It's like people are in a contest to see just how awkward they can pose for their engagement pictures.
Katy Perry spotted with Robert Ackroyd of Florence + the Machine at Coachella
hadn't even heard of it. Love the original story: after a programmer's toddler daughter (named Molly) tripped it twice in one day
Real Life Pirates: Not as cool you'd think. Perhaps I met the wrong bunch.
Nice! Thanks
Thx for tweeting about our event on Sunday - will we see you there?
that Francois Hollande ad is MAJOR! le plus, le plus!
Haha! I know! Its so true. Lady A'ers are the best! :))
My mother could kick your mother's ass at sudoku.
RT: : RT : "Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words." -St. Francis of Assisi
Well, judging by the beat reporter tweets, I can go to bed. Well done , I can get a full nights sleep.
Cocaine's a helluva drug.
cool I'll hit you up beccuh(:
What did Indiana do today? Did I miss it?
My rapper name is appa juice. 'You down with a.p.p?' & 'Appers delight' on debut album
Let me know if you find one!
BEAT L.A.
#TebowGotTradedFor a dinner buffet for Rex Ryan
My roommates and I are eagerly awaiting 9pm. Yep we're losers. LOL
Netflix Starts a PAC. Will It Lobby For a New SOPA?
Omg I fit into my jeans again. Thank you a month of working out.
Annie may be coming back. I just got a very interesting offer from Core of Destruction radio. :)
and thanks!
what are the set times for the nye party?
What are some of your favorite locations in Naperville to eat, shop, and have a good time?
Dublin 2010 Summer Deadline TODAY! Bring application materials to Erin Palmer in room 6 Annenberg Hall.
. tweets&writes...#FF & enjoy yr night. She'll HuffPo & HuffBlow this science house down.W/ she ain't no clown!
I bird shit on me today. Along with everybody else.
doesn't know which is more exciting...the new desk chair or all the bubble wrap surrounding it :D
Going w/my sister to hear interviewed by I Love the Los Angeles Public Library!
We got that scrappy bunch of cubs to tame for a glorious milestone! Leggoo #Arsenal C'mon RVP & write urself it to them record books
#CanIBeHonestWithYou...I think I like you...
": awww no ones following :( !!!" Im following!<3:D
Poor thing. Thinking good thoughts her way!
#Maddow totally kicked ass 2nite. Told #Koch bros 2 man up-debate her face2face-don't go after her producer thru daddy's co.Grow a pair Koch
A BIG shout out to Chicago's own Maurice Brown on the Grammy nod! Congratulations!
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
#RIPANGEL I will pray for you<333
That's easy. People look at me and think, "What a great husband/boyfriend/pervert."
awww but that's what makes it interesting!!
You..are not, not going home, at some point...but not tonight. Take a seat.
I kinda think it's too soon to be depicting him in a movie anyway.
but just so we're clear, when babies don't develop/behave like angels, it has nothing to do with parents.
So after last nights show, I think I'll make being a rockstar my main gig. Yeah... sounds good.
Thanks for the tweet about our learning management system in your directory.
Time to play dress up Sherman Sherman Sherman! To Brooks Brothers we go to get suited for the ball! God i hope my wicked step mom lets me go
she's super pretty too -.-' xD
Sup Sexy Fuckers!
If likes fangirls, then he'll love me forever <3 (:
oh no! Well please stay away from bridges tomorrow:( I wanted to see you Wednesday ya know..
mine were not that great, but I almost gave the great leader Kim Jung Un and his brother a ride in LA.
Those don't come with it, with all the added Jim thinks is comes to around $13K.
Don't forget to go VOTE today for the #TN primaries!
Somebody's gunna miss you, Somebody's is gunna wish that you were here, and that somebody's me.
I'm never drinking again.
jealous. Have a blast man!
Good evening! Hope all is well ... long stretch yet to go here in Philly until the end of the year.
q2 #libchat is this something everyone wants or are there going to be colleagues with an anti-digital agenda?
More white stuff on the way--we love it here on Chardon Square! Visit the snow capitol and join us for a beer!
right? they are getting free room and board. the least they could do is pick up.
From the keynote ... "Education is sharing."
get money
Guess its mee and paranormal state for the rest of the night!
The library will be open today from 12 pm to 5 pm. Get ready for the week!
Where is everyone beautiful?In the dark.
Accident at Monona Drive & Broadway. Right lane closed WB Broadway.
Ben Sheets
Here comes the rain again!!!! All Scooters rented throughout the Months of August and September will have a complimentary rain poncho.....
Should you see "Candide," which opens Friday? Beautiful singing and enough pathos to make you feel better about your own woes.
so glad we got to meet and hang out. I'm sorry i wasn't for longer, but hopefully we see each other soon!
u already know bruh one step closer to going overseas
Morning Twitters ^_^
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll get this scheduled for you
My BookRestorer Knowledge has been successfully passed on with as little pain as possible. 4-page outline helped.
Peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat!
First time at Italian Pizza Pub.
Had such a great night at IGNITION! Thanks to everyone who came out! We all partied pretty hard--as always!
I'd give anything for there not to be school tomorrow .
#oscarrealtime so r brit films in international category or no? They do have the baftas
Dear Syracuse: It is too hot. Please fix. Thanks. Love, Suzy.
"You've changed" No actually I think the proper term is "I've stopped trying to please you."
Now playing: Electro Love Boliyaan by
Fair warning: at 4 o'clock I'm calling it 5 o'clock somewhere.
i love your voice!! We can work together for my next track if you want!!! I really need a nice vocal and u are perfect for me!
I'm so freaking excited!!! here I come.
I'm still not quite sure what the story was about, though.
The trees help a lot. Nature has a calming effect. Post rain it smells good. n sounds good. V soothing
I cried ): it was so sad .
#SometimesAllAGirlWants a guy that actually admits his mistakes as much as she would.
miss u babe!
Win a ‘Dark Shadows’ Prize Pack! reply Now! using BlackBerry messanger Dowhat you're told and watch #aots (ttk.me t4Hp1)
At North Star Mall
what kinda paper?
Hey fellow foodie bloggers, tweeters and chefs -- what #Pittsburgh restaurants should we be following on here but aren't? Let us know!
The One Thing The Media Isn&#39;t Telling You About The Blind Chinese Activist
beautiful pic.. great job on golden globes last night :-)
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski (ankle) was a limited participant in Thursday's practice.
Today is National #TellAStoryDay. Tweet us your best #Diversity stories using the hash-tag: #CulturalUnity!
Cloudy day = time to brew. Think its time for an American wheat with some orange peel.
I've been tweeting just at times you haven't!
can i watch the previous episodes online
John Haught addressing Vatican II's Call to Holiness with “To Men and Women of Science” lecture right now
Yeah alright! RT : lol i wouldnt be so sure if i were you jk
Just booked a flight to Seattle for June. So stoked!
Littering and littering and littering and smoking da reefer #superTroopers lol
oh haha I thought you were completely done! Well youre almost there :)
disagree...always gives a team a chance to stay in the game...
I still feel like I'm 15....
TGIF!! We are ready for a wknd filled with FUN! Restoration Shop Tour, Train Ride to Mt.Clare, Holiday Photo Shoots and MORE!
Series finale of Desperate Housewives. Sad times.
Come play today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15), great deal for your money! Register until 1:40 pm.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Haha, thats good, and same thanks:D
Home now, but still working. Ready for a real weekend. Maybe one day....
Today is the start of teacher appreciation week. Educators, we appreciate you and everything you do!
I just did :)
#poe #pumpingover everything
DIViSION CHAMPS girlfriend woooot
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME
Im bored and im off work what to do?
Can't sleep....I'm glad I don't have any conference calls in the morning!
We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light. ~Mary Dunbar
Agreed. All around bad.
i see (O.o) where you been at tho? you always figure out a way to be lowkey on me.
lol we were w/claude but we all knocked out. Anyways, kadeem knows i love him (as much as it hurt to say that). Phew!
Give audience time for important pauses, to let their imagination work. Relate to their own experiences.
Just picture yourself at the beach and it will help pass the time :)
Tomorrow is Friday and I'm staying out the way once again
was gone for a minute, now im back :)
So, with that twitter break is over, and back to work.
wonder what Drew Pearson thought of that hit on Napoli? Prob an illegal hit in NFL & Napoli would be out of w/concuss precaution!
To keep fat from splattering just put a dash of salt in the frying pan.
I'm hitting Starbucks after my last liveshot.
You should go follow right now! Why? Because they follow everyone back!
All the IU fans can say whatever they want, look who's #1!
Thanks for the follow Hows your day?
that would be so awsome, i deffantly need to get away from colorado for a few days :)
AAHHH. Love is in the air... BIG TIME. (;
Are you excited about Final Perk on December 14?
Hi I'm at come hop on over.
I ask, could #DowntonAbbey be any better written, any better produced or any better cast than it is? Thoroughly wonderful.
I'm not a playmate but I'd def be a claymate. Not for Clay, but for claymation.... Nvm.
Happy Easter everyone!
will you be modeling?
you're traveling around the sun faster at night than during the day, and around the galaxy faster when the sun is in Sagittarius.
we have a couple of those in stock.
Glad to be back at Chicago ! Man, I missed this place so much <3
Check out Mariana's introduction to Record Store Day week over ! We've got all kinds of cool stuff going on!
I'm interested in any article with "UX" & "Research" in the title.
Finna get up
Nathan is EXCITED and on a mission...said he'll see you in 2025!!!
Oh and I lied. today was fine weather wise. Tomorrow though, isn't. there's supposed to be a wind chill warning of -29 degrees! ouch!!
sorry if i asked this before, but I'm curious, would you say you are a tough college instructor?
Anybody in SF at today? Any movies worth checking out?
Soon i might post things on tumblr.
Congrats on the tweet ya just got :)
I just heard that as well. I am really hoping the weather people are all wrong!
Make-up 50/50 call for possession after blowing the up & down, leads to Bradley 3-pointer.
lmao ! You know I'm just kidding (:
I bet! It's a great feeling! :)
trying to figure out how to summarize the conference for a trip report. off to clinic for ear ache.
At Least I'm Not As Sad (As I Used To Be).
has put up with me for two years. Couldn't do all the diving I do without her support.
Four years after library school I am still going to meetings where folks talk about getting hip to social media
No problem,thanks right back.
Dude funny af!!!
3/90min massages and 7 personal training sessions. Whew! Great day! I love all our clients and love what we do!
haha...i totally agree with u. He is better off as an actor. Unfit in politics.
- LOL! Girlfriend you can do it~:)
I think I'm writing a textbook.
What's new dude????
Headed home from animal kingdom it was a great day
what's your favorite Brewers moment?
heart you more!! Be careful driving.
RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Amazing performance last night, was great talking to you
i had to watch that 3 times.
No, you're not. I love strawberry, and sometimes I get the rainbow twists.
Who knew that jazz would grow from its beginnings in David Lee Roth's "Just a Gigolo" to become a worldwide phenomenon?
Way to put her in place J Lauranitis.. I cant stand her..RT : Someone cue... #StandByYourMan for Eve
What is a really good song??? Besides a Bruno song??
RT : #BeachVB world tour starts today > great pre-season..
PepsiCo Aims to Bring Urban Cool to Mountain Dew Image: Retail
first time at their brunch. Good bloody's...
Don't get in the habit of making excuses, or you'll be doing it for the rest of your life.
Ew they playing this old justin bieber song at the gym..
times square :)
Is anyone working with a co-writer? How did you find them? Have your songs improved since finding them?
Consulting on a #jury selection this week, then back to Seattle for more witness prep.
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem. -Samuel Johnson
To app or not to app? Ahh haa! All those platforms...Washington research library consortium chose pages rather than an app.
For the coolest kid-friendly fun in #SanDiego, #FF to
you know I love you right? lol
Just sent a second email to get help with getting registered on the site. No response on the first one. Li'l help, please?
lmaoo yess!! we need to improve that though a lot!
I *think* I'm good to go now! Need to get off the phone and ck for the icon/functionality of it. I added from online.
The New York Knicks have turned into the #NewYorkBricks today.
n lemme know when yur free?
why not?!
-very creative! Interesting take on Mickey; Marilyn would have probably loved it?
Thanks for letting us know. We'll make sure that shelter gets repaired.
Incredibly happy to have received a scholarship from Great news just as I'm about to leave for a journalism convention.
Also, thanks to for tweeting!
study long study wrong
I'm not excited I better wake up with a surprise lmaoo
Hey tweeps! Many of you should follow and read his "Friday Grammar Lesson" tweets. (By "many of you," I mean "all of you.")
I don't think I've ever seen such an exuberant celebration of big gov't and government dependency than the Life of
RT : We're Growing FAST = Time to Hire! Wanted: Full-Time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info
#CRM integration is better left up to plugins
so i listened and think its pretty good
Oh no worries, just watching the Boyfriend video... what happened to Justin's voice?
sticking bernal-side today - thanks for the heads ^
are you depressed or something??
Susie and I are Wii bowling.
Maybe it's just me, but the dot Net open source landscape beyond mono and the Iron languages seems kind of sparse.
ur so swett wish i can go out wit u....but u wanna go ut ....ur single...plzplzplzplzplzplzplzplzplz
Pretty sure "regularly trading peacefully with strangers unrelated by clan or peonage" made traditional marriage moot 500 years ago.
my biggest issue is setting the right stop...
Audition Tip: A "bar" isn't a measure of time, so 16 bars equals 35-45 secs. Unless they're being literal, which is dumb.
"No matter how vital and urgent an enterprise may be, it is best advanced by composure." - Manly P. Hall
ahaha! Just so you know I'm being sarcastic I'm not that Into cats. Lol
It's a beautiful friday morning, hope your all making the most of it!
I'm like the wind *blowing noise*
if you say so retard. Back to the sandbox.
You've gotta know you've made an impact when people r complaining there's too much witnessing going on in a school.
I do what I can, and what I can is hella fun
Only 40 minutes until we start our 1/2 price bottles of wine! Stop by and get classy with us tonight.
#ItsCuteWhen has a live chat c:
all I have is a tumblr! But I'm thinking of making one this summer :)
my butt is so sore. stupid bicycle seat. fun day though!
Dark Summer Dawn time! We rock at 11:30 and it's JR's birthday! Come down to Red Eyed Fly! BOOM!
#getschman Too much text? Tempts you to read. Breaks your natural flow. Distracts eye contact.
EPP will be at Shidler College of Business in Honolulu on Thursday for the Career Expo! Now accepting intern applications. Stop by & say hi!
Let me tell you student loans is worst then marriage...at least if shit don't work out divorce is an option.
Retweet if you wanna text?:)
Ppl only hear what they want to hear. It makes me chuckle (:
PickUpLine: Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
Yao Ming has retired...the great wall has finally crumbled.
Take time and share the gift of dance this holiday season! www.allegrodancecompany.net Classes--shows--workshops!
thanks Jerry!
my #2 of 2011 was "The Tree of Life." But "Drive" is pretty great!
I need to #relax more
NO! I have had the regular minis, though. #dangerous - they are way to easy to eat sans wrappers.
And now ... Josh Beckett.
R Why no behind the scenes doc on the new CS Lewis DVD? The producers figured it was Narnia business
NOTE: HRResourcePortal.com is interested in your business! LOW LOW RATES to advertise your services globally.
add me I send a direct message
Brewers. 4 games. 4 days. Make those playoff tickets more than a curio.
love u to
wait do i have to have a paypal account?!
I'm in love with a stripper.
I'm all ready for u to flash some gang signs u give the thumb
Everyone in ElDorado, Wichita be safe. Headed to you.
Is anyone around Santa monica today like around 2? I need someone to sign for my mail order bride.
Happy birthday one day late(:
It sucks how people that say they love you so much can leave you so easily
Yeah...I heard what his punk ass said....lol
that's awesome! Haha!
I got a good friend thats trying to get this club he going have on thursday nite jumping. You came to mind.
You can go ahead and forward that along to ;) bhahaha
Will have to get to work on catalog and model touch-ups next week! ;) Plus we are getting our house ready for house warming party
just watched dance 😃 I miss you!
SORRY!!! GOD U WANT ME TO THROW UP ON U???
Church at Chapel Hill at Surrendered Movie premiere!
Love 80 degree weather :)
praying please keep me posted.
Anyone who knows me well knows how I love Monkees... and Davy Jones was def one of my favorite... R.I.P.
True! And when it's 12 degrees here in winter and you're holding on to the gas lever. MA is only state I've not seen them.
We'll be bringing an award winning, nationally recognized, Idaho-based media relations professional to the SoMe world soon!
ahahahahha!!!!! We flipped the script! More music for me these days... More muscles & veins for you!! Pffffffffff
The number one rule about #stuffabus is we don't talk about #stuffabus...I will be checking in with Blaine & Allyson from 6a-10a
I like the Pacers, but whining about physical play and post-game comments shows they don't know what the playoffs are about. The fans either
Duh I know who you are!
“The Breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don’t go back to sleep.” - Rumi
“In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer.”
Got a call from tech; says they are up a pole installing new line. I have been suggesting that since 2006!!! Believe it.
Its cool my parents are trying to make my life a living hell, I didn't wanna try to be independent & do my own thing anyway 👌
No iPad, but I have been using my mom's cast-off iPod Touch a bit. (Generally frustrating! But lighter than my computer.)
"princess of china starts of really slowly" 2 months later "OMG I LOVE THAT SONG" no gtfo.
To-do: write a blog post about my grading system in lit classes, and how it's evolved.
my eyelids are getting heavy
Xiaotong wu, how i love you, let me count the ways
First energy drink - NOS. Ready to take on world... to give it flyers. Meditation techniques failing but no jitters, no crash, great taste.
: I bet. That's your thing.
Almost lunchtime here... hm tap tap...
I just realized there is a guy who changed his name to Metta World Peace.
EXACTLY. It doesn't help that tonight I'm going to see Lady Gaga. I'm ready for a dance party but MUST FOCUS.
an officer pulls u over for speeding & says, I waited all night for someone like u. u reply, well officer i hurried as fast as i could.
Local news is saying suspect apparently taken down by a group of elderly ladies after shooting
lol. someone to help you guide? :P
You haven't lived until you've seen 2 police cruisers burst out of the fog to break up your 5am #kickball game.
Delusional much? Recalls are written into Wisc. State Constitution.
Don't flatter yourself honey 😉 “: RT : YOU'RE A STAR!>> no I'm not stop playin ☺”
Just did a Google search for a colleague with the last name "Grind." Wow. That is a LOT of lesbian porn.
Unexpected micro-adventure today. Flew to Chicago and back to DC in one day...and boy are my arms killing me.
Too much good tweeting to follow==I end up ignoring all of it. Regretfully culling list. It's not you, it's me!
omg I wanna get my back done too...I just wanna get my spine I know it's gonna hurt though
office working online....
i need help!!
This is how we do it...
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one...
I want a simpler one haha =)
~Good morning twitterbugs! I hope everyone has a blessed day. Im feeling great! Nothing like waking up to ! Xoxo
I challenge U 2 a debate. U can prove 2 me that schools are failing. That poverty isn't the problem. Maybe greed? ALEC?
“Wabi-sabi: the Beauty of Imperfection, 5 minute Ignite-style talk.” Rachel Nabors,
I'd completely freak out if tweeted me out of the blue.
The twin task of personal #authenticity & finding a mature spirituality are mysteriously linked. #findingmeagain:a journey to an auth life.
The Coyote's stick-checking is off the charts good! Great at breaking up plays
I don't give two shits to what people say (:
I've uploaded a short excerpt from Redemption. Click on the AuthorPage link above to check it out.
Virginia Beach busty independent escorts in Virginia Beach & United States on escort directory
“: Let Us Play #StandUnited #freebasketball” Listen to The Beard for he is wise.
It's at times like this , I cherish my life so much , ♥
Seven years ago today, I met my best friend and love of my life,
great! There 4 a minute I thought if u don't know what a #BBN meant or a #8thbanner u was duff not a wildcat!
I fully agree! RT: We got a few minutes of Jay-Z in the pre-game montage, and you know he should have done the half time show.
Currently experiencing one of those moments where I've been busy all day and have just hit the wall, but know I should keep going and can't.
do you actually know Spanish or is it just phony Spanish? Hahaha.
Tweet for an autographed copy of Official Rules to Being Single
At the gym getting big with my bro
If you're looking for a good read, Carrie Nyman's new book, Why aren't You Sweet Like Me, was just released. Wonderful.
all this religious talk on my tl.. i realize im the worst catholic ever so i won't join in
Assistant teaching this fifth grade art class right now. Kids are so crazy.
welp, now I sound stupid lol
let the countdown begin ;) 8 days!
Z-Bo is a GREAT offensive rebounder! Wow. So physical
And just like that, game is tied 6-6 on a 5th error by St. Xavier. Uncharacteristic of Tigers to be throwing ball around field like this.
just made us dinner w/ but is nowhere to be found!
Forgot to watch #Badgirlsclub , gonna watch it now .
1983. 1000s of Ghanaians expelled from Nigeria. They packed their belongings in cheap bags that were then named
Good morning!! Please hit my pic below and go to the website to like my pics! Xo
When 's tweets pop up, am I the only one that thinks: "When did I start following Bradley Cooper?"
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck joins The Score at 8:05 AM. Check it out at AM1510. Have a ? for Troy? call us at 303-297-1510
Driving your tractor to wal-mart
Had a good dinner recently at Belvedere Inn in Lancaster. Great cocktails too - if you're in to that sort of thing.
All the best
Just found out my cousin has a bf. ahahaha she's 7. Don't try an tell me that's not fucked up.
see you should listen to me when i whine, i mean, think strategically.
Found an empty beer can! Only 199,999 more and we've got our funding for
By the 4 th of 5th room u paint you should catch on"????? Kindergartenpaintjob
You are more than welcome.. such a beautiful woman inside and out:)
RT : #iste11 Explore our AMAZING host city of Brotherly Love! Take the Philly by Land and Sea tour on Tuesday June 28!
Thanks so much! We are very proud and honored!
Beat the Black Friday traffic and take South Bay Expressway to the Otay Ranch Town Center!
agreed. I was blessed with HUGE legs naturally, so it's always been my fav too. Especially since so many other ignore their legs.
i accidentally washed my ipod in the washing machine, it took a little while to restore, but it is working!!! crazy stuff
Ehh its not too bad for me. but for other girls..it must be crazy
They just read your tweet on the livestream. :)
Just tapped Great Divide Oaked Aged Yeti Imperial Stout.
What's goin on my Philly FAM!!!!
Screw you old man! However I do have tix to Roger Waters The Wall in a month!
cool, hit you when we get back to LA
Gonna give in and start cardio today. I hate cardio!!!
LOL JK if they give me the work its their responsibility to grade it.
Payphone on repeat
I think Tom Norris should Rejoin :)
now following FB?
yes definitely 
: Trust in the LORD with all your heart & lean not on your own understanding & he will make your paths straight. Pv 3:5-6
Hamels plunked him to show who's boss. And unfortunately for him, Harper did.
dropping by to say hi. Long time fan who had you sign an autograph at the beginning. you said "I hate the Rachel." lol
Good luck on the decision ! and have made it difficult.
BABY!!!! I didn't know you felt the same way!! ME + YOU = BEDROOM!! NOOWWWW!! ahaha ;) #letsgetiton #allhomo :))
chinese symbols make sweet tats.
Back to tweeting from #XMLmeeting. Flavio Zeni of Kenya speaking on taking ICT "to the next level."
in ref. to task analysis. I use it to illustrate shaping: the number of steps needed to learn an everyday task.
suggestions anyone? RT : yo, I'm going to DC for the black theater fest this weekend. Any place we should go party?
can't speak to Seattle much but I live in Portland and love it. Depends what you are looking for I guess
Traffic sucks on I-40...
my throat hurts so bad ugh
Ha! Pucker up Legolas. #Avengers LOVED IT! I wanna see it again!
Atlantans - pick up a copy of this month's for an article on us called "Writing History."
Domestic violence should be stopped. We should come together
are you closing tonight?
KidExerciser created a device that, when paired with a kid's bike, controls sthe TV. Kids pedal to watch TV. Promotes kids' fitness.
lol just waking up
We are looking for a professional server/bartender that thinks they are fun enough to join our staff! Please apply at The Eatery.
I need to find an anchor shirt!!
what's trademarked?? not RNS lol
That is also very true.
Anyone have a good recipe for eggnog cheesecake? Why is it so hard to find? Now I want it even more!
I don't like you at all...
Ok, looks like you are a step ahead of me.
Thx a lot for the RT , we also have cell phone collection boxes at all Goodwill Austin retail locations
“: how goes the biggest loser competition?” Down a couple lb's but eating/working out HARD. Caring mostly about bf%.
txt me lol
Throwback rap songs tonight
There are people all around me and still I fell alone
Grades almost in, I
HOA may be sued in Trayvon Martin case - Abc Local Web Found on Bing
#caseyanthony defense ironically argues prosecution is "sea of lies," and it worked! What a waste, could have stopped at opening argument.
Making plans for hosting a delegation from a college in Wisconsin coming down to see my lab on 4/18.
I'm working on a new drum cover which is Battery by Metallica. Should have it done tonight or tomorrow. Thanks for the support!
im LOVED <333
My grandma is here making her own remix of "Same Damn Time" Talkin about "in the kitchen cookin greens & cornbread at the same damn time" 😒
just met Jack Johnson, the musician, and he asked if i knew about nature deficit disorder!!!
Thanks for the mentions guys “I think this wysiwyg tool is going to get very popular”
Money comes and goes but family is forever
Life is too short to write people off because of stylistic differences lol
How bout playing the new SWEATERS 7 inch? SO good!
The fun doesn’t stop, even when you sail into port! Shore excursion adventures are available when you’re not performing.
"If i'm racist to everyone i'm just mean" -Chris Willmott
I love Morris Day and the Time.
By the time a man realises that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
Calipari won the sec 2 of three years and potentially sec tournament all 3 years. If he doesn't win COY something's wrong
Come to Poland!
Finalizing Incredible Girl Music with Aaron & Aurora. What a journey. Killer sound. 3rd pass edit you belong to me now!
U Ok
Tim Allen is having the best Voice Over career...ever.
I want to transition from headstands to handstands but I just can't find the missing link
grandmas for the night. :)
...and they gave no heads up to any of us that they were closing for the day
aawww! im so glad i made you happy! i love this type of feeling! goodnight! and i hope i made your day! :)
quince tonight :) on my way. .
when and dropped that mixtape outta nowhere ... it changes the game forever. that shock value was priceless
All I do is play guitar...
My little cousin was sent to give my neighbors a plate of food, and this nigga charged him five dollars for the plate! Lmfao!
im sorry! Hope your day gets better!
Surprised you didn't have a tweet about Brandon Lloyd from Friday's show. Very well spoken, knowledgable. Surprised.
Rest In Peace MCA You will never be forgotten!
Knowing how to ask the right questions at the right time is both a skill and a gift and can bring great results to the one answering them.
RT : The composer John Adams, whose music I listen to obsessively while writing, has a very cool blog.
and you're a very beautiful girl :)
hahah my sister and I were just talking about you
Made the mistake of throwing the Catch Phrase in a box of books and it's making a tiny beeping sound once every 15 minutes.
You love science, ever read Ray Kurzweils The Singularity is Near?
Debating if I should go see Maxwell tonight with friends or go and make some money ...
MORE signs do not solve problems. Pointing something out (again) doesn't fix it, only adds clutter. Fix your issues; don't just add to them
Great choice - thanks for stopping in!
The best makeup Demi could wear is a smile. Her best jewelry is modesty. And her best clothing she wears is confidence. ♥
I have a pounding headache and chills I been sleeping over a half day
history repeats itself im an OF soldier!
Take a pic next time and share. RT : The crazy things you see driving down 38th Street...
The picture is the roundabout at the West Portal Elementary School
Hi where is my gift card?!
food truck lunch FTW u guys
your exactly right, all other things in life will come and go but at the end of the day your family is always gonna be there
your stupid? You dmed me and tweeted me I haven't been on for a while
GTS: This ones for you & me , living out our dreams. We're all right where we should be. With my arm out wide, I open my eyes....
RT : I'm good...we had dinner on the deck/The deck of your boat? HaHa! I bet you wish! Sounds nice~ Great weather
Maybe you can call in Sick, then bring it to the Crib and get all this ...
I may be ugly but they sure love to stare
I feel a little better about my incompetent run yesterday then!
hopefully I'll be home in July
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback management and more.Would you be interested in receiving more information?
you ruined the noodles.
the article in magazine = amaze!!
Thank you for being our 4,000th Follower! :)
Tomorrow is the start of a week of discounts! Each day there will be a great product with an even greater discount!
I am drinking my 2 shakes a day and working out. Also joined a challenge group
Ran across a website: strongfathers.com; check it out. My book discusses the positive effects of such in the home and school
I just submitted my application for the Board of Directors Media Committee Chair position. Here's to hoping for the best!
Putting students in stuffy trailers. . . .and where is the gazillion dollars of lottery money going?
I suppose that's some consolation... but still! :)
nutella is heavenly during rough timess
o girl my weave itch ... pat pat pat pat hhaha rollin on the floor
RT : ": It sound like did it again ....good work to err body puttin in work"
It doesn't involve Charles Barkley chained up as Whodini does it?
its true doe delusion must stop. lbj now become a decoy for last 2nd. teams kno this
Vodka numbs the throat ! haha :-)
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
that may be debatable since they have the largest app and music stores. But knowing user data is not a requirement. Engagement is.
My pleasure. Now, gimme good content! ;P
i cant find an advisory snapback anywhere
It was fantastic! I feel all warm and happy inside. :)
HEY! That reminds me - a certain live-action TACO didn't walk past my desk on Monday as promised...
#OWIF: "We value freedom for all, except for our sworn enemies, the Frogressives."
yes/no? Their 'low Eb' has a picture with a design of a 'low C' BClar...call them and their are not sure how to clear up. :-/
tend to see attempts at intersectionality as weakening feminism. As if we can talk about all wmn w/o talking other oppressions.
why do people make fake pages of famous people >>>>>>>>>>>
zbo does make the same lol. His contract is just a year shorter. And part of Rudy's problem is correct play calling. We need
": another great workout! Ready for the weekend!"Awesome job! Keep killing it! Can only bring good things!
you're hilarious
RT : SAN ANTONIO: Want to see advance screening of drama/comedy #PeopleLikeUs 5/17? Fist 20 DM name & address get a pass. Hurry!
keepin it reel
#2011in3words.... two- thousand- eleven
Many areas to apply this advice. Thanks RT : Partner, but lead.
text me slut<3
Elway loses $15M in ponzi scheme along with other investors. But wants to go to head of line to get some $$ back...it's 4th and long !!!!
you don't. I guess ur just lame then
No matter how angry I am at a significant other I would never in my life yell at them in public
ur tweets r for real
Insane cabbie tells me he hates chatty passengers, proceeds to talk about his job at Red Lobster, his emotional problems for 65 blocks
Heck of a sports night
Good Morning World Wide Weberverse! Listing new items today stay tuned! How is everyone?
Interesting to see which companies have their #Google+ pages up and running. And which ones don't.
I hate this nasty weather💨☁☔⚡
Demi Lovato, Charlie Daniels coming to state fair - The State Journal-Register
Yeah, seems to work... have you used this thing called the Internet yet? It's awesome.
my man miss my boy
well how in the fuck am I supposed to know?
The boys are doing the fighting & the dying and [their] #mothers are giving their all, their most priceless and precious possessions. [1943]
have you ever been to Canada? Just curious since I'm a stones throw from it and the falls.
Does anyone have a NYC half marathon bib that they want to sell? I'm very interested!! #NYC half marathon
Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I know we rarely get along, but I love you anyway.
Love his voice! ;)
Laying in bed feeling weak #kickboxing killed me ASAP
Lame as hell jk!
#3day Walking along the San Diego River with 3,600 other friends.
Nothing but dirty bitches in the bad girls club. smh
Shout to all my moon men
oh, I see now. I'm playing both sides. ;) I shot digi that night, but I did shoot some 120 yesterday.
The headliners have been announced! Who are you going to see?
HCPs don't want to be "providers" of mandates from ePatients - they want to be treated as professionals first
Obama is so handsome! If I was one of the ladies from The View I would jump on that d***
Another perfect day to be on the grind... Just if I worked outside :/
Great nap:)
RT : Oh shit did just say "a senior on a fixed income?" Maggie just put the wine down & said "ok, I MIGHT vote...
Definitely will do! Great premiere--love the NOLA dynamic and laughed out loud at all the Native American claims in the barber!
Samsung Galaxy Note acquired. Giant phone is GIANT.
That does hurt bad!
I love Robert Hurst's playing! You two together must be a real groovin-cymbal-throwing-machine!
QoTD: "Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." (Simone De Beauvoir)
ha right!
I know that's your team, but even if they somehow caught the Heat, they would have a tough time with the other big dogs.
#yourthebest because you a beautiful girl that doesn't need to show of to be recognized
#zuluwinter great music
Almost there! Anything fun planned while you're here?
Nice music on your website! Thx for the follow.
RT : Chris Paul and Rajon Rondo are the 2 best pure PGs in basketball PERIOD!!!!!
ROWING: Live coverage of Sunday&#39;s Saratoga Invitational regatta on Fish Creek COVER IT LIVE
thanks for the follow back ^^
U.S. demand for tissue ppr up 7.2% "U can do digital 4 books but it's hard to do digital with tissue paper," Willis Blevins
We're gonna hook 5 of you football/film fans up with REAL STEEL on Blu-Ray (Football. Robots. Football robots. Get it?). Just tell us... 1/2
love you guys too, lol. joy has a problemo.
Glad we are finally getting our new roof, Glad they finally arrested the man who ripped us off. Maybe we can get our $ back.
When girls love your smile ♥
Thanks for following!
Great #LF12 energy around #women, green building, creativity and progress towards a !
Social media etiquette: be nice, be polite, be professional #iappsummit reminds me of Everything I Need to Know I Learned In Kindergarten..
what a most boring sunday indeed
ILostMyVirginityTo no one yet...but my guy friends think I have because I act freaky sometimes. ;P
Congratulation Ms Maxine Tulloch for being one of the 100 Outstanding Women of Broward County. Great things comes to those who work hard.
It's those people who are awake that live in a state of constant amazement.
San Antonio: T-storms between 1-4pm, few with hail and strong winds.
When im not with you, im thinking bout you
Dear followers: What's your favorite and least favorite Easter candy? (No black jellybeans for us!)
aww I miss you too love ❤ I hope you had a good Friday 😊
"Hi, I'm calling about this product you emailed me about." Yes? "Well, I'm not interested. Thank you."
This is the time of year CEOs think of Strategic Planning - make sure the word "customer" is at least on page 2 if not on page 1
: re: rock metaphor. That's right. Otherwise, I just don't want to go downstairs. I'll deal. Just need sleep.
I can't sleep. My room is fucking hot I guess it's time for me to start stripping.
I C's it but I don't believe's it!
Know of any Boston area jobs? Twitter friend is looking...
what do you mean? I told him I would be there. 8pm reservations at the Applebees on Main Street in Naples.
Some people dream of success . . . while others wake up and work at it. — Unknown
Which one was the 2 seed?
Lovely dovey can kiss ass
oh shut up. You lame af
are you kidding me?
LMAO yeah that might help!
unfortunately I didn't but luckily it was where I thought it was haha
I once worked with someone who called in VERY frequently. Here are two of his "gems". I can't come in today because: * I have a belly-but...
Party tonight with alotta my friends, brothers going away party tommorow, and then seeing in Hairspray on Sunday. Greaat weekend!
Another Twitter Mom Question! Any good recommendations for a southside / Greenwood area pediatrician?
so much on my mind!
So bummed! Had an audition for a commercial today, but wasn't able to make it. First audition in LA I was called to but couldn't go :(
I know. That's what I'm waiting to see too
look for " the collective" on facebook
One of your RTs led to a fairly interesting conversation. I'm not counting on that happening again, though.
Still feeling the impact of last Sun. PM prayer meeting. "Why do you look for the living among the dead?"
I want one of those little blue & white check marks by my name
I wonder which judge will be assigned to each of the Top 3.
Hard day...hard night. Imma put on a brave face and make it work. Whatever.
2012 Actors Reel
How You have 2 First Names? Phillip Phillips! Like Mike Micheal's and John Johnson
happy passover, good friday and happy earth day... o:)
Off break nd back to wrk.
Hello :P
yes sir working til about 2 am
The old Indian lady at my job is beyond annoying bro.
#jasminprobz 😂 RT : Everyone's drunk but me 😔
Here we go
Uh flawless plan. Haha
hello i love A.N.T Farm can you follow me ?
Nope! RT : Can u have a hint for 2night??? 
I just got my act scores back. Looks like I'll be taking it again-__-
whatever. Your on the couch.
People don't actually like lobster. They just need an excuse to eat butter in vast amounts.
aw! My love to Elliott
#writers #authors #amwriting #novel Show me yours, I'll show u mine. 2-3 pages only. All the time I have to read carefully & comment
sorry for long wait, twitter didn't show me that u mention me like it usual do. Thx for replying me back
i plan on it!:)
MT "Supermoon will shine on West Coast at 8:34 p.m. Saturday" ...<Maybe it needs to shine on the East coast to help the Yankees...
oh.. my moms done that before. It really sucks :(
Almost everyday I get a confirmation from the universe that I am doing exactly what I should be doing. Today's was poweful! Thank You.
Seguin is as Seguin does. #Bruins #Caps tied.
- At a certain point, I'll be expecting a large, black-green-yellow-and-blue badge saying "Vim Journeyman."
And now we know the plot for season 2. I'd not piss off Rumplestitskin. Ever.
My Napa trip countdowns are at 13 and 35 days. If only we could keep up once a month jaunts... Cannot wait
So sleepy. Don't wanna get out of bed. But I have a bowtie to wear and a meeting to get to.
The Speaking Empire Live Event is starting in just 20 minutes! This is going to be an amazing week!
Lot's of #WPS to talk on the show Monday as we will have Coach James Galanis of the Atlanta Beat in studio live! WPS REWEET
Had a great time at the NCPC Conference.
It seems like every time I watch "River Monster" this nigga catch the same fish
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
People do so much on twitter for attention it's nuts. Get an outside hobby pot favor.
Jake that's such a unique idea for a column!! How did you come up with that?!?!
k sorry, and a little late, don't ya think? U know u don't have to know somebody to follow them right?
Swear we have a racist bus drivier playing nothing but rap for us .!
caught your show for the first time this morning. Love it!
Issue #6 of our print edition comes out Wed! Stories on humantrafficking, HealthySF, AmericasCup and ranked-choice voting.
Unknown Prophets playing in Brainerd tonight. Thinking...
I don't know. My granny is too busy running her mouth to get home from church. :|
Ok cool lets do it, don't know about the 25¢ wing spot but I can google it & find out
Why people find gauges attractive blows my mind..
With a good book. Good to meet you.
I'm looking for potential investors to help launch this product, any ideas?
21+ ICON FRIDAYS @ ICON ULTRA LOUNGE IN DTLA FT. DJ SCENE! CARISSA & BDAYS! FOR LIST:
Boise misses you too. Come back soon.
You have chosen ... wisely.
oh we will! Sitting next to the beer importer, Don Feinberg of Vanberg & Dewulf!
me too both lineup. i took me a while to learn the new names . I alway remember slash , duff , steven izzy
RT : #oomf tries too hard to be "hipster"..
face it hydraulic fracturing,food preservatives,cell phone waves and a million other things are harmful..but we like the stuff they make
And I wish there was football on...
Jersey Shore looks like a horrifying show
Yamely wants to be black...... k
#Tebow316 RT : If you see ole Suggsy tell him to holler at us in 13'. Hahaha
Kourosh Tazmini feat. Anda Adam - Can U Feel Love (Official Video HD)
Miles to/from the Apple store and hours of installing/configing of all my apps, I'm almost recovered from a hard-drive crash.
BORGIA rehearsals started today, minus Ms. but just sat in on musical and it's sounding fab already!
Wrote till late last night. Woke up with face on keyboard. Little impressions on my cheek from the keys. Wear it proudly baby!
IT'S BACK! YES!
How bad is Clint Barmes at the plate? No need to answer
Well, glad you picked it up, despite how time consuming apple can be!
I am now a man who owns a canoe. Ponder that one,
Congratulations to the Super Bowl Champs !!!
Follow for all your FIU gear
Thinking before I act, like Steven's mom says I should. It's so fuckin hard though. Ugh. :/
Can't wait to hear!! RT well the vocals sound so good, if i may say so myself
#shitmarkcassidysays come on now man!
Have a great weekend everyone!
And so we kick push, kick push..
I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard at a TV show.
If you are not using your #gifts to bless someone,
Can we get Gus Johnson for next year's #Masters? That's of course IF Augusta would allow a black man to call the tourney
I know. So you know it's funny that more guys are enjoying the new MLP series than girls are
If you have an egg as your profile picture, or any other object not human, I will not follow you.
I think we should have #GayPride day at school this week. Anybody up for it?:)
I STILL can't get over that Man City game yesterday.
gym time suga!!!!
I know a great printer made in the USA! www.anajet.com
nice to know you stalk me? lol you don't even follow me so that's pretty creepy.
All of these things have been filed away in boxes &bags when I return from playing a concert tour,say,& I have never looked at them again.
In brief: Pub waitress accused of theft
Have a blissful day being the best you...
RT : No one with any real sources has reported that Parks & Rec has been canceled. No one.
Thank you USC alum for coming in and taping an interview for this afternoon! It was so great meeting you!! :)
Never mind...
comon,you know yo wanna follow
Even speaking as an fan, outright rewarding people to go to physical stores to price check and then buy from them is a dick move.
The bottom line --> MT POTUS, and the MSM, would much prefer a discussion of gay marriage to a discussion of the economy.
Belly up and arch your back Well I ain't really falling asleep I'm fading to black DBTs Goddamn Lonely Love The Dirty South
thanks! We were on there once before in a typography showcase. I always get excited when our work gets recognized like that.
Catholic League action today @ Ashburn vs. Father Judge 3:45pm. BP @ 1:30 - Looking for a sweep this week against the boys from Mayfair.
"Friends" is on Nick? I feel really old.
If Shabazz picks UCLA like most are predicting we will likely never hear from him again.
My Boi Is About To Go In On This New Ep Called 'The Weigh In' a 10-track Free EP On May 15th
and , thanks for the RTs. I think this year's Ghost Tour is definitely going to be fun (the night tour scary)!
happy birthday to you:))
Nassib to Lemon for another 1st down.
#gltrain Is the goal of Gov 2.0 to make citizens' lives easier or better?
Bengals take five on Day 3 of NFL Draft
No. Not unless I'm being chased. But I love distance bike rides. My favorite, Springfield MO to Eureka Springs AR. (sigh)
i communicate with you ( :
It's high it's deep. It's outta here 3-2
It's March 1st!
I'm not sure about whether #visualCV being saved is a good or bad thing. I mean I want them to survive but in a way I want see a new prod.
Good Luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon today!
Excellent see you soon
INTAXICATION : Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.
CISNC 16,804 North Carolina students left school last year without graduating. Breaking the statistic www.cisnc.org
Finish the sentence: When I arrive in Hana I feel __________.
Did you know that a praying mantis has 5 eyes? Imagine how much it can see!
International music television network MTV will celebrate its annual summer event in Tel Aviv this year.
I found Kevin today!!!! :D
Hey! Who are the creators of that Skillery thing? I'm looking on the site, but don't see it/them any where.
I'd still rather play the original Pacman on an Atari! In fact, don't tell anyone LOL my husband and I actually have an Atari.
Cheer on the #Bulls with our $18 Abita buckets! We know that the #BenchMob will dominate the court!
Thanks for this interesting link.
Hey , let me know if you're looking at getting Wetopia onto mobile! Your game looks fantastic, great admiration for you!
Dogs are such good people.
I always appreciate a Monday Mention! :-)
ME TOO!
In general, the worse the music, the louder it is played.
I <3 Space Cow-Boys.
I want to go to #sxsw just to be able to talk to all my internet friends/contacts in real life. Next year, next year... I smell a...
Please don't bring Terron back next season. That is all...
thanks for joining us. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Finish this sentence and you will be our Status Update for the day on Facebook. "Beautiful is..."
10 MINUTES - #StarshipsVideoOnMTV IM GOING TO FUCKING CRY IM SO EXCITED ! :D 💘
Wowww! Maria & Derek killed it!
In a few months ill be able to rent a plane with my brother and go to the keys or other places good to have a brother with a pilot license(:
So excited that the Tallahassee Tricksters April Fools Juggling Fest is this weekend. Good to see folk who can keep all their balls in air.
This Thursday ft lauderdale Hard Rock and casino,me! Rocco performing at the world famous Improv as your feature act 8pm show!
Thanks for thinking that our set is awesome!
yes it does! So I can be all hype beast. Even though it I really am not.
RT URGENT NEED: Looking for an Account Mgr/Project Mgr with Ad Agency experience. Someone who has worn a lot of agency hats.
Today was a great day. All I can say is thank you all-
your lame
Green Day - Good Riddance
wasn't even that
I agree... he was way past drunk. i love drunk cena
Getting ready for work
wow! That was quick. Hope you're starting to feel a little better.
should be here by next week.
We will be live on Good Day - Fox 4 on Feb 23 starting at 8:40am! Be sure to mark your calendar!
get a life homes, niggas hackin
RT #Bring1DtoSanFran. Get it trending guys(:
second question who did tito beat too win his LHW title and how many times did he defend it
What's up world :D
If tomorrow all the things were gone, I’d worked for all my life. And I had to start again, with just my family and my fight....
Talked to him on the phone . Realized how much i love him and missed him
So they made a 20 foot musical score set piece?
we might need to let kids connect to the printers. have 1 free standing for kids bringing their laptops and there's a long queue
Only if you eat it with a runcible spoon.
I hate rest days! Drives me nuts!
Lol I love when my dad tries to ground me. I don't think he fully understands what a 'grounding' is.
u kidding? You would've made a sailor blush! (Possibly even Reza!) Let's hope today doesn't come down to a bad snap...
your just now noticing youve been slacking on your tweeting.
he's doing exactly what he needs to do.... Make management make the difficult decision
is it sad that i actually thought about that once?
CARS Pick of the week: Public Art Party: Beverly Hills and Renegade Craft Fair LA. To receive CARS Pick emails, email
will do <3
lol me too
things are good. How r you? Been doing yoga everyday, gaming, writing and gigging. How's the fam?
love it. I will probably see them in AC.
“The great use of a life is to spend it for something that outlasts it.” ~ William James
HOOPS: Lot's of Houston-area athletes competing in tournament play today. Will have some updates later.
Everyone and there baby moms are here lol
When I think about you, I think about 17, I think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky, funny how a melody sounds a memory<3
No one's opinion deserves a gun.
MTSU, duh. you go to TSU, right?
Greinke will end up with a no decision. His ERA is now down to 3.35 on the year.
Kyle Anderson is too smooth!
there was humor in my tweet... You missed it. I want Shabazz at UK. Who's side are you on?
Feeling groovy
Yes its still going on ..30 cent beers are still here until december 30th, come on in and see us..
*heading to a boat tour* mom: there must be a lake. Everyone has boats here. Me: well, we are going on a BOAT tour, mom.
My big plans for the afternoon involve making rice krispie treats.
Starting to get real busy.
jim, its don k not sure I ever said that lol
Staying awake through sheer force of will.
definitely Peeta and he would have an #epicfail in the arena :)
hve u met ny famous people lately? Or ny amazin animal adventures?
I say we google this nigga address and rape his wife
What a beautiful weekend we had! What did you do to soak up the sun?
at least i didn't think so lol :p
how do i get your fanmail address ? <3 4
Hey Soy un seguidor Yiyo. Soy Dominican y viva en Milwaukee. Esprit sue ten ga tuna excellent temporary rate a?no.
just got out the shower (:
#QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked Why do you hate men?
where you are?
yes indeed
Good morning!
I might become a patriots fan! NO LIE!!!
Don't forget to register on the forum so that you can join in the live chat on Wednesdays.
is just adorable
Shopping again today!
*intrinsically appealing
The holiday party invitation is quite possibly the best thing I've seen all year.
Who's bright idea was it to schedule cinco and the derby on the same day. Sheesh!
so proud!
yeah uh huh sure rude
Yes I'm annoying ! But I can't help it lol (:
hopefully you had a great show!
let us know if you have any last minute questions or need any additional info! :)
Hamas goes to Medical School!!!!! Hamas leaders are now posing as DOCTORS to hide in hospitals. Nice - real nice.
thanks for the RT, go
Thanks for coming in today for a Bloody Mary!
RT Call to Prayer: Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day.
any chance prez will tackle the faulty assertion that America is a business?
Creepiest #SNL monologue ever...
s/o to big tuck for not gettn on tha album lol...nigga we got E-class from swishahouse and neph ha! its gravy album a klassic!
Hello, lovey... S'up, yo? Keepn busy? Fun time on set the other day, eh? Lovin' this pic ya got here! Nice!!
HB 1228 passes House Education Committee.
just overheard my waitress say, "yeah I go to planet fitness, but, I meet all the hot girls at golds gym"
my phone is a POS :/
I'm watching a dude put on George Washington make up.
Why are window shares and blinds in the flooring dept and not in the window dept?!
Taking a break between Dharma Punx, kitchen cleaning, grocery shopping and Food Not Bombs. Shmeekend.
I love my momma
You are the sum of the 5 people you spend the most time with. Choose wisely.
Coming up on Fox @ 9 we're talking to both sides of a police bust that got an officer shot... and the splain'n Marina is going about our WX
Drugs just mashing the ball tonight.
hone....miss ya
Anyone who is following me i am following him back
hi brb
I jus thought sort of more than a friend thts all
sorry did u get my dm?
yes! In 2 hours I'll be on a plane on my way to Gatwick Airport in London!! :D
First time I really sit down with my phone in PCB, gotta tweet my ass off
Join us for our last meeting of the semester as we introduce the new eboard..see you at 5pm in CE268
I've eaten so much food this weekend.
Nothing changes until you change.
what up bro! Man everything is gravy! Im learning a lot and have 2 more weeks of my 6 weeks training period so in good. How r u?
PickUpLine: May I pleasure you with my tongue?
Hello, we are a horror punk band and big fans of yours.. We would like to send you music to put in one of your movies.
Linda - you're always invited to our gatherings!!!
"Sarah Phillips" is really the old dude from Home Alone who salts the streets at night.
Sending out #EDUthanks to the entire #highered community. You are a constant inspiration to us, and push the entire team to always be better
don't forget wife to a broke SW too :)
man I dnt know how to Dm from my new phone. N u took mistake the wrong way. Smh. I like how my hand is getting exposed doe
Waiting at Starbucks. I guess she's running latte.
Exciting week ahead! Free show Friday at bunkhouse and open mic on Sunday.
i understand but don't be stingy with the talent! The world needs to hear it!
#NP "I Walk The Line" a cover from Chris Isaak's 'Beyond the Sun' album.
We need only two things to change: want to change and believe we can....
Serious as Hell, my friend. I am seeing that in theaters. Terrible sci-fi is finally getting the respect it deserves.
Love the kids choice awards #1Dshouldvebeenslimed the 1D should have got slimed but there to HOT to get slimed
RT : Cowbells ringing and "SAC-RA-MENT-O" chants going on in front of Power Balance Pavilion! Let's go!
V3? Cool, he seemed a little cheesy and not hard like Black, but I'll check it out when I look at more stuff.
Forgot how horrible it is to drive to work before a Huskys game. Bunch of idiots.
I'm not gonna run after you.
Attn barefoot hipster assholes- i am going to start breaking glass bottles on the sidewalk. you are all on notice.
Looking forward to serving with you.
cops kicked everyone out, so people are obviously driving home drunk. stephanie didn't drink a single drop, so we are safe!
hey, Im not the one the career services ladies have a crush on. We'll talk after they start following my fb posts.
If you have nothing nice to say about someone, say nothing about them at all!
good save =)
Ohio gonna pull it out???
are parallel dips something special or just regular dips?
Yellow Light Maybe live tonight at National Underground in NYC..8pm! Get there to see our good pal Brooks Lee Wood kick things off!
#PeopleShouldStop forgetting to schedule a wax, stay on track and stay smooth longer!
I'll be there tomorrow from 1-5..maybe we can meet up :)
Loving the ATX again...
First day on a new boat
Religious situation in Kazakhstan is in pre-crisis state: IPS - Tengrinews
Chilling can't complain at all. Lol need to get you in the studio.
At the studio prepping for today's #carlsononthelaw show airing at 11 am
Russia's richest man, Mikhail Prokhorov, announces deal to buy controlling interest in New Jersey Nets. So much for JayZ.
I was just impressed she's my moms age dancing hard! Fun!
me too..even as I sip on this coffee :/
Well there goes the #PerfectGame at #MillerPark tonight!
I'm 100% me in front of EVERYONE, I never try to be anyone i'm not.. I don't have to change for someone
you:hey cutie! me:who are you? you:your soon to be boyfriend me :no!your aint as fly as you think you are you:oh me:bye!
Go Dj thanks for the follow :)
Sorry we missed you this morning - I hope you got your goodie bag so you're set for the start of season!
thanks man! Glad you're digging my drumming style. Post some vids of you playing HW on rock band or on real drums! -
This is clever. Food problem solved.
thank you
it will. Like...everything lol
The longer I go without coffee this morning, the faster my chipper-ness disappears... I wish my friend would hurry up!!
hey .. if we haven't slept yet.. is it still technically ?
vented to for about two hours striaght... so thanks
SEO evangelist - More than one time I have taken the time to explained step by step to business owners how to improve their online marketing
Great to have you here. Enjoy!
when do u work again?
: Hey Lori, I have been working so hard and working so fast to get to all my assignment, the lens can't get wet! LOL
Coffee-flavored yogurt is disappointingly gross.
who was it
no don't say that 😱
I've never found watching men shave particularly sexy, but watching Don Draper is sexy. Probably because it's Don Draper.
im just a black kid creeping
Forgot how good Mr. Rager is!
TW TW TW. I am so completely and absolutely excited to see this concert it's almost unreal!
please follow . That's all I'm asking. Just press the follow button & maybe stalk her tweets lol. :) 
I am 40 now your almost 80 tell me how the next forty will go. Fiesta Yellow rose of Texas via con Dios
& gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards! RT : "Real friends help U hide the bodies." She speaks the truth!!
Happii been n a good mood all day
Is there a way to do a Facebook poll, limit it to one response per FB user, and not show the results? I'm stumped. Help!?!?!?!?
has been enjoying coworkers' responses to lunchtime poi and hoop practice, and just might make a few converts.
he will be back, they spent a1st rounder on him
SMART tech just released 10.7 for the SMART Board Yeah!!1
Congrats & happy anniversary!
thanks for following me!
Paul #Answer couldn't get as much in as he should have!
al drunk
Bout to do some work.
My "thatcanbemynexttweet"s will not load omg.
Yes - Shoot for the stars because if you miss at least you'll land in the trees not the mud...
Todays the day where all do wanna do is cry....
Oh, for sure. 'Course, both these kids were ignorant as they come. Both weren't even 20yo's yet.
Just nailed WIS -20.5... Are you ready for another easy winner?
I want to meet and greet you tonight. Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight? Penelope Hormerte
having much love from USA And Canda
Fun seeing #Sherlock episode on large screen after peering into a small notebook to watch the DVD previously!
Davis has a little hitch in his step. Next minute should be telling.
tonight * whenever they're going FUCK
I consider it a success when I bump into the car behind me only three times while parallel parking
Can't wait to be in the studio again tomorrow! We are home!!!
love you too and i might have to do cheerleading if i keep taking blows to the head that make me have to go to the hospital.
Congrats!!!!!!! glad to see you as a bill for more years!
how old will I be when I die? Do I turn out alright?
Da Game show is soo not da same anymore but I still love it
that sounds good
You are such a song bird. I truly enjoyed your performance. I wish you the best.
they were lost in time
send it to me, i'll happily eat 'em
Reliable of Milwaukee is looking for a full time Production Order Coordinator. Please send me your e-mail address and I will forward the jo…
Love your bio.
I'm jealous every time I go to hockey games at staples
All conference proposals all the time: #BostonEMP workshop tonight, work on my own 2012 ideas, now reviewing for 2012. Whew!
i bet you eat a lot of bananas
Bigamy is having one wife to many, monogamy is the same...
how often?
Yellowtail Dam on the agenda for this afternoon.
im following
.We are hiring drivers! Interested? Send a an email to carrie at wehaveyourfood.com for more information!
I asked what she wanted 4 lunch this a.m. I heard veggies & hummus. She thought I had pizza. Just got her lunch, no pizza. :(
Struggle-bussing hardcore with this nail polish! OPI > China Glaze
Slovakia country profile
I fap to
Best concert EVER!!! love you
What does Michelle Obama and Lady Gaga have in common? Both are photographed in todays NY Daily News wearing gloves from LaCrasia
Well dang! What happened?!
come in and get screwdrivers for à dollar..........
will give it some thought and let you know.
Who now has Android 2.2 on his Droid Incredible? This guy.
AND EQUALLY BEAUTIFUL & STUNNING N.Y. HOUSEWIFE SONJA MORGAN. HERO TO 4 LEGGED CREATURES EVERYWHERE.......!!!
Good call. I looked for one before and didn't find it, but got it now! Thanks!
Poor thing. If some guy can send you a tome analyzing online dating process, why can't you send him a detailed application?
made the ride height ?
The TD Garden is the only pro basketball arena I've been in – was there twice for 2010 Finals. Got caught up in that series.
for this Christmas in my school some schoolfriends will sing mix of songs - ALL i want for christmas is u and other
RT : Do not abort ur mission. Stand firm when things begin to shake.
Deloitte U will use social networking to enhance the learning experience enabling learners to connect with one another.
Busy day ! Get glamorized with me!
I'm on the porch!
well someone told me about this program I can download (i forget what it is) and I downloaded it onto my laptop
Man! rly considering skipping my last class. had exam last time whats the chances of a quiz today? Its too nice to sit inside 2 more hours!
Things are really setting in, just hope its not gonna be to late...
Thanks for the follow :)
yes, at lunch, in back of room, to left
That was awesome.
I don't even remember falling asleep yesterday
Fake people ^__^
thank you! Succinct honest brevity is my specialty! Hey isn't BS located right around the corner from us?
thanks and very curious to try; of all white grapes, Chenin takes SO2 in a funny way (at least, I think so).
Two auditions next week!
yeah austin.. we havent talked to you in forever :(
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (chandanweb)?
"Helen Keller was a communist."
Who? How? The revenue is reinvested to subsidize poor women. No one pockets the money. Ignorant.
Sushi lunch date
Little Vagina on the Prairie
Marvel Only Tournament Tonight! Message me on XBL: BEATDOWN Stream. I will add you to the brackets.
But of course! Looking forward to more. Cheers –
its really the happiest place love people watching all the smiles
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Okay, thanks anyhow
Day 2 of senior thesis presentations for my students (in front of a panel of faculty and the student body) and thy're all killing it.
Has anyone tried iced or frozen hot chocolate? If so, how was it?
I like the simplicity of the logo, but I have no idea what it is. Perhaps b/c I'm not a whiskey-making-person?
DAMN...BABY GOT BACK...
Member ticket reservation is at noon tomorrow (Wed) for Fri's epic matchup with Philly. Be there. Still some left to buy, as well.
looks like I'll be spending my Saturday morning doing live #socialmedia coverage of a puppy training class in Springfield, VA
Did you hear that thud? It's the sound of darkness falling--at 5 pm. So long daylight savings time, we'll see you in April.
Sorry too say it , I don't wear any makeup . My face is just cleaar .
Taught my 4 year old brother how to dougie.
I've been following you for a month and you still haven't followed me yet? *sheds tear*
Baylor has now doubled us up, 48-24. Can't believe I just typed that sentence.
I have decided I will visit Mayfair tomorrow it sounds so good
okayy then clue me in on what we're doing because I have no clue
left me . AND Jerome. i feel no love </3
Thanks so much! Let me know if you've got any good book suggestions! Trying to sort out setting out channel partnerships now.
Thanks for the #FF mention! Hope you're having a great weekend :)
Starships were meant to fly. Hands up and touch the sky<3
Closed another annual open enrollment session. Thanks to everyone for making it happen!
section reverted to such eloquence as "suck it, Milwaukee!"
Helen Tibbo attributed "make it work" to someone other than Tim Gunn - sacrilege!
#hitwestival where is everyone going? Drinking and hanging!
Who created the Internet?.....A BLACK MAANN! WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
We got yer back, sweetheart.
You are your brothers keeper...learn to care and pray for someone else!
Won't jump off a cliff, but still feeling pretty 'eh' about it.
Until the day I see a blonde guy in a range rover, consider yourself lucky!
thanks for the
get it!
$1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!! $1 MARGARITAS TONIGHT !!! #MARGARITAMONDAYS IN THE MIX !! COME CHILL !!!
Wish you were there? Cowboys Stadium for big second half?
Remember the proverbial, "Cleanliness is next to Godliness." Good to keep in mind when considering protecting against Swine Flu.
: watched you play and your amazing. hope you go to win a national championship in college. But win it at KENTUCKY!!
lol I didn't have ur number saved my bad
Aww! Thank you! =D
We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it or worse, they might.
..how come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far i fall ...
If you are in #PanamaCity and wanna link up, DM Us
#honestly If you sign up to the schwimmies RIGHT NOW make a profile. We will post a pic and comment your number and i will call u right now!
QWiPS will be at ESPN the Magazine's #NEXT event to deliver exclusive event content/celebrate all that is #NEXT in sports.
Cowards kill me. Especially pretenders who are cowards.
Glad I stepped in a pothole on the way home, reaggravating the bum ankle.
Fuckin Showtime. Next friday. come get down. :] at the marquis, hit me up for presale ticks.
#atlanta painters plumbers roofers handyman contractors please follow us and sign up on eBidjob. To find more jobs.Then look for launch.
hi all how are you thing ok but cloudy
MALAYSIA U CAN DO IT <3 <3
how was it?
or "is Your two-year old smarter than Mitt?"
Squawky baby made watching paper sessions hard, ballroom for joy mountford keynote good venue for bouncing her around
say swear.
BRASS BELT BUCKLE!
i got all these haterz man and i dont kno y
The rumors are true. I do moonlight as a cat.
And my sister goes and dickrides .
Me too!
wearing my jacket, being cold and having a lazy IT dude are all reasons for a good Monday ;)
you tell em chest hair!
Christopher Guest troop will be the highlight of the night. But wherewas Michael Mckean?
