On the road heading back home. . Looking forward to getting in the studio this week
Kudos for your definitive statement! I'm not so bold - there's at least 1 perfect movement for every shade of emotion.
Great #Brewers commercial with in it haha definitely
Teachers think we have no lives and all the time in the world -.-
who ever invented antibiotics..HIGH FIVE ! feeling like
puttin in work for my studio session on friday
Packing, sorting for tonight's flight. Want to carry some books but not enough room. "Rest Is Noise" or "2666"?
lets have phone sex
Busy, busy, busy!
Sounds like a good idea for a compilation.
and you picked something classy like American Pie? *how are we related?*
i'm really excited! just nervous at the same time because i'm a perfectionist & i don't want to miss opportunities and stuff.
“: Giant SUV, windows up, buncha folks smoking cigs inside. Open up, oh, a 6 year old too! Ignorant fucks. Poor kid.” Hate that!!
All White party next weekend time to get what I am exactly going to wear...
Directioner Forever ❤'(: always dedicated to Ian , Barry , Hughy, Kyle & Wayne ;D
How often do you post on social media on the weekend?
Spend time with family when home, not the shredder... Call A1 Shredding to schedule an appointment... Best prices...
Yeah but you said most. Which is a lie because almost all of us aren't "Annoying".
Heading out to Tonic Ball tonight?? Stop by and see us! Open til 8p!
Goals? Dm me
It's raining. Can't decide whether I want to go to sleep, listening, or to go outside in it, dancing.
McCain's response to HBO 'Game Changer' similar to Dr. Frankenstein pleading to the pitchfork and torch bearing villagers about his monster.
u know it! The big three can suck it!
Current question is for : Is providing a smooth purchasing experience easier for large chains or small businesses?
Followed ya!!
Hey anyone interested in getting together in LA to discuss a big knit project I am trying to pull together.
The official Hierosonic website can now be accessed via .com, .net, and .org addresses.
Please check me out. If you have any more questions, post them on my Fb and I will answer personally. Thanks!
SPOT LED LENSER CONTEST :: What award did the X21 just win this year?
Me too that be a fun job to name them RT : I love the fun names for nail polishes too.
Apologies go out to anyone who recieved a message re: Name change ! There is no name change to JADES ESPRESSO...
Yup. I just have to tell myself that I'm getting paid to do it their way, ya know? It's just frustrating at times.
wearing black >>
Jewbots? RT : No love for the bots?! Autobots like Optimus Prime, enjoy tweeting too you know! Except on the sabbath.
Thanks! Let me know what ya think! :D
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the British ship Oreto left for the Bahamas, where she would become the CSS Florida.
Was this Kentucky's toughest road to the final four?
city of la just announced $16M bike share program w
I will be in Scottsdale March 16-18!! Get ready friends and fam!
we may come by if it's not crowded
Thanks for still reading us, Randy.
Scooter Decks Review RAZORJDBUG - razor ultra pro
since he is so patient with her she loves him to death but she sometimes invades his space but overall he is very considerate of her
i love my hubby Ezequiel!!!
"Dioramas, Dinosaurs, and the Occasional Odd Penguin" www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
KinectBot can detect nearby people and track their movements to understand where they want it to go.
I've found that most people use the terms interchangeably. Moving them to a taxonomy that tries to distinguish them will be tough.
I LOVE IT! :D
My grandma calls them 'bag-uhls.' It's a 'bay-gle.' I've seriously never heard anyone pronounce bagel phonetically before.
You have a lot of company.
Madonna's lip singing just isn't doing it or me. Has there ever been a decent half-time show?!
WOW! I guess he could have said L.A.
Library websites tend to be stitched together like frakenstein because of all of many products
Hey sweetie how your day so what you been up too I hope you have a great day
I almost forgot to wish everyone a Happy #CriminalMinds Day...And we know we're guaranteed another year of Happy Wednesdays! YIPPEE!!!!
Any thoughts on Twin Cities companies offer internships for local students? Student is from China, looking for TC marketing internship...
at sand island beach park.
We unloaded two kilns of majolica bowls in Lisa Orr's studio on Mon. Beautiful results! Thanks, Lisa, for letting us use your studio.
NY Resolution List: 1) smile at strangers more.
Oh yes!
Bringing the fam to RT : Where are you spending this evening - the biggest bar night of the year?
have fun
I swear every girl has a Starbucks addiction...
babe that sucks. Try drinking a bottle of liquor. U can take my word, it works. Lol
Join us tonight for late night happy hour & the music styling of Great White & The Captain (though the Capt. is stuck in Vegas) at 10pm!
unfortunatelhy we can't do it... Too many ropes to jump through.... Sorry Michelle
dear god, can you imagine a brontosaurus fart? It would knock you over!
dude im still laughing lmao wow
is too tired and won't talk to me
Hey there !! Thank you for hanging in there with Kevin! So appreciate all the support. Hope you have a great weekend!
Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them.
lmoa ima insert like a coin in the casino
Physical attraction is an important part of love but when relationship is dependnt on physical love alone problems will grow
Would be cool though. And Lee's "theory" would crumble.
Everything begins with a thought. Fitness is no different.
If you find another 24 hours, can I borrow a couple of them?
even the ones with the charming animal mascots?
Omg. Im OBSESSED with Temple Run.
Good for you!
I love how no one seems to realize they're on a TV show and happily discuss their "secret" hiding places.
Exodus 14:14 The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still. NIV Be Encouraged!
loved fantasy & reality. got me to thinking (standard scoring, pick 2): caddy, shonn greene, MJD, and/or jahvid best. Thnx!
Got u send us a website
Unfollow this page... Now and follow my new page
you never would have guessed that we were such crazy rebels but now our true colors have been revealed lol
can't wait for Millie's sausage and other amazing food this weekend!
Crazy - I literally pick by names. RT : I'll Have Another - props to who called the exacta in
RT : It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go. ~ Jim Rohn...
well I try but I just don't have a ride.
Have a productive week it is almost mid month. Blink and Feb is gone. Mondays rock when you plan accordingly.
A2: I use social media for connection & info - am writing an entire blog article based on info fr tweets one day. Great contacts.
Second student, Sanhita Dey, supporting libs. Points out museums & galleries have changed and so have and can libraries.
and I get to practice some of those manager skills :) I can thank Brenda for fighting to make my position as strong as it is.
Nice. Safe travels.
It's safe to drive. It usually just means one of the electronic sensors has reported something.
is going to rehearsal tonight...leave the baggage at the door!
mi love chocolate
it's also a case of idle hands makes the devil work. You are right, they are about to go in on him
Planning trip to #Miami for bachelorette weekend. Ideas anyone?
I'm trying to find the will to get up and row as I've done most mornings for the past 18 years. My want of resolve today is troubling.
Museum of Science in Boston, McAuliffe-Shepard Discovery Center in Concord, NH and Connecticut Science Center in Hartford
that's all you had to do for lifegaurd? I had to tread water for 2 minutes, swim 200 yards, & go get a brick 10 ft underwater.
Woo hoo! Thanks for the shout out & try our new happy hour menu - hint, carnitas street tacos are ridiculously good!
Robin,Thanks! My Monday was great even though it involved a funeral. I got to see a friend off & reconnect with old friends
Hey I heard you like the wild ones
LOL of course you would~
thanks to everyone for supporting Bloodycheckers !!
You got the Tonic? I got the Fifth. I'm not at the liquor store, I'm rehearsing w horns. Return to the 3rd.
Sam from The Glee Project is so HAWT i love his hair
I'm looking for an agent who will pitch me, who will follow up my auditions with a phone call and really pitch me! I work hard, promote lik…
sorry, actually what you mean to your friend?
Yeah luv u & there is nthin i cn do re it. its like suicide candy.. im in a drk ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
I am afraid what would happen if we entered that store together. I'm an enabler....
What time is rally tomorrow? and myself thinking about attending.
Working with Mr. Blood, building sound cues for "Sweetest Swing in Baseball." Big recording session this weekend for music Qs.
Impressively it was!
Recommended Book "Changing on the Job" by JB Berger - the book to ready on Developing Leaders for a Complex World
I herd some mexican lady tell her kid, chamaco pendejo! Lol
Thanks! Happy Thursday!
Don't talk about it...Be about it
Hell yeah! Peepers!
When the woman falldown, the man help her up
you should come great shopping, great food lots of fun people ! Hope to see you there :)
Heading to Kaiser for code for oakland today! Calling #code4oakland as
THANKS! shot with iphone4 & olloclip macro
Wheelwright on WR coach Zach Azzanni: '“He stuck with me, tried to contact me every day and we talked a lot. I really like that about him.”
Watching Ninja Warrior for the first time with with my mouth just hanging open. I need a BenGay rub down just watching them.
Right Wing Craziness. 'nough said
call em on that. :p
It is some UGLY ppl in that pulpit behind TD Jakes!
6.8. who knew ternary matching was so difficult?
I love to break up with guys while I'm on Xanax. That shits hilarious.
Lmfao bro, you're a lucky one
lol. Probably not. Most of my crap is for my wedding or my house. LoL.
Yeah Social Mondays at Stanton Social. Come thru!
I feel like would be a huge B-52's fan.
My papa just killed a spider w/ his bare hands, EWW!
of course
watching the Danny Brown documentary after school today...
I'm Tryna get beside u like the number 9, Dyme :)
Sycamore Land Trust seems 2 B working hard to B a reasonable advocate for Southern Indiana conservation issues, nice gathering 2nite - - JDG
pretty please, its for my mummy, its urgent ..
Want to work at Pinkberry? Pinkberry #NOLA is holding auditions tonight at 7 at 4034 Tchoupitoulas. Hope to see you there!
the BBTF Cocktail party currently has a WAIT LIST for an invite. Send Name/Company/Title to
Sponsors Tom Massey, Millie Hamner pitch efficiency of using multi-state tests, value of comparability with other states.
Sunshine state!
I'm in love with Buffy, I have every season plus special edition DVD, as well as a life size cut out
I would like to please please mentor
That sounds delicious! Are you and the fam out enjoying this gorgeous day!?
Okakura Kakuzo~ The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
haha true. Sister's wedding had me a bit distracted but I'm back in action!
I love you sm your beautiful
might have to watch desperate housewives to see what all the fuss is about.
Always a fan of new beers. Mariners suck.
Okay! Sounds like a plan! I'll message you my number of you don't already have it.
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 3
It was more of a collective "we." I have a cap, too!
there are just so many great books out/coming out! I can't help it!
😃happy mothers day to you mon.. Enjoy it and be safe 💓✌
I was just thinking about posting that 1st one on here but I thought you might die.
I should've quit my job(s) and joined this week.
Be sure to check out a Moosehead game while you're in Halifax.
Nice to meet you, too! I'll be thinking about possible collaboration ideas.
maybe if we lick all the nacho off, and somehow extract the spices of cooler ranch, we could put them together?
Waiting waiting waiting. For the big manning announcement!
I don't get what the 'disclosure' would be about NBC or CityBeat. Shea reference seemed gratuitous. Who tweeted that?
I BEG YOUR PARDON?!?!?!
Man just when i thought it wasn't going to work out the Lord showed up right on time. smh at my lack of faith
Man. Two birds makes for a stoned one. One being me.
Why have you replaced what used to be great Milwaukee-style humor with nothing but lame, potty-mouth rants?
Been watching a classic WWE DVD I got from Half Price so that helped. Been productive but still not right.
And I have like the cutest bathingsuit ever !
Working on business plan for a new company. Need developers for website! Contact me!
damn u bird!
Cheeseburger in Paradise! Jimmy Buffet.
yes! #glee is on tonight finally a high im my low.
“: I have 25 students in my Geometry class ... NINE of them didn't bring a pencil to our test today.” can u graph that ratio?
listening to the walkmen for a while was a good re-charge before the post game festivities tonight
Maybe rather than complain about the color, players should really focus on surface quality. This mess could damage careers
I understand y when some people are diagnosis with certain conditions y they don't become kinder but meaner due to their frustration
We'll be at #bxd10 too!!
Are you a Man? Be sure to Follow to prove it! Great, Funny and Interesting tweets all day!
A lot of things happening stay tuned to our Facebook and Myspace! Also spread the word about us!
This time Thursday I'll be in Cabo with a glass of wine in my hand ... Or perhaps a tequila.
Boeing will fly astronauts to the International Space Station aboard a new private spaceship as early as 2015
...would like to travel through the minds of Aaron McGruder Takashi Okazaki and right now.
How do you get a day pass to the pool? This sounds like an awesome summer day plan... :)
There are people who have money and people who are rich. -Coco Gabrielle Chanel
happy birthday ! love you with all of my heart, have a a great day<3
I'll bet watching a bookseller trying to do proper double entry accounting is like seeing a monkey attempt...double entry accounting.
True, he likes the heat  RT wade been gettin cooked all night tho
Members of the public from the City of Fremont are giving comment at Commission meeting.
Are you going to pay $300 for the new LeBron X?
My name's kevin! I'm gonna follow you! I'm gonna follow u on Facebook! I'm gonna follow you on twitter
so true!
ONE THING IS ON THE RADIO NOW?? Since when! Damn my not listening to the radio... :/
O... yay! Can't wait to meet you!!
My dad, always bribing me to do the right thing c:
Games actually count today, best of luck to everyone and stay healthy
They don't know 'bout me and you!!
Despite all the Google+ updates, viewing links in mobile Safari still results in too many redirects.
Pacers head to MIA to #BeatTheHeat and Andy Pettitte makes his return to the Yankee line-up. Today is going to be a great day.
#FridayReads is MIDNIGHT RIOT (apa RIVERS OF LONDON) by Ben Aaronovitch. So far, quite witty & intriguing.
I love Hostess cupcakes.Ok i said it , What a friggin unfunny person i am!!!????
My 5,000th tweet goes out to this kick ass night I'm finna have with this live music. *Rhythm And Blues Shawty
living in the UK is so not dope
ugh indeed. Internet is now right up there with potable indoor water for me.
Kowirth Designs. All your Web and Graphic Needs. Follow them
LOVE IS UNPREDICTABLE
that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that gov't of the people by the people and for the people shall not perish
I can be your tan-legged Juliet, you'll be my redneck Romeo, oh baby you can find me in the back of a jacked up tailgate.. #cmafest2012 aahh
Omg, please don't tell me Battiste is full man...that's gonna hurt my heart lbs.
When do you think you'll have decision on postponement?
lol that was so weird.Not sure why but right after I tweeted u,I got retweeted by "Lover" from Seoul,South Korea lol
I miss the #usguys chats too! I've been doing all sorts of things and less chat
don't get an attitude with me kido.
Hank Aaron is speaking at Marquette's commencement ceremony. This is the one time where I am remotely envious of that school.
Missed on that type....2-19 for Miller and Gallo.
Good morning! Today is our first day of school~ Best of luck to all of our students!
Big meeting tomorrow official Havnot b-nezz
LET'S GO SIXERS!!!!! this is a nail biter.
I'm a fail lmao .__.
Hey guys go follow my girl she is awesome !
Where have you been all my life
So excited that other #KC tweeps are on #seatweetup!
He Said Billy Looks Like Him :O -___-
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson <3
"Three gumballs is way too many." -, after stuffing his face with gumballs
dale papa
Got Sonic?
: We’re glad you enjoyed our Grand Opening last week! Please share your photos!
Whoa! #margincall is out! Happy Christmas for me... And a friend or two!
Blasting down I90. Impromptu Saratoga Springs road trip.
What da hell is so funny
“: i work very close with hm...maybe?” I work for a diabetes supplier. We will Co-Support!
any openings in your agency frank? :)
So much for being the perfect couple I put in overtime, I was working doubles I wish you the best, good luck boo Weezy F, for f-ck you'
Celebrating Timothy Christian Schools' 100th Anniversary at the Field Museum. Awesome.
i miss it too. & i didnt get judged back then
RT : Scrub-a-dub fundraiser June 24 at CleanPro Detail in Bear DE. Car Wash and drive for baby bath supplies!
I swear to god, next person to tell me what I'm doing is wrong, I am going to beat the shit out of them!
Week -- Triangle Restaurant Week is this week! Dine out in Raleigh, Durham or CH and support CIS!
are your replies to people staged?? reply to me to show me they're real!!!!! <3 u kardashians!!!!!
What, you don't have all minute? :)
Agree. Just felt protagonist in MIDDLESEX was stronger and more complex than the ones in TMP.
Okay, I Believe You but My Tommy Gun Don't.
At Taco Bell in Medina with my daughter and three of her friends
Heat win and Tressel resigns....At least Snakes on a Plane is on FX!
I have no idea what I'm doing
classically crazy!!!!
You know what the new Spotify widget means? More mixtapes at Culture Brats. Mwahahahaha...
In ONE hour LIVE at the Living Room presented by (N Miami Ave/40th St) on ’s piano
playing new trier today! get pumped ladies, let's keep up that undefeated streak!
they dnt gave them any more !!!!!!!!
How fun! Love him.
If I ever get a tattoo, it's going to say "I'm hungry" because that's the only thing I know will still be true in 50 years.
Tune into FOX 6's Real Milwaukee at 9 a.m. to see organizer, talk about #slutwalkmke!!
Yes...all the time...TONS of comments! :-)
Or raising the price of anything by 700% negatively affects its sales. Either way.
I'm Making Money Now Waddup!!
May 16th at 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv for a huge comedy contest if you want to get in FREE let me know!
we've got 4 questions for you: 2. Imagine the best possible Charlottesville. Describe it.
oh boy. Well...at least it wasnt like freezing in front of 200 prospective students!
haters make me famous
Heading back to the "bubble"
Good morning. *hiccup
Im too tired... this old lady is going to bed
coffee received
best updates by far...
Where u off 2?
From the GYM straight to the pizzeria o IT'S TRUE THAT'S HOW I GIVE IT UP
Guess there's a solution to every problem 😉
YUP! Funny how Soriano is getting all that $$$ and DRob is way better
Hi! We're performing next door to you on 5/4 & venue lacks rm for our casual reception afterward. Might Nubar work for us?
Last day of a raffle for a gently used die-cutting machine. Interested? Email . Winner will be picked tomorrow!
just a reminder the Verizon campsite is best!
Thanks for the follow!
., rodeo, and tonight at Count. Me. IN. Who else is coming out for that?
Is it possible to run 100+? great, I will look around...where would I look? Thanks!
thank you and followed. make sure to send me an email with your favorite songs!
I'm hungry. Where is dwayne???
listening to pandora?
Thx 4 connecting! For free 30-minute nutritional breakthrough session, contact me: www.eating4achieving.com. Best, Irene
Think win-win
lmao yeah. I'm kinda known as a bad ass :P
Alright, get ready to feel. Going to see MTC's Wit tonight!
retweet 2night its going down 50cent coronas&wells till12am special guest Fat Joe afterparty, corona n concert giveaways
#FF for top notch photos ( and tons of info about photography )
Could you please record younow if you can? Because of the time difference it will be like 12pm and i have tests all day,<AB
Every viral video of "kid doing cute/funny thing in car" makes me cringe from seeing how horribly they are buckled in.
Bro you always writing dem naked ones lol
MIDDAY POLL: Apple Juice or Orange Juice?
hahaha so true now that you say that. Re: Redford and Pitt
My streak of not having a valentine is still in tact. I dont know why im $uch @ b3 qu33n.
I HAVE MIND DO YOU HAVE YOURS.
RT : I gonna think about that one!! U not touching this 100% pure Chocolate man
Watching people watching footchball is my idea of fun
Archery lovers, and newcomers, too, test their skills - The Register-Guard
Bridal event saturday. Loads of brands and some other vendors at Sephora Union Square in NYC!!!!!❤💗💜💙💚
Why can't I spell tonight? I feel like a dumbass with my tweets not making sense >.<
Dodgers record not including today. 10-3.
“: Hang with people who lift you up, separate from those who take you down” amen! F*$k the rest.
Forgive me all, especially : "Aeneid"
is a jet's pizza employee...
Thanks so much for the follows!
It seemed obvious to me at the Sr. Bowl that Dalton lacks the prerequisite arm strength/zip needed to succeed.
Only midnight and we have a full house!! We keep the party going!!
The real life version of the family from "The Fighter" is on my train right now. I think I can make it 3 more stops...
wow, still $109 million less than the broadway production ;)
i meant play Baseball haha sorry
Nice to hear from you How are you?
Sure, I'll hop on
There are going to be times when you don't have access to a guitar. Like when you're handcuffed. - Michelle Shocked
Thanks for the shout out on the posters. Glad you like them. Maybe we make a out of one!
don't even tell you know he's mine. You get Harry.
I was really hoping for a Zeller-free NCAA. Thanks for nothing.
my hair needs to grow longer!
Mom just let me get my license already
Happy #EarthDay everyone I am at my way to #San diego earth fair. Come and celebrate this day with us at balboa park
Idk if there is anything I hate more than horoscopes. And the people that tweet them.
"I'm not an issue. I'm a person" -lance Mullins. "the risen Christ comes to us as a person not a dogma or a theology" -Campbell
...and after Lebron passed, who was the ball going to?
Same here, but my motto is simple: I'll sleep when I'm dead. lol.
you already know polo all day hima u cant get fresh like me cause u dont have a girl well sorry to hear that
Football game tonight (:
The best of times
": The next free day for Illinois residents is this Wednesday, April 11."
bullshit that he blew it dead anyway.
but then we'd be
Recent survey shows 72 percent of patients bleed during dental cleaning, signaling an open wound & pathway to infection. www.closys.com
Thanks guys! I promise you Maria will show her soft side soon!
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
The Time Is Now, Fuck All That Waiting Nigga.
Welcome back
ehhhhh u can find a better use for your time lol.. like by watching Reservoir Dogs or He Got Game!
Sure. What's on your mind?
I always wanna get my work out/run in the morning to get it over with but my hair is always a damn mess.. Oh well hello neighbors! *waving*
The River SDSU Dream Team is awesome!!! Just got done with a leadership meeting, love these guys!!!
RT : Hey folks- Now updating #mybxb list of promising online community news sites! With big help from See at...
the people at #Days were fools for letting them go... It still upsets me, & I haven't even watched the show in 6 weeks or so.
starts around 11 I think..If have internet access now look it up on programming!
I wish i had a boyfriend, the stars in the mountains are so beautiful tonight it would be better to share them with someone.
you will fall in love at UNT by knowing us.
everyone is beautiful<3 boom.
Sunday Haiku: Dog pooped in tub / Power outage is real / I'm sweating on couch. cc:
WOWZERS. That felt like forever to follow everyone back... But it's done... So.. Who likes ? ;D
Warren will counter with photos of she and Obama at her tribal council MT O includes Obama in positive way in new ad
Aww, bummer: The Blue Cross RiverRink is closed this evening due to the weather. (Am I the only one wishing this rain was snow!?)
Need some kush
Omg so happy glee is making a mash up of my 2 fav songs by the best singer Adele "Rumour Has It" and someone like you awesome
Of course! What can you tell me about Meltwater and how you're different from competitors?
That face!
Have you made your calls yet?
": #WaysToGetWomenMad ; throwing a surprise welcome home party when she returns to the kitchen" omg why is this so funny
The internet made alternative realities possible in an age right on the edge of yesterday's shelter and today's zoo. O schizophrenia.
Its hot As hell today.. DAMN
Nice job on latest Vista. Captures the college experience I remember choosing: challenging expectations on every front.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to starting this summer!
Constantly clearing my throat. Allergies, begone!
uh no I saw one before... at the zoo lol
#wheniwaslittle i would have my barbie dolls fuck eachother.
The right thing to do when you become an icon in your field is to pay tribute to the legends before you.
Should have known anyone I let close to my heart will just end up leaving me behind.
I wonder if Twitter will eventually get British & Canadian people to drop the extra "u" in certain words.
I'm doing great :D hbu?
on the bright side I am planning on coming this year!
Game of Thrones on HBO...phenomenal show! Explicit violence, sex and murder! Must: be accompanied by a parent or guardian if you're under 55
How much do you spend per lb. on grass fed/finished ground beef?
I don't know what's up with me giving handshakes to everyone in my school.
Life is a gift. Never take it for granted. -Sasha Azevedo
7th hour being an hour << I refuse to sit in the courtyard for an hour
Considering Spotify upgrade, if only to avoid jarring juxtaposition of "The Best of George Strait" ads with listening to Daft Punk.
Random stat: over 16k hours of on Digital Audio Tape so far from 33 organizations in the American Archive Inventory
on our way. Save a seat for a sconnie (tm)
- nice! How often do players get to draft? I wants to get up in the dribbblez!
Junk is something you've kept for years and throw away three weeks before you need it. - unknown
Excited about Opening Day! I can't wait to hear John and Suzyn call the Yankees game on the way home. Can't believe I just wrote that.
you're so gay
Wow the Baltimore orioles and 19 and 9 buckshower has got them birds playing
How are you today?;)
Enjoying and on !!!
just brought a copy of 1993's "Curiosities" to CD baby for digital distribution.
Your professional network was outdated as of this morning. What have you done today to keep your network growing and vibrant?
The Gustav Potthoff exhibit moved to the Maple Room because of wind. Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
be ready for pancakes & maple syrup + hot X buns! shame won't be here in time to come too
sorry I missed it, next time!
when is the science lab due ?
Big Bang Theory marathon on my dvr :)))
text me!
let do the interview
Digital picture frame set up...now to see if I can keep Eli's curious little hands off of it.
Come by Madison No Fear Dentistry tonight for our Halloween Candy Buy-Back Program! The event is from 4-6pm & benefits Operation Gratitude!
Mascot Tip #20: Restrict the length of session to 20 min in costume. Then get away so you can take off the head and relieve heat. owly/9TlHf
Where will lance teammates come from for his new team?
really rachel and finn are getting married.... oh glee! this is crazy!
U better #dress up cuz I don't want to be the only one looking
...stays safe tonight. Last tweet got cut off
Im a Packer fan so go Steelers.
"He is so dumb, he thinks an agent is someone who keeps track of your age!"
Related: When you put melted chocolate on ice, it will not stay melted.
are you still looking for new artist? i send them tracks to you soundcloud can i have your email address
thanks for r the shout-out!
The fact that we partied til the sun came up is just... =/ Horrible life decisions were made lol...but for real =(
#stophateiJever and star loving he #peace&love :D
You're like dandruf, I can't get you off of my head.
Chris sucks my boob. 😃
Get your Echo1USA guns ready! Contest in a bit!
if you have an iPhone check out the vocabsushi app-lets you learn vocab from books... Incl frankenstein! Perfect for your quiz
whoa awesome moose
so I'm waiting on my music from hope I get some when I get to NY
Didn't Vinny say he was going to Cali in May?
waiting in LAX for plane - painful
I remember :)
yu are at times
I follow them now!
FX! Just went to halftime
Its game time... Who you got
congrats!! happy to see you stay in detroit
I need to learn the twitter lingo...
partially because of fear but mostly because no one thinks u important enough to listen to in real life. So, u attack cause thats
thanks for the follow
So I lasted 24+ hours not tweeting.. That's a long time, I'm done avoiding twitter. Just gonna move on with life.
Corpser...I do not want to face you.
I can't believe you didn't know that!
Happy Opening Day, Tribe fans! With you at Progressive Field in spirit!
wtf are you talking about
Cool video, but I don't see why it would cause me to purchase from VZW. From Google, it's GSM, unlocked, and no contract.
I will be at Monroe & Dearborn on Thursday at 1:30.
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ........... SIKE !
and to think Disney channel thought about this years ago!
Am I the only man that has a tuff time choosing between ass & titts
Learned a new rear delt exercise today. Lovin the new burn!
Great! Follow me back and we can DM on logistics!
This is how we grow.
all I can say is DAMN it was right to him... Let's go TEBOW
thank you :)
“: Wait till you see the idea I infused with your golden eye for our 7inch!! Sooki sooki ” 2 easy to play w/ those words
no its not. Are you retarded? Kobe has 5 rings. He doesn't have to play another lzick of bball to close his historic legacy
RT : Thank you and for coming down all the way from Jacksonville & showing the FFYR love!
yup :) me and my friend have a joke where whenever someone says "you" we say "Darvish"
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹💋💋💋
is just to sexy!!!!
With smart group to talk biz challenge of social. More discussion needed here (the economics)
Hi All, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Museums - what Social Media platform do you like the best to get the word out about your site, your programming, your collections?
We've been demanding a cure since the 80's. Unfortunately, we haven't gotten that much need break through yet. It will happen.
GO AHEAD. nerf guns dont hurt.
i'd try to be nicer... but i already tried that! :P #fixmystuff!
just found a picture of me and at the christmas market in rome... totally miss that.
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
#LakersorThunder Belief: Thunder in 5. Statistically: Thunder in 6
Im just sayying...you can doo better
ikr I always say that before sleeping..
Nighty night! Over and out..
Never meant for things to be this way, but I can't blame anyone but myself.
ugh, so much. I hate that commercial
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to stop cutting kinda.
Started reading "Little Brother" today cuz Amie told me to.
FUCK!!!! GUESS WE CLOSE IT OUT ON SOUTH BEACH
Who wants to give me sum advice?
thank you!
Here we go
This guy across from me at the bar is on a date. Every three seconds I'm treated to a billowing and boisterous fake laugh at her jokes.
#wakeboarding in the morning #discgolf in the afternoon!
I am all for a imagery monopoly in the United States if the spy satellites are declared a public good and provide information for all
So...I'm bored is anyone on if so what do you want to do? :) ~Ashley
decor shoot. Very cool mystery themes atmoshpere.
Yeah, I gots work to do. Gotta go do promotion for my last 3 shows!
Working on dad's obituary...still hoping this is just some awful dream. Yeah.
I never want my camera to start making decisions for me. I love my camera, but it doesn't get a vote.
This school is full of jits I swear
Hey people! <3
Sitting Here B O R E D As Freak ! What You Doing !
#Pinerly is going to be great for people using as a social media tool. You can create campaigns and see real time analytics.
Got a case of the Mondays? We have a cure! Use promo code SOCIAL12 for 12% off your next #SweetJack purchase!
Have to get used to updating this thing. Sorry, I'm new to this.
Nick u r something to be talked about ur the "BEST"!!!
I don't think theres been a Michigan, Colorado, Penn State, or TCU players either...
after all they've been through would be a shame to give this one away...
R.I.P. Vidal Sassoon dead at 84
- where is this playing?
Thanks for the support and your RT!
oh and stuff on the Brighton campus too.
Keeping coverage on the minds of CA legislators at CCHI Day at the Capitol.
Enjoying the beautiful weather
going out with my dad & sister ^_<
THERE IS A REAL TORNADO TOUCHED DOWN ON LAND 20 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME. SOMEONE HELP WTF
How about the Prince and the Pauper with #TeaParty and #Occupy?
Lunchtime at Kings Southern delight in Mount Vernon
Ranger game with talkin smack about aka tha Mexican aka baby seal
"Where all my REAL niggas at?!" ...um, at home listening to REAL music. Thanks and goodnight.
Thank you!!(:
The clues that an Alexandria robber leaves after striking 3 times in one place. Details on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
It's alot of fun watching the Lakers getting crushed. I wouldn't mind another blowout at all.
MPT Cole gives credit to CMGR Ott for effort to push Imagine Austin project.
lmao he never talks about weird shit in our class...I half wish he would lol better than what I have to sit through
She say she fucking with me the long way
Broken is a great place to start over, not give up.
Game of Thrones starts tonite. WooHoo!!
The rematch is on. This race is starting to look a bit like Rocky 2 guys...
What are you writing and why should anyone read it?
It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep.
he also has a criminal record.
Yea, we have had know power throughout the day. Light went off at king soopers were i work early this morning.
My BIRTHDAY DINNER TONIGHT @ HOOTERS BEHIND WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7!! If you wanna hit the loud b4 we go in , dnt come NO later than 8
and smith is going along for the ride! 1st stop, ATL!
Saturday Diary / One home improvement leads to the next ... - Pittsburgh Post Gazette
In Ballard, hanging (ok drinking) with friends Love Seattle weather today! Best to reach me via text msg, no guarentees I'll check the net
yep. 72 wouuld love that temp. its 78 here but feels hotter. of course oven doesnt help. lol
we've limited the Nov.18 #lrncampphx tickets for this event at 200. Goal is to sell out w/a waiting list. :)
Love how one of my docs walks in to have an impromptu meeting & I'm rocking out to Afrojack haha
Nothing more than cowards who hide behind masks and anonymous websites.
oh my lord. One of a kind
is looking forward to hopefully auditioning for roles on the television series Hawaii Five-0, Off the Map, and The Glades. Happy Holidays!
I will be at Fort Bragg with my love who is stationed in the Army there. I will continue Marketing/SM consulting.
Try taking your MV with a meal, some vitamins are taken up in the body better with fat
She's your GIRLFRIEND, she's going to hate every girl you talk to. Don't be surprised.
You tell the same stupid story. Everyday.
BEST feeling!
Thanks to our friends at for a great time at ! Cheers!
Hello, we have a special today on large subs. Get 1 free when you purchase one before 11AM
should follow me back <3
my hair is something today. something.
We are hiring! If you know someone that would make a great Spa Coordinator send them our way! Ask for Sharla!
What's the deal with deciding to unfollow people for me on its own? I don't understand how this keeps happening.
In the snow St. Louisian drivers are about as competent as Floridian voters.
that was embarrassing ..
“: If u can't c ur belt u need help lmao” #SwagLife Follow: &
We are meeting Alan and Cara later this morning at the IHOP in Flushing
ohh I c... That stinks
People: Jennifer Aniston a no-show to avoid John Mayer grilling?
Crunchers has a bone to pick with you.
...koool bro, all is well on my side too....i gotta get you on some hooks soon bro !
haha - im pretty sure you're right
that's great! not much going on here haha
Presumably monopolies in different cities would have to do some horse-trading to terminate in each others' cities.
: Most def! I heard a lot of the guys are going to the store before they head to vista & are getting water balloons...
that's SENATOR Boxer. She's worked very hard for that title.
Having to go to a track meet at 6:30 in the morning <<<
Yay my other package is coming today :)
"In proportion to the size of the vessel of faith, brought by us to the Lord, is the measure we draw out of His overflowing grace."
I know! That's why I was disappointed that no one picked up the phone.
yeah sure
WORD SCRAMBLE:This sci-fi film out this June stars Charlize Theron&Patrick Wilson as explorers discovering the origins of mankind EHUEMSTROP
follow back boo
Belisle just carved the shit outta the meat of #brewers lineup. Team seems very average rt now.
wants some beerz
Grand Turino always makes me cry.
Not much of a NASCAR fan but go Matt Kenseth
Cheers to that!
Who spends 1500$ at a gas station? And who at a gas station would let someone spend that much without sayin 'hey douche, you're a liar' ..?
Pumped to experience my first #SCProm with
it truly is.
After years of using chrome, this last update has sent me running back to Firefox. So slow loadin things. Wtf Google
Did you know our co-founder is a U of Michigan MT grad? Have any questions for her?
I'm feelin' drained, unappreciated, unalleviated.
awww my 2nd fav from #disney!!! after #littlemermaid ;D RT : Lion king movie time! This movie always makes me cry! Tear, tear
Another blessed sun shine day here in Jacksonville FL. Sometimes we forget how blessed we are with our negative news media.
Yeah I know, & it's hard to let go because I honestly don't want to take him out of my life like that. But if it has to be +
We bake our most popular cupcakes everyday! Including Velvet Painting, Lemoncello, Whats Up Doc, and many more! We also have vegan options!
#ShoutOutToo everytime I see her I think she's super cute ^_^ guys hit that........ Follow button :)
when are you coming back in chicago i want too see you and austin again it s was so much fun :D
I have to see if I can move one city over in a weekend. What the he'll is the score of the Miami Chicago game. Every one is under arrest.
Damnit D-Rob
My body is sore from working out faq!
AT A SHOOT W/ ..HAIR BY Me, MUA Is , nails by ,fashion by
Need some cash for summer? We have a job opportunity for you! Come in to the store ASAP and we will hire you on the spot!
I will take Manuch's place on the radio. I graduate very soon. Bye Manuch you were good, but now you have lost it.
Don't count the days, make the days count. ~Mohammad Ali
So I know I shouldn't judge others but if you do something really stupid I have to say something.
"What's the Doughboy Afraid of?" -- it's a great story
This year's Exceptional Woman in Publishing Award goes to founder of # WLC2011
Why my father is a Dodger fan - Jackie Robinson 6-time MLB All-Star, HOF 1962 & so much more than baseball!
that's bs. That's what I think. Everyone needs to be responsible, but we should have a choice.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Peace, Love, & Happiness....Have a Blessed Good Friday!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Good job girls...
help me find a camera, and keep working on my website ;) Love ya!
If I had a million dollars to donate only to one cause/charity...I would give it to _______.
Amid Mountains Outside Beijing, Ruins With Romance
ok! Let's go. Lol
AJ Burnett???? Really 10Ks??? Where the hell was that when you pitched for the Yankees???
Good thing the diet is over, the veins on my biceps are sticking out, a bit too manly...
LibrariNerd: I had flashbacks to being mugged when a vendor blocked me from walking & his partner stood behind my shoulder. #sl ...
time to go to work
It's UC night at GABC. Every UK fan should be pissed. They haven't had UK night...
the Hub is hubbish!
Haha. What stories??
Wouldn't spend too much time thinking about it. After all, what does the Zooker know about title games or championships anyway?
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone. www.lindaswift.net
RT :Freddie Brown has agreed to terms with the Bengals and will be signing his contract later today-CONGRATULATIONS FREDDIE!
Hey, buddy. How's things?
But the press is 85% more likely to respond to press releases with zombies. I couldn't possibly lie about that.
It's 69 degrees in Denver and the Patio's at The Tavern are open! Come join us for some lunch in the sun!!
she was also the lady that helped me dye my hair green for years, so i think she has fluid expectations of appearances.
#followFriday Follow are the best!
Get through the dev ed requirements quickly so to gain the basic skills for success.
I paid for half of my phone, I had like $140 but my dad paid for the rest .
Ughh I completely agree ..I Love her :D
totally just failed at tweeting you so i'll try again... OMG DID YOU REALLY JUST WATCH NEW GIRL?! Glee was amazing, btw.
Let This MF'er Know It's Plenty Fish In The Sea
RT : Diet Coke and vodka females
game on fo sho. You in Illinois yet?
you really have problems... I love that
Swear the fam is rude.!
Marketers- My new review policy: 1. U send me stuff to review 2. I tweet how much I <3 your stuff 3. I sell your stuff unopened on eBay.
Count me in! ": let's try to die on wednesday !"
I don't have a hot tub... But I have a pool! You and the guys are invited haha (:
There are many forms of piggyback marketing, as you can find out by Googling the topic
Lemon now has a career high in receiving yards with (147).
I know!! I was like AHH! He's the 2nd out of the boys to get 3 million! :) :) I was so proud :')
Ameronica and palone will not lose here ! #LOCK Meadows
So basically, you're telling me to leave the office and open a bottle?
I'm still laughing at Harden throwing his elbow, slightly. He know he don't want it with that autistic man.
Ahh I want some nachos! :)
Waking up at 6 am tomorrow for this AP test.
i want to get a tattoo bhut im scared cuz it might hurt.....-___-
Guess what I get to listen to on the way to work this morning? Not CDs! Goodbye, ghetto, hello
I got CC and Gardner in my first draft last week. Felt good about that.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 25, 1950 George Richard Minot died he developed a raw-liver diet used to treat pernicious anemia. M, good!
Correction: the address is 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. Be there!
rightt rightt your funny you need to stop joking around :D
We are all robots, searching for a meaning. We are all robots, searching for a purpose.
That sounds incredible! Enjoy your #seder!
AP: Karzai says postwar agreement will seal 'equal partnership' between Afghanistan, United States.
Everyone's so full of philosophy and spirit on here..You make my day #lookin ass
Sorry but Batman is the only comic book character I like.
Have the love in your heart to donate a unwrapped toy to a child in need this year? Join our annual campaign to bring happiness to the...
Home safe and sound. That was weird.
xtina needs to set down that eggnog latte.
ONLY drink "water". No juice, soda, smoothie, shakes, or milk.
That awkward moment you fart thinking it will be silent but it isn't (.__.)
which would you rather "reading the most interresting book in the world?" or kicking back and relaxing to the sweet music of JDB !!!!! <3
RT : So, iTunes sales account for 4% of Apple's revenues. How much of that is iBookstore sales? Right.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 4-6 years of law firm experience in banking finance corporate transactional matters
Yep. Already been to twice with . The catfish was good!...I was surprised there's no Bank of America here!
I miss college
"How do you do them making love for the first time?" Director Bill Condon says of the making of "Breaking Dawn" ...........
Great day for yard work w/ the yard ready for the garden! Such a nice day in the NW!
22% Of customers are getting response via sm # naccm
V is preparing to roast a whole chicken. Me: "that's too much gore for me, I'mma go watch game of thrones"
Happy mothers day to all you muthas May it be wondrous and include French toast and French kissing too Except my mom that's just gross :))))
I'm looking forward to seeing you Wednesday night here in Orlando.
oh a possum? Eh not too bad then. There's too many of those rabies infested creatures anyways
hope you enjoyed your 'flash dance' today! Happy Early Birthday!
Can't wait til monday:) #oomf(:
There are still many that go unpunished. I'm sure you saw the doc film "Inside Job." All of those sociopaths are free.
Short shorts and a skin tight wife beater only works on cute girls or a marathon runner, not a fat 60 something guy.
Beautiful dawn I'm just chasing time again. Thought I would die a lonely man, in endless night
How can anyone not be a Burn Notice fan?
Mom: Sam what are you doing? Me: My homework Asian mother! Mom: Okay just don't disturb the neighbor. Me: Only you mom. Mom: What's "lol"?
I really, really wish we didn't have two airports. Every time I roll up to DFW, I half-expect to pull out my ticket and see Love.
To quote , "New Jerusalem / that's short for New Jersey" MT Broncos QB Tim #Tebow traded to New York
Props to anyone who made it through the walsh college meeting ...
I've prayed on it and taken steps towards it......let's see what happens
Let me squeeze those melons
nights when your alone and you just think about everything>>
that is devastating to hear. I'll be praying. Are they saying it was SIDS?
With danny at the Canal. Its so nice. Wearing my chacos
uh Maggie was a little more obnoxious but she wasnt like annoying I liked them both
hit my line
why was he in the outfield...?
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and watch this space for proms news Jan 28th 2012
My #earnesttweet was too soon. The story will run soon, but not tonight.
proud to announce we'll be doing a feature on
I respect the people that don't give a shit what others say about them.
Cool! RT Posted another "Seen in the Wild" picture of Mobile Interface Theory. Here, taken by at a cafe in Portugal
Rebooted with no luck, happens on totally random sites. Maybe I need a digital exorcism.
Parents, what is your favorite thing to do with your children? Encourage them to #playfaithfully!
I really need to get off, I'm laughing at myself again.. See you tomorrrroww at SCHOOL
Am I the only one that noticed spin move with mop showing Lou how its done? Missed those dance moves so hope tour comes soon.
Needs a gym in the sandy springs/dunwoodyumc area for the with of june 18. Please email us if you have a lead. Thanks
you iz pretty
Cleaned and rearranged my room! :)
yeah. The ending is weird lol
Tomorrow...cant wait!
I was actually just thinking the same thing! Catch up soon.
My science teacher told me and Alisha to get a hotel room cause we were sleeping next to eachother? Lol alright if that's how that works
Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow! But beforehand we're trimming the fat! To those we've recently followed, please follow back! Or you're fired!
We have 2 shows in the works. 3/30 in MKE (bands/venue TBA), 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and & more
“: you got some good ones going!” 👳
Still so many places left on this world to see I hope to see you soon #freeWine is always nice
FYI Celtics; I'm locked-in to a family outing on Saturday. So there just CAN'T and WON'T be a Game 7. Finish it tonight....lol
Following that, we'll be doing episodes on serial killers, monsters, and finish off the month with a 2 part Romero-thon.
Great! RT : We should be live within the next couple of months, thanks for joining us! Have a great weekend!
too bad i think mustaches are sexy.
I hear #pizza #nurse #yogurt #cliffdiving #salsadancing but no #twitterfilming dates/locations =D
followed back ;)
Thanks for the follow; looking forward to sharing.
Fucking lying professors seriously how the fuck do you give a take hone final that is due in less than 4days
Mild? You've clearly never travelled on the underground during rush hour!
Stay at a fancy hotel in Beverly Hills for 1 night and use the rest on good food and wine in the country
Well, it certainly looks fun :)
bruh Ima stop in atlanta around the first week of June Lmao ur silly Kam
I don't believe it is.
Too much grape in my cran-grape this morning.
Anything Knicks rumors?
Enjoying the screen sharing features of latest version of Skype, Beta 4.1
so true. I am nicer. Deven just didn't know me back them. Fml.i don't wanna be a 5th wheel. #that'sawkward
May the 4th be with you...
Why are words so influential? Probably because their basically the only means we use
The Lannister's in has to be the weirdest family in the history of families, fictional or non-fictional.
great article!
Who knew Commissary was such a scene? What's a good, quiet coffee shop with Wifi in West Hollywood?
brandon marshall. he seems to live off of his natural talent/tools too often. I think the sky is the limit for him still.
when you're foot is asleep<<<< oMG
RT : niggas with parts n they hair # stop dat<--they think they nas
nothing what about u
Worth a stroll even!!! So many rabbits and eggs...
I wouldn't be surprised. They are amazing over there.
Francis Gurry, D-G of #WIPO at #InternetSociety #GlobalINET says voluntary registration of copyrighted material is indispensable for future
I want to get more tattoos. A krylon spray can
California has some terrific smells in it.
I'll need more time to work into modern art. Tell your mom to hold on for me!
We are excited to announce the Technology Fundraising Program sponsored by Lost My Debt.net, LLC. Visit rightdirectioninc.org for details
That would be great, thank you. We'd like to see some discussion of the major themes.
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
TC gonna be lame after my class leaves.
Next question: Which Steinbeck novel should I start with? Can I borrow one from you?
I actually have Butterflies in my stomach, I'm that excited. I'm a fucking geek.
Falling In Reverse Raised By wolves Video on repeat for the of the day(:
The Sun--just touched the Morning--/The Morning--Happy thing--/Supposed that He had come to dwell--/And Life would all be Spring!
My coworker thinks I'm dumb cause I wanna get a diamond in my ear. Lolololllll *shrugs*
Jada is right behind her though RT : Where are her parents? Who allowed this?
I really hope that men know just how hard women work!! We seem to have stuff to do every minute up till we close are eyes to sleep!
I'm barely on my way home <3 I love him
Don't you mean though he was a Quayle?
I tried to explain to her that its not as bad now as it was how ever many years ago but she wouldnt listen!!
okay. officially going to lose it. right now.
And I honestly do see the needs in between cause Im never satisfied wit what I got, thankful YES I thank God everyday
Thanks to all the people following my friends.
I try to be optimistic. RT : you didn't actually expect logic, did you?
Here a few quick tips I use to keep myself looking fabulous during the holidays.Get a Colonic - This helps cleanse your body internally givi
Thank you for your support!
#IWishYouKnew how much I miss the old you ...
i feel like im gooing crazy!! help!
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Look at you John's(Elway& Fox) you should have heeded my advice and released the Tebow,now it's too late because Orton hears a boo...
This kid who got vd from putting a condom in his mouth he found on the playground is why I don't watch local news. fox7
Has anyone else been noticing the SPAM on Pinterest? How annoying! Is there nothing sacred?!?!
He voluntarily checked himself into alcohol treatment, and made it public. Not easy to admit, not easy to battle.
Lips are 100 times
My feet hurt, someone massage them for me.
Dilemma of cooking for holidays @ another house: 'Real Lemon' or no lemon at all? How does 'real' come out of a plastic bottle?
RT Tim Collins quietly having nice season for #Royals. 19/3 SO/BB, all four runs allowed came in one outing.
I wish I had one of those vibrating massage things. I sure would use it right now!!
where did you get this so called 'application". is it real? graduation i mean...haha
its disgusting how many episodes of man vs. food i could stomach.
My favorite time of the day is when I first wake up in the morning during those 6 seconds before my life catches up & hits me.
Fri 4/27 7-9p join me Zinc Bar 82 W 3rd St (Thompson and Sullivan).Hear my 2new songs.Sit,relax,hear indie artists produced by RAD.Free.
My mom is such a stupid bitch.omfg.
well u are always there
I'm totally using this.....
lol we looped the growl today in ADR. U could make some $ of that thing
Feeling like a Smart Worker! Thanks for a great session on Social Media and Workplace learning.
Yesterday our kitchen faucet stopped working. Apparently we upset the plumbing equilibrium in our house by getting the toilet fixed.
Want more outta life? Well ask yaself whats stopping ya then eliminate it
Thanks for the great tweets!
THX for all your support of EcoClean! We appreciate!
I want to be remembered as the guy who made everyone laugh and always crossed streets with confidence.
nice picture! <3it!
Host brings the best to #ScholarsThursday tonight. After 9 pm, we've got live music, poetry, trivia and great deals!
for my man but he's sellin out !!😭
Sir, I don't think that'll be necessary
me I luv 
Hi Joe! Good to see someone else from #GSU on Twitter. I am in the ENGL Dept. Are you at the Exchange or CIS?
oh and thanks for following! :)
makes sense.
The waiting game is never good, especially in those situations. Hope all goes well!
BB: Eagles will face Friday at 10 am in Fond du Lac in an elimination game in the Tournament.
Taking care of multiple business meetings tonight, and having a GGC team meeting to get on track for the up coming months!
So apparently I'm way too old for week night Reds games. Feeling like I got hit by a truck this morning. #caffeine please!!
Thank you for the kind words, Paolo. We're very glad you enjoyed dining with us. Look forward to seeing you again.
Maybe Sunday..after b with the b..i'll drive around with some gummy bears in my pocket while "Yello" blasts from my ride.
Take note, its not long until this will be the same in the US -.-
Voltaire as a mentor: navel gazing that delivers, charming depth, disdain of dull people who take themselves too seriously.
You are so right. Especially something so amazing! Is it just tix or did she win the entire trip?
STAY STRONG <3
trying to send u a dm can you follow so i can do that?
"Love, Live, Life, Proceed, Progress" - Lil Wayne
I'm the beat glasses even Austin said so ;D
lolz its cool
rpm ! Ultimate Super AirSoft BB machine gun
ha, i do! :p i love finding tweeters on here that are from the same place as me. (:
Council now hearing further discussion on CREG Center and options.
no one MF get back to Chicago
yo u dropping 30 tomorrow b?
u can txt me but im not talkin bout it on here
Anyone else hear that irritating noise in the background like someone trying to dial a phone or something?
Guess what just passed me on The Embarcdadero...a unicycle!
Stunned by the disconnect between "language mavens," English teachers, and those trained in linguistics in language-related LinkedIn groups.
thank you! Happy new year to you! Hope it's a great one...
Clickbank Tips - Creating a simple affiliate promotion using domain forwarding
Juss had the best sushi ever
Sites It's not that EndNote drops accents if they're sent, but that often they're not there to import.
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...Stomp a bitch... you should never seek confrontation but sometimes it is what it is.
Mexican Beef Casserole Recipe This Mexican beef casserole couldn't be easier to make, and it's a real family-friendly recipe, too. With j
POLL: "#Porn and the : Should Public #Libraries BLOCK Porn on its Computers?"
Join us Tonight=) Village Inn, meet some great men & women 8pm Village Inn-PalmerPark & Academy free pie Wednesday
JUST GOT IT IN @ 11
Thankfully, I did my shopping and Acropolis climb first thing in the morning because the mid-morning cruise ship mobs ruined everything.
Static-X...if you don't like them, then change your mind.
Yay it's friday!!!
#ThingsIveLearned There is a lot of truth in a joke
BBQ 's
special huh lol
Love DD's smile.
the new season of sinqle ladies , may 28th ! they shulda kept stacey dash doe .
Looking fwd to sharing #LPC (O) Central Region #SWOT experience @ LPC(O) Exec Board in #Niagara Falls tomorrow
New smoker assembled. Fingers pinched in the lid. Blisters forming. I guess it's the price you pay for smoked meat awesomeness.
It's not too bad. I will walk you through it this weekend.
What the hell kinda time zone do NKOTB live, tweetin 4 hours ago ya'll get up before the crack of morn, way too early for this midwestrn bro
Hate to see the bats cool off, but a 4-2 mark on this roady heading to St. Louis isn't bad at all.
just wait imma text you like crazy.
that sucks man....I can lol
The work place demands less industrial and more innovative skills. Education much redefine rigor to retool and diversify the class
HENDERSON THE RUN KING (puns over accuracy)?
oh really & why is that ? I mean of course I'm "Mista Miracle" ;)
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either -- Leo Burnett
if you do ill give you a big huge nice hug ;-))))))
11/11/11 is a prime date for weddings! Know anyone getting married today?
Went in for a $30.00 oil change and walked out with $640.00 in service and repairs. *sigh* I hate cars...
grab somebody sexy tell em HEY
Go ahead and try it. You have to do it once in awhile.
- a rising number 9 vs. a rising number 14. Gonna be awesome! Go DU!
Oh.....How I wish it was Friday!
Rough sex>>>
Thnx for recommending us! RT : Safe Rides is NOT open tonight! Call 303 taxi for a ride 847-303-0303
°o° Big thanks to and for making the past couple days such a blast!
Thanks for visiting us yesterday! Looking forward to seeing you again!
All packed! Having my last American meal at my favorite breakfast place, Egg Harbor!
You understand more than you know
Told my Mom "Thank you for saying what needs to be said even when I'm being a challenge." Her response "I love you baby!"
follow please
Mac won't let me take files off of it, music have to wait until that's fixed
follow us?:D And HAPPY BIRTHDAY JON!xD
why aren't you playing with us?
You and your boyfriend broke up? Please post some more Adele lyrics as your Facebook status. :x
i need a trainer for a few things anyone know a good trainer hit me up let me know.
I'm too busy looking for a small, docile animal to sacrifice.
AKA #TheCastle Has a Gym Sauna and Spa Bathroom !! We Make Sure Our Clients Are Taken Care of !!
": think I'm playin R : ": Deleted his number : :" playin or not i really don care
We're open for lunch! Fresh sushi, kobe beef sliders, hot Miso soup filled w/veggies...we have it all! Come on by and grab a spot outside!
Organize old work clothes I don't need anymore into keep and sell categories.
interesting ecoystem and dashboard viewpoints on how to understand and communicate analytics
Anyone in Boston have a makerspace in library and willing to collab with me and on doing program at ?
Hate them sometimes !!!!😔
Florida Classic in 2 weeks !!
Feel special. Feel VERY special. :)
ugh the suspense is fucking killing me .... if i fail i mind as well get a 2nd job and just work my fucking ass off -__-
good news all my site is back up and working :)
Hope you enjoy!
Vizio's new Google TV wins CNET Best Television of CES:
Who's read Tender, the awesome urban gardening odyssey with veggie recipes from heaven?
I was also able to recommend "Eyes on the Prize" to the guard, since he's never seen it before.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography. I figure that will help inspire innovation, no?
Who's your team this Sunday?
aw thankyou! XO
Jul that's the joke....
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitable bring about right results.
Well that's fucking interesting
The Bango bus is coming -- itz really time to party -- New York to San Francisco!
am I really on your "People I Stan for" list? :) If so I am honored fellow cat lady.<3
Thank you to everyone who attended University Commencement. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
Wow your fucking phone would die! ):<
Bahahahaha I know the feeling!!! Also, Tyra is from Toledo.
haha that must be rough!
Very.much.awake #518am :(
ITS OFFICIALLY FRIDAY... WHOS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL WEEK??? LOL well tonight you can find me at The Lodge patron bottle give aways.
Gotta love track practice
And here we are. Mr. Very Relevant to Super Bowl champ #Giants. Feeling Doug Martin or Coby Fleener or Jonathan Martin. #NFLdraft That's 32!
NEH_Challenge is tweeting again! Stay tuned for news, deadlines, and program updates. Also, follow NEH at
plz tweet ma daya tweeted me plz follow back
Can stone whole houses in a single hit.
Also, happy last day of being blonde for a while to me
Good news should have hats coming in soon!!! If you want please let me know, drawing for the free decals will be done tomorrow!
Just checked the dining options and tweeted "why the US is fat." Is there a non-hearty chicken cheese steak out there?
UR President Seligman on College Town: "The future of #ROC is based upon these types of partnerships."
#womencantresist reproductive rights and marriage equality.
say hey to POTUS for me. ;)
two mo weeks of skool left! #fuk yea
Acid forming foods such as dairy, wheat, tomatoes, strawberries and citrus can be an irritant to certain skin conditions.
is a sick fuck! Wait til I show your daddy! Lmao
ahh i see. jay-z is cool to.
heii I apologize as I say now but why are you so you use only justin I know you do not know me you write to?bb
#accessusummit FireEyes + FireBug firefox add-ons = match made in heaven (or something like that.)
too cold and too early 4 winter.
We open tonight! Come see WTC View street theatre!!!! Tix are only $18.
yes exciting year ahead!
Today's NYT: Hasidic Jews outdo Roman Catholic Bishops by condeming and casting out those who report child sex abuse. Abusers are rewarded.
Safe travels, lovely
One must enjoy the game while playing, if a tester likes a game it doesnt mean that all people might like it
when are your new posters coming put???
What da hell.
was this at The American Idol Experience or the TV show? Hit me back in a PM. You're referring to S. Tyler...correct?
I Love John O' Callaghan! I swear he's the hottest guy ever x)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Blueberry Topping 4.09 / 5 Stars | 9 Reviews by Ellen Wojdyla "A versatile and easy to make blueberry sauce." Vi
This just in: Oscar nominees are pushing for their own movies/co-stars to win. Thanks, ABC!
#ThoseQuotesYouHearAllTheTime/the truth for girls/I want a relationship where u can talk for hrs bout anything and the convo nvr gets boring
Most generic haunting noise ever tho, u weren't visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley that night were u?
Whoa whoa hold on. You're telling me I've been asleep for 20 years...and no one tried to wake up? ARE YOU F#@*$!& KIDDING ME!!
We appreciate the help! Please feel free to lend a hand in the future.
Time 4 some payne bitch!!!!
thanks for the RT! Hope you had a great Mother's Day :)!
Until next week. Want to meet up.
I am a nerd. Got a JRD email from MLB with the header "Celebrating Jackie" and my first thought was that they were honoring Jackie O. Goof.
It's tip off!! Time to howl! Go Lobos!!!
might go to sens rangers in a week and a half.
My Rascal is plugged in and charging up for tomorrow!
RT: If you real, you know where it's at mayne
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 5
$15 for the year. Get audio for both teams, for every game, even some in spanish.
Follow for complete trial coverage
I don't want summer to get here -Said no one ever
rum balls do sound good. maybe i should just go with rum and pass on the confectionary part!
Saturday Morning ______?
Work work work!! $$
not sure what to really think of this
RT : #Rockies end 4-game losing streak! Clinched a win in San Francisco. Back home tnite against #Diamondbacks. #Denver7 ...
lol I don't know what they have and I guess just us three. I'm not for sure I can go I have to talk to my mom tonight :/
Love 's tweet supporting Thx from and as well! Macc Fund Rocks!
Wise advice !
Nice! RT : sometimes we offer early bird rates w/ auto entry into contest for VIP tickets...usually works
So 3 people in a row said something about "pop that pussy" on my TL...
Only if he is dressed in a suit. Or as a Star Wars character. Any one will do.
Agreed. Resurrection 4 all. (Or exhumation -- whatever people like.)
Hello, not feeling the best today. May have a cold. But I hope to have something new to share with you as soon as I feel up to it. Cheers!
lovely! Congrats!
Without heroes, we are all plain people and don't know how far we can go.
Nigga I don’t even eat in restaurants if it ain't no fries
beyond excited about coming to Louisville for the Forecastle Festival
i get two voicemails.. and one is from in which he yells at me to wake up :D
just two more days ...
Thanks for the retweets & messages! and and and ! Have a cubby day!
2 Timothy 1:7. Now that's the real deal.
"Back when a hoe was a hoe.."
my pleasure! keep me posted - if its just as yummy as i remember, take some photos + guest post!!!!
Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching I've learned from making mistakes. ~ Rick Pitino
Sign my #PsychoNeighbor up for that too
Aw yesterday was the best day of my life.
Pittsburg overrated
Your DREAMS will manifest, BELIEVE!
Gosh...glad I could help. LOL
Whether the Lakers or OKC win, I'll be satisfied
Let's go #Orange! Get it done.
Excited to preach tomorrow Gonna be encouraging ya'll.
Weird I wasn't following you. Fixed now :-)
#howtobeagoodbf Dont make your girl feel bad infront of the guys or you will look like a jerk
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Met Cullen Omori last night at the VFW. Really nice person. Excited for the next record. Go !!!
try to catch kermit ruffins if you're able
Why must every girl in 8th grade in mater academy be so fake?
We're planting 25 trees and doing #greenrush RT : Happy #Friday! What are your plans for this beautiful spring weekend?
It was great working with you Dannel! I cant wait to see the video once it's finished!
traffic has poured over onto Rainier ave. wow.
Brb running into austins room to cheer him up
I like the format of tweeting where the last word is emphasized in all CAPS. It makes it all sound AMAZING.
Can't believe Jackie and Josephine are leaving me tonight... At least they're with me drinking right now! Woot woot
and #rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!
Looking forward to a busy, productive day today. Momentum is my motivation.
i need to have a heart to heart with somebody soon
So its #1 LSU, #2 Bama, #3 Oregon and LSU loses the conference championship. Who is in the Championship game?
Enjoyed the American Country Awards.
Couldn't have done it without you! Thanks Darcy...we miss you.
#modernfamily = highlight of my summer. i mean week. i mean day... ?
need hot trax hit me up..splitzwizard
people swear like they talk to my sis but they don't ha
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Uncle out barbecuing ribs for my graduation party....gonna be GOOD!!!
with all due respect, your Vikings SUCK!!!
no, I'm the only celebrity you can tweet hearts too <3
Hey If you want people to watch these games you probably shouldn't spread the results before they air... Don't scoop yourself!
I didn't have any luck with Planned Parenthood. I'll keep this on my radar and will look for other volunteer opportunities.
that makes three good reviews from close friends, I'll be going to see #21jumpstreet soon
Oh Yankees. I'm technically only a fan via my family and that still hurt.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
T-20 minutes till showtime! you excited?
Thanks for the PhillyHistory and mention at Ignite. Fingers crossed - our AR ready in a couple weeks!
I was exaggerating of course :P …at least I hope I'm exaggerating o.O but yeah…I don't do "loose" lol
DAMN EVEN HER CLIT IS BUFF!
I hate you!
You better say hello to me! :)
Oh, I dunno. Waving loaded handguns and calling in bomb threats would probably work. The jail time afterwards? Not so good.
Cannot believe a relative's reaction to my support for Obama's support for gay marriage. Will the South ever stop being bigoted?
Thank you for liking my website!!
RT -Let's get #Stop SOPA and PIPA trending at the top...Retweet every worthy post on this issue.
already knew that
: U are awesome! Thanks for your solidarity. We're going to steal that phrase. How about "The only place for scabs is on wounds!"
Yup-guess being silent and not risking prevents abandonment on Twitter!
Thinking about the transitions on Tuesdays prowl. Gotta get those filmed today!
ShindigTarot.com offers readings by some of the worlds leading #Tarot readers. Try it out, with video chat, virtual table and decks!
I hope you had a good time! I especially liked the last "game."
RT ...just saw one of my 15-yr old son's classmates driving! // My 18-yr old ain't driving yet, nor will he soon!
"FBI, open the door!" "No… its cool when you break in"
There is a power within us that will create the destiny that we are suppose to live!!
Don't you just love the #RatPack inferences in #Diddy's new commercials?
ahaha I panicked after they told me, 'okay don't move at all and don't be scared of the loud noises.'
You're in London? That's a wonderful city! Enjoy your time there! :)
lol ok now im done watching the voice heeh
