I hope there grown cause if not......
"With your coverings, you can always take it down and use it elsewhere. Very clever!" -- M. Roberts, Customer
Sucks having morning wood for two hours wearing skinny jeans. IDK what I found sexy about being in the immigrations building in Chile.
Going to see the Titanic. Don't give away the plot, I hear it's a bit dramatic!
12 minutes left.....THE TIME IS NOW!
= RT : banjo pioneer.
The world has become apathetic and the sad things is...no one cares!
Got my #engage12 luggage tags in the mail 2day! OMG! cnt wait 4 ths conference 2 meet sum of the icons in the #weddingbusiness l
Just did a video
So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
We are performing in Douglasville , GA tonight at The 7 Venue! Doors at 6!
Fortunately you have my performance to teach you that being a horse's ass is very rarely fatal.
your not following me
RT : Happy #monday folks! Don't forget if you send 5 or more drinks by the end of august you'll receive 5 more credits on us!
It was an honor and a pleasure to stand alongside DS and Prince Harry. A true gentleman. San Diego kept it classy.
I saw a boy yesterday that looked just like Louis Tomlinson...
but all I want is to like this!!!! Why can this not be Facebook?!?!?!
RT : Looking for a new summer #read? The International Thriller Writers announced the winners of the 2011 Thriller Awards:...
really wish I had bought hardcover versions of the 'A Book Apart' issues i've gotten. I'll have to take care of that soon
i will be watching like everyday!!!
What extreme sports do you like to participate in?
Hey Merrill how can you be so ignorant?
If you are basing your "G" status on your ride, you probably aren't all that G.
we need to talk. Let's set up a time to meet soon or at least chat on the phone. I miss your face and am working on stuff
We live @ Aqua!!
I Know About Parker . And Zoe Told Me Over Facebook ! And Uhh Huh I Put That On My Nephews HeartBeat Thats The Boy Chris
the world is an unfair cruel place..... sometimes.
are you from Seattle,Wa?? If so that were I live well across the water from seattle Bremerton I would feel special :)
RT : Alignment doesn't mean agreement on everything. It means agreement to move forward with where you're at today.
why did twitter change their layout? i was really fine with the way it was before! why r you trying to be like facebook?
Bout To Get Me Some FOUR BROTHERS NIH!
Where in the heck did you see these?
I always think of what I don't have , not the amazing things I do have . #BadHabbits .
I am *always happy* to support the Jolkona team Nadia. Love your portrait and video in The Next 50 the Future exhibit!
I'd castrate myself instantly. No hesitation.
No, I mean, go to coffee shops and sit and talk. Go out to dinner together. Walk around the city without a destination.
I love my moms food <3
I would like to see how they are going to measure teachers without teaching to the test.
The financial services industry is full of social misfits - Newsflash - You make money by selling things not managing money.
Time for pizza! RT Tonight only! FREE DELIVERY on orders over $25. Shannon is gassed up and ready, let's keep her busy.
Grow up candyland...I love yoi
Just drop the adjective 'offline' and say "How Online Opinions Are Reshaping the World".
Focus people!
stop tweeting this bull ur smart enough to know that's not true---this has no legs and it sounds silly
So, people actually pay for Twitter followers?
Gah lee work was crazy busy today
When I go back to the classroom next week I must record myself just to listen to my language and tone. Both need some serious work.
have you seen The walking dead yet on #amc? heyo!
What a crazy day for the NBA playoffs! Spurs, Lakers lose and Celtics ALMOST lose!
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
too!! Yes! Happy to have you! Be sure to email me!
We are like guitar strings: with too much stress, we snap, and without enough, we are unproductive.
"She tracked conversations, stared at newcomers and burned off adult corneas with the brilliance of her smile."
Pray for ugly people!
Not nervous, but anxious...
Its a great day today!
aw i can't really be a part of this challenge.... my parents don't want my face on youtube lol
Sending admiration and aloha to all the mothers out there. Happy Mother's Day!
thanks! I couldn't have done it without your help. :) *that* was a *job* ;)
Thanks & for writing 'The Startup of You.' Really helpful & insightful & should be required school reading. Awesome.
what does everybody think about Laurintus actions tonight?
Because #BandsILove is trending, ONE DIRECTION.
That Lyon guy is home!
I can tell for sure and I share that passion! The babysitter revelation is extraordinary in every way. Men dream of such things.
thanks man! let's hang out soon.
Gotta find new ways to avoid my neighbor. Man talks forever.
we ate pizza from Chessboard. double yum! Next time, try Hamro Aangan - a local gem.
old world capitalists proved so limited in their thinking, only with the greats do you see Great thinking...
Yes, but it has to go both ways too!
Indeed. RT : On Sunday, we celebrate with Easter dinner for blended families. Diversity is a beautiful experience.
people are saying it bout Kobe now even tho he still averages same numbers as he did at 22, he just not same player
dnt matter RT : you wanna create sum beasts lol
So the NFL is just finding out that teams do anything to gain an advantage. My response... DUH!!!!!
Good sesh at lincoln skate plaza!
Cake cake cake cake
#StJohn. done. RT Yes RT #FriFotos theme is PARADISE. Looking through my collection for inspiration...Are you?
mwah. I love you. 
“: “: how old is he?” August 2nd he will be 3” he shares a bday with my niece aww
That's how I hear them
Comet died in a car accident with uncle Joey and Stephanie.
This is not the way I wanted to wake up to.
To get through the wait, I brought my copy of #SocialExcellence. As wld say, I caught the bug. Thanks for a good read!
WOO! Congrats on the comps! Do y'all have to do a prospectus?
Whats the score? Im watchin my SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER til my game comes on
Couldn't agree more! RT“: I miss on nights like this. #baseball #trashtalking”
What's cooking at your end? RT "Here's to all the #chefs sweating it out in the kitchen on Mothers Day #KeepItSpicy"
Today you can start a new life for you are the master of your abilities and because of that your day will be great. :-)
Learning about Twitter.
is only 5'1 (without heels).
thank you! We're pretty much head over heels right now.
"Poetry is the deification of reality."-Edith Sitwell
what? Here on twitter in front of the Kardassians and everybody? OK, I'm a good performer ;)
Not sure if I dig the new #BrooklynNets logo yet, but did the artist simply not pay for colors on #DrawSomething?
Sleeping in my boyfriend's basketball shorts = nice 😊👌
We're BUSY in Humboldt. What's up on your Wednesday?
My app, Weather Genie is the #2 overall iPad app in France, #1 in Weather in over 20 countries for iPhone & iPad
great morning for a race!!
My neighbours listen to some excellent music. Whether they like it or not.
Our department lost 40% of it's workforce in three days. I wonder if there'll be any back-fill (knocks on wood).
This section of DHS would evaluate the financial status of the organization to appropriately allocate funding on a fiscal year bases.
my fantasy is goin good. you might think im lame, but this is what i do on sundays
let's get to 12,000,000!!! Who's with me?
#CaseyAnthony... What a joke.
I'm at the Maricopa Assoc of Governments "Desert Peaks Awards" recognizing regional excellence and cooperation. Working together is smart.
Happy Birthday!(:
She's so sweet. #you're married!?
30 hour famine time
I miss u.
well that's interesting...
My arms and legs are like noodles!!!! Thanks Zumba
and I wanna cuddle with you(: let's make it happen.
I fucking love you to babe #bemyvalentine “: Hey I fucking love you! Thanks for being my valentine 😍❤”
If you stay all the way through the Avengers credits, you get to see the theater staff vacuuming up spilled popcorn.
Otto is not the super star but he is the smartest play GU has
Woodburn HS fire appears to have started somewhere in the vicinity of the wood/metal shop. Currently unclear if the school will open Monday
Opening soon: The Waitlist for Boyle Hotel! 51 units of affordable housing (from studio units to 3-bdrm units) will be open; Interested...
The stack cooker is on sale! Bake a cake in just 8 minutes!
Dnt let others determine ur happiness....#all:))))))
Every little thing she does is magic..oh yeah babe
Family watching Thor...blah
didn't I blow your mind this time? pop quiz: where's that quote from?!
Don't forget to check out Graphic designs done by tonya coop on facebook!!! There's lots to see now and lots more to come!!!!! Thank u
Children love their parents. Eventually they come to judge them. Rarely do they forgive them.
Not gonna happen
I completely agree.
You didn't stay for the Championship? I'd better at least hear you on KSR! Thanks for holding it down for us this weekend!
Cleaning your room and finding something you lost like 3 YEARS ago.
Just chillin today.
had your #glutenfree #peanutfree SEA SALT CARMELS - the first time ever 4 this flavor due to allergy/intolerance- yummy- thx!
#Heartattack Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Cancer Title: Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Canc
I'll call you Wednesday on the mail piece and see you Friday AM, God willing.
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible - Frank Gaines
FUCK OFF TWEETING FAST
Mystery solved! It's an old sardine can key. Can't wait to see what my kitten digs out of the corner next.
Shouldn't have taken that nap.
Looking for new music.... Trying to load up my iPod:) let me know your favorites..
Still hoping to find her. Hope she's looking for me too.
nothin much, gettin' ready for this show my band has tonight
Waiting at school fucken sucks
right on! Well you'll have to catch a show when you get out here.
it must suck when the cult of true womanhood is upstaged.
it's boring? No one wants to be there? You think you're the only one who cares? Where's the donation tray?
It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning. -Graeme Edwards
Thorough Occupy Portland coverage on
Zero chance of sleep until this Game 7 ends. Hopefully the next OT is the last.
This dude <
Thank God for awesome sisters. I'm a really lucky guy!
& twihards walked into the sun & sparkled ^_^ lol just so everyone know...I belong to multiple fandoms...Twilight included
200k followers? more like 2 million! james harden 6th man this year.
no problem man! Many blessings to you! :)
The Village People are attempting to make a comeback with a new song called "AARP"
Couldn't have said it better myself!
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. ~ Steve Martin
OMG, that's scary! haha
Been away from twitter too long!!! What's new fellow #PackerBackers???
The Oklahoma City Thunder Kids Festival will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Where what was coming from? The anger or the fugure?
She says kiss me like u miss me... Fuck me like you hate me
way to go girl! such an inspiration!
The heat is coming! Hope your ready!
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
Go wild and shoot for 400?
The NFL schedule comes out tonight, let's just skip baseball season and start this shit
no it ended last week. Whats up?
about time we got a socially conscious search, but how long before takes a good crack at it (beyond google+)?
Are you a #SMB looking 4 an online training solution? Come by Booth #607. Free Trial and enter to win an ipad!
We're glad you love it, Lauren! You'll have to come back and visit us soon! :)
I'm kidding myself. I'd probably sit in my cabin asking 'why's the internet gone?'
in my favorites somewhere
Colts start and finish draft by taking QB. Team takes Chandler Harnish w/ 253rd pick. Officially he is Mr. Irrelevant, last person taken.
There's something about the score of Super 8 that just gets to me. I really feel it is a solid piece, for a solid movie.
I'm on my way to the gemini arcade lock in.
u da bomb!
"I want to be the first person on the sun. "Won't you burn up?" ”Well, I'm not that stupid, stupid. I'm going at night!"
I have the honor & privilege of introducing Dr. Sonia Nieto, #educator & author of WHY WE TEACH on Monday, Apr. 23, 4-6pm.
Congratulations! We look forward to having you on campus in the fall!
just shouted you dudes out here @ #bbsj2012 will check your site
Look at the Mark SICK AUTO and PERFECT Just Like the man these two are simply AMAZING Baseball Cards.
I love when my cat comes to cuddle with me when I wake up 🐱
that troll humor? Or u just have no clue what law is & don't mind making fools of yourselves?
I'm pretty sure Peyton Manning reinjured his neck while shaking is head at the atrocity known as the Colts passing offense.
Fudge caramel cake with fudge frosting. From my grandma's Kitchen Magic recipe book.1960. Detroit, Mi.
I DON'T WABNA GO TO SCHOOL.
Congrats for your half hour airing tonight!
I got my heart right here..... I got my scars right here.
congrats!!!! great news!
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success is a perfect first #Deepak book. An easy read with abundant insight and wisdom
Harry you did great! We love you!! Its ok <3 RT if you love Harry!
but aren't ya glad ya stuck with it??
nope but I guess I should try them. I usually eat the "BaKed" brand Lolli pops that are around LA
I can't wait till school on Monday. I hate weekends at home.
Via “ we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for Thursday's #RCR2012. #givingback #ROC #RocYPs " #nice!
I'm Doing S/O's For The People That Are Following Me ! So Tweet Me If You Want One ! :)
Hahahaha funny...... Real funny.
My day was perfect until the end of sixth period.I swear some people can be such ass holes....
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
Did he miss games last year at the end of the regular season?
Come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you.
wow.... we've been down, up, side to side, back and forth together.... now you wanna go a different way? .....
Feeling like a billion dollars right now!! #YouAintBoutThisLife!!
I'd recommend you check out /r/SampleSize/ if you haven't already that place will be good for ya.
tomorrow is 4/20. i wonder how many people will get arrested/not show up at school tomorrow??
A Mother can carry you for 9 months raise you for 18 years but love you for a life time. #HappyMothersDay to ALL Moms You all are Special <3
CONGRATS to Alec Gray ... Another episode of Agent Oso!!!
you know there is ways to transfer music, I got my whole old library on my computer
RT : black face in hamden is as surprising at cheap meat at taco bell. // Ha. Seemed out of place even in Hampden...
how much is one of those worth to the tooth fairy these days?
People gettin all worked up, fierce, sassy & ignorant today on my TL. Whoa Nelly ✋
GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING OR LOG TO www.800printingnyc.com
it was sad, the jagged an opportunity.
Drinking Black Label 12 yr. For free!!!!
what bout me? :/
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. Muhammad Ali
Cankles: that's that shit I don't like
What a cool find. I love the part where he picks up the hot pink phone. :)
ok cool. Cant wait! :)
Do you like pie? I like tv.
We need "translators" between those using social media & many others who still do not or we leave them behind.
why am i sweating right now?
Saturday request: anything from A Tribe Called Quest!
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you can't do.
I hate when people volunteer me for shit. If I feel like doing it I would have said so.
was he referring to his balls?
We are looking for 1990-2005 40" automatic die cutters w/ stripping in the U.S. only. If you have one for sale, email to
TAX DAY FREEBIE! Get a FREE $20.12 gift card for BVEN Boutique purchase today! Call 414 287-9049 for online orders...
son las 23:37 y a ya ?
WHEN YOU BECOME OLD AND A HALL OF FAMER I WILL TAKE YOUR PLACE IN THE WWE I ASURE YOU I HAVE WHAT IT TAKES PLEASE
Let the con begin! Hanging out at the Hunt Valley Marriott...come on down! :)
Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry.
Gotta go :'( Stupid school.? hopefully when i get back on youve tweeted me back..nd i would pass out cause i love you much
Noticed a plug for your exhibit on the Lemelson Center website re Food for Tomorrow conf. Can't wait to visit at USDA in Oct!
Where is the benedryl
you go boy!
Glad the school wants to decide to start piling on the work, in the last two weeks of school.
I'm sure you hear worse.
Damn girl u look good enough to get in tune wit.
Sheriffs have jurisdictions throughout their entire county. They operate county jails (e.g. CCDC), and serve court papers.
Thank you for the kind words about our project. We are so excited! We start tracking this month.
my town got blanketed with anti Kony posters this weekend
i need a new tumblr theme someone help
Now fully up and running, ROMANCE SPHERE THE ONLINE MAGAZINE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
“A gentleman asks of himself, the small man asks of others.” -Confucius
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
My name is earl #notreallyitskevin :)
pouliot early leader for #Bruins 7th player award this year?
So what are you doing for Cinco de Derby this Saturday?
is on to the next round of ! Another demo in 7-10 days - then hopefully on to San Francisco! Thnx for ur support!!
Follow now
#uCantBeToughAndSay "If we gonna rob this bank let's hurry up ..its almost 7 and them street lights about to come on!!!"
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! Hope to see you at our Fringe show
This is one of the more disappointing chapters in world history in my humble opinion.
Just got my 1st credit card :)
RT : Someone else was prob. using same IP address. Me: "So you suspended all of UC Berkeley's access?" Him: "Yes."
Republicans arriving at Waukesha expo for tonight's senate debate.
TRUE! RT Me and and are showing off pictures of our cats. Dudes who love cats are the best dudes ever.
Waste of my damn time.... I hate send off's
Questioner calls Dinh out for "complaining about Ron Silliman like it's 2004."
get well soon....headaches are the worst!
.no its not that you suck. It that the game is broken as F*** like I said before.
I like kathy better
Come join us at #CrosslandCommunityChurch tomorrow at 9:30 if you are in Kentucky! :)
will you please follow me?? <3
Only moments away from getting started! I'm nervous and anxious..
Compound fracture. Bone thru skin. Headed to surgery.
hey baby girl. I miss you somethin' fierce
Sitting in a 3 hour seminar on how to collect sales tax. What a snoozer! Caffeine please!
I'm hungry I need some food!
I know that park! I'm IN that park. That pigeon is out of its mind! I call him Lenny.
she's cute<3
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
I think my cat might have a deviated septum or something but on the other hand I think cat snoring is cute?
Waiting for school bus to come :-/
That fml moment when u get home fron school and r so relived and they u reamber u have at least 3 hrs of homework :O
To satisfy my conscience, I ate for both
How will YOU be spending Easter Weekend? With family? Friends? At an amusement park? Let us know! -Vince
Note to self RT Good call "write what u know and know what u write!" for blogs. Many miss his simple point.
RT Working it out in the studio tonight and tomorrow let's make a booty hit. Send me a couple acapellas
Super bowl baby!!!!!! Love my
why the fuck does it say I unfollowed you?
Why do guys refer to females as "hoes & bitches" ?
What a cute looking pup! :)
Great weekend in Hilton Head now heading back to reality. United better be better this leg of trip! Congrats Maura and Kevin!
*One day my cinderella story will one day come true!*♥
email me some joints.
aahahha, i love you :P
How can you go wring with Flavor Flav?!?!?!
Mondays make us want Meat.
Depends if you're trying to go longer, I totally dig Scott Hartnell's hair even as a Caps fan.
I KNOW! Someone's got your back.
wish i was famouse so i could use #yogabbagabba to show my kids im cool by being on the show #really?
things Easter Manley say
Dammit, I missed an opportunity to play golf (I suck) 4 free with a Grammy winning producer who has produced some of my fav. albums.
Please retweet. I never gave Feedzilla rights to tweet on my behalf. How do I prevent Feedzilla? Very nervy on their part.
Chronic stress accelerates the aging process. The breath is your most powerful anti-stress weapon.
I'll give it to Ashton Kutcher: GOPers just don't do Punk'd like he did it. Exhibit A: The Tom Hanks/blackface ambush
Find a way. And make it happen
and loving Utah St.
why didn't you come to school D:
Give me +K in being influential in Confusing Peter Sarsgaard and Stellan Skarsgård.
That show money from strangers is hilarious! If you haven't watched it your totally missing out lol
it's a multiple-cup-of-coffee day today.
Great question. I would have loved a class like that, and I'm sure a lot of kids would, too.
Are you a member of National Association for Holistic Aromatherapy? $20 off a new membership if you write 'Liz Fulcher' as your...
I know! We're in Prescott, can see it coming.
and I wasn't invited? I see a divorce! 😜😘
It's sad that not enough administrators understand the value and the power of
I wanna change mine too...
Rather a person who knows how to use a controller pad.
This user is making horrible things about me? What like a robot or something?
We see you went back to visit us! How was it?
I'm trying my best to get fat!
congrats on your upcoming show gallery! looking forward to it :)
Thanks for following us!
Put your hands together for ~ our first 2011 #SultanofSmack! :-)
Girl that's the same thing I was saying! Plus I love all white! You know I will be on the look out for something like it! Amazing!
of course! Love your blog drop me an email
what, dude no! I like your account a lot :3
Gameplay Engineer Job In San Francisco - animation controls and vehicle physics exp pls. Hit me up if interested,
Kettner Nights, that is..
leaving home for work L. Delton today i think
i cant #chill . -_-. I just sang for my bf and he leaves me to play piano. Great right? (: luv ya thoo(: <3
Join the REVolution and Earn and Extra Stream of Income with Rev3 Energy Drinks. www.GetRevEnergy.com
I've been having the worst dreams..
Good talk with my brudder c:
#Freedom to live my life, the way I seem fit
And if you talkin foul I hope that ain't in my direction homey......
I have a good reason, it sucks.
LOL! I agree!
Wow, thanks for sharing such a sweet, sweet montage! congratulations on little Roger
lol. Well, if u r I'll wait up for u <3
I'm having a James Bond moment :)
Wow Gloria congrats! That is such an awesome opportunity!
Michael Leclerc gave aspiring #genealogy writers a good overview of the editing process.
Thinks that Marilyn Spector is the coolest lady in Baltimore :-D
Beautiful picture to start off a great day! Thanks for sharing!
+1 ! RT : Thanks for organizing a very interesting Saturday at
everyones taste is different...
help: Does anyone know someone we can borrow a few guitar amps & 1 bass amp from in Dallas next Friday?
It's starting to get a little better - but spend a few days following all the fake feeds and see how u feel.
part time. I don't work everyday during the show
Sounds like he's playing quite well. Don't hate my friend, embrace the former Badger! :)
Congrats for finishing the Boston Marathon. Oh, the places you'll go!
ohh silly you no we love you for your personality, we LOVE ' EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU ' !!! 😚
Just got home from an awesome "refresher training"... feeling refreshed and ready to make things happen!
ROTFL....that is so true TEAM!!!
I only want one girl to be my valentine today! My grandma!
Smells Like News: The Comedy Awards 2012: The Show, The ...
notice he no longer writes for Bloomberg
I need a new twitpic..... lol
1A) OFF SEASON! RT : Revised national pastime list: (1) Football (2) The Draft; (3) Free Agency (4) Training Camp (5)Baseball
Floyd Wayweather won by unanimous decision, it's
Add towne centre furniture on facebook for a chance to win a prize package worth $765! See details on our facebook wall!
when was it tho? I dnt go on fb that much
Bad News: Ean (how ever you spell his name) is dead. Good News: the blonde looks really hot. ;)
Africa gears up for the debilitating effects of climate change as efforts are ... - Newstime Africa
I've been up since 6...I'm starving! lol I can't wait another minute!
Way to blunted to sleep
About to hit the weights.
well done fake professor!
there should be. But rink B is down so no stick and puck at all this week
likewise. But our cart doesn't float :(
Meanwhile in AZ RT : Tonight at 10, how a valley woman takes all the hair that your dog sheds... and raises money for charity!
Wish they can bring back boutique in the U.S., I can't live without the UV underbase mousse!
Hahaha U can't hate me!! U gotta love me!! Cause I love U!
One more song! One more song! One more song! - Miike Snow's audience at
right now I'm listening
Hey Daniel why don't u look up best beat-boxer ever
Tracy morgan twitter just brought ya mans nack to life..
Oh we got pics! Email me soon!
I like what I'm doing now. Not everything is in place but professionally, i'm mostly okay.
Def getting Fios at the new crib. Haven't fully moved in yet.
I just got a large duffel in the floral nightingale pattern, and it holds everything... and then some. ;) I love it. <3
Hate when people put up random shit like "u can call me tonight......." what the fuck r u talking about.
lol what is going on with u
LOOKING FOR CHICKENS AND A CHICKEN COOP!! RT
#agbt Penn State using MiSeq to genotype by sequencing polar bears. Very cool.
"TERRIBLE IDEA."
lol sorry bout it. You kids have fun!
That's it! I'm taking the rest of the year off! Happy new year
7th: Ride w/Me by - rewarding drivers and passengers for sharing rides
RT Seski go to Newport this day! Seski go Rogue Brewery and Agate Beach. You watch for SeskI!
hamster ball!
everyone go follow they are so amazing and follow back i will give shoutouts to the 10 people who follow (theyre new also)
I wish i had some nice fashion pix of Kim K ... that would be fashion funtastic !
if your joking about doing it with my mom, should you be embarrassed?
Greeting to you and Arthur Tick. It's good to know that you do not take a day off as evil does not rest.
But in all honesty, I feel like I'd have terrible control over each limb of my body. Worth a try sometime though!
Yup. I still got it.
Leeann so sweet (:
Bella Swan?!
it was awesome! Very challenging and tough but I rocked it! :)
just had a little nap:D
Last week of school. Last Monday.
It was an amazing first round of the draft, its going to be a great season! The offense is going to be back!
a tool for social engagement. But my experience has been, it seems to be more about individuals selling themselves or their lives...
I don't go near that site, I still think one of their trojans is what crashed my computer!
Up, Open, & Ready for You. Dbl Punch Drink of the Day: Gingerbread Latte.10, 20, 30 % OFF SALE continues. Come on in, Shop, Support, & SAVE.
Let's see if can help you find us in AZ.
psh whatever. priceless engraving. has that librarian ever found cat murder puns? i bet they haven't.
How are You today!?
I have a $30 coupon for Benihana. I don't even know where Benihana is.
my doggie had to b put to sleep this weekend. its the hardest thing ive ever had to go thru :( RIP Pebbles I love & miss u <3
haha its so bad! That's after i got rid of some and that's not even all of them. :/
LOVE that line!
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. ~ Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Going to take a walk down to then head to The Source for some #climbing it's going to be a good day in
Some Florida mother shot and killed her 4 Kids and Committed Suicide.. Seriously, why couldnt a random meteor just land on her head first.
Thanks Lo u da best
#nowplaying Fall From Paradise - Classified
thats the nigga i wanna work with
It was as though a signal had been given and we had begun to rise....
Ive been thru everything in life but a coffin
is following all these people, i wonder if he'll follow me today (: hm....? I wish he would tweet me ):
LET ME OUT OF HERE
You make me smile all the time!!! I love you more than chocolate! :D When are you gonna do #FollowMeAriana again? ♥♥♥ :* :)
cheesy western, never again
So tired of the nausea!!
#Code12 : hatchlings showing life, coffee is made, the morning cooking begins. Getting ready for another stellar day at
Several OldOnes bragging the have been ALA members for nearly 40 years. Odd, they only look like the have been members for 30.
Just read blog post on becoming your own technical co-founder. Thanks for the words of wisdom and possibly a nudge...
pretty sure vander just got scolded.
I miss those...hope ya hit Vegas soon! ;-)
finished my finals exam
Marriage is give and take, so give it or she'll take it anyway-SHAWN ROBINSON
Great EDU reformers are like great chefs. You need them by your side 4 succeess. What these "edu chefs" do not have is
RT : Haitians will watch the Spanish channel all day but don't understand a word of spanish.
Congrats Kelly!
The manned up on Tuesday night... now it's our turn to #fanup on Thursday! Game 3!
It was not I who hurt u. It was you who hurt me. But know that I am not sorry, I do not mourn of this. That it showed me who you really are.
Why do you hate ur dad?
#Web 3.0 Zeustek is entering into web 3.0 . Will update on more progress
Does your "checklist" for the week include engaging with your "Advocates"? If not, might want to recalibrate the plan - they are your VIP's
Listening to the Ernie Kovacs Percy Dovetonsils CD that came in the mail today.
So very welcome, Rebecca, and ditto!
Women lie.Men lie
Last Day to get the Grasshopper Shake. Tomorrow a new month and a new special shake - 'Black Cherry' Blossom!
school time.
Kansas immigration debate still a stalemate
bye ppl
Gig thursday night at the old wagon in downtown san jose. music at 930. you should come
Bought Starters today! Looking forward to it. :) I read the first couple of pages in B&N and got hooked!
Goodmorning twitter peeps nd new followers :)
The Strokes, oh hell yeah.
of course Long Ding is a kicker. Here's hoping he makes a squad. Then, MUST call his 1st converted field goal.
ahahaha! This is awesome.
does anyone know where I could get a job application for #GlobexCorporation to work with #HankScorpio?
Gotta love #NHL playoffs fights have been awesome
gaining weight <<<
All in a Day's Work: Today, I'll work on a Wordpress website development project based on the #Genesis framework - Great for SEO & social
That's a shame. I thought he was referring to the Brewers old pitcher/bullpen coach Bill Castro.
Need a little Monday inspiration? How about our New Creation the Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Loaded with good stuff, sure to make you smile
glad you got it! Hope to see you soon
Im spending my sunday watching the red carpet i dont have a fno tee thought
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail.
Big Krit country folk
Still wondering how the Lakers managed to lose to the Cavaliers last night... First the Clippers now this...
#QuoteoftheDay" “Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.” Sue Patton Thoele
11 point Clippy lead in the first minute of Q3. Where's the Mamba? Where's World Peace??
Prep football finals are Nov. 15-16. With new basketball schedule, first games are Nov. 11. Prep bb now starts 2 weeks before fb ends.
Enjoying brunch alone at TruOrleans on H st....H st is continually evolving....looks so different from even a year ago
Help out our friend tonite at on Hwy 620 in #Austin. Any canned-good donation gets you a 1/4 pound of #brisket!
So the job hunt officially begins today after finally receiving my Employment Authorization Card over the weekend. Digital, SM, Ad
talking about sum body mama on facebook
don't you work or something?
Idk man. Um I think its just a setting. Mono instead of stereo. Idk. I dont know much about engineering.
Help us welcome Karina Bryant to The RAW Dream Team!
If the label says "Best before 2017" it probably isn't good for you bro
LifePath Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico - today we were breaking arrows with our necks, tomorrow - FIREWALK!
Ap calculus exam tomorrow. O.O
As a Chi Sox fan, idk if Adam Dunn can get any worse! This is BAD!!!
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
God is good, God is great, God is amazing =D
Going shopping with annie!(:
duh..why
I ment: Google Search: Drewy King
A New Way of Reaching Latinos Online on YouTube: Mitú - Huffington Post (blog)
Over 1,000 fans! Thanks, everyone, for your support!
GAMEDAY. PLAYOFFS. IT'S TIME.
If I've learned one thing in life, its that it goes on..! I just can't believe it was with you'
I'm Looking for a GREAT Email collection Widget for my Blog. Any Ideas anyone?
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.~Albert Einstein
Good win for Manchester United today. Still have work to do. No doubt Sir Alex will help them keep their nerve for the remaining fixtures
Omg fuck no! You must google find it :C
aww thanks doll! We really appreciate it. All of our sleeping options fell through 😢
Historic haunted ships, like the Marie Céleste (AKA Mary Celeste) will be featured at the ghost conference this year.
Wanna trade donations? I see we are both a bit short of the min. Oh and I might have bought a new toy :)
Oh gawd. Okay I promise. I want VIP too, but I'll settle for at least being up front and center. I want to see !!!
I'm done, it ain't no fun if homies can't have none
F'sho! as long as it's cool with #potus ;)
can u drive me to the game
On my way to tha woodlands let's see if I can't spend any money lol
Bosh just pmtfo.
Im bout to get on yo head wit this golf club . Golf club really ?
The baby shampoo is a useful and economical remedy to cleanse and soothe reddened eyelids. Mix it with equal parts of warm water.
Brilliant. What's the count (Messi y Cristiano)?
okay, I'll do your eye brows to .(:
How about some video David!!!
Tip #43567: best way to get a pitbull to give u kisses is to tickle their paws in a counterclockwise motion
My dad mailed me a 6 pack of Straub's Groundhog Brew...a bit late but still tasty. Yep, the box was packed in old and well worn socks!
The VMAs never cease to disappoint me. Where the fuck is the diversity?!?!
Uh oh. Just found My Cousin Vinny Might have to watch whole thing. I. Dentical
Flybe slashes &#39;hidden&#39; costs of booking air tickets
The goals in Bethesda, MD must not be regulation. Yeah, that's why.
Pancreatitus is a serious Mother Fucker! I`m sick as all hell! Lord help me.
this guy!
who wants thai food for lunch at 1pm or so? come find Sara at Hillel.
Matthew wrote me a note back(: I think that is the cutest thing in the world. I love him<3
This Day in History in Sarasota- Very interesting site. Great Sarasota history- www.sarasotahistoryalive.com/index.php?src=&submenu=home
No matter what I say, or what you have heard... I'm totally _Not_ over you.<3
L'S CITY 091 GO HARD FUCK WAT ANYBODY ELSE SAY!!!!!!!!!!!
u want a roommate????
It's not like it's the end of the world.. :):
I would imagine that would have a lot to do with how "bad" it was.
why aren't you on Skype while you are waiting.
#liespeoplealwaystell "I'm going to start my diet tomorrow" to some, tomorrow never comes, even if today is tomorrow
Daily suppressive therapy for symptomatic #herpes can reduce transmission to partners.
This isn't about you Leo RT : My dad's not asian... RT : ah gotta love old Chinese scripture
The Tigers have released Brandon Inge.
If you weren't such a bitch, you wouldn't be worried.
These NBC Announcers are miserable, put Dan Patrick in...
hahaha I thought it was hilarious!! "Dude, you have a 1.2 GPA, they're never gonna pick you."
haha, yup, me too!
OK, just a slip for the start of the Rose Bowl, right?
Do any of you care about Diablo 3? Less than 24 hours! Let us know if you're a nerd.
We shall. RT : Let's take a leap of faith today, shall we?
has finally written our new song titled Today. Its an acoustic!
Tonights party spots - Agency, Rendezvous, and Sayers Club. Hit me to RSVP or if you need a table.
LOL! is my twin. But she hasn't been on. :(
I got my clothes folded & put away the same day I washed it. I must be in a super awesome mood or something.
Who's your favorite racing #mascot?
Why on earth do you think what Sen. Baucus' ex-wife has said is headline news?
thanks. I can only cast you in just so many projects, mr Italy!
I'm sorry it was going to ruin my g.p.a.. it was for the best!!
No one else thinks the parents on 19 kids and counting are mentally ill? Hm, ok...
Toyota Prius camper conversion has us charging for the woods
Get Rid of Negative Facebook Ads With Dove&#39;s &#39;Ad Makeover&#39; [VIDEO]
Fred Smith (FedEx CEO): Pound for pound, dollar for dollar it's hard to find a program that's been more effective than ARPA-E
Thx for the response. KSMO in KC won't ever pre-empt #SKC + is a great announcer. More of that feed plz! :-)
thank ya velly much
happy birthday!! Best wishes! ;)
being #evil from now on
that's fantastic! Congrats to them!
MJ is still the KING!
SO 2 Perfect timing. We're pulling 2gether new content now. Can you hit me at
#np Right by my side- Chris Brown>>
Being all over guys is
Synapses not firing today, since I misread a Chronicle headline as "Key Findings on Chickens," & thought "hey, interesting." (It's clickers)
Free Scott "Sexy Rexy Rally" now featuring DJ Gambale. #FreeScotty #
miss you too! How are you guys doing??
how does it feel to have a cool cousin....
Message from our parent focus group: today's teenagers have it tough and both parents and teens need helping navigating!
Big thx 2 Obama 4 making clear in speech 2day that #foreignaid is only 1% of the #budget. can't close deficit on #intlbudget! .
And it has killed the regular season... RT The NCAA basketball tournament started in 1939 with 8 teams. It now has 68.
aite #oomf lied 2 me 4 da last time u aint gonna give me s/o smh u treated a s.o 2 my like i was askin 4 ya #
Farm in Milwaukee is great, but can it really happen? Who can afford the startup costs?
RT "Getting to see my grandparents is going to be the best part of this day!! ... #imthefavorite" thats what u think!
I know that for a fact, but my allergies aren't that bad. My only wish is that when it's cold, it STAYS cold.
100%! RT : If you're American you have a debt 2 pay. Not 2 sit back & criticize what is happening but to contribute 2 what should
whhoooooaaaaaa ! Angry pants
Crying...laughing...
Can't WAIT to quit my waitressing job! They be playin with ur money I SWEAR!!
Good win for the Panthers last night against Barry. Now, the focus shifts to FSU this Thursday night. Beat the Noles.
Chillin on hermosa beach. The place that inspired the show rocket power! Living the dream.
": Just crushed a bunny" wtf dan
Day #6: EPIPHANY. I cannot depend on this show to be my diet plan.
psst want my number lolz im a big fan n i wanna talk to u im 13 bout to b 14 plzz tweet bak haha
i feel naked.
and thanks for giving me two new people to follow! Keep crushing this #kettlebell workouts!
What's good all? Thankful its Friday, hoping to get out of work early and head over to best buy. New micro story will be available soon!
Feeling slow today? Get away from your computer and find something that makes you smile. What else do you do to shake off a sluggish mood?
Thank GOD I have a three day weekend this weekend, well now two days.
Something you can work out some you can
Wyclef the next President of Haiti? theentertainmentbucket.com
lol well if their stench is as strong as you say yours is then I'm not sure you would really have a choice.
It only takes one person to make a difference! So please tell everyone you know about ! HUGE plans in 2012!
And so it begins! Happy TLA 2012!
I don't know what you have been listening to, but they use PLENTY of peyote; among overs.... ;-)
All the time
needs a .net apps developer - Central NJ
Kids grow up too damn quick! My little girl is starting High School.
Thank you
Noticing more and more iMessages saying delivered, that are actually lost in cyber space...
All branches of will be closed tomorrow, in anticipation of the big snow. Plan accordingly!
Chair Rail?
You would be more excited if you relaxed, got more than 90 minutes of sleep each night, and enjoyed the experience!!
yo if you want tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight at Club Cinema, I got tickets. Text me 954-654-5605
fixin translated not doing it yet but might do it soon :-)
#nowplaying the #EDM PLAYGROUND WITH TUNE IN RIGHT NOW FOR THE INTERVIEW & GUEST #DUBSTEP SET BY DJ NICRO!!! www.xradio.biz HOUSE
UGH PLANS GOT CHANGED, MOVIES 2MORROW
straight off da boat....
The evidence is telling a different story, a weak statement like this is not going to stop an investigation.
I told Kenny he was adopted 😂
Ok. Just because I am 50 does not mean the only colors I want to look at are black, gray & navy.
Where's my pix! Surely u handed Jimbo ur phone! Oh wait - what was I thinking.....
Sydney Dalton is my new hero.
That's gotta be about the Maloofs. They sell off all but 2% of the Palms (but still control),& owed 70 mil to Sacto before this deal
Is there something Godly about killing an innocent man or woman?
these Sleeping are pills triiipin me o0ut!.
I have so much fun playing with those super strong hand dryers!
Great to meet about and our CNL nursing curriculum. WIHI
Knowing my bestfriend's mommy is hurting just breaks my heart..
Designing an Illustrator file based on Vintage Butterflies scanned from an antique book. Finding old images is almost like treasure hunting
read my forthcoming entry at ahabsoup.com
New details in the murder of 2 women found dead at a Saugus school as the victim's son waives extradition to MA to face murder charges
Change in district policy about endorsements is forcing a lot of grade-level shifts. Not sure, but lots of hints and rumors.
Nope RT : Well I'm just a little voice in the blogosphere: has anyone else you encouraged trash talking even responded
including the ankle monitor you'll wear after you're indicted for phone hacking!
As an #Aries you will win by any means necessary.
Confucius Kung Fu Tzu: "Do nothing and nothing will be left undone."
Remove whatever stone (issue,stress,lie,confusion) this morning that has been blocking your flow and step into the destiny God has for you!
I love this neat debate about brains/psychology liberals/conservatives. Nice topic choice!
#OTL is doing a report on a Xavier womens' player who missed 2 wide open layups in a row.....isn't that what always happens in Womens bball?
Your twitter has been hijacked. Unless you're actually sending me hurricane videos.
oh myy gosh!!!I hated that but it was pretty funny & a good memory! Hahaha
Is it true you and Oliver are going to LeakyCon this summer?
hail stanford hail!
I am determined to get #wasted in a #classy bar in #Vegas for once.
i'm so glad i don't have brown or pancake nipples.
I'm sorry bro
MY HOUSE IS ON MY STREET, but my home is in your arms.
An absolute pleasure tagteamin' the DJ booth tonight! Good times at on
okay I wont but u cant be one either, nd follow me back :)
=> 1st Black woman on the cover of Vogue... wow! Thanks for the follow - following back :-)
Ex-boyfriends suck!
We are plugging away on the trailer! Hoping we'll have it together soon to share with you!
"Many people know how to criticize , but few know how to praise" Ethel Waters, Singer Dancer and Actress
Definitely! RT : Can't wait to get my LAMILL fix! See you soon! Rt: : Happy Monday! Remember:All work and no...
Douchebag o' the week:
where da fuqq is that? ha I'll look it up. do you know when it is?
sorry -- can't make it tomorrow. have an investor-thank-you dinner. ping me before next week, or check my tweets
Late night rides seem to make her day better, so I buckle up and ride...
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 54
We miss YOU
stupid like that , then she said ok . we talk like how quintin got a high top . and the whole armon & tae thing then i was
“: You've cat to be kitten me meow!”
TEXT-S&P revises BICRA n Uruguay to group '7' from '8'
What should our bet be with LA's Fox Sports West Patrick O'Neil for Yotes/Kings?
Watching the #Titanic..every time I watch it I wanna cry:( such a great movie!
well it's handy to know I need to bring my horse if I plan to exceed my 2 hour max. :)
As usual, madness occurs when I play basketball on Tuesdays as Rod Barajas' walk-off 2 run HR wins it for the Pirates!!!
It is better to be young in your failures than old in your successes Life is like a box a chocolates, you never know what your going to get
so lucky i got to spend my last performance at ppu with such talented wonderful people!
84 Dead In Libya Protests In 3 Days
Tonight in Boston: The TNT Duo - Tania Stavreva (piano) & Teodora Dimitrova (violin)! First Church in Boston 66 Marlborough St.
": never got it.... my # is the same call me"//ok boo will do
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot! So True!!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3hgr
bored doe...: Personal Deep Dish Pizzas
Hi ! Nice to meet you :) Can I be of any help? Would love to...
Phil dowd is useless
how was the weekend?!
Our Black Friday & Cyber Monday specials will be announced exclusively on our Facebook page later this week!
stop it
I miss Riley):
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3
r u an ICONiac?
U believe the UK would be a good locale for Gov 2.0 Expo? Even with the parliamentary system?
My eyes burn
And to be clear, I'm not obsessed with , just more in admiration of her.
Floyd is so smooth , Cotto gotta win last 2 big or KO to win
me too! So nice outside today in
Honestly that halftime show was produced very well. Madonna looked a little stiff though
Probably wont go to school at all next week.
Found something to wear.! (:.
have to adjust to the density after hunger games. sad we're not getting movie sequels or a director's cut. dat cast!
Nah, back here in NYC. The twitter challenge--what's that??
Let's do this! RT : IU fans: Come out and welcome the Hoosiers home! The team bus will arrive at Cook Hall today at 4pm.
That's a good choice!
Happy Holidays To All!
It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them.
Every young girl deserves to grow up being told that she is beautiful every day!
lol your crazy I like you but your crazy lol
RT : "Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." ~Unknown
Great to see those changes come to Android.
That was one of the best finale's I've ever seen!
I would like to play Saturday on repeat for a few days. Who do I have to talk to to make that happen?
thanks for the
That was pretty awesome!
omg. You're so dead. #revenge ;)
Morning Rockstars! > Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world. - Miguel de Cervantes
It seems like its gonna be the same as last night... cool, not! :/ Thanks for helping me last night!
Really could have stayed in the bed this AM! But, happy to be alive, on my feet, and at my j-o-b!
Yea I been broke...now I'm good, bitch...I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood rich!
"I'm really busy judging everybody!" - (bahahahaha!!!)
So everyone thought the fact that the cloud looked like a smurf was funny excvept
:( it's kind of sad? Wise Justin, is life after high school all it's cracked up to be?
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter. Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
so boring
we do video. What's your budget?
someone in had one last night, perhaps it was (Isaac)?
Do you think Janelle Monae is femme or butch or both?
r u still using journler? Why or why not? I'm researching knowledge management apps & appreciate your experience w/ them
Where's all the rain?
Age does not bring maturity - Change does.
#WaysToPissOffAFatPerson throw away your left overs
Thank you! RT : I will be sure to write a post on my page and spread the information.
Jamie and Stefany worked on a couple songs last night. Looking for lyrics and the melody for said lyrics to be found. Tough job!!
Another good reason to live in Israel, NY Rangers & NY Knicks are both on TV here LIVE!
So excited! About to go spend some time with Monet at the Thanks again, !
THANKS...LOL..239Turk Lookin Thu My Followers & I Noticed..... I GOT SUM SEXY ASS FOLLOWERS!!!!
Ali's with the girls (:
we going to have to go get some grub lol
Do you think they said "Reed you need to make some changes or we will?"
damn bro...what i do?
Happy Easter Natalie!! Hope you have a great day!! =)
wish you were here!
that rapper in the first episode is me
lmao I hauled ass like 2 seconds later; dont worry about it hoe(:
bah - happens less than you think I'm sure! btw I hear we may be working together w/you & Amalia soon :) -CV
sure will!
2 hours of football with kids yesterday . . . and baseball today. Enjoying winter.
So much fun and so much fried food!
for the sake of portraiture, procedural evidence, and mapping
get it gurl (:
Good night Cleveland. Another day without snow ho-ho-ho!
you've come a long way! ^_^
take away the 1/2 million $ extra prize she won..
you wouldn't know if I am.
watched The Firm this weekend, must have been before Tom learned to karate chop the air to run faster
&quot;Hunger Games&quot; Whets An Appetite For Archery - Neon Tommy
My Quote of the Day - "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.", Jim Rohn
Palin on Newt: Annoy a Liberal, vote for Newt! ....and Colbert's take on that=" So Newt is like a flaming bag of poop you can VOTE for!"
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
GAME TONIGHT!!! Come watch the Panthers as they compete for the Milwaukee Cup against New Mexico @ Valley Field 5 p.m.
When you're original, you have to be prepared to be copied...be prepared to be hated on...both for the same reason..they wish they were you
happy birthday! I really can't wait to see you open for 1D. You're an amazing singer:)
which mobile sites/apps support facebook developers/ppl who have acces to TIMELINE? I have blackberry. TNX
this season is weird, but I think The Yankees will end up winning. They'll get another start in a trade.
u wanna start wit me we can go lol !
Today I'm a sideman with the Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra. Playing 2nd Tenor next to the one and only !!!
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "All Night Long & Got Em' Jookin"... ★
Love the name too - my company's name is InfoShare ;)
This is great! I would love to learn mote about Rio.
3 or 4 close bowl games doesn't make up for the 25 or more that are garbage and flat out uninteresting.
Focusing on doing the right things & doing things correctly seem to go hand in hand.
And will be an Illinois voter!
AMEN RT : "Tim Tebow is not fit to hand Peyton Manning a towel." -
Arias pops out and this one's in the books for the bad guys
I'm right there with you. Thank you all for such a stupendous plot.
Alright now .. What's the deal with skool getting close -.-
Live it up!
just saw your mug design randomly on the interwebz
TGIF....very tough week-orchestrated by outside forces/HATERS
Cool. We'll announce it,
RT : Wisconsin 1st state in nation to enact collective bargaining. WI values workers' rights.
Its one of those days I could be in a great mood. At the same time I am disgusted. And missing my Daddy oh so much. I hate living in pain.
I'm the queen of giving chances. I believe in people and I believe it's never too late to say sorry and start over again
bro u need to get a location so we can film that straight shots video lol
kinda. Im a slow thinker so yea. Haha.
She said you're such a dog, I said you're such a b-one
hi big head how u been doing
Happy Birthday, man!
thanks for RT, Greg. Have a great day.
haha I hope it is
Going to see D12 Tonight? You Could be! DM , FIRST 2 NAMES GETS A PAIR OF TICKETS TO THE SHOW TONIGHT!
Wow, Punch the Teacher looks like hit TV.
After looking more in depth at google's self driving car, it appears we are getting much closer to Wall-E's predicted future.
I hate it when that happens. I hope you find them soon.
Come see my sketch show, "SummerCaliNarcissisticSexpelalaDouchUs" tonight @ 10 pm @ Strait Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd, 90038!
Lots going on this Saturday, Friends booksale @ Old Colorado City Library & OC3 meeting!
Done recording and editing the audio: only took 1 hour for about 15 minutes.
why when i just said bye to you on the phone I was wavin.lmao :)
lmao! U loving the new place?
Thanks! We have actually changed a little more since those images were taken! Come by to check out what we've done!
I hate how I can't be friends with guys because their psycho girlfriends. I have a boyfriend, thanks.
No problem! It was sweet to see it the first time... Time to finish them off
At Chick-Fil-A. Hoe is packed!
Made my lunch today. First time in like forever!!! and my lunch have my face on it sence preschool :-)
Opening the heart with !!
I dunno..no one :)
so good for you! you can do it!
to sue from her son jason and daughter jenni. that would be an awesome gift. so I hope u get thsi
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Did you know.. May is National Asthma & Awareness Month?
Josue had the best game of his career. Let this be a start.
Watching #AGT but I miss #TheVoice and the stuff says
Happy Easter Everyone :D
Congrats! You are halfway through the week!
Can't wait to watch "Cook it Raw" episode tonight!
I am an official owner of my own business! Hoping to bring Kousagi Crafts to LC Farmer's Market this July!
Get our Las Vegas Now Deal on Groupon!
This month seems to have taken forever to pass by, but watch April fast forward...
Aww.. :3 you are soo cute&sweet!! (; too bad you can't be like 3 years older :'(
aww lmfao I feel so loved now!
Guy whistling down the hall is driving me nuts. Something wrong with him.
..Where were you? This cannot happen again! hah
": Still winless. Need some tips for the ponies..." Always bet on
we got you
I was thinking the same thing..definitely spoiled this winter with little snow in Philly!
Wow. Thank you! So many beautiful choices. I'll email you later.
What is the hardest part about losing weight?
I Hate My Face ? Uh no, I hate UR face! Lol why is this trending?!~ :p
Got a great idea worth spreading? You could be a speaker at this year! Let us know. ;-}
- Dre bought the company today, hit him I guess
you're welcome!
I wish that I was talented.
I have such a good T-shirt idea for this IU game.
how old are u?
yes my friends. pink ropes give it away? Met #BryanLi. heard he was fab. And. Tis true.
Has anyone else truly missed ??? I need a new album from her stat;)
you should
About to beat some ass in Frisbee golf.
i think they are! figured out who they're from, too...phew?
I don't like how popular pinterest is becoming :-( I wish is was still my little secret. ~Selfish moment~
why? DM me.
I'm poppn bottles
It's very Snooki...(actually, stick with Umpa Lumpa) : Ok they definitely over did it on my makeup I look Umpa Lumpa Orange
5 hours of snow now, it only stopped for maybe 30 minutes. Maybe more, I woke up at 730, could have been snowing before then, too
I hate being a girl sometimes -_-
Chris: part of a team that is promoting digital access to collections (!)
New song "kickin it" will be up shortly, check out the new song "miss freckles" if you didnt do so yet
I like blogpost "hey I'm cool. I have an iphone and can now blog about my country dog."
My design inspiration for #FollowFriday: and
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
Publish the work, have students write reflections... Communicate how skill development is progressing.
Interactive video allows you find out what your listener wants and deliver a tailored message.
no problem
game 3 hasn't happened yet. Don't go jumping to conclusions
I'm looking forward to the people and the experiences of #Faffcon 2 this weekend!
RT : Why is #megrahi putting out news about coma (again)...to boost book sales?!Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #1,378,668
Nobody's denoralizing you.
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Eating frozen dark chocolate Kit Kats. I can literally see my waist line expanding... But I can't stop.
Thanks, Barb. I trust that the kids are safe. I can survive a little worry knowing that!
im sorry i ever loved you.
I dont use Photobucket anymore to make my icons but something else :)
Happy birthday to the only fan I'm actually afraid of,
Lol because it's true RT : Why must people close the overhead bins like they're trying to keep a vicious badger from escaping?
damn that's some shiesty shit.
Tomorrow I'm going to Springfield in Virginia xD
I don't know, but she better be worth waking pissed off over.
"If you're going to be involved in journalism, at least get your facts right." -Courageous journalist to greedy publisher
wanna follow me?(:
RT : OH: "and this is where rockstars lay out their skanky whores and do lines off their scars."
Leadership - There go the people. I must follow them for I am their leader.
is definitely the woman. HAayyoooohh!
what up :)
Aw thanks!
glad you enjoyed our sushi, btw, thank you very much for your business!
cooking 101 @ work rice and ground meat + squash + green stuff :? :)
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Some guys are so damn sexy I just can't say no! Feeling in love right now
as far as the Eastern Conf. goes, I'm cheering for the Caps to beat N.Y. & N.J. to beat Philly. After that, NO! Lol
“: Lets be completely honest, I would feed you to a shark... #brutalbuttrue” You'd be playing Jaws on a cello while watching
Haha! I feel honored
Fred Shaw returns onside kick 4 yards for score with 5:02, lifting to 61-44 lead over Pittsburgh.
Middle finger 2 my past
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "I'm Late"
doesn't sound good...
I think my cat is part frog, part monkey and the remaining part cat. A fronkat.
that's not cute
look who's sitting behind me..
FULL METAL ALCHEMIST IS STILL COOL.
lively & awesome discussion via email already in progress by partners re: #SOTU (and baseball...)
How bad R ? 2nites pre & game broadcast vs. Jays all about play-by-play guy being on ! And it's only May 10th!
Thank you Duke. My bracket is now screwed. #angrytweet 😡
People trippin out about people being excited about their GPAs. Its not like everything else everyone tweets is so god damn interesting....
That goal was ridiculous
Me n lol
Time for nite nite. Just glued a blown up pic of 's avatar on a Barbie Doll... Cc:
Ten K's for Dempster! Great job!
Speaking at on May 22, alongside the always-scintillating , currently of , formerly of
bekah is pregnant.
No doubt. I'm new to the area, so all new friends are welcome.
Rolling Stone Red Carpet was rediculous! Awesome night
I am definitely capable of going on forever... can attest :-)
Then the next logical step is the 3-D Silent genre. Or, wear ear plugs to the re-release of 3-D Star Wars.
Musings: Solve your own problems. Change initiated happens before change waited on.
Wow. Never thought I'd say this, but that movie Snow White & The Huntsman actually looks kind of cool.....
Thanks for the mention!
Do you have a link supporting that? Would love to take a look...
Nas, Diddy and Russell Simmons' Child Support Payments Are Revisited
What a surprise to see you on Twitter! Miss you!
thanks babe 😘
Haha, yeah. No problem!
A Playboy centerfold of 1976 would need to shed 12 lbs of fat and gain 27 lbs of muscle to be a centerfold today
The lord blessed me to see the sun
“: Brewers lost to the Giants 4-3 this afternoon. Game went into extra innings.”
Ed Anderson, president and CEO of CGH Medical Center has announced his retirement, effective Jan. 4 2013.
I do not have a Low Rider butt. Why do I wear Low Rider jeans? Fun day ahead!
Counting cash with Tracy today was a nightmare >.<
Finding it hard to believe is celebrating her 25th anniversary, she must have started at age 3. Congrats!
o.O
haha I just read Sisson's book, too, so all the dots are being connected. Glad all you giants are sharing your knowledge!
whatever what u wanna say that but i say ur cutie bestie!:)
Thanks for the retweet!
#Coyotes and #Predators take the ice for warm-ups.
#BorowitzReport What a fucking hack. Comedy? Maybe if you're an Obama sycophant.
I don't get it. Why are all the critics raving about Descendants? Horrible prodding film with really bad Hawaiian yodeling throughout.
Have a great night Danielle. I'm looking forward to auditioning for you.
Stop the presses!!! A local meat market imports San Marzano tomatoes! Holy hell it's on like Donkey Kong!!!
#FDA must balance evaluation of product safety with more efficient approval of innovative new drugs: editorial via
They're selling The Communist Manifesto This place is run by Marxists!
Everyone have a safe and productive week. It's back-to-school time. Watch out for children crossing the streets!
- Nicely done!
Students forget textbooks, used cell phones for info. Goodbye textbooks
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Driveway flood light is out again. Good outdoor LED floods can't come soon enough.
#Imagine you're walking out of the kitchen with a sandwich. Austin sneaks up behind you and kisses your neck whilst stealing the sandwich.
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it ok enjoy ur time with adam
Talor, have you made up your mind yet? Are you staying at PSU?
The kids are in bed. The day's work is done. The house is quiet. All I want to do is STARE and do nothing!
all the time, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE, a little difference but a difference ;D
my favorite band is One Destination and my favorite one is the mexican!!
No clue what makeup looks good on U? Get lessons or experiment. Don't be too busy to be that sexy, hot and fun mom, wife, or bachelorette.
Thoroughly enjoyed the #npx2012 conference today. So glad we had the opportunity to attend. Thanks to all the speakers.
and Clay Aiken sucks a lot of dick!
If you call me baby in the first text.. You get no reply. I'm not sorry.
I use to hate it cuz I always thought about ny train stations but now I love the bacon melt :) n hey boo
thanks so much for the pledge! Xo
racks have been confusing men for quite some time now.
is the love of my life #<3
Katherine, I am now following you. Follow me and DM me and I'll see if I can help. And I promise to unfollow when we're...
tell me about it, just moved out of my dorm, into quach's house, and had to pack to go home for 2 weeks haha
Who wants to chit chat for a few? And also checkout our online store! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com :)
ready for this class to be over with
He's evolving? MT : Can't believe how obsessed my dad has become over miniature dachshunds. He used to race cars and pound beers
Not my most effective use of my Winter Break, but I did manage to relax and recharge.
Laughter is the best medicine! ? YourFavWhiteGuy ? his hilarious tweets make me laugh and smile so much! Follow him now, you'll love it ?
Just got my dog a cardiologist for his high blood pressure and slightly enlarged heart. He's overweight too... doggie personal trainer?
I love
#SaySomething was AMAZING as i was expecting (: i loved it <3
Man, come on #LAkers... Don't let Bonner shot that shot... Keep a hand in his face PLEASE!!!
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its rich
Well, we held our first ever picnic lunch at the good ole Sports and Social Club today. It wasn't planned but hey, it was lunch!
No, no, no, you say that proudly...
hm... Wasn't aware that #instagram was the premier portal for photos of fingernails.
RT : Q1: WHAT’S THE BEST PIECE OF ADVICE YOUR MOM EVER GAVE YOU?
Sounds fun! Go through the Hudson Valley -- Woodstock, the Dia museum in Beacon, Kingston. Loved road trippin there from New Haven.
Can this weekend get here a little faster? I am dying of anxiety, get here!
you a real brotha. I remember you doing a backspin on the basketball court in San Antonio / Seguin TX. back in the mid 80's. CONGRATS
hmm how about team kaotic lancer :D
dude your a fag! They are sick and plus I have to wear ankle braces so it's like they are just built in
Healthy Halloween Snacks: Cereal bars, low cal pudding, 100 cal packs, sugarless gum, microwave popcorn, raisins, hot cocoa mix, mini cereal
Nothing gold,can stay
I have 1 appointment open for MusInk this weekend in Costa Mesa, Ca.
We hope everything was great! Thanks for celebrating with us...
actually I'm going to goldstein 1st. want anything?
no you! Now go to bed. I am night
If you don't try u will never know
Take a moment for yourself and enjoy!
really fine hail in Noblesville coming down rapidly now
has arrived in the studio! She's warmed up and ready to start singing
nothng on you is a great song and video..thats whats up i loved it..
On vacation, but you'll still be getting a new letter this weekend!
I didnt make cheer captain oh wells:/ :'(
Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow. Swedish Proverb
10 more pages done in my newest book ~ woo hoo!
Alberta street is closed today for June #lastthursday. Bring your crafty, artsy self and support your local street party!
MIFID II details are out - the UK/EU fintech journalists I've spoken to have already said it's going to be a long evening...
You're my new little dark side crush!
My research methods class requested that I give them more info about grants/grant-writing. Hive mind- any suggestions?
If you anyone doubts Shakespeare was not the 17th Earl of Oxford they should look at his chart. There's no question
or "holograms"
I just sneezed really hard & it felt like my neck was exploding..
love to EARN your business too brother. I'm a short road trip away. Have decent connections to assist your voyage. Cheers Mate
you told me the story before lol
let me text my baby daddy.
thanks! Needed serious updating :)
GRAB THAT NEW MIXTAPE "THE UNDERGROUND KING" FOR $5 ITS HOT HIT ME UP FOR YA COPY BOUTA GO TO CLASS
Wieters is inhuman and immortal
Hope you like my book! :)
I really wish 2 of my followers would grow up!
share any new information about google
You would've seen it again without the 3 turnovers in one quarter. He will need to be dealt with in the playoffs.
I second that!
I just don't know what I am going to do with you shawty lol!!
Uhm before you call her pathetic look at you.
Nobody makes love on bear skin rugs anymore.
Now the #outrageousbiz competitors have to face a lightning round of questions. students think quickly on their feet!
recieved a resume today, special skills listed: twirls and mean baton, so- so funny improv jokes, yea Im not kiddin
long night was over at 11:20 walk into my hotel room at 4am what a mess and was very expensive to get around here.
Well said! Unfortunately, people seem to be lacking respect these days. Thanks for doing your part to change that.
Happy Birthday to two of the sweetest girls I know: and :)
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
Hate being home by myself! #Neverfun :(
that was bonerific
I swam a mile this morning, how about you?
hit me up bro
Zed's dead baby
Join us for our Sunday Champagne Brunch tomorrow 10:30am-2pm and enjoy unlimited FREE champagne with each entree.
Dent and dings or hail damage lowering your vehicles value and appearance? One easy solution www.kingoftheding.biz
I haven't read the books, but I was horrified by the film, & I'm neither squeamish re violence nor fretful re kids' sensibilities.
I'm starting to get sleepy & I'm ready to go home.
Thx all for RTing and believing in the #CiteYourSources campaign!
What happened to last week's fidelity to ?
Just finish watching the green hornet i could not stop laughing.
lies I do call you, you never call the hell bk
I am NOT - I repeat NOT going to watch Prision Wives - LOL - just the thought of it makes me laugh
i always have writers block!
#factswithoutwikipedia Nuclear Winter a myth invented by Soviets. Nuclear Indian Summer a well documented after effect of nuke testing
You know Knicks will beat Orlando lol
Happy birthday =P
Anyone have the #gophers player rebounding breakdown at the half??
1 step out the car...yep ill be movin here
please?:D
Scandal Time Twits
day off, gym then working on track
