Companies at Atlanta airport get approval to hire employees without complete background checks
Its way to damn early to be up and at work :/
“: i see you are following some fans.. How about following a fellow UTAHN and a huge fan!? Haha” Of Course!
I want a snuggie
Hey Thomas, just checked out your website - great stuff, man! Good luck with all that you have going on!!
Its km CNN iTunes hydrogen ignorance McDonald McGee
Im not going to magnify my problem im going to magnify my GOD!!
you on for Eric Cooley commentary? 300 words. $300. Due to me 3/12 or 13? Bud
Okay now I got it,one of my connections was hacked and sent me a message about how she had read bad things about me online. U get the ...
spring break[; YEAA!!!!!!
so since we dont have "c" day no more is the lunch still at the same time?
“: I hope for the sake of , the #Caps can force a game 7.” for my photog's sake too (he's the one that has to hear me).
Join us this Fri. 3/23 from 11AM-7PM in the Flagship's Wedding Suite for a special trunk show featuring the bridal artistry of !
people have told us this stuff and it bums me out to think that stuff like that happens and we annoy people.
i wanna #dancedancedance with you <3
Be part of the #5000 tomorrow. Come watch beat NMU to advance to the elite eight!
If I'm trying to give u my business don't keep pushn me to the side expectn me to wait. U ain't the only one wit shit to do
There is a typo in the first paragraph of an Essence online article I tried to read just now. I stopped.
Do you wish there was a holiday to excuse your all-day partying and debaucherous lifestyle? Tomorrow's your dream day. 9 AM start
I want fried chicken!!!
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
naw im still mad at her for talking shit on fb
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 8264
the n word: "that's not who we are, it's a faux framing of ourselves...that's a misrepresentation of who we are" Rice...
oh hahaha me too :D
United Medical Center + Washington Hospital Center= better medical services for our neighbors East of the River. FENTY HAS DELIVERED!
loving the fact that BLINK-182 IS BACK!!!!
Hurry up Tuesday and just let me fail the Biology STAAR already :P
" Life's short but my money long ! "
I'll catch u on the next go round. Hope y'all enjoyed urself's.
MY BIRTHDAY!!
Kuebler has made Girl Scout cookies obsolete
I would kill everyone in the world and leave three survivors for a piece of pie right now
Thanks! I'll be enjoying a few fine wines tonight!
#BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everyone I follow is beautiful!!!! RT If you feel the same way!!!! (Follow Me)
a threat of love;) wink wink
“: haha it's stupid as hell”omg people just post dumb stuff and just start shit I can't take it people now adays lol.
Not in the library, no. I mean. we have a cafe in a different part of the college buildings, but it closes early on Fridays.
's debate in Serra Mesa is at 6:30pm at Taft Middle School, 9191 Gramercy Drive, 92123. Hope to see you there!
I love when bands take their time to talk to their fans example from TMSC I<3 you guys And they are soon coming to Florida:)
†God + Love = Happiness~BAMM.
": Tonight was fun thanks to " your welcome! Love ya' punk
Talladega delivers wrecks after quiet month; Stewart wonders if fans are happy now - Winnipeg Free Press
I've been reminded why I avoid 66 like the plague. Always a nightmare!
I figured out how to increase the contrast on these new monitors. By decreasing the contrast in the menu.
The reason the #BigTen is the best basketball conference is because they have the best coaches.
who wants to do a basement show in haverhill?!
We use Flickr, Pinterest, and may start to use Instagram to document our renovation
wow! users did 22990 minutes of custom online yoga over the last week!
Dont mind at all RT : shared the song shout onto God with my friends on facebook hope u dont mind :-)
Headed over to the Labor Temple to chat with !
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
": ": At the court house" Criminal lol"lol is not
Dropping 20 more pounds by August 1.
How the fuck do I take this gel of my nails.. I feel like I'm gonna rip my nail off ;n;
dude, however i get over there, i do not care!
I work smarter, not harder. ;)
We were poor. If I wasn't a boy, I wouldn't have had nothing to play with.
Beautiful day for that. and I love going out there. Unless I'm flipping us over.
Will it be Doomtree, Yellow Ostrich/Lower Dens or EMA tonight in Madison?
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.
Casey was due! Wil not mean much unless it is the start of something for him.
Happy Anniversary! :)
Gonna watch some anime before bed. I love Bleach.
Anyone? RT : Need an electric heater that will fit in the toe kick space under a sink base, for a client. Suggestions?
In the morning it looked like a perfect beach day, then in the afternoon out look like a tornado was coming.. Wtf....
In honor of Crush a Can day, we remind you that no matter how you crush that can, please recycle it!
Thanks for the like!
im an awkward person..it's just too much to deal withh
teenagers find the secretive nature of texting very appealing. they can have conversations in front of adults in private.
Committed to delivering an exciting new way to make music!
Hi new friends.
Caveman find pointy stick.
They're just mad that Sonny Boy wasn't honored in the Memorial Day parade.
Singing is the best. Valentine's Day is not. Clearly you missed my fridge note!
RT Cinco de Mayo: In Arizona, on this day each citizen must round up five Mexicans.
that's right
Yes, I'm leaving all my tweets to Twitter elites. They seem depressed. RT Do you have a social media will?
Revelation: God ain't working on you if you ain't working on His Word! John 15:5 Gotta love the Holy Spirit!
yeah you can tell haha and aww:/
I already they knew they were gonna trend! Everytime they come on 106 they trend! Later OMG girlz gonna trend also!
JASON SEGEL HAS A BEAR ONESIE
how do u know this?
Everyone should be expected to be able to do anything.
We are born with minds that empower & nurture the free flow of ideas-through reading, thinking,reflecting,critiquing, listening. Not burning
Yes! Sing Karen!
confounded by a child who loves geometric transformatons. oh genetic roulette, you tricky trickster
thanks for the nice picture :)
arissa, pretty name. i'm ada.. ;) u r really popular on twitter i think. ;)
is he coming to Pgh again?! I missed him last time he was in town!
follow back
Olympia you make me sick.
I'm from Phoenix!
The staff of NK Airplay wishes you and yours a very Happy and Blessed Easter!
Fact: Your lunch will taste better accompanied by a glass of Sangria. WSWB is open 11a-2pm for lunch. Call ahead for pick-up 619.255.2856.
Mandatory vs discretionary spending. Section 2501, CFP, TEFAP, FMNP, beginning farmer mandatory. Even mandatory programs can be gutted!
S/O to my new follower
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 22
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Happy New Year! Today, all Bijoux Blitz features are $7 with many more @ up to 70% OFF! guyandeva.com/shop or contact your Style Advisor.
God hates procrastination! Dont believe me?read matthew 25:14-30Get out there and put your hands on somthing so that God can bless somthing!
thank you!
Weak. Step it up. You can do better.
Plante Moran earned the #37 spot on 's list of "Best 100 Companies to Work For" for the 14th consecutive year....
also a very good idea haha
Feel better :) I don't like seeing people not feeling good. :p
not all the time
future social: augmented reality status over our heads giving deli-line tix to and for those we wish to meet. Ding! Next!
ohh no. I'm scared now. :I lmao how am I supposed I help you with your boredom?
Bryant waited too long to make his move knowing OKC had a foul to give + a key turnover. Mental mistakes.
Looking to save on activities around the city? Follow today!
we have cancelled our subscription b/c you support Rush Limbaugh's programming. my daughters deserve better than your example.
Reduce Admin Costs By 48%. Just 100% online business glory!
I don't say what I said to bash anyone's religion, but I think it helps explain something about their worldview that's important
My 5yr old just found she is not getting paid to go to school, now she wants to not go and get a JOB! She says she needs $$$ 4 toys games..
shit! My bracket's not even listed. Can only mean one thing: I'm in first for last place.
that looks like my photo :) That dessert was amazing!
becuase she is saying sh!t that ain't true
u shud b balance and knw when to b nice or rude
you always have the best answers ;)
No 30 Rock on Hulu Plus means you don't get my money.
i followed!!
When you type in "Let It Snow" on google, snowflakes start falling and cover your screen :O
Thanks to everyone for the sweet words on the #GlutenFree #Vegan apple pies. My next cooking class is going to be on make pie crust.
anthony his his real name
Lol. Yep that was funny! :)
An entire lobby is on a damn 2 bar until the game is almost over then we do a host migration finally keep up the good work smh
oh Girl, NO!!!! 8 Mile is wayy worse than Get Rich! I would rather watch #Dontbetardyforthewedding like its that bad!
In DC Metro this wkend? Homes' Camberley Centennial Collection using interactive touchscreen's elevation/color option features!
if you to take care of the music, it will take care of you
Get Excommunicated from the Holy Roman Catholic Church... add that to the bucket list.
Wow that thunder sounds a bit like it does in Kansas
#AmITheOnlyOneThat waits for the right person to start a real relationship with?
Get an unsweetened iced tea like I do and you won't have to feel guilty ;)
This game right here is pretty embarrassing.
Thanks for the great feedback. We appreciate it!
What's your favorite trend for Fall?
Whoa! The site is down. Hope all is ok!
We're out and about picking up sammies & salads all across #DC to serve to our #homeless community members!
We've had Austin Fire, EMS, Emergency Ops Center, Austin Energy officials on the phone with us all morning long to keep you safe Stay w us!
Lol! RT Awake, coffee'd up and rarin' to go back to bed.
I hear you on that. let me know if you wanna chat sometime....
(slaps you)
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
The Single Life #188 - It Takes Two
OH AND RIDE JERRY SO HARD THAT HE WILL BE TO TIRED TO LET U HAVE A RIDE
I suffer from C.R.S. (Can't Remember Shit)
OMG!!! You murder yesterday's song. This is Juliet's world awesome performance
Well your followers are going to my page jus cuz I'm on ur timeline lol thank you for ur negative support lol
It should be amazing!
Two projects down! I get a lot done when the building is empty.
🔫die bitch. I'm single for life
Getting back this week? or weekend?
my A-town connections
please do something for me justin bieber or answer a follow me plissss twet # beliebercrazy
Good luck! You'll do great!
I think he should go with Synecdoche, NY. Perfect movie to represent the last 20 years in film in the scope of ambition.
Where - why - do you have to move?
Welcome :D
up yo butt.
Oh moon grow bright
Grey and drizzly in Providence.
#GrandMa told me a #story about folks #passing once, Faruq. She wouldn't do it. No, sir.
FAPPING TITTER QUESTIONS!
Last year Minnesota was open for business and Wisconsin was closed. Amazing how things change in one year's time.
teehee I have such a crush on him :3
Fan's might get to see that Laker's vs Heat finals this year.
In the Good times Praise his Name, In the bad Times give the SAME. #Mega Millions
2011 is off to a good start...our most popular strain and a LoDo favorite, Summit County Sweek Skunk is back on the shelves!
follow back ;)
I think mother is lost.
RT : #MacnCheeseMonday means our mac & cheese is $5 in store only. All your favorite flavors! (Limit one per person.)
RT : #teamHEAT Eastern Conference Champs & World Champs
Mekong engagement party went really weird
that's how I feel too
Just discovered #Raphael Saadiq, thanks to #Retrosoul. Very sophisticated! Great beat too, I'll give him an 8.
I miss you grinding and pounding on the opposing D line. No comeback?
I'm slightly embarrassed by how much I like "Payphone."
A part of me died tonight i love you grandpa im so sorry i wasnt there with you
And don't forget our weekday standards still going strong: Mon. nights - Salsa all night w/ Tropicoso! Tues - Urban Open Mic with Skandal!
well then keep doing your dj thing! Cuz ain't no DA salary footing that bill ;-)
Fresh new garb is arriving all week from another fabulous buying trip!
Lace toms should come by Friday YEEEEEEEEEEEE
Feeling thirsty? $1 Bear drafts & bombs TONIGHT.
Maira is a dear friend of mine. I recently told her you two need to talk. Ping her. :-)
we'll be fine, thx. Miss you guys too. Have fun :)
Why isn't there an Emoji with one eyebrow raised?
After last week's #Cardinals game, its gotta be pretty high.
besides you obvi 😘
'it's my party and I can cry if I want to'... Which is something I have done every birthday for the past 6 years at least now I can drink!🎈
Well Before?
Hmm. Decision seems to say that #gsu policy was not an effective deterrent to infringement, but regardless very little occurred.
I was just thinking about that.....david stern hates milwaukee we just have to accept that fact
Thank you for the recommendation!! RT : 303 taxi serves the north shore check them out
what about us NON LATINOS????
Hump day...get over it!
savin up my $ buying myself a plan ticket to cabo..going to stay at cascadas de Baja..and swim in the turtle pool,you with me
Hope you are enjoying life in Madison. Hope to get together before too long. Remind that husband of yours.
#DarkShadows can't wait to see it, I have a very profound fascination for vampires since we're both creatures of the night
Shoutout to all SIG leaders serving their peers & helping #ISTE better connect & serve its 20K members. Thank you for your service. Plz RT
They were just there hanging o.o
i was replying to your tweet about it being shocking that i have a twitter. that was from April i think. late response!
But here's a note to some of the contenders: "slob" is never in style.
Um not quite.
A room full of babies nd my head iz about 2 pop if i dont get no heplll......
getting ready for the chicago marathon did all my miles... put in the last two today now all i have to do is eat, sleep, and rest no walking
Surprise level = 0% :)
One of the great movie-to-comic adaptations. And, this edition looks really cool. I pre-ordered mine.
Went 2 my 1st country western concert last night (BlakeShelton). #NAFSA10 . Had BEST TIME w/ Emily & Ryan-- Now I want 2 kick some a** !
I promise it won't be smack talk :) I only do that with hockey hehe..I have a Freetail beer and some Saint Arnold in the fridge
& yes, being the lonley Data Librarian is difficult. Hopefully the person they find will have the sense to share the work around.
Hate tweet: You are a piece of shit ;) x
glam evening - thanks to great artists and grand piano of Yamaha Artist Services and the elegant Rose Bar! Thank you!
I love everything about what just happened
man! Imma be on the road but if I can get back in time I'll def meetup!
After today, no more calls from AG candidates. Woo hoo!
'Sorry! Late again!
Just scored my tix for Bela Fleck & the Flecktones Monday! Cant wait! Im Lovin
We liked :). Look forward to your posts.
In contrast to spending on the poor people.
SOMEDAY I WONNA SEE U JUSTIN AND BE FRIENDS
don't drop the soap.
$5 carpaccio, caviar, lobster tacos, lobster sliders! Happy hour today 4-7, thirsty or hungry come join us!
More Missouri River & following Lewis & Clark today. Bighorn Mtns and the Little Bighorn battlefield. Warriors on both sides fought bravely.
Umm..Singer, Dancer, Doctor, OR Cook!! Can't Chose...(:
"Certain things are very cheap & clearly serve you very well, [like] changing your oil," said George Hoffer via
So glad I'm working today
“: #ImASuckerFor guys who can actually make out. And not lick my face like a dog.” amen! Or bite like they crazy Ugh
Quora is a great network. Think of it like a place where experts talk and answer questions. Sort of replaces the Q&A interview.
today's update is brought to you by thanks to you and your fellow backers we're at 37% of our goal.
Very kind of you to say! Absolutely thrilled for #alayma award winners and honorees!
started a game!
Big homecoming game for Ohio State Saturday..Coach Tressel says Pryor is still his man at QB...what do you think? Let us know this morning.
RT “: Giants- u know u suck when most of ur yardage comes from playing so shitty the other team is penalized for overcelebrating”
Really excited because I can actually fall asleep at a decent time tonight! :D
Timbers vs Montreal at 11am pt. Go Timbers!!!
Tribe time! Suite style with and
You dance better than you fuck
Thanks for follow... In all humility and without reading you yet.. Are you awake to the fake left right paradigm?
"You never see me without my babies "your babies?" "Duh my phone and headphones!"
Yay!!! So excited for summer! Missed out on it last year...
Union Station Ficellenians. You clean us up today. It was a fun day for Pierre!
opening day in Japan?!..Really?!...you guys need to revamp the P.R. Dept. ....asap! Maybe the can give you some pointers!
And we all told you to come along! I owe you a coffee, let's go to Happy soon.
I'm always late anyway. Nothing new for me.
All day, all night.
He said "You always seemed happier away from home with basically strangers."
haha! What is your dog doing??
And we all know how good free players are for Benfica ... (I'm excited, if this goes through.)
Thanks for all the follows! Get involved, visit our website, drop a line and pass it on.We appreciate your support. Our event is approaching
The Big Fan In My House Is On And Im Already Sick --____--
I wanna go back to Manhatten
basketball, football, and rugby players
Um... did you Twitter get hacked or are you just posting some oddball stuff?
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT THE BIGGEST DEBUT IN TOWN TONIGHT!! MESQUITE HALL! ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY NIGHT TONIGHT
now Tyson was a MAN & he took on everybody. Floyd use to be that way but now it's just $$$$
The things people will do for some extra money in their pockets. Sure can take a toll, if you ask me. How would you pay it?
well said my friend.
RT : Had great time at #SDHangover dinner last night. Kudos to for a great event. Agreed!
i knowww i wish it was :D & aw thanks<3
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Got it DVR'ed. Have to watch it tonight. It's our favorite show!
On a 9-hour trip to IL for my sister's baby shower. We made it to Woodbury before my 2 yo niece announced she needed to go potty
Mom is making tilapia, i fucking love that shit! :D
Oh Thank God! How late are you working?
Thank you, I work hard on my blog! :-)
M24 said if your model is bigger than the fraction you can still find the fraction or equivalent. 1/4 of 12 dots = 3 dots
Kevin Gilbride is a genius with those two play calls.
you stop!
big bummer. Wish I was smarter so I could carry the torch.
haha its okay, I like our little gossip sessions :b
Is Doing a rockaraoke event for Microsoft in Bellevue
Should I watch Star Wars or Lord of the Rings? Other suggestions welcome.
waiting for my cell phone to charge up before I go SHOPPING!
...gaiety and life to everything. it is the essence of order, and lends to all that is good and just and beautiful." - plato
WEAC will endorse Falk today in Monona. We can do better. Barrett is a way better candidate statewide despite what bad polling data says.
Only 14% of people trust ads, 90% trust their peers more than marketers
Thanks for coming to #SMCMKE &
aww man! Why NJ? Yuck!
he never does... is always a trip!
coworker: "He's tall, beautiful, and sexy" other coworker: "That's how they get ya"... yeah office pep talks
When the praises go up blessings come down
Also i had a scary dream last night About zombies. was there c:
Well I guess now my jacket will be the best thing I got for Christmas ! :)
At my aunts house.... :p
Today was my working out day. This weekend I didn't hit any clubs, pools, parties, etc. Just taking it easy.
Please explain, not understanding your post
Funny you mention that ;-). No promises when that will be ready but we are actively looking into that as well.
You wouldn't believe what I'd give up just to hug my moms again.
Went to workshop on CCSS last night. Many opportunities for media specialists to plug in. It is imperative that we do!
Working on compositional algorithms in Lua, a programming language that I really enjoy using - terse, but extremely capable.
team peeta all the way
Opening Reception at #alamw12 come visit booth 2321 to enter to win a tree full of puppets!! Only a little time left!
just smelt perfume for the 1st time the other day and I loved it!! Wanted to buy it and of course they were out of stock
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter
The #Redsox lineup today is a joke. Ellsbury batting 2nd? Punto leading off? Youk out?
deep thoughts brought to u by ....
is FATAL LABORATORIES !!!
pain makes people change.
Me to the guy buying pregnancy tests: I bet you wish she sent you for tampons.
Health care attorneys Donna Thiel and Theresa have left Baker Donelson in D.C. to joing King & Spalding.
boo hoo. You skin is as thin as his.
This iced coffee is the only thing calming my nerves right now. Thank you,
Follow for VERY helpful legal info that could be of use someday!
I used to pray for facial hair, now I can't stand it
Thank you so much! We really appreciated your help & support.
RT: Such a great day catching up on life, love, and loins with my darling !
Back in the day, and I marched in 2 of the 's 3 parades. And won grand champion.
Watching the show A Haunting Yikes!
Up late working on the show!
Just got my Zumba on!!! I can get addicted to that!
Doug, you'll never get that GED if you continue to spend all your time making an ass of yourself on Twitter.
please respect one another can ?
Happy birthday !
That's a good idea! Hashtag
what r u doing I wanna kick it nigga
Welcome to our #4profitchat friends. Thanks for joining us this afternoon for a quick chat about career colleges with Kevin Kuzma.
I wanna know my horiscope...can one of my #virgo followers tweet it for me? lol
Metro today
But the fact remains......she teaches! School is ALWAYS in session here. Never a dull moment. She's the crux of passion & pain.
Never go without eating for two days and then eat a lot of Chinese food.
Hang in there Demi. You have millions of people who love you and want to truly see you happy.
thx for the follow!
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
hey there! thank you for the follow. you should also check out , #author of 'Star-Spangled Sailors' out in november!
I want to go back to sleep but I don't want to so
Perfect weather
What am I doing wrong cuz ur loving feel so right?
How about cheese curds and bacon?
sure or protect your account so you have to approve new follows
Appreciated--hugs! Rest your eyes!
Let's get some runs!!!!
The spiders on the wall! REALLY?!?!
Perfect weather for cuddling <3
Yes , my #2012 mantra is something like "toward post-humanism or bust" - comforting to imagine a non-humancentric world.
Karen O can screech in our ears anytime. Also, Ticketmaster owes us eleventy billion dollars.
homemade popcorn chicken
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
“ Hope that all of my followers are havin a good day.”
RT : A3 Huge con of being a consultant is how much time you spend hustling up new gigs, as opposed to doing the work.
thinks the boys she dates in KC are all dumb.
How you telling me what I know!!!
« There is something about a #Scorpio that makes you want to share your secrets with them.»
Daybreak starts in just a few minutes. is on her honeymoon this week, so will have your Saturday AM forecast!
Honored to join last night to see how the full dignity of religious freedom can be restored to the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
I say that, load ME3, look at her, and decide to sit through 15 minutes of ME2 to get to the face code part. Then replay 1.5 hours of ME3.
My son's baby tooth fell out today...
nobody care for you. that why nobody woke you up.
Yup. And the media was allowed to make recordings.
Just saw a cop in Cambridge give a ticket to a cyclist!
Goor Morning! Let's dance the clouds away! Dances from German's "Merrie England" coming up in the 7 am hour! Join me (you can lead!) Laura
Bowling with my favorites!! 😊
Having more money than me and paying less taxes (GE, EXXON)
I don't get how anyone can be depressed when music exists. Fucking amazing. #havingamoment lol
I am employed again! A month of being fun-employed is over
hey baby!
is looking for a technical recruiter who specializes in recruiting SharePoint consultants to join the Experis team!!!
RT : Hard work pays off.....
All of this rain has put a damper on my plans to escape to Target! Ugh!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! P
Thanks for the nice review of The Phoenix Apostles, Debra Hamel!
Sweet, hope I get to see you guys! :)
Done with the morning run....feeling great!!!!
june 6 I think it's a wed.
RT : Up next: on what he thinks the US and President #Obama should do about #Syria //Who cares?
great research! now I know where to travel
RYAN IS OUR ELT !<33 tweet it guys!(:
I love too see old couples get back together ( :
very good. Lots percolating. ;D
What would you tell a new international resident to the Metro Region about Thanksgiving and the food?
we should all be thankful. That's the beauty of USA. Let us help one another, rich, poor, black, white, yellow, Democrat, (con't)
Analysis: Dissident&#39;s case poses diplomatic test for U.S. and China
These people are so annoying -_-
did start yet? Almost there
Thanks, Nana! Hope you had a GREAT Thanksgiving!
Today Is World #Autism Awareness Day. Light It Up
U yeah u! Yeah! Ur freakin' beautiful ! And I mean it
hey can i get a ride to practice 2maro??
u look pimp in ur fb default
my sister got her ipod stolen at the competition and my aunt goes "oh i feel for her poor thing" if it was me i would have gotten a lecture
LOL THE GUY IN THE CAR NEXT TO US PICKED HIS EAR AND SNIFFED IT EW WTH HAHAHA
Determined to make today the best it can be.
I love your video :D Make more XD
Two things you don't mess with. My men and my food. Either one I'll have to cut yo fuckin ass.
Come over and let's make love.
Grades just came in so not only am I talented I am pretty Smart! Lets go Degree in two years master of music in 3 and legend in time! :)
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I have fifteen cases of Smart Water in my car (long story). It's 96 degrees. If I drive by a homeless person, I'm giving them one.
Looks Like We're Gonna Go See Them Then :-)“: nah it should be all ages!!!”
Thank you for checking on disrespect of not using the title "President" when referring to POTUS Obama.
Thanks, Megan. Feeling the effects of #1, so how 'bout the first round's on me when we finally meet up!
Hey - love what you guys do! If you ever need a fitness expert, let me know
Im bored..Yupp
May Mystery Project at Raterbug has officially started , volunteers ck ur emails for details! RT
You know it's early when you haven't slept and you get the HeyAstro email at 6am
Back to work.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material world
I wish I was in Hawaii with you guys!
I wish they printed the date on clothing tags so I'd know how long I've been holding on to this stuff.
Will someone please remind me that this isn't a Monday in disguise???
thanks for the follow. check your inbox tonight ill send some your way.
LISTENER SHOUTOUT: To from Sharon, MA for his excellent future in music!! Go give him a follow if you want!
I have videos of him making weird faces & sounds from when he was little. Too funny!
I don't like that
are now playing live on tblms on
RT Some days just do not work. Accept it and move on. Don't let it derail you. *wise words from Lou*
u can't drive
OMG ME AND just saw the hunger games!!!
Currently watching the GOP debate. Wild times!
I totally just tried to RT you a joke about the Ravens all cool-like but turns out it was too long. Fail. But hi anyway!!
You cannot escape reality's trials with a simple prayer!
A sad day. Pat Summitt no longer the head coach at Tennessee. Job title is now head coach emeritus. Holly Warlick named head coach.
Welcome aboard! DOJ has asked a federal judge to compel incoming J&J CEO Alex Gorsky to undergo questioning regarding J&J paying kickbacks.
You're quite welcome, ! Looking forward to the event with you and
I'm lovin me some uber twitter!
US Airways Connects Cincinnati and Des Moines with Washington, D.C.&#39;s Reagan National Airport
if the pollen count at sunset is not at a million then I'm going to come out with the ladybugs. Eden was up all pm coughing
There's one cry from green Rachel! We only need two more in the final hour to reach the over.
my menu for Parent Night does NOT include the ubiquitous pink bouncable sausage, no...just homemade burgers and veggie burgers
shooting star.
I'm 99.9% sure after this game, Omer is going to pass out on the floor.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second rat gets the cheese.
hi.do u honestly think pretty?
"Love all, trust few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare
why are you going?
Cool deal!
I think after I shoot & then , I wanna do a boxing film.
Today is not my day but I'm not gone let the negativity get to me. Ima keep smiling :)
Hi! We're having a Sale on the organic products we have at the salon: Erbaorganics, Lavera, Yes Baby, and Lil Product:)
potter is having women problems so u gotta look over him
Today is National Cleavage day... It's days like today that are proof the terrorist haven't won.
follow back!
3... Guys that have hazel eyes <3
let's hit the ball y'all
Beauty is in the eye of the creditcard holder.
you're a devil.
Cleaning the carpets in the house today. So any future visitor's #ShoesOff at the door
yeah I just realized that...
Apparently stealing home is a big deal... Wouldn't know my religion doesn't allow me to watch the Phillies.
are u starting work already?
your mom<3
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter! "I am the resurrection and the life." - John 11:25
the pillows weren't worth 3,5 hours of waiting, Noodles (the band) was ok. My steak was the best part of the evening - absolutely perfect!.
MEXICO NEEDS YOU PLEASE COME YU MEXICO
if that's what you call it. I call it redneck. Hahaha
your grommets are OUT OF LINE!
Just read something that fucking crushed me and made me feel more alone than ever. Cool right?
I am just checking up on some of my favorite performers and #losecontrol. They make me happy!
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you. -Henry J. Kaiser
Evidently in other countries, it is pretty common to breast feed much older. I learned this the uncomfortable way in Vegas
You know you can have our Chinese tweets sent to your phone as a text? Visit our profile and click the cell phone button next to follow!
Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..
You know I love you, right?
Thanks for outing my negligence!! haha. You better not have eaten my favorite sleeping chair.
cotto in a unanimous decision
There's a heatwave in March and you have a Dundee Variety Pack. What do you drink? Pilsner, Pale Bock Lager, Stout, or IPA?
Yo man, Koontown's gonna be headed your way in August for Onyxcon. Just thought you should know.
Create A beverage centers everywhere media rm, patio bars, pool clubhouses. Just completed a job where we took out living rm put in
I am so confused:(
this nigga funny
Somebody must be EXTREMELY bored!
“: I'll probably get a raise.” Hope so.
I want to be the girl guys double take for. Instead I wear hoodies & trackies & I don't know how to apply make up. I'm 'one of the guys'
#GrandpaFred Whats more is macramé is all right with me.
Drinkin wit my niggaz wil I ever get to see anther sober Saturday agin hmm prolly not ha
Wherever you are at #aao11, you're within 5 feet of a QR code. They're taking over!
Someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
yay ungrounded!!! nd got new furniture and a new tv
Having ABBA's The Piper stuck in your head is a special kind of hell.
You have no idea how happy the news of wet hops makes me. Where and when can I get some?
That awkward moment when you being friendly and someone thinks your trying to get in there pants, Listen I am classy it takes more than that
omg we're so lame but I love it
I have one vote to cast and one voice to speak out. I can only exercise the rights I have, fight what I can fight
you welcome.
Looks like it's going to be a Braised Short Rib Stroganoff Night at Fresh for SRW
Do you think the moose was just doing laps for exercise? Maybe trying to bulk up the skinny legs?
Can't wait for Football Season!!
If you love your life follow us! If you want to #manifest good graciously into your life follow us! Lets change the world #dreams are real!
Cool ass light up watch
hm,,i wonder how long it takes for that nw relationship to stop being awkward..i wanna ffeel sparks.
In the past 3 summers, we have reached an audience of 8 MILLION - both locally and nationally. Be a part of the excitement and sponsor us!
I'm not here today
WHAT?? are you going to have to do stuff the whole time
Great ideas!
or maybe when you come to LA I can take you on a date? ^.^
Cool! Me, too!
Of course ;)
Good luck!
Man I tryin to fuck on some wet ass pussy right now!! Lol
Holla at me.
Best of luck.
♥♥Yay! Mom let me stay home from church! I couldnt fall back asleep so Im awake... For now... 0.o♥♥
Launch! Delivered a link to our beta to our first customer yesterday. We're looking forward to a busy summer of deploying Geedra on a numbe…
i miss you to sister
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. ~Berthold Auerbach
hope you enjoy our music :)
Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company 4/14 ticket winner is TRISHA LOGAN CORDOVA! Congrats! More tkts given away this week!
It sounds like it will be back next week. I'm thinking it's something that's going on with him-show can't happen if he's sick, etc.
nice talking to you! Happy to provide you info - just email me with questions.
I am so jealous of your reunion! Have fun!
EpicureanGroup hiring staff for p/t delivery & other catering staff positions. Eat great food & make $$! Dependable & professional please!
Ravens took Upshaw
#wheniwas13 I had more of a social life than I do now, but I sacrifice that for countless hours on a bike, and I'm okay with that..
You've got to be kidding me
Crying all day, really does make you tired.. 😖😢
lol you should draw my character lol
It is SO cold in my office. I can't even concentrate.
March 13th 10:15 at Buffalo Lounge and Friday 230 at Beale St. Tavern . More in the works .
There is a shirtless man with long chest & back hair holding a baby. The baby is pulling on the hair. This looks like a felony.
Spending this yucky rainy day on the couch watching the Yankees ST game! :)
#SlanderCJWatson, #IgnorantNews, LL Cool J/Old Head Song of the Day & Alex from in studio! All on the Morning Show! 8am!
aw your really sweet!!!
It gets to be nighttime real fast these days.
darn, the first of a block that starts at 5pm … wouldn't be able to make it after work. hope there's a good turn out
Tx for coming guys! Great smoothies!RT : great times!!
Hollywood swinging
Yes fall weather is here! We're excited for the slight seasons change :)
Hope you received the samples - would love to know what you think of them! Please let us know at
AMEN to that!! Y'all have fun today and #GoBigBlue!!!
Best of luck !
Duplicating & Printing CDs today for famous Nashville guitar teacher Rob Jackson. Also, mastering Tal Klein's newest single & remixes.
Your home?
3D Blast Member Cards Coming Soon. Get discounts on Admission or Drinks where ever Blast is sold. Yeah Buddy!
Whoever forgot to tell me that was on twitter must surrender their #Dundies immediately.
Good morning my peoples
No It doesnt work
diigo: on-line annotation tool. Twitter and tumblr.
We have great options for flights, hotels, cruises and transportation. How can we be #AtYourService?
Don't forget, Mother's Day is fast approaching, treat a mother in your life to one of our gift cards!
Excellent!! Where was the meeting? I sure wish I could easily, quickly & cheaply skip over to NS to partake in such things.
- Is this deja vu from June of this year? Hope not! That length of down time is simply not acceptable.
All I wanna do is watch American Bandstand.
well about to go home and do my mama hair then mine! Got church at 6. And don't forget what iSaid
There are 400,000 REGISTERED CHILD SEX OFFENDERS, 80 - 100,000 are UNACCOUNTED for... AND WE WONDER WHY OUR KIDS ARE BEING ABDUCTED?
oh prob bc theres no loserville players out there.....
Unlike the chosen one I absolutely would have voted for #AffordableCareAct in in congress bcuz I have back!
going to friends house
Show no mercy. Open your eyes.
I would like to thank my ancestors and Fortune that I have no allergies.
Hi Romeo this is one of your biggest fans. Hope you had a good Christmas. I hope to really meet you soon. Always believe in you
Who cares if it's raining.....I'm in the hot tub......I'm already wet.
lol am not :P
Cheers to that! Nice work.
Would you buy beer that didn't have a label? Just a brown bottle with a white label with a black question mark on it.
I just want tomorrow to be already over!
Heading to Frys to buy food for the hungry Drobo.
I'm completely delirious right now. I should probably step away from the computer before I get myself into trouble!
y do u need this right now? What's wrong?
Good Morning everyone!!! We have a great show planned for today. See you soon!
Rise & Grind - the beginning of the domination begins!
still early n the West coast
This is one of those moments in my life that I will never forget.
We're going to a blues show in Santa Monica after. Definitely meet up!!!
Ha! Rack rack city. And yes, super awkward...
Live from Chicago im Global Tho.
wow you stopped following me:(
Happy Birthday Mr. President George Washington!
Jean-Luc Pasquet Noble de Grande Champagne cognac while vegging out to Jersey Shore
Finger wants wingy!
It almost seems like junior level coldfusion jobs don't exist
i see no reason to open up to you. At all.
I totally would anything for a friend :)
Have you tried our lamb?
WORD?!....DAS WUSSUP ...SHIT....YA NEED TO START VIDEO'NIT SO I CAN WATCH AND LEARN SHIT ....
hate nj
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week's website is now up. You can submit applications for events. Follow to stay updated.
Going to How to Train your Dragon tomorrow.… Or marriage guidance counseling as the wife calls it.
We'll third that RT : Right? Bizzare. RT : #indieview am I the only one who doesn't feel the pull and tug of Pinterest?
Damn oomfs got a baby on the way and he don't even ain't like it!
What?! So sad! Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount.
You're awesome! :-)
The last 6 people I saw walk up to the buffet just prevented me from getting seconds.
Life conversations with >>>
2012 the year of Microsoft? "In today's tech business, companies have many chances to make a first impression" by slate.me/xdKe7U
At the NTFB Empty Bowls event... can't wait to pick out my bowl!!
the instant bed is completely over whelming I can't handle that shit
Sometimes it's better to be clueless about what's happening around you, than to know every bit of info that would silently kill you...nite!
#FIBC BAGS FOR SALE! NEW & USED, PLUS #GAYLORD #BOXES TOO! CALL FOR PRICES TODAY 561-721-3400
What a treat + all-around cool thing (clean house)...so great to see your tweets about life and what you're doing with it.
I love those embarassing moment articles in magazines c:
Most people know China, Japan and India (among others) are huge tea consumers. But did you do 62% of Russians choose tea over coffee?
Over 10 yrs, Santa Monica has passed at least 3 ordinances against the charitable giving of food.
I love alliteration
yes! I love that show I'm so happy you told me that
At kroger cold af
My office is in #NOLA, but thank you so muchRT : if you have an office in #Omaha I will push later filers your way.
gotta turn it around lol could be Ladies, Laundry, Liquor...lol the L is endless lol
I was evidentially almost assured of favor, but understood my significance thereof
Using Google Docs for faculty agenda is example of using new tools for obsolete meetings.
Your eyes look beautiful in that picture.
I also noticed you wanted some fro yo...
nah but for real call me sometime
Religion Briefs For April 27 - SouthtownStar
we love Call of the Wild for daycare and they now offer boarding, I think. We've also used Stay and they were good.
If I was offered a superpower I couldn't care less about reading all of your minds, I just wish I could decode my own.
You're way too young to be broken. You're way to fall apart.
I received a glamour shot of my car in the mail today...taken by a robot. How cool is that? Racing Weekly will be calling soon...
RT : unfollowing me is illegal in all 50 states and puerto rico
for realz! And you told me the good places to go!
can i get a shout please
Wrote a KIIILLLER song with Leslie Ellis today... we'll finish it soon; can't wait to get this one out there.
Have fun.
you need to come check out one of our shows then ;)
I miss Peter Windsor. Not saying anything bad about Will, just Pete was a class act & knew his stuff
This tweet and you are amazing RT : Just a casual afternoon in district 12
twitter wont let me tweet until now! >:(
thank you~
finally in the home stretch on this masters degree - yeeahhh!
#RSFans Arcade Fire, Kings of Leon & Pearl Jam
That awkward feeling when you get a one word text.
if this is what I think it is I'm not coming in.
haha wow, that's a lot. Hopefully you didn't have to peel them by yourself. I believe I used six...
I can watch that HYFR video 100 times and still laugh at Drake's dance moves in the beginning lmaoooooo
first thing I noticed. Very strange. It looks like a 2 on 2
"a nation deprived of liberty may win it, a nation divided may reunite, but a nation whose natural resources are destroyed..."
Great hearing random cars in traffic tuned into on I-95 south... Kudos
bro! just tweet the damn boy!
Working emergency tonight And tomorrow.. Wish I was at home playing
that was actually really funny, tbh. hahahahah
Thank you for the updates, you guys.
Your community is doing really cool things; Leverage relationships to keep up & deliver what they want, when they want it?
Do you know how to get a head start on the competition and preview all the new listings before they do?
I am so grateful for a new day - its another chance to get it right. Everyday is wonderful if that is what you want!!
Very cool vid.
Followers, how did you feel about Guilty Crown, the love it or hate it show to drop every week? I personally found it to be pretty good.
Don't get caught up in the nonsense... Be who you are supposed to be.
Lawmakers ready moratorium, study of specialty license plates after gay group targeted
omg, you guys are too much.
Don't get cute w/ Matt Kemp on 0-2 He's going to take you deep past the 400 mark if you put it over the plate. Now Ethier HR!
I had to miss my annual packers game due to my mom having surgery. It would be amazing to see a playoff game at lambeau!
Q6 Good question. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again?
Back at you - looking forward to getting to know you too! Have a great weekend!
I preciate it cuz ill keep it touch wit u
Forreal.. don't interrupt.. RUDE. ~Magggs(:
#stupidquestions can another author undo what Hixie did by writing <time> back in?
However did you find me on FB?! Other than the fact that you also appear to be Man Ray, back to haunt us all
Yeah, it's a bitch when you cross up your Twitter accounts.
His dailies are amazing, I'm getting a few of his stills framed.
you got that good stuff.
I live by the adage; Never Pay For A Pen.
Walking home from the capitol was a mistake. Never again.
haha new category name!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 5
Agreed! MT Karen Mok thinks that MO_HKG is her fav place 4 tea & that she always feels it’s a ‘home away from home’
P.O.'d Pissed Off you moron
Chasing Fireflies by Charles Martin. RT : What are you reading today, early crowd?
Teacher is having too much fun with paint right noww
Church was seriously so sad.
Who actually wants this stuff?
if da shoe fit wear that mufucka
They will!
love that song! Drake - We'll Be Fine <3
Who are we kidding? We always have #VIPstatus. I have my golf lesson today, so by Sunday I should have my #golfswag on.
Mentions = Dead
they will go for naps now
hahaha no. i don't think so.
Darn I'm out of shape
I can't find your original quotation from Tagore, so I'm lost in the tweet-o-verse... but I'd say "unpracticied"; it's human.
I'm sure there's some 16 year old out there trying to figure out a way to make the muffler on his Prius louder.
R.I.P. WHITNEY HOUSTON
Guys look up Andrew Constancio. Doesn't he look like Alex!? :D
cooked what /
good morning c.b!
“:“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.”- Dr. Seuss”
What an evening of debauchery. Come say "hi" tonight Metropolitan Bar in Williamsburg as I judge a drag pageant. Then off to Bar 13 in NYC!
Guess what? Monday's the day we start turning off the wi-fi between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM. We love our laptop pals, but need lunch seating.
When I see a big piece of styrofoam with compartments, I'm reminded of the days when that would've made a sweet base for a GI Joe war.
Need sum snack meijer here I come...
hm sure
Ah yes!! It's so creepy looking!! But hopefully in the end it will look better than it has the past 20 years hahahah
Are you on vacation? Or following the #TrophyTour?
Lol....he wants to go to my house....uhm. I NEVER TALKED TO HIMIN FOREVER THEN SUDDENLY HE TEXTS ME. WTHE.
I probably should be going to bed ... but my #buckeyes are on!
GREAT WIN GUYS
Why is there a message on my YT homepage that says 'I call shenanigans'? I'm confused..
": What kind of person doesn't like ranch? : " what kind if "person" doesn't like Bacon?
How do you hate levels by avicii?
Hmm. Very high concentration of Western Governors Univ students in FL and GA. Curious.
You mean grief and rage at Hamas cowards using children as shields!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sucks when I
on second thought, i think you should name your project "easy spirit".
#FF and breathe hard-working women writers:
That's the machine. "Rock the boat!" "How big was it?"
At the halfway point at #100innings, its Team Lembo 46, Team Rudy 30. Just 50 innings to go.
a ducking relaxer, trim and style!!! never again.
Full house for #justfilms -supported #DETROPIA premiere. Great buzz in the room at
thinks the Harley Davidson Museum exhibits and the Motor Restaurant are perfectly wheelchair accessible!
understanding power equality
Deliberately avoiding turntable.fm. I don't have the time for productive things let alone that.
New Icon thanks! !:)xx
you go girl. but seriously, that's impressive
counting down the day...can't wait to see on the Made In Detroit stage.
Same Day Hot Foil Business Card Printing available at NYC Printing 123!!! Think out of the box. Affordable yet High quality printing...
Hey u
Step it up bro! Lol...they Still got Red, Hot and Blue out there on Academy?
With you all the way on that one.
ok bye take care :) i'll miss u..i love u too so much <3 have a nice day :D
you, too! love #FF for finding new and interesting companies!
My family talk all loud for no reason when there literally less than a foot away from each other -___-
Hanging out at the
that's what I'm saying get me!
Goinqqq to #GGC in the fall :)
With the 30th overall selection in the #2012F2Amockdraft the #49ers w/ select Janoris Jenkins CB Alabama
”Pay attention to the whispers so we won’t have to listen to the screams.”~Cherokee Proverb
It cud've been easy for us. I cud've loved u harder than any1 else could ever imagine. Here's to wrong choices & a life of regret, my love.
#ThirstyThursday cheers! Following.. RT We have a new Twitter family member. In NEW YORK! Welcome, welcome !!
great post..
oh wow. That's gay. There's a couple that are like 2 months ahead but no one knows that they're a couple. Lol
Love it! My #twitter friends showing in numbers this week! Keep it going! & , you too!
Vehicle Health Report shows you vehicle diagnostics, scheduled maintenance and recall information, and lets you schedule service online
thank you :-)
awesome or foolish, next time pls tweetpic that shit
wow. She's so damn cute
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
hen you've reached the deepest point, than it can only get better.
Minnesota Vikings: 10 Biggest Mistakes in Draft History
my lil homie don't smoke, he asked what should he do on 4/20..easy, fuck with your smoking friends. only answer them in worried whispers.
The most level-headed Huntsman
How are you spending your Saturday #Indy?
Just told he needs to connect with you. Told him the story you gave at #smacsrit, and he needs to know more.
Disney is great at creating unrealistic standards for both genders.
omg zayns face during his high notes
Not enough snow at Killington to ski this weekend.
Just got back from HIDE! & go seek tag with like 5 others.
sometimes when i see ugly people i have to look at pictures of myself to reassure myself im not THAT UGLY
So I have the most amazing girlfriend in the world annddd she is all mine because im not sharing! (:
Agh! You can't do thato us and not TELL! Grinning for you!!
FORGIVE MY IGNORANCE. EDUCATE ME, MOMMA
And the debate begins... Blackberry or iPhone?
I don't want to worry about my girlfriend talking to other guys and shit. Relationships are too stressful.
Hi everybody! Guess who's FINALLY 14? -Shariah
which purr?
Happy belated birthday!!! My bday gift to you is waiting to finish Sherlock when you do.
Awesome to start the day hearing about the wonderful things that chef Ricardo and Ron from Alchemy are doing to teach kids to cook!
Grumpy and sick is my favorite outfit.
Missed the NY countdown again.
thanks...been meaning to read the paper the media report is based on, hopefully soon. Bad news for those trying 2make science sexy
Brown eyed boy
Bitch I'm a bad boy you can't tame me !!
Someone play halo 3 with me..
Squirt. Squirt. Squirt. That's better
Junior seau dies,a future hall of famer,god blesshis family and god rest his soul..MUCH lOVE
Prepping for the new week. Let's see what it has to offer.
lmaoo that's us
nice to be back in the studio today in bushwick, recorded a few new compositions of mine...& eclectic gig w/Dane-vox was on time last night
People with no sense of humor are the one's living a life full of STRESS.
RT : If you are in any type of SUV and you drive around speed bumps you are probably a pussy in real life.
#MyLifeSucks When will , & Follow me .
The house is a disaster, but we have Ella Fitzgerald in rotation. So bring on the guests.
i would watch the ABDC reruns but i can't find the remote and i don't want to get out of my bed...
“: great article...OPS guys have it hard. thank you for posting that my man” AMEN
Changing the playlist to Beastie Boys.
OMG It's all there! They're amazing. Such beautiful, perfect pieces of design (and totally foresaw the future)...
Ha! RT : I need that Willy Wonka ass cream.
anytime! Be not weary in your well doing, in due season you will reap if you faint not! Love ya!
I just seen some dirty bastard pick up a hooker lol
thousand times, radioactive :)
Great #uwebc meeting coming up on 12/8: Companies talking about best promotional strategies across channels
Watching the fight at home this evening go Mayweather...
Instant #goosebumps when a dad shakes ur hand & tells u how grateful he is 2 be near his son & 2 call us his "home". That just happened :)
It's Paul George's fault, really. Shouldn't be having two first names. Whitlock gets a pass...
Buddha sounds materialistic . Something is lost in translation //“: All that we are is the result of what we have "Buddha"”
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. —⁰ Lao Tzu
I'm ready for another #great #day!! :)
...the tweet party in my pants?
and Josh singing "This Love" is getting me pumped! Love this song!
I KNOW/Suspect that EVERYBODY knows this by now...i AM SLOW for twitter standards....need more 'hands'/feet/eyes..ha ha. plus of course a
At #TheCup key lime cupcake and salted Caramel cupcake oh so yummy.
Sure I don't like Fanny Pak as much as others crews, but I'm not saying they are not good dancers. I still respect them for dancing good ok.
#ICanHonestlySay that I really hate homework
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears. ~ Woodrow Wyatt
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them. - P.J. O'Rourke
It isn't where you came from, its where you're going that counts. - Ella Fitzgerald
Just ran 12 miles. Now, someone please kindly deliver mimosas to me on my couch.
NERD ALERT
#AdworkersTrivia! RT : Representing #CK at Trivia Night tonight with Let's do this.
The new projects cover Arapesh languages, the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, and dev. philosophic arguments (no, you can't buy an argument)
Umps are terrible tonight. Awful calls going against both teams.
welcome to Twitter!
RT A no-nonsense approach is favored and too much verbalizing or complex fantasizing is not a #Taurus trait.
Happy Leap Day! We'll be adding 30-40 great entertainment apps to Mynd each week leading up to the Discovery Engine release. CU Inside!
Last day of regular school! ;). Next week finals go to school do your test and leave
"Beer for SURE soon." HAHA. Perhaps I don't need another.
Got some great shots of #Braddock, PA, including the US Steel plant and some old buildings. What a great place!
I didn't tweet all day.
think like a man was funny as hell!
Getting ready for work.... Later twitter
answer my question and I will. Also what was shameful abt the post you referenced?
New Songs Droppin ASAP!!! #LAURENANDLARAIN AND
I can't wait to see Katatonia and Opeth in PIttsburgh on October 31! Hope all is well with you.
Bed at 820.
we loved last night. Superb performances! @
6 Lessons in Successful Social Media Use -- quick n' easy tips via &
Interior design project. fml.
He's dead!
I wanna go mini golfing.
Domenech: we're frustrated. 4 n's: NCLB, no reauth. No reg. Relief, no money.
thanks and what about you? Single? Kids? He is ok
Thanks for the RT! you're the best!
thanks girl lol :-)
I love fantasy football..but I hate fantasy football players.
Just when I thought I had extra cash, you go and launch a sale. Well played
oh ok never mind, figured negative on both sides meant something was not right
Good am. Fun day ahead, vac day fr work, bike ride 1st, then heading to Long Beach Grand Prix
hanging with blue eyes. yyyeh:)
let's celebrate soon please!
I didn't Want to wake up:/ ugh.
Thanks u 4 Hazel's prayers I felt the angels being dispatched&her healing taking place. God is good.
I love when my mom and tias all get together. My grandpa gets mad cause they talk too much! :)
clear communication is key.
sorry for the late response man. we were locked out of our twiter account for some reason!
If I'm aggravating you, unfollow me.
Got these burgers cooking right now. Man, I can't wait til the summer gets here.
thanks Tracy! Ruth is a great lady,
that makes sense. We are seemingly always in the market for a quick fix: Jefferson, Jackson, Maggette to avoid blowing it up.
I'll take him!
I don't work out though. I want to. Thats why I asked haha
Let's go Hawks!!!
Man! Ohio, make up your mind... It's Spring. It's Winter. It's Hot. It's Cold. It's FREEZING! ... and that was just today!
maybe a follow back lol
should've known Rancho Bravo would not survive SEATTLE SNOW-POCALYPSE 2010.
that moment when someone's your first priority but you're not even there second...
Crescent knew the word C A R R O T... we had to call them "orange pointy things" :) Calvin knows the word H U N G R Y = food!
Esopus wants estate owner to stop wedding reception ads until town gives OK
lmao no, the chicken is under it
Does LED tube need ballast? No. It saves cost and energy on ballast.
Happy Birthday #CharlesDickens!
It gets even more confusing when were talking Menomonie vs Menomonee... Sauk City vs Saukville... Waupaca vs Waupun...
Doesnt offer what? Anything we can do to help?
RT : Thank you, sir < my pleasure
Happy 420 idon't smoke but hope My fellow smokers have a great day hehee !
I love buffalo chicken pizza.
did a while ago. Want me to post it again?
come mingle I'm here
Can't be official - there's no kazoos!
Prologue for me.
I really wish the pool was clean...
haha O. jeez
Cooling water from grandmas well.
#cjsmLaw firms and social media The way to get more followers is to be of great value to your current followers
are you familiar with nassim haramein and his theory of the schwarzschild proton? if so, what are your thoughts?
#SpriteSlam Evans Twice as nice!
S/O to all the folks supporting #Scandal right now. It it's more important than you know and paving the way for talented actors and writers
Boys complaining about these girls fuck that drama ! & best believe if you send me a pic i'ma post that shit on #twitter . Ha
Crying uncontrollably
I'm just saying...we've been using it for a lot longer than what is considered "new"
i think tonight im going to step outside my box and actually enjoy myself
The Brewers today extend the contracts of GM Doug Melvin (through 2015) and manager Ron Roenicke (through 2014, club option for 2015)
she kno how to do it
I Hate My Face.... LOL nice trending topic
it was beautiful
Trying to study at Anondyne with Bayview's knitting society talking about bitch slapping people behind you, is pretty friggin pointless!
and when i saw Brad, i said hi and i asked if he remembered me, he said he did! :p i hope he doesnt just say that x)
The Baha Men were damn near tight lol
Wings are hot.
Why thank you, darlin'!
Do what you love and the money will follow - Marsha Sinetar #success *Love amplifies everything*
Just finished our first of two sets at peaches in yellow springs, about to watch play some whack formal
#CV city manager saying executive compensation has been cut by 25% already.
Double date con ;)
Thank you!!
You're mine<3
Awww poor Ness! She's a bad ass for trying though!
Thanks for the shout - out! Pretty dope! Also check out our facebook & Tumblr!! elephilms.tumblr.com & facebook.com/elephilms
With the amount of stress I put on myself I'm convinced my first heart attack will come in my 30s
told myself the same thing. well dudes*. too stressful.
Zorro = Black Mamba
Sales of #kiddori has been picking up on Windows Phone the last few days. :-) I really appreciate it. I'm hoping #iPhone sales will match.
When I start thinking anything is possible, I become quite remarkable. When I believe in myself, I have the first secret of success.
that would be so nice
Sure. Let me know what you need from me.
#followfriday just for sharing so many!
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
#icloud is dead.
Going to bed because there's nothing else to do.
Any suggestions for strep throat??? PLEASE! I got asked out by three guys today lol
ugh why doesn't he follow people back -.-
BONES comes on. Changes channel.
Clueless made me fall in love with Paul Rudd...still in love
I believe the better half of the students decided against it. Considering they were going to pull the funds for D-1 from tuition.
#Sting tomorrow at 8pm at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium (also performing Saturday at 8pm)
F**king Windows f**king piece of s**t operating system!!!
Follow NOW
And once again I'm not invited?!
If I went on a rant on Facebook, I would have been shot. On here, everybody is chill.
1st ounce sale today gets an 1/8 for free. Mention Facebook
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod & The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
Another great Spring (Break) Seminar! Thanks, & colleagues. I am going to bed!
Those are some great Chicago picks!
Today was such a great day:)
I wanna go deep sea fishing 🐟
My sister got me a shirt for Christmas. That's love.
Awkward....awkward.....awkward....
I got Finals coming up in two days I know I am ready for this!
Fantastic meet and greet last night with producers, directors, actors, and many others in the industry!
getting out of school a week earlier gave me another idea #sixflags 🙌🙌
promises promises
I wanna burn one with #oomf tomorrow
Varmus: Open Access is immediate worldwide access with re-use with attribution.
same to you!
Maybe next season we can cut to the chase and paint the roof of the Space Needle "Tacky No-Taste Teal".
ok wat is going on like 4 realy who is haley and wat up with the iconic boyz ???? some one explian
Alright, who's Pre-Ordering?
Can you master/slave ipads for a powerpoint presentation? Would put projector business outta business.
aww ok! Well, enjoy Austin for me!! :-)
Ur so sweet! How are you? RT : #WW Must Follows:
20 And Adah mothered Jabal who initiated the pastoral life.
Of course, 180 has gotten me thru countless rides on the subway. Makes the time fly and helps me avoid eye-contact!
Handbells at church sound so great!!;P HE>i John 3:30
Hey, remember how great Kordell Stewart looked with the Steelers? Gailey can make bad look ok
After some long struggles, we finally have internet at home. Phew...
Does anyone know if Any of the JIRA apps for iPhone are any good?
John Lennon's aunt Mimi- "That guitar is okay but you'll never make a living with it"
hey what's up?
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Golden Retriever, Poodle, Bulldog, Labrador... How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat...
OH MY and how could I forget it's #PPL day!!! Yayyy 😃
My tl full a people goin H.A.M on dem thomians
The few. The proud. The 90's kids
WordaboveWater is movin up wat a rehersal great work this album is gonna be crazy
the new dashboard should let us have more than 100 friends bro once it comes out
you're so perfect. K? K!
messing around with custom roles, capabilities, and UI trimming in my library cms dev setup. fun stuff for a friday afternoon.
BREAKING: Mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow to mud wrestle Week 3 of the preseason to determine QB 1.
Im ready for Green and Gold Today with and I think there is something worng with the live stream tho.
that was perfect
i'll bring you a shirt!
>50% of US babies now non-white. Hope GOP continues with head in sand on that fact indefinitely.
I have no clue I'm heading home now but my dad is wanting me to work in the yard
#latin quote of the day - Oedipus oculis se privavit. - "Oedipus deprived himself of his eyes."
They also have tater tots. SO YUMZ!
face down knees to da grown bend it ova bust it open get fuck like you ugly....
Trying out for talent show tomorrow . Singing How To Love . Hope I make it!!(: Wish me luck!!(:
The concerts last week helped my soul. I had missed live music.
- In the $1 bins! Can you believe it?!
I'm a personal trainer and athlete, ain't nothing wrong with a Lil free advise ya know ;-).
yep, found it. responded. /cc
Is it right to think that, if you want to be followed, you have to follow first? Have a blessed weekend everyone.
I'm not mean, you just don't deserve my kindness.
Sometimes we get so focused on the end point (sale) we forget that customers take a journey to achieve that end point.
Boarding pass on iPhone, check. WiFi on AA flight, check. On-time departure, check. Nice way to start the week and trip to Chi-town
Thx to leaders like u we r the #civicpower305 RT on Marlins screen @ game w/his kids,making green around this city
Thank you for following!
yea that is cool too! I feel like I'm posting when no one is paying attention sometimes though.
You'd think after years of working with catalogs of production music I'd be over it. No way. The moods are just so magical.
#edtechnyc : Be open to starting as an #app on an existing platform. started as an #iOS app.
& shud tweet their BIG cousins aka my sisters! That wud b nice 😍
Conventionalwisdom:If only some other R ran.I disagree.It's the policies that're unpopular.Whoever adopts em looks bad for doing so
En route to and then to festival to help spread some #BaltimoreLOVE w/ for !
His laugh his voice his smile his words his kind heart his talent #Justin is flawless :) <3
We've been awarded "Outstanding New Musical of 2010-2011" by ! We're honored! Read all the awards here: www.stagescenela.com
Hello twitter-verse. Things are about to get real with packaging, plastics, and equipment What you got? We want it.
": ": Partying with the Locs tonight lmao" ugh" i know right its my people birthday tho #fam first
What an excellent morning, Lisa! Way to start the month.
now following .. his tatts & piercings are most definetly a turn on.
This phone meeting has only been going on for 10 minutes and I already want to put my head through the wall.
you're on your ipod, you dont get caught?
I want the UDC Backus Campus Open House to be a celebration for the community as a whole!
shivermetimbers! A SanFran boy introduced me to your work in Arkansas in 95.Thank you for the kind words, sad about the subject
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
#Grammys- lots of fun tonight. Adele deserved it all. Tony Bennett is amazing at 85. Enjoyed McCartney's finale. Minaj bit was dumb.
#WinstonChurchill "Courage, is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others."
i only wanna give it to yu..my heart that is.. ;)
oops i mean MOG
Lots of truth there - hard on those days when I dont feel relevant
Got 1 of the 3 shows in yesterday before the big storm! Off to Bradenton later today for a show.
“An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.” — Victor Hugo
Just saw a nigga with a motorcycle helmet...... Standing on the bus stop ....... Just a lil confused
that's the one I used! It was good, but the biscuits made it taste like something different than enchiladas. Have you tried it?
hahah, sorry I'm not sorry :)
I WANT TO GO TO IMATS >:(
It hurts how you avoid me so much
honestly, i dont even care anymore.
happy cinco! RT : 3 drinks one should drink this weekend: Mint Julep, Margarita or the Incredible Hulk (Hypnotiq and Cognac)
you've earned it and more!
next time i'll head south. i love baby-sitting :-)
It misted more than anything.
It Clearly States "THE SIDE EFFECTS" Of The Drug. Its Well Known
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
So, TEDexNYED MC immediately disavows any relationship with 's taking on companies in his presentation. #HaveTheyNotSeenHimPresent?
Artful Watcher: Lorna Simpson: Gathered @ Brooklyn Museum. Exhibit ends August 21, 2011
boner = killed.
well I hope that cured your boredom even if it was minimal
just got done listening to Every Little Thing <3 omg. Love that song (:
Zombies of the night.
Someone donated a copy of a sex guide that's older than me. I wouldnt trust a dating guide or a techh guide over 5 years old
Thanks for coming out on the tour this Saturday! Hope we can do it again soon.
Got Gotye tics? All the SF shows are sold out. Insert sad face here:(
Bitches These Days!
- Did she just unlock the door & pop in & find you naked & having sex on the floor in the living room ? ... #kuwth ...
Why yes, yes I will skip out of work at noon to drink beer and eat wings while watching the tournament.
I serously thought teachers werent allowed to give homework this week !
This weekend: tree lightings in Bridgeport, Aloha, and FG, wine tastings all around, music, theatre... it's good to live on the Westside.
An #Orioles / #Nationals World Series would be awesome.
Great addition to HStNE# retail mix RT : It's official! We are coming to 1108 H St. NE in early Spring!
So the truth I guess I'm just not done. Thought I was. But not yet.
Mercy Dukue IS MT BIRTHDAY tomorrow YES BABY YES CAN WAIT O YEAH
Bon Iver in concert is (somehow) better than the albums. In Indy, the top songs were perch, skinny love, wolves and hinnom tx. Def rec!
Money should be utilized as a tool. You just gotta know which nuts to screw.
thanks for the retweet!
My SAT math score went up the 20 points I needed. This is something I've been praying about and it happened! God is so good!
