Thanks!! Feel free to use any photos on our facebook page... facebook.com/iamskele
Eh, I'm used to it with him...
I'm so tired
Hospitality is Resistance -
ill just smoke after my workout and a shake
I have basic HTML knowledge, but I can't really put that as something I did in my last few jobs.
I wouldn't know where to look. You have a goofy haircut
i'm such a creep.
At the Loving Touch.
Eating at cracker barrel
Gosh, my dog is gonna be an outside dog soon. She is six years old and acting like she is six months old. Keeps going potty in the house.
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT brand new book Trilogy Fantasy Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make you want..
gaaaaaaaaahhh...i want to go to there
Need mixtape covers holla at me. Ask bout my work
FOR EVERY WOMAN UP TALKIN BOUT WE TAKIN SPORTS TO SERIOUS DONT NOBODY SAY SHIT TO YALL WHEN YALL BE ON TWITTER TWEETIN' BOUT BAD GIRL CLUBS
You should give us a shot!
i can't have any packages come to my house till my room is done =[ of course i got jordans for 60$
On set already outside of the Nokia Theatre!
Just ran into at the office. Looking forward to meeting the 2011-12 CKI board members today!
I used to listen to the Beach Boys greatest hits on vinyl in my living room when I was a young'n
Oh God, I feel so scrubby & out of place in Nordstrom.
I love Walmart! Lol.
60 degrees, birds singing, cherry blossoms.
wow... Just wow. Save us a piece!
did McCain just say "surge in Iran?"
do they not practice free throws...ever?
Im listening to Kings Of Leon packing....... Cedar Point better be worth it lol
you all are totally rocking it out on TSO...I am huge a cappella fan and performer...IMO the five of u are just amazing!!!
RT: : Please, tell your followers to follow us, and to consider helping us trend #LoisLaneSeries on 12/12!
I could take one to ALA and I'm sure I'd find somebody willing to glower over it for you. :)
you can be in my brains anytime
OU lighting it up coming down the stretch. Gonna be a photo finish
Hour in a half left of work
Really go dick ride Tannehill
VY is out as #Titans QB. Fisher stays!!
MY LIFE
How inappropriate is it to send hate tweets to and #SteveBlake'sWife!!!! Grow up, Laker Fans!!!
One is never too old for a good 'ol white cherry icee
its new , dont buy it tho .
yay I am so exited for b/d days now
McGehee should just go to bat wearing a hard-shell sombrero with an ear flap.
New EP & free show June 1st!
what do u need?
get an iPod! Battery lasts way longer!!
“ Idris Elba... stares intently in your eyes and says "I want to make love to you" ... and there you go .
Why can't you remember stuff when I tell you
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
off of facebook
Why rain on friday
When I get home, I'm sleeping for 20 hours
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you get pinched and you aren't asleep.
ohh yeah ill text youu c:
aw :( sad face she's gonna make you clean desks
Where have you been?
Are you going to the Indiana Business Rally? Use hashtag #IndianaBusinessRally to connect with other ralliers!
I can give up every fast food out there but when i pass a taco bell I just gotta get a burrito
Ugly girls dancing to Brittany spears at iggys...stop
You like it? I'm going to say this, and possibly again later, repeatedly..I LOVE RAY BRADBURY! Okay, I am done, for now.
it's interesting. ;D Let me guess you love Liam?
This allergy thing is going to kill me! I've never had them before. Apparently you get them when you move to the Valley. Drugs please!
RT "Successful people NEVER stop growing! They never stop evaluating, learning, asking, failing, & trying." -Michael Chowning
here! Talk at the lunch break?
I am hoping to get my blog added tonight for information about food, recipes, health tips, videos, and good ole fashioned stuff
The key is not to prioritize your schedule but to schedule your priorities
Yep. Mom is from Eagle Pass; Dad is from San Benito. They live in Eagle Pass now.
Cabrera HR- #Tigers score the 1st run of the game in the 1st.
amazing! Flawless etc. :D
thanks man! Just getting our clothing line ready for summer release... What's good with you?
New Toddlers and Tiaras tonight! (:
My grandma is cursing the Comcast people out lmao
haha. So was the burger little or big?
right.thats it..:D
great meeting you at #shecon and hanging with you at the after parties. Please keep in touch and let's brainstorm sometime
• THANK YOU. I've been asking everyone. About the third R.
lmao i&#39;m glad you feel comfortable enough to tell me that... but idc. terrible way to waste such a pretty mouth lmao
Sixers and Flyers in the same day? WHAT!!!! What do I wear? I'm gonna rock the Briere winter classic jersey!
I wasn't really going to watch anyways
You already know what I think you should do..
Workshop on Selphyl, the “Liquid Face Lift”.Today,Nov. 12th in only a few hours-1:00pm in Coral Gables.Call 305-640-5603 for info!
U good bro?
was the pizza good? Were the sweet potatoes already cooked?
OLLG tickets. Let the hunger games begin.
Don't care what you look like, if you're cool and nice to me, you're awesome in my book.
Bet Tebow looks better in practice reps.
I believe in jurisprudence, obviously, but it'd be great to skip rest of trial & sentence #Murdoch & Brooks to lifetime of hacked calls.
Oh you still love Justin Bieber? Have fun in 4th grade next year!(:
totaly swag on video (love Will Find You) come to Croatia..
I will talk to you anytime... Not just the number game
Yes! RT : Congrats to , and for running an awesome campaign of twitter shock and awe yesterday for
When I looked at coverage, 'breaking news' didn't appear to be a fair barometer.
One of our endorsed candidates, Chad Lauga, released his new commercial today. He needs your support to win! Share this....
not sure. If I do it wont be until after summit. We're going to Hawaii then a week back home then right to summit.
RT Jeff Van Gundy: Asked Morey how many wins would result from going 2-for-1 every time. Answer: 1 every 2 years.
What do you need to get looked at? We might be able to help
I like Hoosier Fat Daddy's & I think they have a bigger (& changing) menu...more so than West Coast Tacos. Just my opinion.
"I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know people make mistakes. -Marilyn Monroe
what twitter client are you using?
hahahahahah. True friend.
where you headed? Be safe
Day Job(exhilarating) School(exhausting) Watchin DABEARS w/family PRICELESS
RT : Twitter is so cool! where else can a chump like me get to talk with Ernest Hemingway's granddaughter?
Yeah, I've got that on my calendar. Excited! That's my favourite derby event in the world.
EyreAffair: i guess 41. RT bets on the number of followers gets in 1st day. closest without going over wins #sl ...
Yeah... Good luck with that! :)
Get your brunch on before you head out to Summerfest:) Free Shuttle starting at 4pm
Its NOON, and im still up... NO insomnia here.. LOL
Why did they have to update twitter!?
How are you dealing with the current economy? Has your job, business or income been affected with recession? How about your health?
My Cuzco done cut her hair now I'm kick her ass wen I see her
All is now well with the site WORDij.net People can download the software from there as desired.
you think you suck at dinner? I am having wine and Pringles.
we definately should!
Hard drive: Guttenberg&#39;s Printing Press Enabled Mass transportation ...
That is quite the achievement!! Congrats on such great progress!! ^jl
I know all of your flaws and yet I still think you're perfect
I am not an empty doll I'm not ordinary star strange, but I'm crazy I'm Jasmine Villegas! and only honesty is most important to me .....;)
Hey Meatloaf & Busey, keep away from Canseco's juice (steroids). #celebrity apprentice.
Goin home gotta do hw for dr kinsman bt i hope my mother doesnt yell at me again
Most important competency for future leaders? Beverly Kaye:
Shame on #Romney for using Obama's words out of context in an ad to mislead his audience. Don't want a liar as my President!!!!
#iUsedToLikeYouBut I figured out you don't know who are and now it's impossible for me to like you...
"omg you're in a band?" "yeah, wanna suck my piece?" LOL
Total bummer! You wouldn't think that would happen until it really warmed up!
If you want to feel grateful for your own family see Long Day's Journey into Night Powerful play that really haunts you.
Happy Sunday to all!
Creighton Prep tomorrow..
Hey, I love your theme. How can I resize the photo sets? B/c they stay in their original size it throws every thing off?
I dont know why she is so concerned about the person I'm dating. Seriosuly, its none of your buisness... Specially, you trying to get [c]
love you too kid
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
It was when he couldn't say the continents correctly looooooooooooooooool.
Doing a Test and see who really looks at Twitter. So if you read My Tweets E-mail Me at for a Free Product. Ends Friday
The most we can #Hope for in life is Love & Joy... The best we can do is... #Work toward those things that make us happy!
hey it's me off of facebook
msnbc and NBC are not truth seekers! That's why they're viewership continues to decline
It works. Cool
I am looking for #vietnam #war pictures to put in the #blackapril slideshow & i'm so sad. So many have lost their
Also, just ordered two new cookbooks. I may be a cooking gal afterall. Getting into it!
Great weekend w/the Smithville Chamber of Commerce giving me a full tour of Smithville filming locations incl. Tree of Life & Hope Floats
added Alta and Frank to my try list. Thanks for the recs. I'm a big Jane fan. Haven't been for brunch though.
Hungar Games was good, so was the Munchie's frozen yogurt afterward.
Thanks! RT : I like the new name, too. Well done.
RT : Today is National Health Care Decisions Day. Talk about organ, eye and tissue donation – and register today!...
#UFC pay per view to tonight!! Watch it with us. Arrive early for good seats!
Jude told me he hopes I never get grownupnapped because he'll miss me.
She sounds like an American Hero
Uploaded a bunch of proofs this week!! A big thanks to , and for all their hard work :)
I had to change twice! Now my knee hurts, but we still rocked it with the big guns!
One plus of pre-7am trips to Chicago every Saturday: ZMax Racing Country - Music from the fast lane!
heading to my salsa class with elizabeth v.
it's lonely at lifetime without you babe
Hey chefs, thinking of kitchen redo (finally! Woohah!) what gas range do you recommend?
Ha! My first reaction was "Is Jessica pregnant?" Thanks for clarifying.
Someone working on their ceiling right under my sink in my bathroom. Wow!!!
Your welcome :)
not tonight but I might still stop thru tho... and are hosting the show
Very special thanks to Jerry Smith, Elroy Smith and Ms. Cathy Hughes for having me!!! It was an honor!
Yea, I especially like the dancing fox! Actually, I find that tumblr has some fantastic art blogs. CaveToCanvas is just 1.
Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749 - 1832)
RIP, Irvin Kershner. Thank you for the best directed Star Wars movie and one of the best lines, "I love you...I know."
I don't wanna leave
"Why try to fit in, when you were born to stand out!" #teamtallgirls #teamtall #teamlonglegs #teamtallladies #tallandpretty #TGIF ;)
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose,
Forgot I still have to do the diction paragraph for Olsen. UGH kill me now:'(
WTG #ronartest. You know who you are. Way to rehabilitate. dope.
Today is going to be a day filled with Glory!
And you bitches don't wanna hear it idgaf
Jets fans: "The fish rots from the head down."
what kind of text?
that's what I kept saying!
the whole if he only knew how easy it is or something
There are things I wish I could do, that I will never be able to do because I want to be a good person.
that movie >> Haha
not what you use though...all in how u use it. classics have been made on really primitive equipment.
love their wings!
Really want to go see tonight at but not willing to shell out 66 bucks...
So excited to celebrate the birth of my savior ! &&& guess what ,, He loves YOU!(((: #His<3isbettter
"Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means." (Einstein)
blastin kirko bangz and my dad comes in my room and starts dancin least i know where my swag comes from now LMAO
Nice to meet you too! I had a great time chatting after #SITweetup - I will def let you know when we host one at
got my order today!
where been at
Wait, this is a thing? It's not just me?
Make sure you're following for, uh, Nathan Fillion posts? And TMI Tuesday. I guess.
He can't add two sugars and one cream :/.
I Wish iHad A Car .
Cancer alone not enough. Is younger race available? MT : Gingrich on leaving race: "Not unless it gets cancer."
Thanks for the RT!
what do u mean???? But I'm so hungry!
I am not getting much time on here or Facebook today.. way busy and
he did this in Tampa, why is everyone surprised?
it's a bad time for the dystopian concept with the Hunger Games dominating that genre right now.
We had so much fun last week at the Nines we decided to do it again! Join us (& PB&G) on the 20th for our Wedding Party:...
gotcha dude :)
i barely be on twitter anymore...
I can't speak for everyone here, it's not my thing, but whatever you're into, go with it. Follow your path.
u got some funny tweets
I just love all your videos :)
I understand it's not the Olympics, but who the hell is playing for the US Pan Am team. I haven't heard of half these dudes
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls that know my name but don't you worry, cuz YOU HAVE MY HEART<3 :')
People don't change they just find new ways to lie to you.
I don't really know what I'm gonna do. But for sure the wrestling thing.
The natural (or material) enemy of data is cold hard cash.
Thanks sis! Sorry you can't make it out here. :(
Lmfao personal questions with your bestfriend >>>
Weekend workout at the gym. Then some things to catch up on...
oh shit, super jealous right now #hatin haha. I always dream of going there
Thank you RT": Keep ya head up chelle!"
Tomorrow is the big day. Andrew meets my parents.. may god be with you .
oh I wanna swim haha
Things are getting better. I am just finishing up my internship and I have had a few job interviews over the past two weeks.
't that the thinking last year?
miss you times a million
Thanks for the follow Crescenti Moon (CMPetSitting)! :)
good morning! Be careful today
I'll be your honey bee.
Trivia is at 8 tonight. Come try it out!
what's that one?
I take pills to keep my badassery to levels that don't constantly blow other people's minds too!
“To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle.”
Elvis & his Spectacular Spinning Songbook were fantastic! Was the 4th time I've seen EC over the years & it's always great!
you goin to la cosina tonight?
In my last tweet, 'he' obviously refers to OJ. Everyone knows he was innocent and Tiger killed Caylee Anthony.
I love art, and tht is why I does this. FeedMeGraphics.com............
Our homie is coming to #PXYSJ on 6/12. #StupidFacedd Another Superstar announcement tomorrow with !
So today I won $100 to Texas de brazil and then got home and there steak and lobster! Good day!
About to have an amazing dinner with the family! Steak and crab <3 nothing better
Ours got kicked!
yea.. sure
thanks! i'll still talk lots about music. just not in the longer form for the most part.
Missing my #daughters so much <3 Hate weekends w/o my girls....
Thanks for the follow. Horror scares me but I like being thrilled.
interesting idea. But what if the students don't realize what works best for them until they have invested the $?
apparently there's another keithrivers on twitter, and yes i'm copying you because you're so cool
don't forget Catching Fire tomorrow...
oh, so when I'm in the car you can tweet but when I'm not you can't.
Me, too. It amazes me she's always got something negative to say about Obama. But nothing negative about that clown Romney! Ugh!
That makes u one lucky guy!!
Hello Phoenix! Just landed!
#dhtrial I asked p. Atty what are you thinking? "I'm thinking 2:15" was his answer.
spend it with me
ok awesome :-)
Starting now I'm going to save money so I can buy me a computer ^^
Same here!
In Pasadena filming our 3rd spot for Doritos. =)
lmao! Word... Text it to me
whoa now never that lol
When girls start drama with a guys girlfriend bc the guy doesn't like her? Seriously stop acting petty and get over yourself.
Congrats on the #HOF. 2 most famous people from RHS, you and Jeremy Delle.
oh yes, -gasp- conversations are learning experiences #musesocial. I ask people to share personal stories based on a theme
Insanely long day... hope to go to bed soon.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book. - Northrop Frye
I admire "The Journey"--the online campaign for the Microsoft KIN: www.Facebook.com/KIN. Smart, funny. Will it sell phones?
new Family Guy, yay :)!
it is stupefying.
Interesting blended program design from UF for prof. practice doctorate in Ed Tech
Workout.time at golds gym lets see how.this.goes
I fucking hate allergies
Thank you for the Rt.
Well, maybe the market manipulators don't have leverage after all.
Come see us!
Please, do help me peer-pressure the brilliant Need her there :)
Not to butt in but I have to agree and is why Mike's last post cracked me up.
organic cancer fighting foods for humans and dogs
mall with the cuzzzinnnn :p (:
Nigga u doing the most
It was so cold last night I dreamt it snowed.
Do you sell it commercially? If so, you should enter it in our contest and see how it stacks up.
Killing this it's beat right now O boy
Merry Christmas World <3 !!!
time for
Joy to the World! Friday's almost here!
hey dudette.. u sound intense, are you a dominatrix? or what
Wouldn't miss seeing Felger after this!! Go get some coffee Troy. 4th Quarter coming up.
wtheck. Are u ok?? Did u get the block buster job?
while I think the Pres should sign that exec order, the Easter egg roll is not a place to talk policy.
Just finished shooting a car promo for a new client!
Coming up today, Nuggets radio voice Jason Kozmicki, Rockies beat writer Troy Renck and Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta! AM 1510.
RT : physical forms in general have terrible UX.. always takes me forever to fill them out because I'm used to soo much better!
i want to fight for my dream!
had to wait 30 seconds for steak.
I say 2016 for Justice League, with Peter Berg. Remember, Snyder whiffed it with Watchmen AND FuckerBrunch.
Congrats! ": Congrats to our friends at for their carrier of the year award at #NASSTRAC!"
RT : How do you decide on a career? My best advice? Do informational interviews. Maybe is a good place to start!
please recline ur chair instead of hammering it backwards and spilling everything on the person behind you or breaking their laptop screen
Washington park bound!
stay up on all the best deals in Tampa on one page .com
Any artist want to perform @ da 2011 w North AV send stage name an contact to
ik thats right ! And aw man , about what ? Lol
lmao i probably will an cool
tan, clean cut, muscular country boys <3
how are you guys getting there
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
Each wrinkle in the face tells a story.
Have you ever tried using edibles as a way to medicate?
I can't believe what just happened on
Spend five hours in my sister's house, awesome !!
B***h I go go to work Stacking kraby patties (:
I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
I'm more entwining watching my friends do the same things hehe
8 days 'til #CONV12 (client); 14 days 'til #VegFestWA; 15 days 'til Mercer Island Half Marathon. Excited, but wish these were my sleep hours
#moverslongisland is waiting for your requests! need a quote? estimation? call or write us! office working until 9pm!!
Why the fuck would I want that shit -_- haha RT: should come get me so I can get us some swishers
haha oh man that must be AWFUL then!! What's the show name, again? 👀
you should click that little button on my page that says follow(: and guess what... You're a creeper(;
I want panera, so you know what? I'm gonna get panera.
U gonna need me 1day
a little bit of both. Actually mostly twitter accounts of or impersonating dead celebrities.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
That explains all the CSIs, what would CSI: Denver be about? The case of the hipster missing a goof hat?
Delicious halibut for dinner. Now back to the beach for more walking.
RT : I WORE A HOODIE AND THE A/C ISN'T WORKING.
her name's Mary Schwarz.
Wait til you see the list of anti-family, anti-woman bills ALEC lobbies your electeds for, w/ Johnson & Johnson's help.
Happy new year all my fellow duffers, hackers and pros! Best wishes in 2012!
(In Leadership) The oil can is mightier than the sword ~ Everett Dirksen
Going to Ice House Pasadena!!!!
you're way late on that one. Been jamming to that since 'nam
Happy Mother's Day!
Much appreciated! ;-)
it really grinds my gears when i pore some cereal for breakfast and then yelp just my luck #nomilk ill guess ill have poptarts
I feel that #fall is taking its toll / the #sadness surrounds all #thoughts and all sounds / I wish for the light / and tears out of sight
What do you think is the major purpose of jails in the criminal justice system?
Well, there's been MORE of her but she hasn't been on as often, if you know what I'm sayin'.
please follow me your so beautiful and very talented :)
the Kitten on Aristocats has your name (:
I never understood how calling someone short was offensive... I mean like if we need to run we will just go under your legs
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
I'd rather see him dressed up in his (fantasy) MLB uniform. Orioles, right? Homer against the Expos?
She loved the e-card I sent her :)
who!! RT : Zach would've beat your ass you dumb Fuck
Everyone deserves happiness, yes, even you.
#pabst open up the wifi to encourage tweets.
I'm so tired stayed up all night just got home from getting blood work done everything's fine. Now off to bed I go. Be back later. <333 Shan
here's to the best steak grilled in the world !!
The Artist is an absolutely amazing film. It deserves every award it has won and every award it has yet to win.
Swag on Obama
I want to sleep but I can't I just wanna listen to music and be held damn it
just signed up for MAGIC Live convention Aug14-17, 2011. Very hopeful I won't have to cancel.
Day 1 at : have discovered I'm terrified cameras and of expressing emotions. How did I get like this?!
it's getting icy.
lots, I'm sure. i think people steal urban fiction because they are embarrassed to be seen checking it out!
I loved Leaving Paradise, Return to Paradise and Perfect Chemistry. Do you follow your fans?
is make patterns for an elegant design
I'll watch any genre with that as an ethos.
I would suggest getting in touch with Ginny Probasco to find someone. I can DM the URL if you like
You're welcome. It's well deserved.
Flat tire. Bo :(
Oh cool. I need a FUCKING cigarette.
thanks! did you send the info to ?
How can librarians prepare to meet with a vendor? Visit vendor website; compare products; review budget
We pay for our own missions in the #lds church so this plant sale donation is a great help - many thanks to GoldHill Nursery for this!
happy bday lincoln
Waiting for doc to finish up the scans now. Feeling good about it, though! Coolest technician ever! :)
COCONUT WATER – WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS? Coconut water contains L-arginine, an amino acid that stimulates the energy center of your cells, a…
Yes RT : #shoutout to the tall chicks..with ass
ANDREA ESTES'S NAME WAS DRAWN AS THIS MONTH'S WINNER FOR 2 FREE HOURS. BECOME A FAN OF OKC PARTY BUS ON FACEBOOK TO BECOME ELIGIBLE
“: On the GOP: "It’s astonishing that a party with nearly limitless financial resources has such paltry human resources.
All museums have an e-volunteer program. It's called #Wikipedia - team up!
Who will be at Secure360 this year? I'll be doing their social media coordination...
Wooooopppppsss!!!! Rest assured, it seems as though I didn't ruin too much
My last #SundayLibrarian shift until September!!!!
ill play
Hey, we just added new funny tshirts, with the help of Busted Tees. Check it! Http://www.spotlighttees.com. Bring on the feedback!
Former Widcat Eric Adeyemi takes opening kick for Kent at Alabama.
Just because u smoke doesn't mean you cool it just means you suck at using money and you get bored a lot
You look good on me.
51 and sunny with a 100% chance of day drinking tomorrow for my birthday. All-American BBQ in Denmark
You know I'd do anything for this to happen... <3
why are people being so hands-off with this #oilspill ? where are the #celebrity tweeterers that rallied around Haiti?
People are so upset that #MayweatherWon, that they can only talk about him going to jail :p
Words can even explain how fun was today.
congrats on the son big man. you're gonna be a hell of a dad
lmfaooo that's weird!!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im not calling no one lol....
I'm definitely feelin vaishGod for your new name
Bob!! I am always keeping tabs on you and other favorites. Have been regrouping and will fill you in soon. Take care!
Oh my!
Gus Hansen’s Big Win In Big Game
Would you change for the one you love???
what in gods name are you doing saturday??
Yesterday I have watched a amazing film for and #kajol omg it was name of film "dilwale dulhania le jayenge" I love this film !!♥
": I don't chase after anyone anymore.. If you wanna walk out of my life, I'll hold the door open for you"
"No tears now, just dreams." -Fuen
Symbols v pic's? Research=symbols better. MyTalk users=photos, symbols too abstract! Symbols great for verbs? Ideas?
Please and thank you! You pick the cartoons and I'll make breakfast!
Boxwire #BizTip: Don't go MIA after a sale. Good customer service goes far beyond a 5 minute payment transaction.
thanks for the support!
RT Thank God Jesse Sorensen should make a full recovery. An injury at the c1 level scary thing. Good kid w a bright future.
"Keep me guessing with these blessings in disguise - And I'll walk with grace my feet and faith my eyes." ::caedmon's call::faith my eyes::
When it rains, it pours
time travel .
Thanks! We're rerecording so check back often!
kim go hard
Do you think Ballard would hold up against the run better than Casey?
Already regret wearing my Clima~Cools to work. Stepped in a puddle :(
Its currently 1am and what am I doing? Voting like a crazy for in the iHeartRadio contest. You should too. ;)
Nicely done! :)
We have no secrets (except our true identity, but that's just for fun). We only have LOVE. #libraries only have
Sex biased out-migration does crazy things to local sex ratios. 1.16:1 in this Parish.
RT : YES!!! the heat lost hahaha I should have a toast to that
Yay! And I am very curious what goes in an improv cart! RT : We're very excited to be using QCart this fringe !
good morning #dang you live @ the job
THNX QUEEN!!! RT ..Congrats honey!! You deserve it;)
But in order to make that happen, i still gotta get my fuckin feet off the ground. . . . STEP 1
Join us tonight on at 8pm for some holiday cheer!
Welcome to the DMV , lets get it.
let's go eat some Vietnamese and Pakistani food
Happy bday friend! :) hope its been going great!
Thanks for following us, please have your friends follow us too!
thanks for shout out!
awesome hotel. One if my favs! Send pics.
MT : Harold #Burson visit followed by Red Sox Opening Day. Not sure this day can get any better.
Thank you for your work but #nfb now follow back
#castle is good, wife doesn't agree however...
Busy but hopefully enjoyable weekend ahead! :-)
so today is #nationalbestfriendday? oh, oh well. dont have one, too bad.
Lmao when r we going to a game?!?! ": AH"
Thought of the day: Don't be upset about how far you still have to go, be excited about how far you've come! =)
Happy #MothersDay to all the fab moms in my life and by life I mean twitter feed!
is he the eye doctor? Your Korean mother would TOTALLY approve of that, right? Lol
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Ultimately, everything that builds your visibility long-term should start with thinking about how you can SERVE.
Quiet night tonight. Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
yes totally.
im doing just fine havent talk to you in a while!
Fact: I hate working out at home
Really good; loving Altimeter. You're in NY now? Would love to stop by when I'm in town. And vice versa :-)
hi Gary, you can reach us as baltimore[at]lesstalkmorewalk[dot]com or at 443-470-WALK.
The blackberry desktop thing slows my computer right down.
Let your thoughts match your heart. There's no better way to face adversity than accepting that it's purpose is working for your good!
bricks! there is the 4th qtr james we know and love
Thanks! I'll miss working with you too!
Fraternity symbol (kind of the letters) on the inside of ankle with tribal wrapping around. its pretty classy
Tell me about it, stressed to the max. Still with the Bucks.
I Send Her A Morning Text, Let Her No She Was On My Mind.
right - poor coaching and costly mistakes, game could have easily been 21-0 in the first half
Alicia Keys videos make no fucking sense
I was at #oetc12 and went to some great sessions.
Finally reading The Hunger Games after seeing the movie. The Anthem of Panem sounds so much different in the book!
Wow, what a crazy story! Hopefully he finds a good loving family.
Shannon to the Suns!
Me: I really hate my personality Me: I really hate my body Me: I really hate my face Me: I really just hate myself
haha well we agree
Ok, here's one spoiler It's top 18, not top 20 this year. I'll start a SYTYCD Spoiler post.
This is true....": NEVER DOUBT WHAT GOD CAN DO BC HE IS TRULY AMAZING :)"
had a long night that was funny af *i am such an ahole haha
New York State of Mind
You don't know where they've been.
Gross. RT : This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !
Haven't gotten much sleep these past few days. Please just let this workday go by quickly...
I wish #twitter was more about self promotion...
This is fantastic. Thank you! Great to meet you and I'm looking forward to Twitter stalking you in the months ahead :)
Driving on the wrong side of the road in my neighborhood and telling my mom we're in Europe >>
Jason, approximately how many picks will the Pack have in the upcoming draft and in what rounds?
After 4 wks of heavy drinking (奶茶), even heavier eating, all-day walking, and all-night singing & mahjong playing, it's time to leave Taiwan
Thanks for the Blog Post RT!
QoTD: "Control your fate or someone else will." (Heinrich von Pierer)
Girl: he my baby daddy. He ain going no where. OH!! Bol. That's what they think tho? Bby don't keep a man!
please share what brand, I love them!
yup. 1st day tomorrow on Park ave.
i need to get serious about running. i'm getting lumpy.
Remember when I thought you were straight. Hahahahaha!
lol I spent so much money already and i'm still hungry
He's usually good for 2. Pretty nice kid. So so player at this point. Very raw.
Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year. Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter.
Service is what life is all about.
I absolutely HATE how the Huffington Post app auto-plays videos on nearly every page. Can't use the thing in public anymore!
RT I am free of all prejudices. I hate every one equally. W. C. Fields
i have changed and i will change back. Good night breh
omg he did?! BUMMER (for me) lol; and did you get a shoutout? :D
HUGE #NFL SUNDAY @ BPOSport.com w/ #JT hitting his LARGEST NFL PLAY to date, #MrW hitting his LARGEST NFL Release to date, & #HKC SNF WIN
I always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this...
Never can, never will, can't hold us down!
I love him but sometimes he really needs to stop listening to other people !
what does that mean? It comes up randomly when I'm updating apps through the store.
thanks for the follow had Indian food last night!! Naan lover for life!
singing and acting, and I love what I do will one day be a big star to and love justin :)
Great meeting you the other day, Howard!
Padres will honor former Rockies owner Jerry McMorris with moment of silence tonight.
Whoa! R u up you up and ready to party again 2night Shasticians?
awesome :) that's great :)
Dismissal rule will allow assembly to easily replace members who withdrew in protest of FJP/Nour control.
Going to be a busy weekend
I hope RT : but it's a once in a lifetime opty!
I'm glad you're feeling better :)
JULY | REFUSED | CHICAGO
sweet. I see looks like James Jones, Brad Jones, Randall Cobb and Ryan Taylor. I don't recognize the rest yet lol
aww I just finished watching it! So good!
I VOTED FOR RNG, please follow me. ♡
I am very thankful to receive the blog giveaway A Course in Weightloss from Goddess Life Creatrix Feeling so blessed to recv
something like that. He can hit it a ton when he's on. And he's a grand slam champ!
Laundry is the only thing that should be seperated by color
~Oprah Winfrey~ Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
you looked super hot on that stage, btw. c;
Alot of things are starting to feel weird now
you need to make ur way out here to see, Pastor Friend!
thanks buddy :-)
Oh, it keeps getting better. I'm just sad I'll probably have to wait 5 years for the next one.
DM I will be retiring for health reasons & would like to explore acquisition interest in a new category. Please reply if interested.
just watched your story and got tears in my eyes! Well done! Man, lots of great stories from #TheNightTeam tonight!
s/o tu my dawg follow her or get unfalliwed
Poverty wants some, luxury many, and avarice all things. Seneca
Is this guy the greatest Badger ever? (If not for... { "errorCode": 503, "errorMessage": "Service unavailable.", "statusCode": "ERROR" }
I look forward to rematch between you and You definitely won the first bout.
Michael Bay is ruining awesome things.
dance last night was a blast! wish you were there! but also— ouch.
My room is so clean! #LOLJK where's the floor?
Looks like a windy week ahead. Stay indoors at the arena! Open gym Friday night starting 7:30 plus leagues & lil kickers all week.
RT : Lakers expected to release statement in support of Mike Brown in light of ESPN NBA analyst Magic Johnson's statement.
I am about to attend my first sober pub crawl, aka, 100 different ways to drink soda water. Wish me luck!
Why on all of Morgan's ultrasounds she got her thumb in her mouth. Lol
Happy book launch day to , and MIRACLE BEACH. Congrats, babe.
Cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop....MCA come and rock the Sure Shot" #beastieboys #ripmca this whole thing makes me sad.
now it's afternoon! Cheer up;)
bria tryna fight i see bet
I freaking love Austin Mahone.<3
Finally made a slideshare account. Now time to find some educational presentations!
love you guys #hooligans :DD
If you don't like Spongebob, we can't be friends k
i used to be a heats fan when shaq was on there but pple would call me a bandwagon. All because they are having a good season
Only 229 concert pictures. That's self control.
The PoMo MoFo offers his sympathies.
Counting the hours until the Final Four. Can't wait!
Oh and hellur! *waves*
I love you! Salmon Pesto pasta...m :)
Yay, I'm now the intern for the International Association for Feminist Economics!!
#Bees are in decline - not just #honeybees, but also native pollinators.
Chris!!!!! I'm in bed sick and the only way I'll get better is if you come make me tea!! :D
what can I say ... Oneword ": Amazing ! *
.: "Don't let a crisis drive your tempo."
I like physical activities when the point of it is to finish. #marathonorsex?
Im 21 with a kid
Thanks! And I wouldn't be so sure. I've been dealing with my grandparents the last few days lol
RT : Looking 2 design classes via
Chillin' tryin' to get this money
i love the school quotes. like...he isnt even in a public school lmao
Teens practice "intellectual loitering" in NYC arts institutions. Love it.
ooooweee! Look at them purty white laces!
OPEN to serve you today for our 18th Anniversary. Dbl Punch drink Caramel Apple cider.Bookstore SALE 10-30% OFF, Party tonight 7PM - MidN
Such a messed up day. But it's all cool now, my dad took me to Starbucks to get a pumpkin spice latte(: <3
How's the offseason workouts going
I am not easily impressed at all man. At all. Your music is the best.
Latavious Williams did that. Drafted by OKC RT : Can kids sign in d-league rather than go to NCAA?
Bill Clinton will always be our #President - u will always b our mayor
ROTC interview at IU at 10! Should be fun :)
Sometimes you just have to steal talent.
i promise<3
Good to meet another conservative in this industry, HAHA.
Thank you!!
Have to go speak French with a UTEP professor tomorrow so that I can get into French 2 class. So nervous.
omg psycho people
My P.E teacher is so lazy...he hasn't put in grades.
So is Beckett's golf handicap higher or lower than his ERA?
Follow me and ill follow you
Happy Birthday!!
I thought you were kidding ?! (: LOL
other 'facts') and it is now passed along. When I'm at my computer I'll send you the source link. My best.
I'm only happy when I'm naked.
Damn wrong. ; ] You got family down here or just coming down for the hell of coming to FL XD
Dear #idiots: if you're going to rob a bank, make sure the bank isn't the 1st floor of a DOJ building across from ATF
Handzz up. Suddenly, we all got our handzz up ;) dn_nb
Its two cold out for this.! Glad I brouqht pants lol
RT : Fusion will be in San Diego next year -- woo-who! I can't wait. I (clearly) love California! #D2L11 (via )
Job seekers: whichever email address you use to apply for a job is the email address you should check regularly. This should be obvious.
Cooler than a fan, flyer than a plane, gotcha chick panties wet yea she hotter than a blaze...
we will. Better come early if you want a seat! Joe
lol "It's a Jump to Conclusions mat. You see, you have this mat, w/ different conclusions written on it that you can jump to"
i just got on the bus now haha
whats going on w my team ? :'(
that is right scooter the knicks won there freakin justice in the world
Hey my awesome cousins ===> Have a wonderful "Happy Easter" :)
You used to hold me
So glad to hear! YAY Lola! :)
#97 | It's what they asked for...
Win on the Road!!!!
Aye Motivation..!!!
Can Bobby D let the protestors get their thought out? He asks a ? but doesn't let them finish speaking B4 he asks another ?
Texans worked out Jeff Garcia? I was wondering what happened to him. Good to see he's still alive.
For the record, Laura Zucconi is
Happy B-Day! (:
Great way to start a weekend, parking ticket 4 plugging the meter....
Oh, you're gonna go public wit it!!! RT : I'm so gonna bitch slap Like the bitch that he is.
Check out #GURT2011's discussion thread on Facebook for shared accommodations.
against in a battle today....
One of the quieter forms of university debt is the one where a graduate student has to get a job that includes a fee remission to continue.
i like caroline, but they need to add Rosie as a regular for sure, she's a hoot
Ramirez big hit, Gutsy squeeze call by skip & bullpen gets the job done! Sounds like a perfect way 4 Brewers to give Braun night off & win!
You really can't control who you fall in love with.
Time for a new strategy. The devil is a lie and I refuse to give up. I can do ALL THINGS thru Christ which strengthens me.
Of the aruging & fighting & sht it's gettin old
I'm thinking about joining the IKA
Great time at Adairs last night, thanks everyone for coming out. Special thanks to guest performers Kate Leary and
Ppl piss me the fuck off.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. ~ Tony Robbins
That is so awesome! Congratulations.
It's a full time job tryin to b a rapper these day, I'm tellin u..nigga it's real criterias and guild lines to this shit
Discussion is over.
IM NOT IMPRESSED WITH WHAT I SEE.... OR HEAR.... CHANGE IS COMING!!!!!
follow back please :) x
The only depressing thing about this weekend is that I'm not at
Tonight: w/ Architects, , Headlines, & (Late In the Playoffs) at The Loft in Madison! Don't miss this one!
GOOD NEWS!!! I've recorded a bunch of episodes of Duck Dynasty
Laughed like crazy watching Colber report last night.Freaking out with swine flu reports in PR and making macedonia for a dinner party 2nite
hit me up if you do. I may want to go haha
watch out we got a badass over here (x
Last day to vote for us to play Edgefest! Thanks to everyone who voted daily. We should find out Monday if we are playing.
Please do, it will only make my evening. *eyes flashing wickedly*
on a lighter note, what an inning for our offense
I REALLY wish there was a Chick Fil A closer than Redondo Beach. Need several gallons of lemonade. Anybody have any ideas?
So. Whatcha doin'? Anything exciting happening? Oh, by the way #watercheck!
Amazing! Works been nothing but fun so far :D
yup! What u into?
#pdxevents First 9 customers today after 12:30 pm get #FREELUNCH !! All they have to do is mention this tweet.
RT My ny knicks are for real!!! Lin just gotta cut down on turnovers. But we are 4real.
One bad comment can fuck mood up so much
follow me back please! Great iCarly fan!#
Addicted to twitter...
greedy motherfucka next time ima piss in some shit and let yu drink it wit ya fat ass.
5th Nicki Minaj is WACK #FACT! Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!
Want to know what #SalvationArmy is doing? is our pic for #FF . Kathy keeps a blog detailing the Best in the West(ern territory)
lol you stinker. Thanks for inviting us, we had a really good time.
The difference between gossip and news is the difference between the subjective and the objective.
Principles only matter if they are inconvenient -- Jeffrey Hazlett
awh thanks guys!
Kenya Michaels was my pick to come back; she'll be easy to get rid of again.
;-) sounds good!
That ain't yo nigga if he make u pay him bak money that he gave you
Anyone else suffer from withdrawals today?
What game are you going to today??
hey wats ur name? mines i david
Are you dealing with a crazy person? Rest assured... The crazy never stops!
greetings Russell! Hope you are well too. Happy snackin' new year!
Fucking Douche bag , go kiss another 12 year old ?
I am very sad, I cry.. tweet me :)
Scientist: What kids of science do you know about? Kid: (after various answers) When you test weird drugs on dogs and stuff. (Wahhh waaaaah)
Attending session "Gamify and socialize: Beyond the Buzzwords." Brad Stone interviewing Bing Gordon
M sushi!! Now back in bed... Watching the Game. Don't care who wins overall but if I had to pick, I'd go for the underdogs - Denver
Did all my tweeps see that the BCS National championship is in South Florida next yr... Can u say economy Boost and Partying of course see y
- And what did you decide?
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves. -Buddha
strong strong finish... Ohio State has some tough big men. Gonna be a battle.
New iconn(: it's me and at his concert in nyc! Such an amazing dayy<3
Just discovered Chromavision which can convert our archive Beta tapes from 1980 into modern discs. We captured American Glovemakers then.WOW
Good morning y'all....be Blessed today!
When you decide to trust Jesus, you do not analyze, you just obey Him.
The end of The Cabin in the Woods is a perfect illustration of my personal experience at Universal Studios Halloween Horror Night.
Some boy who hates me, complimented on my Vlado's
Having a hangover on a monday <
RT : Reminder! Our webinar, "Career Fitness: How to Build Lasting Success at Work," begins in 3 minutes!
All issues have been resolve if you have questions contact technical support at 1-855-848-5734
so thats why you dont pay attention in class....EVER...
I agree. Passion alone isn't enough.
Hey man I'll be in NY Oct. 11th - 17th. Are you going to be around?
Sad that D. Fish isn't a Laker anymore but I'm glad he still hits big shots!
Canelo and Blake Griffin got the same daddy
Sorry everyone in the elevator,I'm on a high protein diet...
so true! Learning starts with positive relationships!
The Thunder are shooting 59%! Nothing you can do about that. Lakers just gotta get ready for game 2. Or find that Space Jam juice.
Bored and can't fall asleep
Just realized post was 8 days ago. LOL Nice interview, anyway. Really need to keep up with this Twitter account better.
One of the greatest things in the world is when Domonique massages pink lotion in my hair. She has magic hands.
the cruel irony of this game -- it was the pitching and 3-4 spot that let us down. and of course, we wouldn't have been here without 'em...
if my kids happen to like a band ive seen i could just show them the ticket all boss-ly and shit
Baltimore Health Care Access is now Health Care Access Maryland- the launch party just ended. Ensuring everyone has access to health care.
International punk rock party tonight Peelaner-Z (Japan), Drop A Grand (BC), Radkey (st. Joe)!
Follow my older brother Billy and check out the music him and Kenny are working on :)
The Skeksis have sent out the Crystal Bats. I have been exposed. Now, I must elude the Garthim, who will attack unsuspectingly.
I love that shirt!!!
#HardestThingToDo to watch and not get hungry
I recommend The Host by Stephenie Meyer. Good audio book, tho a bit long in parts. Creative YA sci-fi plot. Different than Twilight series.
#imagine you and Harry are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
distribute digital information from one source to another source.
man i hope so!
Dear Landmark Guests, Does it look like I care about your urinary habits? I barely care about mine. Love Jose
phone off for the rest of the day...need to relax plus i really dnt feel like being bothered...
Are the Aj12 true to size?
I'm 2 Seconds from being cuffed ya'll Smh i ain't been cuffed in a while might be a lil rusty lol
I want a fur suit that looks like Jake when Finn is inside of him in "The silent king". This would be perfection.
yayy, now we can talk that good good :)
Carolina Has The WORSE Laugh
i cant change my setting on COD WAW. my brightness and sound wont stay where I put it Can you please look into it. Thanks.
AND NONE FOR NELSON CRUZ BYE
People fail forward to success. Ash, Mary Kay
based on your opponent I don't think you have much to worry about
haha! Awesome! tried to make them this week. She says it'll take a couple more tries. ;)
Any cool startups in Panama doing interesting things? Tell me more!
Outstanding! Thanks, everyone! We'll spread the word.
i thought the final was 15-14??
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google
Stollery heading off for hooking. 3rd PP for Hamilton in the game.
Thanks! When do I get to see your SEXXAYYYYY again Mr. Mysterious?
having to slide your car seat forward 10 notches because you weren't the last person to drive your car:
come back
which one!?
super into the cow!!! :-)
we love you so much we saw the disney comment in your profile BUHAHAH so tru
RT : I want the circle ones with the tongue!!! I'm half English lol << Ah you ARE! u KNOW where to find them =)
your welcome<3
Is there really an amazon prime syndrome? What's the diagnostic criteria?
Still haven't heard from my sister.
Just survived my 1st big earthquake and subsequent evacuation. It couldn't have gone better or more smoothly. Kudos
Yes I have two twitter accounts. But only one name on IMDB: KeithPearl
I have an extra ticket for Depeche Mode tonight at Madison Square Garden. Anyone interested? Sean
Please Follow me!! :C
SCHS football strikes first against E. Lousiville with only 3 minutes on the clock in Game 3 of the playoffs, 7-0.
yeah thought this year would be different but still the same.
So glad I moved to Oregon, and so ashamed of my home state tonight. History does not look kindly on bigots.
Hi - you should take a peak for a phone system - feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
thanks for the recommendation!
Recruiting for a Software Support Engineer w/experience supporting Computational Fluid Dynamics software.
#YouAintMyFriendIf your not there when I need you
I cant wait to hear them!!
Drink Booty Sweat baby!!!!!!
Thank you so much!
You poor pathetic soul.
hope you make it in time! I would have arrived before noon and took in festivities
yep! She's a cottontop tamarin named Lucy and she stole Talia's heart.
Last Thought For The Day: Don't ever apologize for your greatness. Be humble but don't hide your greatness. The world needs it.
looking ass nigga never
Productive day
Thanks! RT If you want great info #FF Much Respect to you all
Dm me girl
The Gymanimals now do birthday parties for kids! Book us at ! Yaaaay!
Vend Beats by dr Dre : 5€
I have oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. Come eat them.
All that comes to mind when thinking about my hometown are cobalts, cavaliers, and crappy tan jobs.
Stamford Bridge almost literally erupted just then. Nice goal, Chelsea. GET BACK IN IT BARCA.
See you at today, looking forward to watching the #whitesox game from the diamond suite too!
“: always cheers me up. Be safe in Dallas, buddy.” Be safe in El Salvador!
“: Life is easier when you arent complaining, worrying or stressing about bullshit.” words to live by yo
I've been drooling over the SIFF sked & have marked seven SIFF films on my calendar so far. I think next year I'll apply for creds
You guys at must have fascinating chapter meetings.
thank you for following me. Love your cause!
im nervous that if i start it im going to get addicted
I heard there is company out there requires the applicant to create a PowerPoint presentation on why they should hire you. What? Fuck off
Listening to and cleaning up da hale.
must have missed you this morning! What a gorgeous day today in San Diego.
At the Latino Memphis Candidate Debate to hear what candidates have to say about issues affecting the Hispanic community in Shelby County
HEY YOU'RE MY #TWITTERBFF <3 (:
We are all leaders.
I love that my predecessor here at work set the iMac to auto sleep at 5:10pm. :)
Hi. How r u this evening?
waaaaaahhhhhhh:( none of my friends can go with me 😭😭 Omg I'm depressed
Don't forget to fall back! Sunday at 2am is the time to set you clock back an hour
enjoyed you so much union please follow back please no invitations no farmville lol! just follow pweeze
Well, I drove for a few hours, until the rain tried to drown and kill me. Then, dad took over.
no problem :)
God is always blowing my mind.
So as an O's fan I sayu this" y not enjoy this while its here? Sure they r gonna shit th bed later but enjoy this now!!"
Our commercial starts airing tomorrow on 840 AM CBS Radio! Woo Hoo www.lasvegashcg.com
bestfriend I am so depressed it ain't funny
Tonight is the invited dress for the workshops! I'm so ready to show off 7 weeks of work with all my cast and staff. #UTworkshops in Logan!
Great hashtag use. Hope that Cream Ale primed you for a great night!
Oooober excited for and her big marathon day in China!
Happy Hour from 5:30-7:00PM! Also: a lovely albacore with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada + sieved egg on the dinner menu
be careful Imani he might stab you.
Goodnight !! Sleep Tight!
it's so true. Mom just saw him and she said. No because I already have chance.:(((
I miss you too best friend/cousin
About to go get a drink of water and chill.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: A lot of stress comes from trying to control things you can't control.
Been a long busy past 2 days. Winding down with #Tabitha before bed. Looking forward to regenerating with a day off tomorrow!
Chuck Norris can pick himself up!!
Basecamp is good. Bugzilla, Unfuddle and Rally are also worth a look...tux for your follow.
Carley Rae Jepsen got to me before you did!
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook(r) Packed Full Of
First day of BarCamp was great, afterparty is rocking', come by and join us or come tomorrow for more great sessions & networking!
Another tough dish/book combination to figure is the selection by Chef Miguel Valdez (Red Door) who has chosen "The Odyssey."
Love it when Austin companies & organization do a CIS room makeover. You all are amazing! Thank you!
Actually, Roosevelt did make peace Overtures to Hitler prior to the War! Good for America G is not Pres!
RT“: If you're loyal to me, I'm sure to return the favor.”
happy mothers day Mama, hope you get spoiled rotten <3
you whores! the lot of ya!
The student teacher in Spanish is so weird. She probably has no friends.
That's deep
Lol never knew you could taste it ;) RT : your voice...yum.
I will not stress today. I will not stress today.
are you watching! Wtf is that guys deal???!!!!!!
Finished a book last night and scanned my shelves for a new one. Chose Dreamsleeves by Coleen Paratore.
haha noone can talk in movies. Its not okay.
She is gorgeous though so I don't blame them!please retweet
I think you could sum #green moving up by focusing on planning and prep. Allows you to make efficient decisions
Geeky things are the best!
Kenny Love's Jazz is now at the upcoming 54th GRAMMY Awards in eight nomination categories.
"Can you smell our deodorant when we put our arms up like this?"
in a way! But it do sucks. Hahaa
Great job, you definitely should still be on show. I enjoyed your presence.
I'm doing good hbu? Haven't talked to you in a while!
It never ends
This lab report is NEVER ending
I'd almost be happy to get Walker in the guv's mansion and out of our hair. I never thought I'd say that.
Happy to be reuniting with a long lost pal tonight!
Happy #InternationalWomensDay It's a day celebrating the economic, political & social achievements of #women past, present & future.
Now that the game's over and I've had a chance to calm down, I'd just like to say that Sabres fans are the worst human beings on the planet.
Ack! I clearly didn't do my homework before responding to that. Cheers!
Rolled into work with "Trampoline Safety Instructions" taped all over my desk.. well played!.
Finials! Very pretty!
Good morn about to hit the barbershop up time to look pretty!!!!
Fun night :)
good morning! Thx for the salon suggestions! I will check them out. Hv a great weekend!
any john lennon fans out there?
RT : Happy Friday!
I just LOLed for the first time today. 😂
RT "Assembly subcommittee just rejected Gov. Brown's proposed cuts to CalGrants. Full story on "
300 followers today! we :) thanks for the support my peoples. dont forget to use the code "twitfollow" for 10 whole bucks off your order!
Received the perfect card from a soon to be graduate. It's a pretty cool circular dynamic to have.
Fixing my makeup and hair then packing a bag and changing and gonna have sexy time with ~
Hi guys, what did your wives think of your gaming hobby and collection when you began dating?
Bitch.. We took the nite!
manee, put that other GOOD ass picture that we finnaly took a good one lol
hope they are good and worn out!
Check out guitar virtuoso with new cd mixed by Firehouse lead singer.
Daily Dose of Goodness: He who laughs last...didn't get it.
everytime I'm tagging something in dashboard when I hit enter instead of , it completes the whole post. Really frustrating.
Sounds like it but I think I've been there a couple times myself!!
I got straight A's
I was just plotting grilled steak dinner plans. M...
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident
Haha RT : So how many "girlfriends" has had in the past 3 weeks? like 6
scary cause of all the sex that's gonna go on...
#gcyale : We say we want internet freedom in USA and no one can stop laughing.
Y'all get a chance check the talk about Google Glasses and tell me what y'all think..
stop actin like you single or u will be
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 92
Tomorrow I have an ARD meeting with my son's new teachers. Yea!!!
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose? Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
I can't express..... Whitney Houston. Thank you for THE VOICE and all you gave us.
And...there it is. Welcome back, rage. I didn't realize how much I missed you. Let's get to work. The best revenge is massive success.
#ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell out "Oh he was fine yesterday, wtf happen?
The reality of being a Philadelphia sports fan is sinking back in
It was alright, it helped a little. Problem is, I don't want to have to use a mask more than 1 or 2x a week :/
Spend $35 on your club card at any SW Washington or Portland and receive coupon for 2 daily tickets for the #LPGA Safeway Classic!
Why do people like the end seats than the middle seats?? I don't get it, they're all seats...People can be dumb!
Is looking forwars to a night out with x
Los Angeles Autism Walk = 31,000 walkers! Over 1.6 million dollars raised! Hot but a very inspiring day! Autism awareness ruled today!
All children deserve a mother/father, but not all mother/fathers deserve a child
Samual Rutherford~ Live on Christs love while ye are here and all the way.
I got to ride on Kate's scooter home! So much fun, plus I miss Taiwan.
Thanks babe xx
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
RT : It truly was one of the best ever! Miss you! XO miss you too!
I love girls that read!
We have an iPhone charger cable upstairs near the FireSign screen
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
awe, thank you :)
boyfriend is pretty crazy! Good crazy meaning so different than anything else i like it its cool!
sounds good!
If you list it for free on , let us know and we'll get the word out for you!
Praire Thunder has them sometimes.
": let's get up and watch the game tomorrow somewhere!!!!"RT: I got my lil man Bruh. We do need to link up tho!
I'm jelly!! Wish I was with you!!
Happy Father's Day everyone!
wait, i thought this was your job. youre not a consultant dustyn your it.
Your Healthy Thanksgiving Survival Guide
Just finished my portion of the Mothers Day letter, I even got emotional ...Watch my Brother be like 'ily Mom, Happy Mothers Day'
You never understood me because you never took the time to get to know me!
Every red GeboMana T-shirt is hand-dyed. In a big vat. And dried naturally in the sun. Gives u the perfect lux colors we’re famous for.
putting finishing touches on a killer new video for client. love how videos can create look/feel of a company!
Spending this sunny day inside doing laundry how exciting...
two Siblings my older brother John & my little brother Cristian.
I just passed OctoMom on 48th-- that woman needs some serious sleep
Special Friday shoutout to my
Imam try and stay home today
Our Artists will be waiting! RT: bringing lots of extra cash to and spending it all at
. is following me!
You've inspired us to look in to building our own Facebook app...good RSS options/examples = 0.
I want to kiss Luly.
Hoping is having fun at the football game & is having fun at cotillion
If i dont meet this year, I don't know what I'm gonna do with myself.
Is there ever a right time to make a change?
sponsor a brother with one of those and I will tell my ten highly influential followers about you
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice. -Indian Proverb
I don't believe in anything
Chicago Tommorow To See My Wela From PR And My Baby Seth For The First Time EVER!(: Good Start Off For Summer
I just checked in at Charleston, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
I so misread that shit lol .
OMG YES!
hmm my text-align is not doing what it's supposed to...any suggestions?
No Fucking way they really just won this game
It should be part of deal...they can only attend Venture Beat's Mobile Summit if Shoe gets to drive the SLS.
how was it ?
These musty muthafuckers at the gym. Damn man. Kitty litter smelling dudes.
I wanna go to a foam party
its funny how my best friend can be thousands of miles away.... i cant wait to see this fool. we gonna have a bawl!!
And one!!!
say hi and follow s[p]ecial shoutout :) she's such a music and dreams supporter !!!
bikram yoga = what doesn't kill you makes the beer (and jameson) taste colder...
Congrats to for their NO.1 song in the country Love Bites!!!! Many more to come!! :D
listing to pandora right now also
Starting the day off at The Skanner MLK Jr. celebration. Joined by president Larry Miller and hundreds of others.
Max Siegel says conversations w/ Indy officials including Indiana Sports Corp have started to bring big-time track & field events here.
Architects! See your tailor, quick! RT : “Fashion is architecture. It is a matter of proportions.” Coco Chanel
I'm here if you need me and if you ever need anywhere to be at I'm here my parents understand I'm here if you need anything
#tcot SuperCommittee FAIL proves Obama knows what he's doing ... open tonight was excellent perspective.
Great job tonight..You Rocked Sevilla LB
I am Swag
The Best Connected Tattoos Another way to show how you feel about someone special
Ha, ha this real estate agent's Malapropisms make me laugh: "living room/dining area is hardwood floor." "Close to shopping mole"
Hey did you call my phone?
Opening day is Thursday any plans to come back to the CLE?
i love this Song :)
Riding mtn bikes around W Sea today. 250 garage sales to choose from. I would say our carbon footprint is neutral.
HEY :D haha
You know you deserve someone better when the one you've always fought for is also the one you've always cried for.
yest it does!!!
If you're in LA, follow and try ... Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
Adds a wonderful scent too I'm sure
'Hangabout' Suet Feeder available in 2-pack & pre-filled with Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet. Good stuff. Get it at woodpecker-feeder.com
Clint Dempsey scores goals for fun. The man is on fire. 2 goals today already. Wow. I believe Clint, I believe.
lol I actually think you would love some of the places/parties I go to
be my freind in youtube im cupcake6ist
Yum! Looks like you had a great Sunday with us. What was your favorite brew?
I h8 cramps 😠
A distinction without a difference: in TX schools ARE a place kids go for unending testing.
Thinking doesn't always help you change your perspective. You may want to try low-risk experiments. Change behavior, change your lens..
That's the rumor. I'm starting to think they have Isiah Thomas running their network.
We're shooting some video tonight so be on the lookout!
touche...now imagine The Choco Burrito
 Experience logging bugs, and writing/following test plans and test cases
If you are doing anything with #bigdata you should be at MarkLogic World!
#irallstars Ramirez: Outreach takes patience. Start w/ library lovers, write letters. Billings: Find faculty early while they have preprints
yes I would. You are very talented and handsome to boot. Gosh why the good looking ones so far away?
Slammed.my finger in my locker today..didnt feel to well.
You're right! I just tried to direct message someone but it wouldn't let me because they're not following me..pffft! Whatever..
I'm so there!! Maybe I'll finally go see Cyrus? RT : I declare this 'Leave Work Early Day'!!! Who's with me?
Horton and Gregory Campbell to the bruins for dennis wideman, 15th overall pick and a 3rd round pick in 2011.
I slammed all in yo girl pussy...blake griffin
Old phone refuses to port numbers. Text me? Include your name too.
4 of the 5 original designers of the Macintosh computer were left-handed.
Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab - valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from $8 to $3 - what a deal!
"we're taking about Milwaukee in Australia... the Netherlands... New York..." -D. Glassman on H2O innovation
yeah, i just tweeted it, then saw your twitter link on your site.
Meet with recruiters from and more at the #NABEFCareerFair April 18
that note to toth fairie is a keeper!
Thanks, Ashe :-) And, Happy Birthday to , too!
I know Mikey hasn't got on in like days! But I don't talk to him that much!
hey boo, what classes do you have??
I'm from New Orleans. That's why I'm so mad.
I've already left the house! You can try and use try car charger though
From the bottom of my pure beef heart, it was delicious.
Every second you spend angry or upset, is a second of happiness you can never get back.
News friends here in Portland are saying they have allergies? I honestly thought only Dayton, Ohio had allergens?
I swear it aint enough hours in the day
An old lady wearing hollister....
OMG, I was just typing #WeetzieBat! Read Pink Smog this weekend.
only 6 weeks til I am in Hawaii!!!
I talk soft but this drink do blow loud
Uh HEY YOU! i #Followback !!! Heehee '
Major League is one of my faves. Long live Jobu.
We need Andre's 3 to be on today. Maybe you can let him know. I'm sure that will help.
I'm not sure that I knew what it meant to be nonstop busy on a daily basis until my current job... They weren't lying in my interview!
#hard work no play
Do or die for the Lakers tonight, if they lose it will definitely be end of an era
Well, if you can't visit Domino Sugar, the least you can do is click on that link ... c'mon now. :) Good luck in your new job.
Look for your Call for Entries Posters in the mail! Find your "&" and get crackin! designmatters.org
Follow me on instagram >>>
Professional sports would be so much better without the NBA...
Topic: Obesity and the gay community - a secret horror in the gay world. Mock them, love them, shun them, accept them?
Happy Labor Day San Diego!
Morning y'all
Man, I don't see how people these days could be pulling strings like this. We aren't puppets
I miss my baby But shes slumped :/
#GoodMorningWorld ! Time to go GET IT !!
Wow the service at Sprint does suck
I'm occuped UNTIL 1, but then I'll be in a car from 5pm to midnight. Kyle, Jason, any thoughts on the doc?
why don't you get an education
No better time to play Dead Space than when running on sleep deprivation.
haha! WHAT. that's funny! 0_0 but odd. When I like a teacher, I give them a break. When I don't; I give them hell. ☺ Lol
There had better be a cymbal crash for RT : Working on the theme song right now.
This isn't fun
And Spurs are stable? Haha
After giving Osi Umenyiora's agent two days to find trade opportunity, Giants pull plug, will not trade
Lovely images Almost reads like Haiku.
every Jaws movie in random order.
Do u want too trade?RT : I hate my life.
Love the way Damien Sandow holds that mic. Somewhere The Genius is happy.
#dataPSA : folks, a spreadsheet isn't a desktop, if you spray junk all over during your last minute work, clean it up before you pass it on
thanks for the follow back! I look forward to checking out and trying your tips!
I rather NOT fuck wit u , then to fuck wit you & be stressed da fuck out!!
show tonight in norwalk Ohio at the American legion we go on at 10 Come hang out
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes to Pensacola Beach?
oh my Rommel, how hipster of you.
The young ladies taught me a new word yesterday. It is called Twatching. This is when you watch over people's tweets. Being really nosey!!
Wednesday, around noon? I'm bringing my best friend Hanna.
Nerves officially set in. #CLEmarathon in 3 days!!!
Hanging out with my dad is so much fun.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
I'll pretend I didn't read that because I have such a girl crush on her! hah
I love this beat
Spotted at Metro Center: John Podesta, running to catch the red line. What a regular dude.
ight! i will do so!!
: Movie of the Week is Gasland , directed by Josh Fox amazing right?
LMFAO IM BEHIND AH TRUCK THT SAYS HARPO FENCING.
Do you really wakeboard at 90ft and going 29mph?
Flood damage from all the recent rains ? We'll put your home back together in no time.Drywall repairs,paintng and more. www.mrdspainting.com
some people love it -- just not me.
hi Joey. How are you old friend?
We saw the agenda, and the speakers. It should be a great conference!
ahahahaha! yeah we do need to go shopping...what mall do u like to go to?? lol <3
#Cuse don't hang your head! You showed a ton of gull to overcome the adversity of the season! You get a Standing Ovation!! #Cuse til death!
