What a journey
According to new USDA guidelines, half your plate should be fruit and vegetables.
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
It's eerily quiet, but lunch lines will be nice and short.
Even must be laughing at that dude.
hey matus- love your bw photo- is it not on fb?
If I sit on the toilet seat full of pee because my boys dont put it up or aim right, I will rip it off and make them wear it as a necklace
they always look good.
Action is worry's worst enemy. ~ English Proverb
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Intelligentsia - Coffee Shop (live updates)
no, not for you. it's a great deal.
RT : RT : Today, consider praying for the estimated 423,773 children in the US #fostercare system.
thanks for sharing ;-)
So sad. RT Mother of Western Psych shooting victim says her only other child was killed in domestic dispute in 2010.
#swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!! I love this song!!!:)
Biggest sunburn ever
Helping with video for a wonderful donor! Best to All!
And the #Rangers go quietly into the night. New York does sleep tonight.
Thanks so much, cheers :)
you are almost to 500 congrats! Even though I am still totally the #winnerwinnerchickendinner #twitterwar continues...
Today we're going to look at VP Biden's comments about gay marriage and why the president appears to be stepping away from them. Thoughts?
I interviewed Junior Seau for back in Dec. I never printed any of the words he shared. Just listened to the audio.
I am prohibited as a bar applicant from joining any groups that unlawfully discriminate against disabled people with Autism.
Costume Search: Hmm....where can one find bright orange pants? I'd think Cabela's or Gander Mountain for sure.
If you have a chance to get the super power, you'd better use it in the right way, or it will destory you and the people you love.
#sacbiz40 congrats to all the 40 under 40!!!! I wish I would have known about the event tonight, I would have definitely been there!
Cool. See you there!
"Oh, kombucha is on sale at Whole Foods!"
I am performing with Mickey Avalon and Andre Legacy at Trees in Dallas Friday April 27, hit me up for tix
I certainly hope not.
A1: My suggestion, create a simple 3 level disaster plan - more roles & responsibilities than actions (situations differ)
awesome, thanks!
RT : Why is Ray so happy? He just found out that Dirty Birds will open up at 430pm on Thanksgiving for the RAVENS game!
It's coming! Thanks for the positive thoughts :)
TAX DAY SPECIAL: Place EL order before 5 pm today & get $15 off your order! Type TweetTaxBreak in the notes section. RT pls!
Given that this trip is going to take forever, maybe the metro can offer sleeping cars..
I want a close up! Thank you :-). Missed you.
After watching Atlanta play down the stretch, it's become apparent why the term is "Hawking" a loogie.
Oh that makes you soo much more than twitter famous! hahaha.
I really hope the "Caucasian girls posting pics with faux mustaches" phase stops soon. Seriously.
oh man another kid commited suicide because of bullying?! people need to stop bullying people.it's sad to think of what pain she felt. wow
I first read of the Stand Up desks at Google, now stand up meetings, been trying it some and its working
Happy Last Day of APRIL.....22 more days of school for me!
Ok so if it's offensive to say nigger Why do black ppl saying that to themselves I don't get it.
even more after the madhouse last night!!!
y'all niggas so garbage, the pacers???
RT if you think is: HOT Follow me if you think he belongs with: I love these 2…they wit each other!!!
I wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoes.
Austins vids never get old x)!
Guess I need to get my act together.
that's real man. we taking it game by game we old but we work
Andy, I am glad you are feeling better. Looking forward to having you back soon!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number, call me maybe??????
how about
there was a guy last night who almost Bartman'ed us, same spot as in Chicago too
QUOTE-WORTHY: Be careful how you speak to your children. One day it will become their inner voice. - Peggy Omara
S/O to the Schneider family for creating the Big Shots events! In a short period of time, they've become the top tournament hosts nationally
Awwwh thank you (: You are to !
I could sure go for some head
Spring is almost here! Do you have your travel plans together?
RT : Disabled Joke's are not funny and if you think so die
congrats to you all...
Done! I feel like I need a day or two to get acclimated to G+
great.. just a few photos. How about 2 or 3 of the poinsettias?
I'm back! Four hours later... Forget coffee, a shower wakes usually wakes me up just fine. Happy Friday!!
OK Roenicke... Time to manage like you want it. Get the bullpen busy.
Just arrived to , great music prepped for tonight!
I know. I appreciate it. Twitter needs more.
Seattle kid friendly Sushi. Kisaku!
I'll be doing a reading & playing live in San Fran at Phoenix Books 12/8, anyone have any suggestions who 2 hit up & drag down to the show?
Why do women in warm ups roll up one pant leg?
Now would be the time for you to hurry up.
can't I txt u?
90% of all spreadsheets with more than 150 rows contain errors. - from
Droid app works great, back to comp and Q is gone, delete cookies, logout, uploads or search dont work, back to app Q's there ?
R.I.P. Joe Frazier! Heavy Heavy Weight
HEY GO FOLLOW ---> = SHE FOLLOW BACK+ I FOLLOW YOU TOO+ A SHOUTOUT :d JUST ASK ME AND I FOLLOW YOU BUT YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW SHE
I'm so aspirational with grapefruit.
you got it, man. Nothing worse than seeing someone you love suffer, no matter how close you are. Hang in there
Thank u so much sis, that means the world to me. Guess what, I booked my first show for June 10th! At the Red Sea. C U SOON!
This place is falling apart!
please remove our copyrighted images from your website cc
LET ME FEEL U:-)
I cant wait to get my and BTR tickets!!!!! AH. Jones Beach babbbyyy
Peyton is ONLY qb we could accept behind center other than tebow. Perfect fit for den and tim learns from all time best
Yeah fam that was a very creative blog post too. Don't sleep on 's blog, dude is also a great writer /Cc
maybe one of ya teams can do sum cause the bulls shol aint do nun...ha...
I don't either, I like BPA approach, but were Tannehill rumors and maybe even Weeden - like they had buyer's remorse on Flynn
What have I not responded to!
My art is first ministry to myself; then to others.
89 freaking days. I can't even take it anymore, I have to go see them in Concert NOW<3
If GOPs preserve the Bush tax cut for the top 2%, where are they going to cut to find the $750 Billion just to break even on the deficit?
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the reply.
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.
#Cozy cards designed for MCAC! Thanks to the design skills of
Want to support opportunities for children? See www.baldfacedtruth.org
January. Sounds about right.
can't wait! heard the first one was tons of fun!
Shame on you #Redsox players for being a disgrace and causing #Francona to leave
So many phishing emails today that look like they're from LinkedIn! Don't click on any of the links - will download malware!
funny I thought of you today. How are you?
me and are annoyed at u fucking traders
A lot of fun socializing this weekend. Emily had fun with occasional horrible and embarrassing tantrums.
Whoever's in charge of the MTV award sound and production please hand BET a buisness card...
then do something, do something right in front my face.
My Shooters Like Dirk
Thank you for sending that link, ! Means a lot :)
It's a beautiful and blessed Sunday... Enjoy what's left of the day and have a fantabulous week ahead!
#MikeCostanzo's getting his 1st AB in the big league. He's called time twice before the 1st pitch. Then, hits a #sacfly to LF.
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
telling assumption RT : You lead a different life from mine. Your life is constant self-presentation?
Current political climate is a reality. Co's like take big risks in all business decision - they made the right & profitable one
Thoughts of subscription based gaming?! Man monthly fee's are the worst!
Busy week ahead! Hope I am productive
Oh shit the Game on....Thank God for DVR, watching the Bulls
It might be even creepier that I'm awake as late as you young folks are. Insomnia, not glowing gelatin!
french ahah :P
Had a great time watching my daughters horseback riding lessons in Skokie
u not tough
~ I know right! Lol!
that's awesome hahahah!
Thanks communications team for having us over for lunch today, it was great to meet everyone in person!
Jellyheadz - One Way Ticket (COMING SOON)!
You're my life and inspiration. Please follow me♥
Finally, IOS can check spelling without auto-correcting.
typical conservative low IQ response..go to my blog and you will find all my opinions backed by facts
An incredible honor & thrill to hear speak today at ! His message: "World peace must develop from inner peace."
We're in an odd state of calm today. It's rare, and I'm enjoying it.
My family. We travel A LOT.
OH MY GOD, i miss you guys!
Diddy's man servant who continues to lint roll his tux is precious.
Hi, Shaunna -- awesome to have you join us tonight!
haha, oops! but yeah, now you're sure you'll get in for free ;)
so classy
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Henry David Thoreau
The Sun and Moon can't shine light on a dark mind.
You just made my day. That it why i love you RT : The Bella vita womens restroom has never experienced what I just did in it
So sorry to anyone who got spammed from us! Apparently quite a few people were hacked via twitter last night lol.
thank you! You're one of the smartest people I've met. So I'm doubly flattered.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!! THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
exiting itinerary, Maybe I'll follow your path next winter
it baffles my mind that Greece is anti-austerity.
positive vibes to ya lady!
Remember to bring your Wizards ticket to Los Cabos Legends on June 10th and get a free Queso Fundido!
Hilton Union Square San Francisco, Renovations from now till March 31st, 2012
RT : Hahahaha at 'Ss last tweet.
Anybody have a good example on visualizing the reverse of a graph? The missing relationships? or the recommended relationships?
I want that show to stay on TV forever!
#apple I'd use your cards app, if it had a conventional postcard. One side photo, one side text. $1 or $2 max.
Ha. We were at Oggis. Salad was good, though.
they are so annoying. And they always have 2 in the span of 90 seconds. Go away
words of wisdom RT Have you considered being as funny as you were in the second season as a way to #savecommunity?”
“: Nice Tap-Out shirt. I bet you've kicked so many asses.”
You ready ma?! It's almost go time!!
Ik. Jb is awsome but i would be heated if he brought me proactive.!
LOL about Katy Perry!
Need a contract analyst who knows Atlas for a quick assessment. Come on folks, I know there are Atlas folks out there!
Hi Pre, We might have access to this but a few questions, r u talking about career or season debuts and ... con't ...
The road to success is sometimes under construction. Keep walking :)
Encouragement for the day: You dream has to be big enough to survive the disappointments that are thrown ur way
Ready, Set, Lets Go : Ayo , wanna join forces and smoke the earth this evening??”
thanks Greg! :)
What's up ? Keep calm bro RT": FUCK"
In the process of making a ham with a black cherry whiskey and coke glaze.
That may be true, but I don't grok that reaction. Lately it just seems like a trendy thing to say.
Everyone! This Friday. Andrew Gabriel with the full band. Village Lantern, NYC. 8pm. Be there.
i guess lol i tweet random song lyrics at all parts of the day tho lol
Who's ready for our giveaway? Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour
Glass of wine...
But of course they would pass that charge on to the consumer. Now that 3D flopped they are looking for something new
Imagine Liam walking in on Larry sex and giving the boys time outs. Lol oh daddy direction
Our bath products are made by hand, in small batches by local artisans. Are you down with local?
Happy Saturday, everyone! :)
I love how we define 'camping trip' as a game of Sorry, microwaved smores, and going to sleep inside at 11pm. We rock.
Insomnia > Sleep... bed time now
I wish I remembered what being bored feels like...
u got the nerve to made that sex tape wit that shitty ass performance. shiii negro please
Haters gonna hate
Hey thanks for the crowd pic. We've been hoping to get more of those! Please come out the next time we're back in town
some of mine driving lol
returns tomorrow night from 9pm-12am. Come check her out and try one of our signature fish bowl cocktails!
Society's busy time intensifies - The Tennessean
Done with today's scheduled maintenance! It was just a cleaning on server side. No new updates.
congrats syd! That's awesome, I can't wait to see you play again
i have two speeds: work and rage.
-> RT A 65yo pres candidate who was cruel to a queer guy at 18 is one kind of scary. Hordes of people who think that's OK is another
"I wish I could read minds That way I could know what people really think of me because I know its not what they say to my face"
Stephen Curry rolls ankle again, leaves game early
Spring Break !
Ugh so true. I was personally aiming for a tragic ending...I just wanted an epic & complete tragic ending.
On my way to the mall to get my mom a mothers day present <3
❤❤ agreed!! : I can't sleep cause I'm too excited about how good this year is gonna be .... :)
How sad is this? I am drinking alone & wishing I was in SF to do all this fun stuff with you!
I've used wordpress on other projects and feel like it is too full featured, I don't need that much.
Sounds good to me. Have fun at Leon's in the meantime! - Bryan
Really John Mayer.... You went from blues to country....
right I creep all kinds of ripple I don't follow
Spent way too much today BUT had a productive day! :)
well Matt Lange who produced it was married to Shania...
I feel like I need to enroll in grad school just to cancel out the stupidity of Twitter today.
Haha boys bathrooms is where it's at!
I'm glad I don't have a horse in this #SuperBowl race otherwise I think I'd be ill.
Cat gets stuck in tree. Politician panders to his constituency.
The team's future is on him RT : and #paulthissen joins the chorus of people getting after to get off the fence
great to see you at the Kraft! Big fan here!
I would've waved but I was going around 130mph. Wouldn't have been safe. (cool license plate huh )?
You might try tweeting. Just saying . . .
I mean I'm just gonna send you the same link I just sent
---> ": That strong, intelligent, sassy, mouthy woman you follow loves smooth command and authority.”
what are you doing?
Following the Twitter feeds, it sounds like this rain is causing some spinouts on the roadways.
long time no see! have you opened the ski season?
Madden fans!!! TryOuts is hosting a huge tornament in Dec w/a grand prize of $1000!!! visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com for more info
Good morning! Enjoy #140conf ;)
she is more than welcome to come up and do the same on Froggy if she wants
Just checked-in to the world's largest wireless technology conference in New Orleans!
Not going to school today, too sick to function. 😷
Hey, probably already know this buut...I love your band and you night c:
thaank u :D
Exactly. It was on the list, but we ultimately felt it was too obvious.
Happy one year anniversary to !
I absolutely can not wait to burn all of our APUSH papers.
Odd, that is where I want to go to college.
#Trueconfessions I NEVER use my blinker if no one else is around.
“Disney girl Bella Thorne is 'obsessed' with Harry Styles & wants to interview 1D." NO. NO. NO.
One reads in a bar because the words of the others are unpalatable. Still, the reader desires to read the words of the others, nonetheless.
As much as I love creeping on Amber, it's pretty bad form to post what you find on tumblr.
I love the new snow shots. Campus looks beautiful!
over here at Houston it.came on at 7:30
Love isnt always life its just something to do but you dont always need .
Hi beautiful!! (:
That feeling where you want to buy a domain name, but the owner is charging $100,000 for it.
OOPS Rum and Coke M
on CSN they showed everyone leaving with 2min left... Unreal... Once got yelled at for standing up on 3rd down at falcons game
Abraham Lincoln~ Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them.
i am making a new twitter
#FashionStar - team !!! Let's go!
Check out coming out this Friday in NYC and LA!
So I have a bit of possibly secret news that yall might already know...x)
i can getchall hotels reserved for yall from friday to monday....for about $180 sumthin
can you do austin mahone icons?
So proud to have received award at Hearts & Homes event from He is an incredible leader on kids' issues -- the best in Congress!
Inculcating Hepburn into True American History @ Ft McHenry...War of 1812 was won by whom? Thought so.
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional tournament games at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
DUDES!!! 7 New t-shirt designs by Design By Humans!
For future reference, I do what I want. So mind your own.... K ? Haha
Doctors recommend that we use small pillows while sleeping :-)
This P90X is kicking my ass 4real
This is the second morning in row that I've had dresms of being on a submarine. Where is this going?
Is there a difference between wife & wifey call into #LateNightLesbiansRadio right now 347-857-2089 & tell us how you feel ?
did you already get yours?!
12 hours of sleep
lol I HATE him !! && now he's in trouble bahaha
Seein all these cupcakes in the bakery makes me wanna buy em all.
And how did Joey 5 picks do in the CW? RT That makes Jacquizz 0-3 in Civil Wars. Still a future OSU legend?
Limobuses.com has rental packages To Concerts In our affordable Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466
Tonight at 7:00pm, Martin Kihn reads from "Bad Dog". Pooches are welcome.
please let me know how did it work?
Perfect picture for my song, somehow not released for prime time: Heigh, ho, the mufflebee....
#tool went on tour and no one told me! long passed sold out
HUMMBABY! Cain will hold it and give us 3 series wins in a roll. Maybe the machine will make an appearance. WHO Said that?
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!! ;) #follow?
I am going to be a grandfather for the second time today. Now the waiting game.
One player who always thinks their too good for the team
your story is horrendous and I firmly wish you achieve your revenge on that Marriott by staying at the Four Seasons next time!
I feel you on that. Doesn't the Supreme Court have more important issues to handle?
YO SHOOTING MY VIDEO "DOPEMAN" FOR THE SMOKER'S AND PARTY PPL NEXT FRIDAY AT MY BDAY PARTY
I'm sorry I can't watch ustream today :( feel upset , hopefully the second 1 =)
hahahahaha oh lawd. Bromance lmao... That just made my morning. 3am. Im Ashley!! & I L O V E your name!<3
RT : Bango, the mascot, is on 's "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" tonight. Set those DVRs!
Im gonna be twice the person I am now in 2013.
Went for a run this morning through Tacoma during rush hour...oh wait, there is no rush hour here.
I feel so.. ugh.
hey thank for RT next time we're in we'll say hello
"I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feelings." - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The boyz are performing this wednesday right?
We offer 50% off select bottles of wine
true, although typical of Apple to *make you* buy another phone to even get Siri. continuing cycle of hardware obsolescence for $
Looking at 's adorable animals has convinced me to sign up to volunteer! I hope I'm able to :)
Hope you get well soon!<3
Me: I have to pee. Best friend: Then go? Me: come with me
another brick in the wall was released in 1979. Why would it be played on the 80's on 8?
Over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration townhall Sunday for kids here in Osceola County. Hope u can make it
: ) Thanks sis-in-law
Hey did what's his name get at you?
got ya
Wanted to make a joke about how hot that kid is, but probably shouldn't go there.
Whenever I see the southwest carts at the airport I think of the "bags fly free, we love bags" page on fb brian made hahaha
Love it!!!
Hope all the rest of you #screnzy-ers are doing better than I am with your page counts... I'll catch up tomorrow, I promise!!
Hey kiddos--have a great last day of school before Vacation Week! Are you doing anything fun?
That nap was largely unsuccessful no body would let me sleep 😔 I kept getting tweets
In the song I guess it symbolizes achieving the impossible. Great question.
I find professionals in the #autism field argue too much w/ 1 another.Let’s take a step back & support 1 another even if our opinions differ
K mom, I'm pretty sure I don't just care about myself.
Coachella is happening solely for the purpose of seeing
RT We need to keep the right out of our bedrooms and the left out of our kitchens.
hahaha sure are!! & yes I love that picture too! One of the best we have taken together!! Haha 
sounding good online now!
See you Sunday in Cleveland. The whole family will be in Royal blue.
its time to get in shape.
Good meeting you at API Hackday ATX. Look forward to catching up again soon.
about 2 emcee this Indiana Ice game! It's Family Night, so come and hang out...puck drop @ 7:05pm!
A Alamo Drafthouse in Manhattan, should be Pittsburgh, we are a cooler city! Please we have Comic Book Museum!
Well, I'm hoping to find a job in digital humanities and/or project management in the Chicago area. Fingers crossed!
RT : My #Celtics getting in 's #Hawks Ass Right Now Lol <<missed this, Celtics lost!!! 😃
Yes got a video of me holding 's hand during the concert! Hahaha! Thanks Ashley!
Dance dress rehearsal. Yay.
oh m g and IPad?!?!? No frinkin way. Like omg what am I going to do with an iPad! Omg omg omg.
U a dummy
can't make it up. Rep. Kahn tells anecdote of hometown Brooklyn Dodgers leaving New York.
...I've met countless girls on pof, but I will def check that site out, thanks for the suggestion, hope ur right!
*turns on despicable me* lol good night world ✌
We've still got 2 more to visit in the area. Helix is my fave aesthetically. Their service was not great though.
Austin is moving to Miami FL, which means CLOSER TO ME♥ swaggie.
very nice, that sounds awesome
Rise n Grind
yes...certainly a downfall. Didn't think of that. Hopefully it won't be too unbearable.
also just realized i hadn't tweeted in three days.
Excellent -- congrats! I'm looking forward to hearing more and to seeing how the book works for the class.
yes! Lol nice one
Here we go again housewives of Atlanta reunion part 3
hi mi what do u do when u got writers block im a song writer help
so only value in holds leagues? thx!
I'm so fuckin' sore from yesterday
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember how the Jazz were going to give the Spurs a series?
The theme of the weekend is #YOLO apparently 2pac didn't get the memo.
time to get functional, my dude. Leave the bench press at LA Fitness, try
I seriously NEED to buy this puppy.
Them bitches gone ride with who they thinks a winner.. but I'll be smiling in case they take a picture - Wiz
Crying. Nbd
miss you, maybe you'll get a 14th wind and stop by! : )
Thanks sweetie. Everybody check out
did you see them ? I was like so happy last night (:
Brian Harper's mustache > Bryce Harper's mustache
To person who pulled the fire alarm at work today: thank you
Haha. I hate him too. And yeah, drill sucks.
Fantastic night, great job, had a blast and have to try these recipes!!!
Very excited about tonight's tweetchat. Thanks for making it happen!
Watching the game- only 2 weeks until reg season begins
and well hung
Oomf I don't think is getting my text and I'm not trying to blow her phone up..
Wow, very cool looking live demo. Well done by working a biz plan #s into it as well.
10% chance of it being cancer .. i hope hes not that small percentage =/
Need any help/sponsorship for that? Wingman is like speed dating for iPhone lovers :)...
Happy IPO to #client !
Farmers market locations coming soon.
lesser known fact, I coined this term.
They do have a great beer list, but they've got good wines & someone knows the bartender experimenting w/ infused gins.
you're very welcome. Thank you for tweeting :)
maybe you would change your mind. but no.
Sigh. Flying drama. Flight delayed so was going to miss connection. Rebooked but didn't make it. Rebooked AGAIN. I WILL make it home dammit.
Since 730 this morning, I have successfully drank 60 ounces of water 👍
Never look back, it distracts from the now.
yes! Sobbing, laughing, and more sobbing. is stealing the show!
thanks dear! :)
Thats what we love to hear! RT: : I just bought THE most amazing posters Can't wait to decorate my walls!
Don't forget about the mineral called iodine. More on my boomer blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Overtime. Lol I knew it!! An air ball from Kobe and Durant. Wow lol
storm happened in Chicago and we had a big tree fall on our house. Made claim at 8am and no assessor call yet.
Poconos bound today & feel like poo. Think my strep is now a sinus infection. C'est la vie! Still will be a fun wknd!
Good morning! Have a great Friday!
Not yet.
pictures are posted from this weekends events! go check them out!
I'm surprised more companies/agencies don't take this approach. Additional rev...introduction into top tier contacts and insights.
about to upload Robert Stern's set from last thursdays Trance Arson! it was sick as pneumonia
um, we live here! Are your parents w/you?
LMAO 1 bad call now its "Refs are favoring OKC"
yea thanks :)
. Hey Brian, are you coming to the opera on Thursday? Active Child is playing the after party at Act 4!!!
RT : Everything God ever asks you to do, even if it’s difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.
Remember dial-up?
lol cool! I been hearing Wright might be traded mid july :( I will cry worse then I did for reyes.
Just made a cake for my coworkers because I am
how was the puck drop @ the start of the game?
can u have your people call my salsa instructor ?
and i are eating dinner with Meredith from the Office... Who knew!??!!
Ohmygod it's officially monday -_-
im mad oh my god
What are the expectations for the mets this year?
Can't wait!
geographically speaking, I'm in Albany, NY (where I live) but I'm available via Interweb magic.
Taylor gang or hang yourself with 2 chainz
ok, she a damn trip...I'm abt tA slap her though the tv!!
Also tell them to shut up.
watching jersey shore
dude! i was totally just on sound opinions!
#Offline for a little.♥Going out for ice-cream!! #Yummy♥.
Excited to get back to Vincennes !!
the problem isn't technological. The problem is that we have not worked out the semantics for we want to express.
I just ate a man-sized portion of pasta. Like a 300-lb man.
check out Passions by K on facebook! Website coming soon!!
Thanks for following me! I had a great experience at your workshop and took your advice, I'm getting new headshots on Monday!
Did not look like offside to me...
That Goffman guy is too damn smart. Good thing he never met Roy Wagner or the universe would've exploded.
Laying down in my bed.. I'm about to sleep good
Like "This is Your Life" for pet and peeve projects: RT Nothing like gathering old emails for a walk down memory lane!
Last home game week of the season is upon us!
Looking forward to my 2 night solo staycation in DC!
what are we talkin about?
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly You sing it to them.
Smells like CAKE..
We hope you all had a MONUMENTAL time at the 2010 IMM! Let us know about your experience via Twitter and Facebook.
Harbaugh: Both players "miffed" they were taken where they were taken...but happy to come to Baltimore.
I forgot I had a best friend who's a child oh wait #jk #7yearsolderthanme you would never know
RT : Anyone using SkyCore now? How is it?So far so good. Very Nice
cool pic - you know all the celebs :)
HAHAHA that was so funny.
still waiting on u to follow me!!
It was so bad!
nice to meet you too!
Nights with <3
this is the clearest message I took from our mtg last week. Small steps...but moving in the right direction.
my car also plays thumb drives. what a nice surprise.
I love meeting prospective buyers at open houses. Great opportunity to meet nice folks I might not get to talk to otherwise.
To the gym I go...
Just sat down to watch the game. See Clifford is in. Who was scratched?
Really wish I could see
Rumor there were no seats for the band, but again, not certain RT Not certain, but I believe so, yes.
#hottestpeopleontwitter me me me
Congrats to Ian Brosch for his Second Straight FOS All American award!
If the counsel be good, it matters not who gave it. 人をもって言を排せず
RT : Big s/o to my big cuz getting baptized today!!
AK haven't u been an MTV whore? MTV is perfectly willing to exploit children in the name of profit. i.e. 'skins' etc.
Be back in about 35 min
Thanks for the mention. Stuart
"All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies."
agreed... first one i could understand to a point being a mistake... second one was intentional
Act as though it is impossible to fail
dm I envy you. We are told we have an amazing rapid deployment system to improve Edu but can't get funding. Partner or quit?
Fresh perspectives? Higher concentration of talent? Webfonts/better CSS support? Less historical baggage? "Web 2.0" counter-aesthetic?
Follow for tweets that never get old, & you gain followers.
RT : It's World Whiskey Day! I wish I could buy us all a shot so everyone could chill out. So much hatred everywhere.
book or movie? we started the movie but haven't finished it yet...the book was impossible for me.
hopefully y'all play next year, been trying to see u guys stateside!
Votes for the Hot 4 AT 4? Tweet'em now!
Wearing my hair curled by myself for the first time to school.im scared...
No but he's got lots of guns, overalls and a camper!
Thx for the shout out for #Song of Achilles luncheon!
I wonder if i asked to go to my 8th grade dance with me,would he? #NEVERSAYNEVER #DreamsComeTrue <33
easy rock star status.
I gave him the old condom. Duh.
Eagerly awaiting our keys!
thanks dood. But mos def im always here for ya.!
me babe
Does Vegas even have a river?! RT : Just saw 4 people skinny dipping. Yolo Vegas, I guess? O_o"
Holy shit, is your bullpen awful....shit the bed bad. Wow
ha wanna see her lol
try disabling the disqus plugin and I'll try it again. Thats most likely the issue. Or see if there is a plugin update for disqus
Past 2 nights been crazy #Work wonder who gonna get fired tonight.
For social media campaigns always ask, "What is my end goal?" says
Good morning LA! What's Up? I'll fly to NEW YORK today! #excited!
Sports absolutely crushed me today
I cuss so much
Shout out to for the follow!
I honestly can't remember the last time I was completely healthy how sad is that
it happens to everyone
30 more followers and gives away another shirt. Wouldn't that be a sweet Christmas present?
The costumes for "Simply Bach" are almost done! Can't wait to see the finish product!
Today I drove my car and got a parking ticket ($32.00). Sometimes *having* a car sux.
RT : One way to piss off Trump: Call him "Don."
A true icon for many
Who are you hoping goes ALL the way this year?? Starts today! We'll have the games on, come watch and enjoy GREAT pizza!
GO BREW!
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
I've got my tiara on... We r celebrating today 1 Billion shares using our new Share Button App!!
Texting on my new phone!
Playing #BlackOps and drinking beer after packing up my entire house solo.
Get your Jeff Mangum tickets for his Live Show at the Athenaeum Theatre tonight. Call for show tickets at: 888-493-0004
my son did a presentation on igloos at school. He ended with a picture of the inside of his clubpenguin igloo.
keep me posted dude, might still actually be out by then
Its hard to forget someone who has given so much to remember.
'We Win or We Die' screening at Tucson Film Festival @ Screening Room 6pm
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Picking up my boss's visa at the #Chineseconsulate. This line hasn't moved 15inches in 15min
Geri Jewell, actress, comedian and advocate has read Someone Like Me and shares her thoughts on my FB Fan Page.
Man Im The Realest Out ! ! ! !
DID YOU EVER WONDER... Why they are called apartments when they are all stuck together?
A tornado warning.. really? You must be mistaken.. 77 & Not a cloud in the sky for miles.
Don't futz around, get a wiggle on. We're gonna go get zozzeled at the speakeasy. Put on your get up and lets get hot! It'll be just ducky!
Movie night with sweep :)
ur u ok
Thanks for the birthday wishes! ;)
Yeah man, promo that shit
Being Asian, I love me some Spam, but even I won't eat a Canwich.
Tonight! Whiskey Chicks in bricktown! Kacey Walkingstick, Joe Stansberry, Daniel Waller!!! Free beer! (there is no free beer) 8pm
Vanderbilt Police are an actual police force that has jurisdiction all over the downtown area I believe.
RT : March 17th!! Be ready for to kill da set at ! It's gonna get crazy w !
Still cleaning out this closet
We can't wait to see it! RT : . Thanks for the chat today! Hopefully you can edit the video to make me look smart :)
I have many talents..just giving a Fuck is noit one of them!
Come out to Seaside this weekend and stop in Crush for an amazing time and great food!
Its funny to see celebrities get pissed at regular people when they are saying stuff about them
Well done member Smart Grid Director Lee Krevat! Also named to annual "Smart Grid Movers and Shakers" list.
One difference between a plain clothes police officer and an undercover is that an undercover isn't required to show you his badge
Enjoyed meeting w/ 's new reporter, Kelly Quigley! Look forward to reading her upcoming stories on #cleantech in #SD!
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
I want sign-up for that club of you guys :]
Looking for recommendations. Great music documentaries? My favorite remains "We Jam Econo." Others????
EWW--->RT: I'd suck a fart out of her ass and hold it in like a bong rip.
Thanks my darling!!!
going home probably code oragne
no! Lol I can't believe you're leaving! I was excited to be coworkers. :( where are you moving on to?
RT Brand will fold by January RT The Dr. Pepper 10, 'not for women' commercial has to be the worst spot.
hahaha, i'm glad you saw that.
Great week so far. Coming over tomorrow. Sissy's coming over Saturday! Cant wait:) gonna be fun .
I will always love You. You taught me how to love, but not how to stop
Launching a Twitter feed for our MARKET project as a part of Living As Form.
I really want to see this.
First morning back from vacation, I missed my bed, slept in big time! Going for a run now to try & lose the extra weight I gained!
I'll see it again. Chris Evans introduced the screening I went to. NBD.
great tune
I really wish I was grinding the Sunday Millions...
RT : #Instagram lesson: if you keep it simple, it's worth a billion dollars.
Washington Wizards sign Fabricio Oberto 6'10 245 lbs, him and Haywood should be a force to be reckoned with!!
Giffords. Hard hug. Real emotion, some tears from Giffords.
Shout out 2 #CraigTaggart & #MaryThompson 2 of the most amazing #artist on the
is the biggest bitch
A must-follow for opening day: of DO IT.
Congrats! Build it & grow it!
Thanks for the follow Kirk! Hope your BBQ endeavors are going well!
Did you watch Devil Inside?!
thankful God walks w me during my darkest hours...although I've left Him at times, He showed me that He"ll never leave me
suppose i deserve that; people pitching projects, show+tell, if i only had {x} -- doing rather than talking #pubmedia (1/2)
#burningwoman neon neon neon
Gym was fun... Today was B-O-R-I-N-G
Hope, I just need a ray of that.
:( :( well I hope you start feeling better !!!! Can't have my sister sick!
Thunder snow...wheeeeeeee!
go #KFed!!! We're routing for you on celebrity fit club buddy!!
Bored.. fuck around and call it one
good morning Ms Free still admire you
no disrespect to whoever that is. This show will be veterans. Myself, Termanology, Reks, Slaine, NBS, Jaysaun, Checkmark...
Everybody wants happiness but nobody wants pain but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
I remain confused about the sexualization of chocolate as a selling strategy. Especially terrible chocolate. #m&ms
woo so excited for you!!
bitch ass city takin it... Too many tickets...
haha well yeah that too, but the doctor told me I needed to lose weight unless i wanted diabetes so its now or never.
My birthday's on Sunday. Come to Jose tonight and visit.
Already Wednesday I thought yestaday was monday smh
Phillip and Jessica going to the finale! :) Would have really liked to see Josh and Phil but thats ok!
RT : When you can merge intent with interest, you've got marketing magic. Customer Intelligence launched by
follow me :) You honestly don't know what it would mean to me if you did follow me. So PLEASE follow me :)
Aren't you all prolific now? Published here; interviewed there. I'm almost jealous.
They are at lunch :)
Wolf gets out of the 2nd with no damage. Cubs leave 2 on base.
any " hint " as to what the challenge is...?
R.I.P. Dick Clark - You made the standard.. that made the entertainment industy a better place to be.
wow thank u so much!!! That really means a lot!!!! :D we look forward to putting more stuff out :) its on the way! :D
he belongs behind the bar at #FatFalfas making smooties
A workout makes you that little bit better than you were yesterday
U'd rather luv others too much than not enough.
My sister Madison is not quite a human but more than a Bigfoot.... She Toemongus!
Crush: "Heey :)" Me: "Hi :)" Crush: "What's up?" Me: "Nothing really, just sitting here wishing you loved me.. LOL"
First time Paulie hasn't been on top since the season started.
Great talk from Gries: Iconographic tracking: Following "Obama Hope" all around the world
me too. Looks like I've very naughty.
"Got up this morning wit not shit on my mind"
lol Im so lazy right now.
You're the best, and yes.
It's a world on my DVR and I think I know who writes all the family guy uncomfortable too long word fights
When we set our intention for a specific result we are acting at cause; it gains more power and energy.
#viewerschoice lick each others foot.
So, can the Canes make it 3 in a row? We will see.
I GOT AH BIG DICK SO I RUN SHYT!
see, sometimes I have good ideas :D!
She turned her head and is updating her Facebook to say "nearly BROKE MY NECK...."
Am I the only one who can't stand when talks to America as if we are all watching Sesame Street "ok children story time... "
Sittin in class listening to people by the bell tower jam to backstreet boys and spice girls.
As soon as I had complete faith in God's purpose for my life doors began to open.
shit happens when you talk trash about me. i dont talk about you in a bad way. it doesnt make you cool it makes you an asshole
JonVoss shares advice from ken Kesey
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
really Boss Really?
I do my best to take weekends off. I love being able to work on stuff during summer, but I treat it like a work week.
OH: Don't let the American version of Christianity reduce Jesus down to a sympathetic therapist.
Chillin'...I gotta eff with you & David soon.
and that "hard break" was a commercial for Greeny's appearance on Kelly show.
sitting in the heart of karachi, the Pulse of the nation, so deprived of vision, brain drain so evident
When u free
will do. Best of luck to you, sorry that we didn't see you here.
: yes--and changing story so white folks save the day. (As always in any Hwood movie about race)
Thanks to all who came out! What an amazing turnout...you ROCK...you know who u r!
Suffolk County Championship tn at 8 @ Farmingdale State College
Yea man
Such a fun dinner tonight with the super awesome and and I had a really fun time! :)
probably travel the world with my loved ones!
Where is my best friend when I need her? Goonnnnneee!
I love our heart-to-hearts. Simply amazing.
Yeah we got it right!!! "The City That Will Works now."
WHAT.!?!? New Video?
I know, right!? So good :)
marrying a man that can! (Cook that is!)
tweet! tweet twwwweeeeet!
I'm in a digital punishing class. We're learning to code eBooks so they'll look consistent across eReaders. It's HTML mostly
Tomorrow we make it official! File 30,000 Signatures for #LivingWage in Long Beach. Presser at City Hall at 1 pm
Random thought: throwing up a gummy worm. How gross would that be?
He had two choices, drink the last swallow of water in the canteen and extinguish the fire in his throat or
the Phillie Phanatic is not the greatest mascot of all time, that title would belong to the San Diego Chicken
I don't post a lot of #ufo information on twitter like I should. However I will increase if any are interested.
Can You Follow Me Back ?
I will be listening to Ron Pope all day, and loving every moment of it.
Thanks for the follow.
Haha but that was on my other account
What is the best way to treat dark circles? Put sliced cucumber or potato on your eye and rest for a while (and/or SLEEP) ;-)
If you bet against your stupid, point black. Money Team
Looking forward to Artist Open Studio in Houston today.
no I can..but don't #lol what made you ask that??
It's my only day off and ain't shit to do ::( ....Can't wait for my love bug to get back to O'town^_^
I hate when that rogue sticker hangs out on your shirt after you buy it from the store. Doh!
Hahahaha #true gotta live taking those quizzes though
Does your child seem to have trouble understanding directions? www.childlanguagespeech.com
Merry wants you to come to her match!
Pen, Lipgloss, keys
I need to vacation there, that's for sure!
I get worried when you take long 2 reply !!
iCare FHS believes all people, including people who have disabilities, have the right to determine their future. Let us be your guide.
It won't be as windy late tonight as it was late last night, but it'll be windy during the day Tuesday...weaker Wednesday! :-)
all I need are my magic shoes...
And there he is!
Dear Wisconsin: eating remarkable fried cheese curds @ an OH Jersey Cow farm. Better up your game if you still want to be Cheese Curds State
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me
what's up beautiful?u hear from tgif today?
I'll check if out T. Thanks for sharing.
I like to watch babe porn : is that pig porn?
Don't like to call names...but Roland Martin is starting to be a loud mouth. If his Super Bowl comments weren't enough, here he goes this am
did u get my message about an intern?
Bars all day
"This awesomeness doesn't just roll outta bed!" Roy Tennant in keynote at
Out with my momma and :D
stick it in roll it! remind u of sum!
can't wait to see you babe. 4 more hours
so sad!!! Where did the sunshine go?! It was fast and furious....now bundled up!
No #sxsw spottings of Where are you hiding?
I agree, but even daytime #curfews assume that all kids are safer in public school, and disregards many alternative options.
Had a BU Short Film audition this evening! You know it's going well when they reconfirm your availability :)
Did that guy really just pee in the parking lot of the old vine????
A female with her own money does something to me...something god
..."we're gonna miss you harry kalas..."
Off to AZ for some fun!
Great powers been out for about thirty minutes now. No power any where close as far as I know. This is bull.
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yoga-one is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
If you're not at the women's #Little500, I feel bad for you, son. I got #99problems, but the weather ain't one.
please touch on smart gun regulations and the presidential race! Kids died in a high school supertuesday
Anybody ELSE NOTICE BLUE JEANS PLAYING IN AN ESPRESSO COMMERCIAL LMAO
only a true #Belieber would tweet you at 3:16am to vote for a cover for #Boyfriend :) #BOYFRIEND10DAYS #Believe I love you.!
I want to have Amber's babies this very instant...
Great day to stop in for a craft cocktail! Tours at 2pm and 4pm!
You're welcome! ;D
Question for my crush.....do you even like me?
Baby save up all your tears, you might need them someday.
Oh my
my anxiety has been going in and out of control lately! I hate it! It's so not like me!
yes, isn't it interesting?! All the implications it has for all aspects of interactive technology design, planning, management...
Sleep time hoes
Idk why I even attempt to straighten/fix my hair anymore. As soon as I step outside the humidity destroys it. I give up!
I need coffee.
if I can paraphrase Latour: production of ontologies is a process of collective action.
Lets Get This Thang moving...Lewis & Clark Landing
The worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument, you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
Sean Parker’s Stealth Video Startup Airtime Ready For Launch At June 5th Press Event.
um k thx
Pat's spirit helps me during times of trouble, I miss him too, God bless...
Whatever you need (:
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her to be cool with your baby momma
yes let's go hard
Ceremonial putting away of the coat today
In Love With Prince Charming : )
. Miller's calls are evaluated daily with absolutely no penalty for terrible ones.
So happy for you Caron. #GetIt Love, A #Mavs fan
Wing-Co on 36th and Villa seems to be the best candidate if your looking for a good ol' fashioned meth-stabbing.
Can't wait to go home and nap
Haha! Dirty. Yeah, I was exploring it, and as per usual, I just had to type "boobs" in to see what it came back with.
which did you mean to retweet?
Newt Gingrich Profile- A 3-some loving husband, Fannie Mae lobbiest, author, former Speaker. I'm running for president to help the 1%.
Another late day. Another home sold!! Market is moving!!
I was implying I'm watching Bravo the channel
yes-Green Eyeshadow! ;) Catching up on some reading instead-keeping my brains pretty too. Miss you also-Skypeity Skype soon? 
Is it the app with the genie on the cover ?!
Betting on
Brighten up this Summer with Indigo's color services with free add ons!
Seriously the women in the #DWTS live studio audience may riot if William Levy doesn't take his shirt off!
not feelin this 830 game tomorrow
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state." Forget this line much NRA?
RT When daddy home I don't hear from this chick ~~> || I have obligations at home ! LOL jk girl hush i talked to u today !
i mishhhhh you!!!
Semester in LA week #2: Today we have guest speaker actor Peter Jason, then touring Warner Bros. Studios. fun fun!
why are you so PERFECT? ♥
Anybody got kids that Janessa Shorts and I can babysit for money? Or any other legal thing...
Going to go see Phantom Menace in 3d in about two hours!!!
There were a lot of poetic justice braids in the building last night....where do you even go to get those done?
ya for real
My voice on video or phone <<
Good Morning
“If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart” - Arab proverb
BMW, Daimler partner on ultra-light Visio.M city EV
Hey y'all! Finish the coffee and get to the Superdome on Poydras for the Save Our Shipyard March and Rally by 10 a.m! Avondalesos.org
Thanks for following us !
Yes and...I haven't forgiven you! I just think of you as "dumb as a Vienna Sausage" Now!
Cory left for Seattle this morning without saying goodbye. I miss him already, and Sam is standing watch on the front porch waiting for him.
Thanks! Was a piece of cake. :)
Just 2 weeks until I'm home sweet home
Glad I could be helpful!
where in atl is it?
omg!!! Are you okay?!
your my girl :)
Why Do All The Girls In BGC Look Like They Just Went Through Extreme Makeovers On Their Avis? I cant Tell Whos Who...
Jose Reyes... come to !
So Laycee Just Got Out Ambrosia Car Laughing For No Reason.. So I Went Inside
You guys familiar with a bug where you get a black screen then forced to reinstall the game?
Whose comin out to the Chattanooga show on 12/28 ?
; ok i'm a put you plus 1 just in case & say my name at the door
Bff's sweetly gentle your new boyfriend.how do they react?well they say"You BREAK her HEART.I WILL break your FACE.GOT IT?"
" Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Enjoy Friday. Love Saturday. Damn Sunday."
running karaoke at the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland representing the show. Come on down!
Director, Writer, & Produer...
You can't rise from your ashes if at first you haven't burned <3 bri
I'm in serious need of #Halloween costume ideas. The parties start #tonight! #Anyone?
Great! MT : Really enjoyed presentation on just what I needed. Incredible stories of inspiration.
why all the dots?
yo can I put sweatsuit on my iPod? Is it on audio?
A7 Try to land a PT job in your target role if FT not available. If not, make a pivot and take something related and relevant.
Live Lean Today has the best prices on ephedra diet pills including ECA Xtreme
why u up so late dont u have school in the morning
- thanks for following!
i'm scarred. for life.
We've got some funny followers! Check out the joke just posted for us: "What do you all a cow who's just given birth?"
lol interception of the nasty thoughts lol
congrats on your new son. Big Dad!!!
"Imma get dropped off wit them goons late night"...
I love ! U can tell he truly works w/his singers & his facial expressions r priceless whenever they sing nono notes. #TeamAdam !
Perhaps. He's also a much better player.
Happy eARTh day everyone!!!
thanks...I was inspired to tweet after the great wertperch tale of CW09.
I saw yours and a kid from my school was on there I was hell yeah
#AmericanU - Enjoy the study day! Be productive, study, breathe. Finals are almost over. It has been a good semester.
I'm going to be spending my birthday in the studio working, yall might not believe me but it has to be that way.
I think it's called the NOLA exhaustion bird flu with a side of mosquito bites & sun burn. The result of an amazing
Good luck to you! I entered "Incomplete Passes" in their self-published contest.
OH: I met my brother on twitter!
Power is back on! :)
Move to my district! RT : No, but I can get you a date with Pelosi. MT Can you get me an Obamacare waiver?
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!!
he wouldn't shut up about u all day
How did you pick the winners?(:
If they show the awesome 'Beat LA' thing from 82, drink everything
Looking forward to see al the guys that were one time part of my septet, tomorrow Brussels Jazz Orchestra with Kenny Werner
RT : RT : Recalls Tues. are a chance to show the world we meant everything we said and we will deliver on it
Thanks for the #FF love The show last night was awesome! But my favorite part was Troy's muscle shirt.
Early bird gets the worm!!!
So, Breaking Bad is filming a car chase in front of the house tomorrow. Blowing through the stop signs on either end of my block.
right shits gonna be legit , these movies never end
I watched MAGADHEERA with a friend today & we had an absolute blast. Then we reread your post. Love your screencap captions!
RT : Woman Have PMS once a Month. You Men have Asshole Syndrome every other day!!"
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is a little extra
Rangers tomorrow.
good luck this afternoon. Beat the Lady Gators!!!!
I AM DONE AND NOW NOHING TO DO. COME BACK
oh and a pie chart showing most communication is non verbal! getting nauseous
good morn Brandi
#TurnToYou is gonna be fantastic !!!!! :,) my mom will cry tears of joy :) <3 #CantWait !!!!!
This is absolutely insane.
HMU IM SINGLE AND READY TO MINGLE.
hi you are also loved bye
The this weekend. I love
thanks for the follow! checking out now!
Nice job yesterday! Fave session, thanks!
congrats on your victory!
you're 27 followers away from 1000. DAMN LEAH
Long Skype conference to review and polish the surround mix of "La Lontananza." A few elements left to consider but the finish line is near.
Thanks to all who came to our programs and to those who helped make #ala2010 a great conference! Looking forward to New Orleans...
one of us can probably deliver them depending on how far you live
Brewed a nice batch of smoked pale ale this morning...pitched the yeast and left it up to the Gods!
Lunch with old friends for my girl's bday, skyline 2nite with the usual crew... not a bad tuesday!
Come sing me to sleep <333 your voice is perfection :))
i love you. (: I feel like an old person trying to figure everything out!
I've got 2 of his albums, always bumpin to him. How u been in FL?!
After seeing the price of formula, I bought my wife a copy of instead...this baby is breastfeeding till he's 5!
The evil one is back .
RT Wisconsin religious coalition aspires to cut prison population in half by 2015.
Going from .js -> php makes you realize how _visual_ front-end programming is.
Thank you!
RIGHT NOW!!!
oh shit. i looked up.
Everyone is singing #Smash songs!!!
collingwood was always going to win.. everyone knew that. we were just being nice. so im guessing you also watched it ?
he's right The Union made bad choices in offseason, fans pay good money for tix/gear, and should be mad
#Prince George's County, #MD. A weekend of gunfire. 8 people shot. 3 of them killed. reports tonight on News4
Laying in bed like What?????
Random on any music player is good. Random when Trans Siberian Orchestra comes up is nearly magical. JS.
Praying to #tebow for a CATS win tonight.
MIKEY WAS IN THE BACKGROUND. ASDBDKSBAHMSN
yes. I tried to find it on iTunes but I didn't found it. If you download can u tell me from where so I can download it too? :-)
Time to start pregaming for the night yet? 😔😖💔 #bored already
Dis pussy clean, dis pussy squeaky!…
if I ask you something, I want you to be straight up.
If You Are Looking for Directions to Easy Street, Look No Further than... Thousands of internet marketers are building fortunes with onli
I liked your info on instagram helped me understand and not be jealous thanks for sharing
Unfollowing Jason Whitlock this morning, no longer fun watching him come unglued.
"A Death in Summer", such a good mystery by Benjamin Black, even better than "Christine Falls". And summer is about to die, isn't it
would love 2 have some of the functionality of the android app on the web platform. e.g. titling bookmarks, etc
awesome, thank you! Please spread the word :D
21 minutes until I lock my office and go home :-)
RT : Love the picture just put up of Steve Jobs. RIP, Mr. Jobs.
Don't waste time trying to be perfect, just enjoy being that regular dude
Would love to see the Lions take a loss tonight! Go Bears!
We often picture Jesus as a lonely man, but Mark 3:21 says that he had friends. Do you have encouraging people in your life? Get some.
How is everyone doing?
Yup, there's still time....just keep an eye out cuz I think they're changing it up, especially since Lionsgate is in charge now
Make sure you join us for the 2012 NARI Remodeling Expo February 3-5, 2012 at Madison Marriott West with
hey, thanks!
nothing more powerful than people believing in you =D Keep your good friends and your parents close!!
"there was one point where I was going around the dance floor with a limp leg." - lastnight was awesome.
J.R. Smith...Damn!! That dunk was stupid.
UN FOLLOWING AL THE ONES WHO DON'T FOLLOW she loves glee and is a purple ninja
Now you can listen to Christmas music.
And I have made it CLEAR he doesn't have a chance with me. Very, very clear, and I always have made it clear.
It's International Jazz Day!!!!
Hop on a plane and let's go!!
recorded it going to watch it right now so excited :)
I'm sure someone has already tweeted this but are all the hats at the #NFLDRAFT size Small? These guys are big!
Read my last Tweat and tell me if I should? lol
Br. Bill Rehg, SJ sharing a paper for Woodstock Brown Bag today on Lonergan and Habermas: Contributions to Understanding the Moral Domain
Save 10% any new Holiday Party booking at the Charlotte Marriott Executive Park. Call 704-527-9650 and mention you saw it on Twitter!
DUDE when did you get ableton?
Cool man, thanks for the heads up!
I absolutely agree!
"Chase, did u put the wet clothes in the dryer?" "yeah.Oh wait, did you want me to turn the dryer on?" I know why mothers eat their young...
Hades and Red Barn at the Lincoln Room. It was definitely a "strong" night.
#schoolmemories being fat.
Ruthie Otero Rocks! Congratulations on another fantastic performance! You deserve your standing ovations!
Guess what im doing?
After a long day and thinking I'm come to the conclusion to just charge it to the game and move on let the past be the past
no problem
what u been up to buddy
Hate waking up with a headache
what the heck was thrown at my car last night?
Welcome back :) Did you miss us? We missed youu <33
My name is.... MOOOOOJOJOJO!!!!
haha the 5 year old Boy i babysit LOVES that show..it's kind of dumb XDB
do you have swipes?
eh is that true Marion Cotillard 's baby was born? I cant understand french :S
Lets Go Packers! Lets go!! Charlie reppin Plano East boi!!
On my way to Yankee stadium :)
Thanks for including me in the #DCEvents Daily! Hope you're doing well.
Very sorry to hear that Secret Circle was cancelled but I'm looking forward to your next project
I think if life exists, it's probably like this.
Not a day goes by.. I'm starting to see a trend here.
Wanna be innit?? :)
Such colorful people in the ER waiting room.
Get going on the plan: make it full time if possible. A more consistent rate has better outcomes for completion.
lol thank you! But it's a 16 tho.
it's a Tuesday night.. I'll pass on going out tonight lmao
Are you freaking kidding me? What a freaking downer
Watching a documentary on the Seattle rock scene in the 90's. So inspiring.
You can visualize what you desire and bring it to yourself! Start doing it now!
wonderful! happy Friday to you!
Just want you to know, you are always welcome to use mine.
WE HAVE a Empire now! Spend the war money on our people instead of war contractors ,all over the world.The poor bleed, the rich get richer.
Welcome back! Just got to SFO myself right now although headed out instead.
you got a mustang???? wth
NOW I munna go practice belly dance. :-)
agreed but disenfranchised grps go unnoticed by main stream America. Hence why we march. But the story is key! If they listen
Govt costs less if you pay workers less. (Ignoring consequences.) The problem solver rocket scientist crowd.
Nicki's Pink Friday Roman Reloaded >>>>>>> IM IN LOVE OK
Amen...Brooklyn or Bust at this rate...
Gwen stefani singing on #gossipgirl class!
I hope none of you out there has LOGIZOMECHANOPHOBIA....(the fear of computers). Unfortunately, their are people who do.
ur not a douche
Our better block volunteers are tired of cheap pizza, can anyone help us out with dinner tonight?
Stop flinging pee all over the bathroom!
I have no authority over the NUMC. I would suggest contacting them.
May is Southeast Asian Heritage Month. Who are your favorite Everyday Freedom Heroes?
so it's working, but all I get is voice audio. Seems like I should get explosions and stuff also...
our website is currently offline, we are switching servers..
Omg YOUR SO ANNOYING JOJO! * voice *
Phones are evil devices. 150 years ago it would have been the pony express.
I think my iPod is haunted. Outta nowhere, my iHeartRadio app plays a random MJ song.... 0.0 Either that, or I didn't close it properly...
Brazilian weekend !
Any thoughts on WorldCat Local? Sitting in a presentation on it right now.
homemade mac and cheese & pink lemonade <3
There were fermatas in the first third of this piece... what happened to those? Hmm.
I hope your groundhogs day was as fabulous as mine was<3 mine was pretty fab though (: hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Nice! :) you're on it now. Already had you on some game-dev lists but def sounds like you're into #boardgames! :D
make your mom happy & sleep ez-ier at nite. Reassure her ur practicing #safesex- no unplanned babies, no
I personally think Spanish is easier xD
Sunday at the lounge Will be hosting the Bad Bitch Party and im spinning ITS GOING DOWN
We are playing 2-A-Days in Pearland tonight! Come check us out! Doors open at 7!
More No. VA Brokers on the move!! Marty Almquist leaves Cassidy Turley for Avison Young.
SocialCam just looks spammy to me on FB. It's always some shady video, not normal stuff like YouTube.
Kiss this weekend goodbye with the spirit you'd kiss the Blarney Stone! Happy hour is going strong NOW!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 100.000 followers . Follow and he will get you uo ther instantly
Instead, I think Kobe was just giving a short, stupid answer to what he deems to be a stupid question from a reporter.
I have a real tough time separating an artist and their work when that someone is personally vile and repugnant to me.
do we really need training to be authentic, model failure, persistence and flexibility ?
Dreading the #RoyalWedding and the hundreds of stupid tweets about it from people who think their jokes are clever and original
Just got accepted to study abroad in China this summer, and Paris in TWO days!
You're way ahead of me! What's Keynote?
the should be ashamed of the amount of drug dealing I see waiting for bus at north/Maryland
Congratulations to Jeri Williams! Winner of our Kindle Giveaway at ALA MW! Your Kindle is on it's way! :)
Headed to the distillery with family in tow ( ) Be there from 11:30-12:30. Join us
LET ME SLEEP!!!
I believe Geographer and The Frail will be representing!
But im kinda okay with it cause during the summer im going to get really tan.
Must be nice to know you're a style icon :) Cannot wait to see what you're wearing!
Sorry, of. Dang typos. Just talked to Aaron. Supposed to do an interview in 15.
Get some more beers!
I'm holding the scarf hostage. So...
haven't heard from you In awhile. What happened with #freshdirect?
Listening to B5 and B2k working on my term paper. What..is..life..
hello my friend!!! Hope I'm doing this right and you get this...
The Fox Tucson Theatre will also present Alice Tan Ridley (what an amazing voice) on the 13th @ 7:30pm. Get tickets now!
A "shush" of librarians is heading your way! Hope there's still some food left!
The boss lady! Follow her!
In the end, we’re all Artists - we just practice art in different forms, with different kinds of medium. Just work as if you're making Art!
MY SOUL IS LIKE A MIRROR IN WHICH THE GLORY OF GOD IS REFLECTED, BUT SIN, HOWEVER INSIGNIFICANT, COVERS THE MIRROR WITH SMOKE.
Time to start pinning;)
I understand that rationale
Its easy to get into trouble but its hard to get out of trouble
Great Weekend! So much fun! Now just got to get through this week!
I'm going to be a "different nigga" after this trip.
The lecture my mom just gave me<<. Like idc , get out my face.
Good Morning Colorado Happy Thursday!!
Just the tasty bits.
Falling asleep at work? Flex your fists tightly for 6 seconds, take a DEEP breath and exhale. You'll feel a little energized.
Have not gone to sleep yet .. Been up since before 12 or yesterday 👀
SHIT! It's been 32 min and stuck watching reruns of Crossing Jordan. #knowagooddivorcelawyer?
back in the USA ... great trip, but SO happy to see my boys!!
It's #saturdaycinema time! What ate you watching (or planning to watch) this weekend?
8 of 10 trending topics are about the Lake Show, nice
LOL... Don't give them any ideas.
FATHER'S DAY ALERT: really excellent gift ideas here! Custom, collectible, or brand new -- we have it all here Wed-Sat 11-7, Sun 11-5
it's just them performing it live in concert.
No mention of the Albuquerque overpass's height—or of the semi-trailer's that tried to pass under it—but the trailer was definitely taller.
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue. Says decision to shutter #mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
small business marketing
It's been one year today.
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
And you never give your self credit, so can you ne capable if not even you believes so.
When you hittin Denver?
Music saves the soul
Happy Birthday, Jenny!
#StirOSU OH: you need happiness, but it is difficult to quantify.
Humidity killed the cat
good grief! Lmao!
it only takes 21 days to form a habit.... is this one of those grown-up things?
Jackass is good... Just not while you eat..
#nce11time to announce the 2011 national supt of year: Marcus P. Johnson, Sanger USD California.
Talking baseball with random dudes in Giants hats on BART. Yay home opener!
paper football winner!!!!!!!!
I feel bad for #dondraeper! This is the worst birthday present ever!
blow dry her hair
hey good chat last night! what is your email?
#edshow Santorum: People don't want government forcing them to do things. (Ya mean like giving birth to a rapist's baby???)
I do too. But I have no idea how to change the tire or anything. I just learned how to pump a gas 3 yrs ago :O
Please welcome TShoutout to the Max life
The panda one!
I love your dairy obsession. And your crazy dreams :)
Party rock would be on when I turn the radio on, the day after recital.
If you watch college backwards, it's really about losing weight, kicking a drinking habit, and getting smarter.
I'm my own worst enemy. If I can get my mind together I could achieve whatever I want.
- A modern Haiku. Built on medieval structure. Then do vice-versa.
Raza, if our children must be an anchors lets not make port in Arizona.
Looking for a great "essential" item to show clients? Try our his/hers New Englander Rain Jacket. Perfect for all this rain we are getting!
Blessings and Rewards and always on the other side of Commitment and Action!
no, sadly :( I almost went last year, but didn't! But this year, its on!! Have you? :)
Yeah, not surprised to learn that. I'm sure it is a tough go in BC especially w/ ltd land & big import market. BC is pricey
Watch everything! Life is the blueprint to a great stage life
ehh I don't think so I wouldn't trade it for a million dollars. not kiddinng
alright I got you
do we need a special pass for this keynote?
I need to upgrade my dessert stomach. Needs more power.
I wish Lannum had a twitter. We could all be tweeps!
Today's work goal: discuss compiling copyright bibliography w/ colleague. Also finish revising ch. on audiovisual works.
Upper Manhattan & the Bronx under the gun next 20 mins... Washington Heights, Inwood, Morrisania, Port Morris, Williams Bridge
Yes you should(:
absolutely. Specifics make or break a blog post ;)
The other features celebrity poker players and their lifestyle.
But I got bitched at for the things I chose to use to clean it up with.........see, that's one reason why I'm ready to go
The guitar could be better but that face is pretty....special ;) haha
Tough question, someone who gets me thinking and does good in society RT : Who is your favorite #SocialMediaIcon?
Will the circle be unbroken? No, the circle won't be broken.
Sounds good to me:)
Crowd having fun waiting for #LevitatedMass- clapping We Will Rock You, yelling I Love You Rock
Wanna get your product in front of over 400 young Columbus active co-eds? Red Bull did it last year. DM me.
You need some of a piece of The NY then : hope to make sense, some really know how to attend from BIGGIE.
Chicken dinner. :)
Was that Tom Brady's first game as a starter, versus Manning and Colts?
peace out mahomies. bed time for me, me thinks. well see ya tomorrow morning luvies ;) this sexy toe is out. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
We are live at 3pm EST on 3/1/2012 for your online shopping convenience of The ZEST Collection. We can't wait to serve you!!!
bo! green bay won! ugh steelers r still better! lol it was a great game tho :)
oh wow what happened to her? I was just watching the bodyguard the other day lol she was so beautiful
Wow Spurs pulled off a mean run lol
but not tomorrow, tomorow you run with them and play with them, because you can. And you WILL make the wisco rugby team.
doesn't make sense. Whatever.
Everyone needs a BRAND NEW SKIRT!
friends, we're gonna hang out at the after work on friday if you want to stop by. 5:30ish. maybe swing over to cooper's after?
Didn't know Ray Finkle was a Raven
