los 33!!! chi chi chi le le le, los mineros de Chile!!!
Just finished fun interview with Billy Mitchell, in-house historian at Did u know Ella Fitz Gerald won amateur night at 15?
Which of your critical health needs have been solved by the simple solution of #GoogleIt? Let know!
the vw motorcycle!
Sunday Funday @ Spy Bar Open Bar till 11
Did u ever moon a person?
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
Happy hour starts in 15 minutes
"Is it true all French flags have the red and blue sections velcroed onto a white base for easy removal?"
Off to odark30studio to visit my friend Brad! And to master the new album! Hi ho hi ho! Off to work we go! 4 years in the making!!!
Am I the only one not getting the feed on the #comm_college virtual symposium?
i feel sick as fuck!! this medicine aint shit
When I text you, that means I miss you. When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me.
I love when I get to empty the lint trap in the dryer.
Ha u can never have enough bourbon. :) lol jk u cann
Fuck you if you think someone should have to change for a significant other.
Im off i need something to do that doesnt require me working
": wish #oomf would call me !" Sorry I'm married ;) Lmao jk
A5 B) willingness of customers to understand sometimes brands break their promise as a way to improve & want constructive criticism
Graduation party hopping...
RT : I can't help but shake my head at people who want content but want neither to pay for it nor look at/watch/listen to ads.
RT : Hold life's goodness securely in your heart. Move forward with confidence, knowing it is always there.
F-16's not F-15's
the fast blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
A beautiful day in Vegas...drop of some old tennis shoes for our shoe drive and grab some FoYo
#GreysonMMag When you're old enough to drive, what type of car are you getting? :)
"Cause mama, mama I'm coming home..."
How's it going with that New Year's Resolution?
Attitudes shape behavior in social media:If you want someone to connect w you via #Twitter or #FB are you including links in your signature?
you buff goof ball ! :-)
gah chelsea grin sounds so good. like good pain. i love it.
lmfao RT“: * comes out of no where & holds me back *”
seriously! but hey you do save money, wish I was saving money ._.
Honored to get to attend the #powmia recognition ceremony at the pentagon today.
Don't You Talk While I'm Talking You Better Mute It !
Study Claims Flaws Caused Nuclear Leak Laguna Beach Independent Changes at San Onofre nuclear power plant that“crammed”400 additional pipes
If I Bought tickets on fandango how do I pick them up and where!???
I hate how little middle schools stare at me
okay so i actually went to six flags yesterday but it was fun. it was pouring out for like 2 and a half hours but it was empty! - eugene
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Officially rampaged.
The Black Diamond will live 2 ride another day. But this bill tho...Lord I thank you 4 blessing us w/ favor. When you fret just PRAISE HIM!
lol they get a whopping $230 a year to be the good lil nazi ! most they've ever earned in a year tho !
belting out whitney houston.
anyone know if it's possible to transfer ebooks (From ibooks, kindle, etc) into Google Books to have them all accessible from one place?
Need a reroof. We do all types of roofs Plus we are General Contractors 305-232-3344
"You can forgive a fool because he only runs in one direction & doesn’t deceive anybody. It’s the deceivers who make you feel bad
yow mi day was far i enjoy
she's a talented girl. watch out.
is college life fun ?
You are refreshing :)
I LOVE this new Tim Burton wallpaper. soo awesome!!
According to these candidates Obama has done nothing right and their going to set everything right through no taxes and deregulation.
I cringe when I see or hear that.
listen to my heart; just as one beat ends, another starts.
I am appauled to see that a certain topic is trending. I will not name it because I don't want to add to its numbers but it is NOT FUNNY!
Rev. Calvin Butts standing ovation for a lyrical statement, quoting poetry and MLK and prose, capturing black experience in America
is not sure this tweeting and twitting is all it's cracked up to be...
I agree! GrRr RT : better not ever go away!!!!!
Why do they have to be such dicks about it I'm just trying to find my friend...
Im in Miami
thanks for the follow!!
We Train, We Supply, & We Manufacture. Boost UR income in 30 days with hair extensions OR just buy the best wig around! www.drwiggys.com
I'll call museum & ask
you dont REALLY mean that... you know you support the jersey dress movement
are you grannies little boy ? 👵<3👶
I have no emotional connection to Davy Jones or WABB, but tons clearly did. RIP to both.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I cant accept not trying. Michael Jordan”
Always though Colonel Sanders did. . . RT Black people perfected Chicken
Everytime i eat girl scout cookies i thik about
lol oh hush you know you got hyped that I responded to your foot tweet
Saw my middle school math teacher that used to hate me and a drag queen at work tonight...haha. Weird night.
king of spiders, lord of goblins, and prince of all that goes bump in the night
Art is the only thing that can save me now.
damn. all of my dreams are about missing birth control pills and deadlines.
If I weren't in Vegas I'd be in Hastings, NE for Whoopers and Hoopers
Go Blue!!!!!! RT : Student section has taken the field, celebrating at midfield.
yay! rosie's in da hood!
rip tom bosley.
Yeah, you know the Boyfriend music video? I just watched it. I'm jealous of that Selena lookalike. Be mine now? ;D
On my way to work!!!
did I just get an exclusive #ff ? Omg!
Great to see #Arsenal 's Invincibles win Best Prem team ever.
New avi , old picture .
hit my line
on my phone. . . I can't see pictures -_- i was colouring in a colouring book and had to colour one
One Week Till Try-outs.
My mom was just singing One Direction. She said "It's a cute little ditty. It got ok reviews." WHAT?!
Thank you so much for helping us out this morning, If the whole music thing doesn't work out, let's talk! :)
I am with u on this one!!!
sounds like a solid plan to us!!!!
I favored it cause its so true tho hah
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx4
Will check it out - thx for tip :) -CV
RIP Bob Probert. Punch an angel for us.
GIRLS GONE WILD THIS FRIDAY NIGHT @ Broadway Bar!!!! $500 WET Bikini Contest I highly suggest to ARRIVE EARLY RT & get a FREE DRINK!!!!
I don't know how to use twitter lol there's no like button but thanks for the shoutouts man
Why did you stop Mika from asking a ? of the Republican House leader wed morn? You are not fair to her or your listeners
No not Matt
Speechless.... This is the time to step it up!
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Not too bad just heavy snow and no plows!
wow, what the heck?
Longest day ever. I'm going to bed. Peace out.
haha she was my teacher freshman year lol
ring ring hi mr track coach layla can't go to practice cause she has very nice seats at the brewer game sorry bro
The Official Yesterday EP has been released! Visit yesterdayrock.com and go to the store to grab yours!
Shower, then off to bed.
May 26 RT when the #Fornication video dropping?
Lucky Koreans RT : Yea! Im back Korea! RT : Save the date: at club octagon, seoul. June 5th 2012.
We will be attending from Cleveland, Ohio! We are very excited to hear what has to say!
so back up off of me, you're weirrrding me out.
You wouldn't invite friends over to a messy house so why would you invite potential buyers. Before going to market - DECLUTTER!
so cool!!!
we play this game over nd over hopin tha results will b different
He does that weird knee crouch thing that stops the ball right in front of the catcher. A lunge, if you will.
Don't enable offenses to offend your future. Forgive the offense and empower your future.
day-drinking may be one of the best things ever
uh, what? It's not a conspiracy if it's out in the open.
#health tip: Blood sugar woes? Refined flour acts like sugar once it hits your bloodstream. Substitute with 100% whole wheat flour
Can it be? I think I'm starting to get EXCITED about Summer Reading and all the awesome stuff we have planned!
If I'm the Colts I make a waiver claim on Jason Allen...like yesterday. What do you think? .
Lol if only it worked like that!!!
Want to lose weight? Drink 16oz of cold water before each meal. Then, eat only HALF of what’s on your plate.
. love these guys 's go to spot for a cut. Was going to get a shape up from them
Last night I heard our new estate planning attorney John Yohe make a presentation- WOW- we are so lucky to have him.
Write this down! The Fashion show will be April 28th 2012! Although don't ask me who I'm wearing because I am a dingo.
Going from Cuba to Africa, off to Leige.
I've read theories that state: "There are too many free eBooks in the ether. No need to buy one for a long time."
Good research!
Ur a smart girl u know that. U will get so far in life, I believe in u.
Rachel singing "I won't give up" = AMAZING.
WHO MOVED MY CHEESE?
Thank you! I especially like that Spring is in AutoTune. Now pondering other similes: Spring is like coming off cough syrup
Do it liike a dude
Howard Stern is a passionate First Amendment advocate, yet he wants to silence criticism by fans? Nothing wrong here...
Sleeping in contacts..
Thanks for your good wishes! Things are looking very promising for good weather thankfully!
Ah, gotcha:-)
I hate being jealous ..
Thank you both. Suggest I start with tongue blocking or puckering?
It's a trip how we follow the celeberity's and they dont return the favor and follow us back wow bs in the air
OK THEN
On the South side of campus today. Seeing all the nerd archetypes I hung with as a computer science major.
There's something really bothersome about saying "I'm okay w/ marriage equality AND what happened yesterday in North Carolina."
Yep what are you let m. guess Mexican
how about something with salted caramel?
#bookteeveemashups Dr. Jekyll and Mister Ed
The only real change in OneNote is adding the ribbon.
Finished working on the newsletter and looking forward to seeing you at the Spring Contest..Send a message for more information
Consumers sharing more personal info—daily outfits—lets brands see vivid picture of habits and a look into actual closets.
“: Opening up tomorrow at Noon. Address 3333 Midway Suite 104." Soft opening come and check it out.
. told me to take a hike. So I'm going to.
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google
Yes, figured it out eventually
My feet hurt
Your choice to not respond with "you know what else is definitive on vinyl? Your mom" shows significant restraint on your part.
wow! Good luck! What are you studying? :)
You could use his titles: The Abundant Tweeter, or His Tweets, In His Arms, in Light, Aloft.
Apparently a lot of people I know are at google today! :) your pics remind me of ye'olde Aol days
Thanks for the follow
#phillyete We found lost equipment in one of the conference rooms last night. Stop by the conference table for details.
We're down 35, kind of hard to believe anything now
aw you're welcome!
Just finished 3 beautiful women done with complete makeup in less than 40min for Clinton Kelly's Makeover Segment on The Chew!!!
There are only two things in life, reasons and results.. reasons simply don't count. Dr. Robert Anthony
Nvm, they're not compatible… Verizon Black iPhone 4s 16gig for sale…
#RT #Thanksgiving at #Montage #BeverlyHills. Buffet, live music and more. Enjoy This #Thanksgiving!!
actually it's pretty good, for a minute I thought he was a sissy until I watch the show. There's hot females everywhere.
thank youu! btw love the username ;)
'ello loves, we are playing at the hidden castle in norman this sun 12/12 around 7:30pm for a film showing..we play in the movie and...
yeah I know.
Money to blow sadly
I think not that hard, to be honest.
I think the anonymous comments/blogs completely de-legitimizes rostra.
The Amon Tobin set was awesome last night! 'Grats to the #Nebula team on the launch and thanks for the great party!
farts sound weird in the morning.
-- is really good at PR :-P
NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories coming SOON. How does Sunday sound?!
“The frame has died, long live the pixel”
"The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity." -- Peter Drucker, Businessman
yes I know!:) so proud
Like if you'd like StoneAge to play in the Rockwall /Rowlett area!
Oyster Hour Starts Now & Lasts all Night! Drop by for $4 Wines, $3 Drafts, $5 Happy Hour Plates and "Buck-a-Shuck" Local Oysters.
why do we say something is "out of whack"? so if something is normal, is it "in whack"?
Coming Up Next on the TJMS: Former ATL Housewife Sheree Whitfield joins the party!
my back hurts!:/
No light, no light in your bright blue eyes.
OH MY GOD HI RT ": omfg where have you been I haven't talked to you in 10 years"
Must read every week. RT Another great #sportsbiz newsletter from this week
You just have good taste. I always find the expensive stuff at those stores.
Love it! A lot of great design for entertainment sites. I will keep you in mind for sure. Thanks!
should consider having Jasmine Beach-Ferarra on as a panel guest
More than you want, less than it seems like, and not forever though it will often feel like it.
Bitch, why you gotta be so
So call me maybe?(;
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you leave, commit to staying.
proud of you and thankful for your greatness! Proud to be a #Packers fan, #GoPackGo!!!!
Hey Hear you might be home this time of year. Hope you stop by the shop if you are. First round on
nah, just a stressful one. Weekend!
When your in the middle of an amazing dream and wake up in the best part -.-
We'll be picking the winners of our #allamerks ticket giveaway at 3:30pm. Last chance to tweet why you should get two tickets to the game.
I never win anything ,I could be the only name in the drawing and still not win.ha
let's do this thang!
fuck outta here!!! You don't even know these people. Back up
#DunkContest is boring!
Best way to spend the morning before a closing shift? 3-mile run. Let's hope I don't need a nap this afternoon now.
wonder if that is 600 pairs of tickets or just 600 tickets ie 300 ppl
Finally having red hair has paid off! Got a modeling job cause of my "edgy" look. x)
those are the cutest!!!
thanks I will! (: hows life treating ya?
why do people I dont follow come up in my time line?
Broncos staff surprised Dook even had a football team. Hope they enjoyed their visit to the Triangle.
I been gone
Emma Watson -- She's a Little Bit Country
#FollowFriday Here are some people I like to follow and read:
KT is in this heat starting P3
If you order from #homedepot.com - pray that your items arrive in perfect order or this will be the worst return of a lifetime.
Watching Batman: The animated series.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Thanks Bishop Boyd!! RT : Happy Birthday bro!!!!
Whenever someone in your family has a baby & you want to hold her forever...
Yes (runs in any browser), yes and yes. LEDES invoicing too.
pretty sure that's on right after World's Best Car Chases and before When Vacations Attack.
Bitchh, your like a refrigerator.. Everyone's stuck their meat in you, x)
this snow is more beautiful knowing that it probably won't be around very long :)
That weed dealer is mad at us for having medical cards and not buying strictly from street dealers. WTF?
Going to see the bakery and grab a bite to eat. You?
Competitive pricing is one thing, but selling at or near cost just to bring in traffic puts mom-and-pops out of business. Seen it before.
So happy I worked out and then had a double-double protein style. So good, it feels like Saturday night.
holy lightning and thunder! couldn't do his liveshot at Hood to Coast for fear of being a lightning rod!
Follow back? :) <3
...my truck just got out of the shop today. Unexpected vehicle maintenance costs are the WORST. Hope you get it back soon!
wrote some good lyrics today inspired by the separation of two friends. Sad but ok for them and good for me to be able to write about it!
Well be here till 11. We look forward to seeing you.
Wondering why citizen science & serious leisure are so rare in the social sciences. Any counterexamples?
Oh no, we came to look for you today - didn't know you update on twitter!
FAIL! Handing out red ribbons for World AIDS Day in #CLE, I was ignored by many on E. 4th. Save the tatas= cheers! Save lives= ohmygod, No!
come to my house and entertain me
YEAH, but they were MANLY; all waffley, rough & itchy! These are fine, silky, show-off-legs-hold-back-guts, printed FANCYPANTS!!!
2 be wrong is nothing unless you continue 2 remember it..
im so incredibly proud of you guys. #dirtywork is amazing! Keep up the good work <3
Sunny day outside! goin to my friends house..
Listening to our record haul from yesterday. We found some gems.
After watching the Champ Bailey press conference, I realized there's nobody Im more happy 4 w/ Manning here. Champ has a chance at Lombardi!
hi AP can I get a RT 4 being the biggest Vikes fan & still believing the 12-4 vikes will make the playoffs. Have a nice day
hngn' out, mssn' rnd'. had our best #scidentity session w/ middle schlr's today. read briane greene and some hunger games. had lots o' fun!
hey wait a minute! lol... did you find a way around it or are you not there yet? or am i just wrong?
waiting to hear about an lease application... waiting for some one to rifle through my credit always makes me nervous
Love is a wonderful thing.You never have to take it away from one person to give it to another.There's always more than enough to go around
Kindness is never wasted. If it doesn't affect the recipient, it'll always benefit the bestower. (Prov. 11:17) It is God's will (Eph. 4:29)
The fact he has no idea how to get it off is hilarious. "will a shower get it off?!" "Evie, I need a makeup wipe."
Productive day....errands, errands and more
ill DM it to u. Im actually hitting the hay soon. I gotta get up at 5. Ill def play tomorrow
Candy tampering is almost unheard of, I'd be more concerned about pedophiles jerking off on the candy,bc perverts are gross.Happy Halloween!
Brewers + playoffs = Sweet 2008
Big time shot by AT!!! big 3-pointer to tie the game at 92 with 25.5 seconds left in the game
Oh shit. i didnt even realize :o im officially stupid, bye </3
So glad I'm oust out of work!!
Nigga can't drink like he want 2
It's GAME DAY #RavensNation LET'S GO!!!!!
so he spread poop in the sprinkler then used a fork to remove it?? Yummy
Just finished watching Avengers , that was a good movie...
- Not sure where you are in TX, but Austin Shoe Hospital is very good.
The background visualizations of the beach boys & adam levine performance are wonderful.
People on twitter are always awake...that's a good thing ;)
i love how fail Sica is in this concept to look manly. pwahhahhaha <333 Jessbian for the win!.
Exciting opp 2 undertake PhD research in2 curatorial strategies of electronic arts festivals! AHRC Collaborative PhD Studentship
Over all these fake ass dudes let's go on to the NEXT!
is teaching his choreo tonight! Come play!
MWAH HA HA!!! <<EVIL LAUGH
my next day off I'm there.
Has anyone told what that runny wet poop is called yet?
Feeling the effects of second semester senioritis...
It made Peter kick instead of stab
Best song you've written?
About a year ago, we had a disagreement about No Ordinary Family. I just finished watching all of The Shield, and wanted...
looking forward to having you JGess, it's going to be bigger and better than last year
Tito y su Son de Cuba at Yoshi's Oakland Saturday August 6 8pm!
Thanks for the FF! Have a good weekend!
Tailgating usually starts around sunrise. Come early. Be loud. Stay late. Wear orange. (I'll be rubbing brisket around 8:30.)
I fear I stepped on 's BigNietzche with that last tweet, sorry.
Great skating! RT : Holy pirates! All Stars win!! 131 to 121
RT : RT “: When you go around liking pages, you're building out your social identity #smwla #smwpaley”
Hi, do you like fantasy movies and books? If so who are your favorite authors?
Just left the hospital pray for alex
I wish writers stop naming their plays with ridiculous bullshit titles. No sorry that doesn't help sell tickets. Idk what the hell it is.
Hearing the word flashback followed by The Perfect Drug makes me really sad.
dont you want them to win so we can knock them out
'ask my bodyguard who hates me' - Milk Dee
Great set by , hit the stage in 20min!
I'm #bossy.. I'm the first girl to spin on his track
"Goals are dreams with deadlines." ~Diana Scharf Hunt
YES! NO! ALWAYS....NO! YES
My boyfriend is MY BEST FRIEND! :-)
I think that's what it was, but Dems need to embrace and run on backing BHO, though congress should present budget propasals
Hope you score some new gear!
If I were invited to a dinner party with my characters, I wouldn't show up. ~ Dr Seuss
#MissAmerica in less than a month! Who will be the next #Queen?
": I don't hate you, I just dislike your existence."
I miss my Teddy Bear :( Life is just not the same without but i'm trying hard to stay uplifted.. Help me Jesus....
Going storm chasing next summer :D
. "assortive mating" - high earners marrying other high earners, accelerating inequality trends
Awesome! Thanks for the tip. How are you?
haha.. yep :DD lol I hate this! ~~ have a nice few hours of your weekend girls :))*
“: "If you don't drink, then all of your stories suck and end with, 'And then I got home.'" — Jim Jeffries #beerquotes”
Sitting on my porch, smoking and writing a screenplay. I can only imagine how many people in this city are doing this exact same thing.
RT "Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present." Albert Camus
oh well sad for them lol
False...the cat had wings!!
I got my lil family growin... I dont need ur help! Ur dismissed... Been dismissed at that...
He makes a team want to rise up..even if Pau was the one who really brought the most...and Blake was awesome...
it was so good I loved it!!
Good Morning loves, today is my first day at the new job yay! #kindanervous #wishmeluck Enjoy ur Monday loves! Xx
I'm happy I'm going to Hollywood!
#BETaward so was that the preview for the Braxton family album
Parcels out of the #Saints candidacy? Looks like they'll have to scramble.
Ok so the girl at football keeps going back into the jr high locker room and we keep telling her to stop but she won't listen
appreciate it
LADIES WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR YOU!!!
At the theater with GIJ to see The Avengers.
Eek. How is the Komen Foundation leeching from Planned Parenthood?
Remember when you were little & though the wall was a HUGE paper
is retweeting everybody about this movie #BattelfieldAmerica !!!
Gotcha! Will keep my eyes peeled.
please explain why/how this happened hahaha
At for Derby Day with and
We got a decent amount of rain, but not to the level you would have guessed judging by the thunder and lightning.
Omg...I Just had a heart attack... is FOLLOWING ME!!! OMG I AM LIKE EXPLODING OMG CODY
damn dat sucks
I can't stand mike breen
thanks for the follow Tim
Best news I've heard in months RT Have Your Heard? We are launching a New Website in early Spring...stay tuned for details!
WOW it's crazy, they miss out on there GCSE's and everything! i want to get my life on track first be with someone i love!
No one has the right to judge you. They might have heard your stories, but they didn't feel what you were going through.
anyone can tweet about MY Lord and Savior Jesus Christ!..dat don't make them godly...
hahaha I kno right he's so beautiful in that movie
Ryan Braun just said in his best Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber voice, "so you're telling me there's a chance"
enjoying the weekend
fucking headaches suck.
ok. Good!
Happy Hearts in a happy house equal a Happy Home!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the follow! How is going? I'd love to still chat about it if you have any free time :)
is the cemetary full of clowns, too?
mhm, keep talkin im so damn scared. seriously I never liked you for the start! I hate youh(: peacee out brrooo!
In coaches box @ 3rd - youngest son on 2nd - oldest rips HR over the CF's head - Daughter & wife in the stands - Check please, no, I'm good
It Feel So Good To be Home
AMAZING made me cry :') one of my favorite nights ever!
Good morning twitter fam! Have a great day and have fun while you're doing it.
Come and check out New Salmon Dish !
bring them to SF please
hey go follow , she follow back :D plz follow
RT : Hey #SanDiego... We've got your deal for today in Mission Hills. Just $5! Get yours now!...
HAPPY HAPPY birthday to my ! I would give anything to celebrate it with you. Tu me manques. <3
A good day at #DHCS2011 thanks to speakers , volunteers, participants.
looking for a #photographer to take your #headshots? want to know what others think of him/her?
Hey, just posted an interesting blog by Mike Chavez about bloblive on www.downtownster.com. Time for coffee at Bottega Louie 7th & Grand!
thanks for nicely telling me I'm a wicked bitch.
": Can't say the word #Vegas on Twitter without getting spammed by bots and "
Preservation Society of Fells Point and Federal Hill does design review for the Fells local district.
dick head
Has your church sponsored or supported a church plant?
Agnostic historian says Jesus did exist
At a marketing seminar working with students on entrepreneurial business approaches.
please follow would you do that for this fan
Lupia. In attempts to educate the public and policymakers abt science, failure is common. The problem isn't 'them,' it's us.
next Tuesday! I wish we could've came to sarahs :(
she wanted to do 5 seconds, and I was like heeeeeeeeellll naw gurl!
it's gone!
Scene: line outside building with thumping music leaking out the door. Guy walking by- is this a club? Guy in line- nope, its a church. Ha!
She probably started talking politics/immigration with him...
If it makes you happy,then why the hell you so sad?
Im upset because people steal my fucking edits and say its there's. UGH, MAKE YOUR OWN EDITS.
Good morning world
Alexander Penney~ The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands.
RT : RT : open up the Blazer chat,, (It's open now)
A Christmas without is not a Christmas at all.
nope, not yet...need to complete application first!
Remember to help a stranger today!
80's New Wave and Pop playlists while driving on a sunny day = Heaven.
Contact and capture confirmed.
Please ask him who is the underwritter for the FED and the IBS ( International Bank Of Settlement...PLEASE.
Spring Beauty Trend #4: Full Brows. Tip: to groom brows and still keep them natural, just tweeze stray hairs underneath your arch.
wish i had somethin to tweet about oh well
imitation is the biggest form of flattery
i' m going into the eight grade too..
There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol
Watching The Killing with Viggle Sun | 6PM | AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited about the new video series we are doing for We got to fire machine guns yesterday!
It's a #Canes kind of day.
ROBERT. hi.
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she don't kno ice cube was a rapper
what are you guys doing after?
For real though, Malaki on BGT is the cutest thing.
when the eff do tickets go on sale??
Too bad the Jordy Nelson event starts at 4 at Southridge. There's no way I'd make it. But I'd love to meet him. I love him.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
that's cool! I'll have to look into them. We designed the logo so its definitely ours! :)
We were in the Industrial Age, then the Information Age. Perhaps now we are in the Inspiration Age
I didn't get a chance to ask how was Greece?
We're marching to one police plaza
number of viewers means nothing...maybe you should just admit you are the racist here
traveling and enjoying life
Breakfast meeting this morning Love the breakfast sandwich. Make it lite w/lite cheese and no butter.
Just remember when no one else is there for you I will be
Youtube needs the ability to search lyrics for those times when I can't remember the name of the song!! Hello!
Ok just send them as soon as you can
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.
BCEC room 104 A/B 10:30-Noon Today. Mobile Technologies & Next Generation Catalogs: LITA Next Generation Catalog IG at ALA Boston
Have a great show!!! Can't wait to see the pics and hear the stories...
I am betting against the Giants in that series..
Come get your #magnatiles today! They won't be in stock long! Our friends at #valtech shipped a limited # and they arrived at the Quarry...
I feel so close to you.
well yea it sux for now...
Meeting today with #CelebrationFoundation and a networking event this evening. Lots to look forward to.
I hear that it's smoke from some fires north east of phx
sadly, we played that already tonight. Sorry.
That line will open doors for you...just watch and see!
": Going to make a video for sing like contest"...do it! You could be the first video posted!!
RT : Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn't be its precondition.
Thanks for the #FF!
Tiny thirsty. She paid & wants her friend money too?! That's WRONG. I say Shenika should get 70
Niggas Ain't Loyal, That's Means Niggas Ain't For You!
After 1 too many dry, icky cupcakes, it's official. I'm so over cupcake trucks.
Are you serious!
#ITALYLOVESDEMI Love you :)
where did you move to now?
it will take 4-5 days to cash, so prob not until like tues/wed. Not sure how many left/started b/c theres 4 day 1s
thanks for the 5 tips !
palm tree dance ?!
oops meant to reply not rt... Miles head looks good wasnt he on Boston? Trade?
failing to admit you like twitter...
#GreatnessIs having the pride which compels a man to do his best, even when no one is watching
I love your guys music you guys are great ;)
Seriously an Oshowatt stuffed animal that turns into a pokeball like a popple. Thats at the top of my things I need list.
Last practice day of the week! Preparing for another great weekend
I got enough notice, but they never got the paper reply I sent to them and then sent me a threatening letter.
The only time your name on twitter should be 'Katy Perry' is if YOU ARE Katy Perry. If not, please sit down and stay irrelevant.
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want to know how much my believe stone i handed u at the show meant to you?
get @ me then ull win
their last album sounded like spoon too. I like spoon but I want more of what the first album dropped.
Headed 2 the gym with my dad nd my best friend, then heading 2 Red Lobsters 2 watch the Bulls
YOU have a head problem being in love with Justin Bieber.
If it's any consolation.......nope
Would like to thank ALL of you who tweeted me the awesome snowboarding vids...WE HAVE A WINNER............
Nuggets win in overtime!!! Love Denver sports!!
Oh! Are you ok?
loved seeing on today a mere days after Jessy visited and my Women in the Civil Rights class!
Is suspension really making you that bored??
Gsag is our alert
Yeah! I had no idea. I'm going to see if we can work in some press coverage ;)
I love Jaws, but isn't he going out of his way to talk up Brett Favre tonight? Both Jaws and Gruden are high on Favre and Pete
I just got fortune cookie ripped off. " hallelujah " That is not a fortune. I came here for a fortune and I got a church song.
I WAS JUS TRYNA PUT U N CHARGE OF SUMTHIN
If you never wanna be sad , why you always watching sad shit thats why your life fucked up , watch Disney .
Thanks for the follow Garden♥Tricks (GardenTricks)! :)
Heartbreaking roller coaster for Deccan Chargers fans. Congrats to Delhi for holding on.
I'm hanging in there. Pretty much in a brain fog. Funeral is Fri then celebrating my dad's 85th on Sat. Roller coaster wknd.
Yes, I have Dropbox
Absolutely RT A2 Shopping local businesses! Its fun to find those little independent gems around your neighborhood!
Writing about nuclear disarmament protest in New York City on June 12, 1982--were you there?
They kick u out for that.. for real tho
Happy birthday little bro u finally turning your two digits!!!! Now its time for me to get my punches....haha
Hopefully tomorrow they gave her the longest sentence. Im still pissed off at the verdict grrrrrr... Watching tv bored at the house !!!!
RT Early #FF to - brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle #eventprof and a good friend new to Twitter!
Is your concept marketable? If you & your friends wouldn't even be excited to go out and see your movie maybe it's not worth executing well.
The Maury Show is foolery
You know im always blunted and wen we done u might feel it in yo stomach ;)
I'm going to take my bitchy self outside before I make trouble for myself on the intertron. Twitter GM's, take to the skies!
On my way to court to bail some people out.
I wanna fall asleep in ur arms I want u to be the one to wipe away my tears I want u to be the 1 u say goodnight baby to I want to b yours
done and done!
What going on this winter Lakedra?
I just finished a 7.14 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
LOVE YOU
. I guess I forget that the Internet is mostly just a receptacle for men to vomit misogyny into
Or like some Crocs? I don think he thought out this lyric too well...
Porsche braced for smaller sales gain in China
It smells like sea water
Now I really can't sleep!!
Thanks for the follow, Kay. Nice to be connected with you!
I will be uploading more work to my web site maryouimettekinney.com very soon.
how was the rest of the night last night?
I tip my hat to Lebron for winning his third MVP. It's not easy to play at a high level while half the world is rooting for you to fail.
dont let anyone get you down you are beatiful.
Drinking wine with Laura at Matador.
Thanks so much! ": I wish you and carl the best and hope the wedding goes great"
can you go on tour... and come to Houston please?! That would literally make my life :)
Tonight begins the long string of nightly library dates to finish my 3-20 page research papers before May 16!
I commend Gov Tomblin on his diligence, am eager to see what legislation is proposed based on the report's findings
i trust that it was a really awesome comment.
": I dont know who they are, it sounds ok , not my type of music.. Lol" I know, vampires aren't singing it
We'd LOVE to tell you the story of a high school teacher who's trying to change democracy with a website. Tell us more!
I am setting up a traffic exchange for local Lake Norman Companies. If you would like to advertise your web site for free, e-mail me
": #FF Nice guy, good baseball writer, glorious mullet." In Maine that doesnt even qualify as a mullet! Lol
Aw yeah!!
thanks, Jen!
"It was Wednesday, December 7. It was raining in New York. Working bunko when I heard. Officer Bill Gannon was the best, just a fact."
rumors have the most mysterious information don't they? :) jkkk <3333 love you bestfweennnnd :)
Crazy woman on the bus is really, really, really excited about the rainbow we can see down the street
"Close Only Counts In Horseshoes And Hand Grenades" - Jesse The Body Ventura
Have I ever mentioned my strong hate for Sidney Crosby?...
OK...I survived the B-day of the 10 year old & her girlfriends. I have to admit though, I did have fun watching her have fun.
see you at Kelli's first?
support struggling learners; they have authority,flexibility&accountability to plan ind&small group support
I was asleep! Lol. You can queue up. Your tumblr with posts. They feed into my twitter acct.
Love Downtown Albuquerque? Want to help make it better? Albuquerque City Council is reviewing Dwntwn Sector Plan today at 5 pm City Hall.
It's official! CleanStart will be opening the Miami location @ 6901 Biscayne Blvd this November! Until then order quality products @ myNSP!
We have a huge collection of city directories! See our visiting hours at larc.tulane.edu
It's good. Been playing a lot of FIFA and MLB. I'm more of a sports gamer.
O'l boy is just so fine. It's just ridiculous!
Zumba-a-thon with 2 of my most favorite ladies 👯🙆💃
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and the unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed
Why do drs offices smell like old people?
Anyone going to be on SOUTH BEACH tomorrow? We're shooting a music video..
RT : Average order value goes up by over 50% when social recommendations are in play
Get me to 100-150 followers so I can get this account verified!
no, I'm pulling a Moby and heading to the south side
Come back to Houston!!!
Cowboys fan...Jacoby Jones or Jabar Gaffney. Which one u want?
GUESS WHAT!? You're a cool dude. The end.
MAMA BEAR!!! I didn't see you there! How are ya, sir?
Q. Did you hear about the blind circumcisionist? A. He got the sack.
Thankfully! What publications do you write for?
Felt like i was about to sneeze all day yesterday. Finally occurred this morning. So good I had to report it. More quality news later.
Can't believe it. I still love him?
you followed like all my friends and they don't even follow you, please make my day better and follow?(: your prob won't
follow me on instagram !
Happy record store day to our friends over at and !
sounds like my kind of night.
Totally jamming out to Boyfriend in the drive thru. Love the looks I'm getting!
really enjoying for #fresh13 planning. tks
Just got a great idea for a new reality tv show.
Someone asked me recently if you can get "Ski" soda in Portland. Have you heard of it??
Text me please lost my contacts:/
TEam follow back
"Do you want your salad chopped? Or just tossed?" - The salad lady at Au Bon Pain to a customer, in public!
I wear Gucci! I wear Nikes! At the same damn time!!
#Moms from #AustinTX you need a break! Join the #1MillionMovement and be the best #mom through your #selfcare journey...
Anyone forget that we are still a band, cause we did for a little while. But we are coming back.
I think at this point, will owe us a cut of their first week's record sales.
Snowboarding and golf in same week. Why i love living in Arizona.
Who cares if we get the fumble. WHAT A HIT! That's an awesome tackle regardless
Thanks for the follow. JT!
Peculiar timing in the Seth Greenberg firing at Virginia Tech. Why wait until more than a month has passed since end of season?
Lies, I call it
xD made my night
lol I already know
Macdonalds for breakfast
I fucking hate having two other fucking people sleeping in the basement with me. They never shut the fuck up.
Reds announcers getting testy. Complaining about the strike zone.
Adventure Theatre is seeking capable after-school elementary theatre educators to teach creative drama class sections for children in grade…
omg I'm so excited. I was shopping for my dorm last night ^_^ I can't wait .!
George Jean Nathan~ Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Now that's a Team Win right there. Gomez, Choo & Pure Rage!
No worries guys I didn't fall and get big scabs or ride home with lesbos this derby
I like how pissed you got about this woman walking into you, sounds obnoxious
TEEN NIGHT AT THE MANSION LAST NIGHT WAS CRAZY AND FREAKIN PACKED... ALL LEVELS WERE FULL!! SEE YA NEXT WEEK
At school , BORED AFFFFFFF!!!!!
The site's back up, but our scheduled tweet has disappeared and I tried to post one now and it hasn't posted. Will they show up?
Barleycorn. Lincoln PArk. If ur Not Here... Sucks to Suck
I shall be trying them soon then!
Celebrating Spring Break, Here is a Free Download of Rawrr's new EP @ rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum, Code: wjg9-w6yj. First one to redeem gets it
"I'd like to say I'm glad you are back together and if I can find a way to do that and sound sincere I will."- Sheldon
Maple Leafs fire Coach Ron Wilson - Wall Street Journal
Doing Wedding makeup in Vail today! Congrats Whitney and Chris!
happy groundhhog day
Whats the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?
congrats, boo!!!
Loving the whole and butt-buddying going on right now. 2 #skinnybitches . What do they snack on ??
Who has seen
Bike is boxed awaiting WB Empire Builder.
Video Chatting with Denise Donovan tomorrow. Tweet us questions with the hashtag #cpcquestion :D
Movie recommendation is Adam Sandler in "The Waterboy"
"No days off" my new motto!
Tonight! Come see our new short film "Cut '83!" at Denver Film Center (2510 E Colfax) 7:30pm, $10
that's cool. Sounds like fun
Ever heard of the "Birmingham booty call?"
Now that my emotions are involved, everything has become increasingly more difficult. :-/
Thanks for the RT!
Le'go Bulls
Time to pick up my tux from
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
I like how Jim Johnson walked off the mound like he just owned some Pony Leaguers
I'm so tired. I need a nap. :-P
Radio. RT : Pres Obama also transmitted his thanks and appreciation via radio to troops in the field.
Unequivocally: unambiguously.
Thanks for the follow! Love your concept.
If you haven't been recently, check it out. Chef Lentz and Will Douillet doing great things.
I'm sandpaper when the times get rough-
haha or jus come to my house and ill smoke you out :o
This weekend (Oct 2-3) all regular-priced costumes & toys are 20% off at Lofty Dog. Flowers, Ketchup/Mustard, Princess, Batman & more!
Good luck today at .. Hope to see tomorrow for our #TedxYouth event!
and congrats again on the wedding, it was a blast! Who is going to post videos of while your on the moon?
Twitter drawing this Sunday for the new Jazzbugs CD! Follow us to enter the drawing!
Website updated! Music streams on mobile devices now. Also if you've been voting for us in the BOTB, THANKS! We're now at #1 for #SanDiego!
Denver missed out on Flynn to Seattle. So I guess the Broncos can settle on Manning
Round of applause...clap, clap
You should of heard what my mom said about the video. My mom is such a cougar.
#StupidThingsCrackHeadsSell bike seats
thanks hon! how are you?? what's new???? you ain't so bad yourself!
sure have missed you woman!!! Can't wait to see you! Just got in town, Sure is pretty here!
I think the lovely young lady was performing, but I don't think TV guy was in on it. Where's your oddity reel?
aww, thank you Jimmy D!!!!
#Grammys were a WIN (minus niki minaj...not my favorite)
Happy Birthday ♥
um me i guess? Lol
You have at least two addresses memorized; Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
you just said its sad that meek left mmg. Fuckin gremlin
Had a great time interviewing brownsville bred star today. Catch her sunday night on CBS's new series NYC 22
#civilwar FOTD. Born on this day in 1827 in York County, PA, CSA Gen Johnson K. Duncan (commander of Fts Jackson & St. Philip).
I am SO tired of waiting for Prince Charming everyone keeps telling me to just Wait Wait Wait and im sick of it! Worst Valentines day ever!!
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.” — Reba McEntire
Come to Californos tonight for drinks, eats and great entertainment! Our full menu features steaks, pasta, vegetarian entrees, salmon, tuna!
haha; yes. By mid-Aug I'll be working 7 days a week and not allowed to leave the state. So I have to recharge before then :)
If I hear Zooey Deschanel ask her phone "is that rain?" one more time I will literally rain on her face. (pee-pee)
This is a pretty cool contest for anyone using the internet
Im constantly amazed how perilously close I am to panic at just about any given moment.As a side note parents: don't fucking beat your kids.
Pizza, wings, my puppy, and NASCAR! Perfect Sunday! Go Jeff Gordon!
WSJ: middle class flee California. Only the very wealthy and poor tend to stay. Proof Obama's policy hurt middle class? ,)
...and you went during the back to school madness. Your a brave man :D
Agreed. I really enjoyed it.
Biology... Not fun
thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
I wish I was what you wanted....
I'll watch for you on the Taylor trails then!
My children haven't seen abusive bio-mom in 4 years. One day their mom up and disappeared. Kids are no longer afraid.
yes! And don't get me wrong, I am a quantoid who looks for ways every day to be more efficient in my work! That article was poor!
All WES traffic is affected by the overpass accident on Grahams Ferry Road... expect 20 minuted delays and shuttle service instead of trains
ok can do. sorry for delay.
never thought we would get a Greg Thomas reference on The Ride! Nice guy and great mortgage broker last I heard:-)
If you change your thinking, you can change your life.
Get back into my life. I miss your face. And your ears. Strange? It should be. Made you think huh?
Some days my phone battery is like, “I'm here for you bro.” Other days it's like “Hey man, Fuck you lmao
I am freezing!
Are you guys excited to see Desert Neighbor this Thursday?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
oh okay cool! You still doing football?
Going to sleep a happy guy. Amen.
Time flies!!! Hope you're enjoying the ceremony online or in person!
I am badly in need of a massage.
the the bitch really
we gather we are timely with this display? :)
#Infiniti Hybrid calls itself a performance hybrid. Translation: Price of a hybrid, gas mileage of a regular car (32mpg hwy).
Of course!
Also, goodnight!!
Magical. Magical day.
Follow today and get a coupon redeemable for 3 used cigarette butts! Offer not valid in Canada.
ok, I know where that is
First win ever tonight for summit softball!! All of our hard work has finally paid off! It feels so good to win! I love my softball girls:)
You do know it's not your night to dj?
I need a reward for studying math. So after 5 problems I'm going to reward myself by finding a new cover photo.
Astoria for now. UES soon. Where're you at?
Uncertainty of the future can be fun...right now it isn't. Damn you Sartre for making me think things!
awesome! congrats! :)
Dates for the Fall series of the Home & Garden Market are on the website @ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com. Enjoy this beautiful spring day!
New #Schwinn Searcher, check. New suit tanline,
same with you!!!! Great job
Details for the #cleveland #criticalmass December 2010 ride posted on Facebook and clevelandcriticalmass.com. Join us!
I still have my Kings "Beat LA" shirt from playoffs 6 years ago. Good times!
hope you get a run in
all the time, way easier that way...
I really need to get started on this hw so I can knock out again
RT : Don't forget to ask hard questions in your #interview, here is one to consider: "How well do I fit what you’re looking for?"
GET DOWN ON FRIDAY <3
haha yup basically!! Bout 20 minutes or more away :]
Squeezing lemons for lemonade stand.See you at Rosewood! Bring cash for donations for the OMG!
It rained in Phx today. My car is now sparkly clean
Those white blocks are jarring, but how else will people write on the reply card?
hm well Tyler Texas works for me. As long as I have her. Haha
I missed my flight today but has me leaving first thing tomorrow with no fees. There is a reason I don't fly other airlines.
When you are meeting someone at a bar and you show up 20 mins before they do, it can be kinda awkward...or extra. Fun!
Off to bed. Night.
Happy Valentine's Day? Which celebrity do you wish were your Valentine? (Please don't say Chris Brown.)
Katrina Parker is so damn good! OMG!
apparently there's a #foolforlove movie adaptation that was filmed around here!
ahaha, same here :D
yeah, sadly your paid hootsuite has zero bearing on twitter's monetization, but it doesn't hurt to hope =)
git is great software. amazing communities on github sell it though. community FTW!!!
haha :D I love them too :)
Anytime...any place.
hola ! let me know when you have time to make your website amazing. me help you!
I'm part magician: My coworker said to me recently I don't really know what you do but stuff magically happens so I'm ok w/that.
got the lacoste on and everything bigtime
your in NYC?!?! ugh i wish i knew so i could get tickets!! im in rochester!! =(
Salon FX for a little pampering!
what is it with Philly broadcast anchors and craziness?
On my way to a citizenship fair at Should be a great day!
For once in my life, I'm drunk and I don't want pizza. Weird.
Unlike other cleanses, the Beachbody Ultimate Reset™ is a gentle, no-starvation, non-laxative based, total-body reset program.
Hi Spikey Mikey just wnted 2 let yu no that no matter wat i will always be an ICONiac!! Yeah Buddy
can't wait to share with you and on clients!
Felt like I were dying and my sleep can't stop shaking feels like my heart going Stop
You're welcome! So glad you had an awesome time in CR!
The LORD makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul. - Psalm 23:1-2
come to Hawaii 🌞
I know & don't get me wrong, I support that. Just sharing thoughts with u! ;-)
Day 1 sick day!
ohh wait I think it was victor lol
I'm looking forward to it for sure!
The slides are widget isn't working for at least one reader. I'm on the ethnographic end of code studies.
haha I they suck!!!!
Sitting at lunch with these niggas ahaha.
you did a great job in RED
I hear the theme song in my head RT : Every time I forget how to spell "laboratory", I think of Dexter's Lab.
Not ashamed to say it, I really like the new Troy. Every time I watch it, I get inspired.
The thing I hate most about summer. Fucking SPIDERS.
thanks. gota improve.
We bragged about one of our friends... Your turn!
I'm mad late but Kimbra is killin' me!! Reminds me a little of Got that kinda vibe to her...OH I smell a collab!!
Groupon Deal of the Day: For a limited time, save over 60% off its all-time high: Groupon stock. Still has a $7B market cap. wow. $GRPN
RT : RT this and I'll tell u which member of the crew u look good with :D
go nook! I love mine
consider it done.
Thanks for the tip!:) I'll try it!
I commend you for filing a suit. Maybe this will teach those BIRDS to learn some self control! Their just 'simple haters'
Yes pls! MT : time for bars *inside* museums?
Who in the Twin Cities will be at the and concert tonight? Mashup will be there with free prizes!
Listening to Andrew McAfee's AIIM presentation on Driving Collaboration and Engagement with Social Business
(statutory designation of utility as “public utility” insufficient to make utility a state actor)
Looking forward to announcing a client's new brand and name in the next month!
Thank you. And right back atcha.
Welcome Mendi Njonjo from African Technology and Transparency Initiative in Nairobi- transparency and accountability initiatives
The reason there's a stereotype is because you feed it. It's embarrassing.
YOU are the inspiration! Thanks for the shout-out
I wish everynight could be like this its so #chill outside
I love how CNBC is playing by default in first class and ESPN is playing in coach
#6969ICONic Every ICONic Boy !!
I love working out with resistance tubing, especially curls and overhead presses. The variable resistance feels great!
agree!! Just saw tonight. All awesome but many of the camera angles.
ok ok wth is going on?!?!? Crazy week w/ presentations & decks & more slide decks... no idea what's happening link plz
I love these, by the way.
Yuma u are beautiful
Good times Friday buddy
FUN WEEKEND!!
i have an iphone...but i broke it!:((
One With Courage is an opportunity to combat the secrecy of child sexual abuse.
"Because in the end, everyone turns into the one person they promised they'd never be."
Happy (e)reading!
haha in all fairness...
o excited
Re: your meringue comment. My dd13 has decided she LOVES making them. Keeps trying new ones. Fun 2 b @ my house these days.
can tell that Rose's shots were off being his first game back. We're still in 1st & still have a spot in the playoffs it's good Bulls fans.
scary ass shit
Great time sharing the Belay story this evening during a Heritage Foundation anti-poverty strategy session in Colorado Springs.
I wish I could have some free food delivered to me in the WU right now. Or someone with a swipe.
What is on Vienna's lip!? I can't take her serious or focus on her when she talks!
Just sayin bra...... Hit me up if anything
Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you
Feel bad for Logano
Rural girls struggling to get sanitary wear - NewsDay
Hey Hey Hey! Fall Retreat money is due Thursday at the latest! Only $70! Scholarships available!
Thanks! Yes, almost done and starting to figure out who to submit to!!
stop biting your lip. you know that does to me.
Neil Walker with a clutch hit!!!!!!
Thank you I am so glad you like that song. It is very beautiful and dear to my heart as well. XO
I have had more trick or treaters in the last 30 mins than in the previous 6 years.
you look so pretty w/out makeup
stop throwing pens at me.I can see you.
Besides flexible funding and paypal, what's the other advantages of #indiegogo over #kickstarter? I don't fully understand yet.
Teacher I talk to everyone moving my seat will not help
WOW!!!!! U just blew tonight out of the water! would be proud!
Oh, quite sure Jake can deliver! Ausgeizeichnet!
What happened to Skiles' defensive-minded teams?
me neither! I think the deal breaker was I chose the black chess piece instead of the white.
FREE drink w/ purchase of a Sandwich or salad at Bagel Bagel (W. Pensacola St. Location Only). Only w/ a
Your not my dad. Quit saying your my dad
Yeah. It's called SEATTLE.
yea pretty much ha. and golf don't mix well with a cold beer
VSHC looks thin, watching for a breakout!!
is doing an exhibit on video games as an art medium next month. Boo ya.
just spent $4 for medicine and then $40 on alcohol
someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Gmail promises, "Coming soon: Better ads in " Wouldn't the best ads be no ads?
I'm getting bored with the things I do to keep from getting bored.
You're not fat you just have HUGE TITS! God I hope your man titty fucks you and treats your right!
BowChika-WOW-WOW!!!
People are always watching you...
Pick up your Rudy Ramirez State Assembly YARD SIGN this week from 8-5 pm! Our address is: 821 Kuhn Dr. Suite 102, Chula Vista, CA 91914
I like the idea of but it's not for me. Could see my friends loving it.
RT : Just wrapped up a great interview w/ Coming soon to ! Go get his album Camp, it's awesome!
lol that earns a bed eviction to the floor lol
RT : Thanks for everything you do!! Your staff did a great job:)
Stuck in downtown Madison construction traffic.
just happened to type ur name into search engine on WSHH and ur video w/ Mac Fame & Delo "FYI" came up.
Been up since 4 & I have one long day ahead of me
Bout to make some great music today !.. as i do everyday
Thanks for the retweet. Straight up old school.
Sometimes you don't see someone's true colors until you're deep in.
ill see u at the top one day...
isn't pain in the left arm a sign of a heart attack?
First tweet from my new kindle fire
Miari's new CD is now available on her websites. Check it out!!! www.miari.com www.knockoutincorporated.com
Wonder what I should do for my bday
The rest of the day will be boring.
Hey. I got a new phone and I'm using twitter again (: love you ass chin twin! Muahh <3
Ugh! That should gave gone in!!!
What a freaking day! Car broke down and had two tests first thing in the morning. And of course it happens on my bday.
#CoachellaLive Dre and Snoop coming up next
Grow a box n I gotchu! haha
Cheering for another living thing's bowel movements.
sounds good! let's just say yes. ditto for peppermint patties.
yeah, okay ms Malcolm in the middle. I still can't believe you said that o:
Great business meeting tonight, and interviews tomorrow.
The USA is a government structured around a constitution. Republican anti-government rhetoric is therefore anti-American!
Am completely IN LOVE with Fifty Shades of Grey!
sounds good to me, what do yu need me to do?
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 4
-Camillie hit FB nd ML like right now funny how dey work..
RT : April 26, 1865 – Union cavalry troopers corner and kill John Wilkes Booth, assassin of President Lincoln, in VA.
0040213364​65-8000012 - they emailed me back and sd theyd resend, its just cutting it close. wanted them in the mail by today
Happy 2012 Here's to more human animals loving and protecting the natural world!
Erica agreed to a three way ;)
"is angelina there?" "no she died" LMFAO
What chu gonna do with yo yellow self !?!
Hey ! Sort of random, but I have your official name card from Draft. Let me know if you want it. Be safe & go get that W!
2. #Zombies cannot be killed unless their brain is destroyed
Awesome!! RT : Working as a volunteer in the olympics!!!
Seriously, wtf is up with Florida? The "Stand your ground law" can't even stand on its own two feet...
Thanks for the message. I will forward your account to too. Cheers!
Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're dresses today. Love, Mikey
My boyfriend's mom called me a "cutie" on Facebook. Which anniversary is that again?
Regardless of your race, religion, or political affiliation, never hesitate to question those in authority. -Tavis Smiley.
Came to the bar alone....I really need to have a few drinks.
Welcome! Is the reception from 5-8PM or 6-9PM? Have seen both times posted. Thanks and we'll see you tonight!
the #Dutch_Oven45 and Freese in World Series...
Wow I haven't been on twitter in ages
Facebook to pay Microsoft $550M for hundreds of former AOL patents - GeekWire
awsome game on sun you the man congrats GO PACK GO!!
you are gonna like My Way. Great film!
Every job I've had uses Jira for bug tracking/requirements. I like it, but most people hate it.
what is this? The Delk frat house? When is Chris, Pam and the dog moving in?
Follow < gd people!
Awe thanks Taan! Miss you!
will the wanted be visiting the b96 studios this friday? :)
dude, you're weird as fuck.
Yes it was! RT : We had an amazing time with youth last night!
Loving how a walk thru the mall is an adventure in a magical land to a 3yr old :)
yes! Very much so :P
My at home book arrived. My hectic day just turned around for the better!
haha I'd actually be pretty happy with that. I missed like the worst two days I possibly could, and never got the notes...
Aww just seen the cutest little old lady walking down the street carrying bags #poorthing I offered to help > *her- no thanks honey *Me>aw
Being in these mountains.... that's what I don't like!
yeah not helpful indeed
Today has not been my day. People are such ass holes to me. Im too nice. #why?
Can't wait to see it! #Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Thank u! RT Sweet Sunday LO♥E n J☺Y Tweetiepies
iwoke up so now I can go back to hating myself
I've got education money in MTSU so finish off the Vols.
Update on CRASH @ I-5 NB ramp to I-405 NB by the Marquam Bridge: Only the right lane is now getting by trying to get onto I-405 from I-5
OK. I think I know who has #thevoice. Ashley has it all.
About to enjoy the Medieval Fair in Norman with the family. Sometimes still glad Matt can't talk just yet. Don't want to explain some things
Who's ready for the summer? WE ARE.
Whelp... this sucks
Revising my upcoming book on public speaking. Getting there, but it's a lot of work.
thank you ~^^
Hey What's the point of Summer Jam pre-sale when you're holding all the reserved seating?
yeah, like tryin to tell your friends you have an addiction to mango float
What's Up ABQ?
thanks for posting the info about the forum sat. tell your friends! let's makes sure the process is open and accountable
damn must be nice!
Didn't win prom king (:
Listening to #Godsmack. Love this band
#hastac2011 whoa! 250,000 pages scanned sans institutional funding. users pay for private materials to be scanned instead. "boot strapping"
and , we gon' do this.
Just got preeched too by some guy at a gas station lol
I thank u for that! I needed that. Keep the scriptures coming.
That reminds me when we went to San Marcos church & you were staring down that child hahaha
Contact Center for Healing in Harmony for your "mental and emotional check up!" today!
#marc11 "students don't need labs anymore. They want then"
is a few followers from 1000! Let's RT and get 'em there! :)
not a bruno mars fan. good job tho!
I just have a command of thoroughly useless information
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Gets Release Date - AceShowbiz
digging the band "Second Slice" at the Tin Cup in Ocala, FL!
RT Lakers will get the W tonight
Just a smattering of the Sterling jewelry available now at G Spot Thrift Shop.
Your mom is so sweet! AND-- I love her doggies :-)
thanks 4 all u do 4 kids at American Family Children's Hosp. How r u?
Shh, you're going to make jealous!
See you all at Gatorville (by the pool) from 6 to 7 p.m. Bring your badge for discounts.
Sitting in the movies. UP RT : Whos up with me !
Just saying hello to the twitter world. So much going on today. Overall it's a good day for me
Don't forget tonight visits 304 South St. after show w/ FYI #davidcookhasbeeninvitedtodobbs BE 8pm
Physical symptoms that often occur with #socialphobia include: blushing, difficulty talking, nausea, profuse sweating, and trembling.
Patience is a virtue... Keep your Head up and P.U.S.H.
...and the 'house-of-cards' continues to be exposed throughout all publicly funded sectors. Next bubble = Debt Crash.
I can accept Snickers beating out Peanut M&Ms but no way IMHO Reese's Cups beat Snickers!
Cool. Can really tell Saturn. Shooting through a telescope?
Ouch! That hurts...But you're dead on...smh
I just seen lil momma n some
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1685 composer Johann Sebastian Bach was born.
Any one who follows us will receive a free class at Studio just tweet back Super Impact 1
We all get an opportunity to be who we are to get to the next level...
time to mimis
Arrrrgh! Pirates got yer booty aye? Just in time for my domain transfer too...
Heartbreak and frustration are the dominant emotions, as the season will come down to A.J. Burnett. Seriously, just kill me now.
more to come
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there! Thank you for your guidance and direction!
Surprised where in the fuck did he get a gun? Mad Jack ran for cover. A Line Guard saw Mad Jack running and got on his radio and said
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis. Sincerely, confused.
I hope this work day goes by quickly.
you know me to well!
ya, thanks for saying bye.
bin Laden planned to assassinate Obama. To steal a quote from Lethal Weapon 4: "Too bad he missed!"
Alot of people think with their insecurities instead of with their common sense
how can i help?
no, just no
haha you'll get another chance. And my prediction is Shea McClellin. Although a safety wouldn't be bad now but I don't know any
#score thanks so much! We appreciate that a ton.
Is it Mothers day? o:
“: "ayo I'll give you what you want and make it hot--Nicole Ray. I kill sh.. --Nicole, OJ" - ” < ha yes!
Turbot! For overfishing?
A lot of my friends don't know this but I've gotten so low that the only thing which made me feel better was cutting
": The Indians did tonight. RT : Fuck Josh Beckett."< Hard and fast.....
Mt Hood Meadows says: Wow. 23" in the last 24 hours. It looks awesome up here, and it's still snowing.
Found a couple of Hong Kong pop records today at and I heart
RT and I'll blow you mentions up :)
USDJPY pushed passed 50fib & 80, added more long. Still think R/R is to the long side.
your so welcome ;) but there not from me, there from your multiple boyfriends
Chinese donuts and coffee. Breakfast of champions.
Games are still on tonight ..I will update everyone if that changes
Junk-yard dog like Zach "Z-Bo" Randolph!
Hey Cool blog are you a news junkie? What's with yer mom and the Peas?
Toronto area people: One of our sisters is looking for work. Pharma processing. 7 Years packaging experience. DM me w/ any leads ok? Thanks
Baby you're the best so I can't do better. <21
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it - Lauryn Hill
Seriously? More dropped passes??
Just remixed/mastered 4songs on our upcoming CD today & im feelin very accomplished.Were so dedicated to our music & our fans.new song 2moro
LAY IT DOWN
Miami Marlins, new park, new name, same #losers same loser owner...
im sort of bi/curious when it comest to belt drives.
shiid im crankin to to French Montana rite now
Haha. Tell me about it.
haha that picture defines my dude to a "T"
Can't think of anyone who is on TV today who has the class and business savvy of Dick Clark.A true visionary.
I'm Wifey Material ;) I'll take care of mine .
C.O.B. salads though >>>
nice work!
#westindiescricket comes back from behind to...dammit, just tie. Damn it, Sammy! Run next time! Still, good work.
The fat red head won't shut up, currently annoyed.
Users more likely to give up on search on mobile device. More tenacious searching on desktop
or she'a not avg lol
Maybe a blog post from you on some IP/TM thoughts? ;-)
Reminder to #myndheads, writing reviews bumps up your M Score faster than just 'Likes'.
Remember , win or lose tonight, WE STILL WANT TO CLEAN YOUR LUCKY SOCKS! :)
Jessica Sanchez slaughtered Bohemian Rhapsody, yuck.
U r so welcome! Any plans 2 build n Murfreesboro? Ur business would explode on 231south. They r buildn a parkway. Few places 2 eat
Happy, happy birthday to the Facebook and message board master !
yeahh tons of bands have influenced such as Thrice, Circa Survive, The Receiving End of Sirens, Sigur Ros, O'Brother!
Welcome to my life broski.
I say Sheen any day of the week.
I am Blarg, THE DESTROYER
Had my first lone wolf experience... Uhh....
cant wait for u to meet her, u 2 are so much alike.
Wanna make a quick $500? Refer me an awesome local PHP/Front-end developer. I have more jobs than I can shake a lightsaber at.
I'm thinking that #dpuwbb will be a 6th seed (although RPI says 5). Could still see the Kentucky matchup if they fall to a
If u need a break from it all turn on the Twilight Zone marathon on Sci-Fi.
Thanks for the tutorial and positive feedback -- I'll get the hang of it! :)
o sorry gotta go I have econ to do...
“: Protip: Chrome's Incognito Mode is quite useful for development...” Also, porn watchin'.
NIALL I HAVE A VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
My all-time favorite Heart song is playing: "If Looks could Kill." Got a fave Heart song, ?
im gonna hit him up, moving back in July, figuring out living situation and all that in the next couple weeks
Just randomly thought about how close the concert is and freaked out and almost peed myself.
I wonder how many people is going to get caught with weed friday
Yeah, great job with the posts!
good morning
For all you Timbers fans outside the Fox 12 viewing area, the MLS Matchday Live blackout restriction is lifted so you can watch online.
Oh, no! Hanna is amazing! Blue's Clues might be too spicy for moi, but her novel Liquid Lies is out this sum. :-)
to help those poor animals...I HAVE NEVER SEEN EYES LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE....! SO FILLED WITH SADDNESS....
late in the midnight hour...
Oy vey. This just might be the found footage film that breaks me.
I'm sure my church (LCMS) is working on a statement right now. [Proud owner of a BA - Theology & M.Div.]
Had such a wonderful vacation and after 10 long years I now have the ring from Mathew!!! I get to start to plan a party :)
love you<3
Hey everyone hope your having a wonderful nite........ Kisses
Lebron James is one of the most arrogant fake actor nba player out there and since the Nba wants him to win they are allowing phony calls
Did you know even steam from cooking shellfish can cause an allergic reaction?
Wells Fargo Bank LV is onboard with ! They join & to bring hope & joy to kids in need!
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 4
Burritos w mole and horchata!
Just wasn't tired enough after running a half-marathon, so I played a baseball game afterwards.
God luck to , wish I could be there! :/
RT : I really don't wanna wear this tux to school today ?? Amen to that...
I love the new google today! R.I.P Les Paul. Amazing man who made amazing guitars :).
Season over. Not bad Caps. Semin sucks
ello mate-dave
Had a great time with the Paynes and my sister in law!
got to win to get the MVP. take Braun off the Brewers and they don't win the division.
Come on CJ!!!!! How about some minutes for Mike James!! WTF
kinda slow.. But WAY better than waiting! But where the fuck is ?!?!?!
Lesson #1 for cars. Make sure you have a good battery in your car cuz it sucks being stranded at work -____-
Such a good day
yup here now
Remember there is no film this weekend (or the two after that). We return on Jan 6 w/ Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' and Oregon Pop Machine.
Body is down to rest, mind is up and running...
Thanks Allen, I'm in a"sometimes I think I get off on the pain"kinda mood inspiring lol
cool bike again i have idea for a bike
