Thanks for helping to spread the word about WeSeed. We're here if you have any questions or feedback. :-)
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Rumor has it they have to enter 1st! : not even 1 #italianwine trophy winner? Did we read that correctly?
I would agree that his work is overrated.
I'm gonna close my eyes and dream! Then open them to figure out how much time do I have to get there.
Hi Michelle, thanks for the follow, see you here on the Island, me too, networker, me too how long have you been networking?
Wow. We're going to need a LOT of ADR.
Four "likes" shy of 14,000!
Love love love tony karaoke favorite behind clumsy thumbsy!
From shaundeeb: Players will be paid w/i 90 days, FTP will be open in the US market, Isai will be stepping down from the co.
Worked on a feature being shot in Charlotte this week and rehearsal for another one end of next month... plus lots of
Oh, c'mon, Travolta was just trying to get the masseur to his next Thetan level!
#GoNuggets RT : Nuggets vs. Lakers is speed vs. power
Go Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going. I'd be nice to see them do well, and give us some good news for a change.
New Years resolution.... Stop feeling sorry for myself and making myself miserable. 2012 is going to be an amazing year!!
THREE email newsletters this morning on how to effectively use Facebook for marketing. Give it up, people. Ain't gonna happen here.
": I don't see any support on my time line SK street king put in your tweets or I'm not reading or retweeting."you don’t need the #$$
"what is (a) definition content marketing?" "creating media so you can be your own advertiser"
And this is why I need my own car ... I hate having to wait for my dad to get home from work everyday -.-
#babygirlnacole his names nate he's 22 n I'm 30 lol,I've never been so happy
We have a band concert tonight and I'm not going
and Twitter missed you! ;)
Watched the Polar Express, 3-year-old in bed after 'best Christmas ever.' and Packers crushing bears. Yeah. OK day
Blackbird International Corporation Announces Its Contracts With Major International Companies
went REALLY well. We'll catch up soon.
it wnt let me it's not highlighted
SO MANY NEW VIDEOS!!!
so here we go... apparently.. being skinny makes you invincible.. lol...
After wasting my time with Syracuse, UNC, and Cal last week I am ready to watch a real team at the Garden...GO HUSKIES CHYEAH
Man I hate
Safety car making epic drive look less impressive.
we are heading back home to Nashville
There's always something 2 b thankful 4, all because of the man above, so on this day still smile :)
Back From The Mall(: Fun Timez With My Gurlies ;) #sittinginmylittletinyapartment :P
Those Kobe's look cool btw.
Eatin at On The Border with my mom
She coos through French verses in one and English verses in another, along with a sweetly sung chorus. Excited.
Anyone have the software for EASY WORSHIP I cld download?? I had it on my computer before my big crash but don't have the original disc now!
Jesus with a save, No Tebow in NY?
ITPC: Talking about Educational Technology funding
I no but cant believe your having a go @ me for a little spelling mistake in a tweet to ! There is worse going on
i just called it the rant for now. but swagswagswag was a close second!
I too had pineapple for breakfast. As well as oranges and celery
MARTIN HANZAL you fag...you're not supposed to board someone like that! I hope you're suspended!
It worked, and I'm glad I did. May have to do that again.
Nicole Richie&#39;s Fashion Headpiece Love in House of Harlow | New ...
It's a scifi movie w/Bruce Willis & Milla Jovovich. They had cubbies built in the walls w/beds. Some "hotels" in Japan have them.
I'm glad that Michelle thought that joke was ridiculously lame too.
Dont get me wrong, I freakin love the boyfriend video but it pisses me off with all those hot chicks -_- #jealousbelieber :(
Our sons shall not be taken from us to unlearn/All that we have been able to teach them of charity, mercy and patience +
♥ Three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it. ♥
“: I'm mourning the loss of my Grandfather .... Can't believe he's gone ...”<<keep your head up fam, my condolences
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army
- Best show on television!
Rio for Carnaval!!!!
i know, let's do a live spot right at noon on wednesday in the campus area, during the scheduled tornado siren test.
Saw my #childhood at breakfast this morning. --Olympic Gold Medalist & Host of #FigureItOut!
thanks! will check it out.
Mad dat me n the hubby cnt celebrate our 8 mnth anniversary bcuz im too sick :( the gud thing is he jst wants me to get better. hes da best.
I have been using the Background Layouts from www.tweetxilla.com. Very easy 2 apply the apps. I recommend using the apps.
leave in conditioner! RT : what's one hair product you can't live without?
Poll: Do you agree or disagree that sessions are NOT touching upon the needs of libs? And we're not talking about the afterparties.
understand or appreciate that, then someone should slap you(: haha jk. but seriously, just understand that everything is changing for (c)
Lots of discussion around need for local champions, community engagement to get coastal communities safer
Enjoy your party Australia, you deserve it has done you proud
can you do another tinychat again please
lol oh yeah! Just as filling AND you get a ice cream cone!!
Have many athletes played at both UofL & UK during their careers? I remember the Late Marvin Stone did. Interesting perspectives
East Oakland
love the ePun!
I believe it! RT : On 60 min they said that sugar has the same effects as cocaine on the brain
I miss you Sophie! We might need a trip up to London next week - guess who is in the country!!! (; <3
Yes, was nice to finally meet you in person! wait till next year when he does the east races, then its far!! Lol
24-Hour Countdown. See you all tomorrow.
Back from the foot doctor. A drummel tool really? Real high tech.
Thanks, Shira. Tom is my friend. I'm sure he will do something nice with that space.
What's the best way to read GoogleBooks on iBooks? Either by downloading the PDF or other ways?
going to go pick up my computer :D
Ahem. Shopping cart racing is occurring tomorrow. But you didn't hear it from me.
My colleague and I have had problems with the site for a week now. Just wanted to make someone aware.
Dirtdobber Blues has been singled to be sold in premiere HOB retail locations!
extra large head ass nigga....
Heard at work: " we are not out to solve world hunger". Me: "sure but can we at least prepare a menu?".....
If you have to feast on human flesh in the post rapture apocalypse don't forget to use dipping sauces.
See you tomorrow at 6pm for #MMA #Conditioning .
Sharon Needles Fo sho!!!! Drag is all about fierce uniqueness!
Craving chicken and waffles with maple syrup. Yummy
Emancipation Day...do some research...know your history
I fort my iPad! We'll be out side in a sec.
Ridin around blowin on stink bombs
in sunny tampa at business meeting with some of my pharmacy peeps
thinkn of u this evening! I know you will rock it ;) best wishes Champ!!!!
Sounds good to me!
a little more GTL and he'll be good to go
Its a secret.
What is you opposition do you have to Glenn Beck or the Tea Party peacefully and legally gathering at a public space.
I once got mistaken for a man twice the same day, and I was wearing jeans & a tank swimsuit. I have witnesses to this.
School's Cool!
Not really a v-neck fan however I will reconsider with some help of Assault and Shred-Matrix!
nice. you're mostly local. i'm all over the place. just picked random teams as a kid and stuck with them lol. u watchin clips??
Make sure you all wish a VERY Happy Birthday!
At least my face doesn't look like a fucking pizza, yo. Do better.
Great excuse to visit Mickey D's and also get some 69 cent cheeseburgers today!
#diabetes is preventable. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
Anyone have experience with InD-->XML (or vice versa) workflows, especially when dealing with illustrated books?
good staff makes it 100x easier to work in the industry . I hope that owners and managers hold on to their good staff!!
It would. Email us with some idea of what it should contain and we'll go from there.
Monday am, who is on the grind trying to get their clothes to the peeps that matter most!!
that's what you think. You should see my shrine to u. It's fabulous. All we need are more toys!
Such an amazing day!!:)) Especially that I got to spend it with :)
A chocolate lab
at the most basic and simple level yes.
haha. I've watched it like a million times and crack up laughing every time.
Was also able to meet some of my favorite host from my favorite podcast.Carla from Corellan Run, Justin from Darth hater and Zach-Mos Eisley
A common complaint in ARG from my 6-yr old, except everyone in Bs. As. seemed to own multiple dogs.
agreed was not as impressed w/ them as I usually am blessings :)
Word of the day: kwashiorkor (n)- malnut. disease caused by xtrm protein & vit. deficiency (retarded growth/pigment changes/potbelly/anemia)
Also, that handball/PK call that just took place in the Portland v Montreal game is another awful display of MLS refereeing
All of my moms perfume smells the best. But why doesnt my Juicy Couture, Coach, And True Religion smell better?
Sitting in my room while my roommate moves out.
One month!
I met Adam in DC at a free Tibet protest when I was in high school. Incredible person really sad to hear about his passing.
touché! RT One man, one wife, says Romney—whose great-grandfather had five wives, and great-great-grandfather had 12.
Hey , is STILL waiting on his tickets from and getting no response! Time is running out! Please help him!
Yum ham, egg & cheese bagel with some chocolate milk to start this rainy day
Has anyone tried the new Bud Light Platinum? Not exactly sure what to think about it...
We are overdue for happy hour!
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar books? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
i will b arriving at thurs to attend the teacher in flight #microgravity university any suggestions?
M: Oh you got stabbed yesterday? But your still coming in tomorrow right?? SA: um no -__-
cool! happy 4:20 Friday to you!
Nothing wrong w. pointing out looks can add to EV, but contextualizing pix would b better
I'm ready. I'm always ready.
When everyone randomly stops texting back. <<<
Ok Ogden, Utah...We're fucking here at THE BASEMENT and you should be too!
you wouldn't be saying that if you had my porpoise melodies invading your ear holes. gigity.
ALL ENDURING SUCCESS IS FOUNDED UPON HARMONIOUS HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS. ~NHill
yes of course. what days are you free?
me too! I hope you win <3
is it awesome I'm following you?
shh just be my toilet seat sighra
you forgot your jacket on the bus girrrrlllll. I'll give it to you tomorrow yah heard ?
Bless us O Lord & these Thy gifts which we r about 2 receive from Thy bounty. Through Christ Our Lord. Amen
lol yeah, but when they ask who I'm with I'm just like "Jason" or one of the boyz names.
Dick Clark RIP.
#fritofan my favorite way to enjoy Tositos® Artisan Recipes® flavored tortilla chips is with guacamole and homemade salsa
If only I could get all my personalities on the same page
Feels weird doing interactive in javascript and animation in css3, but it sure looks great on an iPad
smh not you... Your school. We fsu
....Hey Prego!! What's in there?..lol
thanks bro!
night, Rhett!! :) (or morning, for you?)
“: I owe you a return phone call. But on a side note, your studio looks *gorgeous*.”|| THANK YOU. AND YES LETS LINK
Blizzard, Valve Settle DOTA Lawsuit Blizzard and Valve revealed this afternoon that they've resolved their legal spat over the DOTA trade
And now Middlebrooks' first major league homer is just a footnote to a fiasco. No justice
Macallan has a 60...but it'll cost you.
Creating FBML page for our facebook page.
At least you're not having inner dialogues. Ppl need doctors for that kinda stuff
& are the shit
Yesterday is dead and over.
schemes & dreams to get the dollars from....schemes & dreams to get the dollars from.....
Well...that wasn't so bad...
awe:/ I found out I'm gonna do mine next week:p wish we didn't have to do them at al:'( I'm so nervous.
Watching the packers at terp's.
That's the plan!
Thanks for the RT!
i noticed that once people R in a jury and impact of their decision is realized, they R more serious than tweeps are
Dang it Dallas!!
“: They say that true love hurts well this could almost kill me” best song ever
It's6:40 am I've been at work for an hour already. Where you at?
Thought 's big announcement On The Verge might have been he was leaving Think the real news might be worse.
Late Night text or call?
Here we go Così fan tutte #mozart boss
officially done with my 1st year of my doctoral program. dang, what a rollercoaster it was. i need a moment to catch my breath....
Great 5m run! Feels good to feel good!
Any news on when we'll be able to log in?
Happy Born Day to my beautiful baby girl who turned 11 today! She's excited; I, on the other hand, might have a nervous breakdown.
Well then. Oh your going to bed. Goodnight Noah.(: I love youu <3
I'm watching on tv. So crazy.
oh for real dude
just early contractions so hopefully they not comming yet....but thank u!
I cannot believe I have been in grad school 4 years and am JUST NOW READING this Mbembe article on Necropolitics.
Coaching a family today on Mental Management. It's always a pleasure when families attend training together. Great Day!
Tried kale chips for the 1st time. They are actually really good! :)
#AskDerulo What's your favorite animal?
Got it.
Gettin' 'er done at the studios
I love.you so much please follow me IM a big fan of you and kian
If y'all looking to record or mixing n mastering hit us up
both of my girls are in high school now. university city high and kearny digital media design
It's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe
Why do I still follow Jonathan cook
I hope so, if not, I'll send you a picture :)
love this show!! Glad for the new season!!!!
Wayzata's red trolley won't be rolling through town this summer. Why its going away after 20 years in a live report on KSTP at 5.
"Top Scholar" 2nd rd ingredients (V-themed): Vico, Vitanza, Virtual, and Ventriloquism. (Brought to you by the number 5).
Zimmerman looks like he's 17. Lmao
When your friend tells your crush you like them #bitchplease i can do it on my own...
Fleishman-Hillard lunch with Janet Robinson, New York Times President/CEO. Excited to hear her take on media!
shocking news about beer. Good luck.
#txtestfest Texas Co-Op Power Magazine USED to list the Testosterone Festival. This month, they DIDN'T. They're trying to keep the MAN down.
Glad you're so eager to get one! Thanks for the patience. I'll shoot you a tweet the second they're up!
So proud of my dear friend Lisa Panici - she beat the odds and overcame stage four brain cancer. Love you, Nini!
He that waits upon fortune is never sure of a dinner. ~Benjamin Franklin
Could you follow us back?Would mean a lot!:)
are you getting nervy?!
RT : Excited to have talk at our Client Summit today.
Masquerade Ball 2 | Noche de Pecados 2 going BIG tomorrow night at Qube. Also celebrating Daniel Merchan's Birthday BASH! Party Time!
Romney so out of touch with middle class it's obscene. His idea of going without shelter is getting caught on golf course when raining!
that looks like a fun night! I hope you behaved yourself ;)
"Every girl needs to be Wu-ed"
I love my big lil bro jay jay. He's fucking
For a moment, I thought you were actually going to pass out.. Seriously.. Tennis court with
i'LL BE BACK IN DA D soon. Tryna set up shop here fa now.
Thanx for the tip
a few months, yes. I am really loving it and don't think I'll ever leave :)
everytime they call it's like 1 - 2 in the morning..
hurray! but, the link isn't working!
awwh the one in madison?
I was watching the banter, & you were "spot on."
That is to be expected and completely normal
Thursday: Beef Shows, 4-H Horse Show, 4-H Goat Show, Premier Showmanship Contest, Cheese Auction, Cheerleader Expo & Milk Chugging Contest.
Yup :) i finally got one! :)
Standard paper cannot be folded in half more than 7 times. I guess I shall have to test this.
Had to close my office door to listen to ustream, it's hilarious!!!
& at metro lanes for the "She Will" video.
Awkward moment when an 8th grade teacher is at your gym...
Follow Me!!!
Move over American Idol, there's a new cool contest in town. It's the "Western Cooling Challenge", and the winner was...
: Today= •Palm Sunday • April Fools Day • Having A Birthday Party With My Family <3
TV DRAMA.
Nicely done sir. You are an excellent writer! Enjoyed your article and the points you made.
thanks for the support!
Neither one of us can afford to invoke the wrath of caffeine!
Listening to Total Praise...trying to get my mind right for what God is going to do today.
that&#39;s awesome. I feel this brewing history stuff is going to quickly spiral out of control for me haha.
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us on Saturday for 's One Thing That's Green! Queens is greener because of your help!
I hate not having socks on at the movies!
Remember half the people you know are below average.
They're taking all the damaged furniture out of Galerias; it looks pretty nasty in there.
surprising my mom at work with my nephew and niece<<
Seems people that don't look like me, form gangs. They wear Red and Blue clothes and shoot at each other. Usaully just hit kids
Come to Five Guys for a drunk eating sesh tn!
Er, I hate Google Checkout. I click "Accept" and nothing happens. Did my charge go through? Do I do it again? Fail
Joe Flaco is not the best QB in the NFL that spot is reserved for
Yes he complains everyday to the grounds crew on how the field sucks.
Watch out for the ones to get what they want from you, then it's a rap....
Someone please tell me that is going to be going to be at Spring Formal tonight. #Ke$ha
"Progress is not created by contented people. ”- Frank Tyger
2011.09.04 #Brewers 4 #Astros 0 | Now that's more like it / Astros sweep perfect prelude / to St. Louis trip.
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound No samples
All bst LL Tx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
By the end of the day #OnlyAtViewPark is going to be a trending topic!
We're busy finalizing goodies and props for a Bridal Session on the 24th. Looking forward to our first stylized shoot!
lol, that made me laugh out loud at work
yeah why are u eating my chips
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
WTF you aint stuck in the 80's BITCH you were born on '92
when I think of integrity in college basketball I think of IU. Mark Adams, Kelvin Sampson & Bobby Knight r all great IU reps
Hahah well I don't even know what to start with!!
So you're saying that it's ok for Fielder to blow off a female reporter to go talk to ESPN? And it's ok to drop F bomb on nat. TV?
I had a high school crush on Junior Seau. :(
Usherraymondiv happy Birthday Mr.Raymond
eh. I miss parts of it.
Everyone who's on #summerbreak treat everyday like its the last day of summer and do it wearing some Halfcut ;)
Watching NCIS with Viggle Wed | 7PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh okay love you
A 75mm-long bone of a Velociraptor helps scientists learn about the 75million year old dinosaur.
Eradication of #slavery is possible when we continue to demand it. enforcement can be attained with our persistence via
I got 11:11 on replay in the car & my moms even singing to it !!
I wonder how many people got high today...
following back :)
any clue why ESPN2 and Tennis Channel both are airing the same live match (Lisicki).
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
nun LOL y'all miss me online I'm not gone be on this weekend
I effing love the packers draft so far.
Happy Valentines Day to my baby. And happy valentines day to
Some of you guys need to stop complaining every 2 mins on twitter, and do something with your lives
You are our hero
Thanks for the RT, Miss L!
God rest the soul of one of the greatest dogs not just on YouTube, but ever.
Watching #Thevoice.. Man I love and how can you not enjoy Ceelo's group performance?!
"Don't stress cause we getin blessed they aint part of the congregation, they can talk to the devil to hell with they conversation"
Never discuss your weakness with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Hunger by Knut Hamson. Or Crime and Punishment. This is a toughie.
Karma flow 2day
Confessions of a shopaholic = really cute movie! I wish I could be so frivolous with my money....jealousy....grrrr...green scarf....
Blue states pay the most federal taxes. Guess which states take the most federal subsidies. (Hint: think Red).
no more like a secluded world
MAN A NIGGA BEEN SO LOW ALL I COULD DO IS COME UP❕
#ialwayswonderif somewhere along the YEARS of adventuring Link and Zelda hooked up
It's smooth sailing from now on
Here at Paint Valley HS where friends are giving up their shot at homecoming queen in memory of a classmate killed in Feb
I have plenty of high
b safe *hugs*
Great sentiment! RT "'Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey.' – Fitzhugh Mullan"
Come on in folks! We have Happy Hour until 7p.m. - over 50 items on our menu, plus, Bryan's bartending!
damn people are so fucking 2 faced it isn't even funny
the flight safety video needs some work. I do like Gershwin though.
My grandmas the cutest. I say luv u grandma and she says luv u too sweety. All my sweetys! :-))
Rosa pastel :)
Plato discusses habituation in his writings...
Had a gud day today got up extra early I'm ready to crash now
yea! I watch this video al the time..
Do you live in Sweden? haha ok thank u :)
its funny . one hug made my whole entire night the best night of my liiiifeee ! (:
This lady just gave me $5 tip, that's whats up👍
So is my mentions gonna be dead all night? If so, I'm going to sleep. Bye.
Break out the rye bread and mustard grandma it's grand salami time
You're hot! Thx for tweeting www.makingdolikemama.com. Sorry for the late holler-back. How's your novel? Mwah!
they are still doing CPR!!
have you seen honormosaic.tumblr.com? :)
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOWW...
Im Grown As Hell. Dis La Bitch Tellin Ha Mom And Shit.
Real niggas don't always survive in the end but we look good while we doing it
why do you always post these so late!
Yess ! Its october 1st , the cold is coming :D hello hoodies & hot chocolate <3
Agreed. Lunardi's intern is working the late-night shift.
hahaha that he is!
Work is done. On bus back to the hotel. Another #FinalFour in the books. Once again a great experience. Fortunate to have this opportunity.
Be an original. Not a copy. <3
It's nice to know that even if I don't fall in love, there are people who just want me for sex.
woohoo! You're going with us right?
We talked after, right? Sorry, didn't mean to give you a weird look. I get mistaken for other people a lot, so no worries.
Tomorrow morning we will announce the winners of the Baltimore Screenwriters Competition!
In lieu of a nap, saw The Lorax with a nervous, twitchy, sleepy 3-yr-old. Probably not going to do that again.
I LOVE MARS CHEESE CASTLE!
happy holidays everyone! :)
I don't think I've ever taken a full 3 weeks off of work. Hurray for summer in higher ed.
Happy Birthday!
National polling would support that, I think. College educated more supportive of gay marriage and/or civil unions
DOne with an Elmur Fudd'like speech..."We serve customers..we don't target customers. We don't shoot'em. " Rob Wolcott
Don’t fall in love with the blessings. Fall in love with the Blessor. If you will seek the Blessor, God will give you what nothing else can.
Karl rove is a fat pig. Suddenly grouping Paul with......HUNTSMAN??! REALLY! Group 1st place with dead last to make a statement. Charming.
I need a girl in my life
I've missed walking into panda and not having to stand in line for 20 minutes.
Kentridge tight end springs into Oregon State football
Riese: Kingdom Falling is pretty cool - just started watching it on Xbox Live (yeah I know I'm late)
now that sound like my kind of place I might come & buy u DRINKS
The show last night was so funn!!!
I hope my term "lollapalosers" catches on
My day consists of listening to and watching #StorageWars (:
I hadn't before, but now I have.
Sorry I didn't see any of you on Friday but boy did I learn a lot! long drive home too
You right, you right. I shooooooo can't.
Ok. I spent $7 bucks on the Mega Millions!
Niners are handling business...Giants just won 8 straight! Great day!
Happy Easter! Have a wonderful Sunday, everyone.
Kissed a smoker last night. It was gross. Most unattractive thing.
haha all good. First 2yrs I was at altoona, then sutton court, park hill, and finally NIttany crossing. Never live that far! Haha
sweetheart thanks for the follow nice to tweet your acquaintance 😊
It's super overcast here. No gardening here. I'm hoping there will be some babying! :)
I'm not sure what his definition of Texas style is exactly. Can you give me more?
thank you Derek (:
Classes are now on Tuesday Nights starting at 8pm - Bible Study 7pm with Pastor
as for this weekend, it's my bestie's bday so going to dinner then out for drinks, then a party tomorrow, and probably crashing
": Is it gay or magic if you pull a rabbit out of your ass? (the rabbit also has a boner and nipple clamps and is openly gay)"
Been getting a lot of mixed info about Whitney Houston. Just saw the report from TMZ though. Hope that its wrong.
great fucking movie
New GTA5: they copied what they have done on PS2 except they missed out the best of the series? Way to innovate & impress your fans.
Just killed it at the gym heavy sets today.
At kissfm! More tix given away today!
Mike wants to know what happened to John Kerry's face. Anyone have a clue?
Yo while u in a good mood, I would luv u 2 check at least 1 o my joints. I def got a banger 4 u. DM me an email.
Me too! RT : thrilled to kick it this weekend with ya and
Get valuable advice about choosing your major from Columbia College juniors and seniors. Tuesday, 11-1, Lerner Hall, Roone Arledge.
nope, but maybe during my next pass of the lobby. :)
thanks for listing; we're more local than less without a doubt! Enjoy your station very much
: oh how lovely! A very fond #ff to U as well! Great wk #Twiend Sunday follow ...
OH MY GOODNESS. (Man, it's a good thing this convo is happening in the daytime.)
Great tool! RT Yahoo Pipes creates über-RSS feeds - tagged, sorted, deduced.
Oh fancy
Dont count the days make the days count (:!
Four years ago today you gave up your ghost, Johnny, and the world's less jovial or it. Miss you brother. JHH 1981-2008.
Bed sounds good! Hope I feel better tomorrow! busy day ahead
Good round rickie. You did great
Look, I said I was sorry, there is not much more I can do. And truth...I was a whore then, and I wanted attention from you
Just a quick thank you to everyone following us on twitter...Follow us on facebook for more updated information and events in vegas
RT : Hardin missed the entire 2011 season with a fractured left shoulder, but was healthy enough to play in Shrine Game
only one player, Chuck Hughes, died on a field & that was because of a heart attack. Again, players know the risk of football
Back on the iPad train. In Jobs we trust.
We would LOVE a follow!
where have you been, little girl?!
oh my goodness. i look so short next to in that picture.
I figured. You are one savvy lady. :) Oh, the benefits of having a generation gap.
In the next Intro to Balboa, we'll finish up the Send Out then cover the Transition to Bal-Swing for some Crossovers and Lollies!
Catchin' up in NYC with the homies , haven't seen them since September out in Cologne Germany.
Are you available on Sat Feb 19th from 2:30-3:30pm?? I have something going on that you'd be interested in...I think..lol LMK
you already know young reynsies. I might even have to pay a visit to the Penn if you've been keeping the tradition alive
This week has been a sudden reminder to be with who I love, to visit the places I've always wanted to, and do all the things I've set out to
I wounder if and are talking about the IFO
I think tomorrow calls for a beach day.
i dont think my cats eva been outside lol so u dont gotta worry bout my Animals (y do u capitalize the A?)
It has been great how my heart has changed towards nice weather, so grateful for a day like today.
So happy to wake up tomorrow knowing it's Friday! #FF YAY for Friday!
I WISH I WAS THERE. Have fun x
Goodell aims to plug draft leaks - Toronto Sun
what's the big deal of LTE on a mobile device if you're gonna reach the "un-limit" quicker? Stream HD videos?
If you've taken more than 20 photos in one night on your iPhone, it's acceptable to make an album on Facebook.
Supreme Soul (ABDC)'s website RT: : www.supremesoul.tv
IF THEY WANT IT IMA LET EM, HAVE IT MAINTAIN MY STATUS AINT NO TELLIN WHERE IM HEADED WIT THIS FULLY AUTOMATIC
Not sure I have the time anymore, I needed to make sched arrangements by Fri but now I have a commitment Tue & Wed
happy to oblige. If we run into each other at RSA, give me a business card. I'm better at following up on cards than tweets
Where did you start? Are you doing producing or just mixing for now?
Its #yellow outside!!
#PalePeopleProblems When you stand infront of white walls, you can't be seen.
Thank you. I got it in and feel good RT : have a great workout!
What? There's a bassoon in the band going onstage. And a cello! And a violin! Tuba much? #SXSW #DryRiverYachtClub = name of the band.
homemade minted lamb meatballs with leftover dominos pizza.
yes I did I even call u when I sent u dis tweet phn wnt str8 to voice mail
Since revenge against the Os apparently won't be happening on the field, might be time for a stealth mission to taint their post-game spread
DUDE!!! You Live! Miss all your vape stuff.
Culvers drive through is crackin right now
Hello everyone! Auto Warranty Live Transfer Leads
this is it.
I am all about Team Chuck and Blair
Number 6 : Kelly Rowland
Me too! Every web geek I know is unfamiliar with WP it seems, and last time I figured it out with sheer dumb luck.
Light damage in corridor 2...
Beautiful day in HR. If you count your chickens before they hatch, be sure to have a frying pan handy.
New topic - ZD7-14mm : a Walk with ONLY Ultra Wide Angle
that's cool, pretty rewarding job
Skip Bayless is crying somewhere
It's SNOWING!! I am squealing like a little kid now that winter has finally arrived in NOVA.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
you got it.
Lupe Fiasco= Chris Martin.
Plse send recipe! RT : Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
how crazy would that be of we pulled this off?!
16th is a beaut. Are you taking credit for the ball in the fairway too?
im @ replying you! Haha
#Fact RT : Artists are wack not crediting producers and their hard work. SMH.
Lmmfao so this chick unfollowed me because I called her a groupie!!! Oh well I call a spade a spade it just is what it is....
good tip.
Eat some donuts play some pinball at Voodoo Donuts. There will be a pinball tournament Sept. 8th 7pm $5 Entry.Single game double elimination
Success is like pregnancy everyone congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to get there
Enjoying some slurpees
Gonna watch some YT vids then take a shower then read The Maze Runner.
“: “: In FL there is no legal obligation to wear pants, which is why I moved there.” LMAO!” No more wearing pants 4 me
Yo some of the things people be doing these days... and they think they keeping it under wraps..... Boy
They are not a broken people! They are strong!! We need to change how we talk about PTS and TBI Charge accepted!
I'm gonna nap. Fuck y'all. Just kidding. #4026904825 Hmu later if your bored.
Correcting an early tweet: Roback threw for OC Matt Canada today, not Zach Azzanni. Misread a text. Apologize for the error
ARod: will you please hit you 600th HR? Already sick of hearing about him! yeesh.
It's that last question that gets my goose bumpy.
Yes RT : I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
not done Epic Fail yet! Hope it will be a success, despite my failed boring slides :)
I would be the one to have chocolate all over my phone screen.
I'm not sure you'll get your asking price, but I guess that's the magic of eBay.
Video Resume - YouTube - Backwoods Urbanity
Busy after 3pm PST. Maybe talk before then?
8 mm. to go til Oratorio Overture is done. Not time to pop the cork, but surely time to schedule tasting to determine what to buy & ice.
Damn it's already 1:00
is asking weird questions and i dnt like them :/
So sorry, Linda.
Kareena Kapoor back in Heroine, but conditions apply
Aesthetic Answers Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
If you were unaware YES WE ARE OPEN FOR LUNCH!!!
who am I rooting for today?
What shoe size? Even the wisest cannot tell...
HB 1228 will be heard at 8am in the South Gallery of the House chamber. SB 576 will be heard at 3pm in the 3rd floor Senate Lounge.
Does have any public montessoris?
thanks for spelling it out for dummies.
homework homework homework
congrats to tha homies of and ! awesome spring collection and good design. i hope yall sell out!!!
how am I going to spend my summer without you being ridiculous!?
likewise! Hope to see you at more events--or further up north ;)
Giving some major props to my girls from the You guys are so awesome.
where ya been
Excuse me i'm am not just another obsessed fan. i have a name. I'm a #Belieber ♥ i LOVE
Just saw where Scott Riddle signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, Noel Devine is playing with them this year.
Winner of 5-6th grade #ccbas is Gary Schmidt for Okay for Now
Options to customize caption display (location, font, color, background) in YouTube are impressive. Also interactive transcript.
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.” ― Bil Keane
I'ma their and I'm here to steal your heart.
psh, a medium Wendy's soda lid fits perfectly on a TOTS cup. Don't ask me how I know that.
Oh that's fine than :) Just tweet me when you get off than
Pulling out the show choir stuff made me realize how sad Spring Spec is going to be.
you're on student council and you're not dressed up...
tx for being here to support !
well okay i understand now like i dnt tlk to 40yr olds tha r strangers
at least in Omniture, it means that (prob Google itself) is hiding the exact keyword that securely signed in user typed
because we clear the lines when the song starts. You cannot call to win before that.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman. ~Margaret Thatcher
I'm bore af though right now the computer don't even keep me entertained anymore...only my boyfriend do lol
Yummy McDonald's!!:)
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations
Today is all about surviving at the pet store until 5- when I can turn on the BCS championship game.
That's not the poor Land Cruiser's fault.
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU!!! I LOVE YOU! :)
“: Great presentation today, thank you Chef!” no thank you !
thank you so much :)
yes thanks for the link. I can work on a blog post now.
Want to drown sorrows in live music other than Nickelback, #Pittsburgh ? Mon, Squeeze & English Beat Thu, Sat
ooh! I want a Peanuts version of myself!
MY HEART JUST WOULDNT LET ME WALK AWAY #KeyshiaCole♥
Google’s Kent Walker: It took until 2003 for man to create 5 exabytes of info. In 2010, 5 exabytes of information are created every 2 days
People do stupid things to get attention !!!!...
hope so! We love u here Doug!
do you have an archive plan? LTO?
But I won't forget.
Seriously, why is Nick Johnson on the team?
ha! Ill let her know of your request :P
Dinner Saturday yes.
#realtalk RT : #WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
were you at devil woman
To all the amazing food allergy moms out there ... Happy Mother's Day!
I do remember u!TY.Ur a treasure. RT Praying daily 4 u friend.I hope u remember me.This is christian.GOD bless u
"The faculty votes no confidence in you."
just so you know a photograph of you and I doesn't exist. Why?
are y'all hiring?lol
please follow me :)
oh, got you. It's coo tho. Welcome.
We will make sure to pass that message along. Very sorry for the inconvience.
Elmer G. Letterman~ Personality can open doors but only character can keep them open.
Its frickin cold out there! Guess its gonna start warming up. Don't feels like it.
it's not just scheduling, I can't send any messages at all
just dm me if u want its eaiser!
It looks like it's going to be a #Cubs kinda summer, eh?
Yes I agree. Most of them are so fun. I like the animated films and I am not a parent. But they are clean and enjoyable.
please do it today and tell then about my b-day. if anybody wants to mail me a card give address to them i will dm u it
Its SNOWING in Dallas!!! Christmas is officially here!
Doing a little thing I like to call Twitter purge
Hey, saw your live tweets from the coop meeting. You do that often? Thought about doing it more?
check out the chowder house down by the main pier. Will also be a favorite.
talked about the Indian call center scam in his Security Now podcast some time ago.
BTW..I have never been able to lie.. Give myself away cuz I giggle or smile..even I fib:-)
i haven't been tweeting much lately. :o
thanks for the retweets lately! Hope things are going well in Texas.
What say the people: Should I dress up and go to a Halloween Party tonight? And if so, as what?
Ditto :) RT : LAMAH! Happy Happy Birthday to You're a remarkable and extraordinary soul.
The cutlery store could be dangerous. I think I've seen cartoons like that (Tom swallows magnet, runs by kitchen, runs faster).
Olivia Newton John...
Somthin cut me and I don't remember it cutin me =(
Take home only what u need!
Hey guys! Tweet me? =)
How? Where? I can't get it anywhere, not on Demand, not on HBOGo.
RT what's poppin stranger?? -- 614DEEM () nothing what you up to ?
"QUIT YELLING AT ME ASSHOLE!" ~ Siri to Samuel L. Jackson on that iPhone 4S commercial.
#GODBLESS EACH OF YOU
haha I'm going to keep quiet about my opinions on the heat since it sounds you're a fan
#NASHVILLE Dirtdobber Blues Event 6:30 March 8 with playing Butch's songs &
Can't wait to play with tonight at Mojo Main and perform at 's Spring Block Party in Baltimore this Sunday!!
we are huge local radio supporters. well, naturally, because our event features a handful of our favorite local jazz bands.
i want to send you an invite and ask you a question about McNally Jackson, what's the best way to chat?
True, error by Hoyers chosen one at short contributed, Padres swinging at too many 1st pitches, lack of clutch hits.
The two main types of services it handles are immigration services and naturalization services.
Back to the J.O.B.
HEADED TO CHURCH... <3 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED DAY!! <3
God is love.
Wait is this show longer than one hour?
RT : Announcing the State Finalists for this year's US #Doodle4Google contest. Now it's your turn to vote for the winner!...
finna die rite quicc .. if a see den ima see ya ...out dis bit
me ether
Whats up with you n where u at?
If it wasn't so rainy all the time, I'd leave a trail of breadcrumbs. :P
Lots of very good offensive skill talent is going to go in the 2nd round of the draft, that's when fantasy GMs gotta really be watching
Morning Everybody! Its a great day to be alive! Be sure 2 give thanks to the ONE who gave U life this morning! #God Is Good
They really like us! Like us on facebook for more exclusive deals too!
it's okay, you're a beginner <3
*heads towards the woods, hands jammed in my pockets*
for those of us chronically in love with Autumn, we see it in every season.
lol I know, sorry I haven't been on! But I'm on now :)
I will love to come on your shows to talk politics and jazz. how come jazz is no longer main stream and employment....
Hey , what's on your Spain menu?
My mom would want to leave rite when the new adventure time is going to start
i hear that man
can I have some for my presentation. That's one of my deliverables
going to get my baby so we can enjoy this day!!
Will do he is just signing on ;)
Texting your family that's downstairs because you're a bunch of lazy fucks
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston. Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.
- Now that's what I call vibrant - Like "POW"
C.L.I.C.K : C=Can't live without u. L=Love u. I=I miss u. C=Care About u. K=Kiss From my heart to u. So,When u miss me just say "CLICK :D
Paul Holdengraber (NYPL) at #il2009 believes in the friction of dialog. Me too!
5 years ago today my father went to be with the Lord I'm so thankful for the 20 years I had with him He instilled so much in me. Love u dad
I get how serious concussions are but suing the NFL? Do army Vets sue the Gov cuz bullets r dangerous?
Yes, please! RT : Snowball fight?
is your pain on your shoulder? Front, back, side? Is it radiating down your arm? Any numbness? What part of your throw hurts?
Thank you to everyone who made tonight so awesome! We all hope to see you on February 18th when we play the loft again!
Bobcat Goldthwait's career died a painful, lingering death a long time ago. This creepfest of a film won't change that.
Meeting this morning with the Roundtable for Young Executives....I'm really looking forward to it.
I don't know if males should have hyphenated surnames, seems somewhat effeminate
Wendys got he nerves to have macaroni & chees
RT : Just realized... one year from today is the apocalypse! Happy countdown everyone!
feel free to stop by our beyond borders:diversity in cannes symposium sat, 5/19/12 1pm majestic hotel rm deauville 1
Going to the bathroom :)
A quiz for our fans... Heterochromia means what?
Prepare to stop.
Thanks for the shoutout!
while I'm here, I think I will visit the Georgia Historical Society...
I wonder if you ever miss me being around
The good news: Americans have the awareness, access and ability to help. What are you doing?
If the State Journal doesn't reign him in, I'd be amazed. He's on a tirade of idiocy
That quote's so much more awkward without the hashtag.
EsterC and ornages can keep the viruses at bay!
I'm going to need something sweet tonight. I've got pb nutella and marshmallow puff - how creative can I get
IT'S A TRAP!
Common sense for Arenas would obliterate Wizards' cap.
#NowPlaying Johnny O / Fantasy Girl
So excited that is on her way to Albany to see me in "The Producers!"
your making me want to go back!! So delicious.
Eye On The Prize... <3
yep finally ready to relax & not play poker tonite
We may be interested. Have you got more details?
Listening to the best Elvis devotional I've ever heard, by Bruce Springsteen. I finally get it Bruce, thank you. The king, boss
Hi Ari, How's Your Friday Going? (: xx
we miss you too babe! wondered why bacon sales were down ;)
Today is thursday right? So where tf is the UPS man?
Report: Canadiens to name Bergevin as GM
Kid just launched a rock at my car and hit it
been gone for a while:oo
Anyone seen? RT "Catfish": Cant give anything away[...]interesting as #emac student. [...]worth seeing, more than TheSocialNetwork
The only good thing about being sick is Esther pampering me all day
I Can't Believe He Did That!!! That was very Rude && uncalled for you don't have to worry about us anymore. You need to go get a life & move
wouldn't lunch technically count as ur breakfast then if you don't eat breakfast??
will do!
Is the school responsible for providing time for teacher colaboration?
the coin said talk...(:
Each day is a new beginning. A day to take new risks, take chances and have no regrets. Seize the opportunity to change yourself.
not even cares about me anymore..wow
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
#Predators and #Grizzlies are both in nail biters at the moment!
How awesome that'd be for New Orleans.
": I know I have seen the nails pics on ur FB, its Hot!
I like this quote: “Technology is about enabling human potential” - Michael Dell.
Patriot: a person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about
You cannot help someone if they aren't willing to listen. You can find a better student, and they can find a better teacher.
MT : Interesting that these agencies are using/talking about digital platforms but neither seem to be too active on SM
Please Follow
so neat!
#np Jennifer Chung & Kenny Choi - Natural disaster
Obama, I think you're great. Romney et. al., I like your fighting spirit, but can we just cut to the chase and make George Takei president?
Southern hospitality. Without serious football. #florida but
Watching Grimm, such a good show. Does anyone else watch?
sounds like you boss is an AWESOME person. . .so glad you 2 are BFFs. . .j/k ;)
It's a good movie! 😃 RT : No, i havent either RT : I'm the only one that hasn't seen think like a man 😒
#DontMakeFun now jess!
9:24 pm in Chicago!(: what about over there?
At my brothers in law house.. #AT&T u-verse not working... Told him to get directv!! He never listens
When u feel others dont speak ur language, try rewording your thoughts. Often we are saying the same thing but judgement gets in the way.
that would be a bonus
There is a unicorn exception on my earlier anti-clip art comment
the ones with the huge "please buy me eyes?" those are starting to pile up.
JesusGeeks at YMCA Jackie Robinson setting up computer lab!
Yeah, i think so
Everyone keep talkn bout the avenger movie......I need to see this
congrats! To whom?
I understand the confusion for sure! You'd think people could get more creative with venue names
Yesterday it was brand utility. Today it is ambiance marketing.
how come you & the boyz go to every other city but you boyz never come to detroit,Mi #NotFair :'(
super late reply, i went to go buy my hair dye -.- but DM means Direct message only for me to see :) & cute shirt!! wear it!
McDonalds OR Burger King? McDonalds ALL THE WAY!
just got a handle of cap'n!
RT 6 for $5 burgers again thanks to the Brew Crew! Stop in before midnight (tonight) to get the deal!
is about to start excavating her apartment while contemplating her new dwelling.
Good things to consider...I try to share lots of different content, so maybe I'm not focused enough?
I tried... site said your time was up. :(
it's going to be a greaaaatttt night
Good Luck ! Gonna be great.
grateful to see the #cards offense give carp a little run support. pray now he can go the distance and avoid going to the gas can bullpen
umm well you used to go to the skating rink then one of my friends and I added you on facebook I think then we found the link ...
I hope she's alright!
This yr is "Gone with the Wind" 75th anniversary, starring Vivian Leigh as 1 of fiction's most notorious female characters, Scarlett O'Hara.
I wish! Tickets are tough to come by now.
Q2 ALL libraries should be doing some type of survey/evaluation. How else can we prove we're accomplishing anything?
i look forward to it. Saturday blackout by noon?
Working on slides for a visit to UVA next week. Thanks to for the conversation about her Sept. trip. Now I don't risk repetition!
Whenever I leave for lunch I'm alarmed at how loud I was listening to the radio at 7:15 a.m.
Back on twitter... for investigative/research purposes. Interesting stuff going on here.
I'm the same way. Have fun!
Nice game by Phelps..now lets score more runs and take this game
Left the and #newzealand :(
lol. no no no. about mcdonalds racist commercials.
Wondering where I can get more info on the writing contest that Madison Magazine has each year? Online info?
You got it girl.
Beautiful Tribute to your DAD..... Continue to SIng, SInG ....SING!!!
Lend me your eyes I can change what you see
One thing I love about TED Talks is their tight focus. It doesn't matter if you're Bill Gates or Bill Clinton. You've got 20 minutes.
LMFAO. Why was that so funny.
sorry jet fans
Need #MondayMotivation check out my tweets
Clorox and Sandpaper.
Showcases by Rosario and Charles, Larry and Sharon, Michael with Katy and Gizelle. Superb performances by all.
Much-deserved. RT : Did I just make a Lord of the Rings reference?!?!? I'm giving myself a Flagrant 2. And a wedgie.
olympics in less than a month! Can't wait to watch it!
Faith is a measure of your confidence. Trust is a measure of your commitment. Faith may fail, but Trust in God will stand the test of time.
holy moly that is amazing!
Seem like the refs really want Baylor to take it too.
Lmao! Pizza hut has that box special! #IJS lol
He loves it when I say daddy :)
So I walked up to "my car" and tried to unlock it, but it wouldn't. Is my remote broken? Turns out it wasn't even my car!
Can be there- have to leave by 5:30. Come early! ;)
thank ya :)
-- watched #TheLuckyOne last night. It was pretty good. Slow at times. Not one of Sparks' best.
any other school have the same?
Why do I always type Cincinnati "Benglas" first?
Thanks for sharing.
Resilience: 1. power or ability to the original form, position, etc. after being bent, compressed, or stretched; elasticity
thx for followin! keep in touch
RT : It's not often you get an extra day. Happy Leap Day everyone!
how was Kyle and Cody's 4/20 gig? i'd've been there had irenic not been playing the same night. Scott and I wanna come back!
True, I finally decided it was in a purely fictional location. Illinois was what I thought for the first few seasons
Make love, not war!
Dream job: The bullpen "protection" catcher at Wrigley.
Best friend=
whats on the agenda:Legal Issues for Public Pensions
thanks for the tweet, Team Jeff - but the wweek mock mayoral race ended yesterday.
my fantasy was to read books for a living. now I'm an English professor. fantasy win!
Dont Know what Ill do with out my Nel <3
OK heading to bed now. Good night!
Thanks for the alert - we'll look into that and hopefully have a fix soon.
Zach Thomas sees 'hero' in ex-Dolphins mate Junior Seau - NFL News
Thanks for the tip! We'll keep you posted on the next one! you in?
Maurice Lopes Senate Banking Committee, SEC and President Obama: Request to pass a crowdfunding bill proposed by the house and senate. - He…
For the record: I never called Orange County "The OC," and will now and forever never reference Malibu as "The 'Bu."
hey we should tweet more often
if one of us go in then we all go threw t
I am an idiot. Discuss.
J Cole has a sexy ass voice
Still feeling dizzy ah
What does the red button do? he asked as he push---
Okay. I want to sit down and watch a teenage pregnancy show, or show about people who eat things they shouldn't.
WHY THE HELL WON'T YOU REPLY!!!!!!!!
Thank you sis!! Have a blessed one :)
A day off & my pool is open!!! Party at my place!!!
more of a cool lounge groove. A lounge in eastern Hungary, but a lounge groove nonetheless
OMG you are NOT a barbie so just stop it please none of my barbies looked like yo ass when I was growing up...lol
Are you're vocals on the free E.P.
now following #mybadgirls club go follow
RT Dropped tears in the ocean,once you found it is the day I stop loving you.
I seriously love college.
The frikkin Dodger game is not televised tonight or what? Somebody help me I'm spazzing out.
Hi Kel!....Have a Bless one
Yes! Plz send to to get on the show - especially Cut Me Up - Lv that one!
i like the emoji's man
the cost from the venue is probably to blame
lol i skipped the after hours crowd, but MAN. last week was intense! so little sleep.
Every time I eat a #DoritosLocosTacos I'm amazed. My new addiction.
*Raises hand* ;)
words to live by: "you must short the pins to prevent the buffers from filling up"
Democracy is messy and free! Lock-step Republicans have created the impossible and a unsustainable future. We are #wiunion Our diversity!
I just want to touch your ears so fucking bad!  but then shit might get real lmao
Atlantic needs to realize how long we have waited for a full length album. Why make us wait longer.
I want to bring the snark... but it wouldn't be anything new.
": Real managers/GA's get on the FLOOR with their hands and get that sweat off the floor,lol" been there done that.
For every one Michael Hanavicius, there's one of you.
If you have a different girlfriend every month. There is a problem.
The Weakness Of My TL. I'm Gone. Text Me If You Got It.
Congrats #MidwoodHIghschool Still need money for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page! Control your own destiny...
I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
i followed her before and i gained no followers in a month once i followed her
News! Summer issue now out JUNE 24th to allow for ASSEMBLY PARTY JUNE 23RD! At , time to be announced soon!
Fuck we have to go to Hernandez's for 3rd.
There is 100% data loss when someone passes away.
Some people ... #seriously !
do it as a whole team .
Is buck Owens jake Owens dad?
Why did my uncle rose just say "why dont they just make a music video with EVERY rapper to ever live everybody say 1 line & rent a Bentley"
I&#39;m finna start turning my phone off at least 3 hours before a show. &#35;stressed
I've always said Virgina Beach isn't safe, now come to NYC already.
Hey little girl is your daddy home? Did he go and leave you all alone, mmhm. I got a bad desire.
No Rose no problem! LET'S GO BULLS!
KG doesn't get the recognition he deserves. He's going to light it up tonight.
What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die
I'm the thug John F. Kennedy.
PAB is pricey, but I'd def recommend...
Hitting the road in a few hours! :D
Welcome and thank you to all my new followers. Feel free to contact me. I always reply :)
ATTENTION! IS READY FOR DA BUTTHOLIO,
Best part of the game, rally towels!
I just realized why the autocorrect on my phone sucks...... Its in spanish.
Me and you both homie!! I'm need one asap! RT : I need a vacation!
I love watching people lose themselves in music
more trips to jail than sexual partners.
mines on Monday! Yay Aries babies!
Tomorrows feature is Sweet Potatoe Pie. If you've never tried it thats ok because we have samples! So, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Ill admit, I have been a bit of a bitch lately. but idgaf!
my blankets are in my floor too.
I'm afraid if I go out, I might not come back until tomorrow...
USING CHILD SUPPORT MONEY ON URSELF
Omg let me say it again I forgive you but can't stand you....
Oh cool! :D Yeah they're not doing After After parties but they usually stay after the show and hang with fans :)
What if I drowned in lake Michigan
Awesome! Congrats to all the new Honors College Graduates.
Frustrated that small pct of young ppl want to get into science, incl software eng. Got to find ways to help them rewire their thinking.
Out of pain derives beauty...if you allow it to be...
Graduation day!!
What happened to pro basketball players being able to make a jump shot?
if they don't, I could see OKC making a '91 Bulls-esque run.
Yes! Find me - I'm jasminehuff!
need to get fake mustaches for saturday
Everyone will be interviewing tomorrow for DBHH "artist of the week" tweet her want u would want to
Thank you so much! Would love to hear what you think.
Social killed the house party vibe
If u r too lazy to walk a dog every day maybe u should consider a cat...
If Emily Van Camp really wants to get #revenge why doesn’t she just call up the #avengers They’ll do anything for publicity.
Get it! #proudhusbandtweet “: Learning a lot @ the Women's Success Conference in Orlando with Dr. Stacia #lifecoachtowomen”
I GOT A NEW NUMBER..if i knw you and you want it hit the old number and ill give it
#thewanted has been around for that long?
I made a couple mistakes I need to correct Speciale in HD 3 and Jeter in HD 92 both won, will fix in the AM
Also, if you happen to be in Brooklyn, stop by Joe's of Avenue U for the best rice ball you'll ever have!
. I hate dr. Pepper ! Sun drop is better(:
1/2 crown 1/2 butterscotch schnapps in a cup of red bull... So delicious
#Fridayreads Mainly 1Q84, with a few other books on the side.
That's the best part
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
somebody call my moma
going through these DAMN emotions again ..... CRAZY ....
I don't no why but I love watching mobster & gangster movies.
call yulanda and see would she come get me so i can ask willie to take me to get lauren wic
You got it! Email rogue to claim your prize.
just left with all his stuff but now theres a weird, sad, defeaning echo in the room.
sorry didn't see in time :( hope you are feeling better! Home sick again today?
Gonna reify the fuck out of this Wasteland.
Ride the skateboard down 125th guzzling Jameson, although no one may notice.
The chorus go wth u mean RT : This beez in the trap song suxxx I'm very disappointed in you Nicki
#MaydayParadeJake favorite song to play live?
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Chances weren't meant to be given but taken.
Thanks man.
That's an awesome talk.
I hope next year American Idol tryouts will be in Killwaukee-- where there is talent as well as style
second Tuesday of next week?
i think that's the implication.
Hm...what god do you know?
Natural Leaders US Fish and Wildlife Service award goes to Hanna Pinneo from Lincoln, NE!!!
Me: Your life is a fail just like your dads condom Bro: you wanna go there.? Your a fail like your moms abortion .-.
This whole discussion over the "pornographic" new Canadian 20 dollar bill is ridiculous. People need to calm down.
i feel it from my head to my toe!
What's ur favorite piece of #jewelry? #Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
I'm excited that our rental car is a Ford Edge.
We hope everyone has an awesome time at OLLU's #Mizuumi-Con !
omg they definitely were....that wouldve sucked!
Farewell, San Francisco! Cape Town - watch out!
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
GameDay! not sure I can focus on my day job waiting for the boys in blue to do work tonight. #sportingkc wish I was there
I Need A Loan.
#aims session at 8am this Saturday at SAA. Bring your pillow and blanky.
Anyone want to text? 8327152373
Shoutout to the girls that keep there legs closed..good job ladys don't be a hoe.
#TexasFans Are so proud of u n so happy for ya?congrats ??my idol
ah yes- true true. I'd also add Current's Vanguard to that list as well.
I'll feel so bad if you saved up that much money for me dude.....
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The Artist
My last RT! I was just singing that song not even 10 seconds ago.
yeah. That's why I'm traveling. Lol besides I went to the one in Dallas and Vegas last year. Vegas was incredible.
Took our Mom to Hunger Games today. Good Mothers Day movie? She loved it!
&#9730; Sweet Deal Covert Camera Fan 16GB Protect your spouse
There is something so gratifying about hearing a Bostonian say, "Trishah, do you have any quahtuhs?"
Dang did I just say that...
Carrie underwood-get out of thus town
kyle, could you DM me a way to get in touch with you? would love to interview you about the amazing year you had. thanks
i think the longevity of Vogue demonstrates relevance of #fashion and being #sexy - the vogue #archives must be fascinating
Is the dmv inspection station the worst place in dc? I think so but haven't been to, like, fur nightclub
quick drink at 2d street?
haha why thank you!! =) glad ya do!
I love Dj Aye-Meezy <3 ♪
I know. I saw all the youtube videos on it and I was like :o I need one and so I got one. :)
The annual gospel choir/ MLK shabbat service at Temple Beth Israel is Friday January 13 at 6 pm.The gospel choir raises the roof off!
if only you knew how desperate you lookk
companies could not afford new units in a down economy..last summer exposed their limited capacity to cool.
bowl season starts today! fox football guys on now - www.foxsportsradio.com
SOX: The Major League #RedSox are idle, but get your baseball fix with the #PawSox game on at 6:30 p.m. tonight.
the Drake, 2 Chainz, j cole and waka concert bro!!!!
about how girls like assholes.
We just got Surly Smoke and another shipment of Darkness. Get em while you can...
I send the grossest pictures of myself to 😌
come on Kayla, that would mean he'd have to pay attention to 5 teams for the city at once!
i miss twitter and my phone :(
haha how did you not mention this before you left today ?! Tell me there was drama.
Pretty sure I'm only back on Twitter to read tweets from
who wants to get listed..? :)
my whole office smells like pancakes and syrup..
Oh Friday, you seductive little day, you!
Diamond Supply Co.
So excited about going to Cali! Can't wait
I wish you all a great weekend! Never give up on your dreams!
Rep. Issa: "We haven't heard from the scientists. We haven't done due diligence. This is not a new problem. This is not urgent."
My sister went to blow bubbles but it didn't come with a stick...
I'm taken by your hope filled lies, they're well designed and dragging me along. I'll be waiting for this chance and I'll be gone..
sounds like you did pretty well
Madison was you weren't!
Well I bought NSN Directors Cut yesterday night and I watched it 4 times already! <3 please follow me I love u!
RT : Homeboy selling trechcoats on the corner for $10.
No pain No game
Last weekend I made it to for "First Truth" love glass artist Yuka Otani, moving towards silk screening! Très intéressant.
Oh no! Are you getting enough sleep and/or water? Those tend to be the reasons for my terrible headaches.
I was just asked to review an academic book for the first time in my career...I feel like this is a watershed moment.
Thanks for pissing me off all over again.
Thanks, Mike!
I be quick to ignore people calls and even quicker to just watch it ring.
#SignsUrAHoodratMother it's an uncut vid of you on world star topping some dude off that ain't the baby daddy...and the baby in the room
"There is no miracle. Everything that happens is the result of law -- eternal, immutable, ever active." ~ H.P.Blavatsky
Killing it on the twitter account all #SuperBowl long
I make bitches walk home......swag
The new song sounds amazing! I'm not supposed to be listening to music #rebel. Vocals are sick! Good job <3
Dumb Ass Giants fan interferes with a fair ball down the line
Stand you ground My Brother! Hatred, Bigotry, Ignorance, and Religious Intolerance must be exposed
I agree Huntsman is the best candidate.
How about doing something nice for someone today? Take it one step further and do it for someone you dont care for...
#46for46 murals! RT : Premiere of "Game Time is Showtime: Indy's Super Bowl Legacy, Part I" on Thursday, Jan. 26 @ 7:30p, WFYI 1.
‎When I tell you I need to be alone, what I mean is that I don't want you to see me changing the batteries on my confidence. Buddy Wakefield
Yes!!!! I can't wait to see them! #samodel ;)
Everyone loves finding melted chocolat and having lick it of the rapper.
I love #JBLfacts, it's a great way to motivate me and start my day.
ha. White mikes words!!!! Not mine!
#MyPastRelationships made me more of a
i wonder how calls ur gonna get lol
Lunchbox would you hook up with Tina Turner if you had the chance?
ill check it out
One's nature cannot be helped. 持って生まれた性質は直らない。
back at you!
Happy Birthday to you...I wish you many more, dear friend.
mobile can take the expertise of librarians beyond the library building, new ways to search, engage students, re-emphasize trad IL
Yes MT Books
Great audience questions about project gado. Thanks everyone at
The super easy to use twitter word bag api from just kicked ass for and of our customers. Thx guys!
don't kill any lot lizards today.
thanks for RT!
A margarita wouldn't hurt, either.
awww i love u too <3
Thanks Facebook for removing the "reviews" app so people can't leave reviews anymore. That was great while it lasted.
I need my nails done 💅 ASAP
Have I mentioned food poisoning sucks?
yeah dude Trip someday :)
I legit have the easiest target ever
Ima bout to smack this icee out this mans hand if he keep slurrpin it the way he is
listening to this morning as catch up on email and plot out my day. just want to say great job with the show!
Haha I know! I don't even live off 7th anymore but I'm still excited!
That awkward moment when you try to silently get food late at night while everyone is sleeping, but it seems like every move is so loud!
Gotta work tomorrow morning to get my body back in recovery mode after tonights scrimmage.
A&A welcomes NFL player & philanthropist Lorenzo Alexander to our advisory board.
nothing comes to mind. Just buy me a bag or two of M&Ms or Twix. (jumbo bags, not individual...cheapskate!!)
Even though its Father's Day, you mothers still gotta look good! We're open 1-4! Come on in & get your sweat on!!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I forgot about the milk allergy.
Opry tonight. Good Luck!:)
LOL is he ur football husband?
Someday the word METROPLEX will be proudly used....
I wish I wasnt sick right now : /
Working on free apps and blog sites for all you die-hards. Currently in Frankenstein mode. ~(@^@)~ stay tuned. :-)
happy 6 month hunny. Love always and forever
And as much as I like ale, being wired on Diet Coke's been helping me focus in our last two meetings. :)
Love the ambiance at night on Lincoln Rd. Work officially done. Heading back the condo for a power nap and the Salted party tonight.
You're welcome! We'll get this figured out. But don't worry about losing tweets- I just ran the report to make sure we got them.
That's a good point! I should try listening while I am getting ready for work instead of listening to the news!
thanks bro
Been using a lot over the past few days to schedule tweets while Tweetdeck is borked. I really, really like it.
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the #Hunger_Games tonight. O boy...
happy mother's day to you!! :0)
glad to see sandy is still enjoying the bonfires
Specials: Soup- Cream of Potato, Pasta- Cheese Tortellini with Italian Sausage, Pizza- Alfredo Chicken
Walter's Automotive off of Baum.
How do you two feel about Huntsman?
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester more money on my meal plan!
i refuse to resort to passive aggressive tweets in this matter... that's as close as i'll get. there, done.
Happy I don't work today.
shaylen I got a new song to show you man lol
oh I know but in retrospect I did come off as being a bit selfish. I've been luckier than a lot of fans :)
Padres games would be more fun if they actually won...make it so!!!!
The weather finally came around for you guys! You deserve it, good for you!
Perhaps it was an Anna's? Check out the distribution map for Ruby-throated in the field guide.
RT : "Content is fire and social is gasoline."
The Esco situation plays into my original point, do you endorse b/c of ideology or b/c you know someone will win, or both.
Doing some photo work with the great
to be honest. I can't even give you my opinion on justin cause it changes everyday. somedays I'm like, aw JB! and others I'm like, DA FUCK?
It baffles me when I start talking about science, logistics of life, & the mysteries of this world with people & they look at me like HUH??
uh oh
RT FOR NEW YORK?! :D
just dropped my phone in the fucking bath..
books4teenboys: SKYSHIP ACADEMY by Nick James---"epic!"
u is way beyond sexy
Im happy
Hopefully I dnt go to school tomorrow.
it's back.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
Yes Boo
is following 69 people lol just thought i should point that out
Darnton: coalition of libraries to provide books
Glad to see you are focused for finals! HA!
Writing all day today.
lol no. It came out when I was playing. Used to watch it all the time.
Asleep at 9, up at 8. Take that, crappy fatigue.
Thanks, Dennis! Happy Friday!
nice good stuff
good to know.
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.” – Doug Ivester
Also, don't forget to make your Father's Day Brunch reservation for tomorrow! call 702.270.4400
well u should know that funny ppl are better!!!
omg dont even talk about food xD im starving! just send me some in the mail.
good luck :)
Hey can people stop Dming me and putting someone is saying nasty things about you w/ a link attached or anything else like tht is sf annoyin
Cia bounce defeats team final easily 86-66
I'm without phone today- I can't find it! Email, tweet, or FB me- until I find that bad boy!
kinda? Lmao no not really
i love Adele so much
Synchropanic: that anxiety you get when several cars are stopped at a stop sign and no one knows who should go first.
if mathai ever goes home i'll flip
Can't promise that things won't be broken, but I swear that I will never leave.
