Nice, my local library is now crowed, its the only place left to go if you wish to see an actual book.
Brothers baseball game
Yall #Support new clothing line >> "A Hundred Planes" #GoDer for
LOL I have Justin Bieber's new song STUCK in my head! And..I'm actually not complaining! :)
John Waters, John SWmaters! More novel would be a good-looking-woman-in-Baltimore sighting.
FUCK I was gonna order some merch last night but somehow I got distracted. DA FUQ
I'm also gonna send Cassandra Clare a lot of hate letters xD hahahaha
“: especially since i found out you were cheating!!!!”
HELP! What do you do with old magazines? Keep them? Box them away! Trash them?
The award for Goal of the Year goes to Adam Moffat for goal vs Timbers: "That was easy to do," the Scotsman says.
#publicdiplomacy & #socialmedia followers - what Youtube users/channels do you follow?
I know im enjoying tweeting you, are you enjoying it?
My shy husband just shared worst high school memory. teacher told him to sit in the front row b/c cheerleaders spent class winking at him.
it did more then rebel!
Why are colored pants coming back?! I AM GOING TO #RAGE AND QUIT.
RT Just got to for the draft party. Thanks ! Time to have some fun!
dinner is much more romantic so im gunna have to go with madison
Who's ready to see us?!?! we play the MIDNIGHT RELEASE of Battlefield 3 at Best Buy @ Alamo Ranch at 11PM on Oct 24th!!!
*Gasp* I think I have the same pair in gold!
Some in industry would like to charge you for device-shifting.
Have an IPhone? Then download Golocal all cities app! Find where to shop at great local stores!
You didn't give him a chance and now you getting jealous because he not into you anymore?
You must have huge plans for NYE.
AYE I STEPED ON A APPLE JACK.....NOW DO THAT MAKE ME A CEREAL KILLER
Track meet todayy ♥.
LOL RT : You never realize how weird your friends are until you start to describe them to someone else.
what's popin
Happy Monday!
also i have found it tastes better to have water or milk already and pour the espresso into it. And now i will stop stalking.
its just that its Aaron Frickin Rodgers!...but I see what you're saying.
Looking for the sun through the clouds! I'm snuggling back into bed. The sun is always there you just have to see it in your heart :o)
We're back in the best city on Earth, El Paso, TX! Getting ready to start announcing some new shows.
"Well there's an exit right over there."
Today was not a nice day for me, you could do just great with RT or follow me would be better if TE AMO MUCHO #LatinBelieber!
the only thing missing from this bar is plumes of smoke in the air.
This whole Delores thing is unsettling.
Omg you met the Chengman! I'm so jealous :D
hell yeah we did! It was good though!
Hardly. My father worked for the Forest Service for almost 40 years. Milwaukee was one big forest 300 yrs ago..
how did y'all go there?
Thanks, Karima! I very much enjoy creating this type of art!
You're welcome. is a very fine poet (and I #DoNotSayTheseThingsLightly)
That's probably okay then.
The combintaion just seemed odd to me I hate egg salad but to pile bacon on it yuck large sweet tea to wash it down
Livin life #isfun. Looking back on good times, just preparing myself for more..
Laying here still thinking about wut could be, wut should be, better yet wut would be if things were different -_-
BYE BYE NADAL :D the force is with you DJOKER
to exercise its faith or tenets. Should it? Esp if it believes "its religion" IS "the religion". I thought religion is supposed to >
just become a server again!!
I got up all night yay! !!!! Cards
Anyone else watching NASCAR today
you and your husband sucks yall need to go home and never come back to tna lol
i just had the most wonderful idea in the world
my spirit animal is a bottle of rumpee. Related note, varsity has 2.25 rumpee shots on thursday.
For what it's worth, our #3 and #2 reasons were our best, but we've got one more for you
I say cheez its cause they're there own category other than normal food
2 much sheeeeettttt on my mind I'll be up all night. But it's nacho business. Night tweeps.
I'm with ya!
Looking forward to a great day at work!
How was your day??
You Right On That I Heard About ya #DivaSquad I want One Lol BlackShadeMafia
you didn't miss much today though we didn't even do anything in there today
Got Microsoft 2010? We are offering MS 2010 training! Visit our website TODAY to see the course offerings.
I feel your pain...
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet. Orson Welles
Have a jolly birthday !!
and now the lights are on...people antsy...
asics gel saga ..I got some ..
I would do ANYTHING to hear play my fav song "Lindsay quit lollygagging" at the Philly show... what's a girl gotta do??
Of Course Kate Middleton Is Nicer to Salespeople Than You Are: On a recent shopping trip to French Connection, the ...
It's a wild night at my house! I'm going to sleep without shutting the butt flap to my footie pajamas!
Heh. I love "awards" with an entry fee.
Awesome! Where is your event?
Random sighting today: a French bulldog, crotch to the ground just peeing and pretty much sittin in it. They always drop it do low?!
Watching Duke back2back 91-92 I bet there were some hard moments. A lot of egos that mesh together and had to work at it. What a great team
It's time to stop calling #Patriots D the worst in the NFL... playoffs = new season and they have absolutely stepped it up
Biscayne National Park, Florida
thanks girl, you so sweet ;) haha
We'll be wrapping all your gifts tomorrow, Wednesday, and Thursday from 11-4 at Barnes and Noble in Morrow, GA. Come visit!!
yea it looked really dumb but I kind of still want to watch it
Leaving Dulles airport to Tampa now. Great week and all good stuff!
Gimme a call
Twitter > Homework
Heading to a shoot today w/ Eli. Got to love industrial jobs, keeps me working!!
twinkle toast
I did see that! In the theater waiting to see Hunger Games. I was into it. But you're right... it seems destined to be underwhelming.
The whispered miracles - love that concept. I'll be listening for mine.
A miraculous thing about God's presence: It makes me like people. Enjoy them. Now that's crazy stuff, son. I believe in the power of God.
I lose customers over 30 seconds and .50 cents. So maybe you can tweet me a free flight and fix this now?
It works both ways - ex: Broadway Danny Rose.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hollidays for all of us at Cowtippers to You! May You have a blessed weekend!
somehow we missed this! Absolutely we can! DM me your best email address!
sounds hot! I love 3somes.
Goin To Dolphin With Mike Kevin N Lil Get :D
happy New Year!!! (:
I had a lot of fun!
It's where I get all my gossip on indie jazz celebrities--they had a great pic of you passed out backstage at Deluxe.
I finished with a 70% lol
I'm not into the whole "two penises" thing
My little brother is hilarious! lol I love him! :)
happy birthday bro
- is a clown? & your main feat is that your brother wrote a shitty book 2 yrs ago? You, sir, are a
AH HA HA! I found a spare, working window A/C unit in the attic! Today has suddenly become AWESOME!
Channing just said he was in love....................... I thought we had something special </3
can you wish me a happy birthday??
Get to it! RT : I'm more into whites, rose..or sparkling, but I approve of the idea!
Yeah everything is too expensive. I still have to buy the complete version of Final Draft...but should probably pay rent first.
girl no my Shawty get crazy I didn't wanna hear it tonight Lolz
Stuck But "Stuck on You" is how I always explained those stalking allegations.
i always start with 100 % , but the less you give me , the less i give you .
I saw something that reminded me of you today. Not to worry- I flushed it and everything went back to normal :)
Hey ladyfriend! Thanks so much! I hope in Denver it's 65 degrees w/ snow on the ground, meaning perfect.
I salute you niggas for wearing a rubber
Hello twittaaa! It's been awhile :)
Oh hey Skid Row. Saturday night and listening to old metal on WJRR. Livin' the dream.
i use ATMs (both stand and drive-thru). they have ones with multiple check depost, which is great.
can u follow me so I can respond to dm
THREE events now on sale at uconnalumni.com. #1 v. #2 #3 v. Providence!
I will give you an ancient map of the Holy Land for your office. And a new carving knife.
ah change ur password!!!
congrats on another healthy season.
Hula Hooping is good for you! Join Tracy Tingley in the Children's Room on Thursday, April 19th from 11:00a-12:00p for this fun workshop!
Need Some Morning IQ Hahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.Gone Adios.M.P.
RT DavidCruiseSF you would think would issue statement he is not OK with that being done in his name
what's good. Ucla jazz festival u should check it.
Who is your favorite rapper of all time twitter?
he should have gone after Mario Williams to help the DLine. A strong DE across from is needed
my daughter sold 110 boxes over the past month, so no thank you...enjoy them!!
wouldnt waste too much time, i'm a pink tooth brush was a far better song :-|
1/19/2011 Foursquare Growth: How's It Looking? Online Social Media
Aww, thanks, Pouya! When do you have some time to hang out?!
My mom is pissing me off.
www.worldchampionfans.com Get your banner or yard sign today and support United Way! and the SAINTS #TWODAT SEASON
Love the art in yourself, not yourself in the art
Interviewing Jeffrey Snover and Jason Helmick
i guess imma go to sleep .. son !
Hello Big D! I'm here packer fans!
Wait, they have Walking Dead parties? RT : I want to organize DOCTOR WHO parties in town, like does for WALKING DEAD.
yo cuz im coming to the city today wassup if u give you bread can yo bring me some why not and soberlife tees to my gmom crib
per my previous tweet let me know if you need details. This was a sad sight for many to witness.
is wishing everyone a fun and relaxing Labor Day weekend
How much longer until spring training starts?
College Football Prediction Early Game: Vandy @ Florida; Florida -13.5 and the over +44.5
My cat just sneezed, he's so cute.
Happy Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! What are you doing to celebrate?
Christine O'donnell () said the thing she likes about Romney is he's been so consistent ever since he changed his mind. Ah.
Looking forward to working with you!! RT fab meeting with great clients and Devin from !
Figured I would tell you since you helped me some of the essays on the Slaughterhouse Cases and Lochner haha
I will admit it: is my guilty pleasure! And I bet many of you would agree! ;-)
does he want to be a legend or a mercenary, does he want a statue, or a medal?
i need more followers twitter
Kiss my assssssssssssssssssssssssetts!
Gettin my hair done tomorrow after school.(:
thank god summer is shot this year #NoTwoADays .
: watching ur pie/plate debate & smiling! Here's something:way up here on Lake Ontario,people say "Chai - Lie" instead of chili
#CONV11 what about product placements as a revenue stream?
So are we!
is filling out ESRB ratings forms...
Just got home from a reaaaaallly long walk.
Always feel the same way, my mom is frm AZ too! RT: Din w/ my mom before she heads back to AZ tomorrow :(
Whoo-hoo loving today! We are busy-busy-busy! With over a thousand dresses to choose from...come see us! Open until 6!
HE IS WHO WE THOUGHT HE WAS!
Patriots have this well in hand, yet losing turn over battle 2-0 (i count missed FG as TO) Just an interesting note.
You took a wrong turn at the Twilight Zone.
sux I gotta go back 50 years to have bragging rights
Getting in bed, testing the person you wish was there with you.
what a great night, a #script of mine is advancing to the next round! love
whats good? Do you have Model Mayhem, or anything people can see you?
I love acting. It is so much more real than life.
The things that have been on twitter and facebook all day have been prom and the avengers movie.
you dropped by my table at Star last Friday;didn't quite "meet" you but am amazed by your ripple effect. Your friend find an asst?
Don�t be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people�s thinking
GoGo Gomez is De De Dealing
I'm good. & I'm slightly confused with the meaning of "Jacksonera" lol & Yeah I have 1 but don't use it much.
I have a 910 too. I haven't seen that message...yet...
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement saw palmetto & ginseng
I can't be hungry again :/ bring on the tea. Where's my butler?
Did U kno: We love performing so much we use ALL of the time allowed by WGI? We don't leave U until we have to!
when can i get in the lab bra hopefully b 4 the the 15th i got a song im doin for a mixtape thats dropping on that date
Hanging at the Arizona Inn waiting for the presentation to start. Such a gorgeous hotel, and always good food.
#sugarrush on Wednesday!
Even Pilates, which was founded around the turn of the last century, has been a mainstay of workouts for at least a decade...
hahaha! I know! But now it's freezing!
Morning all. It is cold out. That is all.
that's better. in my mind, we're engaged now and i'm planning our wedding. kristen will understand ... in time.
not at all. 76ers wouldve been easier, but they don't want to play the Heat either. They're tanking.
i don't know what they drink but they do drunk drive golf carts into parked police cars.
Well then... Game on! Unless it tastes bad... In that case, take three shots first. After that, everything tastes okay.
I want my mommy!
Cabs in LA are buuuuullshit
“Don’t worry about how things might turn out
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY WEEK! YAY!
Happy Fourth of July!
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!! Love you selena! (Hope you PLEASE bring along with u! ;) lol
“: If I talk to you on the phone and answer all your texts, just know that's not the usual.” !!!!!!!!
I don't like that you don't feel good! Rest lots and feel after soon! Love you!
"Thats How You Wear The Shoes!!"
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to seeing your work.
Post your years of marriage please! Mine is 32 years ...33 on August 4th! He is my best friend. :)
It's Arne Duncan bruh. Andre's his Black cousin. LOL RT : Never tell yourself NO!!!-Secretary of Ed Andre Duncan @
Figures, the one time I want to eat late at night---nothing is open.
did u get my dm's yet?:)
Watching #BehindTheMusic and looked the same at 18 as he now does at 38.
Worried in what direction? Too dry?
So sleepy. Need a nap.
Dear neighbor kids. Isnt it past your bed time? If not, #Stfu high schoolers need more sleep then 4th graders. Merp
Talk that talk yea i know im such a show off
Yep! Not giving up. Not by a long shot. :-)
Today in 1974, Richard Nixon refuses to turn over taped recordings and documents subpoenaed by the Senate Watergate Committee.
ok, haha poor her
Just had my little people fix: kindergartners + music (always) = Tons of Fun!
#wendywilliams #brianwhite proud my bro is a dartmouth alum too! Let's elevate the image ladies!
you are so amazing!!!:)
Oh hi The Agony Scene
Y'all ALWAYS knock my socks off
can't wait to listen best part of my morning is listening to you guys
it was a pleasure meeting you, I'm glad to be seeing you more here in baltimore!
rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30
If u can't spell but have something to say just keep saying shit and let the smart underachievers correct you
Where can I listen to the Dynamo / Crew game online?
I think you would like it. I'm not sure if I did though. Haha.
ah!That sucks /: btw where do you live?(:
Topical vs. IM testosterone. Which do you prescribe your patients who need it?
Ok, this hurts.
aw sorry we didnt see u! Happy Easter other brother. Miss u!
Looking for the perfect Valentine's Week date night? Check out #MySinatra with your significant other!
If you have guilt, fear and insecurity over money or success or anything else, these are reflections as basic aspects of your personality.
seen them live?
lol i found someone old enough to go with.
Just introduced the kids to ET. Holds up so well--they loved it. Still teary. Be good...
I'm going to try!
U guys were awesome! RT : Thank You for the RTs and support of our #RingItOn campaign.
what u doing
GBV is a real issue in many countries that are emerging from conflict
God. :) How is life???? Maybe we should work together?
were way overdue for a good sloppyy nightt
RT : Thinking I need to order my armbands from - you should too www.mourn4.com. Black Sunday is coming to Lambeau!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Fiction Thriller-Pirates & Cartels by Lee & Vista Boyland - Silver
what's the link...POOF!!!
Just need two more followers to reach 4,000? Who is going to be the City's 4,000th follower?
Just checked out your website, Stephanie. Awesome! Thanks for the info. Looking forward to checking back regularly.
Y project crap that hasn't even happened & probably won't? Lies said loud & often enough unfortunately becomes the "truth"
I hate seeing the same people in the same places. I'm about to throw a party full of strangers and see how weird things get
RT : Famous Footwear is buy one get one half off. I can't believe Champs is shut down? That's sad.
Let me know how the online book read goes! I'd love to hear how parents respond to the material. Thanks!
It's Saturday. Rest and have some fun! :)
You guys are the best. Thanks for this!
I figured out what I did wrong. I selected a level that got me the original game but not the expansion. Or the promos :(
I call BS. #SocialAssasin RT Howie said the team could feasibly keep all four QBs that are on the roster.
RT If you had one shot, one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted...would you capture it, or let it slip?
My apologies to those RTs which I've had to rephrase due to the 140 characters...Brevity is a tough but fun challenge...your heart is there.
More international reaction "in the end foreign companies care about 1) skilled labor, 2) proximity to markets and 3) good infrastructure
So happy for for having her baby :)
What do men and clouds have in common? When both are not around it's a nice day!
Weird situation, as are most Met things. No offer because of Madoff, not lack of desiring the player. And hey, we won!
wow that was a bummer
nice work drafting a 2012 All-Star...yeah I said it.
Cool! Thanks for the feedback.
I felt the actual vaccine going in. DEAD 💀
breath taking. saved as a desktop pic. thanks
Thanks. It was a great lunch. Have a good weekend, and Happy Mother's Day!
From now on, if a job/internship description makes me laugh (intentionally), I'm applying for it.
...Drivers Education, so when you comin on vacation to the US
Daily Deal! Mention this add for 2 free additional UV sessions, added on to any purchase of 5 or 10!
Still haven't seen Project X
Purdue 57, High Point 57. Three and change to play. Big Ten Network.
“In life, you’re going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used but you have to decide who’s worth your tears and who’s not."
McNally says tapping strategic oil stockpiles to bring down prices would be "deeply unwise and counterproductive."
she wasn't recording though :/ just sitting there all -____-
Today's PR 3.0 shoots into for social networking discussion, Pop-A-Shot & adult beverages at 4 p.m. Be there for the assist.
A Lot Of Help
Omg I've never favorited and retweeted so many tweets from a user in such a short time span than I have with
I know, shit sucks though....first girl I've "ACTUALLY" loved since my divorce...and I left friends n family cuz of it
no i have finals packets they take forever its everything we learned-.-
Q3. What education is best for a career in #travel?
This has been such a good week for me. I've been in a good mood like all week and I'm so happy :]
While last night's loss added more salt to the wound, they'll eventually turn it around. Season's young & plenty of football to be played.
Im serious lets go there instead of fridays.
It's always his fault.
< Hi, thanks for following me!
One game down, one game to go
Have some companies or brands you're close with that would be perfect for us at ? Tweet to me. I'd love your opinions!
I mean I like to debate sports. It's MY JOB! I get paid and I don't do it as brash as people on here. I'm not #TeamSpurs ....
Brinkley for a 7 yard gain, short of the first.
Congratulations on the great rating!
Small boobs, BIG bum > big boobs, small bum
If the Dip Dog stand had veggie dogs or its ilk (even Ben's Chili Bowl does!), we would drive down there immediately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!! :D
I hate cover letters and resumes. Why can't they just see how awesome we are and hire us?
Thanks, I really appreciate that :')
Thanks for the #FF!
thank you.
And watch Austream at the same time
thank u I most def will! Back on sat. Girl we need to find good Persian food when I get back! :)
I've got the late night munchies, so I'm breaking out the Broadcast Club meeting pizza.
is it cool for guys to actually try and make themselves look ugly nowadays? I don't understand it lol don't. Its not cool.
": SERIOUSLY!! And it would be our Faith Tab Youth!!!" hahaha what a burn!
Show is so detailed it haunts my dreams.
Gotta love how KSDK doesn't even try to present a neutral POV in that article.
Looking to buy Phoenix Suns playoff tickets. I need at least 2. Send me a direct message if you are selling
Be content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.LaoTzu
Breaking my glasses is not a good way to start the day. Ugh.
talking to someone everyday and then just stopping sucks 👎😔
AK-47 , wit the shoulder brace !
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. Peter Ustinov
I know what pictures you want. Lmao
lisa lampanelli on celebrity apprentice. she's just mean and awful. it's a total bummer to see her act the way she's acted:(
wow i had to go through many e mails to find which one i open this account with to change ny pass word, we should write it all down, good am
Merry christmas and you should follow me that would be so cool!(: MERRY CHRISTMAS!(:<3
Henry Clay Estate, any of the stone fences, Wisenberger Mill, eat at Wallace Station, then distillery tours
Thanks restaurants for getting your apps/menus in by deadline! We will be contacting you soon to confirm if you are approved!
I take back my last comment. Her other videos are much lamer. Self-esteem restored!
Let the #debauchery begin at for #stpattysday! Text FREE to 35350 for a chance at prizes from Mo's & ! See you there!
Singing Joni Mitchell into my yogurt. I am such a woman.
#geeked to be in Indy for race weekend!
what if I don't meet u ever? D: will u meet me in heaveeenn? :)
RT : This year is going by So friggin fast!!! Slow down...
good looking fellows, if only the spoke as well as they looked
That's what I thought.
first dip of the season
how many like to watch teen wolf or work as to be a person in teen wolf i knew that dylan o brien and tyler posey work in teen wolf
Thank you! RT : great to see #PRSMS trending in Milwaukee today .... is blowing this one out.
Our law firm is here to help you resolve your legal issues. Call us at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation today!
eating the tofu that my sister and her friends made, is that #twitterworthy?
Steve...fucking....Blake. 5 trey bombs.
Yes - details soon“: are you doing the CMA Fest again this year? I wasn't able to come to last years signing”
play somebody? lol
Happy birthday to Sidney Bechet, jazz composer, saxophonist & clarinetist, who was born in New Orleans today in 1897.
I miss u 2 Danni ... I'll be back Asap . Enjoy your day & Get to work. Oh!Sorry to disappoint u but you will never become a 
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own. - Arthur Schopenhauer
mindless behavior
Must be that K-9 instinct!
if Smoak can't lay off a 2-2 sinker he won't last in MLB.
Oh your name's metta worldpeace? Aw.
: if you ever come back to #Chicago let's do a glitter photoshoot ^_^ I already gotz hair and makeup peeps ready
I love 24 tech support. A special thanks for helping me FINALLY get this project LIVE!
damn homie! Keep it goin my g!
9:30pm. and there? btw, i got tweet limit on that account
Just ate at the new Take Five Greek restaurant, yum! The side salad was very fresh and flavorful and the sampler plate was great.
#ilovethesouthbecause the pretty waitress calls me baby.
Str8 Truth/GrownFolksMusiq @ Club 500 tonight. Let's get it in Naptown
Today's the day! See you at 8pm at the Moore Theatre!
In case you hadn't heard, tonight's masquerade ball has unfortunately been cancelled. We are sincerely sorry for this disappointing news!
Thank you for the follow! Have a lovely weekend! :)
yes :) can't wait
LOL, 2/3 of #12NTCfrank crowd say they have nothing to do with volunteer mgmt in their work. YET! Welcome to the future, y'all.
If you have the determination and drive to accomplish great things. It can be done.
Let me know what u think of it. #Amreading "Imagine" & feeling all fascinated/intrigued. :-))
“The tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.” ~ Benjamin Mays
can you follow me for my cousin bday gift? (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE JUST LOVES YOu AND WOULD be happy if you follow me :)
yup! When?
Goodnight world, hello Budweiser!
whats a paper?
Please find me downstairs I'd love to help!
I'm fancy when I buy a Starbucks at Cinemark 22 Im just like "haha the rest of you bitches got fountain drinks! I got Starbucks BITCH"
Special day to you dear. Continue the parenting and striving for greatness
They won't hate advertising in the metro as much as they hate the metro itself.
T3: It may be more of a "must" if social media reached everyone, but it doesn't. No medium reaches everyone.
At the Casting Office sippin on some beer
aint shit my G lol sup wit you how did that test/interview go??
#thatdaywhen no matter what a person says, you just want to hit them in the mouth.
Surprise road trip to jakes. :) i love this
I am now 2 lbs away from my college weight (after I gained the Freshman 15) So I am thrilled but want to go at least 5 more. Can't do 15!
After 30 years of HIV/AIDS fear and ignorance run rampant, no wonder rate of infection has not decreased in 30 yrs.
Phil Mickelson just hit such a crazy shot.
Being bipolar iis no joke.
But I'm young enough that the big singles from Bush and from Hootie and the Blowfish make me feel kind of happy.
What a beautiful day!
Heat Index 112 = Disco Inferno
Yes, perhaps, but at least we have the right to say so.
RT: lol that was tmi :)I took a pic if you want to see it
i love you zain marry me <3
also, food consists of peanuts and chips. I'm hatching a plan to remedy this. Want me to sneak you in?
My mom had me as a teenager she could of done anything she wanted with me. But she kept me and raised me. I love and respect her for that.<3
I can't sleep... Im about to o.d on some Nyquil in a minute ... Why aren't u sleep
My pleasure--> re Thanks for RTs/mentions!
have a good week!
Somebody text me.
it definitely looked/sounded original - and compelling
she breached her contract by getting exposure in the video that was not part or authorized by Ru. Chow down at Chik-fil-a
2day we are writing our 1st exam paper english so I want a good luck frm u all
Well the game is getting out of hand and the Knicks are acting like they are ready to go home.
did u picture the way I said megabus?
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
Why are we not taught about the Bosnian War? Why did I have to learn about it from a movie?
Tom Brady restructures contract saving the #Patriots 7.2 mil on cap. This may lead to new Welker deal. Brady continues to be a team player
they usually do for this game. I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
Shan has such a hard time stating awake while driving. Never tired when she leaves or arrives. Might be time for a sleep test :/
or Warlock is dead... Was he a cross dresser?
Do you like smashing, pumpkins?
awl :^) I miss you to. . . But OMG what did you do! #badboy in my diddy voice
1/8 is not a trim size. It could be a spine width, perhaps, but typically I tell you the spine width, not the other way 'round.
Glad to be back in LA
we ask ourselves: what do people come to a library for? (not just books anymore - tons of other things)
Go CATS, streak ends today..and I need to get your autograph on that article in the paper
Jennings wasn't very good w/Colts. Much better with Bears. System or player?
This summer i pledge to eat a lot more before and after working out and drink NO soda or sweet tea.
I'll promise my dear I'll put nothing above ya
he came out with new music!
please please FOLLOW me I love you so much :)
It's ok though. Boston is just a tough city. Time to run Beckett out of town!
RT : Here's the thing...private airport screeners worked SO WELL before 9/11. They failed. So we don't go back.
you said it Demi. TV commercials are so ridiculous in various different ways nowadays where it's just flat out laughable. Not in a
Dear Unfollowers, I get it. You obviously can't handle seeing my swag all over your timeline.
I MISS YOU TOO!!! Love ya and hope I can see you soon!!!
saw ur new crossfit commercial tonight brah. Good stuff.
The only way you can be found, is that if you admit you're lost.
Mindless behavior need to get me
STAMPED~N~DIVAS ARE THE HOTTESET DIVAS THERE IS!!!!!
I got asked whats my favorite thing to do and I said eat, sleep, dance and go to house and eat her cheese :)
I want my christmas gifts right NOW :c
like an hour later!!!
Morning Rockstars! > He who knows most grieves most for wasted time. - Dante
Thanks for coming to #BmoreFail. Hope we'll catch up at the next event.
I really wish I had your number.. </3 but im probably invisable to you..
Nail club & Spa Salon is creative and innovative. Our customer like to come to us because we use new, comfortable stations and equipments.
#MeatlessSaturday just doesn't have the same ring to it.
the new one off exit four
RT : "Courage is an important part of leadership." Couldn't agree more
either way~ was it great??? Lol
My morning mirror told me: I won the 4square badge for "Sallow, slack flesh of an archivist and gamer in winter." Thanks #THATCamp #Games !
can i get a shout out get me to 200
Saving the new seasons of #NurseJackie & #TheBigC until after I turn in final grades
Cleaning up the mess from yesterday :D idk wht happen :))) should I remember.. I'm finding condoms everywhere lol
ugh who curz just ignore her then
Tired & productive week
Yep! The old Reunion Rowdies are so sad at the current day ticket holders (generally speaking, of course).
This is something. Thet test trayvon but neglected 2 test zimmerman.
RT : Today is National #DayonWriting! Stop by the Writing Center for candy and to tell us how...
@ reply us to let us know how your #cache search is going in PDX! :)
AND I CAN'T FUGGIN WAIT!!
Winner announced on Facebook. Check Facebook for our next giveaway there. Watch Twitter too for another chance to win!
heading to D65 meeting wish us luck
Have fun! ": : 2night Dirty Vegas @ Sole East “Mntk Acoustic Sunsets Series
Smart > Swag (looking at you )
Only 2 faceplants for at Hellgate. Read her report (1st woman, 4th overall and set a course record!)
I'm a ventriloquist
more things in the world should involve rainbow glitter! The world would be happier.
Hi there! I'm a summer of code fellowship applicant. Have fellows been selected for this year's program?
Follow back!
hey thanks for following!! hope to see you when we play at Alex's next! :)
Hey there! Thanks for the follow! Would love to hear more about your amenities! Perhaps we could help you with some exposure?
Nice shot Raul Ibanez go #Yankees !!!
TOFTB“: Reminiscing PSBP Need togo back ”
Made it home...excited to share at #FaithWV tomorrow about Honduras & Pharisee Part 3
31 days of Halloween!!;)
#RIPSparksForSelena u ever caused her to do this I hope u sleep every night with the shame knowing u r the reason 4 her suicide
Bad Nuze Brown the Mixtape coming soon hosted by Uncle Junebugg
I'm assuming because you're an honest guy, you included yourself within the drug addicts stat?
...I didn't: now I can't go back.
AF in XO overheard talking about hazing the pledges...learn to keep it on the dl, girl.
| Man would be 'otherwise.' That's the essence of the specifically human. ~ Antonio Machado
what to do in phx on a sat. night?!=P
slept through first period. again.
Yeah, us dinosaurs are still around! :-)
Never really listened to Emmure before tonight. These guys are pretty good!
I know! I still miss the Avalon. All we are going to have left are a bunch of boring massive chains.
How are you comparing Apple and Facebook? Apple isn't anything like FB (and vice versa). We're discussing FB here.
So, I just went and saw Titanic 3D. Most stressful 3 and a half hours of my life. Why did no one warn me that the ship sinks?
You might be on to something. We could start a dating service for Undead Singles.
just wondering! ;' Haha!
he is stunning :)
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Sound check at
Political rows, regional tension impair business - Chicago Tribune
And of course I spell 'appreciate' wrong when I correct you! Thx for the response. Lookin forward to seeing you again on SC!
. You are welcome. Can we count on your vote this #Nov8?
Good Morning Twitter :) Can I get some bbk?
we're on the same page! haha
Snickerdoodle cookies :D
The thing that erks me the most is when people invite themselves to your plans gets on my f*ckin nerves>:/
Congrats on the early start!
I may have a near genius IQ, but with some things, I still just shake my head and really don't understand why people do and react to things.
Happy Opening Day!
No work till next year!
Driving test tomorrow.. Gotta practice everything I need to know!
Wow, I totally disagree. Lots of great artists, many that aim right at the heart of their main fundraising demographic.
“: lol get lost!!” ok gettin lost
Happy new year to you too.
Next on the , shares his thoughts on the biggest topics around the young Major League Baseball season.
just write them off simply because "there is nothing new under the sun."
yeahh i know lol.=] his twitter is iconicholicious or sumtin like that
Fuck it. My dad truely don't care what I want to do. I give up. I don't wanna do stupid school cheer I want to do competitive
Love God and Pray you can get over any problem
Damn math hw, why we gotta do so many of the same problems, IGETIT!
Wtf is Hand Foot Mouth Disease.
I know hell. I've been to a martini bar across the street from a Southern university on open mic night.
It did seem like a strange thing to include novelists on his list. In America we have a conspiracy of poet-philosophers...
Good luck to all of our amateur dancers competing at the Manhattan Amateur Classic this weekend! We're rooting for you!
Even Zuckerberg knows we've made mistakes w #Facebook privacy settings. End goal is always trying our best to make it simple.-
Happy hour is happier! Now late night specials daily 10pm-close at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill. (daily happy hour still 5-7pm too)
One wind chime is soothing. 100 wind chimes are just psychotic.
my least favorite thing to do in teh world: writing scripts for lectures that will be shot on green screen; next least fav: recording them.
QOtD" I just found a breathalyzer tube in my work bag" The LYZER strikes again! Great Purchase.
It's a kind of night.
hell yeah ;)
I waited up for mcdonalds
Exciting news about book updates! Need to start sending you thoughts. wanted to check if you'd had a chance to watch NGLB :)
Teaming up with our friends at for an October screening of Nénette. Check out the new app on their website: at www.redapes.org.
Take your time! RT : Still in Manhattan,, back in LA for radio on Saturday night, great night with good friends in NYC!
Happy 88th Birthday Grandpa Hank, you are dearly missed
Can't wait to eat this dinner in the oven after I smoke !
does anyone have a MyMathLab access code they won't or haven't used?
who did u do that??plz tell me
FYI RT : . is an interesting look back. Account is live tweeting the riots as they happened 20 years ago
aw!!! <3 I'm glad you're better
listening to Every Avenue's cover of Eddie Money's song "Take Me Home Tonight", love Punk Goes Classic Rock <3
Lets just agree that both should play. Lol the TnT boys will help keep the team moving forward
Happy New Year everyone! Here's to wonderful things in #2012!
So somehow,when my fone was in my pocket,it opended Twitter and clicked spa
HAHAHAHAHA yes! Finally. Very proud sissy. He's a beauty.
�The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Three. I had three martinis. It's less impressive when I have to spell it out like this.
27 days until graduation. 61 days until my 18th birthday.
Do you plan on getting thrown out of any more games this season?
Just finished the last talk of Border War Conf titled "The Border War Goes to College." Great finish to a tremendous Conf.
What's good homie if u got somethin we can get on let me know asap
It's depressing how unremarkable it is to use the word "consumer" in place of "citizen," "American," "person."
Workout kicked my butt this morning. Doesn't help that I am still sore from tripping and falling down the stairs on Sunday
I believe there was some sort of broo-ha-ha over this phrase, but truth is, I am ready for some football!!
Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot!
#instantfollow Kurt Sutter uploaded Grandsons of Anarchy
When & why did Chris Bosh bashing become an internet meme?
dude I'm glad u said it cause I was sho buff thinkin it. WTH was the point of that whack video?
Thank You.. you"re a very talented photographer:)
don't beat yourself up, atima lol. you want to do well in all your exploits, that's okay :D
working hard to bring back this season now that i'm an owner. We got Robin, so we need batman!!!!
um whts with the faces ???
Wish I could go outta town for memorial day weekend 
he must take that from his older brother.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"i gotta oww we"....bitch yu hurt ya self!
Congratulations to Shivani and Josh! We hope you enjoy your wedding reception tomorrow night!! We'll be serving up "The Finest"!
LOL. The costumes were good, but the story argument was like a Hanna Barbera cartoon.
what should matter about someone is the person they are.. not their occupation, the money they have, or the things they own
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
Thanks all for attending
What about a foreign accent? ;-)
Happy Sunday!! Kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!
I cant stand him. But I'd take Brett Favre in his prime over anyone.
#HowAboutWe skip all the bs and be honest with each other.
Oh cool!!
I could bring my badge from and be the #OfficialTweeter like at #ZestNZing! haha
And I can't find my wallet. Wow.
Please enlighten me or entertain me with your tweets. Whatever else you are selling, I'm not buying.
This! RT : In my experience Ive found you can enjoy things as long as you make up your mind to do so
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
YES!!! WHERE HAVE U BEE. OBVZ THAT'S OUR NEW THEME SONG.
LOLOLOLOLOL I just want to indirect tweet the fuck out of how stupid you just sounded.
I'm reading my 7th graders' book recs by the end of the year & then will rec books to them. The Stand is 1100 pages! Better get crackin'.
Moving sucks -__-
RT At 33 #Julia was walking on a beach with Obama. These footprints mark where he carried her.
I am watching the news at the airport. Anybody have that dogfight app?
...I'm Praying for you bro!
I love you and we need to talk more... :)
Good to be out of Iraq. Now cut the defense budget! If we cut it by 43% like proposes, it's the same as the 2003 budget!
Ray Bans, yes I need a pair asap.
Thank you!
My sister who is 19 just said "there are things I like better like " And I said "What?!" And she said "What?"
If you're planning to attend our 2012 Candidate Interviews & live tweet, please use #CVChamber - thanks!
It's difficult to find the "right" group, but sometimes professional organzations' groups have more pro-based chats.
love his work.
money grubbers
"I'll Be Ok" and "I've Got You" are two of my favorite songs of all time. They're lyrics are perfect.
Shout Out To All The Rappers Who Shoots Music Videos With Cars & Cribs They Can't Even Afford!.
Argh, I just heard that Bodog is leaving the U.S. market by the end of this year. I have been killing that place since Black Friday.
My legs are asleep D: FUUUUUUUUUU
Of course it was!
Def not going out tonight. Considered it but just read some tweets that make me miss someone important to my life. Just me time tonight! :)
My dog seems to think I am a mountain to be climbed
Oye! will be performing at Pecan Street fest at 4PM today at the Red River Stage #Pecan Street Festival
thanks dear. I'll be wearing my old lady shoes today. We're thousands strong. :)
Boss Bitch and Ratchet are my two favorites off of
Everything happens for a reason<3 RiP Brian Cohan
We are playing Spokane Shock saturday
May this Valentine’s Day be filled with love, understanding, and contentment as you journey through life with those you hold dear.
I'm pretty sure hell has frozen over! Sometimes people will surprise the heck out of you!
U.S. Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster #tech earnings.
I like you... Point blank.
Woke up from nap--remembered it's the first of April--and was glad to find out I didn't dream #LCC2012!
She not shit lbs
OH in Meeting: 'What we have today (infrastructure) is like the Govt or Military. That wasn't a compliment for corp IT'
What is this May Day business? Why so many protests?
Happiest girl in the world.
me too thats why I cant wait tell the avengers come out. :-)
Old Town Alexandria's will move out of its Duke St. annex Sept. 1 and expand at the Madison annex location.
Is there a red-lined version?
Funny watching Beckett getting booed off mound at Fenway- Poor BobbyV! Lol! Bet he wish he never took that job!
Can always use good music
fa la la la, fire, ax ax ax
I'm going. Anyone else? RT : Colts' June 13 mandatory minicamp practice will be at Lucas Oil Stadium and free to the public.
Well I had a great day off today. Chuch choir-- then the beach-- then grill with neighbors.
I hope Ellis gets hit by a bus
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who say thy don't need a man to be happy, haha.
You should never turn off Akismet for 30+ minutes at a time unless you want to spend the next 30 minutes deleting spam.
Hawaii senator tours history in Dearborn
Of course bro, where you at?
Even though I'm probably not about to go to sleep, it feels so good to be getting off work!
Q Hef in the booth tonight...
people should know things are bad when a gallon of gas is higher than milk is
I'm So That Guy or I'm Not That Guy?
Just watched my our boy and the rest of the #AztecsBasketball butt fuck the #CalBears!!! We all owe those boys a beer!!!
is sicky so he made me theraflu
voted for u and this week.(:its gettig harder to choose between u four cause ur all so amazzing
Still loveing #koa #reckoning after 100+ hrs. My only wish? I'd like a glaive please! The NPCs made it look so good!
“: Too bad Mr. Rodgers may not play. Hello Matty Flynn!!”/I've never seen MF play b4. Rodgers is old news 2 me ;)
I think I need to borrow a stand mixer!
The best smile comes out with tears !
thanks for the RT, would love if you could reference us next time so we could know to thank you!!
when DorothyLucey stops acting silly for drama effect, she has really been very informative Kudos
Don't count Chone Figgins out so fast.
The bass on "You can't hurry love" is insane.
I normally don't have any issues. I've been a Comcast customer forever. But I worked in IT. No maintenance is scheduled mid-day.
thanks Melissa! Missing my middle daughter but her brother & sis are here. It'll be a great day. Merry Christmas!!
Hollywood girls are like Sahara girls... Nothing is what it seems! Lol! Watchin a doc on sahara desert! Resemblance is uncanny
The outsiders is my favourite and Ugh ponyboy and johnny are my LOVES
Oh yeah, you have a job. Dick Clark died RT : who died?
I can't wait photos on red Oscar carpet (?)
Hey Coco
I guess you have big pillows? For neck pillows, it should be small that is just enough to relax your neck and back.
your shirt will be done by tomorrow! I dyed it today! Hopefully it turned out haha :)
Twitter is the best way to express yourself
Reach for that 40!
"I love PBR, it tastes like blood." Yet again, another quote from a student in my PR class...
Avengers comes out this week. I'm excited. And now heading to bed
I was telling faculty the other day that's how I almost exclusively take confer. notes. Great for me, great for engaging others
Wait what chat can u givie me webcite??plz
Crap, I looked directly into supermoon. Take me away, blindness.
2 new cozies to knit today! I <3 summer vacay.
Really it should be the Lakers and heat fans saying #FuckOKC cause they the ones talking all the shit!.......Nobody cares about the celtics
sure thing.
or libs willing to come to socal?
Road tripping it to ATL with for madisons recital!
What did everyone think of our orange helmets in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl?
(He as in Laurinaitus)
btw i'm about to start running but i get lost a lot so probably just to like riverwind to geelan maybe trigg and back. lmao
me and my son Dominic want to wish u a happy birthday!!!
Would love if speakers at engineering conferences were as engaging and dynamic as those at #prsaicon Alas we may have a long way to go
I can not believe we let Alonso go! Another Hamilton flashback!
SB 5 up for final passage. Postponed until 1:59pm for third reading. Is this unusual?
My little brother just delivered a rough cut of the final piece of my short film, a seriously funky track for the ending.
L O L
I didn't think The Darkness was still around
So 92.3 is sports talk in Cleveland mow huh... I remember when that was the hip hop station..
Well there goes me sleeping in. Guess I'm supposed to be doing something.
With summer on the horizon and the pation now open, let us know what YOUR favorite ICE CREAM is!!
Tip #168: The mediocre coach tells. The good coach explains. The superior coach demonstrates. The great coach inspires.
They'd rather copy wht they see instead of coming up with something new.
I'd like to see a screenshot of twitter app. I bet he has 5000+ Mentions right now.
It's OFFicial LIVE*DOPE Performances 2nite @ Varsity Lounge 6311 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles,CA 90048 illiveMusic will be in the building !!
Students: Are you doing something awesome EMAC related (in class or not)? We want to know about it. Drop us a line!
I'm sure was thrilled to be photographed in front of that masterpiece of awkwardness!
But here's my number, so call me maybe...
holy cow. Take calls while watching the game.
if he waited to make babies with his wife, they would have the same house.
Co-learning roots to life long learning- #improv as a way to inspire digital literacy- communicating with a shared unknown Laugh!
Still gloating over winning back mayoral title of office from Don't wry, ull get it back soon! U always get here b4 me.
User:MinyardMercier382 - Print and Digital Research Forum Wiki
Gnite sleeping n my queen along that's fine too
Just interviewed Rob Machado. Pretty cool.
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet."
I love lascala lunches
I'm saying.
Rove says "I wouldn't compare (Barack Obama) to a pig" & Republicans must be respectful while trying to unseat president
That was the most painful flu shot ever.
is stalking me on Twitter.
is going to win the National Lottery this week. I know that because I'm going to spend $20 on tickets. That makes me confident.
RT #THATcamp An unconference is for everyone who comes, and there are lots of interests & levels of techiness represented
MA thesis had 71 downloads over the last two months. I'm surprised--that seems like a lot for such an obscure subject.
I can't imagine what would be worse... hydrochloric acid to the eye... or a chelsea bayern CL final...
now I know what's it's like being a phillies fan watching a team fall apart with injuries
judge denied request but authorities still investigating...
Morning ppl today feels like a wonderful day
What I wouldn't give to be playing softball right now
I can't wait either!
True that! Thank you for the RT!
"Live and let live". But your comments at times (while funny) are equally ignorant.
There ain't no future in your #frontin.. never was cuz.
I think that feature was released within the last week. I first saw it on :)
today was a great day(:
Dont ever let this girl pick the movie you go see for herself and 3 others! #BigTimeFail!!!
Feeling kind of meh on blogging lately. If interested in writing a guest post let me know! Possible topics: food, fitness, EDs, MDs, or more
not sure whivh #instagram is you. A.few of you pop up, im justrosystylin
Anyone know what is on fire on the east side of portland? east of 205 north of Powell?
#goripcity for hot wholesale NBA tix
First we had beautiful beach weather. Now the temp has dropped and we're wearing long socks again! Stupid weather. Stupid solar flare!!!
In china white collar wages are going down. Blue collar wages are going up.
Brewers and playoff hockey and basketball? Good thing its raining out because I'm not leaving the house
Is he a teepee-dwelling smiling public man?
Write specific cover letters and make sure to quantify your resume as much as you can towards whatever job U may be applying for
RT Ppl entertain the wrong things
Use our site FREE for any goal from "improve my social skills", "lose weight" to "redo my bedroom". www.iaminc.biz
Wishes she were a contestant on "Dance Your Ass Off". What? Don't judge me.
Been playing around with adobe premiere, Making this travel ad. so far so good. Love the design world.
Honored to have my article included in your list Patrick.
gotta love the five dollar footlong, homework time with the boy.
Watching LeVar Burton address #sxswedu. Our IS academic conferences need to step up!
that is a beautiful sweater!!! :D
Pretty sure I just finished a song I can't wait for y'all to hear!:)
thought I'd let you know I was sitting in the doctors office reading your tweets. Highlight of my day. Ahahaha.
Bowlers everywhere coming together to fight breast cancer - You guys are amazing! Thank you for all you do!
#everyblackneighborhood cops don't even enter
How is your day going Liz?
It was real
It looks like interpolated speech
just saw love Beatles circ in Vegas such memories great show I wonder tho if John would of approved
Goose Island BCBS and Jester King Black Metal on sale It'll go fast.
#NeverShouldYouEver tell someone "I love you" and not meant. Why play with someone's feelings? #
I seriously love you!!!!
Why is this man singing so loud like simmer down
Co-inquiry supports use of technology, STEM, and global learning too! Focus PD in this area.
Thank you, Mr. President!! That's all I have!
hope you're having a blast!
Saving for more than one goal? Keep separate #savings accounts. Use fee free accounts and setup
Niall : I'm not hot. Directioners : What ??? Liam : What ? Demi: What ? Obama : What ? Ireland : What? Aliens : What ?
It's 10:15pm on a Sat night and I wanna know: where are YOU enjoying The National Beer of Texas right now?
Welcomes Andrew Chin to the Board of Directors!
if i touched it she would have put it right back but wanted to see how long she would leave it and also take pix and laugh!
Karma water + vodka = Bad Karma
Thanks in advance - but knowing your schedule, those five minutes might take a while!
hey (: how was your day?
Passed the test now ready to get stoned
Paddle for a CURE-Fun Paddle June 30th, Winter Haven Park - 4600 S. Atlantic Ave., Ponce Inlet, Florida
Great to see you last week!!!
Im kind of glad I didnt date her. its obvious she's a fuck up and irresponsible. Dodged a bullet
Doing some marketing for our food drive December 1...Contact me for more info, and help make a difference for San Diego's hungry!
Damn with i could watch
Busy day in the Southern #Rhone today; 5 Domaine visits and 95 separate wines/blends tasted. Really liking 2010 & 2011...
both, mostly missions tho, im trying to beat it 100%
Get the herb rolled, lets relax!
the racket or the cabdriving?
Thank god it's Wednesday! Can't wait for my fix of Savage Love! Can always use a twisted laugh or two.
Omg Deena. I freaking love the Meatballs
Who's going to be in Philly for PLA? I want to see you!!!
thanks Danielle, you're so sweet <3
son las 23:48 y a ya ?
Only two more missions aboard the ACSV Borasis before Charlie Nielson calls it quits.
Illuminati fingerbolts of slash slash; Godhead cached; and I'm dashing; I'm dashing down gravel yards of Egyptian sparkle; born on breath.
yea, that's typical.. It's just frustrating after working an overnight
#FF my awesome comics friends: (new podcast!)
COCO LOUNGE GOIN DIZZOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT!!! ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP!!
Please tell me clumsiness is endearing.
It's going to be a good time! The Gentlemen of Texas Omicron will be providing the drinks, entertainment, & rides to the game.
Tonight! Show at the Triple Rock in Minneapolis, w/ and Triple Crossed . Doors at 5pm, we play at 5:30!!!
Laptop has crashed.. Blue screen... Gonna take it in... Too much data to trust my own skills to fix it...
Up here in Prattville filming a launch party for Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 with Kaylas Rentals. at GameStop
Throwing in the towel.
I just added a new blog post! NO RISK CREDIT REPAIR
What?!?! Was it not doing well with views?? I thought it was fairly popular. I'm about to be real in my feelings =(
Grover Cleveland
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. --George Bernard Shaw
#nowplaying No Scrubs 😜
#SaySomethin was flawless girl
Thinkin... Where would I be w/out GOD.....
thanks for the #ff round-up! :)
U wr gr8 2nite! Emotional nite? Y'all winners just take drose in yr heart! U won all year long I know y'all cn take ths!
Baby, you look WHOREfying. c':
You can't think decently if you don't want to hurt yourself--Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Where should I tell my friend to upload his mixtape? Datpiff? LiveMixtapes? Coast2CoastMixtapes? I dunno....
Is listening to 'The Psychology of Selling:The Art of Closing the Sale' by #briantracy on
You got at least one follower bc of {me}
I like Delta! Don't get me started on united and or continental, by far the worst airlines I've ever flown on
Yes, and eight breast implants. She was unrecognizable.
miss you lady! MC Baby Hair has been mooooooovinnnnn!!
My boyfriend stalks my twitter :p
I know Comic Book Men is just Pawn Stars for nerds but i liked it.
#tired ! It's too early to get up for school...
#BlackFriday shopping was crazy last night. Really happy that I went out though. Great deals and savings!
Word to that. Happy new year/decade, my good man.
Tru but what about the ones that do happen 2 hear voices in the mind n dnt know why n dnt understand it,like me.or am I crazy.?
i love you so much you are my idol and my ispiration you are beautiful and my new coulor of hair is red like you.......
go night night ;-). U will feel better. XO
Ridiculous play by D Wade and LBJ. Gotta love the allstar game
Thank you Design!
is the funniest ever of all time! No homo.
Thank you! : Will ask to take a look.
“: Next week is week 9. Thank you Lord!” 😓
nice! hope to make it out west for a show someday :)
Do not piss off the person making french toast. There is nothing worse than french toast blue balls.
Nice cool morning at Purdue!
glad to hear your like for much appreciated.
That Concert was Crazy today. So many people!
Fed up with Monday? Fill up with something more fun in ! $3 wells, $6.25 Guinness pints, 3-6pm!
Crazy for make ups.. Ahh wish i had so much money to buy all those.. ☺♥☑
good point.
I'm back in LA
The job fair begins 10am for veterans & military families at Compuware HQ in downtown #Detroit. Opens for general public 11am.
I dont think tweetergetter works either
RT RT : The sweat of success is failure. If you're not willing to get wet, you're not willing to succeed.~MJ DeMarco
Playing solo piano at the Arroyo Chop House tonight in Pasadena, 7-11pm.
send me your resume, we'll get you a job where you can plug your radio in!
You fucking kidding me
They gon love me for my ambition.
Please Follow Back! Thats My All Time Wish other than meeting you of course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
dare I ask how you know that's what they smell like?
Now strip off your clothes and take off your socks
Come on, let's be reasonable Bring Back Ringer
And he lives.downtown? thats where my crew at lol
Sometimes it's good to contrast what you like with something else. It makes you appreciate it even more.
MT : Sold out once again! Thank you all for your support & we REALLY hope to see you back here tomorrow!
Tough luck, bud. Come back to use stronger. Wishing you luck and a speedy recovery.
CBS is without a doubt praying as hard as they can for Points to make bogey here.
I always forget where he lives, Koreatown?
#ud11 #ala11 Breeding: RDA will have little impact on discovery.
I wish it was a 3 day weekend
I sleep i think yes c;
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
#datacite is fast on the RT, 3 in 1 minute on Moore Foundation's RFI for Data Intensive Science dis.ideascale.com
Music is math
what happened?!??!???!??!?!??? Did he break up with you?? Imma break his legs!
It turns to gases inside and floats.Wonder if u eat alot of beans you would float better?Or maybe be just like a jetski
Yessir, neat story - best of luck! RT glad you liked the story! Thanks!
<Happy thursday and have a great weekend!
Drunk inxgromy of my mom and she's laughing んな👍
Remember Also Double XP all weekend!
There's something that we have been trying to change in our lives but we continue to accept that as something we have to with!!THAT'S A LIE!
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
: Cool view!
I guess since twitter is having issues this would be a good time to meditate. See you in an hour-ish. Om Gum Ganapatayei Swaha
life's too short... to live it unhappy...
Warm burrata with spring onion, spicy tomato broth, lemon & grilled bread
Foreshadowing RT : Okay, if the defense allows a first down here, I will die of laughter.
the wave goodbye arrow shirts are the only 3XL i've seen on NIN stuff in 10+ years of selling NIN retail. :>)
Thanks, but I don't like the taste of spam.
im gonna go w/ the Brewers RT #Brewers fans, who do you think will win tomorrow's intrasquad game? The Brewers or the Brewers
So busy animating I forgot to get back to you with the announcement! well...
just kidding...coordinating a wedding this weekend. Have fun!
I ain't even know it was April fools otc til I hopped on twitter
Genetic Technologies (Nasdaq:GENE) receives CLIA certification for BREVAGen
": #Aries who haven't matured are very childish in nature."
so you creep?haha(I typed you name on my iPod and it changes to math 0.o)random..
Well G00g shut their's down. No need to compete.
Awesome thank you for voting!! you rock!
I though I was just going to relax today.. Until Daniel (my step-dad) made me go on a 10 mile bike ride. My. Legs. Hurt.
Royal farms!
Thx you guys! Plus for pulling me out of twitter dormancy. Have a good MLA.
#HockstarPresents Wants A Spot Too, Hit Us Up
You know my hearts a stereo it only beats for you 3>
Georgia field goal is no good! PREDS WIN!
My phone is faster, more capable & reliable than my ipad.
Haha lmao! We all know we're lesbian as fuck, can't deny that gingerhead ;) ♥
I dont have an attitude problem i just have a personality you can't handle
looking for ONE extra ticket to armory VERNISSAGE opening for a collector. Please direct message or email if you have one!
no surprise that i'm in a good mood; worked with and Apple this morning. great #customerservice driven businesses
NOGAYVIDPRDUCTIONS check us out on youtube rock ur socks off get out of my mind bitch
Thank you Lord for this beautiful Day!
haha it was so cool!
At the dentist again with a spazzing phone...
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
I was kidding!
you know what would help that shoulder pain? If you come up here and lick my butthole.
AWESOME. What does the little one think of the new little one?
Sell your books to BookHolders and you could win $1,000, Mortal combat, Portal 2, or other awesome prizes.
It's getting closer to 5pm... Maybe now people are starting to get excited!?
I look at the world thru a kings eyes
off top of my head, I'm sure I have others in the running
Some people just cant handle chi town.
#NowPlaying How Far is Heaven by Los Lonley boys...YouTube it..and Nomi has some new shoes and glasses girl...
Child shoves a peanut up her nose. Too bad you don't get much nutritional value that way...
Thanks for the link! Appreciate you keeping your eye on the issues facing homeless kids.
Came w/ speed through neutral zone and snapped it past Bryzgalov before he could even react.
the digital world helped sports fans as much as anybody. All you really need anymore is an internet connection. Isn't it cool!
so Y U NO talk to me anymore?! Miss you cb <3
Bad news: Reports of #SOPA's death premature. New deal may be struck. Markup will resume 12/21 in US House.
I wish my iPod could read my mind that way it would know what to play for what mood I'm in.
Experimenting with Greek yogurt today. Have some crazy stuff to mix it with!
duh! Fuck this Kim K shit!
Agreed. RT : Today we are very lucky to be talking
Now back to the microfilm, this time with a tasty chai to keep me awake :-)
Falling asleep to Disney movies and hearing the soft rain fall against my window and rooftop. Life is good. :)
There's Sometimes I Go Out & I look Across the Water...
I have to say that I am pretty glad they decided to save you! You are extremely good!
Remember almost everything is $2 on Tuesday! Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny.. you name it and it's yours for $2
Questions of the day? Star Wars or Star Trek? P-nut butter or jelly? Post or Point? Pepsi or Coke? Yankees or the field?
Michelle Obama is the Belle of the Ball at Kennedy Center Honors When it comes to style, Michelle Obama rarely gets it wrong, and she abs
I agree. Would you categorize Chris Johnson as an Al Davis guy, btw?
Good morning and have a glovely day.
This nigga stripped to his drawls and came in room dancing .__. lol
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Armstrong discussing X-15 touchdown speed around 200 knots. Speedy little stubby-winged brick!
please follow me??????
~Justin follows me~ RT if you want 10 DMs to him<><>
i love you too! i cant wait to see u monday too! :]
Buffalo Bills top pick CB Stephon Gilmore long ago had vivid dreams of NFL ... - Washington Post
Target your social media posts to your audience. Keep on-topic & save things like baby pictures & vacation plans for your personal pages.
Light eyes and blonde hair are a plus.....but a great smile and personality should be a must.
WOO HOO! Stoked for you!! and I were just talking about rides to sign up for this weekend.
Rolling through NYC gives energy like no other. Two meetings down and one to go before noon. Getting it done!
I believe in the 20%! You'll do fine – that's why you're a member of the EduCon Conference Services team :)
nsn dvd is the BEST follow? RT? Answer me? I love u!!!! MAY*MY*B-DAY!!!! <3
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 70
I'm not calling for a second chance, I'm screaming at the top of my voice.
Yea, bit is growing as well. Can't imagine what we'd be using 30 yrs down the road!
rain or shine tomorrow AM??
So happy I caught Charlie Rose's interview with Bill Nighy tonight. If you get a chance, watch it. Nighy LOVES Dylan and Van Morrison - cool
My brother is the only guy I can count on
- My take away is always that is you want to work with the best people then you need to be an expert and a great fan
Maybe you should stop inviting me to weddings.
Of course a cookbook will have video
I wish Someone would quit being scary in play me in madden.....
#sdmayornp Lewis: where do we draw the line? Filner: priorities. Fletcher: some issues cross boundaries, solve those with philanthropy.
Worst news ever!
Biebers In Vancover? That's Not Far From Here! :)
Thanks Michelle! I'm excited... two passions; food and healing
Q2) Who, in terms of job types and experience levels, can use Viralheat?
BECAUSE I TOLD HER I BAWLED MY FACE OFF.
#failure #failure #failure yep that's you!
How did you ever guess?! Nice work! RT lime green? cc:
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
Comedian Josh Blue from Last Comic Standing just came in to FastFrame of LoDo to do some framing!
Glow in the dark dunk? Boring!!!
Ok let me get this straight. I cd have as many txt msgs saved as I wanted on OS4 but OS5 can't handle it so I can't receive txt? Wow!
thank u homiee.
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect skim boarding weather.
Agreed. Even if Marion is doing it. Some guy died planking on a 7 story balcony.
Don't look back...but make sure to look sideways sometimes!
Met the guys from Rogue Shard Design (). Nice guys, and some cool stuff on their reel.
HELL yea
already bro
Happy #FF! Have a great weekend!
I'm on my SNB right now. Watch out fashion week. Key: (Satisfied nigga bullshit)
You stare at your self at day in the mirror it doesn't mean you know who you are. -Tony D.
Kurt Vonnegut~ We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Vivane! TY so much for that wonderful write-up! You distilled the story into an engaging post w/great tasting notes. Cheers!
Everybody's famous in a small town, but one day, I'll be famous in a big town!
Happy Halloween to the cast, crew and supporters of ODD BRODSKY!!
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow. I wanna stay home chill!
hell yea bomb weed n palm trees. b n atl next month f wit me
Woo! Donald! Cc
Less than 24hours til #RedState Seattle advance screening at McCaw Hall plus Q&A with !! I can't wait to witness the magic
If Isaiah Thomas played for the Knicks, I guarantee you he would of been higher in the ROY voting
Nice, lol that made me laugh :-)
Good energy rules! RT : Its a new day, yesterday is only memories now, its the past, move on forward and stay positive.
totally!! she wanted all 3 of them
DID YOU KNOW?! "Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles!" Soy strong! YOU'RE WELCOME
And we have the BEST minds on our side for marketing!
sometimes actions speak louder than words, hence the reason i prefer to punch you in the face instead of talking it out
color scheme... burnt orange & chocolate brown...
HAHA, or maybe it's the 2:30am start to my day (I'm still living in NYC time)
hands r cute show me your hands
Good morning! Did you make a mobile purchase this weekend?
Mr Gervais was darling. He speaks his mind, while clouding it with free cocktails. He's like a male Paul Lynde.
SUPER fun. let's cover more of that album!
Someone take me to the beach!
"If your love was all I had, in this life, that would be enough, till the end of time..cause I'm gonna love u girl, till the end of time!!!"
BIKE FIXED! much thanks to Johnny Sprockets for dealing with my beginner biker questions...
Trader joes makes me feel like a girl shopping for shoes
One of many awesome things about - stacks of baskets randomly placed around stores. Brilliant.
Is Charles Jenkins for real? Having quite the game.
yum! Wat kind? And nm playing temple run
How would your parents describe you?
if there is one thing i cant stand it's "Insult To Injury"......Blah
Reagan told me to follow you haha
As if enough NY players haven't already torn their ACLs lately! Jeez
Trying to get to "everyone" will get you to "no one."
Ugly ass girl lol
Love the dads sniffing baby butt commercial.
I SMOKE LOUD THO I DONT SMOKE NO REGULAR !
Yeah Justin Bieber in trends
Listening to from Illinois! Waiting for (:
thanks for the feedback!
just heard that you're passing the torch. Is there truth to this?
So many elephants in the sky right now, not sure what to make of it!
Understood. Had to make that decision before. It was right, but boy it felt wrong.
Congratulations! Yahoo!
Thanks to all who came out this weekend for West Side Story, The Muppets or the Animated Oscar Nominated Shorts! This weekend is Live Action
Lol RT : I do feel u, but I had to respect the concept and sample. That song cold!
I don't know if this is right, but #WISN12 is trending right now, at least according to my twitter page...Hm
Hey twenties looking to be a fashion and/or #stylist/ assistant in #LA . Anybody know of openings?
Hate what you aint
I see what your saying. In my opinion, he's saying it doesn't change who he is (always moderate & an independent thinker) but...
Congrats to my #OhioU #Bobcats & everyone in #BobcatsNation on a fine season! We just keep getting stronger!
Heading back to Ch'ville in a while.
Frozen...went to wedding on Jacksonville Beach at Sunset...Brrrr.
Sure, but you need to follow me so I can DM you :) RT: DM me her name and we will reserve her ticket for
dont feel bad, nobody can keep up wit me. :) u n jax?
taking the kids hiking...will send some sketches and ideas when i get home
Ha! Yes! You're the best. Wish you were down here to join us tonight!
No. More. Advice. Columns. Please.
three garden tools...trifecta
I use
Be grateful for what you have, while in pursuit of what you want ~ Jim Rohn
That's some ugly bball...
So I still failed my apush test but ny % went up :)
It is World Vegetarian Week! Save Animals! Be healthy! Try new veggies!
Re-asking question from yesterday: Educators, would you strike in #solidarity with Chicago teachers? In support of REAL #publiced change?
#IHSMDC Awesome Event! Thank you and The speakers were great! Look forward to the next one.
in the single digits now.
Wine lovers unified! Raise your glasses! Thanks for the RT's
lets keep this hush hush, but i watched that crap
no not yet because I don't have a victorian collar:/ ideas? I want to though....
So far going to Atlanta, Seattle and Kentucky this summer :) stoked!!!!
How been sending tonnes of spam messages, (that I didn't know about). Just changed my password. Sorry to everyone....
Haha, thanks:) is that weird? if you read the link I mention that...
Definitely! Very excited to watch next round.
Happily wearing my earrings from Thankful for an amazing day!
skirt steaks marinated in soy and bbq sauce is like nothing I have ever tasted. I am pretty much veg now...but I fantasize
Breaking Nws: Soyuz FG rocket successfully launches with 2 Russians & 1 American crew in route for the Intl. Sp. Stn.
Thanks for the Friday shout out!!
