SCORE! :p
Dominican coins currency!
I remember the time when I was playing basketball one time: I was waiting for an inbound pass and got an elbow to the head. ...
shopping day w/ sister and nephew (:
hey girly. How are you? We should be twitter sistas, what do you say? Lol
Hardware cos want to be in Software, Software cos want to be in hardware! Google Heads-Up Display Glasses by Year's End:...
Strangely, you've tweeted something I completely agree with. Well said.
iknow all u spurs fans are hoping for another ring during this shortened season...#think again ,not gone happn heat king the james
I want to make love with you can I?
Can't even enjoy my date because I'm so upset with you... 😞😒
And I was invited???!
I knew all these years of spongebob would pay off
Just saw Christian Bale on the red carpet with Robin Roberts! His greatest performance tonite? Acting surprised during acceptance speech!
I'm people watching and saw three people wearing tails in the last 20 minutes. Not sure I dig that look.. Umm no thank you.
everytime I hear nirvana I miss seattle. :(
Wow my followers are being mean to me... :-(
Vincent it won mobile application development project from a u.k based church. So far we have delivered mobile apps related to streaming, s…
Death Cab for Cutie - You Are A Tourist is on my mind today.
She got hit by a car when she Wasn't jaywalking, but I've been the biggest advocate of crosswalks forever!
i've had plenty of those..
i love you so much.Thank you for existing.
I feel like taking pictures.
S/O Spring Will Go In!!! Styrofoam Rocket Ship!!! NASA Shit!!!
I didn't want tonight to end with
i suppose I am
B hasn't called me? Fucks on his skillet?
because the cellphone lines were jammed due to earthquake.
Um how come the one day I really wanna go to bamboozle I have like 3 things to do that day? Excuse your bad timing everyone
We are closed for the holiday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning to all and good luck to all.
He lives in Arizona. I never met him in person. Why do I feel this way?
At APLU learning about #highered role in aligning HE curricula with common core state standards.
August already?! Where did the summer go?
Wow, nice attitude, where'd you get it? "abercombie & bitch" ?(:
I could eat broccoli all day...I love it! lol
Richard, thanks for the shout out. Have a great holiday!
I plead the fifth on that one. I do, however, stand by my dislike of having her voice follow sufjan's "holy, holy, holy."
I can't wait either! Loved that show!
I think I may have to return to WFAN! Lol
I need to get better so I can put up numbers
Boise State shutting up UGA and all the SEC loudmouths tonight, proving they could compete for an SEC Championship year in and year out.
I know you moved past me, just the fact i still love you keeps you holding on.
Watch "The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"...
Diabolical gnomes with dark matter running through their veins ..? Pervert;p
Swiss cheese crepes and a sausage! Good breakfast, after a sweet evening ride out to the numbers, checking locations. MKE. Life rules.
Hope 2 meet u at the M&G on the 13.
Your custom videos would be a great reward and project on Use it to pre/up-sell
Big thanks to and for a great interview at #DSE2012 yesterday.
When a person appears in your dreams, that person misses you.
600+ more traffic accidents occur in WV after #Nascar races (typically 5 days) #massmediaexposure via on
I just added a second filter to the per-note signal chain. Now my synth can talk! It's saying "Yoyoyoyoyoy! "
At Boeing field watching the blue angels!
The humidity is starting to decrease! Oh happy day!
i boarded 25 min ahead and they were acting like i had 1 min to spare. super weird
I was thinking there needs to be an SKC scrub hat or at least a patch so we can make our own
I have no friends in Dylans blog right now. ):
Happy #ChocolateWeek! Don't forget to #wax!
Turninnnnnn up son
happy to follow!
Harry, you know better than that. Ignore him.
stopped my diet today to enjoy this food 
Oracle Engineered Systems Power CISDI to Establish Cloud Computing Platform
Back from the snow! I repped a different #spirithood each day :) Lake Tahoe needs more SpiritHoods!
Miracles and Modern Madness!
Has anyone had "Admiral" Stache yet?
Bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo
i have no clue what ur just tweeted me.. Lol
The crux of this argument is why is one the favorite and one the best? To you personally.
I need a shot 
I'm with your hubby on this one :)
A5: Get noticed by the people who matter most.
Went out last night and they played Damn D - Love Me!!! Haha
S/O to u
That's my hope : Tebow will be back as a back up to Peyton. He will be a starter for the Broncos in 3 years.
switching out my closet - i like my warm weather clothes way more.
For Neuro recovery Yawning till tears in eyes helps voice/swallow & may stop drooling
Where is the sign up sheet? Where we going?
Word up! What were they promoting?
this is me replying to your tweet :D
Finally has Zotero standalone alpha playing nice with Chrome.
If you want to pre-order a shirt and get FREE stuff you will have until next Wednesday at midnight to pre-order! :D Shirt+Bracelet+Surprises
The Champ is Here!
oxygen rush. I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 7'55"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
i cant answer ur question unless you follow me! It Wont Let Me Send You A Massage
My 4 year old cousin in here having a convo with me like she a grown woman.! Don't make #NOSENSE.!
Snow storm in October 70 degrees in November?
the loveable, huggable imperfectly me tweet
Have cranes come in?
“: Love this!-In life's journey, you're either climbing, camping, or you are coming down the mountain. #keepclimbing” So true xo
There ain't no way we cliccin up if I wasn't with you when I was broke,And if we was cool and you fucced that up we'll neva be cool nomo
IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH IF AMAZING U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE UR SO AMAZING SO PROUND OF U AND UR SOO ADORABLE <333333
Thank you. My niece and I were just talking about our problems with iTunes sync. Sometimes feel as if we're the only ones.
#indiewview a4: Yes my ND husband claims those Kansans and Neb's have it far worse because of the lower temp
You are dumb. You are really dumb. You can go and tell that! Homeboy!
Miz lost. Not surprised. Star is falling fast. It's a shame too
Larry Mccarren just heard some fans saying"Kuhn...Kuhn...Kuhn..
MY NIGGGGGA :D
#whitelions on nature on followed by #deadliesttornadoes on nova. whats up
Oh, HOWEVER, if it is CLOUDY, how DO we find the NORTH STAR? Hm...
Are you watching Family Guy, too?
We're recruiting. Send pic and res to
no worries just needs to put it back up!! lol
Thank you for your blog, I have learned so much !
#iew #gilman for US students and opportunity for internat'l students increases diversity of study abroad and access to educational exchange
that's the most common used cop out to avoid the discomfort of talking about slavery and i hate it smh
So im takin a extra day to work tomorrow....moe $$$$moe$$$$
time to open up at the mall =D
I'm always trying to act like nothing's wrong; but in actuality, I'm a fucking train wreck.
Everybody chill. Obama's got this.
Hey, headach any better? ": Can't shake this headache.....feel awful"
hao do u do?
What does that look like for you day to day?
Happy Birthday! 60 years doesn't come easy...it's your top notch style and consistant quality that has brought you this far.
Thanks for the follow! Love the harmonies!
I am to done... Back on Twitter.
You To Have S Good Day.!! -New Twitter Follower
People that sanctuate! MUST be fans of The Terminator movies...Everyone keeps saying "I'll be back."
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
sounds great Deb, just left you a reply ;) Cheers!
it's been a blast this weekend and it only gona get better look at all my new pictures ;D
S/o 2 the big homie
We don't do anything in the Spring. We just bring them back for a few days before the 1st session in the summer to train.
power out?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Brian Boyle ♥
Hey boys, read 's tweets and take notes.. Maybe you'll actually pick up a classy girl.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen its obvious you tweet from your $10 phone al the time :p
I'm over here watching these Ethiopians argue lol
The heat is on
Looking like a nap, how u
Jammin out to some of this new playlist doin me some good today
Good luck! That would be great.
La plus belle <3
I feed 1 wife, 2 kids, 3 dogs, 1 fish, 1 lizard (new addition) and my wife says I have to feed the crickets he eats
There's A Difference Between What We Look For, What We Settle For, & What We Are Meant For...
and then he cancels on you XD
The #Spurs honored the Hispanic population by adding "Los" in front of "Spurs" on their jerseys. Really guys? Fail.
damn why do I have to be all that?!
When planning for a year, plant corn. When planning for a decade, plant trees. When planning for life, educate people. -Chinese Proverbs
How was it?
Dumb whiny bitches need to chill the fuck out cry me a fucking river #
Finna finish English paper
Well, lets see what tomorrow brings..
Found out today that my son is not good with skates, perfect #lambda kid
you left Micheal's folder here!!
Ramona Singer Bikinis in the Caribbean (PHOTOS) Real Housewives of New York star Ramona Singer ditched the concrete jungle to spend the h
of course !lol
Angie asks "What more can be done?"
you make me get the butterflys (;
I ate it in college...and was introduced by an old friend from Australia. It does have its appeal.
Somalia's Shabab network opens a twitter account, using it to taunt their enemies. via Jeffrey Gettleman at New York Times
what's good ms.
Does anyone have recommendations for free/inexpensive screen capture software that my students could use for a class project? I know of Jing
getting it in with these finals!!! who then time for music music and mo music!!!
do you know or just a super fan?
How was it??
The honesty from Josh Hamilton is stunning. No notes. No prepared speech. Just his raw soul on display for everyone to see.
What do you guys think about these scents for my new body scrubs: Island Berry, Crumb Cake, Coconut Cream, Lemon Drop & Margarita?
Cant wait to watch!! I Love Brittany! RT : "I have pepperoni in my bra" - Brittany "those are your nipples..." - Santana
Can hardly wait for
haha wow that's retarded
For revision I'm just recopying notes atm for a few sections to refresh my memory and then maybe some xtra readings frm syllabus
Getting money? I could call you at anytime of the day & you'll be at home. 😒
Will Grayson, Will Grayson. The beginning was fun but I lost interest. 75 pages to freedom!
would read anything you wrote...funny, clever and astute are always welcome
Photos change too-used to be me in bathing suit holding booze. Now it's all scenic (& I'm covered up)
Congrats to Robert Gyimah on his first Toastmasters speech. From Ghana; English 2nd lang. Great job! Welcome to the other side of the wall.
barf in your beard
cool man steve thomas comes through there often too
No to all. Keep trying. What would absolutely prevent me from watching the whole draft??!!
Some people want to blame God for the whole male/female concept, but I'm pretty sure it's one of those ideas that came out of a committee.
Amawele's doing their thing at a South African Market!
i will tell him you said so.
woah (big sean v
Advice from the CEO of Zappos
I really think this guy is crazy. Like completely mentally insane.
no the town copied Set it off , set it off came out almost 10yrs b4 the town Did you ever see the town?
RT When boys grab your chin and kiss you. ❤
Natl media: no story here move along
thanks for the acknowledgement! We need everyone in this fight!
Yes, she was a jerk for that...
Cloud Browse 3.0 has been released in Ireland, UK, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand and Philippines, check it out and pass it along!
At Cave CREEK Regional Park in Scottsdale Az
thank you!!! See you next week!
Man if this is wat i got f... it the hell with it
And the Poet is offically back!
“: Congratulations are in order for anyone you look up to. Can't hate on hard work.. #realtalktuesday”
I might have a date. Maybe I dreamt it?
Pancakes? RT : Breakfast for lunch.
U live. U learn. U get the hell over it.
So true! RT Hey. Stop doing that. It's kinda gross and everyone always notices then talks about it later when you leave.
Unemployment is always "down" to those who are employed. Many thousands of 45-60 yr old execs nationwide aren't so sure.
Act like a lady, but never think like a man!! A women should have common sense to know what's real and what's not!!!
Watching Otto of at #vatorsplash - so awesome! We love using Flowdock.
The countdown is on for the sexiest party of the year! Buy tickets today at LostWeekend.Eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Halfway into Torchwood S2, this one's better than S1. But Reese is a real prick. And it seems I need to watch Dr. Who to get some references
Right; figured it was an automated msg the service plugged in, but the fact they signed up for it is sad.
Last night was amazing hahaa!
Congrats to FSU WAP for 25 amazing years! Glad we were part of the celebrations.
While we are bashing Melo, let's try to remember the last time we had a top flight talent come to #NYK in his prime.
How is that sunburn? haha
Thanks! I loved it too. We have clever editors here :)
That sounds AWESOME! I'll report back! thank you!
True: life N a suitcase = not too fun. But u 2 will look back on the adventure of it & think: how romantic.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, Mike D., and Ad-Rock." Eminem talking about the death of MCA.
Hoping my friends in Utica, NY don't get the white stuff like WNY! Just plain rain in MD
Next pitch - bring #solarpower to Liberia.
: I object, strenuously, to this bill because, if any public school is failing, then forcing a student to stay is useless!
today is my b-day
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
I'm doing good. How r u ??
Banana but muffin w/ banana cream oatmeal.
But I have gotten ahead of myself. More on the morrow, when I shall relate what brought me within the gates of the enemy.
RT : Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
i'm listening "Reckless And Relentless" by
Happy houring w at Brio. Such an amazingly nice evening!
Hahaha why did you give me a shoutout?
underwear up ass!!!!!! AH
Skype, You let me down. But the ole' conference call will save me. This means I won't have to explain to colleagues the tobaggin im wearing
Why doesn't #TheBiggestLoser try a #rawfooddiet ? Have you tried it? Lets ask <- Raw Vegan NFL Pro-Bowler
Tips on using Twitter for real-time reporting at "Tweet It Now" this Thur Feb 16, 6:30 pm at Studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 others.
Middle of week one.....
Tempurpedic pricing is going up October 18th! If you have been eyeing a bed, now is the time to buy!
shoutout for his hard work and hustle.
you were struggling with half our starters out, imagine this game if they were playing!
It's election day in Liberia! VIA is excited to follow the action :) We'll keep you up to date!
Ikr! I was scared there for a while TJ. (;
RT : No one ever choked to death swallowing his pride. — Anon
Another daylight savings time fiasco. Woke up 2hrs late & never heard any alarm. Plus I teach 2 courses 2day - 1 seminar-style 4 3hrs.
agreed. Be happy. Fear not. /cc and
at 1st glance it looks like LAC gave up a ton,but they get 2 draft picks in return & there are some great players coming up.
yeah, I hate having to see that stupid bird on the stadium
The genius who used Twitter to write his memoirs backwards.
Miss you!
Hey everyone sorry I didn't follow some of u back I will try my best to follow everyone
OK, realistically, I was just enjoying the quests this morning. I love a good quest.
yes please. You name the place and we will go dance and drank and dance and drank
- I agree completely! She's even good as a bad girl!
eh...if he likes it and he's smart about it I don't see the harm ;p
Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what it loves.
2nd Component of ethics training: Promote openness to delivering bad news. Fear of sharing fosters unethical behavior
Eho boo! :D x
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 5/2 at Geisel Library, 3;00 p.m. University of California San Diego!
Scored a role in a documentary drama based on events surrounding WW2. Playing an interesting character.
“: A guy who cheats on a girl who would give him the world is just down right #stupid”
really enjoyed her first Day. Nice way to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary to
Engaging content producers
Art walk and square one.
The Bulls are out playing the Heat
more detailed e-mail about agenda for Accessibility Camp DC coming out over weekend or early Monday morning.
3. F*** this. Never use blog again.
our Robyn is a sports fan now, ! RT : Watching my 2nd FSU game of the weekend in Austin. What.
Thanks to everyone who came to Landscape Night! What was your favorite part of the evening? Thanks again to guest host
Job Search
- I know - something wonky was going on with my computer ... side not.. was bummed you didn't answer the DM I sent you :/
Ireland? What the he'll do the Irish know about food and wine?
Why we love Steve: RT : I thought yesterday was the first day of the rest of my life but it turns out today is.
no problem
Have a happy Merry Christmas :)
nm doing he which is hell wbu
alright twitterverse: kindle touch or nook simple touch?
solid, James!
Thanks for the order Josh! Well… you do live in round rock :) I still owe you a lunch, too.
Who's that?
Jim Edmonds has to have the best wall catches of all time
Can't make it feel right when its Wrong
RT : "If Jesus saw it as valuable to give you, you need to see it as valuable to use." -
Agreed! Thanks again!
- agreed! the site was pure support for Met and opera overall.
Love is the most powerful force on earth...
Turbo Jam - Done! 723 calories burned in 40 minutes! Whew!
I wish I was a billionaire. The Buffet rule wouldn't worry me.
Bed lat. Wake up late that's the life
Happy St, Patricks Day!
Meet Justin Bieber here @@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Brewers still tied for MLB Central even as they are gobstopped in the 1st inning today by Cinci (but now tied in top the 6th). Go Crew!
They definitely left the ending to Dark Shadows open for another movie.
don't forget me
INSANITY means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
mainly that people seem to forget that celebrities are human too...despite how often most people forget that.
Thanks for the great performances everyone! RT : Great concert tonight. Thank you New York! And we're out.
Don't get me wrong, I love iPhones. I just prefer Androids because I'm used to them
Happy Leap Day!
There's few greater feelings than finishing a project earlier than expected, especially when you love the final result.
JDI program director Sasha Gear & Des Lesejane welcoming delegates to a prison's roundtable discussion in Cape Town
Why is "10 Must-Follow Tumblrs on Twitter??? LOL
Callback for Monday?? I guess the soda can I placed in the auditioning room really worked! They want me to go back and pick it up! LOL..
Thank you for all your kind words about your film, we appreciate it! We had a great time working with you...so much fun!
Sunday's are so fucking depressing.
I'm seriously out ragged that is total BS
": Horny as shit"<----freak ass bull
omg mother nature why must you torture me for this long please stop I'm gonna go insane
So that's the noise... working on Brooklyn Bridge overnight.. shoot...
this is your agent?
I can do this all night
Hey, I'm gonna head out to the company rafting trip now... How's that?
Cheese for dinner? Hokay. A quiet house for a whole hour? HokAY!
oh snap..Not even nervous! ... Ok maybe a little
There are so many biblical laws that most Christians ignore, enforcing some in our constitution is total hypocrisy.
Not Irish but Murphy's law is rampant oy vey
And in this case, the pilot isn't gonna be able to pull over and let you out. So hopefully it goes a little smoother
Thank you -- that's the plan.
I got two grades from last semester in so far. Both are A's. Waiting on two more.
New Ep "If Only.." is now available on Itunes and a limited number of hard copies!!!!
I watched that last night with my cousins!.(: I cried!. :'( haha(:
Yes im sha can im confident .. thank you for the complements haters i couldnt give a fuq where im from dah projects Nighas 2 be continued
Got my hair re-colored! Kind of expensive but i like it :)
After a while people get sick of waiting and they run elsewhere,but always give u a chance to chase dem & if you don't they're gone forever.
The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas won't keep. Something must be done about them. Whitehead, Alfred North
Reid just held up a peace sign and said "Burgundies!!"
The 54th Annual Grammy Awards...somewhere along the way I lost track of time and got old. Who are all these people other than "The Boss?"
Heyy, follow me?
I got some PA speakers and a tape deck mixer you can use... hope dass not too vintage for you
Amanda Righetti likes DNA Imprints at the Golden Globes
No problem :)
don't you love when it lightly snows? It gives the world that grainy, 70's documentary look
": ": If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world.." damn lb confuscious" lol
I have a can of kraut I can bring from home!! ;)
Of all the attractions, Jollyball delights me most.
Fullers(Shop-n-Kart) donuts are best donuts ever!!!!
Just ordered the Adobe Suite Creative Cloud for $29.99 a month for 1 year cos we already own a program. Ready for it to go live May 7th!
lol srry i havent been replying,ive been watching random youtube videos
that's so true Sarah and may i add not only tempt you but u wind up actually doing that which you said you would not do!!!
looking to purchase a discs only subscription for ma and pa who think streams are where you catch fish. Help!
The NFL sh/ seriously consider stripping the Super Bowl title from the 2010 Saints. Cheaters sh/not be allowed to prosper.
hey what a coincidence, neither is mine ;)
Congrats to Mark D., Lisa C. and Katie on your promotions!
Don't know if I'm going over there
Happy Valentine's Day to the most beautiful, most amazing, sweetest girl on the face of this earth! My daughter,
#Colts played much better tonight. This season, so far, shows how much we've been spoiled over the years, Indy! We'll get back on top soon!
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Super cute :)
Money displacement. No one talks about it. Why? Not bullish. The Morgan trade and FB. Where does the money come from that fills the trade
Had a great first Executive Board meeting for the 2011-2012 school year. Expect big things this year!
Its not a sex tape if we know it coming. If she was smart she would make VIVID give her a contract
Oh no! Feel better! I was there recently as well. #luckfupus indeed.
Sure did and I keep getting the same error message.
Bad Pun otD:When Nixon met Mao, Nixon tried to hug the aging despot He was sternly reminded by Kissinger:"Please don't squeeze the Chairman"
School is gat
Quit budweiser tonight and told the supervisor i hope you die of "high definition Aids". (A.I.D.S.H.D.)
Hello beautiful people.
I aint no bitch, and im not going to be treated like a bitch
Taking Stock Of The Wreckage In Miami
Best spot during #sb46 was the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad by far. It will be remembered as one of the best ever. It stressed hard work!
Noise levels are picking up in Studios E/F. As though everyone's here for something big. Predict eerie hush in exactly 12 minutes.
#mla12 #s215 : at beginning of southernspaces.org little consideration for sustainability, as w/ most OA journal projects.
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we really listen
#BackInElementarySchool Field day was basically "Who's the best athelete?" I would always be one of the best
I didnt know u had a son
Never liked in soccer teams just trying to kill time while they are ahead... That's what happens! Just like that... Timbers lose. Wow!
« I have such a crappy phone.» LOL >.<
Get Austin Mahone Verified :)
pretty sure on MTV they have it spelled Gianni, god I hope you spelled your bf's name wrong!
I think that is good luck.....or just shit luck. One or the other.
great job!
you as well my young apprentice.
I think enduring, committed love between a married couple, along with raising children, is the most noble act anyone can aspire to.
Home from softball try outs a long day hope I make it I get the papper tomorrow if I make it or not :-)
Great day at the lake today lots of tubin behind the boat. Wore out ombre
Lots of #appengine evolution to get my head around!
APorco_21: You swear for no reason.
We were looking at them for a smaller data center, looks like we're being pushed to the 7k here!
Starting this March I will be a fulltime #soccerhooligan and a part-time #normalperson!
i wish we could snuggle! Ily
“Success will never be a big step in the future; success is a small step taken just now.” ~Jonatan Mårtensson
Anybody else tired of hearing about #WindowsPhone7 already? Let's get back to the important #Android topics...
“: I'm feelin a full out Twitter war.... #classic” #fightforfreedom 😉
grateful for the follow-happy Tuesday!
Cold, post cycling salty lemonade is the fresh maker!
unemployment sickness is the best. I watched so much LOST.
Agreed. As they say in my neighborhood, Newt is "punkin' out!"
Lol i love you RT Headed to 7/11 for a beer and a hot dog.
I know you've been told this and I know the real issue is structural racism that allows for BS--but you're amazing.
Letting go is hard. But sometimes, holding on is harder.
Tell me about it, I live in the South now.
Today sucked.
"KeyBank Agrees To Forgive Student Loans Of Dead Rutgers Student #huffpost They- do- have a heart. It just took a petition with 75k sigs!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all our friends! And to a wonderful 2012!
I'm ready to play!
Yoga classes for Flamencos start this Friday evening. Alena will be our resident Yogi - thank you Alena!
Best restaurant ever!!! Have fun, so jealous
hahaha i have big test that week...practice ELA's so i can't goo :(( but whenever they go on tour here im goingg defff
Birds don't pray for long wings.
What are you eating while your tweeting today?
I win. I'm always right.
Anyone have a favorite "how to" video? Good or bad instructional video from YouTube, etc? Gathering examples to use for class.
In case u think Pujols is washed up, he just launched a rocket into left field seats agnst Floyd & #whitesox...damn!
Join us for some Sunday Funday shenanigans in the snow!!! God I love Wisconsin...and Sundays!
Haha, best snow on earth!
hm, are yu a boring texter?
Whether it's an air conditioner installation, new filters, heat pumps or furnace, experience the total comfort of our heating solutions now!
Thanks! Great to see you too! And we're psyched about the 2nd location too :-)
Get ready for a ton of great stuff to be announced!
Waiting until there were 20 minutes left in the day to check in with all the other courts probably wasn't the best idea.
thatmeansthat ur related 2 lizzie whos related 2 austin who i can meet & marry so ill be related 2 u & lizzie
Nothing brings the boys to the yard like 3 boxes of cat litter and a multi-pack of tampons.
R.Kelly needs to do a song with Mr. Big again!!!
"this fuckin lesbo thinks she can just go around and take pics with my babies like it’s nothing i’m gonna cRY I HATE U AMBER"
Toucher! : I love Carson too lol (:
Acai Plus is going international and will soon available in 200 countries.
My life will never be the same again, Why cant life be simple.?</3 -Katelyn<3
See "Play Ball" newest candle warmer in the collection! Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room
New poll expected today from Marquette U researcher. Interesting to see where the recall candidates fall.Polls have been all over the place.
Friday night in Chicago at a tattoo convention and I'm sitting in a hotel room reading a book, I'm such a party animal
Feeling Minnesota tonight.
Trying out & to see which is the better online personal task management tool. Suggestions are welcome.
BMW's March car sales break all monthly records BMW said first-quarter new-car sales were the highest ever on the back of March sales tha
she's lost. “: where you think you're goin baby?”
you're a saint! I miss you a lot!
They try to do it every year, sometimes every other year. This time it will be close to Larry's bday in July!
Honestly, no one knows more about my inner workings than the checkout girl at my local Barnes&Noble.
I'm still drunk from last night.
:( are you serious about all of the ultimate VIP's being sold out ?
Going to school); I hate Mondays im tired then after i have to go to Volleyball practice grrr
RT its called "parenting" RT : Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter while Wendi takes Grace...
Tonight: Rookie of the Year, Since Forever, Like the Stars and The Greater The Risk Show starts at 7pm- Get Here!!!
Seeing my very talented friend in #WhatToExpectMovie tonight!! :)
Watching QVC Beach Boys thing, I was wishing Brian Wilson said something crazy. Unfortunately he was surprisingly normal.
Just saw your ESPN story, all the best for you and your family!!
what the hell is this nicki
#10ThingsIDislike Reading the books we get assigned in English class.. #1984 #TheStrangers thank god for sparknotes
I guess that's why I wound up in TV not print! Paul-A!
Lol especially you RT : People be doing others so wronq for no reason.
I'm in that bitch and my song gone play in the club
Get a FREE $20 coupon and an additional $10 coupon for each new friend you bring to our Medical Weight Loss seminar 1/18/11 – 412-681-6400
I was going to go to the gym today, but I cant let down my boys & not watch game 1.
- WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate. This campaign is far from over...
is preparing some interesting stuff.
hahahahaha post the video!
You can't judge a book by its cover, but the cover gives a pretty fucking good idea about the book.
Thanks to for putting us over the top. 2012 followers in 2012!
I know how they feel. It's scary doin that online, but it's a secure connection and I'm sure you could send it in.
CNN Founding Producer: Terrific! A Marvelous Program!
I feel good
Best Holiday Vacation Spots in the Swiss Alps
sounds good but cold. Do you think it would be good warm?
Monsters are in Houston tonight. HUGE HUGE game for Lake Erie
very true
I'm officially DONE and it's not even Wednesday.
Final Day of #C2E2, Come by table J-14 in the Artist Alley. By art from Dave Losso , get free stuff from myself and CON!!!!!!!!!
RT : The PC is 30 years old today. Happy Birthday PC!
erik 2 weeks into fantasy and your last place, lmao pay up limp dick fuckers
Barkley: "Every pro player in any sport has probably played with a gay person... man, we need to outlaw guys who suck at sports.”
On a train that hit a car...
To prevent bike congestion, integrated transit solutions are not an option. The same with car congestion
My Favorite Pop is PEPSI .'
You're so disciplined. I wrote off the day after coffee this morning with a friend. I'm envious.
The iPod helped Apple rise from the dead in the last decade
Nick Johnson wouldn't even be the best player at Calvert Hall High School
yeah, i could've told you that/
One word...High
Question on 2013 event re: a Twitter hashtag. Do they follow the #FETC <Year of Event> construct? Trying to build a list for client.
Hello Pot, meet Kettle. Guess what? You both are black!
I like when men try to be tactful when asking for my number
At work grinding!
NOW INTERVIEWING ON
What does your kid do that always makes you laugh?
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal......
Excited to eat Fish House in #Pensacola for Ernie and Luly's rehearsal dinner.
A big "in your face!" to the "climatology science" major who eaves dropped on my conversation and told me it wasn't going to rain tonight.
how could I forget?
Can't figure out what to get the person who has EVERYTHING? SJ's has "Joe Bucks", the perfect gift for that ice cream & coffee lover.
thanks sorry i like havent been on here in a while!
Technology is amazing: now we can even access the fountain of youth without surgery! Thanks to we can all stay in Jr High forever!
**about #tweetfail d:
Listening to a webinar that my Dad is giving about RTCA/DO-178C - way over my head - at least now I know where my nerdiness comes from
Coming Up: 8th Annual Roadhouse Brewfest at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse on July 11th. Come sample 8 ales, live music, food specials and more!
Come On, ONLY one more follower!!!
Your right its our job to reveal all facts and see whose really telling the truth
Tune into the "State of the Union" delivered by #POTUS tonight @ 9 pm EST
ya cocaine's a hell of a drug
Good night everyone!!
I'll try to send details if I can calm down enough to set them down.
How come black people are just born with cool-ness? It's not fair how hard I have to work.
Well, it's on and in alright RT Getting it on. While the parasite gets it on.
they finally noticed?
RT : Its Freezing in Florida!! Be sure to pick up a WEST Wetsuit at your local core surf shop and keep warm this winter in the...
they haven't lost a thing. Great fun!
You gotta love New England today 60 degrees, now snowing and 20 degrees... :(
Perfection isn’t real, and looks don’t really matter. How sweet, how true, how caring, how kind, that’s all that really matters
“: you have a bday every month don't you lol”<~ every other month.
#Peace.. Without our fan support none of this would matter. Many blessings to all of you! Stay Drivn.
an early Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful Mum who i can't possibly live without despite all the things we go throughh <3
sometimes you have to realize it's just not meant to be
Hey Stranger. How have you been? You're so right about peace being priceless!
I do not like alternate side parking.
Ed Witkowiak? I think it's James....
also really really looking forward to hanging with Fred Hersch this weekend. Glad he's in town.
We're launching this year in the US after 40 years in the European Retail and Designer Market, have a look at our website.
The dogg is in the buildin!
Bulls held it DOWN !
Okay tweeps, anybody have a great skincare product for minimizing pores?
: I appreciate the shout out.
We'll take flattery any day. RT : Powell Library is so fancy and beautiful... I almost can't stand it
I got complemented by somebody I have a crush on today lol I was on 10 after that lol
Hain Celestial Announces Expansion Of International Corporate Headquarters On ...: By The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. MELVILLE, NY, Ma...
i love them.
"Nirvana manifests as ease, as love, as connectedness, as generosity, as clarity, as unshakable freedom." J.K.
Really getting sick of this humidity, #Austin It feels like #Houston out here! Ugh, my poor hair.
Movies with Tata for the rest of the night I guess (y)
you guys absoulutely deliver all the anime goods from classics to modern. It's rewarding now that you've come to Xbox :-)
Just secured a fashion #internship in #NYC for a #highschool student from los angeles
Happy birthday, Israel!
Missin my boo
"Dreams don't work unless you do." -CS
hahahahaha don't be mad
I have blueberry pancakes. not to make it worse or anything.. lol :)
Poopy! ): Well, we'll try next weekend. anytime, just tell me. Okay? I need to get da money.
The weekend is shaping up to be great, not to mention my Saturday night is not gonna happen. Stay twune for the tweettails! #TCIF Happy
France is the largest country by population in the European Union (65 million people)
Journey=Drink #bachelor I am now sending a message in a bottle too. To my bartender. More booze. Now.
Did a little work convo last night, and we are gonna use someone different for the website. Since its been stagnant. Can't wait!
I didn't know Tim Tebow was in Mumford & Sons!?!
I miss Chris Farley.
hehe, sorry. I reply you, and what are you doing?
and Dont be too Salty, but I may be a player (:
Ah I live Dierks Bentley and Miranda Lambert. <3
I like getting followers the old fashioned way thank you very much.
oh ahhahah sorry i took to long to respond
do you ever truly miss Austin?? And when do you see him next??:)
We will be closed December 24TH and 25TH in observance of Christmas!
Exciting news - The guys will be developing 2 signature cocktails, inspired by #MadMen, for BRAVO on May 17.
ouch.. plus $10 beers!
Want to read my webpage? www.AprilVampire.com
what? Now what is the reason?
Passing time this drive reading all tweets out loud.
This is the funniest #SNL opening I've seen in a long, long time.
I will never respect a man who grounds into a double play. EVER.
NBA playoffs start today!
joins , CIS of Richmond Co. & Richmond Co. Schools in showcasing #YoungExplorer unit today. elected officials and media, welcome!
I'm pretty sure A New Hope takes place over like a week. Once day you're heading to Tashi station, the next you're blowing stuff up.
Dont take my kids anywhere and not tell me where your going!!
We get it - you're a vegan. Shut up already.
Done, you tore it up!!!!!
Tattoos, Weed, Clothes, & 'Swag' Does NOT Make You A Boss. A Diploma, A Degree, & A Job Does.
I'm watching last week's Glee!!! Santana as Selena!!! Ah!!!
Aww I'm sorry :(
She lives at your place and doesn't pay rent?
Hey Spotify, why does the best of the '80s playlist need to be updated weekly? Are there new '80s hits being released?
Good grief computer, you've been acting funny the last day or so, and now you're giving me the wrong time...
Zone-Reflex: Researchers may have discovered how memories are ...
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You should get tested...via #Dying!!!
“: Grandpas advice when it comes to women: be like Jesus, love em all.” hahahahahaha oh William
Thanks for the add, Dana.
text me when you get to Vegas for VIP connections 702-556-5062
Unfortunately, we can't legally ship directly to people. Stupid laws.
Hoping all is well in Oakland. Missing in Athens.
Uhh So tired! ;/
good morning twitter
Last night was love.
Wanna know how good a basketball player Blake Griffin is? Reggie Evans is playing in crunch time in a Game 7 while Griffin is on the bench.
yes!!! it'll be so much fun!!
That is a myth that is dangerous...What about Nurses share your pressure...Team work Team work...yeah!
cause I felt like it
A little under 80 hours left between then and now. Plenty of time to catch it all.
Dear #Seattle, I want to ride my #bike here but I'm terrified. She's quite pretty and strong and wants to go outside. Please advise.
Hi David! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love to hear your feedback! Thanks!
Kim!! “: i'm following the first 100 people to follow :) RT this if you followed”
RT If You Don't Eat The First Or Last Piece Of Bread...
I should tweet more. There's my resolution for 2012. Hopefully, more me on the world is a good thing.
": Follow now to experience twittercast of an open heart surgery, play-by-play..." Interesting or Weird?
what if was creeping on me and were to see this tweet. make my dream come true?
#FirstEdition #MayDay protests on tap 4 tomorrow - what 2 expect w/ #JimRedden - influence??
Duke is out! Yes! UK all the way!
cool cool, will do!
On a team meeting call. Really want to just bail on the rest of the day once this is over... I have black beans and rice to make!
Ughh where's Tamara when I need her😒 legit just wanna go to her house and chill, always makes me feel better
Getting ready for tonight's Abduction rehearsal : )
so bored
Even though he messed up a little bit It still made my night<3 OMG IT WAS FRICKEN AMAZING!!
Palm beach county you are so boring you make fort Lauderdale look interesting
Remember when I laughed my ass off when I first heard the word 'bugaboo' from one of you, ? Haha.
Eating some lamb biryani.
Fake asses .
The basic building block of good teambuilding is for a leader to promote the feeling that every human being is unique and adds value.
U have no one to talk to, so u tweet..
were u live?
(I hope so, because I want to be one!)
Chinese For Dinner :) Ugh Yum!
Its 11:11 make a wish ,make a wish.and say I HOPE you come truee "* <3
my day was busy but good... i think zaks book is between$15 and $20 dollars before shipping!
Im awake!
Happy May Day (and Mexican Labor Day)!
Two turkey vultures board a plane. One says to the other, "Nice carrion."
#Oomf tweets right now <<<
Now Is the time to stand up america
Thank you! I really enjoyed (e-)meeting you all and the opportunity to present.
Well I'm certainly fucked in the morning...
Well he'd probably get alot of followers if he gaurenteed that they'd get folloed back!
I remember when only had 600 followers. Look at him now. Almost 200k <3
chillin finna be back at the house hitting the studio tonight
Kick start day for American Archive Inventory Project!
Oh IMDB "star meter", how you help the hopeless hope.
you dismiss the study because it ONLY summarized 16 states? Many states have few if any charters forgood reason
Thanks for the feedback and glad you had fun! We might shoot shy people in the eye with a water gun at the next event. ;P
Do you have a Nevada OnShore Trust (NOST)?
earlier i was sitting next to a couple who i thought was on a first date but in fact were married strangers who met at AA.
This has been a long day finally relaxing
I wonder which 9er won't be playing for the team next year.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -George S. Patton
Lol!! You just made me spit beer on the cat.
That wasn't as easy as you'd think.
real recognize real
Aw.. you're welcome!
First tweet with the new logo - again, new Rails app coming out in the coming months. Beta testers welcome...drop me a line.
You may Talk behind my back but I laugh behind yours
black di*k ever where
“: Hey used your service but don't have rsvps for formspring or gdgt parties. what's up?”
Why does hate #derekfisher??!
nothing really matters when you're gone.
NY Jets pull off one they almost let get away! I was on the edge of MY seat!
I'm very excited for the common core standards - they are so much better than the NGSSS!!!
Thanks for your support Eliza!!
glad to see to Boulder bike caper is solved
a workout is a workout! Ha......I'll get something in before church tomorrow.
...listed under old reasons I'd avoid traveling to The Beaver
thank you for the vinegar tip, did some research, and i'm gonna try it next time i dye my hair =)
i told u gudmornin and y arent u followin me back???
No period 6??? No health test ;)
did someone say cuba libre? cuz that's a tasty beverage.
Really messed up now...
Happy Easter lawlorffs, hope You have a good one. And don't forget to keep sending us your pics for the collage :)
Getting close to the medical center D; It'll all hit me when I'm laying In the chair & put the IV in .. 😓
In China w/ & mtg w/ businesses & officials as well. Hope to join you in Mexico City next year.
LOVE your twitter profile pic and i miss you like whoa !
looks like my daughter cuts Lacee's hair
I never got it, DM me your number
instead of more playoff wins than the Knicks in 2012 you should say more than the Knicks have had in 3 years 0-12
Yeah...STL...and Chicago are full of em...smh. That's why I live under a rock.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself
Out south at moms for a day or so.
It is scheduled to go up early in the week of the 21st.
11:40 am and i already feel the need to get intoxicated
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE BEEN SO DISAPOINTED WITH #DWTS JUDGES!!!!!!
Dear working out, I miss you dearly. Once I can get my father out of the hospital, I hope we can become reacquainted. Meanwhile, sad face.
YOU are annoyed? I was told product was down- I'm still in dark on this- trying to get answers
Rally in Solidarity with Wisconsin Fox News Building Tuesday, 22 Feb 2011, 5:00 PM Join us to support the workers of Wisconsin
Don't date girls from slyrtherin...
Goodnight from London =)
So I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
so when will i see you & Clem? Meghan Long wants to come, too, maybe....
$1 drinks for "desperado's" anniversary. Estimate 90% of people here have never stepped foot in this bar before.
Sat. I drove to phoenix than competed on sunday then drove back sunday night now I'm in el paso and have to go to school in 3 hours://
Sixers win!!!! Sixers win!!!! Goodbye chicago. What a game. #BullsSuck . Its all about #HEATNATION .
loving it. About to buy a house if they accept this offer. Can't wait for the girls to get here but really digging it.
thanks for
We all still have time to make a difference in the life of another. Keep your eyes open and try to lend a hand to someone today!
I took a shot standing in the wall two weekends ago. I don't need to tell you where...
almost 460 followers ❤ Help me get to 500? Would mean a lot :)
I'm sure they are! Welcome to Twitter!
Love U Too
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips. WEIRD, I KNOW.
world post! the print is cool!
are you watching #RHOC? I always look forward to your commentary
why does the GOP feel comfortable saying they speak for the american people, newsflash, you dont
This some BS...
Thinking about making a new Twitter, but keeping this one too, should I?
good thing I only suck figuratively
discovered yesterday that Target has knockoff Gap city flats for $13 vs. $40. Not quite as comfortable, but about same quality.
Cheering for the team at the state meet does, admittedly, mean seeing a lot of hot men from other teams. In Speedos. Them, not me. # fb
RIP #Borders - I had 8 great years working for you and met some of my best friends during that time. You will be missed!
Haha no problem. If you want to write a recap for the site let me know!
THE PARENT WHO SPEAKS WELL OF FORMER SPOUSE TO THEIR CHILDREN IS THE ONE WITH STRENGTH OF CHARACTER. CHILDREN ALWAYS ADMIRE THAT PARENT
i still want the fountain and the lighthouse in my town :C someone donate a bunch of bells to me
Hi ariana so very very perfect
It's Wine Tasting Wednesday! We have an eclectic mix from around the world. 4 tastes for only $4 from 6pm to 8pm
Listbuilding = only 1/2 the battle. How will you maintain? RT 91% users unsubscribed from comp email previously opted-in to.
What? I don't even.
Apt description garnish, embellish, beautify, and decorate
how do we submit to be a part of the 48 hour film project?
Got 2 Minutes To See A VideoThat's Helping Home Business Professionals DOUBLE Their Productivy? bit.ly/f8LDH3
RT : Hey northeast fans Franny D will playing a solo show at 20 North Broadway in Schenectady NY. Come hang if your in the area.
My 3,400th Tweet Goes to my follower She is a great fan and supporter!!! :)
Okay I think it's time to get off twitter :) goodnight ❤
The sky looks like a storm is brewing! #yippeemorerain:-(
I think Amy Adams is here
Summer, where the hel are you?
#Womeninbiz to follow
My New Years Resolution was, to go vegetarian and I have. I haven't eaten any meat as of 1/1/2012 and my system has been happy. :)
Discount tix at Old National Banks! RT : Who's going to the open house this weekend? Hum, I need to find tickets
“ #Aries have the courage to see things though despite the outcome.”
Beware the reading vortex. There is danger there. You know enough already. Start writing.
has a firm position and is part of the chattering-class. 2nd, rostra is the phoenix of the original center-right
Jewelry work day😃got my Beyonce and Whitney Houston videos on in the background
RT : In love with Sara Lee oven roasted turkey breast (Does your g/f know about this?)
#iGetRealMadWhen Spammy Spammersons are the only ones who follow you on facebook.
I'm undeniably the black sheep in my family
happy u view its funny we goin view how funny it is wen I dnt try2talk2u b around text u or nttn bye have a life
Try the taping method, it's annoying but I hear it works better than tapers.
You've been blessed with wealth & opportunity, it's what you do with it that determines what type of person you are.
Thanks for the follow!
Difficult to study when you'd rather be sleeping.
i am happy that that at least I got you and together in tweeterville :)
Well here are two: while getting ready in the morning instead of TV and while working out. Poll is split 50/50 now!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean im not thinking about you. Im just trying to distance myself because i know i cant have you
how about a follow now? that would be great :)
please, elaborate!
WHAT? Well introduce me :-) lol
please follow me,I'm your biggest fan♥
Denver let's get wild tonight!
the entire so wrong its right album by all time low
#NFAIS12 If you're going to sell to end users directly, you must offer something different than what they get through a site.
I think is probably still searching for the lucky charms!
ha i didn't doubt you!
[Aligning #Pilates] “: Tell how you are getting active during National Physical Fitness & Sports Month #FitnessMonth”
Halverson: Why have information technologies not changed classrooms? Easy answers are lack of will, skill or politics.
Gary England just made watching the Grammys all worthwhile. Nice sneakers!
I will cross the ocean for you, I will go and bring you the moon. One of my fav songs in the world! Along w/ the boy is mine
i told you to text me so we could make plans and then....
A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your life!
In life a person can mess up so bad! And some one great will take that pressure and clean it up as if it was his .... S/o to obama and bill
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!
my paper copy has the regular copyright statement on it :(
I am extremely motivated today
omg i cant believe ur gone i just knew u was gonna win im so sad :(
Well, yes I am watching less TV. And no, I didn't get sunburned because I was in the shade.
truly love and care for this girl, regardless
RT : darling, you always crack me up! )--I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
A Porno with a decent script... But that's the exciting part of a dirty movie, they don't have a script to distract you!
:DD I made your life better right?(: -cheesy grin- I did, didn't I? jk.
Madame Ur Y Sus Hombres, says it’s the violence that’s triggered so much creativity in Tijuana
Trap game for the Packers today...Go Pack!
ehmm Best Day ever first Tweetet mee and second hee followed mee ah :O:O i cant breathe
Costa is so boring on Friday Mornings! There is legit nothing to do
Good Morning.... Happy Sunday.. do you know what time it is?
donation in pet's name to local animal shelter.
"Oh David's asleep, so let's mess with his hair!" OR YOU KNOW LET'S NOT DO THAT SINCE I'M SLEEPING.
FOR FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES, GRADUATION PARTIES, BACHELOR & BACHELORETTE PARTIES, BOTTLE SERVICE & VIP BOOKING--> 404-610-2511
not really. Either way I look hurt
A very very successful day thanks to I swear in a past like we were carpenters and body builders.
Unfortunately, the +4 bonus points for checking into my "First Church" on foursquare didn't counteract the guilt.
thanks for your great play & outstanding leadership on the field. U made many of my work days go by easier.
This time Judy blogged redoubled activity
This team MAY finally be coming together (I hope). Granted it's just against the Cubs, but I'll take any progress we can get.
Hey guys wazzup?
Well, I guess original is better after all :-)
I'm sick again!
#LetsBeBlunt Just because your naturally nice, doesn't mean your flirting with everyone. <3
how are you?
Fucking Asthma. I love sitting in a quiet classroom panting like I just ran a mile -_-
Game on, Let's go
Party like it's 1999, perhaps??
Stop deporting people, no one is illegal!
wassup peeps. IT's finally time to drive some interest. Why in the world do people do such half assed jobs???
I have a huge obsession with Pitbull!
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you
Im just glad is friday :)
i like yur icon :D
Sat down to watch a classic movie and ended up watching #MobWives. Glad the mob has found a new way of making money.
Getting Remembering City Hall Oral History Project online
We'd love to try your gluten-free sausages before kickoff!
The Black Keys!
Is this what your model says r right #s? RT : Nobody else pick 04 07 14 29 44 45, okay? I got dibs.
RIP Donna Summers. So sad to hear of her passing
: It is sad but she will be back! Our friends bought her one of your #tomato plush toy as a goodbye gift :)
This guy's laugh at the nail salon is killing me.
Students don't let the chaos stop you from attending Swanson events!! Check out the homepage's calendar for events!
so irresponsible with $! That 200 dollar check sets benchmarks. Im coming after whoever, who has it!?!?
The Kobe burger from Blanc is quite simply, 'da bomb'.
E-mail should be coming today.
Found another Chipolte near my Physical Therapists office, think I'm going to stop for lunch tomorrow :-)
Live true and make love
My back is not a voice mail. Say it to my face. :).
Does your computer tend to overheat? Be sure to have the fan looked at before big problems occur. Preventive maintenance saves money. ^jl
Eh, might have spiced things up a bit. Would be more exciting than looking at a hipster looking Durant being interviewed.
Terrific! I thought the session included some interesting visuals, definitions, and approached to student assessment
diggin on some #Nujabes, how did I just now find out about this cat?
My 7 year old is having a sleepover and I'm totally fascinating to hear her conversation with her friend.
Nice!! Pass it on! Let me know what I can do to help ;)
Actually what's killing America besides the moral decay is debt, war/gov. debt, citizen debt, just an unsustainable & bad system.
makes me want to go back to visit in Dallas. Wonder how a fundraiser would go if we were chairwomen.
I am grateful that I have satellite radio to jam out to on the way to work!
great advice from a great man
i dont like boats
Stop using them to line the litter box. Especially mine.
my thoughts exactly
Working out of the studio today on some Shock marketing collateral and a fantastic shoe company.
Time for day 2 of 8 In a row, this is going to be a long week
faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead. Adobe Connect Pro taking over - esp for large enrollment classes.
Thanks good brother. The #AlphaAction Team is ready to take Alpha to new heights! Come soar with us. 06!
Going too skool
Damn I need some New Ink .
Yep 2 celebs at Fetish Houston ? Hm maybe i mean Tyga popped up last time !!!!!
I see that SLDs had to wear #redpolotops at commencement. Way to be ahead of the game.
Great my lock button on my iPhone is stuck ... Smh
What experience ?
there are apps to hide that sort of stuff. Your solution is best though (Not hiding + fair warning)
One thing is for certain. I will be having a beer tonight. Maybe two.
that too....it was an unusually chatty day, friendly. Threw me off a lil. Easy.
"I wish this egg would come out." -
thanks for following =]
I still am not sure what to do with Google Plus...is it even relevant anymore? I sorta feel like Pinterest stole its momentum
#askauggie Hi Chris, what's ur fav tv show after yours?
I'm the journalist.
I don't know what it's called!
#LiesBlackGirlsTell IM PREGNANT!!!!
Good Friday Morning...Up early working on new Catalog!!
oh watch out! haha and yes i do GUESS, because there is no one as good looking as me ;)
I'll call you tomorrow, Gnight. Love you.
wow i havent been on twitter in forever
Starting #TheWire season 3. Lessons learned watching the wire, don't give your package to a youngster.
It's beautiful out here and doing some fishing too!
Rt : wanna see the "it's ok remix" video starring feat. ?? come to #mondaysoul on 5/23. twitpic. ...
#Str8LykeDes... Ion look at certain niggas the same no moe....
I'm streaming commercials, I mean watching football.
Have $41 in my piggy bank
Chocolate doesn't ask silly questions. Chocolate understands.
All I want to do is Blog & Workout...got damn it...oohh!!!
Go fuck off, you stupid fucking GOP slut whordiot. In fact, since you hate america, move to another fucking country.
Sweet, we'll make sure we get some! RT I love it too, awesome beer cheese soup!
Had a chance to go to NY to see The Maine but because of the testing in school and work, I can't go.
I'm a 0-5 CA voter since i lived out of state for 3 years. I get NO mail. Sad.
Cool now cops are at my crib .
Check out Dagnomusic.com Today! Sell your music online and keep 100% !
Drinking a fresh Prima Pils and enjoying life at the moment. Will come back to the insanity later
"Men are constantly trying to mentally un-dress me. I'm just trying to save them some time, that's all."
what does 's golden tickets have to do w/ OLLG ?
Join us tonight for the 2nd weekly Indie Showcase Thursday. Contact us to showcase your band!
Billy's on Burnet. Unless you have another spot? Figure that's somewhat in the middle of us, and good.
I want to work for you. How is this possible?
thats not weird......
hey was up?
Gen 4 KJV And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
bouta go riding
#19MillionBeliebers ?! No way?! Im so jealous..
“: I wanna get my nipples pierced xD but that be weird xD” Me & Kasey are getting them soon haha.
Pluots and that's right.
I guess got a new Job than... xDDD Excuse me, La Tisha.. >:3
btw I flipping love pronouns! haha
Columbus, Ohio tonight!!! Check us out at The Summit!! Show starts at 9, $5 at the door.
Definitely! I also met folks from India and Brazil, and they enhanced the experience greatly.
Ahh so excited for the game!
You aint the only one ^__^
Girls take it easy on guys who lie about their age, they r not financially stable therefore feel too embarrassed to state their real age :(
Only way CBS gets any redemption is with a UNI Cinderella run. Kansas loss definitely takes some air out of tourney
"It is important to watch what you put in your mind."
*sigh* u dont know how good u got it.
Back at Blue Fusion HQ after a great & productive week in FLL with the #Mizrachi's
Lucy, will you be working in San Diego, something journalism-related? Welcome!!
Daniel Radcliffe is amazing in the movie!! He hard me jumping out of my seat and I don't get scared easily!
Oh Toto, we're not in Chi anymore. I'm in St Louis for NCAA wrestling. Hence the large amounts of Iowa gear everywhere.
S/o who pretty A'F And stay blower
that sounds tasty, like an ice cream float all in one bite! WANT!
I agree, definitely up for that
LOVE the #teamleaders! We can't wait for the Feb. 11
TGIF! BlueRock closes in 30 minutes! Thanks for a great week clients, vendors and friends.
Omg I'm talking to myself wtf
Jeremy Lin sitting at the end of the bench
You girls are making us blush. Thank you!! xo
was good
oops. I take that back then. It didn't show up on my timeline :/. Very sorry for that.
Best deals in town @ getfollowersandlikes.com Get your order today and receive an extra half of your order free by 7am 3/23/2011
everyone's got to have a hustle man, can't knock em for that.
At least Honor Society didn't have to beg anyone for votes. They did it the fair way. So much respect for them.
what's with the price swing in the case of cheddar vs. others on AMZN? I'm ready for my 3rd case and I'm distraught.
Like come on share the vikodinz lolz
Sorry been really busy and I suck at action films lol Let's talk soon.
Doing great! Definitely #rockin today! Hope all is well with you. Thanks for all the continued promo!
Two more hours to kill in Santa Fe and my iPhone battery is dying.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Lady Gaga and everyone looks at you because you're Little Monster.
DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
why does it feel like i have 10000 lbs of weight on my head... and monkeys biting at my ankles?
It's 1999. tweets from her newspaper crime beat during the dotcom boom. Check her out.
Zombie tip # 902
yes. We were altac when altac wasn't cool. MT : For truth. RT : public historians were #altac before the term existed.
there might be a #castle season5 :)
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
i would! wish i lived in Texas
Look at me! I'm a tweetin fool! I'm fabulous. How are you?
Stopping by to say hi, and hoping that u dig what we do. Cheers, SS
PLAY TO WIN A Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from : Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
Damn. Left my cowbell at the studio.
Making chili and putting more ikea stuff together
#Deepestsongofalltime - THA CROSSROADS. x Bone thugs and Harmony.
Sick and tired of my fiance's sister. never seen such a disrespectfull little 13 year old who thinks everyone is her bf.
Don't let your pride get in the way of your destiny.. You gotta do whatever it takes to get to where you wanna be.
How did you make them feel?
- thanks! Love to try Arrogant Frog! We are currently carrying Paul Mas old vines carignan!
It's on n poppin with a Peppermint mocha for Monday
bulls are honestly
what hair coloring product do you use?
Like do you not understand how that is not okay
When Lil Boosie's getting his haircut, does he just say, "give me the Barry Sanders"? Free Boosie, btw.
Living it up in Park Slope, Bkln with Rita and Sean. Wish I lived here so bad! Off to the Brooklyn Msm for rock photos since 1955.
Please let there be bees on that TREE.
They have a new album? I love Death Cab for Cutie! does too.
#dtws is so nerve wrecking :( I don't want roshon to leave </3
Happy Easter everyone!
[112] Most human children will pass the mirror test at 18 months old
You know how I know this guy doesn't like girls....he still couldn't find the right hole on the table!
Anytime my friend! Glad I could.
hello, followers. my name is sam. what's yours?
Great day of tracking... We got some songs knocked out with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Don't pet me, unless you buy me dinner first. And then you still gotta get consent! RT : Have you ever wanted to pet a giraffe?
Finally on twitter!!
I mean you don't need him anymore with Sean White in the fold :)
Thanks for the favorite on that one. ;-)
So true! Erin's got sex appeal like McDonalds has Big Macs!
Did #oomf's say medicated....
Why yes, I DO own the Sleepaway Camp DVD boxed set!
You really think so
If I get done with the film shoot in time to make it, I will totally take 1 of the shirts off your back.
similarly, i find that 90% of the emails i receive that are marked with high importance in outlook are about office parties
Another performance nite at Vintage Ultra Lounge w and more! #WHOOP!!
It's a little known fact that Queen Elizabeth is a big fan of A Shark's Tale.
Chili Cheese Fritos
People tweet their business all the time but I don't see tweets about brushing teeth. You people are gross bad breath losers
I am not at all satisfied with the new moon soundtrack. Ugh
haha thank u :)
Good luck to Steve Stricker as he goes for the "three peat" at the JD Classic!
Researching uses for Twitter in business. Anybody have pointers?
Eek. We didn't do one again this year. Next year, though. Parents of the year! :)
but please change your eve. picks to crappy bands; hence diverting traffic away from ones i want to see.
dreamed you were sleeping and i jumped in the nest and smacked you with a sandwich!
Gamedayregistration.com will be coming soon. Check us out! Like us, follow us, the whole deal!!
“: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.” >>> Wow.
Kentucky had the best basketball team I've seen in awhile
#justAintcool when a chick has big tits but no ass
there is still too much of a "I think I should be using this technology somehow" out there.
done with my speech. im so relieved :)
It's Complicated
There are about 15 movies coming out this year that I want to see.
What about a star or two been traded?
It's in the bag! But keep it on the DL from Romney Hawks (cheating enough already) RT : What do you think our chances are...
insomnia is no fun at a time like this
I swear this life I live is amazing. I need a reality tv show
Just because has never RTed you.. Doesn't mean that he doesn't care about you. He loves all his beliebers ♥
Just shot +7 at Henry Jackson, sans driver. Not bad for the first round of
New Years Resolutions anyone... 1. Enjoy more local wine :)
I live in New Jersey, USA :) I love Brazil, I want to go there one day :D
ah, now I see, roughly a year
Thanks do following. :) Nice description.
Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down.
Gheez. Really struggling to find a good movie to watch on
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
Don't nobody wants to be down with you unless your doing better then them
Stresses the fuck out 😞
I got some much-needed chocolate today, too! Except remember when those meltaways melted in my purse during Dragon Tattoo!?!
always, always
Should have about 4 laps to go on restart come on get a Jump on Power and don't let go, but be careful.
you should play a cop that has a serious looking face. A few issues at home and an expert at Kung Fu. Id pay to see that.
now also some in #NetworkingUncommons too ^^
I need one of these chairs at home
turned it again as host (and as Amish)!
Nobody really... My two teams are not playing so it dont really matter..
Drink to your health! Adding extra water to your diet can flush out toxins and waste products from the body.
Don't tweet....pitch!!! If not pitching...writing content....Good luck bro...We miss you already...
I need to stop listening to this Pandora station
Okay.. Havent tweeted in like 3 days.. having withdrawls... I am back and I want more followers.. HELP ME REACH 1000. THANKS
Honey, NOBODY knows anal like mormons and, no, i cannot elaborate.
love you Molly! Wish you were here:) How's the birthing going?
I want to be like when I grow up!
I choose not to pick a side to support in this case because I wasn't there that night nor have I seen all the evidence
“: God, I love being in the friend zone.”
So in the mood! Raining,so rainy days are the perfect day for sex! hahaha!
Made an instagram.. Find & follow me! :D
you don't love me...
probably no amount of emotion can describe how much I miss you right now.
They are usually a split-second late in realizing the light has turned red due to haste
is it weird that I just unintentionally read those capitalized words in your man voice? Lmfao
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit distressed that is shutting down my updates soon.
Today is a good day. Today I'm watching the Cardinals play the Cubs at Wrigley.
A China Meetings Summit took place recently to give insight into how China is poised to capture high profile business events.
Happy birthday BP!! ": I have the greatest friends in the world. "Looking forward to the memories to right now" #winning"
as much as I like Cover It Live, you may want to consider for your future live chats and ongoing conversation.
The beer def makes this game!
#1 I have a MAC-don't need it, and I think Norton is worse than a virus. #2 Don't spam. It's not becoming!
Why faux? Real but misguided fear of allowing e-filing meant metrics only. EPA/NARA leading the way to more
thanks guys! maybe we'll see you at on the 25th
same here bro... Keep giving the Jesus! You matter!
365 days until Vegas! Whoop Whoop!
Child is sleeping, dog is sleeping, I have three computers in front of me - which freaking project should I work on?
Def isn't easy. RT : I salute everyone that's a full time student, full time worker and still makes time for their loved ones
#DETROPIA will be making its world premiere in competition at the in January 2012!
I'm up at 2a for work. So there's no use going to sleep :(
And to you i say goodnight
Gettin ready for work, it's a new day #teamtito all day
Finished 12 OFL/EPHS packets in 3 days . I'm pretty Freakin' proud of myself . :) 12 Tests tomorrow . Hope I pass them. #
no worry, i've escalated the matter to the regional management team to see what we can do for you. expect a call from us
So do most of the voting dems in this state...
#Ballard Town Hall: "One of the most important roles of city gov. is to create a place that businesses can do well" ^jh
thanks for the yummiest late night oysters last night!
Just went back and watched the Biggest Fan with in it #bringingbackmemories ;)
Follow for score updates as they happen. They play Army and UConn later today, beat Temple this AM
What #movie is this from? "We'll always have Paris."
": Hey Wyd.."-bout to head back to GA in a little. & yourself?
stress is the worst, sex is the best
When 'Montrose' by comes on shit goes down.
You're so classy, cursing on all your tweets and showing tits in all your pictures. #respect #you'redoingitright
,great good riddance
Were do you live. I know, it was like 83 degrees on monday.
If you missed last nite's beer dinner, tonite's sliders are inspired by that menu, including Saison Dupont cheese sauce. Don't want to miss!
Everybody talking bout project x...can't wait to go see it with my cuzzo !!!
#10thingsthatannoyme : 6. When I have to pee, but im stuck in traffic.
Uhm. If your mini skirt isnt tight.. You should probably eat a twinkie woman...
That awkward moment when you gently toss your phone on your bed & it decides to bounce off three walls, knock down two lamps, & kill a cat.
"A proposal submitted "to get our name out there" in a shotgun approach can be less-than-favorable in the eyes of your potential client."
"And what do you do?" "I'm in the business of providing a lifetime of phenomenal memories." Me too, sir...me too.
What is Arthur...? Anteater or bunny.. Tell us now
It's about that time ladies and gents..Donald Driver on #DWTS..Everyone vote vote vote!
BREAKING: Secret Service investigation into allegations of misconduct in Colombia continues & 3 additional employees have chosen to resign
