you should have invited me to go watch it with you :)
The 'meet the authors/lightning round' still going strong!
Hunger Games Spoiler!!! Plot: The rich make the poor compete in games to stay alive. Ending: Poor defeat Mitt Romney, impose 70% tax rate.
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists... Magnetic Biodefense... Technical information...
LOL #BabyLuxfollowme is #1 TT she's 7 months year old people!! its made by a fan and i'm sure of that
UGHZ! I know I heard! SUCH lame balls!! I'll probably end up doing the same...
The greatest thing you can ever ask God to give you is Wisdom.
No taco incidence?
Little shout out to learnings.org with that one... I love made up words.
. So does that mean I don't get a kegerator?!
I'm taking my caar! I can pick u up cus ur right there from steffy I'm picking her up and bessy since she's lives there too
Shocking: ": Netflix shares get pummeled after company reports fewer subscribers than expected." I wonder why that happened?
MT : Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival. Come show your #NPHWff love! Only at
Good luck to and reaching the final table of !
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Thank you for RT that! We're excited to be able to share with you all the cool things happening around the shop!
thanks for the support Tim!
I think it's time to hang it up with the spammers taking over. Thanks
Every breath is an opportunity to receive and let go. I receive love and I let go of pain. ~BMacIntyre
So I'm going to relax and watch an episode of Boy meets World. Sounds good 😏
One Life to Live ends Friday, after a 43 year run. There is an interesting documentary to be made about the end of this era. 43 years!
Will do! We take great care of all of our guests :-)
Glad you enjoyed your visit!
Its Friday at #sioure we are in the process of developing new #SEO Strategies
love the Bengals but you can't bump for a Bengal. It's MARCH MADNESS !
I hope you read cause I'm not I have 2 tests to study for lol
today is Free Fries Friday, I'll be there soon!
At the hospital with my strong mother🙏💗
Listen to pretty Ricky
For the online #Poker player, #SCOOP kicks off today on | Good luck to those able to play!
How's Miss Muffet today?
I'm a sucker for love stories.
#phdchat How specifically? What did you have trouble with that we (the EndNote developers) could look to fix?
Therapy flow.
Common sense is like deodorant. . . . The people who need it most never use it!
thnx and sure ill follow u
“: #vaumc11 did we turn on the heat inside here?” Amen. That or the CFA report = hell.
#middleschoolmemories The Science Fair!
R.i.P to Donna Summer Dorchester born and believed that music was her way out of trouble just like me
its only 30 now
You cuffed her & now she playing the game.. I'm the cheat code
You get what you give.
Just when I'd stopped worrying about you... RT : THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
Yeah, you don't care about me.. You never talk to me. Sadly, you're all I think about.
Indeed! Or, relatedly, nothing succeeds like success.
My child your suffering, along with other chosen souls, will intensify during Holy Week.
Just forgot my id and admission ticket and got kicked out of the sat
perfect 80 degree day. Light breeze. Warm water. Love it
Get ready for summer break! Coming March 20th we are bringing you local CAMP deals!
"Tonight is gonna be legend- (wait for it) -ary. - Barney Stinson
I am bound and determined to find a pink Louisville slugger bat tomorrow. We actually need 2.
A Drop In The Ocean - Ron Pope :)
God night world!!!!!
Thinking about starting a tumblr.
Lol I give up on my job. It's so useless
My Facial reco was ON. Facebook is our friend !
You have basically built my commercial, in case I trademark this thing and go live trying to sell it!
The only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning its head are the rabbit and the parrot.
Due to a scheduling conflict, our games this weekend have been moved to OU!! #letsgeaux!
It's hilarious cause I love when people get mad. I also love near-death scenes in movies
#amwriting was not quite defeated by cold/flu. i sniffled and groaned through it. now to grading.
Wrock it! RT : A quiz you didnt study for isnt so bad when several of the questions are about Harry Potter.
I cried when the #sjsharks were eliminated.
I feel like hitting someone with my mochila tomorrow.
Please help. I have 666 followers. I don't like that number.
Yo Denver needs to calm the fuck down
You're featured a few times :)
Everybody know to be real with me. I rather u be real then tell me some bs u think i wanna hear
Happy Mother's day everyone!
RT Firefighter to Trooper 2: "I'll give you the latitude & longitude for the landing zone from my IPHONE!"
who's having a good day send me a smile :) lol.....
Ganna go to Austin's house. I just hope everything goes well.
The Earthquake Drink Special for all of our followers today just ask for the “It Ain’t Obama’s Fault Martini”
liked the bird seeds too ;)
Steve Harvey Blazer is on point!
Guys that actually have some sense!
Anyone out there interested in helping get our favorite librarian get to #ISTE12?
Bought myself an early Christmas present. A donation to That guy is a total hero. Follow him and check out his work
I was laughing out loud in kitchen! Cats wondered what was going on...
I'm trying to convince her Radio Milwaukee is the cool music.
You too, Faith!
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King Jr
Getting ready for my date.
Bob bought this team in Mid 90's for under $90mil and now its worth $380-400mil. He doesnt want to win. Hes happy with $15mil a yr
...thanks for the follow! I followed you back and look forward to reading your tweets!
Do an old school, an old school dance, do it #old school!
Postgame on Sat!
Who wants to go to go to Miami beach with me to find Miley??
I’m proud to say, however, that my steamer trunk does not now contain, nor has it ever contained, a poem.
love you too ! Lol
When dance mom ends ON abbie crying
Did little Lil Jon (Lil'er Jon?) grow up bragging to teachers that one day he'd be the greatest "LET'S GO!" screamer of all time? Yeah!
A man falls in love just as he falls downstairs. It is an accident
Lmao all salty! But yeah for sure I will bffffl<3
Attending Ship Tour - Carnival Dream
I'M A PART OF #MindlessTwerkTeam LETS GO #TeamPrince lol we out
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me! Phil. 4:13
LOL i could care less
when you finna show me a whole new world on a magic carpet ride lil mah
how is everybody's Monday going so far??
It's too pretty outside to be in class all day!
The Matrix is still a great film on the seventeenth viewing. However, I could do without the lobby shoot 'em up. Film lost elevation there.
You would think that, you ignorant Yankee
feeling good
Dude. Y-MM-DD is clearly superior.
Party time. All the time.
What the hell do people think when they put "then" instead of "they" and forget the apostrophe in "shit's"?
Cry me a river, and I'll follow you to the bank
I'm grateful for the people in my life. In the end, it's not abt quantity, it's abt quality. And let me tell you, these friends are quality.
Mashable Explore makes finding that article I read a few weeks back so much easier! Thanks
Let me know ifyou need something.
Roses are red violets are blue i never knew what love was til the day i met you......love ya <3 =)
Really want to go see Lil Wayne in concert!!
Just got the SICKEST deal on a Kodak Play Touch baby camcorder/flip cam. $69, 1080p w/external mic outlet. Me thinks 'll B pleased
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! EverFi thanks all our dedicated teachers who are helping teach students critical skills
bandpage is a FB app that we use to highlight our Artist of the Month. there is some auto share feature that I need to turn off
Anyone can make a mistake. Admit a mistake worthy. Apologize courageous. Resume the strengths.
yeah buddy !
lol come on i was young now give me a break how was i supposed to know
So wish I was at the game. Should have pulled the trigger and gone. They are up 3-1 in 6th right now. 2nd game to start after 7p
either for me!
I set fire to the rain.. Adele is amazing. :)
it is true love<3
I wish it would leave it in my closet ;)
I'm finalizing my research on social media policies! If I get through the day as planned, I'll have analyzed more than 100 policies. Fun!
watching American idol!!
Thanks a million Meagan Day! Have a lovely Sunday afternoon.
Geena Davis feels same frustration that many npo board members do: tell me how to help you - be specific - lets go
Not well! Valentine is a nut
When all the hot guys from your old school start talking to you AFTER you move. #Really !? Haha
Really?! Awh dang! That's stupid! We should ask if there's any way they can get it to you!
RT seriously, y'all really need to follow for his independent, dogged reporting on
Kay I voted for Fanny Pak 7 times already (;
so sick of listening to everyone and no one listening to me
Just a Super Bowl Sunday wish that doesn't get too nervous and that she burned the Red Hoodie. Go !
Ain't nothing like spending the holidays in the south. . . Jus sayin.
"You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do."
It's terrible, I don't think I've washed it since ...October?
I just saw this on a church sign in Somerville, "Thoughtfulness is to a friendship what sunshine is to a garden."
I value respect, integrity, and community. It is a joy to collaborate with others who share those values.
It's snowing outside and it's 10 outside that's freeZing
Thank you for the retweet we really appreciate it! :o)
your voice, i can die of happiness now.
Kid:Oh I see a piece of candy Mom: Don't touch that Samantha Kid: okay Mommie. Kid:picks up condom puts it in mouth yummy. Mom:wtf
what r u your plans 4 the day
You are making a difference!
That's what my sister's had to do when she moved to Cleveland. We're a bunch of sissies in her book now!
Sure! The site looks great!! Congrats. RT : Thanks for the Retweet!
Congratulations to the Dayton Flyers - 2011 Old Spice Classic Champions! Final score 86-70.
Happy humpback whale day!! Can't believe we're already halfway through the week!
yea they were stressing grandma out
": If you See Someone on #MBTA #tracks, Say Something! Call us 6172221212. Your call may save a life!"
i cant get any more tattoos till after bootcamp -__-
nobody messes with the bear jew!
I seen u on dat YouTube video memphis cypher y'all did Yal thang on thur
Funny, the other night at dinner the server offered up an Arnold Palmer. Never had that suggested to me at a restaurant before.
Master p a genius yo
If a new mom celeb ever said "I'm exhausted, he won't stop crying for no reason and honestly, he looks like a raisin" I'd be a fan for life.
It's raining & storming, frogs are louder than ever..hello good night's sleep. -_-
That junt hard
Iowa/IU basketball means a divided house for Murley Shertz.
& we agreed that life would be a day on you and the next on me
the concept of yolo is get a bitch pregnant
so tru bro..my wife's filipino and i can't tell diff btwn her clothes and my 3 year olds..lol
Thanks! I've never been an inpatient before so I consider myself lucky. I'll be trying my hardest to stay out of that place.
Glad to welcome 2012 with you!
where is your office again??
'Palpable tension' in the DRC Congo as elections results are being counted via reporting from #NPR Ofeibea Quist Arcton
What's been your favorite issue of Bleu Mag?....
Tony Horton, the creator of P90X, will be on the Today Show Monday morning!! Don't miss it! Beachbody rocks!!
Ancient device for basic organization of knowledge: BOOK. - Alan Kay
Just spent 2 days removing viruses in other peoples' computers. Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool is the best & free
fingers crossed he can move JR down the list!
RT Reading about aerobic exercise prescription, fun
your The Man How many fish u catch???
Why am I so alone in this world? I just want someone to love who loves me back just the same...
Woo hoo! Thanks for donating, we always appreciate it and it's especially great during the holiday season. :)
I do love you. I front for nobody. you on the other hand....ol fake ass
Table read for our new #webseries tonight. Make sure to check out FB page and site for pics and behind the scenes content!
I know I'm kind of behind on this, but I just finished ME3 and I'm not sure how I feel.
You really start to appreciate kind people when you live in nyc.
It's a ghost town around here. These feds are taking telework, liberal leave seriously today, huh?
Going to bed, church at 7:30 tomorrow!
Knowing his work in Football Cops and the SportsCenter commercials, expecting an MVP performance from Eli Manning on SNL
Very cool - looking forward to seeing it
Find out how to handle hurt, from aches and pains to heartbreak, today at www.psychologytoday.com || RT
I'm speaking tomorrow at #TASAmw about #immigration information for school districts at 8:30AM in Room 18A. Come by & chat!
that's so badass!
buy #TTYLXOX by on itunes...request on radio disney...It is an amazing song! you will love it! #TTYLXOX <3
r u going to change your twitter profile pic to read 'stopped soap' now?
And just like those 2 door fords man they don't making like me no more.
The year of the dancer...Best dancers ever at the Miss America pageant!!
ill get u a copy when u visit me but u should still buy it to support me. It's dropping through interscope
Thanks for the follow
I hate my face too much
Today's Annuls of EM - "Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of post-lumbar puncture HA"
I'm late to this Petrino thing, but I'm assuming Tiger Woods' ex-wife was chasing them down the street with a 7 iron.
I film my part in the documentary of The Rite early tomorrow morning. I'm part of a recreation of an exorcism.
#NowPlaying "Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
I can't believe you just put my uncombed hair on TWITTER! #ionlyputitonFACEBOOK #thediscreetsocialnetwork #whatsnext #REDDIT?
Busy day of coaching calls :) How is your day going?
is the truck menu online, tony?
Do we have any real fashion bloggers with a following? 25-35 yrs of age.
#uksglive would argue that an article is not fit for purpose - his purpose = research
That awkward moment when you realize you have no clue what the person talking to you just said -- watched that happen to someone today haha
"Do I need to fucking spell it out for you?" - angry spelling bee contestant
Thanks, , for convening a conference call before any of us reporters got a chance to see the Strategic Partnership Agreement.
Looking forward to et al at #pubappx this pm. But first: luntion!
Packing it in early so I can start roasting basket orders tomorrow! Oh yea!
Gee, I wish someone would advertise their book on twitter once in awhile.
Tropical Punch or Strawberry Banana? Which are you having with breakfast this morning?
how are you doing these days?
What are those thingys called? ther lil balls that get bigger when u put them in water..ther squishy? lol idk but there fun to play with :D
Leaving studio cave and it's past midnight. Where does the time go?
It's times like that that make me want the thesis writing stress back.
Cussing up a storm during this #HEATgame till my mom gets back
6 votes away from TOP 5 now guys! Please go to the link in my description to like it! =)
i just made one up. haha
RT : Research: the lower a student's achievement, the less they want to work in groups. "I don't want them to know I'm...
Harden is ball so hard
dang. i was hoping you would say you broke your leg and couldn't do it. oh well, here goes nothing! what should i bring friday?
I'm working on it lmao
I just want to play a show
So much on neurogenesis in this week's NYT magazine! It's like rereading every psych paper I wrote in college.
Happy Labor Day Austin! To show our love we have a huge sale going on today til 8pm! Save big on Simmons, futons, or any sort of furniture!!
I get cranky when I don't go out dancing for a while. Which is the cause and which is the effect?
I have phone messages from 2 wks ago that I haven't listened. Sorry.
Bought it at Vromans, first time in there, love the store, did not enjoy getting stalked then awkwardly asked out....
LOL!!RT : Michelle is going to take matters into her own hands. Apparently Brad has renamed his penis again.
#Fact The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
yeah. Tons of colorful rain ponchos and umbrellas. Just need to wait for some light to shine on them...
that's a great question. I was surprised enough by "50-Bieb". Maybe Ricky Martin?
Now, Tay-Tay.... Don't be hating my team just cause they got TALENT & SKILLS! You wanna make a bet on that, big boy? :-)
Have a great time.....
Sale on T~Shirts @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
I was at the SBJ conf. today where they announced Michael Vick signing an endorsement deal w/ Nike. 557 media articles already written.
Just saw a woman giving a 2 yr old little girl #coffee to drink. Thats just awful.
I wish you could understand the way I feel about you.
Tell Me About It! Well gtg ttyl sowwy bye love ya no homo! Have a great trip be safe have fun! Gonna miss ya! Omg.. Nate;(
It's pronounced "sit and spin"
Two obstacles for ProfDev: time & resistant teachers. Some answers? A) carving out school day time B) successes!
Be on the lookout for S.O.L. Highly Anticipated Mixtape by the Beat Murderers (Daze & Big Whoa) ████████████████] 99%
“: Guitars and Cadillacs!!”hillbilly music
I'm spending today with my girlfriend.
#imagine Harry : I wanna thank you.. You: For what? Harry: for being there for me. you: Im always going to be there for you.
I am actually really liking the new Internet Explorer 9! Especially the grab and pin feature!
At my cousin Rudy's house, for his house warming party and watchin the fight =)
choose to be amenable to Success, you never know where it will guide you perhaps to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
almost just drove off the road lol
Sonics RT : Who Wins The Series? Lakers or Thunder
All starting point volunteers, wear ORANGE this Sunday! We will be celebrating our first Serve-a-palooza!!!
You can go hard or you can go home!
All of us have wonders hidden in our breasts, only needing circumstances to evoke them. ~Charles Dickens
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
huh? aha
im bored :/ im going to get something to eat :) food is good.
Just a typical lazy Sunday around the house.
Thank you man city that goal not only may have secured you the premiership but also left door open for to still finish 3rd.
Did you know that we make our own chipotle ketchup? It's mighty good!
haha yes I am! A very rare find for sure ;)
#Hairsalons & #stylists How much $$$ are U losing in missed appts? Our built in scheduler sends #text reminders direct 2 UR client's
People's hairstyles irritate the shit out of me.
Love that I won a gorgeous bag from ! And it’s vegan and eco-friendly!
Bout to get in the air. Love southwest airlines.
Last night though...👯☺
Give me your hand 
I've earned the Level 1 Rising Don Achievement in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
so I made it through college without becoming obese.
producing the Robert Haack Diamonds Basketball Post Game Show on
i wish i was going to be at raw nobody told me i would be there but that be awesome im going to be home watchin it
re-submit the site is the only thing i can think of
New web page comming soon! Take a look at the old one before it goes! www.spirearchitecture.com
ADR session for "Happy & Bleeding" today! Can't wait to watch me sass Matthew Settle on the big screen!
lmao just heard the funniest pick up line "Is that a mirror in your pants? Cuz i can definitely see my self in the" ;) lmao
hell ya! Now we can motivate each other :) haha
We're hiring a Systems Engineer to design, plan, execute and install the current infrastructure to support new applications & technologies
Justin Beiber on #Ridiculousness ......As long as he doesn't sing 😁
SHE FUCCIN DE CREW!!!!
maybe he'll do Aristotle next?
East Hampton is like Aspen without the skiing.
"...life is a goal and to live is to achieve goals" says Robert. Check out his great blog at blog.IamINC.biz!
Ugh, don't miss those nights! ...yes I do :(
Brett Bielema is the Norv Turner of College Football. Just down right terrible coaching in big situations. Caused all 3 L's!
im thirsty ,.
this is something I can get into! Your husband is a nut! And funny...
Follow my Tumblr... if you can dig it up...
So proud of my VCU Rams bball team. Final 32 is great for a rebuilding year after losing 4 of 5 starters from the Final Four Team.
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
is definitely delicious, but my preference is for the Bakersfield Basque food.
Almost doesn't count
aw i know
leave enough room to buy me a t-shirt :P RT : ": I'm trying to pack give a guy a break
and its raining....again
mama mia mama mia mama mia let me go...
I like chocolate.
I'm so familiar with Wordpress but Pyro/EECMS's channel fields and insanely simple tagging systems are really nice.
Hahaha! RT I think you should go for it! I can say "I knew you when...."
All over 300 right now dude!!
better at soccer and softball. The ball is too small for me to hit because I'm used to the big yellow balls!!! ;)
Yes, I have my feet up at the MOMA cafe while you eat an overpriced dinner. Stop staring.
Hi, nice to be connected and read this. These are very interesting and valuable questions. I will think about them, too.
Just saw! Congrats. Very much looking forward to your stuff. I have our producer hooked on !
RT Congrats to & on being in the 1st class of Catapult (a new #Chicago #incubator) ow.ly/7r0HK
Me too. I'd rather play my least favorite game with four great people than play my favorite game with four arrogant clowns.
I started writing a song around this amazing chord but now the spark has gone. I need more!
angry birds rules :D
what time is it there? :O
video comin soon my dog
Hey Brooklyn I'm following you can you follw me. xoxo ;-) thanks Bobby Howard
thank you! One day I'll do likewise!
#Greenhill is up next at the
Thank you thank you!
Looking to have your photo taken with Santa? The proceeds go to a great cause and you can even bring your pets! Thanks Sisters!
Getting my workout on at Vida fitness with scotty j!
Watching the princess bride
So bored.... It dont make no sense
How can Obama know his own daughters age? He got it wrong twice during a press conference?
Restaurant added a $1 to the tip that I left which was already more than 20%. Do I dispute it on principle or let it go?
try texting me when u get the chance
Me either ! RT I can't take IG on Thursdays.
Sunday Funday! Get brunch at Spanish restaurant 1492 and kickback with a Sangria! (Oh, and earn some LocalBonus points!)...
I love California sunshine ! ☀💛
Hope dangles on a string like slow spinning redemption
Your environment can inspire innovation. What surrounds you?
Austin's hair looks soft. I want to pet it. No I am not weird.
Great party at Wistar Institute to benefit research. Rabies, German measles vaccine invented there. Adele Schaeffer honored last nt.
haha thx for the heads up!! :)
swinging the sticks at Shorewood! Family party though, wasn't allowed to leave!
goodluck to in his game today FSU. but remember it is always just a game and play it like the game it is.
come with me (i think serg is going too)
The LORD will give strength to His people; the LORD will bless His people with peace.-Psalms 29:11
sucks to suck
Life is good. Vanderbilt is evil.
Wonder if the ACC Presidents still think Pitt & Syracuse were better picks for the powerful ACC than WVU!
don't go runnin off without a proper last hoorah
Haven't been around n awhile, lot of personal "stuff" going on but the BS drama is nearing an end so should be on here more soon.
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 670 W, Columbus, using Waze - Drive Social
Nice! Go get 'em tiger!
Good night with my girl
Ha..Propane..
To my mom (who is technically on twitter but probably won't see this) happy mothers day!
Pi, Pi, ADPi, like it, love it, ADPi, want it, need it, gotta repeat it, I just love that ADPi. 💎
Time for some writing. Just need to clear my head - these egg rolls should help :P
Thanks, Helen. That ice cream is really good, enjoy!
I miss Fukadome so much....
thanks!! So exciting to see everything we did around town!
Feel like I'm not good enough
Ok so vincent ustreams when im not home. Ok
Mojito would be good light and minty m
10 people shot @ funeral home in Miami, Fl - 1 person is dead. What is really happening in this world?
Life goes on.
ewww i should be doing homework.. i have a research paper due and a four page study guide... i havent started haha
SCHOLL: "It's all about the student-athlete. That's why we are all here. I come from a culture where the word student was capitalized."
exactly, a ? I asked in school: how are we going to use this in the real world?"
“: happy birthday karleeelovesyou i love you, hope you had a good day :)” I love you & thank you :)
*heart pitter pattering* You always shine.
Have an awesome idea for an episode.
Thanks for the heads up...but I missed it :/
i love someone?? guess who
Back when I was in art school, Mike Kelley was a wise, discerning teacher—so present that I’d forget, briefly, to be in awe of him. RIP.
Birthday ending in 9 stressed me much more than upcoming birthday ending in 0.
I've missed bein in booty shorts x)
I would love to but I have to work during the day.
I'm exiting the teenage years this month. Just thought I'd post this random tidbit...lol
Hey there, (CathrynPaternos), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hi Angela. Thank u for following. Nice 2 meet u. Have a #blessed day :)
#1 on their breakfast menu is amazing! The migas are good too. I love their green sauce.
Have a great weekend yall
yikes that terrible.. I'm sorry u always run into the real "winners" out here.. Hope ur alright!
thank you so much for tellin ppl to follow your amazing!
I HEART & New Flavor Tropical Stampede!"Win Tix 2 the Tasting Party
Talk to ": sa, did u get my email for that design I sent"
i hope my otha twitter account doesnt get this much of a follow-followers ratio this shit crazy
Have fun there, Team. I might put mine in the shop this week.
Will be as soon as Cats take care of little business. Then time for Reds to roll on Central.
It's a beautiful day here, I think I need to get outside.
Let the adventures begin.
i live in bk ny it would be awesome if i could meet u when u come to ny show u round the big town
RT : "Avoid surprises. It's not Christmas, it's a website!"
tha ks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
hence why I dont initiate contact first...~___~ ....hate feeling like im bugging ppl
I'm mad these niggas dealin right infront of me
There's a sign for 'analog tweets.' I think they misspelled 'graffiti.'
Maybe just maybe tex can step it up a bit?
Change has to start somewhere. Why not where it matters the most: with getting patrons and students stoked!
The eyes of man are never satisfied
won't last I gnte u
ON ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY
A man needs a little madness or else he never dares to cut the rope & be free. -Nikos Kazantazkis
ugh going to johns soccer game. Live tweet me??
is so beautiful!!! Love the Boyfriend video ~
Another brilliant movie *#The King of Comedy* #Jerry Lewis
the today show interview with michael ealy was a little painful. lol
Do you accept the idiosyncracies of others?
might be hard to get em this time of year but I'm
I ran out of the milkshake that brought the boys to the yard but I haven't had a gag reflex since the 80s & I make jokes so hit me up fellas
when are your days off?! I KNOW I ALREADY WISHED HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AT MIDNIGHT ERIC.
So i am doing laundry at 1130 at night...this so out of character for me
Next year im tryna be a walk on for CSU
currently chopping up the field recordings into sample-based instruments in Ableton Live, musique concrete style.
Approximately 52 hours until Fall Season '11 gets under way! Be sure to come out to support #MURFC ------it is sure to be an exciting match
We will be holding an info session at MLK Library on on 6/23 at 11:30 am. Email for more info!
Just outed by my itunes screensaver launching into bagpipe music during a performance review. #ouch sorry
It's not okay! It's never okay!
I cant get apps something is wrong with my cellular data device holder thingy :(
In Hood River apple picking, from farm stands. Gorgeous views of Mt Hood from the road & that fresh blueberry tampanada!
S/O to on all ur success. Im a engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, #followback so i can DM u
Because all religious books should be filed in that category!
How much fun is this?! RT : We are having another on April 14th! Look forward to putters in the Third Ward.
#quotes #success A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
is #Following back #FF : thank you & I hope you tweet me in English. Sorry I don't speak any other languages ;(
Awesome! This one and "Fire & Ice" are the only ones I'm missing!" I do think "Brothers" is one of Yngwie's best songs!
Strangest start to Sanders' #stateofcity. Eminem, Occupy, Jerry chants of the Springer kind. Not sure if I should be amused or appalled.
Big score for FOX RT : Fox & Telemundo win 2018 & 2022 World Cup TV rights.
“: Just finished season 2 finale of Boardwalk Empire. I'm fucking speechless. SPEECHLESS!!!” AGREED!! I was floored!
An inspector calls: the day the head of Ofsted visited one school: Sir Michael Wilshaw, the new head of Ofsted, ..
A4: chron and funct can check the requirements boxes, but we should be hiring on much more than that
happy Easter sweetheart!!!! I know we keep saying it but drinks soon!!!!
luckily, both tracks lead to Seattle
In a sense, identity online has become both more virtual and more real, says Steve Jones, at Meeting of the Minds event at UIC
Tell President and the : Its time to Label GMOs! Please RT #Obama #label #GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Thanks guys!
*bell rings* sheridon taking his slow lil time through thehall sipping his mickey d's sweet tea lmao
lol you ain't gonna do nothing so.....
Happy Friday!
If you didn't get a chance to stop by this past weekend, no worries. Hit us for our Kimchi Bowl lunch today!
Your welcome I just hope this doesn't affect u and tj. If it does Thani never ment ti
Our famous Fuji salad dressing is now in plastic bottles. YUM!
twitter! i'm teaching dance class tonight. what's your favorite "let the wild rumpsus start!" song?
I think a lame got beat up or sumthin
this world is so awkward.
I think you have a new avatar pic. :)
I look wasted, did you roofie me?
TU letter to Editor: Opposes Anti-Discrimination law because it discriminates against people's right to discriminate on 'moral' grounds.#???
I think they just do stuff to make me laugh
ahaha good seein u old friend :)
Ha! Well we appreciate you asking your wife to vote extra hard. Every little bit counts! ^jh
A little cucumber vodka and now it's time to do inventory. Did I mention I love my job?
Congrats to our dear friend for raising all that money for "the kids". The Chappy's are so very proud of you!!
so true!
u like it??
get off?
welcome ;d you just made my day
"what did you say?"
yes!!! #KANSAS will WIN!!
I swear it's like when people get fat they completely lose the knowledge that when they bend over their ass crack will show.
im going to turn it in when the reading is turned in. Im not reading ahead because I have stupid study questions...
She said she count her sex partners on both hands,,really so I gotta multiply that Times 5 cool..
Thanks Alex, Cyrus, Josh and friends of the Uni who played on the cube today in Prospect Park. We're excited to return soon at full scale.
now has 65% of its operation virtualized via its private cloud, and it's aiming to reach 75% soon.
It's going to be killer! Can't wait for people to see it.
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #4 The Power of Attraction - You have to have valuable messages and good content to get someone to notice
it is so freakin' good! And congrats about the new job :-) I'll see if I can work something out with that song!
When I'm old and sickly, I hope my future wife and kids bring me to the Usinger's Brat Farm to live out my remaining days. That, or shoot me
recommended you
RT I have a surprise for you (wonder what it is)
until you have to meet with a client
I love you too!
Everyday I think about the Marines and just makes me want it more and more. Can't wait for that day to be one of the greatest warriors
When will the E Note EA800 make its way to the US? Almost tired of waiting & starting to look elsewhere. :(
“: #dreamchaser2 I'm Rollin my favorite song”>> this shit rockin sis ...I bangs wit meek mill !!
I love
. SAINTS! Black & Gold in the Superbowl!
Best Weekend Was When I Gotta Lay My ahead Aganst His chest! </3
Cotto wins round 8 but only way he wins this fight is to beat the champ
New Music Sunday: “The Whole Love” by Wilco
Watching transformers from part 1 to part 3
Static-y hair?! Ugh! Spray hairspray on your brush and brush it through. Crisis averted.
o wow okay....well nice to meet you and happy new years...
Are you on the list? Kicks Off SXSWi w/ DG at the W tomorrow night. List closes at 5pm 2day-RSVP party-at-dachisgroup-dot-com.
no worries!
I'm OK. Hanging in there. Thinking about moving. How are you doing?
Any good content management plugins for a blog? My wordpress was hacked and I am thinking about switching!
RT : Oh shiiiit hide your heels & fish nets!!! There is De La Hoya!!!! < JAJAJAJA you are so wrong
We need your book recommendations! Tell us what to out on the schedule for Open Book Club?
Closing till 11 can be the worst shift and sometimes the best shift... Its a 50/50 right now! Bored. But happy Liz is here with me ♥
RT : Lawsuit number 51, Camarena v. #NFL, filed in CA St Ct. It's a wrongful death lawsuit on behalf of late Curtis Whitley
#FlockaVoice O Let's Do It!
it's not like it used to be.
Birthday dinner!
"if we gonna do it, we gonna do it big" #wiz <33
Tonight, 8p ! ": Do you like Saturday? And nights? And live? Good, bc & Vanessa Bayer are coming! "
shit just got real .
Can you explain red boning?
u want to
Time to get rowdy!!
It's an old slingerland nighthawk. Ain't worth much. How much you got!? I'll take it.
FUCKING 19 DAYS UNTIL THE CONCERT!!! :D
Drop some off at the Studio...
More local political TV buys than I can recall in past primaries. Not sure if any really stand out.
Drats, the strawberries in the fridge have grown goatees.
No doubt ... You put that work in today Salute!! Go get another Victory down in South Beach!
Aint no You in next Lol
Tip #167: Play your bluffs & your strong hands the same way. You will get paid off when you have it and earn pots when you don't.
#TakeCare such an amazing song!!
Fuck la traffic
take a super shuttle! Cheapest!
i never plan on reading that series....
Can't wake up today...
I dont even know if im gonna go haha.
Noticed you missed out on DCist Exposed opening? Hope you find time to see the exhibit - Had some good stuff!
Beth is our daytime bartender today, and it's Happy Hour all day long. $4 premium well, $3 Jager Shots, $4 Jameson Shots, $3 Beers.
Looking forward to discussing global higher ed with US State Dept's Special Rep. Reta Jo Lewis during her campus visit on Friday
watching, listening, tweet, chatting, simultaneously... wow thanks for this format, Global Conversations in Literacy Research
Just branded the office with our logo and it looks AMAZING!!!
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten.
that's crazy talk
Wake up with passion. Allow it to carry you through your day :-)
Un-work related: our child lost her first tooth today. Sniff. and I remember when it came in. #ifsheisgettongoldwe'regettingold
Congrats!! It is kinda cool to be connected with NCSS presenters!! I apologize for the exclamations.
MLS stream went down
#inspirational loved the song! Couldn't make a true blue colts fan feel better.
In the fourth straight start in which Sabathia goes eight innings, he punches out ten #Rays tonight.
Google "baby sloth". A sloth would be my kind of pet!
Having the biggest #IDGAF day.
'Harry Potter' author J.K. Rowling set to release her first adult novel
Don't forget about the Neighborhood Walk and BBQ this Saturday, January 28th. Enjoy good friends and good food while discussing the issues!!
Can't decide what I want to do to my Class ring. Small problem yes, but its bugging the hell out of me. #ughreallyirritated >.<
muzak version of "superstitious"--just play some xmas music already plzzzzz
SEC Charges New Jersey Man In Real Estate Investment Scam
I know what you mean, I have to live with 6 younger siblings.
When is the best time to ski? Superbowl. Ski all day with no lift lines, go home and watch your recordings of the commercials. 2013 planning
do you prefer playing in a dome or outdoors?
your hair would never come up short! you blaspheme!
RT : Mother's Day tomorrow! Remember to thank your mom for not breastfeeding you on the cover of a national magazine.
My 7 year old daughter was thrilled to find your picture in her Murray Elementary School Yearbook this year.
DUSTIN DOES!! You should've seen when we gave him a ride lol
Stay tuned for some exciting new things from the Atkins Library Special Collections at UNC Charlotte!
yes. mulligan. That's fair
Defense. Tenacity. Teamwork. Courage.
Ugh I love the fray... #guiltypleasure go ahead,
hope u read my letter :{) and finally follow me
Welcome! Senior VP Chris Augostini gives some opening remarks/updates.
RT : Little known fact: if your burrito is wrapped in aluminum foil, it cancels out the carbs
Goodmorning Thankful For Another Blessed Day.Whlie Sleeping GOD Was Speaking To Me.🙏
Looking forward to moving back in July, watch out
this area has been vocal for the need of increased police assistance for a year now(long before camera program)
i just want to go back to bed.. #SoSleepy 
Tell me something I don't know ... Ill be back tomorrow :D ;/
Went to bed early, and awoke to discover that #RaspberryPi was finally available for sale. Except not. ಠ_ಠ
So my car has remote start. Nice!
One of the best books every written: Strunk and White's The Elements of Style.
Great hockey game being played in Washington.
There's a few folks who've emailed about it. Want me to take care of that for you?
Well, sure. I think it's one of the means to the end of selling ads. Maybe will become the primary mean, even.
I had a dream that went to my school, and I got detention because I skipped class to meet him! Lol
Yeah, I see that Bing bug too. PNW by way of Central Asia? Wow.
Playing crew love i got it on repeat.
OMG I need food...feeln bad again
did u try the find it iPhone feature
I stay up all night thinkin about when LI become famous , but I've gotta snap outta it get on my grind. . Then I won't have to dream - Zaona
B.A.P
Hello family and friends I'm a conscious Man of. African Heritage! That's Proud to be Black! ..I believe in Us! ...the Righteous. Folks!
At work in combat boots, not smart...
low blow lol
mine is trivial, tough business day "mountain" to climb, possible new customer's system release...
Shake It Out♥
In large part we're going city by city b/c we're a small team and we'd like to do a good job, building community and refining data.
YOU are my strong tower, fortress when I'm weak, your name is true & holy & your face is all I see.
I'm interested in your video setup for the PyCon talks & tutorials? What is your setup?
still must make certain kitchen doesn't roll out the crust w/flour... sometimes still a problem
They've created a monster and he finna go crazy
Wait, has Newton Leroy dropped out? I guess he's an reasonable fill in for Santorum.
That's the issue, them hoodrats are devaluing females w/ that premium! l0l RT : thats not fair for us w good weaves lol
And Justin Rose...nice sunglasses. Phil Mickelson... looking trim. Met John Ashworth. All in all, a success!
you have SO MUCH HAIR. You will never understand my jealousy of your fabulous mane.
We cannot buy a f*kin rebound. Smdh
now open down the street from me, just ordered three meals worth of food
no haha this is for something else
I have too much time on my hands. I've changed my bg like, 4 x
Any time! RT : Thanks for the support yesterday launch will launch at
"C" is for cookie, that's good enough for me...
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because half the world dnt even genuinely love themselves
This show...not only am I already falling in love with it....it's already becoming a piece of me. Of my career. Col Legno. <3
awww shucks! thanks!!!!
we are accepting resos for our Brown Estate wine maker dinner now! Will we see you on 9/12?
check out Francoeur's cannon
all the good guys have run away to PA huh? ;)
thinks I've been downstairs getting a drink. No, I've secretly been listening to her do work, and she's making weird noises. :o
I WANT A CHINCHILLA!!!!
amen. I'm going to bed now but my brain is writing a blog post for tomorrow :)
oh ya!! i think iv'e heard of them....... but i like to many!!
are you going to Olive Garden tonight?
Hanging in there like a hairy biscuit.
On my way to auto zone
yeah it's become pretty much impossible for me. womp.
#Nationalbesfriendday well hello to my coowner bailey(: BEST FRIENDS FOREVER! ~K
you don't fall for jokes :/
Mr. Reese is actually a Nathan?
FINALLY BACK IN BERLIN!! READY TO KICK SOME SERIOUS #SWB12 ASS!!!!!
Thx for the tip. I'll look into it for tonight.
I remember those travel soccer days! Some of the best of my life. Enjoy your kids while you still have'm. Nothing is better.
Fun exercise: Students search for "Ahab," then examine how the metaphors they find interpret the quest.
i am!
Thank you!
Managing another person is a difficult task. It gets worse when you realize that they NEED to be managed.
just encountered the rudest customer ever. thanks for really making my day great...
Always have the most cut up sessions at #mcm with
I may be hitting Saturday's game sitting in the #Timbers Army section! Should I start doing pushups now?
You know it >:)
Ooh yeah. I was thinking we were doing current players. Keith Lee has to be the big.
What is a friend anymore?
Not yet. But when we know… you will know!
Exicted about break but sad ill miss. My love
I since some sarcasm in that tweet...meet me at the spot lol
2 more days until ALPHA Rumba!
My BF had the same problems with online classes he took for his MLS - incommunicado profs.
True, but I'm particularly disturbed by the female leadership in the Republican party (Coulter, Palin, O'Donnell).
#icantgoadaywithout my phone
Feel 4 U! RT : I need help. There are like 7 cats (mom + kittens) living in my parking space at home. How can I get rid of them...
You're sounding a bit like a Libertarian. Welcome! RT : screw taxes
i love
listening too song !
Drivers in parking lots who get huffy because they feel you're taking too much time getting kids in car seats deserve a case of the shingles
Just toured the new Minooka facility
Spice Girls >>
Found a blog of a sister who just returned from the mission I'll be going to. I can't wait!!! :D
that happened to me too! I was like "o o thats them" lol
- thanks for following us! Lemonade is what we need right this minute!
i just had to pull my boy off of ...dogs never forget..
We as a company will continue to reach out to the elderly and those with special needs. The Golden Rule applies for sure!
Yep - she seems blissfully happy too. I still recall the stench after she ate papa johns garlic butter though. Wow.
no...see how the millionairs and billionairs money being spent...
Nothing is more powerful for your future than being a gatherer of good ideas and information. That's called doing your homework.
The righteous are bold as a lion
Yes that it is. High of 81 today. That part I love...just minus the pollen ;)
Today's drizzly weather is making me look like David St. Hubbins!
always great stuff from - if you need help in this social media world and you are a non-profit - follow her
oh yea girl !
For serious?!
The Departed Shortstop
Just playing!
Pulling an
Thank you for your greeting, and may your day be filled with great fortune!
I interviewed the woman about the mistake the would-be carjackers made. Also talked to those visiting officers who chased after the men.
Holy crap, gimme!! Also, say Maker's Mark maple glaze ten times fast. Phew.
Rembrandt family day rocked!
i like it.. i dunno if he will tho.. ill give it a whirl! =p
Gift the gift of time. Let us #scooppoop and #cleanlitterbox. #DoodyCalls service is the #perfectgift for any occasion. 1.800.DoodyCalls
Puck singing taylor swift makes me happy
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." Carl W. Buechner
"To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift" Steve Prefontaine
I have some extra tix available to the #Autorama today, if you're coming today (or want to for free tickets) get back to me!
Paperwork is hard but if I want to get paid I have to.
you have options....snowman or sand castle.
I will...we doing better now but monday was pretty tough.
txt me when your here!
That sounds like an extraordinary read.
Game 5 in Indianapolis #Pacers vs
MY SWEATSHIRT MADE MY SHIRT PURPLW
#Caps GMGM says he didn't make an attempt to sway him to stay because there is no gray in Dale's life
yeah it sucks cause I like reading the posts from people
my guy is so crazy,but i must admit he maa mainn<33
that awkward moment when you had to lie on a truth is. :c ugh atleast i told you i loved you.... even if i said as a brother.
where are the live tweets missy!
I am laughing at your new avi. LOVE it! ;-)
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥10
<3 happiest asian you know, right here <3 FOLLOW HER :))
Such a fun/festive crowd at Rick Stewart's writers night! #iSpy green hair extensions, face paint, and green jeans. Happy St. Patricks Day!
I've told 2 people on the Amtrak quiet car to pipe down and 1 to get out of my seat.
dammit liking a guy is annoying
Marketing Yourself From the Inside Out
did you see it?
nice appearance on #AmericanIdol last night!
no bullshit Y.M.C.M.B
you bring out the Trini in me....
#MSC-Conf - Software as a Service (SaaS). #eCylinder - can you imagine rekeying locks without leaving your shop, or sending out a tech?
Happy Hump Day!
-- T Walton!!! I watched that movie on Netflix not too long ago. That's SPOOKY..Mulder.
The art of good decision making is looking fwd to & celebrating the tradeoffs, not pretending they don't exist. ~Godin
#protools all up in my mac
Me too! lol That. Would not happen here huh.
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
sounds good to me!
Watching the Playoffs.Atlanta is doing HORRIBLE wth?! My team Celtics is bussin ass
Peppermint Mocha flavor from Coffee-mate is here! Yummy! :)
Glad to have in the neighborhood. All the best to you Jamie.
Now, do I get to see what comes next anytime soon or do I have to make it myself? Because I'm prepared to do that.
Thanks I've found using Twitter to share articles works for me, glad to know you're enjoying them too.
if its brussat, not sure abt >1 episode. He has like 1 opinion.
Wang golf? My wolf flow led to a bats stab in the pool loop.
What are your top 10 hip hop songs of the 00's?
I would just like to say a massive HAPPY BIRTHDAY to , have a great day girl! I miss ya. <3 xx
How much did you spend on yellow pages last year?
Allegros got a perfect on group one sight reading!
Lmfao he probably looking like O_o wtf! Haha I crack myself up though
Working on the chapter I'm responsible for in an upcoming book on the Indianapolis Church Federation...great to be back in the 1920s!
Chipotle and Crumbs for graduation dinner!
If abortion is murder, wouldn't that make a miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
great RT : Real world=Authentic=Archaeology matters
Had an awesome day in Tahoe!!!
We have air conditioning! Be cool and come create!
Man Date? RT : Buffalo Wild Wings with Currently partying and bullshit, the usual.
That my shit low key
For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable. (Rom 11:29)
“: Watching my Milwaukee Brewers:) ” is better live! Come visit soon.
Well thats good, I've been worried about it. haha.
I need to stop being late so they'll stop calling my mom telling her I'm absent!
well logically now the team that should win the cup are the rangers. but it hasn't been very logical so far, so.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 17
This brew just won't rest, unlike my pooch that's pooped out on the rug with zero energy. Something lingering in my brain. Back after a sip.
I am stealth, typing with my new super quiet Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 6000...which does NOT wake up baby nearby...oh yeah...awesome...
Up and can't sleep Morgan being bad ass he'll right now. Damn or maybe it was that pizza damn my stomach hurt
Im totally growing my hair out all the way down to my belly button!
RT : The mothers day commercial by Verizon with all the crying is the worst!
RT As US communities struggle with #childabuse, why does House #budget cut #childwelfare funding?
“: I can finally hashtag with out getting hated.
Lmao #bringiton is a TT I can talk out the whole movie 😂 really though
Just booked a fundraiser this weekend for a child with cancer. Going to be great bringing happiness to everyone there!
thank you
Mark your calendars! April 29-May 1, 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant. Early rate expires September 6. Log onto distinct-impressions.net
Okay rondo
I'm always where I should me
If we win, we'll split the shoes.
haha probably the Ralph, if not howe
Yay! “: I'm taking the advice of and following back many of those who follow me. I just didn't take the time.”
Blue and orange m
Inside - we're all the same. Accepting and understanding individual differences are key. Wouldn't you agree?
The City of #RVA is one of the only cities in the US that doesn't have a free children's hospital
The Lion King :D Perfect end to just an all out amazing night!
Just watched new song #undercover baby and LOVE it I can't wait to get it on iTunes!!!!!
There's still time. Ugh. Worst OT performance ever?
#nowplaying .. Gossip - Perfect World
Spending the day crawling through #WMATA tunnels and vent shafts. Jealous? Walking through tunnel might be faster than the actual trains
people be tweeten like crazy everytime i refrash my computer its 50 new tweets
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Deniz Koyu vs Kings of Tomorrow -Finally Hertz(Hybrid Heights MashUp)
haha that's something you'll be saying more of ;)
TY 4 being a creative inspiration to all types of artists. My boo and I love ur new album. <3 Beez in the Trap. Xoxo.
sorry i didn't get your tweet till now! trust me you were just missing me be awkward as always
Did LSU win this game or did the Ducks lose it? Yes and yes.
Stuck in the holiday traffic? Take a pit stop and grab some new holiday tunes to celebrate this week(and get you through atlanta rush hour)!
Some nights I feel like I could wear my retainer forever. Other nights, like tonight, I wake up bc I can't stand the feel of it in my mouth.
Broadway St in Edgewater/Uptown=Africa, Humboldt Pk=Puerto Rico, Devon Ave in Rogers Pk=India, Pilsen/Little Village=Mexico
Nobody has made it this far from such a young age like has .... :)
I've had this headache for so long I don't remember what it feels like to be headache-free.
Sleepless in
Times may look tough, but remember there are rewards for staying in faith. God promises your payday is on its way.:-)
Was not expecting to hear Lugar losing his seat today. Wow
Top braces off tomorrow!
Like I said, Mr. Disrespectful didn't get my daughter anything for Mother's Day!
Summer's approaching! Use our tool to set a weight loss goal and compare your actual progress with your projected progress! www.IamINC.biz
Man, how is junior year over?
Happy St. Patrick's day! Come celebrate with us.. Patio is OPEN!!!
regretting that burrito
I had a blast. It's , but I think he's too good for Twitter now
saw that was trending... some faith in humanity is restored xD
wrong info on my bday show...stand by, correct info coming!!!
I just smoothied the shit out of you, fruit. What now?
Spree day today at Fitchburg State University (Fitchburg,MA) everybody getting drunk as fuck on my city streets it's going down
#imagine seeing the boyz walking down your street
because it's beautiful!
what number did you text?
Too bad Ozzie has to manage. Can't have dinner with him tonight.
Was down to 9k, up to 31k, then down to 20k at dinner break
Did you know May 10th is Steve Appreciate Day? Buy unmarked gold bouillon for the Steves you know today!
Today was a beautiful sunny day! No rain today! Loving this weather! Just can't wait for winter!
we didn't get a picture! :(
Geithner needs some Preparation H, it hurts.
I remember when Jason Whitlock warned that the Turner Gill hiring would be an #epicfail for
My mom: OMG, did you know there's a Firefly marathon playing on Christmas Day? Me: I love you so, so much.
why do you love me
You are so fake
At the movies with #diandrea, #jake, and #janelle. Here to watch #thewomaninblack. This better be good.
I call my penis Mr. Stretch Armstrong :(
maybe you should get sick more often lol
If you're obsessed with Eminem well we got something in common.
Put on your best clothes we've been waiting toolong for this moment put on my best smile I'm shining inside and in front of abrandnewwcloud
so cute!
RT : If any Oracle DBAs are looking for full-time work please let me know. (Please retweet!)
What to give up for forty days? Any suggestions?
If you live downtown/eastside you should try the Hank Aaron trail sometime. You can catch it near the HD museum.
Gorgeous day ☺
Me too yo.
Just because you're so cocky, I'm going to blow you
Thanks Cecile! Hopefully I'll be seeing you around!
My life's turned upside down.Meet me out past those train tracks. I'm leaving and not coming back.You're right and I was wrong.
miss you );
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it. Lewis Carroll
Blessings Sir!
Put your confidence in God and not in man.
I cried when Skip died and Boobie Miles couldn't play football no mo
I really hate seeing United all over this airport. Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
4 days until I"m in San Diego.... Is it possible to be this happy?? :D
That really is the heart of the matter.
Man... This place is crawling with girls.
Haters smile like they like me when they really don't. wish they could just wish me away thats what they really want.
hi! when is your next show in spokane?
To all my loyal tweeps out there, the last month has been a blurr and I am back to positive tweets. Look forward to re-connecting with all:)
where you going man?
@ sonia, again I read it and thought scientific curiosity
#Recognize Famous Author of newly released book, "Have Mercy"
You did a fanstastic job you are awesome&i love the song!(: GREAT SINGER!!
LOVE it! So now that you're finishing school...what are you gonna do?!?!
36 days until early price for Exhibitors goes to normal pricing! Dont wait to reserve your space at the 18th annual WWVC Show and save big!
2nd period chemistry is gonna be intense!!!!
It's late. Or early. You decide. Anyway, on Tumblr? Follow me. Idlewild1914. Witty stuff to come. Pics too. Honest.
can't for #DDManassas this Sat!
Great Round Table event. We need to do more of these.
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to catching-up soon.
"Aren't all marriages kinda gay?" - Kimmel
Hanging with the guys. You've survived the Shark Tank but can you survive the party!
Nighty night time!
actually... AWESOME
sounds familiar
How much longer must I suffer
So is Sam Raimi only producing the Poltergeist remake, or is he also directing while Tobe Hooper stands around nodding his head?
AH!! It's almost 's birthday. I can't wait. I have a present that's prefect.
they still make PS2 games 12 years later.......the PS2 is the greatest console of all time
There's a lot of fanatical fans out there, I mean it's just a game! All the best!
When attempting to set up a meeting with me, don't ask for me to come @ 7pm. I've been on the clock since 8am. I'm sorry you sleep until 3pm
Im gone to negative today too much praise for guys that played like highschool
Well no, not really actually
Power and ladyness
October man. October.
are you good at the follow up? you gotta be!
I want to call me cus im bored but i doubt he will
RT : wow!! Hope you have a very Happy 50th!! Congrats…>>>>Thanks so much! Feeling great! Ready for the next 50!
it went great brother! I missed you, you sweet sweet man.
#ImMadBecause people judge us for being realtors and think we are all sharks! Not everyone is the same.
Where did all the happy people go?
Here’s a quick tip: always keep negative space top of mind.
These guys are cool FYI #99conf buds!
Flames shooting from power plant in Everett. Don't freak. Nat'l Grid is doing it on purpose to clean out some lines.
I miss my girls, Cabrini Dance Team 
For some of the hottest beats from Belgium Holla he is awesome !!!
Hope everyone has an amazing night!!!!!:)
match up
it's amazing how many songs have an unmistakable "unknown pleasures" influence
What do yall think about Jersey City becoming the home for my tattoo shop? Meeting tomorrow.
At least I didn't have to share this damn school bus seat with anyone. I'm glad I don't look more approachable.
Key is keeping enough traditional components intact in order to speak to existing target. -
Felt the brisk air of Vegas between flights ... bracing myself for Reno.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the talk last night!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe nothing yet...
thanks Kirsten! :)
Poolside. Yeah buddy!
Happy b-day Christian hope all your wishes come true and if they haven'thopefully one day they will your a really great kid
That's pretty awesome! We once saw a stripper dance to South of Heaven.
You'll get nothing, and like it.
Congrats Walcott. We at DFHF will be partnering with NYC Schools to stop drug, alcohol abuse & gun violence plaguing kids.
#envisionbig. ask kids "what r u going 2 b when u grow up".They anser wth exact vision "I am going 2 b..." teach kds 2ENVISION nt "2DREAM"
working my last tuesday evening!
#RHOA Phaedra is NO southern belle.
There's also a correlation between billionaires and bad haircuts. Think D. Trump & B. Gates.
That was the end of my emotional rant:/
That sounds so gross...kinda like maple donuts with bacon on top...oh wait those are good.
restocked on #protein aka its a #great #fuckin #day ;D
Convince anybody of anything take's knowledge,hope,and a willing ear and is it worth it anyway? UNRAVLE
RT : DreamBikes has plenty of opportunities for volunteers, including stripping bicycles for parts, cleaning, repairing
Kevin Chynoweth, Fairchild Semi: "Roughly right is better than precisely accurate". Importance of agility & responding quickly
can we get rid of overly critical Maks-hater Len and just have judge?
omg is that the eye pic we tried to do?? Hahahaha!!! 😂😂😂
I have my Orange & Spice and my new age, no lyrics music playing on Pandora. I'm ready to WORK!! Now, if only my apt was warm...
Summer means little different now that I'm not a student, but still, it's the season of sunkissed tans, warm nights w/drinks, BBQ
most people didn't know he survived 38 hours though
What party, young lady??
what are reviewer requirements? I'm a public librarian w electronic collection dev responsibilities and also an English major.
And so the perpetual #Cascadian mist has settled over the city.
power 96 my Favorites Station yo
"I'm a firm believer in that people only do their best at things they truly enjoy. It's difficult to excel at something you don't enjoy."
Found a TurboTax forum comment that is a secret cry for help: "CAN I CLAIM MYBOYFRIEND THAT DIDNT WORK ALL YEAR"
Congrats to my friends Will Hawkins & Jonathan Rosenthal... their horse All On The Table won it's 2nd race today at the LA County Fairplex!
Mark your calendars. Trivia each Thursday. 8pm.
Awh, your the sweetest! Thank you! (:
thank you(:
I won $9.00 in the Mega Millions drawing last night. What should I spend it on?
thanks! What do you think I could offer that would be more useful than everything already out there? There's so much on this topic!
I have 573 fans here but only 71 at Hazel & Haverly...let's even this out :)
Oh My GOD Avengers was everything I hoped it would be and more. Holy fuck. I think it's the only movie I don't have a single complaint about
I wish I had A BILLION DOLLARS to build all the stuff ppl want for the #music exhibition
brazil beaches
What do you call a singing computer? A dell
EDGE Adds Capital Markets Division
Don't be stupid
Check out "best of" 2010 issue! There is a small blurb about our Harbor East location next to our nomination page!
": Good workout wit the broz an "
15 of the 19 #September11 hijackers were Saudi. They'd have to kill me b4 I ever bow to the #Saudis!
will you PLEASE approve the app? The wait has gotten absurd. Come on guys.
": Don't go telling everyone! They'll drink all the stuff before I get there!" Plenty for all!
FOLLOW THE MAN HIMSELF & My Main Account & My Other Accounts
Really starting to get excited for Diablo 3 now, absolutly cannot wait.
Who do you think you are?
Was involved with when I was at CU 02-06. Big fan of the Twitter feed. Keep up the great work promoting our great school!
rainy Saturday in Miami
This week is stomping all over me. And now it's raining. And there's traffic. And work after work. Bitch, bitch. Whine, whine. Oy
..charging "her" dem. primary voters is unnecessary bc they're going to vote for Barry anyway or say or home, so...my spidey sense tells me
Cyberspace is - or can be - a good, friendly and egalitarian place to meet.
Finished with the Mother of All Mailings. If I promised you a book, look for it in the mail this coming week. :)
You see, looking as much like a bum as I do, I'm trying to go incognito. I can't really do that at Boheme, ya know?
I made the stupidest mistake. Which led to my chances with this amazing girl get ruined. And now i have to let go of her. ImAScrewUp.
I'm sure he is very missed - and I was sorry to hear of his passing. But he lives on every day through his work! :-)
you not grown lol take ya big head self to beeeedd
about to watch 127 Hours. pretty much ready to be not surprised
I'm working on picking bars to tell everyone to meet at. Any suggestions?
haha. It's always nice to have a clean professional twitter account! =)
will do man, most likely this summer!
Come to the public opening of Paris: Light/Shadow and Latin: Races/Roots, now through March 17th !
And #FF to some of my fave #education Tweeps:
cont: play ur ass off here, in chicago, win a superbowl, then they will be more then happy to pay u. get with it!!!!!! 4 mil aint enough????
Whenever kids at my school don't wash their hands I always put them on blast. Hey everbody, this guy didn't wash his hands! HEY EVERYBODY
Watch a great film, explore Lean, Ford, Breillat, Lupino, etc These directors are authors, artists, masters of their field.
These have all been conversations #GrandpaFred has been having within his mind, spoken out loud. In between, he asks me to get things.
bitch please, dont make me put that file saved on my computer on here
Its not hard to find someone who tells you they love you, its hard to find someone who actually means it ♥
My dog "Bud" could def give lessons on how to get along with others ... are amazing!!
The subject of Maryland's football uniforms is officially tired.
If he's actually gay, my whole life will be a lie. Haha.
Thanks for the #ff!
#10FavoriteNickiMinaj I am your leader
#OhioState's secondary is like watching the 3 stooges
Finished a TON of updates to the website, much more to do...
#oomf has geek hair phahaha I wanna meet him(:
Cross-department planning builds narrative across company that marketing comm knows what it's doing.
AT THE HOUSE CHILLIN WITH MY CUZ ITZ AWESOME
#BestSongEver #SAYSOMETHIN blasting .. Singing along to it !!! In love 😍😍
lmbo would u tip me
Tell your partner s/he looks great. Don't worry about what others might think.
I Cried When i saw Titanic in 3D with my best friend at 6:45 today
Landed in Cleveland. It is good to be home.
hahahaahah, you coming to paul's?
AND like a #coxcable support person told me while back-enter your home number WRONG and you get a live person faster!
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?2
Hey twitter
Looking forward to Thursday's 50s patio party - join in costume or in casual wear, We'll bounce to the doo-wop!
Do you have an official fan facebook? I'm so confused with everything. haha. please answer! xx
Why make rumors that are not fucking truth
Mather gets Cubs outfielders on the board - ESPN (blog)
You're very welcome!!!
At the movies with my nephews!
dnt compare niggas to me cuz im hell on this mike
Picture please. RT “: Oh boy....oh dear lol this chicks hair is SOO greasy!! Someone hasn't showered in a while.
Janelle is coming over on my bus, then the mall, then her house<3 (:
are you guys really performing in Louisville on Easter for an Easter Bash ?
watching "The Horde" a French zombie film. Thems some strong ass zombies...
Thank you for commemorating MCA + The Beastie Boys tonight
We will really miss you!
Welcome, Wendy! Thank you for bringing the topic of #glutenfree in #college to our attention!
Hoping for a reasonable draw today.
Thanx for the Follow... keep Rockin ;)
Follow us on twitter
Hey, has a beer engine now.
Well, at least she'll have her prom ;-)
Travel on Garnett r u kidding!!!
Contact me if your interested in some model promo work
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
Oh my gosh, it's a video game reference. You've really upset me. I don't know how to recover from this
Americans are spending $1.46 billion on Mega Millions? Intelligent retirement strategies.....
Would I get some of the money if you won?
it takes a lot of courage to stand up to the medical establishment and have a home birth. Midwives less expensive than dr.
If they did it #Jack Bauer's way they would have to call it 8.
on a Carabin Shaw penalty kill. OKC on the PP.
RT : RT : I wont settle for average
yea that's all it is, aux is just a general term for something that adds to, n this case a radio. Usb is the most universal
I want a new iphone
finishing a OG Hip Hop track for a french movie with Klaus Badelt and Andrew Raiher
Lady Phoenix (FORMERLY Dream) shot a reality show called "DREAM ON" and needs a network to pick it up! Watch the video and spread the word!!
Hope's there PD is huddled up and the guys are just BBQ'n LOL!
i'm may love more than i love nutella and cheese; BUT NOT TOGETHER, that's just gross!
Finally watched GCB yesterday, not going to lie it kind of reminded me of FBC Muskogee :)
omg yes! its so......cluttered.
Do you remember when the Prez was Lester Young? No one was post-black back then.
Now that all the food is put away & my daughter is putting her lunch away (digesting). It's time for a 4 20 break for me. BLAZE IT! :-P
You can never have too many pairs of jeans - we're looking forward to having you come in!
“: Done with written Phd Exams!!!!!!!!!!! I have a life again!!!!!!!!!” saying "again" makes it sound like you had one before
Today in Blues History: Nov 12, 1925 Louis Armstrong recorded "Gut Bucket Blues" in Cincinnati, Ohio
Damn! Minerva indian restaurant playlist: indian song, BT CLUB MIX, indian song, SWEET CHILD OF MINE
Wow its been a few days since u Tweeted last.....
#FCBD ! Sadly they were out of Mouseguard and the Star Wars one by the time I got there.
Didn't get around to LAST TYCOON tonight. Saving it for tomorrow. Watched INTO THE WILD instead.
ahh so jelly. I'm excited to check out your coachella fits!
thanks for the shout out! Glad to help, if even a little : ) CC:
Portland Brewers Fest this weekend. Don't drink & drive! Just drink & stay @ Comfort Inn Vancouver/N.Pdx Save now @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Thanks for the support Tim, that's super cool and its much appreciated!
BSB: SHC has life. A Chris Viloria 3B has brought in two more and SHC has cut the SI lead to 6-4. Noah in for Stint via
"it just flowed perfectly"
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
You all are real persons of interest, I hear the Police may investigate your cult about the comments you made about this sicko!
And I love the hell out of you, beautiful Beebers!
The Vampire Diares season finale made me cry like a little girl. :'|
RADTOWN. I <3 vintage couches like that. :)
and I can't WAIT to see the video you lame, make sure you @ me when you post it so I really get "burned" lmfao you're a joke
R.I.P. Bear Grylls' career.
whats good pimp
you are one good looking Britishspeaking lady ;P
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.
This! RT: lunch w/featured speaker "#Education matters. A lot. Perhaps more than anything else."
nothing like reliving my childhood by watchin Anastasia #missinthe90's
he gotta be either a hater or he blind dam
When jumpin jumpin comes on Pandora>>>
Comedy night at 730 pm followed by open mic with Jeordie. Lots of fun tonight, hope to see you here!
If bike riding was a pre-requisite for diabetics... Drug companies would be a lot less richer,
Reeses! Thank you!
How desperate am I that I just had a thought about posting a "seeking a massage" ad to craigslist?
Rock chalk.
When the garbage guy knocks over 's trash can right in front of her>>
Who is out there
When someone asks to go to the bathroom right as your about to -_____-
would she walk around the neighborhood in a bikini?
In line at the post office and this person in front of me looked down and said hello to my umbrella #crazy 😳
