Change your password, you've been hacked !
"lordhaveMercer: I don't understand how bars make money" me either! What could they possibly have th
Fourth Call Me, Maybe Sports Corner
haha told you mom he was cute, even my aunt is trying to get at him lol
You're followed lovers! :D
haha I'm moving up in the world
'I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.'
Sick well a lil better now thanks to my sunshine
the person who opened the account probably did it just for that. I wonder how many dumb girls sent pics to him
Thank you! It was a great event!
It's my 1/2 birthday!!
UFO's: Humans from the future after the development of time machines. Boom. Just blew your mind.
super bummed i can't make it to Chicago this weekend for 's birthday ;(
This 💩 sucks... I hate being bored
Thanks! We got a lot of love for it last summer. Hoping to bring it to a wider audience this year.
“Politics still offers a way for corporations to compete [for government handouts]” ---Richard White book "Railroaded"
And I love you so very much my Beautiful wife. You are the best thing that has ever happen to me.
Why do the Avalanche have to be so good
how many movies did you "listen" to today? Hope you're alive.
love the freaking beach...! Booya!
It's always god's mysterious ways when you lose, eh? Sounds like u gonna wake up with a personal problem.
hahaha! Oh, Dutch. :)
---> NASA 32 RT : if u got trees then its time to light it up...I'm sippin codeine two styrefoam kups
Thanks and for the great social media training! Might even start a pinterest account.
Exactly! It's hard to turn away from tactics you're used to even if they're not working anymore
#oomf got some nice lips but can't hmu for shit
Can't believe Penn was mad at Adam was PM & took responsibility.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
My Man's Be Hooking Need Up For The Low Might As Well Brah.
Challenge is going well ..luv my vi shakes!
- Thats Why i Never Gave Up & i Never Gave In, Cuss i know True Love is waiting for me again♥
You picked the wrong century to get married in.
will be doing a cameo in Damian Chapa's upcoming feature film "NIGHT BIRD". Stay tuned for more info on that one!
working on wigs for Dangerous Liasons today. I LOVE that play and the period. Might be my very favorite combo of period and play.
I hope you bought that shirt at a discount. There is a word spelled incorrectly.
You have to at least try . Accept effort as its own success .
I feel grody.
It's our proud boast that our record collection has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
How many people could have been fed with the amount of money spent on costumes alone
You had me at lie.
In case u live under a rock - The Avengers is good. U can't think too hard about it, but lots of fun n worth every penny on the big screen.
I'm 1 thesis defense, 1 class, & 1 historiographical essay away from diving into the giant pile of YA novels on my couch. Oh & having 2 MAs.
constantly moving in the wrong direction.
Once Austin becomes famous I can honestly say..I've been here from the beginning<3
i love you to pattie
Anything in the world >> Craig Sager's suits >> Craig Sager.
Mexico Revolution Day was yesterday, November 20th. How did you celebrate?
Stevie Wonder singing "Ribbon In The Sky" with new lyrics to honor Whitney. "You'll always be our ribbon in the sky."
bout to make pop corn in life skillz.
You had your chance; you blew it.</3
Would love that. Thanks Ethan! brendan at frontgatetickets .com
hahah yes! I'm drinking it by itself for like the first time ever it seems like.
David, 6:00 PST is the start time for tonight's Game 2.
I want a second job this summer!
I wanna do radio again what you think ? Lol lets add ;) sheaaaaa
Context: "I blog about ____" buttons scattered around the office. Colleague says "I twitter about why I don't blog"
Marble cave is calling my name right now.
New Pew Internet report on digital differences
totally! I hate that
Please say a pray for Ms. B while she is recovering from surgery. I just got off the phone w/her. She is just asking people to pray for her.
Thanks for the rts!
RGOKY :D I WILL NEVER STOP REPPING THEM OR LOVING THEM!!!!!!! <3
Please let it rain!
"Being well rounded is highly overrated" Danielle Laporte
Protect our second amendment rights
Kidd aggressive offensively! Mavs showing patience and excellent ball movement...
Behind the Cave Door.
yeah; that makes sense... I wouldn't know how to shop for kids, regardless. Books... I sent my cousin's newborn daughter a book...
U are just too excited about the nice weather today.
hell yeah dude! good times as always
we're having sloppy joes ASAP ! Just saw it on It Takes Two
Why am I still awake? I've got got work in the AM
We are open today!! A piping hot espresso drink and liege style waffle are just what the doctor ordered for this chilly day.
Good luck convincing AT&T and Comcast that access should be a legal right
I don't even like peanut butter so
hahah yes he does.
Your thoughts have gotten you to the point where u are today. Are you happy or do you feel you need to make a change for the better.
still waiting for the day that I'll get 50+retweets. LOLOLOLOL
Hey How it going, Happy New year. I was wondering how long do we have until submissions close
he wants em covred cause hes gay. . .how many str8 guys wear vests!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to following you on
Contemplating a Saturday dinner... what about millet nachos? They made them at a cooking class at Mama Jean's. I must find that recipe.
Delightful discovery - Arlington has its share of blossoming beauties, cherry trees everywhere along my bus route :)
Great turnout of fundraisers for 's & my workshop on social media for #nonprofit orgs at the - Maryland conference!
Gone are the days of sitting around watching ball
And that's an almost wrap!
One reason professors might inflate grades is b/c they want the sem. over after submitting grades. If my busy inbox is any indication...
Thank you for not filling out all of the Obstacles' subheads. Already having fun coming up with my own.
Exactly!! RT : #thingsweallhate #Bears fans when they use #DA in stead of THE! #DaBearsStillSuck!!!!
stop, occupy yourself, stay busy. You're predicting & its like you're subconsciously expecting/asking for it.
Ah! I cant comment on 's NEW VIDEO because there's too manyy comments!! :o
Iso-Man Calvin has arrived! Everything about isometric exercise: with weights, without weights, with resistance bands, etc., etc!
| You are the GREATEST, so Ive written a FREE novel just for you htp://www.jimbrownbooks.com RT
valid points
Favre. It's going to hard for the Dolphins to rebound from the loss of Chad Henne for the season. It restricts
HOLY OH MY MOTHA FUDGING M&MS!!! JELENA'S REALLY OVER?!
Got an email saying my facebook account was reactivated. Who the fuck hacks in people's accounts? -.- lame.
Oh and don't forget the overbearing patriarchal views that influenced what was perceived as appropriate for women.
Pisco sours + Peruvian food comes to midtown. www.lamarcebicheria.com We can't wait.
oh yahh i was in a non service place for most of the day sorry i forgot... what did you need oh great one?
pound sign ihatemondays
Check out Dagnomusic.com today sell your music keep 100% of the revenue !
RT : RT : World Cafe Live is buzzing with excitement as #Phorum12 kicks off. Stop down in the demo pit and say hi.
Nothing like the smell of tanning in the morning. Eau de microwaved baby.
So I have visited 7 of the 12 homes on the #NKBA Kitchen tour. The MOST impressive is in #PointLoma on Scott st.
Timeline app suggestions?
the audio of Riley
Thanks for the ride fellas! Hope not hokes.
Got to class then realized I forgot my book bag. Shit
What's Draw Something??
Can't believe I'm saying this but...let's go Clippers!
Multi family yard sale starting tomorrow!! Vickers and academy 7am-1pm. Come check out all the wonderful items on sale!!
It's so hot. This cold shower really put in work!
Thanks to our new followers. If you are in the Modesto area and want to ride, guaranteed good time and food. 4 a good cause
Up for my last day of my intensive. I'm #sad. Boo... So much fun creating.
Job 29:12-13"because I rescued the poor who cried for help and the fatherss who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me..."
I used to think drive through liqour stores were cool until I saw this 50% off coupon for booze shipped right to me!
Have you checked the Facebook messages?
Happy Earth Day from Beloved Moving Images
Sandy Denny playing in Starbucks!
Iam a promoter that IS LOOKING FOR PAYING CUSTOMERS TO COME OUT THIS SATURDAY @ tASTE ENT 6331 S LOWE (IN cHICAGO,iL) hit for info..
so wath did u do ??
Being on the jumbotron is SO surreal!
Pfffft slow to the game ! tweeted/posted about Prop 8 17 minutes before
Meeting with buyers at Monroe Commons. We can here the Badger game!
yes we are on our way to husky land
Thanks!! : morning shout to our US Shadow Rep. ..much more comming from this person...good thing/blessing
That's good Mikki. Stay warm. Heat up some more tea too.
hi! What's up
Don't be afraid to fall in love. It's the only thing that matters in life.
Can't Wait 2 Get In The Booth. I Need 2 Bad Az Fawk.
#SexandtheCity oh how I have missed you! Needed a dose of this wisdom. Makes me miss my college roomies tho! :-(
Damn the Pacers just couldnt finish it
Watching fairly odd parents for the first time in like 6 years..
Btw, #avengers was amazing. Maybe not the greatest movie ever made but definitely a must see, comic boo fan or not. Downey Jr = stellar.
WHY IS OVER?!?! WHY WOULD THEY CANCEL MY FAVORITE SHOW?!?! MY FAVORITE EXCEPT FOR ... 2 completely different shows..
"Rejoice in our suffering, suffering produces perseverance, perseverance character and character hope..." Romans 5:3
BUY BUY BUY!
an error doesnt become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
thanks for the follow totally appreciate it.!! Check out Wanted the Illist / The Wanted Emcees
Another day of catching up! THanks for continuing to send things in!
I need a hobby to occupy my time M-Th.
boy shut up!
Thank you for your improved insights
was that nick nolte clapping like he had a stroke?
i like the new pic
It Better Not Effing Rain, Though! This Hair Is NOT Getting Wet!
Please welcome MrsGorgeous901 to the Max life
Father of eight children? Is that right? Woow! You could start your own baseball team!
The least you can do is be nice...gosh. You have no idea what someone is going through.
Wow I have the worse luck with teachers I swear.
Yay, glad it arrived safely!
trying to find a book an earlier flight
I'm POSITIVE!
Today's question: What is your favorite lunch meal?
Good choice. Will not be dissappointed.
Somebody's acting out tonight...but ya see I know how to handle you...😏😏
Heard you got Sunday nights at the Cheetah Club
I rode for so long today that I'm sore. I may not get to tomorrow.
This is why most females and I don't click. All this shit talking behind your back & they smile in your face, bitch no.
The good life ;)
._. I love food
Blunt blowing
*shakes head*
Let Brian McKnight drop that new track and watch a brother hang from Chandelier to Chandelier in the bedroom Jumanji style.
Sad I have no sitter so cannot make pj20 screening in Santa fe tonight. Boo-that was supposed to be my birthday fun.
Say we love jennettemccurdy forever to:
hope he does well would live to see him on the field this year
Just realized that the campus comedy shows I attended as a freshman at USC in '86 were organized by my dorm-mate Judd Apatow. Wow.
I want to see a movie... any suggestions =)?
I want DDs..
who you heard thatfrom your self cause who would have yold you that espicalky ehen its not true dont say nobody either
Aye thats wasp! Have you decided which complex you're gonna live in?
We should talk =) We are also based out of DC.
Over the weekend I'm going to put together a list of all the Twitter accounts that I have (30) for Pay Per Tweets including :)
No lights on the subway basks the cabin in the glow of fifty smartphones.
Good Morning!! Happy Wed!
Who's going to step up and sponsor the Nationwide Tour? The insurance company is in its final year and PGA needs young talent out there!
haha sucks to suck
The background music is an interesting choice to the awards dinner.
so you just gave everyone permission to point and laugh
have high fiber in the morning to cut cravings later in the day
Gotta remember to pack my glittery Minnie Mouse ears to take with me on the inaugural #Disney Fantasy cruise! So excited!
I know at least 10 KC rappers that's better than LIL B...
On the plane! En route to see the woman who made me who I am today, the most amazing woman I know! MY MOTHER! #HappyMothersDay!
A bit terrified. I'm downloading RescueTime to automagically track where I'm spending my time.
Congratulations to the Alpha Epsilon pledge class. Your hard work has paid off. Welcome to the brotherhood!
I just love my publicists. True rock stars!
“‘you are to love ADONAI your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.'
Lol No Baby I Love You Can You Take Me Baqk Imy :( QT : lol, you got to be kidding me right?
You're very welcome. :O) LOL.
No time to go to comic book store for day b/c I'm too busy writing a paper on comic books (specifically Wertham)
Hi! I'm looking for some insight from u...I'm thinking of moving n teaching in Greece....how do u like it there?
Saturday #shoutout to new followers and
#TylerCandle grab bags are now available!! Over 50% off!! xo
Arlington Library makes an appearance in Fallout 3.
The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heavens lieutenants. ~ Shakespeare
happy birthday jelly!
have investigated. This blonde chick appears to have checked into 195 places in 12 days. SOMEONE'S CHEATING AT FOURSQUARE
Headed for Chicago. Bye bye home, computer, employment, etc. Here we go...
Thanks you for following!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
lol I'm Sean ;)
what's the point of putting practice problems in the book if they only give you the answer to one!?!?!?!?!
Extroverted introvert--I like that! Me too.
Prediction: Vintage KG performance. BTW, did anyone get Sarah Phillips' pick for tonight?
RT Don't let the noise of other people's opinions drown out your own inner voice ~ Steve Jobs
Nim and Nem (Tim and MiWi) play songs with voices and guitars tonight - 9pm at St. Dymphna's 118 St. Mark's (near ave A) Spring Forward!
Looking for an #angrybirdscake in #Dallas for my son's 4th
until next game.
You serving up any homebrew for the Super Bowl this year?
want me to come save you? :p
Franchise!!! How have you been??
Look at that fight and tell me #pacquiao could give #mayweather a run for his money.
Don't flee New York for President's Day without getting you FIT-on first! Rohan will work you out to global Bollywood w.
IM BACKS (even though i know no one missed me)
My pleasure. They're good people over there.
Being with me is how you #HowToKeepSomeoneHappy :D
RT Had a nightmare that thousands of young guys think it's cool to wear hoodies @ work meetings
thank you for the
Rehearsal is not only to improve your performance. It's also to condition reflex.
just a check up, oil change?
Last Friday of the year 👍😄
Heard Kokomo on the radio this morning now I really want to go somewhere tropical. Thinking it may be time to get my passport app in
All my hoes conceded
Downloading Through Sin and Self Destruction. Hope it's good.
Go Seahawks! Please win!
any news regarding the southern adirondacks?
NEW PICTURES: Mug Shots April 7, 2012
“: If you ever want TERRIBLE advice… Just ask the bruhz” LMAO
Whoa. AP World History test is tomorrow...o.
Oops, that is #wisecamp - not #webcamp. Follow along!
Used Wheelchair Vans 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
you gotta tell me first so i can see if your right lol
AYE...HOLD UP...WAIT WHO YALL TALKING TOO????
Mornings are a bitch......because my female dog is named morning :)
RT Prof J.F.M.Cannon BM(NH): Did you identify that Campanula specimen I brought in? Me (student): Yes, it's a Convolvulus.
#fakingit anyone can look like a warrior, only a few can actually live as one.
Don't forget! Stay tuned for exciting news about Friedens and their DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promotion!!!
Haha aww thanxs hun! Haha I'm sorry, I am super funny huh, and I'm sorry scpa sounds boring, they don't attract my kind
Time is running out.
oh that sucks i thought u wer gunna delete i was gunna be like wtf no why?!?!? Lol
ha no!
And I left my headphones in my car
mar. 2: happy dr. seuss's birthday! not-so-happy phillip k. dick's death-day...
Fergie's face looks likes she smoked 200 cartons of cigarettes and then sucked a lemon.
interested in Azure? follow for info and updates about #AzureBCTPA Azure Bootcamp Tampa 11/5 at USF
you're nosey and mean!! lol
Thanks for the S/O !
damn, the snow and the sunshine are conspiring to create beauty.
Usually don do dis....ok im lyin
My pleasure!
No ESPN Gameday, so Digger was bored, colored the uni's RT : I don't know what is worse, the Highlighter shirts or the socks.
Damn this shit getz old. 🎶
We're excited for you and glad to have you with us! What class are you looking forward to the most?
now I'm looking forward to Christmas
Sharing a stage with next week at Rutgers. Eager to hear how creative placemaking shapes his agenda
This has been a tough week for me. I'm really learning big lessons. I'm opening up my awareness more and more.
On my way to see PARIAH with Dee Rees q&a. Thank you Ringo!
my music video is coming along nicely
How fun would it be to have a cute clown come and face paint all the kiddo's!? Games, Bubbles and Balloon Animal's too! :o)
Oh no worries that sounds like a great night! Is it playing locally in Philly?
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
Robb and I are going to a concert tonight so, next weekend.
RT We did, and my friend LOVED you guys. We will be back. :)
Looking for new TV show ideas... if you have something intresting to say... tweet me..
Damn it! I always eat after I brush my teeth... Now I gotta do it again.
Thank you!
:') yes!! That one! Ha *Googles jokes*
RT The Humanities and Critical Code Studies Lab will promote interdisciplinary discussion and ... methodologies of
good morning!
New episodes?
Yes!! I was just driving home in San Diego & the moon is amazingly stunning. Goodnight, Moon from a starstruck romantic.
No matter what you believe, it doesn't change the facts.
lol no pain.. I got lucky
Brigands demand your money or your life; women require both. ~ Samuel Butler
Nice, need to see the Cindy Sherman photos in person!
Thanks Marlon! How're you doing these days?
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Is that the one from the car collection on 146th & Biscayne? So cool!
"Just dance, it's gonna be ok" - MT : Fave quote?
At this point Jason would hang out with Edward Q all day rather than spend time with Sam.
I had a feeling these flannel sheets weren't going to make getting up at 5am any easier.
We certainly had fast food, although possibly the portion sizes of them have gone up since then
Dear person that figured out how to make whiskey: thanks a bunch.
Lots of my coworkers will be there. One of our old coworkers died of brain cancer a few years ago.
I want everyone out of that prison. It makes no sense. I'd rather fight you to make you improve than for your ignorance.
Wow. Freelancers: if you want some perspective on what you're up against when you reply to a "gig" posting on craigslist, post one yourself.
Bacon egg and cheeses from dunkin donuts fucking suck...
thank you Steve for making the box not a box.
Hi! Re strong/best leaders and questions... I wonder if part of the problem is that we all have different mindsets re leaders?
Her children rise up and call her blessed. - Proverbs 31:28
RT #Pisces are always caught between two different worlds ... W
RT : I dont think they will even stay with GB in the turkey day game. >> Minne made a game w/GB.
craigslist itself advises people to meet in public locations and not stray from them
you gunna come .?/
If anyone goes to uniontown ihop.....i am sorry if you see me, i look like crap because my brother wont let us go home first >:(
;) smile your on the camera well I haven't slept yet so I'm going to bed night <3 (:
hehe well I'm going to bed, goodnight Princess :) tweet ya later
nice singing voice you have there
I don't like the games u play but if u let summer last till November, I will forgive u, mother nature.
' What better way to add value to America than by supporting the edu of our youth." LtGen John B. Conaway on NGYChalleNGe
"If failure can't fail, the rest of us can never succeed." Truth as spoken by the always inspiring
will be back that wknd only. will have my lady and her 2 kids w me too. PG environment. Chargers weekend again this yr for RAVENS
thank you. I take your trust seriously.
A man tries to steal a car from a car dealership in Allston by driving it right out of the store
"Fortune favors the brave." - Publius Terence
Today, I tried buying quarter water. It was 35 cents.
haha I knoww, I always get so behind on my tweeting. Probably because I do it in my sleep lol
Hey thanks for letting us know!! You rock :)
i spend my fridays nights watching youtube videos.:D fun
Starbucks before class :) yum!
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding." (Leonardo da Vinci)
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity! $5 bucks for kids & adults!
Lol self control, get some.
I'm China Anne McClain's friend, Alexander Miiler
im so bored
what about the good ol us when do ya come here
Someone should buy Steve Mears a tie.
Great article on setting boundaries!
4 reminders a day to take some shots. A peace sign reversed & horizontal still means peace. Or I guess it could also mean, 'I'll take 2'!
School starts in 10 mins. And I'm still at home.... Fuck
Josh's roommate had some friends come over so they could go out dancing or something. They never left. Loud and rude.
Nobody's perfect.
I'll shut up now but it's a must read. Couldn't put it down. It would make a great movie or mini-series, esp. part on The Bulge.
: Is the House doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
I have dentist appointment 😭
followed back my 47 new followers lol! sry it took so long! haven't been on in a while :) go follow and ! :)
Car crashes into Boynton Beach home
Ski mask Guns Out #Move Out
Fifteen Inspector Lewis Mysteries all on Netflix ready to watch? Oh hells yes.
If you can do the Bartman, you're as bad as Michael Jackson.
When 2011 hits, #CovertTU goes into action. Maybe you should all brush up on your Bond films before then.
this guy next to me just said he'd make a great octopus
I got Alvarez and Money. Not the most original picks ever, I know this lol
I need a play by play of Lady Supermoon. Mom's room is on the wrong side of the hospital. :(
Who's excited about going to the midnight showing of "The Hunger Games?" I may be going with my daughter, Maddie.
Now that Mme LeMener is leaving nxt year my chances of passing French I have dropped 😔 lol
I love your Dad Too.... he sound just like me! Hahahaha. I'm only on twitter because my 21 y/r old son convinced me of my privacy on here.
don't get me wrong, i actually look 4ward 2 my daily dose of oatmeal. but there was sthg about 2day's chorizo bkfast burrito...-lisa
Beyonce thinks I'm cute, it's okay Beyonce I think you're cute too
GURL when you do? I'm finna be an auntie.
Shoutout To Follow Her People !! =)
been real busy bro.. ill finish it up soon
Rio is actually a really funny movie...I liked it :)
My schedule for Wednesday includes an entry called "Mr. Potato Head interview." This cracks me up.
yay i finally joined!!!
We're starting early at 4pm to raise a bunch for The Children's Hospital of Denver. Help us raise money, www.dealshow.com
yeah, Unfortunately ...i will be heading up Friday night . He lives on Loudon?
approve RT : Jamming to some J Biebs with Getting some dirty looks, but still executing supply chain excellence.
the secret is.....[change the channel]
I Just Love How My Phone Randomly Dies When Somebody Calls Me!!. (-.-)
What an amazing day with Sarah, Lin, & David a.k.a. Sexy Belize Man :)
I am sayin the same thing
I'm going to do laundry now. Self-congratulating rich people are exhausting.
Wow! Academy learning outside the walls of their classrooms. Thanks for sharing!
However, blood shows up immediately!!! By the way, face slammed into concrete and no scars whatsoever! You aRe DONE!
Woops! Sorry for the down time folks, we're back up.
Humor is harmful, and can ruin lives
Looking forward to participating in tomorrow's #babychat!
I see how it is Travis! Replying to everybody but me! I miss you and blah! So you know how long it's been since ive seen you?!
(I've been travelling and spending time with family to celebrate graduation, hence my absence from Twitter, btw. I'll be back!)
Check out our friends who are launching this week and connects you with VIPs while supporting good causes!
Programs are at the printer, silent auction items are piled high, ?uestlove's equipment is good to go...time for the weekend! Happy Friday!
Ha! I totally just flipped off the Fall 2012 registration sign at UH. Suckers! ;-)
YES the highlands was so epic jigga!!!! So much fun. You were single and I was figuring out things and we just had so much fun
"Take Your Hand" and "Throwback" are my joints. I always play those when I can.
Thanks for the RT!
morning cuddles with chris && mo
Thought I was go absolutely die at the gym today wtf
I know how that is. Sweet dreams :)
The awkward moment when the girl who had an abortion likes a "stop abortion" link o_0
Love it! RT : I would love to see vegetable garden & talk about importance involve our kids in gardening!
did you try to get her number pervert
Good Morning Farm friends...come by today and say Hi to your fellow Farmers! Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Hope everyone has a happy Flag Day!!
Thanks for the follow. ~Mark
When is it? Can you email me details?
Time for the Meatball Housewives !!!!
happy B DAY my dude
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho doesn't listen to Of Mice & Men
Not sure how to take that nickel back performance... Uninspired and poor song selection.
Do I need to come by this afternoon again? I'm already eating a block of New Moon while I set up the Cirrus shoot...
Let's Go Cards!
To save future heartache, a PSA: Aloha no longer serves complimentary soup and salad.
PP sucked last 2 Seasons. Kitchen was in charge 2010/11 season. Short memories.
Looks like the #Thunder are playing this game in Pandora.
don't understand how my short wife can take up the entire king size bed...#badnightofsleep thanks sugarfoot!
aweeh. You so sweet c':
HEY SIS!!!..STAMPED-N-DIVAS!!!
On the way to Selma for the march--watching Eyes on the Prize video about the Bloody Sunday march
I've broken down and started listening to christmas music!!!
Kiss my golden glorious ass.
Congrats to Hazavanicious, his direction in The Artist was spot on for recreating silent film. But in my opinion, Scorsese should've won
Good luck to my bro and peformannce
Dominos allows you to put the status of your pizza on Facebook. Wow
I love thunderstorms. :)
Yours or maybe someone you helped through social. I have forgotten everything.
I love #popcornopolis! This helping me get through work! Haha
okay Jenna I will... Lo siento, but we all miss you here at grazis :(
I'm sorry love :(
Don't like me? Have a seat with all the other bitches waiting for me to give a fuck!
How do I get out of twitter prison ? I can not follow anyone, is there a secret?
Hadn't heard of it 'til now, but D9 sounds cool. I'm picking up a friend from SEA Sun. afternoon, but otherwise I'm game.
happy Tuesday
Hot soups and sandwiches for lunch. 35 cent wings tonight and team trivia at 8pm.
Your mission statement: Is it a mission or a promise? And in the end, which is more powerful? via
i want someday so bad...
Does DC have a tiki bar? I think it's ready.
welcome to the Florida weather :)
Pat's a fool.
you're welcome! I love watching you and match (almost) everyday.
it's always been a pleasure. You never know maybe it will be 9 years next year haha
Truck are at Dania Beach for lunch. 1200 Stirling Road. Eat at
Getting high off of highlighters
Brendan said it can be service hours or a coffee talk
hm the team in blue looks like their fans are leaving early. this feels eerily familiar...
Check out Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate!
I've been on Roosevelt for an hour, going south. I could have walked home by now.
Cam Newton had a great year and he should be the
RT : #DidYouKnow fact - There is a gas cloud in space with enough alcohol to make 400 trillion trillion pnts of beer
I got a new bike from today! The Alysa FTO! Just got back from a bike ride and I absolutely love it!
I heard you liked wetted meld
fun fact: being exposed to a ginger is 10x more dangerous than being exposed to radiation
RIP to the man who got killed tonight.
What the hell am I going to do with all these "G8 is GR8" t-shirts now?
Bored af right now
i mean… will i really have to use yahoo?
Also, I'm straight up pounding these Ben & Jerry's ice cream bars in the media tent.
well that's disappointing
Good morning!!! ---- can't breathe out of my nose today! Ah.....
Any idea when 'Lunch with a Legend' will start up again?
all your tweets about camp team stuff makes me want to come back to AU just to be on camp team!
You know, they should make that a city-wide event/fundraiser: "Walk I-40 for Charity" or something like that... :)
Everyone kept seeing that I wasn't myself. even my best mate Adrian, can see it.
cant wait to see ur nba 2k12 videos
Time to get back in the swing of things! #9RoundMinute coming up at noon!!
Great! I'm looking forward to being a part of the discussion!
Happy New Year everyone :)
Its Sunday, come rage with us for all day happy hour!!
I'm gonna put mine on my fridge!
that's my baby brothers name lol
Yes, column about the influences of corporate politics in objective journalism (or whatever it is Kornheiser does).
RT : Existing home sales fell 3.8% in May to a 4.81 million annual rate. Realtors' group cites high gas prices and severe weather
We are thankful to all of our wonderful clients. What are you thankful for today?
I am so happy you retired from the and dedicate so much time to Twitter. It makes my life more entertaining.
I miss you and I love you!
then you love me! :D
Interactive video is the future of healthcare info education-viewers receive a tailored msg based on their wants and needs
one of the illest contributions to hip hop hands down
if you are putting money on it #kings otherwise #preds given the MKE connection?
I have a programming degree, but really wish I had the time and money to study more :)... The technology changes so fast.
on my way
Pass around my videos please! Http://www.YouTube.com/Thatkidmeli
"The LORD will fight for you, and you will hold your peace."~Exodus 14:14
Community Links insertion deadline today! Call now for the next issue!
no it's not.
bout to crash nite twitter <333 I LOVE YOU GOODNIGHT
Good luck! Hope one of you posts the outcomes, I would be interested.
No challenge is too difficult for me, no obstacle too high, no sickness, no person, nothing that can keep me from my God-given destiny.
On a scale of 1-5, how impractical would it be to go to Vegas to see the Beatles Cirque show? I'm thinking....completely practical.
If you loved me you'll show me instead of always telling me.
AA is fine, Falling in Reverse is fine. BVB, BOTDF is shit.
lol! Ur welcome dude! :) I'm catching up right now. Any wait to c the new season!
I'm game! Wait, what are we talking about?
suggest they see or another editor...
Ponzu Lovers: Marukan’s Soy Ponzu is now available at
two most important things to have on assign = batteries and memory cards.
Follow me and I'll dm you my plan to make all my bff's dreams come true. You play a big part.
that was actually the #ecar study...
We don't want the Angels leftovers!!!!!
We're probably the coolest and best apartment matching service you know. Just call us The Love Doctor of #apartment pairing. ;)
exactly, that is 's point, and why we blame the violator in this case
"Tennessee is my kitten." -
Next week special coming soon
I use Starbucks so often for their bathrooms my bowels can no longer move unless I see that green logo first.
76ers know they garbage..
S/O to my dude on gettin inked up today! Happy birthday man!
Lmao nice shoulda known you was gonna pretty much play me. fuck you. #Pissed off
Tonight is our first time. Seeing you that is! Can't wait to hear you live.
i can almost taste the cynicism and sarcasm in that. ouch
Corporate life is not for me.
June ~>RT Is your birthday coming up? Let me know and receive a birthday gift from me!
that run-in diss was just so hurtful lol
Seniors better have a good ass prank planned out for tomorrow.
she's in the top 10 hands down. #gotmodels?
Foodshoppin at pathmark cause yolo. If I see anyone I know there I'll be horrified. I look like crapp.
I wanna dance and love
ha alright hun :)
got some new lip rings at hot topic!!!
I feel bad:( it was an april fool joke on my kids and fam!!
Well, gee, thanks! “: has the best iced coffee in town.”
Mike Eisenberg talks about the future of info literacy
Hey Drake how you doin ;) I hope all is good, Mucho Amor from your chica Tiff <3
you guys fly coach wearing niners attire and night on the town on you guys in SF#NinerNation baby!
What a strange narrowness of mind now is that, to think the things we have not known are better than the things we have known. ~S Johnson
sore muscles
it froze, but I didn't hang up.
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
it's 47 degrees--same temp as yesterday
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you , and everything you do ♥
Having dinner at for What a beautiful view. Stay tuned for pictures.
Thanks to everybody who has been joining us for open mic nights. It has been amazing to see all this talent in one place!
Do you know what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You. -Tyler the Creator.
Thanks for the FridayFollow!
RT Is it racist to say that all anime characters look alike?
We're opening at 11am! SW 9th and Alder.
k gurrlll just tweeted
Life goes on, people forget, and old wounds heal. Nothing lasts forever.
I told Greg he needs to get on there easy money
thanks man!
After 5 wonderful years in a row, have to skip XI. Work and economy driven reasons! Who's going on XI?
Why does BART keep fucking up the 19th St connection?
MT From police blotter when Joseph's head was knocked off park's nativity: "No suspects or witnesses except for God."
I found the first movie I was paid to make. Figures I saved the movie and not the $. "The Advisor" Ironic !
brunch, softball, relaxing. You?
Declined for an individual health policy due to a preexisting condition? We can educate you on your options. Give us a call at 619.222.0119.
RT : how exciting!
Decided to open my PS3 to see why it sounds like a train running on tracks...Wish me luck
lol I just said he gonna shoot somebody
Very impressed w/ the new commercials airing during these NBA playoff games. Right up there w/ Nike in terms of having "it".
The 1st murder conviction obtained through fingerprints was in 1892 (Argentina). A mother killed her 2 children, leaving her print behind.
Awkwardly wanting to be with someone 24/7 only after knowing them for a week ugh.
y'all make the semi-annual back chatter of council a pleasure.
you dont mess with a tired girls coffee..
you all know how long it would take?
Most things killing brain cells r fun RT : Is it bad that I love the smell of freshly painted walls? Lol
:( I'm sorry. I think about you tho(:
Summer where u at?!
Interesting; drug traffickers don't tend to pack up in a van and drive their drugs from Venezuela. How do US gun laws come in?
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
Hey guys, the first night of In-Q's two-night only show was awesome...one more night..tomorrow...be warned...standing room only.
Finally back in Indy after a great time in STL..ready to get the weekend started. #Lebowski Night at the Elbow room is up first. Who's in?
any thoughts on the Canon EOS Rebel T1i? took the survery said it was the best match 4 what im looking for. additional thoughts?
I feel lik durin this class is my all time high point of tweeting.
That's exactly why the SC doesn't want cameras in court. Out of context sound bites. BUT reading an entire opinion is BORING!
thanks! You too. (:
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line. With tears in her eyes, she still manages to say "Nah, Im fine"
good! That sounds awesome! I miss you! 😘
Me- "Frank adding me on Facebook and stuff." Frank- "You know what that means." Colin-"Wants the d."
Haha, my Loki comment caused a [very] minor uproar. :)
Any suggestions on group video conference options. Educator discounts would be great. Groups <10. Skype Premium?? Thanks.
Lol Thank You aha
Check out our Used Car Specials this week- Price Reductions on 24 cars.
LOL i was trying to forget that one. he was a bit young for the role. but yeah, still an awesome flick! gotta love Raimi :)
Excited that is finally opening its doors for business today! Definitely going to hit that up tonight!
Media is reporting Microsoft will pull out of CES after 2012!
NYStock Exchange says there was NO error during massive 998 point drop in the stock market." No error? It sure looked funny.
Took a walk an checked out a book at today.
Began reading Chekov's The Lady with the Dog story yesterday. Can't wait for lunch today to finish it. Watermelon for a snack too, ha.
what did they tell you in the office?
I love watching proud families stand up and cheer for their
Did Wes Welker really host a party with an all midget wait staff? I cant decide if thats offensive or amazing...maybe both.
Feeling good right now ;)
Movie sex scenes involving Ryan Gosling are cruel. Just cruel.
2 take aways I've learned so far: The technology for making and distributing films is changing and "it's all about the story"
Good question. I guess I'll let you know when I find that out myself.
I now remember seeing this as I was falling asleep last night. Actually thought it might have been a HS friend.
If u followers under 30 don't know how great Albert Brooks, Billy Crystal & Steve Martin r, rent DRIVE, MR. SATURDAY NIGHT & THE JERK stat
omg ! I signed and looked at the pic that truely awesome it looks soo real !! u did A UNBelievably Awesome job !! hope jbcs
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world! Love you mom (:
Rice given Davis isn't 100% and playing niners D. I roll dice with Skelton, you KNOW Moore sucks, we only THINK Skelton does.
Did not expect to hear so much about LOVE today. Different kind of conference, indeed.
I know the feeling!
life is good b a beast about it H.
#edt246 It's interesting how Eizmore's family is just as self sufficient as Jenny and Donny. They would grow/work for everything they needed
If that one floppy is the key, I will have lived the wrong life. :-)
Reasons why so many changes fail #9 Lack of Trust Can Kill Change. See blog post on this critical issue.
I hate movies like when their speaking in another language.
Big win! Had a great time watching it with the OU club of indianapolis!
thank you for your follow!
Google Chrome! You have "Aw, Snap'ed" me for the last time! Welcome back Firefox 6... at least for the time being.
you'll figure out a way to follow me when i'll be verified celeb, yea i'm told to be a dreamer, Supernatural Teen romance
#wcmf11 Branding yourself is important because there's so much competition in journalism
I'm sorry to hear about the loss of your brother. We've never met, but you have my deepest sympathies.
Twitter beef on my TL *gets popcorn*
Time for me to go peeps. Gotta go and buy some beer. Gonna get my drink on.
ive been busy, alot i never thought it was this hard to make money
All mock picks seem=OTs. W/ Collie and Hayden's health issues couldn't we go WR/CB? Or do u see White/Tyron making improvements?
YES ;D haha, i love u!
Come on #weather! It's almost #June and it's still SO Chilly. My #Peppers don't like you. Please warm up!
Wake up before 6 am is not healthy at all
Laying down , over here bored and Im getting like no jeff lol
too funny. Love the shot where you wrote your name on your chest. OK... back to working out...
My sophomore will not be missed. It sucked so much 😒.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌈
Ah, what would we do with out ya Barb
#cil2010 is a trending topic for Washington!
does this guy ever stop talking? Nice to have you back but try and get a word in!
im loving the show so far
im all for frinds over for cookouts/gameday and havin a goodtime doin that then being at a bar
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace
Well played, and thank you for the new hash tag
Austin Mahone = s-e-x-y.
yay! thank you... getting ready? ;)
Goodnight Brody, I love you!
My two favorite idols of season 11
ohh, cool :) Lets talk :)
Sometimes I Stevie wonder....
*raises eyebrows at you*
Steve Jobs shows how
Giggle a little “: If a wack rapper wit no album out told u "all he does is make hits" what wuld u do?”
Oh dear...with my cousin Ashley married and possibly moving, I'm now the only woman in this building.
my stomach just grawled.
nah I'm solid:) thanks tho.
No the other person lol
Wow! Just stumbled on the gallery website and it's beautiful. Nice to see Idaho on the art scene map. :-)
RT if you don't care what people think about you┌∩┐(ツ)┌∩┐
I said "professional".
It's not much of a relief when the game gives me trophies like "Blunder."
Sometimes Songs express the way we feel
I am happy to see sunflowers sprouting in my yard. I can't wait to garden some more!
What I let the boys do for fun.
Dat baby don't look like me!
Akismet is fine, that won't cause any image upload problems.
Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being. ~Michel de Montaigne
My bad, it was John Wesley.
Seeing the wonderful (Nancy Dobbs Owen) in "The Bridge Club" at Deaf West. Catch it, closing soon!
so where is the online petition to keep you out of directing retirement? Fanbase not really interested in how you feel about it.
"Mao's Last Dancer" is gripping--I couldn't stop thinking about it for days after watching. BTW, congrats on a fabulous ArtScape!
Okay legislators, as an allergy sufferer this 30day limit on pseudoephedrine needs to end ASAP. 24 pills 12 hours per - over 30 days. $&@)$
RT : When starting a new weight program you must have a clear mind,believe in what you are doing,eliminate negative...
#FavoriteSuperhero Batman vigilante, overcame tragedy and overall a boss
Track your rainmaking efforts and measure the results for it is the only way you can have certain knowledge of is and is not working
For more information, email us at or call 512-459-4405 All the best - SCREVEN EDGERTON M.D. a.k.a. (DR. E)
woman you aren't a citizen? HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?
so sorry to hear that...statistically ABQ is very safe, but there are some bad eggs out there. I hope you notified ?
For some reason , WAKA Flocka would scare me if I was on the streets at night .
Wampserver's new site design is awesome!
I so would much rather be asleep then writing this paper I promised myself I wouldn't procrastinate on.
Small biz Saturday has arrived!!
Friday Feb. 24th two 16 year olds were driving to cheer at a basketball game, hit a patch of black ice and were hit by an
2nd shoot day on Saltwater!!!
I don't understand why ppl liked The Hunger Games movies ... The book was seriously 100 times better!!!
You know you butt-dialed me 5 times yesterday and today? I
Tired, need to pee and still running errends. Its a day for isles and glaciers I think.
heck yea! Thanks bro
I LOVE YOUR NEW SONG BOYFRIEND (: AMAZIING
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
we still need to hang out!!
Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
I have to finish the album I'm working on now... I won't be able to do anything till march
How did I not know that Knight Library has chairs that rock?!?
i hate going to school when its raining.
The Moon!
Cheers to the weekend!
- It has been over a week since you gave me an update on the $. Please advise asap!
Great pressure shooting by Phil Forte to win the American high school 3-point shooting contest in New Orleans on CBS Sports.
I still can't stop smiling <3
One thing worse than a drunk Yankee fan. 23 drunk Yankee fans.
Color correction is looking good for ! Heading into the home stretch of post!
Enjoying a quiet moment. Next week starts recording at SHU with the SOUL SHAKEDOWN
And if I do say so myself, I look pretty damn good as a redhead. Better than blonde, at least
Despite a laidback wkend enjoying my parents' visit to CLE, I'm so tired today. Upside? I have an excuse to treat myself to coffee!
#whenitwascoolto smoke ciggerettes boys to men were making hits
God their passive aggressive bullshit is tiresome
#ShoutOutToo her twitcon is pretty ^_^ guys follow her!
you're a bitch
Great exhibit on Zimbabwean stone sculpture in Atlanta airport.
Am loving this twilight
paragon friends rock
I'm not headed that way, but know I'm waving through my computer screen.
well, I don't think that's just a "bear" issue.........
85% of Chinese spend time on Chinese web pages
Thanks for the follow, Tom!
Organic Black Bean and Quinoa Burgers served on soft Artisan Bread.....Dinner at D'Lish Drive Thru...Open til 9pm!!
To me, it doesn't matter if an artist or song is mainstream. If It sounds good to me,
2 hours of #glee + Lindsay Lohan? YES!
Random girl messages me and says my picture makes me look gay! Umm thanks HOE I see your pregnant again.......
Thanks for the resource. I really appreciate it.
why in a rush?
it's about to go down man
Advice for the #CUA bros & biddies: Try writing a love letter next time. We hear they impress more than drunken stupors.
Damn i wish i went to Vegas
You rock, Patti. RT : Getting ready for the first meeting of the 37days Book Club! I love reading and thinking in community!
na chill I'm bout to ccome thru and take one allso
My heads all tied up like a pretzel, I got a pretzel in my head
wanted to update you on what's going on with the Global Success Club.. '90 Days To $100K/Yr" program! www.globalsuccessclubusa.com
So do I. It's kind of like a grammar game you can play.
He has great stage presence too. Love especially when he sings ballads and plays the piano like last night.
Looks like another HOT week in Raleigh coming up! 90 - 95 every day..... Baseball practice tomorrow - bring lots of water!
the years to come there will be thousands of FREE members making 4 and 5 figure incomes from the technology IN PS.
Congratulations !! So exciting to hear Milo Greene on Grey's Anatomy!
I agree w/ are gonna win! Positive vibes, positive tweets.
I kno it is what it is with me a person work speaks for itself....
UK opens up as a 21.5 point favorite against Ole Miss today.
"There are two types of smokers in this world, those trying to quit and those who quit buying"
the next two days are gonna suck.
why's it called Puzzles?
Grains are debatable, but dairy is not necessarily healthy in my opinion
False. Do we need to have an intervention?
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR BRACES! YOUR GONNA LOOK GREAT!<3(:
[Heb4:2]To us & also them the gospel was preached but the word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith in them that heard it
RT : "If President Obama cured Hunger-The GOP would blame him for over Population"--- Alan Grayson-(D)
don't text me when im texting you, now i have to change my text
Saw #50/50 tonight...is there any Seth Rogen movie where he isn't smoking weed?? lol
hey can you get on pimd cuz it's not letting me
did an audit of my seed bank and found that I have over 40 species of herbs, fruits, and vegetables.
I bought some #kingtravisclothing :)
IT'S ALMOST MOTHERDAY... SHE'S A BIG FAN OF YOU. PLEASE TWEET: DEAR RENATE AND DANIELLE.. HAPPY MOTHERDAY.. PLEASE!!!
awesome! Looking forward to getting over the standing desk hump.
they always come back...
Thanks for the follow... now following back! ;D
Hope all goes well in Haiti!
Thanks for the follow! Love your work. Let's connect.
just for that she's upset with you right now. Lol.
alright. I'm quite excited.
based on the tweetage, looks like your talk went really well! so glad! want to know more about what you're doing w/ protovis!
Congrats! What you get? RT lol. Yep. Moving on up
I wish it had just been a standalone & not a series. Would have been much stronger that way. But EVERYONE is doing series now.
i'm not saying my job could be done by ANY rabbit... but humbled likewise. :)
yes! She's a stud.
I mean why in the Hell would I be serious. It's twitter. I mean I got death threats today from anonymous ppl..obv I'm joking
Spider Lou, spider Lou...
Peace, love and happy memories!
Good morning good #tea people! Like rain, people come into our lives to keep us from being parched.
just saw your Twitter bio says "part time resident of " That's fantastic! :)
Hey, I am following you !!!
Car service gal: Excuse the wait, we're going thru a system upgrade. So fun. Have you ever been thru one? Me: Daily. I develop systems.
Dey say stop chasing a look at who chasing you. Wat if you not attracted to em
Thanks for the RT Bob
how's that working out for ya? Follow news sites and then go from there. Lots of great D town folks too
Cool whos your favorite wrestler.
Heading down to Towson U. today to sell some tickets. Look for , , and
Use Medicinal Cannabis......and Fight Cancer...
Are you ready for some football???
can I send you guys some stuff?
what??? who the hell is hary??
i would totally love to cook for you. I really like to especially if it's be for you.. you'd be grateful.
You are rockstar women. And you're beautiful.
Wonder if I set up the IR cams on the DVR if I can capture ghosts of Turkey's today?
was the only one with something negative to say about it damn her!!
Oh i already met him last friday but i wanna see him again
“Action expresses priorities.” ~Mohandas K. Gandhi If this is true, then I... must... get.... back.... to... Jerez!!!!
Was such a nice weekend.
So...Buckethead doesn't get inducted with Guns N Roses, but Steven Adler does? They both played on one album...
Dur, I didn't have auto-update turned on. Still curious about the location storage back-end. Is it per-tweet? Thanks!
who cares about #beck?? what about #beggy?
how r u?! miss you!
Hey Who's your favorite athlete? Who would you like to see us interview?
TY for the RT ! I feel the same feelings you do! No doubt that FB has a plan when it come to ads & such.
I think it was scooby doo and the globetrotters.
But we're having a heat wave!
Lust for Life
I don't what is w my truck that certain city cops love but pull me over all you want bitches shiiiit is clean booooooooomm
Really honored by co-winning annual #teamwork award last night with ! Congrats to all the other award winners too!
CRSS would like 2 thank U all 4 ur continued support, & love @ our events. W/out U all, we wouldn't b here. So we r forever greatful!!! XOXO
Finally, we'll stop being confused with a pair of pants!
I'm opening the largest personal training studio in the Northwest soon - come to #Seattle?
For someone everybody seems to think is leaving, Andy MacPhail is still working pretty hard. He just walks away? Hm...
Need some more followers!
It's David you mention our workout on
sounds to us like you're planning for your future! :D
At a wedding👍💑
Yeah plus a nigga dont get paid till tomrrow. But i'll see if ppl still tryna hoop tho
get me some! Its mine aswell! :D
Will Work for 7D Blimp.
Gov. Bentley signs tornado tax holiday bill
#sales is psychology. So u better learn about psychology.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. ~~~ Al Capone
so fucking tired, but that's what i get for not eating protein
Girl! That was a good tweet! Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
is in the house!!! Always a party with a good people doing positive great things!
you're right...we take it back!
 here's you a kabob.
Can't stop itching my leg! What the fuckkkk
Excuse me but I don't turn around for"aye girl"
Anybody know if the Pens game will be on at Divestock?
lol omg yes! I hope it wins!
you got to be kidding me! paul george should have won with 2 amazing dunk come on people
yeah that sucks.
please follow back?! It would make my day 10x better(:
Dreams leads to success/success leads to dream that seem impossible to touch
come on
My little Florida sunshines just bought land in Elma to build a house !!!! Excited is not even the word ☀❤
I still can't get over the $1,540 bullet I dodged at the #Blackjack table Thursday night. Hell, it wasn't even a bullet... it was a bomb!
Everyone I want to go ; isn't going :|
I thought so too!! Pretty cool!
I will be doing an internet-friendly version too. :-)
Missing My Beloved Country #Egypt :(
My mom is gone! Time to make her cupcakes before she comes home.
I picked you as a Cooper! How much do you know about fermaldehyde in FEMA trailers?
text mee :D
Purchase How to Find Your Dream Job, Even in a Recession with 15% off with coupon code SEPTSAVE305. Hurry ... offer ends Friday.
rock on gurlllll
DYING. DYING. DYING.
he's still riding the penn state train
Tbh the only boy that doesnt seem like a dick is Justin. FORREAL THO
SO. JEALOUS. RT : listening to John Green in person. SWOON.
Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 11-13.
I know i'd never let you walk away, so why do I push you til you break.
You guys are so cute together!
will be there!
just at house after seeing Sebastian at the mall that mother fucker didnt even tlk to me
The #HorseshoeCasino is grand opening, and I am going to bed. Have fun #CLE! Play something fun for me!
Do you know about the Cherokee Challenge? $20k in seed funding + office space + back office + mentoring: www.cherokeechallenge.clm
I'd like working retail more if I could sit down and not constantly have to "appear busy". Working 9-4 tomorrow on my feet -- kill me now!
it's the cocaine!
That is a good one. Against the Dark is one of the LOW budget movies he produced himself.
I remember hearing John Cougar (Mellencamp) doing I Need a Lover and Pat Benatar's Heartbreaker.
All I see on my TL are the following words: bitch, nigga, east/west side, fuck, and mother fucker. it's good to see twitter never changes.
It's like a million degrees outside.
Scratch that... Conference Finals tomorrow! Getting ahead of myself. Lol.
Happy Leap Day! How are you spending your extra day??
I'm sorry I wanna be all yours, I'm sorry I wanna love you...
Sliced 2 of my fingers open with a butterknife.
Great session tonite at The men continue to exceed expectations. Demo day is gonna rock!
I was told zero anywhere.
“: These people on my floor really gotta stop slammin these doors..”blows you doesn't it.
Wow, thank you!
Yes I really am awake. Early morning delivery of to the airport.
Are you excited for both of us music video to come out
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!!!! :) I LOVE YOU AND YOU'RE AMAZING <3 hope you had a fabulous day!! :D You deserve it! :D
this summer i'm not gonna straighten/curly my hair, UNLESS for a special occasion. this shit needs to heal.
R2-D2 = SO HOT RIGHT NOW.
hello thanks for the follow..
#itsCuteWhen a girl blushes just by seeing you
wow, obnoxious marketing lameness. Thx
RT : RT : Khabibulin uses a torspo stick.u don't C many of those arnd anymore.that's even be4 's time!
Very easy to setup. Please let us know if you need any assistance.
what song?
was good ma
Done. Ma says hi back.
the boy in the striped pajamas makes me cry every time :'(
thanks...we got another one coming hopefully! Its been the most fun ever!
I'm at work lol
SUPER BOWL
LOL OMG "IT LOOKED LIKE A DIAPER"
These folk serious ok ... Gut check time....taking the gloves off... Got caught look'n ... Taking it back to the trenches
How did it take me this long to go to Donn's Depot? This place is the best!
My Cousin Swallowed A Nickel Friday Hes Only 4 You Cant Blame Him
Mess with me? I'll let karma do its job. Mess with my family? I'll become karma.
They say money talks, I believe em cause mine keep saying GOOD BYE!
GOODMORNING LADY'S
Masterfully done sir!
shouldnt he have said run plane? #wordplay #getit?
You lie the loudest when you lie to yourself!
CAUSE I LOVE
G'day to all!
Feeling very encouraged. Thank all of you for the RTs and Prayers. I'm praying for you as well.
I love it.
Can't wait to hear all about it!
If you all actually believe that madison said he would kiss that madisongirlx or w.e the fuck her name is under the mistletoe you're dumb
Exactly one week til the band trip (:
Thank for the #MM mention. Have a beautiful week!
"My Old Kentucky Home" at the Kentucky Derby is the greatest moment in all of sports.
BCBA Prep Workshops starting March 26th! Do you know anyone taking the exam in May?Pass this on. 10% off w/mention of Twitter or Facebook
u think he looks good without braces or u prefer braces:)
Niggas I tell u
Too bad you don't have an iPad to pass the time, #bro. They're tits. GOOD LUCK! xoxox
Today! Last chance! Get those Creative Bravos Nominations in!
I thinks most of the attention given to Sarah Palin has to do with her looks because she really has nothing other to offer
very agreed...they deserved to play the whole time
make it nasty
is fosho my favorite Asian.
i know you will never see this but you have inspired me so much to never give up no matter what anyone says so thanks (:
love it!
Having drinks with friends & family this holiday season? We reccomend a Grasshopper or a White Russian! They lift your holiday spirits!
Damn we livin in a carless world
In the studio today working on beats gotta a movie deal on the line, I NEED that check!!!
Not sure if anyone thought this yet, but Avery coming up indicates to me that Reimold might be on the DL a while longer.
Bout to get ready to leave my house!
Honey, look the place of the brain in your head, until now, vacant.
Hockey is the Bad Girls Club on ice.
I like how u put the put the Jk but in reality ur thinkin omg Paetan look at his but #justsayin lol
Can't fall asleep, just keep thinking about everything I have to do tomorrow.
haha, I have no off switch.
Goodmorning I'm Sick And Pissed Off I Don't Want To Go To School Ugh
New #GeekTrivia question from : Who created the Golden Age DC Comics character Slam Brady?
who else has a panel at SXSWi. Would love to fill my schedule with your talented brains.
It sure looks like it buddy. I like what I'm seeing from the Giants camp so far.
Recession solved: fiverr.com. Thanks, internet. You always have the answers.
i know how you feel.. i have biostats on tuesday and i have yet to study =/
My step daughter is a monster on the btl
Got in a 5K run BEFORE work today and it felt great! Nice to have some #Motivation again!
In 1949, the Soviet Union lifted the Berlin Blockade, which the Western powers had succeeded in circumventing with their Berlin Airlift.
UNCLE RUSH YO NEPHEW
Are you excited for your upcoming performance at ?
This is like watching a HS D5 Girls JV game, except that's a knock on HS D5 Girls JV shooting.
Hope you enjoy your food.. and have an awesome weekend!
Specialist for my arm 😁 hopefully no surgery ...that'd be a mood killer ..
:) It was realxed, I just went to the flea market to buy some moto equipment and some hiking packs and changed the oil in the trucks
So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets."
me and my date look damn good!
You're welcome!!
No emergency PR today. Let's hope they get the wildfire out and away from our water supplies.
I'm glad y'all are doing great! How is the house searching?
We need ONE MORE fan to reach 300 Likes on FB! Who will be our 300th #Encore Fan!?
Thank you guys! 76 followers!! :) Can I get 80?? :)
good luck nikki ! (:
Haha he deserved it! What did you ever do to him to get such hate???
just presented Oral History Association in Prague.
If anyone has a "KEEP ON" kinda life story, or moment, and ure willing to share it, please send to .
dont be hating! see ya tomorrow loser
*Groan RT George R.R. Martin in Rolling Stone: 200 pages done out of 1500 in Winds of Winter.
Hi Monica, thanks for the Special K. Have a good weekend.
Haha yeah :D
Argentina’s football league changed it’s name to Crucero General Belgrano 1st Div. after the ship that was sunk in 1982. FIFA is not happy.
Had so much fun at yesterday's Vets Day Parade! Glad sponsors stepped up to make it happen! Thanks for your help
It'll be easy to binge watch later on DVD or Netflix. Probably could do season 1 in one marathon weekend.
Keep guessing! I'll give you a hint, you are WAY low! RT : 300,000lbs.
At smoky mountain brewery in waldens landing in pigeon forge
Today's Google Doodle is awesome! Check it out if you need a smile or if you're into Muybridge and early video.
that's why we're having the assembly--and it is the first one
And u r one of the most patient people I know! RT I put together nicks bedroom set from ikea...By myself! You can do it!
Still working on piecing my friday night together! hahah -
Haha tell that to the interactive team, who has to do a shot of Tabasco today :)
They just came out with a album around this time last year. Not as good as the first, but definitely better than the second.
thinks it's crazy college life is in madison wisconsin! brings back freshman memories :)
Well the Redskins did it again, 1st they draft RG I and now Kirk Cousins in the 4th round. Can you say Heath Shuler and Gus Frerotte. Wow
Some men are just horribly indiscreet when their gaze falls upon the female form. Jedi padewons or worse it seems.
All deez rappaz frownin in there pics like someone just slapped there momma'z face or like they gotta fart real bad and tryin to hold it____
#NP "Long as they keep printing it there's chances of getting it, Money's my bitch and we stay intimate"
I'm genuinely excited for college looking at all of these books makes 2 years seem like a lifetime.
Their bigger insult is employing Anthony Lane.
I have upset teen problems. Ah!
Be sure to RT the last message we retweeted from for a chance to win tix to our 9/16 Gabriel Iglesias show!
i know its a full version of BITCH YOU WRONG and I want it
"Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening."
I just died
Looks like they have a serious ethics issue in their system design. Classic punishing the user.
who can help me get to 200 followers....No One? screw you then!:)
Everyone get to a tv and put on for #30RockLive.Last time they did the live episode and the cast put on a great show
Don't sale your hair to a wig shop..
R school assists the community by having a food drive 4 R local food pantry. It has become a staple in the schedule each year.
Your in my arms tonight
My dream >>
Romance your mate by giving him or her your full, undivided attention.
TradeKing and Zecco are merging, except for the free trading part. Suxors for Zecco customers.
I don't have either of them yet.
we'll be printing a lot of new merch soon in anticipation of tours and the new record. I will personally let you know when I do.
I am not sure who said it but they couldn't mean don't plan at all
Agreed! "Housing first" model's very gratifying all around.
maybe someday!
looks like a useful tool. I could've used that heads-up info during my 1/2 Iron last wk. My athletes would prob love it too!!
Miss you too!! Hope you get to go and have a fun day!
Great Lake & Burt's shouldn't evn be cnsidrd same food. Both gr8, but distant cousins, at most. Try Grt Lake!
When is the last time you stopped in for a look at our shelves? Come on down and see us!! Just a short drive down Federal open till 7! :)
yes Omg I'm so excited I can't wait until they start selling tickets
I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF YOU DONT NEED ME NOW….
Hey guys follow my #1Dfamily sister shes awesome xx
There seem to be some holes in #KONY2012 and with #IC. Do your research. However, they have succeeded with raising awareness. First step.
Drunk chick on flight vomited on herself. Then got mad when there were no other seats for her to move to. Mad & sitting in her own filth.
i talked to my original penpal from almost 20 years ago yesterday. Still lives in Vila-Real. Totally gutted.
Thank u for the follow! We appreciate it! :-)
Computer is running out of battery. Guess I'l shut it down now.
Everyday is Sunday around here! Except we wake up late, thereby being crappy not-believing-in-stuffers.
they paid for your flight and all that? I need that hook up
Feeling a little sick today so I didn't go to school. Now I can enjoy my powdered doughnuts.
it would be legit if you followed me right now<3 :)
Speaking with law firms and clients in legal services about balancing margins and efficiency via Cloud-enablement
eyes set to kill <3
Headed to on Sunday with & Melody, Gail and Susan
look at my last tweet lmfao
a mandatory $28 parking fee sort of nixes the good deal I got on a hotel through Priceline.
I can remember more than a few Independence Days in Chicago that were chillier and worse than this here St. Patty's Day.
Follow me on instagram
If sweat had a sound, mine would sound like porrlaaaaannnnddddd
Normally I smile at ppl who show up 5 mins before a movie starts, looking for 4-5 seats. At least till they start asking ppl to switch seats
Tweet me please i'm really bored :(
The real question is, are you a Rapid Github User?
Still in a New York state of mind.
Just voted in the ALA/AASL elections. Make sure if you are a member to take time to vote!!! Let your voice be heard!
12 team PPR. 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, Manning, F-Jax, or Best? Please Help!
Just watched DayToday New York... I wana party with and Turn Up!!!
I say Gangstalicious from the Boondocks RT : Ok I'm baffled by this one. Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
Haha that is true! But only! If its a bad thing you were doin!
If april showers bring may flowers? Then is may rain all in vain?
So emotionally drained after the Hunger Games.
... don't play with people's feelings. You suck, fucking lemming.
On the scene at AZ...already 80°! Psyched to get started!
Congrats on the big win today #gobadgers!
gotta song for you whens the next time you can get in the yo?
Well, I thought Ron Artest had come a long way. But I guess not. Oh well. Kinda an ugly scene at Staples Center.
hahahahaha that was hilarious
thank's for the RT. glad all is well in your neck of the woods. Really can't imagine a Romney US.
Shed a few tears watching The Voice
who wants to do the pretty girl rock????
lmao you know it!
Tonight is one of the only nights of the week for R&B & Hip Hop! If that's what U like, the u need to be at
They're getting trashed 11-6, so disappointed
Awww you like me? And her, and her and her..Wow, I feel special.
Now that I know the right tweet :) I would add that it "can" change with experience but it does not mean that it will be noticeable
u aren't gonna become one of those crossfit nuts right?
Despite the rumbly weather my patients have been super mellow and sweet today :) We dont need the spa music- just keeping the windows open!
It turned out better than I thought. I will send you a pic later - it will be shot this weekend. Faux fur sheds like crazy.ugh.
Is my bookshelf a library?
M, ranch flavored body of Christ.
Yes Clippers got the win! Good way to redeem that loss.
I miss mike so much :( can't wait to see him monday
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn they stopped caring
I thought he was following me already
so yummy
Only in Europe will you hear a guy say "cheers" after giving him a bj because they celebrate women more.
That's fine tho
Article in latest Peer Review links Equity Scorecard work w/ LEAP framework for inclusive excellence bit.ly/1zqeZq
...miss it on purpose tho. I thought yesterday was Wednesday and by the time I realized I didn't have a phone and...
Today has made a drastic turn for the better :)
Find someone who says "I Love You" .....and proves it. Reciprocate.
Hope your weekend is wonderful. Do you celebrate Mother's Day? If so, hope it's great. My daughter is coming here.
in the garage in it's own custom made shelf system and racks. Otherwise I would prob sleep with it
