RT : Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
hahah yay! i'm so excited i feel like i cant sleep!
yup. Terrible terrible people I say
People still watch Fuel?
calm yourself
ya boy StevensD1model is officially on twitter HOLLA!
i hate living in Virginia
Wish my mama would just stay here and go out of town cuz I want to stay hme I dnt want to be over there.
Volunteering with the Salvation Army today at the Cowboys game. Happy Thanksgiving!
R u still in my city?
Not expert, but....legal process has to be clean of all issues to maintain integrity. After that free speech
Great guy! One of my life achievements is being in a higher ed diversity magazine article with him and
hes nicer then eminem bro
Great morning for a run. Headed to Louisville for the weekend with my man
Kee he go say who dis Tryna play me like I'm not from the set ! Lol
thanks for the follow... BIEBER FOREVER, right?
LMAO. for real. maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine. just sayin.
ATTENTION!: Send in stuff for Pat's bday video asap! I'll be making it within the hour! send whatever you want to !
...deep thoughts...lol
This is how a day is suppose to be spent.
Yes and yes!
@ TIN ROOF in Boerne,TX with Katherine Dawn where she hosts an open mic every other Thursday
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU! SHES AN AMAZING SINGER AND CAN USE YUR SUPPORT ALWAYS! XO
Anything is Possible...Eventually.
Can't wait to see amazing guitarist Carlos Santana later tonight! The show starts at 7 pm, so just short four hors to go, yeah!!!
ahahaha what?? I've never been told that!
who's your favorite on american idol?
: Spurs clinch the #1 seed in the West by beating the Blazers 124-89. 6 Spurs finished in double-figures. Duncan had 18p 8r
where do you have andres galaragga in there?
Her book is sitting on my desk, have not yet started it. Thanks for the recommendation!
Lmao!! This lil girl walking around the house sayin, "I Need Something to Chew On, Dang"
thanks for the follow. I'll try to keep it interesting
Thank you!!! Warning: Mailing the cupcake could get very messy... Nice blog, btw!
Doing business with the boys down In our opinion, the #1 guitar shop in America.
I found my Goose! We will be unstoppable! RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose.
West is up.!
R.I.P Don Cornelious!!
it will! No need to check for updates, it will automatically check and download them when available. Relaunch and your done.
of all girls, black girls get mad the fastest lol
All 15 Milw Cnty Parks golf courses open officially today at Currie Park with the ”100 Person Swing” tee-off at noon. Join us!
kick some butt tomorrow.
I like it. I'll let you how good it works tomo when I weigh myself.
Good morning! The team is a few minutes away from announcing some exciting news (a new launch)-- stay tuned, friends.
thanks if you're ever looking to expand your biz give us a try to maximize your ROI and printing needs.
Best deals on poker chip sets! www.eproducts4less.biz. Follow on facebook @ www.facebook.com/OneStopPokerShop
Where computing started w/ PARC and where the future of computing continues.
Supermarkets have more reduced items on offer late at night.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions
Can't stand crappy singer/song-writers with bland, "nothing" voices.. hyped because they are "alternative" or "Indie". Ya suck? Ya suck!
Hopefully doing better than he was in Zombieland. RT : Just shook hands with Bill Murray. It was accidental. Where is he now?
You see all kinda crazy stuff in the morning at airports.
Check this out... Instagram and The W Hotel are launching their first ever instagram exhibition TONIGHT @ 7pm! Get inspired and then submit!
Do you know (or are you the owner) of a great #Seattle #local biz? I'm setting up features for the next few months - do give a shout!
Watching Hitch!!!
Beasties Looks so great!!
hahaha it's all good. Neither can I. Easy mix up
Taking a shower after a long day >
I'm watching too much walking dead, obviously
my dog is the same way ... he could care less about his tennis ball, till i pack it away lol
Mr. Freeman made for a great moderator at LAFOB panel.
All the energy in the universe is available for you! Take it,use it! We look for Powerful singers, Energetic singers, Passionated singers!
"sledgehammer" should really be on spotify
#random but I need giordanos, tgI fridays, hooters, & chicagos added to my schedule soon
“: Bubble gum pink nails... yummy” -- why nail polish isn't scratch-n-sniff I have no idea
Sick of Bielema getting all the credit. Dude can't hold my jock. I'm out.
Scientists should always state the opinions upon which their facts are based.
Just made a sick beat for
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of God. His timing is perfect. Trust Him.
I got you :) RT : So we lost. Thanks for the updates
To judge from that photo, I'd say that "work" is just beginning!
Glad you enjoyed the issue. I'm still waiting for my copy, and I'm the secretary.
Thanks for the follow! Do you sell #antiques in the US too?
Hey admitted students! Looking for something to do tonight? Check out the show at 7pm, tix FREE to SU
Made it to the first chorus and official verdict is New Van Halen single = snoozefest.
Who decided 5PM was going to be the arbitrary "Its ok to start drinking now and not be labeled as an alcoholic" time?
May I add?
death to all butt metal?
It's okay about your tumblr. I don't know what an ascot is for either. /via
RT if you've ever thought about actually trying a Jumbaco...
I'm down!
I'm in your hood this week. [ p-ville Wyndam Shearwater ] Let me know if you want to hang, or if you are having your beach party.
it really is...im not used 2 this
I feel as if I shouldn't be so familiar to blue lights.
#lazySunday watching #theBradyBunch. Gotta love the
What a great time yesterday we had Arbor Day Celebration at Town Center. Showed Honey Bees & sold honey to tons of folks!!
27 world series wins doesn't suck
": I'm watching SpiderMan 2...lol" the best one
and this all started 1 day ago i think if not then 2 cuz we got back together last night and i am hoping to stay with him
I'll do that. You know how long after I purchased it I can send it in for repair? You know what they charge?
happy bay. G Starr! Just listened to u the other day. Been way to long and hope I see you soon!
Im worried about #oomf right now......
Itching to have more time to play with Storyline! I'm jealous!!! Otherwise doing great.
Irony irony irony. So much of irony
in a world where just about anyone has access to a keyboard, common sense will never have a shot to prevail
If anyones of any jobs plz tweet them to me cuz me and?my 2 friends r trying to earn money to go to a concert. Plz help.
It's been great meeting with you in the field, I'm sure we'll continue to see you from time to time!
Adele is amazing.
Thanks! It feels god.
No plans for my Friday, just get horny & tweet &
That is, both fear of death and fear of life, of experience and individuation
But I'm not sure which state he's from...
Smhhh I'm Really Watching Cartoons Right Now
Good Pesach and Happy Easter to all! The Friends of the #MetuchenLibrary wish you peace on earth and good will to all.
RT Christmas sweater parties don't work in Houston because its too hot in December. #HIWI (that's one of the reasons....)
Yum! RT : I have been craving a good turkey burger!
Terrnace McKnight to emcee GetClassical at the Rose Bar event on May 6th. !!!
Oh, and... Miss ya chickadee!!! :D
im just not telling you the truth
Can't wait to truly delegate. Fuck this waitin on people to do shit...smh...
I've already downloaded the mobile app and have begun to build my schedule..
Good morning twitterverse! Slightly overcast Thursday in Phoenix! I'm preparing to visit the #azfilmfest this weekend!
you really know how to ruin someones birthday now don't you
Well, regardless, your chances of getting paid more go up with a degree. I'd much rather take a risk than work for 8.80 forever.
I would say 9th grade. I was high the whole time!!!
Ending #PCBW sampling two home brews for the first time. Both IPA and Wee Heavy have fantastic flavor. Perfect ending.
#Quikpro Long Beach here we come with plenty ALOHA!!!!!!!!!!!
Warning: the following twitter account performs stunts either by professionals or under the supervision of professionals. So don't try it.
That is definitely a high priority on the agenda! Any specific areas to check out?
Fatso's will be open tonight and tomorrow normal hours. Have a Happy New Year's!!!
Oh that's cool :)
Suh is gonna be on it too. Who the hell would WANT to be with that dbag?
#FollowEveryDay Good Folks! (via )
Did Mourinho poke Barca coach Vilanova in the eye or pinch his cheek?
yes I'm here now!!! Where u at?!
Well, we are in Tempe so we LOVE #Chandler!
Just painted my nails blue. You know, for Hanukkah. Yep. That girl.
Happy hump day! :)
u too sweet!!
how to be as cool as us 101!
I Love My Baby Mother, I'll Neva Let Ha Go !
Trunk or Treating cars start arriving in 45 minutes for the Fall Festival. Can't wait to see how they are decorated this year!
Makeup tip of the day: As quoted from The Housebunny, "The eyes are the nipples of the face..." Play w/ them! Haha, don't be afraid of color
Hating Justin won't make anyone love you. Calling him gay wont make you any straighter. Calling him ugly wont make you any more attractive.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
They have a #Senator and a Repesentaive just like me in Eagan. They should vie for tax revenue like everyone else. Abolish
hey {hugs}
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day!!!
we;come :) I followed you! :OVE your profile pick!
African-Americans with Smartphones are taking the country by storm and InSpotter mobile app is the epicenter
The smell of grill. Everywhere. Awesome.
I might enjoy creating mail merge docs from spreadsheets... entirely too much.
Whether you're on the East coast or the West coast, there's a Bead Fest coming your way. Philadelphia in August, Portland, OR in September!
aw im your only follower.... :c
Ima ride for em till the day they put flowers on em
YOOO thanks homie! see you at DGAF tomorrow night? We got B.Rich and go til 3am son!!
;) RT : seen on the timeline & clicked the evilhearts.com profile......I was pleasantly surprised...lol < Thanks
"Wouldn't it suck if that first piece of bread that everyone skips was the cure for cancer?"
so u did some bitch ass shit and gave my shit to some bitch ass nigga,but i got bitchassness in my blood? u got life fucked up
Will You follow me?
she's wothless if she's gonna argue about this just ignore it and leave it alone
#Brewers... Sigh... Bad night. And that bad call on #Weeks sure took whatever wind you had out of your sails.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT TUNCHIE
*no comment* “: wait are you taking pictures of us!?”
like a boss
A very warm welcome to our new fans from #Portugal! 39 countries now having fun with #iOS game!
Who has smoked a good #cigar lately? Details and where to buy.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
unfortunately not. Was packed. After his speech and wave to the crowd he was bombarded!
Listening to the new Shins album. Good stuff after so long a wait.
Nice binary between techno-optimism and deep fear at #TED - loving the conversation.
#FF #FollowFriday We love these folks: Pls show them love!
Money iz ALWAYZ on my mind! ..Itz like a disease!
me and pasan wanna catch up with some lunch...let me know when you actually have a waking minute of free time.
Congrats! You guys deserve it!
yayyy have no idea what you said but i hope the smiley face means yes lol. You and google translate are my secret weapons lol.
I ONLY HAVE 20 FOLLOWEERS SO I GUESS WHERE ON THE SAME TRACK IF U KNOW WHAT I MEAN ???
If lying was a job, youd be a billionair -_-
Done with practice. Now going to the recital thingy.
'SOPRANOS' REFERENCE RT : Falk ends her speech as the DJ plays "Don't Stop Believin'."
dude he fucking called me 3 times in a row the other day!!!!! Whatthefuck
Nick Barnett and J-Mike tweeted about it
So proud of for passing the Ohio Bar!
red doors?
VOTE for Bonnie or Elena
EKU offices reopen Tuesday, Jan. 3rd!
Hahaha if you loo at his wiki page, it says he's a racist as a profession. So true.
Deadline to turn in final edit of Kings....June 30th. Feels like these rewrites will never end...
I would have loved "Niall an the Potatoes." <3
Dude! I'm in the same boat! So #annoying!
Can’t make tonight's #ypnworkshop on portfolios sponsored by ? Check out the hashtag #ypnworkshop for real-time updates!
looks good you guys
Love life.
Can I have a pony? RT : Anyone else need something paid for, cuz apparently I'm just fucking GIVING money away.
11 days until Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premieres at Tribeca. Mort! Mort! Mort! Mort!
im the chick that wrote that story just saying haha (:
The awkward moment when your principal has more facebook friends than you. fml
See? LEGOS! :D
That is truly awesome! (As is Aroma Cafe)
great place
can't wait til the summer... tennis shoes OK no shirts NECESSARY
Hope your day is better than mine<3 Can't wait to see you on the stage tonight... #TheBoyzAreBack Love you<3
Yes, love this guy! RT : Thank you for all the hustle tonight and all season.
I'm with Morgan and I love her so much :)
Chilling at the workplace.. playing some cod later. Hit me up on live.. daTHROWBACKking is tha tag yo
I'm excited. :) hahaha I went to tag you in this and your picture showed as a guy taking a mirror pic lifting his shirt hahah
This gorgeous Seattle weather is the perfect cure for carpal tunnel! Who wants to be inside when it's 73 and sunny? Turning my computer off.
andd afterwards . .ANOTHER #intimate night
Thanks buddy! RT :
I will be calling because the treatment I received was beyond unacceptable.
you ready niqqa!
For as long as I've followed politics, it's never the right time to stop & debate the tough issues. And look where that's gotten us!
family out here. next time say wassup.
I don't have a job, but if you really want my help we have more to discuss.
birdy bird I can't wait to see your new badass car.
jury out on Pinkston, Hagg, Cameron, Skrine, and Marecic. Only time will tell how good any of those picks were. Same for 2012.
#FF Morning Jerry! Have an wonderful Easter! God Bless
Do you sign Roy Oswalt if you are the Phils? Can't trade for anyone on May 16th, usually.
May I recommend Five Finger Death Punch ()? Several of their songs made my Top 50 Playlist.
Thank you, Chip!!
hope he feels better soon and you can get some rest!
Mantra: you are not unique, you are not interesting, you are not special. Deal.
I don't :) Maybe in the future!
yay for you being on twitter
Thanks! See you soon!
Kick your candy bars & potato chip office vending machines to the curb and make rm for FITzee! Ready to move us in? Get in touch for more...
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card.
I would love for you to do that! I have been searching for an authentic recipe for cannolli.
look at my tweets from a few days ago. I totally called it.
Complete cluster in downtown Louisville. 20 min. from Yum Center to Convention Ctr. (1 block).
Thanks man!
Which one you work at
Yes. Things may change if I have to sing somewhere, but so far, yes.
lol Any man whose masculinity is threatened by a half-ounce bottle of paint, probably isn’t man enough to wear it. Just sayin.
Thanks, Egbert. Maybe I'll come out of my self-induced shell & say something brilliant at some point. :-D Hope you're doing well.
Already thinking about #friday, being away from tub kills me
popeyes chicken need to sell kool aid
Not everything you have stays forever. But there are things you would be glad to fight for just so you can have them longer.
oh nothing. just tired as fuckk from lastnight. listening to music. hah. you should like text me or something. im never on twitter
But im content with the weather right now think I might go for a run when I get home
Back from vacation, working through the backlog! Ready to get things going!
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
My hubby works on turkey day, so we're making today turkey day! Listening to the Good Food podcast while I make the feast!
For God so LOVED the world that he gave his only begotton Son....
At what point does the media begin to punish the Romney campaign for its abject mendacity? It's playing up media stenography.
lol next sq
Long day... So excited for sleepytime!
No way! I might ask what product they used, but you just don't grab random people's hair!
rocking out to and then the odd one out
motives is a high quality makeup worn by stars Jennifer Lopez, Eva Longoria, Kim Kardashian, La La Anthony & plenty more!
Joke on this Laffy Taffy wrapper didn't make much sense until I realized it was from a "Sherbet and Prison Warden Pubes-flavor" wrapper
find out their ids.. if there is a formal pawan fans association, we can ask them to file police complaint on those people.
The Twitter handle:
#FuckinCool believe everyone over you damn girlfriend...
Watching New Years Rockin' Eve. Great performances.
woaaaaaah it would be so weird omg. back in the olden days like in the 1800s they would have lived like that right ? woah
Turned on my coffee machine and came back 10 mins later to find hot water in the pot. Guess who forgot to put the coffee in.
HEADING OUT TO KLUSOZ!!! BOUT TO ROC THE SPOT!! LET'S GO!!!
Raining on 894
Yes, just like the others. See you Thursday!
I really wish Peyton Manning would hurry up and make a decision!! Tired of hearing about it :-/
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey~ Time is a cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
I have faced what most would call, "pure evil", delt with personal fear and even death..and I'm still here..you find out what you're made of
You're one of many, many people who love Anne. She is one of our secret weapons for attracting students and keeping alums engaged
Ruby 3600 times slower than python in threads
#WordPress #template #designer? Submit your theme to Superhug. Get 75% commission! That's industry-leading.
I missed saying goodbye to you guys!
#myraptureplaylist if I had my way it'd be all of Side 2 of Abbey Road.
Im in a better place now....
Speaking at youth group tonight and looking forward to it - praying it will be a great night. :)
-___- why would he think that? & I know I am :D
Thats exactly how old i was RT : 16 years and 2 months is the average age for the loss of female virginity in the United States.
#OldIronsides is the greatest bar ever built
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
Balboa Park? Are there any festivities there for Mother's Day?
is heading to #SXSW to debut GAIN 3.0 iPhone app & help ppl sweat off all that food & drink. Want to workout with us?
“Fashion is more about feel than science” - Pharrell Williams
I didn't realize there were three Convy's.
Hey Folks
Election night coverage from on News Channel 8 is so much more watchable than the cable networks. How do it get it in HD?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
Great fun with Christy, Charlie and Neil. McDonald's, Legos and Gnomeo & Juliet.
Just danced around my room for 18 minutes straight to MacArthur Park Suite in honor of the Queen of Disco. Still making people dance in 2012
yes, I also covet her arms!
I want to cry, but i dont know why. I can find any reasons to, maybe its cause im happy or maybe i'm just blue
Friend: Why do you love Austin? *5 hours later* .. okay, okay you can stop it now.
you better tag me in all your #MegaMay posts and give credit where credit is due son!
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character
no problem :D
Congrats for #linkedin owning the UX of finding new contacts. #google please takes some notes for G+
BE FRIENDS CAUSE MY MOM DOESNT ALLOW ME TO BE FRIENDS WITH PEOPLE IIF I DONT KNOW THEIR AGE IM SO SORRY
why go outside. when you can stay indoors.
Im Going Tell You I Love You Until There's No Doubt In Your Mind And After Im Going To Tell You Until I Die
Long day!
I said fuck that new girl that you like so bad <3
Happy Birthday to Mike Chang's abs!!
hay. I didn't talk to you today. i missed you cachead.
nope I want two gold fish! Nothing else
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is so funny! Yeah, I love the stupid humor, I know.
so I was supposed to read an entire book for homework by tomorrow... its not on sparknotes or cliffnotes.
you totally are with that smile of yours !
Nothing ventured nothing gained
here is something offensive "Baserunners just clog up the bases."-Dusty Baker
We're talking NBA Playoffs & all sorts of headlines in sports/society on the show. will talk hoops with us at 11.
“: Been trying to say goodbye to 2011 for awhile now, but it just won't leave.” I know the feeling, please dont leave the light on
Dennis Schamp: If you feel that passion, there are seats on the board coming up.
Friday after Next lol
it start at 6
#RIP JR. SEAU you were one of the best
Splash at tonight! There are a few seats left... food, wine, painting. It will be a blast.
layer of bread, layer of chicken, layer of pickles, layer of chicken, layer of lettuce, layer of chicken, layer of bread. I <3 sandwiches!
Thanks for the RT! Good to see your reports from other parts of
Getting ready to run the earlyfridaymorningITmeeting.
that's how it is w us too. Not happy about it. Makes us seem like a nuisance to students.
Writing Retreat #2 scheduled! A short 2 day trip to Yorba Linda! Our goal: FINISH the first book that we started in Palm Springs!!
Happy Birthday!!:)
Yes!!!!! RT : Canada beats USA, 3-2 in OT, to win Olympic gold in hockey. #nomiracle /via
Audition Monologue Research.
Heading to NY with a group of friends to see the last broadway perf. of the play Mountaintop. The run has been an amazing success.
MT : The UW men's basketball team occassionally has an open tryout, but only when all rosters are not filled.
Man, I think I underestimated how many tater tots I'd need to get through this storm.
OH! haha and the poor kid just kept gong and going and going. i feel bad lol but it's okay cause he so knows he owes me lol
Cause honey with you is the only honest way to go
say that when you not In a wheelchair lmao jk
RT : When you help others get to your level, God will take you to higher levels. Being selfish won't get you far.
<3333 aww, i feel u boo. U'll be okay tho Maddy. U'll see them soon. I kno u got close peeps in the A, right?
Huge into baseball as a kid. Starting learning more about game's history. Big into Ruth/Gherig/Mantle, hence, became a NY fan
it took me FOREVER to understand what you said because i kept reading "you so doe river gorge" i was like wth?!?! hahaha
haha I cant stand listening to Hubie just b/c of those go to phrases. I feel like I'm listening to a voice recording of him
D'oh! Memphis low is warmer than Chicago's high temp of 47 degrees. Thinking twice about leaving
aha i'm hungry , and tell my baby i said HEYY !
What a beautiful day over on 23rd! The sun is out and people are bustling! Come grab a $5 Taqueria Taco lunch and celebrate Spring!...
you now need an ikeep for your new iPhone..You will never broke it again
kick'n sour apples... yeah that's how it's done...
Great new technology that pushes anti-aging to a whole new level.
My room is an arctic tundra. I think it might even be snowing.
Hey all - kula is the world's first social marketplace. Built and headquartered in #Chicago and proud of it!
I lived in Anchorage, Alaska when you were there. I remember you from then!
Love new #PigglyWiggly commercial! Reminder to all that this is a SC company & deserves our support. Local since FOREVER. Great tagline!
Chilln watching sexy self on sportsnation
Oh did I hear #Bacon Wednesday?
Thanks, Todd. Appreciate it.
Nice work Ducks!!! Roses have never smelt so sweet!
I'm here!! Fashion Forecast and
I am now 5f 3in and weigh in at 136Lb.
U didn't invite me :-( RT : Having lunch w/ sure wish was here...but we gonna hook up Sunday!
Fun day of hula hooping, goat-and-chicken watching, quasi-hitch-hiking
I heard dat. Follow back sexxii
Happy to have and checked in at the #RookieDebut -- it's going to be a great event tonight!
Wow that would be so cool to be working with David Leffel, I hope you are having a great time! I would be!!
Same rules apply in #MiLB as #MLB re: rain and offical games or is it different?
Channing Tatum. Yes, I would like to be him. Or date him. Or anything else him.
rt Im jamming "Juicy" and it makes me just kill some HTML email coding. Yummy.
Is it weird that I watch #storagewars ?? Hm???
bout time
...Oh and advanced Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday. They don't waste any time.
I haven't seen him yet but likely will tonight
Happy New Year! I hope it's a great one...
Far from perfect and not throwing stones... you changed to UM, not MSU; was trying to help.
Good after noon!!
There's so much god damn drama in this family.
The #weekend is feeling more and more like a reboot... Which we all need
Great story on buy USA. CD benefit for has ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow VinceGill etc is made in USA
Now I'm writing a poem called "if there was peace in our world"
Happy Birthday Austin <3
Had an asthma attack this morning at school so home for the day :/
Not everything that is faced can be changed
I was making joke abt being able to physically bend! But seriously I hope obesity rates will decline b/c of public awareness.
: God I fucking love that album. Corey has got some voice. :-)
Lions and Bills both win. BREAKING: Satan seen wearing down parka.
You know you're befriends when you stay up all night waiting to unlock the door for your friend to get back from her boyfriend's c;
Bought not one but TWO living social deals today. So much for staying under budget this month...
Let's go Bruins!
Happy birthday man. Drink up
It's never to early to help your kids get organized. These pads from See Jane Work are a great way to get them started!...
Sold May 25 covered calls on $DNDN for $4 15 minutes before crash. Still have some common. I'll be selling more calls in the AM (I Hope!)
Do you want SVG to stay? Hedo: "Of course. [...] I would love to play for him until I retire. "
#BadComebacks Q: What are you doing? A: Your face. #GoodComebacks Q:What are you doing? A: Your mom.
. If #OccupyOakland costs the city $5 million, why not do something radical & work with them. How much would that cost you?
Bet! RT : lol I bet, ima come by when I get in town I aint seen you in forever and I been by the crib many of times
Go Hogs Go / SEC-West has top 3 Teams in the Nation - #1LSU / #2Alabama / #3Arkansas... The toughest divison N the best College FB Conf.!!
Had a great time chatting it up with !
awesome thank you! Do you use it in place of your laptop?
yeah I drank some Gatorade yesterday, I think ill try to es some crackers or s/t in a little bit
#kodm MSMQ: One the most important roles of models in DH is to *build* systems and tools.
Having a great time at the RON WILLIAMS SHOW! Having a great time performing and Ron is doing an awesome job! HOW IS THE FINAL4! Need2NO
is concerned about being so easily distracted and doesn't think twitter necessarily helps!
Yea, Amber definitely had the biggest fanbase. Cheers for her were almost as loud as for the other groups
“: #YouShouldNeverTrust a man wearing Capri pants.” couldn't agree more. Nadal is example #1 for me
Hoping for good news from the specialist next week, we're all pulling for you here in Miltown.
#Wed. Birthday Bash for at #HighSociety inside #HollywoodAlliance txt3235235851
my life be like a movie with every genre
In living color is funny tonight
even tho my dream of graduating college with a medical degree is different then your dream.You still inspire me to help the world
I hate it when I want to write but my brain is so full of thoughts and worries from all the shit I have to do at work!
The Avengers with everyone 😄
hi lisa! im watching your live chat now!!!
Ok(: Do Yuh Have A Facebook.?(:
Girls who cant do pushups <
it is you'll learn when you have to pay bills
#ForcesOfNature Gears has to be the best gaming community ive ever seen
Don't forget - the Media Industries SIG will meet from 3-4:45 in the Cambridge room #scms12 (via )
Sellers has good hustle.
♥Eventually you stop caring & it stops being the most important thing in your life♥
Good times! RT : Hanging with my girls and at Yes!!!
we're at Give to the Max. Great presenters
I already miss monkey.
DC: Anti-Gay Bishop Eddie Long accused of sleeping with you men who attend his church!? The twilight zone....continues..
get paid my nigga , get. paid.
u need to redo funky cold medina...
Filling water eggs for the hunt and making goodie bags... Yay!
Sale is Ending Today! Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
Thanks for the follow! MKE design FTW!
misery loves company!
No where near enough hours in the day to #read!
word up he gonna look like brittany spears gone wild
Ninety percent of all millionaires become so through owning real estate. Andrew Carnegie
Ladies, Have A Question You Want Me To Answer Personally? Send Me Your Question & Email & I'll Answer You With In A Video Email :)
Lmao only u sweetie RT : nope I refuse to believe he's a small man with a small penis.. he's famous! Lol
This aint "oh daddy is really in the FBI but he's really locked up." This is test prep. There is no pride. Not when youre in middle school.
How'd your Dad's doc appointment go?
RT #nwbearcats go into the victory formation. 35-29 Northwest completes the comeback and moves on to face Midwestern State
i wrote my part for last on the collab beat already
Papa's feelin pretty delicious tonight, gonna step up to the plate, 3-4, 8 RBI's #GOTHEEM!
Joe.... suck it. How is that for aggressive?
Johnny Pesky is an icon... glad they are finally retiring his number
Are you taking the #PolarPlunge for #SpecialOlympics in Muskego? Be sure to text PLUNGE to 35350 for last minute event info & updates!
Feel better :(
look at your lips
Hi everyone! Our assistant Brianna needs a model for a haircut tomorrow morning from 10-12. If you are available please msg us!
yes, you? Let's do this
That awkward moment when the fat kid says "that's how I roll".
Tsh is one of a kind!
About to take a small nap at this time 11:27 and wake up a little later 😊
Yep, it's official: God hates #Arizona. Go #Giants!!
Remembering why I loved #Merlot! Best glass in a while :-) The '07 is yummy!
Where The Wild Things Are 2: Still Wilding Out
This girl calls me at 330 tryna have a full blown convo. Fuck outta here I'm sleep don't bother me
I'm the biggest Pack fan ever but with that play they are officially SOFT (on defense).
The courtroom face-off that will determine George #Huguely's future. Details from Charlottesville at 11pm.
So thrilled to be working with again on a really cool creative project.
yeah we are chillen bud
We're watching a recorded seminar on newsriting in #jour111. I have to say I don't have much faith in a lecture telling people to be concise
Pit stop in montissano. Candy, water and gas. Next stop Seattle! May need to go on a long walk along the water...
It's 3:30 in the morning...still going strong. Where you at?
Thank you God for letting me wake up this morning!!!
A plumber (in this case me) found where a collection of small childrens' toys has been mysteriously disappearing to. *joy*
's avi has become a distraction...
So I'm busto. Maybe next year. GL to all still in.
We like to play make believe in cardboard boxes!
She said in her best Irish motherly brouge ;)
Ty just smirked to Julie "Guess it wasn't too easy for 'em huh?"
lol real talk bruh we are
It's always nice to meet someone who reaffirms the pursuit of your own passion. Inspiring talk today with about good
im here for u dw <3
This Bitch I swear, make me walk from work. Fuck you too
I #Desire2Inspire. I've made 'fun' songs but ultimately, I rhyme w/ a purpose. RT : what type of music do u do?
thanks :D
I already know what u r gonna say but I dont buy that at all. And there is nothing wrong w/ being a fan even if it is Boston
I Should've Kissed You but then you said you were gay...
Getting fitted for a tux is taking FOREVER!
when I read cody and bailey's reunion in"longing"it gave me hope that they really are gona be together Idk how but I believe
I did
I was ashy!!
Does even know THT its his lil sis birthday today?!?! He's spending it wid his gf instead...jb ur such a good bro
...but I've barely been on twitter at all.
Hopefully, somewhere in Paris, is celebrating her well-deserved nomination for Best Food Humor Blog.
Testing Testing - trying to sync Twitter to Facebook.
Gahhh I just don't know what to do :(
It is Thursday! Outside movies at Salute's Patio. Watch from our side walk Cafe! It feels like you are in Rome! Italian movies...
I really want to support any initiative to bring more women into tech. But a word of the day email in which all ex. are shopping related +
Dont get lost :)
That must have been a grueling half mile hike! I'd check the calorie count settings ;)
maybe. He's doing wonders in Arizona. His kid goes to high school here and is a spitting image of him
EDS to develop logo and website for Gosh-Its-Posh.Com
hope so; if not, we can nudge it back earlier, m/b 7:30 MT; but let's try 8 to start ..
Congrat's to Tanya Lombard just rec'd 2012 Women of Distinction award from the LINKS. Way to go, much deserved!
Just got a new H-D motorcycle helmet and about to go riding with hubby. Live free, ride hard.
Let me tell u bout this country shit
on balcony
Jus took the best bath
I thought this was a real game? What a joke! No wonder why hockey is gaining on NFL
Thank you for the
what do you think makes a girl beautiful? hehe ☺
If you make me press 1 for English, don't you fucking dare transfer me to someone who can't speak it.
okay drop it to the floor, make that ass shake. make the ground move, that's an ass-quake. build a house up on that ass, that's an ass-state
Wonder what my girls doing? Because i need to get out this sad funk.
Thanks for ur caring about Africa and for visiting my country Cameroon.great example for me
All nighters blow
Neil Young's "Old Man" always reminds me of my dad & his relationship with my grandfather...
what am i to you?
WHAT? Austin Mahone is gorgeous. Cody Simpson is very gorgeous :)
Yeah, buddy!
If only we could hurl those politicians into low Earth orbit!
Thanks for RTing my cottage search :)
Belatedly: very awesome! Congratulations!
At MARTA station. Heading to Dallas to corporate office for some training on new software.
...I would strangle u with my Dick perfect death for a #bitch like you
I stood up and they ran for their lives. My size is a huge deterant to stupid people.
I had a Karate Pinata dream last night. When it was my turn you raised the pinatas to the roof! I demand a re-try.
When you think someone doesn't have a Facebook, but then you find out they do....
no joke, there is a giant white rabbit that lives on the train tracks outside my studio door, he only comes out at night
Great food at Elesko with awesome company near Bratislava. Great to see again old friends.
i rEMEMBER tHA tIME i hAD mADE fUN oF hIM iN fRONT oF dA tEACHERS Ms.kIMBROUGH wAS lAUGHIN hARD tHAN a bITCH XD
This is so true. I have the same problem. Let me know if you find anything good.
Loll #preach!
Got to love how sketch my phone is! Apps have their own mind, if/when they work. Doesn't get all texts, won't delete pics. . . . FML!
why are you choosing sides ? huh .
RT : #Appreciation What can you focus on appreciating today to provide you with balance when you struggle?...
Now if I get at a 70 in computer apps, I will be passing every class and I'll be even happier!
#dc407 tomorrow at #familab. We don't bite, unless you are into that sort of thing.
tks for the republication of the blog!
Night of the Cookers with
Curried Turkey as our exotic burger, is better than anything you have ever had in your entire life. Come try it out today!
commit is good
Do you have fav case studies of museums using kickstarter? Would love a few referrals/resources if you have any!
Blah. This is ridiculous. I am boycotting you!
We wanna see the inside!
I am in love... = pure talent. Never stop creating, Marina!
Very cool RT : live...interactive guys we are over here...
I think I may have found a way to work at my day job only 4 days a week, which would give me a whole extra day to do Etsy stuff!!!
Yes. They will get an appointment time to pick their room.
smoke till ya boke :)
Don't fight it anymore....the urge for a delectable chocolate cupcake. You deserve one. So visit us and satisfy your sweet tooth.
High-Priced #Wines Hottest in December. Domestic varietals at $20-plus increased 26%; all domestics grew 8%. Via Wines & Vines
i can help (:
Is that a gun in your feathers or are you just flocking to see me?
I don't care what anyone says... is legitimately very talented.
In the cinema, summer starts in May - Access Atlanta
#LetsBeBlunt homeless people scare me
true crime bout the rampart scandal and how off duty police were involved in the killing of tupac and big x
Liberty Towers
love u boo <3 you've been so busy hope u get to rest up :)
So close, Rangers!
The Plant Sale was last weekend.
My co-worker is singing Nickleback
FDA- & ADA-approved Safe and effective at home whitening systems
Thank you for the MT! :)
Always in awe of Firefighters.
If you held all of your marketing materials up together, would the colors match? If not, call A&G!
I went to lakeville south!
That's hilarious! We had the song stuck in our heads today so we had to watch it. Glad I didn't trade in the film now!
so the other day I tweeted that I wanted to be on the radio. Bong I got a radio spot in May. What else should I ask for?. Sexy women now..
where too though? O.o
Morgan Freeman continues to inspire me...
If its true that 1D is going to be hosting punk'd on May 17 then that is going to be one AMAZING episode of punk'd!
I want to defriend all of the #kardashians just bc I am sick of the self promoting of their #khardashiankollection or whatever it's called
Gathering inspiration for my interviews this week with a glass of Gnarly Head Zin & the Bible that is Resto Hardware
so excited for you to visit!!!
*Looking at with a heated stare* No, Anastasia, I wouldn't. *Shifting closer to her*
#HappyFriday from #USC Talent Management! What are your plans for this Presidents Day weekend? Are you still looking for job openings?
Loving the new
Have you voted yet today? If you're registered, find your polling place and make your voice heard!
Fine outing by buchholz & still 1inning that could keep his ERA in Lackey range. Promising first six by Buchhy tho
I almost took a pic but we stopped doing that type of shit on Ghetto Tv 4 lol
The sad reality is that Andrew Luck could come to the Colts and not do well. I do hope for the best though.
O a o Let's go Red.
I've already seen too many keytars today.
what you been on bro
The Minimal Beat with DJ Billy Ocean is up next, it's so god.
fries in France
Baby this ones for you
Are you moving ahead, am I falling behind?
Weekend and not a clue what to do. OH MY
I met this guy and I got his number! ((: He was really cute but he wasn't as SEXY as Mikey ((; No one can compare to Mikey
I would do it
That's true, I'm happy for Julian.(:
Officially has a job post graduation. #winning :-D
Better safe than sorry!
Any good President would be focus on bringing those jobs back to our country. What happen to the fake dreams you sold us.
Is it sad to say that my diversion hearing and recieving my community service shit was the highlight of my day?
Take a look at our #awesome model shoot for the #Zombie #tshirt at www.facebook.com/tuesdaytees --- "Like" us and you could win a free tee
"Dude I'm holding a spoon...where's my Ice Cream...no seriously. Where'd I put it". #jescampbellproblems. #sh*tjesdoes
Study study study
yes sir!!!
yeah she gave that blowjob...and she getting laid off lol
Public. Relations.
Haha! RT : That awkward moment when tries to muscle in on your hot date.
's mom was singing to my cat & then complimented her paws
Temple run is a stupid hoe! Haha I agree love you, your hilarious
so I needed to RT that n ur locked :/
Congrats on getting key to the city! #pikeville #HillBillyDays2012 #miners #America's #Real #Source of
The connection to SDP continues RT BREAKING: Novelist named by Mayor Nutter to SRC
Joe Paterno and Graham Spanier will resign within a week or two--a disgrace to higher education and humanity.
I am craving some DQ right now..some one come with me?(:
Walked 7 miles and now headed to Outback for dinner - it's been a long day!
Sat across the aisle from Harvey Fierstein and Alan Menken at the opening performance of Newsies on Broadway tonight. That was awesome!
i agree id like to see Hope in the Blue
Claire troll is a weirdo!
waiting for my mom to come home, then jelenas coming over
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't getting my best.
Happy Birthday ! I hope its amazing! I miss your pretty face :)
“: I think if enough people don't like you, you start finding things to not like about youself.” I've gone through this.
The sound of birds chirping, is a sound of beauty :D
Could you please give me a shout out? I'm trying to reach 1,000 by Sunday! It would mean the world to me. <3 Thank you !
We are featured in the latest edition of 225 Magazine!! Check it out Baton Rouge!
RT : Have questions about financial aid or FAFSA?
It's a miracle! My eyes are good again! Who.
Amen! See you next Sunday. So excited about the future!
I really hope I get into the UCLA Health System volunteering program
dope... I need the first copy
Details soon rob RT : Would love to view it. Where in LA can I catch it?
Shaving buddies for life ;D
I'M CRYING @ THAT REFERRAL. Like NIGGAS IS GETTING IN TROUBLE OF SB :(
Yay, new icon♥♥
OTOH, it was the easiest way for me to identify which guys to avoid freshman year; they would ALWAYS quote that line.
How did it get to be so late? Minecraft and CSS al morning,with thats how x)
Does emailing her, texting her, tweeting her, facebook post her, skype her, or digg her count?
Aha i bet and i would of been shaking to. I would of probably been freaking out but not trying to show it lol
Do you like Ed Sheeran as much as Dustin?! :)
Enjoy ladies! Can't wait to celebrate with U! RT : So excited to celebrate 's birthday tonight !
Ah, it's Friday and who's in the mood for some de-lish Magnolia Bay Toffee? Stop by and see us on ...we open at 11!
Xmas Tweets: Dad still mad that the guest room TV that wasn't working for 3 months, was fixed when my wife (unaware) simply pressed on.
1 day away from Margarita Fridays!!!!
"does a straightener straighten your hair?"
and the your "smang it" ring tone interrupted
Thanks so much, Stephen, for retweeting our new book trailer for "The Auschwitz Volunteer"! Have a great weekend!
"Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." -Joshua J. Marine
Delicious!! First time to ever cook with Panko bread crumbs- I think I'm in love! Haha :P Thx so much for the recipe!
Ah, I'll meet up with you at some point tomorrow.
setting up the DNS entries, but I think I have it now. If it doesn't work, I'll have a more coherent question. Thanks!
"Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they're born. They'll be mother and lovers who inspire and make songs."
Loves for saving my Anatomy grade! 😁👏
Come see Shawn Tolleson talk at AFTRA L.A tonight! How to Launch your Best Year Yet!
Going to Rainbow ball day today after we take baby to school! Jackpot winners today! We R.
I'm down (or up, as the case may be). ;) Friday?
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
hope u do well <3
“: this is seriously the best night of my life #scooter #austin #steaknshake”
Bisping gets props f4 being a fighter. He's 99% tougher than masses...UFC wise= UK mrkting tool > than talent son!
Goodnight twitter had a great day :-)
How many librarians do you know?
Think micro or macro...Change your mind and you change your life. Us mortals complicate everything.
great seeing you Michael! Stop by the office again some time.
So very excited to have an opportunity to see in a few weeks! Their new building looks absolutely gorgeous.
RT Nov 27, '78 played host to Steelers. Earlier that day SF Mayor Moscone / Supervisor Milk were murdered at City Hall.
2 excellent workshops just finished. Ken Alford where everyting is a teaching moment and Ike Shibley engaging everyone in various activiries
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
If I was a llama i would spit on you!
“: Oh Yall tryen to set me up? got all yall friends calling in LMAO, you did a great job.” Thanks sis
It's all Beastie Boys all night at Nomad.
Yep & can't get over how fabulous those spicy feather earrings are! Ordering more soon!
hey. its been a while
Follow Back :)
lol what kinda car? He needs to get married
Happy Birthday to my wife. I'm a very lucky man!
Same here. I wish our Spring break lasted longer -.-
Drawing aliens on each others hands.
“: “If a nice guy finishes last, it's because his lady comes first."”
WasteCap Resource Solutions’ #construction and #demolition projects are currently achieving an average 88% #recycling rate!
It's a shame, but three horses sounds like a lot.
I know right! That's what would kill me. I'd be fine until maybe 1 or 2 o'clock, then I'd be a fire-breathing dragon. q:
rethink the "know the ingredients" what is Red blue #576 anyhow lol!
I realise that #AmITheOnlyPersonThat is trending too I only realised becausee I sensed it was made by u (tweets sent to fone)x
SPICE 1/B.U.D. show this Sunday @ The Shipwreck in W Seattle.. $5.
top of evening! .. top of the morning .. & everyone in between
im done:)
Whats with the stereotype that dikes own subaru's?
for sure
new rule=don't eff with good enough.
Such a scene
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close 2Janet, &The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets
About to head out to play for the African Festival in Bmore. Opening for Najee with Rollexband. Should be a fun hit!!
Time to answer.
Happy Tuesday
STFU dick face. You are IRRELEVANT. I-R-R-E-L-E-V-E-N-T. (: No one likes you. So please, go bitch about it to your llama.
Awesome... can't wait to see it :)
Nestle Crunch RT : 50 Cent RT : Tide with Bleach RT : What are some good apps for the iPhone?
Columbia College wishes students a relaxing spring break!
Have 3 pgs of notes from the race & burlesque session, but here's my takeaway: "White women did not invent sexual agency."
Uhmmm where did this random thunder storm come from ?
Missing the Criminal Minds season finale. So excited to watch it later.
I did a quick google search and I'm not sure what that is
Bad girl ! :o but okay do it :)
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 77
Shaggy, it was so obviously you.
Yall,Not Following Me
What's going on in Wis.are they going to boot that Gov. out ,or what?
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hi Mitt!" Thank you and I'm here all week.
Having a senior citizen guitar tracking session with
I need a movie too watch
Can I please have uncle si for an uncle?!
I see you know That's great, you are both ridiculously wonderful people. I look forward to ur tweets. Viva Travel!
I started adding turkey sausage to my homemade breakfast sandwich - I'm barely hungry by lunch
Sometimes I think you don't really care about me at all.
i have horrid 80's-era memories of Paisley. Since you weren't around then, you're not as traumatized.
seriously?!! OMG the exposure you would get from that show would be incredible!
Omg 's impression of , crying
Not wearing underwear today was an awesomely bold decision
8 minutes into and and I are already hungry.
nothing too bad honestly, its just he fact that I should have kept it professional and it went a little south, it was a
Bored? Here&#39;s an entertainment calendar for Pasco
One day she is finally going to get over you and you'll realize you love her
Summer is the time to get your fireplace cleaned. Well before you need it and the demand is lower.
By any chance: does DD make any gluten free donuts or muffins?
Having problem keeping celery fresh? Wrap it up in aluminum foil and put them in the refrigerator.
Senior year will forever be immortalized as the year I survived on Chinese food. Gotta get that daily dose of #MSG!
My parents are loud and it's disturbing :(
#Big #East gains
Oh crap! There's a Shatner on the wing!
ron christie alert!!!
thank you;) keep rockin lydia!
#Tigerswishlist Jose Conseco as team trainer
none of your bees wax.
#WhyiGive We give because the gift itself is tiny compared to the heart that gives it.
If being popular means sleeping with random guys, drinking, smoking & making fun of other people to feel powerful, I don't wanna be popular.
is it because they like competition?
Oo and locked pa ito an phone and she have to pay for it still. So I don't really suggest that she buys it here, not ideal.
Serve who?
shady people have no profile pics ...
When you were little you used to scribble really fast to make it look like you had a fancy signature.
look atchu wit yer new logo ;-)
gotta get ready for the home opener tomorrow!
HERE'S MY NUMBER CALL ME MAYBE...
So r u ready for more ideas!
CONGRATS JOSH!! RT Wow! My 1st 1,000 followers! Thanks 2 each one of u 4 ur support & curiosity. I look forward 2 the fun ahead!
Does realize that state employees are people too? Sad that our retirement contributions slashed from 11% to 5%. Nice pay cut!
omg that is awesome!!! How was it?!
Not enough money in the world...
just listened to #TurnToYou and it was so beautiful! Loved it so much. is so lucky to have u as a son
yo i got an idea for a dope track, are you down?
Gonna go back in time!
video depositions protect the written record
Hey Cam :) how are you?
we'll be there tonight!
Are you going on ?“: I'm a hot mess no shoes either I am a bad packer”
The American President RT : Follow + share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 win a room night! Today is the last day!
Told my mom today that having you own blood in your body is his too mainstream for her.. I got a quality chuckle #wonderfuldaughteraward :)
Reminded of resiliency today. A local deer has managed to survive w/only 3 legs for over 5yrs birthing several fawns along the way. Amazing!
May is Men In Black 3 month!! Welcome Black Cocoa Creme Iced Coffee, Chocolate Lunarmax Donut & Undercover Black Cocoa Donut to our galaxy!
on November 11,2011 at 11:11 i will make THE MOST epic wish ever !
If u would like to place an order for your next meeting party or just bcuz, email us! 2 dz min.
#TheChicagoCode is awesome.. I will fight to keep it alive
Dump Explorer! Switch to Mozilla Firefox and Thuderbird!
My life revolves around bagpipes. Ohh and Jesus !
So awesome.
You are most welcome.
There's only one senior standing up front. So all accolades have to be about him.
nevermind, way too lazy to write names on the envelopes :b
miss you around Bradley!:)
My name is Delaney but u can call me Laney for short
Additional half million US children harmed every year to the point of meeting the legal standard of endangerment.
Aww thanks for the love! Back attcha! xo
One of my favorite crafts was making picture frames! My parents still have mine today :)
And you didn't stop by to say hi to your old co-workers??? How quickly they forget....
Check out the album history in the making on itunes.com...
Apparently, You Can Brew Lobster Or Peanut Butter Beer In Your Kitchen via
#oomf is a 11 yr old trapped in a crippled old mans body!
Just cause your my ex doesn't stop me from thinking about you once I wake up (:
think u have a public P,O, Box. You're welcome!! =) I knew u would like it & I was like I have to show Marlene lol
that's so exciting :P haha but yet everything is changing so much D: I miss his ustreams... oh well
We have a great dane/mastiff mix = big baby :)
It's Friday! It's Payday! It's time for sushi!
But Where .? Is She Out Of Practice
I heart crawfish
My grandma is determined to hook me up with her neighbor hahaha
#imagine Louis pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
there are two types of people in the world: those that find Ed Hardy attractive and those without STD's
Creeps me out how right I was: thought of DeLillo, then thought: Scribner, and some Penguin. But I'm...atypical...i know. :)
Everyone can go !
At Central Synagogue, where Hugh Hardy is giving a tour of the building. The docents here are such lovely people.
I'm making kale chips for the first time and more than a little excited about it.
thank you for the re-tweet!
ur an old man
This Sunday at we will answer the question, "why me?" You don't want to miss it!
Last day of break.
bulls out .... Lakers gotta go
The greatest thing my wife does for me is shop. I'll shop on line but going into stores unravels me.
i dont know your number im using hannahs phon
rain, crane, stain, detain, drain, refrain, pain, gain, feign, drain!
these bees need to gtfo
Thx for the golf outing! Bring me a beer on hole 5
I have to start dating again, or go out for more social events. I simply work to much. Good think I love what I do!
Rehearsals and meetings tonight. Gotta dig deep right now!
Kendall Gill on Tom Thibs at the press conference: "He looked like a guy who won the $640 million Powerball and lost the ticket.
Thank you for the #support we really appreciate it!!
as a dad I've never understood parents who aren't in their kids lives. no greater joy is derived from ANYTHING than your kids
how are Utd looking mate? I can believe Tevez started for city.
You are absolutely correct. Packed house but great atmosphere. Mostly United fans. Will have to catch another match together.
BRUINS ROLLING RALLY TOMORROW!!! Heading to Park Street by 8 a.m.!!
Today's specials are: Lack of sleep, woke up early, and low on patience.
#spicechat I'm alittle late.. hope everyone is well.
I'm taking it year by year in all things baby-related...
Has the pageant bug! #DamnIt!
Heard at #tcbsm4hr: if your learning team's 1st reaction to an org's need is "What resources will you give us?" you have wrong learning team
I would watch that.
RT : Explain to me how in a conference full of hundreds of marketing experts there are only like 8 people tweeting?
Dinner is on its way, you'll all be eating by 8!
Best word to describe my day so far? --> Blech <--
the texans are working out qbs Trent Edwards Brodie quoile kellen Clemens and Jeff Garcia your thoughts are ?
get at me in 2k. What's your gamertag?
I'm not functioning right today ;(
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think..
Rodney Stewart has thrown two passes at CU...both for touchdowns
killed it tonight!<3 thank you so much for preforming! Love you and hope to see you again!<
if I hadn't gotten into BFA, I'd be graduating today.
Looking forward to #JuneinBuffalo next week.
OT Niners Giants Great Game.
I'm 10000% sure lol there was a half naked lady and it said adult entertainment an steakhouse lol
Tryouts for the softball team is this Sunday @ noon @ Garfield. Bring your "A" game! We want people who will commit to the whole season.
Why do I feel like you are a machine too. You are too quick on the draw. And yes I did call.
A video report from a pro-immigration bill rally in Tempe, AZ: www.iundergroundreports.com
HEY PEOPLEZ!!! - RACHEL
Just tapped 21st Amendment Monk's Blood.
I turned 24 yesterday. Discovery: Reaching your mid-twenties means much less than I thought it would at 18.
TRAFFIC: Semi Rollover - WB I90 near Lake Delton - Semi is off the road, Debris in road.
Look at my best friend Z!!!
Damp paper towels helped ignite fire at Sussex Tech - New Jersey Herald
Joan Didion's brilliance continues in Blue Nights--cannot put this book down and can hardly put aside my envy.
This outfit makes me feel like an angel. Lol. I'm bout to fly away.
someone go to Vituccis tonight and get me some free pizza. then meet me at the library tomorrow with it. deal?
Going Swimming
Can't wear sweats to church.
Wanna DM me with specifics, and we can try to work it out together?
You are a multi-talented artist yourself and I find inspiration in your work!
#TrueFact I once got caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
The truth about baby products is that they are often worse for human health than adult products!
What intervals are they running? 10 minutes?
I never been so happy to complete a semester!!!!
#Loans that change lives! Check out #Kiva.org and see you can #change someone's life!
true. And i have my perfect baby girl ...
mom said i have school tomorrow.. but i thought we didn't ?
Lakers don't make me have to come n play. Clippers really? Really?
It seems complaints don't happen so much today, people are mum & non-committal, it's safer that way I guess.
Cuban exile groups have organized protests and are threatening to boycott the Marlins. Those is exile mistreated by Castro
YOU CAN DO IT !
is working on finalists for the postcard contest! Cross your fingers, kids, and when you uncross them get your stamps ready.
Fireworks in Pacific Palisades! Happy 4th, pals!
RT RT : Family Reunion Solution #6 Put the kids in a photo booth-it will keep them BUSY for hours!
I Love Oral ! ! ! you use all your sense 5 all in one Taste,Sight,Smell,Feeling and hearing
fabulous as always!!
Richards: "The structure by which we raise our revenue is no longer adequate."
Did Yall see Serena Williams at the ESPYS got the body of a Goddess.
My tweet got plenty RT's but half of them ppl not even following me tho.
Hahahaha I know right :(
:] yaaaay!! your so amazing, I love you. But I miss you too, come back to this side of town soon!
Fun!! Missed you but looks like a great weekend.
International Beer Day and Friday..Wat else we need :P
I hate having hard wood floors everywhere cus in the morning its cold
In the car with jjust effing great<3
I LOVE when sings Let Me Love You. <3
my hair is now pink.
I'm so serious can you text me?
Thanks for stopping by the DD booth! We look forward to talking more about
Potions are your best friend in The Witcher 2, use it more often, makes even the toughest of the toughest fights easier than you think
Just got back from Universal! (:
Rangers have a serious lineup
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
You need to get a shop here in NYC
nope its kinda like being at the track
There are NO fault lines that go through Virginia or anywhere near virginia. Vibrations were felt afa Detroit. Something is not right.
I do that all the time- good thing I have the uncut dvds
I have a unicorn named Lola :3
Happy Monday Colorado. We can help you with you printer or copier. Call us if you need service. 303-778-0600.
uh oh
I would take that, though it'd mean we have ship Melo somewhere too. Or maybe deal Gay to someone for a new forward?
RT : "I failed because I did xyz." And I won't do that again. Failure in gaming is learning.
It's because some years ago, they decided (intentionally) not to participate (i.e not to provide data).
What A Nice Way to Start My Day By Having A Random Fucking Nose Bleed In The Shower
If I didn't stamp it, it ain't official.
my next question is when are you going grocery shopping??!?
thanks. I'll fire it up today!
WHY DID I BRING THIS MUCH WORK HOME TO DO? UGHGHGUGHGUH. Of course I'm checking the pointless to-dos off my list first. Nails painted.
1D on the radio. YEAH BUDDY!
Print project, feature film shoot, and film screening over the next couple of weeks. Busy is good.
must. learn. lines.
And back to reality from the best #disneycruise / #cruise I've ever been on!!
Charles Barkley thinks its only okay to enforce the rules when the game is NOT on the line. "You can't call that, man."
Today's Republican Party: "You mean women can vote? Wait a minute! Since when?"
walks in a house people eatin apples outside he says havin a munch on some apples
RT: The People's Choice Awards are not to be confused with the Chosen People Awards. Although frankly there's a LOT of overlap
Got to sit and chat with our Poster Grand Prize Winner Lukas as he signed 50 of his winning artwork. So sweet.
We watch. It's pretty good (but getting a little formulaic ...).
People who say you can get buzzed on a cig...
Congrats Sean! ": Proud to say that is now a participating bar/restaurant!”
Teacher advocacy is huge. It helped me realize that I had options other than jail/drugs & get my reading up to be able to attend University.
Breakfast @ Clinton Station Diner with mom...
I love Final Cut Pro... not sure if Final Cut Pro loves me, but whatever
Wondering why Starbucks is selling their Seattle's Best Coffee brand so cheap (often as low as $5.99/pkg). Hope they don't devalue the label
Happy Mother's Day to women everywhere who have shared their love with the fruit of their wombs or hearts. Being as mom is my blessing.
TCU sells out their football season tickets for the first time in school history.
Charles Barkley has made a playoff prediction: He believes the Denver Nuggets will upset the Lakers in the 1st round.
np - your profile pic is so pretty! hope all is well!
#ArleneinWexford gives a weather update NEXT on FROGGY just for yinz guys.
Going home to think...
Furman University in South Carolina!
Follow back?
Early birds have to try our smoke house sandwich made with jalapeno-cheddar sausage!
Too much fun! RT no prob! Had tons of fun! Cc
Follow Back Please
Mom: what you wanna eat? .... Me: whatever you wanna give me.... Mom: well i wanna give you una chinga... me: lmfao*
Aww, thank you! :)
Merry Christmas!!!! C: <3
I'm going to start making everyone feel like shit.
- good luck tomorrow!!
Passport photo lady asked "Can you, um, push down your hair a LOT?"
Simple Quote: Well designed #infographics are great for marketing purposes because if people understand your product they will buy it.
Florida misses you!
Good Morning Everyone
I was confused thought this was last night.
Retweet if u hate cheaters!
Going to the gym for a late night workout session!
cool will do
I don't think the feline is the "cat" she is trying to give away...
#Team2TONE countdown for the single release! Day 7!
lol just lies all lies n to phone off
Making brownies with my mommy ☺
well, we'll make sure to give you a special birthday cake too!
'Do you know your worth?' , 's ambassador asks Harvey Milk high school students today @ graduation.
Cool! Looks like fun!
Excited to see in Asbury Park..The Stone Poney!!!!!!
I just saw this old lady with Beats on. Kinda wish that was my gma.
Worst. Headache. Ever. :(
saw one of those in FL too. Amazing.
Follow me and I'll follow you
(And I say that as someone who doesn't have an iPad and has to pay his roommate to look at my work on the magazine. -M)
can we get much higher ?
Is it really nessasary for you to cuss everytime you tweet? Wow you're cool.
My luck is so bad that if I bought a cemetery, people would stop dying.
I'm home sleep time more laser therapy tomorrow
Sunny and 65 degrees. Things could be much worse here in Naples, FL
I wore a skirt with no tights today, so I basically have blinded everyone with my paleness. Have fun in the sun :).
I'm ok
Yes, we would be. Should also talk to
ahaha , I Only Go On When Fb Is Boring Aha : p
so much thoughts scattering in my brain
just spent the last 20 minutes practicing my NPR voice for the 1-minute promo vid I'll be recording tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL HAPPY SWEET BELLA!
The iPhone remote is wicked
you bet! Looking forward to seeing you at the Lyric some day, soon :)
Should I feel guilty for these thoughts? Even if their years in advance?
really? Oh snap. That's explains so much. Eat extra pink slime for me.
To all my marjiuana-smoking friends: happy holidays, bro!
thanks, I'm sure it will and I'm overreacting, but she's my kid
I could never remember the how the city election stuff worked and the way you broke it down on VOSD radio...excellent.
where where? I wanna see a stegosaurus tooth!
It's finally here. #edcampcolumbus begins in 3 hours. Looking forward to meaning some amazing educators today.
After seeing the Grizzlies push the San Antonio Spurs to the brink of elimination, do you think the Grizzlies are better without Rudy Gay?
So true! RT : It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis
why weren't you at school missy? 😒
When ur significant other is truly ur "best friend",that makes the most solid & strongest relationships.That girl that can hang w/ the guys.
Steak Tonight!
waking up and watching Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure. again
they say drugs make u stupid, i been smoking weed since i was 10 and i got 2 diplomas high school and college and graduated to kush
Google translate sez: "When they have all transferred, which is who will buy the stuff that the Chinese are a 'our place?"
lol aw what all u got 2 do and u kno it don't start until 8
your buddy Governor Quinn is doing a good job in Illinois!!
Really hurtin today. Ugh it just keeps getting worse. :/
Hahahaha , I miss your crazy ass! <\3
Had a snowball today (:
Miss my girls! : You rock, thank you! We're connected! Let me know when we can do din. <3”
That's pitiful.
Which BDubs are you guys at today!
So let me get this straight..Barett is out..Dowling is on IR..And Bodden just got released..Secondary issues...
Excessive heat warnings the past two days mean all workouts take place inside. Today was a 3 mile jog. Felt good!
oversaturated by the social media spammers. u r fast forwarding the opportunity u preach.
Brett Favre is retiring? Who would have expected a year to pass without that fraud announcing he was retiring -- once again.
contest announcment within the week ! <3
Last week, an malfunction in the part of the DAS that routes around network errors *caused* an error it couldn't route around.
They didn't like you either!!!
#NP ASAP Rocky
I remember it like it was yesterday! Happy Birthday to your mini-me princess 🎂
OH ITS ON BBY
OK Republicans: if you don't want to raise taxes, what are you going to cut to deal with Virginia's $2.9 billion budget shortfall?
Heading over to SXDE at Dan Electros's Guitar Bar for our first show of the day at 6pm!
Realist shit ever!!!!! “: #YouWantAHappyMothersDay but you rather spend time wit a nigga than your child...”
good thing the HD isn't really that important. it's like the appendix of MacBooks right?
If you are in the wrong hole - Stop digging!!!!
But she got bullied lmfao . And she wanna go on stage saying stop the bullying but yet she a twitter thug .
A clean room always makes me happy... Must be my ocd ;)
me? Yeah I know.. I wish too
The average American uses between 80-100 gallons of water a day, so it's no wonder that some of it goes "astray" and leads to water damage.
that's just one night. Im making the weekend my party so looking for more then back to bay for the twelves Friday after.
Dude got put to sleep
ok calm down
i envy photogenic people
Thanks for the follow!
Saturday is back around and the only club that is guaranteed to have 2000+ people is . LIVE broadcast with DJ Chris Styles
okay had to change that first image. It was blurry and off tone and bothering me!
Came into the web like a horny spider... Lol wtf
Last celebrities I saw in 2010? Try Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne. And my last 11:11 wish of 2010 is......
hey Jake. Wash dies.
less you eat healthier you are...happier you are when you learn how incredible Stella and Adam have sex in PYTHON
I've heard some people say it like sharon and other random things haha
I will only tweet on certain occasions..like tonight
Draft day !
Saturated with rain. I wouldn't be surprised if the trees just keel over in light wind gusts.
Dear , thank you for my increased coverage
In Denver Sunday through Thursday. Working with Monarch High School. Looking forward to making a positive impact on some talented athletes!
Love the front kick!! Looks like that would smart.
yessir. It's the app with a gray popsicle image
Happy Birthday !
did you get yourself a date!? I can put the rubber sheets out for you
ARRRRGGGGG. Shutter died on my go-to Canon. Sending to tomorrow.
Why did you cover up ur 'born lucky' tattoo? x
Wearing those in 8th grd automatically gave me street cred. Wouldn't have dared walk the Franklin halls w/o them.
Ready for some bro-tastic times? Hangin at Hamptons coming up next.
FOX News offering what Romney strategy should be. As if that makes any difference to anyone but his staff. Ahh experts, experts, experts!
I'm late to the party, but thanks for the #FF!
Yup, that.
Agreed. RT : I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. - Lucille Ball
Reminders are greatly appreciated, so thank you! :-)
This video is looking sick and im only 1/3 of the way done with the rough edit ... prob going to be super cool and work on a Fri night in LA
Thanks for sharing Hadn't seen this yet!
lifetime subscription to lexisNexis ?
Females never sees to amaze me how money hungry they are!!
heh. no worries.
Pool closed for the season at Luxor hotel Las Vegas
ohoh guess what i did. watched all the x factor vids and cried my eyes out. im proud to say ive been a fan since 9/30/10
Ugh. RT Stupid, corrupt Congress declares pizza a vegetable. I mean, really folks: bit.ly/rNNTnY
Love that Granny G is trending. is so fun to watch. It's going to be a great season.
