Just living the dream, trying to live up to the standards of Andrew R. Goetz. Haha you?
follow first :) i will be at 568. wbu??
>>In it 2 win it. Let's do this Mon! Life is Beautiful!
#yobitv Quote two of the night... "I've dribbled some water on the desk"
you girls rock!!!
RT : Very often we must let go & let God > Remember>> One moment of God's grace can do more than a lifetime of human effort
I need a female to collab with
And I was only in the surgical room for 30 mins.
Bagel done. Moving on to the souffle. Hard to go wrong with puff pastry, egg, and cheese. M.
I can't think of a better VP!
Mount students and alumni---who's going to the #Reds game tonight? Our young alumni coordinator, Alissa, will be tweeting from the game.
#GiveObamaCreditFor... that wht a sad pathetic state of affairs 4 R country.
True. I did like the line about HR being a joke and Toby having no power. One line does not redeem 22 awful minutes, though.
I HATE it when girls take pictures of their eyes.
I tried unfortunately the scarf exposed me still. "/ lololol
Feeling pumped to go do laundry and shopping b/c I just had an encouraging phone call. I am so easy to please - most of the time.
are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Whered u get your Icon??
Yep, thanks. Saw it right after I tweeted at you.
Hope you have your umbrellas today! Rain is forecasted to continue until Saturday.
Well said. Simplicity is always more engaging. (And easier to remember.)
spent $102 on books at borders. i'm gonna miss that place :/
About to go to work , with no sleep #LikeABoss 😝
Best purchase of 2011? My membership. Down 15 lbs and feeling great!
Do it, woman. :( its better. <3
Hi Laura!
so glad I am caught up in math!!!!!! <33
Do you have promo shots coming up? If so, you'll definitely want to look your best. Wear a guitar strap that totally defines YOU!
User:WertsHopp928 - Wiki
Who wants to join me for some delicious Mexican food later?
Right now it's like..... Audi > Beamer
Everyday I'm refreshing :)
#MEDIA: Why should voters trust our vaunted news sources when their duplicity is as obvious as the not-so-subtle-messages on our TV screens?
Not in Madison. Still eating fish.
So pumped!
speaking of employment... Did you read the latest on ?
Merry Christmas world
Let's frame that #28 now!
dissaspointed in asian rappers. where are the la riot songs from our point of view?
We have a "Short Tip" that "ANIMAL KINGDOM" at Big Odds will run his heart out on Kentucky Derby Day! Consider this our Official Longshot!!
Congratulations on the #SISwim cover. Hope you have a great time in #Vegas this week.
Love UbD--we're looking at the new #CCSS UbD framework materials as we transition.
srsly? I had the window open and ready to go. That was insanely fast.
Lol you get upset when people call you a whore but yet you go around hooking up with half the guys in our school..
Checking into new cell phones. Droid? Not sure I need more reasons to have the phone stick to my hand.
lol!- we had a black lab who liked to eat them... Rainbow poop piles in the yard! :p
I'm not in Williamsburg
VAN a much better match for #Blackhawks. NASH or VAN? Go VAN!
“I am not a teacher, but an awakener.” Robert Frost
Yes! Wish we could rewind and replay. An outstanding workshop!
phew! Madbum got us back on track!
Thank god I didn't go to that show
Reminder: the new semester loan due date is 2/15/12. Renew any older semester loan items before 9/30/11, via "My Library Account" in CLIO
no we've been driving since 1230
currently partnering with Performancpoint LLC on several federal engagement and training opportunities
haha(: and ikr Austin cleans me all the time xP lolol. and he cleans up all my messes I make :p haha.(:
We have HOP egg holders at our Easter photo experience - come and get yours to celebrate release of HOP.
This series is going to be brutal!
Pier 60 tonight come out it is a beautiful day!
I'm sad for you!!!
RT The righteous man walks in his integrity; His children are blessed after him. -Proverbs 20:7
I hope my bestfriend has fun at her prom tonight .
shucks! 😊 thanks man!!
i never use my twitter...gotta tweet more!
I agree. Big fan.
Driving through Kansas.......
Making moose cupcakes is so much harder than anticipated.
Watch videos on how to get a job & fairness at work @ julieforjobs.blogspot & go to minorityjobs.net for FREE RESUME & job board, Julie
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
looking for places to play for a spring tour, midwest to east coast and back. anyone between chicago and NYC got some suggestions?
unfortunately no link as of yet. Argh! Gotta knuckle down and read it!
Gonna brush up on my British accent....
I think that is part of his problem. Smart kid trying too hard. No emotional intelligence.
happy delayed birthday!
Good Morning to you too!
we should! haha
": . will be kicking off ’srally at VCU. Who is excited for the President's visit to Richmond?"
How about a picture..I got cockroach problems...
RT : Look, if we're going to get on the phone to talk about your company, be prepared to say something interesting. Good stuff!
Trying to figure out how somebody got into my twitter account..#nothappy right now tryin to figure out what the hell is going on!
good to know..
7:12 AM. And both kids are on the bus!
Think you're a tough guy? Take a Pilates class--will kick your butt!
haha oh how I wish :P
DM is fine
Met a guitar player today..he has done some work with Bishop Jakes.we use the same engineer.in Austin..word of mouth is he can chop that ax
Are inspiring, deep learning experiences lost when lectures are recorded and put online? When powerpoint slides are shared?
that is just too much!!!
Need food badly? We're serving our full food menu starting at 2pm on Saturday and Sunday this weekend! How about some Killer Nachos?
I'll take the three runs!
u tweeted " DEsE" to Danny
Why does band go to the beach when they do nothing
RT : Q6. Share with us your best (tasteful) joke!
I'm tired of seeing Love Quotes, I'm Single Get TF off my TL!!
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
or perhaps were eating lower quality (and cost) food
Watching Portlandia and dying.
Haha been a long time since I been in Twitter Haha me back follow me
yeah... You probably should never say that again
duude, it was awkward today in general music, with the 'Eric + Victoria = <3' i was like, OHMAHFUCKINGGAWD.
Ignore me ALL you can. But DONT ever come crawling back to me when people start to love me on February 31 ! Yeah, thats right, FEB. 31!.
Have a great leap day everyone!
To fix the confusion I changed my Twitter account. If you're following me through Twilight or FF I opened a new account as ZephyerSky
I feel a sailing adventure coming on!
Yay. My two favorite people! RT : #dsum12 Finally met at the #
PLEASE FOLLOW ME(: i wanna dm you my number :P
tweet about war could have been shortened to just this..."I have no friends." I think that is more accurate.
Gotta run the table to make a 4-team playoff with that OOC. Zero question.
Connecting with people in the retail payments space. Looking forward to your tweets!
Will be very bad - call. We smoke together, even if they never smoked, even if the cast ... even if each other.
I bought some magnolia and cherry blossom Glade today. calls it my gay spray. I shall gleefully frolic every time I use it.
Did u make it in? If not, I hope to meet you soon. Surely you will introduce your wonderful selves, right? Closing time. :)
slay silos
#SuperBowl Rob Gronkowski being healthy could have been the difference.
im going to bed i gotta get up at 6:30 =\
aw, you look so nice! no changing... :)
lol TELL HIM that !
Won't hologram Tupac be a bit anticlimactic the second time around?
not last night. It was a couple of nights ago. When you asked people to ask you questions.
Thank you ! You too.
Saw my operations management professor at Sam's Club today.
If only... I went to the luncheon where they announced that. I thought I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone.
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad. I play the good kind. Louis Armstrong
Excellent morning so far. Feels great to reconnect with old friends at
We are looking forward for your submission !
Aparently my uterus has moved since the last time i checked and it's just cramps
wish i was going to jingle ball :/
you always look adorable!!! Do it
Wearing my snow boots & not my new cowboy boots in this rain!
hey haven't talked 2 u in forever who is all in ur new pic?(;
Fight for life, not for fear of death.
Big One...
If I get extended tonight that's bs. Why the hell should I have to close on a Friday and Saturday
Read about your super cool biz on ! Love the name... Can't wait to try the product!
On twitter when I'm supposed to be doing my senior theme.
aw what u been up 2
Moments of solace are important even for loners like me. Taking a bath.
;-) it didn't come through. How are you? Me sleepy.
I love your videos!! please follow me!!
Ladies and gents - is proud to present: & July 11th! Another banger for y'all!
Just saw VW's Fat Dog on TV, sans the Star Wars Catina ending, and wait for it...it was a 1000x better. Why was it ever there to begin with?
Itz been along time since I've followed all bcuz I'm so inlove with my boo
Thank god I saved all those text messages. People are psycho!!!
I guess the saying "when it rains, it pours" is so popular because it's true, huh?
Hill Country Tri Packet pick-up tomorrow. Special order school shoes. Zilker Relays Sept..2.
Hall of gamers Isaiah Thomas just got fired from as the heads men's basketball coach.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings. ~Eric Hoffer
Does my Billy Joel station know that I just came from the Fergie station?
Thank you God for another day🌸
Long time no tweet! Hey, can i get a happy b day from ya tomorrow?
Anyone looking for a bartender position?? We have 4 venues hiring immediately in the Downtown Milwaukee Area.
tips to prepare for a social media crisis: plan, prepare response templates, be the central source of communication via
NBA Playoffs are underway, Lakers and Spurs look strong from the start. Bynum & Kobe had some record setting performances yesterday!
matts not wearing a GIANTS anything! Ha
wat will u call ur baby?
It's about time companies start realizing that not everyone wants 1366x768...
very concerned..he seems to have the unlucky injury bug so far this year..
My son got married today. So happy for them. Feeling kind of lonely tonight. I'll miss him. He was great company.
I would say you are correct. But the truth is I know it could be MUCH, MUCH worse. ;-)
Also I am wearing an ID around my neck from a job I cannot have without college plus grad school. Come onnnmnn. No martini for me. :-(
Welcome to the #Pack! MT : Congrats to Whitney Honeycutt for her acceptance to ! Your KIPP Delta Family is proud!
Unwind? I'll be finishing up the required tech competencies in my time off... It's never-ending!
Tomorrow's game is going to be AWESOME
Fuck you I'm a koala :3
Welcome new followers
actually, will be doing a fair in Austin that I think I'll attend. Will be their first in TX, should be good!?
Love you! Sent you a DM. <3 Please reply! <3
RT : It was heaven on wheat! I highly recommend trying it and just generally patronizing
Sore back this morning...need some yoga.
why doesn't the "I need tickets" guy talk to the "Who needs tickets" guy 20 yards away? I wanna play match-maker.
For the second straight inning, Vuke gives up two runs on three singles. Not sharp. Twins lead 4-1 after three.
Great advice RT: : Look back five years. Did you love those five years? If not, make some changes today. Change the next five.
Damn shame about my boys - #mubb - but proud of their season, and will always value their gritty style and willingness to dive into a scrum
Looking forward to meeting you! :)
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets!
i kill pussies like a
Stunning, right? I've never seen a team so bad in the 4th...
Go for it!!
The Fly is eating dinner next to me.
Travis performed When You're Good to Mama today...
I guess found 's RT : RT : I think Ty Dillon has a horseshoe...
cool beans
So obviously, Matt Cooke came up. Not funny. Savard will never be the same. Can't be out in sunlight.
Found a site that makes custom bobbleheads. I think I know what 's birthday gift will be. ;)
...around & walk in the other direction?
I don't mind the $$$...I'm sure it won't be much, but I was seriously bummed to hear that 'rare' cards could only be purchased.
Hoping the grapefruit I just ate is as delicious to the parasite in my stomach as it was to my mouth.
she is. And she's ugly. Heather is way prettier. Its ridiculous. Its like dumping JLo for a homeless toothless 600 pound man.
and every practice I saw he sported an O's hat and a smile. And my old coach knew him since he was 6 years old
RT : Fish Fry Friday! Stop in or drive thru for our hand breaded cod! Live music w/ the Carmen Nickerson Quartet.
getting crazy with pictures :)
That is correct. and it is definitely a venti kind of day. RT VENTI means business
Just realized uses the term "everting" i.e., "[the digital] manifesting in the physical world" in Pattern Recognition (2003)
Anyone using IN therapy?
Mitt Romney is for anti-gay rights. You really want him as your president?
Follow a Fringe Venue:
Nun on da computer at home like always n plus i got tha day off from skool
"This guy probably can't even spell poker."- Phil Hellmuth "Idiot From Northern Europe"- Phil Hellmuth
HOLY LEBRON JAMES!!!!!!
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
With glasses, I kind of look like I'm from England.
aw, that looks so good! my parents still want us to cook for them:)
Me too! RT : weird - nearly every day this week I've been asked if I know any ossm dev's looking for work - good sign!
Watching UK v KU from the beginning of the year, not sure I'll recognize the team.
Starting off my morningg with some weezyyyy :).
we can only hope...
FInally completed: Yale University Digitization Shared Practices – Still Images, Version 1.0 (only took us a year of collaboration writing)
Drive defensively. Buy a tank.
SAVE THAT DATE!
Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?
Agreeable ;) RT : #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.
for me, its never too hot for reds. I'll throw a bottle of red in the fridge and drink it cold before I drink white or rose.
Yes I was RT U wasn't shooting with me in the gym!
why no serious talk about defense? we have to address the fact our defense budget is outrageous &it remains a sacred cow even for obama
Fundamentally sound fam RT : The spurs actually are good.
Criminal charges for raising the awareness of genetically modified foods? Or merely civil liberties violated a la post 9/11?
Be safe, man. Watch for the pepper spray!
#1,010 tweet goes to my love,my everything,my babe. The girl I will do anything for & will love forever !
Do you have a mission statement or are you on a mission?
downstairs if you're in TPA!
I did...he was shocked :)
had an orange and raspberries and blueberries as snacks today
you were awesome tonight! Glad you're the new percussion professor at UT!
I will be there in the morning
Shit's about to get real at boozecamp, yo. (See what I did there. I got all "gangsta". I mean there are some big developments coming.)
Word! :) Can't wait to see the fruits of your labor! "Get your runway stride on!"
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. -Thomas Alva Edison
reminds me of how much people are able to struggle & celebrate simultaneously every day.
Thanks to everyone who came out for an equally entertaining and inspirational event last night with !
Dime que me quieres dime que me Amas ♥
Anyone else who is following the #libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam? Don't click!
followed(: follow back?
Any ideas on viral videos or brand messaging?
how u got it?
Just finished my review of Beaton in Vogue for PBR, waiting for posting. Thank you for a gorgeous book. Fashion must read.
Thanks for the retweets and continuing the conversation.
Sweet Sensation had the #1 song on this day in 1990 with If Wishes Came True.
feeling the baby do back flips :D
“Live the moment for the moment.”
Cut mine into 4, I don't think I can eat 8. - Yogi Berra, in reference to how many slices of pizza he could eat!
Leaving my family
It's funny how people involuntarily place you into competition. For the record I don't compete...I just do me. Take note and follow suit!
Too funny! Sry we missed each other last night :) wasn't the food great tho???
Gratitude is the doorway to abundance...CHOOSE TO BE GRATEFUL!!
Well I have internet on my laptop. But I can't do much on the damn thing. I'm just glad I have youtube back.
Going to bed early so I can enjoy brunch tomorrow. Yeah for bottom mimosas!
good one!!
The fact that there is no #NASCAR app for iPhone from is just another example of poor service.
Agreed! Love the look! RT : Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing! Love them all!
It is. Im loving it. How are you? :-)
poor kid must go through a lot of pants.
I am currently looking for experienced Inside/Field Sales Representatives in the Florham Park, NJ area. The position is a great opportunity…
Aha! British Royal Navy, late 1700s. Thanks, Wikipedia!
Thanks for the lovely book discussion today. So glad to have a chance to revisit an old favorite. Next may do Faulkner.
Lady on the bus is offended by everything - ppl with bags, sneezing and someone reading a paper.
lol..and im good! finishing up work..im really tired! ugh!
I love the voice!
So glad to hear I'm your favorite solopreneur ! Totally feeling the love, and of course, loving it :)
": Ted Thompson taking the stage at Shareholder's Meeting to long ovation." How things have changed!!!
hot as fuck
Supernatural ALWAYS has my vote. Going to make sure everyone I know votes for it as well!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. -Chinese proverb
It's weird not hearing from her too...
I wish we were in Vegas to celebrate winning!
never racist, I love cultures of all types... it's personalities that I judge.
Lots of vendors here 2day! I spied lilac, woo hoo! Plum jam & lots more!!!
Im mad i can't ever go out ! Not even to a birthday party .
A big #FMRevolution welcome to #TAFP member and FMRP faculty member ! Show her some love, y'all!
Nathan Patches Pim: A Few Good Reasons Not to Show Up for Work This Tuesday -- Why May Day Is Our Day
I love that the KFC Colonel is tweeting about UK while UofLOL is playing in the Yum! Center :)
I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could ♥
#Grammy Awards this weekend - who's your favorite?
Up and at 'em, peeling potatoes. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
This year's director answering how does she do it?... "It's the #SkiSwap. It just comes together every year. It's just what the Swap does."
alright then good 😏
She a goofy!!!
I wish it could be like that when I stay the night! It's always hot AF! Lol
Looking for a Talent Agent in Chicago or Milwaukee. I'm too short for the runway but just the right height for print and commercials
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to alert clients of special purchase opportunities.
Not me. RT : Can someone explain why "Texts from Hillary" is funny? Apparently the humor goes over my head.
said some provocative things at #ahcj12, including "Insurance companies have some ability to make us practice better medicine"
no bit seriously though. Send some beats 'cause I haven't heard enough of yours to determine wether you suck or not
If your web content doesn't work on mobile phones, your web content doesn't work.
This call lasted 37 minutes ... Literally 3 minutes of business was discussed.
ya know those days when u obsess over an amazing artist? hmm currently mine's
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 26 and April 27
Anthony Davis.
Get business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia? Design it yourself and get the finished product today! Contact one of our reps today!
We are our own problems and our own solution...
I know I'm late with this but thanks for the #ff and hope you're feeling better.
Thank you so much for the RTs!
I Have an epic proposition for you. Let's talk! Run with us toward peace in Congo.
Lack on quorum, Parliament fails to Reparations Law for victims ...
Tonight's prayer meeting was... Is... Well, it's hard to put into words. I won't forget it that's for sure. LIFE
The Starcraft scene is truly a wonderful thing. I glanced at some of these strategies and I feel like I've been playing a different game.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
I take my road test soon
Seated and tweeted Terrific vibe and syked for Sykes.
haha i saw this like 3 minutes ago,im on my phone and on my laptop so im on two things at once...
Watching the CMA's I'm impressed so far by the production value. The Vocals are a little weak though. My thoughts
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
when I'm with you I never want to leave <3
Thanks for the follow !
only non Asian haha
why couldn't these have been available yesterday????? RT : Got two upper books for face value. Any takers?
I kind of wish I could move like Rihanna!!
r u serious my birthday is on august 01 too lol but im back here in LA so i need 6 hrs lol
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
This coffee will put hair on my chest. WOW
dude had on white ankle socks that were totally filthy. wtf
Remember, not everything is a picture. A good eye can edit before the shutter opens. - Craig Coverdale
“: ": your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!" Miracles! How's it going Yoda” splendid!!
Why again am I up?
Just heard about a Pastor getting people out of money??That's why I believe in God not the church if $ da root of evil y is it in Church??*
Any plans to come to the US soon? Especially the East Coast, of course...
RT : Reebok re-signs Mannings, latest evidence that former NFL jersey supplier will continue to market around league.
Yo Life the song is done!! and ull love it its freakin insane ima send it to u right now ima send u the beat and the record
#ShakeShack burgers are good, but not good enough to justify the fifteen minute wait.
got one! I'll be there! Let's meet up. Text me later
Bro, we should to play tennis SOON! We need to get into our "Bitty" figures & tans from Vacation!! Mkay! #CodeTalk Haha!
Okay let me know what you find out.
I was talking about your grad.
Shame on you #NFL. have not played # MNF since 2001. All other teams have played once since 2007. Let's go #DetroitLions!
just got done with my history exam. History is finally done!!!!
Bitches be crazy
Ditto! I had a great time. #friendsforlife!
Diabetics are likely to get gum disease. Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may diabetes worse. Reduce gum disease bacteria. www.closys.com
Jumanji is on!! This movie used to scare the heck out of me when I was little...
I haven't watched glee in a while. I will be catching up in due time lol
i've been good
Thanks for the #FF. Look forward to networking with you.
I've been mentally preparing for Levon, and Dick Clark goes instead. Deaths come in three's, so who's it going to be?
Mapping out math plan 4 the yr w/ our new alternating day schedule 4 kdg aligned w/ dist timeline & assessment!
Yooooo I forgot lol Im coming back for it too!!!
Happy Groundhog Day! Speaking of furry animals, what is your favorite place to eat encased meats in Chicago?
unknown except that maybe the writer didn't write it lol
Anytime Sweetheart It Is A Pleasure ..
RT“: There is & will always be that group of bitches that need to be slapped.”
Deady Hall is so cozy. I wish I had all my classes there.
: want to meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Monday ?
......I used to used to used to used to, now I’m over that Cause holding grudges over love is ancient artifacts"-
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. ~ Ethiopian proverb
Good rule of thumb- always take the hypotenuse. Thanks
@ shahformula1 u are followed. Now do fun stuff:)
Today is my birthday and nothing would make me happier for this to get retweeted by #AustinMahone or
A wonferful life this clip ain't. But this is awesome shameless Christmas self-promotion. www.youtube.com/watch?v...
Bwahaha that is great! I would have love to have seen that! Ps I have been walking atleast 3 miles everyday! #you'dbeproud
Hightower would absolutely be the perfect fit for the
Im the one all the young women wanna have a baby by . Thinking if they have a baby by me they will be rich
hey sexy, I need to talk to you!! 😁
Can't wait til the live chat tomorrow. Hope he answers at least one of my questions. This will be the 2nd chat I'll see.
The next time I hear Pitbull will be far too soon.
Spread the word that is having a sale! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
Some nights by fun.
i didnt get2see tho it sux cus i got my pandahat just4him i really wanted him to sign it along with &
I love the fruity pebble dance.
YAY! Let's make this happen... RT : Here you go, Wisconsin. You want a do-over for 2010 governor's race, you got one.
Entner: Where is the due process? FCC releases report on AT&T/T-Mobile As if Congress needed another reason to focus seriously on reformi
When is the #Seattle store opening?! Can't wait!
what's good KM stopping by
haha even if you didn't look at the song we would! haha
slamdog is a champ. I wonder if he's going to get the chopper up and working soon
Dear please make your app current. Missed flight on short connection cuz app didn't show gate change.
I can't trust a woman that only knos guys...
I love getting raped in the ass with no warning at all and do it all over the next day...thanks uncle sam!! U fuckin bitch ass trick
RT I get scared visiting the ghetto on Google street view.
OPM status...OPEN...why!
#WaysToImpressMe a diploma; college degree.
right now: listening to DE LA SOUL and being a white IT guy in my shitty cube in america.
I'm getting ready 2 hit the stage @ the Columbia College Rip The Runway Fashion Show! I'm singing my original dance songs! Wish me luck! 😘
Have you heard that chronic inflammation causes most of the major chronic diseases? Start taking lots of antioxidents to calm those fires !
RT : ....so that's what we doing? u don't even know what it means!! Lol. // I kno, right! Lol!
I hate dem long ass ugly ass thangz dat be flyin around da lights n shit
Welcome to town, sir....
Rick Astley: Nothing will EVER beat the Rick Roll!! Rebecca Black: A challenger appears... HAHAH :D:D
oh yeah ??
Just finishing up a trailer for "Unopened" - thirty minute drama filmed with Cannon 5D Mark II Camera. COOL!
Attending the Seventh Circuit Bar Association conference in South Bend.
: sports are better than everything else. always. so deep, brah.
A beautiful soul makes a beautiful woman. I've seen plenty non-lazy girls that are still ugly inside.
Excellent! “: “: With #DCU after??” yep indeed”
Take a shot for me.
september 24th at the door in dallas were playing with chiodos, oh sleeper, attack attack n more we have to sell 80 tix!
of course! followed :D
RT $16 gin and tonic? Sign me up for 16 of those.
Didn't know that!
Uninsured and underinsured are welcome to the clinic tomorrow which runs 9am-3pm.
Haha thanks :) all true things! Have a great weekend!! RT : you are so SWEET!!!!!
Studio next week
Today I put a new flower bed in my front yard in the rain, was held hostage in my room by a wasp in my house and won a contest.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
That's what sellouts do. And joining the ICC board as CEO is pretty much the definition of sellout.
well if he couldn't do it by himself before, he has kanye now to help reinvent him if it need be
Nice meeting you at the tweetup Dubblebee! :) South Dakotan? *nods* Cool!
Nice. Guy must hate chips.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” - RIP Steve Jobs
hello handsome;)
RT Does any airline passenger really need instructions on how to buckle a seat belt?//
lol! Bags on board!
RT if you think im cute?(:
have you been practicing?!:)
GUYS! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wish i didn't let him rest, i reeaally need his voice to put me to sleep.
It is yummy Salma :)
hahaha heat haven't even played well and they are dominating right now...
Congratulations to the NY Giants for winning the 2012 Super Bowl!
I HATE FINALS.
Why must you put that #photography thingy in my face all the time huh? I bet #Nikon #Bacon tastes the best! ...nom
Just log in and view them if you are already registered.
Hows about and I take a weekend trip down there soon and we can all hunt together :)
Heather and Beatrice compare CLT and multiliteracy language education approaches. Multiliteracy considers cognition and analysis more.
Thanks! It was wonderful!
Wow, that's super creepy.
What would you do if I told you that I la la la la
Did you know there are 31 Wacky Holidays in March....Today is Ear Muff Day! If you could make up your own Holiday what would it be?
If you don't respect family first, I will make you resect pain first.
I can't wait for Loiter Squad to start ...
hahaa oh yeah like 3 am loud!
bahha sorry. I'm in my warm bed <3
HolyCrap!!! Wish I was there! Enjoy!
My awesome husband David Leitch will be visiting prof. in political theory at the University of Oregon. I'm looking.
sinners! All of em
Dear students: In small college towns, do not brag about cheating on an exam in a restaurant. Everyone knows everyone.
rock it, dude! Sorry I couldn't escape early to witness your awesomeness today. Have fun!
about to head to the wake for Pawpaw..... Very sad here at their house.... I miss him so much!! ughh why did he have to go??? :'(
What's on the menu for tomorrow?
it is what it is cause that is what it b
RT If you made your own Tye Dye shirt today! XD TYE DYE TUESDAY GUYS!
I think I'll just take a break from life and travel the world. I'll become a nomad.
hahaha barbG it is!! I like it, suits her I think ;)
Down to 11 spellers in fourth round of spelling bee. Started off with 100...
ok so U reply to my tweets, and followed me in the first place but u got the balls to be like ur annoying.
your new single #NoCaking is amazing dude. #TeamAztro all day
Rock on dude!
Working on my monthly Women at the Top® Report, where I share the latest ideas and research impacting women in Corporate America.
Removing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Pouring the love into the next 11 years with , and &T
he never actually said that they were dating so I don't think he would say if they broke up or not.
Snow day today & Richmond tomorrow = Me putting my work off even longer
"CoLab The Third: Sounds Royal"
Granted, it's April, but the #Orioles are five games over .500 and tied for the second-most wins in the American League East.
RT ": Happy are they who take life day by day, complain very little, and are thankful for the little things in life."
I MISS YOU MORE!!!<3
GOOD DAY MY GOOD PEOPLE
: most amusement park constraints are legal not med. Space industry likely to raise stds to lower legal/insurance risk
Time to make my quinoa chili !
RT : 16. I think global warming, evolution and equality are stupid.
I would like to be a cohost on your program redeye for my 40th BDay. I have been a fan since the first show. February 11th.
Hello how are you? soy amiga de Jesus he use to be your security Follow me
thanks for the video of my boy We appreciate you.
awww..u have a cold?
Agreed!! // “: Jenni, awesome show, great for the Seattle tech community! #KIROConnect”
The best part about Parkinson's Disease is that you never have to stir your coffee
there's a bus stop on St Francis street and Ferry can we get the tree trimmed by the sign so bus drivers can see it
off to rehearsal!! My first performance of "Getting Out" is Sunday, August 9th at the Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake, California.
and, last time I checked, you can get five of them in Wisconsin without it being a felony!
would you please follow me. Im a huge fan!!
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
love YOU
back to javascript. Some stuff I just couldn't wrap my head around this past week. Gotta figure it out
"pick on someone your own size." this 1st grade term still applies in highschool. you're not cool if you're overweight and punch a 2 lb kid.
Learning: "decoction" involves long simmering of barks/roots, as opposed to "Infusion" which involves hot water poured over the tea or herb.
Funny, we would've pegged you for Centennial.
#Sixers are one of the hottest #NBA teams right now and ranked #1 according to Hollinger. Avg tix @ Sixers: $41 according to Fan Cost X app
I #Retweet any and every #Bible #Verse I see on my
I would also like to know that
You should buy the shirt. :)
No Olivia!!! Although this is that past. Lol
With and Stephanie!
better be right about this Anthro prof bc I've only been to class a hand full of times and it's midterm week
Belieber here: A dream and I want to do please. Please Please follow me my love.I'm super belieber! RT my love love you too
This not a brokered convention. We are putting pressure on the status quo. End wars, promote peace, free markets, free trade
Sometimes I look at couples and wonder if the other is actually interested in what one is saying? Or if the sex is really good
Boys Will Be Boyz shirt soon, so excited!
all good. How's Philly?
went there yesterday! They were so GOOD!
Only 12 more days in this hellhole.
join an episcopal church! you might have a lady priest AND you don't have to read the bible.
Correction! I mean...it's THURSDAY! Not Wednesday. Just making sure you were paying attention.
Just Woke up with next to me. <3
thanks for the #FF the 13th!
the supermarket may change inventory, but the essential ingredients will remain. Those are the ones we'll use!
If it happened it's for a reason
Wrapping up a week of dedicated javascript development. Stoked about my transition to becoming a front-end developer.
Guess who sighs his lullabies through nights that never end. My fickle friend, the summer wind
Lol my uncle laid out on the ground in the rain and screamed my aunt went running and was so scared... Lmfao
Nothing more bleak than a casino floor at six AM on a Tuesday.
rly addicted to NSN right now
wait After Porn Ends looks so good
This weather gets me excited about the NEW PATIO WE ARE PUTTING IN AT STIR! How amazing is that?!
All clear at Lloyd Center after white powder scare earlier today. Traffic being opened up now on Halsey.
im in 100 % call me sometime biotch!
Hey SEO's what is your favorite Keyword Research Tool and why? We are in the market for a new tool.
Time isnt fair when i listen 2 sublime
heeheehee so true :)
Welcome to all Grace Hopper Celebration attendees! We hope you enjoy your visit to Portland and the Oregon Convention Center!
Where are you sitting at the game? Maybe I can see you on TV.
and with you... hope you're doing okay!
#outofhandgame The GAME might be tough now, but you're getting the hang of it. You are on the right track.
-Thanks for the follow buddy. Have any good beer lately?
Haha. Cool idea, right? They consistently amaze and inspire.
RT : "One fish two fish, red fish blue fish" - Happy Birthday to the wonderful Theodor Seuss Geisel aka Dr. Seuss....
If you scale down McDonald's to volume of Sugarfish, then your Culver City location is redundant far as LA territories go.
stop calling ur gf so she can get the hint, and she will break up with u
Nba 2k12 after workout,
Hey where the heck has A been lately?
I was glad the weekend was over, but I was nowhere near ready to go back to school..when's the weekend?
Trying to find motivation to go get my afternoon Americano and cheese bagel... just too lazy today.
train bjj the rest won't matter
Check out our new "Poker Ace" shirt! www.drawndead.net
What happened at UT Austin?
Finally updated my glasses. Only took 9 years.
I am so depressed over Bin Laden, what could I do to get over this sick feeling motherfuckers cock suckers
Born and raised under the desert sun. Humidity? What's that?! Oh, right.
Going shopping after the gym :) is good to have access to unlimited money. Whatcha kno bout dat? Lol
I really, really should.
Congratulations! Welcome to the team!
FACIAL FRIDAY!
love that! Couldn't have said it any better ;)
Tonight's the premiere? Finally! Can't wait and thx for the reminder.
Is wondering who will be the individual to bring us to 150 followers!? Thank you all for your support in our constant quest for a cure!!!
Talking to this girl always brightens my Day no matter what she says❤
You can eat one for me. I don't mind. ;)
Heading out to my callback, and today, for one day only, instead of broken legs, you're allowed to wish me, "A Little Bit of Luck!"
do you have a decent Payphone club remix, all others stink
Prayers for Jacob!!! Glad you're back..,how are you feeling?
Registering more students. YEAH!!!!
This is my first time flying #Southwest - I hope it's a great experience!
morning! And thanks it's appreciated I'll be in touch.
I just wish that you could understand......
Saw The Lorax last night and Star Wars 3D tonite, were both very good for what they were. Plus, the company was incredible
Kings just scored!!! It's 2-1 Kings halfway through the second. And Coyotes are going into the box right now
Nice! RT : is our first customer to cash in the 3% off and T-shirt!
i wonder how many people reached their Qtr 1 goals?
At the comic show last Saturday, the guy next to me had a Betty White vs. Wolverine print for sale.
Oh that's nothing. You're cool.
Roadtrip! Destination: Washington DC.
"Two halves don't make a whole."
And she can really sing...really.
you were there tonight? Me also right behind the bench. Got some good pics if your boy.
Cool, I have a f150 too: RT it appears to just be the battery... We will see.
Re-tweet if you'd be totally down 4 a transformation challenge- b trained by our own athletes and win a trip to the Olympia or Arnold!
Tweet and stuff!
It was a cousin with the same haircut! Lol
Valentines Day is so fake. If you love someone, you’ll treat him/her special every day. Not once out of 365 days.
so?? “: Is Lebwon feewing okay today? :(”
Typical Saturday in retail. Car biz they are called 'tire kickers.'
HELP TREND #MahoneOnB96 WE NEED THIS TO TREND!
knocked up, superbad, pineapple express
Willam on RuPaul: "Oh God, my look is "I wanna go to Miami, but I can only afford Ft. Lauderdale.""LMAO!!!
Stop. Close your eyes. How does your heart feel right now? Hum your favorite tune.
what does that even mean???
Can you yell nonstop for an hour? This guy on the street below my window at work sure can.
Serious q: will the Knicks break 50?
I do!! *waves hands in the air* lol
Get ready tonight we celebrating Pre-Mother's day Wine testing and more start early Happy Mothers day to all Mothers !
Ohh ho ho have fun with that! RT Pumped that and I are looking at our first apartment today!
hey! Sorry to have cut our conversation short. Definitely want to catch up - I have news!
Thank you, it was great!
Same here, haha. have fun and good luck with it!
Almond nut milk w/ dates and vanilla is shockingly tasty - good sweet / nutty / vanilla balance. This cleanse'll be a snap!
Thank You for following me, hope you have a Great Week End! And good luck!
me? Starting with you? Never! #sarcasm lol
“: If you're passive aggressive and you know it, slam the door. <slam, slam>”
#MLB Looks like Angels will win this one, Angels should win the West.
RIP Maurice Sendak <3 ((T-T))
Thought this essay would be easy, but apparently it's on a book I never finished reading.
RT if u are a true rusher <3
God morning everyone :-)
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
No matter how amazing you are at something, there will always be an 8 year old Asian who is better..
Aw... What a pretty baby! (;
don't be impressed yet bro. xd
Hollywood bound soon! Who's in azusa still that wants to come?! :)
congrat!! “: and now... I KNOW I've succeeded. I've made go O.o”
Just learned Andy Cohen's mom's name is Evelyn. I have so much in common with older ladies, & I should not b watching BRAVO.
aww im sorry, does he like you?
I wish they wouldn't overplay Adele. Her music is beautiful and it just gets annoying after a while =\
thank you that is sweet
Oh hey thanks! RT : Great Social at Zeppa. Good Work #RYP!
omgawd is it me or like i i try to help ppl out but they just try to take the hard way god dayumm no wonder im always pissed -_-
Hah...My cousin went and bought me another wallet :D lol he said i wount be able to lose this one :P
Those who can't farm, farm celery,
Can't wait to see the coolest guy I know on TV #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT 3DAYS
Talk about an #EPIC #NYE Miami! We ready! RT : You best believe we're ready!!!!!
in 15 min Joe blanton is going to start throwing a shut out
ooh, really? I'll check that out. Thanks!
Another music industry legend gone. So sad. RIP Whitney.
You Know Your Getting Old When It takes a couple of tries to get over a speed bump
Wow, Ray Shero is a ball of sunshine on MM right now.
We just had to make sure that we are where the fish are, said Damien, and a lot more of the fish now are online
working on a fantastic skokiestory - will post it soon
It's 4/20. It's Little 5. This is the day IU was made for! Rally, Hoosiers!
How is meditation going to help? This is about CASH!
Oh yes, the worst “: Inter-period interviews are even worse than halftime interviews. These poor athletes! These sad journalists!”
Hello guys great site,
Just made plane reservations for Israel. Attending Yad Vashem's 8th International Conf. Abstract was accepted - working on presentation.
things are very clear in Balty as well David!!!!
I know what you mean. Life gets rough, but remember who to look to... The big man upstairs(: Hope you smile!
Why do i even ask??
I was just thrusting to Take It To the Hole when I unlock my phone and see a beautiful picture of the boys together. #JesusWantedItThisWay 
good luck with the draft this weekend.. Let us kno where the party at boys in there lol
One out of four ain't bad. : Sabonis: ''Doctors told me: no smoking, no drinking, no basketball. Only sex is left''
aww love it
shit. gotta re-think now.
Listening to the whistling wind that is our ventilation system. Good thing it's usually too busy to hear this. I hate it!
RT : So exciting to see at #P2Accessorize4Mom you look #wonderful :)
Emily Dickinson: The possible's slow fuse is lit by the imagination.
What must be done before you find out I'm playing for keeps?
whats your favorite new kids on the block song???? #rydervszigglerWM29 tryin again
Love convenience of Kinkos/Fedex shops everywhere, if not the cost of getting a doc back to the East Coast in a hurry. Sigh.
So stoked to be part of 's team at the U.
I think you know what time it is - it's time to get ill!!!
He had to score with his head, didn't he?
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
Work be so Damn boring I swear we dnt Neva have customers
How how I love golf <3
Would you be mad if he was texting other people while he's out with YOU??
Ray Chen: Haven't looked at the "current spasm" of smartphone patents specifically, but is looking at reexamination processes broadly
Lol. my friends that know all of their names are like "mmh SURE!" They like smirk &I'm like "Shut Up! You're giving it away!
I have, actually. I did a paper on him last year in my ab psych class after watching that movie. Fascinating man.
Wanna get in on the #MKEShindig?! , & team are just a few of the fantastic home-grown sponsors!
RT : If you want to get somewhere before sundown, you can't stop at every tavern./uNLESs u r going west-really fast!
Great shares, keep em coming. PS - just picked up the SPL rights in the U.S., Old Firm Derby around the corner!
Broncos waive DT Jeremy Jarmon to create room for newly-signed CB Drayton Florence.
Off to a workout before the first episode of the Bachelorette!
Love the new pic! #pretty #NM #ABQ Have a great day!
Scratch that... Can someone tell me how I missed the news that Amy Winehouse died?!?!
Man I Need Oomf Number! Lols
#HowAboutWe just admit we're perfect for eachother.
dang it u always blame me :P
Sold the coffee shop a number of years ago. It's still open. Just not us. We've got a few big announcents soon so stay tuned!
Just finished the movie Twelve. It's full of drugs and childish behavior.
you gonna do another twitcam or should i go sleep
damn nigga u gang banging on bacon lol
- Oh, you're a patriots fan? Hmm.. that might be a problem :P We all like the around here! ;) I guess we can overlook it!
Gotta go with the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad, just for its scale and gravitas.
Thanks so much you are so kind!
Babygirl, my feelins for you is sumpthin' like the opposite of my feelins for Ottawa, now c'mere
Swear i just heard someone whisper something to me in my house but everyone else is asleep..... OMG!!!!!!!!!! :((((((
It's true. We do enjoy tasty watermelon. But let's keep that between us.
I have an audition for Sweeny Todd in two weeks. I need a vocal coach.
On a reading kick. Have finished 2 in the last week, and nearly half done with Son of a Witch by Gregory Maguire.
You just made me cry while claiming that you love me.. </3
Do not click this .I bet you 78% of you guys did this.
where did you grow up jeff?
Still having to correct people when they pronounce 'Austin MahoneY'.
A little less well known is "Out of My League" by Stephen Speaks.
Dying due to lack of sleep
Every time we buy Honey Combs & I see WeTheKings on a box,I remember warped when me n my bro saw them n got stuck in the middle of a moshpit
The Maze Runner book is soo good!!!
In Mexico they kill you twice: they kill you and then they kill your reputation.
The people have spoken. Chapman warming up on the mound. Beginning of 8th inning
Yes, how are you?
Watching the Kids Choice Awards with my nephew and I'm honestly not sure who is having more fun?!? Lol I just love him lots and lots!
Wow! That's pretty cool!
looking for spanish / english bi-lingual affiliate mareters for an amazing product 75% commsion.. and 7-8% click through rate,
Fuzzy slippers tells no lies
I made dinner(: this ishh on P O I N T !(:
Thanks for all the support continue following, Youtube page in progress.
Big ups to the newly minted Dr. congrats, Suzanne!
exams suck
completed her food and exercise diary for 11/02/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Ha Chill Out Rick Ross
I have some interesting news.
WTF did you do now??
Sometimes I'm in a daze and use the iPhone passcode screen as a calculator
Gotta let it go, ya like someone else…
Pickup lines for old people: Grandpa: Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause ive fallen for you and cant get up.
Wah happen O.o
Mid-Week Motivation!! "Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself." Theodore T. Hunger
Rock on!
Just got to Decibel, KISS night guy Haze is tearing it up on the 1's & 2's!
The government of Izumi-Sano is accepting applications from companies for the rights to rename their city.
Part of the ongoing evolution of the Design District.
two scenes away from being off-book for Monday's rehearsal
rocking rhetorical criticism=awesome! Looking forward to your analysis of GWB's crisis and tragedy rhetoric.
RT : I think Z'Tejas has the best happy hour (in my most biased opinion!) RT : ok then z tejas or another...
where are you? I don't see ya!
Mad dunk by #badgers big man
Thank you BOD for all you do: #smchi (pls RT if you feel the same!)
that should be a good trip to S.D.....
HA! I'm not braggin... but are you impressed! HA! JK jk! Trust me... if it weren't for you I wouldn't have 2 @ mentions HA!
Hey Steve! Enjoyed your tweets today on #HFChat. Thanks for the follow!
Hey Guys! we hiring now at our woodfield mall location please send resume to
I'm so tired...
I'm coming back to twitter :)
app store
Had fun getting KOed lol. Good luck with the rest of the filming!
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there - Will Rogers
I've been looking for answers for awhile now and I'm just not finding any
changingg my number
lmfao. I'm knowing.
thanks!!! Can't wait to work with you all!! How are you doing?
OMG IK LIKE JUST STOP..
Good morning y'all! Make today a great one
I remember the first time I heard Justin Bieber on the radio..at an ice cream shop in Washington. I thought he was a girl.
Out of curiosity, what do you consider "conquering" it? By just finish? By a time goal? By feel? I ask because I just did my 4th
thanks for the compliment
TY for the follow! Congrats on the new album coming out!
well dem is mines den.. better wrap them johns up
I've always loved all the energy/emotion an airport carries.
Just got approached by Ray Charles daughter tonight after a performance.... wow. Made my night!
My Man is ALL THAT & THEN SOME!!!! He is working so hard today... So I'm up making him breakfast to take to his job. :-)
i love who you follow on this!
RT : Thanks /your welcome
So I'm still in Iowa.....
in JUST two days!!!
Wide awake.. everyones asleep..
i love you boo <3
then we will be friends forever
that's really nice of you!
The Truth huge! KG playing like he just came into the league & Rondo redemption on last play! Bring on the Sixers!!!
i like Zibby better, but Haruki should've been cheap enough to keep. Carolina offers him more PT though
loud neighbors = LOSING.... someone get me outta here
Sorry I've been ignoring you, twitter. Work is crazyland.
Solid day. Solid beginning to the week. All day meetings tomorrow than back at it again.
FOLLOW THIS GUY !
Hey Nashville! I'm playing at Drifters tomorrow night (4/27) at 9:00pm!
awww thanks! Actually saw a card section in Walgreens dedicated to it. Impressed
Just found out today that my wife and I will be having a baby girl
Big shows coming up in Nevada (playing live percussion for Notown beats House DJ's Johnno & Jaimie)...
45S is a parking lot btw
Dear Jesus: I know people think you're important, but starting your birthday celebration in October isn't cool. You get a day; not a season.
my house long island !!!! <3 so excited
Asm Lowenthal: Price of forgetting is so terribly high.
Watching " The Miracle Worker" on Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke are amazing every time I watch this movie
ME EITHER!!!
At Coppin U for announcement of new portal to bring digital equity to all, www.digitalliteracy.gov.
I need more than 11 followers! Come on people you can do better than that! I'll follow you all the way hun!
RT : RT : Hire for judgement, not for social media aptitude when dealing with a social media crisis
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando and Tampa. Posting January 1st, 2012.
Love az but cant stand my mom for a long period of time
Do you like to workout?
Thanks ! Really diggin' the bkgd on your twitter profile. Very cool.
You bet!
#poortoby that was pretty sad :(
Wow, Posterous got aquired by Twitter, that sounds interesting!
My tattoo Is done!! YAY!! That little Ass tattoo wasn't no joke!!
Whaaa? The one I know is from 1976!
It's raining and pouring and the old man is snoring. But I'm LA dumping the old & makIng room for the new !!! #WestWeek ...
yay! I can't wait!;)
I guess we're just cutting edge ;)
Good day today. Going to get my hair cut, then shopping, then sleepover. I<3weekends (:
MAHOMIES Love Austin !
Ladies, you don't need to have an attractive body or face, to have that attractive somebody. Just BE YOURSELF, confident with yourself!
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010. Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST. Looking into hotel pricing.
Just starting THE Trade Show in Harrisburg, PA. The build up was insane and I'm one of only 6 vendors here.
Vacationing in FL & it's 65, while back home in TX it's 80. :(
I am so excited to go to the beach all summer
I love getting ready under the Fluro lights in the gym change rooms. You know it's the worst you will look all day :D Sensational
The scraggly goatee per capita at the Royals-Twins game is out of the world. Odd Mauer can't grow one.
So now that is legal is it ok to have an old lady crush on him LOL this 28 year old needs to know! :)
I was accepted into Handmade Arcade! My first time as a vendor. Save the date: Nov. 12th 11-7 at the Convention Center. Please come visit.
I dont have a comeback for that, thats a first.
I understand that lol!!
nothing but LOVE!!!!!!
I've chatted with Chris the author of your article. I like the tough photo. My photog was terrible.
Checking out the new menu at iNG restaurant tonight. Time to flavor trip, I'm excited!
make cook crabs sat evening. U coming?
It's not a very big step from contentment to complacency. - Simone de Beauvoir
This episode of #FamilyGuy is based off the move #Taken. Its too funny!!!
Did you Know: WWE #1 on Facebook: WWE is the #1 most talked about brand page on Facebook, with more followers than Nike, Pepsi, UFC, HBO ...
Using Cinco de Mayo as an excuse to drink margaritas now.
The Jorts video may be the best one you've done!!! Good job!!
I rather like taking matter on to my own hands... Just means trouble is around the corner 😁
you so totally won that slammy bro and yea tonight was totally #SSSIIICCCKKK broski but in a good way ! Woo Woo Woo !
Thank you my friend! :)
Ed is corkyinacoolkindaway!! Go Ed but don't let them do that to you please.........
it open next week?
or when Edward Scissorhands gets arrested! :'(
Call yourself Directioner , So click button and Follow !Go follow!they share facts , imagine and all thing about 1D
I haven't been this happy in awhile.
I have a heart attack everytime the church falls on johnny
He is so awesome :)
Thanks for RT of a newbie Tweeter's tweets. My debut novel Pilot Error is on the way and needs all the t-help is can get. GO INDIE
Blazers Summer: Get a new GM, Get a NEW coach, REBUILD via draft and free agency! WOW Big DAY in P-Town!!
follow me
Thanks for the follow! Have you seen the FB page?
Thanks!! Hope you enjoy...
Honorable Mention: Tom Brady sure knows how to play the field. The New England Patriots quarterback
My #FridayRead includes "Imagine: How Creativity Works" by
Currently-baking bread machine recipe will be called "lets find out what happens if you don't have enough yeast." Blech bread, here I come
Preparations are underway for the Performance tonight at Holocene! Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 7:30pm!
I mean Amanii
....what? >:O FUCK LIFE. I HATE STUPID ENDINGS. ASDFGHJKL.
what's up buddy
Kind of windy today. Not COOL >:o(
#2thingiapreciate 1 when the rangers win 2 they must get into the stanley cup
is live on right now! make sure you're watching!
Just saved $175 by switching to Pirate Library and downloading my textbook for free.
Thanks so much. We have fun making our videos.
Hanging w da
yes! Randy is wrong! excellent job!
we got the twitter app on our visio TV!
yea nd u was suppose to call me bck
At a Story Corps meeting. Anybody want to get interviewed for the Library of Congress?
Was on the #4 train at the height of rush hour yesterday - not a good place for a person with anxiety. I had to access my happy place.
Thank you Pete! Hope you're great!
Hello Spring!
Oh how I love models casting day at the Departures office...
Can't wait 2 get off work 2day...no double and spending time wit my baby later #yay :)
Doesn't sit well with me that newest major stakeholder of Twitter is part of a regime that opresses women. But what can be done about it?
Tweet about your favorite teacher. It's Appreciation Day! Mine was Mrs Brooks 9th grade. Encouraged me to be a writer. :)
..omg I had a dream last night that I was in #TheHungerGames and was running through the forest with #PeetaMellark. What an amazing dream <3
thanks! see you later expedia....
"In God we trust; all others must bring data." ~ W. Edwards Deming
Mobbin wit my baby momma today
I rushed home from work and now I don't know why. The minutes are just going by so slowly. :(
Ooh you have a motorcycle and can rev up like a badass, must make you feel better for being a complete fuckin douchebag!
Oh gOd. I look like the girl from Brave stZxghjkcxgvnkfghjlghjdljskdjn
Oh, looks like we might have much more data than we originally planned to hack on. Stay tuned.
“: people that start and spread rumors<<< #really??” ahem..
If they had known anything about you, that thing would have been covered in cupcakes and/or kitties.
latour needs to start making a bit more sense - he's got 3 days to do so.
grizz doing work? dang straight!
It's not enough to denounce #Limbaugh's rhetoric. Pulling your ads will send a clear message. I hope you reconsider.
No I'm still alive!! ;D I haven't been on Twitter in a while but I'm gonna start signing in more often, how are ya?
time to watch the soup
ECB's Asmussen Praises Fiscal Compact, Calls For Ambitious Timetable -Report - Wall Street Journal
they start at a 32 band!!! Woo Hooo!!!
pone el el app store voxer walkie talkie ;)
The Bears heard other teams were interested in McClellin so they picked him. LOL
Anyone ever use imockups for iPad? It seems useful for quick flows and wires. I'd love to hear some how you use it.
What is the meaning of all this
I have so much band merch. that I have no where to put it all .-.
Actually their playing a couple of Etta's tracks. Now tracking with "Trust Me" immediately followed by "Sunday Kind of Love".
Bought random bottle of zin, Wingnut. Opinions on it?
I've always put stock in paint color names. I should have known "blue pansy" was a dud. "Storms end" is much better for the guest room.
I like the feeling of writing on paper that I can't replicate. Unfortunately I have a stack of notebooks that can't be searched.
Clones of Ryan Raburn that can play every position and bat in all 9 spots.
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker" sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
FA MULAN. Now, pour the tea.
Bc what is happening now is not and the system broke down b4 NCLB. We need public schools..no doubt..make it right
Great! we could all have a group orgy... as long as they are of age they can touch me.
Just one of those days.</3
nothing too interesting. Won a bunch of small pots then busted a shortie for 13k 99>AK.
Hi my name is... And I like to spork. Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Tiger, Tiger- me thinks shaky knees are normal when Cleaning so close to a cute but roaring striped kitty
before i judge somebody i try to look at the situation from their prospective.
RT : Less than 2 hours until the 24 hour Tip-Off Marathon begins
Happy Birthday Betty White <3
Website for UIC Art History Grad Student Association almost live! Lotsa goodies. If you want to help beta test, let me know!
they make their living that way so who knows if it will work
Happy Turkey Day, tweeps!
Today on the train I could hear music from the iPod of the guy next to me better than I could hear my own. MLINY
Dont Expect Perfection In Your Progression, Expect Living Within Your Lessons
stamkos can't be stopped
Ahh, very good! Hang in there...income on the way I know! :)
Sesame kale is so good!
:/ friggin canyon! It said i missed you and your other half, and was hoping to see you today/tonight
Thank goodness...ready for my girls night
Already drooling in anticipation of the Whole Hog Butchery and Pig Out with at tonight.
Thanks a lot! You got it!
miss the days of study guides with answers attached to them
Did you joust or eat aa giant leg of meat? If not, there's room for improvement!
Omg tyc so much Josh! RT : Just purchased "love on acid"and girl I'm on the 4th time hittin replay...
"No Filter" & "Details in Notes Field" errors. Ovid & EndNote not talking to each other except on MacBookPro. Weird.
I've been texting my mom all day
yard man or eligant. your choice
poor nose cant take much more.
Love watching Ufc.
Hello!! Luv it there! RT hey Im in Nashville!
“: Last day being 24 years old. Getting old!! #oldman” lol I turn 35 Tuesday and my son turns 10 Wed. Now that makes me old
that's why were good for each other ;D
2nd time at the #dome in 3 wks & I see why #Vikings want new stadium
Great kill for
Last night someone was saying in chat that he wasn't going to buy skullgirls till it had an ingame movelist. I can't believe I read that.
Feels good knowing i dont have to get up for school.
Whoa... left the tv on and woke up to
Did You Know: was once in a sketch comedy group called R.A.S.H. - Random Acts of Senseless Humor. He was the unfunny one.
Hope you all have a fabulous weekend !!
A TV ad cannot care. Only you can do that.
when spirituality becomes too serious the sacred gets lost--or vice versa
Jaelle just called me a "lucky duck" lmao
When I listen to Ke$ha I think of and (x
Storms were horrible here in the south, but luckily one didn't hit my county, but it hit the one next to me
It's the end of a very long, but extremely fun day in Pittsburgh. Thanks for tagging along. I'll report back again tomorrow!
RT : School Board member Nakamura may not make it to runoff election to defend her seat. : bit.ly/bLLhQO
Wow--thanks! We will likely be back next Thursday night.
Happy first of May to all my circus peeps!
": Up to early west coast. 4 am tragic. Counting backwards......hey there your up early!!!
Dave Cuillier tip for journalism students @ #SPJR9 conf: add "death" to any headline and it'll be a Sunday p1 story. :-)
You nurture me, protect me from those nasty rain storms, and keep me warm on these cold lonely nights. You're the house I've grown to love.
As a goal oriented person I need this: Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. Seriously Thankss
any time!
I'm a huge fan!!! #neverSayNever is my favorite movie/song
The #caps lost. Good game. I admire the dedicated fans. Go Caps.
Always nice seeing our Swoop! Thanks for coming out last night for show! RT : save me a seat!!
is still actively iso PT gigs on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD. Thanks for the great leads so far. If you have one, please pass it on.
I don't know how I'd wake up in the a.m. without my Coffee & Episode of #TheBigBangTheory. Thanks for starting my days right!!
Could you let me know soon? I wanna be able to have another Warped Tour experience with chew ^.^
me & him are getting so high right now off these whipits. giving each other head n shit ;)
If You Use "Oomf" All The Time, You Are A Hoe!
until you jam in a jumbo tampon!
Listening to your mom and sister bitch. <<<<
I've been getting alot of followers lately
What on earth goes on in Ron Artest's head!? There is something seriously wrong with that man. Goodness.
Look at me turkey
Thanks on this we're considering it.
can't wait for Sunday! Part 1 of our interview with will air!
I didn't want to lose your wonderful voice.
#askScandal is a lit. geek like I imagine she is? Are you, Kerry? You read one of my fave books recently.
"Grown up"?... What? Is that just some lame rationalization of your pathetic lifestyle?
thank you for the follow, we would love to meet with your magazine and talk, please call Uri direct at 760-613-8290 thank you.
Had a great day of UK football interviews for future story. ...
Enjoyed a Lovely evening with a Lovely Lady!! Also, Tara Tinsley Rocks! Check her out!!
so cute! How old is she, she is so teeny
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller, I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her!!!
time to move on with my life
Tara can not be buck unless she transitions, hahaha xD
I've kinda fallen inlove with your story :3
Yeah the shot we saw was of the fans on the left field line. I figured it was a foul ball. Nice camera work lol not
Dare yourself to be creative today. Shoot a video, edit, and upload it! Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours. :D
This apple is DELICIOUS.
You are what you think about all day long.~ Robert Schuller
and ' sweet sixteen tonight!! Pumped, y0000~
Kids are doing homework tonight. I had to help one think about Shakespeare. Ugh. Had to really rack my brain for that.
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says "Not available in all states"?
Just heard from a staffer I emailed in mid-March who acted like it was just received. Glad to get the response, but wow
hi! Thanks so much! I love ur icon too! She's so adorable!:] xo
Thank you guys! And now we love YOU! just heard you on the film vault. Loved it! Really terrific stuff.
Removing mold carefully and correctly is crucial to be sure the spread of the spores does not expose anyone or anything!
Worse for PR: $20 Red Sox tickets or ending sellout streak... RT Red Sox advertising tickets for May 1st-6th starting at $20
how are you insperating is it your hair your eyes your smile or just you im still figureing out what its is
Many would disagree, myself included. But I'll take it!! xo
Oh please. It's no secret that you want her. she'll be all yours when he dies.
very cute! ;)
Yo, Richmond! We will debut our 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon & Cabernet Franc at the #vawine Expo this weekend! #rva #wine Do come see us!
Laughing is the best medicine. But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
OMG!!! 3 DAYS without INTERNET and a phone...technology sucks...especially when it isn't working through no fault of your own!!!
that's a pretty incredible movie isn't it? We sponsored several viewings of it!
Just found out this person who can't figure out anything I draw on draw something is Russian. They used all these crazy Russian letters ...
Why do people tend to fall in other people's path?
Reading, #writing, loving.
Had a fitting for my music video shooting this weekend! You're not going to expect whats in store for you! Guess what's the next single
Only on #youtube can you watch the #WTCprogress and drift aimlessly till you end up on #ThatsWhatSheSaid jokes
I'm in your favorites:) I feel special!!;)
A good,low protein snack is a few slices of baked chicken but skip the skin.
just let me know nigga
Had a great weekend meeting and wishes him all the best where ever he ends up!
God is so good, 2012 is the best year of my life since 1992 (when I had my only child) Have A Great Day!!!
All in all pretty disappointed in #idol tonight. Casey, James, Naima kept it interesting. The rest? Meh!
Toby Keith is coming out with some good music . "beers ago" is a good one lol
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!! We did awesome Iloooveyouuu guys!
bro its popping.. but the internet is turnt down. Lol
rude cant even tag me!!!!! and thats not what the #sxswswag tag is for
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity Class-D Amplifier Technology
I want more hugs.
Merry Christmas to YOU!
IN THESE COLD STREETS RT where u gonna be at round 5
Yay, in case you've forgotten: nice, honest people DO still exist! Kind stranger found a check I dropped and returned it w/ nice note. Phew!
Feel like I didn't even sleep. Just closed my eyes and my alarm goes off
You're obviously not about that life den
Obama is “seem[ing] intent on following a similar path”to Hitler and Stalin, says #Catholic Bishop Daniel Jenky, w no outcry form the
What do you want done?
On my ten minute break.
is updating her twitter and facebook account, and checking out her myspace, and honestly, has little left to say.
I suppose that will suffice. But
too bad party schools are only decided based off the number of drinking tickets handed out. Fuck excise 👮🔫
Miss you too baby girl !!!
great photos!!
cause loves her some green. haha.
My head hurts
headed to the bulldog for a beer
Thanks again for the free publicity!
@ JessicaChasmar thanks for the follow from an ex LiveFree or Die stater......and a Gov McDonnell appointee
I'm curious to know what you think about John Mayer's direction with the soon-to-be released CD and his new single, Shadow Days. Fan or not?
any word on danilo 4 tonight?
While i'm here #ThinkinBoutYou you're there thinking about her <l3...
Hey man sorry we didn't get to meet up in Austin. Hope you had a great sxsw. I'll be in SEA week of 3/25. Want to grab a coffee?
I'm working on my taxes. Eek!
Thanks for following!!!!
Did anyone else enter the superfan MTV thing ???
Interesting debate: Are video games Art? What is your opinion?
Conceptualizing is planting seeds for a tree, for shade you will never sit under - Vicki Clark
lol no girl they can say it too!
Three cheers to Fred Kirschenmann for highlighting nutrient density. It's oft-overlooked in discussions of obesity.
Roses are blue. Violets are red. I'm bad at poetry. Bacon.
Just reporting: RT : Contrary to their popular image as spinsters, the avg librarian has 5.9 random sex partners per year.
Very good lesson to be learned ": RT : ... the decision to have sex is not the decision to have a baby..."
You know you are too old for #trick-or-treating when you ask for a #snickers and a tampon.
**HUGE TANNING SPECIAL TODAY that you will not want to miss! Your AGE is your DISCOUNT!!!** Hurry in to one of our 8 salons today!
Heads pounding but pregaming now! Roll tide
When asked what are your biggest concers about social media? main concern is that it will take a lot of fime, confidential info will leak.
And the countdown begins for Three Dog Night at ! Can't waaaiiittt!
ill punch you in yo sleep
thanx, miss talking to my Serena :(
He said "NCIS" and people shouting and fighting and carrying on. 😒
I can do that:)
Aww, thanks! We'll pass your compliment along to Rachel!
Headed to Hagerstown for the Washington County Poetry Out Loud competition!
idk, I need a partner I don't have to carry lmfao
i wanna f**k someone that i love <3 <3 xx
"Your SWAG is hot" huh? Sexy Woman Anointed Go Getter. Did he make that up? Either way #Ilikeit. Pls sir proceed to the front of the line
like two weeks ago I was trying to tag you and I could not find you at all and thought maybe you changed named or deleted.
U have to have a reason...
the scream tour should have come to newark nj, but still cant wait till yall come NY its gonna be awsome.. 1.4.3 :)
On May 19th join millions of women as we #GOBEAUTYGONATURAL ...more info at ..#RETWEET!!!
