Why did I hate beets so much when I was a kid? I love them now!
My name is Maria Fernanda Lima and I'm an aprenttice !
Sir Sidney Crosby and The Pittsburgh Penguins are poised to win The Stanley Cup!!
#health #tip: Hungry already? If it isn't snack time yet, try drinking a glass of water first to curb your appetite.
can't wait to see us featured on 'non- stop foodies.' We'll come back to cook anytime! ;)
Nananananana sheets of egyptian cotton
and of course #FF to the hunnies who keep this going: and Xx
Sports is better than war. At the end In sports you get to go home to your wife and kids. In war you're just dead. -Ted Turner American Hero
RT : Obama campaign slogan: "FORWARD." MSNBC's slogan since 2010: "Lean forward." / Next step: rambling ad about blueberry pie.
fun way to light money on fire
yah! there was a problem with one of the tracks so i had to wait to upload from last friday
This year's #outrageousbiz and 's winners are....a tie for 3rd place! BlockPower and USA Food Runs both receive 1,500.
First of the two in-class presentation today (I'm going next week). Apparently one of the group is fighting. Can't wait to watch the drama!
Bout to go back to the mall gotta get these new Jordans
we were Wildin today lmfao you were OD though
SAT word of the day: largess (n.) the generous giving of lavish gifts
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival. Check it out at artisansgonegreen.com
. Because a healthy Ryan Kelly was an obstacle for Kentucky in the first place... Huh?
It's Fry-day.... I suggest smoking heavily until Sunday
Spin your dials to 88.3 FM at 5pm today, Burghers. I Wonder... is talkin' city history, pollution science, and more!
Follow me I follow you back <3
My Delta Skymiles statement used to excite me. Now it reminds me how often I get on a plane.
No, S Club 3.
It finished strong.
take ya ass bk to sleep tgen... For a reason, ya tired lol
not foley, it's Hollis! He lives down my street ! And you can text me :(
I get mad I get frustrated I get pissed but in the end I'm always here for you and always will be #happy5months I love you
Blueberry pancakes >>>
omg. benny fractured his ELBOW? and Pico out for month? and nole's grandpa? dang - those aren't thunderclouds, they be clouds of doom. :(
jus, please follow me.
Did you ever watch the show Secret Circle? Did you get to Dark Shadows yet? What did you think of both?
no problem. And yeah ill send you the link as soon as its up!
thanks for the re-tweet and kind words
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
yea, her twitter username is
everyday. H.A.M. on life!
Win we beat niggas you don't hear me say sh** cause it was SUPPOSED to Happen! moment somebody beat HEAT niggas geeked cause its surprising!
Miz goes from #wwe #wrestlemania main eventer to a 12 man tag in one year..Can u say doghouse??
I wish I could find me some of those rare creatures.
I felt it definitely helped with my umpiring tonight. Lots of things to focus on during a game. Complete concentration required
Just swiped a free brisk
In Michigan for the day visiting my sister. Who has taught her child to call me auntie shortbus. Nuff said.
#itshardwhen You take an examn and you don´t know anything Last Try: COPY :) hahahahahaha
April 18, 1775 - Paul Revere's famous ride to warn "The British Are Coming!"
*sigh* idk what to do anymore....
awesome! Did you make them yourself?
On the positive side, TheWife proved she can complete her entire morning routine in 20 minutes (with a little help).
Madison Ave. Street Fair.
o nice!
glad to see you are on the mend
We are actually longtime fans! Under-appreciated in the neighborhood. Great portions, quality meal and we always BYOB ($15 cork)
what miss my blonde hair, black roots are defo better than grey ones
Don't give up on RedNation. Our time is coming.
thanks girl (:
Q4. Twitter friend that lives farthest away from you
“: uh oh ... that run by Gore didn't help you out much.”Lock and load baby! In the hunt for 7 points in 7 minutes.
Congratulations to the T2 team who ran the 2012 Virgin London Marathon today. Well done!
I need to be sleep I gotta get up EARLY as hell & I have attitudes in the morning!
I wish I could be more inspired when it's not for you
Dear John & The Vow were great movies..cried my eyes out
San Diego! We are looking for new sponsors everyday for musicians!!!
Thank you !
Duck, duck Lose!! Go Stanford!!
yes its gonna be so fun.
dude did u see my email?
I always embarrass myself -.-
Was listening to Vampire Weekend earlier today to drown out the thoughts of the terrible and unlucky week I had.
I don't know her but I know a different Susie in my hood in special ed. had his K teacher again for 1st grade. Rad.
you should subscribe to for twitter traffic clusterfuck updates
With a major digital empowerment summit in Newark on April 23, I wonder what do Newarkers know about the "Digital Divide" bit.ly/9pVIUK
One of my previous coworkers would print emails, hand write a response on them, and then fax it back to us.
Thanks for checking it out, Joe! Indeed, lots of benefits.
. Heh. Never did really get the nap. Interrupted by phone call...back at the work. Who was I kidding?
Gingrich calls DeNiro's First Lady joke 'inexcusable', demands apology. The sanctity of a man's third wife must be protected.
THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIPS! :-)
I'm not South Beach, I'm not Hollywood. I am on to the 2nd round.
I feel like it is. More reference points around to make it "feel" like you aren't moving as much.. even though you are.
Had too much fun last night
(Ricky Martin) quotes/retweets Janet Jackson's tweet about Cesaria Evora's passing. R.I.P. Cize.
One prank. Too funny. People mad. Friendship wrecker ?
he paid me in blessings and condolences ha
I think I'm in love.. I just downloaded 's album and it's quite amazing!
medical issues are very personal issues. many studies linking increase in technology use to decrease in "bedside" manner.
God sees all, and He disapproves.
I love this town. :-)
Me and darkness just do not mix well together.
sounds good to me It's been a while. Let me know when you're free.
I live in Nebraska... LAST TIME I CHECKED that was kind of close to Canada, eh? haha
Stop complaining about things and make ish happen!!!
And which law out there requires these companies to work with Wal-Mart again?
Oy. Sinus headache. Boo Indiana weather, and again I say boo!
lol, ah yup that was it
Answer to Wednesday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over a billion miles of DNA!
Haha zambu? And yup I saw the tweet ;)
The older I get the more I realize that I don't know anything
Dam, got this gay ass substitute
Nothing tastes as sweet as what I can't have.
too bad i went to cp yesterday and i forgot to text you... :x
That awkward moment when gas prices are higher than your GPA...
": #YouKnowYoureBroke when Forever 21 becomes "out of your budget"." 'I'm gonna be honest, I only have $50' haha
heyy x :) been a while :)
welcome c:! thanks for the follow
And all the other boys Try to chase me But here's my number So call me maybe :)
morning. Still early here. 3:51am. How are you today.
How can we make people think of the library first when they think of "information"?
I will not stop until gets more followers!
Don't be that lonely bitch
follow me back bro!!!
thanks! Let me know what you think.
Lmao at my Baby Nephew . He makes funny faces when he pooing .
meaning the contrast is bigger or smaller than you expected?
Here's the lineup of free beer we're giving away tonite: Shock Top Raspberry Wheat, Magic Hat Elder Betty & Pyramid Apricot Ale. C u soon!
It's starting to feel like Lake Weather!! DMTX just listed several lake front homes & now I am looking forward to floating in the Texas sun
The Northern Nevada community comes together to celebrate and thank Superintendent Heath Morrison, the 2012 National Superintendent of...
I love British people.
Mgmt is playing!
Why thank yew :') “: I love your voice miss :)”
did you ever hear back from Sherry ?
DYK? Osceola Adams, a founding member of DST, was one of the first Black actresses on Broadway ..
Lights are back on downtown! You could hear the cheers everywhere. Great job by
what's the score
Fess up. U broke the droll when u were a kid :P
Stupid black gloves.
Now I'm home and you're not here. See who the lame one is now?! #iwantmypresent! #andtoseeyouofcourse (:
BEFORE HIRING A LAWYER, SEE A COUNSELOR. MEET A SPOUSE HALF WAY IF CHILDREN ARE INVOLVED. THE ABUSED MUST SEEK COUNSELING
To bad someones time is short & i missed that call sure I would've enjoyed the convo
It's pure balderdash. I demand satisfaction. My children's children will hear about this.
I guess to have the type of personality I do, days like this are required to keep me balanced.
LETS GO
“: sounds good RT :since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!” Woo! We can join Neal @ bar-lol!
Its hard for me to be in a relationship..cus everytime I get mad I wanna fuck somebody else..im just keepin it g I know somebody feel me...
Happy Anniversary Meri & Kody!!": Happy Anniversary and Have a great day & another wonderful year."
Join us tomorrow for this season's first noon lecture. Natalie Dykstra will discuss her book, Clover Adams: A Gilded and Heartbreaking Life.
I'm keeping my promise to my family by not wearing yoga pants. How's your Monday?
I was 2.
Whoa! Time for a charity sell off just like Elton John does.
Lot more bikers on the road when it warms up. Mind them! Saw a guy almost get drilled today
a roadie to flo rida would be so straight
Wait wait how did I miss Peter Davison?!
oh my gosh do you know Skyler Gallegos?
Is there anyone out there 'cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe.
happy birthday justin! I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!! and wish u all the best!!!!!!!!!
two hour naps are the best
hahahahahhahahahahaha what song
I know you saw get that 3rd TD tonight.
please follow my new account
Nope, I just sing REO Speedwagon.
Melissa needs to chill!
THANK YOU! I appreciate it!!
M..Olive Garden. I'm dyin' for some Chicken & Gnocchi soup. That stuff is like CRACK!!! O___O
About to go to Rising Sun and go train like a Warrior!!
buffalo bisons tix for you tonight and tommorow it's a WARPED TOUR WEDNESDAY!!
Oh God, I gotta start blogging again.
but not just with commercials. I'd like to see film scores from some of my favorite producers. There's more than Daft Punk!
NSF Data & Visualization report: Need to address the issue of sustaining collections of irreproducible data
hey you have nappytab sweats right?
Thanks for the follow!
Worked 4 days in a row!
always EXPECT the UNEXPECTED, but while your EXPECTING the UNEXPECTED. never UNDER-EXPECT the EXPECTED. ~NOW THINK~!
just got TEN identical junk messages from you. I have no choice but to block you.
not much. you?(:
what promss? Haha. I'm getting my spray tan like next week it fades so quick on mee
Finishing up my presentation for sociology...
I hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July! What are everyone's plans?
"God will not bless you to a level that your character cannot sustain you."-Pastor Joel Peebles
Welcome back students! Hope you had a fantastic holiday break. Classes resume tonight.
no doubt! Hey ima record that track today. Does that same guy master your traxx
is it bad that when I saw #tolietgirl I thought of like a girl super hero that fixed toilets..? no? ok.
Gotta go sleep! Good night my dear followers♥
I'M NOT ALWAYS RIGHT! I was wrong when I thought my bf would have incriminating stuff on his phone- instead-my bf is perfect
Sometimes it's difficult to talk about but she wanted to share the history we discovered and I am attempting to fulfill her wish.
Only 3 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!! (we're very excited.)
Confucius Say The best defense against rape, is to beat off the attacker
We are happy to hear that Keith! Happy eReading!
RT : Anyone going to the Art Milwaukee Wedding event? We are with a bunch of friends! So excited!
You should have been on When I was a teen, I loved your show!
m jealous wish i was going somewhere
I always wonder if I'm anyones 11:11 wish....?
That was a nice goal by Phoenix!
:D Thank you!
As a business, if you can remember and honor your customers you win
Tis the season for pumpkin spice coffee.
Joe's Texas BBQ for dinner tonight YUMMY !!!!
I think black ballerinas are so beautiful
Sorry #DogTV didn't impress your cats. Have you tried #EatingTunaSandwichTV? Or #WearingBlackPantsTV?
doesn't make sense that there would be 4 different chasers in a case. Then it wouldn't come with 2 complete sets.
Its gonna be a long couple weeks getting ready for recording. But worth it!
RT Up & at 'em this morning! Pretty psyched to start this new year off great. What do you have on tap for today?Easy: Guinness.
You wrote. Celebrate that!
bow bow bow bro wht up
try not to worry. #meetthefockers is on tbs. Very funny.
Also forgot to tell you that they had Blood Oranges! :)
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
It did, thanks. Got a good recommendation on an Italian place. Love Italian. Thanks again!
Our partnership w/ fits perfectly into May being Foster Care Month-
I can relate.
u really needa get that fixed. And what's the score to the yankee red sox game, I don't have cable till tom
I enjoyed it even considering the topic. It helps that you actually have a presentation style as compared to most CLE presenters.
"If people don't weigh in, they don't buy in" Pat Lencioni at World Biz Forum; good advice for 2010 planning...
Hey! Thanks so much for your kind words. I had a great time speaking at NYU, hope to do it again soon. Best of luck to you!
Our eBook schedule is exploding in 2012- five releases in Q 1& 2 (1/11/12) The Big Bang Entrepreneur: when start-ups and ethics collide .99
Welcoming to the Bay Area by forcing him to eat farm-to-table food until his taste buds explode with happy.
How annoying when ultra whities pretend to talk Spanish. Stupido!!
Public should appreciate the historical significance of Brutalism,regardless of their taste.
Luck is on our side.
At the #zoo catching a train :-)
I will be checking out a class of yours soon too. Happy New Yr!
Lovin this . You scratch my back we will scratch yours
Time to get my studying in
TONIGHT!! ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION!! HUGE TEEN NIGHT!! LAST SUNDAY WAS CRAZY!!
glad you're doing better. :)
Leaving office now..so much for half day.
fake mutherfuckers envy!
GET THESE TESTS OVER WITH.
he is lying there all spread out and stuff!
yeah its #FF today!!
Things Will Never Be The Same
Susan B Anthony who campaigned for abolition of slavery & women's rights was born right here in Massachusetts on 15 February 1820
Short Hair, Don't Care.^.^
do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you?
to be fair I dont know many stable ones. If you find one, let me know.
I hate my body. I was supposed to get color today but my body is rejecting the ink.
Early admittance to Disneyland this morning has allowed us to do 6 rides in 2 hours!
"AW, NEVA!!!! I'M JUS' 2 CLEVER, SO IN FACT THAT, NO ONE COULD SEVER!!!!"-EAZY E"WE WANT EAZY"
Happy #Spurs-day! Let's keep the home winning streak alive against the Kings tonight.
where's your fb???
I need to call me like asap.
Morning cardio! RT : Half way back running from far side of GG bridge to #SCon12. Wake up Sugas!
Enjoys putting and on media blast, ha, it almost too easy
oh my gosh, you just made my week <3 thank you :)
I hope my baby has a good day today <3
Humans have fewer genes than grapes.
Smith: says that her office collaborated with depts to step up their peer learning efforts.
any mahomies here from Brazil or next to Chile ? :D
Does anyone else feel a little overwhelmed by end of year/holiday demands, etc? I certainly do. Thankfulfor sleep!
hip hop
Dinner? Drinks? Are you on a crazy schedule while here in the 317?
When Facebook can pay a billion dollars for a company that two guys started less than 2 years ago...puts things in perspective a bit.
Study for my research methods final, or remain a slave to Draw Something for the rest of the afternoon?
oh ok. I cant see u haha. There was a person holding a jid on their back.. Fml
“ thanks for coming babes :-) great performance”
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Cellphones powered by electricity too.
Moved into my dorm in Paris! It's a gorgeous old stone pile with soaring ceilings, huge closets, and tall windows.
Even More Notable Birthdays: Tori Spelling, Melanie Lynskey, Megan Fox, Marc John Jeffries.
#LakerHater4Life THIS IS GREAT!!!!! We up 2-0!!!! Mavs swept em last year in the semi's ....Who thinks the Thunder can do it?! :) proly lots
water heater, washer dryer, you cant help! You have a problem and cannot fix it. you gave away control
mane u will have them krazy azz folks payin stupid $$$$ for them boxes
yes Yes YES.
I wish a motherfucker would !
No. No way. Really? OMG!
RIP PUN & DILLA
RT :) high five * agree llill mama
you goin down tomorrow?
I think you are amazing ! I love you ! You are the New Selena Gomez !
Jim Boehim what a coach after 36 seasons he can still adapt to his team to make it the best it can be. We are witnessing a genius.
Hanging with the family
In their opening statements, Vince lays out vision for our city's future. Fenty lays out his attacks on Vince.
I can't rn Austin is so fucking hot...
is this part of your BobbyV defense? He's made some poor decisions. Dubrount out after 99?
Visiting town Tues-Fri for conference, any fun runs or workouts planned?
All these #grouptweetproblems could have been avoided. started this.
Scoop and Joseph should be ashamed of their efforts tonight.
haha throwback right? miss those days :) #youknowyourefromsandiegoif ...
Ah it's good to wake up to myself in morning.
Had a great time fest today - what an awesome festival, awesome staff and very important cause. Support if you can!
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
um she will know anyway obviously bcuz it's on camera like its whatever
For great deals on toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
This was his answer for those wondering RT Yes, it will further speed up the demise of the company. I give 'em 18months tops.
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now.
I'm in for roller derby. Just looked at Padres schedule -- I see the conflict!
ANYTIME PRETTY!! WHERE U FROM ? I LIKE UR NAME BTW, U HOTTIE U :)
Lmao at all these drunk text pics i received and sent last night funniest shit
As a Dallas Cowboy and #UWHuskies fan, I wish well. RT : Chris Polk has signed with the Eagles... per
hindi would be great
haha. You're the sweetest.
such fake fans
Who's going to Faith & Family Night at the Silver Stars 2nite? $10 tix + JARS OF CLAY!!! Can't wait!!!
Swisher with the three run homer! Yeah buddy!!
Hey you should try it! RT : Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
please Mr. Cusack, don't encourage the over simplification of issues like GWB's war criminal status.. It does no good.
I've got nothing good to say about Kevin Garnett.
OK, let's all be honest. Who was on Hot or Not? Guilty here!
yeah D:
I LOVE YOU
you're a poet and you didn't know it ;)
This game went from unwatchable to riveting.
Come on Josh Hamilton.
I guarantee that if you just focus on that, you'll make it to gold league easy
Holding hands>>>
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day
Pretty sure MXMW is the dream endgame for , considering they added a tech/culture forum this yr
saw that, thanks! Now you get to go conquer the world :-P
well for you I will brave the rural. Truly I have no business being such a city girl being from BFE Pennsylvania
Meanwhile, in non-breaking WTA news, Agnieszka Radwanska and Caro Wozniacki are in bad shape with two majors coming up in the next 8 weeks.
thanks for the spot last night. Sorry for the chair shot to the back, but you asked for....literally. Next time I'll just F5 you.
We'd like to support your 2012 High Line Spring Benefit, can offer our space & wine recept. for pre/post gathering. Interested?
#justinthanksfor being extremely sexy when you dougie.
I've never been in Asheville, but I've a dear friend in Charlotte who is mad at me for not visiting.
Goodmorning beautiful People♡
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!
I got through email already. That's a good start!
Bout to go smack Fairfield around in volleyball
I think it's awesome. I think I'll write a book:) Unfortunately, for K-12, many schools won't be able to purchase iPads.
Headed to tha crib but don't feel like my night should be over yet.
It's not gay when it's in a three-way, With a honey in the middle there's some leeway
It's going to be a fun time! Challenging too, I imagine.
well I'm only 5'1 :/
working on wedding pics while the kids sleep :)
damn! That stupid jersey came in today...guess I'll be posting that pic soon...wack! FTL!
Yeah, i'm in the same place, but still working as of this week. If the show isnt picked up though, i'm prolly out on my ass.
Met with rep from yesterday about product line. Very impressed! Looking forward to testing them out with a few clients.
Thank you.
Basically, yes.
When we are no longer able to change a situation we are challenged to change ourselves
& Lauren: #MtVernon was the place to be tonight. Thanks y'all.
haha pshhh I'd love you to if you gave me those :)
don't you buy me nothing, all I feel is one thing. Your lips, on my lips. It's a very merry christmas.♥
What is your fondest #volunteer moment? Pls share!
Ditto with the different lines. Do you have CESSP and/or EHESS logos on the card too?
“In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.”
let me know if you wanna set up a release date we can make a cover art photo for the promo.
doing his best Raul ibanez impression
mostly highway?
I don't like bananas. You still love me doe?!(:
1030am to 230pm recording session in the #platinumsuite and now a 6pm to 9pm production session in the #writingroom at
Now following Happy Puppy Bowl 2012 everyone!!!
This sounds good, and easy. Thanks
Life is All About How you Handle Plan B, Plan A is always my first choice
Having the highest GPA in the Big Ten consistently might have something to do with it?
If your a bird im a bird. <3
Kobe isn't messing around anymore. This is our year.
Would you get plastic surgery if cost weren't an issue?
I dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, Mother, what was war?
...so you ordered wine at at a diner...doesn't seem like a good plan to begin with!!
The SCoop was awarded Runner Up for Best TV Show on this year! Great night at the TV8 Wrap Party!
same here!
I liked my grandma until I lived with her.
GWBU now up 47% from our initial alert
Yes, it all makes sense now. (BTW, did you see James Parker is a finalist for a National Magazine Award?)
Thanks to Paul from and for a great interview and write up!
I might of over did it today. I feel like shiiiiiit. Same thing tomorrow, rinse and repeat.
RT Dear Please print oil. Now.
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
#stm2012 use of citation tools & article databases crucial to helping define research direction for T. Grove
“ Hey boo RT : “ Where my boo at?”< Right here”
Way to go Red Wings! 4-1 win over the LA Kings -Kristin Burns
Given the rest of the cast of characters residing on Yawkee Way, wouldn't surprise me...
New Machine Turns Zebra Mussel Shells Into Sand – WBAY Green ...
That national anthem felt like it lasted twice as long as normal.
I told this boy that its over....he just doesn't get it
Every moment every smile - priceless RT : : I take comfort that we made him smile.
im down
that is ADORABLE !
don't be like that , tex me .
No Adam, your account is off my list and I have not touched it in weeks. Change all the passwords asap!!
the party dont start til i walk in : )
I MAKE NO APOLOGIZE NOR EXCUSES FOR WHO I AM; I #EMBRACE ALL THAT I AM & #WILL BECOME! THE STRONG SURVIVE!
i tweeted you ! you never replied loll :) imy
srry bout ur voice -Not fun!
FINISH HIM
Only 3 more weeks of school LEFT!!! :)
bummed I missed x-tina. : Someone hose down Angie :)
Finished first ep of new factual series, Off the Grid...
Happy Easter! How wonderful! That's great to here Matt :) We're happy for you!
Finally taking my ass to sleep... Wake me when its dark out again!
Commence GONUTS portion of tonight !
that's great! Merry Christmas!
You can pick anything in life but Love
Thanks for MT!
: Thanks for hosting such an incredible evening with Erin Gruwell of Put shivers down my spine. Inspired.
hearing LeRon McClain signed with KC. Any truth to that?
Is it bad that I sometimes wait to feed my cats because they're extra nice when they're trying to get food?
“:The truth told, vulnerable & beautiful,the true essence of grace on "
Enjoy concerts discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
FUCK HER. Good God this is so fucking stupid.
When you create the transaction next to the "charge" button is three checkboxes "share on venmo, fb, twitter"
I want to bring back the sharktooth necklace
At cosi with my sexy boy
Love that place!
aw what happend to mee nobody talks to me anymore i get 1 follower everyday WHAT HAPPEND TO ME!!!! :'( YALL LIKE MY SIS BETTER FINE!
Omg. Watching Steve Wilkos. This stupid little bitch on this show is making me mad!!
Thanks babe* ": Now followin the beautiful "
Thank you, much appreciated sir!
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
when does bag of money hit iTunes?
Girl behind me on bus: only ur mom cares about your foreign service exam, grad school plans or friends already in the foreign service
thanks for the follow!
“: Everybody talks and everybody listens but somehow the truth always comes out missin” this one of my all time favorite!!!
order online at pizzashuttle.com!
I believe that the niche support can evolve into something larger.
This is going to be a SICK show! Can't wait.
I've gotten to the point that I mainly watch NatGeo and Military channels now.
Researching multi-touch interfaces...
Some coworkers are living with their parents to save money. My family & friends have done it too.
I'm good. Got to go :P Lexi, Taylor, Ella, me and the guys are going to the mall. Bye beautiful!
a street team is a group of people that work together to support peyton and make his dream come true <21
i know what you mean - did notice the bit about the study methodology though. Reliable or no, I could do with less sitting
When are we going to get to see that photo? Can't wait!
Escaping to florida for a week
home dude. We've got a sick patio :)
And coming from you, that is high praise. Thanks Mark.
Holy Christ, a shot from the point on the PP ends it
Compton football hires Jordan asst Brian Burkes as head coach. His OC will be Eric Scott
You can click on a place and see who's there and who's been there, and they are people I don't know. It's a little much for me!
RT : Pics from last night's opening of the Columbus Historical Society and celebration of Cols' 200th Bday. Thanks to all!...
When you try be there for someone who means a lot to you but they dont want you to
Thanks for sponsoring LoveVoodoo's Photo contest this month!
can't wait to meet some #sake ♥ers in 60 minutos. #sakefestpdx goers - stop by vine connections table to taste our boutique ginjo sakes
Bout to kick it with princess Leia and r2d2.
Anybody know what the Hampden fireworks are about?
Finally feelin caught up and everything's lookin good. I'll take it
I hate cigarettes & the smell.
last few hours in #Vegas. Thanks for a great weekend!
Goosebumps just *thinking* of sing "Freebird"
RT : #museumfactmonday: Did you know?– The first flash bulb was developed by GE in 1927.
Retribution Gospel Choir For Her Blood
im surprised didn't let his caddy drive...
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts waiting for the next vote dump to call the race for Charlie Hales, and Jefferson Smith.
Im so hyper & energetic . Or however its spelled :p
what happened to your one direction fanfics?
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying that I approved of it.
You mean because there is no such thing as a holiday weekend for writers? We're always working!
just bought #UnderTheMistletoe on iTunes!
is it worth picking up?
Members of congress clap nervously hoping not to be caught scowling.
Dude.. I'm freaked out. You should get your's looked at ASAP. I'll let you know what she says when I leave there today.
Small habits well pursued betimes, may reach the dignity of crimes
"It's not about forgiving, it's about transcending the experience". Male rape survivor.
Job Seekers: Check out HOT IT JOBS in your area by clicking on the Job Seekers tab at www.tekpartners.com.
Quote if the night ...so far..."you don't have the right to speak in a southern accent"
Excited about #newsroom...love the press, politics and
Please share your winter survival skills with me!
I could definitely be swayed... i'll send you a DM with my EM and you can give me the details?
It is a pause button from the Supreme Court...just a delay.
are we ever gonna see you on 's website!?
cant wait 2 see u in London :) luv ya x
can this week be over already?
Daytime #curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles.
Cannot find a job in NYC, so I joined Twitter to "network" and generally have something else to do besides apply for more jobs.
Get one soon! Lol! Hope to have you back asap! Have a great holiday!
do they know hell was invented in the dark ages?
Oh sure I can fall asleep on the couch but not in my own bed.
I wonder how many of the conditions we asked for we'll get in the QCOM approval! I believe we wanted around 1,000. Give or take.
106 today hot hot hot !! Cool off with a Fresh Frozen squeezed lemon/limeaid BUR!!
Haha I may just have to, and hey at least you aren't the only one awake.
I have sucha nasty mouth I really need to stop cussing it unladylike to me
yeah, somewhere on the marble, it's friiday already...I think I'm pretty safe :-))
I wish you would see me and tweet me something nice...
#icantstandpeople that straight up smell like smoke.
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams? With spirit levels.
It took me a while too. You can't exactly skip a stone from Steve Kurtz to Cy Twombly!
lol no they all copy off eachother. Goodbye.
hang in there, hope it isn't hot.
EVERYBODY GOT JOKES
The #Patriots draft Alfonzo Dennard. He is a steal in the 7th round. Has off field issues
I think I might just go ahead and do one then. xD I need something to do with my madness and energy.
The #BostonMarathon only took me SIX hours! Most people who came had left already! What a star! Congratulate me!
Well, now we know what The Babbling Idiots on ESPN will talk about for the next 2 days.
Two college exams today. Pretty sure I aced them :)
Welcome back the football season!!! New gridiron-inspired Sound Design, and more, up now on #productionvault!
I know why you're doing this.
Another week of European fears?
Wild! I think I'm going to write a paper this spring about aerial photography as anthropological method.
Thanks for following us!
Beautiful, incredible singing today, DV (as usual). Hugs from J & J...
Yeah!! Guess who it is? Next time logout. Love you even though your Josh's hoe<3
plz help me get to follow me...:)
Class Homework Gym Work ... So many things, so little energy 😱
Hey, is the coolest. Recognize.
Tonight at Trapeze: [ATL] Hospitality employees are in FREE! [FTL] Skip the polish tonight- We're doing your nails at the club!
How the f does one get tickets to this movie? I WANT. And in walking distance from arclight! Woo!
RT mad cow disease discovered in CA! PROOF that we need less industrial regulation and fewer consumer protections!!
I was watching the History channel (space related) and fell asleep.
Fucking love converter!
Sucks that I have to work tonight. I'm gonna miss Rupaul's drag race. *sniffle*
Visit this website for more information Ways to Make Money Online
She is, indeed, a BEAST of the highest order. Take good care of her over there in Boston.
Today I'm snagging a few EP's to use as a Stormtrooper bribes in tight situations."This is the record you're looking for!"
thanks so much! :)
we would be honored Breeann!! Can't wait to see it!
OMG, OMG, no more Redline's in the fridge! Ugh... Hm.... Must... Find... Caffeine...
HAPPENED TO HEATH LEDGER AND DISBTURBED HEATH TO THE LEVEL THAT HE WANTED TO ESCAPE THROUGH DRUGS. THIS CAN HAPPEN TO ANY ACTOR WHO
North Korean DVD disclaimer: "copying of this recording prohibited" Is it supposed to be reverse psychology?
Thank you to Debbie, Amber and Olga and for hosting bowl making parties for the AEBP.
how am I SO blessed? Or maybe spoiled? You spoke my love language today. Sweet surprise! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! xo
Brian Dennehy's best role...with the exception of Tommy Boy's dad.
I really wanna grow up, but then yet again I also want to cherish my childhood.
at least we didn't get swept
nice to see you on Twitter!
I have informed the self-centered friend that he is a grade A jerk. And now I shall drink wine by the pool.
This #lockedupabroad episode is something else! People when traveling keep an eye on your carry on!!!!
Lol I think my graduation will be memorable enough without that.
Are you talented? Upload your video and music on Good To Go.com
neither am I!
Man, refund the fans for this game. Terrible.
I'm with When I'm really into something I subscribe via email, not RSS; comes to my inbox if I remember or not
My sleep schedule is just getting worse.
I can be a little too raw sometimes #ohwell #sorrynotsorry :)
have u done the follows for follow friday yet? i hope not cuz i dont wanna miss out like always :( love u so much plz follow
Where do I find the unpublished Beacon?
off to to see The Rivalry !
Froggy Jet flying right now! #FroggyFlyaway to #CMAfest with
Disney Channel Dominates as TV&#39;s #1 Network in Total Day for the 3rd Consecutive Week Across All Target Kids 2-11 ...
uh oh youre on to me!!!! Jk
Favorite 80's rock band?
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. ~Edward Steichen
Meh, it's a long way from your heart.
“: Dear best friends, always remember that when you fall, I'll pick you up. But just "after" I finish laughing.”
I hope it's not in Bernie's Terrace! Bo. I am ready for tailgating too. Money in pocket! :)
either that is very deep, or maybe you should cut your losses and whip up some crepes. Bon Appetit.
#TeamFollowBack I got the second #AmberCole video on my page lmfao she is a smeeze
she leavin u for mayor? RT : The email sent me right now. Just broke my heart.
#uknowubrokewhen you swiping two cards to pay for some bread and juice...times are hard child....
i hope today will be good
What are you reading? We need a book that is that intriguing!
True intelligence is not measured by the degrees one acquires, but by an unwavering commitment to happiness.
yeah it is bruh
Omg! You are so right!! I like those majors! Can't wait to take that in college!!!
People can and do change...it just don't happen very often...
Da worst thing to c is a beautiful women mes sd ing around wit da ugliest guy around
RT : Verizon customer service has been having "unusually high call volume" for 10 years. Congrats, guys!
What do you want/need? :)
LOL The Melby's definitely should come in sometime soon! :)
THIRSTY THURSDAY EVERYBODY! Come on in to Whiskey Chicks and all you ladies will drink FREE from 10pm-11pm...
that song makes me cry. EVERYtime. #mm#loveit 'but you went away how dare you, I miss you.' <<<</3333
but seriously... you should totally lemme know if youre still gonna be in Chicago tomorrow because i will go downtown 4 U
What? You were up here (Detroit)? I've been mia on twitter for a bit. What was happening in Detroit?
Watch for tomorrow's IBTV Inside Peek with Dan Culligan at FoodUSA a specialty cheesemaker in Blue Mounds, WI
Good morning, happy Friday. Just going to clean my apt, w/ help do laundry and other errands. Monday I will start working out at the gym
Haha, its cool! (:
Great, Huge....Tracts of Land? RT : haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
That's so funny!
We're gonna have to come up with a great trick this year, though. The pups always win!
Did you know? Regular massage can help you avoid headaches. Proactively reduce your stress!
My first (but very small) published academic piece will be licensed under creative commons and I still retain rights. What could be better?
When it comes to car-salesParkrose Auto Center is your place, We are among the best for getting a great deal on your vehicle.
twitter guess what im walking a pit
ITS CRAZY HOW OTHERS GET A FASTER RESPONSE THEN OTHERS BUT I GUESS IT'S ALL IN THE WHO CARES FOR WHO THE MOST
congratulations to jay z and beyonce your Boy H
Glad u posted piece about our panel but would have appreciated a tiny shout-out for asking all those Q's myself...
Ah...Finch...sadness:(
it wasnt about golfers! it was about old people. i couldn't hear it, just see it.
having an ongoing conversation with about books i've read that made me cry. anyone want to join in? use:
Man, crappy showing from the Staples Center. Even without seeing the replay, how do you applaud the guy on his way off the floor?
Thats the hardest part RT : Keep it simple
#packers #charleswoodson Green n Yellow!
RT : The 911 is still relatively affordable. Now, 911 Turbo maintenance...911 Turbo is still on my OWN list!
I will take the lead with my honesty, always.
Players of both teams stay inside for the national anthems. Wouldn't want to have to put on a jacket. Classy.
I think there's actually more zombie action in the Bible
So if the show #WalkingDead did a halloween episode, what would that look like?
I dont wanna cause a scene, but I'm dying without your love.
Anne Hathaway is currently in Miami. I repeat Anne Hathaway is in Miami
it takes time, painful time but it'll pass. Oh .. Idk we haven't talked since beginning of high school. loads of NEW info.
I can't seem to log into my secret Twitter account that I use for making fun of people that love me.
Enjoying a beautiful Memorial Day weekend.
Bookmarked! Thanks for the site. I can't wait to rummage through it.
So now you've got leftover #candyhearts and chocolates from Valentine's Day... Make to sure be careful biting into hard candies!
you'll find someone it takes time to find her
Btw, good morning twitter peeps!
"Stretch that skull-cover and smile" - Jack Kerouac. Happy Birthday Jack!
why am i always hungry?!
sold another!
we should be golden then, next week!
always manage to get avocado on my face. it's delicious though. the avocado.
Last night was a great episode! Props to for the win!!!
Think "extension" - automatic if extension filed on time and gives you to 8/15 (I think)...
Thanks to my AMAZING guests & , April was Radio Enso's best month yet!
Heat blaze Spurs melt
They did NOT refer to Marcus Bachman as playing Cam on Modern Family....
“The heart surrenders everything to the moment. The mind judges and holds back.” ~ Ram Dass
I find the idea behind Thea Harrison's next book fascinating. #5 in paranormal rom series revisits couple from
trend follow #MattsChance for updates on the local
Ms. Kirkendall speaks to the LCPS Board regarding the advantages of FLES for native speakers of Spanish and how FACTS not opinions matter.
I bet is watching on her Kindle Fire
Wisconsin remains undefeated on games shown on TruTV
#HELP Hey guys, any of u ever purchase a Petunia Pickle Bottom bag? How is it sold? In a box, bag, w/tags, on a platter? #AYÚDAME THANK U :>
i tweet better than most men, yet can't break 320 followers. glass ceiling!
Pitched a complete game last nite, 7 strikouts, 5 innings, no runs scored!
Spring break cant come fast enough !
That would definitely be hot. I would love to cum over there.
Thanks for the yummy follow!
The extension for routs my request through my U's library, even when I'm off campus. Easy-peasy.
RT : Rossford Police need your help identifying the suspect or van in these surveillance photos. RT to spread the word!...
we are all the grateful for the music you make! I SMILE BECAUSE IM BLESSED TO BE LIVING IN THE SAME ERA AS KMK
Pie pie pie pie pie
I'm gonna buy watch the throne on wax for just so I can watch him shatter it on the ground and set it on fire in his hotel room.
So, they only enforced the restriction on some apps with more than 5 keywords?
Washington has sent four New Hampshire companies to Roxbury, MA, to reinforce the Continentals defending the Boston Neck.
Today doesn't feel like Thursday -_-
I'm falling in love with golf so much I forgot I play football
Love laughing? Tonight is Laugh in a Box, featuring some fav local & national comedians. $10 gets you in & drink specials all night!
cards are here - QR code works perfectly
I'm in the city of today, wall to wall though, probably can't touch base.
Appreciate your quick response! As long as John's name disappears in connection to the story, he'll be happy.
Kastles tennis stadium. Come to the living social event!
“: Ended my school day laughing to kevin hart. #coolazzteacher”hell yea 1st period is the best
loves the Plant Me Pets by as seen in our report about Kids' Gardening!
chyll as day at the bro's house juss sipping on them Corona's!
thank you Tara!! :D that means a lot!!
Follow me cause I really want you to notice me :D
It was just a cool quote I saw.
lets join the army, easy way out ha
Lock it 12m for another Grown & Sexy Slow Mix
Was at a party that served your food on Saturday- amazing!!! Can I please have the recipe for the chard & cauliflower, couscous
Turned the 21" #Weber into an adjustable-height 21" Weber. Should make transportation to vital #Brewers tailgating adventures easier.
Beat God of War.
I'm rollin' somethin' that taste like fruit
Lot's of leftover #easter candy!
I just want to be successful!!! I want 2 B the female hugh hefner please! Its more fun that way 4 sure!
just fyi. I broke a mofo. Obnoxiousness gone...all flowers and rainbows. W/o even a touch. Willpower? Or just P O W E R lol
gonna get those new topsiders at pennys! Their the shit!
thanks for the letter boo!! I love you and your family so much!!
I'll check it out
reading your book for bookclub and loving it! Thanks for sharing your innards with us :-)
I miss my brother :'( x
First day @ work!
check me out on 106&park lmfaoooo
I tend to agree, but I don't mind the endless chrips from my Rangers fan friends. It's part of being a fan.
Hey it's like the movie and tv series, "Friday Night Lights".
Did you get your film in yet? DC-focused films due November 1st! Thats 4 days away!
#guessthesong "This one is for the boys with the boomin' system Top down, AC with the coolin' system.." if you don't get this im sorry
Aha kool, he doing music! Yall should hook up sometime though
thanks you too! :)
Fagin: People seeing science as closer to what it is: a messy but noble process. It's our job to show that as close as we can
I'm so funny!
the are you new to class one lol
"Knock knock!" "Who's there?" "God!" "God who?" "Just kidding, there is no God!"
lucky sir! It's going to be electric in new Orleans afterward
Thanks for the shout out, Tansy!
I am going to search for them if I find I will let you know where and how much.
If I could walk on water, tell you what's next, make you believe, make you forget
Loving Metro Station. I always seem to get into bands after they stop being popular.
It only took me 2 hours but I learned how to tie a legit bowtie a few months ago. Never return to pre-tied!
: wow, you should've said, "no...its #2076"
Our conferencing service dropped a client call. As the Red Queen always says, "OFF WITH THEIR HEADS."
Happy Mommy Day also
I thought I was reading something I tweeted LOL. We got a lot in common
ur such a jocker!..u would think d wade is ur man or sumn...dang :-)
We love you too :-) RT : i had a GREAT TIME WITH AND I LOVE THEM
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
RT : "Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads."_____Henry David Thoreau☺
So I am in and 's stomping grounds today.
Gotten a lot of questions on Trocha vs. Harrell. Harrell makes more immediate impact, but Trocha could be a lottery pick in 2-3 years.
Good Morning #Baltimore! Off to work the youth track meet followed by a double header for team WATF in the league! Lets Go!
wow, and I was just joking when I said it....
You & I would make great sister wives to Betty! Wait... is this getting weird?
shit is too entertaining
Designers need some ver of this: In whatsoever place that I enter I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured, and I will do no harm.
I like it when they have fried avocado... which is all the time. Hal & Als...l'm in.
Senator Byrd was responsible for keeping po's open long after they closed in other states. $8 billion deficit...
believe it or not, #dl10 inspired new needs analysis ideas/inspiration. That's my action post conf.
my blog has been scraped of almost 400 posts is there a way to report a whole blog to ?
Dear coworkers: please do not call me at 5am and ruin my day before it's started. THANKS
don't forget Colts passed on Williams and took Edgerrin James
Back pain affects over 100 million Americans! Get a #massage this weekend to relieve your pain at Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood (505) 922 0202
Drank in my cup <3
Any suggestions for beer/month clubs? Specifically ones that won't just ship me a bunch of west coast stuff I can find in the dumpster?
I would be SO down for that. Set it up!
Kiss of death! Oklahoma Sooners grab No. 1 Spot
only a 12" one.
"you can look at the menu, but you just can't eat.."
Working w on a Pig Dinner for Jan 25! A whole pig menu, can u imagine it? Pig cheeks and pork fat and bacon...
<--- now following(:
lmbo! day bf thanksgiving and nothing in the works...how would you feel lol
Don't ever leave a beer unfinished. There's sober kids in Africa.
Eyes already peeled. If you recommend, I cannot wait to get there.
I so want to go sounds awesome!
love you :)
Hear good things about Shirky's new book.
Sigh. Moving The Confident Introvert blog to a new domain is taking way longer than I thought.
my speakers were going hammer with your music. First time listening to it. I'm down with #RxM movement
sounds cool. make sure you submit it. i noticed it wasn't on the site as of last night.
we r a nonprof that supports public art in SD would love to support the project or document the finished piece DM us an email
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the follow
come out tonight
We answered and offered to meet in person as your convenience. When you have time, please let us know. Thanks for following!
Not strictly. You know whiih IP address they are connecting to, but you don't see the "Host:" header.
All better now. How was it?
hah I wish a ton of people said stuff! :p <3
A1 customer attention from : a little wait, so a free beer, caesar salad. Live in Bed-Stuy? Only pizza joint ()
#TEDxABQ I loved Diana Northup. Mentors have the power to transform lives. We help people find their passion!
I love you so much baby!
RT : Fool an #Aquarius once, they smile but shame on you. Fool them twice they still smile but you gonna get your face beat in
goodnight tweeters!!!
Hi Bethi, I love how you love me loving you and your tweets
So many #5deMayo parties... So little time to celebrate!
In February EFG Creative will be accepting resumes to fill a marketing position. We are currently writing the job desicription, send your …
Low-key relationships last the longest.
lo-tech text mining for the Digital Humanities. Excellent resource: is.gd/XRZtZm
This just in: my belated lunch break will involve a cozy chair, a good book, and a sunbeam located nowhere near my office
<------------- stop bein soo cute:)I WISH I WUD FIND A GUY LIKE U:) plzz follow bck
Ballmer refuses to even attempt to innovate and would rather just run things into the ground.
thanks for the #ff sick about Mo
The Foreigner. Blank Generation. Night Lunch. 2nite.
Cheatin is wrong..but dnt give someone a reason to cheat or leave yo ass
Rick could do it in three......he's just that good....
I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences. ~ Les Brown
And the winner of $150 driving is… (drum roll, please): ! Congrats & enjoy your #getoutandzip trip!
thank you for the RT! God bless!
the wise words of
Taxis are a way of life in NYC and you never know who you might end up sharing a cab with. Tell us about your taxi networking success story.
Great to see you this week, and . You are both such wonderful thinkers and tinkerers. :)
that God raised him from the dead you shall be saved romans 10:9
On my way to class first I have to stop at the starbucks to power up Spanish here I come!
You should come down for my birthday next weekend!
Thanks for the follow - feel free to source content from us and as always - we love referrals.
Homework: define the amazing experience that people will have with your product says at
lol how long ago did i say this?
Or check out so you don't have to repeat.
trust me if praying actually worked, the world would be an even worse place
Feeling congressional. Hard not to get excited about bills that are still in committee, need to take it easy..
Tweet tweet! THUNDER UP!!!
Does a 'Marks-A-Lot' marker, mark any more than a regular marker?
Anybody out try Zumba? Fun!
The Executive Board is off to our Transition Retreat on the coast soon. The Exec. Board-elect will be joining us Sat w/ Dr. Goldrick.
According to SWE’s project manager, (name)...is project manager capitalized?
you dont think ceramic teddy bear is a suitable representation of my self?
Oh and , I miss you too!
ima make your car grind the foor in the future :O
Gonna get my eyebrows done for the first time.
Have the courage to remove a feature. OH: ~"I'm being held hostage by my users."
In "Never Without You", Ringo's heartfelt tribute to George Harrison the guitar solo was played on the record by Eric Clapton.
Reservation made. Hamptons, Maine, Boston - and my dear family - here I come!
Hi ! Thank you for the follow! How is biz? Ready for spring break?
Page Fencing expands nationwide with HubSpot
No idea :( Want me to post it as you? Maybe I can do that as the admin.
followed back
Happy Friday everyone! Don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on iTunes for some weekend music #Pink&Purple
Fina cut my hair !!
Re-watching Designing Dashboards
Deal pushes technology in schools
right, your sentence was 'not clear'
damn!! those look good. craving sweets so I am baking chocolate chip cookies.
New Years Eve Rock & Bowl tickets are selling like HOTCAKES! Get yours ASAP Boston before they sell out!
#BBW I can't take #Evelyn serious at all
sorry if this annoys anybody, but i'm going to earn $1 for cancer. 8
Gosh darn it, purple. Why are you so hard to work with?!
Young men need Fathers!!!
- Amy Wilkins: We have to get much better at acceleration standards for kids that enter behind
Why are all these performances so awful? Is Cube paying all the other groups to perform like crap so 4minute will look good for once?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Accident Southbound I-35 at Braker on the service road
what is favorite rhythm guitar of choice? what's your old trusty you always go back too :-)
yes! Just watched that episode last night... Can't get enough of that show!
we will meet very soon. I've got some ideas on how we can help each other's goals.
You train people how to treat you by how you treat yourself. How are you treating yourself today? From
Taco bell and Adkins should get together on a few topics
First game at edgemont!!
i been working out in the mornings again. feel good afterwards. doing my old football agility workouts.
Hypocrites piss me off
oh wow Zoobrew2012 sounds fun. I may just have to buy a ticket...
What percentage of sun dried tomatoes do you think are actually dried in the sun?
Muller: there's an app for that -- competition for apps to promote development using World Bank resources.
RT Listening to this deep house music while doing coursework like a boss
Had dinner with Andy Smiley, CL Werner, Chris Wraight last night after #adepticon. Was epic and had some great discussions.
RT : my timeline went from hilarious to boring in about 10 minutes >:P
pretty boring friday...
yes, & answer was why focus on one category when talking about an overall fabric?
Aww thanks! So what's going on today?
There is no love without compassion (from my tea bag :)
just keep taking money out of the local economy. That will create jobs.
waiting for Les to say you can go home is even worse.
Hahaha nah, it wasn't about you dude. Totally got confused at first. Stoked to see you there man
if u could go back too any day in ur life what day would u go back too and y????<3
Me “: How many of yall actually go yo CIAA for the games?”
having to find moves at home. weak sauce.
Does anyone watch Baggage?
We will be on Fox59 this Friday at 7:45 and 8:50 so tune in.
Omg!!!!! What a #day #really what a #day #ugh Cereal Bowles
“ Spring break kick off party. Yes we back at it aging them #308boys live in full effect tonight FREE DRINKS. Get at me for info.”
As of this morning, I have applied to exactly one hundred jobs. I suppose that means my chances of getting an interview are increasing? :)
I swear this blunt said light me!??
All weeks it been hot AF && it decides to be cloudy today ?? (￣ー￣)
Might buy a Subaru Outback tomorrow. Too bad The Big 3 don't make a wagon, sans the Cadillac they stole from Saab.
My legislators are so confident in their bigotry that they'll freely admit they denied someone a job due to their sexual orientation.
“: Poor girls who chase after dick .” lmao if they poor they should be chasing Money. Ass Backward Ass Bitches
On my way to Gma's house ...
Pink is a strong woman and if you say she is not then you don't know what she has gone through
u know u rollin bro
that awkward moment where you almost pelt the small family in front of you....
we can relocate to spain & the land of siestas. 1 am dinner=early. Or you can work in tech like I did and think 3 am = normal. Oy.
My babies' paws are tiny
Stomping the last bit of life out of the Cards :D
I wonder if I died.. will anybody miss me? Will they actually come to my funeral?
Melanie is the fastest speaker ever!
Heard about his outfit. Was going to ask you to post a pic. He is adorable.
Every morning coffee puts me in the best mood...but goes down hill from there al day
word. pop music is the bread and butter. everyone needs a soaring chorus.
Making tacos like a bawse *rick Ross voice* uh!
it's a blackhole. Once things reach the event horizon, they lose the abilty to feel. Her camel toe is a singularity.
Their true loyalty revealed: "Nazi Salute Gets GOP Lawmaker Ejected"
“: We have a commitment to care for our wounded, ill and injured and honor those we have lost" We all need to share that commitment.
Is that any more insensitive than calling Clinton "America's first black president"? (BTW, I think both are wrong, personally)
Thanks for the birthday love!
like the idea of cleaning hands before. What do you use at night that is safe for electronics?
Big support for my fellow Nigerian food ball player for the Giant. Hope u win supper bowl XLVI
Yesterday we planned our summer reading programs. What plans do other public libraries have? How do you include adults?
yes you do
Meek Mill - House Party (Feat. Young Chris)
Never looking at L the same way !
love outcomes oriented. We do the boot camp and need more follow-up
yess. i am. ;p gaaaahhhh. im so bored. but i dunt wanna go to school on monday.
why is the popcorn bleeding?!
my alienware m18x arrived. I'm so pumped.
#befoewomengetready they like to get there yells in
Book your rooms for the #balloonfiesta at www.Albuquerque.hyatt.com check out the room packages, hope to see you soon!!!!
oh :D
Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Any predictions? Still rooms available for the huge sports weekend coming up!
According to statistics, 90% girls, saying: "Mom, I now spend the night with a friend, do not even go to bed.
“: me earther, I want to meet them:), I will pass out of happiness!
where are you baby? :(
's family made my night <3 they are funny and movie night was good c: we need to see
The poem of waiting for my tax software to load.
Show Doug that bacon covered cheese fries are always better than gravy covered fries!
Spring is Nature's Way of Saying, "Let's Party!" ~ Robin Williams
it's all good. Keep it real pops!
I "secretly" love when my sister pins baby stuff all over !!! :)
Post on facebook thins: Lms if you have a twitter. If you want followers comment your username. Then we can see.
She was at an event and couldn't make time for us.
A BIG thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show! We will see you next year!
shit, y'all drove right past loretta lynn's ranch and didn't stop? for shame. ;)
is improving supply routes.
remember when we would rap bar by bar when we was pre assigned last year? (':
somebody from west wood do u even stay in memphis
: Jay - "martin, can you put the radio on?" *radio goes on* ... "You cast a spell on me, spell on me" ... Awesome!!!
For the record, I'm still walking bow-legged.
Finally out of the ca and getting ready to eat some pizza at
Not cool bruh....not cool RT ": two years too late LOL"
You sound like a tool. Haha.
Shout out to Fabulous Follows #FF and
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Thanks for linking those docs. Interesting read.
raining at Tulane! RT : People are saying it's raining Uptown. We're still hot, dry, and jealous at Gambit World HQ in Mid-City.
Hubba hubba. I thinks i like the carnivorous you ;)
How am I gaining weight when I weigh 110 pounds lol god one
ha I'm probably gonna cut it again
Come back accepted 😓
It's Friday and the '12 fellows have officially wrapped up their first week in their cities!So many Iconathon possibilities!
Happy Friendship Day Thanks for making me smile!
Na zdorovje! (Heard folks don't actually say that but I've got nothing else. So, congrats! Hope we can meet up before you leave)
Where to go for my next vacation?
#GoLakers. Raja Bell cannot stop Kobe. He's going to need a #drink when watching this game film
Are you going to take Amy Winehouse's personal Twitter page down? Please don't. They have plenty of memories in them for everyone. :(
Laugh now Ima make you cry later!"
not ready to say goodbye to and
Talking on the phone with a great guy ;-)
Im so happy!
#No one cares lollx
Need to put the phone down. He's not gonna text or call. Nothing's going I change....
A huge and sincere THANK YOU to and the team for including me in today's awesome #womcc event. Enjoyed every minute.
"You know guys, I have pretty friends."
Little kid asked my friend for her number
Oh, THOSE people I tell to turn them down. #itstheonesonthesubwayihate #journeydoesntjustifythemeans #THWARTED!
Just got back from the Aurora Bridge, packing up and heading out.
“: New daisy homie on Beale” how much?
Indeed it is! :)
When you need nothing, you will have everything.
my brother is a programmer for Narrative Science. We take sibling rivalry to strange and troubling places.
wow sounds divine!
Luv seeing gasser walk away from bo when he's talking to him. What a brat
told today that the district will have an updated Student Code of Conduct (not policy) to include anti-bullying by July 2012.. Seriously?
Remind viewers that GOTeaParty hate the Lorax and think it's promoting a socialist agenda
Trying to force myself to be creative right now and it sucks. When did my hobby become such a pain in the ass? Woof.
I drink a lot I smoke sometimes but its my life. I'm young not dumb I just do it for fun. don't worry bout me I'm just living free
The disappointment you had when you found yourself
I have more song ideas than time. Not a bad problem to have, actually.
I know lol! And the bookshelf is no longer above the bed, nothing is!
You can catch me in the back with a pop trying to get the high score.
sounds relaxing
Model challengers, DIY edu, analytics...Baer's trends to watch.
#Costco has gone WILD for Christmas... Suddenly wish I had 12 kids and a uhaul
i've been exiled to take the bus... like are you serious parents, why do you all hate me!?!?!?!?
#fitness Community let's hear from you! What's you favorite motivational quote to get you through tough workouts? Help someone today!
Great panel lined up at #LVIMA....so excited!
have a safe flight <3
Have mercy and compassion for animals..Unite and Change the Lifestyle..Vegan is the way to be!!!!
thanks for the shout out! Don't forget
Don't fall for Satan's stupid temptations. Run to the father and hide under his wings! Glory to God Forever!
The #naisac12 video is dominated by accomplished men and mostly, white men. #inclusivity ?
Disaster for Fox ... Embarrassing for UFC.
Thank you! Love that clean code that you do :)
I'm thinking about runnin to get some
& just hooked me up w/#KrushGroove tickets! I'm in there excited to c & more! Happy B-Day 2 me!
So sad I have 2 presentations tomorrow-cant finish reading tonight :(
Your So Amazing Austin.
I wonder what is cookin' for his 40th birthday. Also I wonder what pie he'll have for dessert
I am a Vegan Nazi and that is all there is too it!!
12 minutes of basketball.....
#Peyton going to the #Broncos huh... That means #Tebow is going somewhere else...maybe to the Jags, we shall see.
We have 16 weeks of class and 1 week of exams per semester.
If you buy your tickets before the presale ends on 9/5 you get $5 off your ticket!
“ (phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought u were someone else!!" -.-”
Love the name of your tea house ... from my favorite movie & name of my first car, which certainly played a great deal of Pumpkins!
It was fun, we just really went to get our membership kit and hit the record store today. Love it!
Have no fear fair weathered friends! Next Saturday, we'll be mobbin in the 80's.
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
"NOBODY'S PERFECT" "LEIGHTON" "OH"
Today marks the start of one of the few things that really matters in life and I don't know what I'd do without it.
Beautiful wrist shot by Patrick Kane. Can't help but enjoy the Blackhawks.
Thanks for following! Cheers!
the Voice is ON - and Rae Lynn is on as well!
Glad u & the family are enjoying your visit. My family luvs going up to Amelia & Fernandina - so nice, but never been to the R-C
of course! I did go to PUNahou.
Spare me the lies, my hearts heard enough. <3
I want u to come here!
‘French people are Italian people in a bad mood.’ - Cocteau
- great way to keep track of the installation dates for warranty purposes.
In fairness to Vince Young, he didn't specify what type of Dream (Team) he was referring to...
No, it's not okay. Ask Terp. She'll explain precisely why it's not okay to let people steal from you like that.
This might be the best day of college basketball outside of NCAA Tournament. Games all day, and most of them are close
For quality mixing and mastering Holla Vicksburg Mississippi certified with a degree
I haven't taken a language class so I don't know that much. xD
Nothing says summer quite like a watermelon! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
Kewl! That means I can party hard tonight and not have a hangover because tomorrow is cancelled!! :)
So happy with the way that the jury just went on #DesperateHousewives 😄😄😄
Bitch! You change boys like your facebook statuses #REALTALK!
we never talk thats y
How about Simoneau making College Football HOF. Cool for the Redmen!
And the bigger the headphones, the cooler it was.
Meow. Frustrating morning ;; gonna go back to sleep
Krispy Creme on the way to school , now I'm in a good mood [:
Whoohoo! RT : Looking forward to seeing this Sat in Indy! Have to represent the love give us!
yeah that shit won't let me be ignorant when I want to be lol😔
first goal was offsides...the second, well....
<---- #shoutout ! Thanks 4 the follow I
Thank you all for the #charitytuesday mentions yesterday!
Unions had their place in American History to protect the worker, but those days are over. Unions are now destroying the American economy.
. was gchatting me from China. I said "subjugation of liberties." Then her internet instantly cut out. Coincidence?
Lost half my thumb/thumbnail into my pasta dinner. Microplaned it off with the parmesan. While watching 30 Rock.
only for a little
Meet Wealth Mmgmt ★ in #Chicago! Investment Portfolio & FIN Plng Analyst. Will give 200%! Excel Expert.
Music Monday, what's everyone listening to today?
Gonna miss the friendly faces of MSCD.
Really starting to figure out that less really is more.
I'm trying not to remember it at all! cbus for st. patty's day be here or be square, spread the word!!!
Having a healthy breakfast is a good way to start your day.
i would love to audio battle someone..Track for Track and go 15 Rounds (15 Songs per Artist)
Haha nice, I know a few of those peeps, they're rad.
RT Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great. Mark Twain
Happy Thanksgiving! at work...but got to spend time with some very selfess volunteers delivering holiday meals
! Gas-X with Maalox Extra Strength Chewables Anti-Gas Plus wild berry
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, fresh Arugula Salad, and while supplies last Banana Split Beer! Enjoy.
Ugh... Anxiety!!
The keyboard and trackpad holder I just got from Bullet Train helps. Now for a better chair.
Overtime... Oh great...
When someone doesn't reply to something personal..... awkward 
Dude, you're not just a whistling dixie! How 'bout lunch someday? Do you eat food in the middle of the day?
follow back :-)
Yes, and if Nat had been born 11 days sooner, we'd have been "Irish twins." Now she looks ten years younger than me, the snot!
S/o to for being the hottest sophomore at Glen Este's prom 😘
Spring break seems to be breaking my children. Nothing major, just frequent, small injuries.
ready for today to be over!
Last night, Misty A. won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway? What'll we give away tonight? Tune in 7 & 7:30 to find out!
He sealed my pardon with His blood. Hallelujah, what a Savior!
Sometimes I just want to put my finger over the lips of dumbasses and just say "Shhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Off to bed... could talk to you girls all nite love ya! &
Power! Amazing only one light popped on. Pretty sure Josie tried every switch earlier "just in case".
Looking forward to #heat #bulls tonight !!!
I look like a fag.
Welcome 2 the growing consensus hub
3 more months until I'm 21 is this real?
The Academy Awards and Center Stage (the movie) are tearing me apart! Should I eat? Should I work out? Should I do both while watching tv?
chilling with the bra
I'm high lol
Congratz to American duo Kuchar and Woodland on winning the World Cup of Golf event
May be crazy but does Matt Barnes of ebrary have an uncanny resemblance to Colin Hanks?!
Really swinging gig last night with ( & ). Looking forward to more in 2012! www.artjazztrio.com
aww thank you , you are the best!! <3
I have terrible news! Hamilton is closed tomorrow :(
lol quite well
Whole side of my face num
Hockey Playoffs start tonight!!!!! SO excited. But so mad I can't drink until Sunday!
I know. I thought the headline was going to be a "Strawperson" argument. Nope. Totally straight-faced.
Thanks to expedition funded by , Saturn V rocket engines (#Apollo 11: first man on the moon) found in Atlantic (14,000 ft. down).
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” we'll see how bad y'all want it.
my account has been hacked please excuse the random msg's dont report me ill fix it thanks!
aw, what a cute photo!
Broncos: Matt Flynn available. Buy low, sell high.
UM HEY YEAH CAN I LIKE HAVE YOUR EVERYTHING?? YOUR GONNA BE LIKE ONE OF THOSE GIRLS THAT MARRIES THE BOYS
In OT its not about who scores the goal, it's who makes the first mistake.
Trying to determine how long it takes for a tweet to get to a follower's phone after it's tweeted by following this account from my other...
If you believe in love*.*
Some days are just better with a bacon cheeseburger!
I know.
what the heck is that ?!
honesty is the best policy
Completing an application 10 minutes before it is due. That's how I roll.
Whether or not it's "a bit of a project", ANY recipe on your site is worth doing
RT : On my way to church....to see my brother become a better person.....
Luvin this weather! Stay like this please!
If the new Punk'd is hosted by justin bieber then I QUIT
Is it okay that I vehemently do not want to be at work today when I have a sick little guy at home needing my care? Ugh.
Video soon to come! RT : We hear the may have pulled off another flash mob.....
i'm conserving it so I can get a better scan which will aid the translation. French writer, writing in German makes it 'fun'
More and more reasons that remind why I'm ready to leave this place!
Great for you! Congrats Lee. Miss working w/you!
My gut says Kendall Wright.
Yes! "Resources" is soul-crushing too.
