Blonde Moment: What exactly does "I've got the moves like #Jagger" mean? Who is this Jaguar anyway? He must be quite popular.
Forgive....baby girl!
joe munz omg I fucking love him
thank you!!! is the awesome & talented actor & director of BFF, make sure to follow this guy!
Hey, thanks! We have a lot of fun. You're neat too!
Billy Crystal looks like old Charles Foster Kane
It's your choice: you can be right or you can be the bigger person.
I have over 20 of his books! He's 1 of my favs. I went to his #BeTheChange conference a few yrs ago. Have you looked at his history
Free Sandwich time
Hey! You never answered my question! Is is possible to tear down your entire city and start all over again? Mine is just MESSY!
won again. Well done woman!!
Our destiny is to build on the legacy...
I've missed that sugar!
She cuts herself. Not to deep, Just enough to feel the pain..
The lakers destroyed the cleveland cavs (jv college team) in a 50+ pt margin win to extend their streak to 5! HFM NFL predictions up tmr!
when it rains..it POURS... and nun of your so called friends/gf/bf/ brings an umbrella
R.I.P to my little brother Mickey. You left us too soon but you are still our beacon of light for strength and guidance.
rapped up in a bunch of blankets
how I wish I were there. All amazing songs!
Hey your SSL issue.
I can't believe the media harps on any political woman's fashion~
That would be amazing. ♥ Happy New Year Ariana. ♥
Err, DownThemAll. Then question is... where / how to post?
It's kinda like how I bought MS Weddings for like 2 years before we were even engaged.
It's bout to be a long morning, thinking bout the check, I just wanna sleep
yeah im gonna go :) are you?
Decking myself out in green and gold as we speak. =)
is a coward!
Hi! What charity are you planning on donating to for the fight against Autism?
RT : Ability to be generous comes from willingness to be vulnerable. - Steve Sjogren
Just gotta say....damn you're hot.....
Since when can asians grow facial hair?
I'm always a big deal, you should know that by now haha jk jk but thank you sir I appreciate the love
Wow a trophy from I wasn't prepared, & don't have a speech ready. Id like to thank all the ppl...hey Kanye gimme that back!
yes, quite a few
def will be home for Thanksgiving
RT : 18 and doing well! No babies, two jobs, in school, own apartment, and most of all JESUS. ~ Very mature for 18! Congrats!
Thanks for the follow - we work with Y Gen entrepreneurs
that the mid-west for you
Justin Bieber And Carly Rae Jepsen Just Don't Take Their Lyrics Literally - Popdust
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease.
trueethatt “ he's already famous tho, he don't need to come back ^__^”
I just don't see how all this biology I'm studying has anything to do with my life
follow me??? Porfaa ;)
Had encouraging convo w/one of my mentees today. She got an important phone call today. Hope it blossoms into a job.
If I've learned anything from working in Birmingham it is not to expect anything from anybody.
The Saints franchise is falling apart before our eyes but for some reason still hasn't signed its franchise player. Makes sense.
Nigerian scammer is stalking me.He's "Vexatious litigant":He abuses the system.He demands I work for him 4 free.Can't get rid of him. HELP
Just Arrived... #Mushroom Starter Kits. We have #Oyster #Shiitake and and #WineCap Peg Kits! $15.00-$19.95 per kit!
Hahaha I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no... (but just to be sure, what's your dads business? Lol)
resolutions...why my own conclusions...resolution...conclusion...well it makes me feel smart
oh same here, screww that. haha i was on the outside of the auditorium chillen wit landon and some preps.
I can't tell if Wendi Nix is hot or not. Very weird.
Responded to FIRE @ 78 Phelan Court, Troy, NY 12180 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
u doin it like that with two twitts that's what I'm talking about follow my company
Are people really successful at renting out their homes when they don't provide pictures?
absolutely!Especially since TMZ reported the story like 4+ hours ago and said that producers were insisting on the save
My baby is moving.. #crewlove no matter what!<3
Getting crazy w/the cheese whiz
Took breaks from family time to do work this weekend, creating a much nicer balance than if I'd done it the other way around.
it's a metaphor Hawthorne goes to repeatedly
join the club...
Is it over yet?!
happy wkend all!
Great move. Song at the end is the best!
ugh I so need to go shopping ! so over due!
in museums. The real question is do you know of anyway to locate someone down to the level of a gallery, not just the building?
So surprised to see snow in my backyard this morning
i'm a woman aka master of #reversepsychology ! Talk to you tomorrow afternoon!
I'm looking to read 'city/urban gardening' blogs! - the boy and I just bought herbs&wildflowers. Any suggestions?(Live in Boston.)
you are welcome!
“: New color for bridesmaids White!” #Milwaukee brides: What's your take? Truth is, it's tradition!
Nice performance at the Latina 15th party!
Keep making us Packer fans proud!
Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
what did u hear?
Great day of writing with ole and catchin up with some friends. Over 90 degrees in the ville, gonna soak up the sun!
Open the winda its startin to smell like that Ganga
I cant find any shorts....
Headed out to Occupy Our Homes DC.
hey i have been reading your fan fiction when is part 6 and 30 gonna be up your a great writer xx
I've spackled! Let the painting begin!!! New color = new energy!
so this happens in nyc?
I'm hanging out with tonight!! Getting my dance on!!!
Glad the Vice President came to visit Columbus today - NOT glad that it took me 2 hrs to get home due to road closures to get him thru city
lol very true
cool beans. Loljk why?
16 & 17 y/o's can be poll workers, too. Must have a 3.0 GPA & permission from parent AND school. Email for the 411.
cc: RT : first thing I did as a 30 yr old was wake up at 7am hung over and trained 2hrs of jujitsu! Fuck you Time!
Amazing! We all knew she would beat it but it took a warrior princess 2 ensure it happened. Love you guys & Rita
Congratulations to the New York Fury and on their WPSL Elite victories today!
hit shit up,
“: Aw that's so cute, you wrote in French =D ♥ Happy belated birthday to your father :)))” thank you!!
everything is not a shock tweet. just bc you like something, doesn't mean that everyone else is going to like it.
hm this would be great but...what about the DAMN SEAGULLS! hahaha Hi Sis- miss u n luv u-talked to Karl in Dec. sounds good
dying of curiosity to know what you ended up doing? That is one crappy situation.
's debut album was the very first CD I ever bought back in the day. Baby was my jam!
Auto racing: Late charge lifts Greg Pursley to victory for a Utah Grand Prix three-peat
she's a web developer that gave a talk tonight.
Several people can make me smile...but nobody's been able to do it like you have 😃😊
About to watch 35 & ticking with my mom.
take care I had the flu shot Monday and slept the last two days
I am ready to come back any day. They try selling the boiled peanuts up here but it just isn't the same.
We say this a lot, but I don't see how there could ever be another act as uniquely cool as the Beastie Boys. RIP and ya don't stop, MCA.
Thanks. Enjoyed it as well
hell yes dude.
Not following someone that hates me
glad you had fun!
Jack Bauer is back on the new Fox show, Touch. Seems really interesting...my kind of show.
Quick way to clean out your car: blow it out with a leaf blower. #Free #Idea 41912
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
Party in hollywood tonight free booze shooting a music video who's down?! Message me for details
FHS Powercats and their Alliance teammates, NDHS Honey Badgers, fell in Round Two of the Semi-Finals, 75-53. There will be a Round Three.
Back atcha! My fave session was probably buzzworthy topics. I also loved author and keynote. You?
RiRi is just a bit too much...this is getting old.
< The people in my class. Majority of them are stupid, immature, and hideous. -.-
When I start tripping over every small thing, that’s how you know I’m attached
*My Kitty stay wet plus she sweet like suger and smells like roses ;).
Take a microscope to your processes to find macroscopic potential
I recently tried your coffee because of your sample giveaway and it's delicious! I will be buying it! :D
allergic to the bullshit
skim milk in that latte? check it out at www.susanefine.com
Keep your head held high. That's all I keep telling myself over and over right now.
Who will have a better career Mark Ingram or Ryan Williams?
Double success surprises area racquetball player
I pictured Katniss as more Ellen Page, though Jennifer Lawrence played the part quite well.
How the hell do u know whats going on out here in the streets? Since youve been in congress how much pussy have you brought?
Just came from my high school reunion. If I could talk to my high school self I'd tell me to calm down. That is just not a big deal.
We had a great time with the Blackford County Republican Party tonight. We enjoyed hearing Rep. Stutzman speak.
I'll be on KUSI Ch 9 "Good Morning San Diego" at about 7:20am this morning to talk about efforts to help small businesses in San Diego.
Sorry if you already covered this, but can you say a little about what you mean by "archaic pop"? Diff. from #BAM or a part of it?
new twitter name ---> Alex VanWaggon #;)
Clinton in Beijing: "we believe that all governments do have to answer to citizens’ aspirations for dignity and the rule of law."
Awesome! It's expensive to live in this city.
humble is important. It is so sad. he is shell of who he was. it is important to stay on the ground and human in the heart
The mom from That 70's Show *and* the current Secretary of Energy. Not bad!
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn? A Moles Royce.
he said we might head over to ben wilds house, and he'd hit me up.
I will be working...I am always working! Lol
#PARKAtlanta gives more tickets than the PD. Sad, really sad.
Reading is Fundamental; Writting is optional!
The fact that follows mee makes mee so happy
If u talking bout the Highlands in Hollywood and you didn't hit me up, Ima be Hot! Haha! Man didnt kno Nipsey was performin!
looking forward to seeing you both in April!!
Food trucks have worked. Next -- mobile barber? Need Beatnik Barber downtown.
Its coming Pam!
May 14. #nycmer2012 so excited, I seriously love museum shoptalk
Dear student-please accept that! : Dear student: Is that really your grade? Why, yes. Yes it is.
I feel bad for Texans. They were hoping to get rid off that governor down there but he is back.
lol well, its midnight/ball is over for this cinderella clucker. lol lets talk tomm.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens May 18th, 2012 (limited) The documentary-like story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the
omg, yus. You're gonna be one of my bridesmaids.
ridiculous. "open research" is so much less discussed and defined. Will get this sorted...
- I'm sending my wife and son!! - Hope you enjoy the show
thanks for following, Elyse! Hope you're doing well! :)
Peyton Hills is a monster
Unerve the nerve, youre nervous, nervous that I'm right.
#greys didn't Meredith flunk a major end of season exam once?
#NHL regular season is a joke cause home ice advantage is useless, so what is the incentive? Current playoff system provides no rewards.
Picnic in the park!
if anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
"Just win, baby!" -Al Davis.
2012 Texas Longhorn Football Team Entering Stadium | Team USA ...
Tomorrow's project, shoot only with the Holga HL-C (except for the one commercial shoot).
I saw that 'Emily Osment is awesome' was worldwide trending a few hours ago and i think that our TV Show is doing a nice job!
The building of human happiness friendship builds the wall, and forms a dome of love.
boy i feel so weak, the drugs i did lastnight, i will never n life do again!... Troooooooooof
Get a free report of real estate market conditions at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
I'm having fun 😘😍....by myself hahaha
Ginger, devastating effect
Overwhelming evidence of witness tampering fraud and other crime at Countrywide says #Ridenhour whistleblower Eileen Foster
I am going to buy an 80's song on iTunes at 3:30 PM and listen to it on repeat until 4:30 PM. What should it be?
says only 16 days 'til the Lobster Shanty opens for the season in Salem! Can't wait!
whose your college football team?
Can it be wednesday yet, i want to go to san francisco already :(
My man!
Sabrina & I will be set for life if they come out with the glow-n-the-dark lotion that is flavored.God! We would have sex every minute then
who do u want to win the super bowl??(:
#rochmn Retired Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra harpsichordist Layton James plays with the RSO tomorrow concert 2 performances!
.!++~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
if you want tix for the show, let's meet up tomorrow
Almost done with work for the week. 2 hours to go.
Ambition is putting a ladder against the sky.
Wzup everybody? Been off twitter but on my $$ ...I probably missed a bunch of good stuff.
We're getting excited for Fashion Week ... bringing out the spring style in celebration!
#aims CREW workshop at SAA 2011 sponsored by the AIMS gang is spectacular. Three hours in, everybody is wide awake.
Man spin class done kicked my ass!!! So tired and sore, I need a big time massage hint hint lol
Obama reveales his true self time and time again: anti-marriage, pro-abortion, anti-religious freedom, big government power mad politician.
what's the turnover for the CD's. how long? thanks
US House of Reps. shamefully passes #CISPA draconian anti #freedom bill to spy on Americans #Obama must VETO!
The Lydia Loveless show at Knuckleheads tomorrow (Wednesday) is CANCELLED. Hackensaw Boys still playing.
Fall registration will shut down from 6/1-8/1 for New Student Orientation.
Happy cinco de mayo followers!!!!!!!!
Doing some gardening this weekend? I sure am! What were the gardens called that close to 20 million Americans planted during World War II...
She wore an ittsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka dot bikini that she wore for the first time today. Lol
sophie and rosie are to adorable!!
I love people whether they appreciate it or not #Love is just natural warmth and #radiance. #Angels are the same way, the just love because.
CONT. The Pyramid w the eye has connections w #Satanic #ILLUMINATI and #Celebs. #THIS IS TRUE
I think God and Mother Nature are smiling down on all the Wisconsin Moms today. Beautiful weather out there today!
Lol! Yogurt it is! :D
Great reference for #tarot novice and enthusiast thank YOU
Friday needs to hurry up!! Can't we just skip thursday??
We had a fantastic evening! And got some fun photos from the photo booth. Thx!
They should only know what the ROCKER guys do. Now you want a corrupt bunch...
and fox news! Lol
spiderman 2 stole the plotline from superman ii... but it wasn't nearly as dramatic when spidey gave up his powers...
'Thank U. Look 4ward 2 having u back!" Ward's HOP did not disappoint. Good food & attentive service. Will return.
Right now is anger. Denial just got off the phone.
Has anyone ever made an album of bitchy response songs to crappy popular love songs? Because I would listen to the shit out of that.
Nice. Get it sis
we both chose the Princeton Record Exchange in that Paste article. TWINS!
Or 5 mins for every tweet RT or computer RT : I need phone powered by stationary bike!
Just read the news...my condolences, Rolf.
FF Philly greats
Had to make a quick appearance on twitter. I'm really trying to get better lol
never been there :p ahaha
happy birthday beautiful xx
Few free fruit flies fly from flames.
RT : Systems change is a long term process. Funders should play the role of holding the work together.
I thought already made one
Two Central teams in the #NLCS and no East in the #ALCS =
At MarineMax we work together as a team. That's where our strength comes from as a company. With 56 stores we are one team working together!
Just finished cleaning up the trash in my neighborhood....I feel really good about myself now :)
“: Brag time on #fitblog I cut 5 minutes off my 8.0 mile time” Woohoo!!
can't wait to hang out!(:
your going to!
Sub for 4th block :)
Thank you! We think so too:)
I'm following Andrew Breitbart on Twitter. What is the proper etiquette when the person dies? Do you un follow the person?
Late time drinking a cold one and listening to tunes with trav for a while
Lets meet some where so i can kikk you
Prep baseball >
Kerry Wood could be head to the DL.
Change in poet for today, but not to worry. Tera McIntosh plays football for Pittsburgh Passion, which is pretty much amazing and awesome!
Good luck tonight - GO TIMBERS!!
My car has begun to sound exactly like the smoke monster
I want a fucking drink
no you dont and i be quiet as a Mouse :)
Everything happens for a reason guess this wasn't are season
BBQ Beef Sandwiches for FREE LUNCH Today :0'Clock
Well maybe you should rest your eyes for a bit now, since your gonna be up all night! lol!
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Dallas! We return favors!! :)
About to board a plane for Buffalo for a week of recruiting. When in Buffalo what do u eat?
I'll send you a pic of my new bf the one he sent me cause we were fighting and all and he wanted to remind me with a sad face
yea I held out for this one. It's crazy fast
I wanna be on TMZ Live...... WHat is the number to call?
At seaside kickin it but the beach in Amariahs car
I already knew it .. It will never be the same ..
#stm2012 how I publish papers by William Jackson, he uploads papers & schedules a full work day for formatting & uploading
#NextIronChef does anyone else find the door noise to the judges room extremely annoying?
Just landed in Good Ole Rocky Top!! #welcomehome #StaffMeeting2012 = a success!! :)
Soros is the biggest criminal, behind the failures of all EU markets. The rich Hungarian is determine to ruin our country!
University Of Southern California .
& he don't even care.
haha i was goin to give it a try & talk to my self on here i was tempted to do it
you have never tweeted me. But I love you and can't wait to see if your single becomes big here in the USA! I hope :)
RIP Nate Dogg.
- plus im super sad that those kids are graduating now...WHAT?!?! Can anybody say "Im gettin old"?!? Geesh. Miss yall!
Drinking Bacardi Razz and playing Black Ops.
Words are only painted fire; a look is the fire itself. M.Twain / this guy knew what marriage was like
i didnt eat that junk… saw the pic and thought you all would like since you consume such vermin
Today's sucha horrible fucking day ): one of the worst in awhile i'm so stressed.
My pleasure! We had such a blast today! RT Have fun! Thanks for celebrating #WorldWishDay with us!
Do you think Brittany Griner ever gets dressed up and goes out to dinner? I bet she would look weird
What am I gonna do.?
"On the road again" Willie Nelson
glad to see Rip Hamilton rolling tonight.
where you going in that thing girl? Picking me up? ;)
Congrats on 3M followers! Maybe you should do a twitcam about it? LOL. (: xx
omg those look so yummy and cute : )
Spread the word folks! Groupon is featuring a great deal for us til Wednesday! Spread the z's
So kind! Hope you have a great 2012
We're excited to already begin working with truly local businesses!
Beyonce is beautiful but #1? Can we say media saturation? or would have been my pick :)
thanks 4 the follow and 4 everything you guys do for ICONiacz! We wouldn't survive without you and ! LOL
The first three people to respond get free tickets!
#Freshmanyeartaughtme I get along with sophomores & juniors more than I do with freshmans.
It's a big change (especially weather-wise, it's 90 today), but exciting (#Masters) and I'll still be tweeting plenty about Wisconsin sports
I saw you
USA vs. Jamaica Sunday 12:30pm on Fox Soccer Channel- Gold Cup Quarterfinals
Damn sorry to hear that... Yeah luckily it charged our card so we just called and they sent our confirmation.
RT I play with my boobs while driving. I live dangerously. >that's something new lol
Where's the pic?
- Sure thing, no problem! I also started following you on Soundcloud...I'm danielson06 on there.
ya that might be something scary
#FF let's get him to 50K followers for his birthday
Watching Frozen Planet on Discovery
Getting ready to take the stage at Grim's Roadhouse...!
norton anthologies are good. What do you mean by comprehensive?
Big Playa hug headed your way!! :-)
thats what Im TALKING ABOUT ! xD...ohh and Please ;D
thanks for the warning. RT
now don't get crazy!
Thanks!! You too are one of my favorite twitter peeps.
I'll try to remember! I have to find you on the cruise! Are you going to be in Miami the night before?
I agree that is crazy smart!
Oh...who...lives in a pineapple under the sea...
gotta get me some :-)
come to California and I'll treat you to Burrito awesomeness
Happy to have President Obama in Ohio. Glad my kids will see him.
What a great staff at the Mill Top Banquet and Conference Center! Thanks for helping us out today :)
Disney, ‘Avengers’ $hoot for boffo box-office take
Sucks for Kyle Orton. Finally gets into a game a bam....broken finger. Buh-bye.
RT : And I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young And I’m only getting older so somebody shoulda told ya
My dad IS the dad from wizards of waverley place.
that's okay, I'll visit iA! Glad you're enjoying my livetweets. Trying to stay occupied lol
I'm on the bacon and cheese diet, I'll let you know how that works out for me... assuming I survive the heart attack.
I WANT A #NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIP RING!
If you could chose one Disney vacation, which would it be...Disney World, Disneyland, Disney Cruise or Adventures by Disney?
we can link up this weekend!
is the online magazine created by Jane Pratt of Sassy/Jane magazine fame.
I'm done with Samsung phones and Android. Bought an iPhone today. Wish I could say I'm going to miss Sammy and Android, but I can't.
Is that hair on one of your dresses... Wowza
Awesome I can buy you a drink when we hit a game together. I know we will get carded cuz we look way too young. Lol
well I'm naked under them
HA! this bitch
I love : Digital Archiving and Preservation
I am going through ATL too. Maybe we are on the same flight
Awesome performance tonight.
Spring Carnival tonight with Sara and Britany... It's gonna be so much fun!!! :D
haha on my other account I'm my name Misti an beside it I'm Park Min-Hyo in hangul an I def don't look Korean
From now on, whenever I think of Christophe Esposito, I will think of Red Bull
Hey I just wanted to say that you're an inspiration and I love you!<21
Running till I black out
good to be back.
No Matter Where You Go, You Are Who You Are!
Its almost that time for 2012 to arrive...it was a great 2011 for me and 2012 will be even a greater...
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together. It is not an easy thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
Finally won't have to deal with the shit talking from Capitals fans now.
thanks for the follow. Beautiful tableware.
haha, your to much to handle . Your the best! #JerseyShore still starr struck from meeting I as
When I woke up this morning I did so with a renewed sense of purpose. I determined within myself that no matter what I will succeed!
o wow I'm really scared
how would you feel about donating one of those books to a fundraiser in July? for Sugar Cereal Productions!
My bed is calling my name
aw thanks<333
Just picture that first glass of wine tonight. It's close.
Being rude is not my thing. That last tweet was out of rage.
RT : Spoke with cop friend yesterday who loves #OccupyWallSt. "Overtime guarding harmless kids is paying my mortgage."
#SpiritLance is a book about a young #NativeAmerican boy finding himself trying to protect the #Galaxy.and so are his friends.
whats happening tonight ?!
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online. Esther
way to beat Pats is getting pressure with 4 man line and re-routing small receivers, no one has or can do that yet this season.
yeah that's pretty easy to do..
tommorow going training ?
I've seen The Avengers three times this weekend. I may have one more viewing in me before I'll be ready to let it go till BluRay.
I love that we're so early we can check out the before the It's gorgeous out!
Beautiful day in Portland. Love this city!
Lies “ Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!”
Last dinner before hubby gets back from his trip, everything he hates, kedgeree and chard!
The best strategies are blended. . But it's important by designing sites responsive to all platforms: mobile, tablet desktop.
thanks, I hope you have a great week.
Ah, so every time you get on Twitter, you automatically type "Ninjew"?
Cyprus? Nice!
-insert inspiring Michael Jordan quote-
I just had a wtf moment when I accidentally hit "follow" on someone I def don't want to follow...
My daddy salty af downstairs lmfao
« She said no one is perfect. So now to me shes no one:)» Cute :D
followed. Follow back?
did i get that right? is farmville, like, the most-played popular game ever.. on FB or everywhere?
SNAP, CRACKLE, POP!!! Gearing up for "Patriotism in the Park". Hope to see you there on July 4th @ McIntire Park in C'Ville.
True friends stab you in the front.
LoL, Ah No
New trending word: #Grexit. (The time when Greece is leaving or thrown out of the Eurozone). What's next? #Spanxit?
Twitter is really only fun after dark when all the wannabe celebs have had too much to drink.
So glad I'm off tomorrow.. much needed..
I sense a margarita in my near future.
Grappling tournament
cool!! I'll be leading worship!
fun! Ill meet ya for a pop. Going out for a friends birthday. What r Jr plans tonight?
Rice doesn’t produce as much gas as other carbs. Good news if you have plans with friends.
I need to leave the room!
Epitome of frustration: watching my father try to register his Starbucks card. He's been trying to do this for three days. Not even kidding.
It was good to see you a couple wks ago.. everyone follow this great pastor!!!
Me; "I think Justin Bieber is single now" Paige "no, wait i can date him now. HELL YES". The kids i babysit tho >>>>
Great time at fundraiser for in DC. Good cause, and I won fee tix to !
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation! Still looking for a DJ? To Book DJ On1 for your party email
tweeting you in the middle of class! I feel like such a rebel :) but it's worth it I love reading your tweets!
Take that Crosby, you lipstick-wearing pile of shit.
Students think of core curriculum as "the shots they get before going into the foreign country," where they get bachelor's
oh no. . .666 followers, kind of ominous. . .
Writing screenplay "Go The Distance" inspired by my life story as a homeless child becoming a doctor. Indianapolis Star News by Tim Swarens.
very exciting!
Occupy Wall Street planning 2 protest collection at #nyfw. Srsly? We don't even know if it's terrible yet!
": Lots of anecdotes in #Madison suggest #Barrett heading for sweep. Will #KathleenFalk lose her own county, as she did in 06?
Yeah is jumping up and down about winning that book
do you work tomorrow? Does it work tomorrow?
Uh, I'm here too - with Cassie in the balcony!
I don't think you'll fit in mine, but maybe you could pass as a lap child? can you bjorn nora onboard?
Headed to the #PhilaFlowerShow tonight! At least I can pretend it's Spring outside while I'm inside for a couple hours
Okay I got it: 200th follower gets a drunk-dial where each of us do our rendition of Ice-T's monologue from "Mama's Gotta Die Tonight."
Tired as shit just got in from illumny practice. Bout to hit the shower and fuck up these tacos! !!!
And why are kids at the mall on a Monday afternoon at 2 PM?
So close yet so far away
breaking dishes!!!
What in the fuck. What the actual fuck. 😡
One of our #MomInspired party people is about to win a Gift Bag! Are you ready?
feel better! My husband is going through the same thing right now.
Wentworth as chancellor of Texas A&M? Let's hope not.
: almost did when i seen the bride..shes beautiful n glowing
I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS CRAZY, I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS NOT ME! I WANT I WANT I WANT TO BE LOVED BY YOU......
All these celebrities in the H tonight tho 
Those late night conversations with that person.. >>>>>
This rave on Friday tho>>>>>
Happy six months, lima bean! :) Give him a kiss from Auntie Sam.
A rock anthem revival offers hopeful note - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via Springsteen covers The Band. Best heard in person Tony
ah okay if you dont have grades what do you have? years?
My cat is preventing me from sleeping, she's sleeping on my pillow and I don't have the heart to move her.
Where do babies come from? Do they come out of your butt?
Crisis plan is critical IMO : #pharmaforum learn from asco exp plan what u want 2 say officially, who monitors & have crisis plan
we'll be near the finish line!
Is he sick? Hope it's nothing serious.
lol k :D
chocolate chip cookies <3
Miami never had a big three it was always Two and a Half Men to me..no excuses how they playing!!
WOW House of Grey is Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #272 Free in Kindle Store #7 in Science Fiction, Fantasy, & Magic #9 in Love & Romance
ahh memories<3 but seriously HSM kicks the spots off cheetah girlsXD
Kayaks & Kites!
3 days left | Donate Now 4 Less Cancer
What are your plans this Friday? Happy Hour on our patio, great way to start your weekend!
Sorry for the late reply, haha. Nothing much. I've just been extremely busy with school. and yourself? Hope all is well. :D
"WE" u one of those bandwagon fans. U in SE Raleigh - u should be saying Bobcats my team! LOL!
#blah #checkedoutearly #boring wish i was cool and didnt text my girlfriend haha(: its alright babe i know your in school!
reports Jerry Angelo is out as the Bears GM
Ted Nugent pleads guilty in illegal AK bear kill
Nice speaking with you, Ian. Let's work!
Hi hope ur having a beautiful day thus far, and that the beauty of it follows u well into the night. #ThinkingOfAFriend Xo
Packing for #AMSSanFran. Excited to see friends and mentors and to give my first paper. Also: slightly terrified to give my first AMS paper.
Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
Might I join as well? What is this chat about?
Where are the boos?
Part of the INTERSECTIONS Festival Adventure Theatre in association with The Jazz Academy of Music Present a reading of BUD, NOT BUDDY …
Omg these refs SUCK!
Real learning occurs in the spaces in between formal learning events. Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
Vitamix is DEFINITELY better than Blendtec! I'm in love.
Congrats on new job with Villanova! Let's catch up soon & let me know when you're down in Miami especially to escape the cold.
No doubt "education connection"... Or how about those sweat pant jeans?
2-3 ft + thigh to chest high... Clear skies with light offshore wind. Pacific Beach
Excited to start the program today.
What a great way to start your day! Thanks for watching. Stay tuned for more great music videos only on
when I hear medical misinformation spoken in public, it takes all my effort not to speak up like a jackass.
Pernod Ricard's Indian whisky Royal Stag is now the largest selling brand in its portfolio of alcoholic beverages surpassing
thats a god problem boss, but chillin every once in a while is good too.
Phones and email are back! We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
Lol Katrina stay tryna make me look like this bad person it's hilarious to me I love it
Super-cool #History of #Science show on now on
dude is shutting down youtube again....damn he's good!
“It doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.” ~ Bob Proctor
RT I'm wearing my Beavis & Butthead necklace I made when I was 14. I'm so happy right now. I can't stop smiling.<<<----Huh huh huh
sweet! i'll pay you back for that and I'll contact the company and see if they'll let us split it :)
I need glasses :( I'm going blind!
Now its time to get out of the city...this 420 festival is annoying.
Well geez, Dice K. Those sure are funny looking strikeouts. Oh. Right.
Playing guitar is one of the benefits of working from home.
They re-measured skyler's height... 32" he also got his blood drawn and absolutely hated it. Last, got his 12 month shots.
Thanks, mate! Me to... :D
tomorrow is gonna be bomb
right here
you at The Beat?
Yesterday Nikki Nicole one of the girls that i used to play with when i was younger died yesterday in a car accident. R.I.P 12\1\2011
since he's so great he shouldn't be treated differently cause he's young. Rizzo sounded like an ass. Don't baby him.
they are everywhere on eBay
If they can just force a turnover now...
Get your BerryLine while you can! Today is our last day open in 2011. We won't be open again until Jan 6th.
waterfalls are cool.
Mom always wants roses + ice cream RT : What are some of mom's favorite treats? How are you celebrating mom this weekend?
lolz well when ever the english teacher says. Wright about something historic...mine is usually about dragons :3
American Chopper: Senior vs. Junior with Viggle Mon | 6PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
make me some dinner Hun!
What time are you getting to school tomorrow morning? It's Madeline's birthday and I need I leave something on her desk (:
My body definitely needs a rub down. Working out twice today is not going to help it much, but I'll look damn good doing it
we almost bought that last time we were there!!!! Do you collect the vinylmations at all???
What was the name of that scientist survivor game?
ur guys pregame was one the best we ever had! S/O to 09 Blazer Hoopers
I'm glad I met you now do me a favor & stay.
no worries. I just not a big fan of FB.
Is my idol
Thanks for the follow!
I'm interested/I'm not interested.
im tired of ding that shit i'll finish it later
I coulda been a contender
Thanks for the photo from !
Tasting flax seed and I must say it really isn't all that bad.
Happy 64th Birthday Israel!
Smh this dude is scary lol
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
LOLL RT Iggy scoring at will. The whole city of Boston and Red Auerbach can suck my dick.
yup. I really hope she tours again soon... I'm hoping I can maintain my willpower and not cave to $160 tix from scalpers
what chu know by me, what chu what chu know bout me
Seattle Public Schools posting video interviews of superintendent candidates. Learn more about Jose Banda & Steven Enoch....
If you see this you should follow me for the fun of it :)
i found happiness when my love and passion for my hobby got recognized and turned into a job. #creative #highfasion #photography :)
Kind of annoyed that my wonderful wife held some details of tonight's plans. fucking 1st & 6th, pain 2 get 2 & getting close to hipsterland
"The homeless" = "the gays" = "the illegal aliens" America needs a group to demonize and blame.
Long live !!
omg! Your in Miami! So is my bro haha you might see him (:
yes we should of won last year but no at least we tried our best. :)
If me and Kevin worked together at the same place>>>><<. Shit would be fun, but wouldnt get done lol
Good morning, fellow humans. Welcome to another day. Welcome to life.
You know what, I'm not. I should check those out. Suggestions? (btw-sorry for late response)
Oh, and we already miss you and :(
pleasee follow back i love you guys you guys are awesome #RNGeezie till the end please follow :-)
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: moving away from IT as gatekeeper, the NO people.
btw telephones facilitate interstate you know
The defense is completely absent tonight. Not there AT ALL.
Happy Apocal-Eve!
I love that "slipping and falling" are considered to be acts of God! Hahaha
Not that I'm especially a fan, it just comes on Pandora. And I don't thumbs it down.
ditto, except MO and I am going for a run right now. Gonna be brutaltown.
Money moves (realignment) in college football do have some positives. Nebraska vs Wisconsin a good example.
How so?
Go, Trent Go!
Me! Already have my tickets!
On the phone bored out my mind get off my line
What an effort this is:To go follow someone just to go & unfollow a couple of days later.# of followers will not make you less of a moron!
You can run from mistakes, but not regret. You can play with your drama, but not your karma.
Awee, Thank you(:
Wow you guys are awesome! Keep those likes coming!
oh girl. Proud:)
RT : + When are you going to remind us about how great everything was when Bush left office? You know, when the economy was TAN
Waddup, Menace, I got a Feature Film Business Proposal to Star you in the Leading Role. The Project is in Pre-Prod
And THAT's the best success story ever
I hope you found it! Enjoy! Suzanne
DLGE is all about protecting our building envelopes from hazards, both natural and man made.
It's on ESPN in 2 hrs! And the web, and my iPhone! #TheMasters does online right, in my humble opinion!
i hadn't heard about the cia link to einstein institute. do you have a link for that?
Oh snap! You brought out the "blue steel" again!
RT : On my way to Philly to represent at #Phorum12. Will be in the 3:45pm panel about new enterprise models.
This random little girl ran over to me screaming and then she slapped my butt WTF!!!
Should. I show the invoice. Discount ed at half price? Because it is definitely. Half price. And he needs to know. That
Why is it so dffcult for you to understand my situation mum ? haishh . stress );
bout to hit the stage
lol competition much?
Actually, it's both: social phenomena (e.g. music) both articulate AND influence social values, behaviors
Gym in about an hour, great way to end my work shift.
Incorporate Vitamins A, C, and E on a daily basis; eat citrus fruits, green leafy veggies, tomatoes, spinach, poultry and dairy products.
Today is the one year anniversary of Wines That Rock! One year ago today we were backstage at the Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame Concerts - MSG!
Well, I'm going to go downstairs and wail on my drum kit for a while. Tired of watching this crapfest they call baseball.
RT Submit your RFP for FREE marketing at this year's Goodstock by Sept 23! More at www.Goodstock24.com
People need to realize that if you can't afford it then don't buy it. If you need to use credit, then that means you can't afford it.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :)!
#FF he's a pretty chill ecuadorean :p
shoot over an e-mail to with what you're thinkin!
Dead at Jio giving one of the dancers he thought was good for me my twitter. I'm waiting for the chance to Shade.
Looks like I won't be watching Glee tonight. It's all good. My excuse is good visiting my Auntie in the hospital<3
haha! It's AWFUL!! I don't even think I could have watched it by myself! :P
lol yo assb on the phone all the time
Ah your almost to 134K 💗
I'm your biggest fan.
Watched "Cedar Rapids" - highly entertaining! Plus, watching "The Wire" so appreciated the references to it in the movie . A good laugh.
no...just the opportunity to sign him
Don't ya luv when he's called "Mr. Freeze!" Where R Ahnold & Otto when U need them?
Our pleasure, keep up the good work.
I miss you jess come back girl!!!!!!!
"Then what the hell am I?" – A grape after leaning about grapefruit.
GOP believes manipulating tax code 4 benefit of corps is "free market capitalism." Manipulating it 2 provide health insurance is "socialism"
SHOT in the DARK! Photo SHOOTS! You and yours at night! SPECIAL PRICING!
hell no lmaoo
Tomorrow's Friday. Where'd the Week go?
Actually, I'm a dolphin.
any info on the gunshots last night - about 1:45 a.m. on 1300 block of riggs or S Street?
Wow... can you say choke job. #Gators just gave it up late - they looked better than Louisville. Feel bad 4 Good season tho!
I loved it! RT RT : Watching the #BobMarley movie finally! #visitJamaica #Jamaica (@ Bob Marley Museum)
Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching
I need someone to come by my office and clean the screens on my touch enabled devices once a day.
Really enjoyed Demo - a great product for #education, just like :)
STARTED REHEARSALS ON NEW ALBUM YESTERDAY
dies your brother still have a girlfriend?!:)
Umm yeah you played yourself. Stick with the straws yo
Can't fall asleep :/
I have succombed to the allure of the Iphone.
On a related note: let's hang soon.
: that's cool,we can be neighbors LOL
Ditto RT : Reading 's twitter narraration of frontline *instead* of watching frontline
We kept the Beer Fight title! Big thanks to for a great showing - Huge thanks to all that came & enjoyed some amazing beers!
Autocall asked if I'd vote for Obama (press 1) or Paul (press 2). I chose 2, bc I already said i was a republican man.
Tomorrow morning when the traffic is clear... bummed you're not coming! It will #literally be the best wkend ever!
I'd rather have a hand full of followers or friends than a shit load of fake people pulling my co0at tail ( KEEPIN IT REAL IS THE DEAL" )
Really digging the clean guitars and crisp drum recording on the new Hollows LP. I think I'm officially sick of "lo-fi."
Oh yeah, sitting in and playing music solves everything
to make custom coffee tables??? ha ha ha
I just spent about 8-seconds frantically looking for a ring that was STILL ON MY FINGER. It's been that kind of day. Calgon take me away...
Walking dead :D
An observation from watch-shopping: if the salesperson offers to show me a "timepiece", I already know it's out of my price range.
Good morning everyone!! Back to work after a nice long weekend. Hope everyone has a wonderful day! :-)
What? He's part of that Justice League thing, right? Pop culture!
Fa real doe they got like 4 different 1's and it be people that keep up on all of em
Ehh! Happy birthday !
"Moon snail egg" is a magical combination of words.
Happy Mother's Day 2 all moms out there! Here we're grateful 2 be given the opportunity 2 work side by side w/ u & ur children
Trying craps
LOL. Yes, AWESOME!
cool I will see what I can do for you :)
We are still leasing for Fall 2012! Call 612-703-RENT for details on what is left!
hey how have u been doing??
just got a new Iphone.
Yes the generic package all black is $69.99 but when you change the color they add more money.
FW says no one named Tiffany is mean. My response: "But her name starts with tiff..."
my #3500 goes to ! he's too dang cute with his new hair and we always be roastin people! Can't wait for senior year with ya ;D
Praising a non-existent god only serves to better empower psychopaths in their manipulation of human beings. Don't be a psychopath by proxy.
The Reds traded him bc they had little invested, scared of relapse, and thought they were robbing Tx.
Ahh. Six months til my next lecture on the benefits of flossing!!
Wedding gift, dress and sunglass shopping!
Thanks for all you've done, Joe Solmonese.
Right back at you!
I really liked this book about a girl that died and she was a ghost and it was really good, but the second one bored me.
Youre welcome :D
don't forget to ask ur mom where she got that book from. It was so awesome.
It just sounds more right
Hunting once again for feature-worthy story ideas in the north metro. Any interesting events/people/programs/etc. to highlight? Let me know!
Gucci now :)
the #NRAShow is still rolling & the is still the most popular! Stop by Booth 6825 for a full dress Chicago Style dog
now following the one and only
love...death...love again?
What's the over-under Beyonce and Jay-z's kid will have a platinum album before he hits puberty?
I left TN with a suitcase, and came back with a new song!!!
Will spend much time today cooking safe foods for my DS for a week away from home. #foodallergy How do you travel safe?
so true! “: #lavacon the food has been excellent #TopChef”
Are you using #Pinterest for #Marketing? If so, how is it working for you?
thanks MUCH LOVE:)
are u back home already?
Congrats !! I loved all of the top people on ! Give me a tour!!!
iPads in the Classroom: Apple Takes Aim at the Textbook Market
Lmao ur silly Darrin darling RT : Why u asking all them questions..making statements..assuming..
I feel like I'm asking too much but what is it?
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! VILLAGE BUDS AND TWITTER BUDS!
hahaha #winning right now. best two days ever (:
Brett Gardner pinch runner, pls? I just want to see him.
hey Harbaugh u got a guy who cheated someone out of rest of their lives
hey what happen to your fb page?
#happy to go to #sleep with a #smile on my face
: okay I'm going to dinner...check ya later gmun!
Oh yeah, it's been #wynetyme for like an hour already...
Thanks! Are you due back soon?
even so, it's a fantastic set.
http:/JazzHeaven.com LAUNCH SPECIAL this weekend only: 10% off with Coupon Code "special" - ends Sunday @ midnight. Enjoy! Pls RT.
Tangled is a strong flick... I'll stand by that statement next to your husband and son! ;-D
Haha and you thought of me. ;D
- ah California!
Education is my cornerstone to success.
#ff First rate humans, & fans of the first division #Mets -
happy birthday! Love the shop, many happy returns!
Thank you!
But literally I can't sleep without music so tonight is going to suck
Everyone go follow shes such a looser.(; JK just go follow her!!
I would but I already follow but I'll rt this ;)
How young is he? I have a kiddo on my caseload who had horrible ear probs...tubes in in July - crazy verbal now!!!
I agree. Thanks, Lyana!
“Love everyone and hang with people who lift you up!”
Set your intention. Notice five positive, beautiful,uplifting things in your life today!
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
At birthday dinner....family of four across the way.....all on their cell phones....not speaking at all.
Shut down Reyes
love me some nudey tights dude! LOLOLOL!
Nascar moved speedweeks back later in Feb this year to get better weather. 54 years of getting the race in on Sun ... Opps
“Until you’re ready to look foolish, you’ll never have the possibility of being great.” ~Cher
<3 this song!!
& thanks for the RT!
Can we get a retweet for Section 218! Go Big Vince!
Glad you were there...didn't see ya. Hard to rock out to recorders though.
Thank you Joe!
yo go to anime conji if you have the time on Saturday, all day gaming room and SfxT and UMVC3 tournaments with prizes!
Awesome. Thanks for the clarification and the marching orders!
Twitter following leveling off at 19 minus the porn I keep blocking. No offense ladies ;) Here's to more compelling posts in 2012.
i will. or obama, he's a close 2nd.
-even counted and then go check what was saying about how the producers choose everything.
Watching "Black Death" from on the Apple TV. Love me some Sean Bean.
anyone that knows me knows from the last tweet that I've now spent the last 2 hours implementing APL in Python :-)
More work before heading for a late lunch = cafe closes in three minutes :(
I'm thinkin' about maybe just possibly getting one of those boyfriend things again. maybe.
I keep forgetting to mail our producer a copy of our cd
<-----I am now following this #poet... leggo
Things aren't changing n I'm getting tired of the old shit
I love that everytime I open my Datakal film-database Tom O'Brian w/ is the first entry I see. Whoever rigged that, thankyou
Get a new tv. hoe
At founding farmers for breakfast. New Orleans style French toast is out of this world!
Can't wait to hear the Remixes from my homies for the Double Single releases in June!
Scandalous Scandalous
I cannot wait for Paradise. Literally.
California tattoo couture? (no frickin' clue)
Next: Elke Teich "Analyzing linguistic variation: From corpus query towards feature discovery”—A linguist perspective
im thee man with the plan in his hand
good morning!
Thank you..I think I just may be..it'll hurt mainly cause hes always here..I've never been alone..but..I,might like it..
I don't know what compelled me to look at the tongue photos. Please tell me the majority of those were photoshopped! Skeevies.
Boo, is that rain I smell?
Gizmodo: Facebook is public now . And that means you're going public too. Facebook has to make you share more. It has to
visit greenshieldcarpetcleaning.com to schedule a green carpet, upholstery or grout cleaning appt.
Yep, & we shld promote still-running June openings—Oedipus, Hero, Gacy Play, Eno at Gift, etc—not tell auds stages are empty.
Not happy with the customer service from #themeforest Seems a technology company could apply better tech to their service
thanks soo much for the shoutout!
feeling good, recovering at a quicker rate then I thought 👍
Wow those are some powerful words. Thanks for sharing. :)
Tonight's Phillies line-up just announced: batting second...and playing second base...number 26...Chase Utley! Everybody hits!
The cool guitar work of EUGENE K premiering tonite on Rhythm & Jazz Radio! 62 straight weeks as the #1-ranked Cool Jazz station on Live 365!
Good luck if waiting for #77 to Montgomery Park. Fire + ambulance with bus at NE Multnomah and Grand. Heat stroke?
In love with the new glasses coming my way. And so reasonable, too! Webb in crystal matte. How Portlandia am I?
Looking good Chef ! Can't wait to try it!
"RT if this" "RT if that" BLAH BLAH BLAH
That woman on tonight was crazy but I did see the bartender in question shoot soda water into my manhattan once.
Talks of perseverance, quantum physics, extraterrestrial life forms, and then a 1/4 of a sermon by Martyn Lloyd Jones? my brain is fried.
Hey sweetie, what's good wit cha
Anyone out there have suggestions for LA-based wordpress-skills having folk?
Congrats to who won last night's stand-up contest at Brother's Lounge and will in the future be at Hilarities and Improv
douche! i will always have a nyc implant...as well as a miami one. ;)
no home. no bed. nowhere to hang my head
I dont need it but i wanna be cool
RT : City Council is in closed session, it has not started discussion of vacancy of mayor's seat
Sweet....so I thought I was drinking with Cas Haley and yah....I was haha. Check him out at St.Johns tonight 1 am. Amazing!
i do not get it i am sorry, but this is sounds like a lot of sheep neighing one after another for a sad but unimportant event
Thank you. Can you follow me real quick so I can let you know what my issue is w/o tweeting account information? ...
“: 9 degrees sitting outside of iHop, great start to my day. What are y'all doing?”
yes, please put those "bears down"
you forget that is a genius, much like. ... well not me or you.
is willing to be the sponsor of #LFLonMTV2. The LFL has something #NFL will never have HOT CHICKS :) Stay Thirsty my friends :-)
Our film and video production company, NFocus Films, has recently set up a full-time office in Nashville.
How did I miss this kitty video until now? Cutest little furball, so glad you are keeping him.
#SOAR...Sisters - Overcoming - Anointed Restored. Min Bev Cole
Craven zesty pickles
Who the fuck are these random kids in my front yard playing baseball with my basketball hoop??
Hey : you going to stop and see when you are in Seattle?
He's cutting the flat top and getting it surgically placed as an extra thick unibrow.
super duper excited about this.
Is Twellowhood not working? Every time we try to use it we don't see anyone listed. old one always worked; this one not so much :(
Cool that Charleston also can share fragile objects this way.
You guys actually remember all your Life Events? [sips from coffee mug full of NyQuil]
That reason is KC is the greatest franchise man will ever know.
alright n just tweet me but if i leave i go somewheres ill call u
Pretty great at church.. This generation has gone down hill. No one is shamed upon themselves, cause these days people do wrong things.
Taking notes while listening to 's teleseminar with Great stuff.
you never played that thang for me homie... when we gonna link up?
Ah where is this heat coming from? So hot!
Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves cuz your a reflection of what they wish to be.
No way I could physically/mentally/emotionally handle NHL overtime as a diehard fan of a team involved. BUT: it's awesome as a bystander.
Finding some cool themes for my android phone. Pretty cool!
Game of Century reflects the economy. 9-6 LSU vs. Bama. Overhyped and sloppy play.
Glad that you said that, Michael! I have had to defend mine in each house I've owned. (old houses/original wood/love em)
they were so sick. It was sad.
Lots of studies showing that time in nature is good for you *and* the environment. What are the effects of time spent in virtual nature?
I so need a weapon to kill this flu me bug. But wanted to tweet out to my friends. Follow my daughter in law TY
He got some long hair
I got a job now you know what it is?.... babysitting goldfish :D for 10 bucks an hour hahaha!!! LMFAO! ;)
on Letang flopping like a loser, "It's unmanly, it's dishonest in its most basic element". Agreed, Jack. /cc
sorry willy! I was just dumbfounded by the pic I forgot to tag you. I'll make it up to you
LIE LIE LIE LIE BUT WHEN I AM FOUND YOU WILL FIND THE LIGHT AND IT WILL BE UGLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just saw a 54 yard field goal thanks to the wind. Quakers now have 3 points. Defiance has 7.
Do you wash your pants in Windex because I can see myself in them.
10 Rules for Effective Management by Chad Shultz at Ford Harrison. Chad rocks!!! Wish Sarah was here.
I have to say that any more, news about Greg Oden barely rates a "who cares?" Players play. GO is just a guy with bad knees.
I guess the earlier report that #Facebook would be hacked was true. That's pretty scary...
haha. You're right.
same here!! what should our icon and bg be???
Sen. Kerry talking about the strength of the #Northeastern co-op.
Public speaker: Don't waste your money on a new bond measure.
Some weather? Na us in the 5280 are used to it!
BEASTin with and later on today.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it - Ephesians 5:25
My nigga just said he cant wait to get employee of da month so we can park closer lmao shitd ima vote for him
Good to see Madonna still has no clue she's 100.
Artists awarded grants from Prairie Lakes Regional Arts Council
makin graphics for my web site... updates in... some day.
Ideas, like everything, need to breathe. Hold it too close and possibility becomes dogma.
Morning Christina! :) Thanks for the nice tweet! Happy Rainy Monday. Stay dry & Have a great day.
Well well
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. - Meister Eckhart
aw those are the ones i want! yeah that's the only problem :(
on november 8th 2013 that should be the day i just go and rent somewhere and get out
O.M.G Just won at Scrabble with the word "Santorum!!!!" My friend was like "that's not a word" so I slapped her.
Thank you for the follow!!
thank you :) you're 1000 times more sweetheart,awesome, amazing, caring, loving and rocking person.
We're all broken up, but people forget the real tragedy, there's a coke dealer who just put a down payment on a boat
DC: Brand new day on the way. The doors of city hall will be open! Secrecy, closed doors,decisions by one, will come to an immediate end.
Consolation update: FINAL: Mounds View advances to Class 2A consolation championship with 2-1 victory over Grand Rapids/Greenway
": Law and Order"
"I'm like a junky without an addiction"
lmfao omg those were the days
School tomorrow <<<
this month's big night in is brought to you by robitussin, tylenol pm and epinephrin. flu + netflix
Well I heard it was freaking amazing bro.... And I was there. So yeah, it was awesome.
Email replying "As you'll know..." is thoroughly satisfying
right?! what does give, twitter? i have a friend mad at me right now for supposedly unfollowing him...
Happy Hump Day tweethearts!!
thank you But unfortunately when you've been to a minotaur race, a mere greyhound running to catch a fake rabbit is droll at best
lmao you can do it for me ....
HEY YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT MY WEBSITE AND SUPPORT SOME AWESOME ART WWW.DIABLITAROJA.WEBS.COM
If you're interested in samba, Lapa and Rio de Janeiro. Follow new project "The Heart of Samba."
we aint forgot about. Will have some wrk for you soon
On another note, where did all those Laker fans on my timeline go??
Six year old Taylor's parents talk to 9News about daughter's brain tumor at Cops Fighting Cancer event.
I did notice! You have great taste. :D Andy is my nephew and I'm so proud of him and his band.
that sounds goooœd!!
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Ugh what a long weekend... Drama drama... Cultural differences between my family and his screwed us over this weekend...
that's the way to get it done. :)
In the first 48…………
These college hipsters are looking more and more like Liz Lemon flashbacks. SMH
that's awesome
biden has that nod down...looks like a bobble head. get that man a chiropractor, he's going to need it tomorrow
haha. Sorry bub! I'm good bro. Hope you the kid and wife are good man!
A2 Individuals in your org - you! - will have to drive innovation in workflow, biz models. Borrow and adapt innovative tech
Speakers Turnt ALL THE WAY UP!!!
Yeah, right? And there's not nearly enough neon in my house, either!
Man ready for my weekend
Modern business is pure chaos, but those who adopt will succeed
Andrew McCutchen is one of my favorite players to watch. Would and have paid to see him play live.
Why are little kids attracted to cleaning supplies? My little sister has toys yet she went out of her way to get cleaning spray.
Up too late. I 'had to' make supper & a pie, do dishes (2x), watch NCIS, bag the trash, email ppl & talk to my DP. Is wkend here yet?
I went to take a picture for instagram outsdie and my dad goes what do u have a boyfriend or something. LOL GOOD ONE BUDDY
I START MY DIET/ WORKOUT MONDAY :)
Lenses for badges? :-)
I miss the old me! The new me isn't all that bad, just need that #Inspiration! Might have found it!
Be cautious when answering the door for strangers. Many burglars pose as salesmen or maintenance workers so you will open the door!
Goin out tonight to to hang with and if u live in CFL come on out!
Royals over Blackhawks? Enjoy. And no bowling?!
who wants a live chat with us ? if we get a big response we will set up a live chat ! :) respond back with
69 followers? We could be into that.... Anyhow, tell your friends about our tunes, and we'll tell people about you how nice you are
Hey twitter. Just wanted to remind you how much I hate everyone. Kthnxbye!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo I DMed YOU.
": I should go swimming" (go swimming then) #sixflagsoverhere :-P
Cool, I will :)
TONIGHT LADIES FREE TILL 11 $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21
Our hearts go out to those affected by Hurricane Irene in North Carolina. As many as 20,000 people have already evacuated.
OMG!!!! YOUR SONG TO YOUR HUBBY BROUGHT ME TO TEARS.....SO BEAUTIFUL CONGRATS ON YOUR SUCCESS!!! YOU DESERVE IT GIRL! XO
Feel like I am leaving camp! Bye Chicago :(
(William Shakespeare) Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Oh My Glob! I didn't know the Rangers were playing!!
oh i know you are but what am I, oh no you didnt, i smell like flower bomb and i pass my tinest.
- & why not 0_o
“: A man's penis is much bigger than a gorilla's, even though the gorilla's body is 3 times as bulky.” Take that, apes. Respect.
For a nosebleed - Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
He's so cute!!! Worth the scavenger hunt ;)
if u can supply me with the address, I will try to assist.
Graduation is so close..
": He don't want it but I do "then we need to work on urs
Money make her cum ..
I hate feeling this way...
you better love me! I got nothing but love for you dear!!
I'm a doctor and a lawyer. And both parts of me are disgusted by that.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Major Payne tonight
The adult in the bar tweet b
We are walking may 20th in Atl what are you doing #SUPPORTED by Musik Note #autismawareness wake up
fools love company, apparently; karthik and i are in, too!
And Murdoch still asserts that his employees r responsible, but not himself, even though he fostered a culture of corruption
at this point i cant trust anybody but my selff.
RT : "Happiness depends upon ourselves." -Aristotle
Last year I stole your iPhone but this year I get an iPad :)
been reading #platetopixel since i got it for a graduation present, love, love, love it!
I grew up eastern PA,spent 11 YR in PGH including grad school CMU, my wife grew up in MD, my wife and I both tweet from here
The things everyone on my bus talk about
I would but you can't watch it on the iPhone.
great happy hour schedule coming up...peter pan golf then kenobe! i am excite (say in borat voice)
#Iah_Said Today Is a Beautiful January Day
no your not
What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
Good to hear
never put a closer in a tie game!
thank you! You are awesome
To test people's dumbness I just tell them in from assyria...
I can't be the only one waiting for to jump out from behind and yell "YO BROS, YOU GOT PUNK'D!"
awww ill come visit soon. :) and your summer will get better. :) miss you!
allow me to introduce the illustrious
All we gone do is spit that real,so if you fake then don't come round here.
Adapting to change can be a long process...
I GIVE UP</3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
Super warm day.
ATSU's 8th annual Lecture on Aging, Dr. Christa Hojlo spoke on "Caring for the Aging"..."Don't slide into the past-YOU are the future".
Was out and listened on radio. Better effort, but same result. : what you think of the game so far?
haha lameO where's my cake!!!! >=|
At Least I Think That's What He Says p:
working on my App page,, I`m a small "for now" iPhone App developer. Very interesting. Good night.
“: That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up.”
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Today's tip: To make your workouts more enjoyable and make them pass by quickly, try adding some background music.
LOL! Just seeing this. JWags us an idiot.
Getting the all clear sirens here in the Smoky Hill Area.
LMAO! RT : Oh RT : George Zimmerman got convicted of second degree murder... Who did he kill the first time????
bcuz ppl wan 2 protect themselves from bing hurt #HardToLove its always easy 2 say u dislike someone it doesnt involve fear
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing.
it was me.
I love the feeling of autumn.
I hate when he send me 🌵🌵
oh the poor thing, lets not ruin michael kors for her and keep it that way.
RT : squeeze me on there?? · on it already
QiGong (Pronounced: Chee-Gong) QiGong is a 5,000-year-old technique for pain relief and healing. No needles - No drugs!
I'm a Muslim, not a 'terrorist'. Bitch, you say it one more time, & my hand will terrorize your face. k? k.
GOT IT! RT damn rightt I got it
When I first met Jeremy Dias, the founder of Jer’s Vision, it was 2007 and I was attending a talk by the Dalai Lama at the Ottawa Civic C
Shit just laying I can't sleep ! Always something !
it's surprising how hard it may be for some to change the toilet roll.
It was quite a sight, hahaha you would have been proud <3
Yay phone decides to work again...
Did you know that the average household income of new home buyers in Midtown #Detroit is now nearly $113,788, the highest in the city?
The Rainbow's 40th anniversary tonight was CRAZY! So many people there, and it amazes me to be around so many talented musicians! Awesome!
better know it. Just staying in my lane. Waiting while workin p.
Cannot wait for #S3 of !!!! It's gonna b so good!!!!
BTW, the chapbook contest I'd mentioned earlier is with Ropewalk Press
I've being rejuvinated by my work with AileyCamp this summer. What an excellent model for #arts #education! I'm inspired every day!
Yikes. Thats a bad sign. RT : Dave, I had free tix and gave them back. Not into this team one bit.
As I wake up this Mothers Day morning, I think to myself, I wanna cuppa coffee. This is not at all unusual.
Beautiful weather in #Chicago again today! Anybody else experiencing nice weather? -Adam
Early February special - all #SF>LA T's half price. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com
I am officially creeped out from PLL
I didn't get to ask. She came home and went to bed
BOOM ROASTED. You got told Hill
How good would it be if said Happy Birthday to me on march 22 even more amazing if he phoned me #NeverSayNever;) haha♥..
on the side where it says unique<3 unique well unique is my real name i use nique for a nickname
Its so weird seeing my colleague tweet about the #superbowl. Its like Jennifer Lopez actually being a good singer.
haha anytime! Came out better than mine lolz
awww love you too little sister :P and um maybe you missed me? lol
19th Street Band is live, the beer is flowing,the first face is clean-shaven! Thanks to for the Sweeney Todd barber!
Looks like Big Bros Big Sis of NY honored Darrelle Revis last night...& he spent most of it complaining abt only receiving $47.5M last 5yrs
Quote of the day: "Be amazing- It is up to you to illuminate the world"- Phillippe Venier
Forgot my flip flops. Forgot my sunglasses. Forgot my shorts. -__-
Now listening to Peter Carlisle from Octagon talking about Branded Relationships (and causes)
Thanks for the years Peyton!
No. That is a bush. Move along now.
As my husband thoughtfully reminded me this morning, sick days are good for something: cuddling up on a couch and watching lots of movies.
Baylor playing in their swimsuits and SDSU Jackrabbits in their wholesome high school unis. What a contrast at
I am so going to as many games at Staples to watch my Canucks beat the Kings! First round baby!!!
We're asking people to describe #austin in 1 word. Tough. If I had to do it for DC, I'd say home. Maybe I should think harder
In Malaysia!!! Eating some Inidan food
Ice Cream Man^o^
about my grandad
you're a trooper! i was dragging myself out of bed at 10, wishing it weren't so.
read act like a lady think like a men
I know. D: Like, why would you? jwdnmejf
It's Thursday of Farm Show week and that means one thing... BIKINI BOWLING! The balls starting rolling at 10pm!
You're killin it every week on House of Lies.When can we see you as Miles Davis?
lol. It's mahone chat crew I know, but what is it really?
Wish I would have said something when she was in my class
Suck it, bandwagon #Rays fans.
Quick interlude of Twitter-style impotent rage: GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, CLIPPER CARD.
Steak tacos for dinner and hopefully me for desert ;) #lovefaces <3
What's stopping you now?
Actually, Monagle used to be WRC (Women's Residence Center). So...
I must be Twitter bipolar. Either I tweet 4+ times/day or not for 4 whole days.
I cant log in to interact -_-
fasho. get at me when you're out here. good luck bruh.
I Think Niggas Pick On Me & Shit B/c I'm Small
Just chilling at home listening to instrumetal Deathmole. A good night is being had.
The Zona better show one hell of a time if he spending 4/20 with us!
Good pickup for coach Rob Jeter and the Milwaukee Panthers in Indiana State transfer Steve McWhorter, a former St. Catherine's standout.
"If you want to go fast, work alone. If you want to go far, work together." #success #entrepreneurship (RT if you agree)
Thanks so much. By the way great to hear from you! Wishing you the best this holiday season
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
RT : #ff indie pub. who make world a better place
Let's change that!
At the post office mailing off yet another batch of shirts... Ahh yeah :)
is there a way to download the whole album you have posted or do I have to go through 1 by 1?
A laughing matter - Khaleej Times
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.~ Muhammad Ali
Letters to the editor for May 6, 2012
Jump on Safari Online and pull up one of their "Learn how to use GarageBand" books/videos. They got a bunch of them. LIBRARIAN.
yo I wanna go home!!!!
I'm sure you'll kick ass and take names!
even though it's not #followfriday quite yet
#USF #POLAND get him in the NBA dunk contest. Wow
I wish you'd realize what you're doing...
#np fortunate-maxwell
No panic with the #Pens time to get this game back.
Way to go Tyler! How did it go?
For a good time, call 606-4311. Ask for Candy.
..or start anything. btw, not like it was that bad. I just wasn't emotionally stable enough to deal. Haha, I'm sorry.
Had so much fun at Field Day with Emmy today :)
idk about lunch. i can do breakfast? I'm currently on a fast and diet.
In life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love.
#aintnothingsexyabout having your partner's name tattoed on you. be more creative
Hey baby wont you look my way? I'll be your new addiction ;)
yeah one older sister and Two younger brothers
not only that if you drink it as much as bryant you would get cheese teeth lol
just watch 2gether the movie.. i haven't seen it in years :)
You are so lucky and 3 of them tweeted you ugh so lucky! (:
i swear its crazy the amount of girls i know that are "in a relationship" but act single af
: Check out this Twitter list: /commercial-guitar
I love to smoke marijuannaa
crazy weekend..
Watching Mary Tyler Moore Show
Hope everyone had a great Easter! Follow me on Instagram SmallFryAngie ! RT
ill have some of the yella
Q. What does parsley and pubic hair have in common? A. Push it aside and keep on eating...
always good to see players who want to be at our program! Can't wait to see how he will change the scopes of the depth!
hi kat...thank you! no worries about my email :) take as much time as you need. you've a LOT on your plate such - good stuff!
YOU TOO OMG MINES IS KILLER .
can you ask him if he only collects DC or if he also collects Marvel comic
RT : Behind the scenes at The Daily, Suzzallo Library secrets, HusKEYS a capella group and more - on The Daily's Double Shot at 7P!
See , I'm A Loyal Ass Person . I'm Blunt As Fuck ... & Ima Stay That Way
Guy told me last night he guessed Coop would be a lineman based on my "build". Creative way of calling me fat.
I hope the world never effing ends of it does on December than I will die I don't want to die I'm to young it won't I hope of its does than
How did my singing voice in the shower turn to crap!? Bo
Watching #Oscars with my mom. She is still my perfect Oscar companion. Seeing JLo she says, "That's just disgusting." Love her.
how long are you staying in Texas man??
hah yeah I am. But I'm also a swimmer and I talked to the coach and he's interested in me. (: but idk if I'll get money.
About to head home. Goodbye Nashville!
Co-worker bought mint leaves and strawberries from farm stand downstairs. Told her to get some sprite and I'd make faux-jitos for the team.
aloha! can we get you on tonight talking CFB realignment and the MWC/C-USA/sunbelt/WAC
only if you get a white fluffy cat.
I'm curious too. Kate's right that the canon is not well-defined. We're scattered, which has pros and cons.
You were out of my league, a distance that I didn't want to see. I wanted you nearer.
Thanks Diana!
