Um and who is excited the weekend is finally here?! Can a get a real loud AMEN!
wait what. wHAT. WHAT.
-Thx for following!
hey chick
": FB and follow me on Instagram : Hawtmama_" << u got it!
I'll be testing out 's cocktail today. But first, how do you grill a Grapefruit?
yes! or the liquid soaks through the base and you get the pastry equivalent of eggy bread
Hilarious You need to try this stuff called "glitz" I'll let you sample mine #beautifultanfacespray night little lady xo
bring it. I need the password!
Okay, I guess it's time for my New Year to officially begin. Always takes me a few days to get back in the game after the holidays!
Sorry for the spam this am, DON"T click link from earlier tweet, my twitter account was hacked. Sue
I use emojis a lot. Hah. Time for bed. 
I want to start working asap
Not all but some of yall females think to much of this twitter shit. just because i RT you dont mean i want you lmao TF? haha
no kidding! I want to get a shiba and some of them have a $1500 price tag.
changing to a better highschool
I love you! MM!
I think that some people actually forget what love is sometimes...and I really hate that. They need to rediscover it.
its like there is a HUGE BUTON THAT SAY OOONNNNN dduuuu
Dam i shouldve brought my plane ticket to miami when they brought theirs
hahahaha SO EXCITED!!!
I told my wife that if she wanted me to tell her something about herself that i would but my wife told me not to'
I don't have any gear...I'm in trouble.
good luck!
Thank you for the RT and your help when I was writing!
anytime pat
ONE EXAM LEFT.
and Cacklebeck is Hot!! Just sayin
Miss you too! Hope all is well!
you need to tell all the TCA students to Follow.
same. lets skip out and go. #yolo ; )
yep. You'd think the king of intarwebs search would get it right everywhere...
#SNL is actually good tonight
What was that lady doin on the court??
People going 100% outta their way to help complete strangers.
Ah, I should have known from the HAL reference to look more closely at the speaker...
If u don't so stupid things while ur young... you'll have nothin to smile bout wen ur old...
Nice. I'll have to try that. i'm really into drinking my vegetables lately. I make a tasty carrot ginger soup.
ML: Hi Happy Friday! KYFers miss you!
Can't stand how dumb I can be in certain situations
I'm pimpin pimpin bitches till the end
Boss said dm him our names/stage names/numbers and he'll call us
Hey Girl. Apparently, I chkd out! Day went well...busy. Glad u got early, rather on time. Enjoy ur evening.
Get your work out there and come be inspired at our exciting new festival catered for filmmakers just like YOU!
at West Towne Mall braving the crowds. Tune in to for live updates!
Find the Perfect Outfit for Your Holiday Parties The holidays can be stressful, but one thing you shouldn 't have to fret over? Your part
3 weeks from Friday. I'll see what the mechanic says when I get my oil changed next week.
Having a difficult conversation with someone? Remember to keep taking deep breaths to control your emotions.
It is a very good song. :) And you should text me; I can't sleep. :P
Hottest HR Legal issues session at #HRFl11 is hot!
I love your hair <3 Oh and Eyes . Well imma go watch your bro now . ! BYE (:
Dear Starbucks, I would appreciate the invention of a coffee cocktail. Some afternoons just need more sauce than just espresso. Cheers, 30Hz
- shall we put u on the media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite 6pm Chargers Park? Hope 2 C U there.
Our tank tops are in. Printing tonight. Look for them online tomorrow!
Sorry to lose the rivalry, but agree with you on tourney prep. Road games mean little for that, as Cal's '11 Final 4 team showed.
I just wanna lay down but I'll have no time before move outs. And day duty and then class
I ain't running no grocery story here, WAYNE.
haha! Yes! Email me and we will figure this out. :) jen at uber dot com
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 15, 2012 Bluetooth headset still not safe for driving Q: I ’m in the market for a Bluetooth heads
Thanks. We'll see what happens. Good crowd & great comments.
So jealous and proud of right now. I want to talk to
I kinda wish it would just start pouring. I want to just lay in bed and read #TheHungerGames all day.
Tony Montana
One more week until the showdown in Indianapolis!
I hope to see some scary red maps on AC/DC soon...
RT : I should have used this one. RT : Rose Garden in full bloom. LBSU 61, New Mexico 59, less than five to go.
Also how did we get to such short school days. How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 hour school days.
Congratulations Arlene Silveira!! BEST choice for my students!
stir fry! should i try this whole veggie thing???
I Start Seen Niggas I Kick It Wit Are Fake As Hell They Know Who They Are 2 #KingShit Bitch
“: Sometimes it’s easier to pretend you don’t care than to admit that it’s killing you...”
Cool, that's the one I always went to. Just thought I'd check. Thanks.
Ha thats pretty cool! I mean if you like cheesecake...
OK, nearly two hours after I told myself I'd stop working, here I am, just giving up. Need a workaholic intervention here.
the worst feeling is hugging someone & they won't hug you back. ):
Young bops become old hoes in just a matter of a few years.
Happy MOTHERS DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty cut of our world famous Prime Rib, enjoy with $5 Texas Margarita! Giddy Up!
tweet ya later, Callin it a night #Goodnight I think I'm going to have food dreams now..
good, i just got back from my boyfriends c: <333 you?
OKAY now I really G2G so cya everyone luv ya ....!!
what are you most excited about for the summer?!(:
TRUTH. RT hey guys, follow she makes the best pasta
1st thoughts on seeing #2PacHologram: "Ah, porn for the 1% has arrived in the U.S."
When your soundtrack gets really intense, the creepy presence behind the door will be a friend or loved one.
RT : Ok I need more INK...*same*
your welcome (:
hill got 9s on ?
Just finished working mi abs, hitting the treadmill. Trying a lil something different today. Stay tuned for the results!
Death today of Stanford's Steve Schneider from heart attack a major blow to those who care about the earth, science, decency.
Boat building: the rewards of doing it yourself
That would be AMAZING. 'Cept I'm trading the wine cooler for real wine.
“: hey.... Holla at yo barber lol!!!” what's good homie?? I'm bout to win this jackpot!
man haha I'm still a believer but there goes my image of macs being virus free
haha awesome...almost like #target that time!?!?
I just heard the words "Icelandic alternative folk collective" ???
No mention in 27 hours....
Listenin to music in the morning and having the one song in your head for the rest of the day -___-
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you don't recognize someone because they gained so much weight :\
Whereing my hair up to schoolfor the first time sense like the first month of school.i just had no time to get ready.eww.lol.
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, "I will love you until the last rose dies.
That's so true......now me?.... i like you anyways. ALWAY'S & FOREVER :)
But Maybe That's Just Me
Congratulations on the graduation.Miss ya at Applebee's Hiram..It's Tom Tom.Hope you are great!
Forrest can't walk because the kids from his class are OBVIOUSLY trying to beat him up.
Why do children love pets so much? Have you ever asked yourself that question?
I would love to have a day like ferris buller did lol.
I love the All Star comics covers from the end of the Golden Age run. Issue 13 is a great early cover, too.
umm...there's a hurricane outside. “: Rise & Grind!”
I really wanna oovoo but I dont know what to say D:
Good morning :)
How #Millennials are re-defining the 9-5: bo.st/nkleKu (via )
can you tell from my posts? ;) Hi mrmendy
Link? Pic? Summary? Where's the love?!?
I cant stand people anymore. I am fuckin crying right now but I honestly know nobody gives a flying fuck
who Hae? Y?
Curriculum is proprietary: like a trade secret (only not profitable and not a secret). [From my forthcoming piece on music #curricula]
Q1 Too many bells and whistles.
Does anyone remember how "Family Matters" ended?
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is
DAILY TIP: The WSOP are held every year from the end of May till the middle of July in Las Vegas. More than 60 World champions are crowned.
Talk that talk girl
Transformer Building! XD
Mary Kay's Dark Denim liner is the bomb! U can get it at www.marykay.com/fabulousglam
You can have him when you get back!
#PubTrans Crowdsourcing and Realtime data are the two major focuses of the panel thus far.
Real World or Extreme Couponing... I'M TORN!
I'd love to network with more blk professionals but I absolutely refuse to feign belief in Christianity to do so.
TGIF! What wine will you be enjoying tonight?
I have a new saying now: I bleed blue
its not fair how pretty you are .... ):
What is your favorite type of salad dressing?
Really love how my two favorite shows are overlapping tonight!! #criminalminds #thewalkingdead Paget Brewster on Talking Dead!!! <3
Who says I don't see that? I AGREE WITH YOU. Stop calling me names... that solves no problem.
omg I'm going to need you to fill me in on pieces of it
yess! Lol all i heard was "Fool look!!" then daran was like "OH SHIT!!" well i think it was him lol
We need to smooth out parking lot speed bumps ASAP
Just to make copies!!
what are you counting down to?
We're glad we could help you move forward in a positive way!
called me pathetic for suggesting I find his impending death due to huge amounts of unhealthy food funny. I'm merely concerned.
I am feelin the Heavy D tribute...Whodini, Big Daddy Kane...Dougie Fresh....Yes Sir
despite popular belief, I actual can code my way out of a paper box ... I'm looking at you
:) Will dig it up later. Read your post about the hospital volunteering, very cool. Good luck with it!
Need A Real Friend That Aint All About Fucking Whi Just Want To Dpend Time Me....
Catching up on my tv time watching Brandy (Behind The Music)
#YouWereCuteUntil to eyelash fell off in my drink!,,,Damn!
Thank you!
Are you coming West at all? Enquiring minds want to know!
don't open it. just say no.
Listen to me! ;)
desire without effort will make you more miserable than having no desire and no effort, from #youarenotyourbrain book.
i concur!
yes please !
Well, it's *real* pumpkin, but from a can. :) I'll roast a pumpkin one of these days!
but thank you, inspired us to reach for some Lady Day
You think I pay attention to a nigga named Clifford? CLIFFORD? Nah.
Let's hang out soon during the week!
Sometimes that accomplishment is prolonged by refilling the stapler.
Anyone else having problems with Twitter in Firefox? I can see my account but not post. Had to go back to Safari ever since the DOS incident
yeah I'll check
are you okay??? Text me
That green cake :p x.x >.<
Very true! RT : Fear & perfectionism can be paralysing. Take risks. Be bold, wild, creative & free! ~
neither would any decent human being : I wouldn't laugh at anyone with cancer no matter how much I disagreed."
thanks means a lot :)
I'm thinking of getting a Leica M8 or M9. Anyone know of any good deals,
Dont know what to get my mom for mother's day,Any suggestions ladies?
Happy Mother's Day to your mama...may she rest in peace.
Ready money is ready medicine.
: Let's schedule something for later this month.
Can't be more happy for the Giants!
I think "Family Ties meets Murphy Brown" is the most cruel description of Veep I have yet seen. And yet not without truth.
Hour & a half later, the pre-preplanning meeting for the next consumer DVD & Book has taken place. The end of the year suddenly seems close.
Of course he is!! I miss summit - hope it was awesome!!
Students, hospitals are great Partners - Boston Herald
ID LIKE TO BE, EVERYTHING YOU WANT!
Burgundy makes you think of silly things Bordeaux makes you talk about them and Champagne makes you do them ~Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
I don't drink BBQ sauce in large quantities so I am not too worried :-P "Watch out for high fructose corn syrup in barbecue sauce"
congrats ! You've won the $100 Zappos Gift Certificate!!!
you can't spell Tim Hortons correctly, so you probably won't miss it that much.
Weighing keeping up with current events against having "weiner twitter" in my search history.
Omw to class last day
You forgot your earrings over here
Social Media Phenomenon - TransWorldNews (press release)
Rabbit Rabbit, April fools and Happy Palm Sunday
*Yawns* Give it up, already.
Happy hump day everybody!!
": Stop making hoes feel important...."
All you gay marriage supporters are going to Hell. Those of us who hate the poor are going to Heaven.
you're welcome. Faith and prayer go a long way. Never forget that.
Iz wrong to admit that #myfavoritesongsever are all by Cat Stevens?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
Post fundraiser horseshoe next week?
Alrighty...busy times ahead. Showcasing, screening Speargrove Presents, and seeing all sorts of amazing, talented friends!
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."-George Bernard Shaw
you are the WORST! we have been tying to get in touch regarding property stolen by your employees. #nohelp!
my parentsR more Mexican than me&they're not wearing green/white/red,i am
June I'm hit ATLANTA for the whole month Georgia peaches Hoodieboi comin to play
Very productive day. Feeling good and ready to triumph in our #BlockandAwe volleyball game tonight!
Slang is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose. Be careful though, it can make you seem more controversial and folksy.
but he didn't know that...
Do we get some money left on the dresser?
Taking two toughies: Relational Databases, and Management of Info Organizations.
Today - flying for L.A.!!!
thanks for bringing them over! Glad it was a hit.
"National Back to Church Sunday" is this Sunday 9/18..I'm bringing my friend James to Chi campus, how bout you?
sure is. Downtown is totally transformed for sxsw. It's crazy.
what grade you in?
I just want a whole Paisans pizza 🍴
Yes! I get that feeling all the time! I look at my twitter homepage and see 95 people following me! :-0
Your so KRAZY ! BUT FUNNY LOL
I really miss animal crackers!
Snowing in Clearview, REALLY?
#onceyou pop you can't stop
same here! Looking for a hotel now, any suggestions appreciated
ur tweets r very impowering 4 both women and men. I hope every1 of ur #Followers take heed to the info u provide. Thanks.
is mindless behavior coming to atlanta this summer?
Is in the mood to write long love letters today. Perhaps I'm being involuntarily caught up in the Valentines day marketing.
When you steal something.....don't ever try to put it back.
what the hell is wrong with my backround ...
What's montana's fan page??
I think the answer is 35 minutes past 54
I have had great luck with the reds & pinks by Pravana Chroma Silk Vivids. I only touch up about every 5 weeks. YMMV :)
Strategic thinkers are never predictable.
arranging events with folks like
whats good fam? thanks for the follow
Good Monday morning! Quote of the day - Everyone and everything around you is your teacher. Ken Keyes, Jr.
The Real Housewives of Disney: I'd watch it.
Use our 2 for 1 offer and bring a friend or colleague for free!
RT Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. - Rumi
a perfect person doesn't smoke,doesn't drink,doesn't cry,doesn't fail and doesn't exist
bad kitty.
I have too much time to think for myself
ps - thanks for the heads up :)
Working smarter and harder will take you further, faster.
288k for 1st. We restart tomorrow at 12 pm
I got my ipad !!
i know , i miss you and shelby . you guys are the only people i talk to and that doesnt even happen anymore
good morning alex!(: have an amazing day..{
my bitches always dtf !
ladies sushi and wine nights are part of a healthy diet haha ;)
haha me too! And no problem guys, love ya! :) when ya comin to MA (or PA for Kat), btw?! :p haha
i never get in fights so watching people get in some is dumb//funny lmao
#ff thinking this is phallic =======>
Operation #drunkdavid will commence in minutes!
watching survivor.
haha seriously, I'm so blonde! I told my friend we wouldn't get wet... Sitting in 'soak zone' Haha joke is on me :P
do we hav a delayed start tomorrow?
thanks! we hope you get to go on a trip soon!
Nice pic! Hope you have a great time at your #PROM!! Make it memorible! :)
Responded to FIRE @ 298 Main St, Catskill, NY 12414. Red Cross auto update.
Happy Monday Everyone!
it's always about the money!!
Nice, Barefoot has great beans. I miss going there every afternoon!
Consider following our site - www.homerlea.org and - to learn about an authentic American Don Quixote
I'm not trying to become a millionaire, but a man of value. (by me)
you can probably speak to 1k people & they all have screenplay ideas yet, won't say anything in fear of their idea being "stolen".
But the economy will remain ruined unless you personally watch every single spring/summer blockbuster movie!
Thanks for helping us spread the word! :)
i know right!!!!
Who is going to Gold Cup tomorrow?
I hate it when I get waken up by my drool hahaha
you work quickly...way to go!!!
The professor must have made a mistake in grade reporting. You actually made a 50/100. Resume your normal shafted gloom.
what time is it gonna be the ustream? :)
in a word: yes.
#Messi is ridiculous! Thinking we need to get him some GT. Goal scoring machine! Even Americans are paying attention!
Celebrating Dia de Las Madres with a good steak sandwich lunch and the family at
"I have no patience and I hate waiting..."
Patrice Petro being at a private university doesn't make you better. Scholars need to engage what's happening in public education.
We're looking for people to follow - are you an architect, builder, dealer or distributor?
Five solutions by could double production, cut environment damage in half.
I miss you
I love getting happy notes from audience members! "Excellent production. We had a great time. Thanks Mortar Theatre Co!" -Carol G.
Happy valentines day !!!!
Join Nikki at the Hill Country Galleria from noon-2pm for Snow Day. It’s the perfect opportunity to shop and have fun with the fam!
really needing comedy tonight
Well, hello March.
Bout to hit the beach with my fam. Times like now make me proud to be living where I live
I voted for Nicole Michelle. By the way Bre can you follow me babe this is Bobby Howard
My thanks go 2 god 4 waken me up 2 see another day -kuz niggaz a B here an gone da Next day Guddaz}v
U ride for me , i have no choice but to ride for u .
Teens on Laptops + Electric Slide=Good times.
have the weirdest feeling that somethings gonna happen
Taxonomy sucks.
we're in the northeast and it is slow for us, too especially if creating a new grouping of photos
i love you :$
Good to be back in buffalo!
Can you add "Augie"to that?
I'll take that as motivation to keep decluttering. :) Are you feeling better?
People keep asking me y im always so happy...well I respond with y not?? as long as everyday you are doing somethong better fo urself!!
Who is this grout bully guy? And why is he yelling? Wish he was dead like billy mays
What if my bad luck with relationships exists..... because i didnt forward that chain letter in middle school??
today - student org fair in atrium; tomorrow - last info session for semester,12-1pm annenberg 5. thurs - deadline for london spring 2010!
Heading over to Laurelhurst Park at 9am for a FREE Baby Boot Camp Class! ...Where I'll Also Be Giving away a FREE Photo Shoot! :-)
awesome!! Thanks!
": two bitches unfollowed me. Ima find out right now who it was." Lol yo ass is funny
but I wish I never would have dated him, cause that when shit like this gets awkward..
Snow Hill senior finds niche
you a Nook owner? I have been considering and debating....
An excellent photo essay
i just wrote a fan mail to her like 2 years ago and finally i got it yesterday in the mail, CANT BELIEVE IT :)
Building a house on a rock is building a house on solid faith. Building a house on the sand is building a house on weary faith.
no sweat. I had fun! Stay in touch.
I Hate School!! >.< #NowPlaying - WMYB Best track to listen to before going to class! :D x x x x x x
#oomf is looking like a 10 today. If not at least a 9.9!!
Why does Johnson know everything about anything? No wonder he doesn't want people asking him questions .
I love clear flow...
thanks man! I copied you on camping trip to CO email, hopefully you can fit that in, I'm going to press Grisha to go
Ohio bound!
who wanna put money up on a game off one on one
[Expiring] One- or Two-Hour Unlimited Arcade-Game Package at Game Time (Up to 67% Off)
Great day of taping my new pilot to pitch to the networks
Damn its 43 outside damn global warming
Making these doc/dentist/dermatologist appointments...I'm confusing myself lol
Tomorrow is my appt at health dept. Looking forward to maybe getting some answers. I'm feeling like a zombie today. :/
Under your tutelage I am flourishing! THanks for the share! I <3 u!
RT : Today in 1962, Brian Epstein became The Beatles manager. His first directives: "Get haircuts and no more leather jackets"
That's that shit I don't like
What's ur most fav fat burner?
Too young too care.
I am grateful today for my ability to speak, think, listen, and feel. What are you grateful for?
#ILostMyVirginityTo an older woman. Thank you Kate. You were great.
Hello to my #SuperFriends in #Indonesia!! Very warm welcome to Family! Have fun with #iPhone game!
GRAND SLAM!
THINKIN BOUT CHANGIN MY TWITTER TO Loverboi_VS_Me do you like
Ugh the times at work when you wana punch your employee!! But what does it look like.when the boss gets fired for beating they ass?
Hm stereo live tonight?
Where are u?
GL: 'People who control nothing will be blamed for everything." quotes Malcolm X: make a new model of racism every year. this year: AZ...
Let's get those bartenders up here.
nope still alive n kickin lol your just outta the loop apparently
If you're trying to make your EX jealous obviously that means you still care.
So I'm @ the movie theater with the Fam and after one finish we go to the other one is that wrong for jumping from one to another and anoth…
How many people can fit in a twin bed
We have a "non-journalist" at our helm, and he's been *excellent*. Frankly, I appreciate the perspective.
My obsession with detachable faux-fur collar continues. They're so great for changing up the look of my winter jackets-->...
'would Ariel hurry up so I don't have to do this anymore.'
From the comcast rep: "We can't send you anything to your new address since I just closed your account. But the post office is working OK."
"The book is realistic. It's not amateurish, nor does it seek sympathy." Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
That was scary seeing cars flipped over, people crying, lights flashing all around
Why is Dad (killer sax player & businessman) trying to park his Taxi at the front door of formal event we're playing. LMAO at his swag!!
happy to provide you newbie friendly tutorial videos at Article Marketing. Get the latest Article Marketing Tips for free :-)
Anytime my friend!
okay :D got my girlfriend over.... gona be an awesome day ;) <3
What's a "punter" ?? #Oliviers2012 #britishism?
Joe Flacco ranked higher then Romo, Joe Thomas & Vince Wilfork
& if you don't believe in me , just believe in He .
thank you!! We'll try not to bore you!
LOL RE: When I think of what it means to respect a woman. I think of this song.
Today will mark the 7th day in a row I will be doing my #LakeCalhoun rounds - Spring is here #MN spring is here!
Meek Mill swag crazy on the tracks... s/o Marcell hit put me on back wen he was a flamer
is there an organization behind it?
The day seems pretty nice besides this annoying wind.
jen! we got the new twitter on here :(
I think it's going to be that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
My account has been hacked. For everyone that got a direct message from me, it wasn't from me. Sorry and please disregard it. Thanks!
Is your phone broken girl? Congrats on the big game. We, apparently, couldn't pull it off.
enjoy your weekend too!! 🌷 follow us back!
Kings don't swat flies the have fly swatters
i also believe that.
Any political rep. who does the bidding of the Koch Bros. Rove, ALEC, etc. should be put on trial for treason against the people of the U.S.
"Make things as simple as possible, but no simpler." --Albert Einstein. This is one of my favorite quotes from the brilliant man.
yes, open class
hurry and get here!!! RT “: Almost to Carmel!! Can't wait for a weekend on the beach with , and !!”
The proper hashtag is
Watching GoDaddy Super Bowl ads never bothered me until this year, when my kids were actually old enough to process what was going on.
My boyfriend. Formerly known as my iPad. Ha! #nerdsdoitbetter. I kid. I kid.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
shit & if huntermark got on it it would have been a done deal & you're dad called me huntermark lol I was like wtf
Greatest entrepreneur is the guy who sells out his crotch to be kicked for a fee. A sliding scale, disposition dependent.
It was necessary. Unhealthy obsessions....hahaha. I love you
To the igloo to the sleigh, to the sleigh. Sweat drops down my paws and all us female dogs.
Also John, thanks for all you do...Solidarity brother!!!
There is no success inside walls of doubt and apathy
Logging out for a bit. Everyone be safe.
Just locked myself out of my place. What an idiot!!
Thank you so much!!! Xo
Glad to here you don't get migraines anymore. How much water do you drink each day? Increasing it will probably help...
Jamison has also worked with local crews on her shoot locations, which she finds makes the film even more about the people in the country
then how bout you dance to it Halia?
Go to www.freekshowradio.com
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
You're very welcome!
Thank you I'm quite passionate about it. :-)
Dreamed I blasted to yoga on rollerblades. it was like the rollerblade scene in D2: The Mighty Ducks // foreshadowing 4 future adventures.
#ireallywant to have a day with One Direction just me and my 3 directioners with them to have fun with them be free maybe catch a# ha
COME JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME FOR DRINKS...DJ...FUN!!!!! SEE YOU TONIGHT!!!
Yeah, that makes two of us!
... It's on channel 709
All the world's a stage: Noticing life's musical sounds bit.ly/pZAzPF
I actually hit a few balls this afternoon...I think ill keep passing out drinks.
yes, decided to start one for my freelance gig eventually it will be my only account.
Bad call, costs TFC huge!!!!
Recorded WBEZ interview w/ sore throat, fueled only by cupcakes. Sugar-high, chain-smoking truck stop waitresses love libraries.
Nice!!! Absolutely! 😉
Hope everyone is checking out my boys and A. Smith on
I've got a first draft of that script for Death Proof around here somewhere a buddy from UTA gave me. Quentin is m'man
- Thank you for the RT! Bill Nelson is a good man for Florida.
I wanna go to the park
I'm into you
Anyone up for getting lunch?
I follow you already. lol
Neapolitan ice cream was made for people who can't make a decision. Come on people -decide something, even if it's wrong.
Thanks, Melanie! Glad you enjoyed it.
Going to Barney's to get a candle
how has larry not been seriously caught like making out yet im not even joking.
haven't been at the computer today but I will.
RT : "Bicycling is a social sports - so social media compliments us well"
Not riding your shopping cart to the car is the first sign of depression
You're welcome mrs triplett for basically a new pencil sharpener.
like me lol
Happy Mother's Day Brie!
Great to see the energy in MSG tonight. Heat are shaken by it a bit.
Congrats Riley, you deserve it, (sniff) we will miss you in Portland!!
And that damn song is STILL in my head.
see ya there :)
:) Excited!! I'm gonna get a color and awapuhi hair treatment and maybe a haircut...you still down for Saturday? Shopping! Woot
GENIUS. That & that one moment with Thor had me in stitches. Brilliant timing.
The way you did this tweet made me laugh.
Finally done with this homework..
#OriolesMagic Another win!
Thinking about hosting business planning workshop at local community colleges. Need to develop the syllabus. Great op to sell some books!
Hi Ryan can you please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
so true!
12/14 stop by Broadway Bar for The Magic Hour featuring a rotating line up of LA's best DJs playing a different genre of music each hour.
It's hot af!
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Article looks great - and, for the record, four drink days before 9:55pm quickly become nine drink nights.
Well you may be right,but he is not going to show up for Training camp either.
Back on track
my my my!!! go ahead Pastor!!
I can never be happy...
Battier back in the day could actually hit an open three, particularly in the corner... he's just zilch on the offensive end now.
please share if you do find it!
Elizabeth knows why. Smh
"Hoosiers" is highly thought of, but an even better film might be made on Crispus Attucks's 1954 team.
Scored a job interview tonight!!! Excited
Wanna be a rockstar in all you do? Check out his videos are awesome, too! ://lnkd.in/XjNPbB”
well, keep us posted...
This sucks! should have won!I love you
@ #Cenation the rock rules
tell your dad I said thanks! and look out for the dog line this summer :)
I love The Guardian, but they sure leave out a lot of a's, and's and the's on a regular basis.
We are so honored! Thx for following!
lol my mom always tells me that too
#ogw But dumping data in one place makes it possible for many creative minds to innovate with the data -- not just the data owner.
thanks bud!!!
Rula Bula is the Irish pub in Tempe where the release party for Tricked will take place. 3 hr fan party.
talk to me mahomies, ask me question.. i'd love to answer/talk to you ♥
Comedy show next Sun. #Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
#newb just did his first twit!
Thanks. And absolutely we should! Miss ya too
you going to hang out with us
RT : Tony Bennett was running out of players, but his team still found a way to win Tuesday nite in Blacksburg:...
I need to watch that show and see what all the fuss is about
....and on the people he used in sweat shops to dazzle the world with his gadgets. Not worth it.
You might not want to admit that there are facts known, but there is quite a bit. Sorry, but your boy is WI's own Blago.
I hate ruining everything
did you say wine? Yes, please ;)
Showw me a god time
Hey Everyone! Don't forget to check out T-shirts!
your girl is here
Im tweaking right now?? It could be the four hours if sleep
RT : Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter takes us right up to NFL free agency.
you need to follow me so I can DM you
You should submit the question on Sporting Explore so we can credit you with points!
Every time you call my name I want to kill myself you're so annoying
“: Can I take a Fish hook in the urethra over watching the Golden Globes..!!!”
Always two sides to a story so dnt bring that pitty shit
Oh my gosh :) :) please be over like now pleaaasee
Absolutely! We've got (3 main card events!) What are your picks?
ha! well played.
There's no way I can pay you back But the plan is to show you that I understand You are appreciated
Good night everyone. Got a long writing night ahead. Tweet dreams.
Looking forward to working with you!
It is sad that our first reaction is to wonder who Sam Hurd's customers for cocaine and marijuana were on the Dallas Cowboys.
Happy Anniversary !!
TjMax therapy session with
I'm being watched.
I would pay money to watch that game.
Damn the LA RIOTS bring back crazy memories.
what's your name again?
lmaoooo I love it!!!
Camera 1... Hot chick. Camera 2....nervous chick.
i have no idea. but where are you?
Sarah your perspective on & #boston #startup is invaluable. THX!
Tell me shaq is wearin this red sweater right now. He looks like a giant cool aid man.
I do not want to go to school today.
Just chilling at work..gettin off at 3 n then some madden time.Damn can't wait for nba 2k11.. gonna b sick
if you are delayed at newark and want to do radio interview let me know
Hey iOS and Android programmers... Is there anyone out there who can help me with a possible FLips app? George ->
i wished for nothing beyond her smile, an to walk with her thus, along a sun-warmed, flower-bordered path
1 in 5 American children lives in poverty.
ouch I feel your pain!
": ...or good ideas always start out as a bad decision?" Either way with Whiskey it will be more fun! Happy Snow Day!
Mark Lyons not returning to Xavier. Kind of surprised, kind of not. Best of luck to Mark.
All you people who hack into other peoples twitters/blogs/facebook. Get a life!
Run For Your Life
Small minds think small time¡
Thank you :-)
what's the contest?
and beer, you forgot beer.
Mad props 2 's host for the NH Primary. She's a real trooper wading through calls. She clearly cares about cspan's role in this mess.
8-) No. If the blue pill is reality, and the red pill is virtual reality, then the purple pill represents augmented reality.
friends tithes benefits
best friends are the best they don't care if your the most normal person on earth or the wierdest person in the world that's why i love them
Bruce, I see it as Google's answer to compete with Facebook. #blogchat. It's cool.
I need a banging ass restaurant to try in San Juan. That mamas kitchens type shit!
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed may the hoes be exposed tonight
Our "Rock n Roll Icons: Photographs by Patrick Harbron" #exhibition is now OPEN! Don't miss amazing images!
DJ Cyn Spinnin @ The MLT!! Its Whiskey Wednesdays!! I start in a few!! Hope 2 C U!!
Really hate when I wait all day to see if you'll text me first and it doesn't happen...
people people, please follow shes jealous of how many followers i have c;
before you know it, he'll be up there with me in tweets lol
Tell a friend about us?
finallyy finished my homework. still have to clean and other stuff-_-
Yo chick she so thirsty
I think I'm at my most adorable while saying to myself 'I'm nightblind, be careful! I'm nightblind, be careful!' and then I fall over a dog.
Getty leadership in arts management recipient at AFTA - next gen of arts leaders
Are they going to have some sort of Mad King Aerys flashback scene? They've pretty much avoided all flashbacks so far.
lls GD morning Hun:) good show lastnight. Really enjoyed myself can't wait for tonight .........
Lol! RT : Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!
*Sniff sniff* Oh, hello, Allergies. If I roll over and assume the fetal position now, will you promise to take some pity?
thats lame .. lol is it even any good anyway
Did Amanda Seyfried and JLo pick the same Oscar dress? Both in Armani Prive
Working on a new video.... Everyone is invited to be a part of it. More info to come.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
that was a fitting end 4sho. It was as raw a roast I've seen, nothing off limits. #winning indeed
I have lost 10 pounds in three weeks with no diet change 100 percent all natural
Claiborne's low test score just gives critics and media something to analyze. Prediction - it won't affect his draft position at all.
yes i can
he's been weeping back here..
The on & off rain <<< ATL got my outfit all confused
Maradona & Charles Barkley = highest entertainment value of retired athlete in all sports
I wanna hear you on the radio soon! Get on it!
#Digitour2012 was Awesome! & are so nice. I had a wonderful time.
Happy 4th everyone lol no fireworks for me boo :(
your personal twitter? wow. that stinks.
This Satuday the Drama unfolds even more Landon? David? our Nations Capital!!!?? what does all this mean??!!
Thank you for the RT! :)
I Couldn't Believe Still Remember The Shirt We Had ! : ) In Elementary School
Wondering why Twitter thinks I need to "discover" Beyonce. Perhaps Twitter thinks I dwell beneath a large rock.
With weather like this + it being a Thursday night .... You know it's going to be a great night on Milwaukee Street! Insane Sushi!
#freesh1t hands down the best episode is with Chris in the patriotic wolves shirt with dungeon siege prizes!
wonder how many hockey "experts" had the Rangers, Devils, Kings & Coyotes as the last 4 teams alive when they made preseason predictions?
bell gardens a back house high tower is my roommate
I built this body....doo..be..doo.....I built this body on BROC & KALE!
Snow is now falling in most areas of Denver, 1-4 inches are expected today with an additional inch on Friday.
Thank you for the shoutout!
The Party's at Stone Brewing Co. Greg Koch's Petco Park condo in May issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles.
literally just spammed the heck out of niall..feeling a tweet limit coming on !
So glad you liked it! RT : Just read the Mama Makeover article in Sept issue; what a great inspiration!
if I wasn't in chicago I'd totally do that! Talking myself out of going to the mac pro shop al day!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Android Tablet - 32 GB - Dual Camera
: where at on campus?
Taboo2 Tonight Ladies Free All Night.
Disaster strikes hard, slaps you right in the face. Everything good that you knew now leaves a sour taste.
heard you'll be hosting the concert next week =)
performing live tonight at Lighthouse Missionary Baptist Church revival in Forest Park, Ga
Love it and wholeheartedly agree.
absolutely! Great meeting you as well. Looking forward to hanging at the summit!
damn yu bs'n!
oh hell yeah!
to make people think they are professional photographers?
Is it just me or does anyone else wonder who came up with #Belieber ?
i'm honestly so tired. school AND driving school kills.
he's been just so incredible this season and its only just begun!! <3 :]
Breakfast with Then SERFing.
DOES ANY ONE EVER SEE MY TWEETS?! RT if you do. :/ I feel like no one does.
Time for the dreadful packing smh
Happy long (and well-deserved) weekend to all our North American friends! Eat, sleep, drink, swim, tan, play, run, dance, work... rock on!
Send along the details when you have them, we'll put in our enews!
SUMMER BFD, DURHAM NC, CAMPING, and SANTA BARBARA <3 life.
Just starting to brew. Cookies, beer, BBQ, nomnom. Come on over! 1742 n Rockwell.
How rare is it for an NBA games leader scorer to only play 17 min? Or have 14 other guys play more min?
thanks for the RTs as well! Let us know if anyone responds to ya :)
u have a choice. u can throw in the towel or you can use it to wipe the sweat off your face.
Nice pic. I like it
oh lol then just wait for her :p
Michelle Bachman had dual citizenship with Switzerland and the US. She renounced the Swiss. #nobama CAN'T prove his citizenship ANYWHERE.
I have a great saying on my office wall: put the filter in the child, not on the technology.
OK Starcraft ranking is FUCKED....I lost both my placement matches and got placed 15 platinum :-O
slept in. had bacon & eggs & coffee. i take back all the terrible things i ever said about Hallmark Holidays. ;)
why am I picturing Chris Elliott in Groundhog day?
we played 2 good periods...it just was too late. I hope Philly and LA win today to pick me up
Scavenging fixtures & furniture at Borders to save MPOW some dough. More sustainable than buying new, too.
your not gonna see this but what do you think about that new boy band #asktoni .
All the world, every past & future, is reflected in a raindrop, falling ever free, then suddenly shattered by fate, in shocking silence.
Great effort-great results!!! Get it!
where exactly does the money raised go?
Since I came to work today instead of staying home sick I've been dying to know what Wendy Williams wig looked like today :(
thanks for the follows #teamfollowback #ifollowback stay tuned
lol i bet
that would be a amazing if you made a movie!<3 I would wanna be in it.(;
I'm a sucker for the parades lol. Especially the night one at the magic kingdom.
looking good
Thanks for rollin' our way, ! Always a pleasure to have you guys!
Thank you.
yes, you're infrastructure is built on tech developed in the 60s. time to get into the 21st century!
I'm Austin's bed:)
Jenn- dinner on sat was so much fun! glad we got to meet!
Hate seeing blind people trip...
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
The Groupon is for two tickets.
I know, I just miss being able to feel it. lol
I don't always tell you that your slipping ...but when I do, its obvious that its true. Stay Listening my friends.
...lol. when i first read your tweet, i thought you had typed a wolf howl...i like! thanks for the compliment!
Children at the Journey House Milwaukee enjoyed a wonderful Breakfast With Santa this morning thanks to your generosity!
West village pillage
Slept for four hours, got up at four, finished all my homework, told to clean my room at seven, and crawl back into bed.
it was still hilarious!!
I'm gonna give you a lot of shout outs.
Don't fuck with other bitches cause them other hoes are phony.
Thanks for the heads up. I've not read it; I know Bill, and he's pretty competent. Too bad about the book.
You probably wouldn't look as cool studying, Lamar, that's what. Thanks for the love - we'd be lost without you.
Those bottles are beautiful.
Who gonna take a kush break wit me?
follow she is my friend that was with me at the concert and she loves you too!!!
what happened to politics free Sunday?
“: 6......”----Ok Ci were heading into the home stretch! Let's show the world how Ci and the #Csquad roll.
It's Monday morning - that means off to the gym for my morning workout :-)
My friend said that onions were the only food that make u cry. That changed after I threw a watermelon at her face :)
What a fun-filled day yesterday! Padres game, a banquet & music fest at Citadel. Can't wait to get some pics up. Check for them on Monday
Having a month long battle with insomnia is not the business.
can I see your Johnson?
Don't judge if the only thing you know abt me is "My name"
is there anyway we can try to bring HL back?
sometimes the wrong choices, bring us to the right places!.....---
Get ready to play this summer with 's #BOGO 50% off summer essentials sale through May 13
sure can blame the Rs for the Buffet rule going down. Cloture needs 60, Ds dont have cloture-proof majority.
how can i forget that lol,
A strawberry, vanilla, pineapple sprinkle covered pie with whipped cream to the face on a hot and humid Miami day.
How could you forget about me???
ha ha okay what's her % ?
You are fantastic singer!
I'm so magnetizing that I've ruined 2 bank cards in about three weeks. This is getting old
A hoodie doesn't make you a criminal; a mike & TV audience doesn't make you a smart journalist/TV personality
i have been followin yah so wat do i get for tht?
The love that I was once craving for you has now FADED away.
coming to LV next week was considering Capo's Italian for dinner did you like it?
whaat?? that looks pretty crazy
don't think you're following me...so you should, and then tell everyone about ! this is my clothing company - Matt :)
Tryin' To Be There For June & July .
Fackiing perfect pink
Watch out we are growing Big...this month 500 users active
“: Andy budd. No self introduction. Starts with a story. Amazing way to kick it off. #idea10”
yum & for a quarter to boot. Thanks!
24 October 2011: Happy UN Day! Also, greetings to the newborn who became the 7 billionth person this week.
Why did it suck for you?
I read this. It is a good article. Timing is soo important!
It's weird to be at #SMCSea without my amazing and awesome friend , lady you are missed!
I can do that
Why am I up so early this is not normal for me
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
Kinsley's 1st birthday! Happy Birthday!
You just don't know how much I love that blue bear!
Playing records tonight with Dixie & Sean! Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!
Honest post on a horrific situation #PSU. Kids who were molested are the victims NOT Paterno. ow.ly/7qng2
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 7
Can't say I'm thrilled about that. The yakkers will take over the only remaining peaceful refuge.
got paid today. I wish I got paid today! Maybe he'll take is out to dinner !
Adidas are two real
Can you dress up as a purple unicorn?
Melanie Iglesias body is m!
Former Lobo MT : #Brewers regain the lead in the fifth. Minor-leaguer Rafael Neda with a leadoff 1B off Kershaw, then scores.
Democracy... just a dream?
got a fishbowlDC shout out, who could ask for more? :-)
Beautiful morning in GA today man
omg. We should have one soon. I miss you too.
Haha girls that are underage are so funny.
It's Sunday December 25, 2011 at 4:05 pm Central time and The Bears still suck
I figured you were really really curious about whether or not guys got full on tingly-feeling nervous obsessive crushes
i want a sampling keyboard. i wanna make jams now. right now.
I had a dream once that socks were really predators that ate feet... then again, maybe it wasn't a dream.. they hunger!
Max's hair in Beyond Thunderdome is awesome. He created the Glam-mullet/Dredlock/I haven't washed my hair in six weeks look.
yup it's official you ✋'ed it lmao
got so hype today, he popped off his own helmet haha
How does this company manage to do any business? Their upload process is glacial! Not to mention confusing.
will be seen on Sundays next season.
Not going to lie, at this point I basically just use Facebook to get restaurant coupons. My 'Likes' can, and have, been bought.
Packages are not being delivered to my house. "Incorrect address", Not incorrect. Distribution center is NOT helpful. Very frustrated.
Congrats Josh & Cesar. The first to try out
#davidwest is a thug
Oh, by the way, regardless of the semantic debate of suspension/ending the quest for delegates-- #RonPaul or None at All
Cant stop wont stop
mixing a single
Yes ma'am music show... I'll try some Deathray
RT : is back up and we have added an rss feed as well as comment sections and new creatures!!!
He goes to !!
Happy Birthday Austin <333
sounds like a great idea to me!
thanks for the RT!
UGH! Don't know if I can do that Sun. Will take a look see. FYI- up for going out Sat. May 19th.
Just once on a cooking show I'd like someone 2 taste-test the completed dish scrunch up their face & say "Oh my God that tastes like shit!"
Looking for a bad ass eCommerce developer. Platform agnostic? Available? Then get at us.
I'm so pleased with President Obama's performance over the weekend I think we should make him an honorary citizen.
Why is not my boyfriend #channingwho?
Primary season in Fort Wayne & I feel compelled to vote for one of the coroner candidates. Forensic dentist > chiropractor in this case.
Those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter - do what makes you happy
Where tf is travis porter
lol, I don't remember. I got it for my niece who likes to "cook". Not sure my SIL approved of it, though. ha ha!
show em how it's done! #golobos!!!
Hey lady! Thanks for the follow. Vino soon-o
thanks 4 a great show & interview
“: not really...they don't have venom glands but their bites do agitate”oh ok thx for the info, we have plenty snakes here
Learn how neuroscience can add to the understanding of human construction of religious meaning in Religion and the Body, out now:...
my friends are always getting stabbed on the block. as if they where a magnet for knives.
ahh; that sucks bro i wouldve thought u had a job already, nd im still doiin the same
Pretty sure my last words are bound to be "fuck this shit." But your epitaph sounds good, too.
THAT should give them an idea how old the book is. Hope you photo shopped it.
Someone in my office is eating a huge ramen noodle bowl. I gotta admit it smells really, really good!
So my aunt thinks shes lesbian and got her girlfriends name on her chest o.0 its only been a month -.-.
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Most ridiculous support ticket: someone wrote in a two paragraph rant agains the use of the word "Howdy…
If Valencia win at the Bernabéu tonight the Clásico at Camp Nou will quite possibly decide Liga. The sextuple is still alive.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world. Enjoy Your Day!! All Smiles!!!! Muchlove!!!
How a dog going take care of a next dog ? Hmm!!! Lol
All the arts we practice are apprenticeship. The big art is our life.
Sisyphus throws a pizza party. RT How am I going to make it up this hill carrying all this pizza!
haha nice, I been looking for some new ideas to shed some
#YourCuteAndAllBut you said Austin can't sing. WHATS WRONG WITH YOU!?
I could reminds me of a black Britney spears
Sundays are whatever you want to make them. I am choosing to work!!
June 12, 1982 disarmament protest paper is part of my dissertation--maybe a couple of years until it's done. I'm happy to share.
4th quarter.. Bron gonna fold up.. This is your time Pacers
Epcot, with my family :) good luck on your 13.2 mile race mother!
today at noon, another , and discussion. Today's topic -
Step. Away. From. The. French. Bread.
My Favorite Mistake: Spanx Founder Sara Blakely - Daily Beast
Mine in eight days #Taurus RT : My birthday is two days away!!
How Did the Original JP Morgan Do It?
We sure will Miss Carbine.
#IfIHadThePower to eliminate poverty, i would
I would like to go on the record to say that I think the human (non-Muppet) actors in this movie do a great job.
back in late 90's Ravens beat writers always had good things to say about Hue Jackson, good for him and Oak fans
Last night I couldn't read before bed because my book kept rebooting. THE FUTURE!
Its the last friday until the end of the year and I couldnt be happier
Well-tilled garden bed / One white blossom misbehaves / Standing tall, laughing
You are a tremendous warrior and role model! Good luck with the next part of your life!
Leaving the RG. Happy and sad...tough game, Dallas was on fire! Here's to a long summer and warmer weather!
lol Andy I can't see the symbol
capped off a amazing long weekend in Chicago with the stomach flu. Ugh.
Watching River Monsters and surfing the web. Must be Sunday...
sorry you missed our State of Black Theatre event. I put it on blast. Next time. Blessings. cb
my parents are so dramatic.
I'm not gonna have any time to do my stupid fucking homework if we don't leave soon.
There is a time for everything And a season for every activity under the sun...
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
love the new album/mixtape Taylor Allderdice!
Your Welcome!
I am so blessed to have learned the lessons I've learned and travel the path I do.
RT : Jus ordered some D&G shit<----I'm a rob u
Life's a garden, dig it!
I have a feeling my twittering is going to start falling apart now that I have to be productive all day.
“: Watched "Friends with Benefits" today...all I got to say: I'm in love with Mila Kunis...That is all!” Who Isn't?
fuck you all who hate on ICONIC BOYS they are greater than ever so u can lick balls
I JUST NOTICED ED SHEERAN WAS PLAYING ON PANDORA. LOL. I was sub consciously singing without knowing it. xD
That doesn't make sense! :3
and pls make the point that there have been tons of mplp case studies in the prof lit so I don't have to.
You don’t have to like me. I’m not a facebook status.
on my bed with me! Duh jajaja!
I try lol
Working on acting exercises with mr jackson! :-)
This one is for Pancho "Tony" Gonzalez and Amanda.
Squeeze! Rons got big balls!
You mean ? RT : Where's Allison?! #rumpusroom (@ Rumpus Room - A Bartolotta Gastropub w/ 5 others)
•...has had no continuous drop in value, such as paper currencies, for 2,600 years.
There are entirely too many cops out today 🚓
"I'm not afraid of the dark, I'm worried about Schmidt. He's a Jew in the desert, I don't want him to wander." XD
The day is not complete until my hands smell like guitar strings.
May issue is available today!!
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
Ur welcome hey do u know who's # this is (407) 404-4121
A BIG thank you to all of our awesome customers! Just got a box of chocolates and a thank you note for some recent shirts we printed.
Closed tonight for maintenance, cosplay rehab intensive.
thank you!!
What to do at 1am? :/
If you ever tweet "RT for a shout out" I'll throw up on your face.
That's more like it #orioles!
are you a zionist??
Do girls just get hit on all the time?
Consider joining your local public library! Libraries allow you access to books, films and the internet for no cost!
hahahaha :) this is why I love you!
Anti-aging treatments by dermal fillers aren't permanent, but they offer a great non-surgical alternative to surgical procedures.
Had without a doubt the coolest dream ever last night
We're serving up lunch @ our normal spot on 24th & San Antonio & we're also posted up behind the University CO-OP @ the Google Punch'd event
there is no god
When girls wear snapbacks <
RT “: Windows down, sporting blue and gold attire, listening to at the #IMS talking #pacers. It's May in #Indy baby!”
Another day the Lord has blessed us with. Thankful for those who sacrifice their lives for the freedom of our country
love her purple hair :)
Beanna. That's a cute couple name. (:
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
I hope Ms. have a good night....
all I can say is payback will be fun lol
if you're not married what would you call them?
do you need a merch seller in Nashville? I'd love to help out any way I can! I haven't worked for you in years, I miss it!
you should! =)
what's a lens cap? Isn't that what UV/haze filters are for?
Buzzfeed called; they want their etc. etc.
All i do is get cheese, like im takin pictures.
like the new pic!
Just sent a kik message to Answer me back bro.
:) RT : We are the weather is perfect and the wine is sublime, cheers!
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive. Researchers hoping to view them must sign a disclaimer. (via )
Honored to have you as a sponsor this year! Many thanks for your support!
Pipe down LaGreca!!
Woo-hoo! | “: On my way to morning news 2 talk FREE NYC ACTIVITIES FOR your KIDS spring break STAYCATION!”
We might get a compensatory pick late in next yrs draft
It's art, of course.
oh lol. Well I don't have a reason to not like you so...
you were right about Awake :( RT : NBC cancels Awake, Bent, Are You There Chelsea?, and Best Friends Forever.
yea i guess hahaha CM Punk my diet soda!! :)
Busy day today..let's get it!!
I WATCHED A DOCUMENTARY ON THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR TOO!
i wish i had a gatorade😔
Lara, you're so nice. I was going to say to steal their stapler or something. Or maybe readjust their chair.
It's real frustrating to me, I always thought id sober up for a girl, 100% clean living, wasn't worth 2 cents
Going to be watching a Rivers Edge in HD thanks to netflix instant - very excited er stoked!
circa survive. OMG. Love! <3
school tomorrow .__.
Cool :) Always be willing to learn something new. I honestly thought a lot differently about the world until I traveled.
where are you? You disappeared :(
Thank you love. <3 RT : better to be early than late ..get that worm boo! Good vibes ur way
- Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page! Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner! www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
oh my gosh I am actually so EXCITED :)
Pic was posted by in front of #gdpilarhi ship!
Maybe he'll get on the BJCP style committee. Every style will finish with "moderate to strong phenols are appropriate."
oh yeah kinda my new drink.
I guess you're my favorite tweeples lol. Enjoy the weekend
What kind of beats?
My 2000th tweet goes out to my other supportive friends who have thought of me and made sure to text me like <3
Nice! I'm sure the print will look great. I love this canvas.
apparently when you want to make a point about something you did you insert the word bitch.
I'm eating a banana right now ! :D
thanks dude! Lol
He says "it had nothing to do with me! It was all the post office's fault!" Sorry buddy. The post office isn't the one who didn't notify me.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once you grow up. - Pablo Picasso
some door guy talked smack to me. There are too many bars out there to take any guff from their staff and keep going back.
Sadly there is no mirror or other download path to get #coldfusion installers, well not legally.
alright, im here. What it do plair?
This Chicken Express on POINT!! Why have I never had this, in my 7 months of it being down the street?!!!
So asked their fans to tell them who to bring on tour. So we want you to tweet/comment on their FB telling them Coyote Theory
the Eagle Has Landed... The Chicken is In the Pot... The Cat is Outta the Bag... The Cow Jumped Over the Moon...!
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
In what pookie :(
at least you can see color when you cook:-)
Only #7DaysTillBoyfriend cant wait !!
talk to me soon;)
Interesting #CakePHP behavior: $this->params['pass'] matches the Router::connect pass array order. Huh. Not sure how I feel about that...
that is cool carly, u rock!!
Why argue when I Can just puff on this Dank?
Im Shoot Ths School UP !
This cloudy weather makes me sleepy.
Hales: "Citizens want us to focus on basic services."
Grab a cooler and a six pack and come join us at summerstage in Central Park. 8pm - good times.
miss you to and I will <3
thanks..I've got it already.You just can't get how dangerous it is in here.The country seems to be large, but is very useless.
what video
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 67
RT : How to get followed by me: 1) FOLLOW 2) Retweet this 3) Tweet me a smiley :D
RT : Goodmorning beauties and beasts!!! Take a minute to thank HIM^
Sleep is the only project that I'm getting ready to work on right now.
so that works like Skype right? Miss you both, btw!!
minus the bitter right? Mistake I assume
based off the 6am photos looks like today is power cleans, kbs and... box jumps?
tebow passes to Mcgahee and there going to try to kick it. thats going to be a 45 yard field goal and its no Good.
Good work in ground defense class tonight. See you Saturday for #MMA Conditioning.
I amazed at the amount of rage
omfg i need the biggest favor from you, like NOW !!!!
“: Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.” #true!
what else would you call it?
Blackberry coming soon to Boost Mobile! $249.99 Curve 8300
so can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL! EYAE!
lmao jasmine will get knocked out
RT : Coming up this Saturday, 1:30 @ MplsCtrl Library: Taiko Drumming w/ ! Get a taste w/this YouTube clip:...
I have heard everything on #Packers.com including picking up #Tebow if he becomes a FA and turning him into FB. #Tebow in #TitleTown?
Will definitely have to review today's #kloutchat!
Matt Roark is the Harry Potter of UK football.
should be a great concert...with BT &H right?..
It's not about #data; it's about #analysis and
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
We got a full week of workouts ahead at Another big weekend coming up for our players. Working to get them ready!
they always said how their gonna get "loud" and they threw "hoists" instead of parties!
Going somewhere #warm & #sunny for #springbreak? Head over to in #thepearl for all of your cute #swimwear needs!
11:11 wishes do one true I wished that my video would upload &&IT DID IM THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD RIGHTNOW
maybe I should sign my job market cover letters with "Your most humble and obedient servant" or "I am, &c."
yes we will !
What do you all #newplay folks suggest as a way to make the past hour readable / accessible?
*Sigh*this boy has got me....<3
I dont see how people can travel by themselves. Especially international !
I really wish I could take off work for days as such... RT : Tomorrow is gonna be so insane, I'm scared already.
My father insists on calling my dog "the black poo"
them's fighting words. Especially coming from a knicks fan.
Only half of PurpleAires is wearing concert stuff. Ohwelllllll
Lots of work yet to do, have a productive evening where ever you maybe. We are striving to help as many people as we can! more in a bit...
My cats freak me out! 😳
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 5
I finally hit my first full house of the day and the deck is fouled (extra card) and all player's money is refunded.
Excellent point about the STC magazines. Yes, I like having them in hardcopy, but let's jettison them now and go online.
Very cool.
No no man I'm telling you the dolls character is British. It was made by a Japanese women in the 70's you are right ab that.
I'm still dumbfounded by the illusions I saw at the Magic Castle last night. Nathan Gibson was ridiculously good.
if u need a dj, promoter or host for any parties....let me know!!!!
Kentucky. Good game. you have a great team.
writing about 两条腿走路 and 样板戏 for a final paper, naturally.
RT : Aloha recovers fumble and takes it in for TD. PAT no good. Aloha 6-3
Wasting time trying to solve problems that I made in my head
Lake & Forest Club. My great-grandma lives out here, so we can go tubing whenever we want basically.
It's better to have loved and lost than to get leprosy and have to live on one of those colonies, losing limbs left and right.
Male Child Sexual Abuse is the elephant in the room that must be identified instead of ignored.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain.
LOL no one cares
Worry about. I will send you a message with some links about Buenos Aires from my blog. :0)
Dwight wants until the end of next year. He can demand a trade until he is blue in the face. We have him locked up.
Aw, i miss it too! Lol fun times xD
Glad to be back after a week. Hope all our friends on twitter have been well
I can think of several Kroger's in C-bus that match that description...The 1st to come to mind is sort of in Bexley.
"Leroy's Hands...The Gallery" coming to the Crossroads soon. Stay tuned!
Love hanging with - dopest dude ever.
Espinosa is no where close. Back to the minors.
FYI - even tho I love zombie movies and genre, Zombie Honeymoon is so not worth the time.
Super excited! just scored us tickets to see #cirquedusoleil tonight! hooray free #ovo :)
Enjoy discounts at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Depression Throughout Menopause
and of the PKD I've read previously, all great stuff. Will look into your suggestions
picture please
HMNS' 'Titanic' exhibition all but takes visitors aboard the real thing - Your Houston News
RT FUN MOVIE SCREENING ALERT: DARK SIDE OF OZ plays this Friday, October 23rd @ 8pm INSIDE
Next 5 to follow me get SOLO SHIUTOUTS!!!
Ughh I hate stress
Sean Carter Is Nicee; But Sean Price Is The Best♥
Got jammin' in my phones today. raping my ear puss, and in no way is that bad!
Hey a P90X reference! Nice!
got the tux, got the girl, got the crazy whip, got the green. hell yeah you better know its prom!
I do want to say QPR played their guts out and with only 10 min. Consolation they stay in premier league with Bolton Draw.
My straightener broke........
Sad to be leaving NM, but I desperately need some sleep.
but she had those budget workshops. I'm sure those were open forms for feedback, not a PR exercise, right?
send me ur email
The theme you picked is a winner :-) Super-clean and uses space well. Kudos!
RT : #cloudcamp #Bangalore kicks off with record number of attendees
knows that works really well for me!!!! Hi Adam! Hugs to you boo boo!!!!!!!
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my goal has cancer again :/
xD not really. It's just a joke. My voice messages on xbox are nearly 15 seconds of saying whore. I call everyone a whore. :P
I missed 11:11 :( but I was wishing for a follow #illkeeptrying :(
Y do they just play romeo must die n menace to society on vh1 shit is gettin repetitive
Darn Andre. Nice pass. #Blazer fans missed those this year.
I wrote a brief article about this- apparently Firefly is inappropriate but Deadpool isn't....
email me biz at tshirtoutlet.com
Prescription Assistance is here! check us out @ www.rx2you.com
I'm not sure. They were in the middle of the shift when I was in.
Wow. Sweet potato fries sound perfect today, don't they? Time to order from Pizza Shuttle! 289-9993
White vans, no socks
NIce to know you. Looking forward to your tweets!
I couldn't care less what Axl Rose does!
How can Nick Young ball in foamposites? Those shits are so heavy and uncomfortable to ball in.
It smells like vitaman pee in the office
“: Gym grind with and ..beast mode” superset till you can't give no more.. Then go again!
The more you lie, the more you have to remember. Be impeccable with your word and people will respect you
...let it rain over me...
don't worry, he is working on yet another one for marketing technology.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine. Brian Tracy
We're now at $1400 with only 2 minutes to go!
is it me or did i put these rapper bitches on the map again, u just mad cuz i went to the grammys wit tha vatican
Flat tire =
Try our Pizza of the Day! Pork Lovers with Ham, Bacon, Sausage. Just $12.00! Free order of Toasted Ravioli to those that mention this Tweet.
All I wanna know is why her?
Very wonderful, indeed!
Great book for people who wish to be more enlightened!
Kevin Prince Boateng You are My favorite soccer player I am your #1 fan please retweet me on me wall
Lets hope not!!! LOL RT : . Earl clark is gonna be the next lamar odum!
Made it to Dallas safely. Next time I'm flying
NEW Tweep Shoutout! Great connecting w/ many at
MT : ...I am suddenly seized with a desire to promote #treasures as the hashtag for embarrassing #specialcollections stories.
#genderequality to me is respecting others regardless of the decisions that they make regarding their gender.
thanks! That's my reminder to register. You plan to be there on Saturday?
Thanks you too :)
Would not be against coming in for bryzgalov.
well they r awesome!
Unorganized ppl mane. pitiful
In #Gwinnett where Duluth city leaders decided to hold off on proposal to let ppl drink alcohol outdoors downtown. Details at 11...
Keep A few Bad Bitches In My Circle
yes you can. There have been legal cases like that.
exactly. i don't care about the colour, but the courts themselves in monte carlo and madrid seem to be problematic this year.
Make your own Monday! Let us know what kind of wine you like and we build your tasting 4 for $14. Enjoy.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Bill Clinton admits to attending 1991 Bilderberg Meeting | Small ...
The lightbulb thing is already an eye-rolling joke to most Americans.Same with algae,the Volt,and solar.They see the sanctimony.
Reflect on what you want to achieve in 2012. What steps need to be taken to attain this goal?
First jv soccer game today!
bday shout out to my nigga
Did u see was mentioned on Essence.coms interview with Jill Scott? Try the shealoe leave in 4 softer
did you catch and I on Inside Edition yesterday? #massageetiquette story
when you a rapper you get beef imma make the first dis track about you let's have fun ctfu
Love many, trust few.
Hey , if you were a man, I'd punch you. Punch you right in the mouth.
I'm trying to close my "enthusiasm gap" before the end of the month...
pari sez: I heart walking into my office & seeing happy plants on my desk! Our plant techs are awesome! Now I know how our Client's feel : )
thank you!!
