Welcome to Twitter! Hope to see you next week! xx
Damn its over for d.rose
I am inspired everyday by those who surround me...thank YOU for being part of that inspiration! :)
Next week's courses: Word-Intermediate 1 (M), Dreamweaver-Basic 1 (T), Access-Basic 1 (W) & Excel-Basic 1 (R). www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Office Depot Q1 Earnings Preview
Over 150 views on my video since yesterday! Thank you all for watching and sharing <3
Too much news from muted TVs at bars...or maybe just enough. News ticker = Twitter tv.
So was Diane Keaton tripping balls during her appearance on Colbert Report, or what?
#Taurus best is a
If at first you don't succeed just quit
Ray Rice would fumble
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Now that you mention that, he does always draw the play for D Wade.
Niggaz is star wipes nowadays.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom. - Sophocles
Judging by his own performance and by Gallardo's, Suppan must have taken the Cardinals aura to San Diego.
I don't know if I could watch that, for real.
Friendly Reminder: Today is Tuesday- the cheapest day to buy airfare! So buy now & call us if you're headed to/from Chicago! (630) 363-9027
Both! If learning is to occur, teaching must be effective. To be effective, someone must learn!
Let us know when you get the book and what you think. Spread the word- create awareness
Who has seen the new Harry Potter? Good? Bad? Fill me in.
$ to be made both selling processed food & the drugs/surgery to tx obesity
I feel like I have to read 50 Shades of Gray just to see what all the buzz is about. Peer pressure doesn't end in high school.
thank you Mrs. A :)
I hope you got Spicy Chicken...
Your hybrid/programmer podcast made me want to be Canadian. Well, more than I already do.
see you there! “: We'll be outchea tonight! Be there! TONIGHT: OPEN BAR $10 Entry and at 8:00 at Busby's East.”
Give us a tweet shout out if you've registered for this year's convention in - over $3k in incentive prizes!
iPad app shld let usr increase font size and thn drag pg around to read. Dont just digitiz screen shots. Use device's capabilities.
also a contact email address somewhere that doesn't require logging in to the wiki
I Fall Asleep Listeniing To Music I Love It It Relaxes Me(:
hit me up with #SonyTablet and make my girl happy
GUYS CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUOUT AND ILL GIVE YOU ONE ?!
excellent.. Now I know who to go to for stories.
Has anyone written the "It's really hot when women I'm interested in have extensive football knowledge and passion" blog post yet?
Hahahahah good question. I ask myself that everyday. I only see my office and my bed. I had to visit a friend in the hsptl
beside of being a belieber i'm a rusher nd i'm proud 2 be both
So interesting how people's #attitudes contribute directly to the #energy level in the room...
Hey! Where the party at?
Check out our fishtail braids on www.clipitz.com
hey Dave can I get a follow? Been a fan ever since I've used your guy in Madden, he's a beast with Fitzpatrick!
Whoo hoo! Just found out that tonight's #H50 is a repeat of my episode. Powa Maka Moana! Look for the distraught parent!
Just took a shit. It smells like vodka.
ON #WISCONSIN!!!
I am going to come and visit you all the time :) I am glad I got to see you last night!We will party next weekend or sometime soon
But after Bush #1, Clinton, Bush #2, then Obqma, I shouldn't have any faith in people.
Got a turntable , my Animal Collective Ticket, and a Capo for my guitar . Love having a job
We´re excited to welcome our fall study abroad participants in less than a month. Good luck packing - don´t forget your swimsuit!
I'm not the sweetest thing in world , so why bother being nice
Yelp check-in not working, but im checking out one of these coney island restaurants that appear to be everywhere in dearborn. Whee!
Missed #BloombergWest earlier :[ , luckily its coming back on at 11 :]
Courtney Cox tits are so big in this Longest Yard remake
Lucky to be at Four Corners right now on this beautiful day!
GTFO MS NEWTON I HATE YOU AND YOUR STUPID ASSIGNMENTS
RT : Celebrate Easter with us / at 6:00p. will climb some ladders.
Crosby just became a legend
i am jealous of all the mahomies who live in new york who get to see your concert. i live in australia. #cometoaustralia ?
Sorry account was hacked!!! Fixing it now, we don't actually have funny pictures of you.
Exciting morning for #DNation #Milwaukee! Kent Watson has joined our ranks and Shannon has hit her $250 mark! Congrats!!!
is the best :))
#TheyNeedToBringBack All the 90's shows.
Congrats to ! Gravity Was Everywhere Back Then was added the MoMA's permanent collection. Woo hoo!
Did CBS switch to a rugby game?
you look beautiful in your new pic!
Good food and paying with swag..2 wins!
RT : write about a guitar or play the guitar?
Deciding on what movie to watch from my laptop. Haven't used it in a long time. =
Thanks John Paul! A Happy #followfriday to you & yours! :-)
Good morning! Who wants some samples? I'm sending some out today!!
Daughter hasn't started school yet but already scheduled an appt to meet chair of her new department.
we bout to shut this bitch down
Hey! He shaved his back!
and its my bday! Thanks for the inspiration!
Thanks for the shout out on Clicgear 3.0! We appreciate it! Stay in touch.
Guys I'm so happy right now
RT": Just a fration of your love fills the air and i fall in love with you all over again <3"
When i see you smile it makes me smile
Bible Verse of at the Day: It is Written, He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me...
#youmightbeanautismparentif you don't believe autism is tragedy. You believe that a belief like that is tragedy.
you have my number...
The Museum is the catalyst for discussion you didn't know you wanted to have, in a vetted "space."
Thanks for shout outs! Happy
Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always!
Ooh, I have seen one episode of that but I always forget when it's on!
that is awesome!
Thank you SO much for posting this & continuing to post! There are far too many stigmas attached-info needs to get out!
I think i just realized i dont have keep searching for that person who understands me completly. God filled that tonight.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 90
I should know this, it's in my major.
like a silky smooth jumper!
Saw a John Bradley DA sign, must be Austin, must be your DAd!!
My head hurts. Gonna go to bed like now. :(
yea...right. ik what your doing. It'll behoove you to stay off the grid for a while
that's original.
RT : RT : skepta's music video was nothing bad. Stop hyping it up like it is some kind of hardcore porn movie.
Guess what? Sackbutt!
Long range planning works best in the short term - Dan Hansen
Insurance spam from the AIA. Just when you think an institution cant really sink any lower..
Thanks! It's always been a huge favorite :)
guess i can't put off doing my taxes any longer
Props to Megan for telling Don the truth.
beer at obriens tonight will be local so you're just stimulating the economy.
aha double 6s..i win u pay me!
Friday the 13th bitches.
all I wanted for my birthday was a twitter mention, thanks for making my dreams come true.
haven't been, but excited to go. Ain't no boondoggle like a PK boondoggle (plus is in).
RT Want $200 to shop everything ? Just RT this post in the next 4 hours, and you're in the running. Go!
RT : how nice is it to skip seventh period :')
Yeah I am going to the Vinum one. Whats at the grill?
bored....DM for the number
I wanna go to bdubs today, Who wants to go?
KD damn near traveled
Good Night Good People.. Tomorrow is a new day. Lets make it happen
17 times teams have come back down 3-1 to win the series.
"Never take your access for granted"--
how difficult is it to listen when we are praying; what can we do to help that?
My 9 month old niece is ticklish and it is so cute!
Please follow me(: 12
You put on for ya city all the way from ya mommas house
You don't need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you for who you really are.
Hahaha theres a kid next to me breathing really heavy ah :P
I love you 
im no where near your level...
Folks we need to get on #Community!
oh ah ... Amici’s has Homemade Lobster Bisque tonight! Along with our great Fish Fry!! Check out our limited $5 martinis from 10pm -12am
Thanks! So glad it was a small one.
Fish facts: Populations that eat fish regularly live longer then those that don't!
I don't get why not. I have a fourth person to go.
Coaching lax in nice weather is better than coaching lax in crappy weather.
I went with a sleeve.. now thinking it was not the way to go. YMMV.
true true! :)
I agree
Happy mothers day to all my twitter moms who follow me..enjoy a nice nights rest and wake up to a full day of fulfillment!
Suffering from a headache, fatigue or weakness? Probably lacking magnesium. Diet sources include bananas, avocados, whole grains & legumes
It's 'Teacher Planning Day' at SEI TOMORROW (2/3)! Spend some quality time with your kids on a Friday!
make the playoff lets go
Proud of the team. The only company that has SHIPPED #gamification for Salesforce, Jive, & IBM.
It does say, "This space is not meant for banner ads or other promotions."
...but what do I know? I'm just a monkey.
The Del Grande Dealer Group is announcing one of the largest sales events of the year; DGDG's President's click for details for all stores h
How come when I raise a suited connecter 3/4 of the time the door card is gin and next two are shit
Too much to do...
Joe Girardi and Ben Erwin have just officially met...FACT
You're having me worried, what's with the red line today?
percogesic, but only if you don't have to function. Best over the counter muscle relaxer ever.
morning! How are you? Lots of love your amazing and I love you ok so follow me please? Yeah? No? Maybe? I love you
hey(: #GoodNight <3
i would like to request "Feelin Fine" by
merry christmas (:
and I need a new closer
Having car problems? We can help by coming to your office or business. Huge discounts on oil changes and auto repair. No mess-No fuss!
That's just gross. Take that bitch to McDonalds and fatten her up.
how could i say no to that face. (:
Some of us like like a Black Woman with some "meat" on her bones. It's a "healthy" look !
illegall? Haahahahhaa wow that's funny
One more chance tonight to see von Trier's 'Antichrist' on 35mm. Not the easiest film to watch, but it makes for GREAT lobby talk after.
Joey Boy! Play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
It's no fun cooking for one.
Gearing up for a photoshoot next Wednesday for the Cincinnati Enquirer!
umm basket ball?
Saw on a church sign: Worship is not complete until it produces obedience. I want to add- and a hunger for God's Word.
I have once, really terrible, won't drink again.
still getting used to this twitter thing
Anyone have a Google+ invite for me?
Here we go do work.
There's a group of Fing Dbags outside the gates of our complex. U know when a dude is in sweatpants & no shirt shadow boxing he's a tweaker
Watching last night's #Simpsons with again. Snorting with church giggles as Lisa tries to write YA book. Best episode in years.
Spinning at ECCO tonight! Over 200 porn stars are attending the party. Already sold out! It's gonna be insane <3
It just seems like nothing ever works for me, why can't I just be happy like everybody else around me?
teaching service learning with an emphasis on the effects of poverty and educational disparity
lol, its gonna be ugly quick
The one night I'm able to sleep in and I wake up at 5:30am!
R.I.P M-Bone
Giants sign Eli Manning to new 97.5 million dollar deal. Eli now has the highest average annual salary in the NFL
The rocking chairs there are so pleasant for bird watching. I haven't been out to Mason Neck yet this spring, need to go!
Maria & Derek time!
it's finally the REAL Opening Day!
I'm in the mood to 3 a box jump.
There can't be us if I dont have u....
I can't decide where to eat lunch today. Any recent favorites for near-mall, at least moderately healthy, not Rev Soup? #lunch in
Thank you! It went well.
the colts ARE gonna come back this season. i'd put money on it. c;
I think I'm finally moving over from Tweetdeck to Hootsuite to manage my personal social streams. Really hate the new Tweetdeck, used to...
interesting set of people in your sphere of influence. some very comical. checking out your website now. cheers!
1 week till the studio!!!!
Sadly, no mimomas or bloody marys this morning, or it'd have been more than ideas buzzing. ;)
Happy Mother's Day from our staff at Kuko's. Don't forget our Mariachi will be performing at 8pm! - Bryan
Quite right, Natalie. Mutual appreciation society member, and gladly.
nothing short of an addiction
In finding love, "Don't be searching for someone to live WITH, rather search for someone who we cannot live WITHOUT." - Bill Johnson
ahh!! I JUST HAD A GREAT IDEA! Let's have a puppy or kitty with us too!:D it'll be so cute to have around <3
This morning. My teacher played faded in class and it reminded me of (:
You know when you have found your prince because you not only have a smile on your face but in your heart as well. ~Author Unknown
's also in the photo!
PUMPED HERE! [: <3
just plain upset right now.. :(
Who is Steve Aoki?? Don't miss this one...
how do u win back a virgo guy
Its My Birthday!!! Cali It Is!
The Brown Family from Sister Wives will join us at 6:30a
GREAT day today :) glad my mum had a wonderful Mother's Day! I had fun too with friends ♥♥
RT : Spoke too soon on LaMike based off the articles im reading. Imagine I just caused quite a stir in Oregon. #GoDucks (Indeed)
Contemplating the day and its direction
Ever get totally random words stuck on repeat in your head? Like deoxyribonucleic acid. And malocclusion. Ugh!!!
#uCantBeToughAndSay my favorite movie is the notebook
omg!! I love Niall! He's amazing well they all are! I just don't get how people are mean to Niall smh
that's awesome!
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD), announced the completion of patient enrollment into the Company’s Phase 2 pancreatic cancer study with TH-302
No takesies backsies on tequila Tuesdays when you were responsible for the tequila!
I wanna move from this hell whole I call home< 3
LOL - okay, remind me who your mother is!!!
It's as if both teams are Savin their energy for extra time.
Tsutomu Shimomura~ We call things we dont understand complex but that means we havent found a good way of thinking about them.
Haven't worked out since Friday, & the food I consumed this weekend was unhealthy... Back on my #gymflow 2morrow
Ahausuejsidsi JUSTIN BIEBER ;D
I'm weak, well hopefully the with give you your phone back soon.
Anyone looking for a paid internship this summer?
nice to know you'll get paid well for working 2 hours a day since the commute will take up the rest of your (short) day.
Ha nothing like almost heading to Nashville instead of Chicago at 4am
Eddie Moten makes his presence felt as he intercepts a pass and returns it for a touchdown, Preds lead 34-10.
February 1692....The Salem Witch Hunts begin
Me too!! Totally forgot to wear green today -- no pinches yet!
having to take the day off work because i can't stop throwing up, vodka will be the death of me.
Keep me in mind with your #WPB and Key West <<<--- or any keys related Tweets! :)
Yo what up Angela. Nice Tumblr but gotta admit that Simon Cowell thing freaked me out pretty hardcore. Lol!
yayyyyyyy the picture of us lol
#ThingsILookFor in someone I'm dating YOU MUST BE ROMANTIC!!!
that face is because this stupid hw is super boring -.- and really?? Hahahaha you should say him hi ;) hahaha
LIAM! Its sunny here in America.. How's your weather? (:
hey hey hey. did you change jobs? how are you? catch up soon?
dinger is a fucking idiot for that
thanks Oliver!
when you come back to milwaukee you can play with mine ;)) <33 hope all is well!
muthafucka locked the Door On Me if you ain't Notice lol -.-
RT : If ethnic studies are banned, no more English lit then, right? Or Western Civilization?
“A disorder in bilinguals is not caused by bilingualism or cured by monolingualism” (Kohnert, 2007, p. 105)
#whoknew a car's seat belts have program codes? & sometimes a dealer has 2 reset codes 4 SRS 2 function properly?
not being able to walk is some real shit
cool. Good luck, do your best & don't give up!
..wait there's a #bucks game going on...
S/O to for diggin my new avi!! YouTube this man he about to make it big in the game! 😁
Happy Cinco de Mayo! What are your weekend plans? In the same time it takes to watch a movie or take a walk you could help a child in need!
might go see chris saturday ..
Home Made? Total work of it -- movement, music, media -- impressive. Plays thru Wed., but I hear they may add a date.
I'm with ya
S/O to thanks for the follow back
Bill Hader's eyebrows have more life than 70% of people exhibit in their sum existence.
Aww ur so nice=] I'm ok just hope I don't puke 0_0
here here! RT : In this together.
you did amazing last night, I love you wifey. <3 ;*
ESPECIALLY if you saw the women helped by its programs. RT How could you NOT want a Violence Against Women Act ?
We are open for Dinner this evening! Stop by and try our new Chef's Tasting Menu! To be updated soon.
I might get kicked out of school tomorrow for beating the shit out of the kid who bullied Alexandria
Who is using LinkedIn ads? How are they working? Are you doing B2B or B2C or both?
I take em back like return flights
you're without Internet and cable right now too?
it was a fire at the recycling center.
Cool cover story in Dec Think about infosci implications of billions w/ personal digital archives!
Getting some rest in tonight before jumping into sessions all weekend for my 2 new web series, SCHOOL & BOARD and MATCHING THE DRAPES!
The problem with spurs is the wackiness it wreaks on regular service. I like the map though. Perhaps add some WeHo service?
Thanks for your insightful interviews with & Diversity in publishing is thriving!
too fast.. but Cotto caught em fosho.. better than anyone flaw paquio chineese chicken next to Floyd..
damn im starving
Of course! Flowers, chocolates & breakfast in bed!! Hope u have a great Mother's day too :)
Dear , is that you with the handlebar mustache in the Heineken bare knuckle boxing commercial? :-)
They are just hiding better, still have 8 in house! ;)
“: Haha Twitter tonight>>>”
Is Little Ricky Perry a good case for "creation" gone bad or for unfinished "evolution?"
ugh..how did I know you'd be one to comment(;
Rumor has it my spirit was invoked at #sca2012. Sorry I missed your sweet tall skinny self! Let's catch up soon!
Damn instead of getting more followers I have lost 2 now I only got 56 :(
most recipes I'm seeing are just lemon peels steeped in vodka, then steeped in simple syrup. easy!
Anal yes or no? Ouch message us
Feel like a zombie after last night's show. Ears are muffled, voice is gone and everything just hurts. So worth it, though.
Check out my illustration on the Mod Sun Friendbase facebook page..its the profile pic..workin on a / joint
Thanks! It's hard to beat a sunset in Seattle!
Seeing past lovers makes you look back at all the little things that made you fall for them…
please follow me back Cody .. :)
Hi Bethany, thanks for the follow. Looks like another great day in Sunny Co.
m, wasabi and pickled ginger.
FRI Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Parsnip Soup with Crispy Parsnip Strips & Basil Chiffonade
All this anti-KU schadenfreude I'm feeling will no doubt backfire on me when Jeff Withey inevitably ends up on the San Antonio Spurs.
I've passé all my finals today :D :D :D
i want to rip thses fake nails off
Why should Phoenix care if the Coyotes relocate to another city? All 12,000 of the fans that go to the games will get over it.
An hour ago I had chills with goosebumps, now I'm sweating. The #hypochondriac in me is loving this.
U win some, u lose some. But u live, u live to fight another day
I'm doing that now as we speak. ATLiens was too good, yo. I wasn't expecting that experience.
“: give a a shout out homie”
also good spot for dining solo... very attentive waitstaff
her body looked like senor hanes squished in that pencil skirt.
Cyberinfrasructure as means to serve indiv/teams/orgs in ways that revolutionize what they do and how they do it
I'm helping to plan out some way to promote 'snow' science - wanna help? when you think of snow, what do you think of?
SO fun having my girls and visit for lunch at & showing off the offices.
#icantgoadaywithout eating but honestly who can?.?
I think "moral argument" might be a bit of a stretch...
I'm a big fan because he gets an undeserved hard time from Reds fans, and that's a weak reason for me being a fan??? Okay....
Lots of fun!
Playoffs are a completely different animal. Totally different intensity level. No more Bobcats and Wizards
and not get work done? I can not. :(
gained weight where exactly? (kidding) :-)
Tweet it in a Canadian accent...sounds much better ": Goal GABBY. win. Yes"
Bro, i love your music. Just keep being boss xD
#immvt peer2peer learning resonates, sticks w students
we know inauthenticity when we see it -- from
The pleasure is all mine! Congrats on the press and IFQ win!
Reminder: We're re-opening at 7pm, and we'll be serving beer, wine & cider at happy hour prices from 7-8pm tonight! See you soon!
Chemical spill closes entry to downtown @ 10th and B. Traffic jam on SB 163 at Balboa Park. Use SB I-5 or surface streets.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful Be yourself!
so about that 'the bay' acapella for me to make a house remix...how do you want to send it to me ;) e-mail?
Feeling blue. =(
saw Full Service at Stubb's on Fri night. Cool show!
Stop by today before, during, or after the Cubs game for $4 Great Lakes beer, $4 Absolut Peppar Bloody Mary's and $4 Mimosa's
Help Haiti. this could have happened to LA, SFO or NYC. No press conferences or photo session, just send money and help
I dont know what I want anymore ='(
I LOVE YOU TOO <3
What's for breakfast??
ISWYDT with those Buy 2 get 1 free deals .... Nah playa I'm good with my buy 1 get 1 free joints ...
School needs to crawl in a hole and die
I was thinking about getting one. It's clear I need it, haha.
was a great time! Looking forward to doing this again!
decisions, decisions, decisions....trying to decide which painting to put up for this week's art auction...any requests or suggestions?
Feeling motivated today. Usually don't wake up with the same motivation I went to bed with. Cheers to my hustlers.
I hate girls that believe their boyfriends over their friends!
good looks bud! Wanna move to Vegas!?
I heard that it was starting to get banned in some places so I wanted to snag a copy before it was gone. ;-)
I can see it in your eyes babe!!
Just so everyone knows, I look really hot in my new vanna shirt :)
#SignsAPersonCantCook wen dey Oak Meal Looks like Watery Throw up!!
#BibleStudy poppin collars putting this Jesus swag on display!
Beautiful Christmas morning in KY. Missing my kids--not our year to have them with us. O Come Let Us Adore Him--Christ the Lord!
what's the win/loss over the past 10?
Aaron Holiday had 36 points and Cole Huff finished with 23 points, 19 rebounds and 10 blocks.
someone butchers rocky mountain way and you idiots play it on the radio? Cannot stand this station.
Well, back up to W. V., Sat., Sun. at the Purple Fiddle, love this place, if you are anywhere near, come by.
yes it is -.- so much! -.- I wish I can go back to high school -.-
Who's coming to see us in Cleveland March3rd at Peabody's we need some photos and live vids so we would like to work with you!
the Dr. Said if I was going to do any yard work I needed to wear protection .... It took me a hour to put a condom over my head
Gorgeous designs !
He's not at fault here. The point is that he's made stuff up consistently in the past, and this doesn't wipe the slate clean.
It was MAYHEM today at my school! There was about FIVE fights,and 30 students got suspended!
yep yep, so did the letter work everything good?
Too sad, we'll miss you!
Time for the draft...watching with ice on the knees and on the back. Ah. Let's do this
Three yards to sadness. I can't believe this crap!
Last night I dreamed I bought a beemer. It was black and oh so shiny.
Over coming lifes struggles make you a better person
Won't help her abilities?? You've obviously never heard me sing in the shower
looks like this girl is gonna be canceling some home visits this afternoon if the weather does what it's supposed to!
RT Im about to start my new diet !! This shit better work just sayin? Smh
you're the best, thanks for your help
just dance 2, with my boy. <3
I tryed lobster and its fuckin gross.
Harry potter and the deathly hallows 1&2 > studying for finals
ha! Likewise...until we play each other :)
no it's not!
soup's on!
I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season.
Yall can blame T Mac for that Josh Smith shot..he was over there buckin his head up after Smith got that dunk haha
“: If J Cole and Kendrick Lamar work together, that will be historical.” DEFF! 🙌
Does anybody wanna jump on the Paper Thin Disaster, Sourblood, When Legends Die show? Email !
Go Carl! Joe doesn't have a chance
I ran over a bird... Ewe
It surpasses expectations. Has me craving literary fiction, limes, as well as a trip to Disney.
That moment when you polish off the 3rd glass of wine & then remember you've only eaten an apple today 😳
I love how when I log into twitter my cp automatically is running operations of outside influence.
I'm sure R has already given you a swift kick to say Happy Mother's Day
Extra mad! RT: How mad is JoJo Simmons about Diggy's music fame?
no thanks. No good use for it. Save it for only a matter of time!
Is it weird that upon finishing a book on my Kindle, I want to buy a hard copy & stick it on my shelf?
Swagger is the way to success!! lol
I read all 3 of 's books this wkend. Wish I could write that well now i need an aspirin
So excited about our #international night event People are beginning to arrive, and they are bringing specialty food. Yummy!
A guy who truly loves his girl doesn't have to unbutton her shirt to see a better view of her heart.
sounds about right... Just drive by. I handled 100's of shootings and homicides..HOCO takes it serious... Command truck and all
It's strange when you finally read the text that you've been reading *about* for years. (Emerging Viruses, ed. Stephen Morse)
Law an Order SVU.
"Institutionalized" by Suicidal Tendencies is a great F'N song!
Had a great time hanging with you too! And the Thunder won, so that makes it an even better evening.
#NF THE LOVELY U ;-)
Devon Johnson is a hater
Best sushi on 30A created by Chef Easterly
Day 2? ENOUGH already.... ozzy is a waste of your air time. Lets get to the sport talk in english. -
is that better than normal?
lmao I don't hate you!
I love VT. But, then again, I love LA.
I try to save all my less amusing things to say for Facebook
Taking care of home then I'm out
lol shouldn't u be sleep there kiddo?
Better to stumble than make a slip of the tongue. ~ Russian Proverb
Getting Ready To Go To Bed and Whatch TV! Soo Exhausted!!
"Like" this status if you are excited for the New Year!
Thanks bud! I appreciate that! :)
bed* good night. ill twee to ya at in like 15 minutes. jk. rofl.
Cucumbers! So Good. So good for your body. #Free! #Idea! Cut up some slices and put in a pitcher of water. Refreshing, different, yum! 31612
RT : lol...Ya'll shoulda' never let me figure this thang out...! I'm glad i'm here tho. I'm gonna make this fun!
Dude and double dude - PVC "red hot" is the worst non-warfare item ever created. The warning list reads like a horror tale and it's true!
its my 16th birthday can i please get a shoutout? love you! :)
it was my youngest bro asking so I guess I'll find out when I get to OKC
Gonna get in a knife fight today. #Troilus & Cressida.
when i applied to St johns, they required 4 years of those subjects
follow back!
The final materials have been ordered. Custom gaming tokens coming soon!
Still going. My current distance is 5.05 miles. Current song is Far Behind - Candlebox
what are you doing today?
The Shins have an album coming out next year!
": People referring to OKC as "they team" <<<<<<<<< start back holding the Bulls nuts damn." I swear
Southern Tier oak aged un*earthly imperial India pale ale now pouring.
House passed Debt Ceiling bill. Also, Sisyphus near summit, deck chairs successfully moved, Linux users are still looking for a break
I mean with such a great deal on my hands, how could I pass that up.
unveils a new burger---called the Hot N' Juicy.
My uncle said that he doesn't catch balls cause he already has some.
send us your resume!!! :)
Andy Fisher of campaign says they're not calling the race yet. They're waiting for bigger counties to report
Ask iLounge: Using iTunes Match to convert protected tracks from other iTunes accounts
Good Morning loves, on my count down 2 more hours of work and im out this jam ;)... Have a blessed day everyone :*'s
Thanks for the MT & tips!
Awesome #nerdanswer. RT : . Walmart lowers its prices exponentially. They will approach zero, but never reach zero.
Kobe has not looked right since that incident in Denver. Cheeks hollow.
please don't I am begging you!
Haha. They're probably still bitching about loud Depeche Mode and a bone drill.
there's a nice finality to it. "That's all I have to say about that." Will probably make great/awful reading in a year.
I'm very much looking forward to 2011. Good riddance 2010!
": Jacob was playing music Saturday morning and I knew it all and he was so impressed it was cray"I must've been OUT
and so true lol
TY so much for the RTs! I appreciate you.
Hitting the gym then enjoying this amazing weather
No matter how many times you say "Okay", your parents will not stop talking.
hill!! I may be there! How long were u goong?
Lifelog as documentation of relationship between driver & car, makes me recall "Blue-y," the car I grew up with #altchi is too cool
Man I need someone to talk to
yeah, I'm pretty damn psyched
Got a haircut. Hopefully people will stop asking me for Crystal Gail's autograph now.
#1DNewEnglandContest forever grateful.
Dibens got passed, OUCH
rangers won! :)
So pissed right now. Work wants me off an autism team eval because I "know the kid too well." Guess thorough evals aren't important anymore.
When exactly do you die? When the heart stops (Republican) or the brain no longer works (Democrat)?
ima finish these watching these documentaries later.
Damn missed calls
So do we! :) What's your favorite dish? RT : I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD
I remember the Giants playing the 49ers in the NFC Championship 1990, the best game I ever saw!!! I hope today is just as good!!!
true story female and male!!
I mean if my man can't go out and drink with me, I won't be a happy girl
Loving the moon tonight!
#teamfollowback follow , , they follow back=)
Happy bday to me
How did tidying up my living room for company turn into cleaning out my closet?
Mack has taken over
: you're going to do great! Im rooting for ya!!!
yes i get jealous... i dont show it but i do
isnt it always
For any questions or comments for NoAccSplash (on Cydia), please email Brandon at !
You feed beefburgers to swans!
all indications are that it's the owner's orders to rebuild w/out tanking. Seems would do it differently if he could.
Why does say "What a load of old Poppycock" Find out tonight.
Screw trying to find a miserable job this summer. I'm gonna make my own while making myself and others happy.
i love you girl youre great<33 but uh i still wanna run on the treadmil & the exercise bike!
yep it's coming up quickly!!!
Raising funds & awareness 4 #nobelityproject w in Austin tonight.
Lady, I'm just so happy that you are still blogging! I saw your post title and my heart dropped for a second.
If he isn't, they can say goodbye to my Club Season tickets as well as my fandom since 1977!
ya Ypsilanti girl is gettin ma3qouda lol we gotta make it fun n I don't mean makin fun of ppl lol
It's warming up in FL thank goodness. Me & the cold don't go together
your broke remember!
Haha, yes, that's exactly how I sound!
confused... i ain't heard from him in two days ugh to depress
Its more Where that came from..
Thats why people will fill those seats! We pay to see a fighter not a take you down and win a score card battle!
yes. yes of course. just name the time and place and we'll be there. thanks!
Congrats, and glad to hear that you're moving down here!
No No No I'm just a twitter Houdini. Here one moment then busy the next
Every one try to trend #welovegreyson!!!(:
what I do?
Follow us on Twitter:
We do!! Tweet us to find out! RT : 5pm in Chicago! Happy Hour Time! Any bars have some great specials?
plus they missed something - dinosaur gas that bad would've meant it was very loud in the Jurassic period. :)
grilled sweet potatoes! Interesting idea! Looks good.
Me neither.
City has incentivized more than 1 billion in economic development and 13280 new or saved jobs.
BOO BOO STEWART IS SO CAAAUUUTEE :) <3
RT : services, rates shoot way down. NPO's like knock it down to low 20%'s as opposed to state's...
That's amazing. Was that at the YMCA?
STARMAKERS tonight at Stage AE with Gary Racan and the Studio E band!
So excited to see & tonight
Hurry, ending soon! Paint scratch removal priced at 50% off. Stop by in downtown #SanDiego. Same day service, most vehicles.
Another great free show tonight: Lucky Lawrence & The Souvenirs
FOLLOW ME IF YOUR IN LOVE WITH ONE OF THE ICONIC BOYZ
someone shoot me I wish I was out like lil amp he is out
I think he is considered a OLB.
I'm equal-opportunity boozefun, but gin-drunk turns me into a ghost. True story.
of course.
just scheduled my master's defense omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgfreakout
just saw 2 of the biggest box turtles I've ever seen
Dammmmnnnnnn I like a man in uniform lol
A real nigga + a real female = a REALationship
It's a good name. It's basically complimenting you and saying you have a brain. :-)
see, thats more like it. I knew it...and I win. Sarcasm or not...it counts, you said it, so I believe it.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
We are doing big things I will have shirts this week I think!
Ryan we're cryin'
Where did you see that ? TV or Online?
I don't think you realize how much I dislike you.
Of water
Need to find something's just for me,I share too much of myself
cock e
thank you! I read, I liked, I will be back!
Belated thanks for the RT! Strange, you didn't show up in my mentions feed until today...
Oh no! Host Gator killed your Gallery :(. Hope you don't mind, I listed it under my class's Inspirations links at Full Sail.
every time finals role around I find myself laughing about ur twitter story about the threesome leading to your xmas tree exam
Let's play the follow and unfollow game :D haha
Shoutout to my 50th follower!!! !! hit up for your prize package!
ive been here the whole timee
Uggs, black and gold ones. They are hella cute
Hard pants?
Getting ready to record Former Chiefs QB Trent Green for sports later this week....
My #zumba classes at have TOTALLY prepped me for a stint on
no theme, just formal event...
are you working at the pool this year?
Happy Birthday!
thank you, thank you!
That pretty much sums you up as a person right there /hugs
Absolutely crazy! Time is going fast...hope for a nice sunny day:).
I CANT WAIT TO MOVE OUT!! I WANT IT TO HAPPEN NOW!!!
Dr. Bieber.:) ... #Justinbieber.. Bieber fever is spreading across the country...! Its uncureable.:) ..
Hotel Job Resource Entry Level Sales and Marketing Now Hiring PA ...: Job Listing Details for: Entry Level Sales and Marketing - Now ...
retweeted my buddy ! What a way to celebrate a year since the best concert of my life. Thanks so much, JM & Co
Having tweeting with his fans is so sick! Can't wait to watch golf again.
Saturdays are now Taco Night! Tonight we're doing pork or fish!
Dj on the ones n twos. We getting it started!
no history. i like van morrison. it rhymed.
You husband asked me the same question. TW has a father/son event. I'll be all my myself.
deral to get #rgiii is worth it cuz rookie wage scale makes free agent mkt relevant again. Agree!?
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Don't use your income to buy luxuries, use your income to build ASSETS - then when they're sufficiently ready, let THEM buy your luxuries..!
Happy 28th birthday to !
Made a #coolass shirt!!
Vince is the best what a sweet guy.
fuck Cleveland and that shitty ass owner who doesn't deserve shit. Esp those fans who burnt his jersey.
Janice the office manager
nite mama's
I Kissed on Em , You kissed him ...
Great choice! You can never go wrong with a P2
Can anyone recommend a decent book on WordPress theming? I've never been able to find one I like.
omg it's awesome haha :) <3
maybe u should txt back!!!
yea same here
whatsss up girl
Leaving Austin and eating my last burger for a while...clearly won't be having any in California.
The moment when you're listening to a song & suddenly find yourself feeling the beat lol
Leaving us with #Iz somewhere over the rainbow.
dang. he told me the same thing. Thought I was special.
T.S. Eliot is written into the script JUST for the Prufrock/cocaine joke. Superficial references all around. The acclaim is baffling
Its chilly..in April..in south florida
BTW, check the App Market every day... .10¢ app sale - 10 different apps every day for only a dime each!
#sharktank season 3 is off to a roaring start -- the Sharks have the gloves off on
Follow me? ;) #MonsterFamily!!
Don't wait around for something to happen this week, take it to the streets. Pound the pavement!
Alex is the family wizard!! I knew it!:D
Start DREAMING: If you can dream it you can visualize it... When we visualize we are synonymously working to achieve all that we dream. 🌟
Gotta catch up on the Playoffs
RT : Tonight Fusion I from Lagunitas!! Come by for this hyper limited beer. Or grab a $5 glass of wine, $4 Allagash or $2 PBR!!
#myfirstjob would have to be prostitution. I've heard it brings in such great income.
Who does #AlbumArtwork #SingleArtwork #Artwork #Graphics #CDGraphics on twitter!? Hit me up so I can compare rates
Line at Target in Bloomington has more than 1,500 people for midnight opening
Working with a depressed 5 year today. Bringing her a ray of hope.
Was that an earthquake in McLean? Anyone else feel that?
Guys, if Obama is elected to another term I'll be freaking...happy.
they really arent :)
IF I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND I NEVER LET YOU GO (:
Some people might say their job supports their poker addiction, but I would say poker supports my Starcraft addiction
Good Morning <3
Thanks for the retweet of my flood pic! Have you read #CrawfishBottom by Doug Boyd? Interesting stuff.
Maaaaannn that was so funny that night!!!!!
We have the gayest conversations (:
out to help tip off Portlands Living Future conference. Will hear soon from Vandana Shiva. Welcome to Portland!
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning with Janet & Nick.
Chilling whit my family on my day off enjoying myself..
#woot : Congrats to on his 200th career goal!
Gorgeous morning in Northern Michigan. Looks like one of those days to get out early while its still dry.
Did anyone enjoy the #sunset tonight?
#Royals wii. Alcides is basically Hamilton and Elvis rolled into one.
lol yeah my grandma is cute lol
Forgot to mention, my buddy George is an ex Marine that served in Nam, who's also currently collecting for ToysforTots!
Cyberbully was a sign, yet kids these days didn't understand that it was a sign that our population could drop a number if it doesnt stop.
gotta take my daughter to the emergency room
thanks for attending! i'll def. keep you up to date w/ mesh developments!!! it was great talking + meeting you
What is another useful tool besides Google Alerts to use when monitoring web content, especially media stories?
did you play any sports in high school?
I wasn't happy
Priority access!!
awesome! Enjoy!
You know Michael Vick will wants to play with Plaxico Burress next season.
Cant wait to move out !
Primary turnout never reflects the final election's turnout, plus those numbers aren't the final vote tally for the night.
If you guys do anything awesome in the LA area July 3-10, I'll be slinking around there looking for entertainment. Just FYI :)
So I realized fuck what every one says
that's a natural reaction, I believe
seriously though how do armless people masturbate
i think you mean awesome! but ill take it! haha
I'm just dissapointed. I feel like telling him how immature and stupid he is. But i bet he has heard that so many times. </3
Cool, I don't have iStomp so let me know what you think of that, too.
When are you guys gonna take a chance and show some courage? Get up a little early and work out.
i smell yummy
we were gonna surprise you and send the helicopter to take u to the jet!!
I am happy for some reason!! I don't know why though!!😉
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy fez from
lol NIGGAS DID HIT THE WRONG NUMBER! cause never received anything from u & lol 1st time?
Got everything cleaned up, watching football, eating super, good cold drink. Good way to end the day
#WOA I've never felt so emotional about a competition finale.. I love you Bravo
why are flights so damn expensive now? what happened to $49.... even $69 one-ways? life makes it so hard to have fun! money sucks!
Sandstorm is playing at Prom. Somewhere some home hockey team is on the power play.
JR win win
#wineanddinewi was freaking delicious this weekend. I cannot get over how much imbibing we partook in before noon! What a great event.
Oh professionals,you better win the "main event" this year,because i will win it next year!!
not feeling confident about these confidence intervals
I love their 1st class - worth the upgrade. I was the most relaxed I've ever felt post-flight.
#shout it out "I can do it"
Thanks! Exodus challenged me to a dual patty truffle shuffle burger take down next week, and it's on! :)
not true. ur software is impatient. check.
Thats not gona make up for you not being there
In the words of Bart Scott, CAN'T WAIT!!!
I never thought it's more of a competition...oh well. Wow 9 hrs of rain i bet it was brutal.Looking forward to see ur video.
the sepia one! :)
"The test of the artist does not lie in the will with which he goes to work, but in the excellence of the work he produces."
telling me stuff. -_____- I know 6th years a charm ? lol
I'm experiencing terrible AT&T data. SMS is really flakey.
Search engine marketing is boosted with Google Places.
Are you near there
code4lib? interesting - now i just hav to think of something that would actually interest these sorts of people
Do you have a wine store or a restaurant? We can help you reach local wine lovers, and you only pay for ads in your area. DM me for more.
Dear Karma, I Have A List Of People You Missed...
no more outting for me #GymTime 💪
Change of plans. We open at noon today. Feel free to leave work early and join us for some beer and basketball!!
Maybe its cuz of the pinch harmonics but doubt it cuz thats all right hand technique
Our new album "Packed for Exile" will be out July 3rd!!
Walt Disney: It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Thanks! We are excited for Midnight in Wilmington on April 28th! Get tix $5 off tonight at DCCA's Art Loop from 5 - 9pm!
We love #takecaretuesday! What are you doing to take care of yourself today?
President's Day!
10 days left in DC. What am I forgetting to do/see?
#first40songsonshuffle brighter than the sun- , before the storm- & , birthday cake- (1-3)
Let's get weird!!
oh yeah well I voted #Honestly cause I'm just like that ha ha ha ha😜
Alright Tuesday, you better not get in my way or I'll knock you back to Monday.
Join us this Friday for our black love panel! 6pm at the center!
How'd you do that btw? Google Alerts for your domain name?
I don't care how old I am, I still like cartoons =)
I can be so harsh sometimes. Good thing I'm really sweet if I like you.
hey baby girl
I love you followers, you're true People c':
so handsome
so far I'm loving ur episode of punkd
Fractured nose, 6 chpped teeth, and a bitten tounge. STUPID DOOR !
We were made for eachother.
Happy Birthday! My mother got Japanese Super Toilets (www.cleanishappy.com) for her 70th, on Wednesday. Any good loot for you?
no other word can describe you instead of hoe
Things you don't want to wake up to: water pouring out of your ceiling. Upside: I rent. WOO HOO!
#ideas2action Chegg: helping students organize and curate their materials.
Tony: On 45 south of Houston, we've seen walls ripped from buildings, a shopping mall surrounded by water.
Congrats to one of our very own for hittin that 500k
IF PUSSY DIDN HAVE A PRIZE, THIS WOULD B A WORLD FULL OF BROKE NIGKAS AHAA
are you in love? (;
Hi Purple Peeps! Just wanted to let you know there are only 11 Saturdays to go until April.....hope you're ready! PPSS sure is!
that's why I left my eggs and ham out for the last two weeks. Next year be prepared.
new York
You know this may sound weird but gets me through track practice cuz I act like he's at the finish line :) <3
WANNA FOLLOW ME BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP!? (:
Dumanis says it should be a sports entertainment facility, but need creative ways to finance without raising taxes.
it's almost that time of the year again, what's your 2011 wellness resolution?
4 more days and I'll be kissin the white sandy beaches of the bahamas for my 30th birthday...#excuse me if im caught up in the moment..
Having to wait for your car to warm up..
could use send me a link to ur newest music?
Catching #ThinkLikeAMan early show with wifey
Ewwww make the constructions guys stop petting waffles i hope she bites em
Oh no wonder -__-
thanks dude
This is awesome
Rest stops all packed on I90... grrrr.
last night got lots of complements on the website design- designed by
; Why Do Hoes Have To Be So Thirsty..?
Heading to my co-worker's house for our school's Teacher Appreciation BBQ!!
: Registration 4 #EdcampSS. www.edcampss.org join us & 4 what will b an amazing weekend.
My great grandpa is in the hospital...again please keep him in your prayers pleast I will die if anything happens to him
If you're a #foodblogger then send us a note - - we'd love to highlight your work on our magazine!
Can you say
ha <3 you! Got yo back
i followed
b/c I've been to a conf in Vegas before and recall almost nothing about it, I say it's a bad idea.
Great showing for the Texas Wesleyan Rams as TWO players get drafted in the NBA D League draft today. Jonathan Blake and Brian Wanamaker !!
PB&J is never sad. What's wrong with you?
#raw10 My relationships are like pancakes, I like them at first but then I get sick & tired of them, I eat French Toast.
Yea I think it's going to be an interesting series to say the least. I wonder how many games will be played in the series.
Aside from the obvious, why does it feel so wrong listening to music on spotify? And it won't even let me listen to Liquid Swords.
sweet dreams to you too :)
love you! You will make it 😜
Hey Chris - #ROWE or no ROWE, Best Buy's former CEO's unethical behavior is unacceptable.
“: But you still have great cheese and beer. #yougotthatgoingforyou ;)” Illinois boy speaks the truth.
Just wanna be home so I can workout without being right on top of people.
My ex keeps texting me... Not the best idea to text back
The guy helping me out at Toyota has a screen saver of Obama holding a burning Constitution. #
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)7
Which point guard will have the better career? Jeremy Lin or Ricky Rubio?
how is oklahoma? Great place?
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! #Angel <333
It would only be weird not to like them. RT : Weird. I like deviled eggs now.
Its like yes, 2 days? Its isn't even enough to sleep.
I think if we got them in cans of beer we would figure them out sooner or later! :P
Best of DVD's eh? I can help. Deets?
watching AMAS! crossing my fingers that wins the favorite tour headliner and favorite female artist! she already won one!
Not enough sleep can cause Type 2 diabetes There's growing evidence that people who regularly sleep too little and at the wrong time suff
Thanks great company and Brad Thomas and great food at lunch at Fish Market in
Listening to Henny and Gingerale while driving around #Detroit with Andy. Perfect song for Detroit -
for real
can we relive last night please ?
Repetition makes it more powerful.
Seriously or just snarky? Comparing an arb buyout to a long term contract for a franchise/Boras player is absurd.
will do!
I feel so naked when I don't wear my rings.
kinda wants Lil Kim 2 stop taking naked pictures its like walking n on ur aunt n the bathroom by mistake, you may look, but u didn't mean to
But very few options on this team. - just saying if Hart is already your leadoff guy could put almost anyone up there
Have great shoots this weekend in Fort Myers!
Waiting ON HIM....&Yeah im Tawkn about YOU....LOL LOL I LOVE YOU....
RT Happy Tax Day! But quite honestly, we'd rather be playing lacrosse.
thats whats up...what do suggest?
In My Feelings Bout Cha Right Nah!!!!!!!
I am beyond thankful for everything my mom ever has and will do for me.
BREAKING IPHONE NEWS - Pay for you #MTA rides with your phone - COMING SOON
calm Down, m not completely pissed xD im just fucking with you, im a little mad but not too bad.
When (not if) Pens lose this is 4. How will management react do you think? Will they do anything in off season at all?
WE have $50 do I hear $60? RT i'm contributing $50 to the wear the greenman suit fund :D
Pop is my weakness. That and skittles.
House to myself fuck yea
Mr. Smith gave a speech about boring professors while I was sleeping.
Yea Anyways Night
I'm with ya man haha RT #10FactsAboutMe I hate how I'm so short.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
DEAD TO US
is not as smart as she thinks she is
How did you submit it?
Happy New Year! Back to work.
You don't get million dollar answers with ten cent prayers!
I'll be going to bed soon. so night.
Seriously this kid has some major
So, we want to know...what's your FAVORITE book and why?
WHERE IS ALPHA OMEGA
Conference registration is now OPEN!
Great weekend. Really thankful for the people I have in my life
What's worse than pneumonia? #BurgerKing and their new chicken strips.
srry if I just mad u uncomfortable
I might :O
Car towed. New keys almost made hoorays
Wish i was you! Wait,I'm flying to Brittany,Paris then Norway!Do a show in Norway.I'll show u some cool stuff + food.Really.
Awesome! Thanks for the shout out!!
Gamel in right?
How are you celebrating #MillerParkOpener ??
Swimmers out...We're waiting for our bikers! Runners are getting ready!
Merry Xmas, Kiss my ass, kiss his ass, kiss your ass....Happy Chanukah ....I wasn't a fan of Vegas
Happy Election Day! Remember to go and vote.
GOOD NIGHT! =)
I've just gone through it.OK as far as rock released this century goes, but I normally don't get into that kinda thing.
Montee Ball so hard Oregon Ducks wanna fine me
Well, we survived Friday. . .
When people act different in front of other people... #sofake and annoying..
a classmate gave a speech about Fight Club's use of color and shapes to signify good and evil. i may want to marry her just a tiny bit.
Steelers trade up 10 spots to 109.
long live bohemia.
Thanks for the shout out. is working hard to release a BB version soon.
Feels great to lay in this bed.... Wooosaaah
Ok, I hate it when I buy a pack of gum in the morning and by lunch time there is one piece left because everybody else is jacking my gum!!
Tomorrow and on Wednesday celebrating CD "Twelve" release - shows at 7:30 and 9:30.
ur welcome! & plz give us new aspiring gurus on youtube some editing tips lol i try to edit my vids but im not that good -_-
so far the first one is my fave :-) where do you go shopping for dresses?
Hits from the IRS and DHS in the same day. Um ... Hi?
There is no John Conner curse! is fine! His show's cancelled but he's still sexy and okay! He'll win an Oscar someday.
Jeremy: Amazing speech by Stallman, wasn't it? I've waited years for him to visit New York
#Galtung proposes a pair for boycotting: "girlcott," the practice of giving business to a good business.
Oh my goodness, I'm so bummed I'm missing out!!! Next year I'm there! Enjoy!
Bracketville Break RT : Dear America, can u please drop the Thanksgiving holiday and replace it with NCAA First Round?
Aww man, why am I stuck at work? is giving away free gas for the next half hour at 2410 E Arapahoe!
McGowen took my headphones & I left all my school stuff at home ... My presence here is pointless.
“ “ Ladies fake a Nut for a relationship and Fellas fake a relationship for a Nut””
Thank you, possum, for rustling outside the window when some show about serial killers is on. It really helped with my insomnia.
Follow me !?:o Please!!:)
The Boots worn by Victoria Beckham in my last tweet was designed by Antonio Berardi. "GET YO LIFE BEFORE HE TAKES YOUR "SOLE"
yep! “: 's fave "food for thought" at #prsawdc: It is nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice!”
NO he'll actually reply to me!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 59
ugh I can't find it.
Thanks for the amazing tri-tip morning delivery!
how I feel everytime someone needs another pepsi. Sure let me pour it on you 😄
I Want It In The Worst Way
Thank you to all who came out for last night's 1st of 3 "Q.E.D." at the MAK Center at Schindler House!
Damn, I REALLY need to see Avengers again. I haven't felt this way about a movie in a long time.
One of these days we are all gonna start calling eachother by our twitter/instagram tags. I swear...
Working on press release for the Irish Ancestry and Heritage Tour.
mac and cheese, is the highlight of my day.
Watching inspirational Cheering Videos
fersure!!! (: yeah buddy! I am in need of a major workout! :o
How to succeed in the NFL by Jamarcus Russell edited by Ryan Leaf
you're confused. Not hatred of UW. Hate of Bo and blind, heads in the sand Badger fans
NEXT YEAR, will have a #CorporateChallenge team. We promise. Good luck to y'all!
“: Pictures on instagram & here >”
Texting someone until I fall asleep >
Apparently Utah didn't get the memo.
Last walk ever to regular class with
It's Wednesday! That means free music at HiPac with & Friends!
Serves you right for leaving Austin!
Thinking Is NOT Knowing..
They all STANK
That's a question for your local politician
AMAZING! : I am playing CONAN!!!! Oct 26th, tune in!
What. A. Day.
Hope all students enjoyed the beautiful weather on campus/in DC today! Wanted to be outside all day long!
I hear you! If I weren't, I'm pretty sure I would have given up on this one again
When are you coming to Florida ?
Law looking a lot like early #HRO industry. Perhaps some maturity in this market going into '12/'13. #LPO here to stay. #FutureOfLaw - Feb 9
wow Mr. Flores wife Nice.. Nice. Nice.
Heading to tonight w/ for - I can't stop looking at the menu
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout 4/30.
Random Asian guy watching me laugh. Like really watching. Dude!
RT : The Council will be more attentive to those that hold them accountable at the ballot box. re: student voting.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...how happy it makes the CIA and FBI and INTERPOL and MI6 and...AL JAZEER...and BBC...and and and ...!
tryin to make it love
Once you walk out of my life, the door locks behind you.
Hey there. Was just thinking @ you. Did ur doctor ever sort out your #vertigo issues?
RT Why would anyone lie about liking big butts?
#MyBiggestFlaws are My Trys are Never Good Enough.........
RT : But at the end of the day 💨
oh wow... I was going through your thread....
Can't wait for the summer nights under the stars
“: #BackWhenIWasLittle I never thought id turn out like I did, I use to hate the stuff ive been doing.”
I've gained a few pounds traveling recently. Now I look more like the sculpted women of the classical revival Italian Renaissance.
How does one identify and amplify the alpha users and early adopters for #altmetrics and everything else generally?
:) Thank you!
Is it a good book?
Had a great outreach today with . we prayed with over 20 and one man gave his heart to Jesus. God can do a lot in one hour!
you are welcome :D
best way to do that is to link your account with Facebook (settings/connections). if not possible, we are adding pic upload this wk
yea i am where is you at
Good job you should get a round of applause :)
Nothing changes if nothing changes
omg lol put em on a leash
Hate this school.
I'll walk with my grandfather & he'll match me step for step, & I'll tell him how I missed him every minute since he left.
its zero carbs, zero calories, zero sugar with a brand new flavor profile - gotta try it
There will be no spoilers here, brah.
hey. Thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
:( red bull didn't give me wings this morining after work. I guess I do need to rest my eyes every now & then...
My students presented their paper topics today. Most interesting fact- 90% of Americans recognize logo for Target- 70% know Biden's name.
Beautiful footage of Christmas morning, presents displayed outside for better light. A monorail, a nurse's outfit, a magic set, more
"Could be worse. Could be raining." *Thunderclap*
signal at my residence is abysmal. Need to get a microcell to conduct business. All comp. have service here. Can you help?
First #cnndebate education question. Santorum calls his support for #nclb a mistake.
Wait. There's a handup with the trade. It may be off.
still, right? That was a beautiful use of it, too.
Medea is finally over! Thanks to everyone who came and supported Theatre Morgan!
Mariners' "Larry Bernandez" campaign wins best of show at NW ADDY Awards. We dedicate this one to our colleague and friend, Steve Cunetta.
Day 44 of 100: I am thankful for finishing my DVD. It's spring :)
no I haven't talked to her in awhile.
RT : Wouldn't it be great to see Dan Monson become "the hot young coach again?" Is there a statute of limitations on that?
OMG kittens!! My cat rescue has kittens!! Little fuzzy orange tabby kittens!! So hard to leave them there.
Smart>> RT : Give employees a reason to align their brands to that of their employer.
78% of Dane Co votes that corporations are not people and money is not speech. (84% Madison voted similarly)
i can;t b storng anymore i am brakeing down
niggas be stunting in the banks car... Still owing 20 on a Rover .
Great job Badgers on clinching the Big Ten Championship and going back to Pasadena!
YAY! RT We miss you too. Come back and visit. Looking forward to seeing
i am seriously about to punch this kid sitting next to me in the face.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. ~Abraham Lincoln
- Hi RexaRae! I never got it....can you re-send it as a Twitter direct message? Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw... :)
I tried to go without coffee this morning and nearly fell asleep. Although i do find minor client emergencies are a good pick me up.
Can we ban the word #SWAG for 1 day on Twitter? Such an awful word.
realizing who my real friends are.
You're absolutely right. We've just been so busy chopping down trees with our bare hands.
LOL yeah what grade r u in?
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. -John F. Kennedy
Good morning, hope you all have a great day.
Welcome Lance..Enjoy your weekend.
Saints wins because we have better backup quarterbacks and we just are better...
I'm going back to bed! Screw this it's saturday I'm going back to dream-land!
Hettie & Leandre rescued from Puppymills in PA. Sarah Sue from KY. All the cats were local here in Charlotte.
no problem!!(:
we come across low bookshelf units once in a while. We'll keep our eyes peeled for ya. Are you on our email list?
S/o 2 just checked in!
This stone crab got me sprung!
Checking out the EXPO room before the cracked.com humor panel starts.
Trucks are at #bttr tonight. Now till 11. Eat at and
Depends if you want private offices, fixed desk, floating, etc. There are tons.
it's a snow day. hooray...oh, but not for me...darn...
My suitcase weighs 10 more lbs than when I left LA.... Was it the good southern food?! :)
Do u need a secret security clearance to apply to the marketing specialist job?
Got something else going on tonight. Maybe see you guys at the hotel bar late(r)?
Wanna tinychat with me?
Just laughed so hard I cried...good times.
Had fun playing 4 you! “: Just landed in DC! Getting ready for 's Women to Watch Awards. Super excited!!! :)”
I can't stand the Benjy section of The Sound and the Fury. There. I said it.
Good morning, #Albuquerque! How are you faring on the first Daylight Savings Time Monday? I know there are some sleepy folks out there!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen having so much in my head but dont know how to express them in words
Thanks man, I don't think you're going to be disappointed
hey how do you get the recent images on twitter??? im so confused heellllllpppppppp me
what are you upto these days since your done w/ school? ne thing creative?
preach..lol..for winging it we snapped at that event..let's get those $2000 gigs..ha
Haha, yup. :P
I'm at Farmers Market, hubby is home watching Bond marathon. It's how we roll on the holiday weekend. Ah, marriage.
Ha! It was good seeing the questioners tonight demanding an answer on that. He came up short...
: Steelers vs. Broncos in the playoffs it's on. Happy new year!
Aren't Dylan McDermott and Dermot Mulroney the same guy??
Love my Nest thermostat. So cool to turn the heat on while driving home. We needed it bad. Bet it pays for itself in two months.
First fried pickle experience for took her only a year after me. -BH
If I told you I had a better way, would you at least listen with open mind?
Come out to the official weigh-in event at Brion’s Grill in Fairfax on Friday, 9/9 at 12pm. Meet the fighters and enjoy a great lunch!
Forcing down greek yogurt...
Turned off the sound?
Right back atcha!
rescued a stray dog walking alone on a country road near my house.
however, i will be speaking on the new #malcolmx book in #Oakland on April 21 hope to see you there!
You're welcome!! I've probably watched it about 2-3 times already ha. <3
not my numbers but doesn't seem that unreasonable. He's constantly in motion.
good to know, going tomorrow .
Peter Facinelli, a.k.a. Mr. Kelly Taylor, is on the show in ten minutes! and tomorrow, Tommy Wiseau! it's exciting times, folks.
Go Ravens!!!
<rebukes 'In Your Feelings Hour'>
THANK YOU
Thanks as always to as he previews #HeatvsKnicks with on and
when they held it in seattle :p
Your site looks great, are you going to bring me in for a photo shoot? Lifestyles of the rich and famous haha
Chi-Town stand up
If I feel like this all day, I'm going to be pissed.
RT please! Tickets now on sale at any united supermarket or other select-a-seat locations! Going fast so hurry and get em
Seriously boring! All we've had is calls about dirtbags beating their wives, but when get there, it's just fellow officers.
Fixing a hole
I'm going to the dj quik concert tomorrow and Saturday ill probably stay in with Kenyon.. maybe next weekend.
not a chance.
Are you participating in this thing or just photo documenting?
#gcb :) love this show
Who is having fun today?
Feeling some type of way right now and IDK way smh!
Trying to go global with www.bobestremeraphotography.com and signed up for Orkut for Brazil and India. Let's see . . .
Will someone please bring me some food? And go grocery shopping for me? I can't. I just can't.
Not Having Sex Till Im 21..
thank ya ;)
Our Recurly.js dev has been working with you to get this resolved. Is there anything else we can do to help you out?
adorable. her hair is getting so long. what are you two up to today? I'm at the Hynes for a sports conference.
My eye hurts! and I feel like im getting sick!! :(
The more you know!
Day two of kick-offs begins.
Thank you for the RT! Have a great week!
thank for the shout out!
Theres no sense in leading a person on if you already know it isnt going to work out.
This is wat ive been talking about girls like da way I am
I don't know why I bother with Twitter, I never do anything on here
mine says nothing, I just win..
Awesome! If you guys get any photos you are willing to share, let me know... I would love to include them in our gallery!
I’ve always pronounced duct tape as duck tape. I am African
Fight nature with nature.
Hell Friday!!!! Have a great weekend and BE CHOOSEY!!!
So in love with my new iPad. May not get anything useful done for awhile.
Brisket was good but lacked a certain je ne sais quoi (fun fact: I once was dragged behind a truck for saying that in Texas once).
lucky ... My moms is sexy & I know it, but she changes it to chubby & I know it ..
Jesus Crist, Never ask to borrow my car!
i can see my house from here
That's so depressing when you come back home and see isn't in your followers |:
Watching twilight <3
Fake ass people.. That's the shit I don't like...
Now serving Cabrito Tacos every Sunday, begining at noon until it's gone! $3.49ea! Come early and get your Goat on!
Pumps In A Bump RT : Thriller RT Big Pimpin RT : What's the name of Chris and Rihanna new song?
I agree, and would say 12 notes, but it wasn't my original quote! I was quoting Ruth Ross.
I've got a great tweet comin at y'all, stay tuned you're going to want to see this 😂
"It's raining! It's pouring! The old man is snoring! He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!"
Miss you too!
Hoping to make a trip to Detroit to see the sox and some ledges. Get some chirping in.
Lower your credit card interest rates at www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Snow flurries!!
u know thats right ! The guy has no life whatsoever !
Sometimes people just don't have a filter and those people need to feel the consequences!
"Hillbilly Jeopardy" at 5:30pm for tickets. Yee-haw!
Sounds rad! ": Researching ergotoxicosis in the middle ages and custom Lego sculptures. Because that's how this book rolls.”
RT Woke up early this morning 2 feel like I'm practicing 4 Balloon Fiesta-all that's missing is the sound of propane burners
this is really important...I like the new Wheat Thins packaging
Vandor Introduces 20-ounce Steins And Canvas Wall Art - Sacramento Bee
That was some unreal shredding. crowd loved it! Now it's "The Rising." This song is stron. Cld make u get religion.
Austin, you make me happy, just to see you happy. i appreciate you ☺
Erykah Badu will be checking in with me. What do you want me to ask her?
I had never seen #futurefood. Now I think it's the greatest thing ever. It's better than #TheBeatles. (via )
1st left to become Mayor, 2nd filled in and next guy is now part of campaign. In this case 4th one is a charm?
HAPPYBIRTHDAY to the most beautiful&talented girl in the world I love u so much you are my inspiration, hope its a good one (:
hit up Trey Songz. U and Trey= Hit!!!
From what I understand those new top level domains are like $185K. I think we can spend money on better things.
Can't stop watching ,
That all depends on your talent.
A Playful Spirit « Sunday Smiles
Yea. They just sell all food tho. Walmart should see them also tho.
Glad you enjoyed!
I do PSD conversions. $1,500 for a basic site. Anything with CPT's and above start at $2,500.
love you 2!!! See u soon..
I miss my babies :(
I hate waiting in a hospital!!!
God will create circumstances and situations in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
we love here cheers on much had success with more on way, let us know where u are dining with check in
