Pro-choice debates with right wingers on Facebook is exhausting.
Note to my twitter friends: so sorry I've neglected you these past few weeks. Been swamped with an awesome new marketing gig
dope show in Athens last night mayn you killed it
Without forgiveness life is governed by... an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation
Hearing what cute things my kids did today is one of my favorite things next to being with them.
i loved you...until you made this picture public(;
Previous tweet is another piece about Indiana's long history of incompetent forensics. Dr Gill kept working who knows about the D Tox techs
Those are all great...sure you'll love them.
Baker!! Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!!
Maybe the bookstore model works better for libraries than it does for bookstores?
excited to c u in a Duplass! My fav movie of all time is Baghead! "meet me in my room in 20 minutes" "I'm serious"
RT: "If you believe business is built on relationships, make building them your business." ~Scott Stratten Book
HuBz grabs his laptop and walks away. He forgot it was still connected to the main computer.....
Aretha Franklin just blew the Fox UP..... wow. I'm emotionally drained!
Hahaa! Especially considering she can't read!
NOO!!! IT'S BULLS!
Finally finished cleaning my room!!... at 2:51 am... #teamnosleep :(
: Thanks so much!! I am honored you selected me as your subject today. 😊
It is too early in the semester to be this stressed.
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle!
RELAXING DAY! Throat still hurts
how was your first practice? gettin a feel for the playbook?
my first ever poetry reading will be next tuesday at the amsterdam cafe (937 geary street, san francisco, ca) at 8:00 pm
U are the best thing that's ever been mine!
Gloomy day!
Thanks for the reply.
on a walk today I saw your headquarters on Edison! I live on 8th. I hear all those solar panels on the roof power 100% of electric
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust." ~~Psalm 91:2
. thank you for sharing your story of being bullied. As adult bystanders we must intervene and help any child we see being bullied
It's March!!!
I feel you. My grandson keeps me cracking up too
Of course! What are you up to now? :)
those the bets in vegas? My guy out there with $300 of mine. I need a few bets
Happy momma and beautiful!
GM Box seats at the
Thx to for hosting last nights great event!
#nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
BOL at your avatar
New Pics Of Sacha Baron Cohen, Megan Fox &amp; Anna Faris In 'The Dictator' - Indie Wire (blog)
YOLO No fucking shit I only live once you running around saying it doesn't make me want to live
aww i think im losing followers D:...well i love u guys sorry i wasn't on in a while i was practicing my dance moves i got an 85 out of 100
awww I miss you both
Wish I had a Mac so I could download the new Greenpois0n 
Good morning to u all, take the time to thank jesus today now for the best blessing ever ,LIFE.. now is ur decision how u use it aks jesus .
i got the song chopped
Frank, just pre-ordered the print of The Shape of Design (totally stoked). Wondering if you could sign it for a Theta Chi brother.
is it sad to say that is an addiction i love . and im proud to say that
responding to a freelance inquiry.
RT : New addition to overused political lexicon "Everythings on the table" Still #1 "The reality is." #2 "At the end of the day."
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all mothers out there!
No matter what I am going through I am always there for other's
thank you God for another beauTIFFul day, #dailytweet !
doesn't really like sluts and finally deleted tila tequila.
I rarely do this… But it seems I'm going to spend the night doodling. Got to get out of this funk somehow!
I think it's a Mormon tradition, and the author is Mormon, right?
Thank you so much! :D
Steve's sick.
You were working 2 jobs, just to put a roof over our head.
You've just been Crumbled LA 30 tickets or so left for friday.
just got back from the beach & DQ :]
it is interesting,even those with the "hook up" complain about the status quo as much as those who don't have the same structural advantages
Real estate expo from tomorrow
A sunny Friday? I'll take it!
killed it tonight... packed out the house, even played us a new song.... only in Seattle.
Lots of EAD sessions for me at #saa11. Love EAD but we need to put it to better use. If EAD document is a database we should use it as such.
Day 1 of EOLv2 press preview underway.
Go organize every inch of my house? haha
Wanna watch Forgetting Sarah Marshall then bedtime...
In da trap
I think I need an Adderall today...
he does incredible work lowering the bar for himself, eh? SO glad ESPN Chicago has better local programming during his slot instead.
Hello twitta! It's been a while :) How is everyone?! I've missed you!
A group is a bunch of people in an elevator. A team is also a bunch of people in an elevator, but the elevator is broken! -Bonnie Edelstein
He's so adorable! He looks a lot like our Pudge :-)
Yes, it does.
RT: :Ideas are nothing without execution. Goals are just dreams without execution.
Happy Friday: No particular theme or focus today - TGIF!!!
Yes, I thought so, too!
I didn't tweet cuz I was still in school! :(
I feel you lol me too
On the high noon shootout between Sheriff Clarke & Ed Flynn - Clarke wins the fashion award (horse, spurs) but my $$ is on the Chief
nonsense. Cardboard is totally different than wood.
Tupac! Probably a bit late on that though.
Ted DebiaSea & Cake
hopefully we get a good coach.. im ready to find out
How can someone not pronounce New York Gangster right?!
Woohoo! I got advanced screening to passes to Dark Shadows and What To Expect When You're Expecting! :D - Saved $25.00!
Good Morning to all my SUPER Followers! Lets begin to make 2012 connections!!
Finally, saw the latest ep. of Cougar Town on Hulu...loved it... "PENNY CAN!"
In Music Meeting- New Politics “Yeah Yeah Yeah” I’m starting to “like” it less, it’s a silly pop song
strip club
all the words used to describe Camille are totally spot on. As my aunt says she did it to herself!!!
THANKS Paul! Appreciate the RT tons. Witty AND Provocative? Oh baby.
2,000 Years Of Waiting To Go Home + 64 Years Of Miracles= The Story Of The #Jewish Ppl
Milwaukee is a hub for wack ass niggas !!!!
LMFAO! Thanks for the advice. I'll make sure to try that lol
RT Want to make sure you have an article that garners interest? Use a keyword research tool like Google Autocomplete!
#iwantracetickets Dale Jr.
girl, you're welcome!
do you mean mobile apps that use open data? There are several created at Codeathons check and
are you gonna be at tryouts?!
Rock-n-roll n-deed. :-) RT : I just signed up to try out for a improv house team. Rock-n-roll.
it's one of my favorite words.
The tech to create the video of 2Pac was much newer. ;-)
I can't forget about undertaker vs h
do you think it's worth the upgrade from an iPad 1?
Life is like a cup of tea, it's all in how you make it. ~ Irish Proverb
follow FOLLOWS BACK!
So PROUD of my #OhioU #Bobcats! Could not be any better that they beat #MI :-) Oh, my hubby's bracket is hurting ... LOL
Awesome Thanks! Can't wait!
Yayayayay! The weekend has begun! So excited for our Second NWA Workshop this Sunday! Stay Tuned!
I don't see any reason why the iPads with 3G or LTE can't also be used a phone with earbuds
Thus dude on Steve wilkos just fucked himself lol
RT #mla12 does something I wish more people did, ends by giving audience head's up to key journals in the field.
“ Going to Vegas next weekend!!” hell yeah about to have a blast!
uh yeah I'm mad homie lol
bout time!!
Where are they now? We check back with job seekers laid off during the height of the recession. Story on twelve.tv this evening.
We @ the Sheraton Abq Uptown are sorry to hear about the passing of your Grandpa.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
DM coming for you :)
more like in a crowd while in pajama
you will. You should sit with us. :)
Stop fucking fourteen year olds.
All the cool ppl are going. ": Putting the final touches on the afterparty. This is going to rock! #XbusTour #innovate2011 ^JB"
So happy for and her new job!!
we love you too! :))
#imagine you: Justin..Justin: shh save the talking for later, I just want to stare into your eyes and hope this lasts forever *he kisses u*
i saw smh
It seems that robots on twitter present one with an array of options. Free iPads, sweat-soaked thongs, pregnancy tests. The future is NOW!!!
This injustice must be corrected immediately!
If the retina were slower than speed of a light photon, how could it capture the photon? So, what is the speed of existence?
finally unfollowed alot of non-needed tweeters to get to <2000 so can add more new ones now!
You wouldn't be able to tell that it's one of my tests if it was easy... ;-)
aw thank you!!
thanks for watching the video - I'm really new at videos I appreciate the encouragement!
wight what?
I like to call it...observation ;)
haha, yep. He's more popular than I am. He's cuter too. He'll probably be famous in El Reno b4 too long. ☺
Cd is herding crowd outside for video
Haha I have a headache. Going to bed. Algebra EOC tomorrow. Woohoo -___- GREAT way to start off my week.
easily best FA pickup. Wish my packers would have added him. Have never had that 3rd down back.
For people who participated in the #MW2012 #musesocial chat: anything we should share with the SI team today from the session?
Ohmygod. I just died. My brother managed to get Europe & Russia confused on a map.
If you want someone to handle the details or your business hire a kid in India for $2 an hour.
The guy across from me is nodding out from dope and has tin foil in his hands.... la why you do crazy
Just heard the term "brotox" today.
Thanks for joining us for Christmas , we hope you had a merry one!
she just learned it lol.
hate to tell you this...but no.
boy look at this body.........I work out
Rae I think you should do a video on growing up Korean American I'd love to watch!
MiAW in Europe this month. Contact for booking! MusicisaWeaponBand.com
#RIT Formula car had mechanical problems, so no show at :( Guy dancing to Lady Gaga a poor replacement
Whoops, I meant recommend! And I still don't.
OMG HI!!! sorry for the late reply I was watching my bro fail at MW3 haha!
Where is Uncle Jesse and Michelle!? Ugh.
We can't wait to meet them <3
Breaking news - FREE MIMOSA AT MY READING TODAY
We're live tweeting from Viral is a Dirty Word: Strategic Video Success
I imagine they'll keep the hopepipe ban in place for as long as they can… London and the SouthEast needs a lot of water.
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates...StraightEdge?
NEWS: The first show of 2012 will be at Hody Bar & Grill on Saturday, January 28th!
RIP jose perez, man I'm still in shock I can't believe his gone, its so hard.
BUY IT! What are you waiting for?
yees, he is!
Saying this with literally no trace of irony: Congrats! RT : I just deleted my account, felt great.
#AddHealth2Life leading effort to bring locally sourced food to seniors in her district. That’s #agefriendly!
on da mic work best wen fried/let me be and don't ask me why/said it many times get off mines/this my life i smoke and rhyme
I agree! is excited too! RT #indyfest cant wait to c what this "snakepit" is all about in mke! sounds awesome
lol ok ! How your summer been ?
love the commercial, making Nancy Kerrigan into Fancy Kerrigan, Awesome!
I'd rather see #ladygaga perform than this old hag
Good worship service in H-Ville Oasis last night. Hosanna in the highest! Very nice Word by Pastor Tim as well.
I would like to thank all my porn star/whore followers. What would I do without you?
man you got em all PT want to be like you when I grow up. Hahaha u back in the ville yet?
bring your posse. We all want to escape.
Greatest beard ever. RT : RedLegs definitely need to re-establish "no facial hair" rule.
Almost any difficulty will move in the face of honesty. When I am honest I never feel stupid. [continued]
On second thought...it's better this way...Now you can have more creative control over your career...KEEP THAT....
That's not a boy.
it's may 24th- i told my husband- i made it by a week to my goal of being published by 35 ;)
You said it. Press will still find a way to call him "arrogant" If he gets 7th Wimby, I wish I could give him sequins
Come on Scott-After all the green beer they will need a reminder that the phones still work without the wires.
girl you should!
There he is... w/ Fred Jamerson
Just now getting up. And now im about to go to the pool and chill.
I'm off Sunday!!!!
Future #Yankee Bryce Harper makes his MLB debut tonight.
how about some runs here tigers? 1 run so far? seriously?
Hm...going to be in Seattle for 5 days...anyone have some suggestions?
Joss Whedon destroys all expectation in glorious fashion. I was 8 years old again. Movies are magic, no doubt.
that's great, right?
Intelligence is sexy. So are deep voices and brown hair.
anyone else having problems with working lately?
Can't wait to see the videos! I'm all ready a fan!
Chillin here what's up with u
On the video channel: tail end of "Roxanne" followed by "One Thing Leads to Another." Greatness. Suddenly I have acne and hair gel again.
Kurt killed it! Rachel is nervous haha
Oh snap! Almost forgot I joined the softball team and first game is tomorrow evening. Gotta get ready for that too.
Got it! Sounds good! Check out the website if you need equipment when its time to shoot, www.kmcamera.com
WELCOME TO TWITTER HAPPY VALENTINES DAY,WISH YOU SUCCESS. LUCY
I just can't, I gotta keep my followers laughing
Starting April 1st, Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate every Mondays and Saturdays
hi cHris I'm at church
Going to a yoga class. Wish me luck.
Good skin is a reflection of a good digestive system. Acne, rosacea, and psoriasis can be from imbalanced "good" vs. "bad" bacteria.
Hey thanks for following! Happy new year
Busy day today...gym, Zumba, meeting, teaching a graduate course, then LOTS and LOTS of school related work. My life is never dull!
lil mamma held it down. She gained my props for that one there
On the Reds game Cowboy needs to stop talking about batters "fisting" the ball - its worse than bball players going to the bench for a blow
making fun of friends
What do you do with a 40 year old woman who thinks she's God's gift? Trade her in for two 20 year olds.
*Finally* getting started on my e-portfolio write up.
So if I typed "whore" on google your picture would come up right?
New La Mesa Police Chief Ed Aceves shares crime rates 4 LM for this 3rd quarter: Aggravated assault and robbery both up compared to 2010.
Also on Thursday, March 22: Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
got a real person I can speak with?
no. heavens carefree. they play go fish and monopoly.
Time to get fancy :P
yeah, I need to request one but I can't do it online. I have to print the form :( I guess I'll go to the library tomorrow.
is a fool. ROFL
You don't respect yourself miss, when all u know about is cold showers.
When You Want To Make It Happen?
Busy as a bastard today. Work work work then drink drink drink. Watching Th Green Mile One of the best movies ever. But thats just me.
I was in shoprite getting ready to pay for my drink and the girl cashier likes omg ur a famous actor and i go nah im a barber. lol
#finalstime. ACCOUNTING LETS GO.
Just terrible! Lol.
were off and running in the PJ's baddest.
Refusing forgiveness is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. Forgive for the self, if nothing else.
slavery is real
As much fun as driving a pick up drick is the gas managment is insulting
apparently headbutts arnt legal in the NFL
expose idiocy everywhere, my new mantra.
I got some serious chills right now. Congrats
Library table at Parent Orientation-need flyer on jobs...that is what 'rents are interested in
I can't sleep so i'm gonna watch a movie.
Even though it's always summer in Florida with a few chilly mornings lol
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
RT : Learning lots at #HVSummit. Can't wait to get back to GA and share w/ our partners!
pizza night ? dj-
maybe will take me? :) We haven't come out there yet and we love wine!
lol Im heading to a party! :)
Welcome to twitter!! Coming soon Jade Monkey and Hawks! Social Inbox Corp blowing up!!!
Eavesdropping on this conversation that are having & am learning some new things!
Sounds like this work call isn't keeping me from much in the #Royals game, eh?
You smiled at me for one second, but that smile had me smiling for the whole day ♥”
Haha that awkward moment when you're tweeting that person right beside you.....
can't stop listening to Skrillex - Cinema. I'd totally sing this to
Jim Farley is amazing! RT Yes :) RT : blown away by how CMO 'gets' social listening & letting fans...
LA Area Archivists Get-Together tomorrow Fri 4/20 3-5pm Young Research Library in West Electronic Classroom. Everyone is welcome!
Don't love no hoe, that's my principal
4 day weekend is starting to look good right about now!!
yeah thats what I think I'ma doo cause if I start to early my curls will fall !
He who has health, has hope. And he who has hope, has everything. - Proverb
👍👍I'm still lookn for that woman..👀
Thank you! I sure will. Very busy but time for fun too!
I had trouble signing out of the web version of Twitter last night.
I want to find someone who makes my heart start and stop beating at the same time...
What patterns of belief or behavior do you need to let pass away today? Your thoughts and actions determine your results!
It's a little small, but I think that will work.
I hear ya,as a fan I would want the easiest road to the Championship possible.That certainly is not playing UK
Me too It's why I'm taking Friday off! RT : It's only Tuesday but it feels like it's Thursday or Friday to me!
Haitian Embassy is full of hospitality, lively music and delicious treats! Pickup a cookbook!
I love this fucking feeling!
Looking for an very user friendly #CRM client any suggestions are greatly appriciated.
Join us for the moving Knoxville Nativity Pageant on Sun, Dec 11, 3pm at Knoxville Civic Coliseum. Free admission. Also on Dec 12/13 @ 7pm.
well Damn! Had no clue
Hey cousin. Haven't been on in a few. Message me your # plz :)
hey-back in Memphis....
I'm pretty sure that was taken during the playoff preview show.
Thank U all for the follow! U guys are the best! :-) Have a fun weekend!
yeah, when are you available? Sunday brunch?
Hello Metroplex !! Thursday is here and we are ready for the best Rumba , here @ MamboCafe Dallas !! Ladies get in free all night long !
I know! And sometimes it's a big elephant you need to eat!
UK baseball can have an 8-4 record in their final 12 SEC games and still set the school record for SEC wins in a season.
Girl You know I will be there to support you
When Melo decides he is going into the paint he is a bulldozer!!! Unstoppable
Good morning #ROC!
HEAD CHOPPED. RIP RAT TAIL.
Great news we put up a new song! Its called "Revisionist" go listen to it and tell us what you think! www.facebook.com/athroneofarms
Is that like a question or.. ? Hahahah cause yes he does. a lot
Chicken and rice, corn and a roll.
#SherlockPBS is dark, sharp & surprising! Keep your mr grey, ladies!
Thanks, I sobbed. Like a little bitch...Damon DID meet her first...like wtf? is she going to remember now? she better!
GO PUT ON SOME PANTS
Shout out to for being the only female at the #ManLunch today AND sportin' that sexy "I'm doin' shit" power outfit
Rabbit Rabbit! =)
Just killed my calc I final. Good way to end a crappy day of classes.
This boy just doesn't get it was just a one night stand >.< ;p
That's okay, it hasn't changed. ; )
Re: Ryan Braun. Just seems like his face is thinner or something. Maybe it's the TV.
Dang. Can I assume Ned Yost doesn't trust Mazzaro if he has Nate Adcock warming up in the bullpen and it's only the fourth inning?
my mac air doesnt have cd drive. when i travel ive no way 2 play insanity dvds. happy 2 spend another $100+ for a download. plans?
takin everything slow, so slow.. so sloow.
is cooking up chips & guacamole, tostada de carne asada, fiery fish tacos and red burritos.
The brand name is important for one company, which can help the customers to distinguish one company in the market
I would love to, but I am already booked. Thanks for the offer, I love Tweet Night!
Do I look like Mikey? O.o thinks so.. DHFOAIWJE AWJ FO;IAJWOIJTEFOJW3QPTUWEF.
listening to terrible music
Maybe we'll see you there!
I am in bed...eyes wide open. O.O
The Thompson Library is accepting new applications for winter quarter’s Graduate/Faculty Locker drawing, from now until January 10.
youre an ass.
ik u feel tht way but idk bout others. and thanks hannah it means a lot iloveyou girlie(:
yes, I could do w/o the "welcome to California" earthquake. Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
I feel like a pledge walking around in jeans bc of lab dress code
have you seen the new three stooges preview? Looks pretty sweet!
Aw. We are collectively blushing!
Hoping ROH signs with our other iPPV affiliate...
U rock Glenn!
OLLU SOFTBALL: Won 6-0 against Bacone College in second game of doubleheader.
Aesthetics emerges at the division/disjunction between religion (magic) and technology. ~Simondon
these niggas faker than Tha bitch hair sittin next to em! On my mama from the city to the town #mybigblockfamilystillkeepinitlit!!
not in the USA RT“: If NBA lockout continues and cancels season, Will people start watching NHL again?”
Has anyone noticed that we haven't really heard from in awhile?
thank god
Paul: i used to think it was nasty to add spinach to a smoothie but now I actually like it - just made one - blackberry/banana/spinach
Just about time to get ready for work hope today is another awesome one! Happy Sunday March 4, 2012 pplz!
Still up. My sleep schedule has always been jacked up.
#TooLittleTooLate if your just now realizing your fat....
One day I will marry just gotta make sure she doesn't meat dudes a bad guy
Going to my first and I am o so excited!!!
I'll check my calendar and we'll get that rescheduled asap
It's 82! Windows down. Sunroof opened. Matt Maher, Hold Us Together playing. #lifeisgood :) Can't wait to see the kid.
hey there(:
So I tell people I like grant writing, but I'm pretty sure I like painting my nails and listening coast to coast am more.
In the long run, we are all dead.
sometimes it tries to auto correct my name to Eritrea which is kind of hilarious
THIS SHIT NEVER GETZ OLD
New followers we dig: (hi Craig!) and
Agree that God doesn't make mistakes!!! Love how you represent our #Mizzou!!!!
"Change & growth take place when a person has risked himself & dares to become involved w/experimenting with his own life." Herbert A. Otto
read your book, Digital Mom Handbook and it refreshed my memory from BlogHer. Great read!
I'll trade ya two and one for an mint condition!
#Ditto RT : Just watched "Game Change." Omg.
AND I LOOOOVEEE ROCC HE CUTE! ^-^
wen is the undertaker coming back
i just watched ur interview!(: never stop singing. ever. u'll be famous one day. i know it(:
Great day at with all of the food trucks. A beautiful day to raise money for Thanks for coming out!
Ha!!! RT Today's Relationships ; You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Pulitzer board stiffs 'Swamplandia' and other works of fiction - Kansas City Star
Think should submit a video for the Sundrop 'drop it like it's hot' campaign. What u say
I love my new neighborhood!
": Fuck you if you hate Chris Brown or #teambreezy." >>>>>>
really George?? Puuuuleeeez. Do u think I care? Luv u though. :)
exactly and btw, those guys are avail for marketing and promo initiatives via RR founders!
I hate the Yankees.
WOW! She looks horrible. -_-
I so love beening on twitter:))
Little Big League. Rookie of the Year. Sandlot. Field of Dreams. I could go on and on.
Happy Easter everyone.
Sorry, but StrikeForce will always be Tito Santana and Rick Martel to me.
Someone should ironically make a "hoarding" app where you greedily store away all the interesting things you want to hide from your friends.
Have fun what a nice time of year to be up in the Hamptons.
i was obviously talking about me n u when i tweeted that to keegan
A leader is best when people barely know he exists talks little when his work is done his aim fulfilled they will say We did this ourselves
Forever21 needs to open up a tall/skinny section. Aren't there clothes supposed to be model-like? If so, why is everything short on me? Ugh.
LOL! You are very right!
started crying
Perhaps a parachute, or wing suit.
Is it dark and mysterious, with a long tunnel that leads to the first guitar that mankind has ever seen?
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!!!
no time for playin games if his eyes aren't on ur prise only bounce! Unless she got a big butt & smile!
No runs on 2 hits for Patriots in the 4th, their first 2 hits of the game. M. Harris, G. Cip, Skinkis due up for
im going this week to see how much their gonna charge me to get my arm outlined needa get the rest done :)
all I have been bumpin to this past days is
and the yankees came back and killed the sox? i missed a lot of things :(
and snowing? It s snowing here. I'm only 15 mins away from DC
does your dad still sell tasers?
Could not agree more!! #gooddaytobealiveafterfive RE: Not a cloud in the sky
Yes, which is why name badges DO help!
This is how you're going to treat your friend? Is this how it is?
Really wanting some Brad Paisley tickets!!! #concert #fun #love #COUNTRY 💙
"You always pass failure on the way to success."
After a 60-hour work week, I'm off to shoot in Puerto Rico for a week.
If that pussy ain't smack'n like a hoe dat own a pimp money it aint wet enough
Thanks for the welcome! See you soon!
#Lakers have third best home record in the NBA.
that is a volatile combination.
Thanks. I hope you like it. Have you written any screen plays or scrips? I would love to read your novel when finished!
Good Morning one and all...Coffee's hot and the sun is up!! Nothing better in the morning!
When u choose to put love first, everything that isn't love will fall away.
I'm torn to be right where you are.-He Is We<3
Text Me Sweetheart
I love my job!
Getting more tobbacco for my hookah today. This time trying passion fruit one.
Absolutely fabulous. Warm sun, cool breezes. Unseasonably great! miss all my buds there in Houston.
just seen thee phatttEST as cant be real lawd
certian things i am very proud to be a geek xx
Football practice again tonight will we get rained out?
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the MS Fundraiser tonight @ Dogfish Head Alehouse in Falls Church West...aka Chantilly, VA!
Very successful #SportsTacklesCancer event on Thursday night! Thx from to Chicago
"Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression." - Dr. Haim Ginott
Is it just my imagination or was the wait for Newt to sayit's over just as painful as a migraine?
you are now a cat? but cats make your life miserable...
Packed up "The Box" for my NBPTS renewal. Headed off to mail it now. Feeling more anxious than relieved still.
this is a bucket list fantasy! To have my man come home & find my trail of rose buds (cliché) leading to a nice
At Pink's on Melrose eating entirely way too much #overconsumption with and
N***** will steal your shit and then help you look for it. "Damn bro, where did you see it last?"
does anyone know of a JHU alum group devoted to HL Mencken?
Ah good point. Don't think I can wait that long!
Need a Cat nap aka Power nap. Seems that is all there is time for these days. The grind never stops.
Local filmmakers premiere their short film Un buen hijo at hART Lounge in San Diego - 7.11.11 at 6pm!
why the hell do i even bother, if i already know what response i'll get ? #whatever d:
There's no way I could stand watching WiFi sync; I'd flip out. It happens overnight or not at all here. :/
My brain has mashed-up Cash and Dylan this a.m. My right hemisphere has taken over. Wish I had some creative to do!
I'm working, but I'll have it on. #GoAvsGo!
March Madness begins in exactly one month in Portland! RT The NCAA Men's Basketball Comm has begun its meetings in Indianapolis.
whats with all the celebrities and and
Donors to Craig James' Senate bid in Texas: ESPN's Jenn Brown and Mike Patrick, plus Butch Davis and Eric Dickerson.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter :)
It's fun, but also challenging - luckily management let this position evolve considering our needs.
is Kobe the greatest Laker of all time then?
Then why's it always feel so heavy?! Light on the surface perhaps, but structurally and institutionally as ingrained as ever
Sometimes I just have to mute Jim Cramer. Way to spazzy.
Hiding out from the rain...
ive been trying to bring back the word "dope" for a while now, so everyone try this at home "thanks for the dope present"
A pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up. (: ✌
“ Liquor store run....its Friday”
Same to you alienhead. RT : Happy mothers day
have fun casting - whats the deal union or non???
It doesn�t matter where you go in life, it�s who you have beside you that makes it worthwhile.
I think it's okay with a really, really big tip. One percent for every mph the wind is!
Hahahahaa go suck jerry! :D
ORGANIC spray tanning! our clients love their bronze glow!
Haha my mommy likes the song "Smile" by Avril Lavign. I'm very surprised. Wow. :)
#Milwaukee #Police just talked the man down of the ledge of the #Hoanbridge!
Justin bieber
HOE-LO. (; sluts ftw.
I believe we should live and let live.
Friday at AAG! Two morning sessions of geo-education and geo-games. Next session on geography and social media. Packed house here
"For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are those 'It might have been.'" - John Greenleaf Whittier
yep! you just kicked my tweet's ass
Unique way of stating what free-market capitalists feel and one we all can relate too. Let the countdown clock begin!
Ya know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus Yall just da pilgrims.
well some one looks H-O-T in there pic!! No homo :p
Watching an old person use an ATM is hilarious.... But not as hilarious when you're waiting in line behind them.
#CNI2009spring EthicShare VRE; making use of the GroupLens research team; they do research on what makes collab recommendation systems go
Good! i deff will be on the look out! i was seriously on the floor laughing! reminded me of my friends haha! please follow =)
RT : Cheese is the most stolen food in the world. Smell my fromunda cheese
good to see you too my friend! :)
Sometimes I wish I went to TCU so it would only take me 15 minutes to get back to college. Stupid 5 hour drive!
wait what channel?
HOW THE FUCK DID I ONLY GET A 29 ON MY A.C.T.!!! >:O
That nigga C Miles told me today he hope my baby help me get some tittes haha
Hope everyone had a lovely tax day. Our accountant Mr. Dollar (seriously, that is his name) made & mine quite nice.
We have a new server and location ready - vpn-as2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Denver, CO.. It's available in your customer area now.
you're welcome!! 
Church after work today....
took the series!!
Live music all weekend starting tonight with The Acoustix! If you want to get on our stage, come tonight for Karaoke at 10.
Java AtomicReferenceArray MSF module looks pretty sexy.
Relaxing. Going to watch "Slumdog Millionaire"
Morning wind & rain - One lone coot bobs in the waves Where once were hundreds.
Waiting for a table and this woman stands over a group sitting down for dinner until they felt so uncomfortable they got up and left
we have so many great meals together in our future - I can just taste it ;-)
I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" Bitch you need to hibernate.
everyone be tryna play me to the left like I ain't that nigha. Tf is wrong with y'all?! Lol
I should have stuck w my original plan today...I'm so miserable!
Jim finally caught BRIDESMAIDS this weekend. Just as good as everyone said it was. You dare disagree?!?
It should be irrepressible excitement
- Ehlan wa Sahlan! - stop by for lunch or espresso & gelato some time.
Today's contest at Oceanside Pier postponed - Again!
Thoroughly thought out design as opposed to something that is just "pretty" or "cool"... design that can tell a story.
Flew in from #Vegas last night and just booked my room for the #NACE12 conference June 12-15 in Vegas!
Going to buy an early birthday gift for myself, tickets to Florence and the Machine
This could be a college class. Ever thought about being a visiting scholar? I'm hooked.
- Haven't received your Chef Hall of Fame ballot yet. Call 858-634-4410 to be part of Monday's promo shoot for our Sept issue
Sanfelippo could easily afford it. His cab company raked in an estimated $23 million.
I would choose the cup of a carpenter
Fla we need to get out and vote 4 , a lot of things have been changed, and we can't let GOP push us back 2 the old rules
Yay! Laundry night. Man, do I wish there was a fluff & fold place in LA.
not leaving bed til it's warm outside lol
Lately everytime I drink this particular wine-something goes wrong.
I have some ideas, but its not at jury duty while opening a restaurant #kettlehill RT : Where is a chefs time best spent?
It would SoO make my Day iF can RT! Im KinDa HavInG a BaD MorNinG.. :/
Had a fantastic time in Tampa and Orlando filming and getting to know everyone Thanks guys. Heading home now.
All the best wishes for 2012 from us here at Chevy Chase Ballroom. We can't wait to dance with you in the New Year!
I love that is on the banned list but UMG paid them for that Eminem advertisement.
Planning my first trip in over two years, my first comment: "We have to go between June 8th and June 22nd... you know, Prometheus and Brave"
#Rutgers Green with an ankle twist is no good...
now you're just teasing mee ;( lol
#RIPMCA Few people fit as much awesomeness into 47 years as he did. Legendary talent and super nice guy. Long live the Beasties.
Woke up to a dance remix for first single that is FIYAH. Working it all out. Who
I dunno about that, but Baron Davis might see a decline in minutes. Lin, Melo, Amar'e, new big 3?
One problem I have with the makeup industry is this constant attempt to fight aging. Umm hello, everyone ages. It's natural.
The #Oscars just got better - an sighting!!!
Battery! Is about "A" Battery of the 139th GFAB, 82nd Airborne. Their "Dick Winters" was Charles Sartain. He's still alive today.
And Audre Lorde. #Feb18trifecta PS Hope you had the happiest of birthdays!
hope u die
I KNOW
or are you like a tiny buddha...covered in hair?
Luv u all but happy easter?, rabbits, eggs, candy, were not kids anymore..give way 2 the true meanin of the day-HAPPY RESURRECTION SUNDAY
. Usage: "Windows Mobile5 defenestrated the mobile market to iOS", "WebForms defenestrated a generation of developers to Ruby"
until then, individual educations stay second
Go Broncos!
I really am not in the mood to be at work at all today
Now y'all tryna say what's up?!?...nah, nah
thanks, I had been planning on seeing your show this weekend but got free tix to Venus in Fur Fri, a buddy was in town Sat...
The best way to avert the hidden costs incorporated in printing is to estimate the cost of printing per page
How was the rodeo?:D
Your welcome :) how was your Thanksgiving
RT : nope not marketing SM should be part of community engagement. community does not equal marketing
I solute you, my comrade!
Avery Fisher, so touched by your generosity. Your support will go a long, long way. We cannot thank you enough! Love!!!!!
It is true you make my day that much better
Our clients include law firms and corporations who require our expertise and noted experience in identifying skilled legal employees.
I thought you weren't supposed to go to bed mad. this girl will be waking up with a shitty attitude.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Wear plenty of sunscreen!
Everybody come check out my boys at Uncle Billy's Rooftop tomorrow at 4p great music beautiful lake views! And it's Free!!!!!
If you want to get somewhere you have to know where you want to go & how to get there. Then never, never, never give up. Norman Veale
is Niese ready to break out?
Congrats on the new job!
That is insanity. Something needs to happen ASAP, and that something would be incarcerating the murderer!
Loving the sweatpants bulge from Carlos
(well, the passage he read on This American Life)
We just got copies of Strike and The Cigarette Girl in and they look incredible! We can't wait for you all to see them.
Thank you so much! I'll see you soon!
I picked it out yesterday. Just had to sleep on it, and going in to buy while he's in the car. :)
Creature by The Fatty Acids! RT
Happy Birthday<3
no problem
good sign for the weekend: found donna haraway book on the sidewalk. why would anyone throw this away? "...the cyborg is our ontology"
Not sure what dream I had last night but it caused me to take my pillow case off and throw it and my pillow across the room.
is testing my patience lol I guess i should quit for now
Gonna try coming before June 2!
Dinner time. Super excited for our Cannes young lions ad competition shoot over the next two days!!
Junior Reid..
Why doesn't seem very happy in the Happiness is the New Currency panel? Does he save all his happiness for ?
1 number?? D:
chilling with my familyy
lol that was some funny shit right there
pretty much ....
We will be at the Britton Pub this Saturday with Lost July out of Texas. 18 to enter 21 to drink.
It's like Harlequin meets erotica.
#PLNU people-- Go check out 's senior show! It is bitchin.
I thought canola was a cheap, unhealthy oil.
watched like 83 of them. hilarious.
Match of the night so far: win over Bully Ray!!
Old music is the best!
Come on back anytime! Glad you enjoyed your time.
Ah, so I have only about 15y on you. started college in '74
Beautiful autumn Seattle sunset now underway
Jane Fonda pretending to be disabled and sitting in wheel chair to get through airport security faster! WTF ! what a bitch!
When I first heard you scream in Freak, It just made me love you like twenty thousand times more. Freak is by far my favorite.
Feel free to visit on a nice summer day. Great food and wine on this here rock.
it's nice to know you're surfing everyday 
I like music but I hate musical guests.
My music exceeds the average volume. This is how I like my music.
It was great to have you in class! See you in Publishing on the Web next month.
Bringing down a prototype cube + cone to NYC and will meet folks informally: FRI Union Sq, SAT Prospect Park, SUN Central Park. Details soon
I haven't run into this problem before, and generally I love using , but this issue has me a little worried.
thank you for blessing me and acknowledging me following you ;))))
laid back friday night
Heats a go hard enuh
when i kum to atl whur kan i c u/r kan i pay u to be in my video shoot?
Have not seen them or tasted yo food. But I might get lucky 1year N see both!? ha...GM by da way
laptop, YOU HAVE ENOUGH PHONES and even if you did get a new one you would either hate it, break it or both within a month
oh yes!! had a a great day and lots of fun with my hott girlfriend....come get yours!!check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
#AustinTo700K <3 I keep tweeting because I'm a proud Mahomie. Even though I know it's gonna be harder to get noticed by him :(
If you're at #scelc2012 be sure to stop by the table to say hello and see a demo of our new interface
This game is crucial
WHO SET UP MEETINGS AN DNT HAVE NO MUTHA FUCKN JUICE MUFFINS COOKIES PEPPERMINTS COFFEE CREAM OR EVEN FUCKIN PAPER TOWELS
4 sure. My favorite aunt is up there. Mentor from Berklee John Ramsay is up there still teaching too. We'll make it happen.
goodnight all
While #opendata alone does not satisfy acct'bility, it's a critical component of any modern #opengov strategy.
Good morning ☀
just had dinner at Zengo.......delicious.
and I are going swimming today. Just saying.
Tweet Me Maybe?:)
What do you think about article marketing services??
oh, so fancy! I'm sure you got best dressed for the night you were there!
thanks! I'll try and get a pic as soon as I can.
“Government is a disease masquerading as its own cure.” – Robert LeFevre
Already 15 minutes late. Classic #csil. Predicting she'll come through the door furious about the traffic.
where at?
a man with time has no $ a man with $ has no time BREAKDOWN…understand why I have no time and don't waste my time if u have no $…Fuego out
I have not been around on Twitter lately,because my facebook selling group took of like a rocket.
It's chili time!
did you convince chudney to come back? It was nice to meet you:-) rob
I love being told i look like shit! (:
writing is the asynchronous blend
The Great Paranoid is now available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, Spotify and many more!!!
Hello ! :) So did you think aboout joining us?
RT : #Clearwire #clear stop advertising your 4g Wimax as a Whole city Wifi hotspot. because its not..you fail
Watching tangled :)) 👸
Im super nervous abt startin @ a new school 2marro..i'd have more confidence abt it if or Rted or followed(:
Hey loves, go follow my tumblr! i follow back, (excuse the ugly background, im just getting use to it)
Hah I just saw your nice tweets to me, then I go to read timeline and see this. LOL you crack me up.
Follow Me 4 A follow back
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
Idc!!! I like my poster!
WHAT?!?!? Archaeologists & MTSU students think they found bones of a mastodon in Franklin; the 5-yr-old paleontologist in me is psyched!
SMILE SUMMER IS NEAR AND CITY GEAR HAVE GREAT DEALS 4443 CANERUN ROAD!
Call me at 10 a.m. Which translates to I won't pick up till 10:45.
+1 #shutthehelluppierre RT : The best part about these West coast playoff games?... no Piere McGuire!
Walking in the pouring rain with (:
Sorry. Talked with Mike Parker not Riley about YouTube
u r super cute and would eventually find someone
1 hr until #artsmgtchat. Join #arts managers fr around the US to talk #socialmedia in the #arts! (cc: )
Just 15 minutes until our REALLY funny SURPRISE moment on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I'm just laying out in my front yard and an unknown neighborhood cat comes and lays next to me. Meow.
Gearing up for rehearsals this month still booking extras for scenes in Monongahela email
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
99% of people are hot. The other 1% go to my school.
This hour is taking so long to go by
Wanted to thank Jon Allhart for including me as part a panel discussion along with Catalana, Ebeneezer and Dan Mason. Enjoyed it.
Ready to start the day!
Photo shoot today with David Williams. Aerial Fabric in the trees. FUN!!
Monday Night Football and #FoodieChat Go Vikings!
thnx. I luv the service dpt city. Lionel has stellar customer service skills. The dealership is wonderful.
Wondering how Kinect would translate the pregnant version of me into an avatar. Thinking it would not be cute.
Congratulations! And great whitewater rafting photo! :)
tuning into webinar to learn how to best use the new FB timeline for fan pages
RT : Any Spotify Premium users out there? Worth the cost? I was wondering the same thing. W/more functionality could be worthit
thanks David!
Jus' went to Wal Mart to get me a book of stamps. Lady at da counter said, "dat'll be 9 bucks."
Just had Tater Tots and Steak Sandwich for lunch..
I'm never drinking again... Classic Sunday morning tweet
All I need is me, myself, and I
My heart beat is off the charts right now like fr fr !
Rumi lounge tonight my bro Dj Michael Collins video mixin all night amazing drink specials don't miss out!!
Since neither of us broke elbows or faces, we both win?
gotta say that Metasexual by Joydrop = one of the greatest albums of all time.
ohh :D mhh i wish he would notice me :D
Good morning! Hope your spring is going well-- coffee soon?
Don't over tag evidence to standards but have evidence for 65% of 97 indicators for evaluations.
I lack the fundamental ability to say no to ginger-pear muffins from Mud Pie, the vegan bakery/coffee shop on 39th Street.
We hate it when that happens. How the rest of your day perks up!
Doing laundry while finishing up food for brunch then the routine for next week begins
Thanks for the mention! :)
June 2 RT When ya bday? My bday is next week RT : One more week till I turn 23
like the high pressure attack in the final 3rd. Need a finisher. Agudelo is rich in the air - needs work with ball on floor.
I just found out my birthday is on Children's day!
Funny I wonder what his excuse was for not reboarding the ship when ordered. The lifeboats wouldn't take me out there?
Haha, On The Avengers Thor's Brother's Name Is Loki, Silly:p
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x7
What im feeling now <<<
oregon association of Builders think we'll see small improvement in the housing market through the Fall.
hey Ruby its little Jenna, u must be so sad that Alli is leaving. Promise to take good care of her back here in the states
MT “Portraits this weekend, Saturday for 's Rite of Rearrangement! Have u made your appt yet? Dates extended! #art #events”
Man do I hate seeing a lead like that squandered. Might as well give the #flyers a little hope cause they're going down in 5
...following, now follow ME!!!! 8^D
O'Reilly's next Talking Point. RT : Has Fox News pointed out how LeBron-to-Miami hurts Obama yet?
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Rain Down!
YES!yes!YES! RT My biggest complaint about audiobooks is I can't skim through the dull parts.
no prob dude,glad you love it!!!
Oh no! I'm so sorry.
I Been Waiting On Ur Phone Call, U Said Yu Had Something To Tell Me =)
stop printing money, increase rates and start making things - advise from #Hannan to #USA via
Congrats Linda Jameson you've won a $50 Dibbs card! Please message us with your email address and we'll forward over information!
Kristen Wiig...BREAKING THE DRESS/SKIN MATCHING RULE. Why are these women doing this to their flesh tones? #donotdoit #youlooknakey!
I know where a Brazilian Steakhouse. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.www.salgrosso.com
#RobertsFreaky XD I love you robert(:
hardly garbage b.c wbb doesnt have an outlet that will overpay millions o $ for underdeveloped talent. Mbb has declined
how long are you going to be in Miami ?/:
Too bad the only offspring home doesn't have a drivers license. I need a soda run! Hmm....does Diet Dr. Pepper deliver?
I finally won the 7yr. old over, she loves me!
Was his strategy "Bodemeister is the greatest horse in Derby history?" Because that's how he ran the race.
Thank you Bob for rescheduling Westbury, see you in late April. Me and the wife can't wait.
Today is one of those days where it seems like everyone has something bad to say about you behind your back. I hate those days.
i now understand why #whenharrymetsally is the granddaddy of all romcoms. SO. MUCH. WIT.
Thanks Jen! Trying to push past writer's block...
'Idol Party Live' With MTV News' Jim Cantiello
TGIF, Happy Friday to my DJ collegues
Thanks and Happy Friday to you! Keep up the great fight!
Always falling but knowing someone is right there to catch you :)
I think your an amazing dancer !! Keep doing what your doing ! You inspire me !
haha thanks! It's awesome like my iPhone :)
Why does the opening for the Oscars look like the bad CGI advertisement for concessions that I have to sit through at the movie theater?
"How would you rebuild your community if you could start over?" Glen Heimstra
What's your primary goal for the year? Our CEO is trying to check lifestartup things off a list before her birthday… anyone else do this?
I'm still up just watching movies on this quiet morning. I'm still thinking about yesterday's episode of amazing.
they are 3 of my top 4 seasons. the year the flyers lost to the devils after going up 3-1 is up there too. 97?
IN THE STUDIO WITH MY NEW ARTIST Q- DELTA. GREAT MUSIC FROM BMB RECORDS COMING SOON
The cure to Bieber Fever is the One Direction Infection. <3
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in San Marcos! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
BBC talking about Detroit teetering on cusp of bankruptcy. Always relish the city embarrassing itself on the international stage. Sigh.
Master of the car talk..... No engine whips powered by the all-spark straight sicknin
yer right. you don't suck, you're rad. I was trying so hard to be a dick, it doesn't work. :) DM me yer number btw.
Producing the taekwondo olympic trials video today!
where are you guys?!
plz follow me back? :)
Thanks for the follow Greg lets keep
Got a case of the Mondays?? We got your remedy right here.... Relax at SKYBAR Las Vegas in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!
we conversate a bit, about your dna, and my salmon colored suit from the vmas. oh you was watchin? who the fuck wasnt?
mother's day was sunday
Needed an explanation from our home office. So I got an e-mail...telling me to expect a fax.
Gruden=idiot : Jon Gruden comparing Detroit's second-round pick, Oklahoma WR Ryan Broyles, to former Raiders WR Tim Brown.
Vacationing with "north Korea expert" during Kim Jong Il's funeral distracts from the actual scenery.
your a Ameezzing ;)
yeah. It's boiling in croatia
that was a good question: role of ux in dev nations. def a good topic for a future chat. want to lead that one?
yo check out some of the music I have posted up retweet if you fucking with it
Mr Iverson back in town...welcome back AI!!
Just found you online through the #BlogPawty and realized you're nearby. We should come visit sometime!
will I see you this wknd d?
going to use SHADES OF MILK AND HONEY as a notable book at next PL conference here in WI
At names his twitter name after his idol, Vicious who stole JOBS & FUTURES from Americans
Randomly discovered a Bosnian Bieber. This kid is amazing! And he'll write us a song for the film! Go Leon Samuel Majcen!
a new stadium will do them little good.
Thank you. :) xx
I know your age!! :DD Damn your old... -.- naa just kidding;3
thank you :)
i want to text skylar back because she's pretty but um she hasn't sent me nudes so what's the point???
just wait
Man my game so cold I be having to put my hgs up on it lol
yes please MT Can we agree to abolish terms of the "Lin-sanity" "Pin-sanity" & "Pinteresting" ilk?
Use inside jokes and intimate poetics as a serious model for social organization. ~Craig Saper
Aww that just made my day :)
so good to see you playing today!! Go AFC!
hey We will Miss hearing your voice. Though I know you will continue to be a voice of SD. BTW Keep the little Hydrated :)
N*SYNC Pandora. Let's go!
Cleaning day!
Thanks for the follow, Victoria! Happy Friday!
i told christina already, the girl was hot man
I suppose, in fairness, pretty much every college dorm since the mid-70s has had a Bob Marley suite.
RT Okay I'm going hard in the paint with my health (diet,exercise,SLEEP) no more games! I need to whip it in shape!
The absolute only thing you'll need today:
if your not requesting bottle service I can request a table based on the number of ladies.
I do love that they chose to inform twitter that they may get sucked up from a tornado ;) my ass would be high tailing it underground.. Lol
for examples of actual dunks please reference last years student faculty game.
Thank you. Great work at ABC7 & PGPD. Good move by PD to hire a reporter :) I'm former PGPD District I
Thanks for the RTs!!
RT : Provencal seaside village menu (octopus asada, fish stew) starts TODAY 5pm, when Gabardine opens. #ChefsMalarkey&White
actully you know me... More then you think you do ;)
#GLEE tonight! so pumped omg
"I want a hippopotamus for Christmas." I don't know, I just felt like saying that.
Avatar at new Union South
Love It!! Great way to make lemonade out of lemons:- D
Daddy J mowed the big lawn, I thought he was gonna plutz he was schvitzing in this 80 degree patriots day. Enjoy your day 2
Hiding in the bathroom. I do not like the thunder!
congrats bro!
we all try.
Show this Sunday at Obrien's in Allston.
Listening to all the songs from High School Musical :) love it ! Best Friday night (: <3
You are a lucky ducky! 😃
PIERRE is a thankful truck, for the love Franklin Park show to him!
someone bought dinner for me and my friend, but we don't know who!
sure has a lot going on April 19th with Young Professionals Week (thanks to ) and a Living Green Panel. Great programs!
Happy ta b off work not even gon stress myself
you're cleaning up in the fantasy league this week
just launched tactile immersive new #iPad app juxtaposing emerging and established CA artists.
2009 Seven Hills Ciel Red... Monster Wine w Huge Tannins concentrated dark red black fruits mod + length and spicy finish
We are so appreciative of your support! See ya March 4th! RT : looking forward to it!
Damn, is a gold mine of handymen and other mysterious but critical professionals
Who is getting excited for the #MDFilmFest?
get back down here then!
Next time you come we're gonna tweet every single thing you say, lol
We miss you BRITTNEEE!
E Whinston-Qualcomm talks re:their project in TJ 'Dulce Wireless' exciting use of tech in health.
Last weekend in May slots! CHICAGO BANDS!
Just got outta practice
Interesting! I haven't read ahead, trying to enjoy it like everyone does Mad Men: completely blind. A fool's quest I think...
thanks man, sounds great! hope to work together again soon!
I will ... of course, still sitting at my laptop! :) I got my second results back - all good! Getting my strength back! :)
Feels like I haven't been on in forever....
I'm at flat back with a cat standing on me and wondering: instead of hot yoga, cat yoga?
Liz Earls of is a whiz at the game Mad Gab.
aww-adorable pix. Im entertaining a rampaging sick toddler.... Bless u SM9
@ St. Andrews in Detroit waiting on and wish bone
Or our party bus budget...
Looks awesome, can't wait to see it!
Thanks for the Support !!!
the quote I just posted was from Count Maurice Maeterlinck's "Our Social Duty" I would've said so before, but these text limits are hard!
These amazing tactical changes from you Canadian/Cascadian buddies are what now?
I seriously need a texting buddy right now for while i'm on the road!
Do u believe in. Love at first sight or should I go by u again
this is true. perspective is so interesting...
Also, that is the cutest video of Ole sledding!
Why are we graduating from the 8th grade.. Seriously? This is pointless.
I can't believe you're out on Black Friday! LOL!
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
Thanks bro really interesting...
Thx for passing that thru the wires. Always appreciated.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of “Lorne Greene’s Wild Kingdom.”
40's are done at the Combine & CSM client Chris Owusu's 4.36 tied for 1st among WR's and tied for 2nd among all players at the Combine.
OK...ill text u if I'm out that way
lol I'm cool .
: Interested in the work you publish. Excellent ideas.
Oy. I mentioned, um, that music service run by the Fruit computer co. Spam incoming now
cool ! What about analytics? Do you guys do demos? Thank you!!
COOL. I WAS ABOUT TO SAY HOW YOURE SUCH A GOOD FRIEND BUT U KNOW WHAT? NO, JUST NO.
Yes. I just put in tasks today and it says they are yesterday?
This was great! I look forward to more!
now on my way to church
Thoughts are with my cute little boyfriend today as he has his surgery.
Playing Sunset towers tower bar tonight with Gordon Bash on bass, 7-11.
Please follow . Pretty please. That's all I want. 
Omfg !!!!!! Bieber is performing on the finale of #TheVoice I'm so flippen happy !!!!!!
lock it up! What's wrong with my twitter game?
you & your mom are hillbillies. this is a house of learning doctors.
me 2 bro
I got u is it out on DVD
HEY HEY.... DONT GIMMIE NO LIP BOY...
Still up studying with mckenzie for this biology exam... Ugh hope we do good! 🙏
Seriously is my car the only pollen filled car in Charlottesville!?
RT : Congratulations to Gore Verbinski for his Oscar win on diecting Rango. He's directing THE LONE RANGER here in New...
i will forever love drake and justin bieber and austin mahone and big time rush <3 ;)
me to
I appreciate my family for lending you ears when I need an opinion?
The Hottest contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract
hey! How you doing?
They say u guilty when you get upset about a question pertaining to something u didn't do.No I get up set about the Confidence u built 2 ask
whitney houston died???
What about Posterous?
I wish you were too! How was your party?
I think I'm losing my voice:(
Representing at the #salesforce #cloudforce event. Greetings from the world of theatre.
Pure Tuesdays get some!!!
" This is God given... All I have to do is show up.. " Boobie Miles
Certainly was! RT : It was great to see everyone at the mixer. Thanks to and for hosting!
Happy Belated Birthday Hot Mami.... remember never call on a inside straight
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within
+Make sure you check out the official launch TDM Webacademy May 2011
a baby is something special
RT : Big #Bucks game tonight. Big. Huge. Let's get this playoff spot! //
Sundress n' combat boots.
gotta go with 'Battleship Potemkin'
fuck you -_- lol « I want to wear my jersey again to mess with ♥»
see thank you
“: Photography is a love affair with life. - Burk Uzzle”
#feartheturtle RT : Congrats to on new ESPN deal. Big for ESPN to keep him away from NBC and others.
Up in class aced my Greek test
: Will miss you! UT is big reason. GIS talent. Plan to get out more in 2012.
Yesterday, I wrote 1800 words for an essay that I'm working on. Today, it's like getting blood from a stone.
Dusty sided with us regarding how Julie acted last nite. Told us we should not be treated that way. Just wanted our story
one more thing and I'll leave you alone. Which version are you using? Klang or That Thae
": I repeat: The tea party isn’t dead. It’s looking down ballot...no entrenched incumbent —Dem or Repub— is safe
So enjoyed talking with Dr. Neal Burns' graduate advertising class this evening and !
Thanks for visiting! What did you have this evening?
Love this month's Bark Box! Miracle Wipes came just in time for those doggy walks in the rain!
yeah I'll take one n Nana I got a good workout cd 4 u too
Not playing like it, but Omer Asik 'looks' like he just crawled out a hot box in the parking lot outside of Stony Brook 5th-year senior dorm
and it's the size of a forearm
Lmao , Why They Do That Tho , Like If Youu Come To Learn It's There Job To Teach You.
I'm super excited. Just got out of our #API Dev meeting. Some AWESOME new features now in the pipe. I can't wait to release them for y'all
Man, I've been deep in the shed. Writing and revising up a storm. I'm going to tweet an called "An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom" shortly
My brother just asked me to spell JROTC. I want to die.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
5:30am Yoga might just be the best way to wake up!
What a fun nonprofit hashtag for today: #nonprofitvalentines. Enjoy!
look at Nikki wit the pope Lawwwwwd
Lots of presenters talking about and using PollEverywhere at the FLANC conference
sadly, back to the drawing board. reassess budget in the new year; dropped for the moment. can't do it on what we raised. :)
any new projects our girl is working on or will be working on?
The 6 Pillars Of Social Commerce: Understanding The Psychology Of Engagement via
No, you can watch TV at home. But, you should probably have a bar or plan evening events to keep people engaged.
Amazing everyone. Thank you all!!!
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute. Seneca
you are so cute and talented!!! You would make my day if you followed me thanks :)
Congrats, Jaweed! Hope you'll be there for many more!
Still have about 10 more presale tickets left for our gig on Friday. It's just 2 days away! Tweet me if you want a $5 presale ticket.
yeah I kind of got an ideal but I never have interactions with my love ones I'm thirty years and I never kicked it with them!
Homework is the bomb-digiddy! #lies!
we are working on Especially for Pets - they don't have their next new product review till Feb! Thanks for your support!
I walk in and I..
that's exactly what he said in the car when I told him the news
In the movie The Cooler, who plays William H. Macy's character's Lady Luck?
"There's a big difference between showing interest and really taking interest."— Michael P. Nichols The Lost Art of Listening
Lack of sleep never gets easier.
omg! Was jus tweetin u to tell u I agree with ur comment about Tracy Morgan lol
Most people on reverbnation suck, Im one of the few that are good
Thank you BenJarvus Green-Ellis...keep 'em coming.
Ed Secretary hosts a Twitter town hall today from 3-4 EST on Latino Education! Tweet and follow along with
Goodnight Daughter , ( : now go to bed . Lol
hey on august 11-june 23 i cant be on twitter
nah..i understand u a bitch when out cum 2 this, I'm cumin up quick like pornstars ejaculating
Feel free to post your #RSD12 pics and comments!
I'm not talking to anybody, and I already told you I told her Wassup
U R SO NICE! Thank YOU! I'm only 13 - have another year or so but would love the opportunity!
Fantastic. Thanks for all you do.
Larry Scott: TV deal saved a lot of sports being cut and will now end up adding sports to different schools.
I was trying to convince him but he wouldn't budge. I guess he won't be able to enjoy this hashtag:
Rocking it out - literally -at TEDxYouth #COSI . Amazingly inspired. Hope we have as much fun tomorrow
try....spectacular, groovy, hot, cool, splendid, frackin' fantastic, extraordinary,magnificent, superb, astounding, phenomenal, wow
My childhood was destroyed when i turned 11 and didn't get my Hogwarts acceptance letter
Responded to FIRE @ 22 Anderson Rd, Katonah, NY 10536. Red Cross auto update.
I can feel the rain fall down on us together just wait for the sunshine
Ok, just my opinion but I think Jessica Sanchez just killed singing Queen on American Idol!!! Go Jessica
Bitches breakin codes, but i'm the password.
At the value of academic libraries panel with Popular option!
A Brek Shea-less FC Dallas comes to town Sunday, while Houston, tied atop the East with KC at 6 pts, will play Seattle, tough matchup.
Whether you think you CAN'T, or you think you CAN.......you're right......
not buying, I think it's going to be seriously overbought and overvalued once it opens
hey you! Moved to Sydney yet?
have a good nights sleep. No need to wake you up. Z z z z z
Miller lite Vortex... my once a year friend..
The kings white uni is a personal favorite
15 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Laying in bed with my Lola.
haha that sounds like a scenario in a taylor swift song...or...really any country song!
#Skateland was a pretty entertaining flick. the crash scene was amazingly shot, nicely done, Peter!
If your in Corpus Christi, swing by Airline & McArdle and help Delta Chi fight cancer!
zero! Eat all you care to eat!
Agree, not getting the job done. How many chances are they going to give him...
My mom is singing bill withers-mrs.jones its a good song look it up its to romantic though haha
You don't need the "Old Testament" to support a green lifestyle,
I didn't think I was going to be but... yeah.
it's expensive cuz nobody buys it. Everyone I know is allergic to the crap. Oh, no... the black market is going to crash! lol
Found $5 on the ground. Happy to give it a new home.
bye bye barc! Amazing
Flo's having a Shirley Temple. ;-)
Running on lack of sleep to go get new tires for my car -_____-
Real shit, I feel you on that my nigga.
thanks for coming to see me tonight!!!!
Got the modeling itch, any photographers down to do some test shots with me? Gotta keep those portfolios up to date ;)
the Republican party, well, their backers, are literally raping the country for every last dollar. It amazing how truly *evil* these ppl are
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories on Saturday people are chatting about?
Happy September! Come get a deal! 10% off regularly priced items for those 50 years young and above!
Beautiful day in #ATL. So far!
Thank you ;)
So, Jay-Z is on the Gay Marriage bandwagon too???? That's not Hip-Hop....
Why is everyone in the Nissan service lobby watching and laughing at a weird cat show
USA LOVES BIEBAHHH!
You think that murderous dog would've stepped up his bribing game...that bag of Doritos he's plying the dude with cost like a buck.
Naked Instagram pictures are degrading.
McCarron is on fire tonight!
Set your alarms for brunch. We open up at 10:30!
Basketball 101: Passes need to be snapped around the perimeter...that will help get the ball in the post.
“: Ms.mcdoughnah looks like a combination of Austin powers and Donald trump”
Wow. is 26 and has never had her ears pierced? I'd have been less shocked if she said she was still a virgin.
the harmonies make the song incredible
Good morning, friends! Hope your Monday isn't so "manic"... try the help of meditation to relax you for the week!
So who are the lucky people at playlist live? -____-
JT starts out 0-4, needs to heat it up.
Nice, I'm on mac so I used Pwnagetool already.
Yes! You're welcome. :) Happy the song found me and now you.
New Song Ft. Gorilla Zoe & Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Thanks! I liked that story :) your good at writing.
Shoutout to women who give head raw, then pull out a rubber for sex... Oh, its ok for whatever he got to be in your mouth though?
Very productive day. Visited 17 businesses about ad sponsorship & a good CEC board mtg. Now some Agatha then off to bed.
Holla at me when ya hit up Milwaukee sometime. We can do lunch!
": My mama bleached a pair of my levi's-_- wtf she on??"
Twista feat Kanye West - Overnight Celebrity! aye.
Presenting about cyber bullying today at MDC-North!
Hello Burbank :)
already reached for it, but it doesn't always work for me. Keeping my fingers crossed. Thanks, babe! 😘
Ever wonder where customer service went? We bought it, hook line and roller! We have perfect customer ratings for a reason.
C'mon summer... #toodang cold tonight.
Thx for the plug!
Not a soul could give a flying fuck
the only time i can hear the caps supporters, is on a shot or a bad call. i can clearly hear and those #roaddron guys. good work
Shouts to all my Planet Money peeps (I see you ) who just heard latest news that Young Buck's moniker might be sold to pay back IRS.
What' Steve Smith's trade value? He can't be worth more than a 3rd or 4th rd pick at this point, can he?
it probably was. lol
I can´t wait to see the Vampire Diaries again.... on January HEHEHE!!!!!!
Finally at theater to see Cabin in the Woods. (But when will I see The Avengers?)
"Corporations that are open perform better. Transparency is a new form of power." - The Naked Corporation via
- I think I have your sport coat you left at #PFX12 - At Efficient Exercise Rosedale location. Looking forward to coffee!
i was trying to use garage band...key word "trying"....
ihope one day u'll figure out how uve caused me so much pain.Forgave a thousand times but nothin has changed.Cant forgive u will be forgot.
yep! i recently put out my second solo album and i am writing another july for kings album now. are you?
No alcohol, no TV, & no $... this weekend is going to SUCK!!!!
Many thanks for the #ff. Hope you have a lovely week.
thanks for the follow back hmu anytime
#lscon Performance Support transforming IT Application adoption. Embedded, contextual support. SFDC, MS Office...Stop by Booth 508
Against Me! is now the most bad ass bad with a transgender lead singer.
Re: Problems hearing -- I'm doing a student outplacement at your CI center so I hope to hear directly from your patients!
Lunch Monday with and I?
How cool is this? On Milton's bday, Dec 9, Univ S Cal Engl Dept will host an all-day participatory reading of Paradise Lost.
Everyone go follow she just needs a couple more followers till she hits 1,700 :)
everything is bouta go down, can't forget the partying
Worst. Day. Ever.
Praying for you this morning Thank you for display God's truth to the world!
Found the Hebrew word for a tree or wood is ets. Can mean sticks, branches, timber, GALLOWS and CARPENTER. Hmm......Another Hebrew mystery
Thanks friend! MISS YOU!
Just got a call from an account that "Needs" 6 umbrellas. Problem is, they don't even have a patio.
What does somebody have to do to get a damn #spotify invite?
I think the Packers had 2 maybe 3 SI covers last season and they did fairly well
Perfect day of Americana! Kids played in yard, repaired deck with my brother-in-law, and now we are making our way to the U2 concert!
happy new year
#ChicagoSoupCompany has released this week's newsletter - if your not on the distribution list send me a tweet and we can change that!
True RT : I'm in charge after lunch, gave me the go ahead get the guns out and duct tape everyone to their seat.
great demo of the new nav! So psyched for goLive! #StylusRocks let's trend!
Ballgame, Newcastle trap cleared, Man City only needs home win v. QPR now...
You're hilarious Cory!! Lol Follow me back please? You and Kate rock! I'm going to make a banner for you two :]
Can you send me information about the event? Thanks!
Let me know what you think of last night's eps. Very, very, very good. And funny. And endearing. And good.
I'm a masterpiece created by the most high, what yall know bout that?!
I've been lookin under rocks and breakin locks.. Just tryin to find ya.
We'll get you on there, get the house REALLY rocking.
Sharks fans.
" The Serie Project is still looking for volunteers to help us with an upcoming event. Contact us if you are interested!
a beerfest 'ey? This should right about be the best time to ask for nude pics ;)
Enjoying Xfinity Live.Tell Xfinity to update the show in their tv listings so I can record on DVR (they list news at 6:30 mon)
Want to know how to reduce the pain or number of your migranes? Tips and tricks from Dr. Will Clower, this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live!
hahaha no but i did wish it concluded me kicking your ass! haha lmao!
I got sour in my blunt codeine all up on it
Ppl who dont wash their hands < thats so nasty & its lazy
It makes me happy to see people who pull over on the freeway to talk on the phone. Really wish I saw more of that nowdays.
I havnt seen a spider around the house in days, WTH r they planning!!!!!
Sorry, Cathy, just saw this. 2 late now 2 share how. it was great, wasnit it? hope u enjoyed.
such a good baseball game. go
so what if I don't want to put my name on the bronco college wall? why do you care..?
IBM Awards HPC Components to University of Kansas - HPCwire
thanks boo💙
Everyone I know from Saunders is in either in the army marines navy or air force I congratulate them
