Hope You enjoy the program
This girl has told me before her "mom doesn't like Jewish people very much," yet I continue to babysit her because I like money. Irony.
How do you lose $6 billion in 6 weeks?
Spit shine everything.
did you just get a twitter? Lol
What? I Did I Really Did Talk 2 Da Homie.
CONSTRUCTION: Left WB lane of US 26 between Cornell and 185th will stay closed for a week. Expect delays during rush hour
home why ? Lol
: Apple just announced the LEBRON IPHONE, it only vibrates. No rings.
When I'm depressed, I cut my self.....a piece of cake :)
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. – Benjamin Disraeli
Wake up
Come on, Baby! Don't give up on us! Choose me, and I'll show you love...
yay! Re: puppy/library school done.
Good Morning! Chief Flynn expected to address personnel matters after firing four MPD officers. We're live with details at five.
Practice here I come
Everything is at least 1002% more fun when you do it wearing a bunny costume.
I don't understand why I always end up doing someone else's job.
RT : justin bieber hair sold online for 40 million online the other day how gross! And sad is that? Found that out on conan
Sometimes I forget that I'm not a princess and everything I say and do isn't right...
if you or someone you know need MAJOR Facebook Promo to 500K+ contact me [ ]
I was surfing around and saw some new songs like... "Living the Dream".. are you guys breaking up or something??!
hm. So do you wanna call me now ill dm u a number
Hey are you Japanese? Cuz I wanna get in ja-pan-ese;)
.... have you said your prayer for the day.
please follow Thanks.
Our days are numberd and we know were not getting younger but its nights like these that meake me not really care!
is there significance to the fact that walker is getting more votes than falk and barret combined?
I'm slightly aggervated
Inspiring planning session with this morning!
crappy -Literally crappy like in a plastic bag and tossed in the trash to be burned later... Sorry to gross the ladies out.
Testing live tweets before the marathon! Only 3 days, the finish lines up on Boylston!
First few flakes of #snopocalypse phase 2 beginning to fall here in S Everett.
It is Spring here in PDX right? despite snow last night!
My verse + new instro =
lol tell me how u got those abs those are new!
If you are going to try it, now is the time- over 50% off a smoking cessation hypnosis session! Check it out on crowdclick!
Congrats you guys!
I actually have no idea. I hope so. What exactly are we supposed to do?
Good, I guess he could use it to cheap shot more defenseless players.
couldn't agree more : Can't believe how great this game is! #WJC And and are making it so much better
“: After last night's times, I will be ranked 3rd in the state in the mile! 😄👍” Congratulations !
RT The only thing better than reading BLOOD, BONES & BUTTER would be reading it at Prune.
Did you know, that in the United States, about 80% of all tea consumed is iced tea?
im going to warped tour!!!!!!.....you realize the ticket is only $50 per person? :P
Ugh, yes, almost changed channel. MT Nickelback as NBC's NHL playoff theme music is bad for NBC. Bad for the NHL. Bad for America.
Working on an ad for one of my favorite lines this morning.
Exciting interview with some guests coming up next. Tip: listen for the eyesight check in interview. Funny!
Welcome to Stump Holler, my friend.
Still wanna Go out to Eat tho .
He died on that episode of , right? cc:
#STAR the joy of Jupiter is in 11th house b/c topically #traditional #astrology relates it to good expectations, increase, hopes, children
it's not over
lmao! the town would now the looneys have been let out for fun. lol
the Rompus Room. Really great!
Bored on the phone and today has been crazy saw a grenade out side and she was looking at me it was creepy
Y U NO USE COMMON SENSE?
Me, too. It's a shame that so much of the opposition has nothing to do with policy and everything to do with politics.
Great night. Great friends.
nothing waiting to hear back from upmc
Hey every1 can u pls follow my other account pls & thank u haha
God bless Greg Landig God got a good one.
Great , broke my new nail polish .
Lots of phone time with today. Lots more plans for a fantastic ride season, with plenty of
Had a great time last night at the thanks to rockstars and for hosting!
send me the link with the package
where r u guys going on your summer tour
The House! This is the worst day of my life...
When are we going to stop protecting the insurers and start protecting the insured?
Man some help would be good right about now!!
Or is it the start of a permanent change to the look of the Terrace?
I LOVE Forever and Always :)
in the big city, nothing hurts nothing hurts.
Which mortally wounded #American captain coined the term "Don't give up the Ship"? Stay tuned for the answer
oh yes. I feel guilty too. why don't more people recycle their products?
Self-concepts of black males become less tied to doing well in school by the time they reach college
4.3 for RG3? : Bovada.lv Combine Odds: Who will have a faster 40-yard dash? Robert Griffin I (-140) or Russell Wilson (Even)
Tumblr CEO says displaying ads 'complete last resort': The chief executive sat down for an interview with AdAge and revealed that put...
I forgot how much I liked The Raveonettes' "Whip It On".
haha, too cute.
Thanks for checking us out. Feedback always appreciated.
Large police line at 15th and Broadway. Flashbangs fired.
You changed the filter - didn't you, Mitchell!
I heard when you were a child your Mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you, but the Mafia wanted too much.
I am
question mark?
Did a massive amount of laundry today, which has meant I spent today dressed like a Kurt Cobain wannabe
oh, i though you meant ugh about baby !!! haha. i get it.. you meant weather!!
Foursquare check-in at your polling location tomorrow and use #LugarforCongress when you vote.
' Once heard that KC ppl are jealous then other states!
"He is so bad he burns paper with a magnifier glass at night" Wait, what?
And the #Packers select ... Nick Perry DE from USC
I hate wheen ppl ask me why im gay. -___- $eriously bitch?
new mixtape is his best yet
love that you're both back! Svu, yes!!!
- would love to meet other local Indians in the investor/entrepreneur space - just don't know of any organized efforts to connect.
I don't trust people with ponytails!!!! Lol
how's the jugs
Kiss, Shock Me
I want to see the ring!
hey, it happens to me too Java! Guess no one reads our Twitter bios, sigh..::kicks ground::
I wish I could get some real pineapples RIGHT now. =(
yeah, but he doesn't tweet. i'm not sure quintin allows him to.
thank you. Your interest in my preso was very nice. Seems like people liked it.
you're welcome Dr! I hoped one of those would work. Hopefully I've earned a follow... :)
We can't waait to see your photos!! Thanks for joining in the revelry! XO!
You guys are really good. Would you like free promotion? Email me at to get started!
Some of us get a little and some alot we gotta make due with whatever we got
Welcome to Twitter :-)
I know what you mean. That's not the one that got shot the other day...is it?
Tickets are now on sale!! Get the EARLY BIRD SPECIAL and save $15 off the ticket price before August 1st!
QT : Secret life!(omg has me addicted now...:/
Keep making music, because your music really has meaning. <3
In this way, you could connect with the local scene while giving potential customers something more interesting than just hours of operation
now im gonna actually TRY to kill myself </3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.
lol Gotta go
So amazing, to my heart
Have fun. ": Casual ten hour work day."
Refuse to go to the last two classes
Vegas. Nice! Work or play?
#howiknowyoustoleit you're selling a new "factory unlocked" iPhone "4G" for $250.
Unfortunately, we will be unable to make that time. We have a prior engagement at 4:00pm EST.
love you bethany (: ❤
Random things that deserve a tweet. Your favorite pillow, perfectly chilled, pansies, wi-fi that works and Chapstick.
Be blessed.
studies on one particular site automatically excludes those who are not on the site - and choice of site is never random
Samuel Barber concerts now over, next a choral opera based on the Zoroastrian creation story.
are you an entrepreneur in the tech world check out !great new partner program and amazing company to be employed by..ya I said it
& on SNL tonight!
I hope that #MarianoRivera is okay; we need him.
catch that, Luke, SHE is a hard worker?!!? Better her than us! Glad dinner was good-
I bought a Mac Book Pro & I never use it
I was so happy to see the anniversary edition in my mailbox today.
Try a little harder today than you did yesterday. That is all.........
I love this dark and stormy weather!!!
Who steals the bolts from a bus station bench outside of senior housing?? #c'mon
GO PACK! 1pm vs Heels. Watching at
#GOCA1420 will be open today at noon! Thank you to all who came to celebrate #Louis Cicotello & 30 Years of GOCA!
Have a safe and fun Halloween everyone.
#FF my girls and
Why do mobile version blogs always have such HUGE photos? I always have to scroll all the way down to view the web version
what's the name of that mix you got on podcast on itunes?? I wanna jam too it :)
As much as I'm trying to keep my head up, this day can't get any worse..
there's a quorum of java devs behind me
Glad ya like it out loud! RT : Listening to old Back and forth with has me laughing out loud! Not lol-ing.
Is it working again?
Long day!
#thatawkwardmoment when your hairdresser starts crying and venting to you.
Carmelo's performance is shocking. Almost Lamar like.
I hate Tysons.
just saw a real-life Bum fight!,God I love Milwaukee
Will QB #Obama be #Tebowing himself? www.brandingobamessiah.com
For #Follow Friday, follow and
Thanks for being our 700th follower! Tweet at us with any good columbus food hosting ideas / events! We'd be happy to host.
i feel like if they are below my knee I might as well wear pants
It seems kind of warped to eat over-easy eggs with roasted, shredded chicken, but it tastes too good to be wrong.
Nature Research Center opens to public
Finally legal. RT : Happy Colony Day #PhiKappaPsi IL Zeta! 21 yrs of excellence @ DePaul!
im goin balls deep!
Time for some Bebe Neuwirth and Shakespeare at one of my favorite theatres in New York, .
Hey - We had a blast playing Logo last night! 3 families, 4 teams = Tons of fun!!
i don't like it ethier just asking
": SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE ANNOYING ASS QUOTE & PARODY ACCOUNTS!!!!! you guyz r so original & shiiiit"
#WorkMom quote of the day..."See Katie...people are people...people are real!" TGIF
Wait 'til Sara Palin reads US magazine to find out her daughter is engaged!
The girl cookie is giving me the silent treatment. I am totally counting my blessings.
your store was TO DIE for. You should open a permanent one. :)
work is great! Skype whenever you are around, tonight my time?
i had cereal for lunch lol :)
Class went well. I wish I hadn't promised myself I'd finish marking bibliographies before earning my caffeine. Back to it.
sweet full tilt patch bro
no prob. Keep it up G...
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
DONT SLEEP!!.. I NEED YOU. <3
15% - wasn't that the same margin Bonamici beat Cornilles by last night?
Let's start praying now...for your stomach... o.O
did you see the nuggets d? Kobe was destroying them Game 6 is a wrap We need rest for okc
Sunday April 10: , pygmy lush, low hanging wires, and veterans at Goetz Alley in Cincinnati! for more info.
People say that they have rough mornings. Best cure: thechive.com
Chicken parm, mashed potatoes, & cookie brownies. Nonomnomnom :D
OMG SO LATE ON THE FAN VIDEO EVERYONE IN THE VIDEO THERE IS A NEW DEAD LIE!!!
Amazing. The Right exemplifies EVIL but points at everyone else to deflect from that fact. Talk about false prophets!
Buffs killing themselves with penalties....unbelievable
Me too. RT : Not a good week to have both Ray Rice and Frank Gore on your fantasy team.
please follow she followback!
I have no home phone or broadband. I'll have to move furniture in every room to check the line & avoid paying £140 callout to BT. Cr
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light & Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul. - Sant Rajinder Singh
bored. RT for a S/O..
Mike Leach to be the next head coach at Washington State. The Pac-12 is going to be loaded!
my mom passed away in 07 and i never got over it. what do i do ?
hey do you know any limo services in San Jose?
#HappyMothersDay to every mother that looks forward to seeing their children and spending time with them
Gotta love my haitian fam. Lol No radio music, they sing gospel songs during road trips. Time to pull out the headphones.
im tiyerd and i cant sleep cuz all this crazzy stuff and i have to trye to so bye goodnight and nee more falowers need at least 100
#Web2.0 Digital ICE are doing the facilitation of the training on Web2.0 applications
shoutout - « she owns the account ! go follow her &' cohs she's gorgeous !
For the record the opening credits of COME AS YOU ARE are awesome
actually a quadroooople! about to start 2 other pages for clients. it's a tough job, but somebody's gotta twit it!
YES, Aggro Crag! Guts & Legends of the Hidden Temple were fundamental Nick.
I wonder why people bash yoga for being spiritual but don't bash reading for doing the same? Everything depends on context... nd crazy gorey
A. what is the fail whale and B. your cupcake was better than any cupcake I've ever had
Haha. But how long will it last?
Hmm, the building next door to the building next door to me is on fire.
i would pay 5 bucks for that!
I knowww she wants locals... But I think we're gonna make it happen :)
New iPad(: THANK YOU MOM && DAD!!!
gotta change your pic bro! Welcome to twitter
the only reason why i know who Taylor Swift is because of mah man Kanye West.
Thank you!!! Hope you have a great day! =)
I hate when that happens.... chin up !
For more news information visit www.tncnews.com watch the video and be connected with the WORLD News
Which #Wits are you coming to?
4,534,729 individual tax returns were filed in MI in 2009 (latest figures available) 3,564,921 received a refund.
Hi Lisa! Thank you my Facebook page is Teenella's K&M Hair Accessory!
Scotch for all!
Duerson shot himself in the chest to preserve his brain for concussions studies. If Seau did the same, it's a powerful (but sad) statement.
Well at least the bases are empty now :( damn grand slam :(
When you take care of the outside you will be become better on the inside.
all I can say is..."you make my dreams come true"
The #NewYorkKnicks have beaten the Celtics, Clippers, and Hawks over the last two weeks, so I know that we can hang with good teams.
FIFA should also have replacement refs. If you make a wrong call, your tourney is over. No chance for another fuckup.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
RT : "Success is just a process".
truly hope next season finds people who don't feel entitled like #BL13. Lost my desire to watch, but want it back!
Thanks for the follow and like your dailyaudition site! very cool :)
So much so that I don't even want shit to do with y'all on a personal or musical level. This shit is so sad.
Common mistake. Hope you are doing well suit. Maybe we should hang out more than once every other year.
you make me giggle constantly. I love the people on the couch watching the sunset. So sweet.
...one of my favorite movies, in fact it reminds me of myself. got a message to deliver, long journey!
Sad observation. Seems true of life, not just DevLearn. We'd love to talk to you in person. We're in booth 418.
.: modeling can include rules for assembly; also bricolage, inventive use things intended for another purpose
A DREAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......
Buffett's in town? Fins to the left!
Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that needs some fundraising help? Let us know...we are here to help!
Hey everyone, follow he plays Rock Bass in and he rules!
A bag of money is all I see": Ill never change, this is always me"
roses are red, violets are blue. faces like your's belong in the zoo, don't be mad i'll be there too; not in the cage, but waving at you. :)
only 151 miles from columbus!
Thanking God for another day.
we should hang out ;)
Went to see Avengers as a band! Successful outing if I do say so myself.
The next person to ask me why I'm wearing "Flyers Orange" is gonna get a pencil up their ass.
Bucks are losing by 9 to the might Charlotte Bobcats.
I will be on my porch lol
Thank you Anthony! Congrats U 2 in June :) It just gets gooder & gooder each year
"There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting." - John Kenneth Galbraith
Happy birthday your a great mother and hope u have a wonderful day
"Then I make assistant manager....and that's when the big bucks start coming in."
I haven't seen since last summer I really miss him though but I only saw him tide past in the car :(
dont tell kds 'they cn dream & be anythng they wnt 2 b"..It is a difclt wrld ..don't complicate their futre life with false dreams of today.
MARRIED BITCHES GET CHEATED ON TOO!!
I'm missing live. Bo. :(
I need more followers
why did you try to run into that moped on the way home?
Where has that got them the past couple years over these young gunners?
Today we're playing- WOULD YOU RATHER: Eat 1 pound of our famous Big Bill’s Buffalo Hot Wings or 1 pound of our Classic Potato Skins ??
Check out the inspiration and final work by Ellie Siskind, one of the artists at Gallery 924 ://instagr.am/p/HrkIacr2i4/
how come you were icing your knee a couple of days ago?!
happy belated valentine's day. was in the air traveling.
We need to get Teague a pair Velcro gloves to ball in. Our boi is always losing the ball.
it's like 35 on ticketmaster
RT : The #tumblresque is powered by the energy of Martin Heidegger turning over in his grave.
Yes the parking gods are loving me! Found a spot on the first pass only a block or so from
Heard thru the grapevine that is catering #TXScotRiteAccessLux! Hope they serve the Bistro 31beet salad.
things arent always what they seem. words dont always mean what you think. it is better to ask and learn than assume and never know
To know means to record in one's memory; but to understand means to blend with the thing and to assimilate it oneself.
Now THESE are the Celtics!!!!!!!!!!
Or fizzle like a dud...
- just saw this now - hang in there, friend. Let me know if I can help at all.
you are welcome :) <3
we don't expect a data update any time soon but we will def tweet it out when it happens! thanks so much for your interest.
just bored chillin
ok really, what happened to Rosie???
see, and I thought you were saying you missed me :(
Thank you #SusanKim4 for the heads up!
No penalty there on Brown, during a scoring chance, but "faked" goalie contact they make a call? Hot garbage...
Whew! 'Made it. I love Integrity Auto in #Carmel...and not just bc they were flexible about my drop-off time today.
Any news on your cousin?
Waking up really early when you don't even have school. Kill me now.
Good to meet you too. Thank you!!!
BCA is LOUD tonight! Let's get it going!
Enjoy sky diving buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
love you jasmine! :)
#IWantBTRAutograph WE RUSHERS GO HARD ON TWEETING!! Really hope you see my tweets & pick me :)
My abs hurt bad!!!!
I've never flew over the Bermuda triangle, always wanted to; but death wish isn't exactly on my top 10 at the moment. Maybe next week.
Heading home after a good day at work. I wish I had a helicopter to speed up the hour plus drive home.
Ok I don't really watch much tv but I just saw this commercial... Did Clay really put on some depends?!?! lol
“Evolving Mental Models” Daniel Eizans,
WINTER BREAKDOWN 2011 PRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW! Only $10 Dec 11 @ The Epicentre in Mira Mesa, CA hit us up for tix! AIR set time 5:20pm
Hope those sirens arent for me. Doubt it.
So my day has sucked immensely alreeady. An hour of sleep plus a coffee spill while driving plus being cut off multiple times is just. No.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Becoming north after midnight.
awesome. I will refrain from asking too many questions.
It made me do the DTST. That funny.
#childhoodmemories When being mean to a girl meant you liked them, now it just means you're being a douche
Watching little kids splashing in the fountain at ABQ Uptown!
Don't you wish your computer just maintained itself? It almost can if you take measures to be sure it's protected! ^jl
Follow me if you ever have danced in your life time. 
U guys got to realize that there is always an idiot whose gonna tell a genius not to do what makes him a genius
Grabner with a good shot but Bryzgalov has a fast glove tonight.
I need a drink, or two... or twelve
OH (): they had too many giraffeses...and now you have a dead giraffeses
Every night I DJ there is R&B night. Normally i'm there friday & saturday every week. At Sunset this saturday tough!!
well Derrick is passed out. So I'm just sitting here.
Tonight: does San Diego need/want a county arts council. East County forum at 6 at El Cajon Public Library
Ever notice that the word "bed" looks like an actuall bed? Or how "lol" looks like some guy drowning? Omgee
Hope everyone is having a great rainy Sunday!
When was the first time you see ?
Big Time Rush - Elevate: via This is a great song!
That awkward moment when you're texting someone and you have to use the dictionary app to look up the meaning of a word he/she said 😒
Miami beach is full of crazy ass homeless people.
Today I am thankful for escaping the stifling power that controlled me from reaching full potential & realizing the greatness in me
LOVE the blue sky in the weather pic!!! but, get ready late tonight= windy and rainy through about 9am!
I agree,as a Catholic I wanted Santorum...
how your numbers looking for chicago j's on the 21
When I think #Kuwait, I think #fashion. Specifically
Heading to a screening and Q&A for . One of the only good excuses for missing out on Walking Dead!!!
I swear there's something wrong with Vegas girls all trying to be models, no gtfo.
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring theirs hearts out to the wrong guy.
Haha I'll take her for the summer ;)
i know this is early but gongrats to my cousin very special next year :D
certainly hope so! Need more of that flavor back in the Cities! Enjoy the rest of your tour :)
I am exhausted
Then it's on to awesome features such as the ones you mentioned :)
Don't say that! You're amazing so many people love and support you!! I'm sorry you have to go through this.. :l
There are two doubly #landlocked nations in the world (must travel through 2 countries to reach the ocean): Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan.
Anytime Remember The Titans is on I feel obligated to watch it
Shrik got ear infection in both ears and Tyzik got rash. Both waking me up at 4am. Grrrrrr!
Ok now I`m about to get angry!
you pickin up that tab? cause one stripper is still pretty expensive.. i think. When you gettin home T
Wat to do for the holiday ....any suggestions
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics
Still on cloud 9!!!
Round 2 just me and you
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
Single is the WAY to be..... fuck that am MY own BoSS.!!!
I finish the edits, I drink the cold beer and eat the fried chicken, edits make you humble like but in a good way
Totally sold-out show for #thepromisering (turnerhall)
give today the best try you have...
don't be ashamed of who you are ever. You are one of the coolest people I've met!
They're not playing like they want it. Sigh.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!!!
god damnit we are in shambles right now!
I hav a mini headache
lol hell yea can't wait
Everyone u meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves u enought to help u unpack
RT Nissan Leaf’s Strangely Moving Polar Bear Ad su.pr/7aXz0l
Everyone follow she's cool && I love her to death<3
Another basic bitch famous for nothing, wave to Kim Kardashian for us
“: "fantastic Mac n spuds as always! Great time at food truck rally. Quick ride then off to a wedding.” Thanks!!!
im going to have thee best garden ever this summer!!
Kobe is the best man in my fantasy basketball team. Who's yours?
Happy Week of the Young Child!
Bitch you pretty!
Grind mode I'm do focused
Q6. What are your travel 'superstitions'?
Had to check with husband because he still reads it every day.
good job (: RT I GOT 1st TEAM ALL DISTRICT FOR SOFTBALL ♥”
Damn haven't been on twitter for a long time...
Thanks, a little late tonight, but always interested in supporting
surely it was the reporters haha....I had to give up on that one
I am so sleepy.
It's yours. I'll DM you.
I can't argue that and I love RG3 in fantasyland this year but Cousins could see time to w/RG3's running style.
I looooooooveeeee boyfriend omg i love everypart
I eat wayy too much mac and cheese
My mama picking at her boyfriend..Bol ! She laugh so funny!
Deaconess opens its doors again for beleaguered nursing home residents
thanks for the #FF!!! Right back at ya :)
(c) every1 else, being rude towards the show and just saying nasty things that were uncalled for. I get ur excited to see Justin but (c)
“: Happy birthday!”thank you very much Ramona you ROCK!!!
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Im so tired but yet i cant seem to get to sleep thanks twitter.
Minneapolis friends! Hit Entry tonight to hear ... Don't pass this up.
missed it...any BAM highlights?
Super excited to see next week at aiga! Amazing #infographics !
Vegas in 9 more days cant wait!
RT Q2 PSTD is focusing on what happened, recurrence fear is being unable 2 think of a future without cancer. & that sucks.
Yep for sure!
Peanut butter m&ms: man's greatest creation.
Now, with all the Harry-for-England hubbub hushed, Spurs might manage to win a few again. That would be lovely.
Welcome to the congregation Tony Rodriguez! We're glad to have you here!
hey, 5:30-7:30. we're at the center for social action at 2 to see the Nucleos play for us. so amazing.
Saw Dark Shadows last night... Not terrible... But a bottom 3 Tim Burton film.
al me
do you refer people to specific caterers in the area? We'd love to connect!
this school year is getting so old..summer needs to be here already.
All Muslims are forbidden to watch television in Afghanistan
Let's give them something to talk about 🎵🎵🎵🎵
I'm just saying stupid shit tonight!! Lol
nah! I bet you could do it ! :) im studying be special education teachers aide i hate that i have take public speaking lol
You look like a Ryan
happy mothers day,i love you momma
I went to sleep merp ! Lol
Did you hear that they're releasing an expanded version, with customization, etc.?
Athletes everywhere, what is the one thing holding you back from being the complete athlete you want to be?
Smhh My Baby Class Just Turned Into A Cooking Class:'( Ima Fail!
I know it will be a great day when I get to show students a lock of Frederick Douglass's hair! And other cool stuff too!
Thanks for the follow! It's always good to know some peeps in the industry!
Finally, A Night Out $99: body shimmer, basic instinct, sensations playful lubricant, hanky panky wireless bullet ...www.prbymeka.com
Vikings pick Kalil
I'm sorry, what was your score again? I seem to recall the 8th hole giving you some trouble
Who's got it? (Betancourt)
better than 's wandering eye, i suppose
I've learned that if you care, it shows.
knows what really went down. is lost
I'm changing my profile pic!
IT LITERALLY JUST HIT ME! AND IDK WHERE MY PARENTS ARE.
#cpi2011 summary - wonderful, invigorating, motivating week with the best instructor around. See you in the community.
Bombers Madison! I haven't been on, field trip since 2004.
you're a sexy beast and i love you. that's why. :)
I don't know anything about media that is social...
Cool! RT : Still looking for a few ppl to be racing sausages (wear costume) THIS Sat. morning
you met ?
I LOVE your song P. Diddy - "I'm coming home". Miss you Barcelona!
At the end of the work week I don't have a single original thought in my head. Thankfully, there are RTs.
Ah that ending of wtm -- sniff, sniff.
Rollerblading would be perfect right about now.
Thank you ladies :)
Thanks for stopping by! Did you wreak havoc?! RT I'm at Southport Lanes & Billiards
Thanks for the RT!
I hope u are right...not a rams fan, but a city of st Louis fan and want to see them succeed like my (our) cardinals
We should walk around warming up on our reeds like that, too. I doubt it'd make the brass players stop, but at least we'd be even
That's a great friend!
i'm having trouble deciding what i hate most about this show, and why i keep on watching.
This! -> “: The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.”
The only time i eat meat is if its mexican food. Im like i just couldnt live without mexican food!! <3
I am the american dream. i'm kinda like a immigrant. I have no education and can hardly speak english.
oh shit. It means you have no future! You'd best not go outside anymore...might get hit by a bus.
Stupid people think I'm judgmental.
mine was good until about 30 min ago. Maybe the world is just telling me to catch up on some sleep.
Please follow our documentary - currently shooting!
I be on voxer voxing u and no reply I gave up
Two words that sum up nicely what's wrong with the music business today: Kesha, Bieber. God help us! We get what we collectively deserve.
Off to play cocktails in morrisonville but sadly...its home from there...still more shows but we won't be on the road #upset :'(
people dont know what they dont know
-- Topic block.
Rah rah, like a dungeon dragon!
mwahaha im gonna get to 8000 i know it
Overheard 2 capitol police discussing employment and the influence of China on the way in this morning.
I would suggest adding #Soccer to your portfolio as it is a steady income producer,people on my list our making $ with it
I want to go - want to meet
haha hey you! And fosho! It's damn intense!
They're the bane of composers' assistants everywhere, I can tell you from experience. /
you're just a jungle monkey ;)
Ever been the awkward guy that asked someone to get off the elevator because of an overload?
surprisingly, my own :-) check me out lol big boy status now haha
Way too cold I promise you'll need some Theraflu !
#oomf just tweeted the exact same lyrics I was gonna tweet.
So pissed. My pre-historic laptop blue screened on me. SGHDKSDKJFDHSJDFD.
Lack of media attention on Nevada proves media really only cares about a fight. The process/outcome bores them more than the slugging.
yea so wht r u listening to?
"for all we know Jesus was trying to win the loaves and fishes account" ....
I have found life an enjoyable, fascinating, active, and sometime frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it fully.
When I go to shows I don't #Rage. It sounds really stressful.
I'm right there too. fml.
bring it!
I'll do no such thing. And yes, commence with the crying.
Heading out to the National Portrait Gallery today, faces faces faces!
six months. <3
"Full speed ahead and damn the cost, it will all come out in the wash"
For those of you in #mdst3703, you can change your page structure links to permalinks by going to: dashboard/settings/permalinks
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
it's insane we don't already
just jammed out two new tracks...
I realized I sent you my response from this account, what I wanted you to see is - been making it my whole life...
Is there some news piece or blog post in particular that lays out the gov'ts procedural problems? Very interested in this. Thx
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
you're holding your dictionary upside down!
looks like a werewolf. just saying.
On break 5 more hours to go
Is that a Millenium Falcon I see?
Holy fuck the #Tigers smoked the
RT : Who should make up the next board at #madisonsmc? Get to know the candidates at Wandos 6-8 pm #meet&greet....
Filthy Mcnastys This TUESDAY! Ryan tharp & Rachel t. stacy will be hosting UNPLUGGED w/Matt Day Ronnie Spears & Whitney Raquel!
losing all my belly button ring balls.. 😡
speaking of "blasts", Manny Parra just entered the game......
monday night football go ravens
I want some McDonalds
I smile and say hey like he never did it. Man this aint easy
I think its super cute how has quotes about girls ;) what a gentleman <3
POTUS at Barnard: "Don't just get involved. Fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for your seat at the head of the table."
really cute pic :)
want to goto the vending machine but dont feel like speaking to anyone...need a secretary to get me seltzer waters -_-
Don't judge my path if you haven't walked my journey.
Responded to VACATE @ 180-07 90 Ave, Queens, NY 11423 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Great news!!! RT Jim Owczarski is unanimous new City Clerk
Yep is gonna rock
yeh! That's what we like to see EJ and Dylan Kelly at the helm in Venice studio!
Haha, Justin wants to be a young father . Doubt if he has a child by Gomez.
text me whore
My wife says she'll take our #homeschool kids to their morning activity, so the 2hrs marking I planned for tonite can wait.
#FF #thx4following - have a green #weekend!
Kudos to the professional, calm, and level headed staff at the during the #dcquake. Thanks for the great service!
Love ordering a "large" coffee at Starbucks.
Who is this Snookie person. I hear people saying how she is famous for being stupid. I'm not mad at her. In this economy whatever it takes.
Y'know, I was one of those who missed on reading that she was black, but I liked the character *better* when I saw the casting..
Soups of the day: tortellini brodo, Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, Corn Chowder, Beef Barley, Minestrone!!!
At The Publican with old friends. I like hanging with 80 year olds..
Day 2 no dairy & Day 1 no wine (until the wedding on Saturday, that is). Mostly I miss milk in my coffee. cc
Running around for the twins birthday
How about some tweets? : )
There's a mouse in my house.  Commence listening to my mom freak and locking myself in my room!
Life's a b*tch but I appreciate her man
Thank you! Have a great week.
were watching a bunch of MST 3000!
Beware of the man who does not drink. ~Anonymous
oh never know that lmaoooo
I take out my ipod to take a picture w/ pito, but when I turn around that nigga is knocked out on the chairs..
tks Our Milwaukee!
Bored in physical science, downloading apps on my phone. :)
First day of cadet teaching!! #soexcited 🍎📝📖👍
thank you for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday.
He in love with her but she love everybody
hahahaha! Exactly! "You wouldn't want to use it anyway, it always puts 6 r's"
follow me n 7
Maybe Obama can come to his rescue.RT : Ga. death row inmate's appeal rejected:
I most definitely do not want to go to school today.
#PRIME2012 As we approach Mothers/GrandMothers Day 2012 I would like to say Thank You to my single mom and all the single moms in the world
Law librarians: take note of Ari Kaplan's wisdom: marketing does not have to be the one perfect thing; keep it simple!
Search 'Say Somethin by Austin Mahone' on YouTube and multiple ones should come up. (:
beczuse it has too many problems and i dont drive it, and i wont need it after september
Time to punch the clock
good man I'm out in California right now having a blast snowboarding
Awesome. Thx for sharing.
MY LOVE!!!! I'm back on twitter! MISS YOU!
My boyfriend makes me so happy..
FINAL 82 #CLIPPERS 72 #Grizzlies #CLIPPERS ADVANCE to Round 2.. Game 1 in San Antonio on Tuesday!! WHO HOOOOOO
The Dangers of Fluoride &amp; Water Fluoridation | Alberta Province ...
"I realized that my human body, my human life, was arbitrary. I could have been a dog"—from Louise Erdrich's new story, in the NYer Monday.
omw home from work. Stuck in traffic...these people can't drive.
Penny Hardaway's ghost.
good afternoon to our #TwinCities sisters! cc. !
awesome! I've been following them on FB. South Lamar is on fire now!
#ReasonsThatImSingle the pimp game doesn't allow for serious relationships
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn thou not away.
I can't stand boring texters .
Who the heck is excited for ?!?! AP's #1 unsigned band for 2010 is going to be at #Kylestock!!!
Are you going to make it to Austin?
[Campus Bulletin] If any professors gave assignments due tonight on Gameday, please report them so we can give them bonuses.
"expanding SLAs" and "shrinking budgets", no?
To work or not to work? That is the question (the answer is I'm going to go to work, I think)
ah, those were the days :-) hope you are well!
lying in my bed bored b/c i can't fall asleep..... :/
Psn is down today:(
Ready to work RIT/ST. Lawrence on TWCS
Everyone on twitter please pray for me right now. No joke. #feelawful I cant move without feeling sick.
no u dont
what if people work at a doggie day care & bakery? PARADOX.
are you ready for idol on Wednesday? I'm SO excited to hear you sing and see your beautiful face. :)
true , im bored yo
haha true true , awesome :)
Just walked into McDonald's and a bunch of fat girls gave me a look like I just entered their territory.
shutup stop complaining
interesting, I would have imagined the problem being global. It's important to learn about your audiences bt enough is enough
RT : says to #2012GES: "We have 2 million high-skill, high-wage jobs to fill &we can't. We have a skills crisis."
I have a question.
I'm really happy for you Julian!!! You have worked so hard you deserve it!! :)
I keep forgettin i gotta get up in da morning
i guess im sick :/
Need to lose weight? Don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
Break glass for emergency breakfast sammich.
It's a reggae day for me. Bob Marley-man, and so many others. #reggae #Bob Marley
RT if you saw 13 the musical just becuz plays in it.
Passing my future college.! I just can't wait.! #SCADbaby.!!
Remember when the Heat were the "Road Warriors?"
Happy Hour at Wando's Bar in Madison! 50% Off drinks (and food) only through www.dealoria.com.
I got a new phone and I had a new number for a little while so I don't have any texts that aren't from today
If you don't want to talk, say so instead of ignoring me.
“: The eastern league would not allow Hawk to play despite Sherman White being allowed
i hope the scalpers step on legos.
Two presentations and I'm spent. Being an introvert is exhausting some days...
. Are you guys planning on running Norwegian Wood? Would love to see it!
How to Get Your Kids Excited About Summer Hiking: Mother’s Perspective
even better dance recital at G-town middle school!
thx for liking my tweet! Hope you enjoyed the show!
You know when you go to sneeze and your body stops itself because your abs hurt from your workout the day before? Yeah, that just happened.
Q. What's the biggest fish in the world? A. A hore, if you catch one you can eat her for months.
Good morning, gf! What about some LASIK?
waiting for this vehicle, I need it so bad to help other people.
you'll love it. There's more to Vegas than just the strip.
Usually bad.
To my health care followers: Getting creative thinking of ways to improve internal physician communication. Love brainstorming. Thoughts?
Capitol South in particular - just tracking the shell domain / organization name to the source would be an interesting story
No matter your plans today - date or solo - make sure you go through with them nude and sobbing
I hate it when the oriole store runs out of chocolate chip cookies
Yeah I'll ask for you!!
Robert Glasper Experiment just discovered new planets in DC
Cody Ransom lookin to take over 3rd full time
coming back to tweet more!
doing a history of may day and why we protest then the march
Just because she has a "nice " body doesn't mean she's pretty lmfao!
For others, they transgressed the law. Gotta accept full responsibility to move forward.
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
i love spotify
Teeth Whitening Special! Zoom 2 People for $400!!! Call for an appointment today!
Celebrated my sis's birthday and came home to help mom make dinner.
Ass-kissers
~<3 Prayers are words your heart cannot speak. <3~
Take risks, live life, and bask in the warm light of a loving universe.
I know man that sucks ass so much :/
your right wix doesn't count.. Unless you paid for it.
Thank you for inviting me tonight to sing at your house concert. Great time!!
Denzel Washington is the zip tie master.
I'm playing it now and so far its a good time. How bad could the ending be to retroactively destroy all this fun?
rails console --sandbox will roll back any database changes you make within the console
We have gluten free crust as an option - but not gluten free cheese. What time were you planning on ordering?
anyway what time in there? :)
#BlackParentsQuotes: "Josh's mom lets us..." "sounds like you don't want to go to that white boy's house no more" (yes, real and exact)
I hate jealousy. Its an evil thing. :/
"Kill the Irishman" was a sweet film, especially for us Ohio thugs. Watch it. Now.
Days off are nice.
we are all above average at that....
People love to play word games STOP YOUR SHIT !!!!! AT ONCE
Have you created your own pizza or do you always get one of our signature pizzas? What is your favorite ingredient to add to your pizza?
Ah, I finally made it to Starbucks!!!!
Which one is ?
When your mom ask you what swag means...smh
that would be fun But I think it would be more fun whenever were with our class.let's look up how much it cost 2 rent a cabin
Thanks! I bet it will be great fun. I hope my ornaments don't all look like eggplants. :-)
Lucy Laney Wildcats, great game #warriors.#Augusta#Georgia all day.
And if you need multiple copies of the study guide, please contact us and we can mail copies: holocaustremembrance at un dot org
Calling all Colts Fans- We are giving away 4 tickets to the Colts/Packers pre-season game tonight! Come watch Colts/Rams with us tonight!
Yes! great presentation and great audience! I appreciated your answer about embracing a multiplicity of gender presentations...
yes we did!
Hiding in my office for the rest of the afternoon. I'd rather be outside drinking a cocktail.
Mele Kalikimaka from Palms at Wailea 1510. We hope you have a wonderful year.
Understand the difference between average and median. Know what you want to ask for or get the numbers yourself.
Love me , ♥ like you love her .
If you are a prophet or prophetess message me. I have some questions about this calling.
As a dj i like to check out other spots(venues) frm time to time to see wht keeps them going.......
I think Barley House
Who enjoys YouTube
Determined!! I am working out today!! I need to tone up!
omg i been so busy i havent had the time to say hello to all of my wonderful twitter friends..how are you guys.
Ah the hidden beauty of analytics.
Does she have a cape?
": "I Love You" takes 3 seconds to say, hours to explain but a lifetime to prove."
Totally agree. I did not like Young Adult at ALL! MT I watched the movie Young Adult last night...it was depressing
Lucky!! I just don't like my English teacher tho..
said sex smells like sweaty balls and blood .... 0.O ew
"She's a down right pro-ho fosho"
Can you say you are responsible for the important decisions in your life?
where'd you get that?
Just discovered that there is no #TEDX for Chautauqua. Who would like to work with me to develop such a program?
I put smiles
beat it with that
6 more weeks of this? bring it on ,who believes a woodchuck anyway
46 Minutes ago,was the best time ever..you actually wrote me bakk<33 please follow me. -Marisel<3
the things you find in your garage >>
Damn, Richter! How dare you ignore the wishes of someone as important as Smitty! You're playing with fire!!
Shower and then dinner. Then watching #RHOC. I miss my Baby Love
thinking about personality profile tests. B had to take one for working at the UN. Maybe there should be one for academic administrators.
servers down. Does not make any request
This birthday money has to go! Time to have a little fun :)
Egg rolls are pretty sexy....
that shouldn't be too bad, unless he doesn't have any #rollgame (roll as in drum roll)
Long white sheets and a funny lookin hat singing: Songs, song of the south....whoopin' nigger ass and burn his house.
If you haven't played with the interactive guitar on the Google homepage, do it now! Hours of entertainment!
Add a bathroom to your master bedroom. Plus adding a Master Bath in your home would also help boost the #realestate value of your home.
. is evaluating the presenter...he hasn't evaluated me in years
i dont even have a copy of that
OpenStudy is leveraging this right now RT : Most under-utilized asset in learning is other learners - how do we shift the ec…
That was amazing.
That would be fun!
Darren says "Weather will be perfect for Cinco de Mayo, Race for the Cure & viewing of the Supermoon. 11pm
you can only imagine how it tastes. Sorry for the delayed response
Yet 30-40% of college basketball analysis today seems to be focused on analyzing NBA potential. Silly.
Hah! They probably just used shots of downtown from 1993.
mini GalaXy TaB
Feel like getting into "Double Trouble" with an "Old Heathen", you "Arrogant Bastard"? Pens game and open mic nite at The BeerHive!
mad at myself for not knowing that Owen released a new album last fall, it's really good
Well done, Stu.
Today is the first day of the Moreland Farmers Market! We'll be there will be selling Brew Dr. Kombucha by the bottle from 3:30 to 7:30.
Say Miss Marian Stewart, you just keep those $5.50 stockings because they are the most expensive stockings in the City of New York. [1944]
Omg - #dwts was so fun! Thanks ! So far, it's been my favorite sporting event of the year.
Andy Pettitte how can we miss you when you won't leave?
Hoping Tito retires tonight - with a loss.
Nicki Minaj may be fake, but my boner is real.
Is it me or does Roy Hibbert look like an old school pimp?
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Happy Monday Morning!!!!!!!!!!!! How are you?
I may need to cab it home from yoga. Wow.
#4 LSU fans chanting, "O-ver-ra-ted!" at #3 Oregon. Yes, overrated...by one.
I helped someone send out 100 holiday cards in about an hour. We typed it and the company printed it and mailed it for us. Smart!
"happy go lucky" : suburbia?
yep, them old niggas DONE
follow me here
Casting notice for the role of Jess just posted on mandy.com says "Caucasian, All-American, Blonde Actress". First submission: An Asian guy!
Of the receipts Davis turned in....you will be shocked to learn how much is for alcohol. Wow. Story today at 4:30 and 6.
Prayer warriors, I need prayer. Unfortunately I can't release the info on why, but please pray for victory in my situation. Thnx!
It really is! My oldest used to do about the same.
so true.
On my way to the doctor to check on the lil one
That awkward moment when your grandma says 'Fo Sho'
b/c they no longer care about sic-fi fans, only SyFy fans, e.g. people that think giant killer crocodile movies are awesome.
is the video up yet??
Free shrimp fondue at Ruby Tuesdays!!! Who hoo!
hey :) follow back pretty please :))))
one thing is certain: you can always count on to give a negative critique. for anything.
Put differently, Torres just paid a half-milliion dollar a**hole tax. (25 games @ 21K per game)
i love you andy :) get better soon!! batman is proud of you bro ;) lol you rock <3
what's your Facebook
We have over 300 people registered for our success summit this weekend! Yahoo!!
thanks, Jack! Cheers.
Thank you for following
lol it looked like Charles Manson brought his family up there.
Our weekend is pretty packed already (remember, both Saturday and Sunday plans). Alas.
#jschoolrightnow is everything I imagined. Amazing
in the #platinumsuite lounge playin the ps3. ive never been to a more enjoyable and relaxing environment than and
would think the jury is still out on Freeman.
FREE so I can go to sleep
Exactly! I need to make one of those sleep machines but instead of tides rolling in, it's him reading dialogue.
Thanks for joining us. just ordered one. Looking forward to the flood gates of data!
When vultures fly, are they allowed carrion luggage?
what is a good email address to contact you at?
hey - you're funny!
I just want u to love me.
im so sleepy smh
yes go pats fuck dallas
America... Fuck yeah!!
How took my phone and locked his self in the bathroom and tried to look through my phone lol
DESIGN you want to have a desk that feels comfortable for both users and staff
I expect to see the I VOLUNTEER!!!oneoneone gif approximately 3059782305 times.
Females do the MOST ova a niqqa , thats crazy even when the niqqa clearly dont qive no fuck bout they ass ! lbdas . .
What did you think of Train's performance on DWTS tonight?
At home with 3 of my grandchildren
Your website just scared my students! NSFW! LOL!! I shouldn't have clicked on it. But hilarious! Love it!
Hi there - hey thanks for the follow!
Nope. Big Isthmus group attending, but I'm going into the woods that week. You?
Looking forward to this. RT Stay tuned for a smattering of excellence over the next few days and into next week. Seriously.
braves one doesn't work forgot about Hank Aaron,.duh! Great question though
Well I don't know about accurate....
Follow me! >:P
DJ Griggs (Brazosport HS) has committed to Long Island. He becomes Houston's 26th senior to select an out of state D1 college.
Today = Dress Fest and Manhattan College
lawn mowers are stupid and I dont respect them
so best friend, how are you ? I'm coming to visit you soon, hopefully. I lovee you
trying to go through breaking bad. In season 2. Anyone that says this is better than The Wire is crazy and not to be trusted
I don't really do much on easter weekend expect open up a bible. Nothing like knowing than not knowing.
“: RT! “: So when do the shirts start coming off??? #TheBachelorette” #undercoverFREAK” that tag tho lmfao!!!
Happy Mother's Day
Dumb raps and my lungs is black
Class is talking about love and love
Going to temple on the North Shore tonight to witness new Jew 's first Shabbat.
I lit a match, and as I did so, two white forms that had been approaching Weena dashed hastily away
Screw you Mr. Off-brand Kraft Mac&Cheese!!!
Hey Mr. Stout! How's life? How did the Hinckley Institute SF thing end up?
Chad, go to the Chicago Bears. They NEED you! You'd excel.
escort service hiring
As you embark on this semester's final day of exams, know that we believe in you, you've got this #Loyno!
Random Former Wrestler of the Day: The Mountie
I love being out late, reminds me of summer <3
Hope everyone had an AMAZING Easter weekend! Team Ten Media didn't take any time off, too much work to accomplish.
Chillin with some ice cream :)
Woot Woot! Thats awesome, you'll be sexy by summer! Tweet us when you need motivation.
Let them know also that the homie project is dropping 6 days before mine. #TMZ I'm hustling to find the right joint for us too.
NO! MY NOSE IS GETTING STUFFY AGAIN! NO!! Fml
Just live-tweeted a call w/ U.S. Department of Agriculture's James Barham on #foodhubs. Search #KYF2 on Twitter for highlights.
": Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end, what you get is so much better than what you wanted." <3
so happy won best group at kca's, congrats boyss and :) <3
fear no one
Do you still have your shotgun? Because there are some Jonas Brothers at my door step :P
I'm done looking for love ima just let it find me but could it be in my face and not know it
IF YOU SEXY ADD ME !
RED ROBIN!!!!
thank you for the intro! Jose is great! And punta Mita is amazing! See u in class soon! Xoxo
and I watched 1st 2 seasons of newlyweds intensively. that is why I know u r lovin the cinci win. congrats.
LOL! for me it might be pout pout if this game keeps going south!
we don't remember the days we remember the moments!
RT 6 years after reform, 99.8% of #MA #kids are insured says Lets make the #ACA just as big a win!
have fun first loool then find a job 😜
loved the conv. w/ur mom & brother today!
Is everybody here getting hacked and spammed? Or, perhaps you are all losing your minds?
If I were Catholic, I'd have to go to confession after slurping down Honey Butter Cake.
It was great seeing you, too. I really enjoyed the panel!
Not 1 piece of legislation, no rhetoric, no party bickering, no stimulus money and not one taxpayer dollar and I am creating JOBS, JOBS,JOBS
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something bad happens.
Karma is a #Bitch, and Terrica can b. So, don't try me. Don't let the #SweetFace fool ya....
homeworkk #done :D
[closes curtains]
thank u cousin
Just gotta get thru this test tomorrow, 5 more classes, then finals. akhdkjgojkld! I HATE HISTORY!!!!!!
that can be said on any given day.
Clodagh! Do you like The Eagles like ? Take It Easy is the best! Its a hit in Dallas :)
Im glad that you and Corrine are okay!l
Lmaoo kiss my ass
what's wrong Jayde? :(
i am a new fan too and think we match up better with Detroit
Wine an red bull hmmmmweBKorkwe
Thunder today. Get to see the man who's loins cum creativity. Then walk the river with Devin and Star Command. Ready :3
One day my shins will love me again
Thanksgiving is coming.
Excited to be participating in #THATCampVA in April! Looking forward to discussing text and image visualizations...
That's an amazing dream, haha...
Dreamed an amazing horror movie featuring a giant office building in the mid east filled with terrorist zombies. Starring
Dealing with people gets old after awhile
I'll ship some with dry ice, but I think you need his soup not his falafel!! :)
Shit is there anyone awake yet?
I want some different stuff...some Ballys....Tom Fords....Bulgari....something different ya know
Do i what?
This. RT : I don't know what Socialcam is or why it's all over my Facebook feed, but I hate it.
I'm so tierd it's not even funny:/ CieraMariexoxo
I need some stanky ass bait to entice you people to come in Monday nights. Damn, I turning into a Swamp People.
lets try to connect IRL at the expo!
Just remembered that I have a lax game today :(
Smile. Cry. Have hope. Lose faith. Love. Hate. Xo
Cheers! RT : Heading to tuesday wine tasting at ! Come join!
Come get your Salsa on at CLUB COA tonight! Free lessons beginning at 10pm! See you there!!!
What's your most memorable bargain find from garage sale or online marketplace?
after an 8 hour shift and finals this week I strongly disagree
I feel. Like. I'm dying. 0.0
#fridayreads - 'Sexing the Cherry' by Jeanette Winterson. "No safety without risk, and what you risk reveals what you value."
Clashes were reported in #Syria today where 1000s took part in anti-govt protests. WNA looks at the impact of the unrest.
Congrats on getting it in! Enjoy that well deserved drink! Tomorrow it's our turn to start working on all the apps.
where did u get that gold off shoulder dress pictured recently?.
well no shitbo don't study do I'm not smart
Cant wait until saturday!
wow why else you think you ain't seen me ? Lol I've been gone a year . Smh
the fuckin #moon right now! [ASTR]
That's up to you really. On all counts :)
You know it's a great day when you get an email that #financialaid has added more money to your account!
Big weekend of baking ahead! Chocolate, caramel filled turtle,redvelvet, vanilla bean and keylime. *hungry yet*?
it's the measurable progress that you learn and grow from! I'm learning a lot! What I'm learning. I gotta do my own stuff!
Ha! You only cheat yourself brother!
What the fuck is tape made of?
#isastc character building via gaming.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
I Love
Even if we were part of the problem? :x
no tweets lol
"Never lose yourself while trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you."
Anyone try the new LinkedIn apps?
Thanks for helping us get the word out! We'll have links to presentation abstracts soon.
I was just asked to join the Andover Alumni Council and I'm bursting with excitement. I'm looking forward to 4 years of great exchanges.
meet me halfway I think this could work!! Lol
hey, i still didnt get anything
Oh yeah. Amy rocks!
Looking forward to getting back to my research and heading to the library at the in June. Who will be in Rome?
Well I know that and if you were following me you would see that I know that.
Next time I see you . I will punch you in the mouth & I will dislocate your jaw.
Wheels finna b up
just saw that on some site and thought you'd like that!
RADIO ALERT! Listen to WYKS during the 9am hour today to hear Ken and Drew! Great show! Wish we could get to the Swamp!
and this was all inspired by a little marvin gaye and chardonnay.||
Um why is "hold on" playing at the movies
ain't that the truth ...
rules change with each shift of cops at
ahh so obsessed with YOU!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY :(
”When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.” – African Proverb
Jose and Kelly will speak 's #BestSeminar Workshop J. They'll cover compliance tips and audits re: employment authorizations.
Will you #FollowMeAustin?
#nw Bruce Live in NYC. Sorry to 's tv speakers.
Forum credit union is a bunch of greedy douche bags! I'm finding a new bank today!
I felt bad too.
Sorry to hear about Thomas Kinkade. I know someone with several Thomas K paintings. Wonder if he should try to sell them or hold on?
same thing wrong with me, were not flaunting our boobies to the world
Another Walker crony - left behind at the county in a cushy, high pay job - gets subpoenaed. This time for the caucus scandal trial.
"You can't have a meaningful relationship with God without a meaningful relationship with the church."
When's the last time you put out a press release? When's the last time someone #outside your company read your press release?
Sorry to hear that. Any suggestions for how we could make it less complicated?
I won my alumni sweatshirt at #homecoming. You'll have to come sometime.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Loving #nizza with and - dinner before #seminar!
What the hell happened to my twitter..
and all of them will have stupid doodles on the back too.
Cleveland's unis might be some of the best in baseball right now. But, they need to lose today.
Caught him on the 9 in all blue yelling im a nuetral
“: There is no such thing as F/13”... F/13 and a half?
through a brittle restless darkness/red numbers scream/I’m awake and shaking/ what intrudes upon my sleep/upon this morning/upon my being
ok you kangaroo lol
Thanks For Hacking Me!
I can understand that!
Especially in a state where the school board decides whats in books.
Wednesday! that means and fishbowls
I Can Honestly Say I HATE School . -,-
Congratulations buddy.
is soccer AM on the interweb anywhere?
What if some people left your door open and you screamed "HAVEN'T YOU PEOPLE EVER HEARD OF CLOSING THE DAMN DOOR?"
It's messy Monday! Where is the messiest spot in your business?
Nats helped to keep me sane while driving on infuriating 15 south!
RT : You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. ~ Yogi Berra
Next show Oct 15th at Echo/Jet Lounge and its free!
Need somebody to Cuddle with !
Wow! First commercial I have seen for National Popular Vote movement during debate!
Whoa, I forgot all about Annihilation Time. This really brings me back.
Zen Bun weekly wisdom: "The time you spend wasting is not time wasted." zenbuns.com
Does Blackmon know Larry Fitzgerald is in the house? Certainly seems like it
that was just perfection
so you just make a whole tweet about me with out me knowing???? 😂😂😂😂
How on earth are you doing?!? I hope all is well on the West Coast!
Great day learning with using Turtle Art http:www.turtleart.org/
Why am I craving curry???
Wondering where Zusi is at - would think he'd be playing when he's near his family and whatnot...
Playing tonight with Nir Felder Quartet (w. Massimo Biolcati and Nate Smith) at the 55 Bar. It's gonna be a fun one. Come down!
its like oh yeah hey surprise to u to mom an dad I fell into these position an while I fell our cloths ripped of idk how -fixed
I sed"im doin a project in history" hewas serious then I got to the "I was just wonderin did ceasar live hur" prt he laughed
happy birthday to :))
My IQ drops exponentially for every second I listen to JaVale McGee speak.
Sounds ominous, but I'm sure whatever choice you make will work out. I can't help, but if you'd like to chat give me a call
Lmao you a BIG bitch.....soo cut all that out!.
At The Tasting Room in Reston Town Center What great wine!
They keep showing Ryan Leaf's mugshot on #Seattle news. Where did dude go so wrong... he's a mess and I don't think coming back this time.
Ugh. An hour and 30 minutes left of work. :/
RT : The 2014 Game will be held in New Orleans. Watch the press conference at 4:30pm/et on
The Zingaro is on its way to Talin for lunch.
YES! RT : Watching on Glee and soon to be watching on big screen in Step Up 4
sounds like someone got picked last for the kickball team....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!
S/O to Montana and Ephiphany for getting it in today in the Gym! Who else got their workout in?
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough
thank you god for everything u done for me
Because of Martha Coakley's Bravery...
- thanks for the download. Let us know what you think and if you come across any issues. Have a great weekend.
since ur feeling emotional can u check ur fb page? Special fan request. When 2nd baby due??
You wrong for the Kobe comment. LOL
Now I'm no psychic but I see delicious tacos Im your future. Well If you come to metro center that is. We're on the corner of g and 12th
If you're not down here enjoying mint juleps right now you're crazy! (or just have other plans)
you haven't texted me all day this gives me a reason to cry.
im a dream chaser.
This week we found a 4-leaf clover pressed into a yearbook from 1928. Hoping it brings us 1928 days of good luck!
Happy new year! (not too late to say that, right?)
i want to get wankered with !!!
U-U-UW (I was a husky!!) Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
im sho finna go down to the court now n hoop
email. & the one with the horns or the one that took hours to put together? lol
I haven't given head in so long that I don't think I could ever do it again unless I was married.
I just found out there's someone famous named Eleanor Tomlinson. At first I thought you and Eleanor Calder got married. Lol
MT : Walgreens testing is CANCELED today. Stop by the storefront at Park & University instead, from noon-8:00pm. See you there!
That's right
Folks forget about the part NAR plays in the MLS. But leaders are definitely needed!
Dear Professors, I can't complete my assignments because my cat is napping on my keyboard. Thanks,Carrie
It used to be a lot better. Now, it sucks.
we ballin tomorrow ?
My beard/mustache product is dissolving into my martini. That's a fail.
a couple hours ago
too late (according to Michelle) RT "Don't work with stupid."
I want a mochi right about now :)
RT : It's Fifth Third Day (5/3, get it?!); our friends @ 5/3 Bank are kickin off a food drive @ the ballpark today! Bring yer...
ugh. Fine
Rümi lounge tonight no cover 21+ to drink and party!! I'll be live in the mix this one last time for a month!! Come check me out!!
This give be one busy month... I stay on an mission...
And i miss her.
It is well worth it. Can't believe it took me this long to see them.
Michael Keaton in this movie. ;D
i hate those judges! What comp. was it?
As usual, thanks!!!
was up young lady
Your love interest is a STAR.
Your so sweet, that's why I'm totally falling in love with your friend!!
um sure
Do you have any extreme or embarrassing prom memories?
If you ever found out. I'd die.
work in progress.
clearly, we are.
j must be imagining Indianapolis during a race weekend! Give him a hug for me!
Please go on Facebook and "like" Abused in Chicago - we need more!!! Thanks for your
Scariest thing of my life just happened. :(
ONLINE BANKING SCARES ME
I'm pleased to announce that as of 9/26 I'll be the new Head, Metadata Services at Drexel University Libraries in Philadelphia!
Ha! And you're buying the first one! lol
RT :disagree withTwitter's decision to hide replies to people you don't follow
As a Twitter newbie, I had to google
it was amazing. You have to go to a Final Four. It's not lookin good for Magic.
HAPPY 4 FANNY PACK!!!
RT : Attending Expo West? be sure to visit the Buyer's Best Friend Booth #3988 for the best in organic products
"This is the time to show them everything. Make sure they remember you." --Haymitch: The Movie
So Nike will be selling a $250 jersey that will be close to game jersey buying it!
Yes i do jow do u think i chadr down the ice creamyruck RT : wait, you have workout sneakers?
Thank you for the Craftstravaganza mention! :D The other 139 artisans and I are grateful!
My money is on the market manipulators pulling the market back to zero or even positive today. Right now, it looks like they win.
My #NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile.
Am I the only one celebrating International Womens Day? The Kat is only 1/2 full.
beautiful day for a trip to !
I just told her what I was aiming for in general, and then explained, "it doesn't always happen that way."
Omg please don't make me listen to the Devils goal song ever again. Terrible.
: u in nyc?...u know they on that stuff we was doing like 11yrs ago right...jz/kanye right.mayne..if we do it again we ju ...
Once all the morons supporing Cains #999Plan figure out it will raise their taxes and stunt growth, his popularity will plummet
Had a great time this week having the Browns in town! Especially last night! Thank you so much for bringing us to (:
I feel I want #Whitneyhoustonfuneral on DVD! Its so spiritually motivating & speaks to who she was & what she stood for!
Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords.
I forgot you have no soul. Just remembered.
Everyone follow , RT them, & help create the GREATEST promo team on Twitter for gaining followers!
Still looking for that superstar Bluetooth FW engineer. Experience with CSR BC5 platform and LE a big plus!
yeah that'd be a good idea
Trying to nip a migraine in the bud. I don't have time for one!
Just voted. Those are some absolutely incredible photos! Kudos.
Avoid signing a contract. If you can't pay month to month forget it.
I forgot to report that I saw a bear run across the Issaquah-Hobart Rd this morning.
I wish I was still swimming on the Universe Explorer!
I can't wait! It will be April, so hopefully warm enough for the harbor. Btw, how's the job going?
it is true ! Lol
I wish man. Don't sell them in Alaska :(
5 Ways Acupuncture Can Fix Your Health Problems from:
want me to sing???
i LOVE lifetime
