Aww! That's so sweet! :]
That's what I thought!! Lol. I'm still trying to figure it all out.
and where is that - am I anywhere near :-)
Start your day with a yummy and nutritious Team Vic Matrix Meal Replacement shake.
Picture. Locked.
We're on the drug called Charlie Sheen...and we like it.
you know I been thinking about ya:) idk y
Unsatisfying trip to Home Depot - everything there's made in China. No more #Home Depot. I'm buying American.
H&M sunglasses i bought in Sweden? Made in China.
Who woulda won a rap battle between PN News vs Oscar from Men On A Mission? GO!
Sleeping pillows should be small enough that can support your neck.. :-) being small with lessen the chance for discomfort.
haha I try :)
9 more years of this
how yall doin? i'm doin just cheeky at the moment. (;
They need to end it for ERRYBODY.
RT : Join us this Thursday at 9amET for a conversation with about our nation's fiscal priorities! Details here:...
anyone interested in going for a nice outing I'm heading to the famous tail of the dragon motorcycle ride in NC 10/02/2009. hit me up
Finally met the great #smsports mind in person! One of the very best at what he does for the #Lakers!
Gone to the moon
#NYC Best Food Trucks
Preparing my next pitch.
me haha I'm hoping for over 500
it really is....I keep seeing the pics from when we were there a couple weeks ago... it is drawing me back
Leaving the club
#Nationallabday had a fantastic time in the Galapagos on #missionblue! Pictures coming soon.
Entertainment of the night=mom being drunk
omg , this girl . LOL
thanks b-sack ill tell you al about it :*
Say what you will about the program this weekend, the next two weeks are off the hook!
Being hi at a Solon
So many pregnant people walking the mall, must've been a fun summer
If you're joining us remember to use the #CampusChat with your tweets. I have questions for but everyone can contribute& ask Qs
YES! i get an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Going to get a will at the ripe old age of 28. This is kind of depressing.
hm I don't know, I still can't get caught driving. I got pulled over and I've been paronoied ever since
never lose your integrity
Thanks for the follow. A fine chick like u needs more...
I'm picking up good vibrations!
Congratulations on your amazing accomplishment!
Programing some beats today music in the air ;)
Run Emily run. These guys are LOSERS.
And people wonder why.......erky
i admit there are two things that drive me crazy: women who pee on the toilet seat and people who make excuses for not doing their work.
I'm jelly! I will definitely keep you posted. P.S. I miss you & E!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bridie !Bridie who ?Bridie light of the silvery moon !
this time for africa :D lol that song is so old :p
RT Special thanks to all of our Georgia Tech students that are using Fast Food Express Atlanta. Promotions will be coming soon for students
When we don't have the good we fight to get it.. then when we do, we complain about it.
They will still suck while trying to copy the Spurs colors. SMH
If you had it all to do over, would you fall in love with yourself again?
Thanks for the info on Carrier!
Hope all is well with you and your family!!!
Is Lebron's biggest weakness his mental toughness?
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Phillipians 4:13
oh okay its coming out in may at macys
Either way, great season so far, yall are doing it Big this year. Sucks yall dont come to MEM this season to play
I love looking at your boards and reading your blog.
ugh. that > working in a cubicle all day long.
Eating roman noodles (: church at 6! my hip hurts.. Well that's what I get for picking the biggest and strongest girl on the team to guard
Sometimes you just want to have your feelings not explain them.
YMCA Preschool
#ReplaceATLSongsWithKirken get down on your kirken and tell me you love me!
RT : Hey Pres! I love your profile pic! Hope your well! *>* I'm okay, it's a pic i took in 1925...
S/O to for the hottest Sunday night party....#spotlounge!!!
Do I go to old Miami tonight in Detroit or chill in A2 with the fam?
I would like to do an interview with you for my show. Email me at if you're interested.
I'd like more draft pics, to help rebuild. Give Sam some toys to use
Sex iz on my mind (in a singing voice lol)
You are absolutely right. If crossfit is taught in a systematic manner, it's very effective. But it often lacks individualization.
Join us tonight at East 91st St Christian Church for Trunk or Treat from 630 - 8p. Dont forget your Operation Christmas Child dontations!
#Onlyblackpeoplesay...Only Black people say!
can't I do both?!?
a fellow fan right here babe :) love all britney army. hihi
I doubt you'll forget next time :-) how's your season going?
I just sent Larry texts he sent me from back in November. He probably don't even remember saying that stuff lol.
What is all the hype around pinterest? I am all about new toys and not sure how this works.
Don't suffer from paralysis of analysis, take action!!!
do you remember me???, :'D
Thanks and #Gallaghers for a great premier season! We'll miss you and can't wait for Season 2!
I can't stand rude service people. If your job involves going into someone's home treat their environment with respect.
Going to my little sisters Award/Graduation Ceremony at Suny New Paltz! I'm so Proud of Her!
hey Janneke! that's maybe kind of what I'm concerned about. like, I don't want them to think this is a stunt moustache, y'know?
Returned to my walk/run routine with Ismael Rivera in tunes. As you can image, I had a little swing in my stride. Sabroso!
This is the Friday we call Good.This is the day when the whole world stands still.We recall the great Sacrifice offered,Christ died for you.
RT this if u ever cry cause !
you don't want to get mange!
I can wait to see fast 6 & 7.
true! RT : LOL great example of Assumptions ♥ RT : Guy on the train in front of me has two empty cans on seat...
You spend your life caring about your life only to wake up and realise that it was all for nothin!
It would be great if your pricing structure encouraged sales of $.99 like the app store though I'm sure you have your reasons.
Its way colder whan i thought it was......
Let's face it, Obama waffled, then huddled up w/ staffers, then came out in support of something that gov has no biz being involved in.
: Lemme guess, without reading Chic? Swag? Swish? Or one of those other seemingly pretentious one-namers?
Chris spent last summer shooting a biker bar reality show. The footage needs out! -- Frankie D's Highlights #1 youtube.com/watch?v=NJyEOl…
my daughter's 17. Why didn't you tell me this earlier.
I just KNEW it.
I'm at a store. Like buying frapuccinos and cake. Cunt (:
click the hashtag
ah nightmares!!! RT If you're having a nightmare, don't press the snooze button.
“: but for real if u got $2500 i can find anybody a decent car. i got my guy a 2002 durango for 1k lol”lol damn that's str8
RT : Grady's (Whitman Mayo) ghost is gonna haunt you for stealing his line! / I ain't scared of no Grady!
let's not forget that AJ was a turd for 21 years too.
I don't sleep much! haha
Thanks for letting us know :)
try Doctor Who!
Yeah...but are you tellin me not to shop??
I was reading my sisters texts to her friend until she barged into my room. :(
a few quid worth of experience and we would have won today. Without it we will win nothing. Wenger must face reality or GO
sloppy joe. no cookie
Workaholics (the show) is too f...n funny
a picture of you in a restaurant? I'm shocked^
Dear Beliebers Why hate on Selena? What did she do to you? She's dating your idol, so what? That's no reason to hate her.
Haha alright (: And then when I reply, it'll be long. There's a lotta shit I gotta tell you (:
Dope bro!
Your tweets aren't cute. They're self centered and immature.
Try vitamin B. I take a sublingual B for fast absorption two times a day. Helps the tired.
Megan is super nice, too.
I need something to do
I enjoyed AGM. Regarding what you signed up for, in what regards did it change from your vision?
Thank you for the mention Jenn. Blessings ALL
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. George S. Patton
when we doin that track?
Shells are the DEVIL.
#WhyDoiAlways find myself getting In trouble with my friends? We all mean well. We just go about it differently haha
So now I know. You CAN'T kill a cold with kindness!
i do follow you
Proud of all of the adult students who performed in the showcase tonight! see you guys next semester!
glad I could make ur day.
Watching sum tv
Some newbies on the shelves. is seriously digging our new Rioja. Unapologetically straight forward and dangerously addictive.
Follow me ? (: Bye Bye<3
i hope you know how much looks like you, at least in his twitter profile pic. i seriously think it is u everytime
Prayers go out to the two people hit outside Raynor.
I got to take this like a M A N :/
Greetings New Followers!!
The amount of untagging photos that will be going on in the next few days.....
lol well to me it is!...if im ratchet...then your THREW!...lmao
In order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting anything clean.
Cool. Hands on training starts tomorrow.
#AdventureTime Is an amazing show!!!!!
Success isn't built on accomplishment. It's built on failure. It's built on disappointment. At times its built on catastrophe.
or trade that in for bf3
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it. Batt, Al
Good Morning World
Ready to be back in lex with my boys not tho
I was reading your blog. Would you be interested in reviewing my new psychological thriller A Smudge of Gray?
That awkward moment when you walk into a conference room late, but nobody knows why. #ExperiencesIwillface in an hour
I have 2 hours to watch a dog. What to do what to do. Im waiting for my new app to download and reading Mockingjay. Nice day out though! <3
www.likejuice.124online.com go go excellent healthy drink
Funny 'cause it's true: RT : The modern way of thrwing rottn fruit on stage is 2 tweet live that u suck.
Ricardo Lemvo at #Yoshis SF TODAY and John Santos with Jovinos Santos Nieto Yoshis Oakland Friday. Great music this week.
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: A mark on the face of your lover, the samurai who did it, your choice of weapon, "Konichiwa, doo-doo head!"
Pawesome photo of you! Look like a swanky hotel. Me likez!
I hope you don't because I love you!
cowherd should really take his act on the road.
got off work tonight, what to do?
I literally give up on today.
I love chocolate...lol im just trying to reach the tweet limit,but dont know why..I am seriosly going crazy
I was at that one in DC! In my pre-presenting, hover-and-observe early grad school phase. Yes, I will live-tweet for sure.
Goodbye Feb, HELLO March. I love spring time!
Invented national grilled cheese day.
TY 4 the mention/#FF - right back @ u - have a gr8 weekend!
thank you! Im so happy my friend told me this morning lol. I will! :)
I hope you decided to wear clothes. :)
just "pretty accurate"?!?! BUST
Smh...when you grow up, then maybe things will change. Till then don't be surprised why things aren't going your way
I shall never listen to you D:< you sir are
we can't talk mess about how plastic nicki is anymore. Lisa turtle just topped everyone
Me and Katsu-ya disagree. But hey, happy birthday!!!
I didn't realize Jeff could have gotten W to practice today...hope that all worked out and W had a great practice! :)
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
President has just entered the house chamber. Perfect timing... popcorn just finished.
Hey, I never asked you. Do you like guacamole?
Contracts are about what you get. Covenants are about who you are.
I'll bet even ur kids know Gonzo lacks the potential to be a top 10 WR, on a practical level, not justified by one stat
it wasn't that bad!!
Hey, what's up?
now that it's summer. we need to get us 3 back together.
im watching right now....
hey sorry my Gma was being naggy
Damn, I can't even believe your eighteen. Haha. We need to to hangout!
Glad you discovered our deal. Hope it meets your expectations!
Truth! RT : Sundays are reserved for family<3 ....when I don't work, that is lol
here waiting for someone to text me :(
and im still awake. awesome
I here that my pup is sick... Is that a big enough excuse to stay home from work? :(
#Sushi happened tonight. We were dealing with withdrawal symptoms:-))
Having made it through St. Roch, Benedict Arnold's men are marching by the northern walls of Quebec receiving heavy musket fire from above.
what are the set-times for Future Islands show to night
the pop in my glove echoes across the field. it's an 8am practice with no people in sight..clear minds...pure baseball.
I like cats. meow meow meow.
Rocky Road & Cookie Dough Ice Cream :D
Need. To. Stay. Awake. Got. To. Do. Hw!
There's To Many No Lifes In Corpus! Get Your Ass Up & Go Get A Job
*stole this for blog post going up in 15. credits have been given sir;)!
Today the truck is at Buffalo and Broadway! Another great day to eat tacos :)
I am a recruiter with Third Screen Talent. I would like to talk to you about a client of mine in Vancouver Are you open to new gigs?
Time for the first #turkeytour2012 I didn't have to wake my daughter up. She is just as pumped as I am. Let's get this done!
Nothing like relaxing in a perfectly clean house
Love Sylvia Plath's work
Wake up ➜ twitter ➜ school ➜ twitter ➜ home ➜ twitter ➜ food ➜ twitter ➜ sleep ➜ REPEAT
Damn its been a LONG day!! Works over till tomorrow morn though. Think im just gonna relax the rest of the night...
Good things are happening.
I have to say, I do miss Beltre's theatrics at the plate. Always entertaining...
you are a sports fan. and as you know "professionalism" is key to results. Stay professional. I will stay professional!
C, u the exception! U were taught by me...so u special!
Hah! : Do the Mariners usually leave their wives at third base like that too?
the rain doesn't help here in the north east either!
thanks man. Doesn't sound weird at all. Bigger fan of 4HB or 4HWW?
I'm updating my online dating profiles instead of grading. How can I grade fairly when I'm lacking love???
oh cool :) I am walking around in all black tho :)
Did you know we give our spent grains to Geauga County farmers for their livestock? It's a green way to go! Win-win!
I'm so jealous! You guys are practically BFFs now.
RT : In Social Media Success Summit session: How Social Customer Service is Attracting New Customers and Increasing Sales - Frank...
e.g. Muffler infection, spark plug carcinoma and end stage engine disease.
Hey good seeing the other night!! Send us that Ungoliant record soon ya? Also did you say something about Spy goggles? Haha
10 hrs of training between Friday & Saturday. Resting today. Time to recharge.
i love this idea so much! thanks for sharing pictures!
tired...it's 424 am and I went to sleep about 1 am...oh and I got a shotgun. Ha ha.
Just saw a watch downtown. On a casio stand.... yet it was a c- shock. Yes it said c-shock. No g
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes ~
And wants to see you! Maybe someday you can take a road trip. :)
Thank you for getting me stuck on Raheem DeVaughn!!! His song "marathon" is on repeat today what a HOT SONG!!!!!
#GiveGetHH 6-8 pm looks like an awesome way to give back
just saved my life...who would of thought.
No. No there is not. #FriedPotatoes2012 RT : Is there anything fried potatoes can't do?
I too am a student going towards a communications degree.
Genius RT : DRUNK HULK WONDER IF TEBOW LIKE BEING THIS DEPRESSION'S SEABISCUIT!
A white wall of snow is slowly making its way across Summit County...
it's awesome isn't it! Thanks for following!
Feel free to send us any Appliance, HVAC or Boiler questions/problems you may have via tweet or mail.
we will Miss you!
At Cal State University San Marcos for president Karen Haynes report to the community. CSUSM is a great resource for our region.
One words reply tweets?
tweets are the absolute best💗☺
My Quote of the Day - "Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.", William Blake
72.2% of Americans access social websites & blogs via mobile devices in 2011. It's about saving time.
working at til four! we have 25 cents off hot OR iced teas and lots of free tables to come play a game or get some work done!
Google calendar. On your phone. On your computer. Etc. In the cloud. Works miracles for scheduling. :)
that no-good will smith look-alike ruined a lot of dreams
Big crowds at all of our gardens! Great reception and smiling faces!
who was supposed to oversee this department? Does Sweetwater even have a compliance unit?
Escort service hells angels hiring talent send pic
We've got a new winter menu! Lots of great stuff, allow me to recommend the black bean breakfast quesadilla :)
Buster sucks
OMG. MY ORTHODONTIST WAS PLAYING 11:11 IN HER OFFICE!!! :D
i had no idea your song came from heyhihello :( i thought it was an original
Aww he's so cute ♥. Follow me Mama :) ♥
are you alive?
Aw.. Thank you so much!
Because you live in Seattle. RT : Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
Solar Systems and BBQ
Changed my Tumblr url fuck ya finally.
Thanks for sharing! :-)
u know u can!
#uk carpet == #us rug. although, still laughing so much at seeing "chunder" written down! ;-)))
Hey friends, there are not enough chimneys at polly's. Please rectify asap. Thanks.
The more I observe, the more I learn.
you and ya poodle rock matching leather outfits
Probably the last happy hour of the year in DC... going to miss a lot of people.
tried beersmith, beer tools pro, & pro mash. Prefer beersmith by far.
thumb thru that check !!!!! get this pussy wet
Suggestion – Fourth, The longer your eye contact, the more self-esteem you are perceived to have.
- thanks. So pushy, acting like NOT paying means I've decided to give up on getting new customers. - who falls for that tactic?
Spare the bullshit. I've heard it all before .
When my mom complains, I remind her that I have no illegitimate children, criminal record, or hobo BFs. That's her present, too
I got a beard compliment in Walgreens...from another dude.
I really want automatic windows. I'm sick of rolling only one window down -_-
US Postal Service is promoting dead tree print as good for business. This is their marketing strategy, leave the net? Are you kidding me?
F this storm!
Nope, I don't have any siblings that resemble #KentuckyDerby horses.
Whats the over/under on " is a beached Whale" & "Who the fuck is " jokes? I'm guessing 12?
This day last year, I had no idea what college I was going to. The day before the deadline.
Narration RECORDED! Almost done with this thing.
Idk and really care less right now
It was only great because of the amazing guests! Good times at #UberIcon!
u knows it!!! Hope you're doing well :)
About to go on a tweeting rampage (:
First time for everything! I'm looking froward to the rest of my weekend. I plan on Ultimate fighting tonight, then bowling tomorrow! YAH!
Hello to new followers,
ha, truly awesome.
Keep dreams alive!! Support Live Music this weekend. Take it further & buy a CD or t-shirt while you're there. It takes a village...
thanks so much for your generosity. . it really makes a difference. .
please fill us up with some delicious gyros this week on
"Youth is wasted on the young" -George Bernard Shaw
it's cool baby girl do your thang (; xD yeahh I know,
We have 999 followers. Who will get us to 1,000?
im already following (:
The northwest territory was given to the US in the Treaty of Paris in 1783 but the British wanted to keep the forts + outposts on the lakes
Tonight’s Scott County girls' basketball game against Perry County Central at home has been canceled because of weather.
It SUCKS that the nonpaid mods are more ACTIVE then the PAID mods on !!
Tweet, tweet my friend!
Cheers indeed! Lakeview location has a special Oktoberfest beer by Two Brothers! Cheers to the season of fall drinking!
heard you have some music coming out on June 5th :D buzzing!
hahaha, I don't carry it only for that day. Lol.
22 Hours until our RLife Sunday begins...We'll see you poolside!
lmaoo! Like everyone goes to the beach to lay out and I'm the only one trying to find a tree to sit under!
Embracing new media for my news sources.
Fabulous Event Monday Night - Women in Beer - Thanks
Sanderson Students: Our our delicious lunch special is just what you need to get you through the rest of your day, for a great price too!
Tonight in B Rip, its burlesque brought to you by ! And tomorrow its our special Mom Show! 8:30 showtimes. 317-255-4211.
Not in New Orleans it ain't.
I lived in San Carlos Mexico training workers to inspect plastic moldings used to cover the Intel Pentium II processor.
um, stop?
Knowing the deadline helps with whether you take the risk of pulling them out of a meeting to bother them.
Forbidden fruit always tastes sweeter.
"I know it's impossible, but you should try to shake it off." ::mates of state::the re-arranger::
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and avoid trans-fats and Hydrogenated fats! Surprisingly saturated fats in moderation are OK.
...tonight!...inside ....8 year anniversary!!
He is normal. He was born a bunny. But he was born a bunny who wants to have an awesome red beard.
Anytime :) Hope we stay in touch!
Oh I hope you know, that I love you so...
At best, insensitive. is a decent guy but he's in denial over his homophobia like most "real men."
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Jr Seau. Gone way too early. Crazy I just saw him in Nashville a few weeks ago...
Wow! Cheers
hey cutie
hey there!!! Trying to follow you on TLLCLAWNCARE and it's coming up forbidden?!??
Happy World Read Aloud Day!
the house was a bargain- can't believe you didn't jump on it.
looking for a prom dress (:
Ah a walk to remember is on next 😍
BBN might need you to go to work on Shabazz again. Don't worry, Sandy Bell is not looking! Haha!
10:00 PM - Rootbeer, A.D., The Last Hope playing www.myspace.com/rootbeersound
DWade with the classless act.
How are my bros celebrating cinco de mayo tonight?
I've always said that 07 was the best year SC ever had and will ever have.
Send me your email so I can add you on my newsletter list! :)
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 1
a floater Terrance!!!!!
"Psychology comforts the afflicted. Sociology afflicts the comforted."
Little guy is out of surgery. Tonsils and adenoids have been removed.
im feeding him
TY for the RT. Feels good to have the draft about half done!
yesterday was great, lots of baseball, lots of beer. Today I'm back to work & staying productive. How's your weekend going?
Somebody come help me shop for a two year old girl. I'm not very good at this.
While you're busy reading Shades of Grey, just think about all the nonsense we guys are up to.
that's awesome you just launched your book! I'll tweet about you!
What is the best drink out there to consume???? I'm a RedBull and vodka guy.
GB on the clock!!!
I love my dad so much.
thank you. you guys are doing some inspiring work. you blew the booster team away.
RT : The 22nd seems so far away .... Like hurry up
I do this every time and i never know why cause every time i think about you it makes me wanna cry
Been trying to wait for Galaxy SIII
what time is it over there
RT : We just got in more t-shirts and sweatshirts. We also have sweatpants with our logo on the leg. Sizes vary. Get yours!
Finna head to iTunes for that #SSM Album !
Don't remind me...
Setting up my Twitter
4-6 weeks..lte version I am sure is being made..a lot of buzz when I was at big red the other day
Thanks for the amusement
May as well make money on the fun things and avoid the less-fun things, I reckon.
Morristown judge orders psychological evaluation for man who tried on dress, urinated on himself
In my head, I have already consumed the Thai food I just ordered for delivery. Hmm...mango sticky rice....
Meijer Gardens Moves Up List of Most Visited Museums
You feel me
I like tuwrtals!
bout to watch the super bowl...
You know Common wants to say "Drake, Take Care...ops sorry"
THE BIRTHDAY MASSACRE is over halfway through post-production. Let's chat about it when it is complete. Thanks.
Word of advice to anyone who doesn't want to be kicked out of a bar... Don't call the bartender a bitch
Sublime Tribute 40 oz To Freedom tonight - 8:30pm tix $14 with guests APEX, Dizzy Woosh and Surf Zombies.
show 4 the next 3 months 6 days a week 12-16hrs. I think we should film a fun shoot during the day with JB and I
I wish I had a punching bag mounted to my ceiling sometimes...
Time to use those KFC employee benefits lol RT: I'm hungry 😔
When you're playing a game on your phone but forget to turn the sound off but don't notice because you have your ipod in AWKS.
Goodnight ladies and gents
Not tired.....weird
#thanking god everyday for being alive and in good health ..
Exactly, Mothers are the Queens RT ......wait till fathers day , I bet you won't see all this love on your TL though !
Check out May come in handy tomorrow!
Correct. Message me your address and I will get them in the box today!
hope you are both well. Would love to catch up w your respective lives and times
Paul's Boutique was first CD I ever broke by playing it too much. My friends & I called it "Paul's Butt" which I probably shouldn't mention.
Shock that I'm drinking another MonsterEnergy... So many energy drinks this weekend!
Wow sold out the Best Buy Theater in the heart of Times Square, New York City already!!!
Just another rich guy.
Yea I'm interested. I'm on lunch atm but will be back online around 5:30 EST.
If you had to go, you could've at least said bye....
Philadelphia Union went to Rome to see the pope.
Are there any K-pop fans in or around the Birmingham area that would be interested in joining a council run Korean society/club??.
Scott, director of NDI, citing the tension behind civil society orgs & legislatures, yet potential 4 collaboration.
*looks around* what? Lol
At some point today, I have to stop listening to and actually start working on our new episode... is seriously SO good though
NBC had great success in comedy this season? Umm...really?
looking forward to spending the weekend back in the Mitten!
Most guys hope to someday have all the hoes. I hope to someday have a wife & kids.
Have questions about #TEFL? Ask now! Just use #bridgeteflchat. And if you're an #EFL expert, come share your knowledge!
thank you, Sir. No worries, the whiskey makes it easier to navigate the wet! ;)
Happy Halloween from !
How many x's can you RT something like this.. damn only once. RT if you want Donald Driver 2 dance shirtless
Thanks for the Follow!
Glad i didnt get caught in the rain
hehe I just texted you!!!
Your illustrations always point out just what's wrong with me
Get over yaselllllfff...
Whoops, forgot hashtag. I think #casesmc chats are a great idea & will work to make this happen.
Congratulations to John P and Tina K in the #Milw office for reaching two #Kforce milestones!
Happy birthday love! (: Xx
Wow what a missed opportunity by Robben!!!
da moto if i was a rap i wud hav a g mix as in goseple mix.
Avoiding problems you need to face is avoiding the life you need to live
A late night at the office. Yep...
“: “: I don't know what you're talking about:)” forrealz?” I'm being sarcastic:)
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
RIP Justin Bieber
that sounds familiar
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña ... we want more kids going to college"
Surfers make it look so easy...it's not.
See Someone Without A Smile ....Give Them Your's
I don't remember him sharing lots of details, for which I'm grateful.
O_O can I ask what you two talk about?
Can the Lakers/Clippers fans coexist & support each other, only to clash during the Western Conference Finals? I certainly hope so.
#ItsTheBest!!! Sweet country life :) I do miss NY sometimes
I keep dreaming about you drinking that crack in a can lol
... have backgrounds in higher ed. It's there they became driven to change education from the outside (entrepreneur)
No power in the studio today. Looks like a snow day :)
yea so I haven't been to inclined to jump on one in awhile
Tori-ah rape rape! Prince-shh Tori-rape! Prince-its not rape if you scream yes and i guarentee you i can make you scream ;)
Please put a song with a heavy bass on for him to wake up to.
Do you and the cast hangout off set?
Rock 'n' roll belly dancing for the 21st century - San Jose Mercury News
how can i scare my parents?????????
you learned this from me. ;) proud
okay , & I'm alloweed to take the car to downtown Disney
hell yeah B! That ish is so funny
at 4 our #Fundraiser Banquet tonight! Join us 5512 Pennsylvania Lane Le Mesa, CA
u can't put me da same category as Dee fat ass LOL
I would be disgusted
She came thru in the clutch
Thanks for giving us a global view on today.
#BOYFRIENDTEASER WE NEED IT JUSTIN
Not quite sure what ur talkin bout but my acct was hacked.
Bitches tried to hack my twitter account! They need to be bitch slapped!!!
My MacBook air is toast. Of course this would happen while away at #drupalcon. Need a Mac expert and hardware. Help?
ABOUT TO FALL OUT ON THIS DESK...NEED A HOUR NAP..THEN WORK..CLASS
You'd never guess this modest little suburban girl knows all the words to "Intergalactic" & "No Sleep Til Brooklyn".
Check out Joe Gutta on 106&park text B to 79922 support ya boi Joe Gutta
dad. turn on the air conditioning. im dying
Harris Lass Museum Afternoon Tea and Vintage Fashion Show today, Santa Clara, CA - again a sell out and again a wonderful event.
up in the mountains snow skiing
Music + texting + twitter = dead battery ! !
One photo session down, now off to photography class. One more shoot this afternoon- need a 5-Hour energy lol
why thank you ;)
just heard about the tour good brother may god kontinuously bless you!!
I am saying though,Reggie Miller,i think you need to go home so ur older sister can smack u around some more,sick of ur voice right now
Breakfast with the fam at Corner Bakery!
Chewy Reese's Chips Ahoy ;) RT : Chewy cookies o.o
#Str8LykeDes.... Still sick af but tryna get better... I guess ima take so moe medicine then head back to sleep...
I respect gospel singers. But Mary Mary are some fine ass women
Yeah they have to get it together it's the playoffs!!
Hate everything about it.
its just a matter of time, till you find. he's no good girl, no good for you.
Gosh he's been around the family since 2004 long time
#Team No Sleep !
": "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -Plato". Oh Yes they R !YE
#ILookForward to a world without rigid gender roles.
A Limited Time: Watch, then link to Review & Discuss "Anne Frank Goes to Hollywood" on the official Site: www.annefrankgoestohollywood.com
woops. I mean: Prost! with my lovely lady.
Cee Lo looks like what you'd get if you took Charles Barkley and left his arms and legs in a dryer too long.
I wonder who wrote the software for my dishwasher... Somewhere, there is some guy who's job it is to write dishwasher software.
RT : Forget Cinco de Mayo come celebrate 's bday on 5/5 starting at 7ish! Let's do this!
Exactly. Often times the attending knows it's sort of ridiculous.
no problem^^
“: I'm gonna be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, well, tonight.” You look so amazing! I love you!
MVC design pattern was first designed for smalltalk
My people are you with me where you at? In the front, in the back killa beez on attack
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get. Dave Gardner
The men who stare at goats. Quality film. Watch it.
exactly what we did recently. Revised service model and staff realignment and training. Long way to go though
What? You're not going!? Well, if you need an on-site correspondent, I know somebody who'd be happy to help (wink) (ps it's me)
“: How much douche could a douchebag douche if a douchebag could bag douche?”
I have my girlfriend for that, sir.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
still dont know what your saying lmfao
Im going to inbox you because i don't want everybody to see it.
Nice to meet you Lawana!
Super Bowl Sunday and we are open!!! Our store closes today at 2 pm so stop by and grab a sandwich, sub or pizza.
Tired of tryna make it Work.
I see the head of my History Masters committee is celebrating 4/20 on FB. Huh.
I enjoy going to charity auctions and bidding on things I cant afford so that it ups everyone else's bids. I consider this my charity work.
My history teacher is awesome and is letting me follow the gio situation on twitter since she's a big royals fan too :D
Today is a GREAT day out there. :) You should return soon!!!
i have so much history homework but my math tutor is coming tonight ihml
listening to Marty Tirrell...mouth of the midwest
that's a good sign.
We so cool, we shop for clothes at goodwill and role in a granny car! -people parked next to us
My father is in the Hospital, on Thanksgiving
yall mispelled chicago on the tv a few minutes ago
But, I totally see your point. You clarified that for me. Thanks. :-)
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
Re war of public perception: today's SF Chronicle editorial page & letters to the editor.
Our new Graffiti Ecigs are the hottest on the market! Follow us on Twitter and receive a free sample.
Howday! from Nashville
Yeah, I see that. I think ESPN goes for confirmation of details rather than rushing it like TMZ, which I respect, I guess.
NMDOT: Crash on I-40 EB @ University has 2 right lanes closed. Expect delays and use caution.
Chick at belgian beer bar without a single remote idea how to pour
Getting set up at the Radio Chaoz. com studios for the all vinyl event it's gonna be off the hook. Be sure to tune in.
#whitesox. What a waste!!
Had a really great weekend, just sorry to see it end...
your welcome... i don't take anything from anybody i don't care who they are no one needs to treat someone like that
Day one of our Client Appreciation Tour over! Clients LOVED the cupcakes & truffles from ! Best cupcakes in town!
don't whatever me we gone fight
One of the MANY reasons why #tonboston is my favorite!
WHAT IS THE WEB ADDY FOR #CountdownKO ?
We need to redefine the meaning of laborer and consumer.
Former catcher Wilson Ramos out for year with torn ACL
Anybody remember the game when the Pistions and their fans beat the Pacers ass! Like literally jumped they asses?
He said I'm an arrogant bitch..
Now, let's say you and I go toe-to-toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor?
Want to know the best way to get me to blog about your band or event??? Invite me to it.
thanks man the things to come will be a fun journey
In honor of Blackout - 2011, I'm going to turn off my computer and hang out by candlelight tonight.
#WisconsinBadgers tip off at 6:15pm, at 9:17pm and #HungerGames at midnight. Could tonight get any better?
Tonight!! First Run Film Festival 6:30pm Cantor Film Center 36 E 8th Street Floor2 Come see dancing in "State Debate"
And I have to write a check to the IRS for how much?? F#@%!!
About to start CHIAROSCURA in Lynnwood -- Joubert, Strauss, Schnittke. Very excited to sing this music - Tacoma tomorrow, Seattle next wknd
hey do u have a game today at Weston?
how's it going? Thanks for the follow
#meandyoucantdate because I said so.
Vegas weather has been FANTASTIC this January! Light jacket, blue skies, no wind... oh wait, maybe I'm just again.
you do the same for us! www.keycommittee.com
I cannot wait until I have a car again. Psyched to roll down the windows and blare some
Goodmorning world B-)
So unhappy here. /: I just want to be happy.
this weekend drags.
Acne. Balding. Bad back. Wanna add me to your shopping cart?
Got asked by a few Greeks today if I was Greek. Guess that means I fit in and can find my Hercules for a big fat Greek wedding!
Bus breakdown in Chinatown. Man in the street with trumpet playing the Chinatown theme.
So chick Jst came outa the blue & said ima stripper
This week’s #phillyhunt question: What is one of today’s deals on Philly Dealyo? Answer now to win the nano.
#NCAAFinals Anthony Davis needs some tweesers
Happy snow day Colorado! Siting at home? Throw us a bone. Let's keep it going strong today. Thank you!!!
Hoping for a good day today.<3
I found a picture.
My iPod is annoying me. Iwishihadatimemachine.
Have fun!
And and above 80s on my precal test and quiz. Holler!!!!
On my way to Philly for an audition. Lord, give me some inspiration pleeeeeeeeaaaaase.
Looking to hold a company retreat or off-site meeting? Our octagonal barn has an opening on 10.22.10, call 503.693.8452 for more info.
Wait just a minute... Kirsten, no need to be hateful and Ashley I resent that statement, are you hungover?
Must be nice to always get your way!!
Asking everybody to send prayers out to my buddy ryan klimek!
lets work to get our #solar trade surplus back!!
deal, it has to be by an innocent bystander tho
please note the *diet* coke and orange slice.
Ready for the weekend! How about you Buckaroo?
great seeing today! Excited about opportunities in
amen and then probably the Air on Sunday and Monday
Nervousness and anticipation starting to set in already. Going to be a great weekend.
VA? I hope u do! And not sure about me in Nash this summer... Trying to find new job well see. Possibly Atlanta now too...
Flashmob was too funny(:
Holy hotness, Batman.
Sure! Send a detailed email to .us. They will help answer your questions!
First experience with . Veggie Pita was great!
This Twitter page showed inactivity since last year, and that's why it was unfollowed.
nice butt.
follow me please!! Please Austin please(:
was that your first tweet?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 6
Great deals coming your way! Check back with #Uscoop this week and next for , ,
thanks. We had a great meal at Hotel Donaldson last night.
Kay drunk at the fashion show. And she yells "photo man, photo man I'm ready"
and what count was I in when I was at Indiantown, FL Correctional Facility?
Support Our Troops: Give Them Jobs. Post for Free Here: www.PurplePlacement.com
Hey guys! Can you please help my friend get noticed by ? She is amazing, and the biggest Belieber I know!♥ xx
Wake up still baked.
ok followed (:
When is your next show?
Calling them mean won't make u nice Calling them ugly won't make u pretty Calling then weak won't make u strong<3
I'm probably the worst patient that handsome young eye doctor has ever had-I jerked back or blinked uncontrollably everytime he came near me
Come check out our movie after #CPAC intro > I Want Your Money in Thurgood Marshall
I can't help it!
I'm super happy I discovered Yoono!!!!
Celebrating my bday over some casual beers watching a bluegrass band at a dive bar in a sweatshirt... It's official, I'm 40.
#WhatILove the lord almighty.
OH "Not multicultural audiences. It's general audiences" Pam El, Groovy insights b4 the panels start! Tech Summit
Haven't been on here in awhile.
don't know the address yet. Soon though.
"You have to learn the rules of the game and play better than others"
Shout out to #RichardPryor R.I.P
Job Fair tomorrow - going to prep by reviewing the companies that will be in attendance.
Understandably. I'm floored. It's highway robbery.
Making about 400 truffles for the ABC wine tasting...
Seabass, don't get kicked out the hotel this time, lol no one else knows what I'm talking about.#$%@$%&
I sometimes think that this is all a practical joke and you don't actually love me the way I do you lol.
Listening to SiriusXM's The Pulse, one of over 60 music channels found on Dish Network. Want some? Call John at 350-6428!
I'm still caught up in how the Bruce Banner/Hulk complex represents the struggle of man vs capitalism.
Let your faith be bigger than your fears.
what else does Rivera have to prove? Best CP ever, mltpl WS rings, countless All-Star appearances. I say call it a career
Saturday... 7:30pm... Game 7... what are your plans?
“: HATE West Town Mall. Too many damn Belk stores ... so confusing!” <-----Truth!
where at bro
How the fuck am I in Clarkston
hah! need to get one of those great stickers for my MBA
looks lonely.
Where do you work?
RT great vision on that blocker save, awesome display of sheer natural instincts!! In love with that 1st from Vintage Marty.
fear me! I have a pretty sweet karate chop.
apparently no one is, not even me.
How is your "ministry" going?
unfortunately we do not have any information available, at this time.
#InElementaryScool used to come over haha
Marq alum here Dickie V, thoughts on the Golden Eagles this year? DJO can flat out play. Also who u like in the afc game? Ravens!
: Not bad. Damn it, Olisa and I are heading there next weekend. Well until next time we can tear up a Wal-Mart near you...
no i didn't. Sorry to hear that though...
Well plate lakers. For selling us a lemon of odom.
Everytime I check who I follow this freakin' thing has un-followed someone without me doing it..... Maybe I need to change my password!!
thanks for sharing my Dabble class. Super excited to inspire and empower people to get that coveted job!
I am grateful for network marketing. It is the next best thing to oxygen.
I hope the Hawks enjoy the long flights back and forth from the left coast.
You're listening to Carolyn and Jackie! Make sure to send in requests.
Life is a classroom and each situation you face is a lesson. Don't discredit the teacher. They're likely on assignment from the Father!
Tune in and May the Fourth be with you! Giving you a little Star Wars on
yes as do I but fuck these coaches that play games like this no class at all!
HAHA! Amanda you crack me up!
Looking forward to A Flavor of The East End tonight ! Stop by the Yelp booth and get yo'self some schwag!
attention attention attention I love you bestie! Nuff said
Let the weekend begin!
Ha! I fumbled with my iPhone to get a pic but the coyote didn't want to wait that long. I'm doing good. Hope all's well with you.
Remember..... Get 10 of your friends to like us get a free T-shirt. Read the challenge directions in earlier posts
please follow me !! I LOVE YOU ! ♥
I'm sad :( probably wont ever reply to me :'(
RT : Q3 as we learn how others see us we get to learn the others mind and perceptions.
twitter told you to follow me lol for real..?? well in that case I must follow back..!!
Fucking Mexican cutting my grass today blew all the dirt to me and with the blower and got shit in my eye! Thinking of suing😡
It doesn't matter if you were drafted this weekend or your just starting out, being fueled properly helps you perform at your peak
Will do. I need ruby slippers and a good witch first. The hunt begins.
Ok, so my arms officially hurt from pull-ups two days ago. The price of leveling up
I loved Paul.
I wish I knew what the right decision was right now. I only want the best
"Don't get aggravated. Then the enemy has you by the short hairs." #DeadwoodLifeLessons Thanks JT. I can really use that mantra.
Let's go to OT
Only if they're new with tags
happy birthday to you! See you this weekend!
Don't forget to bring water bottles (with sport cap) to the events this weekend. More info at bit.ly/xsj7sV
tight pants; not tight results.
I'm not a cat person go
looking forward to night at #SDAFFSPRING with LET THE BULLETS FLY
Please cover Pay Phone by Maroon 5. Please.
Do you guys accept credit cards now? Thanks!
that makes TROB the MVP, but not the BEST player. Clearly Davis is most talented and impactful.
Also I want to put some new videos on the site but I'm tired of these wack ass videos coming out of AZ. It's getting worse and worse. Smh.
Lifes jus like a roller coaster
It's good to know that the gum I chose has "been reduced from 5 to 2 1/2 calories" bc those 2 1/2 calories are really counting against me...
Yoga and Stair runs... I swear to God my backside better be an inch higher after today!!
P was sent home today and is suspended from school tomorrow for punching another student in the throat while playing "ninja" with eachother.
"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." (John 8:12 TNIV)
thanks for being here for me (: your an amazing best friend <3
Justin Bieber <3
Or I could just move to NYC and ride the subway. That would help a lot
Can we just pretend that I did the writing portion of my science homework?
Taking off for London.
HELLO :-) I MISS WILL N GRACE. . .JACK N KAREN SPINOFF IS OVER DUE!
Early this morning before I went to bed it worked again.
Damn… was catching up on Foamy the Squirrel and the site went down. Apparently i wasn't the only one…
we must be related. RT I'm so lazy.
I wish I could say sorry to you but I don't know what for
The power of call and response at work in Lyte shouting out songs and artists to get the audience involved and on the One
We gone get this money
There isn't anything funnier than watching midgets run.
all the things you could do with us if you lived here!
so nice to wake up in austin today. headed to SA and later for an 8pm solo show... see you there... x, joseph
omg jalapeño-stuffed olives
If you really want a good workout, try moving a 3-piece couch set up 3 flights of stairs...
"black tie invited" wedding? Don't mind if I do!
Actually a busy day at the ARCH computer lab. Helping with resumes and short story writing.
me too! Here's to a prosperous 2012 and beyond.
Everybody used to pull my hair back in the day.. 
OH DAMN I GOT THE STRESSED OUT SHOULDER LEAN GOING... ARRGGGHHH
Anyone in MN used ? I'm intrigued...
#best90squotes life is like a box of chocolates u never know what you're gonna get.
You say its too late to make it but is it too late to tryy
did you see 's keek? Omg i feel so bad for her!!
I'm already taken
vague tease.
I'd rather smack someone than protect someone from being smacked.. *shrugs*
#prayersforjess please pray for a lady named Jess who is fighting cancer. Pray like she's your sister, mother, daughter.
I'm so excited to see how this goes down!
I don't love Austin just because of his look. He is very talented and he has an AMAZING personality.
I WANT THAT HAT
No work. No play.
My boyfriend is cuter than yours. Deal with it.
Chilling out in St. Michael's on a dock watching the Caps and boats with a beer in hand. Brother getting married in a few hrs.
I'd like to say that I've lived my life without regrets. That I've always made the right decisions. But hey, I'm not Tom Cruise.
-- ...trying to get to the annual right now. I am going to pass on this one more than likely.
I can't wait for P.E.P. too! But I'm also excited for your little bun. :)
you're cool
At fletcher watching my lil cousin run thru these boyz
Holy crap!!!! I just got THE CARTER IV !!!!!! I am crying that's how happy && excited I am :D
Last for
you back to 100%?
Three kids at the doctor today for check-ups. Phew...we survived!
“: Getting drunk with my cat #YOLO” hahaha
I MAY LOOK LIKE A KID BUT IM GROWN ASS HELL TRY ME IF YOU WANT TOO
#That1FriendThat just happens to be ❤
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me. ~Hebrews 13:6
Haven't downloaded it but doing it now. Thx for the reminder. I'll update you soon!
I keep my gun on my night stand. One in the chamber because more would count as homicide.
Chili cook off this weekend. Will I kill myself again? Stay tooned.
Correction folks! Todays PBR's at are $1.50! Sorry for the mistake.
we have several different kinds. Dr. Neale would know better than I.
could buy a down payment on a car, a trailer (lol), a lot of chicken nuggets, 200 slices of nonnas pizza.
I see you noticed that I have a stillborn fetus attached to my head....
Mom: Who wants to go to the store? Me: I do!!!! Mom:Alright but dont ask me for shit! Me: Nevermind then...
Hm... After a certain someone, I will try to live
who is that dumbass fan!!!!
Time to gym, after go to Orlando !
Beat that ball like it owed him money smh
see u out there!
Cant wait into it get hot so i can clown
I'm holding you to that.
Did you also know that in my very first on-air I turned it back to Roger Crozier, Sabres goalie, instead of Roger K., radio jock?
GM #rise&grind Thanking God 4 being blessed & #TGIF Gettin ready 4 work, last final 2day, & then back 2 work. Everybody have a great day!!!!
and Happy New Year. I absolutely love that I saw you pull into DD. Made my day.
Priorities in the fridge. Nice!
-Thanks baby yup yhu knw I love yhu no matter who say I dnt-!!
Working on a script about a double transplant gone terribly wrong: JAZZ HANDS!
Burning the midnight oil and accomplishing some travel tasks. woohoo!
Jcole cuzzin came to my job today. I woulda prefered him actually coming but i guess that 'll do
My heart is closed until further notice
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
Our pleasure! Looking forward to your updates :)
But look at the methodology: Each of 37 plays meant to be from a different country, 37 different languages.
I can't imagine! Dangerous packaging
Mario v. PETA is absurd.
"A REJECTION is nothing more than a Necessary Step in the Pursuit... of S U C C E S S" ~Bo Bennett -
Music, movies, TV, gadgets and other forms of mass distraction: Follow on Twitter.
RT : Confidence is what happens when you've done the hard work that entitles you to succeed. -- Pat Summitt
soon as he step in the arena gone here nothing but boos
I need somebody for that 3,000 tweet.
i really wished it was! It had to be one of the best nights ive had in a while! And u want some followers?
vodka please :)
They jealous. Do your thang. Let the minimum wage females do what they do best hate.100 # salutebadfemales
Hey, Are you at Home Depot Center? Or watching on tele? If you're here, I'd love to meet up.
is not mean,she is beautiful and nice and sweet.So stop hating on her!
Going to the company holiday party with tonight. I'm worried he might dress better than me.
Carlos Rogers with his 2nd pick today... You suck
you going to be okay?
Aw, Cal went 0-3 on Wait, Wait :( I'm going to fanfest anyway...
I want a guy who runs miles just to find you&calls you every night to say I love you, a guy who calls you beautiful even on your worst days
and u know this man
I'm glad I didn't stress. We found out she had epilepsy, Chiari I Malformation & kidney/UT malformation.
Thats not you bro.....your not ruthless.
I decided to burn lots of calories today...... I set a fat kid on fire.
Month* RT You guys realize that the last play is ALL ESPN is going to talk about all week, right?
Need to work on creating a seamless system for user on library website. #il2011 user experience is about the feel and feeling!
Very glad! The bullshit is for the birds! Haha. Lets just have fun &&be happy! <3
I'm so cold!!!! Brrrrr
Is it 20 free articles per month now? I didn't see any explanation of that on the website.
It's sad when your so called friends let their friends steal your stuff!
cant trust you
Healing is a fundamental longing of God's creation.
Reading Ready Player One. Adding near future cyberpunk 80s nostalgia to the list of things that seem no-brainers once someone did them.
No problem!
Who's going to win the Golden Boot?
Happy Birthday !! xoxo
Of course you will get a drink. You just need to get yourself to Seattle so you can hang out in Belltown with us.
Thanks for supporting #kc arts. We appreciate it.
LETS GO CELEBRATE
Guess what? I always follow back! You don't need to ask. #dontworry :]
I don't work with any good yellers.
I am so sad I had to leave 30 Rock before this interview....
I sometimes get yelled but ignore it :D
will you ever come to California ? (:
You the best I ever had.
Yes, mostly geography classes at PSU, Lewis & Clark, Willamette... also a bit of international & women's studies. past life :)
lacing up the strings for the first time in a few weeks
Don't chase after the wrong things, they will take you in the wrong direction.
High school drama sucks !! >.<
cautions breed cautions. Bet they say that gonna be a few more wrecks
LMAOO! RT : I hate how it is...but it is what it is.
ha ha I wish I could tell you... Jamie handles that side for Gio. I have seen his name everywhere.
I can't believe I'm awake at 8am and can't fall back asleep. I think I may have insomnia
It's Alex and me because it's a PREPOSITION
Thanks i'm checking it out now!
Huh. Apparently not all offer WiFi. Isn't illegal for a coffee shop to not have WiFi?
Surprised how believable Justin Timberlake is as an action hero.
Well, been in Seattle less than 3 months and have landed a house gig at My Greek & Italian Restaurant in Tacoma two Fridays a month.
#BNoticed has power again. We are back up and running. Thank you for your patience!
I'm going to send you guys an email in the next couple of days explaining what we do and how we can help in the future. Best
Jim Knight, Chubb CIO & Chair of SIM is leading a strategy discussion. Marketing & Leadership Dev. are priorities
Our last Google trick for the week: Type in "askew" into your google search. We dare you not to tilt your head.
We will see if it works :) RT PRESIDENT OBAMA IS LYING ABOUT SAME SEX MARRIAGE
orgies or pants off, dance off?!? Because both are awesome
It's VERY bad. And probably the reason I hated Alex Karev the entire time I watched Grey's Anatomy.
Really could have done without the picture of Amar'e's stitched up hand!!!
Our 1 bedroom 1 baths are 660sqft. Monthly rent is $1180.00 Rent today and get $100.00 off your monthly rent with a 12 month lease.
Good times last night!!
are you still going to do younow tmrw? Thats what gets me throught the day! #excited (: ♥
I just found out about Brandon Inge. Now we'll DEFINITELY break this losing streak.
Raise your hand if I'll see you at the premiere of "The Shittiest Movie Ever Made" at NMF5 on Friday. 9 pm. Sooner Theatre.
Editing change files, listening to hip hop. If anyone tries to interrupt I might have to throw down. Thanks
#marchmadess is in full swing ! Join us tonight as the Ohio State Buckeyes take on the Kansas Jayhawks!
Haha congrats on the GMAT studies. Which schools are you considering applying to?
Run complete. Contemplating dragging a lounge chair into the shower. Great idea or greatest idea?
I think your arms are tired when you can barely get your suit top off after the swim. 2500 yds straight sets
RT : I have an opening for a marketing/ PR/ writer person - full time if you know of anyone
I call it soda but being in Rochester aren't we supposed to call it "pop"
I want to go lay out in the sun! This office is cold and I'm bored..
no, she's probably gonna say no though, cause she let me get my lip pierced.
come on now sis
COME ON PATS! LETS GET GRONKED!
So what's the deal with 'American Horror Story'? I've recorded all the episodes but haven't watched any yet...is it any good??
Game over. KU has no answer for this offensive onslaught from Mizzou. No doubt who wants this one more. KU playing very uninspired.
Disorganized personality style may be risk factor for burnout during internship
Anger is often a big signpost that points us toward areas in our lives where we feel shortchanged.
plug in stereo!
Stephenson, and yet again she tweeted vast, scattered, various, and incalculable
Wow -you filtered 19 of my 20 reviews.That makes sense since I've only been in business for 5 years.They have to be fake. Great system
Picked up VMware vSphere 5 Clustering Technical Deepdive. What a great book! Well written and will be reference for years!
same here! I PAY taxes because I EXPECT services like top tier public schools. And its all for
Things have to go bad before they get better
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 251
dudududude guess what zack ryder and eve are back together
Awesome! Are you guys on campus? I can meet you in 1/2 an hour.
The Pilates Method of body conditioning is a highly effective workout technique that strengthens the body while engaging the mind!
“: just walked in the room. It just got real in here! #LiveFromTheBarrel” I'm so real. And so dubstep.
you is important haha ;)
My 20,000th tweet was about being a flagget. Am I cool yet?
- Strange request, but think you could take a photo of the Library Pub/Bar from Pub Stop for me? Can DM you my email to send.
Lmfao we are literally horrible.
I may be high as fuck....but....isn't #kobe supposed 2 take that shot?...or Bynun @ least?...or Pau....did I imagine it was it Steve Blake
Agreed! MT : Everyone should. : Non-profit peeps should go to #SXSWi panels they wouldn't normally go to.
it's the new black
Thing about most people, they all screw you over in the end.
I wish to do something great and wonderful, but I must start by doing the little things like they were great and wonderful - Albert Einstein
The author curiously thinks there is no politics in academia?!
It is like a sitcom, but with ugly people.
founder of the Treavor Project has a YA anti bullying fiction story called Treavor
Makes what Zito did even more impressive
it's like school pictures where they'd never let you smile how you wanted so you end up hating the pic.
Finally getting the library all together. Book displays, bulletin boards, books, posters, yay!! Fun times with awesome library helpers :)
Off to see Avengers in 3D to help me forget about the stupid Mets and their stupid closer.
booked his flight and hotel and is officially going to the Rose Bowl!
"I think that's it..." "36 seconds"-GZA haha yes.
Username: Password: Remember Me Create Account IJ Login ...
bout time! Geez..
RT Anybody know where da APS building iz uptown?? -On Uptown rd & indian school w /across from bus station thing lol
Hello #Pottermore, it is so great to meet you!
I hate sushi.
yes please visit! : )
Going to see The Devil Inside. I'm ready to piss myself lmfao with Lydia and Tommy
RT : Hi , I just found you & will request a beta. Here's how I'm building my #SelfPublishing team:...
Up early & I'm back at it-Stalley
And thank you for your support! RT : Thank you for a lovely evening & delicious meal! <3
Bahaha. Can't wait to take a look when I sit down later tonight.
She loves me, she loves me not, she loves me, she loves me not. She loves me!
The Android app, with it's flawless function and media is model for others to follow.
reading these tweets just gave me a panic that it's Monday not Sunday. Ack!
been there, felt that & got the t-shirt to prove it.. lol i feel you pain bro. Ima DM you my number
Good Morning TMDers...the Spurs wax the Jazz, the rest of the NBA playoffs, Junior Seau and more coming up on The Morning Drive
Yess im baq tweeps its been a while but the tour was a while. So wyd
I can totally relate. ;) “: #ThingsIGetAlot "Maddie before I knew you I thought you were a bitch. But now I freakin love you!"”
CAN'T WAIT TO C JACKSON MEMORIAL
Wine tasting flatiron 920 broadway street. Today at 230
RT : my BB is acting weird again, email will be the best way to reach me
any chance they can go ahead and get Herstreit and Musburger fired for explicit OSU homerism.
Yes.... I'm still waiting for the m.ciddy footage. Any idea when that's dropping?
Bookslingers! I love me some Morrison as much as anyone, but the post-Nobel period is ripe with stinkers. Is the new one worth it?
so good! And it was with the manager of the store, she's super chill and hilarious! So it was awesome!!
holy poop! (yes i just said that) ah. AH!
Iconic, much-loved Central Liquor sign has vanished from F Street. What happened?
Content is what I do. Can't have thought leadership without putting your thoughts out there for review says
That moment when hard work finally pays off :)
Baby, you don't know you're beautiful<3
Omg! tweeted right after i got his ringtone! Talk about creepy. #neversaynever - :ICameToWin:
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean what can we help you with, or teach you to help yourself?
Hey #Teachers! Come get tons of free teaching resources from museums who love you-- 4 pm, Hilton Trianon ballroom 3rd floor!
If we're going to reduce the cost of healthcare, treating vascular disease early is one way to do it. -Dr Wong
Wonderful time at Blogs with Balls--keep eyes peeled on GQ blog for photos of Laura and Erica!
I mean I'm not having any coffee. Blech! >_<
Awe, forget what I said then I still got it for ya. <3
Let's make love and listen to Death from Above
Loved the ambiance and the fantastic paella! Thanks
“: will be speaking on the panel at the #Coverings2012 Trade Show today!”
I hear the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near you.
“Then you shall ordain Aaron and his sons. “Bring the bull to the front of the tent of meeting, and Aaron and his sons shall lay their...
30 minutes to AF game with 95 posted so far with consensus on Toledo & over so far with more posts to come
Haha I need off sometimes so I can get that b-roll as needed! Plus thank you for the b-day wishes!
Phil Steele Day = Christmas in the summer. RT: Only one more month of this out of date 2011 Phil Steele magazine taunting me.
no, we have to save seats in the van! It's a must.
Are you tenacious? “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
;) you know it!
Right! RT“: i can't wait to get out of ben davis.”
Robert Moreno, Sr. is speaking. So is future Republican CA Governor Meg Whitman and CA Ins. Commissioner Steve Poizner. My favorites
How does network time *as* "bursts" sustain the "public"? The question of "what" constitutes a public has now become a question of when.
-- I think I'm getting the hang of it, and it's pretty awesome Have fun on your upcoming adventures!
definitely great conversation in the class and over dinner!
I'm the youngest person in my French class and the professor is letting everyone know. "Elle est la plus jeune!!" This is embarrassing.
library til I pass out 💊📝
Any day I have a job and can make some money is a GREAT day to me!
send me some of your tunes, musicman.
Maxwell: more people engaged in multiple paths of research from open data and OA mean quicker commercialization
"I don't like that beer"-- Stop using this excuse
ha! Ill always be one in my heart!
Doggie playdate and short run with this morning! Not sure who is more worn out, me or the dog!
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be rising from the ground. Like a ScyScraper.
>:( A LITTLE BOY CALLED ME A WEIRDO...Well hes not kinda rong?
it's gona be legendary :)
quite-funny headline in automat: "Poor Bret Easton Ellis Laments the "Cliquey" Publishing Scene...in The Paris Review"
What do you think of Herman Cain: 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate?
Sick of being ignored tbf
We are now accepting vehicle donations through V-Dac. Very exciting! www.v-dac.com
haha sure;P
bad roads in SW too as I was returning from
Exellent. I'm doing a couple other summer trips, so July looks best on my end... looking forward to a getaway.
Ahahahaha Muahahahahaha #TimUrban my arch nemesis goes home! Just as I was starting to enjoy his awkwardly awful performances.
Allie did the same thing last night!
not cool, I know my twitter and IG wouldn't be the as good without you.. And I don't even know you :)
Congrats to , T. Kail /cast & crew of Magic/ Bird opens ton. on #broadway. Magic & Bird on red carpet- interviews on ESPN
are you guys getting married yet
: Why do you hate that song, if i may ask?
Happy New Year everyone!
WHEN KEEPIN IT REAL GOES WRONG.....DAMN I WISH DAVE CHAPELLE WAS STILL ON THIS VIDEO WOULD HAVE BEEN A PARODY
when did you enter? I've read online that if you wait until the final deadline it takes longer.
It IS. And also not a surprise ;)
CJ Sapong will score..when he comes in.
Ocean race accidents stun sailors as probe deepens
Thank you for the #FF!
is it weird that i like Tom Cruise's acting more now that he's a bit looney?? you know you secretly love him too!
Been busy with rewrites. Just heard. RIP Blake Snyder.
Just set up an eBay account with proceeds going to St. Lucia and Dominica :-D Retweet me!
what it do unc...Seahorse said what up? U know his old ass dont know how to work this twitter shit lol
that Macbook Air item is from 2008.
The avengers Dbox in 3D for $10 yeah,? Heck yes I'll go!
Just found out that Travel Channel is re-airing Mud People tonight!!! Show your love again tonight at 11PM EST, 10PM CST, 9PM MST, 8PM PST!
'katie if you were black , you'd look like Rihanna' you would .
16 more hours till I go to NY
Unfortunately, most of these music videos don't go with the songs. :(
thanks! Weather is so nice
Hello hello baby
It's over. My tweeting thumb hurts. Now time for the 45-minute parking lot battle royale...
I've been on a S. Maharba kick lately, and that's where I grabbed the music. The animated gif looks like it's a loop from a Méliès film.
is still in shock about being assumed to be somewhat older than he is...test ifttt
Was briefed by Sec Donovan on #mortgage settlement stabilizing market & delivering $790 mil 2 NYers
I love being home in my own apartment, I love this living room
thank you Stoudemire for missing the shot 
Hey peeps going to our room/studio to Jam! If your interested! Hmu
Financial Aid Info Session for Study Abroad at 11 am in Talley 1202!!!! See you there!!!!
i know believe me i wish i could go but i gotta run shit at rosatis haha
Delight yourself in the Lord and He'll give you the desires of your heart. Bible
Well the only two acts I was hoping to go on just got the boot on #AGT Guess no reason to watch after Stevie Nicks performs now
This will be a great series, wouldn't be surprised if this one went 8 games lol
I wish bestfriends were like money for u can take them and check which one is real and which ones r fake..:T
The #RedSox are killing me. I love them, but COME ON!! Play baseball correctly
1 out of 2 americans live below the poverty line...still staggering!
boom. Also, hover effect to make it easier to scan. I bad mouthed Raphael a while ago, but it worked on the first try, simple.
omg, let me know when you do! WE ARE HANGING OUT!!!
. prods and their brands can change/evolve & should, as long as all stakeholders (customers) feel part of decision
I hate writing summaries in Spanish class!
Finna go to sleep
Alright #wwf I need you to stop giving me butthole letters
Great session tonight for !
but, how much of a different skillset do cakes and cupcakes require?
I have suffered a great many catastrophes in my life ...most of which never happened. – Mark Twain
Wearing yoga pants while cleaning... where do I put my iPod? Do I possibly need to invest in a fanny pack?
Its okay:) Lol i just felt like sharing that:PP && i miss you!
$3 Bombs and $6 Riverwest Pitchers today at Libby's Lounge! 1682 N Van Buren
crowd is a whore. She's with you when you're up, booes and derides you when you're down.
#Whitney the bodyguard
CAUSE I'M RIGHT DAWN!!! ADMIT IT!!! YOU BELONG WITH HIM!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
We going to Ohio University": What's doing tomorrow night!?"
That hat trick attempt by Messi was absolutely sick, almost slow motion
you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your friends off on your saddle. True.
I did and that's all that matters :) I left you three on Facebook :) didya see? Love you boo
#IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo everyone that supports local businesses! You guys rock!
Mascot fans: How many years has the Challenge been going on?
when are we going to the park
that could work (;
the first person to ask me if i'm ok today is going to get punched in the face.
Welcome to #MastersPOV E. Gustavo! Glad to have you join us :)
thinking in terms of US & new media activism since video & various embraces of tech + organizing impulses 4 street actions
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 512-391-2331. Thanks.
Wishing you'd come over my place...after while..
Solid breakfast with
At , wearing a tee, drinking a Sculpin. I love San Diego.
Oh im sure its the food in chafing dishes that's luring you. That always rocks.
Glad to hear that the President of my country (whom I voted for) thinks I should be able to get married. Now, let's see the laws change.
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment. ~Heywood Hale Broun
This====>: Where all these Heat fans come from tho...I honestly respect Celtics but u Heat niggas are the definition of dick riding
I'll be down for a game! Considering I didn't even know what #usmnt meant. I could use a lesson
haha wow this is not where I expected this conversation to be going
RT : RT : I don't know which is yummier, the sushi or the boys from
follow back? =D
#twogenerationsgap more about not making a song in 30 years
Now you listen here, I'm goin in that there pit ya hear.
Stop assuming u know a persons life thru their tweets!
you aren't following.
Today from #KISS joins as well as to talk about being the Blazers rep at the Draft lottery!
RT : Big Momma aint get her foot cut off for this RT : I want some of those Birthday Cake Oreos.
Hm I think the real question is given the relatively small amount of cash they've dedicated to payouts, what will they do w/the rest?
Totally thought today would never end . 😓
wonder what else is in store for me tn..hmm
Single by choice, not by chance.
In the eyes of God, I am his testament!
Gn Twitter and FB friends/fans!!
Almost have enough to buy my ChachiMommas , can't wait! :D
