Are you looking at C? RT : months, once we've hit 20.
Hey all :)
Thanks for being a great Deacon. Best of luck!!!
I'm not sure what I've done. But, thank you!
of course!(:
ITZ OFFICIAL LIKE A REFEREE'S WHISTLE BDAY BASH GOING DOWN RITE NOW 3D LIVE @ ZODIAC LOUNGE
Third The Dark Knight Rises Trailer
One of the Greece Police Officers who ran into a burning apartment complex to save the residents' lives is on with us now!
RG3 Food Statue made of Subway http://bit.ly/Ik5QRE
I'm A Put Like Alot Of People's Twitter Names That's HUGE MB Fans On This Big Poster & Have MB Sign It Then Tag All Y'all In It (:
you did this how?
Hustle while you are young is what I say, so you can sleep as long as you want when your ability to hustle decreases.
how's #FashionWeek Girl?!?!?!
I keep all my concert tickets in my batman wallet. Am I cool yet?
oh u musta had the baby! OOF LETGO DRINKS ON ME LOL
RJ, Sorry about your fork! What location did you get your takeout from? We want to follow up so it doesn't happen again!
#10ThingsIHate evil, crime, excuses, lies, mediocrity, injustice, abortion, abuse, poverty, shame
Apparently they do give tickets for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign
Don't follow be a leader! I always have that in my mind when a person has something cool that I want! I get it but have more cooler
Reminding everyone to devote some blog time to world poverty- Blog Action Day is this Wed.
geez thanks
Private show on the 9th and 13th!!
There is a superb looking owl on the tail of a Frontier plane I'm about to get on. Now you know.
Our neighborhood seems to be awkwardly friendly. A neighbor just knocked until I got out of bed to ask me for our landscaper's number.
Let me know band details about next March!
Rainy day in #LA...what's your favorite mood music for dreary weather?
These aren't your standard houseflies ya got here in Portland. No, these things are unmarked helicopters.
Weird mood.
well damn just tell em how u feel!
thanx for the follow! It's almost Friday...weekend plans?
Fans are a lot happier today than they were this time yesterday. Let's see what the #ravens do today
Is there a new Family Guy tonight?
better game than I thought. PS I love the MECCA, the Bucks should play here.
I wish I had an ipod.. it sucks not being able to listen to music..
There's still finals of course, but yeah last day of classes.
Summertime by Simpson is my favorite summer song.
I didn't get a kiss on #nationalkissingday I'm a tad sad about that.
you cool though. Still your baking is suspect, but you're cool...lol just playin.
2012 film watching! #30. The Artist (Hazanavicius, 2011). Just a delightful film! Really enjoyed it, was not dissapointed.
So so sorry about the passing of A. Breitbart-prayers to his family-thanks to God for Andrew even for a little while.
yea i mean i don't know if that is something to be excited about..
only of there is cheese involved..
All you have to do is win. Nobody cares how you do it. #Packers have played up and down all season. Playoffs are a battle no matter what.
Brilliant talk today
Who says YOLO anymore
Another great day shooting for #TribecaFilmFest !
FYI Bacon salted caramel is absolutely amazing
It was only a matter of time: easel. ly lets you make infographics that have NO relationship to the underlying data. /ht
Nothing really
i will have to check them out thanks for the link.
In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion. -- Albert Camus
They have about 11 libraries and 12 publishers, and all have an equal vote.
if true cost, including externalities is reflected in market pricing.
#LSU “: Chargers have agreed to terms with fullback Jacob Hester on a one-year contract.”
Thank you for spreading the word!
well either way your truly blessed to have two jobs in times like these!.....
you can't sell them.
However, I can recommend at least 5 masturbation-inducing Tex-Mex places in Texas.
#np sabotage--wale. one of my favorite songs right now
can you please notice me?
Omg have not seen an imax movie in years.... The screen is huge
Racism still exists and, to some extent, always will, but some brave people helped us to diminish the power of hatred and free all of us.
down in the rainbow room at the auction. How long is the game gonna go?
Remeber to keep a small circle....... fuck that, people still gone have something to say either way
i figured by now you could stomach a hit piece, but I assume by antibodies you mean time to spring into attack mode; predictable
lol so u Spanish now. But me and meeting up at Brittany's for a study break around 9 if your bored.
Why, hello allergy season.
I should really start to change my life around Cheergirl<333
nice piece! Focus on process not the tech! Not only in what we teach our students, but in how we teach!
Time for some weekend fun! The most high energy party in #Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail -
We need patches that say that! lol RT : Hounddogs of Distinction!
RT Well aren't those just darn fantastic! Say, people could use them to get to the this weekend for Art Fair!
Cool Picture :)
Every time I see someone w/ a sticker on their ball cap, I want to go "Oh, how embarrassing; you left the sticker on. Don't worry. I got it"
RT : Lack of government isn't freedom, its chaos.
Dance with each other today. You will never be too young. Or old.
I live my gairy toes
head to the Isle of Wight!
Tomorrow is FIRST FRIDAY!
bit moody today. i'm not a big fan of being single :(
of course. We live here in Austin. It's not as thought we're going to trash it then go back to NYC. We'll be responsible.
Cant sleep T^T
On our way to the gym. Quiet & focused bus.
a game right? lol
Love William Heath's vision for personal data; shades of Doc Searl's VRM, but not sure mydex implimentation is right approach
Just had a fascinating discussion about regional theatre and the role of the director. That's a huge can of worms.
Yeah im a bitch, but that doesn't mean you have to treat me like i'm your bitch.
that has got 2 b an amazing sight. my son is autistic. take a pic plz!
i know lol we shud go again soon
and thanks for the RT by the way. Always appreciate your tweets and blogs
This nigga just told hulk to smash!!!
oh my GOD
When I drink tea I always talk in a British accent. They hate me at Starbucks.
RT : Arc of maxi-tornadoes may stretch from Lincoln-Omaha-Sioux City-Des Moines. Pray they hit farmland. 75-100 tornadoes?
LOL! I wish I was smart enough to make money off my discarded corks! Not me, flattered I came to mind. :-)
on tour with Ulysses Owens and Steve Wilson in Canada. We are Inside Straight.
My mouth dry ah
Another beautiful morning in cold Buffalo...will have our personal twitters up soon !
thats my brothers nickname too lol.
I got them to! I haven't smelled it yet though cause I don't want to open it!
"A guy proposed to his gf during my concert" on one of her favorite memories
I see that Poetic Justice is a #tt ... that is my movie!
what's up with BWW giving you the option of ONE of four: ranch, blue cheese, celery or carrots. Celery is a $1.50 at Walmart.
I'm afraid not, Liebling. But if you guys go out afterward, let me know.
Thanks, Jennifer!
Note: when watching Secretariat for the first time, have a box of Kleenex handy.
Hello all :)
Wow-nice memory! RT : 20 yrs since I first saw Marianne Owen So thrilling to see her & Amy Thone read Old Times tonight.
RT : The Little Tokyo building that Chef Bryant Ng's resides in is set to be demolished. What's next?...
get ready #Texans u gonna be in
I'm so much funnier than you are. I taught you everything you know.
good morning!!! I woke up in an excellent mood today...hope it lasts all day.
wow to the number one trend
Record Store Day w/o Melody Records in Dupont Circle is a sad thing.
RT God is all compassionate & loving, knowing that we are human & bound to make mistakes. ~ H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
Interesting that mainstream US beverage companies help support
Finished the book. Great oral histories in there. Then read Cometbus on Berkeley bookshop history. Two unique places!
What's with this weather?? 40 degrees and all rainy...
Congrats to on being named Pitcher of Year and on being named Defensive POY by
you da best, thank you!!
Hey #cwcon folks: Just cancelled 3 hotel rms @ the Brownstone conf hotel. They were sold out, so if you need a rm, hit the phones!
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
Ugh. That sucks. Sympathies.
Agree. Thoughtful & inspiring. RT : Best session of the day: Create more value than you capture, by
Despite my delay induced 10 min connection in Austin, my bag and I have BOTH arrived in Phoenix intact.
getting ready for TAFA - if you are attending, please stop by the Max & Ruffy's table and pick up a box of our treats for your favorite dog!
Nice to meet you.
Recently discovered your podcast and I dig it! Had to go back and get all the past episodes. Well done. Cheers
#sales "tips" and "techniques" are useless without the correct mental/emotional foundation. Can't build the roof first. #psychology baby.
Reading a quote on Twitter and thinking: "story of my life."
So my daddy won't be coming to Disney Land with us. Sad but not surprised.
best day ever followed me back
Back On this Twitter shit
.not did i .verb the is carpool. noun the is pool car ???know you did
No matter where life take you and I, you will always remain my biggest role model, and biggest inspiration. I admire you.
Your ear thingy.
Good Morning happy Monday
Yea that's definitely true. It's especially difficult when the system itself is against him. We'll see what happens at Tampa.
no good
Luvd Good Burger!:) hey ur music's Awesome! ur nxt big star! wish u best n ev thing! keep singing!:) my sites up!annordoeman.com
she really don't look that age....
Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!! PLEASE repost! I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; )
FINAL from John Sessions Stadium....FINS 13 Famu 8!
If you can't afford your habit then you prob shouldn't have one!
Data on Panamian shell companies easily accessed on Internet. Azeri President's daughters set up several. They got monopoly licenses
WHY DO I MAKE MY LIFE SO AWKWARD ... sheesh
what is it??
Oh Sharks :(
Oh yeah, I forgot. I meant 182.88 meters?
Farewell to Anthony Parker & Jamison. You didnt teach the #Cavs anything about winning but you did show how to take a beating with a smile.
Elisha is a close family friend and I'm glad he got to be a part of a Final Four. Wish him the best.
I think the x Reebok kicks should be called The Predator SBz.
“ im feelin myself. hope you feelin me too. God forgives & I don't. unforgettable dude”
Kicked out over a nacho? Haha
But The Way The System Has Corrupted Meeeeeeeih
Good Morning Fashion luvers!!!! ( ;
laying down. Going to get dinner with the mom and Tyler. :-)
don't make me choose. :-)
The Artist won best black and white silent film
Please do. That would be immensely helpful to many. It's always a good thing to learn other people's workflow. /cc
Boston Market :)
Don't leave....
yea it was kinda crazy .. The little stuff definitely was huge.. Pause
I'm going to come to your house and shoot you in the leg, but if you call the police, I will start a war with you.
thank u amigo
no heavy drinking for me either...woke up @ 730 this morning with a hangover lol but I will have a foot long
San Francisco as a city. Sucks
Off to Portland #IUBB goes!!!
Great article about where the BI market is today. My colleagues at think so as well.
It's happened! I stumble across a fascinating ethnographic project… wait -- it seems familiar… oh yeah, they guest blogged on SM!
All perfectly still in the air, pre-storm, so that pickup basketball--ball v pavement & chain-basket clang--sounds almost ominous
Yes, just with a larger board. You cruise more than you do tricks, although you can trick on longboards :)
Every scene needs a layer of subtext underneath. Hidden emotions, goals or agendas.
sad ending! but good message
Got an iPod Touch for christmas soo happy i love it!!! :D thanks mom & dad <3
I can't wait to be a dad.
great! I don't think it was the Teflon though ... It may have been the shield made of velvet & steel
thanks David.
great visual!
benadryl is saving my skin
Stay scheming Haha
I love the Gigi Salad and I'm just hoping my picture makes the transfer from Back Bay.
thx for believin in me bro I won't let u down/u r a true blessin. As well as the rest of my team DFE
This baseball game has turn into a throwing arm!?
No doubt, it's the mustache.
Thanks Donna for following my new project :)
Imma lax god
The ability to understand Lil' Wayne
Do you remember your favorite concert?
Seinfeld is a timeless classic
Right! Wasn't it 2nd or 3rd most-watched show or something? Yeah don't get me started on literature haha
Wonderful to meet you at dinner Sat and to hear your panel discussion at DBC. Will be putting those points into practice! xo
Hey I have officially challenged to a boxing match. I have acquired sponsorship. Any ideas?
Thanks!! I wasn't sure which episode was going to belong to I love #ABDC and ! Gonna be good!
At this very moment (give or take a few minutes) 4 years ago Lucas was born while at the same time we watched on the weather channel how
HAHA u r a genious! I called you a genious, have u faint yet hahaha
RT : Act like a lady, think like a man
Still horny...
Mord Fustang tonight @ Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!
if u follow me ull make my dream come true... plzz follow<3
okay sounds great. Let's hope it's soon.
this team is not invincible man.. we can beat them if we play right.. that's what's killing me smh
egos need to be left behind on both doctors and ePatient sides.
I've been waiting years for a steampunk band w/ a "coil section" to emerge.
Please stop SOPA.
ha! I know what you mean...but due credit goes to their design/mkt/pr team for a younger line...competition for ann taylor loft?
The best part of a membership? Taking the kids to the zoo in between appointments
Wow! A giraffe's kick can decapitate a lion -- via
Another bingo spot filled.
Not sure how the DOJ justifies this whilst ignoring amazons monopolistic business practices.
PLZ CHECK OUT MY FIRST #BLS CHAPTER IT'S IN MY FAVORITES! AND TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!
Brownies are my weakness.
Who gon stop me? Huh
4 reminders / day to use that camera. Catch someone's vulnerability, uniqueness & style while yawning & stretching. Gotta be ready & quick!
Now that House lost most of its CoStars its just not the same anymore...
tell me about it. I got 2 tests. Which subjects?(:
bahaha I think it's hilarious! It made my day! I'm going to hell...
I'm back from a restful Spring Break. It was so good to be still and remember He is God-and nothing else should be! He restores the soul!
comet almost working
Finally some good news out of D.C...The Real Housewives of D.C. will not be returning for a S2! I make a better housewive than they do!
no problem, it was fun =) and we are haha XD and aww thank u! <33
wow thats awesome!
are you heading to #NGS2012 ?
thank you! What an amazing experience.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. -Napoleon Hill
#Daytona500 that didn't take long. It's gonna be a long night.
": ahaha damn that's weird but good, hope he's treating you right!" oh yeah, Thank you !!!
I'm good just finished watching Rango😄 How are you?(:
Who wants to be my slave
when are y'all coming back to San Antonio?!
nikkkki looks beautiful!!
they'll probably get a fifth from them. If they take hill and another WR late ill be happy
Fish Fry: Keepin' it real since before you were born.
How far along is the construction? Might want to take a look next month when I'm (hopefully) down there.
Looking for a nutritionist in #SanDiego. Any recs?
that's a beautiful picture!
same here! I hate cold. but, I love thunderstorms.
yes you?
Cart barn & bag storage are open for the day! Hope to see everyone out on the course enjoying this beautiful weather!
ORCID and OCLC's VIAF? Q: "Will VIAF names be given to ORCID?' Rous: "No..birth dates in name authority records raise priv issues"
RT : Good luck at state boys!!! I love y'all! Make me proud! 😊❤⚾
Why do people ask u to send a picture of urself to their phone when getting to know u for the first time?
At work I saw this roller coaster enthusiast he travels around the nation riding roller coasters... He was pretty cool!
hahahah!!! i would die Tony
didn't see him fallin this far.
Maybe a reality show? "Patron Wars!"
Did this girl on AI just ghetto dance....twice? Ewwwww
St. Patty's is like every other holiday: an excuse to dress slutty and get belligerent drunk.
Not liable anymore
<3 feel better punk
so you're tellin him there's a chance
Hey, thanks! Eager to hear what you think! I still have to figure out how to tweet as a fictional character, but should be fun!
Something so beautiful is waiting just for you in LUCI.
Hang on....God does not mess around. U will see.
Lmfao. A coffee pitstop is absolutely necessary though. Otherwise I may not make it o_0
Did you bring a good book? Or your Kindle? RT : Spending my day off renewing my driver's license with everyone else born in May.
Now that's funny! RT : At least Tim Tebow can now say that he's been fucked. (via )
14 hour work day yesterday....ouchie
E1.1 is giving me so many research ideas (beyond/besides the dissertation). This is why I love conferences but need to learn focus
What do you think about politicians using social media? Pros, cons? Email
Check out our new watch @ www.brotherapparel.com
. quoting from years ago : 'They don't understand. Text is not data. Data is all text'
Am I wrong, when I see "must have agile methodologies" on a job posting, to think, agile is the new Rational/UML?
#MyMaddenCoverVote is LeSean McCoy for just giving Reggie Bush the business on TV ... better NFL player BOOM
YOU BOSS CHICKS COMING TO THE #B.O.S.S JEWELRY MIXER THIS SUNDAY?! 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATL, GA 30303 #BOSSUP!
If you're #privacy conscious but don't need to hide your activities online are you painting yourself unnecessarily by using #Tor?
I'm so tired
Can anyone tell me if #SessionTweets are still going? Their website looks... quiet.
is currently having a mental breakdown cleaning out the entire yearbook room.
extension go for another 3 to 6 months and the amount should be the same unless your ex employer tries to change it
We want to thank everyone who took time to volunteer with the Xavier chapter & helped build 11 homes in the past year.
cant bother with all that drama
What the fuck is a "young professional" anyways??
When you play a joke schedule & your kicker has 3 attempts on the year you don't deserve to win on a game winning fg
Cubs are snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Again.
' you are so welcome & thxs for the great art link ! #google+
Are you having drain problems? Call San Diego's Drain Cleaning Experts from Xtreme Drainworks 858-583-1798 visit us online www.XtremeDrainw…
kills the power play, both teams back at equal strength
The Holy Spirit is Flowing thru Unity LI as a spiritual revival bringing light, peace, healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches.
Well my emotional mess has been let out
He was cute until he talked. Ahah 😂
I'm buying my ticket to the drake concert in about .7 seconds don't back out on me
Its not too late to pick up some last minute fiesta goodies for #cincodemayo!
Hahahah I hear ya. But regardless, the dudes got serious talent.
It might come back on, you never know.
When tour hits Chicago, it needs to play the Broadway Playhouse. Just putting that out there now,
My motto was always to keep swinging. (Cont)
Tomorrow will be great
math is hard.
Thanks for that question - we are working on new ideas for the Coke Dealer. Have you seen "Blood Tribute?"
Random Follower Appreciation post! Thank you ALL for following!! SO many others just like Cait & I are in NEBRASKA! So that's amazing!!! <3
This concludes euchre njght with and Courtney from not-twitter. Good times.
I'm your and that's it, Whatever. I should not have been gone for so long, I'm your's and that's it, forever.
bored ass hell
F-H expanding in SoCal; DM me for info; various positions
my B, I never saw you..
Lol loves it! Happy Friday ladies! RT Hardest working women in the world!
Thank you RT (:": ": Last track meet of the season." Good luck (:"
Everything seems to be falling into place I think ?
Happy Birthday!
Gm tweeps $alute! Claim your dream and it shall be granted.
Austin dangling from the magnetic scrapyard crane: “Help! Help!” From the first of the Austin Chronicles. 'Austin'.
Webpage not available. I went through Network Diagnostics—no dice. Says it can't help me.
Perhaps he's a brewer?
thats great girl:)
wait...there is food there? Never seem to get past the wine Cc
I only made 65$ tonight so it balanced it out. Only thing I hate about not having a set wage.
All Of My Heart - Sleeping With Sirens #nowplaying you still have all of my heart.... The small divided &independant pieces at least <//3
True I could see that.
Im Not going thru no management to do no music wit a rapper...Fuck wit Me directly...if You grown enough to speak for ya self
yeah sorry! Does Paul McCartney really have to perform every year? He's like the Randy Newman of the
how've you been Dee?
oh yeah
walk the folks dog around there all the time on the back way up to Toe Jam! Great little Island
thanks for the heads up!
I am glad you are following me, good man!
Hey have you heard my bands new music?!
umni don't know why i sent me that
Though then the cast of another will never come to our shadow again. From the great outdoors to just saeting at home every day and nite.
i got you sum traks dont charge me now lol...hit me up
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my future husband. ahem...
Decided I won't be going to in DC next month, after all. Hope to hear about all the great programs I'll be missing.
I SORRY. I have to tell you something you're gunna lose your shit
Great time at the Central Library last night with amazing other YA authors! Next YA author event is April 26--go!
Sat between Pure Prairie Leaguers on way to
Should be fine. Be sure to mention u got the # from Malik's cousin, Rob-Ski.
At the
This is a day of reflection and to thank for searching Salute to everyone involved in this capture. keep it real
¡Go Ravens!
i jus stole ur picture g:) its on fb
; vocal lessons.
RT : #NM #ABQ Last day to sign up for Business Writing for Administrative Professionals...
Happy 26th Birthday little lamb! lol I hope you have the most fabulous birthday and many more to come! I ♥ you so much! =D
<guilty, as charged!> Happy Friday. RT : It's mostly needed for smartphone users...!
Get your TEBOW T-shirts today! www.tebowtees.com
cut a ticket give a way promo from a folder full of misc. audio files last night, came out good to!
Love the new photo!
giggles wildly.... Stops, remembers, then giggles again.
I bet it is announced at WWDC when that happens in june or july.
Healthy debate between Sen. Kehoe and Assm Nathan Fletcher. #cabudget Crowd is mostly pro #redevelopment so kudos to Kehoe for enduring.
thank you man... I'm sad I'm missing it, but then again, not sad at all
RT : #Creativity should be an #Actors best friend for it allows us to solve problems, and most importantly...have fun :)
Your brand is also the sum of all interactions your customers and prospects have with your company from front to back!
First night of #passover, when we have a long dinner to recall the ancient story about leaving #Egypt for
Very funny lol. I hope Jerry is too. I am cautiously optimistic The Boys have TOO many problems for 1 draft to fix. 8-8 2011
hey buddy heard on dino you were great
Amazing. RT : It's now confirmed: more than 60,000 tickets have been sold for tomorrow's game. Merci à tous les supporters.
I typo'ed "taste;" no loop around the sideway interpretation second meaning there, don't waste good analytical time
A drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, i was praying that you and me might end up together <3
everything about it. Stunning.
hey I hope you have a great day at work
RT : POTUS jokes he's thinking about running GOP debates as advertisements, "without commentary; here you go."
no, it's not. In his defense I did really fuck up. But I did all I could to make it up, and he won't let it go.
We're looking for a few more water-loving people to try out our new waterproof iPod nano. Who's interested!?
hey, it's about time you get on
That awkward moment when you realize you were talking to yourself.
Cultural Anthropology online course < Twitter, Tumbr & Facebook . -.- #ProcrastinationAtItsFinest .
he meows
The Female audience continues to have a higher video completion rate at 74% versus 67% for Males.
Thanks for the love!
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all my mommies , new mommies an daddies who have to be moms too I salute you mwah !
That's a bit of a stretch, Ralph. They were 28th in D rankings last yr. I do see them improving, though.
Hi mariana! Thanks for following. THe main event office number is 561-712-1113.
Why's that? Haha
Trying not to freak out about the indefinite Sherman Minton Bridge closure. Guaranteed commute chaos.
Ha ha ha! Thanks for the larf and I hope you're having a great weekend!
This always involves giving up ceegars, taking up jogging, and drinking diet colas.
Let's go then! :D
fun doing what? Tipping cows or making out with your cousins?
even though your mad at me I love you!
In management class. Looking forward to guest speaker.
Obligatory standards, City of New Orleans and Chattanooga Choo-Choo
Jesus doesn't care about football, remember? And there are definitely NO mustaches in my happy place.
People need to grow up and start acting there age life is to short to just throw it all away god gave you life for a reason...
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
“: Do you really think if someone...?” Bored and wanted to inquire about random sports rumors. Too lazy to check StumpTown.
Where's in all this?
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeyes over that bitch wendy. The funeral is at Churchs. You going? Im takin the subway.
U so full of shyt. I been home. Dnt front for ur
I'm definitely meant to be a history major.
lego's seem to be the top as of now LOL
I miss the Old austin days but I'm happy for the new ones too!
Seattle bound and tons to do.
Wow. Just got a City Proclamation from in honor of our listeners' support for ! Thanks, from the kids!
** People are strange when you're a stranger **
Realizing that life would be so much better without him.
I hear if you wait 42 minutes for the 42 bus the meaning of the universe is revealed
What is Cloud Computing & how can it help Business-Tips & Tricks--www.businesspundit.com/cloud-computing-for-small-businesses-tips-tricks/
Happy for Joel Skotte, a linebacker from Bend, Oregon. He's a tough guy and I'm glad he signed with Oregon St.
LMAO ": I feel sorry for whoever I end up marrying."
hey how are you doing?
Twitter. The place you go to complain when no one really cares.
All I want is to go to a ranger game.
Up since 4a due to hotel thinking I asked for a personal wake-up call. Getting punchy. Just wait til the reception opens ...
RT : Q2) Do metaphors always help, or can they hinder, understanding?
Excited already for services this Sunday !!!
Are you staying for the Welcome Party tonight?
Join mine and ill join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
haha. If I get bored I always have Jacob to keep me company ! Lol he'd come see me..
Monday, Monday.....
We'll be announcing our Foursquare mayor & winner of a 1GB flash drive, shortly after 8AM tomorrow, December 9. Make that last check-in!
LOL, why are they just now telling us this?
the only water hitting my patio is from the rain blowing in sideways. It is nuts out here.
I'm a bit thirsty; I think I'll go rustle up a big glass of Frog Juice.
Idk what busta rhymes was saying .... But I love the song
Mets Game
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 38
Basically she wants nothing to do with me...
Just spent 6 hours in the library finishing up this competition project.
keep making their fans proud. Great win.
“: By the way, I love your new photo! Really gorgeous!” Hey! Thanks! I'm still loving yours too! So fun &colorful!
& Looking forward to welcoming to Dr. Paul Smith, Prof of Cultural Studies (GMU) for a keynote lecture “Commie!”
RT : Oh god this chick on #projectrunway cries like every time she's on camera lol wtf
8 Lynn students, inc. Mike, headed for Dominican via helicopter. Being met with food and clothes. Then will take private plane to S. FL.
"you keep the sunshine, save me the rain..."
I don't wanna be lonely no more...
do you know when or if you and Jonah are gonna get together? 😊
A man's gotta have priorities
What a game! Go Wings...
my cuties are NOT for kids...
Well , I'd like to say good luck in the printer biz. But if my ESP7 is any indicator, you've already failed.
Clones are people two.
Designers/Developers: I have an invitation. If you'd like it, get in touch.
I LOVE YOUU please
Fantastic! I'm deciding whether to wait six months for the US edition to come out or just to buy the UK one now. :)
I want to be serious but he dont so there for I'll keep my goods to myself. Its not like I havent gone without it before
dont go then :(
Real men cry, besides girls love seeing a boy cry they can't help but confronting you(;
Not really, I was just wondering if you were going to have the audio files for the entire show or not.
Haha :) love it!
Nerve pills are worth their weight in gold.
This week's been great, 800 hot meals, 1000s of sammies, ~500 toiletry items, ~90 showers, ~40 loads of laundry for the #homeless!
Today is so busy for no reason...
sollyfeni StanCollymore hope you get reported you poor excuse for a liverpool fan Whats happened? Livepool fans used 2 b 1 of best about.
Ty for including us in your paper.li
Strolling round UCLA north campus before a tv talk & affirming my appreciation of sculpture gardens.
We let drivers see so they can learn from mistakes, but don't worry, most of our riders are 5-stars! :)
I need an investor for my restaurant...
think I saw ninja and got excited lol
"Balance" is different for everyone. There is no perfect tool.
My friend is selling a real "COACH AND LOUIE" bag at her garage sale 70th St and wethersfield ...cheap
I loved the new episode of BTR<3 I'm so excited about this season! Glad to see its back ^-^
exactly !! You can't go wrong with dubstep!!
That's good
I knew that was another name for toilet I just didn't know it was in German
If any whore was really intellectual.she would be pimping out her brain and not her pussy..
Its so hot in my house! Its worse than outside smh
I done came down, hold up, grip the grain, roll up and your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause I ain't trying to control her.
miss the Great Karnack!
Hey, hey, hey I'm on here with you other Tweet folk how's everyone's day??
Sure, where's the Double-Follow button?
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to show people the texts going betwen and me right now.
Nope. It's the improved you. RT : Holy shit someone created a parody account of me?
too bad i'm out of itunes money
mix of almonds and dried cranberries! crunch & sweet
My friend just got encaged.
Thanks 4 the mention!
thanks Mike!!
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo. -H. G. Wells
you're awesome!!!
Damn is so beautiful!!:)
so help me, if you EVER implement native OS X Lion Fullscreen… *menacing glare*
Don't we all have a secret?
going to see the bf soon <3
RT : If happiness were the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich? << Good question!
What u quote is the media mantra, & there are plenty of errors. I'm not saying he'll win, but Paul's going to surprise ya.
This is it
What are moms really suppose 2 do
The girl at Victoria Secret said i could be a bra model!>>
Yellow diamonds in my ear, call em lemonheads.
M&A Tip of the Day- If you are planning to sell your business in 2 years, now is the time to start preparing & positioning for the sale...
If you're in the NYC area on Sunday, May 15th, come out to our launch event at Red Bull Arena.
Thanks everyone for liking our page. We really appreciate it!
Naw not yet. 2weeks. You back?
CONGRATS! Cap day is a happy day!
Feeling very Wizard of Oz-ish.
She wants me cause i got you
getting ready for Praise The Lord
The fallout, if there is any, should be interesting. As an ABC news producer, I couldn't even make donations.
STILES AND JACKSON
Can't even do nothing with my only friends ..
Thanks for the heads up. Looking good.
Any ideas on how we should celebrate internally? Balloons from the ceiling, fireworks, marching band -- what do you think?
My mom was yelling at me because I have a thigh gap.she says im getting anarexic-_____-
Lol thanks. I'm glad you missed me.
Go patriots!!
If we celebrate our life, we celebrate our purpose, and if we cant celebrate our purpose, then we know we should find one and LIVE for it.
great! Very excited you'll be here.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly
hey remember that cool T shirt you had on.. the shredded one.. did you make it or buy it ?
It was awesome seeing him play last night. Palmer beat Coronado like 7-1
oops! it was there.. hmm. let me try again.
thanks for visiting us!
You're welcome! See you in June! RT: Thank you! We are very excited to be a finalist for the Showroom of the Year!
Then she use to be loud so the person i was on the phone with could hear , smh
i do that everyday mane .
Late start plus break ones tomorrow, my schedule is better then yours.
I cant wait to watch Battleships w my girls this weekend 😍 omg.
RT : BREAKING: Texas Gov. Rick Perry says he will run for President if he has finished destroying Texas by 2012.
Both. The charm of the act is their interplay.
Got the prefer drink from the perfect person for my sad day. I have been trying to deal with the lost of Marco Simoncelli. I just can't ....
"The difference lies not in the world, but in the filters through which we perceive it."
Erick opens the door to understanding cubans movements and rhythms and challenges you to the next level to find your own expression.
": Masturbating clears the sinuses." Lmfao that's awesome
and I need to deliver some cupcakes tonight... Who wants in? ;) ..... ?
Remember, liberals. The Bible says that all homosexual behavior is wrong, with the exception of 2 hot women kissing.
I'd buy that for a dollar. (RoboCop on DVD)
what for? thats a big advantage for Sconnie.
; calm your tits bro.
... lazy. And Kyu. She was like, "OMG .__. His hair... It is nice. He needs to keep it like that... and not dye it."
There's a trap I'm trying to avoid right now while working with #emberjs: using it like
I bet there's a roomba app, to at least cover the vaccuuming! :)
good girl, now say go lions
still tearing it up in Mexico, btw
"I'm the KING OF THE WORLD!!!"
oh Kimberly...you're here too! 😝
Now you know how opponents feel after you SWAT them @ Rupp and the crowd goes Nuts!
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
If there was a way to guarantee that tomorrow would be a Great Day for Hockey in Pittsburgh, I would do it.
what a wonderful christmas!! feeling so thankful...
#Taurus the country MB will take you to: Italy
u see how the fans felt about OJ yesterday. Lol. He's gone
hey you in Chicago? I'm there Thursday-next Tuesday! Mostly work trip but would love to meet up.
Just enjoyed some awfully tasty General Tso's spicy chicken from the neighborhood China City restaurant.
still remember when Big Ben sat out week 17 in Buffalo back in 2004. I went to the game. Maddox got benched for Brian St Pierre
Reading your book tonight. Brain still whirling from today's talk. AMAZING! Garden world - beware!
The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.
what u send me?
and tweet about.
Im MINDLESS and i followed u can u please follow back???
We love all the guys in and your music!
Yeah- got laid off along with 500 other teachers in Cleveland.
Awesome, I'd like to have them on the show
Oh my goodness! Thank YOU for being you! hehe.♥
RT : Overheard: "Dude, it's ok you can totally have red meat and be ok-it's the green meat...
Congrats!!! Great Job, keep up the hard work you'll be Champ till you wanna vacate that belt !
You guys let's try to go ONE day without using the word motherfucker, ok? Let's do it for Mom.
Everything dies and/or ends.
Deadmau5 is Canadian? Where the fuck did that Come from, eh!
Twitter is adding right to left languages to their translation center this spring beginning with Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew.
My mother is being UNTOLERABLE.
Lexie said mom I farted, does it smell? Lmao yuck! Kids.. Smh -_-
Great! Thanks for stopping by!
YESIIIRRRR RT : LOL DID U GET THE EXIT SEAT??
Now the #Mavs 99-98 loss to #Thunder seems less worse than the #Grizzlies on the short end of 99-98...
Related note: Fouls better start being called on Craft and Sullinger. Seems like they're being given MANY breaks.
4 days to go! Talkbiznow.com launches V2 - The Online Workplace for the Business Professional will be running a live survey of opinion.
It wasn't the 1st book I ever read, but it was the 1st one I ever borrowed from the library on my own & I remember it exactly RIP Maurice.
The drunk txts I'm receiving tn are priceless
Happy birthday So happy to be celebrating it with you an ld
You'll find us chasing the sun!!!!!
With & for like the 23836th weekend in a row. 😁
People are fucking stupid!
do you know where critical mass is by?
GAAAMMMMEEE TIME!! O'Connor vs Reagan!! Northside at 5:30pm!! Come support !!
so far it's been true in this series.
MORNING HAVE A LOVELY DAY! I'm always thinking of you!
I know right! It's not that fun like before. Is your semester over?
Glad you made it over. It was a special moment for the both of us. He loves UK basketball as much as I do. Keep in touch.
Getting rdy for wrk! U r supposed to b gettn rdy for school/wrk as well!?
EVERYBODY'S WHO'S SICK: feel better.
HillaryClinton You inspire me.
Just watched 's #Justplanecrazy & I'm still excited about the job! Let's keep it normal out there, ppl...
It's amazing that they are living inside us and we might just think we are overweight or always hungry but it's a parasite!
Excited for Shotgun Entrepreneurship Bootcamp tonight. Who else is going? cc
is coming to Janesville, WI. Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
RT I am honored to be among the fantastic women nominated for the ATHENA Young Professional Award.
How do you know if the food at local restaurants is safe? Watch a special Sargent Solutions on 19News Nightcast.
Get autographs while you still can - on PBR cans preferably.
I'm worried
If at all possible grab your tickets today! You already know it's going down!
Suffer Little Children of a Lesser God
I've bought from both and they are equally excellent. I have not bought MMs's small drams though.
Sitting in a coffee shop in Austin, TX, on the penalty kill until my wife's best friend's wedding festivities begin.
I honestly don't even care anymore... If I fail, I fail (the test). I seriously an 80% right now. ;alfkjasdfkj
They're equating hardcore coding with basic web editing. My vote, no on former, yes on latter.
you're irrational. sorry bout that stretched anus.
you're right. Last winter was one I wish to forget. This winter has been mild, but I'm still eyeing up my sleeveless shirts.
Jerk that smoke.wagon and see what happens! I said throw down boy!
I think the only two are you and actually haha.
no one ever told me to stay in school, but i stayed in school anyway.
! you do not fail at blogging!
Heading back to Nashville l today... Can't wait to see and the kids
Next up: Monthly utility fees for oxygen.
Today come in for a special Happy Hour For the American Heart Association from 5-7 enjoy great drink specials and Live music..
hang in there! The beach is in your near future!
thank you and Helen for the great customer service.
I want to eat with Luly.
Why are we named Okanjo? Hint: Japanese. High fives, 10 points and three gold stars to the Tweet with the correct answer!
Don't forget TODAY is Administrative Professionals Day!
I'm deleting my tumblr today. Fuck that shit. Nothing is worth that much discomfort.
I loved every minute of it! I can't believe how big he's getting..
Listing to girls in construction saying size matters.....
Welcome to the universe! It's not the same without you!
Welcome to Twitter; Thinking of how to be read, And who to follow
No matter nation of origin, that's red herring. Just distractions from evil/hate. See also Acts: "ONE Race, many nations"
is there *anything* so satisfying, for an academic, as having someone quote back to you the ideas you published?
I've read SWAN SONG. Loved it. Don't know if I'd say more than THE STAND, but definitely on par at least.
good luck! Hope you do good!
How old we're you when you did fighting first
Haha I was hoping to gloat about it to that I was better than him xD
yup I had some much food stacked I it was ridiculous haha
Seski love Oregon hospitality and feathered friend
Would like to forward info to educator friends in DC not on twitter - is there a way they can contact u off twitter, please?
Congratulations Melanie! She won our raffle, massages for two at Lucky Chinese Foot Massage (specializing in reflexology). One of our favs!
so much fun, Robin! Loved catching up with you. Hope you had an easier time getting home.
you should check out Kohl's. I hear they have some fab style satchels. lolwut
Rondo ejected!!! You cant bump a ref....
How do it know?
Happy hump day! Hope you do lots of humping around!
I told my mom to send me to Colombia for 2 months so I can forget everything.I hope she takes this into consideration! 🙏✈❤
Someone just purchased massive amounts of legos and a few coach purses and it so was not me - Credit Card Fraud is way uncool!!!
happy new year<3
We love you, Rick! Thank you for the kind words.
Ever sing while waiting for a conference call to start? I do, but keep the phone on mute.
thanks for following me, kisses. : D
haha well-played
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!
I really miss my violin 😞🎶🎶
no you didn't. >:( Because you're too scared to fight me. :o
I LOVE YOU! I would give anything for you to follow me! :(
Q2 Speaker has to be engaging & focus on different types of/departments in libraries.
Happy belated Birthday!
Tweet me
hello sexi how are u doin
will do. I'll come up that way when we break.
Hockey Question: Do coaches really get mad at players for fighting? Or is it a show?
Jr Smith is clumsy as shit
Follow me, fool! And then get some shut eye for that AP test.
Finals begin Monday. Hope the men are taking advantage of reading days...
High Five to you!!...celebrate national high five day.
This game is hard to watch
I'll be down... Catlanta just sounds right
Think like a man...with all this promo it better be a damn good movie.
I could play in the WNBA if I had a vagina
this "analyst" sounds like he's on strong medication. If not, maybe he should be.
Yes, I meant Aleks. So, is that like a time share for the bunch of you? :-) Do you make him read his books to you?
still hittin the city
Let's go knicks
"Newsies and Phantom and ONCE. Oh my!" (to the tune f/ Wizard of Oz)
Successfully lost one friend and relost another tonight. I never do anything right.
the old guy that wants to bone just walked into my plato class..........
Back to getting classroom set up. Classroom is starting to take shape.
Trying out this TweetDeck thing...
Judy Wajcman: when thinking about gender & technology, we need to be both critical & open to its possibilities for transformation
Manager not manger, manager not manger, manager not manger.....
Love what you guys do! Keep up the good work! Follow back?
i wanna kill comercials.. unless im in them XD
very back like 250ish
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. - African Proverb
Jimmy Eat World's First Album. Phenomenal. What the Hell Happened?
#moviechatters Are you a Action #movies buff? Or are Adventure #movie buff?
hello i will be away for a while so my cousin mirette will stay on with you she is 12 years shes funny and nice and beautifull
I'll use Courtney for the time being and we'll see if it works. Ha!
lol RT : Grats to founders for sticking it to for $1 Billion the day after they received a $500M Valuation
I don't fall asleep, I pass out.
Lol idk they still gotta talk about the date on the wedding
i love you to
Really enjoyed the Glenn Miller music at Yale last night. Wonder where else in the NH area I might hear big band music. Any ideas?
Dick Clark at the age of 82 but ABC has just announced that he will STILL be appearing on New Year's Eve.
Thanks for the RTs!
better start
worst when u have company over smh
Football all day and #Brewers playoffs and my ass gotta work...
ok and I am I swear lol
Summer is almost here Follow for Atlantic City's latest!
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer today from 2pm-4pm at Stetson University's Hollis Center, Rinker Field House
If we changed our name (slightly) would you still love us?
TGIF!! Hope everyone has a good weekend!
I Go Tuu School With Your Little Brotherr. Band Class And Everything. My Sis Luvss Yhuu! :)
No cheese? RT Bacon eggs n grits....
We're tweeting live today with from the ediscovery CLE w/Judges Facciola, Grimm, and Peck in Charlotte NC #ediscovery ^BM
I love #hiphop as an art! There's people out there talking shit cuz I make hip-hop cuz I love making music!! That's one of my hobbies!!
I'm hilarious and I have good music on my phone, why don't I have a boyfriend.
Happy birthday to the best friend a girl can ask for,
Hung out at the Angorium with for awhile. (the amphitheater for those who aren't in the know)
Yes, I believe that a video of the Kay talk will be available online soon.
Getting going in the new year. Looking towards big things. New songs, new videos, new venues, let us know what you would like to see from us
There are some people I know I should never ask 'how are you'? They are never happy or feeling well!! So I ask 'what's going on'?
This Bloomberg Markets article about Koch Industries portrays a company that repeatedly demonstrates contempt for the law. Surprised?Best...
RIP Whitney!!!!! At the warf shopping for some fresh fresh fish for the Proud One tonight!!!! Ladies get ready! Dj spinning whitney all ...
Any #thesiswp folks know if you can filter body classes based on the site layout selected (or column order) in Thesis design options?
my cheessteak poll is currently tied. Who will be the tie breaker?
Union Reinvestment Design Committee Meeting tonight at 6:00 in In Wisconsin East to discuss the Budget
is so badass, he takes a plane for shows!
Martin Brodeur has been a #NJDevil as long as I've been watching hockey.
Wrapping up the swim season in the next two weeks, I want a break!
Kill me now
Panel TODAY : Arizona v. US: What will the #SupremeCourt do? David Martin, Kerry Abrams, John Harrison - 11:30 in WB128
this hurricane thing is getting serious.
oh eric, next time I see you I'm going to purposely forget my filter!!
A lovely and stylish #followfriday to:
but should start the drinking
follow my writing page for the clippers Cory let's go clippers!!!
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. - Michelangelo "
Update on Cam please....And do you need help?
Think Different.
Hal, quick clarification: I missed adding the 'RT' in that last tweet... is the creator of , not me :)
#FridayReads The Odditorium, Melissa Pritchard, . Sofa king good. EVERYONE MUST READ IT. I want to underline sentences in it.
": My main goal is to differentiate what it is I need and what it is I'm simply scared to lose." This hit me where my soul is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOO ENJOY UR DAY BOO!!
See you at the Waitress in 15/20 min, ?
Well they're just out for our divas this year. RIP Donna Summer.
#Nw..Jennifer's Body.
Not enough talls, not tall enough talls. )-: “: ALERT: THE JCREW IN TOWSON HAS A MEN'S SECTION AGAIN #happydays”
How come you are not going for it?
I wish Bombshell was real I would see it a million times !
Guilty RT : My only hope is that all of the people who think they know how a restaurant should be run will own one in hell.
Girl/the acoustic set is getting talked about the most. And the fact that the guys are phenomenal musicians.
I never lie... i just dont always find it necessary to tell the truth!
Lol at the Wendy Williams show staring big bully NeNe
Happening Now! 2011 #Muskies, catch online webinar on interviewing for summer
A quarter that has a dinosaur on it and glows in the dark? Canada officially has the coolest money in the world.
So stoked to release the new demo today
What! MT | : Denver Post is correct. Peyton Manning is en route to Denver to visit the Broncos.
Just bought a new mic stand, cable, picks, and speaker.
Just heard one of our producers found her family's new puppy through one of my UGC segments that air on V cool! & V cute pup!
Whenever someone tells me I dress like a grandpa I secretly hope they choke on the Werther's Original I just gave them.
is missing her dog...but staying warm in the sun!¡!¡!¡!
RT : Can't beat this: #FREE daytime admission on Saturday!
Hey guy, this elevator isn't big enough for your racing bike.
HP, I am so irritated at you right now. Suddenly without a recognized scanner is not how I wanted to end my evening.
First, ask yourself the question-- how is this better than hadoop?
that's how izzy is me and her can sleep for days! Does he cry alot at night?
Why can't I find my air card??
Alaska Air Group Reports April Operational Results - Sacramento Bee
am I Catholic?
Okay Mitt Romney, I see you. You'd never get my vote, but I see you!
:) That's good!
Benefits of Stretching - Better Fitness Daily It’s early and I’m feeling a bit sore and tight. It’s always good to stretch some...
lol already. How is the FAM doing? And damn your kid is getting BIG
Eh gonna be back on my no Twitter shit tomorrow...& time to focus on myself
Don't worry #Seattle, #bartab is alive and well! happy #humpday!!
at the aiport and enthralled with dery girl by shauna cross. how come this was not an anyone's favorite list in 2007?
ilove it =D
Haven't seen this much orange since Queensday Amsterdam! A lot more fighting and hair-pulling too!
contemplating my feedbag instead of my belly button.
Hack to fix a hack? Pairs well with 's Black Tuesday and a little ingenuity. And luck.
Two fish tacos with chips and salsa for $8.49 today!! Excellent Cod!!
#ListOfTurnOns; White Boys, Blue Eyes & a Smile to die for (:
#badconversationstarters So, when's the baby due?
completely understandable. May add you to fb later. :)
I was sick ;p haha
obama is driving past my house in an hour which means I'm completely trapped in and can't get out to go to the gym . So annoting!
S/o to for cheering me up randomly (': You're amazing!
; But what's funny is : Technically , I am texting you , because I use my texting on my phone to tweet . so yeah . Lol .
Funny - I needed this this morning in class. Looking at broken pediments in Neo-class home, wondering where it started!
Today is National Random Acts of Kindness Day! Put 2 quarters in the meter for someone ......What's your random act of kindness?
television of saints
Loving the cute spring-time outfits around campus! Who knew NEU had such good fashion sense, guys included
Starbucks oatmeal and a caramel frapp. My mother is a saint.
The good news: I'm 1018 away from 50K. The bad news: I'm out of writing candy.
Thanks! I read your blog a bit, I like it! I want to get that yoplait granola yogurt now. :)
Why do I always end up never putting the actual date and time of meetings whenever I send mass texts to my court. I'm a stupid butt.
Victorian Halls show tonight at with , , , and 7pm!!
Headed to #Houston - looking forward to reading from PERLA tonight at Blue Willow Bookshop, 14532 Memorial Drive, Houston, 7 pm
Congrats to the ladies lions of for their win today in the TN Final Four.
glad to see them hard fouls in the #nba again. reminds me of the late 80s and early 90s nba.
Just back from Sedona, AZ. Getting up at 6:00am to hike is the best. The colors are something else.
#21CRadio tweet chat is tonight at 6PST! will be giving away some tix!
My mom said my baby gone be crazy like me...naw just an #gangsta that is al.
your welcome your apart of the Team!
we all know that combined score was a guestimation
karen where you building a position on sitting on the side?
RT": Happy birthday to #philosopher Pierre Teilhard de Chardin!"
me too! That's the ones I'm going to get.
I put an aftermarket pipe on my bike. And I'm not sorry.
hey please follow me back. #muchlove hahaha LOL #:D
senses its time for heroes
I'm sorry !
LOL U TOOK THE LAST ONES
tomorrow proves everything ive ever said.
thanks for being super loud, jerkface thunderstorm.
I need new clothes, let's go!!
wow! Deep.
The Economist's new World Figures APP is just great fun for anyone who likes trivia or playing Geography (I still do). Well-designed.
Traci's client Leigh (cut yesterday) called to say she "loved" her haircut! That's right Traci is a bad a#
I'd like to see every girl come to school without make-up on. Let's see who's pretty then.
Thanks for the RTs last night!
Understood, but reading in bed can help some people fall asleep.
Hi! uploaded 2 pics for the JB birthday video :) (Im from the USA)
I just hit my first 1,000 followers on twitter. I'm throwing a party, AND YOU'RE ALL INVITED!
So what events are you attending for #RoseFestival? Use your #TaxiMagic app and we'll be glad to get you there! Why hassle with parking?
On this day in 1864 the CSA government ordered that 1/2 of the freight capacity of all ships had to be reserved for government shipments.
Is chip kelly really going to tampa bay??
Tickets go on sale Thursday. 3 day passes are like $250. I kinda wanna go but the line up isn't worth that much to me lol
so wat type of music do u listen to??
love it!
No, with Dave Matthews.
OMG a Spam Subway sandwich sounds awesome! Ono!
Get 30% off your purchase at Vitamin World! Hurry in before it's too late, pick up your coupon at the concierge desk today.
Tell me about it.She is funny too. I told her she'd make a killing.
Throwing blocks on tweeters like some MMA shit. Don't DM me unless you're serious
thank you! :)
Is there anyone else who would like to be added to my newsletter email list?
so you know who's cool… and dropping' science next week!
#FF to our great staff writers and
Yes, the southwest pilot made offensive comments. But nobody would have heard about it if the media hadn't rebroadcast them.
Full version of Wolfenstein 3D video game currently free in Apple's App Store
we're going to check with the Guiness Book of World Records!!Seriously...we have plenty of pink for people to wear...
": May i see u in boxing gloves?"- purchase the gloves and you see me in them.
RT if u like fish hooks follow me I'll follow u back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Best Tee shirt idea ever... The front will say I'm Single and the back will say.. Ask me about the sex
Im done with my dad. This har got to stop. The yelling, the crying, i just want to have some fun instead me working bt his shop the whole...
fun!! But you know you hav e to have someone who is 21 to go with you tho
good movie. It wasn't the best but still good.
Don't be like that!
Ill let her know <3 (:
FUCK FUCKING YES, HE MISSED THE TURN SO I GO HOME FIRST TODAY
My Pleasure, Happy St Pat Day!!
We just got a great 3 1/2 star review for our latest cd, Falling Together Falling Apart, in the December issue of Downbeat Magazine!
Happy about my single go crazy thanks to all my supporters and friends
This Thanksgiving we are thankful for a new co-founder , our wonderful advisors , and
Lakers Bout To Blow Out The Hornets..
That is so awesome!
Spent all day Saturday at foodie fab Taste of Atlanta -- holy free Robert Mondavi vino tasting. Hallelujah, pommes frites in truffle parm.
You go boy - who are the 8
Come see Artomatic in Frederick - it's fantastic!
planning a long night of projects to get caught up before next Friday.
Beliebers got your back justin !!!
I was. Meetings for a research grant and other intellectual goodness. Now in Houston and hopefully DC by bedtime. So tired.
yes he is but it doesn't have to do with his tweeting.
Writer's tip: Your work space should be just as comfortable as your sleep space. There no need to suffer for your art unnecessarily.
YEP. Lol. I was feeling that.
I accomplished it, regardless if you admit it or not..
is it summer yet?
where do u live?
Check out my brand new video please !!! Tell me what you think!!! PLEASE! www.youtube.com ---->>>>Karissa Lynn
ok. I am ugly thats what you are tring to tell me rigth. Jajaja estripeo
I'm already there
well charge your phone... and call me.
Overtime again. Five games in a row.
Don't worry there is always room for more! RT : looks like you forgot to go to 's always tomorrow.
And the sun shines again!
lunch burrito
appreciate the support!... Stay up pimp!
Happy 23rd birthday to my oldest brother !! Love you Lu!
Yay snow! Wait, never mind, I have to shovel now.
Holy moly, that was a lot of networking. Met lots of great people, lost my voice. Thanks, #DC web people!
Break a leg! Book that ish yo!!
Thank you so much for your donation today. We really appreciate it.
*singing* why why why???? Don't Marry J give it up! HER TIME HAS PASSED!
#Imagine Alex: "Could you please stop talking about (ur name) for just a little bit?" Austin: "I could.....but I wont. ;)" Alex: Gosh.. -_-
": That's why it's so vital for directors to communicate empathically with their actors. You just don't know until you know."
yes goo! xx
I had a blast from the past this afternoon: an orange with actual seeds!
MUSIC TRIVIA!!!!!!!!! Michael Jackson or Madonna!! PICK ONE! ??
cant wait for the voice to come on tonight, i am so anxious
Don't you mean #Amazingly stupid?
MT : WI peeps: get thee to the polls. Work to do, but we're getting it done. Show them money can't buy our state.
: talk about awesome football...steelers fans were torn...2 VERY BIG rivals...who'da root for??
5 glasses of champers & 1 vodka. May be drunk. Time for the night to start.
ry and I just finished day two!
HA! RT Social Networking sites today are 50% holiday well wishes and 50% getting angry at people who spell "paddy" wrong.
Best wishes on new projects! I love being "retired" to do what I wish; retirement $$ will catch up w. me in a few years.
Of course you should get another beer.
Great interface and nice layout for social analytics Worth checking out
Lol ik :] ♥ Anything new or exciting happen or coming up?
It's not healthy to assume
Thanks! There's plenty more to come!
Everyone have a Happy Veteran's Day tomorrow! We salute all the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve our nation!
Freshman's this year = -_-
friend would i ever lie??
Just curious, do you live in Brazil or the US? What a great ministry. Are you connected to a specific denomination in Br.?
i feel bad that i cant follow everyone back :(
Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week!
What was the topic?
Happy Thanksgiving!
At work () tonight, out of all the same old christmas music, I hear come on! MADE MY DAY. I love my job even more now.
lol cause you had the best teacher!
Just got to Dallas for #COLT11 Community Outreach Leadership Training with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network!
Mid-week hustle, make it count!
Going down to south park, gonna have myself a time.
The brigade is officially open. Welcome new members.
Moving to #LA for an #Entertainment Career? #Tweetchat with [ Sunday April 22nd, 7pm PST ] Bring your Qs! |
wow, that is schweeeeeeet. I want.
So glad you did. Maybe I will now, too.
Awww! Congrats austin! I wish i could go!
idk lol i just woke up hahaha and am watching amanda palmer live
There's an amazing amount of people at the beach this morning for it being 50F.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
Absent mom dinner of frozen pizza & mac n cheese prepared. Now to dinner with Don, Jeanne, & . & I must kids, it's "work."
Laying in bed now
Bill Callahan randomly drops some Baby's Got Back lyrics at the end of Smog's Real Live Dress. Most depressing song that ever made me laugh.
Meting tomorrow in Jersey City. Will Jersey City be the new home for my tattoo shop, "Street Ink"....??? Stay tuned.
You are a man of my own heart.
RT : Yo click on live radio on www.yadahdaking.com to hear the interview in a HOTT second!!!!
Lol you are really dirty smdh
if you actively love someone every day of the year, shouldn't you get today off?
congrats on your "investment" - Hopefully we all will be seeing (and shooting in) RED soon!!!
I'm not about 2 sit here and be lectured by u now. :D remember ? ily :*
We'll say its crimson, right? “: Awww! Too cute! I'll forgive you for the red...lol”
Problem solving by generations: Gen X reads instruction manual; Boomer tinkers around to find fix; Gen Y Googles it.
How only my best friend calls me lyss > 😊
Thanks for following back! Cool we share the same name :)
binders are due probably because they were due today for our class
All I know the other kid that's fighting mayweather better bring me a show I Dnt want to watch a fight for only to be K.O in the first round
Same here and YW. ;p RT : Happy Monday Morning Wishes and RT Thanks to
I also made a DeviantArt account. Oh boy. I've been busy!
what is the dance to?
Check me out in this week's OK magazine with Kim Kardashian's wedding details on the cover :)
I try to be nice to everyone I meet
": Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!"And you are playing kball ?
Me: "Mom... dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on." Them: "Ok, cool." Me: "Your shit is outside."
Re: Classic Photography is not Dead. When did wedding photography become classical photography? Not dead but moribund. Let go
mine steaming-.-
Hey are there any new songs from backpackparty coming out soon? :)
I hope so! Definitely wouldn't mind playing the White Rabbit and stuffing my face with queso.
thanks bro! Its greatly appreciated 😁
#rulesoftwitter if you say in your bio you'll follow back... follow through
lmao.... Oh u bogus
Thank you for the Monday morning read, always a pleasure.
Me As A Nerd ^_^
Thanks for stopping by! Happy training!
great #CollabDNA convo today, Kim. Can't thank u enough .. but I'll keep trying :)
you both need to come to my house like very soon, before break cause I wont be home!
listening to old dance songs and thinking i would literally give anything for a couple hours in the dance studio
They were there. I spent a lot of time on them.
#NowWatching Harry Potter :]
Get it girl! (;
going to crawl in a hole.
who should play Rebekah Brooks in the movie? Tilda Swinton? cheers
thx! RT: news nets often pay for cars service, meals, hotels, hair, makeup. a $3 app isn't a stretch.
Eagled a short par 4 today at Meadowbrook. Drove on, drained a 30 footer. That and I've been productive work wise.
the URL was terminated
Antique shop?
UES waiting for my lobstah roll to go. Got my root beer, salt&vinegar, and whoopie pie. Working from 12-8
Well I don't know that well I've seen her a couple times but that's about it but I do retweet the shit out of her. Happy birthday!
yeah baby how did u know
“: The proper way to peel a banana is not from the stem, but from the opposite end.” --- and I have always done this
Likewise! Thanks
tough because the cultural distinctions. Often, they'll agree and say they understand, but really... not so much
I was lost for so long, brainwashed, and held down. Feels good to be free and I'm never going back again.
just trying to make things happen and not let things happen to me,lol
Im going to get a beat machine bruh!
When Pandora doesn't work, i want to kill someone
Stop choosing favorites
I'm a student You blogged about my Beer Pong Table after Angelsn'Entrepreneurs. Permission 2 crosslink on my blog?
sorry greeny... Gotta go with Golic.
R.I.P. Junior Seau..
:-) RT : Oh nothing, just receiving emails from my mother about grammar. Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
is throwing a gent like party at rt now....
yikes! perhaps you should get a new one, & give this one the...
Talking abt customer loyalty & why that starts with a great customer experience
ATTN all non-profits! WOM House would like to support your cause by posting your L.B.I. events for FREE! Call or E-mail us today!
Jummy??! You crack me up!! I must check this place out! You think they deliver to the hood of CI?! :p
Today sucked. I hate my school and i'm not too fond of the 2-faced girls that go there either. #homeschoollifehereicome #bleehhday :(
#France home to the next Islamo Fascist regime
I can't believe its almost here.
Chuck Norris is Luke Skywalkers' real father.
The misspelling of "cologne" as "colon" is the funniest thing that ever happens on the Internet.
Oh you. Thanks, Zo!
Its 2:04 In The Morning And I Cant Sleep !
Do not badmouth yourself or your product in a demo. If you are a bad presenter or your product sucks, it will show. LOL
Mine was funnier :P
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) Implementation cycle - assessment plan, instruments for course design, faculty, student, tech
''Is he your poster boy for everybody you like? Larry the Cable Guy?''
Thanks for the RT !
i choose my own damn destiny!!!!! bitch u can't make decisions for me....only i can so move the fuck outta my way
Time to turn on the creative machine and turn off the social media distractions. Have a great day!
Pens v rangers at 7. $2 miller lite bottles during game
its so cliche to hate nickelback
BRCC hosts Southern University of Shreveport Saturday at 2 for women's and 4 for men!! Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be there!!
how? all becouse i made a twitter so i could follow my husband... lmfao. o lawd. :3
You're thinking of
Wow!! That was a badass game!
I've got birds in my ear and a devil on my shoulder.
For us, the best Christmas movie of all, Diehard of course, but ID4 is still a pretty incredible guilty pleasure...
a second season, Yes!!!
Handout cites Russell et al (2007) article in Science--it's specific to STEM fields
He makes like halfcourt shots
I can't even handle that photo. :(
I'm at #Stanford for day two of the Innovation Journalism conference.
Portuguese plague remedy, 1711: "spirits of wine," mint, St. John's wort, rue, "walnut water," all distilled into liquor. I'd try it.
I don't even know how to delete tweets and I'm already spammed all day long lol. Can I ask u a favor please?
thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
When are you moving to Florida?
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home
When you getting back to the US brother?
Hau'oli La Aloha (Happy Valentine's Day)! Spread the Aloha Spirit!
Finally got my electric back!! 👍😃
"When you have to choose between the truth and the legend, print the legend." Tony Wilson - Factory Records
Well then not doing any more work bring it on ap bio
We should do that sometime! Even if over skype!
Running outside in Dallas weather = bad idea.
congrats! I'm already preparing for her quinceañera.
Just heard one direction on the radio! Omgomg im crying :')
Hail really? Wow!
haha yeah it can be! & i'll talk to you another time :)
Hahaha I can't wait to see this
This is great!
RT : The best time to relax is when you don't have time for it. // Amen!
I just wanna be your forever man, roll a Peter Pan, light it up and let's hit neverland
With screening of Raising Oliver, an documentary
RT :Big game tomorrow!!! Gotta rest up a bounce back!!!!!!
Phil doesn't budge.
Meadowlands elementary student says "FLES is ammaaazzzingg...my goal is to learn another language...I learn so many new things..."
(((Annaliesje)))<~~~Awesome, both inside and out!!
So much great Magnetic Fields banter. They didn't play the 2nd verse of a new song to "save the surprise" for when we listen at home.
Don't let anybody fool you - It is hard to balance being a Father and a Pastor!
