There is a mysterious squeaking coming from our office ceiling....hopefully a baby alligator didn't get loose!!
Gen. Alexander's message to Cyber Command team: "Go faster."
Need a good ole Eugene trip
Hahaha xD it's that ghetto talk!
o freakin m g :-( im jealous
Mostly. Mostly for good.
Early line on Kentucky/Kansas? 6.5?
that 3 by garnett just made someone a lot of $$$ and/or made someone so angry right now
Colombelle Rouge: juicy fruits with a bit of bell pepper to it. Nice earthiness to it as well.
Happy Sunday Fans!
Today was amazing!!!! Period(:
oh wait yes
haha ! Amazing. Lol I can't believe you didn't know ..(: hah
Summer reading: Jack Kerouac's lost novel "The Sea is My Brother," actually written 7 yrs before Town and City; hints of "On the Road."
yea I knew wat u was talking about lol
Going to sign up for a account and see what this is all about. I love new #socialMedia Tools. Bad news it is only an app
we have been told by MTA that they are not allowed to assign drivers to runs - so if no one picks it, it does not get filled
yes! We'll text later this week ad work something out.
Its not so much what we don't know that gets us in trouble. It's what we know that isn't so!
Note to the city of LA: CUBE Cafe and Marketplace is now closed on Mondays. Sixteen orders later, our office PA learned the hard way.
Awe :( I hope you feel better soon
I think I might have to read that. damn dude, my writer hasn't responded to my email and I'm stuck with the art. D:
I wonder if feels stupid now that she realizes Suzie effed up
take the train next time
thanks for the shout out!
where are you from?Do you have any skate videos? We may just be able to work something out. Looking for skaters to sponsor.
I need a fresh ass cut today. I might hit Willow Brook Mall too.
"me and are jamming out to some :):) #looooveitt" that's what's up!!
#rbs11 Jonathan Larson (Rent playwright) papers at LC: emulation of his disks revealed edits in his writings, including in Rent. Nice.
: Hanging at The Marvel Bar with & Brilliant cocktails found. #aam2012 (This is what we're missing!)
Got done at the gym time for some writing.be sure to get a shirt b4 theyre gone!
I think this outline for book #2 is melting my brain.
Fri nights at the Palace in Stallis!! (Knights of Columbus) Funky Dino and Lord Albert! One night only! (till next month)
LMFAO. RT : alot of jerry talk today. haha. my fans are wild.
Good afternoon, everybody, just back from brunch with my dad and stepmom. Very nice indeed! Happy Easter to you all too!
i haven't creeped 's twitter page in a while lolololololol
males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Are u trying to be delivered or discret?If you want to be delivered you need to expose the problem.Being discret can only delay the victory.
Enter on the way of training while the spirits in youth are still pliable.
Easter Break!!
OK, musician status probably downgraded: got my hair cut!!
that's easy, just always have pizza. Ha.
as I sit here at this awards show, I'm reminded of how my last day with you was my first day with
Can't go to see on the 22 bc of my brother's wedding, but my mom can buy me tickets to the Phillies game for the same day?
"If it bleeds, it leads." filled w/huge pix of #MayDay violence; nothing re hours of PEACEFUL protest.
#nf sexy ass #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - when a plane crashes -- does anyone question Bernoulli? NO! Capitalism is like fluid dynamics, it works.
So much for the new overtime rules. No Super Bowl rematch this year at least. Go #Packers!
Just made the baby a bottle. I sure do love that baby o' mine.
Vintage Craig Counsell
10 minutes into Allman Bros' Jessica and it's not even half over.
I have a #brandcrush on Great service with every order.
#NYRangers vs. #Caps, #NYMets vs #Phillies, #NYKnicks vs #Heat and #Yankees vs #TampaBay - big NY sports fans evening on tap!
And we-never-landed-on-the-moon Carl.
your dual credit things haha a packet
Would you guys follow for me? :) She's awesome. If you like my tweets, you'll like hers.
Having a great conversation with social media strategist She's doing awesome work.
- no ma'am apt indeed lol
Today we roast weenies y partake in fiesta-ing..what's the over/under on b boys shirts in the crowd and tributes on stage?
iLove Twitter :D
Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!
The most beautiful-est thinkg abt the trip? The Savages have NO CLUE they are going.
Horrible sinus headache was abated by an afternoon nap and ibuprofen. Went to Hessler Street Fair meeting. Ate some soup at bac. Long day.
I really love video gonna love u.. It has a great message to all the fathers out there taking care of their children
Came back home from demon monkeys in Taiwan
Jimmy who? There was someone else on the screen? ;)
In Enchede Netherlands
easier to label than point out the exact error in my reasoning...do the heavy. Lifting and point out the error if I made one
thanks for the follow!(:
Sports: The Bears Sign Julius Peppers and Chester Taylor!!! Holy Crap!!! Am I Awake This Morning Or Am I Still Dreaming??? Unbelievable!!!
Who will chef the Boyardees?
U know where to find us...
Every time I use an airport restroom, I consciously keep a narrow stance.
Happy Sunday everyone!
"There's no way out till you let me in."
If OWS wants Facebook to be owned by the users, why don't they create a site like Facebook and give it to the users?
F#ck them outsiders
Good catch.
And if you have a problem with my last tweet, then that's your own fault. You know who you are, if you were involved with any of that crap.
so god
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
btw I air-guitared, lip-synched, and did my own wave when you played here. Stop draggin was a true highlight. TY
I'm so tan! I love you sun<3
Swimming with sharks
I will now, thanks for the reminder (: RT: : Have u voted for yet its to get them on warped tour! htt ...
Michele Bachman just received her Swiss citizenship. Yes, Tea-party 'patriots', this happened! Seriously.
If you don't use it I DEFINITELY will...nobody loves a good rape joke like I do.
The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear
Classic cardiac Ohio finish - and this is just the first game of the Big Ten tourney...
M! Diet Dr. Pepper! My favorite!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW UNPRODUCTIVE IT IS TO FALL IN AND OUT OF YOU AS OFTEN AS I DO!!!1!
#Libra are best w a partner @ their side & will always be assessing the relationship. Put their mind @ ease w beautiful surroundings & music
Lakers won we will see yall tomorrow
Emergency Depends alert!! LOL!
Looks like a bumble bee springer
hahaha. yeah.. the only reason i'm still on fb is because a) majority of my friends are still on fb. B) poke wars..
Glad to see you are up and at'em,, gonna be as the Beatles are singing, a Good Day Sunshine... weekend looks wet,, walker
Perfect day for a gambol!
HIGH FIVE.
When my dad starts singing Call Me Maybe with me > ...i have taught him well.
I would text you, but I don't want to annoy you.
I giggle every time Living Social sends me an email about facials.
ugh mane this movie im watching is something else im taking break im getting on oovoo
lucky ass lol
i'm hungry.
rock chalk jayhawk!
RT : Love is deaf. You can't just tell someone you love them. You have to show it.
Soundcard ? lol, i record my music in studios, this summer im actually heading up to boston to record at time bombs studios
Don't forget to rinse after you brine! Let's us now how it works out!
oh i better watch out my sister said she can hire someone to kill me.
Tuesday: All unsigned talent report to Club Pyramid, NYC @ 8P. Be prepared to start 2012 the right way, performing 2 of your best songs! $15
for how long ?!
Just discovered is responsible for the "Ask a Grown Man" videos. Too bad Seventeen never had that feature when I was growing up.
I am loving the #RogerHowarth and scenes.
I am a real estate broker in Manhattan. Do you like to see the info of that kind townhouses in Manhattan?
The United States Customs and Border Protection agency is responsible for arresting individuals who attempt to illegally enter the U.S.
Sunny days are gonna come for you
This Laker game is too crazy!!!
nice ! That helpful. !
yay!!:) <3 are Freddie and Sam gonna date this season?(:
Loving my new Honda Odyssey!!!
Go insane. Go insane. Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Listening to "Buidling a Cause-Passionate Army" by
i want the sun to come outt :)
#sfgiants #freezing yes- wearing hoodie & long sleeve shirt & t-shirt & huge big heavy fleece
Junior Seau found dead in his home. Suicide. Wow.
I HATE THE COPS!!! IDGAF I WANNA GO HOME FOR ONE HOUR BUT I HAVE TO STAY WITH MY GRANDPARENTS!! UGH STUPID CPS LAWS
Let's go Badgers! Bring it home Bucky!
Dubai awaits me!
refreshing you tweets every second for the link :) x
“: Looking for a good tat artist person thingy lol... Who's good in Indy?” -tat artist person thingy..ha!
This party has whole bunch of Justin Bieber crap ~.~
I will get that.
I love how my orthodontist & my family are so close, we go way back! Lbvs
This holds true with the Cardinals getting screwed against KC in the WS. Hard enough to win once, let alone a G7 as well.
Sometimes you've got to set your pride aside.
FEAR = Face Everything and Recover!
- Thank you for following!
you're welcome!
I mean, I'm just tryna get out there....
if they're anything like the people I have recently interviewed... ;)
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tomorrow from 6-6:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter! Each pic gets a chance to win it
I've been playing the new Mortal Kombat A LOT lately.
Do it!
- thx for the shout out re our Karaoke app. Would love to hear what you think about it
hope to see you Thursday at west canada!
i didn't think you were serious!
He does look cute in there. It is probably the weather.
wait, I just turned on ABC to watch #Scandal & saw the end of #Greys. HOLY SHIT!
I hope you were able to do something fun!
Kennedy Byxbee with a nice 2B to left center but is stranded; 5 LOB for Cavaliers thru 4 innings. Still 2-0 GT.
Like my status if you like peeenisssss
Hey do you know why I can't get a photo to show up on my article on the front page?
Is it Mr. Steve Jobs?
basically you get klout, you give klout, your score goes up, and people notice and follow you. would you like some klout?
happy monday! i wonder if is willing to trade plumbing services for hot doughnuts m....
I have cashed 17 out of 21 tickets in the #NBA playoffs, I have another winner tonight get on the list
Shout out to my new follower , he's fine as fuck lol
Going shopping for shorts and new TOMS today :)
I'm surrounded with Bears...lol
I want some lemonade.
Is West Virginia trying to give the game to Clemson, they did have a 12 point lead
mental debacle
Not officially, but yes
awesome meetin ya! Fantastic designs Chad
Get your Breakfast Panini! Veggie, or Italian Sausage, or Bacon with egg, cheese & aioli.
good luck man beast up WPS 479 real talk bro
Instead of screaming i said hello lol
Hey attendees some of our speaker's decks will be posted online, as well as video of their talk. Stay tuned!
we have never been there where is it? :)
LOL getting mad the machine
Lunch with my momma is always interesting (:
I'll get to see your wonderful face everyday!
Is visiting Arrowhead.
Less money in the hands of billionaires, much more for those who make them rich.
agree...btw, I hope this wasn't directed at me... ;)
Psyched! Engaged by Smithsonian to lead Aug 8 panel (@ Kennedy Ctr) w/ CANDIDO - legendary conguero (part of Apollo Theater exhibit)!
lets talk vince young pulling a tebow in buffalo
hahhahah. i hope he does =]
I'm so confused, but I'll give this a shot- BASHH is a monthly happy hour in Austin for people that hate networking events :)
that mix tape goes in !
JUSTIN BIEBER ON EVERY ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY
I never knew what I was going to do with all of this effluvia and ephermera. Now I do. Sam.
What a wonderful caricature of intimacy.
I'll fight you for her! :-)
Today's Special: Pastrami Rachel Sandwich: House made Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Pickled Onions, Muenster Cheese, and Mustard on Grilled Rye.
how about a non-jeans type situation. ideally, those exact jeans, but in slacks form?
Lmaooo RT : Why do you guys hate the Lakers? Are they to blame for most of you having deadbeat fathers?
"Watch your head Shane!!"
Only if Colletti was the Pirates GM.
Our 8 month old daughter can now pull herself up and stand. Wow. Time to child-proof the house.
Awww, shucks. You make a boy blush!
I have all theses colors and no coloring book
Please follow >>>
i love fall, dressing warmer, change of seasons.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Z
Some folks are some big ass Philosophers on Twitter & Facebook but look dumb as hell & b quiet AF in real time
Refresh your home with Scentsy’s #wickless candles. Simply break off portions of your favorite Scentsy Bars and add them to a warmer! #EASY!
RT : Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney have combined into a Frankenstein creature named Nitt Romgrich. It cries coconut milk....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 2
no problem:)
True evaluations need to know the criteria on which to base the evaluation - beyond the objectives in the manual.
Funniest tweet ever.
Key to the heart-The key to your heart lies on the ground. The key to your heart has now been found.
Ugh, every time I hear the word "cancer" I just cringe!
tnx for following me! followed you back.
egad - Vicky Carr too - that's right!!
A fine noise of riven things./ Build there some thick chord of wonder;/ Then, for every passion's sake, Beat upon it till it break. -L.Bogan
Oh and one more thing before I go ! I love ALL my fans, i just can't notice everybody that's why i'm doing this whole new twitter thing.
There are few things more important than tempo control (in favor of your team's strengths).
How do you feel about the economic growth in Peru as of the past 2 years?
Lemme know how it goes - I can def help you- kinda busy but after March 1 I'll have more time. STILL laughing about the mucinex!
but you can't date your teacher!!
yo where y'all at
When you get brushed off <<<<<
“: Lawrence tonight national fuckin championship! 🍻🍺🏀🏀🏀☀🚓” except that 5-0 they don't give fuck they will drink to
Maan if i see one more iphone today smh swear those things are everywhere!!
something indi ish. guitar driven, fun not sad.
i love laced tights i'm bout to buy a whole hoopla of them!
Thanks Matt!
Only on camera only on camera. Lies!! RT : Nigga u eat butt too ": You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt."
I'm tired haha and will anyone give me a shout out
Mane this pack so strong smh lol
I hate you
am I the only one that is completely disgusted by this liberal insanity?
Drove by 's Woodward Window, made me smile :)
There is no definitive proof either way, says my friend, but there is more compelling evidence against free will than in favor of it.
#Reality.. you are relevant to others when you are beneficial to others.. You are relevant to God regardless...Just #believe in him.
“ a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness." you need this..” hahha totally bruise machine . 😔
i ain't attacking you. that's a crazy tweet. i'm just calling your BS movement for what it is --- BS
Mobile brands take note, guests "over-index in mobile” & “Mobile is no longer just a marketing tactic, it is a way of life"
We must learn from the mistakes of others, so that we don't make them same mistakes ourselves.
finished giving payments.. headed to go buy groceries
Dear team, we need a deploy/ship it/tag & bag theme song for sure. cc /
Now I Can Relax
I think you're right. I'll probably just start using it to aggregate visual material already out there.
It's the weekend! Time to put down the mouse, turn off the computer and go outside. See you all Monday. Enjoy!
hm I don't trust you lol
Tweet Poll: "There is no mobile web." Koan or cantankerous?
me and my cousin sarrah act so stupid
YES! I would love to see more work from her. I think she's super-creative & funny.
Woke up at 2..
great draft now its a dream team !!!
i just threw up, because it is so damn hot in Nevada
Great #hcil BB comment from about the ways in which most automated "social" tools are not always proactive. (Recommender sys?)
*buying stuff at the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these?" :) … Me: "NO, I'm just going to shove them up my ass"
Make #MotherMonster a Trend.
Andrea Kates is soo b4 her time in intellect & business models! Love her brain
What has been your favorite part of the meeting so far?
your point? that old team has 1 more ring than your "athletic" team.
one last thing though!
So, in sum: #dcdrinkup, January 18, 6:30 pm at King Street Blues Crystal City, 9:00 pm karaoke at the Skydome Lounge.
Get out to to see tonight! #Chillwave music and special guests Lemonade and Silent Diane. Show starts at 9
Its a joke form a show she was on! Read the article Mr. Trump! Why the personal hatred of the Obamas'?
OMFG YOU LUCKYY FOTHER MUCKER!. STALK HIM, MEET HIM,& TELL HIM I SAID HI.
I'm loving this weather.
Remembering all of the moms who need our compassionate help.
Good morning all. Hope you are having a spectacular morning.
ow! I hope they stop hurting!
Larger studios are branching off into smaller companies to reproduce the indie feel. But they don't get it. -
ok i will when i put q to bed
Let me get this straight, Battlefield 3 has nightly outages?
Starting my hard core diet 2marrow. Need to loose 20lbs in 3 months.. Hard work and determination=success. focused. 😄
Worth the drive. Just saying...
I say no. Then again, I didn't take ConocoPhillips when that spun off from DuPont. Cause oil wasn't going up.
I almost died when I saw it. Haha
thanks to the organizers against crime and commons.
He said that about 400 times during that segment
Taco time $4.50 all you can eat.
Do not skip breakfast! Those who eat breakfast are fitter, lose more weight and maintain that weight loss than those who do not.
Walking the streets of chelsea thinking " Isn't this the perfect place to create a startup". I love New York! ... City that is!
twitter should add a like button for comments
If Blood Secrets by Rod Englert is as interesting as his presentation, it's a book worth reading.
I nearly died.
o.m.g. RT : for those asking yes their is a ticket in some of the #UnderTheMistletoe albums to come meet me on NEW YEARS EVE!!
ol gay ass nigga
Im so thankful to have my Mom! I can always count on! #loveyoumomma #mommylittlegirl #HappyMothersDay #bestmomever 💗💟💗💟💗💟✌
Dallas knew he didn't want to be their, it was their stupidity to do the deal Charles Barkley shutup
They call me Mr.MakeYouCatchaSmile ;D
how was the audition ?
Just slid down a slide.. Forgot it was raining before
Hey hey! I got bored so I thought I would chat with ya'll! How's it goin??
thanks you to!
ha! “: 5 minutes on the balcony for all of you.”
I give up.
your fans seem to really dislike you...
- working hard for them extra credit points, aren't you?!! ;-) good luck tomorrow!
Not gonna let my shithead of parents ruin Lion King on broadway for me, such assholes
just peed on the floor, shez a nasty azz.
Get to help plan my aunts wedding yayy no
Wish I was getting my Insanity on but this girl is at an audition on this fine Saturday morning! :)
Oh, the contract was never approved. The lawyers couldn't agree, but thanks
Kick my ass into gear! Love is my adderall.
1. Digital Consumers: goo.gl/Z9ht2
we had a part to play in all 3 goals - not that they weren't well taken, but we helped each time
Would you rather be convicted by the Spirit now, or judged by God later?
,they are content with just 1 i am guessing
Man. If Young woulda hit that one...
This shit is getting old. So fucking old.
Damn you netflix - you are too addictive with all your wonderful teen dramas ready to stream!
I listened to it on the way to work today. It makes it a new song in my opinion. Its a weird style clash but works really well.
WTH!! You gon have to put a rush on that. Thanks
August 20th to Cannon Coffee in Brookline!
great event and great meeting you ! Prost!
im bored in english girl
Just registered for #ala12--my first one ever! Can someone give me a library job now?
Yes, I just ate ice cream for lunch but when it's it doesn't count because it is so crazy good. Sea salt w/ caramel ribbons.
In VA today and shopped at Potomac West Interiors & Antiques and it's sister store Mor Too Shabby Antiques & Consignments. Coming back soon!
lots to do today!!!
Spring break is coming up, its the perfect time to schedule your senior photo shoot! Contact us for details!
I am the best in the world at what I do.
hey y ppl s put up a pix of themselves other than what they l@ like?
John Lagustina IPA Drafts just $2 and Live Music after 8:30 with Bring your guitar and jam with us.
Who still needs tickets to our June 11 show with ?!
Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you my fan page, where I shall post all work related news FIRST! So please "LIKE" It ! XO J...
where i am its kinda cold :(
Money house blessings!
Pahaha I thought it was lovely
It's the end of Jan and it's suppose to be 70 today, I'll take that
Sorry for the late response! Free delivery from Typhoon with coupon code NOV2011! Yum yum!
So close to 300 followers - today has to be the day! Let's make it happen!
Favorite self control litmus test: ratio of "good purchase" to "ಠ_ಠ" when looking at a week old Costco Receipt
Is Usher sporting a mohawk?
Ok just watch. I said we were gonna come back b/c of Kobe the last time we played the Thunder and look what happened
absolutly. Battle royal is 1000x better. Hunger games is the watered down walmat ver.of this film/book. Book was banned in japan
The Umpress household is rockin' it this morning!
Deff gonna sleep when i get home ...
I miss you more! I'm very excited to see you tomorrow! <3
Christinaleona.com check me out!!!
Been standing in line for two hours for these preds tickets.
its ok if haters follow you cauz they are ur fans..
love it
#ChuckNorris counted to infinity...Twice.
Grand Opening Event Tonight: !
WEEEEEERERRRKKKKKKKK!!!! Omg!!!! This pic is epic!
With chopsticks? RT : Just snatched a moth out of midair. And they say #wine impairs reflexes?
Movies with my mommy. Yay. :)
haha. yeah, my "friend" keep dropping his pants at Safeco. What's a "guy" to do!?!?!?
assume he meant "in a full season league."
RT How come I didn't even know they trying to stop cigar sales in
Thanks To My Parents, My friend Can't See Breaking Dawn With Me -__- I wanna cry
in the rio grand you mean :b
DC buses > DC metro.
Found you hiding out in the moshpit at #etgaga - you shouldn't have been crowd surfing so violently.
And Happy Passover to you too my friend!
Its my biggest pet peeve and I have anxiety problems lol
“: If you wear crocs I'll assume you never have and never will get laid” or if your wear sandles w/ socks
thanks, lady. i look forward to my next post, too! blogging is hard when you're as lazy as i am.
Girl next door.. Great soundtrack.. Great movie
Waking up at 6 am every day this week lol time to make some money
I will tell them everything.
I bet there are some in the bush administration who think when they get to your site, "ah-ha! we have finally found the WMDS!"
MT LA Times Book Prize congrats to & super-editor
love ya more.♥
Will the rift btwen the USL & TOA help lower div soccer in the USA? (I don't think so) - any thoughts?
RT: Well, the #Penguins just couldn't do it. Too big of a hole to climb out of. #gopreds #imsosad// Me too, my Love. I wish ou ...
Omg! WILD night! Miss u too! #RandomFlashBack to wedding reception u, me & the music puttin on a show to Imma Be.
And a special welcome back to alumna Mary Louise Kelly
that packet makes no sense
Cat hair on a cocktail dress. *sigh*
Working on myself new clothing line...it is totally different than my suiting. It is called FAITH CULTURE more to come.
Did you know that in 2010 Romney made $21.7 million, while in 2010 the average senior citizen received $14,000 in Social Security benefits?
feeling super violent today! need to go boxing in lieu of punching someone on the street in the face! ah #Rawr!
Gud morning creeps
don't worry, the only girls who come that nice that can get me that hype you see once in a lifetime and that was my once. Lol
What omg did follow us without us asking ? I'm dying. I love Nate.
But hey at least I will get more exercise walking to places
Yes I'm buying a #ShakeWeight, as seen on TV. Hopefully this gets the reception it deserves when opened at the party! :)
I hate when I crave Jerk Chicken sandwiches after hours! How about you?
really? I use to say the same thing. Not anymore!
just booked my first personal training appointment for monday with thanks for referring me!
good for you, enjoying someone elses AC ...
RT : Looking at what's happening in #Libya and compared to #Qaddafi, I'm actually thankful we had #Mubarak as a dictator.
Make it a '2 cup' morning!
Feel pretty beaten after today's running training. Love it!!
": Listening to Matt Pond PA thanks to " you're welcome! But could you take the Jack Johnson out of the equation?
that's good. Im a chelsea fan!
Vincente Fox then Pitbull. What a lineup at Hispanic Retail 360.
Chat support is very popular with students & faculty.
Do you mind telling me that i'm looking for a co-owner? :)
So fuckin glad its Friday!! It would be really fuckin awesome if you all put us in you #FF's! Thanks guys.
Mitt Romney is Pinocchio... or just a rich asshole who can't seem to tell the truth, ever. Oh yeah, & stop smacking your damn lips weirdo
thanks! How r u?
thank u!
every time the virtual firewood cracks I go to shield my face. It's tripping me out!
I am really disappointed in your printer. First it quits scanning, now the half-full cartridge is malfunctioning. REALLY???
Jets Packers baby!
Sheldon is my favorite.
c'mon everybody only 11 more Likes to go!!! #150 gets a FREE loaf of bread!!
RT : Caps Pens matchup is a gift for the NHL and sponsors, how will brands take advantage?
finally got the follow by seen her rock a few shows. she is by far the best FEMALE MC i have heard in TUCTOWN.
Hi Rich! Don't forget to follow Arthur ! :) !
hubby jus went and got me meds and my mommy is bringing me my fav..lemon rice soup..lol I hope u enjoy relaxin;)<3
Right on !!!! What are u training today
Prescriptive training may consist of instructions, criteria, or conditions of evaluation.~D
Oh no. What happened today?
Tell them lame niggas be quiet.
haha, U know I would never :)
today starts our BROADWAY weekend. two shows in 24 hours.
Definitely not me.
are you available/interested to present on Drupal at MATC Oak Creek again on Thurs. 11/10 :30pm?
Not sure if I should get up right now and start making dinner....nah, I think I will wait
Market Street Sound completed ADR work on the upcoming Jake Gyllenhaal movie, "Love and Other Drugs".
SO JEALOUS.
#90sinsults "Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider." ;D
Hahaha love my friend
Making a difference 1 #follow at a time, $50 per 500 new twitter friends to by easter! We can make it happen! FOLLOW ME!
RT : RT : HOWARD VS SCSU TOMORROW 1PM GREENE STADIUM. COME OUT TO SUPPORT OUR BISON FOOTBALL TEAM!!!
must... have... #sanctuary !! please please please renew !!
is at The Plaza. Places. tagged: All night diddlin'
lol at how couples on Facebook make statuses a about each other. gtfo with that shit.
I hope the meter maid feels bad about giving me that ticket or at least bloated.
well, they may have given him lobster first. they probably gave him lobster first.
Had lunch at the Villa with Mom. Unfortunately we also sat with marine guy. Said he hasn't had company for lunch for a long time. I get it.
I TODAY IS STUDIO! like always #TEAMJUMP its almost done 25 songs all on one project
im sorry i wasnt fun... and also i prefer corndogs over wieners
Twitter Litterer [twit-er lit-er-er] -noun: One who throws all of their shit up on twitter.
"I <3 Social Media" bet - social media fundraising works! Well... but doesn't build repeat donors...
MC'd a program at St Elmo's Village today. Kids from Hamilton & LA high school interviewed folks about their LA experiences 2 create stories
'Everything there is to know about life can be found in The Brothers Karamazov...' -- KV Slaughterhouse Five
Are you in the SC office tomorrow? I'll be there getting helping to get vShield up in the lab.
gonna play badminton with my cousin this afternoon...yay!!
Daniel Tosh <3 how I love him
I dont even make sense
Lmao RT if you think about it, I am probably a lesbian trapped in a straight man's body.
It bothers me when the Gods get to acting like the broads, Guess every team doesn’t come complete with niggas like ours.
*wines to the floor....slow that is..:) *
How stealthy are you with tweezers? Or rather...your friend. Lol
#aam2011 "10k followers, now what?" session: hearing all about how museums got to 10k & the time suck, but no advantages shared yet...
Awesome, thanks so much, Joey! Copying so Rebecca knows about your offer too. :)
They have to overpay someone, so why not Rose?
it sure is.
I HATE BEING ALONE!
Wednesday hump day is what they say! I'm saying it's 1 day till my day off :) haha! Tonight I'm working & them tomorrow...
north mississippi allstars do a good version too. never knew we shared a blues/zydeco love. the L in my name is lee for hooker.
Reminds me how they arrested all those bankers for the bad loans.
My not-yet 3 y.o. son just recited the alphabet backwards & faster than I can. Didn't think he'd surpass my intelligence quite this quickly.
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
Happy birthday If I was there I would get yu some Zaxbys Lolz! Enjoy your day!
Your tired of being pushed off? Well Im tired of doing shit for you!!
Love hearing Wait, Wait, Don't tell me! work through their script for tonight's taping at Might try to sneak in since it sold out
Late night session with Warner Bros Recording Artist
Ha-ha-ha! Nice. My fantasy Vespa! ...or for inconsiderate tools on the road.
Also follow :D
Not sure that is true. Would you quit using your phone for $1million? Think about it before you answer
I sent mine yesterday
I wonder if the lady at T-mobile would've been so nice if she knew I was just calling to see when I could break up with her.
This is one of those weeks where "outraged" players are making me crabby.
Btw, it was nice chatting w/u; hope to see you on the dark side :)
Very interesting stalking case.
I saw you take this picture and didn't think anything of it...
I'm a legend at they school
Catching up w/ a bajillion shows on my TiVO!! Things are better in my house ... :)
Yep, my default is "most recent first and go backwards in time".
Just saw a horse run a red light on 58th St.
judger mode, automatic reactions, blame focused, win-lose relation (Adams)
Solos Endoscopy Reduces Liabilities by More than $570000 - MarketWatch (press release)
Black Acre Irvington will be a must. They should open this week. Triton is in Lawrence, but their tap room and beer are awesome
Doin me daily
People say there is no such thing as stupid questions. I beg to differ
That's the point! Have a safe flight.
Netflix. Get on it.
Finding the right person for the job is a complex process and taken with a great deal of importance and attention.
no one in there right mind lives around Detroit or in Michigan for that matter.
Even though it isn't spelled correctly, Semin trending makes me giggle.
Sounds like a #socialmediadilemma to me!
... it's like Hotel California. You can check in any time you'd like... but you can never leave. ;)
lemme take that back. i'd seen other vids from freeyourmetadata, hadn't gotten to reconcile yet.
I am in need of my aunt "special bag".....
boo for closed, but yeah--I'd love to see the intro if you can email it to me.
ok I am a good guy... All guys aren't that bad.. Hot damn
Why can't boys in america wear chino's... They look so cute
oh no, i'll just put a girl in front of me and the sight of her will make him so uncomfortable he cannot fight.
Carisa Jones is crazy
Normally we only judge a Chef on how good the food is! Tonight . .we judge how hard they rock out !!! NICE! See you at FLUXX for CHEF ROCK
I'm glad I saw it with old-school fans too, so I could hear their positive reactions. I'd expected disgruntled booing, but no!
Chocolate milk is the bomb
Does this mean I have to switch back to KUbasketball now??
In love<3
So true! Thanks for giving me a shoulder to cry on :'(
We are going too. birthday tomorrow.
whas goin down with the track my bro?
I still declare him a wanker ": Okay, I now declare Joey Barton a MOTIVATIONAL GENIUS."
Hearing the lines mad long at power plant! True or false? Real Jersey girls living in Bmore thinking about heading over
Startin to get mad
u arent the real #RocRoyal if you were then how come when un #August you guys said u only have a priv website and this n
Thanks for following us on Facebook. We look forward to great networking in the future!
you ant ever ganna change
Bout to go bowling
why do people talk and have nothing to say? Mood: Confused X___x
Changing offices, now with a window, perhaps this will better help me shed some light on things ;)
will be someone's mother. 2012 really is the end.
true... we get blessed in the end so I take the short stick lol
We will this time Nicholas
I got your follow right here, bub. We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
: miss my buddy ol pal!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus!
Weigh in time.
Thinking about adding a co- owner. DM/tweet me if your interested. (:
Maybe relationships really arent for me
Should never have given my twitter account
Breast Cancer Study Could Change Treatment
The smell of rain with sunny skies, 70 degrees at 7am is pure delight on a motorcycle.
Second change, that's all I'm going to give but Fool me Once, Shame on You; Fool me Twice, Shame on Me.......
Happy wine day!! Or Wednesday as some call it
Dont limit yourself. Room for 2. RT : Baylor, you have replaced Ohio State on my out of conference hate list.
LWhen you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
Who needs money? It is highly overrated!
Hopefully we can make it to the mext meetup!!
Brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow tonight at 8:30 PM on Nick! It`s called 'iCarly'! U better watch it cause it`s so funny!
Would u come to my Birthday party if i invited you? (;
Watching Purple Reign Prince tribute band on my night off. So excited!
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
hahaha! If you only knew. ;) What I need is for you to be my personal shopper!
Where's the picture??? #lazy RT : If Frank Vogel wasn't a basketball coach it looks like he'd work as a _____________?
monte cox facebook, clik on computer, click like b utton just need a couple more thanks have a blessed day
Home, sweet home. About to pass out till it's time 4 me to go to work 2mrw!
And somewhere Brendan Kelly is still trying to tackle Braxton Miller in the backfield.
This doesn't even look like high school softball lol
RT If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
congrats on your new role... but be careful - DWs are yesterdays's news - it's the Analytical Platform making us "Smarter"
Follow right now!! She's stunning and amazing <33
Do u have a facebook? No one here or in rooms had any news
I'm really luvving the green dream house especially the kitchen! Wonder what the property taxes are in the Atlanta suburbs. Any1 know?
"I'm Robert Pattinson and I'm really hot, no big deal."
How can someone who lives with me and not know who Wes Andersen is?
"We have cooperated for a very long time in the maintenance of our own invisibility. And now the party is over" VitoRusso kck.st/rop1Vk
Going back to Paul Vallas' apartment for a drink....
The only things i gotta look forward to so far is graduating then the gus macker on june 2nd lets go
Congrats to you too girl! Thanks KOP Mall for hosting such a fun event! :)
Turned on the #Twins just in time. Welcome, Clete Thomas. I hope you hit many more bombs this season.
A mime...is a terrible thing to waste...
come to school every other day and shit
No prob. Yeah, would be new level of info on how state $ is spent. Might go to exec, if I do, I'll let you know what happens.
S/O to he is a cutie js follow him!:)
go to bed dream of you that's what I'm doing these days<3
Spring rains bring cleansing and nourishment! What are you cleaning out, and what are you feeding?
i thought we weren't in style anymore?
tell that to ya girl
A picture can say so much! But words can express more!
Itachi is technically a zombie.... And some how he is still that nigguh.... lol... That is all
My Kindergarten Sci class canceled, too bad I was not told ahead of time, planning time down the drain & a really long walk for nothing! ㋡
Pancakes for dinner and beer for dessert. Perks of adulthood!
I want a real relationship, i want a relationship where we like each other so much and we walk around making many jealous.
in my mind will become deffen to the whole world though the loud coming of autumn is already here. Though as I seat on my front porch you
Way to walk your talk about openness and vulnerability Keith...Let us know how it turns out!
Fuck your magazine
State of Emergency declared in Kingston, Jamaica
Alex Smith is like Forrest Gump, he sure is stupid but boy can he run lol
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.- Rainer Maria Rilke
Dear Machinarium, I know it's really Adobe Flash's fault, but if you didn't actually save my game, please don't make it look like you did.
Womens perfume, burnt toast, and fishe price play doh? what do they all have in common? theyre 3 smells that i love
WhentheRaincleared,Key peered anxiously2see if the FLAGwas still flying.And so he scribbled the1st lines of his poem:“Oh say can you see..?”
The mountain of nasty memories
you cared enough to respond...
Wow, revisiting The Stoner now. Only did a cursory listen last year b4 getting distracted. Rectifying that mistake now. Cheers.
A Few Questions for James Cameron
how 2 swim?..I'm scared of deep water cuh!
My heart is intact but feels removed from both my body and the state of Texas.
vibrant matter?
Having a few drinks.
I love you so much, that id hire the LPD to find you if Rick Olson ever gave you PCP and kidnapped you. <3
STILL NO POWER SINCE WED!! no heat!! I'm camping!
Well it's raining at lease I won't have to water the lawn. Hope it stop raining before I have to go to work. At lease it's nice and cool out
I am now, goodnight.
#GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon is every bully asshole you knew and avoided in High School. Know what? They're forever bully assholes
The Dartmouth Aires: THEY KILLED IT. best of the night by far, no contest.
Y'all already know what Pandora station in running tonight...
My elective for junior high school is Life skills -_-
I'm thinking we might have to put that off for now....
Finished the chapter in my book on my time working for Red Hot Chili Peppers in the early 90s tonight. Fond memories.
It's crazy how much you can miss one person so much each day. Wish you weren't over 1000 miles away<3 #tothemoonandback #forever&always
Annual Conf on the First Year Experience, yes. It's mix of administrator/staff, faculty, & others who work w/1st years
You don't even know what it is. Call ray tomorrow, he need help paying for his .
2011 planning going smoothly. This is going to be a HUGE ZOMBIE CRAWL! (spread the word!)
Lack time for reading top business books? No fear! Download them to your iphone and plug and play in the car/work/gym/transit.
I have a one unit pass/fail online course of four? five? weeks I have to take. That's IT.
Be your own man and let life come you.
I'm so jealous! I'm on my way to Hooters for the first time lol for a pre-show of my own.
How do you Dew.?
I'm in the crowd and Prodigy held my hand and winked at me aw:) thankyou so much for coming to manchester you were amazing!
And spring has arrived here and getting warmer! Gee it's getting cold at night. Winter is coming :D
Not sure if CNI will record our session but slides yes. Most of the content will be drawn from interim report.
what happened to yours???
Thanks for the mention!! We are very excited for 'The Neverending Story' too! We'll see you in Fantastica!
Good question! I would propose to Mark Darcy from Bridget Jones's Diary! You?
I sometimes put that movie on JUST to hear that zither theme music!
It going to be fun! RT there is a #CincodeMayo party at today
Sometimes I just tweet #NAFSA12 because I like to see my name come up in the Twitter streams on conference connections
#IHate when people do stupid stuff when driving and cause an accident and lots of traffic because of it
Three accessories for eco-friendly travel
been listenin to al night 👌💛🎶
#Relationships sometimes we say things to manipulate others into changing. He is not the one.
How's the day treating you?
What's the turn around on leased beats?
Jef with one f looks like he should be on St Elmos fire with that haircut
...so ready to hear this verdict!
How did you know?
“: I wish someone wanted to chill.” let's go get some food
Good Morning! ... Okay, where's the coffee!
buy me a house in the nutty so we can watch trashy tv shows together.
You have no idea how much I'd love to visit you guys! Miss you so much!
We'd like to wish our President and CEO Aaron Paoletta a very happy birthday!
#Somewhereinthehood this morning somebody smokin' a blunt.
Aww. We love to help however we can! Break legs with the reading! Psst - Young Artists Rock!
WE GO THROUGH TO MUCH BULL SH*T JUST TO MESS W/ THESE T>T> LOL I JUST WANTED TO DO DAT!
About to jump on another "Welcome to the World of Social Media" call with a client. It should be fun.
Took me 90 mintues to go 11 miles this morning. Why, traffic, why?
wow we def gotta catch up soon!!! Like Das crazy
Tf KD35 #playoffs then we see who the best
What a super FUN dance scene in #wiwo tonight!! Trust me, in real life it was even more fun! And did you all catch ?
no I don't but I bet the new site will have that and a lot more health related info. check out fwsjuiceplus.com, thanks
I've been up since 2 tf is my problem
not ripping on the actual announcing. Just joking how they looked like an angry old married couple.
Old frames just not cutting it anymore? It might be time to come check out our Spring Fling Clearance Sale!!
I don't understand why the place hasn't gone up like a roman candle. Especially when it was windy.
No sweep as the Nationals defeat the Pirates 4-2.
#ADTR  livin it up in cuse getting white girl wasted & moshing until I break a bone
I like passwords that are simple to remember, but have nothing to do with my personal life and really complex to hack.
C'mon son!!! You know I left you a VM, get your phone on! LOL
thanks for the update
"True love never Forgets" - the Vow
well you know what they say about opinions. There like assholes. Everyone has one but most stink!
One tonsil totally swollen. I know hot tea would make it feel better, but a chocolate shake sounds like a much better option!
NFL West is not great. Either of these teams will get blown out next week by Saints. Like Rams chances better than Seahawks though.
It went really well.. time will tell.
So who wants a bracelet made by me ^.^ ?
Boutta go downstairs :/ foreal tho theres nothing to do & i don't feel like doing homework :/
I WILL TAKE THE MARTY REISMAN T-SHIRT!
beauty does have a price.... i'll never make it there
... becoming part of the new Buffalo. Proximity to Canada makes Buffalo a center for refugees and other immigrants from all over the world
“: hope it's not u “: 250 lbs of sexy”” hell naw bro haha
Another award winning lib: Orange County Library System (FL) -- drive up windows, roving reference...
Q3) the only way to speak someone's language is to first understand it.
We all have some culpability...but people who support privitization of education and health care should take the bulk of it.
Don't have Diablo, but I pretty much name all my characters Doug. That's my Skyrim wood elf.
oof I bet that was epic. Can't wait.
So happy to be in the crowd tonight. I've missed laughing w/you. Thanks 4 coming to OHIO!
I wish i could ever sleep in but my body just wont allow it...
keep your ipad
Being ignored , worst feeling ever.
Am I the only person who doesn't like going to the beach during the summer? the sun is WAY too much for me
Im Finna Be Tweeting On His Page cuz im board So whatupp from brianna imma get this niqqa tweets up ❤
thanks for the retweet!
Not sure if it's just my computer but that video clip has the sound of a commercial playing. Have a clip of crowd noise?
Jeez I'm so suggestible!
Try KALX or KUSF (both college radio) or KFOG, Live 105 (both commercial). In terms of internet radio, I like SOMAFM.
Girls in white short shorts is like yoga pants on steroids
Thanks to who was a guest speaker for my school's GSA today. :)
Got the ashes today. Not because of the Catholic Church dogma but more for the spiritual reminder of why and what to think about.
Ah. Interesting. Looks like you've expanded the definition of middies for the modern game, no?
I haven't stopped eating since I woke up and I'm still hungry >.<
uh no *Michael Kyle's voice* lol ion feel like getting up from d couch =P
I'm the new era breed.. 2012 with that good $hi.. Nothin in my way..
I know some people cant week to tweet TeamSingle..nobody cares
#imagine Nick:turn around You:why ? Nick: just do it. *puts a heart Necklesss on your neck* Nick:your mine forever
Remember, no Tent gathering tonight. See you next Monday!
Quick whistle (thankfully)
IKR! im tellin her that!! but she wont believe me! i keep tellin her hes not!
Two of my favs too :) Thanks so much.
lol cause she's annoying me and making animal noises
100% less Boston love. But way more jokes about Boston. Hope that's okay.
But on the other hand I think everything sounds good right now, cause I just woke up >.<
Thank you Navy Seals for a job well done!!!
Thumballs flying out to therapists, trainers, teachers even tots. Proud of the huge reach of Thumballs diverse designs today!
how old is your soul?
Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream.
What? What lane violation?
get home to see my mom friend here -.- always sayin somethin stupid
White Castle announces that they will start serving beer and wine in test markets. Thoughts...
": #hesdefinitelyarefif he's wearing a bootleg G-shock"
~ Said no one ever.
i would love help promote an up and coming band...www.popgoesthegio.com
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
Thank you for the anecdotal evidence I appreciate your perspective
The Circuit: YouTube loses copyright battle, bill shock, Sprint Nextel
ugh! those the most obvious ones... you haven't herd "pheel tha phonk" or Twelvy's "dope sample" ... ?
Toured 5 of the 11 homes at the Parade today; each house is a reflection of the extreme diversity of builders www.biaparade.com
Sowing Seed Brings Original Blessings Not Ones that Are Already Expected!
Its fresh off the press. Not even an hour old. Check itout.
glad you think so!
hahaha I will! :)
eh i can expand it and deal with it like that one?
Ha, listening hasn't replaced reading, just complements it. I drive far too much to not take advantage of it.
Since DH & I can't seem to get a date night on the books; we r keeping our sitter an extra hour today to have a happy hour together :)
holy crap! How on earth did I miss that?! Well belated congrats!!! :)
This morning turning out better then I expected.
MT : Loving my swag bag from I was a lucky one got a blue Google shirt! Thank you!
My mommy is making me and my brothers go to bed so early now BO (: not cool
Ever since I met you, there's no one else worth thinking about. <3
No wonder you so amazing <2
I get annoyed easily .
Visit SMI's Mark & Lisa at booth 531 #SfN10 They can tell you about all associated specials with our new 500Hz eye tracker.
all Tebow needs to worry about is the Pert Plus guy!!
Man, what a great nite it was. Mom celebrated her 63rd birthday and now my pops cooks her brunch today. I wanna be spoiled like that.
Glad you had a good time! RT : Belated thanks 2 fun night Monday
Who wanna party wit me tonight only the bad girl party in my circle so if u down hmi
So I spent my day watching all the old Beavis and Butthead episodes and eating ramen noodles. Gnarly day right?
Yuengling spring bock now pouring.
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your artistic instincts.
Thanks for the follow,i always follow back (-_-):)
#LCGrad The senior class pledge asks grads to "Explore and take into account the social and environmental consequences of any job."
#monstersowntwitter paws up (''')(''')
whywhhwhwy stupid computer dying when i'm actually doing work WTF
you're the best. pepper steak w/port-wine sauce, rack of lamb, butternut squash & a pumpkin roll coming your way...someday.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Looking forward to Bike to Work Day tomorrow! My commute will be 18.4 miles. Anyone else headed through the WO&D Herndon stop?
Thanks so much Mark. Have a great day.
I'm checkin' out the Horny Goat Hideaway tonight... I hear their new volleyball courts are the shizzznit!!
Tuesday Thanks to part of our #CIS family
We understand that you can't do everything but don't let that stop you from doing something. Join us.
“: #BandsILove put your V's Up <3” you should also check out .. Our new project!
Lord... keep me near the cross!
I love twitter lets do lunch soon!!
Be prepared: I am coming tomorrow & IT IS MY BIRTHDAY.
awwhh I feel special! :) hahaha I thought I heard wrong I was just like oh? random much? haha
9:30am physics is not a place to make jokes, apparently. #myprofessorlovesJesus and he #speakslife hahahahah
I'm that girl riding the subway with 8 iPads.
today was such a great day :):)
hahaha I'm sorry!
I brought some wedges today they all kind of colors I'm wearing Saturday & Sunday
Just listening to the #bulls game
Happy to have the windows open
Time travel!
You're a pro at that.
Fuck Herman Cain! He's an idiot token and molester
Was up extra early today... feels good to cross a few things off my list before breakfast!
Many thx for responsibly acknowledging bias/Conf. Of Int. Will miss u & hear u after elections.
REFER a FRIEND and GET $8 towards ANY tans or lotion purchase and your friend will receive a FREE TAN to try out one of our tanning booths!
Np I Gotta chick
Is it Wine O'Clock yet? Happy Wine Wednesday!
I love having IUBasketball back. I feel connected again being an alumni and through your insights. Thank u 4 keeping me connected!
yep! Waiting for this install to finish and makin sure your being productive! :)
"I can re-task a satellite, I can get a level 3 NSA clearance...but I can't hack a hick." - Best Alec Hardison quote
I could probaby handle that
I feel like my eyeballs are sunburned.
I really liked Morning Glories.. thanks for recommending it. how many stars out of 63?
I've listened to it a Million times today. Can't get enough!! Love you morreee !<3
I need..
nop capitalist slavery means that to survive you have to consume and work therefore you don't have that choice anymore
: We get it. It's warm where you are and it's cold where we are. Congrats...
sure! make sure to follow back
Just got out of work...getting that bank(:
Someone make a gif of what Timmy was doing. I missed it :[
I hope my (friend) future boyfriend bets and wins big at the #KentuckyDerby!
a elephant never forgets,so my dick remembers everything....
what if???
Founders of #TEDxChange #TEDxDupont Nicholas Jammet, Jonathan Neman and Nathaniel Ru | big picture are the people behind ideas
Killer workout with ! Chest, triceps, and abs! I'm not moving ever! 💪
Totally cramming in songs before Wednesday. Gotta learn them. Today is Sister Sledge We Are Family. Wanna totally know it!
hey D. I truly miss your uggggggs. Wish they were here
I'm gonna talk to my sister this week about it. She has a big house here & would love to downsize.
I'm bringing it back! :P
Angel! American accent for Japanese and for Koreans almost ready for sale at ITunes! Working on Spanish now.
Welp you have 1 other option which u might not wanna hear..more alcohol haha
Scooter Bates?hahahahah
I am hiding from some beast, but the beast was always here; watching without eyes because the beast is just my fear...
Gold's gym still exists?
its almost as bad as the watching a hawks OT
Picking out a Christmas tree today. Will be live tweeting any major findings.
god, I hope will smith makes an appearance.
We're heading over to in a few minutes--join us for happy hour, appetizers, and a great time with your FUEL friends
Wow. Crazy business tonight. Thanks MKE!
That and his reflections on the Pulitzer are amazing.
Sad. there was only 2 and half boobs on tonight's EP. of #GameofThrones. That's an all time low.
Check out my last tweet, which includes a pic of yesterday's
ha! I certainly did. Managed to get some nice shots. Will post tomorrow.
Once the boys start to follow me, i'll DM them. But for now, i can only Tweet them!
I seen tha b4, its nothin new
no way he should be allowed on the plane. That's terrible!
nice how was it?
I learned from that I am part of the 3.3% U.S. Salvadoran population that makes up the overall U.S. Latino population.
Follow to be informed about social networking events in the entertainment community in your area!
Check out my sisters and my cooking blog! W.helloscrumptious.com let me know what you think!
Congrats! RT : SF Business Times just named Discovery & Seeno Homes the #1 Builder in the Bay Area --> 4th year in a row!
Sleep is good :) RT : Reading my colleagues' twitter profiles and copying "sleep"as something I love. Props to Sherene and Kerrie.
Bring me to my knees Lord I lay me down. Rid me of myself, I belong to you!
Looking for a venue to host an event in the next 2-3 months. Must be in LP, RoscoeV, Old Town, Lview area. Suggestions?
Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine (replaces LTD 5)
Great pic! Come back next weekend and that wool will be all gone.
oh shut up.
Delivering some new art pieces to Zia's boutique in Green Hills. If you are in the area be sure and check it out she has some great stuff!
no thank you for helping out those in need. Great cause!
Da more ppl we get to come out we will open up for Widefram dude dat does pull out da magnum
I hope and are having loads of fun today :)
Justin!!! or Jerry :D lol
S/O to for being super cute (: he has the best tweets and we need to chill soon (: #followhim <3
i feel like a black dude would treat me right.
#FF Kim Roach - she is the real deal when it comes to profitable online marketing with tangible RESULTS. No hype here.
My confirmation's tomorrow, #excited :)
much appreciated. Hope all is well in the Music City.
yes!! September 27th!
Berlusconi Strippers in Gadhafi Outfits Silvio Berlusconi on Friday said his wild parties were "burlesque contests" as the former Italian
thank you for your feedback! :)
sad that it's super-intern 's last day with good #CapeTown recommendations for her? (cc: )
Just curious -- did you get 10 people to show the tweet? I'm doing a write up of IRA tweets...
Learning from 's Bob Panoff at
Congrats on the UW move! You have big shoes to fill,BUT I know you can do it! ! #ONWISCONSIN #CAN'TWAIT4FOOTBALL
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke
Ray Lewis pregame speeches are pumped full of the kind of enthusiasm you find in a man who avoided first-degree murder charges.
I need someone to escort me to the Wiz concert this summer in cincy. Preferably a young lady.
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH MY ASS NOT BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS RIGGHHTT
Lovely soccer weather...
Ohh Bosh come out and plaaaayy
“: Oh, you guys broke up again? For good this time? Can't wait to see you get back together in a week!”
I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless when I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey the thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I will praise the name of the lord forever
Made it to Pendleton(:
could u try to tell me how to get ride of it :s?
Got u
Just downloaded timeline on Facebook
Prayed tonight that my desire to continue to grow would continue to grow.
Hilarious. “: Ozzie Guillen upon his return from suspension: 'I feel like the great OJ Simpson did when he made bail.'"
LOL technology has a mind of its own sometimes!
Good Shyt! You know Nnamedi too?
I wish i could live in music.
TGIF- excited for a great weekend!
we're not gay!
what kind of dog is he?! to damn cute!!!!
Me and oomf should elope since she wanna get away from texas to haha
What a treat... I had no idea there was another episode of 30 Rock this season!
RT : Our monthly Mega Networking Event is tomorrow at Johnnys!
The commish is commenting on tonight's game. Will there be NHL players in the next #olympics?
It says more about the medium than the society at large. IMHO
<3 lol cheer up! You're too pretty to be sad, my friend :)
Thanks for including our Membership Meeting proceedings in your Daily!
Lmaooo #typical. And why did I not photograph the guac?
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF !!
Before Thursday's game, I would have been perfectly content leaving STL with one win. Now, no less than two will do! Let's go #sjsharks!
the missing piece of the puzzle = good writing. At low budgets there's limp writing bc developing the skill set takes time
Not a problem David. Good luck with the book.
Posted up at local Jamaican restaurant for Curry Shrimp and scholarship.
Beastie Boys w/Tribe Called Quest in Kansas City one of most lasting memories from my early 20's. Floor rush @ lights out was epic.
Mar 16,2012: Exhibition - Peeled and Revealed: The Flipside of Food: 9:00am: Milwaukee Public Museum. An innovative ...
It's not really a thing these days. (And it was only ever a souped-up description of the diss.) But yes!
5 Star service at the Super 8 in Abbotsford, BC
Mifflin Fun Fact: Current Mayor Paul Soglin was one of the founding members of the block party
Apparently, no grease, no access to collections. says the same holds true for Italy.
Sloe Gin Fizz at 9 am
To threewalls, on the double!
Our pleasure! We cant wait to work with CA univs, just want to make sure we can offer them the best experience first
If you have multiple phones use your gmail account as an exchange server to sync contacts in both automatically (BB & iPhones 2).
This would be my life if it happened. LeeHyori. <3 + KimJongKook. <3 + Mango = Life. x)
#ShannenSays #ArmyWives #MadMen #TheKilling ...Sunday TV Night is awesome!
thank you so much!! You are so sweet!
H hahaha. Nope. Its Sea. He is a scout in my sons troop. Big soccer fan/player. Chosen to travel to Scotland to play in summer
Thanks so much Chloe! Much appreciated :)
Enjoying the Google home page this morning - not sure what the occasion is, but it's cute.
I really don't like you .
Hold up. Niall has a secret tattoo. GET IN MY BED
Why do I even watch award shows anymore..?
watching the !!! Rock the red!!!
Well, they are a pretty sexy vegetable.
Tandoor...a cylindrical oven made of clay, used for roasting, skewering and baking over an open flame heated with charcoal
thanks for the mention, Jorge!!
Excuse me, Mr. Gangster. I don't mean to interrupt your swagger,but can you pick up your pants and walk a little faster? I'm late for class.
Im stressed..which means my sweet tooth is out of control today! Shopping with after work & a double gym sesh will do it!
I know,u have to stay positive, don't let this destroy u,its okay to be nervous, but dont freak yourself out. I'm here For you.
well shyt if I'm in town next weekend let's ride around. And get it
really true :/
casting call today, what a great group of folks!
how do send DM to my lists
15 hours, 3 essays, and a hamburger later...
Ariel, I think you're probably a star now. It used 2 B so easy 2 get in touch with U. Now its freaking impossible. Good for you!
Not that I'm aware of.
I just wanted to say hi :(
When you're feeling down, brush your teeth. It makes you feel like a fresh new person.
RT : RT : Hey Twitterverse! I'm looking forward to tweeting with you!
five tweets doesn't count as livetweeting Kay. But I love ya!
That's Seattle for you. RT : How bout people tubing on lake washington before 8 in the morning?? Now that's dedication!
If you could pick any one player to be on your fantasy team, who would it be?
I don't know! I think we've ran out of time! I may just order one online. :(
God I hope not.
Good luck RT : exam day yay how exciting.
well text back I got something to ask lmao
it already came and went, I'm afraid.
I thing so too! Its definitely fresh food on the spot with most that is served on the street, great post:-)
charlie sheen.
Today, #FF stands for "Floating Friday". Have a great Rapture, everybody!
Say "fort" 3 times. What do you eat soup with? My daughter answered "carrots".
Almost!! Just one more day. RT : im hungry. i want is it monday night yet?
your welcome :)
Going to make sure I get in a bike ride this week. I miss riding.
Finally got a smat phone!
GOD DAMN PARENTS WHERE THE HELL IS MY ELEPHANT FOR CHRISTMAS!!!???
lawl star wars and jedisbi love star wars
+1 was there last night! // RT : Founding Farmers. Go there.
*Switches to laptop*
baby u got me u got me
Thx! Really going now....
#BOYFRIENDReview your voice is like a man's voice Love it!!
korean chili threads! you are correct!
Happy New Year! May you make films that inspire you and the world.
Sure, luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck: Don Schula
Had an awesome Halloween--now I'm looking forward to the launch on 11/11/11!
milking yesterday's two time zone red eye travel for all it's worth and staying in PJs until this evening.
Almost hit a Bently really people, must you park your Bentlys in my way?
You and both.
did amazing on her last performance, blew me away! :)
Hey, thanks!
#fridaylistens started the Shallows by Carr and set it aside when Affair by Child became available. Gotta love Reacher!
Making out in the back row of a movie for 2.5 hours?! To be honest, I was more impressed at how quiet they were
RT : S/o To My Team
yall better !! Lol & im trynna have a dinner party if i can find a qood place so if so yall invited (:
You can't call yourself a friend when you exchange the people in your life like a deck of cards
Sellin records in Japan...
I should go to sleep. I wish I could relax enough to try
Wondering why has more followers than ...Manu has more rings!!
RT : The support for #MarriageEquality has never been greater! Thx to for standing up and supporting #LGBT couples!
queen of elephants and counting
Are You Fucking Kidding Me ???? F_ck The Voice -.-
It's the best sale of the year before the Holidays! Contact me to get a catalog or order the best fashion #jewelry available.
Anytime Pierre! (I love that name btw) :D
“: Bing was live! Great weekend. Now off to 💤...”
New home owner ? Call us we provide a wide range of services. Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's 619-562-5848 Ca. State Lic
Michael Ian Black: My wife's name (Martha) was one of the things that attracted me to her.
yup since he got home from school
Good morning love :)
Glad you're liking it! RT really enjoying "Small Screen, Big Picture" appreciate the recommendation.
To help you get ready for #ISSMA State Solo/Ens, we're having an open "mic" day this Saturday! Come test drive your piece (con't)...
Ridiculousness is just the new America's Funniest Home Videos. Sorry, but you're no
i wish you knew how i feel about you...
nun much gettin ready for this trip wbu you ready to graduate ?
Jaylon Tate, PG, Meanstreets – There aren't too many better pure point guards than Tate.
Virginity is cute I guess, haha.
that's cool :)
Brain and spinal cord injuries discussed on HealthyMatters 730 AM Sunday morning. Call or text your questions!
Add Philadelphia to the short list of cities I could live in
yea yea
I am at the doctor having my knee looked at from an old injury years ago.
As for what we're up to... We are in Phoenix. Brian is reading Henry Miller and Jess is reading James Baldwin. Now to go buy Amiri Baraka!
The road to success is always under construction.
We'll be selling Bagels again tomorrow morning! Remember $1.25 for a bagel of your choice and cream cheese! Get your bagel fix tomorrow AM!
about to head to Drews smh. you messin up man.
sorry. But no one is uploading anything..
bathroom floor is done and kitchen floor is done..babies just went down for a nap so taking a minute to figure out what to do next...
Why does mini irritate me so much she is so fake
Dis young lady needs to get her BEAUTY or as i say GORGEOUS sleep :) #GorgeousGirl hehehe c=
Um hey new jersey, GREEN = ST PATTYS DAY , GREEN AND RED = CHRISTMAS.
aw <333 i love hearing that!
It is one of my new favorite songs!!!:)
work bag, clothing. I own everything in the apple store already ;)
why the crappy service lately?
Well it's about the time I'm ready to go !!!!
Doesn't franchising guarantee he gets the average of the top 5 RB salaries or something?
Excited for the June 8 record release party at Bay View Bowl
ok I will. How u been luv?
Anyone want to play a show with us?
Seeing Facebook urls in companies' ads making me think of "AOL keyword" in '90s ads.
Great finish
Thanks so much, Rachel!
have you met the boys yet? (:
Hi I Dmd u
I can never find a realationship like you and me had. </3
Gossip Girl, ramen, & cheesecake.
Congrats! Great Paper..Help expose fam.law corruption in San Diego!
Bye Bye Bulls is not representing chicago really good right now.
only spandex.
shonda my girl....2 the point...i need 2 be on anything ur doin...luv ur creative mind...we need 2 sit down and have lunch...
": “Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.”"
#bored and
poor iPod! Is it ok??? LOL
they remind me of nevershoutnever!
Jesus my mom needs to settle down
I saw link to a salad that made my mouth water. Can't find it now? Where it at?
followed :D
chill out, chick, lol
we are playing Low Spirits in Albuquerque 3-25. We are singing Fuglees tunes in the tour van.
nothing much getting ready for school and you?
Not only that; YOU are appreciated :-) Thanks for the well wishes. Have a fabulous day yourself!
Kiss Me You Fool .
I Need A Selfish L.O.V.E
Vino with my A.
Busy day of #preproduction at #BlueRock for a spot for an international aid organization.
Yum. RT : I lost all my beads, so I'm giving out a free me today. Use #LightenUpFatTuesday for your chance to win.
MT Quaffing a lovely sparkling wine from from NORTH CAROLINA ... it won a silver medal
Yeah, tough loss. Well, they gotta re-group Sat. night and force that Game 7!!!
The #SP500 pulled back 20 points from it's high today...a sign going higher than 1,334 will not be easy...
This is only my second time here and thought the tap list was better last time.
Jada: david youre stupid, you dont know how to read. David ignores her and keeps reading Jada: im kidding, youre not stupid okay?
thanks for the RTs
she fuck she suck she swallow man its like a triple double
Prepping for a night full and For research, of course. There will be vodka.
So sleepy
Preds score on the first play of the 4th quarter. Long TD pass from Leak to Toliver-his 5th of the game. Preds lead 61-54.
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!
AWESOME! Can't wait!
I volunteer if you need one!
": Facts over everything." precursor for svu tuesday?
RT# If you think the best generation was born in the #90's
RT : How many people woke up this morning went to the range w their 52degree and practiced the high 40yrd hook?
Happy birthday!
yo why can't I get cheese fries at 10:30am??
Correction: Ronnie Dobbs' first show will be this Saturday. This Sunday will be our second show. Yeah.
lets end today on a good note, right? wrong. I'm pretty sure my Beats were stolen. Lets hope the insurance covers them -__-
Ugh I want in n out
Great weekend catching up with my lovely cohort over brunch & making Paula Deen's frozen chocolate mousse pie. Delightful!
It's rarely too hot in SF...but today is starting 2 feel that way...to the beach!!
It's gHetto not getto stupid.....
is having a holiday trunk show THIS Saturday, Dec 10th! Good luck ladies - the event sounds like it's going to be a blast!
