it's the ying and yang of baseball. Never as bad as you look when losing or as good as you look when winning
is not an All-Star reserve?!!! Are u fkn kidding?...
I'm not a mariachi
No obligation for govt to treat rich "equally"by giving them same amount of taxes as lower incomes.US has long ...
What happened???????
NP john doe by public announcement
Happy happy happy FRIDAY!
BMC study shows diverting passengers to elevators could help reduce falls at Logan Airport
“: love having the day off, don't love not getting paid!” What he said.
Aw man. I dig it and still rewatch on occasion. Did the Firemares kill it for you?
lol which one omg let me find it
Welcome to all the new members we've been getting from #Dallas and #Connecticut lately! Glad you're joining our community!
Best friends >><< both
hahahahahaha! thanks I needed that!
Concerts, counted on to compensate for the plunging sales of recorded music, appear to be in trouble due to cancelled shows and empty seats.
Can libraries build wealth and reduce poverty? Is that a focus of our service? Our communications? Our reason for being?
Add us as a friend on facebook Kincaids Oakland
Steel Town Soul has a show Thursday Bartini in shadyside! 9-midnight. No cover.
We just got time crimes on netflix john. looking forward to it!
couldn't tell you the last time I've been out to a party lol shieet
when you guys get to be bigtime like me you'll understand!
MM most "real" epi yet IMO.Real life situations,less exposition,fairly accurate changes within 60's and age (Don).Fascinating.
RT : A body has been found in the North Bend bunker. It is believed to be Peter Keller.
La Gente live Saturday March 31
Studio session tomorrow!! And working on a new project wendsday.
I need a job. Whose hiring?
Contour, the UT fashion show tonight, WAS AWESOME! So exciting to walk for thousands of people. Thanks to everyone who came out!
The Hulk was the first roller coaster tht I had ever riden!
M....Genny Bock on cask. Just went live
Thunder now Down one with 9 seconds to go. Thunder ball.
okei bye I go people
lol its the madonna portal
About to call my man...
I think what people really want is immersion and the mistakenly term is realistic game aspects.
Exit project do tomorrow let's begin shall we
in my elementary school you got to join a special club if you could. I was never much of a joiner....
Why didn't Narron write it in Japanese!?!?
omg..same here:)
having a hard time staying awake while Nantz and Simms call the Broncos/Steelers game.I just may have found a cure for my insomnia.
thanks for following! Can't wait for CMJ!!!
n how,its that !”)
of course! He went along with my while British/Irish theme!!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
Ain't that the truth
I know what you mean.
Pulling down some fresh bud 2day. #SourDiesal, #whitewidow, #ogkush #lavenderkush and #purplenepal. Not a bad way to start the weekend.
Keep this Thanksgiving happy and safe by establishing a 3-foot "kid-free zone" around all stove tops, ovens and open cooking flames.
RT : sisterhood is sexy, being kind is cool. integrity, dignity and respect are in style every season.
Loved hearing #BoiseState to the Pac-12 talk on this week! Would make for some amazing matchups and rivalries!
Getting ready to go back in time! HOT TUBE TIME MACHINE style. Woot woot! Lol
But who shot the Tupac Hologram?!?!
The Brits are more progressive than the Americans, cos we have TV presenters & they have TV pastors
#MayDay has been chosen as the date the #OWS Movement revives. Will we succeed??
you and me both :-)
Prize #2: A personal training session with strength coach Andy Williams.
right! Wow! Props.
totally worth it! egg sandwiches fuel
Little boxes, big boxes, as long as they're not round, boxes.
Book signing today in So AZ. Half of readers looking for Kindle authors.
Public session all day tomorrow 10am to 6:30pm. Only $13 which includes skates!!!
When did this shit become so easy?
Good work, if you can get it. RT : Yes, but at least I have
You know you're baked when you are looking for the bong when it's right infront of you
Going to Asian Fusion tonight in Georgetown. Not normally my style but we'll see how it turns out...I'll be following SNN for Tsunami news
God gave us everything in pairs 2 hands, 2 eyes, 2 ears But why only one heart? Because he gave another 2 someone else 4 us 2 go find.
Arrived in South Africa. Awaiting another phone call from the mysterious stranger.
love the video!
Christmas decorations going up at my house tomorrow? yes, yes they are
ok will do
Hey guys, just wanted to make it clear that I am NOT the band, just the Ohio street team! If you want the boys, -->
Maybe god will answer my prayers tonight and let my hero tweet me <3
great story. Always good to see positive things happening in bmore.
The only Call of Duty games I've played are MW2 and Black Ops.
How do you screw up a BLACK ice coffee????? Lmao
Well, the truth is I love Eleanor and I love Danielle. I just don't really like Caroline with Harry. But I'm not gonna bully her!
Well played, and a good song too. Okay I'm off to slumberland. G'nite Idaho.
Ha! Very true. RT Austin is totally hip. Never seen so much culture and spandex in one place - awesome.
haha its ok :)
Hello Lake Butte des Morts. You're so purty.
Our little helpers get to help us out around the house and get to do community service.
i think you're suppose to give with no expectations!!! (i.e. give to give)
Jeydon Wale is one crazy fothermucker and should follow me(:
I gotta lot of catching up to do
Great photo, I would love to meet you in person!
On re-starting: "Come forth Lazarus! And he came fifth and lost the job." Eleven is a charm. ~Don
Gratitude is essential if we are to be content.
you can call me Fonz!
Happy Birthday .. rock this day and marry the night ;)
As well as the value of cover, suppressive fire and, oh yes, the Stanislavsky method.
Bishop Lennon will speak today about the church closings. When I hear anything, I will post.
oh yes! I love that! I just didn't know it had such an exciting name. I thought it was just "making your window really big"
Good business practices say we need to do a 3,4, and 5 year strategic business plan that INCLUDES a solid financial plan.
You were a great soccer player too. Got to see you play when I was a kid.
Just think..... A celeb has probably talked about you before :)
bye bye phone
Gonna lay it down. See if I can convince my finger to press call. Probably not tho.
Thanks <=follow her
Quite a scarf tour de force
Happy New Year!
Muppets theme while Pacers have ball. Nice touch.
drum set in the living room? not sure this is going to work? oh, okay just put it next to the marimba
Lamest bf ever
in a dm?
I'm going all in!
u know I'm fittin to pick up one of those 'world peace' jersey's
Quality over quantity for JSK? RT Your tweets are GUARANTEED to get you more followers! RT Gout is gross looking
Promise myself.
hahahah I would be amazed if he did omg omg ill laugh and say "Tuna Was Damn Right About Him Getting Famous"
Guys like me? I'm a guy like me!
comic carnival tonight w/ You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
I will be copping those.....
“: Good morning Andy! I hope you have an awesome day. :')” you too!
Http://www.Flipcups.com is Selling the Inflatable Beer Pong Table on a SPRING BREAK SALE
Good day already. Found my headphones.
Man I swear I never sleep comfortable. I wake up with back pains
oh just keep putting work in
Thanks for the RT and mention You are appreciated!
Looking forward to 's Greek Festival this weekend! Yay for free Saturdays!
I got an app that makes donuts.
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Dentist today , :) ; Hope Ur day was Super ,too.
Haha! I just died. That little girl is a riot. #toddlersandtiaras RT ": Have a great weekend honey boo boo children"
“: : Should the #Seahawks try to land #peytonmanning ? What y'all think?” Em yes please.
walking over to the brewpub now!!
You're not selling code & you're not selling design, you're selling a product for an end user/audience.
People cry not because they are weak. It's because they've been strong for too long.
the only company I have is my cats ;~; I homeschool because of my health
did the package arrive yet?
Well guess what! is now mildly obsessed with you!
hm big thing
"Fuck Manny, too, ol Japanese boy" Some guy: "He's Filipino" "Same thing!"
is staring down a wasp in his office--unfortunately not the kind that summers in Martha's Vineyard.
Now #RIPJoe. Your legacy will always be intact in my mind.
Happy Friday the 13th.This tends to always be a much luckier day than usual. Expecting bad luck usually brings good luck. or a good drink.
Another one of my boys sent to the hospital at work last night. Not messing around tonight.
The impossible, is just that possible. Only if you believe, you can see endless chances. �)
Blowing air out of my lip piercing.
Turn it to ESPN, my boy and Oregon are straight hoopin on LSU
Fantastic! Best of luck to you :) RT Starting my first semester of nursing classes :)
I promised myself. . . But idk how much more I can take! Help me to b strong and see the truth!.
love that song. Time to turn on the music!!!
People in #DC talk crazy to the employees in subway
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you..
Nice. I find it funny that an Italian is whinging about negative tactics...
Congratulations, ... Great job this season!
Thanks to our Issue No. 5 news partners (cont.): , , & SF Neighborhood Newspaper Association
is 9:45ish ok? Want to head up to Austin by 10:30
sam lyon-black
I've been waiting on a check from a catering company for nearly a month now. Thinking it times to look for better options
sorry to hear I'm not the only plague victim :( I think rest & copious amts of tea is the only thing for it. feel better!
awww...thanks! it was great to meet you too!
Good bike ride around the 'hood today...just a half our or so, but we have some nice hills and I haven't taken a spin in, oh, about 2 years.
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
studio time!!!
im so hi...i dont even know y...
"He who is firm in will molds the world to himself." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Franklin Wade Blog » Her Alibi Poster Movie 27 x 40 In – 69cm x ...
...so maybe you're detecting progress I missed a couple of weeks ago. I hope you're right! JLD deserves a good series.
thank u!
platitudes are disingenuous and honesty is appreciated. People are more resilient than pop psych gives credit for.
At the hospital with my sister :( <\3 get better soon nig<3
End of the third quarter. Storm lead the Preds 41-17. Orlando has the ball to start the fourth.
It's not a big deal, just seemed odd.
#DarkSkinPeopleNicknames. Why the hell is that trending?
I have that problem too...
and he will be the heir to King Fluffay II it shall be a wonderful thing x)
RT : "If your church attracts broken and messed up people... then it's being the church Jesus intended!" - Pastor Howard J Koepka
I try to keep myself from going over the deep end/things happen sometimes in life for no reason...heartbroken/not decent
Happy New Year!
#Broders on diners drive ins and dives. Best place ever!
thank you so much!
Every time #Dirk has already back-pedaled to half court by the time his shot misses/makes, Larry Bird throws up a little in his mouth
love the classic wizard of oz dark side! Nicely done.
Spurs in 4, huh? DAMN
We were suppose to leave at 8:45 but we're barely leaving now -.- Ugh, But here we come zoo cx
first episode had me startled. Had to go to the restroom. Fearful of zombies. I am a fighter though.
Follow Back,please <3.
I haven't seen it yet but I can agree with you on that. An Ed Sheeran song doesn't fit in a Victoria's Secret commercial.
you would say something like that not the guy !
have a gobblin' good birthday! ;)
I've been gone for a few days. Where? Occupy Best Buy... aka Black Friday camp out lol
Hi Kristine - saw in the Needham Patch that you're running this year's Boston Marathon. Would love to interview you (cont'd)
Niggas on Twitter talkin bout "I keep my Grass cut Low so I can see the Snakes!" Nigga you live in a Apartment Complex Shut up!
Ok ima stop..
DO IT!! we are going to some crazy concert with harrison that matt says is going to be awesome! & YAY email me re dec soon!
Check out my boiis music on reverbnation kobragangbitch or kill ya self
can you un-retweet something?
My heart is beating a million miles per hour right now
#civility QUESTION FOR PANEL: did universal franchise put personal morality on the table leading to sense of in#civility?
What is the worst film to win the Best Picture #Oscar in Academy Award history? 1929 to 2012?
Looks good - now on my reading list. Thanks!
#vaumc11 Resolutions: Here we go!
- Tryna keep my distance away from all attitudes just wanna live my life n be happy fuc wat everybody else say.!
"and someday we'll find it, the Twitter connection, the playwrights, the actors, and me"
True. RT : If she's talking too much just fart That's always works
well they do have a right to voice their opinion.. As long as they aren't doing anything to you. Just ignore it.
Happy bday! Which phone do you have?
is comprised of ONE hateful cretin with a computer. You don't speak for me or anyone else.
what time are you getting there tonight??
Steele county is free of warnings, but a T-storm warning continue for Rice and Goodhue through 8:30pm
If you could transform (at will) into any animal, what would you choose and why?
what phone you rocking? #PlantsVsZombies is on Android now!!
why are you saying goodbye ,,you didn't like it or it doesn't worth it to update?
Point out where I'm being dishonest, then. All I've said is that it doesn't make sense to use "Liberal" as a sweeping pejorative.
lmao *rubs forehead* my daughter
SORRY, my typing on this iphone is iNotverygood. :)
Just got my friend on Twitter!!! She needs some followers. HELP!! Follow, RT and spread the word.
Didn't miss anything you haven't heard. RT And I'm missing it! :-/
I wanna hear Fool in Love live so bad!
ou should mention how cool & awesome im lol or yea pretty hahahahaha
HOW THE HELL DID I DO EVERYTHING & PASS ALL TESTS AND ASSIGNMENTS AND HE GON' FAIL ME? I LAUGHED AT HIS JOKES AND EVERYTHING >:[
Hittin up Moscow for some mother's day shopping:)
Hi Aaron - thanks for following StoryFirst!
But not Hanson...yer the lucky one there!
my birthday is this month:D
Hey it's BK, Dee Snider just fired.What rocker shoud try Celebrity Apprentice next?Not that he would participate,I nominate Bruce Dickinson.
Who do you think will win this Saturday's Game...Texans or Cowboys??
RT : And up next on Good Morning America: Are Bikram Hackahons better? weighs in.
Movies with daddy (:
Last night was just too much.
Needed a bottle of #JackDaniels so I bought a whole case
ha, you weirdo
sounds good, don't mind more questions :)
Its only tuesday ... 😒
I wish everyone a #HappyMothersDay. For those waking up in a #luxuryhotel this am, I'm so jealous. :) But, loving every minute of my day,too
Congratulations to the Stanford Women's Soccer team for winning their 1st ever National Championship today.
that is the easiest thing for you to say
Can't wait to be at the yard..our yard with && yay!!! #sfgiants :D
Sleeping in tomorrow. Fuck yeah.
"oh look, blood on the dancefloor, what a bummer" "isnt that the name of a michael jackson album" oh my GOD
The MPAA would rate Bully an R for using more then one F-word. I propose that they rate every movie an R if it showed more than one gun.
#smbmad #ford Attentiveness. Being there. Talking back.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Relax tonight while listening to some live jazz by Saltman Knowles | 9PM - 1AM | $15 |
Really not in the mood for anything right now.
Linkedin events is not working for me either. It stopped working for me about a week ago.
Tech laugh du jour: Director Margarett Perry "I need a little sexy sexy here" - husband/actor Brian Dykstra - cue strip tease
i take it back you dnt gotta point lol
clear headed and ready for action. Working on story boards for documentary. Of what I'd like to shoot. Woohoo!!!!
grgIII having a cold gin Nice Guy Eddies
friend: what's the first thing you think of when you hear- me: ONE DIRECTION! :D friend: ... (smacks head)
i think dazzler was the best character left and arguably the second best character for the format.
When people ask my if I still play volleyball and then continue to ask why. <
Made it home!
nice! When do you move in?
God Is Love !
Join us TODAY at 335 Kearny St for some delicious Cajun & Creole food by !
HAHA, you beat me to this, sorry I hacked your joke! Gotta read all the tweets before you weigh in. :)
dam....wat about orange city?
Good morning
WTF Manning I expected a D bag LeBron James type decision spectacle
There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign ~Robert Stevenson
Order in the streetlit. DOWNLOAD THE #UrbanFiction #ebook A-Town Veteran.
Let it snow, let it snow....cuz we are open today 9AM-6PM.
Handling the July Fourth philly crowds with grace. Let Freedom ring.
I really want to see him this year. Distance sucks...
I just love how everyone is now wanting a twitter... I had mine for 3 years lololol.
that's easy. Get them hooked now as well! :D
yayyyyayayay. ;D P.S if you find a doughnut shop... remember me. (;
RT Burgertime! Non bovine alt is halved jerk chicken. Africa hot on the wheels. Free watermelon for everyone
Can't wait to pass out on the beach with my boyfriend and get ridiculously sunburned.
who b day is it today it has to be some bodys
Happy May 1st Everybody! Time to start planting the bulbs..
Last week we sold out! RT : Nice hot day for the OSP farmers market! Loki smoked salmon salad and red velvet bag-o-donuts!
Aww! "Poetic Justice" & "We Love Janet Jackson" are trending! ♥
call me I'm bored
Do tell?
kind over matter !
"Wait! Stop! You're not wearing pants!" "So?"
Great way to ring in the New Year!
Spent Saturday with other Kona Sunrise Rotarians cleaning up and beautifying the Makaeo Walking and Jogging Path at the Old Airport.
RT : RT: Actual Dec. sales of newly built homes 21k units. Worst Dec. on record and 2nd worst month ever. JT...
I haven't found my mp3 in about 3-4 weeks, starting to think i lost it :(
Radiohead is my fave too. Saw them in Seattle a couple of weeks ago. They should a LONG set at Roo. Should be amazing.
Who is that?
I can relate.
And hes 3 years younger than my step dad...
Working on new business websites SoLuna. Should be up and running in 2 months. what a task. It's secret of what we'redoing.
i have jdb i luv him but he need ta holla at me in respectful way he doesnt follow me
Thank you! It keeps me out of the house and off the couch.
There are a shit load of movies out that I want to see.
Not going to lie - I'm a pretty big Minnesota fan right now.
just got our Skalion Clothing shirts in and we are looking phresh ! go check them out they have some awesome shirts !!!
Prom and Six Flags this weekend. Can't wait! :)
Having a Guinness and A Burger before Taste Walla Walla. Need to slow that juice down!
Applegate? If it is, definitely read it...twice...maybe thrice :)
Commission meeting is back in session.
in retrospect we probably shouldn't have done $8 desert shots at the Lotus.
Late start>
I totally agree
EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. RT :
These refs are awful!
what does #oomf mean?
Oh yeah! Stinky tofu is foul...good call...
So glad to know you'll be a #Bills player for years to come!
I did. Thank you for submitting!
Why do I want to sign up for it? Do I want a +K in breastfeeding? What if I can't breastfeed? Hahah why are we talking about this.
Ryan Gosling will give you free food. On one condition... My friend would know.
. congratulations. Happy to follow your tweets. How is South Lake Union treating you?
Well Since Im Up ! GOODMORNING EVERYBODY
Crazy line up RT Pete Rock, Lecrae, and Rapsody "Be Inspired" prod. By Khrysis man.....listen
... So when there's no business casual dress code... people wear more clothing?
Happy Holidays to all of our clients, families, employees, Facebook friends and Twitter followers!!
it was really good. I slurped it down and my tummy loves me right now for it.
Real talk tho, who thought it was cool to make a movie about Abraham Lincoln killing vampires??
that is the greatest picture of all time
Go Pack Go! Watching game today with my ladies.
Getting ready to head to universal studios...cross your finders for no rain.
Your wearing me!!!!
they are staring at you regardless!!
I can't wait until I'm 18 only two more years.
RT: I grew up in Ohio and my leisure time is usually "indoor recess." Then, when the weather's nice, I have no idea what to do with myself.
I'll get in touch after next week to plan something
Great choices so far. I'm really interested in L. David and (of course) M. Barron. LETS GO BUCS!!!!
Gearing up to help you and yours have a SWEET Valentines Day! We Can help you make it Simply Sweet!
#Thankful!! Oh you ask why? :) because I'm #stress free and #drama free.... I have learned to tune BS out. Mastered it actually
Getting ready to go live with our Day 1 of Photography Business & Beyond Workshop! Questions can be tweeted with hashtag
It's not a fan it's my support system WITHOUT them you know your doing something wrong and WITH them your doing something right.
Amanda Chidestar with an RBI single gives Michigan a 3-0 lead in the top of the second inning at Goodman Diamond.
congrats buddy. you should buy Kyle Busch a case of
Is So Beautiful! iWish iHad Her Cheeks! (:
I hope it gets better!
yeah I'm one of the owners
There's a good chance that I'm still drunk... Thanks to for a fun night out!! :-)
Been completely MIA with friends and family this week. On a sprint to March 17th! HO v New England. Designating the weekend to catch up
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "all my money is in my savings and i had to transfer it to my checking but it takes a few days"
Thanks! We're really excited!
You see me happy. I'm lonely.
Congressman tweets are down 28%. Maybe they are too busy actually working? Elected officials, grow up, enough of this nonsense.
my bad i got ur tweet late smh
I don't even know who she is.. But this is hilarious
teach us your Burning-Fist-To-Save-Mankind-Dunk & we'll bring our Internet Cheer Squad to your games. LIVE:
Life is good
ur the best! And who called u square? I'm gonna go beat them up! Don't they know how gangsta u are?!
Money changes everything
That was a BADASS way to get that win!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Ernest Hemingway
Mambo is not about you. It is about your partner. If you perform, it's about your audience. If you teach, it's about your students.
Good Morning.... Happy Friday. :-)
We had a sold out concert at Bach! Thank you SO much for the love. See you all again very soon. Hugs, ~c~
Glad I got to see tonight<3
. This is an SMB play. Dell's strategy is pretty diversified and brings capabilities that doesn't.
Yes, Americans r unfazed by shootings, what they eat & drink, quality of health/care, their communities, etc.
Finally my car is good as new 😊🚗
BTW, I got no issues with gays or nothing bcuz that's their business in life & I don't judge nobody. Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
I hate lying cause within time you get caught in a big web of lies.
Today would have been my granny's 92nd birthday. Can't believe she's been gone almost a whole year. I miss her SO much.
Beautiful day in Atlanta
♥Jesus Chris†♥ We all <3 you so much
reviewing a stack of resumes for our internship program. looking to hire some great & students.
Stupid fire alarms.
Heading off to bed! Laundry to do 2moro! Best listen to that pesky alarm! At least I can do laundry and jam at the same time!
Really, you sent Colton home?
Sure! You can email us at :) Thank you!
Must admit. Kinda loving the Marta hatred in the stadium. I know I'm feeling it at home.
Survivors, liberators and family members join members on Asm floor to share stories and reinforce call to remain vigilant against hate.
Hey Wayne, Thanks for alerting me to my Twitter situation. I have changed the password. I enjoy your newscasts.
"True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and choice." - Samuel Johnston,
Elder Jacket
Been jammin to #MotionCitySoundtrack thanks to playin it today in the jeep
I agree with your tweet but don't you think some students do the same thing with "Communications"?
My super Christian friend tells me she's getting a divorce. Is it inappropriate to advise her to watch Fireproof again?
It seems my #earworms get worse the more congested I get. Yesterday was the Top Gun anthem. Now it's I ♥ Lucy
And hearing that makes ME feel good! :)
but thank you :)
hope your day gets better best friend!
2 for 2 and also a sac bunt and walk ... Awesome
life is good in NY! hopefully this year is a busy one for me! how are u?! whats goin on in ur life??? :)
Amazing Spanish conversation with friends!
This music>>>>
What are you supposed to do when it's 3:30am and you can't sleep???
u know what it is.... ten yrs ago i almost bought the farm.. you really appreciate life when u almost lose IT.GRACE=HAPPY :)
My alarm clock plays bedrock.
skate session... fuck'n highlight tapes... under all influences chemically...
peered pressured into pure.
at Pete Millers tonight with the trio! Dennis Carol, bass Kobie Watkins, drums -  830 to 1230.
love you too<3 Can't wait for tomorrow!!! It's Sexual Wednesday!!
Bro, don't disrespect me on twitter like that.
I'm obviously a tom yam freak , chocolate freak , caffein freak . coke freak , reading freak , sweet freaks and sour freaks . I'm a freak .
Therapy note or weekly note usually. No SOAP since grad school
indeed! w/o twitter-catharsis i would have been throwing things!
": bc it's soapy. #duh" please hashtag random #words more..."but my lips are chapped real bad"
RT excited Ann Rhoades, PRES of & past VP at to present to over 500 #ROC clients-friends at
This is gonna be a long couple of days
how is everyone's easter going?
PROFESSORS ARE SLOW....HURRY UP WITH POSTING THESE GRADES....I NEED 3 MORE GRADES..BUT I ALREADY THEY ARE A'S...I JUST NEED COMFIRMATION
thats ganna get you in trouble ;D
Aw : Ha! I'm honored. Shout right back Sending a late nite #FF shout out to Just because I can.""
He took a homemade, fan blade, one-man submarine ride
I just dropped a plate
I love my City
i love you being home too!
FRACK!! The dog let the cat out. Don't ask. Just don't ask...
I see.
What is the secret of this tie that binds....two souls in communion both body and mind
Saying That Your Weave Is Your Real Hair
and I know we'll disagree and you'll hate me for it, but I do not support Prop 19.
I would go over at 140. ": over. Way over. “: The Avengers - $130 million. Are you going over or under?”"
As in, can I play the *Live* MP modes at all. Do servers still exist for this ver of the game? It seems retail servers do not.
MLB has the worst opening nights. Look what they did to the giants last year.
For Harper to steal home after being beaned by Hamels...this is one heck of a 19-year-old.
People live in fear of what their truth means as they have lived in denial of it for so long, they have even built their lives around that
.: Congratulations on the new gig over at ! Great news!
is anyone else in love with ?!!!11!!!! <333333333333333333
Haha, yeah, Extremo's not known for subtlety... Definitely a plus when it comes to big, bright window ads! ;)
Happy Mama's Day!
Just finished 's new zombie novel ZONE ONE for a review I'm writing for the Wall Street Journal. You?
Italian jazz. Looking for italian songs to sing during a jazz performance. Any suggestions?!!
'Must-have' should just be taken out and shot, all around, as a phrase.
He's prettier than ill ever be got yourself a beauty queen but there's one thing I gotta say, he can fuck you good but I can fuck you better
I hate ppl who try to fit in.. Be yourself
Mercy the tightest new song out there!!
: You Lied To Me The First Time , So Why Do iHave To Hear It Again ?
conversely, I have little worth backing up that doesn't fit on a jump drive.
i wasnt cereal!
I drank way too much last night. I'm not supposed to even drink with pancreatitus. I don't even remember getting to bed.
will never tweet me 😪
SHUT YO BALD ASS HEAD UP
Wish people who've seen #TheAvengers would stop telling details about characters and the film. Some of us haven't seen it yet!! :-)
just noticed this thank you, you're welcome Coach!
Yeah, I have heard i have to go somewhere else for tailoring.
hi I like your boobs 😉 I feel sorry for the North Hills kid in our class #noswag #
It you ever find yourself driving behind YellowCab 45, do yourself a favor & drive as far away as possible. Just a horrible horrible driver.
Yes, she should be called Ace.
on tv vlad looked confused by the cure ball
on lap 4 at lax 496 left?
#Mobile payment app claims avg transaction spend increases 7% w/ its platform
think about all the awesome non-juice stuff you could eat on $50/day!!
Awesome movie!
Peggy megan joanie are like the #bondgirls of
- if a person is truly clinically depressed CHOICE isn't a matter of just deciding. The brain is broken. Been there in 1995.
yeah his voice is beautiful
Offering a unique opportunity to pick the brain of an Internet Marketing expert for 60 minutes for FREE! Ask anything you would like to know
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HONEY! Sending you a big virtual hug!
lol Same here
u post to many twitpics.lol jkjk i miss u so much and we need to go to fiesta with the whole olph gang!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you can make your tweets private if you care
oh how I miss those days.
#Str8LykeDes... At War w/ myself..
yaaay.. I texted you yesterday actually(:::: you get a new number !?
Finally Friday
It's Eastern Conf. Finals...heck yeah tune in! Always a chance they drop the gloves...IT'S NY VS. NJ...
I love music. Do you? :)
“: Cullen now with Setoguchi and Heatley. Koivu hurt about 7:40 into the game after check” left arm not moving much on replay.
oh ok. You doin good man ?
Yes, indeed, I care!
FOLLOW ME!!!<3
Someone need to follow me. Its freaking me out to have 666 followers for this long!
My little brother has a crush :') aw
Sometimes u just need to be held, and told everything will be ok even if its not true....
Thank you for the excellent learning session today You should teach somewhere, part-time of course. You're really good at it!
dear shady citizen of N Mississippi: stealing tip jars is lame! shame on you! 👿
not nearly enough people talking about Matthews I have him as a #Ravens target
Failing-->“: Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the internet. CYRUS FARIVAR"
do you still have the cc receipt? What did they say when you called them?
If would have her own t.v show my life would be complete so would 1million others lifes c:
Men-o-pause: When men pause before approaching you, to determine whether they are approaching a danger zone. ~ Lisa Morgan
Just waited ten minutes for the wrong Brown Line train. How long would I have ridden it? That's what I wonder.
That is a very special (and primal) love.
Good morning! :).
Ashton and Demi are finally over... Sad day for the celeb world :(
i wanna eat some wett tight pussy who gone feed me :P
If u commit suicide then we will never become friends )': no seriously im a good friend (: i think
Hudler rocks! Go RedWings! Go Howard!
Wait, slow down. Everybody dance...now?
I took drama in high school and college. Did plays,films but have a young voice
Yes the new routes including the RedLine, GreenLine and BlueLine are on Google Transit Trip Planner.
Sneak a peek at "Harry Potter" eBooks and digital audiobooks at #PLA12 Booth 818. We also have "Hunger Games" and 700,000 + titles!
Graduation time! Did you have your HS or College graduation at Kleinhans? What school? (And what year, if you are brave!)
The new site is really coming together! We can't wait for you all to see it soon! :)
“: #Capricorn's are wild sexual beings just waiting to be unleashed!”👈 really? Who would've thunk it
hopefully soon :)
Just open it or I'm leaving. -_-
you're the best
Yup hands test-drive lol
I've really appreciated the more instructional sessions - this is fab!
Pet peeve: The use of exclamation points (especially more than one) on corporate blog titles and in tweets.
Private dog training started today. Doing clicker training. Fancy is wore out and asleep already!
Fox in my driveway. Hello, sir. What a fluffy tail you have.
Fuck the fans who dont like AGT talk. There r those of us that LOVE whatever u talk about!!!
'right now I'm the supporting man in a weepy when I want to be the leading man in a porno'...
“: i love you!” love you too sis!
My dog performed some mind boggling ninja moves to cut her bath short. But I got her in the end.
We picked up several #upcycled 3" binders from #TerraCycle #Princeton last week -- only $3 each!!!
I'm so excited to go blonde tomorrow. Omg.
What Up twitter
NYC mañana. Wait till gets a load of me!!!
You don't look 15 :o ! You're pretty btw , Lol .
Oh :p If the #s were up, maybe we'll see if The Feminine Mystique worked for Ted. I like the idea of Ted/Laura & Colette/Dean. U?
Someone used the word "Higher" to describe COS and threw in there our MMJ spots just for kicks... kinda funny.
Morning everyone. :)
I wouldn't turn that down if you offered it to me!! Big fan of salads.
HOW DO THESE PEOPLE GET RARE ONE DIRECTION PICTURES?!
your welcome!(:
otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear
Yeah dat's the stuff
I hate when I misspell words on twitter. Makes all of us look bad. 140 characters and stubby fingers on an iPhone make 4 bad combo
harsh! He got us this far! Quit bitchin
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: "Count Every Dollar".
As if I were taught over night the meanings ,I will never forget the moment of pure knowledge. Its right in front of us all.
No biddies.
- 2) Cheap competition happens all of the time.
Small cracks in the wing of multiple A380?
I love those guys! Seen 's live 3 times. GREAT live shows!
Bad news first lol RT : Good news and bad news, which one do yall want first?
Training Truth: You should be paying as much attention to recovery as you do to your training to get the most out of your workouts.
by your name it seems like you might be the best person to do it...
For a healthy snack smear peanut butter on whole-grain crackers, topped with cinnamon.
Made it!!!
sandwich bags...for sand and witches...happy halloween!
I hate this nervous feeling in my stomach :/
no worries, we're going to have another one next week! you should both come!!
I'm so down!
And it's based on true events! I'm not familiar with it, but interested in learning.
The fuckery <<<< *logs off*
still doing your thang< Keep the party going, I will let you know when im in the area
Thanks for the shout-out!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
to late i already laughed. Just buy some more
follow first and I'll follow u back =)
Apathy is alive and well.
lol teacher made a bet, if everyone in class passes final test he will wax off his entire eyebrows lol
Hi Tim! How was lunch today at Kittichai? Hope you enjoyed!
btw I still fix wit Summer Song
Nothing like a twitter split personality...this is what happens when you're home alone on a Friday night.
Till I Die- Chris Brown
I dunno I used to bounce hand set off the table top then throw it into the cradle, it was more: BANG, bang rattle rattle
Thanks for the RT!
I saw Paranormal Activity 3 it was scary =(
LOL. Im fine dude >.<
RIP Leslie Nielsen. You are awesome.
Thanks, David! Yeah: a year ago. Writing & speaking now. Send them to - the best.
Faith is all we have. That's the only option.
you guys heard of Lala.com? I hadn't, until yesterday, when I started looking for an alternative.
And i dont wanna waste time..<3
. made me BELIEVE.
there were some people im sure that said when we joined keep it in CA only
I love how reducing my rental car a day made the price go up, too. Here's to hoping things turn around from here...
don't forget to take care of yourself.
is there an over/under on tonight's game finishing before midnight EST
Windows Phone software is actually pretty nice. Dearth of apps and poorly designed hardware hurt.
Like what?
Irritated early already
Had a good day. Honey's on his way home now, but will be about 11 hrs. or so. We made a yummy pie for him. Chocolate...looks perfect.
Doe Bay went on sale? I guess I wasn't paying attention. The super fast sell out doesn't surprise me though.
I think I'm give up if it goes to 20
This is the most relaxing nap I have had in months!!:)
Good luck to in her soccer game
I'll take a breast please :)
teehee i gotta show you ny nails
Me-Hey handsome Guy-Hey beautiful Me-slips walking over Guy-Uhh I'll call you later.. Me-But you don't have my number!
Torts is nothing more than a loud mouth Italian in NYC. Shut up and coach. Finally has a winning team and still an idiot.
In a way I am helping them and not Love as an individual. He has to show that he can make an impact to help the team WIN before $!
- At some point, absolutely. There's also a "10 Years of Thes One" 5xLP box set in a handmade wooden crate on the way. Stay tuned.
so far I've heard annie, oh land, new order and little boots at leesburg mall? Am I sound tracking this place subconsciously?
Studying studying studying.
i'd actually say okc is pretty top heavy.
“: #weallknowthatoneperson that you see and immediately get pissed off.” you know we have the same person in mind lol
Not that I know of...you may be holding a different Chase.
maybe u should beat the moms...or the missing baby daddies instead. LOL
yinz are just haters. Annnnnndd did I get a invite to 5 dollar movie night? No!
Glad to have found you on Twitter! We really loved your photos and stories from 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Day in Asuncion.
if he keeps it up. yes. hes amazing
even worse....you don't even tweet anything. WHAT THE HECK?! haha
lmao let's (:
...wow, yeah. I had noticed O_O
Happy New Year from Hong Kong
damn y'all are lucky
Been here one hour and I already got someone to show me around....
Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one.
Roanoke is such a pretty town, with city flavor.
Don't know why it got thrown in there, but I liked it!
#BestTVShowEver The Wire
Yummy! Palm Greens Cafe/ Palm Springs is now offering 10% off to all Diversity Platinum members!!
of course! Can't wait to hear the new stuff! Show was cool! :)
Nashville. Not super excited at first glance - lots of football schools, mid-level programs. The city should be fun though.
thanks for the invite, Chris! I'm attending with - Is there a link to register?
the trailer park in Atlantic Beach, NC?!
attorney: There's a great deal of uncertainty about even projects that have been approved. Oversight board can decide not to pay.
Just tapped Summer Bright
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading your work.
Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Breaking News: Randy Moss is retarded
Aint nothing going on but the motha fuckin Rent.
Where you at?
excited for tmr. excited for tmr. goodnight internet <3
Lafayette gets out 2 days earlier for summer break than Warhill and Jamestown...
There is something amazing about redefining yourself!
I can only find out by trying
Congrats well deserved, my friend!!!
Morning to you also mam. The #hawks are going to spank that a$$ *CAN'T WAIT* IN BART SCOTT VOICE
Lakers are reminding me that you gotta bring it every single time.
What are you currently doing with your photos? Discuss.
has been tryin for 2yrs to get u to notice her, today is her birthday, please tweet her :)
We will have to make up an occasion to excuse the calories and sugar.
Haha, thanks! it sounds just as great as it looks. Come back and visit, mister!! We need to do happy hours again!
oh, I know about pulsing headaches. I had one today too. I've counted several factors that trigger them, 2 combined are enough
Library doesn't sound right
#brewers - I have the sinking feeling this is going to go into extra innings tonight....
I love Fields I beg you Donnie don't let him go!
it's at 720 right
6 inches long
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you!!!!
UPDATE 1-CI Capital raises Credit Agricole Egypt to hold
Literally hitting REFRESH every 10 seconds to see if I have to work Superbowl Sunday...
and where will the wheels be going down?
smh i heard they were still in stock lol
I hope you follow me and tweet me but I love you and your amazing and you make me smile! :)
I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me
It's amazing what a difference a pixel can make.
it honest to God happened. Life: 1 , Carrie: 0
My sister is the worst driver known to man.
Sidetracked at the largest zombie store in new york - walk.ruined! Must take two bags of ghost stuff back to hotel.
damn on what. Like what
Thanks for the tweet love! We can't wait to see you in October. Lots of great session/speakers to be announced soon.
Mythology? Now that sounds fun. I'm having a good day. Yummy lunch with my Mama!
Talking up and to !
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, (AASHRM) at Anne Arundel Co. Public Schools Offices
Took advantage of yesterday's warm and sunny weather to eat & shop at Easton! My husband made out well- 2 suits, a tie and shoes!
haha no! Just sometimes
Haha it's the first time i've watched it in forever
My first birthday present where the giver has asked for something in return.
yea hopefully lol bt thank u, u too. (:
Just got my mom home from the Hospital. She couldn't breath because of a bad heart of 15 that's the lowest a person can live with.She is 64.
class and self-respect.
It's days like this that remind me why I absolutely love living in NYC.
Good workout at La fitness
#143 your stunning <3 I'm gonna have to go with Harry or Zayn :D
Are you kidding me? I shop for office supplies like most women shop for shoes. I have a stockpile of Post-Its, notebooks and pens.
What is your opinion of the tool, translation memory and the how it relates to the context of translation?
Ah, it must have been Thanks for that! Great talk,
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
how have I not seen you yet??
Tour Stop is interviewing Stone Sour, Hellyeah and Hail the Villain in a few days, send us your questions for the bands.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the debt.
Why is it Every time I Succeed At Something I Have Doubts
350 crunches and interval running. Tomorrow it will be hot yoga. Getting ready for this beautiful Seattle summer!
"..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities". Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo.
Valentine's day comment for men, Lets step it up & get something around the house repaired or new, for extra points, dont u like extra point
Wow! MT : Fantastic results. : Colicchio says Rick Bayless' restaurant biz up 200% after TC MASTERS.
Happy to celebrate the successes of tonight! A big thank you to Kevin and his continued dedication!
only costumes...“: Thank you for your swift response. Not even paint or powder #OnDeRoad?! #csom”
Gives me a good excuse to plant myself by the window with a book and a hot cup of tea. How was Rubbish?
I hope none! Totally creepy and weird!!
Spongebob is absorbant. He lives at the bottom of a bikini. Conclusion, Spongebob is a tampon.
Night night homies!
TIVA/WIFV Networking Happy Hour in DC tomorrow!!
cute isn't it?
Great BADRAP chat. Thanks. They rock.
More like "Leader? In the Clubhouse!"
Happy people plan actions, they don't plan results.
: Thank you for getting the Buddy Bike out there! Hope to ship 2 more Buddy Bikes to you this week! Just confirming details.
So I call to add Mobile to Any Mobile feature & get a delay of 2 weeks. In other words ATT IS NOT OFFERING THE FEATURE STARTING TODAY?
take it to the bridge steve!
DUK: Coupon Codes can B found by doing a search on the vendors name + coupon code. Simple put in at checkout & save percentage of your buy.
I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job!!
thanks for the RT
she looks like a strung out Bob Dylan in that pic. But I like it. haha
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh.
I've been wondering about it and I love Ski ball!!!
hey what up........dont no what to tweet so what up......(to random wierd poeple)heheheheheheheheheehehehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg my mother is gonna drive me crazy !!!!!
You ain't got no pancake mix!
Welcome. Follow back? Please.
Gross neckbeard patches- gone.
let's go red sox! Clap clap clap clap clap!
oh no..someone brought peanut M&Ms into the office... we all remember my addition to the big jar of those at !!
If your not weird then ur not GRAND.<3
Newt says the elites in Washington and New York do not represent the interest of everyday Americans.
maybe if I hear it.. How are you? What's new?
I can't stop laughing
I wanna be as beast as Temperance Brennan on #Bones one day.
I'm really mad at directioners, except the ones that like BTR
gotta get you a blowout boss.
Shaun T you are the definition of INSANE. That workout kicked my ass! My body is going to be screaming tomorrow.
Freshly baked multi grain bread! Can't get enough of this bread stone..
congrats so awesome. What a blessing!
Plans for tonight: check and MATE.
Hopefully today is a Good day .
I love my wonderful boyfriend
Have a great workout.
So imma need bac up if I come over there... Lol
Welcome to Twitter!
how do you feel
Being risk-averse is death. If you're not pissing someone off, you're not doing it right.
Pro Tip: If you install you don't want to leave any trace of your paperwork for it on the unit or in email.
I don't believe it! Could this be Herr Mic? Oh, man, you're changing so fast I'm getting dizzy LOL!
Im not apart of nobody hometeam fuck that free shit pay me
also. I was ready for bed at 6:15. wtf?
yep, vancouver
RT : Starting our Tweetchat on Mental Health in 10mins - join us to discuss awareness, stigma, & more using:
Little stink is getting his ass handed to him.
Just a fangirl..
Let your friends and fam know about me...Up and Coming R&B Producer C.A.P. Cali's Adroit Prospect. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
let's see those vinyl release photos!
Hope you enjoyed the journey on the Road to Hana. Love the comparison!
#itshardwhen you have 12 exams let and half of them are Maths!!!! :'(
Looking for those with experience in applying for #prsa awards. Considering whether to apply or not. It's pricey.
Anyone want to go to The Magic Flute with me? Tomorrow night at Lyric.
happy six months sweety I ľove you so much
Grizzlies vs. OKC Thunder just starting... Who else really wants the Grizzlies to crush OKC?
been thoroughly unimpressed by gibson in this series thus far. maybe not tonight, but this could be the biggest mistake of the series.
Why do I always manage to come to work hungover?
Halverson: for leaders, schools are real-time strategy games!
“: And then we gorged ourselves #mexi #woof” sick feeling...now on to the pasta bar
Astute: By framing his views on #equality as a journey rather than a fait accompli, Obama invited the wavering middle to make the same trip.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Yes indeed...not nearly as strong. Unless we're near a thunderstorm today, the wind shouldn't be bad today or tomorrow either!
i am sorry to hear and I hope he is without pain
speaking of - do you guys know that tonight is pub night at Rye?
Using Nike+ for a personal experiment at work. To see how much I walk on an average day and how many calories I burn as a news photographer.
Happy Friday eve! Orlando: It's about to downpour outside! Be safe!
I got talked into joining an intramural ultimate frisbee team half an hour before the first game...wish me luck!
You get talked about whether your good or bad!
May Dick Clark be enjoying the top 40 countdown in heaven. Hosted American Bandstand most of my life....
hahha, I have no idea what your hashtag means. But searching it implied lesbos. She's hot though, so....
thanks I took echinacea a week ago before I knew I was pregnant or around when I found out. but just realized it said not to
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 52
Look what I got!
hey can you give a shout out to please and thank you,!(:
if it was an act of god, it proved God is a fan ;)
Great point Matt! We're all shocked! Why not pitch to the biggest loser in the league???
With three quarters in the books, UMass is up 7-2 on Towson. Towson finally got on the scoresheet in the third.
yea John Cusack is one of my favorite actors
I hope when I get old, Ashton Kutcher doesn't replace me. He's just awful at that.
Been holding it in but I have to share - so honored to join , , & as a Kay L. Bitter award winner for ISTE!
Good morning friends!
X-Box Kinect and Wii (dance games) Come play X-Box Kinect and Wii (dance games) at One Up Elevated Lounge Tonight and every monday night !
I have been smelling bleach in my apartment all day today, wtf.
yeah, first sticking homework down his pants, then stealing my pencils, & then slamming my fingers.. 
tempers flared cause your team and billechumppp, and redhead stepson Brady lost hommie!!
say ma if a nigga call someone lame but b4 he said anything to you he wanted me to hang with him whos lame
I texted you .
Saving the PC world . . . curing one computer virus at a time!
“: I love messing with people at the register or drive thru...it's fun” And they love putting bodily fluid in your food
I think I might listen to some Mayday Parade today. Celebration for the sake of celebration.
LOL...YEA RIGHT...
who you playing with?
The things you do when no one is looking, are the things that define you
"Nurse Gottabody" LMAO I could watch Martin all day
Do you practice with your golf shoes on?
Can you write a really long Onew imagine for me one day? *A*
Yes. He was stricken my senior year of high school with tragedy.
Even if we let it go you should know i still got it for you.
Very surprised they're pitching to Wieters
hey how you doin 😉
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE VOTE 1-800-868-3411
you so should sit down and speak with me. Worked on a lot of migraines. They are so painful and debilitating. Feel better!
I would if I had gas, not til tomorrow lol.What!? Did they say when you should expect it?
breakfast at Frank's.
Darius Miller played awesome!!
Men: you tell me why it's so hard to put the toilet seat down & I'll tell you why 'women are so complicted'.
Change of plans. Lets giv'r
8 am Thursday. Leave Tuesday at 5. I'll be staying at the Mirage next door.
Is a pooter
I am ready with that code! And u am too excited!!!!!!!
MT : I see from my Timeline that #EmoNegro #1 Tavis Smiley is on with / He loves himself more than anything, ever!
Can't wait to see this years Dove Awards!!!
I think #OOMF b hiding under my bed....lol
You had to be a hell of a woman for Avedon to want to crawl on his knees across the Bronx for you. Quite a life!
im n tha process of jus becumin a better more intelligent more conscience person...nd thats real!!!
go through the school.....:)
Good Morning
iGenii hopes you'll have an amazing weekend!
must use hashtag #spelmuse. Thanks for participation! Try again !
What's the difference between parsley and pussy? Nobody eats parsley.
don't you mean a "Caucasian"
Music is the poetry of the air.
Bug bomb your car? Is that a thing? Can we do that?
waiting on documents from Ala archives and researcher in Macon MS..the anticipation is killing me..like a kid at Christmas time
V That's what happens when takes my iPod.....
I've got some serious swamp right now. And I don't like it
I'm going to be Steve Jobs and drink Washington Apples all night. What's your costume and drink going to be on Oct 29th?
Go Irish! Go #rva! RT : #rva native Will Hudgins (Tucker HS) was named Big East Pitcher of the Week yesterday. Congrats, !
Hi, i am just starting to tweet, so hey !
Up praying, meditating, & reading the word. I need my nourishment after being drained from this world. I have to pace myself for this race.
Moves like Jagger < abs like Jesus.
I broke my headphones. D:
After much thought, voted no. Want to see better alignment. Name wasn't it, neither was way this was handled
damn based god
Thx for following back. Looking forward to meeting you!
Friends! Download the free app, #iappreciate it's the COOLEST ever. Send "appreciative" notes for FREE. I love it! Check it out!!!
are you hinting at something or is it just my wishful thinking?? :)
I am looking for Non-profit groups n charities that are looking to raise more money in 2010. Please feel free to pass along my information.
Apparently not!
Returned the metaphor mixer because a penny saved is worth two in the bush.
#HoeThoughts "We can beat Kentucky in the Final Four."
Feel so sick
So..hello vampires..
Just saw This Means War....by myself.
can any of the fans who bought tix to last night's delayed game be compensated? @ least come to the park to watch the 9th inning?!
Happy 100th Anniversary to my alma mater, ! Here's to the next 100.
Happy Friday Agam! Hope that last tweet doesn't overload your phone...
Thanks for the tease Chicago spring. Back to normal beautiful Feb weather
no constructor craft fair for you?
Mad a.f
Thanks for the follow -
Tall friend:"I'm getting short" Me:NO WERE GETTIN TALLER! Lol smh
hey! Folloow me back :)
where do you go? next time im coming to make a fool of myself!
TACOS FOR SUPPER. time to get my fat girl on.
staying up trying to get to notice me and he doesnt even notice me tho #typical #itsallgood ;)
I don't understand how anyone could beat their child. I swear, some people are so sick!
I love that its not even cold out when I walk out side ! (; #makesmehappy!
gotcha I will let you know when there coming
I HATE SCHOOL! 👎
:x we had to sit next to each other in this class & I just told him & he's like o.O that's creepy & I was like you're telling me
I can't wait to see how the blogging challenge goes for your students. It should be a good experience for them.
Barry Bonds sentenced to probation, home confinement in obstruction case
Thanks! Still wish I didn't miss you yesterday, as you and the others are some of my favorites. Hope the tour is going well.
this girl thinks i'm wrong for not talking too a 40 year oldd..ha pathetic!
Can't wait to celebrate the Basketball season w the team tonight! 4th St Live @ 5:30 folks. Be there!
I know they're amazing. have you order his latest book it comes out later this month. Can't wait to read it
Those dreams when you wake up sweating.
Mick Jagger could be Harry's dad (; #VasHappeninBoys love that song.
did you see assistance? was phenomenal in it
Here comes the sun to welcome a new day - Right on!
Constant: things are always changing
I did mane that was my fault haha
where have you been?!
All of Wisconsin can't wait 2 c on
Silly post but just downloaded Twitter to new android phone. New age!
Shady shady shady
ahh is making logos any fun
jammin to "Lookin' At Me By i love this song i wish it would have been a single! Also is the version with Sean paul a demo?
She all on ma dick cuz I make a lot of money ' but idk why cuz she get none from me
haha good point. They'd end up colonizing the rest of NA.
haha Its some cheap stuff I got at mandee's called 818 Sexy Girl knock off of 212 Sexy it smells so good though!!!
I woke up like That
you are crazy ...eggs are gross, pancakes are gross, milk = the nastiest ...breakfast is just trife!
Yeah becuz of school rite ?
Vet in audience at #otn: We all need to fix econ probs. Media needs to help us with movement/spin.
I've missed that! Quite an accolade. I clearly need to go home more.
Hi there. thanks for the shout out :) We did enjoy the short weekend, thank you :) Hope you did, too ^^
cool. Did MTV call u yet?
so, so true, Dave. I know first hand. :) cc:
Coffee is the only thing keeping me going right now
Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC. Anticipate finishing in 2013.
when did jose lopez get back on this team?
i think you need to have a contest for tickets for the be iconic experience!
I'm just a regular user. My tech background doesn't make me automagically understand confusing design.
We're working on costumes for Dirty Ball right now. So excited!
When you're stuck in the middle the best/wise thing to do is keep your mouth closed & keep comments to yourself ...
Hi! No and so bummed to miss it! Prior commitment before I heard about it. I still need to buy the book, too! Mew. You going?
Can you do so regardless of whether it's the best use of your white academic privilege?
lol RT LIS students rejoice librarians roll eyes Lagerfeld to create fragrance that smells of books zite.to/eV3BMl
One step at a time, start today so you can be one step ahead!
Looking for work in healthcare sales around Boston - any leads are appreciated!
EVERYONE'S LIKE OH HARRY AND BECCA OR REBECCA OR SOME SHIT ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER AND IM JUST LIKE WUT
I can't wait for your new single. Everything you do is brilliant<21
Oh baby, my stomach is talking to me.
Always a good time. Get in, Get out, Get on with your day bro...Just bangin it out and rattling that Dr. Roto Guy!
"Just don't mention the war"
Get BizXpenseTracker app. I have it on my iPhone, makes expense recording a breeze. I use it daily.
Looking for a local student from northwest metro currently studying in Japan... know someone? Contact me at or 6127209074
Taking notes nshit
Waiting to find out how much my car will cost me this week. Reading Fred Factor. My boss lent it to me. Anyone read this one before?
Sister: go to sleep Me: NEVER!
OH MY GOD.
that rabbit was HUGE I would not like to see it at a easter egg hunt kids would go crazy
Why does bj get me and Morgan mixed up! I'm not the annoying and evil one!
Was surprised to learn, as well, we graduated same year 1994. Took me till 2006 to finish grad school. How'd you manage so fast?
I'm in a tiny town myself =/ where are you from? and you should check us out on facebook and tell me what you think =]
Hey! Just got back from SAN FRANCISCO!Walt Disney Family Museum=Amazing!
MONA MONA MONA!!!!!!
awesome thanks!
I'm deleting this account..
I have been trying to figure out if there is a way to center align in MarkDown but haven't figured it out - that'd be a great feature
why is it always a lake house? why not a river house, or stream house? creek house? ocean house? no? well fuck you.
Linus VanPelt? Never knew his last name.
We rollin out tonight??
RT : Former Florida #Gators F Corey Brewer will sign with the Dallas #Mavericks, according to ESPN.
God is the only one we need to get our value from - In Christ alone
Thanks stay fresh brotha! Ill see u on set again one day soon hopfully!!
go to youtube and search KARISSA LYNN
Everything is funnier when you tryna be serious
WHAT A NIGHT. Still no sleep though
Amazing night for sailing.
happy bday - hope you're celebrating!
you are...... WOOOMMMPPPP
think he can use the Dave Amos excuse?!
thanks for posting this. I'm going to use it in my access/equity class tomorrow.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
About time. Its very nice :-) RT : see I told U I smile :-p
I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
where can I get one?
Good Morning! Give someone a reason to smile today. Live kind!
nothing just hitting you up see how ya doing
that's great! We all worked together at Ambrosia. We called it organized chaos! :-)
Four Virginians are dead after about 350 of Lord Dunmore’s troops, including run away slaves ambushed Virginia militia near Norfolk.
9/2/44: Transport from Lodz ghetto arrives at Auschwitz; 393 men selected for labor, the remainder of the deportees gassed
The teen contestants missing the Beastie Boys question...still shocked.
Great day at the White House Easter Egg Roll with Track Super Star and Thanks for inspiring the kids!
I just tried to "CTRL V" on my mobile device. This has brought me to a whole new level of professional I would say.
I really wanna go to reenos today with .i hope my bf is DTG cause seriously its been a while.
me too
Congrats, Charlie!
we want to see u smile to u r new York fans smile and follow
There was no ink involved yesterday but I was assured I had nothin to worry about from this point on
omg is your icon real
Thanks my far-away friend! :)
I'm amped I can't wait for June woo
The boys soccer coach is English and looks vaguely like Jason Statham. I love soccer.
tonights casual libations...03 D'Aiguilhe, 09 Decoy Napa Cab. Right bank wins hands down..oh yeah. Too bad i have to be up at crack of 6.30.
Just about pooped myself
Everything about austin is perfect <3
Just so we're all on the same page, food that makes you poop a lot is the best
Spurs better have another powerful second half
RT : Everything can be taken away in an instant.
Photographing not one but two historic houses = awesome weekend on the Raritan in central NJ
Oh, I'll have to let my little cousin know. She just adored the series. Thanks for the heads up! :)
I think song IF YOU DONT WANT TO LOVE ME is HOT and the video, its #1 in my book. Cant wait til her new music come out
The world could use more Mark Ruffalo.
Cavs own Miami's first next year. In the Sessions deal, they got the right to swap it with the Lakers pick next year
ok then !thank you (:
He's already talking about stealing my idea and appropriating it as content.
Google AdWords Question - What is your favorite AdWords report?
Depends on the seams. All too often they're obvious, and make life painful for users & devs.
I really don't want to be @ work today, but sitting at home wont put money in my pocket.
haha that's how we do @
Happy Monday Rockstars! Hope you have a great week!
Don't ever call me a dyke. I will go crazy on you.
You are a genius. Thank you! Seriously how do you know this?
May get the opportunity to see "The Hunger Games" tonight! Send me positivity!
Early morning commercial shoot.
: hey check out #Athousandandonenights on its a great song from
yall was beast in the video girls talkin bout
Looking work with real estate agent from all over the world. Please call me or visit my website www.kinworth.com
it's amazing seeing my boyfriend every day <3
At The Path Home Job Fair, Brownsburg American Legion Post 12 Noon - 4 PM , AAR Aircraft, Home Depot and others!
"Chickens need to be protected, hang the chicken farmers" - Preacher Man - Adventures of JAB
Well, maybe not pull on during sex but cuddling, she's gonna play with your hair or when you're kissing lol. I mean, I do :p
Why do we not have this ability yet? I always write posts in my head while driving or falling asleep, but never go further.
President & CEO of VI, Dr. Armando Guavara will be speaking at the XVII Costa Rica ESRI Conference and VI will host a booth. See you There!
lol julie love you i am the die hared tvd fan!!!!!
The pleasure was all ours ! Congrats on the #UDLinks mobile app presentation!
Little known treasure, Milwaukee's Nat'l Soldiers Home is the only one remaining of the 3 original constructed after the Civil War.
I check my tl and see Laker fans and Lebron haters running they mouths.
the fresh maker, we are now twitter buds. Love that Dumas quote. We need to set up a play date. Aviary, Children's Museum etc. ;)
dang mane yu gettin old mane
Going to Belgium and Italy for 3 weeks. Lots of food await me. But will I manage three weeks without burritos and tacos?
what did you think of DD's Dancing last night ?
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
moonlight hike? “ What to in Boulder on so-called "date night" after eating? Is there anything other than "movie or Kitchen Upstairs?
thanks. Very nice of you sir. We like our buzz too
Ōla'i - Hawaiian for earthquake or a pumice stone used to polish canoes.
haha I don't have many things left to pierce! But I'll totally go with :)
Eric , our project manager, just told me that Justin Bieber's Song, Boyfriend, is "His Jam" .... what do you say to that???
there ya go...
Freedom is A LOADED SHOTGUN!
sounds like it possibly. :/ Wuu2?
See you at softball tonight!
Dear Lord, Please help me I don't want to die
I ordered SNOW CHILD for my library, it looked interesting.
Divekick is only one word. Don't make come after you.
y? I hv probs with my mom and my dad moved when I was 6!!! So now what?!
well Ralph... It means you're picking your nose too much.... Or not enough.
If I get up in three minutes I can say I was up before ten.
Design Tip: Bring warm colors, such as yellow and orange, into your home during the winter season to help your home feel warmer and cozier.
Esky, Falu and Humby coming up for the Royals
Where tf is my vacation?!
come on and get it my lil baby bop!
Cyber bully lesson!!! yea... good stuff... i am such a nerd.
wow #Kobe has played in more #NBAPlayoff games than the entire #Nuggets roster
Hecck Yeah(: I Wanted A Chicago Bulls Snapback So I GOT ONE(; with my name on the side!!! A Northface!
Judy and I are attending Will we see you?!
I can't wait untill tomorrow !!!!!!! What time is it ? and i love you ! :)
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
please do share!
Baking for a special little girl for her Brrr-day! Can we get some snow please????
Global Grind Clothing Banners are ordered!!
so if it's 60%, it's not every time. :-)
idk but I just know that I would be very very sad...
Davey Johnson needs to TAKE A SEAT
I'M RIGHT THERE WITH U!!!
#followfriday just because good stuff about social media
#Brewers almost to the ballpark
I was so angry at them.
happy Pączki day everyone. If I still lived near the D, I'd be up in Hamtramck trying to score some nice ones.
i'm thinking of a four letter word that starts with d.. what word is it ?
Facebook stalk
Oh that's a tough choice, but they're all great schools! Congrats! I'd recommend visiting each and seeing what your gut says.
is a good sport with a sense of humor for my silliness....follow her now and show love..selfish fuxkas!!!
me too. It is too awesome. I would love to eventually work at a store like that.
Hello all! Sorry for the delay! Glad to be with
you're doing some work in this twitter prof pic.
No one bites back as hard on their anger.
Senate Appropriations Committee now underway. SB 1530 (Padilla) went to suspense. Author waived hearing. THANK YOU to all who made contacts.
Inspiring day at Stanford w innovative thinkers organized by
lol oh okay
Parcells! Save the Saints!!
A friend of mine in a $$$ bracket I am in is 16-0 after the first day.
Resist the temptation to jump in and work on the ideas you get. Instead, tackle them first thing next week.
Thats one of my damn pet peeves!
I think "T is nine. Nine years ago my grandfather died and I couldn't go to his funeral because I was on bedrest." *sighs*
Lol RT: In 2011, it is estimated that QR codes were used by 8 people who dont work in marketing, tech or PR; a 50% rise on 2010
watching some rancid episodes of south park in the airport... while someone's 5yr old looks over my sholder... providing ill to minors
Great time dying eggs at midnight. Yup, that's how we do :x
is this a Cars duet?!
no worries, come game time they were ALL Brewers!
