That's SO mean!!! RT : CONFESSION: I drove into a puddle today specifically the splash somebody on the sidewalk
The amazing moment when a question on a test gives the answer to another question.
It's Sunday... relax & enjoy it...
Don't esh-stomp your little last season product shoes at me, honey.
There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
RT : Interesting stat: Justin Bieber's 43 million Facebook fans are more than Romney & Obama’s put together. Seriously? crzy
To my friends at the show: There's a camera at the back of the theater that we can see in the green room. $20 to the first person to flash.
@ @ @ yes, and agencies should accept e- requests. Need strategy for show and conquer.
Like the hire to
hahaha it's truly me! I wish I had my hat right now...
❤ U ~ Call me if you need anything done, except for like taking out the garbage, washing windows or cleaning out that shed. ⊙.◎) ⁰
yup it says he is message him
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're watching tv with your parents and a se scene comes on.
Watching Rampart.
RT Oomf on bullshit y would u give ya digits if u ain't gona reply bak..Wtf!!!-- want me ta smack her?
Get ready! A coaching profession "tsunami" is coming...the T-MAP!! Buckle your assessment seat belts.
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23 NLT)
lol it's just a matter I trying to make it to the finish line man!!
SPECIAL! Go Green and customize your existing website for $100.00. Mention the phrase GREENME! www.gostudiogreen.com
Thanks, Feeling loved!
It's such a letdown when you go to drink your coffee and Its not even hot :(
The menu is changing a Growlers of Gaithersburg. Had a taste of a tart raspberry trippel last night. Due out soon.
Sometimes I feel so alone I just don't know, it feels like I've been down this road before, so lonely and cold...
Going to try frutarian diet all day tomorrow. Ive been doing all fruit in the first half of day and loving it. Digestion is amazing now.
Alright, I officially need to switch to a #CU for all my accounts $5 monthly fee for using my debit card at Bank of America - I think not.
My young bol asked me " bunz everyone in the sock look up to you there" i said nizz everyone in the sock hate me
DAMN this is crazy!!!! I'm watching it now!
One of life's most thought provoking questions. RT : Would you swallow your dogs throw up to save your best friend from dieing?
dont call me poo. p.s. dont ever become a babysitter :)
The best things in life are FREE …. Family, Friends, Smiles, Hugs, Kisses, Love, Sleep, Good Memories
i take showers with my cat. THAT PUSSY DOESN'T FEAR A LITTLE WATER.
lmao they better start listening or else I'll darn them again hahaha.
I want to so bad
Countdown to Kick-Off - GO PREDS!M
no double standard. 'Fair & unbiased' fox news would do the same to Oreilly or Beck if they started kissing babies.
I hope the Nuggets come in more prepared and shock the Fakers in LA.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love it so much that boys were like OMG is it 'Biebers' song and i was like yeah .haha
O MY GOODNESS I LIKE IT. #rebel def.
RT : Don't try to figure out what they want. They don't know what they want.
Today I became an Aunt!!!! I'm so excited to hold her & spoil her!!! Welcome to the world Mackenzi Teresa Chapman!!! Yay <3
#Overthesummer i went to World Of Fun
Best wishes to you and your family in Tampa! I'll catch up with you on your new handle.
Bout to head to Dave & busters & celebrate a friends birthday
Impose: (something unwelcome or forced to be accepted ),most people don't like force used ,.but people do it all the time.Or try!
sorry for my over-enthusiasm. Brewing this morning for the first time in a while, and I'm super excited.
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe believe life it teaches better than book or orator.
YES FOR THIS #BATTLESHIP TRAILER!! Yes Rihanna!!!!
Group project turned party.
Just letting you know "You Loved Me" is my song of the month! It is breaking my heart in the best way! Much Love Sis!
One day I was driving down a road in a small town. When all of the sudden a police car with his siren going came up behind me. I asked th...
Taste of Madison is tomorrow and we will have live music starting at 2:30pm! Jim Ripp, followed by Anthony Cao
I gave my best, it wasn't enough
“: Someone tell me what I'm ever going to do without next year! 😥💔 #sweetbestfriend”
Is he a pirate? : is a boy with scurvy and his wish is to make 10k followers on Twitter
Stay out of the rain. Come and join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square for Jazz brunch. 12pm. Kids eat for free all day.
RT : Its true! RT Reddit traffic has skyrocketed since they went open-source.
#nrb12 standing O for No Other Name
are you going to church?
...but at least I didn't rip off my shell! lol
how's yours?
5/8/1777->B. Arnold: I am happy to find that a late resolve of Congress of the 2nd instant, has restored you to the continental army.
Sandy Frankel is calling on Co. Exec. Brooks to release her 2012 Budget no later than Oct. 2nd, so it can be analyzed prior to the election
There was an RIT prof on Jeopardy last night and I missed it because I was at the homebrewing club meeting. Apparently he won.
help me A or B
That'll be one mini-Dewars or a York Peppermint Patty.
Happy Monday everyone! It's a bit chilly out there this morning. Why not come in for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee!
hehe, what is this hangingwithfriends thing any ways? hangman?
Everyone can calm down now.....im officially in NY
hahahahah it's a decent song...
and killing it at the one and only
Just passed my canine good citizen test!!!! Everyone should feed me now!
so nobody wants to admit they got some booty? -_____- .. coo.
loved how Bree ended coming to louisville
oh stop that
I'm pretty sure I've arrived at this conference for Twitter folks more than anything.
is it me or is peeling boiled eggs the most annoying kitchen task?
that awesome! :) I miss talking to you
Best chemistry class ever.
Want to talk with people while not spoiling details. Feel free to DM or Facebook message me!
That's the beauty of having the #codcon12 planning committee finalize the program 24 months in advance!
My fingers are crossed too! I really loved this book!
12 day work schedule whew I'm going in
Hittin the gym...need to sweat out all the booze from Zuma last night. Gotta love Mondays....
jest have to say nice body
My Brother Is Buying Me V.I.P Tickets & Right Now At The Moment I Can't Breathe
Oh no, so sorry.
RT : Who's excited for round 2 tonight: #sunfest ME
How did people survive before Chapstick?
I'm going to sleep. Goodnight all mahomies! We love you Austin! <3 #gn ♥
So I know the suck this year, but you gotta wonder how long a leash Gardenhire has left.
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended. Had tremendous fun.
This is super mysterious. 12 sites? Must be a case for #GirlScoutsRocktheMall!
going out to south holland to go work on a couple projects
Another good game... Will Eli take his team to victory?
Need to make major moves over the next few months
This is the best sounding stage at #sxsw says about #andhow!
Learning that sometimes social media visibility (name, career, company, position, clients) can be looked upon negatively
the link doesnt work
Cooking an epic meal with the best neighbor in the world, the one and only Ian Hooker.
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
love seeing all these great MCA rhymes today. wish they were there for a different reason.
Good to know! I've been waiting for Que but haven't heard much lately. Will check into Elec Pub.
Oahu and the big island! I'm stoked - never been before.
Me, too. RT I'm still confused by this whole thing.
Just get through it in one piece. ;)
Looks like I'm not eating REAL food tonight...
Free BumP J real nigga for life, Shoutout to Derrick Rose man that nigga nice
"The courts have become grotesquely dictatorial and far too powerful." ~Newt Gingrich
That's it, Safari. One too many crashes today. Just set Chrome as my default browser. OH SNAP
why...did Bruce Pearl just get rehired?
The link to Becca's blog is now fixed. Thanks for bringing that to our attn!
not much, just laying in bed :p you?
humans gradually begin to shrink in
Exactly! That is the sweet spot to strive for.
"This is the time to get rid of Donald Trump." -- Obamacare
RT Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
another runoff has been requested, now 9 total for state & congressional races, deadline to request a runoff is Thursday @ noon
hey! Thnx for finding me :)
Here comes the bitch
The text I just got.. Unknown number..
Check us out and download our acoustic demos for free. Tell us what you think. @ www.harkerwolfley.com
RT RT : "Once they see that you're doing better without them, then they decide that they want you back."
RT : got followed by yesterday?! I know where I'm going for drinks this weekend!
she still looks pretty young though!
Laying on my yoga mat thinking? I can't wait for Friday #Dbacks game I'm excited I think I'm just going with my nephew lol :)
bye.... it's stupid to leave but okay.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 2 ALL DA MOTHERS OUT THERE! THX 4 ALL U DO! I SWEAR I APPRECIATE U ALL!
shooting with Chef Tony Maws today at Craigie on Main.
I'm the star of the show and u an extra and we don't need anything extra from the extras. lol
for the HEISMAN TROPHY!!!!
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe
<3 I Love you bestfriend:D
thank you so much! <3
You're too kind!
You coming to Florida while in the States?
i cannot remember a time in my life where I had so much trouble sleeping as I have lately.
throwing Nu Shooz samples around the house
Happy Bird Day Squad! 1017!!!
Good Morning :) Have a good Wednesday! I love you❤
Don't act annoyed I contacted you in the sales department. YOUR COMPANY chose to put that live chat link on the support page.
you are my sad , sad lullaby . Darling , you make me wanna cry a love song .
If ppl cnt C nothing wrong w/ ths bulls game w/ the refs calling ths bogus calls against them! Something wrong. The nba need 2 look at ths
I'm cute, I know. People have told me ;D ahah jkay <3
Got into my first DrawSomething fight just now...
Worst case of the Sunday-night blues.
oh... I guess we have mildly different interpretations of what a taco is.
RT : "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~ Albert Einstein
You want to save the country? Kill all the teenagers.
"This is the Usage Police. I'm afraid we're going to have to confiscate your thesaurus."
go look? :p
Today is national dance day!!
damn. Those are some nice words about me. You're too kind.
i hate all social media its made for people to stalker you more than they already do.
Thank you!!!
Dmv new rules. Keep insurance updated fines start at $250 to $1750
Enjoying the #thatcamp / #GLthatcamp conversation. Thanks for tweeting!
Good afternoon!
This house is a mess.
I LOVE YOUR FACE :D
"mary, do you want to watch a movie?" mary: "yeah! Lets watch talladega nights, because I love pacing and I love will ferrell!"
Making a cover or remix with ; That's All I Really Wanna Do (:
never been. heard good things and bad. let me know how you like it
Idk what's up with all these angry tweets, I'm not in a bad mood at all...
Booby V pissed
Raise your hand if you got silly last night. And retweet this so you receive proper credit.
Oh my god, you're having full fledged convos with Alfonzo. lmao
Psyched to see and at transmedia panel.
u look so good together! i wish Penny an Lenard could be together again!
I don't like to be presumptuous but it's lunch time so I'm going to make a sandwich.
SHE IS THE ONLY WOMAN IN THE WORLD, WHO KNOWS WEAR MEAT, METAL, BE IN A EGG AND REALLY HIGH HEELED!!! I LOVE YOU! Follow back :)
Thoughts are not real, experience is real. Experience each moment fully and you are always in reality.
hey, you're the one who likes the freaky songs! Lmao
Everybody play the game!
How do you say "Go the F**ck to Sleep" in Russian? Join translators tomorrow night to find out! #TranslationMatters,
Ugh, is SO close, yet so far away. I want to hang.
You're very welcome.
Sad fact or happy occasion depending on which side of the equation you're on: People leave ad agencies everyday.
Wow, Sabrina and Troy are both 5 year olds
Just about anyone can agree with this noble sentiment. Back atcha y'all. RT : Happy 2012 friends. Let's make this a great one!
Does anyone know when is back in session?
just received the following message: How old R U and at what age does it become creepy going door2door selling girl scout cookies?
I would like to thank the England goalkeeper for giving hopes to the #USA ! GO TEAM #USA FIFA World Cup
It's amazing seeing Austin's dreams coming true, I just hope he knows that he'll always have his Mahomies supporting him.
Apparently as we come to Best Of 2011 time I'm going to have to confront being the only one who didn't like Lev Grossman's The Magicians.
my cat hates me. I miss Joey so much right now. this has been a hard 6 months without my best friend. He was supposed to 10 this Year
lol key word ARE WE and yhu think im beautiful (thats kinda gay)
I'm giving up online purchases for Lent. For me that's big. That and meat.
I'm pretty sure the baseball fights are over so everyone can stop crying!
solid win by over veteran American Robert Kendrick at 100K Dallas Challenger
free rent 0:-)
from vengeance demon to tech guru. What gives?
Pretty sure my new favorite thing is the Girl Talk Pandora station.
i'm just that good:) jk it was awesome! I've never done that before!
Even Roy Hibbert is showing up LeBron James down the stretch!
Looks like everyone is on empty. Including the suburban I front of me.
whos down to chit chat with me today, I need a buddy
haha you're welcome... nerd. :)
or if u put money in your bank account.. and your credit cards and debit cards would get heavier.. lmaoo that would be crazy
Thanks for following us!
Can we all agree that Los Angeles is the most interesting, creative, and dynamic city in the U.S.? There isn't even any real competition.
": I think my iPhone is broken. I pressed the home button and I'm still at school."
for sure see you soon
hi lil sissie kailey~ good morning~ love you so much my dear lil sis~ have a kaileyriffic day and take care <3
Show tonite in Hatlanta Ga is upstairs from center stage at the Loft: we're on promptly at 8! Bring your hat!
you should do my work and I'll do yours!! Can't believe I didn't think of this before :(
person sitting in front of me on the bus doesn't have the click noise taken off their iPhone
"No good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly." - Psalm 84:11
Yep,me too. G'morning!
WHAT?!?! Tell me you're going to be there...
Nice! Thanks for sharing your
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😨
are you in the springs? we have an event for you! 1/26/12 at Red Noland Pre Owned! 6pm, be there with business cards in hand !
. RT : Submissions will open next month. If you've never spoken at Ignite Boulder before, we want your brains.
I gotta sit here and lie about how im feeling.? Nope .
I can honestly say I waited all week for it
Thank you, Boston, for showing us the love at the 2nd Annual Boston Local Food Festival!!!! Rao's Coffee LOVES BOSTON!!!! <3
Warmth calms screaming babies down: study A new study at the University of Chicago Comer Children’s hospital has found that warmth may
Wishing a happy birthday to my precious Bisous bebe! :-) Celebrating with her tonight in BH.
bummer man.. used to be my fav brunch spot ~2004-07 but they kind of fell off. Been lookin for my sure fire Sunday spot ever since.
Bulls vs Spurs tonite.. ESPN
At wrkn on our mew camera system with
me pica mucho la espalda / My back is so itchy.
1/2 hour ago it was sex. u better find a story and sticck to it
No!!!!!! Whitney? Soundtrack to my teen years. Wow.
Good morning!
no. no i don't. i must never learn that horrid phrase.
lol okay just seein what's up with my dawg
Motion carries unanimously to support S Texas medical school. Now on to Austin med school proposal.
I feel like a Das Racist concert
Dreaming is Believing
About to head out For Some Mexican food
#Oscars happy to hear Iranian movie #separation won. It's worth watching. Loved the editing.
Fun set tonight at ! Set list: 88 mph>drawer>scrubbadubbin>binox, sheep>what beach?>88 end>coma toast (ending only)
Girls change like the weather, never could be mad that's how GOD made them.....
Doing head shots tonight for Emerge 2012 Emerge NM!
Great party the other day - thank you, I met so many amazing people.
I like how after telling a deep as story...she shakes her head and is like wait what? I was so out of it. lol
The Mad Frog is at 1 E. McMillan Ave. Cincinnati, OH 45221 and now we're on Twitter. Follow us for all concert and promotion announcements!
Making #Easter plans? Celebrate @ #RedMarlin's buffet brunch for the family! PLUS: there’s an underwater Easter egg hunt! Call: 6192241234
"Governments will topple when women show their faces..." Roseanne Barr, July 26, 2011, talking to Amy Goodman on "Democracy Now"...
RIP NATE DOGG!
Our "Team Unbeatable" dodge ball team wants to play, we just cant wear our shirts cause yall beat us 6 years ago! Re-Match?
Watching Sweeney Todd c:<
buying me flowers for my birthday >>> you picked a winner!
I'm sick of waiting. I'm starting my training now!
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
then on to B&N
haha, it's just the way it always is Elin. But I have used for over 2 years. Pink streaks ( :
Peacemakers Campaign Kickoff Webinar - A Simple Way to Counter Islamophobia - Thursday July 28 @ 9pm EST www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
": Ferrets can suffer from depression.” most likely is the case with Rudy
Remember, if there is no good, logical reason for that site to link to you, you don’t want the link
I can't believe she's still alive...
I feel sorry for anyone w/o a smart phone
this seclusion shit is NOT wassup. im seein some things that make me very unhappy.
Everyone loves a comeback story! RT : Without setbacks, there are no comebacks. Comebacks reveal character.
Did u get a hairs cut
Hip Hop changed the world RT “: Hip Hop is a way of life for us........”
Tanning is good lol #tan #guidette wanna be 😝
Dying for a half hour
Enjoying the Dempsey bump. Thanks for the plug!
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ozzie Guillen has to say about anything. Who else?
I second that. RT more excited that I probably should be for the #arduino workshop at
hey DM me!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
was just watching majors and minors and its amazing!!! these kids r awesome!!! i cant wait to c where adam lambert fits in to all of this.
for sure!!! I agree w/ you on that one
I think docs are more or less empowering depending on how passionate you are about the cause/issue
Believing in yourself is an attitude. You weren't an accident. You weren't mass produced. You aren't an assembly-line product. You were …
Braces are off! :3
"Ah yeah. The bounce brothers are here to make you jump!!"
what's up sue!
Are there any Philadelphians out there who are interested in having her ticket? Class is tomorrow night, 7 pm, at Field House, $15.
Study history if you want to understand business.
Partying this whole weekend amd next week u go sell ya body to make up ya rent money
shhhhhhh ladies... the Wisco weather gods will might hear you.
Never bother a girl listening to her iPod. She wants to be alone. She's in her own world.
It's official! world record holder of surfing the largest wave! Congrats!!
First big lesson of the new decade: Getting one's hair cut in the airport is always a gamble.
Who is heading to Jacksonville Carnival?
I am raising a7 yr old PDD,ADHD with speech delays. I feel u
to look @ or listen to??
brad dody!! get it right!
Yeah. Some of us prefer the Internet to be something more than just a customer service platform.
so going commando is your answer? lol
Pfft. I guess my equivalent in KY would be Moon Pies.
Call your sons and daughters! RT ALERT: Phil Humber is perfectly bad through 1/3 of an inning. Find a TV.
Tower Heist? I enjoyed that film. I wish Eddie Murphy was hosting the #Oscars. Sorry, Billy Crystal.
just watch...its getting good.
NO YOU DID NOT. I am Zach Porter. You can not speak to me that way.
Really?! What road?
I'm a LIL worried my chills just turned into sweats
I'm always late for Antosz on Wednesdays
FOR REAL?
i hope we win! GO LADY DEVILS!
Going to watch beast it up in lacrosse!
I haven't had the effort to unfollow them haha, and Im on a following limit because of it -____-
Tyler may seek revenge on Klaus too, which will make for fun drama since Caroline is falling for Klaus.
Is it socially acceptable to bring a cardboard cutout of Alan Rickman to prom?
I hope it means it's still coming, just that Namco Bandai will take it more seriously than Capcom did...
Most People Endure So Much Pain Because They Refuse To let Go Of The Familiar-smb
officially done with school. Feeling good feeling great
you will never follow me </3
Gonna be exhausted tomorrow but I will not rest til I see who wins ! Haha also excited, plays "Boyfriend" live!
Feel like I've been sick forever! ☹... watching #MichaelCollins ,,great movie
I just got a post card in the mail making David look like a lost realtor! He is a true Hoosier and we are proud to support him! SWAG!
Great seeing you. Not the best I've ever looked lol
back to front
I don't like when i have to cancel one event for another cuz they just run to close together
Heads up Nevada as of today, no texting, tweeting or talking on phone without hands free device
needed some help flyering , came through with two very helpful people!
Looking forward to talking about #ACA MT: Guest hosting 3-6pm ET today. Hour 3 Guests:
i luv u
The guy I like, likes my worst enemy. Great I feel the tearing.
Come home to me, come home to me, back into my arms, home where you belong
I didn't know record labels could make peoples mouths water. Wow. Thanks for that.
Cos I have softball Saturday/Sunday & two projects to do hopefully we can figure out somethin for tomorrow
it must be loud talk Saturday. The same phenomenon is going on here at the Garden.
MT : #PdPlus tlking abt how & team are very engaged with audience & world. It's a 2 way convo.
You gotta celebrate the little things:)
Support my girl Dawn!!! #housemusic RT : New MN2S with Reelsoul & Dawn Tallman - now live on !
I love the #Reds like I love #UK and this game is killing me. Sean Marshall is not the guy I want closing, ever
YAY! I got your book.
#OccupySupermarkets is a great idea, we need to take a stand against Big Food's toxic products and support local farms
Wow, thanks for the tip. Does it work?
i have coordination....gravity and i just don't get along! but that would happen hahaha.
Frozen Bananas with chocolate! YUM!
Sorry I meant that to be pic #4 my bad -
come on i know your following more than 3. two i am watching but havent seen an opp yet
Scratch that. There's room on the form for THIRTY-NINE approval signatures.
thank you! great to have the update :)
Gift card for is still waiting to be found!! #RepeatReceipt come find us !!
Great Interview. I become a bigger Kim English fan every time I hear him speak.
Well I hate to say it but Lil Wayne is the best rapper in the world and Kim Kardashian is on top of the world with fashion :) lol
I love overheating tourists ask directions only to find the local likes to talk a lot. "Oh, my cousin is from WI, very similar to Germany!"
great choice! Enjoy :)
Tell me #LasMargaritas,, why do you FAIL so bad at Fujitas?
hubby is trying to write so I respect others works.
- one very important fact; the sun is always shining. You Simply can't see it.
Really enjoying my time here with the family.
Do people tend to buy on tablets the same way as computers?
My first bus ride on NFTA went well!
Picked up so goodies at , you gotta love @ off
lol I know exactly what u mean. But I wanna do something in the medical field. I already have a degree in management. Might go
Some days.. you just feel like you can't catch up.
Done. Floyd proved he was the class of the fight that final round. Judges probably have Money by a big margin but it was closer than that
Gonna make a Response video with my buddy Laly!!! Tmrrow c:
holiday today
why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk? that would have been my sole reason to buy it.
May the poop be with you.
I feel like I'm in some medical horror movie
When drinks chewing tobacco spit >>>>> hahahahaha 😂😂😂
Chili's :)
Solid tanking RT : Batum, Matthews and Crawford are a combined 3 for 17 from field, 1 for 8 on threes, at halftime.
Stoked for our show tonight can't wait to see everyone!
OMG I love Twix.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
The holiday sale started today and the sale starts Thursday. Check them out and support local artists!
I think we have the same phone. LOL Sometime I long for the photo options, but that's it.
Grace is picking up my cap and gown
Germany's bank shouldve known better than entrusting its gold with the NY Fedeal Reserve Bank! Is it still there? I betcha it's GONE!
Yes, not too long ago I was complaining about being the parent of a high schooler soon. Now I am just ready for 8th grade to be over
you are such a bad influence! ;) I'm now addicted to Vera Bradley! :)
Lmfao at my mom giving me permission to be a whore
a little lol
For Hamilton council at large I am going with Bruce Breeden and or Ralph McKinney.
not me
No, press releases are not considered black hat due to dup. They just don't pass link juice until rewritten.
njuice will be in the APP store shortly but in the meantime, you can be apart of the beta test
Tues. Jan 3, 2012 - Today's Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" Topic: Today's Topic comes from one of my favorite quotes from the book:
Yes indeed! Hope all is well up north.
Oh yea definitely, but that was recent which is why I said weird.
including you (x
What about lesser apes, like gibbons?
you take me to heaven just by being you.<3
Used to live off 35th in Wedgewood.. still miss The Broiler!
Well, tbh, I was naming reasons why I assume people don't mention me. But I'll try to do so when I see you on here. Ha ha ha
My view on this season: Complete failure. Alzner had it right. Complete underachievement. Am I proud of how they came together? Yes. But...
Taking a moment to make my personal to-do list... make pointe shoe appt, stop by studio, check on missing costumes, sew, clean, cook dinner
What kind of cereal should we use for next batch of munchies?!!
Sometimes you just need a real good cry. Hello #Netflix and your sad movies. Now I can have an excuse.
Don't I & ur Mom have a say in our future kid name? Lol
hahahaha "nahh juss playin, im hurr ta stay, the way that i talk makes people think im gay" hahaha
heading there as we tweet!
yes that's gross
Wisconsin blows cheese curds!!
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Rock Lobster" by the B-52s
Thanks Enjoy the weekend!
that sounds really good. Save me some lol.
Softball time? Yup! :)
When I die, an automated copy of my obit will be sent out to anyone in the world with my name & attached will be the message "Tag You're It"
Halfprice for next weeks waiting list!
How many camp chefs do you know who tweet? I know one pretty cool guy:
I really can't stand woody Allen. So not watching that one.
I'm thinking about hanging up my new swatch watch, like maybe above the doorway or in the kitchen, cause, i always want to know what time
Class is over, sure come on in ;) I really don't think you need it
Fun fact of the day: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
We are! Glad you love tasc!
#GRAMMYS are the BEST I've ever seen, I want to be a singer so badly,
it was more of a "why is the fit chick stating this" not the "what do u mean" type of huh ...
Actually bout to play little big planet. Again
"We [Seattle downtown area] need to continue to develop an environment that attracts and fosters growth" - Kate Joncas, CEO
what about them?
"All that we see or seem, Is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe
panera green tea....I love you.
Thanks! Snapped that in Arizona :) Its new home is in my main room!
RT to play with us! C'mon tell your friends.
Hi Russ! I am almost finished with another image in the Wildfire series. I will email you details very soon.
Thanks! Bring your friends to enjoy our great dogs and other fixins!
emailing with Benny and David re: letters. Emailing Dean re: Mark letter. Have CVs now for all of the advisory board
First speaker, Carolyn Phillips, says DPW's problems have her worried about other city departments. Says she got 3 prop. tax bills last year
Some great new panoramas created yesterday by JJ. See documentation of our documentation in retweet below. Excited to share!
Hey Tom, give us a shout next year for the nations Top 50 Athletic Schedule Posters. We produce the poster for the Razorbacks.
Hello James. Wal-Mart is one of my favorite places to shop with my girls. You can e-mail me at
It's to mother effin early for all this
On Amtrak and just took in the NYC skyline with a sunset backdrop.
“: Waking up from my nap <<<” literally just did the same thing aha
Thanks You as well :)
Just fell up my stairs
Oh hai! I've joined the "cool kids" apparently, with this wonky new Twitter.
meow mix michael
Total overboard with antibacterial hand sanitizer.
No one is ever too young or too male to be a Yenta
playing puck tonight with my boys and gotta show them the old man has still got it!
miss you too bro!!
#Iwishyouwerehere can't wait to see you again
I felt less of a person ..
I just tie dyed them! Lol
Did you know we have an in-house Professional Bridal Consultant? Set up your appointment with her today to discuss your BIG day.405-879-7015
Half Price tickets to see Arturo Sandoval!!!Thur, May 10th and Sun, May 13th, the 10 PM show only.Get tickets online,use code "AS12"
I don't freak out when I see a bee. (lol jk)
Hope you can make it to in October. Are you in the city? - Kenneth Gartman
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked to go on as scheduled. Parkon main campus, no shuttles. Check back here for updates.
I'm thinking the same thing!! INK!! ": I need a new piercing or tattoo!!!! I need to feel some pain!!! (._. )"
that same thing happened to me. It's a bummer :(
the guy girl screwdriver affect: she is the screw-e, I am the screw-er
Starting the long journey back home, already missing my & crews
Refuckingtweet!!!! RT : You know what I really miss? Going to the friday night football games. ferreal.
Nonthing Really! What About You??
Um I have 2 cigs left I'm buzzed and won't drive...maybe I shoulda planned this out a little better before I took that 1st shot
I'm a winner. I am going to win.
just what doctor Cavallaro ordered
Home from Philadelphia!! Now time to get ready for a wedding tomorrow :)
Im in maryland and its hot as shit!
cool cats (:
Brotherofman show tonight at Headhunters in Austin TX 1130pm. 2 super sets!!!!!
I love you.
didn't know it was possible to love and hate someone at the same time but I do
Between thought and expression lies a lifetime
you are hilarious! Thanks for making me laugh every Wednesday night :)
Have fun! Are you buying or selling?
Hi there - we're not affected by the power outage. Sorry! :) Classes should all still be on.
No sleep once again!
Well..bored with this.. Work till 3:00pm all my school work done except my Corrections quiz o.O yah me.. :} rather be at work than home...
Picks for the National Championship matchup? Mine: Butler vs. Kentucky Kentucky takes it all.
Have your friends follow me & come & play in Andersonville
Tunji Lardner: Elections go well, yet governance is still in collapse
can I come to your place for breakfast :)
What does it taste like?
I don't want to be known as the one who sat on the sidelines while everyone else took risks and enjoyed life!
I'm volunteering at a food kitchen this Thanksgiving to remind myself how fortunate I am that I don't own the Houston Astros.
how's MIA?
The IAC Technical Assistance Panel will start at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2 of Indiana Government Center South.
..women out there, have the strength, courage..LOVE capacity to embrace him, love him..battle whatever tries to come & take him?
Ughh... School is so boring:/
Hatch has immediate openings for Warehouse Associates in the MKE area! For details, contact us at 414-272-4544 today!
ugghhh i forgot my password wahh!!
thanks for the support and promotion. Cheers to good art.
Paid performances <<
I hope your wife didnt learn to cook from her mom
My hair looks dope right now .
hay hay :) lol
I LOVE U JUSTIN QueremosNegriniconda AHAHAHH
He's a really smart guy. And it was a really ugly combo. So it had to be.
other fans around the world besides the UK. thank you.
trust in God he will give you the desires of your heart, all of them, he mede you and he knows your wants, he gave you a heart to love
hi! FYI we just got 2 california XL's and 1 red pattern xl in.
congrats on the new furry addition to your family! Please share a pic.I hope your two legged family members are doing well too!
Working in Madison today.....
College baseball is amazing b/c the players get HBP on purpose to help the team
yeah man i dont get on enough but im back!!!!!!! bow
Do you just randomly try to eat them thinking this might be the one that doesn't kill you?
Happy December!!!! Happy Birthday 2 my wonderful brother who is turning 12 today!!!:)
yep i am
It’s easy to eat not-so-great at the office. Break the tradition w/ FITzee #vendingmachines! Get in touch to get one in your workplace!
I need some followers asap
RT : He's not even original in his shittiness. Those are things Jim Norton had said on o&a years ago. #Boring&Lame
Happy Friday!
Hi Lee, no couldn't make the show. Glad your $$ went to good causes. LOL
lol yes, it's so true. you make twitter so much more enjoyable for me, now that i can actually tweet to someone :) hahah
like for the banner?
ready to inbox some $..lol
Come on guys. Hardcore dancing is so stupid. You wanna be aggressive? Go ahead. But whatever that shit is, just makes you look ridiculous.
heavy into the making side of things
I realized a lot today
Did you get that track?
Just Announced: The Chicano Democratic Association endorses Bob Filner for Mayor!
“: One more #FF for the NYC Fam! ” I always got love for the BAY!
Researching all about haunted Indianapolis & IN has been so much fun. We're having a blast incorporating things in to our new show.
Halberstam being (sadly) deceased takes him off the "current" list. But I agree—he's one of the all-time elites.
You know it's bad when you see a 35 year old man at Renos with a teenage girl
:) Ha! You watched! So sweet. Thank you! : you looked and sounded great this morning!! You did proud!!
Lucky dog!! We are stuck in a truck stop in Atlanta, GA. I would kill for gravy & biscuits. All that's here is a Wendys.
I'm going to skip school on Friday and study 's Twitter feed and try to better myself as a person.
Very close - but yes.
We are already proud, even without the new music. (: I mean, to go from being 3rd in X Factor, to selling out a tour?! <33
how did your game go?!
Welcome to the team! Justin Coleman, Claude Ramey, Kat Tavitas, Richele Fowler, Charlie Frank, Scot Dishman, and Edward Kelly
Saying goodbye to Sarah...Moving to NYC to open a new Trekk Office. Watch out world!
Good luck with your X Factor audition this week!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
Still going. My current distance is 6.65 miles. Current song is -
I only printed the pictures! And awe I'm proud of youu!(:
Someone in Twitterverse has annointed Erin as "the goat lady." hahahahaaa
word up bro... Good look
RT : Manning made a mistake today...find out why on the final hour of the Tay & J Show!! Tell me, in Fisher
Me and are being stalked hard core...
true (then we have to go back to Plato uugghhhh). Good to see you tonight! Reminder about next Thurs forthcoming :)
then they get pissed when the teacher yells at them
Treadmill & Gossip Girl.
oh ok
Caught a nice little 45lb sailfish yesterday morning. Good fight. Gotta a few bruises from the rod digging into my hip to prove it!
RT Blake Griffin is so Gay Lmao #KiaSport really guy?
The phones are ringin' My mom and dad are so proud I'm on bandstand. RIP Dick Clark
beautiful morning/early afternoon of knitting, radio, and hanging out.
they not ready for it lol
Let's go bowling.
Note to self...don't itch head with same hand ur smoking with while driving. Causes ciggie burns in ceiling :O
beautiful work, Robert.
will do. love big ed. i think youre the only one i know that listens to the same radio i do. haha.
thanks! I'm happy too! I talked about you a little bit lol, and he said I will be expected to play softball for pep boys ha
Every time I listen to the Marshall Tucker Band I wonder if I am the only one.
On the road again...
One thing I definitely got from my grandfather was his temper.
Planning a trip to Ireland for 2013. What is the one thing you recommend doing?
Bowling with my bitches ;)
: You may have right to forget what you said, but don't have right to make others forget what they heard you say
Well I figured out why Facebook is dead 0_0
downed power lines on I80 thwart our adventure.
haha yikes! If you're looking for less fish, we have the Beefy Texan and a chicken fried steak roll! Not the norm... haha
When I get texts like this, Fwd: Just popped an awesome zit. Wish you were here! >
Scariest day of my life
whoa bitch alert
Just signed up for my 2nd year of volunteering at Tulane's commencement. Anderson Cooper is speaker this year!
im doing the thing where you ask a celebrity a funny question and they write the answer and sign it in you notebook, any good questions?
That awkward moment when won't talk to you because Go Diego Go! Is on.... #umwhat #myboyfriendisfiveyearsold 😁
It is, I recommend it. It's a short, fast read, too. Less than 50 pages but dense with IDEAS.
Great headline
Doron Lamb is the 2nd player at UK to score his 1,000th career point in a national championship game (Pat Riley in 1966)
congrats to for bein my 500th contact on LinkedIn. You win...um...Wiz tickets??? ha
they say we locking da city down ppl say they heard it thru da grapevines #FMG i tell em we jus
Really dont feel like being @ school 2day
thinking "PUSH mad vs. mad" tonight at Rollins 9:15? Do it. Great window into another world. Coach Wilson's energy is infectious
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. - Mahatma Gandhi
A moneyless man goes fast through the market.
#ThatsATurnOff when I see you at the club & you dont want to talk,dance or nothing #wtfareyoudoing here?
Wake up in the morning feeling like Tim Murray. Before I leave, brush my teeth with a little crest because once I leave I ain't coming back
. rightly points out that Square & Über are just different middlemen. So…middle men who are easier/cheaper to deal with.
Dear diary, today I went to a megachurch and ate a deboned pig's face. Both pleasanter than expected! Love, jord.
alright go
Ugh , what happend to that beautiful sun? >.< #hate the rain -.-
Never felt so good
In case Ron Artest (Metta World Peace) doesn't already make millions, now hes releasing a mix tape. Smh
Dan, what is NuRide?
Thank you! I appreciate it. Happy Sunday!
Why are all vinnyss attractive. LOl ceptt this one I know but besides him the rest are like unfunfunf
S\O to.My NF
Just watched Morel-Mares. Seemed like the only punch Morel could land during the fight was his jab. Never came close to hurting Mares.
The changing face of hash tags has me exhausted
oh no! Fritz!
I wanted to order a cup and a shirt from the bookstore
nice. I'll be all over NC this week. Then Boston.
Got folded into the #surveyofdoom for a second time. I DO work with the web! Surprise! cc/
God I love this weather, I'm never gonna live where its cold ever again.
Unofficial Election Results: Easley Sweet Barrel Red - 100% Delicious.
WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org check it out! Sign up for our newsletter
But how can we share with others who teach the same students w/out written plans?
A Whole String Of Bad Economic News Today... via
Hey check it out! I'm texting while bicyc
The good times make the bad times worth our time
It feels like I'm bout to cry but I'm not..
hey r u wearin ur bball jersey to school tomorrow?
Bynum big ass need to come thru BareFace and get laced up.
About to be a good night :)
I'm going to open a school called The Mr. StandClear School of Disembodied Poetics.
whatever bro haha
Wow I was so awkward with tonight...
Always look forward and keep going.
Ok, let me stop feelin' myself .....caus I'm not a celebrity ...Today
A2: Woods' has right idea. Horrible execution. Needs tweaking, and better thought behind it. Concept is great though.
thanks for your reco. I'll check it out
punch brothers tonight. second time seeing them...can't wait to get inspired again.
Some day. Not now. But I could see myself to doing lighthouse duty or Antarctica stuff someday.
follow me on Twitter
Hope my profs dont talk cuz if they do its lik DAMN this kid will not stop with the emails!!!!
Something is WRONG with you girl! I hope you've grown as a person since the race.
Jack White blunderbuss
You know why there was no "next week" on Californication teaser at the end of the show tonight? Only one way it can go. Veer hard, writers.
you can take the girl out of the IE but you can't take the IE out of the girl-- haha ;)
danger is relative.
badass man, really professional looking
Today is Wednesday...don't let the calendars fool you!
Definitely angst, the existential variety.
time to bean him Miller, your pitch count is up ther if they kick you, oh well, get em not screw the warning
Just three bench options is weird.
As for being amused by waving colored pieces of fabric, look at how the richies and the Right worship the "almighty" dollar.
Any artist that can make uFeel LOVE, HAPPINESS, HATE, SORROW & PAIN is a great artist. PERIOD
USA Soccer is in the FIFA Confederations Cup Finals! Watch it live at FOX Sports Grill on June 28th!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you sneeze and no one says bless you
um BITCH idk who you even are. AND IF YOU HATE ME SO GOD DAMN MUCH WHY'D YOU SCROLL DOWN & FIND THAT TWEET? Dumbfucker!
-- TUH Liyah aint pose to to Love NOBODY more than me!!! -______-
I was blown away by Dawes' short set at Club Nokia. Gotta get me some of their CD goodness and quick.
Sure will...
angrier, i do know how to spell... kind of
Trynna find something to Wear
Ebenezer is playing with a Corgi. So much cute!
Thank you for the reply! I wonder how many people become #tarot readers having had a true reading themselves?
my point is, why wouldnt a woman get with a man that doesn't need to act like an alpha male to get what he needs?
Interesting point. Now gossip and bullying is archived for all to see. A new epidemic that needs to be handled.
I say everybodys really cool right? lol
It doesn't work asking yourself if you're there yet. Almost to the Ohio border, sigh.
Feeling so great to be back in my studio!
"The sense that Jackson Pollock could not have been Jackson Pollock without his family is encapsulated here" - New York Times...
Come visit us at our Capitol Pride booth!
ditto here. Was reading about your infamy in the #shephardexpress. Nice to meet ya.
You know a mind is a terrible thing to waste. How 'bout I just went to the bank ATM and a damn fool drove his car in the stall the wrong way
we need to roll down to FCS, and stop wasting money on an exhibition sport. We'll get the same players and actually win a few.
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Understandable! Enjoy the quite moments when you can!
I soo know what u mean...we took food off the ship at every port to feed the poor strays. the locals dont seem to even
You should download Gimp. It's open source.
I thought he tested for high levels of testosterone? I guess all this guessing is why they don't want news before arbitatuon
Tell me about!
NAPA will hold instant mentoring Friday in 517a. Come talk with practitioners about careers outside of the academy
I will never. eat Wendys. again.
On train reading sales conference notes and tax return - so much fun.
Not sure I want that up there...
Ever considered a Krav Maga class?
my cousin pepe told me you could pass your GED test by answering C for all the questions.
#Jealous - Can't wait to hit that RT ": Transformer ride at universal sickest thing ever."
#2000followers FOLLOW ME AND I PROMISE YOU, I WILL FOLLOW BACK! RT?
Finally I can play facebook videos on my iPhone!
it's under your phone settings. Not the twitter app.
niggas really got time ta blow up a chick phone like dat? lol
♡Under - pleasure p.
you have me to live for <3
Sweet! Make love not warcraft :)
Might as well face it, you're addicted to love.
WHATS THE NUMBER TO THE STATION AUSTINS ON?
is disappointing me with all these breakdowns.... *yawns* I'm pretty sure it's probably cuz I'm not rolling. :/
I know I was devastated..
Not so so crazy about the design overhaul. And now I'm getting 502 errors.
Bosma Group next at
Autocorrect keeps changing my attempt to write "tomorrow" into "to Oreos." This means something...
Diamond Design Ideas promotion! Exclusive Uncut Hit Shake It by Shay! Check it out!
Amen. Actually presenting on analog/digital interplay now in San Fran at #KAConnect2012 /
Yeah baby!
#Heroin in AK. A closer look at the epidemic that's claiming a record number of Alaskans in Pt 1 of our series tonight at 10 on
I can't fathom resembling Hoarding: Buried Alive I don't understand the lack of ability to throw away trash or things. Just don't get it.
Tonight #FREE #STANDUPCOMEDY in Santa Monica SHARP!
We’re always looking for ways to save you money and grow your business.
Christmas sweater tomorrow
The average iceberg weighs 20 million tons
yeah you are
No...you really CANT FUX wit payout music. I'm sorry.
- People of interest attract followers. Your team is "on fire." Thanks for being so engaged Holly Watkins and Team!
It feels like 30 degree outside.
I did Bro
April 1st? Don't be a fool, start a contest today and use your friends to get in shape.
sends good vibes to you on Valentine Day!
that doesn't sound too good! But she was protectin him :(
Jazz hands ready!
Hess: "Law interpretation disagreements between fed and states problematic." Reason why federal govt should have interest in accountability
y its too bad..illness should not have stigma..it keeps ppl away who most need suport.Cool you got to knew her non public side
I just want to sleep! Who decides to have a slumber party when we have an 8am meeting?! #GrumpyGills #SourGrapes 😒😡
If you are looking for a flat and fast course that is walker friendly the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon is your race!
Today I'm like superwomen
Awesome workout, Car wash and now open mic... Happy No Excuses Tuesday!
LoL. Nope. You're Not Weird. Haha.
Go on and hate her cause errbody does ;) lalalalalalala
I wanna know what MADD is doing to get that SEO
why does every body hate Chris? Chris is a chill guy
Join author Marc Yves Regis for Haiti After the Earthquake: A Special Tribute at EMIERT's"Power of Multicultural Exhibits" 6/27,HYATT
I'll never forget the peaceful sounds of the amazing waves..I'll be surfing them soon..☀🌊🏄🌊
About to leave work & run some errands FOR work. Never ending..
and didnt invite me... terrible friend lol
Mike Vick is just a beast on MNF!
Oh yeah baby -- has got to be in the tourney. Up 66-59 with with 16 left...
The static's where you'll find me
oh... Thanks.
I think my daughter was the youngest at the show tonight. She had a great time. Thanks to for tickets!
Today will be a good day... :)
Who's going to see them btw? Let me know pretty please :)
A4: P&G Moms ad was killer. My wife (a mom) literally started crying when she watched. That's impact!
Ladies we quickly share where we get our cute shoes or hair done at also share how important it is to get our yearly mammograms. Save a life
Now thats something you don't see.. a mexican guy and a whitegurl....YEAHH BUDDYY!!! haha
Finances, uh. Review, rationalize, control, reduce, free marketing, budget. Hardly sexy, although is presenting ;)
can't wait to watch u tonight:) love u all!!! tell bailey i said hi?:) and please follow me<3
Why does it seem like everyone is talking in code around me? Like I don't know wtf they talking about! Seriously? STOP! Ya'll look stupid!
man, not all KY fans are that harsh! Good luck on where ever u go!! They will b lucky 2 have you!!
Papa is thee best example of what a union can do. He's so clear: farm --> factory, dignity in work, better wages, super politically aware.
Wrapping some of Gia's Christmas presents. (:
AUDUBON ADVENTURES IN MARCH With the Patterson Park Audubon Center. To participate, please RSVP at 410-558-2473 or
omg watching that show right now!!! Good luck to her
At the gym getting it in
Question: Does anyone know of a process by which one can appeal the DMV's ignition interlock requirement based on hardship or other ground…
Barney acts as his wingman, constantly introducing him to women through the game "Have You Met Ted?".
Lolol, my grades, relationships, and life in general is just a roller coaster sometimes! :)
didn't want to be seen as a "gambler" to future employers. No worries, Sarah. It's the "scamming whore" tag that concerns me.
- I'm loving your tweets!
yes its a pain in the ass
haha I honestly thought he knew bball better than this smh
mcdonaldization is a bunch of bullshit they made up to sell text books
omg this MAN is really wearing some UGGs at the airport smh lol
I'm sad that Mandelbrot died. He was an inspiration to the high school me who thought she would be a mathematician. And what beauty!
watching the recruit
So you're going to be Roger and I'm going to be Joan...I hope you dress your part because I'm dressing mine.
LOL word to all moms!
Just posted new photos from day 2 #RSA2012 on Facebook
Had The Best Last Of My Life Last Night.
so how bout them LAKERS !
But Bosh moved big guys out of there and made driving to the lane much easier my friend.
Broncos Country follow 1st pick and new heart and soul of the D, Derek Wolfe. RT : Help me get to 500 followers #BroncosNation!!
Hoot-hoot! Have fun in CA. Still in San Diego?
RT John Elway: "We don't have a Plan B. We're going with Plan A." The Colts didn't have a Plan B either. And they lost 14 games.
ya I love Ud arena. I am looking at coaching but if I don't get a college job I'm gonna get another Jon and coach hs. Wbu?
because you usually aren't expecting it to be on.
I have only flown business class once in my life.
Text You of the day - How young do you really feel...text yourself that number - then live the new young you!!!
Aja that's just hilarious! Where r u from?
Did you know we offer bi-lingual Segway tours? Just call us to make a reservation - 877-866-0966
Is wondering if Steve Jobs can create a device that will prepare my whole meal for me and CLEAN UP!
damn my fool
haha apologies for the reminder ;) im harmless, i swear
what food trucks will be in crystal city soon? how can i find out?
saying #YEE at least once everyday .... yeah #itsamahomiething <3
Mixing, mixing, mixing. I'm never done mixing...
I am creating a show called the bad girls tub. 3 bitches have to sit in a tub for 3 months without fighting.
While it might be overkill, im glad How I Met your Mother is always on TV!
This girl is so drugged up and siting on the ground, and throws up all over herself and the ground..
A moment, a love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs...A Moment--H.S
can't stop watching this show
My cat Chase has run run away and not come home in about a week. I miss him so much. I hope wherever he is he is ok.
Nike golf buy
my parents think i'm asleep too omg
Bluegrass fanatic!!
I love this; another moment for Jessica
Awesome and sweet job Cody.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. ~John Muir
TheHoopGroup thanks for following me on Twitter!
Yes!! Birthday party!!
Watching karate kid...
Do you have an opening for an Entry Level/Intern for an IT position in Seattle? DM me.
so hot mamacita
They say that if you dream about someone, then they are thinking about you. God, what I would give for that to be true rip brian cohan imu
He's a good 'un.
main blog page works fine but individual article links seem to be broken
Nights out...follow-up to Basic, board meeting, Leadership Training and board gathering. I didn't spend this many night out when I drank!
RT : Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt!!"
Commercial actors, get a little ad agency inside baseball on how the other side creates tonight on #ThePitch Now I'll get baseball followers
Off to Portland on the train this morning. Looking forward to some data geekin' with the team there.
Thanks for the liking my FB page! That is my job, which I enjoy. Chess is more of a passion!
Sorry I'm missing you! I've never been before, but it has been WONDERFUL. Huge, huge fun. You have a great time, too!
I love down time with Adele!
Every cup is a solo cup when I hold it. - Han Solo
Wait Maclin had cancer? where was i?
RT : Don't throw in the towel: you'll need it to mop up the floor once you win!
Now that's more like it! Which Le Peep works best for you?
It appears that Mitt is focused primarily on defeating Pres Obama
which includes
Just like that....he was gone
hello, you old friend Martin Fusi from Cameroon at hull university says hello!
That said, I got a ton of feedback tonight that you all loved the all-vinyl program! Thanks for tuning in and being in touch!
Blender needs a setting that makes newly created faces in Edit mode start as smooth shaded.
But his strategy of whining about it is working so well for him!
That's Carole, actually, with an E. Out in July from Counterpoint.
Let's get #MahoneMonday trending ! (: yes ?
You aren't going to vacation, sorry, Alissa!
me and ready to pick you up. Can you give us a call?
I think that's Teflon, not Kevlar…
Um, I kind of love the food here - even the simplest of cooking tastes great - what's the secret? Can't wait to see what sushi is like tomo.
I wish it came with a poster, its like the one poster I actually want
I been sleep damn near the whole day :-/
Sexy Racerback Bra
For real you dont look like it you look like 13 or something
I'm just trying to test the effectiveness of my new camo
So our guitarist left today, do if you play , DM me
I'll buy both no doubt, but I'll wait a while before playing through Ys Origin another 3 times...
Cmpanies who change their reporting should have non-data people as UX testers first. Talk about cluegy, Google Analytics & FB Insights.
Yo I'm tryna start a limp bizkit cover band
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;)
My dad use to always tell me that dancing isn't a real job, unless ima stripper -____-
I sound like a tween girl when I talk about Bieber. Oh well.
RT : if we could turn back the clock, what else would you name the cloud? <--The Borg
personally I'm dying for the Big Time Rush show. I bet there's gonna be a lot of creepy old guys with mustaches.
considering I don't like george w. bush and I block his page
WOW!!!! THIS SHOW IS GOING TO ROCK YOUR WORLD! TICKETS ON SALE NOW, WE OPEN IN A LITTLE OVER A WEEK!!! www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Deion - the #Patriots are a better team for having you with them! Great job today!
rattie with another goal tonight already
how?! I miss u babe how have u been
Don't f*** with wayne, cause when it waynes it pours.
Your ego's cashing checks your body can't cash.
Oh thats okay. Dont reply to my text. I was just exercising my thumbs... No big deal.
Why would you freeze a margarita? Are you saving it for later?
It's always the wrong people who think they're better than everyone else.
love you to.
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet. - Proverb
thanks for the follow and thanks for supporting #STOPSOPA! Would love to listen with you/demo LetsListen some day :)
Only idiots like me walk to the gas station to get condoms lmao .... at least I'm usin em me and Richard got 2 trending
thanks for the retweet!
what is that!!
You are wonderful! Can't wait to see you.
Shawn is in the finals tomorrow. Do u have any time this afternoon to hit with him? It helped him alot last time!
DILL. Always.
LADIES: your body makes you sexy, your face makes you pretty, your smile makes you gorgeous, but your mind makes you beautiful
Just did a survey at the #Exxon, & 5 out of 10 people that go to your average gas station smoke weed
My phones being dumb one moment love
This second bagel is for the All Falls Down type bitches out there who spend all their money partying.
is mighty fine
Bitch you so mutherfuckknq..immature...
Being busy <<<being productive
me ;D cookie dough brownies!
meeting you when i was in high school is one of my fave memories of being a Dukie. thanks for being so nice.
i'vebeen crying for the past 2 hours. I'm not getting over you, and i'm proud to say it. i love you.
Nothing scummy about it. They just don't hand out green cards cause you play soccer. 3/3.
I'm sorry, #drawsomething app is complete garbage. I've waited almost a day for it to update and let me know it's my turn
Man this division is so winnable.
gee and I thought no one had noticed! love your stuff.
good dude. Used to play softball with him. Dude has ups for a short guy
is having company class at Atlas today at 3pm taught by Alina. Join us!
Comic Sans is a horrible font. (It's up there with Scriptina.) Why do people use it to send "professional" emails? *cringes*
Hi Robert, thanks for the follow!
I'll be back in June homie. I'll make sure we get up!
Thumbs up!!!!
Reddick has had his ups and downs tonight, literally.
Ties are perfect for fathersday! www.thesilktie.com
girl, writing my yelp review now...2 stars, and that was really just for atmosphere, like you said
Dir Blewett suggests merged 68th/81St School should be called Victor Berger. Former Berger School (3rd St) now called ML King.
information sent. let me know when you send the information back
thanks! I am feeling better now, but we'll take care of that over the next couple hours. ;-)
wow; I've seriously written for about 10 hours today. some days are just. so. good! (others, not so much, but I am *not* complaining!)
RT : The Uni-verse will support you in your purpose because it made you to fulfill it.
I can't wait for the day that I start my own family
"He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead"
I'm *trying* to read Tweets, email and Facebook at the same time. It's not easy :)
I'm confused about how the tech works. How do you do figure out what they took the picture of without QR?
What's twitter jail like can anyone tell me :/
Every damn day
Haha So funny (Not) You Know I Am Gonna Follow You You Seem Kool. OMFG did i just say that.. oh whatever
Flash Seats needs an iPhone app. Would benefit from it immensely!
Rudy and I cooked some carne asada with pico de gallo and all I ate way too much
I guess u win some & lose some...long as the outcome is income!
LMFAO your stupid girl aha :)
If you pee at one brewery this year, make it pipeworks. 2 way mirrors!
Cute for women age 65 and up, creepy on everyone else.
Thanks for lunch Oh, and you forgot your chips.
On to a homebrewed Extra Special Bitter...bottled May 2009 and still pretty darn good!
Nun much. You?
Where did that Obama attack Ad music come from? An 80's video game?
WooHoo! That's great news.
Ahh! A spider just came out of my pants! No joke! D:
Thank you Stephanie. Wishing you a lovely Weekend hun! : ) XOXOXO
Dammit, universe, stop telling me I have cancer. <whitebloodcells
sodapops and , what a team, great food and fast delivery
I Love That Song<3
#ideas2action Andrew Dolan from Living Social: what of your building helped you work?
I don't care who you are, where you're from what you did as long as you love me.:)
School, game, then with for the rest of the night. :)
GM to you too
your done with your first year of college?
One of my favorite things is having ppl introduce themselves to me when I have my letters on. Never get old!
Houshmazzilly, lock it up. Championship!
I strongly dislike mindless "be safe" comments. What, your friends would run out w golf clubs in a lightning storm but for your sage advice?
The awkward moment when your math teacher asks you if you wanna go to block math 4 TIMES......
Reebok was one of the few that still let stores run on credit and catered to the small stores...it's a shame
RT Make exercise part of your daily routine.
I love you so much..
Go do something outside! It's so nice out right now!
no alumni meet planned at the moment
would you go recut a Chagall and add some feathers? Informed and considered
I Love When In No Idea Carlos Says When I Kiss You & When I Please You (: hehe <3
yea they do
": Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
I have that pattern as my laptop case!
HELP Need to cancel 2 PM flight today. From FLL to MCI. Have been holding for over hr, keep cut off. Pls call 954 294 3777
Thanks to my peejays and ped socks! Happy winter!
Ell keeps sending me to these bars.
Work was good and now im waiting for Jersey Shore
Feeling stirred up for what God is about to do in Crawfordsville tonight!
Yep. I'm still waiting. At least I've had a call finally, to say repair guy is waiting for a woman to get home. Bugger, come here first!
Authenticity is the big one Jonathan!
I have skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Ah! Remembered why I skipped pub trivia tonight. To watch #kidlitchat!
Listen jackasses. I'll change my profile pic when you find me a pic of me in Chiefs gear. I'll wait.
I was going to start a list, but I won't. At least not yet. Let's see how the rest of the evening turns out....
Comedy Cove in Springfield NJ this weekend 9 PM show each night
wow, i love his movies!!
What are the truly democratic spaces in the US? I'd have to vote for the zoo being near the top of the list.
MUSIC IS THE WEAPON OF THE FUTURE..
Lol Breasts and Zombies? Good Lord. I'm on my way over.
Two songs down . Ten to go.
SO MANY CONCERTS! Miranda Lambert also at UCF on February 4th!! Ah!! Hahaha :P
it's a relief to hear other ppl also use tape on cars! Thx! I got Scotch tough duck tape guaranteed no residue for 14 day use :)
in the studio this am. it's your turn
Singing on the phone with him :'D
follow me please? <3
Today was a very... awkward day. :P
RT : Aww, President Obama got Mitt Romney a present - a beautiful Paul Ryan budget anvil necklace. That's sweet.
Truth! I liked their advertising but the education/ general information wasn't as notable.
We are all set with portal access to #MercuryPay Thank you MagTek, Inc.
Depends who the poster's audience is. They might just be posting for benefit of their fellow 13-year-old friends.
Good point. Bacon > everything
Done with all of mjy assignments in class. So lunch soon, then nothing to do when I get back. Woo!
Oh, that's fine. I see how it is.
book a party w/me for a FREE 3day/2night vacation!www.katespassionparties.com
Hey ! Was great to meet u last wknd. I think you might be interested in what & I've been up to. Will email.
I'm sick of the madness..everybody just can't go natural
I think that might be it. Groupanic would work too I suppose. Either way, 6 months is apparently not enough time to get here.
Fantastic!!! Yes, get 'em tomorrow!
Maybe GOP should construct the Binky Bill providing free pacifiers for our far out, leftist "friends"?
may God bless you and your family and ministry today in the name of Jesus!
No one in the #tone wants to help eachother out. Its sad. Work as a team and we can put the city on the map. Z-MIXES pt2
RT The best exercise of faith is one's complete trust and confidence in God..
It's going to be #hothothot in Buffalo today so stop in for some iced coffee!
And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;
One down, two to go.
wanna go to cedar point in ohio best roller coasters bro !
It is not a lack of Gods grace but a lack of your own affections which keep you from his presence!
Cracked my phone worse...awesome.
Dumas can I get in ur fantasy league??
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
The feeling of knowing your about to take a nap>>>
They've just score! And they lost the last two, but hoping this will be the rebound. 7-2-0
needs to come outside. D: It's cold and it would be the best birthday present ever!!
thanks!! Finished on my race pace!!
Over/under 70% of people in fort myers have tats
??? Why the letter c?
Great--let's talk about scheduling in the weeks to come.
Local schools are closed today b/c we had half an inch of snow. Truly I live in the South now.
follow me.
import plane; plane().take_off()
I'm the type of person that if I'm upset, I'm pissed the whole night, and I'll be over it the next day, Unless you bug me about it...
Welcome to virginia were the playas play.....
My bucket list: 4 drumsticks, 2 thighs, 2 mashed potatoes with gravy, and 2 biscuits. Extra crispy… to go.
I did, just a little though lol
To who this may concern !! The UKC paperwork has arrived !
#ushouldnt promise when you're not going to keep it.
Thank you for your support! Sorry to hear about the ACL. We'll do what we can to keep you engaged while you recuperate.
I'll hit them up
#FIMCfunfactory. Gotta love it!!
I want a motorcycle ride so bad!!!
Having Jimmy johns delivered to the barber shop means I can have dinner and a hair cut at the same time. Hurray #productivity!
sounds like something out of Tennessee!
Been sick since last week >:/
That was 3 innings were the Brewers had bases loaded and they finally come through. Cubs bases loaded 1 time and we know what happened.
R.I.P. Adam Yauch
yes, i would! i have several on a pinterest board, that sometimes i just stare at for a while, lol.
its all good
Tried to build the Hillel Succah in the rain yesterday. Hoping for some sunshine today. Love the energy that Succot generates.
Don't miss our final film of the season. 'Never Let Me Go' is a great adaptation of an amazing book. tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
lol i dont know about the thug part....
Wish it would be Lisa. Really don't like her. RT : I think Hulk is going home tonite...sorry Lou, u know I got luv 4u
shall I send you the funds?
So how u gone try to call me.out on my shit.Nigga get out of here.I did tht shit for u.i aint shame.nxt time stay in ur lane my nigga.smh
I spent the afternoon at Chuck E. Cheese without even once screaming. I believe that leaves me just one miracle away from sainthood.
Hey students, have you tried our college special? 9.99 for a Lrg 1-topping, 4 sodas and a photobooth coupon:dine in 5-close w/ valid ID
Lacquer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
spending the last hours with b4 he departs on his summer expedition & vision quest in china, mongolia, russia to france!! <3
As I watch coverage of the tornado damage, I am thankful my wife made it home safe and our home is in tact.
Ha ha. Title is misleading...in that way. RT : Sounds like the best geriatric sex romp of the new year.
based on what im seeing it looks alcohol free.
To be the best you of to beat the best
Wats on my agenda for today?
On Mashable, I wish I could filter out: infographics, meme summaries, and X celebrity does Y on social.
Great job to all the runners in the #CbusMarathonTMT!!!!
Happy Monday!! Rise n grind
So what's gonna happen today is and I are gonna eat sum
I know what u mean... He will be back next year!
BASIC females always fall for niggas who have a million tattoos and no job
Amanda doesn't do footjobs sorry guys
thanks for being a part of what we do to make #RVA a better place for all.
The things that knot us together are the things that social networks are good at surfacing. -
shopping through 's closet was a huge success. I can't wait to parade my "new" clothes :)
yes, but i ran it in .0005 seconds
i hope so.
I need some shout wipes. Totes just spilled coffee.
We have to fight for any remaining transparency the public has, modifying policies to comply w/ spirit as technology changes.
agreed ESPECIALLY when that person has more crack than Harlem
Patio closed today. Rebuild and new dining area be built right now. Patio will re-open tomorrow. Looks RAD! BAR STILL OPEN. Cheers
make two dreams come true but following me nd 36
Haha same here! I think we should do something like that for the next event. No matter how much I watch the video, it cracks me up.
Roommate has locked cats in the bathroom rather than killing a carpenter bee herself. Looks like it's time for me to run errands! #disaster!
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
Need Gameplay Programmers for a A studio in San Francisco 4 info
Yes, it limits the pool to those who can work for free. I've never had an internship b/c I've never been able to afford NOT to work.
I did. SNL is good, so far. The band sucked. Timberlake is funny.
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 is replace your diamond at home with a hoe on the streets!
Knowledge is power, but only when you give it back to the community
lmao in weak
I'm at Asuka Japanese Steakhouse in Spring Hill. Not a social call. Nobody here yet. Just waiting. What are you doing?
You're so cute
