There's like officially nothing for me to do besides clean the damn house. Ugh.
Watching all your covers of course.<3 The usual.
I'd be lying if I told you losing you was something I could handle...
I know your pain ;)..same thing being gay couple in f'g AL lol
Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation - All about feed
where have u guys seen it? Did he post a pic?
#dirtyprojectors coming to May just have to go.
GOT TICKETS FOR ONE DIRECTION!
Cotto needs to kiss Mayweather like he kisses his son
It's time to SHOUT! I'm mad AT hell (with righteous indignation) & I'm not going to take it anymore! I'm going to do something about it!
Librarian&#39;s long shot on target for grant
THANK YOU :)
I ADORE YOU JACOB YOU KNOW THAT ?
San Francisco Mother's Day Celebration &quot;The Secret Garden, Discover The Magic ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Asians will never get in the elevator with me, i think they fear me cause i'm brown.
I wish i could take the class "Master Class: Editing James Franco ... With James Franco"
All you need is a chip and a chair...and a real good goalie. I'm thinking that Quick could lead the Kings to Lord Stanley.
Thanks to for all of the great tweets! Welcome aboard!
lol so u crack me up
Thanks for following my twitter feed R'Delle. I love your positive intention.
You all go to Readercon, n'est-ce pas? Should and I go this year?
first aid kit
ah hon i feel so bad for you i hope it goes away soon
"It's so dry, the trees are bribing the dogs."
Wats up ......i see your camo coming up
is putting on the 2012 Oklahoma City Marriott South Asian Bridal Show March 11 stay tuned for details.
There will be another update posted in about 3 hours. I update every Tuesday at 7 a.m. (EST). Feel free to check it out!
As soon as u think u have the ANSWERS ...I change the QUESTIONS
New album from "God Forgives I Don't" drops July 31st on Ross describes it as "a very dark story"
What's on tap this week??? TONIGHT - MIDTOWN/LOFT/PENTHOUSE!! FRIDAY NIGHT - JOSEPHINE! SATURDAY NIGHT - EDEN!!
its ok we all have r bad days rite :)
Should be get me back to XP in 98SE layout.
Pick ups on Thursday. Filling the holes we left when we ran out of time. Funny how it works out for the better usually.
it would make my.night if you please oh please tweeted me
During breaks, splash water on your face while closing your eyes. This has an overall relaxing effect and helps you feel refreshed.
Some of these folks scared to tell the truth.
The only Hunger Game I'm interested in includes me and some Red Velvet.
lmbo, I know you don't care; that's why it's so hilarious....
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday? Tell her a joke on a Monday!
so what we finished third, playoffs are all that matter
Just skipped fag boy for not calling me poppa.
This is a test post. Please ignore. calculus
Blessings! RT “: Shout out to my first born Jordan who turns 12 today! #fiesta!”
Purple, green, and black (and sometimes blue)
Good morning everyone! Got an idea for a new product to be posted on etsy very soon: Crinkle Blankies! Pics coming soon
I was just going to take the day off but I actually have work to do...which sucks! yes red bull is a must
Clean energy also reduces costs and maintenance on all mil facilities
Don't forget to vote in our Celebrity Smile Contest! Check out our Facebook page and scroll down! We'll announce the winner in 2 weeks!
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 1000 followers!
We don't want to quit you! RT : Me & have this food affair......either one of us just can't let go.
lick your webcam
Haven't been on twitter for a while! Ugh that's no bueno! But im back now!
How bout some #FF/RT love? We're 1 away from 700 followers. Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his apple pie before it was cool.
preparing a quote for carpet cleaning and stripping floors for an office building. visit teamgocleaning.com!
I hate being without chapstick.
yo can i get the cardiak drum kit?
how are you woman
My Royal Name. is... HM Queen Olivia Pippa Danglercott of Carmelbury (thanks to E! Online!)
It's not a matter of not knowing how to boycott, but being unable to.
Thanks sweetheart!(:
Sure, go for it!
“: Any Jeff City, MO #SKC fans can catch all of the SKC games at J. Pfenny's on High Street!! ”
thank you for the retweet! you're welcome, Have a great day!
completely agree, there is malicious hacking, but a hacker's main interest is curiosity. hacking=goal of teaching
hahaha um no. I own Sperrys and Fake Keds... I haven't made it up to Dior yet....
We have a special announcement.. LOS ANgeLES..Inbox us ad we will get u on a fREE guest list for tonights #ViperRoom SHow!!
Hopefully, if not it'll keep me out of hell. Lol :D
poor Nick!
yay!! So awesome :)
Y does listen to A7x make me smile
How was Easter!??
off all week, except for friday -_- i need some more hours !
I have to do an essay for gym....
what? Evan? Really?!
The best RT : RT : Cheese Whiz RT : Q1 #FoodieChat You are going to a cheese party, what kind of che
Looking for a Lithuanian translator in New York City. Can anyone help?
because they don't think for themselves they are like beautiful robots
Proverbs 23:10 "Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless."
Going to apple bees in DINA come see me!
mines this one kid who wont shut up
LOL! "damn Sunday school gig..."? LOL!!!!
Actually, Roeske's writing me a ticket.
So jealous, enjoy
if i havent followed you... just tell me and i will... i have been busy for a while... ive been with friends and family for a cuple months
RIP Mr. Brown <3
Thanks for the sympathy, bud.
At the #knicks game with the hubby. Happy Birthday Adam! (And go Jeremy Lin!)
Leaving to San Francisco tonight! Unfortunately, with laptop and books and notebook to keep working on assignments, projects and else :/
New and improved website coming soon!
SUPERMAN No711 ditches lame exposition boxes in favor of eye-pleasing thought bubbles. Thanx go 2 !
And this is especially true where the state failed to make the $2.4 million lifetime Autism costs payment to Autism persons
what was your segment on this morning???
Presenting in a couple of hours with ! If you want to meet the handsome towie star then get down to Bunker Cardiff tonight!
i'm curious to ask, if you had a chance to bring Firefly back to life, would you?
10 commandments of filmmaking: “The first nine are, thou shalt not bore. The tenth is, thou shalt have the right of final cut.”-BILLY WILDER
You're mine. No one else gets you. 😠
wtf then where is it?? And yea, the fact that i was 2 inches away from knocking myself out on the grill made it way worse hahaha
Inspired by #lasvegas people wanting to make changes after #Greenjelly meeting. Happy to see the community wanting to be greener!
is thinking about fly-in-breakfast with the family.
"for libraries we have to think about emerging technologies in terms of platforms vs products'
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!--
GM tweets. Rise & grind. First mothers day& Revlon walk w/o my grandma Difficult. Thx to friends & fam who made day special & easier for me.
No, you THANK !
I know what you're doing right now, reading this and following me ;)
I Shouldn't Say Shit While I'm Mad .
Is something going on with Livingston?
I have spent more time in bed sleeping today than out of it
Dude u need to learn manners then may b they might reply with a hi
thankyou:) im okay right now though
cool! Ooohhh what's ur age?
I Haven't Lost My Mind, It's Backed Up On Disk Somewhere.
The Digital Writing & Research Lab would be pleased to host you if you'll speak for us
Stop bragging about stuff you don't have. Rap lyric..."I'm a boss, I gotsta have it...I got more $$ than whole Dallas Mavericks" -
kids management is a good place to start, and Brand is also good :)
I shouldn't have.. Ah
Pekka Rinne: 41 saves on 43 shots. Jimmy Howard: 19 saves on 22 shots. And, yeah, I'm watching hockey.
no, but I'll check it out; thanks!
said to call you JOEY.... cool?
Happy HAPPY birthday to one of my favorite gals around have a wonderful day xoxo
he can see if i read it!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and will meet =Jesus
OMG I HOPE I DIDN'T FAIL THE STARR TEST EPPP! :/
Sometimes in life you have to just accept what is and move on. Most of the time this is not the case....thank goodness. Happy Thursday.
#BF3 MP or Campaign first? Decisions...
damn just noticed you live 2hours away from me lol if you live in Rochester damn
Headed to to watch the #Badgers game. Say hi if you are there,
Away from home for 4 days at #blogherfood and the husband never touched the litter box. Ole.
Job titles are not our vocation. Vocation is found in the role we master as a servant.
Thanks for tweeting updates re: the Shelley House!
lol. I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep.
no prob follow me
Man i feel like hoopin 🏀🏀🏀
#YouKnowICareWhen I shed a lil tear because that's something I don't do.
So ANGEL had some shit to say about my hair bitch please you a fuckin hater that all talking bout blonde don't fit everybody.
to all you blog-lovers...Check out www.hercampus.com/school/wakeforest/blog for some great posts on a variety of topics!
Im not perfect
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 63F Fair: 63F Fair
but some instructors care more about showing off their skill than making sure students are safe :(
Session done time to rest and do it again 2maro busy
btw my roommate read somewhere that you visited or agreed to visit with Bengals. Can u say pissed lol?! Wants u back w/the Bears!
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
How about them Pack 13-0
Attending briefing with and today to discuss jobs and economy in Miami.
Time to start working again.. Grrr 4 hours to go!
Love you guys! Building up my Southwest Rewards program through you!
. What sets humanities or digital humanities data modeling problems apart from other kinds of problems?
ah I miss you!! I can't believe I haven't ran into you!
Our vacumn makes our house smell like feet?
check into my room at the Luxor then hit the casino floor of course!!!!
I tried, but it's not letting me. Grr, you try lol.
for what it's worth, i never park my car in those spots. but sometimes i do park on top of an Equinox.
": fuck studying... i want a life." Celebrate and live your life NOW
I could always surprise you with a bucket of paint one day?
Sunshine!!!!!!!! Finally
thx! U should start a team. U ladies would kill it walk! :)
hey whatsapp? U are allready in Europe?
I'm not afraid to speak the truth at anytime
A secret is something you tell to one person at a time.
No Kobe, you will NOT top Jordan's flu game. For one, its the first round, not the finals.
the merch table in the back of the room?
hell yeah! it's about time. I'm pretty sure it's my turn tho.
We Buy Ugly Houses Releases Key Points on Selling As Is Homes Homeowners try to move their home in its current condition. This can lead t
Is your car dirty?
Are you still claiming Italy?
I love the spurs, there the only team that can get back at u the next year... CONSTANTLY
This is so uncomfortable
haha don't be a grumpy monkey 🐵🐒🐵🐒
Shooting a cupcake commercial, should be fun! Hope we get to eat the props =)
bout another half or or so then knockin out to dream about her </3
Its a Must That I Distant Myself from The ignorant and Carnal people
Poor Mitt. He just keeps swingin' and missin'
he looks so manly with his shadow!
“Does this mean I get to tweet the wedding from the altar?” She told her sister no, --hold her bouquet and fluff her long ivory train.
Jim Beam had a few really cool 2011 New Year Resolution tweets ~ I'm going to share 3 of my favorites.. what for it.. what for it..... :)
need to do a show in LA!
Woohoo ! Solid Sound Festival 2011 is officially set for June 24-26 @ MASS MoCA in North Adams, MA. Info at www.solidsoundfestival.com
our paths finally cross! :)
I'm realizing the reason I never take naps isn't because I don't have time but because then I can't sleep at night like a normal person!
So true. This has been brutal. RT Thank God for Chris Rock
is working the room! Weaving between the tables and reading name tags."
artistS would be even better :)
that was hilarious man! Bin Laden left the front door open!
Tweet tweet!
..shake something
RT“: I'm going to Hookah Rehab with lmao”
Tyler ik u will just skim over this, but know your fans love you!
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. ~ Jim Rohn
Women are supportive by nature. We don't We want a promise and a plan that it will get better
Appreciate your following us. Added you to our #green list (of course).
Crouch: "Diversity is not about initiatives, it's about process"
Good Day Today ,
The headaches....
I'm bringing Fred. Oh wait, he lives here anyway.
HEY HOPE YOUR WEEKEND IS BLESSED AND FILLED WITH LOVE & HAPPINESS ABUNDANTLY BABE GODBLESS :)
Better off by myself right now, I'm way too focused on achieving my dreams,I wouldn't be able to give a female all the attention she needs.
three way trade with the Union, Chivas and the Redbulls ? this day is getting more interesting!
“ There is no competition.. Its just You vs You!”
The Fenway Brats LIVE Rock&Roll Supershow! Friday night 9:30pm-1am at Who's On First #Boston!
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that is always talking about somebody, but has the most flaws
To start jogging with my baby. Just need a jogging stroller!
u still up?
haha thanks! You too!
I agree I love BIG but PAC was better too Big ain't no slouch though
My name is Rufus & that's the trufus.
I love it man!
In the mail today: homemade cookies from my mom. Something so simple makes me feel so loved!
What an amazing lineup of performers at SoundTown this year. Any idea how one could get a passcode to buy tickets,
I look forward to talking with you.
Caught 5 minutes of primary recall debate. Can someone please explain to me what Barrett has done in MKE so great that warrants a promotion?
SCA AGM registration, check. Hurrah for staff development funds!
#np "Whitney Cooper" by Kw/\Lified.'
I think #California residents should pay more in taxes, and those who've done well should also pay more. NOT. Get real.
Thanks. Sad day.
Cracker Jack and Oreo cookies are vegan...who knew, I sure didn't
say you love, then put it in a love song
And there it is, thanx Rex.
#whenihadamyspace i had more spam than a person with an AOL email account
makin home movies with my friends. might be on youtube. im dead. no arms and one leg. killed by a clown. humilating
is opening for this Wednesday, April 4 at Bring earplugs!
I'm glad my music choices are back in your good favor!
happy easter :)
Can't figure out why I have simultaneous urges for Swedish meatballs and Fritos. Either way, lunchtime.
well winding down my birthday just need a shoutout from good ole
Oh no. She just got comfortable. smh. Get yourself together, Olivia.
I like your face, and your music, and your laugh, and everything else. You're amazing. <21
you guys are doing such a great job! Keep up the hard work
This is making me tear up 😢
It's fascinating how moms seem to have that ability! Happy Mother's Day!
I saw all late.!! Lol. My bad baby boo ha ha
To all the annoying kids in my class that never shut up: SHUT UP. I'm getting a headache -_-.
Sorry, but I cannot get on board with this #smash Bollywood number. #what?
Right now from is interviewing 's
A soundtrack would let you know how to feel. Also you'd know when someone was about to jump out of the closet.
Gang Starr - Take It Personal
in the battle of Derrick vs Derrick, I'll take OUR Derrick! Lol
Ham and Cheese Hot Pockets >
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
mm nothing :P lolol
So now I'm a little sister. :(
high stakes testing...
Just found out that Leslie has never seen the double rainbow video.
Yeah, that's how I learned about sex.
50% of business are using Macs!
dude.... Yall made casino madrid your bitch
Oh shit tomorrows monday. I forgot. Ahh i think i have a science test. Thats cool too. 😒
I believe the discussion begins at the community level. I'm all for honest and mature.
Husband & 4 kids just threw me the BEST 40th Birthday Surprise Party!!!
So much to ship so little time!!!! :D
Man it's gonna be really hot out side! Tomorrow ~shorts & tanks ☀☀
hehe ha...funny!
If I could just fund my philanthropic travels through my highly sought after artwork I would be living my dream. *sigh*
What she said 💢RT : I'm in need of an alcoholic beverage.
making my first for a faculty workshop on "Teaching to the Range" on March 11. new technology makes me nervous, but I'm trying...
Ended testing with a bang!!! Faster then last years time with the new bike. This is going to be a crazy race season :-)
We should!!
Leaving this state soon. #yes!
they have a serious problem on their hands…
Lots of hustling, hacking & designing going on as we get close to the TechStars & Betaspring application deadlines. Wish us luck!
“: If a #Leo cuts you off you are beneath the scum of the earth you are the disgrace of the universe.”<<<<so on time
thank you = ) Glad you like it!
2 days before my birthday and my bday party
I feel like being a kitten. Where is ? Haha
Thanks for the RT - puttin' in work!
When your boyfriend is also your best friend >>>>
Happy Birthday to tha man of
Nichols is talking about career "tracks" as a solution for getting more girls into Science. Won't this just push them further out?
We're a Detroit-based indie (mostly) electronic music label. We've got a ton of exciting new releases in 2012!
hm me? Ha
A Look At Why India's Luxury Market Is Exploding via
Prettiest smiles, saddest stories.
Welcome to all our newest banner Advertisers
"oh, aaahhh" Fireworks at the Annual Dogwood Festival-carnival. See the show on 19 News Nightcast
Today is a new day! Enjoy the people that are around you and add value to their life. You never know how far a smile or kind word will go!
They totally are, I think!
You can't see it cause you got problems too! RT : my friend dont got problems.. Foreal
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet a fellow writer.
Cards are in the air on our 1-3NLH... Double hours are going on until 1pm as well! Come on over and start earning your time for next week!
im slow.
I got the go ahead from Ryan for going to the movies tonight. You ready for nachos and fancy soda? Woo AMC
is my favorite reporter
If I have to hear about the kid that's only practiced 4 times on TN's team again I'm going to throw my tv.
We need a gay guy on the
i don't think you could say michigan:romney what ill:obama or ny/ark:clinton. more like mi:romney what little bighorn:custer.
doing what we do, screwing who we screw
Back in the 901
I'm getting a wicked slipper tan line
Oh, we'll need a cheering squad! :)
#Brewers win in -- it's official -- the worst awesome game of all time.
Impressive! That's a messy job.
strong work! Can't wait to hear details...
Responded. Hopefully my response gives you some direction on where to go with your matter?
May the best of your todays, be the worst of your tomorrows
Final preview tonight. So proud. So sleepy...
n u left ur glasses in da car
swing and a miss
iReal b. And garage band.
Are you serious? Putting your address ONLINE?
Loved being part of the content panel!
i am on tumblr. D":
I think we all agree it's important to #votesmart. Tell us why/how you #votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart tee-shirt!
Good news, Apple just approved the 1.1 update, now with Pie Charts!
Celebrating Dyngus Day at the Chatterbox. Where are you, ?
Did anyone else see that #rollingstone ranked Andy Summers of #police at number 85 in its top 100 guitarists? What a joke.
Post a like for you, THX for the mention as well. Nice site too.
The best way: With my wife () and our two awesome children! RT How will you be spending #Shabbat this week?
we have another player on this idea that the burrito guy says we should make it an app for cell phones. he needs 12 cents
Thanks, they are very much needed/wanted here! Have you all created any at Belmont?
My baby!!
Ya buddy pretty much got a lifetime pass to victors maybe ill use it alot
My 5,000th tweet won me a Katy Perry contest. Had to be the 50th tweet. Oh, the irony. (Coincidence) :]
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: What was the first "blues" recorded on August 10, 1920
Consul Gen of Great Britian to FL - #vivaflorida500 also 250th anniv of Treaty of Paris and British rule in FL.
Everyone needs a little cat humor in their life. I hope you made this ?
Down through the cold lane there to Brighton
Elle Kemper looked okay but the dress was fitted weird up top!
not so much evacuation as everyone continues to marvel outside at the gorgeous weather.
LOVE the bright cerise floral wallpaper in this Indian-inspired summer bedroom bit.ly/lqWIEm
How has new media changed higher ed? The students are the instructors and the instructors are the students.
If you *couldn't care less, why have you tweeted about it so much?
love the ABC app!
Fun chatting with all my guests at the bar tonight! Thanks to all for coming in!
Looking forward to lunch with today!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
absolutely nothing!
We are going to the Saloon after work if you're interested...
I'm not voting for any #Ravens for the #ProBowl because they won't be going there anyway.
Definitely did not mean to sleep for so long.
#ThatEx who would do anything for a piece of ass
what's his name? Am I understanding correctly he is transferring to Ky?
First big shot I've ever seen Gallo hit
Beer me. Had Port Brewing's Mongo at Craft and Commerce. Ridiculously good.
ow That's really nice and sounds exciting. You'll have to treat me when I get there, you ought to :D heheh
RT : Prepping for my session tomorrow #devlearn (Good luck! You're gonna do great)
Did someone get the Grammys confused with the MTV Videos again?
Thanks for the retweets!
i actually killed one of those elevator girls the other day
last november i intentionally overdosed, and i had to go to the hospital. I had a 0% chance of living, but unfortunately i did.
Back in the Vine.
never mind it was an error on my end
I think I hit the recruiting brick wall for the day. On a positive I found a few great people :)
Got my wings...ready for #Spurs to kick ass
I have heard a few people say that Tebow is able to get away with something an Arab American athlete would not be able to say.
And H&M is supposed to be opening this summer too. ^_^
Twitter > Facebook
Hanging with my friend carlee!!!(: I love her!
Thank you for sharing this important information for food allergic families!
big head ass
wants her freaking battlefield 3 copy released now !GAWD DUMMIT!
Lets Show Brian Some Love!! Folow for Follow!!
WE APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT
I AM NOT 16. I AM NOT 15. i am 12. get goin perv, and god bless.!
( For what protecting your love-ones life?
I really like your new website!! I read a lot of your blog & it is very well written!! Congrats;)
Good morning. Time to start my day.
true that I have to pay separately to view the mag I subscribe to on tablet app?
stickK sweepstakes: Announce your stickK activity on facebook using our facebook integration and you could win $20 to S2H. www.stickK.com
will have a nice weekend with my fiancée we will travel to India ! Wyyyyy I'm so happy
Santa Rosians! Get out to today from 11am to 3pm for delicious Chameleon samples! Tweet us some pics, please!
oh trust me thats who im talking about
In the car and out of fucking nowhere I hear, "I'm too sexy for my cat." +10 to the radio station that plays Right Said Fred.
Don't think you can do whatever you want. That's just an illusion...
I suck at tweeting.
The stuff youu do just to make me happy♥(:
Ready for a nap. Gonna eat some lunch and drink some coffee instead
Disbelief ... That niggah really gone...
Knockin at the Door Don't let the Devil In!
I don't want to do this work
I live by the airport, will run over tomorrow morning and pick it up
everytime u think about making money think about how that dollar can be spent to better society.
Never crazy about when Blake is switched out on Gay especially with his knee in that condition. Did about as well as he could though.
Hair Transplant Cost in India and Options
Thanks for reading it! Retweet it too? Thanks!
Im in pittsburgh right now bro
you like boobs
I'm 20 feet away from , and he has no idea I'm staring right at him. :)
yeah I have a lot of work to put in
I just spent a bunch of time watching your videos and i just wanted to say how blessed you are :) would love to collab! HMU soon!
Good point. It should not be an issue to begin with. On any level. Getting it out of federal hands is a start.
I picked up a wandering dog in riverwest. Bongo. Phone # on collar out of service. 262.238.9122. bringing to district 5. Please RT MKE
Last week, long time Wild Things' center fielder Chris Sidick retired. What is your favorite memory of his time with the Wild Things?
Every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters. Mind = Blown.
Lots of upcoming shows (yay)!! Let us know where you're going to be!
The 2012 Spring #AcademySummit kicks off today in Williamsburg, VA for all of our attendees! Be sure to check back for the latest updates!
RT : "And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
don't know.. Do you like Ricky Rudd / Geoff Bodine / and all our normal Monday regulars?
I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your drink on.
Dino @ Bang Salon is great too!! Added bonus-- he's from Pittsburgh!!
Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it.
Thanks for listening Rebecca!
Its def time for a nappy, I just want to sleep my life away! ✌😌💤
First 7 ladies to RSVP sits with me at my table. w/ & || HOSTED by:
No Problem Peyton,i really want a collab by you and haha that would be AWESOME!!!
Thank you! I concur! That's the only reason why I still keep a Blackberry + a combo of an iPad or Air Book is ideal.
You and Christina have to test that theory!
let the kids eat pie!
Feng shui, overwhelming, at first, then just falls into place so exquisitely.
I cop pulls a guy over for weaving, cop asks "you drinking?" Driver says "you buying?"
some fruit sounds good right about now.
My pleasure!
Gift of life.... Cherish it.
I knew it! Showers possible thru 10 am. RT Raining in #CityHeights #NormalHeights #NorthPark on the way to downtown...
the Easter bunny never came to my house
Dr. Mommy and Friends is now the Online Resource for Busy Women!!
Rick Perry is going back to Texas to reassess what he thought God asked him to do.
Go check out our good friends in Dreams Have No Boundaries and throw some love their way!
has a crush, I can tell. (; woot woot.
ATHLETES: Weights and Conditioning make you better... "Sometimes only a change of attitude is needed to convert a duty into an opportunity."
Hope to connect w/ you tonight at the launch. Should be fun. Can't believe we've never met IRL...
in your backyard for few days. Here in Ky and man it's cold!
Manny u rule yay
Great clients make it all worth it -- no off days & all!
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down' ~ Norman Augustine
That's deep!
¡¡¡goddess!!! makes me want to, um, beat you at words w/ friends. O:-)
Benoit & Sergio coming to NYC in December!!!
Lack of solid verbal behavior? See Hart & Risley Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experiences of Young American Childrn
I thought Morrisey was depressing in the 90s. Then I saw him perform in 2011.
Kindle 'solar jacket': when is the iPad one arriving ? assume we'll see branded skins of this too before long ... solar summer is here ha !
you've tossed around the claim 'its a movement' a lot recently. From you're POV what constitutes a movement?
!|||++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
You'll never do it, it's not humanly possible.
I guess I'm leaving for #NYC 2morrow!
Frozen yougurt sounds like a great idea for breakfast! Why not, since regular yougurt is good for bkfast. Enjoy!
"THE MONEY SHOT BABY" twitpic.com/88rw0h BY FOR FEAT:
All of the above plus Feist, MiikeSnow, Mazzy Star, and Florence + the Machine.
- TY 4 sponsoring the 2011 Shoot To Cure event! Can't wait until friday night. :)
Him: You said you got parking tickets for Christmas? Her: Hockey tickets. God no. Anyway we really ham it up. We all go in debt for gifts.
Just shout-out BINGO obnoxiously loud when you win!!
I just watched a calf being born. the show host ate placenta and drank collostrum. woah.
In tears after the epilogue of My Boyfriend Wrote a Book About Me by RIP Emmett (her cat) and Sven (my first cat).
no missed it
feeling so empty ..
Last night's memorial was beautiful and poignant. thank you for highlighting the need of the
What are your kids' favorite exercises?
Facebook fail: I cannot list TheWife as my "wife" or "partner(female)" with the official "Family" tool.
I just want to say that you are a really AMAZING woman!
thank you. Not sure I really had the chance to explain it. I promise it's even cooler! :)
M. Tacos.
Thanks! See you later! :)
My only birthday wish is for no one to spam my Facebook with unsolicited greetings. I guess that makes me a birthday Scrooge, too.
Aww:) yes I can:) come home soon!!
I got so many compliments on my outfit today I feel so loved <33
Why Am I Always Hungry -.-
Looking forward to #Innovate next week! Thanks to our sponsors
"i cant believe this but there are some real nasty [Spambots Fooling My Friends To DM Me Claiming] nasty things being said about [me]."
Question for : How would you advise we approach detection of crap? Should we be suspicious of everything? Even your book?
Good i guess
When you feel you need to start pointing out flaws in the people around you, perhaps you should start with a mirror first.
I know and you know if we get together. The emotions are going to be put to work.
SOFTBALL PLAYS TODAY!!! Come out to the JU Softball Complex at 5pm TODAY!!! Fins host Tulsa!
I didn't get an answer from but I know the truth hurts I've been hurt so much! <3 I still Love him no matter what!
The things I do for friends
Thank you for listing us! Much appreciated! :)
Lost in all the chaos: Broncos just lost Brodrick Bunkley, best run stuffer in the league last year, to the freaking Saints.
My parents are fighting.. :'(
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day!
Not since the 1988 release of MC Hammer's "Let's Get it Started" has America seen a more powerful debut. Welcome
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
had a really fun day with my youth group. :) #bestyouthgroupever!
you got that right! Simply Gorgeous
RT if you smoke weed!
You can't complain about all the wars unless you love your neighbor. Practice what you preach.
oh thanks
Omg emma and her awkward brosures where does she get them and was I the only one who noticed that!!!
Hi - are u tweeting for tonight?
BREAKING: Tim Tebow is now a NY JET!!!
I gotta turn back over to the voice. Xtinas boobs beckon...
San Bruno benefit in the park on sat 25th sept HOOKS headline...
he being creep af
If yo woman run shit in the relationship?she regrets you inside her mind & body
your one of my favorite actors
The Prisoner was never, ever going to translate. Edge of Darkness could have if they'd had the balls to keep it dark throughout.
I HIT FOLLOWING LIMIT. WHY!??
realizing when using that I really need to start saving asap.
forgot their name. their beautiful. incredible. gorgeous. & their reading this right now(:
When your girl is awake, she's always thinking. Feel free to ask "What are you thinking?" She'll always have an answer.
Ready to be off work. Going to be lazy and do lots of gaming!!!
Sat in on the Quidditch practice today.
I'm sure the #Brittana fans all owe an apology. She listened and delivered, Thank her!
Fuck you warning label, maybe I feel like operatig heavy equipment
nope, we just found a non flame coal part of the fire & some tongs.
The weather has been so beautiful..I've been out enjoying it...and I'm not sleepy...I hate having a solar body! Somebody yawn&start a chain!
This guy gave me back go radio's guitar pick omg aw
You were such a pretty pretty pretty pretty face. Well you turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
May is coming up. This summer, we're dropping an EP from one of our best.
I second this! I've heard a lot of good feedback. Thanks for so graciously taking me in as a substitute!
‎11am today - England vs Spain - friendly. open at 10am.
Watching Buehrle's perfect game replay in honor of Humber's!
My David Beckham diet starts tomorrow :-)
Wizards of Waverly Place >>>> 
that would ROCK! I would add it to my TO READ list for sure.
happy birthday Kimora! love you! :D
Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
<----Wishes he could win $1000 just for hearing 10+ songs in a row on Kiss 97.3
haha yeah I feel u... Idk what's wrong with my hometown but I'm glad I left.
yes that's going to be good! They're all going to be good! I hope! Lol
Little: School district is also on Negative Watch, which is not good.
Behind the music Boy George!!!
Gay co-worker walks by, "I'm not gonna get excited until I can work for the govt and get benefits for my lover…" Didn't he mean husband?
You're welcome :) x
Good luck!!!
With the face of an angel girl, you deserve to be treated more than right
not a big fan of an enticing link, then asked for email.
CLOSING DEALS
that sucks
Just pimpin my way through life ;D
sad. that it is all i have to say
There is no such thing as too many tv's, especially during football season!
A great director once told me. just don't quit if nothing else you will succeed through attrition.
How many of my Verizon tweeps are getting iPhones today??
My favorite "Kardashian" is now officially
Thank you to all those who supported the Foundation tonight to fight for a world where women & children are safe from slavery
Craving a Jo Snow cocktail...head to Bar or Wood Fired to imbibe...they'll set you up! Cheers!
got a new single #CashAnotherCheck! #leggo send the link out!
who are the others involved so far?
The Celtics lost because you weren't at the game.
John Tillotson~ A good word is an easy obligation but not to speak ill requires only our silence which costs nothing.
When won't accept the fact that I'm right <<
#itmakesmesmilewhen I have a fresh batch of grade a
Thanks love
Wondering what to eat for lunch?!
I expect another sold out Friday night for
it isn't too late I'm sure??
The Tea Smith is now hiring for our new Old Market location! Tweet if interested!
your piano was so cool!!!!(:loved it!!!<3
Have not had any form of Christmas Ale so far this year... Tonight that may have to change
I wish the white house was like it was in 99
Let's go Predators!
same...bored broke and in need of a massage desperately .
At Flex in a PPR would you start Blount (v SF), Holmes (v NE) or Decker (v SD). Have Harvin (v ARZ) as my WR2.
I ain't Trynna control her ->☝<-
That pass on 3rd down was cold blooded
lol what's wrong with starting over
Omb!!! is turning 18 tomorrow!!! Where has the time gone?? :D
Haters Gon' Hate!
Just got off, but I got a taste for Dairy Queen, might stop up there.
Fuck you and your ridiculously good-looking self.
": Trust and Respect needs to be earned!" I second thatt.
oh yeah..this is the first real long trip we have done with them it hasn't been to to bad better than i thought it was gonna be
I am loving KNKT even more.
my mind is a tricky enemy
Michelle, you really have sensitivity and style!
Advice: always wear your DJ headphones around your neck so you look cool when people take photos.
Nothing feels more relieving, than when you lay on your bed right when you come home from school 
There's no such thing as a no good woman. Every no good woman was made no good by a no good man.
Looking for #UNSIGNEDArtists to colab with, SERIOUS people, if you AINT bout that shit DONT hit me up ! (TWEET ME A LINK TO YALL MUSIC)
Nasser Al-Mahasher - 1995 has been appointed representative director and CEO of S-OIL. He has served as the head of Saudi Petroleum Ltd. ...
Go get'em tiger! RT : In cap and gown ready for nyu graduation
Whose heroes? Obama constantly invokes GOP icons
Is their presence really that heavy in comparison to any other group? Or does it just appear that way?
Spending Fat Tuesday in the office. Need to plan better next year...
Fed invasion of NOT politically motivated? Liar liar pants on fire!!This whole administration is full of it
I want lunch not breakfast. But no doesn't don't till 11 on weekends. Wtf? People want lunch early.
people who make a living torturing stray pets in labs
I love people who love life! Keep living it up, Cindy!
#OREGON Here I come. Hopefully you dont send me back!
great to see you two as well!
Steaks are being cooked. Get in here!!!
Im Finna Take A Nap
About to implement a strategy I learned from Special Ops session at #blend12: let students brainstorm answers to final essay b4 writing it
you say that like that could be a bad thing
Sounds very intriguing ...Yes yes yes
who knows!? bought $10 worth and considering doing more and picking my own numbers this time. did you do quick picks?
Those Celebri-dots are absolutely fabulous! I can't wait to share them with my students as we get ready for Dot Day!
wow that's awesome! Good luck! Does that mean I won't get to see you at the conference? :(
See you and the "crew" this weekend??!
"Newt, I know we're broke but did I get anything 4 Mother's Day?" "A chic spandex skirt, Calista. I even put a picture on Craig's List."
Gotta miss that show at 1234go records tomorrow too. Dang it all! I'll be busy chasing my spirit animal in the woods.
No my sister and brother are in the opening scene. The house the girl was supposed to live was my street.
Singer's over here!!!! Still waiting!!!
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. ~Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Girls only have 1 live weekend in the spring and it was last week . We did adidas best of the west in cali
Yay! :) We'll keep an eye out for some spinning classes in the community. Always open to suggestions though! Have a great day!
DUDE I would totally go to that!
sounds like a successful day to me! Naptime! ;)
Thanks Michelle! We will see you at the Man & Woman of the Year Luncheon March 22!
I wish people were like money. So you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real & which ones are fake.
soon my friend, soon. Schedule is looking pretty booked. You going to Jenny's bday party?
The more you have, the less someone else might have.
No :l
80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out "The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009". Now we're talking.
President Obama declares 7 Kentucky counties disaster areas. Anything you can do to help fellow Kentuckians is appreciated!
Also thanks to all my friends at National Journal for a great three years of covering the budget and appropriations process.
Drink on it by Blake Shelton is definitely my new favorite song <3
I love that you listen to NPR!
I'm still thinking about it lol
You Don't know I Exist But Your Songs Make Me Cry. Turn To You Touched My Heart! I LOVE YOU!❤😣
Clearly, my life (& all academics') is nothing but a protracted simulation to keep me from facing reality. Clearly.
Jesus, take the wheel...of this meeting.
wow, one could purchase a dissertation? my goodness
Hi Val. Welcome to the twitterverse! Happy lurking and tweeting
"I resemble that!! #imgood :-) : doesn't apply to you. You are boys #boysnevergrowup"
Javale McGee gives some of the weakest screens I've ever seen
Wow! sure thinks highly of you!
Be sure to tweet if you'll be in Boston next week for the ACUTA Fall Seminar! The hashtag is
We got a $200 speed camera ticket for allegedly going 20 miles over in a 50mph, on 295 — a highway. This is literally highway robbery.
Festschrift: will I ever use this word?
NO WTF i hate this show i hate it
i know youre probably getting thousands of tweets from fans but i would personally like to say #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
Update: we will not be having a meeting tomorrow.
When you just wanna curl up inna ball & sleep forever.
i have no idea. you?
Bella, I knw what I want for my bday this year. Edward, ?? Bella, Smthing hard and long Edward, WTF? Bella, Ok seriously I NEED YOUR COCK!!
Thanks for the RT!
Sunday morning Mass at Notre Dame - then a walk au Champs Elysees. Lovely in Paris today!
you advertise buy 1, get 1 free whoppers on the restaurant window, you should have your employees follow thru. NOT made my way..
I have to make it out, all your posts are making me hungry ha! RT : Tamales are ready Happy Friday everyone !
": $2 Tuesday tonight go have a sip :)" Make that happen !!!
And we don't have to grade papers.
where are the photos of everyone being arrested for failure to register the protest?
Because when in Rome.....
The more you take responsibility for your past and present, the more you are able to create the future you seek.
I wish studying would die.
Disco! I KILLED DISCO!
#RIPMaryDirectioner i hate when things like these happen... hope youre in a better place xX
no ladies follow you because all you talk about is manly shit like wine and coffee tables. :)
Awsome... is the detox going good? I did the master clease for 13days hardest thing ever!!
how many live fts can you make? sweet score kudos bro, i'm definitely feeling a bracelet this summer
Why does everyone hate on Gary Thorne? I think he does a great job as the play-by-play guy.
I'd rather have my tax dollars go to providing a $40K/year education for a kid with autism than one single person on welfare.
We shall do our best to give the people more of what they want. Thanks for celebrating with us.
my nigga out of town for like 3 days. this gon suck unless we get a party going!
RT RT : congrats to & the for clinching the AL east!
oh well. You guys have a good time?
ok now I have to have a smoke break!
OK, AL, jimmies- small consolation to be in such great company
oh god im gonna look so silly doing my novel tour
Sup shifta met you out in Hollywood . . . I'll be in MIA on Wednesday for a few days.
Amazing outing by Derek Lowe! #CompleteGameShutout Indians win 5-0! Roll Tribe!
Jersey Shore gives me the same feeling as when you hold the door for somebody and they don't say 'thank you'. Same exact.
come play at the laughing horse radical bookstore in Portland! :) #wouldlovethatsohard!
I'm checking bds I don't see all them spins u claim u got! U a payolla nigga no respect!
After a brief delay, I am finally on the plane to #saa11!
Holy cow. Psych finales always have me on the edge on seat, and that cliffhanger. No
Swear Lauren and i act like an old married couple
sounds like it would be a lot of fun! we are planning a blogger event for June and looking fwd to a rewarding experience!
just saw a old mention by you. Sorry to have missed it. Yes. Let's talk soon!
Im in tears, blown away...
Kiss me, I'm Irish (:
why am i such a bitch tho
I want to be back as soon as possible
UCONN needs to close this out.
I miss you! Let's make a plan!!!!
Today was the last day of spring break. I don't want to go to bed because that means break is over.
I didn't know there's a city called King of Prussia...in Pennsylvania
KEEP YOUR HEAD HIGH, and your middle finger HIGHER.
Never eat seafood in a landlocked state.
RT : #sxswedu many Qs about funding for schools .... need to make edu more affordable.
Feature Animation is like a major league sport, many are trying to get in but only a few will make it. Grind hard and even harder after that
I'm going to see #BrandiCarlile at #WolfTrap! She's great!
did you get it ?
Seal must own stock in Starbucks because every other song they are playing today is from his new album.
No doubt!!! Barber knew it instantly “: nothing like an ex-Dallas Cowboy to be a moron.”
RT Happy 62nd Birthday to one of the greatest basketball players of all time Julius "Dr. J" Erving
thx for the follow (;
URL is not working
Good morning, B! Miss you. Hope the writing continues well.
TWEET ME <3
are you guys going to be at the EdLink Panel tomorrow night at Digital Harbor High in Baltimore?
ur my fav ROCKSTAR!! Have a rockin' birthday and thank u for blessing my kids!!
I want I know what people see me as trough there eyes ,
Congrads rangers and lakers!!..moving on!!!!
Glad to see Neville's Notes has returned. Can't wait for Episode 2!
We're still the same, I like that. But then I don't.
I need a partner in crime to attend these fine dancing events with - move here & "shake yer tush in chicago with meh'" ;) xx
Panel 2 says economic growth is lead by optimism and strong leadership. Growth takes work and a commitment to working the plan.
thats what she said
nice collection! Thanks for Sharing :)
I think this is last, w/ roster bonus of $1.5 mil due in camp. Wish we would've went with Gurley instead of Jones last year.
Stumbling as I fall from grace
Philly fans are the most class-less fans in all of sports. They all need to get beat to shit.
Well we know he 'earns' $56k a day to wake up everyday! How could any non-#millionaire vote for him?
Go Team Septa! Whoever you are, congrats!
"BOUND EAST FOR CARDIFF is a really fucking loud play."- Jacquelyn
courts need to provide a structure for high-­conflict parents.
awww he's so tiny!
This goddamn series is going 7.
. Thx for reccomending Monaco DC to ! Hope you can come visit us.
In class and it's blown me lol
What Kind of person stays up all night.?#Mahomies! dont worry Austin! We all love you and we're here for you! <333
miss you too! ") have a great day!
i would love to go shopping with , its like, we're both addicted to shopping. Lol
Ariana does risk things for us.Pretty much everything.She showed us PYHU uncolored,first seconds of tattooed heart and much more.
thnx for the support!
6/6 laptops in this meeting are MBP's
My problem with InDesign will always be that I was trained in Quark. #darkagesoftech?
Thanks you. Should be fun!
good luck!!
Workin it out this morning getting ready gotta get my Gymnast body back man back in the day Gymnastics had me right that's what I need lol
i dare not to play ball in this heat wave
Exactly. What is he thinking?
excited to celebrate the 25th anniv. of the House on Mango Street today! Also anxious to see if new 1st Fri. traffic restric make sense...
Now that was funny! Are you a fan of the show?
I hate it when someone calls me during dinner. Then, immediately after, hits me via email, txt, and FB with 'CALL ME.'. Erm, no.
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale
no what happened
I love how you run away after saying "Slut." You're cool. Lol
Bring it on Black Friday!! We are ready for an awesome day!
You know those albums you know you'll put on repeat for the rest of your life? add new album to that list, seriously i'm inlove
MARCHing into a gorgeous Thursday!
Here's hoping you make par all day long! Have fun, wish I was out there.
Last day with Jamie Isenstein, gonna miss that one tap shoe
3.125% AND I was able to covert to a 15 year and only increase my monthly by $300. Score!
Well my schools band and choir concert is tommorrow and oh what fun....
Cumberland, Maryland: Cannibal country totes obvi.
new media literacies: judgement re: info found online. negotiation, appropriation, play, transmedia navigation, distributed cognition
Back home again in Indiana! Car unloaded, time to do laundry. Can't believe my wonderful weekend with friends in Chicago is over.
#BasketballWives I see TAMI ain't get in that water with them sharks I would have been like Bitch u get in
Happy 150th anniversary of DC #Emancipation!
don't worry about it!! Lol
done sweetie! :)
We just returned from our trip to the Riverwalk today! We had a wonderful time—hope you do too!!
I wasn't talking about today. I was talking about EVERY DAY.
TGIF arrives tonight to meet her god puppy! can't wait
Congrats to and #bearcatnation on a great #bigeast win! GO CATS!
fun RT's! Fans ripping you... Biedenvach ripping refs... Madness baby!
what's that idea? lol
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate all your help!
There's nothing that the road cannot heal.
database design performance MVP
It was amazing,was it?
Good evening #GenYBookClub. We were just talking about the scariest books on #CMLbookchat. Want to weigh in?
Very nice Gerald Clayton concert at the jazz standard tonight with Joe Sanders and Rodney Green.
I don't think I speak for just myself when I say that I wish you tweeted that much every day!
girls who have more to offer than just sex >>>
OMG! I'm thrilled that ur following me! U R beautiful & such an inspiration to me. Loves. :-)
maybe it means ugly nigga . Hm
Time to Spring forward with Danae's Creations....Get Your treats for the Spring!!!
GO #STEELERS!
Taking care of myself spiritually, emotionally, and physically... Progress is a beautiful process!
Yeah, I hate phrases like that. It's OK to use them once in a while.
Got out 3 times
As a prospector I'll put aside politics tonight. Miners of Chile, I stand with you! So you should all vote Ol' Floppy for Mayor!
Headed to school :/ i guess it's not that bad :)
"she loves her mamma's lemonade And hates the sound that goodbyes make She prays one day she'll find someone to need her."
I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month... I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership...
Sometimes waiting for someone to express their feelings you end up finding out the truth during that time.
I'm intrigued: RT : If Ginny were just "shy" or "awkward" the story wouldnt work. She wasnt going to just "get over it"
"... let his displeasure be made known"
Too the MAX
This week is busy .. thinking social skills are the first to go with sleep deprivation .. and focus
Only took about 5 hours to check out of cypress. Unfortunately, half of the nail on my thumb is gone but summer is here in its own way. :)
Everything I Love the Most Gets Taken Away, My Mama and Music Is Next
aye you going out tonight or what??
Great talking to GOP faithful at the Vigo County Lincoln Day Dinner. Thanks for your warm reception and support!
Nice! He's the best available : #Texans draft K Randy Bullock from Texas A&M at No. 161 overall in 5th round”
We're making an IFLP Quick Reference Guide. Any features you want to see highlighted in this guide?
Happy Birthday, Keith!
RT : On KNUS, Lamborn's GOP primary opponent says he would not skip Obama's speech tonight.
u know it lol I love u Kidd follow me
That's a great idea. Let me go talk to some programmers about this!!!
Congrats on being the first of the guys to go! Good luck in Cleveland.
spent the last few minutes of my shift playing along with
I hope all goes well for you
Dont put your trust into anything you have to think twice about....
Live each day as if your life had just begun. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What can be turned into bodies, stored up as selves. We're going to have to :: something else with our loves. Is that so hard to say?
#indieview A1: I give people books all year so I usually ask for bks at XMAS. I want PD James new book & Rules of Civility.
"hello, where is the library?", "Are your bidets comfortable?", "Please pass the Grey Poupon?", "Your shirt is inside out, sir."
but I will def try to do pair up of those w/phones & those without in non AP class.
I thought had potential for disaster. Would venture to say league office had a word with Mr Shows after last UK game he worked
Haha... And the snow has ended.
So freaking excited for #GRAMMYs. It's nice when it's not preempted by a UK basketball game as it was every year I lived in Lexington KY.
Don't pretend like you don't see me when you constantly sub about me.
Cafe owner admits racist remarks
did you get in on google+? any invites to offer?
everything is in the hands of the females. per usual lol
you've had a fur lift since then.
we must speak soon!
been listening to that Lito...
Morning everyone off to work
GOIDMORNING AND GODBLESS IF U WAKE UP TODAY BE THANKFUL FOR JUST THAT!
TONIGHT!!! Monthly #happyhour at Vinoteca. New Winos, come see what we're all about!
is enjoying this beautiful weather by laying out in the sun =)
Finally tired at a descent time, only problem is its actually only 9pm my time...
When Noldy Punched this nigga Marco in the face
Busy Day, into a busy week, Painting Mon. rest of week working on new company and possibly another Film/TV Gig.Any 1 want work, email me!!!
will you sing w/ your helium voice @ the atl concert in 2013? x
I think that some of the ideas that you mention apply to my field - Emergency Medicine. Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
that i am
let me see what I can do. :]
So often people are suspicious of their food - likes it's going to jump up and attack them.
Everything I had going for me was literally shut down today. I am about to snap on somebody
Go digital on those flashcards and reduce, reuse, recycle will be easy as pie, Shelby.
#whenimalone you never cease to cross my mind .. and when you do, i end up smiling, or crying.
what is the '59 in the photo?
Is there a hashtag for the first annual SF International Tea Festival Feb 25? How about #SFTea ?
Clouds and patchy fog this morning - early, that fog is really bad up around Ramona - careful! Sunny 83 El Cajon later, 72 downtown.
h always getting hit in the boob you would think I'm starting too like it..
Forgot to say Happy Birthday when we talked today...hope it's a great one!!
you are such a tweeting whore ;p
RT : As a Republican elected with Republican money.
well finally have a new computer so i'll be setting that bad girl up tonight-peace out!
Steve Smith on TNT just said Lehigh player put a Dukie in the "spin cycle!" #HOP Better change his name from Steve to THIEVE!!!
omg looking at some of my schools dance team pic there so prittey lol
your bestfriend is a wild one.
DONATE....American Heart Association. DONE ala Associacion Americana Del Corazon
Lmao ": Who the hell is that inbreed every time the #Lakers are at the foul line he is yelling. He probably sleeps with his sister."
Although we can never go back to the past, we can always remember how we felt back then.
“ ill give you a ring tomorrow for your boy lebron ♥” ok
RT : "We have had the courage to raise our daughters more like our sons, but not to raise our sons like our daughters." GS.
i miss my best friend, :( we need to hang out soon!
Thank you! You are very kind.
Great Day 1. At the risk of sounding like an enormous loser, I love my job.
What a great visit today at the !
Ready to hear talk about +. I'm sure there are a lot of people on the fence about implementing this platform too.
2012 EASTER BONNET Competition Raises $3677855 for BC/EFA - Broadway World
"It's fun, good times music with a voice that borders on downright sexy." -M. Darlinson (4-star I-Tunes Review)
#HIRING financial analyst with STAT and GAAP in #TAMPA send #RESUME to
What is the best way to buy visitors section tickets for away games? I live in TN and I might make the trip for the Crew game.
OMG #honeybadger Randall is on WWHL! Bad ass.
has revamped the Prints & Photographs Online Catalog. Search more than 1.2 million digitized images! www.loc.gov/pictures
Just saw a guy with a fanny pack... My day is complete already and it's only 10:55am. Nice
“: Jonathan Vilma must feel like the one guy at a college party that got ticketed for underage drinking.”
WISN 12 groundhog does not see shadow. Spring is right around the corner! #wiwx • I like this groundhog better! :)
I wanna see the rap battle >:|
Looking forward to wandering a bit in NYC today. Central Park, MoMA, and more.
#UFC draws more 18-34 viewers on Fox than any college football game this year outside of Alabama/LSU
oh scary. Glad she's ok
I want to rage with you momma
Monotube shocks all around improve ride and enable more precise tuning
Uniting Matter & Spirit: The Role of Art in Education Another Conversation on Beauty tomorrow, 5:30-7:30 pm. Tickets at door.
Thank you so much for the follow, great to get in touch! I'll be sure to send shoutouts your way!
Roll my weed up on it that's an ass tray
We would have gotten along well - I beat box!
you know it
Well some people.
#UniãoDoTwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta Hi! thanks for following!
Today's a fly-a-kite kinda day!
Haha, it feels like that sometimes.
There's gotta be a way to make $$$ using social media...
It all comes down to this.. I miss your morning kiss.. I wont lie im feelin' it
TGIF Heading to AIR Bar for some Happy Hour drinks!
RT : its a hoodie type of day
they should team up with STUD, the South Travis United Democrats
Bitches smut for BC
#yobitv Hello Everyone
just toured Lillstreet -- we are working on a partnership to engage kids in the 47th ward
if a plugin is not activated, then it wouldn't be the culprit.
im so late. i didnt know pandora was on the computer, i thought it was just an app...
Congrats to all the winners and a BIG THANKS to for caring about our kids and taking time to promote ABILITY and dignity.
• Seriously guys, sorry to be a pain. Just making out my sticker budget for the month. Multiple entries allowed or no?
im good, how are u cutie? where you been at stranger
So disappointed !!!!! Terrible finale!!
Look at all the peeps here !
Thank you to everyone that supported Chink! Without you there is NO way we would be able to make this movie! Stay tuned for more updates!
why do you say "shit end"?
sup folks
At ishn/cheiron in session on history of psychoanalysis
we are in intermission right now and I'm seriously love-struck 💘
Where and when are the qualifer(s) to get in for NorCal golfers?
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious. - Bill Meyer
Sooner or later the real you shows up... Keep it real!
...quotation from #HALFtheSKY by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
Do you like Leos (born in August)?
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
Appreciate & reciprocate the #FF Mark! some useful new twitterers in that list as well! Cheers!
Spend your lunch break at Coa and try today's torta, a chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo. ¡Riquísimo!
THE PREGNANCY PROJECT #TT!
Congratulations you Emmy-nominated producer you!
All bulk screen printing orders are 10% off for the next two days!! And giveaways in the retail store! Holy shit!! www.nightowlmerch.com
I guess Rihanna being Gay Now, Trying Something New Chris Brown won't get anymore Cake!, Cake!, Cake!, Cake! Cake! Tell me how you like it!
We take the hassle out of printing and mailing your postcards. Call us today 813-35-UNION We are union!
OMG thats where my fam is from my my grandmother is from Lex.pk my mom was born on the base there
i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me" dirty version/instrumental/acapella
#roc couple that used the billboard to propose made national news. Crazy! Very cute though
Why did it have to rain today??
in my opinion FUCK TRIANGLES GIVE ME HEXAGONS!!
Thank you Joshua, for the tweet and for expressing the sentiment. All the best to you!
Nothing starts my morning of quite as right as when #BarneyStinson and I suit up together.
how old is nike
It is still not working. I am having to use another program until the problem is fixed
Make wishes but don't break mine
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE? <3
Roses are red, violets are blue. You're with her and I'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. I'm just kidding, I want her dead.
There's not enough dicks in this ten feet of locker space I better try to wiggle my ass through everyone instead of waiting.
I just saw a bee for the first time in at least 6 months!
. Peoria resident here. I recommend One World Cafe or Rhythm Kitchen for veggie friendly meals. Good luck to your team!
Friday Humor: "On the other hand, you have different fingers." - Stephen Wright
Great point - advisors/mentors can learn a lot from the relationship too!
I need to go to the barbershop.
20% off any bottles of lotion! Come and get it!
o.m.f.g i forgot to tell you something. :D
"Google Art not a sharing project, but a marketing project"
are there any you are really active in? I think those are better than a bunch you just join *because*
twitter rehab? Yep I understand.
hey bro face time with me.
My 3 year old niece just said: "tia, juan pablo is going to be my boyfriend." Oh man I feel bad for my sister when she gets older.
when is it ! an meg will you dye my hair blonde underneath
well as you get older. ....you do have less control....so....I'm just saying!
. The irony of him spending 20 min on how bad "piracy" is today before getting into how breaches would destroy mkt was lost on him
im in as soon as i figure out my work schedule for that week!(:
yup yup. iMeet isn't until January 2012 :/ I assume we'll get one iCarly episode every other month at the very worst.
I wish I could be spending another night with and Too much fun last night c:
What a great work out...
part 10 to my story is up...if your not reading it get to my favorites and start!! haha hope you guys are liking it :)
New twitter background. My other one was YEARS old.
um What happened? :)
It's 2K sports, not EA Sports, that makes NBA 2K12
Fuck a nigga up if they get in ur face
Me:im so tired of MTV playn' charlie & the choco. factory lik wtf this ain disney channel Zay: aha i dnt like tht movie, it make me dizzy.
Game Time Let's Go Lakers 💜💛
coming to you baby cakes
Another set of keys left at the ETE registration desk. Come id them and pick 'em up.
Couldn't make it to my best friends game today, but good luck 😄👍💜🏀
it's a veritable hurricane of theatrical work w/ the chill as chill can be at its gooey cool center.
Jordan Jansen i love you.
I am taking tomorrow off, but taking orders for next week.
And basbousa is delicious!
lol I was reading my own message
I've been reading all these facebook posts about Jeremy Lin. I'm finally reading about whom he really is - go Jeremy! Represent!
So this random lady photographer took my photo in the subway yesterday! Is that a sign Im getting more famous? :D
you think so? how?
It's a sad day in motorsports. Rest in peace Dan Wheldon :'(
“: I just hope after my death, my neighbors doesn't have to be interviewed to say "but he seemed so normal."” I wouldn't worry
Be yourself because nobody can tell you that you're doing it wrong ~
Had a crazy ass night. Thank god for new york bagels!!!!
you damn right “: NY is not winning three more games .”
This just in: I may have an extra ticket to a delicious Georgian Feast at Levante's in Dupont Circle this Thursday if anyone is free.
five days to learn eight songs
I've been hacked. I have not sent any direct messages. If you get something about "nasty messages" and then it asks you to login - DONT.
>>>>>>> other local bands
Wade makes a shit pass... yells at Cole..
i hate espn leagues! It wont let me move Fister out of the Dl spot. Only options are Dl and drop even when i try to drop other sp
#WaysToGetOffThePhone say: "let me call you back, my battery about to die"
same here. I took it because people told me it would look good for the job search (and learned a lot!)
:-( I hope we can change hearts and minds. Thank you for all you do! :)
why? Did u post that. I was sitting next to my mom when i opened it. No warning.... nothing....
Broccoli Samurai on twitter... ah yeah!
New podcast going up later today... /via ....we can't wait to hear after that awesome set tonight!
Me and will made a remix of look at me now - look at me later look at me later cuz we getting paper eyyy look at me later ...
Let's chat after Sat.
oh it use to be all day. It use to be watchable, I don't really know why they stopped playing videos
I truly love the part where students get all fired up about what they want to argue
WHOS COMING TONIGHT!?!
Looking forward to the JDRF Real Estate Games June 9th, 16 companies joining together for the DCN team this year!
Amen to that. that's the only way to tweet- so to speak
On my way to WHMS. Great -_-
Your dream is not up there in the sky or the stars. It’s right in your heart.
Anytime I see a spider, I automatically assume it's a black widow. That's just good common sense.
How many religious or "special" days do you think the Jewish religion has?? (9) (19) (65) or (310)? Very observant people...
Any update on the Supreme and Inception football group break contest???
oh yeah i know haha i did like hales corners, greendale, and oak creek :) but like how is it, hard?
Just because I know all the words to Hotel California doesn't mean I'd ever sing it at Karaoke!
Must give credit to Fields for the pickup on Wade on that last possession.
hopefully i ACTUALLY get to see you tonight .
#Fodors100 I'm in the #Grande room ... So beautiful!
aww well you're not so bad either ;)
Still continuing the conversation.
man you crazy as h$%%l
that white-boy-rasta-rapper is the poster child for why you shouldn't do drugs.
I was worried the packers would reach on a defender but I like the pick. I know and crew did their home work.
Thanks for following Selah!
Reading Edgar Allan Poe, wondering what an episode of "That's So Raven" inspired by "The Raven" would look like.
Almost forgot her pic ...
thanks max
So true. Our lives improved dramatically when I discovered the Gentle Leader.
Smashed up all that was true
Too many good movies on today
I thought the player were gonna announce...? Didn't know Cal was gonna announce for them.
RT An #Aquarius can either be a clown or very serious
- one more plug for -kidsw/ disabilities learn independence skills for life-don't we all want indepenence?
When is the next Legends home game
because their account is overdrawn.
storyboard almost done... yeay!
mine too!!! Happy new year beautiful!
No, did not tell me..what a failure. I'm sure I know him! What did he look like?
Don't bother fighting negative thinking, the fight gives it power. Instead, listen to the soft voice that loves you.
you guys should come to the movember charity event! solidarity in facial hair!
that one gets me every time. So does 500 days of summer.
Ugh he always watching the sport center..smh
Hey man! I hear it's your birthday! Have a great one!
In bed before 9pm last night..feeling pretty awesome today 😄
We are big fans of Childs Pose today as it is one of the most calming and serene moves in Yoga! Need it after Monday! Namaste!
It's hard to get worked up about something so new. We really don't know anything about long-term effects, good or bad.
Check out our blog on Family Get Togethers today! #specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
I'm a great believer in luck, & I find the harder I work the more I have of it ~ Thomas Jefferson
The Rock N Roll HOF 25th anniv concert is pretty cool. Then U2 played "Magnificent"
Kobe gonna go ham tonight watch 30 points or more
All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together
reminds me of rouse too much
- just read the interviews you gave for - informative and a great read.
good luck Ginger! Enjoyed ur years of hard work in Chicago.
I need you to follow me before I can DM you!
Operation Mother's Day gift: complete
Had Mike McQueary gone to the cops when he caught #Sandusky sodomizing a boy in the shower, #Joe Pa woudn't have been dragged into this mess
good morning
was the voice of the old secretary in Monsters inc.?
I got all ur porn movies do u have real orgasms on screen
Bout to eat this pizza with
I'm getting the KFC shakes, any update on when I can get my fix? :)
This is what dreams are made of
tks for sharing : )
Nah, your just another One Direction fan
I don't know why I can't shake this cough or sniffly nose. Very annoying.
I can watch tv shows about Amish people all day.
It's crazy that is at #400kMahomies . Ive been here since the beginning, and watching him on this journey is amazing <3
If you don't ask, you will never know.
I've finally consumed the Lady Gaga Kool-Aid...just downloaded The Fame for the first time. It's a slow burning love affair.
