Haha I jus remembered the drunk guy at work yesterday who made me give him a high five ✋
Just rode 7 miles on the bike with and worked out a little. Super stoked he is here for my graduation tomorrow!
Academic and Research Libraries talk about their digital projects.
yum. Yum. And YUM!!!
Um Austin says he loves you and that he's sorry and bye.... Yea..,
*there's
RT : Deep cover...RT : Clark Gregg is on THE SHIELD as a serial rapist/murderer. This is strange and upsetting.
that is by far the nicest tweet ever! You made my day!
Move Castle at d up to d 6
a bit crazy.. not as productive as i would have liked...u?
Honey made me veggie dinner, out of this world! Time to work!
fight the good fight, Hans.
The ESA online registration and membership application services will temporarily be out of order on 10 May 2012.
you a Pacers fan or a Heat hater?
"101 Ways to Kill Mr. Cook"
uuuummm could you please stop going to the games I don't go to?
Of course my school lost in all four categories in the Math Olympics. We weren't even prepared for it. :-(
thank you I'm sure everyone appreciates it as much as me <3
RT : Very inspiring and great opportunity, thank you :)
i want volleyball season already ..
"The best part of waking up, is #Folgers in your cup" . . . Cuz who's tryna be up for work anyways?
Thanks! Have a great day!
WHAT IS YOUR LAST NAME
happy mothers day to all!!!!& watching Charlie St. Cloud with my momma's I love this movie !!!!!!!!!!!!
I like dat!!
Uh oo i sense tension with
If we didn't have anything to learn, we wouldn't have anything to become.
I say whats on my mind. I don't care if it offends you. And if I don't like you, trust me, I won't pretend to.
It's the last day of the AIAA-Aerospace Meeting!! We're always happy to be here, looking forward to the next one!
#CrazyzBill says his urethra is burning, and that he may never have a functioning penis again.
following from south of boston
Nothing to do tonight? has a new edition of 12x6 going up at 7:30pm Only $5.00! Come join us!
thank you my friend!!!
I need a hot, sunny day for that. Plus some time to convince the family it's a good idea ;)
wow congrats Rachel!!! So excited for you! Muah
I haven't tweeted on my iPhone until today. Just checked tweets
People don't share noise, they share music. Define instruments that make music in your business...people will share
Everybody loves me you can call me Raymond
RT : :) I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. Donald Trump
K thanks for the inside scoop(:
whos coming to the parade??
This is all Malarky!!!!!
#nw Hoarders, now I remember why I stopped watching this show. I stopped sympathizing with the ppl hoarding
Some of y'all so called heat Fans Still dont understand The Game of Basketball
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Honey, I Shrunk The Titties
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 22
Not even NYC traffic can play D on Heat. RT : Close call - Chris Bosh got stuck in traffic but made it to Garden before tip.
Thanks. It's going to be a very casual trip. 2 parks. House of Blues. Pool Time. Quick Trip.
Average American work week now between 50-55 hours. So, how do you take time out for yourself and family. explains:...
How fun! What was the piece and instrumentation?
The email I got said that they love hockey and bacon in Canada... So it'll be just like playing Detroit!
funny how he messages me to gloat that he's never been better, while I'm in hell.
getting my senior ring today. holy duck I am so excited aghhhhhh!!!!
Anybody around Naperville wanna party?
One time for your mind, one time...
Frothy mixture is kissing a lot of ass tonight (Romney, Ryan)... I guess appropriately?
Schedule your *I made it through my child's Spring Break* massage today!
Find out tonight at 8:00 p.m. on #NBC #Community why
Awww thank you! RT : Spreading my love! Friend just took his first and LOVED it!
Who else could it possibly be?????
I think we are meant to be.
Aw man you like her. She was a lil flakey to me. Hooked up w Amy in the shower then turned around to fight her.
Treat your intimate #relationships with gratitude!
Went over and talked to the rich whip-its couple. They offered me one. I declined, but those two are my heroes. They made my week.
About to have my first real meal since Friday.
I drink iron city because I'm so 412.
me too!!! except that I want to be on the giving end of the FB. what a coincidence.
When it's not one thing It's the other
I know! Likewise. <3
Omg tmrw is my last day at work after 4 yrs. I'm ending my career and moving on to bigger and better things. Amen
LMAO!! That so funny!!!
Working four hours at the Northwest branch today. Should be slow. This branch isn't known for it's large amount of patrons.
The 's 4th Annual DC Housing Expo is Sat., June 2nd from 10am-3pm at the Convention Center. It's free & open to the public!
“Independence is loyalty to one's best self and principles, and this is often disloyalty to the general idols and fetishes.” -Mark Twain
Am I crazy or does that new Chernobyl movie look pretty awesome? Who wants to go see it with me?
Oh and how we have missed you! Waffles are inherently lazy, but that doesn't mean they don't need love.
RT : Should hve took my ass to ritz tonight :(
“: Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today. #BeHappyMakeHappy” And I won't mind a bit if I'm that one person! :-)
Ima try 2 right the most offensive song that can still be played on the radio. Thats my goal 4 next month lol
THAT PIC LOOKS A LITTLE UM #FRUITY LOL
Filed report with for my #stolen mountain bike. Gary Fisher, orange/black. Buggers left me my bolt cut lock. So nice
Tonites bout to be a great nite!
that's the next step
I don't care what you hear about me...I am not that guy....and if I was I'm not anymore. #it'scalledgrowingup #pissedtweet #longhashtagday!
Augie Garrido feels his Horns need to win Baylor series or if not, the Big 12 Tourney to guarantee NCAA bid. Says hosting op is likely done.
RT : I wanted to #intro you to my new brother, our new #cmgr here Please meet of #teamNIMBLE #freshmeat :)
When is your band performing again???
Thx for coming! RT : Had a great time sharing during sponsored #PzS12 - now headed home!
#sourcefest says a shared sense of community and values help define a local voice. Do DC playwrights have that commonality?
Alabama Crimson Tide linebacker Dont'a Hightower talks about the upcoming game against the #1 LSU Tigers.
I have a feeling if we go to firehouse, a) we'll be the only ones there other than the fucker
CH Reynolds Electric Achieves Select Certification from Cisco in U.S.
post a piccc? (: i wanna see it. <3
We had a shot at this game till Lamar stepped on the court...
The new education tools from #Apple make me want an iPad more than ever
Follow us on Twitter
2 more cuts to do, 20 more pages on script to do, scan some negatives in and finish printing my color final, study 20 pictures, and study,
Alena has a nickname, but I keeps it on the DL.
YES! See you then!
i love roc and roe. Soo cute and yummy.
I live so far north in the burbs that it takes FOREVER to get a taxi. I miss ease of getting a taxi in the city
Of course it's hella nice in south city..and hella crappy up at skyline! I hope that fog burns off!
Going to bed at 1 am...#success. Will I actually sleep now?
“: I have the most fun at the music festivals when I dance in the crowd..Did u get fleas from those dirty general admission folk
I would expect that number to be higher...
still mad that I couldn't go to see ya'll smh next year
The shot is still on the bar. I will have to ask Matty if he has had any new encounters
Hmph. At least I can count on to support my mustachepirations. (cc'ing for portmanteau)
good to see u today too!!! ;)
Thanks for the help!
#Mitt isn't conservative or liberal he is spineless.
Home Gym Equipment- A Great Investment To Add value To Your Home
. I love it Kort!
eesh no riddles my mans, ima have to hit u up to let u know wut happened lol
I know!!!! How have you been?? When you come home for summer break we need to have a reunion
feeling the need to chop and/or dye the hurrr. #indecisive and in need of a change. something i can control.
When God touches you He change Everything. Around you
Boozer stealing money from the bills they over payed for his ass. Premier PF my ass.
Happy Friday all
who Levi?
Thanks Feel free to share your favorite #rhubarb dishes :) yummy!
after your concert in NYC you should have a concert in tampa :)
“: Today's world is totally not age appropriate.”
just watching tv, and u? (:
Kegging my latest session IPA & racking the Orval clone. Then playing with electronics in my control box for the new HERMS.
There is always something to be thankful for. Always always always. Be mindful of that.
I want a nigga that has #swag and knows it I hate guys who think they got something they don't
Without the use of 'roids*
Monarch butterfly just flew into the cafe, buzzed each person's head, one by one, and flew back out.
Concert Update: John Mayer Tour Canceled! Ticket purchasers should refer to their point of purchase for refund details.
Happy Mothers Day
Tom and Evan Leahy band play tonight at 7:30. This duo will make your night!
Stuck in this room for 4 hours straight doing nothing....somebody come bail me out
I remember my first ever football match - Wrexham v Orient, November 1978. Sat in the Mold Road stand and had a meat and potato pie.
Thank YOU, sir! RT : Thank you so much for the follow and the great service you provide
Contrast people created Qwitter and yes, it's a small rails community. :)
Taking bets on whether stands us up again today. Just about halfway there!
what:O
Follow the family!! ->
Haha aw thanks. Please explain this to me! I don't understand hashtags! And if a celebrity doesn't have a check mark, are theyreal
and snooki are the exact same person
I need a workout partner...seriously!
r u on the city hall beat now? I guess congratulations, is that a promotion ?
what's up? Did your folks beam you to outer space?
Finally catching up on the calendar, and then Gmail goes down.
I need a fix
McRegret: The regret you experience immediately after purchasing and consuming a meal from McDonald's. See also: You knew better.
The doctor told me she doesnt want me to lose any weight this month. Does she want me to look bad in a swim suit??
I gotta guy. I'll get some pics & show em to you.
thank you , now for a nap!
#WIFYR, Howard Taylor just dropped by our class. There is no end to the celebrities at this conference!
Even though they have shorter sleep cycles than adults, newborns typically spend more time in active (REM) sleep.
He knows he didnt do his job!! People will be after him now too! Bill Lee better go into hiding as well!
stop by
Thank you!! Really helped :D
Let's get a Wednesday Fish Fry in the books.
i followed you back
I appreciate that every Friday morning I can turn to for the best of last night's #Archer quotes.
Check our Albert Bandura. ALL learning us social! Nothing to do with the technology.
have you heard of him? hes an artist i've been working with he has some amazing plans coming for 2012 music fashion magazines
The riot scene!
#GRE question: For doctoral admissions, is the writing section important? Should more energy/emphasis be put onto verbal/quant?
Sittin here at the hospital waitin for the outcome of a friends son.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Congrats first 20!!! :)
I cnt stand her I like tami
Saturday night delirium has set in.
Grand Tavern in Farmington has green PBR starting at 50 cents early!!
wanna make my dream come true then follow me :D plz
Doors are open! Come out and join us for a cocktail.
Getting things ready for Saturday night. Love having the girls over.
Thanks for the RT !!
Check your DMs!
can me and earl get married now or?
Not enough drugs in the world to stop this damn pain
I love Your Tweets girl!(:
We're a world apart but yet so close ❤
hey nigga, we just met at the club. i want to give you my number why dont you hit me up.. young money. LMAO
They gave up a 4th, 5th, and 7th wtf are you guys bitching about. We still have 10 picks.
I cannot stop myself around the stuff. It's my inner fat kid's happy place.
my pleasure - and thanks for making the trip down for it.
lmao bc you were being a dancing queen last night.
I still don't know the power of twitter in dialogue. We need to change academic culture valuing publications over impact.
sounds good, thanks!
If i was your boyfriend ill never let you go .<3
Ops, that was "I have a headache" for non-Italian speakers.....mi dispiace
"Operation out-awkward " - SUCCESS.
now tell me how 2 decrease the gas!
#w2e is Tim's degree of scruffiness a leading economic indicator? If so, is the correlation direct or inverted.
fredweirdo? Say what? More like sexy, #WHATCHUBETALKINGBOUT?
RT : Just because you have a foul to give doesn't always mean you should #foulforprofit (agreed)
Early #BdayShoutOut to me!!! 12min until my #bday. Yeah buddy!
Friday need to hurry up
“: Not singing the 'you' in 'gotta be you' cause you will scare the birds away trying to hit that high note.” and I
story today i hope! sorry if im annoying, im just excited(:
How are you feeling, re the vertebra? Are you still zero activity??
Hey! How are you? xoxo ♥
Keep the fam lifted up in prayer! I witness 1st hand wht that brother does 4 our youth!! All this extra shh is just the devil!
95 South bound to meet and go see lil Duval ignant ass with
Somebody just threw a wadded up piece of paper onto the floor in our cubicle area.
ditch the keys and locks?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HOMMIE !!!!!!!
Hey #Jetsfans - are ya happy about Tebow coming to the team? I have my reservations personally (and I am a #Giants fan)
I guess the refs only call roughing the passer if tackles the QB. Geesh!
To all "green" artists out there. Love to here your picking inspirations stories. I'd like to include your stories on www.artisansgonegreen.
i couldn't open the link you sent... it said it was removed. sorry!
I really love sleeping in :)
You never invited me. :(
LOVE mine! RT : Sweater vests everywhere are shedding tears.
Don't walk like, "see I'm interesting". Enter room thinking objective.
The winners page has been updated on the website. A few more photos have been uploaded to facebook as well.
ima punch you in the mouth !
Since the Fall TV Schedule is set, I can map out my Live/DVR lineup.
It's so beautiful outside
broke the record for most popular U.S. destination! Over 50 million visitors believe it's a great summer getaway!
+4000 museos, from all 50 states and 63 countries around the world?! #aam2012 is better than ever!
#edtechnyc : It takes an 800 lb gorilla sales force to penetrate #k12, hence why we started with universities.
Any other moms go to (2) soccer games today (after breakfast in bed)?
Learning starts with faiIure; the first failure is the beginning of education.
“: You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.” YEP.
Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got...
thanks for the follow back
If it wasn't Christmas I'd be uploading some M.I.J. right now.
Saw lots of girls in tight mini skirts tonight. Am I living in the wrong town? Where are the earthy girls in Sac?
The devil almost came outta me when that girl hit my car...
The links not working :(
#ICantStandPeople who hate on Jelena and Justin
wow! Or a close Fuck! Acceptable body!
haha all right let's get on it.
Not so many tweets from #cikm2011, compared to
What's a Harriet growler go for, Curtis?
Writing "Platform 9¾" on the back of your van cause you're a smart pedo.
Got the free hook Up, from this honeydip #thecodes #thewords #theways ya that me
yup, looking to do it through youtube...
And on yet another note, filthy black cock.
What is your plan NOT to end up in the 95%?
Tough loss for Marquette tonight, led by 17 with 13:10 to go at #9 Georgetown, lose by 3
thanks for the furniture recommendation! :)
I laugh at all of those gullible idiots.
awwe! Thank you! 💚
#shoutoutto now thers's a good chap right out of wales.
Mkay time to be active. Must go finish these grammar lessons for class, clean then read some more
Thanks, Asher. Can't wait to see you!
just a pawn that is all I am
Manno's Sports now -- Tickets to Muse / SSPU if you're smarter than _Begley at 8. Shouldn't be a challenge. Zing!
question:what choices do you actually MAKE?
lmao he looks like Al Bundy
good morning
RT : We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future ~ George Bernard Shaw
On set today with shooting the new print campaign for HGTV's Designstar!!! Rocking it!!
Hanging out wit timmy later.
Can't wait to see Ron Ron in OKC tonight... Malice at the Ford Center?
Uh oh it's drinking season isn't it?
Time to head to my DVR to watch The Office! Think I'm going to wind down with a Paulaner Salvator. :) yum
I figured as much. But welcome to America...continual validation of instant gratification. Will keep me working forever.
I especially enjoyed a shoot out scene towards the beginning. I thought it was shot and edited incredibly.
wish I was there to support the cause. Good luck today!
Brewers rolling on Opening Day.
That's the way it go
ah, just normal grits. word up. I love that idea. inspired me to have grits for breakfast!
Sorry to be missing this one... RT : we need to lead UP
I wished I could bby ,but I can't :c
It's up, you just have try again, it's very slow.
At least your day can only get better!!
The Casal Aveda Art Show went super!!!! Now it's time to gear up fir the Ward Bakery show April 30th + May 1st!
I realllyyy want to meet:
Omg u r so sweet and cute love u.aa lot
spotify should be set now
It's not your position in life; it's the disposition you have which will change your position.Dr. David McKinley
The missionary position is the position least likely to bring a woman to climax.
SKC with the WIN! Thanks to all my #SpotingKC boys & a special shoutout to !! Living the Soccer Hooligan Dream!
I think I may be the only person with parents that aren't on #facebook nor know how to tweet.
Finally watched Rise of the Planet of the Apes. A+
Soccer tonight. HERE WE GO!!!!!!
yeah you right about that I got a couple that i'm going to grab from you asap. good looking out
#SanfordFlorida police chief #BillLee to resign.
Everytime you retweet me, a little piece of journalism dies.
That's my city right there! South Central LA!
cool and yea cuz I went on a class trip and I'm exhausted
Bringin fire to the Boothe, like i'm an avenger for Abraham Lincoln (you have to be smart and know who Henry Wilkes Boothe is to get that)
While he at work ?
R.E.M. - collapse into now, SILVERSTEIN - Rescue, and SMASHING PUMPKINS - mellon collie & infinite sadness...
I really hate Michael del zotto right now...
Closing at 6 today...to head over to the Lakewood Cash Mob!!! We will meet at 7 at the parking lot on Madison and Carabel!
Christopher Columbus, one of Italy's most famous pastaphiles, was born in October, National Pasta Month.
All these 20th anniversary of "insert title of an album from the 90s here" tours are getting me excited for the eventual 2013 Cantaloop tour
Loving my NEW PLACE!!!
Well , I have disliked Bryce Harper in the past. I've been waiting for a reason to like Harper, and Cole Hamels gave me that
OK will do. Thanks!
lana del rey Is my idol , I hope someday ill be as beautiful and talented as her she sings like an angel:-)
Please Big Brother, drop out. Mark and Bopper are just too humorous to get the boot.
which raises the question, is it possible to find the record for that newspaper in your alma matter's library catalog
So cool! Heard all about your book on FLN on my way in to work. Can't wait to read it. We should chat!
In Miami today and the locals are feeling the cold at 64f, yesterday it was 82f.
Horse cops for tonight? What? Another great investment, Athens. Dumbasses.
You know; grown kids can become a pain in the rear sometimes.
Okay 2010, you completely kicked my ass. Uncle, already.
super soulful man!
Thanks! Congratulations, on the multiple LA Weekly Theater Awards nominations of 'The Romance of Magno Rubio'!
Muni's idea of time is hilarious - it's been 20 minutes since I started waiting for a T that was 5 min. away. Abandoning to take
My thing was when people began calling the tall, slender beauty standard a Eurocentric thing. Lmao, that was so wrong.
What do you think about a candidate who always says "I...I...I?" always says "WE," the hallmark of working together.
college is like American highschool right?
congrats bro ...deserved the win but i hate jacobs!
blocked me on twitter. Does that make me infamous?
is pretending it's the earring factory! :)
might want to check your acct got a personal msg from you with a link that is probably a virus.
Bcuz twitter is like a diary. knowing what you say is being read by someone can help relieve any stress you may have. Y delete?
yup u rite on that one MGK can rap
I'm not seeing enough in my stream!
So jealous of Matt Lauer right about now.
I'm curious about these "baby people." Who are they?
Thank you We wish you many great years to come!
hahaha thanks! Just kidding its all good in the hood.
« Lying to my face is equivalent to spitting in my face. I will punch you in yours.»
What an amazing day, thank you God!!!
I say brunch so white bitches can relate. I like tapatio all over my food
OMG. sounds great. <3 so excited, i think im in love with you <3
I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul-Toby Mac
The wife just mixed up Richard Simmons with Russel Simmons. :|
We love your work too!
Holy crap, Kim Jong Il!
thanks! They were awesome cars.
New wardrobe coming my way!!!
like porcelain baby.
Too comfy to leave my bed.
We had a very successful Rocktober, hope you did too. Happy Halloween!
WE appreciate the follow Kristi. WE Liked your FB page and WE're following back.
“: With OSU girls victory over OU, #OkState remains undefeated (9-0) in Bedlam this academic year." another Bedlam win, yawn
Will we be seeing you at our Launch Party? Thanks 4 mentioning 's guest post!
OMG... :X #madkudos2u MT : Tomorrow I am volunteering as a chaperone for the 1st time. Going to Carowinds w/ 300 7th graders.
Hahaha I will ask around! I am not sure who can design....Design friends: want to help create the Hip Roach?
You only have one shot
It was great to see check in last week!
Vegas or colombia??? Um
stressing out . >_<
auto copped either way, goodsir.
Well we can make it fun! Your ass is coming to #pride this year!!!
Paris, Madrid, London:) Hit these cities
I'm in your next session!
searching for a DIRECTOR of QUALITY with #DAIRY experience @ $120k
Hola and buenos dias to you. Best wishes to you for a great week. Take care and stay beautiful.
Thank you, Candice!
follow me monster .!!
Be good to yourself
Last day of The Boston Marathon expo today! Come by, grab some shoes and chat!
What a great guy! Ballsack
Man Your place or mine? Woman Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
Velvet Red > Feed The Wolf > Velvet Red is a great segue.
Dining with the estimable , Ms. Tmi3rd, and tmi4th . Don't you wish you were me, , , and ?
yes. I was in love with him.
Perfection. Miss you two and Happy 2012!
There are certain colors that don't look good on anyone this early in the morning.
what are some good retro games??
I was thinking about it but ima just get 20's, I'm focused on my sound system right now though
Merry Christas folks! Tis the season to be a blessing!
I hope my friends know I do love Seattle—a big part of who I am. I am just critical w/ tough love.
I fell asleep soo early haha, I just can't wait for summer.
I can't find my iPod. Wahhh :'c
Watching #thevoice -Confused by the negativity, but I know this..I'd buy any of the last two shows of songs sung by !
#Expert Search Processed: #WrongfulTermination - #FTC #RedFlagRule - #Automobile Dealership - #CA (Contact re: Red Flag)
Thanx for the follow!
Los Angeles, California @ The Palladium June 24th Excited like hel !!!!!
ur welcome and have u ever luvd while at the same time ur fallin for someone else
haha!! You're smart!!! You will get it!
Causative factor is not based on symptoms, assessing the patient's CSOE is primary
don't forget your last chance to view #callandresponse is this week! thu-sat 1-5
Even thought I've never been to Bora Bora
"Hipster" is the new "poser".
Reports from #Syria: #Assad forces continue shelling the city of #Homs. Entire neighborhoods have been turned into rubble.
this is actually making me cry...i feel so bad for puck
1 WEEK! :D
Glad you enjoyed the #IDODI offices yesterday. Looking forward to Global Finals! 27 days left!
I have zero motivation to study for this micro exam.
DYK? Alexa Canady, M.D., at age 26 became the 1st Black woman neurosurgeon in the U.S. and is a member of DST ..
Want to see a great Broadway show? Go see the Godspell revivial! #Stuy Alum Ken Marion '66 is a investor.
Handing out FREE today !! What a great way to start the weekend off!!
Thanks for the follow! Yay! Hope you liked Season 2!
American economy recovering, growth, more jobs and still low house prices. So now its time to buy the deal of your lifetime
we've started adding mint to melon soaked in orange water
I'm glad you came ;3
Sexy! Even without your flesh...
tell me i help
anybody know of a good book on local boosterism in the 19th cent.?
text me sometime!
less shortcuts!!
Its so much shit that found out today.! It wuss very interestinq
i know it's only 6 there, but im not in san antonio so im tweeting now because here, its april 4th.
anything new Julie? How was your week?
Hey I'll be at the also. Had no idea another ux firm was in Florida. Where in Florida are you?
vacation reads i loved: THE AGE OF MIRACLES by Karen Thompson Walker. coming of age story, speculative fiction setting
Wieseltier "Spinoza thought himself out of Judaism. There's a history of this, Jesus being the most famous example."
that ain't ever gonna change! I'm just glad I live 30-40 minutes from him!!! :D
meeeeeeeep! 3,900(; ya'll are amazing. we love you guys so much!<3 x
Every restaurant should come with a pool.
Refreshing 2 hear a female rapping intelligently instead of rapping about deepthroating a Sprite can in her mouth.
So I'm thinkin ... Kings Island pretty soon... you in?
I'm not hungry, let's have dinner.
Good morning from Nashvegas! Anyone doing anything fun today?
Make it a point to request for the maximum allowable time to delay the process
well yeah because God gave us free will. But you have to have morals. Without morals you'll only make bad decisions. And that
the way it should be.
miss ya too!
I mad the Jv cheer team for highschool(: can I get a woot woot?(:
it's different then my pc but software I use is the same plus I got iPad iPhone iPod touch .... So I'll manage.
RT lmao (: When Girls Are ALWAYS Sad. <<<< just Cause You Have A Pussy Doesn't Give You An Excuse To Act Like One.
A shout out to our new followers! Hope you're all having a great weekend!
"You miss out on a lot by not giving things a chance." ~Shantara Kennedy
Rain rain go away! We have games to play!
No, already home to A-ville and using a Groupon at Adriatic
Tops on Twitter
please let us know when you serve up the south side again!
Hi! I'm the new chair of a Baltimore scholarship program & would appreciate the opp to chat briefly; I need some guidance!
LOL yea Yea
Happy Veterns Day!!!!! Thanks to all our soldiers that fight for us!!!! :)
she just don't understand..
Ifollowed your friend(: She's perddyy!
I might lol I might not ant no tellin
First African American lit, now Speech. I love my class.
If I didn't have the man above I wont have shit I thank you for everything
Smashed In. Milwaukee Hardcore. Check em out!
They have a signer on #TheVoice What deaf person would pay for a ticket to the finale show of a singing competition?.....#yolo i guess
I don't understand how people can call Xtina the "voice of a generation." They better not be talking about my generation.
Reminder! Today at at 4 p.m., Ron Carlson reads with Sandra Gilbert! He'll be signing Room Service, she'll be signing Aftermath. Go
Sent my no to ur yahoo. Don't wanna post online
Fashion Business Incubators (FBI)
Big game today the one everyone is waiting for vs that team in Topeka ..great day to be a hornet
Well put Michy! I haven't heard it yet.
SHUT THE HELL UP.
You lucky GMT bastard.
#IntDesignerChat Absolutely: it's the rest of the world that needs design!
Separate thought: How can doughnut and donut both be correct?
Another gorgeous day in DC
I get "Adam" as in Prince.
Baseball season is here! Improve you game and learn the secrets of base stealing
Is this your rendition of "Swipes on Swipes on Swipes" ? lol
Everyone Knew That ;D
Perhaps giving him a big hug instead would make you feel better.
Haha man.. between 2 papers, it was 14 stories the past two days. 13-hr day today. RT : Did you write all seven stories?
I feel you nigga, well I forsure wanna work with you niggas & see what we can make. i have protools in my head lol
Miss everything , I really did mess up and didnt even realize , but i'm going to fix everything and never let this happen again
encouraging #lpc to take risks
IN Quotes: "Self-confidence is the result of a survived risk."
I had fun with 😊
Tanner Bananer and Greyson Baby each chose a sister to sleep with lol :)
LOVE your Big Brand theme ! Where do I go to change font on template pages & stop flashing on rotator?
You call yourselve "JMo"=gag-free.
we should next week cuz I don't have basketball after school
What book will you be reading this evening? That is, if you aren't a football fan of course!
I'm pretty sure I just did about 500 pull ups.
lol omg how did you know!? And they sell toys <3
Jarrett: still necessary to bundle skills/knowledge, socialization, facilitation/instruction, and accreditation/certification?
see what happens with a little patience (and a shit ton of speed)?
Did a bit of Easter shopping with my boys, now home for some yummy Pei Wei!
We've been preaching that here from day one. Love it!
Today, I am at the Celebrating Mom! Craft & Vendor Show from 11am - 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
- thank you very much, Michael. I am just so very excited.
im so confused. I just ate a brownie
comes pretty close.
that was amazing.
"How I longed for word from home." OH
Some people understand the road to success & what it takes others dont. Those who dont: Im having a fabulous party at my beach house
man.... twitter trippin then.. what you do to it...? I know it was you.
Thanks Jen! Very sweet words ;)
Dear dc plants, no use trying to germinate in my nose. U r Definatley wasting ur precious spores & giving me the sniffs. Achoo, Aleksandra
Today, the average person in the United States drinks 9 fewer gallons of #milk on an annual basis than he or she did in the early 1970s.
And now for the Top 3...the 3rd Prize goes to Calcula!
2 different stores. 2 different fitting rooms. Mom asks their kid, "will they fall off when you're running?"
RT : Check out the LIVE streaming Social Media Sweet Spot web show today from Booth 231 @ 11 PT/2 ET
Man they aint no rhymes they are short poemd...lol
I got you today. I'll message you once I send them
Good morning. Stoppin' in to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
UNI Students Say Cuts Eliminating Classes They Need - KCRG
RT : you should know as for earls i adore lord bergamot by
I can't keep
so right now my newsfeed is like "sarah falter shared a link 27million times"!!! hahaha glad you liked it so much :P
And, if I buy the bike online, will you cheerfully give me free advice on getting it ride ready?
it broke in my otter box
I'm sleepy
Also: and Kim Kardashian. Though that one makes sense.
#DontGetMeStarted and then stop. #Girl If you go #DownTown you better be ready to
On my way to the Las Vegas airport to head home to New York City.
oh yeah - my cauldron brethren and sistern will be in full voice come sat. Burn FCD burn!
Overheard at the State of the Industry session at
I hope every girl finds a boyfriend as great as mine :)
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had 0 followers for the whole year of 2009 LOL
No friends RT : nobody is texting me :/
Let's make it 3 in a row.
Two of my favorite phrases are: "Person of Interest" and "Delusions of Grandeur" - Twitter combines both.
$200oz's of Island Blueberry available.
Spokesperson. TV Host. Narrator. Actress.
nigga that's why is the realist.
Join our tele-town hall, starting now. 877-229-8493 PIN 19380. Bring your concerns and your questions. Let's talk.
Sure, we can do next Sun, 4/22. Does 11 EST still work?
When I wake up I can't never really just go back to sleep smh
Because I can't get enough golf today, now watching The Greatest Game Ever Played.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 6
Hey,How have you been?
bummer. wish you'd reconsider. paul is nothing like the others in GOPs
idk how i feel about this...
How do you know that? Maybe Obama would have loved to have gone. Maybe he wanted to dance to "At Last" with Michelle
If they're not long, they're wrong! ;-) Thank you! :-)
Aw yeah! RT : On the train home with bove, tiff & Happy weekend!
Friday was Club Amnesia. Monday was La Pomme. Tonight it's Club Perks. On Thursday its Club LQ. Night life
Congrats Josh! Much praise to God.
If another person calls me a jonus brother I'm going to kill a mother fucker!
> people who print 30+ pages on printers in the library... Fuck off
Thanks! Coincidentally had a bunch of blocked links last week, drove me nuts. Saw t.co and ow.ly, roadblock at odd short URL
Good Morning Tweepz!!!! Seize the day!!!
well thank you for cheering on the Devils with me! night!
sounds like a fun show
Four major banks control over 75% of the nations mortgage servicing. Wells,Bank of America,JP Morgan and Citigroup.
appreciate it bout to check the track u sent me in a sec
Every one just wants there own house hoe
I bet that if you're going through a hard time, Dwayne Johnson is a rock.
#IfWeAreInARelationship , You Shouldn't Care What Anyone Else Says .
Coming June 1, online graduate level, curriculum based legal, business and financial education for health care professionals.
the show is for two hours? thats long.
#ihavenorespect for guys who think thay r better then u
omg just followed me!! so happy!!! :D <3
Kids dont need to see all that RT : i dont understand people that wear pants around the house.
Thanks for the follow. Working on saving the earth, one artist and art lover at a time.
i posted a cute picture of us on fb. and imma post it on here too.
Jeffrey Zaslow, Author and Journalistic Role Model, Dies at 53
I love your site & read all reviews prior to any purchase. Any thoughts of an app flying around? Keep up the great work!
Standing desk. Pro vs Con. Go.
good morning ;) have a great wednesday
like u try to follow ppl who follow ppl baq tht follow u an this pops up over there>>> This User Does Not Exist
I had so much fun at the high school for the day the only thing is some of the classes were boring after!! & I saw the Guy I like. :)
HAHAHA yes PRE GAMING it!!! lol i am like soo extra hyper now that i am buzzin and listening to the jamss
Ohh and incase u were wondering. I dnt have a pic of my self cause i dont want creepers like u looking at me. ;) Okay.
UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS UNICORNS
Being gay isn't wrong? Since when was it bad to love someone? #isupportgayrights. <3
And a hawk just landed in the #MtIda backyard. That was a little crazy...
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 63
She makes me so HAPPY! Working on the E.p and recording new stuff with the band this weekend O:Im pretty excited!
fountain of our youth to before and become yet again the thought of a race of angels living among us a few the light we will follow to
Hey there, the iPhone app crashes on me after the initial intro screen and gets half way through syncing. How should I fix this?
Just a hunch, but I don't think QB draws = Gopher victory
#XFactor was good. Chris was so freaking amazing! The guy with his pants hanging down.. not so good as well as that idiot girl who sucks xD
I keep thinking I should see about getting guest blog spots. Then I notice the tumbleweeds rolling across my own blog.
Seen Deliverance?
only 4 days left to vote for us to play Edgefest!
Recs2: St.Nachos series-Z.A.Maxfield, The Emperor's Wolf-J.C.Owens, Circe's Recruits&Dawn Endeavor series-Marie Harte
Being in the 20% blog. (go to www.daryldorsey.com)
What is all this devil worship stuff I am watching on the Grammys. A spiritual tribute to Whitney followed by a tribute Satan.
It sucks to be you right now
Oh perfect. I need a new email address to sign up for a geocities account. Oh...
Being truthful makes us worthy.
Just chilling on the patio
on it
I really had to punch on this Mexcan fool at work this mornin, bet he think twice before he come at me foul
lol I might go to bed soon lol it's almost 12a.m
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
in the spring so it is warrrrmmm. michael's visiting me tomorrow and it's freezing lol (¬‿¬)
It's funny I was watching the Fairly Oddparents and one of the characters for a little bit in the movie is Dash from Danny Phantom
Movies Mall Manis and Pedis running from Lori god I'm gonna miss summer :(
hm interesting! Will have to try as well...thanks!
Oo! Is there a video or was it live just now?
yeah i'm just curious. it's like aziz's best work, and a lot of it is based off that "funny things about being famous" bit
Thanks so much! Wish you could make it!
Bull Durham (see my twitter/blog name) ": What is your favorite baseball film? #MLBFC"
If you have entry level clerical, customer service, call center, housekeeping, data entry, and/or environmental services positions open at …
Who would like a Lyric Video to go along with our new single?
So, we're supposed to fly out in about 45 minutes...it's looking scary to fly right now at Will Rogers.
You mean to tell me Nikki & Victor are still at it? Was he the original singer of I'm in love with a stripper?
done ur turn!
i HATE the word mayonaise.. i hate the food more, but i cringe when i hear people say MAY-NAZE
Jimmy, please send us a direct message with your email address & we'll contact you.
It's not about having the idea. It's about believing in it.
I am soo in love :)
Why you blaming us bitch? I see how it is
thanks for using our clips :)
Just left a voicemail with the White House. Ha!
There is a pedophile next to me in the parking lot listening to the chipmunks.
happy birthday and good night:) jk who sleeps at this Time!!;)
prepping for Austin. Need to watch Slacker on the plane.
Is there any way you can check out an IPad from your division, or preview it at a local store?
i already got it RT : GTA San Andreas is on Xbox Live Marketplace for 1200 points
oh by the way, idk if you like it or not but I just made #ZendayaGotSwag up cuz it sounds cool!!!! :)
Brother in Sonoma says "hot and dry" -- then again, he's... unusual.
I will like to have sex with a black guy!! One day I will do! Thats a fantasy:))
“: the EMCCA exam” <-- Good Luck, you'll do fine!
I am thinking about it. I was just there for the event Sat. It is an excellent cause.
Obama fills in to coach daughters basketball team www.tncnews.com
Packers def will have a pass rush this year.
Watching my two favorite gingers unite right now and conan
Sitting completely still on I-85. Why again did I drive this week?? Think I could get to Macon faster if I just got out and ran!
Thanks Kelly! Glad you enjoyed it!
Hey you guys should tell your friends about us mmkay?
Power your nose, paint your toes, line your lips & keep 'em closed. Cross your legs & dot your i's, & don't ever let them see you cry. ❤
"Be the 4011th person to respond and you win Pens playoff tickets." ... "Sorry you are number 4008." WHAT IS THAT?!
Phones in both AOA offices are back in service. Thanks for your patience!
Fyi: buying a ton of tix doesnt increase your chances, you have more of a chance of becoming president
not sure
I like ur new set, but u can't see ur sign, " THE ROSIE SHOW"... I also love the colors on ur set, my fav. Color is purple.
If I slam this manila folder into the cabinet while singing BORN TO BE FILED I'll totally get promoted to CEO right
Shut up before I Tiger Woods your wife, Casey Anthony your kid, Michael Vick your dog, and Chris Brown your sister.
HAPPY BDAY ;)))* Have a great one<3
YEAHH BUDDY #GOAL! USA. all the way baby!<3
Can't wait for Wensday!! #BoyzAreBack 
“: My heart is riven”thank Lin still hoping to get to meet you in person
Crying myself to sleep
Have a great show tonight at the Hotel Indigo! Is it open mic?
HAHA! Tweet of the day! RT Parents, talk to your kids about grammar. Forget drugs and sex, they'll learn that shit on the streets.
i didnt make it for high jump but i still got the 400 and the 4X4
thanks for the vote!!
In 01 Casey Frank got one of the members of Kerosene 454's #. Him, , and myself called asking for live videos. Weirdos.
Man I need to spend some time at the #Gorge!
: wat would u like to eat n watch wat movie
Dang it's almost time 4 me to take the ACT got be dere @ 8!!! "Str8 Like dat"
I love the feeling you get from music.
Now that's RLD(double)F!
Massage therapy heals injuries, comforts sore and fatigued muscles and reduces stress levels.
ya better!
Leif Garrett performed Surfin' USA on American Bandstand on this day in 1977. I was a young girl in love!
:D You make me so #happy :)
I really never understand why the employers are so gender specific i.e,...Female preference for HR position.What lacks in men?
Read Bernie Miklasz' stuff. You okay Joe?
looking at all the lucky bitches who saw drake !
Wow, that is a great compliment. RT : you guys are hands down the best restaurant in town, looking forward to Chinato
We are running drum circles in Africa and Wash, DC follow us on Facebook,Drumming An End To Poverty.
I got Niggas scared to wear they All White Air Force 1's now.. Niggas know them Shits are Played the Fuck out!
Ready to be done with school, but not ready to move out and go home.
What is the most important trait an #actor can have?
Tony Robbins in Long Beach this week. His show starts this week as well. 2nd event to feature our Registration and barcode apps!
Game Night agrees with the Game that Lil B may be the Wackest Rapper, but he is better than any of us...
stop that! You ain't no good! Lol
Happy Mother's Day! Give your mother a hug today!
It's ideally suited to handheld gaming, IMO, and the localization is being handled by none other than Vic Ireland of Working Designs fame.
RT : When you give to others but start sacrificing yourself they become thieves.
#LintonAndAssociates wants to wish everyone a very Happy Easter!
Wow! The American Dream has gone up in 4 yrs. Well, not really, there's been a 70% increase in food stamp benefits. Let's blame it on Bush.
do u mean a gangsta or a nigga wit a bus pass
just got punk'd
Dont believe that! /:
She -Parachute♥
Living in a single again next year but gonna have a bathroom for once
Go take a fucking nap.
i need 99 more followers
I guess the refs got paid off on that shit
Great first day of #MissUSA working with sponsors A great group!
The should have Boston celebrities do the train stop announcements instead of that computerized guy. People'd get excited to ride
(: best time staying after skool ever!<3
Can't wait for our show tomorrow with American Fangs and Dev Electric!!!
that's what they said. I told them I can work anytime in the summer besides Saturday. Do you like it?
#np House Party (remix)
DAM followers like tweets of food truck days nearby, Sunday morn links to art news, other arts venues happenings.
I bet got his panties wet thinking about breaking the Noel story. I don't consider a meeting "Breaking News"
ATL SFE IS IN THE BUILDING Y'ALL AIN'T READY
ik but still and yea right when i was gonna buy a ticket it soldout
66% of men like to make the first move in a relationship
I love bumping into Ed, my 8th grade boyfriend. Reminds me that my dating choices weren't all bad.
Ahh, sounds perfect! : enjoying my Glenlivet 15 at thanks to Thanks!
The industry would rid you of your family if it's profitable
It helps when David raises 4x the cash of Goliath.
Don't you have something to do, somewhere to be? ;D
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Oh yeah. It's Friday, right? #ff Check em out this weekend at Middle East in Cambridge if you can!
Follow #SoSoDef Own
that fugitive dust is belligerent this spring.
peace! If you don't like it, don't buy it. using a tool a carpenter uses doesn't make u a carpenter
i may be from chicago but hey
Want me to email it?
The pics my dude likes on Instagram >
de nada! I had a call earlier w/ the creator of the campaign- Carla, a bright young lady
What an honor...thanks for the follow :)
you gonna bowl with us tonight?
Im Most Def.Gettin Clothing Line When It Cumz Out..! I Kno Itz Gone Be Some #Heat..!
U SuperMom ha
I know you'll find something to do maybe even doing more commercials
Thanks. Was trying to find a simpler, easier solution though. I love the Revert button in my PC version of QuickBooks.
Deandre Jordan offense is an 11 if he's further than 3ft from the basket
We're not here to convince you that we're ready to blow up... That's your decision. Don't regret it when you pass the opportunity though
Thanks, appreciate it!
aye, its hypocrite shawty over here and im proud bitch
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds. -Aesop
OJ Mayo is about to burst into flames 🔥
EOC wasnt as hard as i thought it would be but still prob failed.
My cab driver brings me gum. Top that.
NM....recovering from a long night
When u unfollow me I will unfollow u lol
A tad bit hungover, I'm not gonna lie lol
UNITED NATIONS (AP) -- UN approves resolution threatening sanctions if Sudan and South Sudan don't halt violence.
Lol an we're going back to your house, right?
genius. thanks
Miley Cyrus ♥
Getting a new deck on my house.
too far
Lookin' so bomb, gon' find me a honey ;]
I lost a "mask vs. hair" match to so I had to unmask.
yeah man !!
Guys wanted to offer me less that my chip Icm to give equity to CL I declined after consulting with Deeb. Got 3rd anyways for 115k. GG gn
Thanks! It's my first, like, official thingy. I hope people enjoy it!
I think i'm black swannin it tonight...........
follow me and I'll dm my email
I have 80 influential users following me: , , ,
that certainly is a risk factor and I didn't think of that. My admin were often behind the curve.
will do, thanks so much for passing along :-)
Hi, great to connect with you! Please let me know if you would like to read any of my work. Best, Matthew
okay's twitters
The #Clippers have some of the worst body language of any team in the #NBA and it starts with Blake.. Not good coming from a young guy.
be safe
More slide decks and video will get posted on the #eduiconf download site next week. We'll keep you posted.
Memory contestants use story to win, per Joshua Foer. So it should be no surprise that story is what makes a #TED talk memorable.
So I know there will be a lot of #SuperBowl tweets but I CANNOT WAIT.
There are sponsored WiFI hot spots in the convention center and in my preconference room. WiFI in the Marriott lobby.
This just in: Irene lacks birth certificate, North Carolina residents prepare for the worst.
"Is this a hitnrun!?!"
Have a blessed night. Good night :)
On Vacations......almost time to go back home....damn! means got to go back to work!
He just wanted you to taste his strudel
Oh, the sabres must be playing then
And it was a great momentum swing :)
Just got back.
Crimson's undefeated streak lives on. Damn.. Guess no marking out from me tonight. Eric Young is still the man!
a lot is two words babe.
imma kid what about you
I wouldn't have raised Burma--far too tenuous.
Who wants to help me get an ass!? Lol
O MY GOSH!!!! O_O your SO close!! Ah! I can't wait! #MARSPARTY!!!! lmao!
Q3) Each group within an organization needs to curate their own material.
You guys killed at at #Ultra2012 #Miami #UMFTV !!
There's a tall and handsome stranger on top of me--but he's imaginary
Someone bring me coffee.... Ill love you forever.
According to , Dick Cheney consumed the heart of a wild boar in a satanic ritual and will live through the next harvest.
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival screen LAST RITES OF JOE MAY (Dennis Farina, Steppenwolf) Tues Nov 1st!
aw!!! I miss you Lombardy!! My old balcony!! :(
Oh (S)He is So Cute;D
Fucking bitch brings a cat home knowing im allergic to them -_-
Trinity announcer Mike Guetig has been selected to run the shot clock at this years Men's Final Four in Indianapolis (via )
My head hurts so much from thinking
I followed Thanks! click here: www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I'm drained of all my energy, i'm ready to sleep. xD Night y'all :D
what up! Harlem checking in with you
Good to know, thanks! That'll really add to the festive feel of the conference.
i'm doing very good, wet right now (its raining here) but good. You?
Wow! I'd never ask anyone to do something like this. Any friend who asked me to do this wouldn't be a friend much longer!
ah i cant wait!!! temple run 11 hours staright.? yeah i think so. :)
It's not often you get a request from host of #MeetThePress for a weather forecast ...but I did... hope it helps. Good luck!
Streaming Terabytes of goodness for our clients
Thanks! Been reading yr stuff in the Post. Great stuff!
And oh yea melo has 40
Had 2 share: "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots." Be good to those around you. Pay It Forward #Friday!
": I wanna go too!! 😜👯" omg! My Dreena & Gina! That would be da BEST night eva w Margs! :0
We're in the same session!
I like how Puck says pathetic.
Was going to leave around 5pm until I saw initial weather reports last night and figured 2pm was safer. I'll stick w/that :-)
So the internet is out at work. What to do???
hey i have a question would you mind answering for a new band just starting out??
Teaching with #moodle or powerpoint? #safarimontage allows custom media playlists and creates web link to insert into presentations
For all conversation about "RETAIL" real estate, join the conversation at #RetailRE - See you there.
because they have nothing better to do than try to be God.
Just meditating on God after a long day, God is super gracious. I used to be a slave to sin, now I'm free! AGTG
Thanks so much for that. Inspector Tay is one of my favorite characters, too. Expect a new Tay in the fall.
Again, not surprised. With a sharp tongue like hers I don't get the sense that she is warm and fuzzy in public situations.
Yup, thats a #DCDrinkUp! RT just explained how the #GRAIL spacecraft work. Over dumplings and sticky rice.
PLEASE WIN CAPS
will do bro appreciate it!
Me too, for sure.
Polishing the next FlashCards++ update... should be ready to send to Apple within a week or so
You've got mail...
Rest in Peace Dick Clark! New Year's Eve specials won't be the same without you!!
I'm wearing khakis and I'm the only other person in casual clothing besides the owner who is wearing like a nine piece suit.
Is the jersey shore cast in Italy right now?
How much time we spend with God is determined by how much we depend on Him.
Not for another 5 more seasons.
#TIIP4P Gen. Rick Lynch, US Army "Vision w/o resources is just a hallucination."
Was just talking abt you. Yes! And to hang. It's like 400lbs. I'll find out what time today for tmro.
#psanderettememories when you followed me the best day of my life
NEED new wiper blades? We can help! All stores open till 6pm. Drive safely!
Hiring 2 Front-End Web Developers. looking for someone who is an expert in writing JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and HTML, need to be able to wri…
Line is moving but there's lots of people at the Naca mortgage fair.
Rethinking that noisy neighbor thing...
Stop thinking about your health… and it will go away.
There is a naughty boy in lots of men (like Greg and me) that needs his pants taken down by a no-nonsense lady (like you).
hey I draw stick figures ;) please dnt tell me u fuck the little kitties xD
just sounds like something my girls would say!!
TY and Happy
oops spelled awesome wrong, sorry
I'm beginning to think my couch is breeding them...
That's sad.
Alright, I'm out. We'll come out swinging tomorrow. Don't forget to
An aluminum can that is thrown away will still be a can 500 years from now!
can we get you guys out on time warner chan 36 to be interviewed ?
he's too inconsistent to be a starter. I try to love all denver players but he has no heart or drive
Why do people have to ruin a perfect relationship everythings fine until 1 person comes and ruins it all
Thank you pandora for keeping me company all night
Well, Google Play appeared in a startling (and kinda awesome) way...
Data is a means to an end; it's a means to a better decision.
Damn today was a good fuggin' day
RT : RT : you don't need to defend the Lion, just open the cage.
Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings. ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Donna Summer too?? Lord have mercy.
-Happy Platypus Day! :D
LOL. That happened quickly. RT : Update: "We've ended our freelance relationship" with Sarah Phillips, ESPN spokesman says.
I want a Krabby Patty! Spongebob makes them look delicious when they show the realistic one 💜
No prob. It was tough, interesting, frustrating, and fun all at once. In the end I'm a better artist because of itsoTHANK YOU
Latest HerbalGram journal is out. The Cover article is "Replacing Animal-Based Remedies with Plants." Check it out at www.herbalgram.org.
> Highly educated and experienced Recruiters dedicated to meeting Employer's needs
My shadow days are over
Discover #LincolnPark 2012 is at the printer!
Follow #thatcamp for ideas on unconference sessions! MT Wow, so many great proposals coming in! Keep em coming.
oh yea i hope they dont!
Miss her </3
I had final cut for a time but it was for Mac
not much here and u
France is really kickin it up a notch in the action movie department.
Beautiful Day here in Kansas City.
I will lol
Wow what an ending to the hawks game lol... Wtf did smith do?? N wtf did rondo do?
Awkward moment when neither one of us can spell it.
- Now the horns are hooked for good. Blowout!
Happy New Years Everyone!!<3 *2012*
Our Charter cable is again not working. Hasn't worked right in 3 months. Not in to wasting another hour on the phone either. Terrible!
I was thinking that myself. I see him trying to copy the morning show a little.
thanks playboy!
I keepa bad ass niqqa name
well, im guessing no plans tomorrow. hmu?
Bumping some while driving on sunset in los angeles
Wow can't believe #whitneyhouston is dead...so sad she had an amazing voice
don't you luv my instagram skills? sry for not calling back this weekend- will try tonight before #Smash! xx
Fresh strawberry shakes will brighten any rainy day!
I have no idea. To be honest. And what are you loling about? XD
#somewhereinthehood theres a crackhead tryna sell some head and a cheeseburger for some spare change...
has 6 teams running the Corporate Cup! Last year they won $4000 for the Children's Hospital Foundation.
Gelato too?! Couldn't be happier.
Just watched the pilot of "Whitney" the TV show... it was hilarious!! Definitely recommend
Tell everybody who loves dance in DC to follow on twitter - we will announce a lot great program and concert information here
RT : Can drop a sandwich and make it land jelly side up.
so great to meet you! I will definitely pop by and check it out xoxo
Don't like Carl Edwards right now. That was just wrong. Glad Brad K is OK.
I sure am!
lol to much info
New QB Javelle Allen threw a jump pass across his body while running to the left sideline for a TD in todays Intnatl Bowl
Bitch either you did or you didn't jus DON'T lie
did you make?
Every worthwhile endeavor starts with passion.
I thought I was going crazy when I woke up from my dream. But I'm already there so...
Do you guys know what 's viddy account is??? Or is he keeping it private???:) PLZ TWEET ME IF U KNOW!!:) #muchlove:)
is going to make sure that those that don't have twitter, are getting one today!
I heart the rocks that let me kick them along with me on walks.
I like when the #cataloging rules support what I want to do.
I was there, earlier, coulda hung out
Aar River Gallery in #Westminster presents "Looking Inward": The Art of John Warren, First Friday opening reception tonight from 6-9 p.m.
Thank you for #FF !!
Me and the bro watching this starless ass Bulls game smh
ypo I have a craving for ice cream
Thug Life??? ": As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer."
I like math all I do is get the red mark on my forehead from sleeping lol
Don't understand why second-base umpires hate Michael Bourn so much.
hey there I see you are in town. Did some work on my website so email was down. Let's get togther, yeah yeah yeah...
What's the meaning of the index passed to the draw callback in a script deck?
OMG I WAS KIDDING WHY ARE RANDOM PEOPLE LIKING THAT
Wow, even Richard Evans is on twitter!
Happy International Women's Day! Get inspired and celebrate your accomplishments, ladies!
I apologize. I forgot I was signed in to his account. My bad. He wanted a twitter. smh
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. Harry Kemp
Giovanni and me afterschool , haa we had an interesting conversation . ! <3
There is some serious design innovation at the Delta terminal at DFW. Anyone know who did it?
I love how Glamour magazine has so much more content! Especially love the real life pieces (Top Ten College Women) so inspiring
There is a (very remote) chance that I'm rocking out to AC/DC today because of Iron Man.
I'll do it now...watch and learn
Suddenly I felt a misty consciousness & I somehow knew that w-a-t-e-r meant the wonderful cool something that was flowing over my hand....
I want one!
call me ASAP 6023215619
4hrs Till youu Go For Canada ,are u excited?(: please follow me.
I never get on anymore haha
it's not even worth it!!
i have learned my lesson.
The shorter my hair is... the bigger my nose looks. Damn this Espinosa curse!
school tomorrow ): well, it was nice not having school monday or tuesday(:
SLIM!!! come visit us in the kuntry!!!
Get references on your HR application vendors! Be sure the one you pick can cater to the size of your company.
lol..im done lets go
#ff some of my favorites
bought my mommy flowers, chocolates, an I love mom magnet and a spa package for mothers day. THEN had them delivered to the house 😊
1) Vote to raise debt ceiling 2) Glad to see you finally joined the Twitter. Might want to rethink alias.
Holy shiznitpickles i just checked my voicemail only to find out i have a job offer . =]]
Manimal in beast mode
What cematary are u at? Its beautiful...
Our browser-based version is optimized for Android. No native app—it's tricky because of screen size fragmentation on that platform.
Great example of use of mobile tech: Fresno Bus Tracker using to report on transit reliability.
Omg this is late but i love tht song!! i bet the cover is going to be amazing!!
you shudup slut !
im not gunna lie. i really want to drink
RT : Limbaugh just lost the one of his longest running advertisers, the online dating site NaziMingle.
this more than a rivalry to me. it's pure fucking hatred.
Hey. McVaney isn't in the directory box.
Fucks with a bitch that watches the playoffs.
She thanks you for that!
Oh, fantastic! has drastically changed the way I approach...well, everything. You'll love her!
whoever is doing the morning show at wdae is going to end up making drive of the skyway.
Good Morning World. Make it a productive and wonderful day!
So I guess I'm now a person that irons my Oxford shirt at 7:30am so I can wear it with a fair isle sweater and not look sloppy. Really punx!
tell that to Peyton!
LUCKY. OH MY. SO LUCKY
Sometimes I love surprises
Both scare me.
Nothing but love-your team is its own team. You'll show the true red, white, and blue when it matters. Championships will come.
and hopefully also passion and joy -- if you make it through the turbulance :)
That dump on the NW corner of 30th St and 6th Ave, 1 flight up, was cleaned out. It was a clip joint, selling liquor without license. [1944]
"Like" this post if your are browsing Facebook on a PC right now!
imma hit her with my magic :) imma see her in school 2ma
dude you just need 4 more!! :D
now following brandon ellis :)
& because there are universal truths that can help all moms & moms to be like me.
Maintain throughout each season. Regardless of variety, roses require year round maintenance
We would love to tour through Kansas! We drove through there on our last tour but didn't play... haha
Glam red carpet WOW stunning actress model Miss California, star of ABC’s playing bad girl Lulu Pope.
smart man! ;)
Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love.
Push to start
Hi Chandra! Thanks for the retweet. :) Hope you're having a terrific Tuesday.
Lol She is in a better mood now(:
OMG. why am I always hungry 24/7?!? I need to stop eating so much.
What the fuck ...
Of Corse! Lol they tryna make me the Manager Already!
Ah, so I see, now. CakePHP 1.3 does ACL completely differently than the previous versions. Do your own tables and let automagic take over.
POUR SOME ALOE ON ME!
Single most important moving task complete: Cable install is scheduled.
According to a Baltimore sports reporter I won't name, when a team has a 5-3 lead, they are "steamrolling" the other team. Wow.
i'm from australia..:)
Google, you continue to out-do yourself. Love Mashable's quote "the world's collective productively takes a sharp plunge on this Friday".
RT : I use tests more for pre-tests so I have a better snapshot of what I need to teach #edchat <--why test if it doesn't inform?
UCLA's spring game was scheduled for Saturday May 05....yes
Just saw Ryan from , now it's a party! Can't wait for this meet to kick off!!
Tonight's special: bacon-wrapped dog, served in pita w/ nacho cheese dip and a side of spicy potato salad!
Happy Birthday Avril :D
"The Mayor ordered all city agencies, departments, bds, and comms to make data.. available to the public."
It would be a nationwide "ghetto party."
When winter weather strikes, strike back!
One Direction is coming here to Washington next year
Since when is your nickname Nay Nay girl? Lmao
haha that's you that does that!
Hey guys, Sorry it has been a few days since our last post but we have been busy with the website...we are almost there!
g i like this new one better cuz it aint as dark. lolol
I'm giving free skin care evaluations today in the Plastic Surgery dept. today at the Cleveland Clinic Avon open house. Come see me!
don't tell me what to do! ...i mean, next time! There will be so many next times!
RT : this is d - roc biggie smalls friend i just add u on my page--->Word? U shld let my homie know
so much amazing happens when you combine money + creativity + hedgehogs
Not tezting today \(^o^)/
Fucking with my feelings isn't a 'joke'.
Ooh dang! Do you have a cover for it?
Very nice of Peter Gammons to call out baseball bloggers on Boston sports radio. Stay classy, bud.
I can go for custard...custard not ice cream
and the moment you've all been waiting for, Sal wins the pierogie race by the length of a frying pan.
#edu11 Big themes: mobility, from the impact as devices come in, to presentation as we develop apps and mobile web sites, and the strategy
RT : "When you define yourself by your competition, you limit your vision to the extent of your competition."
You are an animal providing AFL fans precious information! The AFL dictionary!
Final panelist, Lydia Loren from Lewis & Clark revisiting the orphan metaphor: abandoned, misused, abused
Ya Allah I wanna Your exceeds expectation miracle !!! Only miracle !!!!.
thanks bro! I appreciate it
ahh geez you're going to make me blush - well we appreciate you taking the time and spending the money.
thank you!
Thank you nielsen for the two bux. I spent it on beer, and no... I won't send you your quiz or whatever this thing is.
#Plano trivia: What pizza chain opened their first restaurant in Plano? *First to answer correctly wins a Starbucks gift card!*
Tied series!!! Congrats !
dude what's going on??? Lol
Facebook=killing positive nostalgic images of people from past who really should have stayed there...admired friends become sexist, hateful.
We've marked a bunch of items down at DT2. Anything green-tagged is 25% off... that's about half the store! Brave the snow and say hello!
“: So glad I'm a #Gemini. #GeminiPride” you are so dead on with your tweets, keep it up
trying so hard not to fall asleep right now
Been honored2work with and for some great people these last 6 years...the name on the front meant something to them&it showed 2day
say no more homie..just link when u can
3D makes EVERY movie better!
Q: How many helicopters does it take for White House aides to go play a round of golf?A: Depends on how many were photographed.
off for a little while . hopefully when i get back on i'll have more followers <3 love you
Almost 70 degrees in February, let's get outside and enjoy it today!
anytime! And rounds like s perfect breakfast!
Not a bad view! Badger nation will be there to join you in a few days!
yeah. a couple times. but usually its just a <3 or like idk.
Headed to King George to be with Pern, & Bushel of whole crabs waiting and doing some party planning!
So PROUD of my best friend for that unassisted triple play <3
guyshh CHECK OUT MY WORLD ON GOOGLE HAVE A LOOK AT MY PICS ... :D
working but that's ok
at HQ working with on detroit's localwiki, alongside a graphic design intro class!
My team flopped out of the playoffs so I won't complain about the Miami Heat.
Hey guys i'm selling my mac book, And it comes with secret unreleased songs.
Go Bonnie :)
": I'm almost pretty. Lol"<<<< you are very pretty
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 3
Jogging home so I make it back in time for
TeamiPhone or TeamAndroid... bberry is amazing until it dies :/ mine only lasted a year had to order a new one...
“: I just wanna #FHBO RT : I just wanna dance..” YES me too!! Haha
aw haha and that's so sweet! :) *giggles* ": Hey, your birthday is comin up. :) I miss you."
nah, not my fam.....ill get her back...ill jus drive her crazy..thats easy for me to do!!!
Necessary Rant: One of my students wants to make a compromise in regards to her grades...meaning I raise it and she gets happy...
Time heals all wounds.
aww!! We heart you!!!
It feels good to be ME!!!
snow in philly this weekend... im not pleased
Awesome last Friday practice of STRYKE
#ArentYouTiredOf getting in a cab and saying follow that car! But you have to wait for Rebecca Black to decide which seat to take katt willi
Society has trained me, and others like me, to live in fear.
Thanks for the follow! I heard your beat changed. What stories are you covering now?
Nah, Carter has a spare. Just dunno where mine went and it's bugging me. Thanks though
. TY for follow!
what'd you break it in with? Heart and Soul, or good ol' Chopsticks?
#cwebodymedia What does tour Tebet market segmentation look like? Which of those customers is your target customer?
