Horse cops bringing up rear
Wassup longtime no hear !!
tats subs
lol sucks for you david but we all know jamir has been waiting to sit & chill in football lol
the show is at Beat Kitchen
"ulterior motive" is John Edwards' alternative name. "Mr. Motive, do you take this woman ..."
RT : : An actor is not afraid to take risks; to put on different hats; to be a good guy, bad guy, victim, abuser.
If that's our point of disagreement, it's a nice clean divide.
There's a perfect moment when you're scrubbing your house because your wife is on her way w/ your children and you want them to be received.
Why get your tits pierced and not show them off? Might as well pierce your tongue and not give head.
waiting on the new cwa album. Singer Stevie Rachelle said new music in the fall
hope you have a great one too!
follow back, and I love it how guys support justin!
thanks for the add and much success on your book
exact same here
Morning peeps!
Pizza and orange sody.
It's added to the queue. Right behind haikus generated off of status updates and my talking twitter client.
Catching microwaves on fire(;
leo u r tweeting at the globe what next Lmao
Well no sleep tonight...
Work can de-energize a romance. Try to limit conversation to a recap of the day's highs and lows and the sharing of ideas that excite both.
the roof is
Feeling a bit down so clearly my most obvious coping mechanism is to drink tea and listen to John Mayer alone in my office.
I've only been single for like an hour and I already hate it.
how was this morning? Its your first anniversary so I tgought I'd check
Getting Bored Here... So Im Out... Talk To You ALL L8er
wisely has Mad Men in their screening room each Sunday, with matching cocktails.
"a true directioner would RT this" yeah okay bro OKAY
Next up...Rolling Stone, Vogue, and Cooks Illustrated! :)
Haha, its all about maximizing usage of life :D I have lazy cat days too! Kick some psych final butt!
mom made me walk today to school just because I was being 'rude' -.-
Creepy patrons are creepy.
I had to take my daughter to a show of his, I am still traumatized
Come and see our new International Newsroom in UL2135!
oh my goodness. adhasjfashjgfa
No one cares u fat whore
Round of applause for all of the SAIC students. The colors, textures, and silhouettes have been brilliant-- & we've yet to hear Lana Del Rey
It's always got to be that one person fucking up my day-,-
#thestruggle of trying to hit the high notes in refill .
#Santorum's endorsement of #Romney: a a symbolic dab of Brylcreem & a vague nod in his general direction.
that behind you looks quite cozy !
check stephen Heller. good music.
Took a Victoria Wood song to sing for Donna McKechnie today. The U.S. gets the Mrs. Thatcher line but does not know what Vimto is.
A cup of coffee. Caffeine can counter-react the anti-focus mechanism in attention deficit disorder. ;) Good luck!
yes, he is! SpeakDatTruth!!! I love me some Pookie!
Nothing like having an ex stalk you, -_-
u are my idol!!!! your voice is amazing like really its so beautiful and i hope to sound like you someday! <3 please follow
Shopping on your lunch break is just too easy
When you're listening to conversations you know you shouldn't be hearing.
After four days in New Orleans, I'm slowly weaning myself down to normal calorie intake. Can't do it cold turkey.
I finally know what I want out of life.
Well, almost got the old mug ripped off by a skate yesterday. Let's got play again today!
#ubuntu+1 irc channel people are nice even to people who really should eat shit and die
I will in a bit! I just got off the plane.
Nobody claps for Gingrich saying lots of government programs do good jobs. Funny.
blacken the day
Takin' it to the streets
Feeling really ill eughh
Wow! Fingers crossed. Thanks to everyone trying to mitigate...
But he was a rogue ref! RT : that would be silly except for the whole, a ref got caught gambling on games thing :/
haha so still want grilled food!
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow daa new one
And to top it off they then resort to name calling...people need to grow up!
i just came across > 's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!! ur super funny! xD
I love the making of this brand more than one I started when I was 17 because it is so much harder to break in this market!
this year, pack a romper. though, you won't need it because hunter isn't around to carry you piggy-back style
kicking off the #SoMeSMPS workshop!
I'm practicing caution! Not sure how much longer I can use the baby-dwelling real estate, though.
Why have I not watched ORPHAN until now?! Two little girls just straight-up murdered Detective Wyms from THE SHIELD!
The Fn2s in collab with Youth Summer Basketball tournament registration will open up next week!
One of the best #FF tags I've ever been a part of - thank you so much!!!
My Mentions >>>
well at least they weren't hitting on me. Or... whatever they were trying to do. (anger you?) lol
Yeah he my boo thang :D
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it. - James Allen
that was probably the last caribbean food spot that had plantains in St Martin. lol.
So excited for new followers! Shoot me a tweet if you have any product questions, or just want to share a great video!
Thanks for hanging out with us!
Happy Australia Day to the Aussies! We will be celebrating in the US this weekend with meatpies, coopers and Tim Tams galore!
I'm happy to report you've officially gotten my vote today in Precinct 9 in Michigan. Good luck tonight!
i dm it
My 4 year old daughter Maya: how does watch all the kids to know whether they've been good or bad , does he use Skype or something?
Why is there so much traffic downtown?
wow today was boring and a lil successful at the same time been sending emails all day about the Fall Jam 2010 and worked on the office
We don't have tickets to Monster Jam but the wife is hell bent on making sure our son goes.
were bummed too!
i just did it friend lol
“: my future husband better be makin enough money to take me out to eat 3 times a day. cause i can't cook for shit.” tbh
it was great meeting you on set today.
and then you had to go to the hospital
I stand corrected :) I thought it wouldn't fit in with the Linux "culture" but i guess i was wrong!
working hard on this weeks supplychain workshop and marketing IMC...!!!
#Bama having some boot issues
Do you watch ? Well, if you've seen Jessedaley plan an extra, GO FOLLOW HIM. <3 :D he's amazing.
hahaha um sorry i don't have any advice for that :/
Did you know you can send us private messages on our FB Page now?
I may be a little late... but I still must say WOW and how awesome and grateful I am that OBAMA SUPPORTS SAME SEX MARRIAGE!
RT : I do not enjoy the word "runny". #random // How about the word "ruddy"?
Can next saturday plz hurry and get here???
RT : Thank you to for speeding the day with us for #CFALeadercast // Thx to all the volunteers who made it happen
Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope Dope
Thank you for attending the #ContentMarketing session at #FredNMT by ... glad to have had you there!
Excited to learn more about my role at the at the meeting this afternoon
haha that's funny. I was a lot bigger back then in my wrestling days
well i have a crazy single that is about to drop i know u will love it !!! It's called I don't wanna dream
hey wait r u my big or lil
I love this! LMAO!!! Pint sized lump of pure evil hahaha
R,I,P, #mikewallace !
For the ones who are madly in love, yet busy in work can actually take some time out and plan a special Valentine gift for your partner
Where can I order a custom bike that was on #SharkTank? Looking for a #Packers bike, go pack go.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Sorry about your balls.
Hey Greg! Thanks for following me, great to hear from you since the internship ended. How have you been? How were the holidays?
I hate when people ask me "whats wrong" or "what happened" JUST to be nosy. You was never there for me...so why you concerned?
We have an exciting announcement we will be making later this evening...be watching for it!
Thanks everyone for the nice tweets 2day,that really means to me a lot!
sports dictate my mood an unhealthy amount
Its gorgeous in Milwaukee as well!
I just started it last week. I'm glad that you are now a charter member! You can guest blog.
I touched the humid brow of New England then realized a return to the Pacific was necessary.
People on Twitter need to stop being so sensitive. It's ok to disagree!
At the park getting ready to start.
Noted as I drove west on Schuylkil Expwy: red dots pasted on every deer warning sign, right above the nose. Rudolph's from Philly? Who knew?
I realize I'm late to the party, but I just heard -- congrats on the new rugrat! Yay!
TOLD YOU.
But in better news, huge congrats to !
All American Beer Pong (AABP) hosting a six week round robin tournament in Boston...
Interesting contacts at marketing group!
You spread lies. Everything cool was created at UW-Madison.
It's technically Hunters old one, but I will. Only if you'll wakeboard too.
Ok thankz we can later 2moro gotta get up in a few...thankz again ;-)
How is your evening going so far, everyone?
“: Blame Lil Wayne for this weather, he always make it rain.” OMG...... Fckn hilarious........
indeed :D
JUST HANGING OUT WITH MY DOG FINN,,,,,
New album
The nice part of me being kidnapped would be that someone thought I looked young
aww.. Gary Pinkel is trending - and not for anything good. Poor judgement indeed, but unforgivable - I think not!
I wish my weekends didn't consist of working all the time, but damn my paychecks are fancy.
i love it when you call me big poppa
AT #IHOP with
Dear John was amazing. <3
you're welcome. Hope it was helpful =)
New Website Design!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
me too. random people keep calling me on oovoo right now ahah
Today's BTU inspiration: "Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." ~J.R.R. Tolkien
Hey #actors - What #sag screeners are we gonna get? I got The Help yesterday!
so nice meeting you today b4 your performance, you did amazing:) Keep dancing! Love you!:)
we were just talking about it last night ad we read it to our son. Wouldn't fly anymore!
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
Sandra Smith is now a member of America’s Health Insurance Plans!
My mom taught me to dream big & encouraged me to go far, even when it meant moving across the country for dream job!
Purple Rhino is available for $35 and 8th all day today @ Tea Pot Lounge
I just got it. U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game. Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out!
Need a new iPad for less than $20? Head to BidFather.com and win one today!
No im just glad we dont have school tomorrow
Performing a magic show and twisting balloons in Brockton, Ma. at 1:15pm
Time for some WINNERS!
Tune in now #X EFFECT New Music Show now in session 10p-mid. Top of 11p featuring 3 of Vegas's top local bands...
Top 1% of startups account for 40% of new job creation - Anthony Chen @ Silicon Flatirons Conference
i&#39;d like to learn more sometime later
Actual line from a paper I'm reviewing: "The heroin is a young woman named Belle who falls in love with the Beast despite being enchanted."
this person i don't like.
Wow, it's July! Where did the first half of 2011 go?!?
is the world really round " yes" you didn't go into space so how do you know for sure? '' astronauts say so!!!" what if there wrong "um"
17 ACLS fellows and grantees among the 2012 Congratulations! We'll post a list soon.
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise !
Sort of not really. But it'll be fine!
This guy is! Bring me some winners Ladies!
and I have many things in common but most importantly of all we believe in breaking rules and abundant orgasms
It really helps to also have an understanding of computers, analytics, seo optim. etc. Plus skills like CSS, PHP etc.
It's looking like the Celtics fans ran all up in Atlanta.
Stop asking me plz i hate answering 😒
they have battled adversity all season! I'm not surprised......
DM me your cell. We should text.
B.o.B gets advice from Chris Martin for 2nd album
Last weekend at Jwu and I'm goin to sleep? My school suck
We got a cd from local band a lil while ago at a concert (yay being anonymous) we are jammin to #heartspeak check them out!
my god Kobe
Get down wicha bad self
has found a new love for cheese cubes!
When the teacher plays rap music in class >>> hahaha
haha somethin like that.... Are you back home now?
random fact I just discovered.. Ice nine kills is still a band. They are playing a festival in the next couple months
I wonder how many ppl would tweet or post a fb status if the world was ending? O.o
"That's the kind of place this is--lots of sexy people, not doing much work, having affairs." God I love the I.T. Crowd.
For National Library Week instead of linking a good library article. Thoughts: Web linked Newspapers NEED location in byline. seriously!
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Praise Jesus I love the black church!
No one ever seems to bring up the obvious post-divorce-from-Ben devastation and loneliness subtext of that Siri commercial.
Total power outage across all of renton
so wanna buy an 02 gti? It runs great. For now...
#mw2012 is almost like being there. And I can wear my pajamas.
As if you had any doubt that you would be elected Chair. :)
#smbmad Thanks for coming Bruce - interested to hear about your take aways
OK, so maybe I'll need to start using twitter again, since my sister, , is here now.
sent u 2 DM's!! please read them!
oh great! Let me know if you need someone to stop by with a case of keystone and make you a sandwich!
Sounds wonderful! Will keep an eye out :)
well thanks much!
If I leave are you gonna wish I stayed?<3
third interview on Wednesday! Will be ringing you for seal-the-deal help Monday; I want this so badly! Jxo
Little kid cartoon movies❤ >>>>
I love you so much that if you wanted to get innto my phone youde enter YOUR last numbers in you phone
Love your stuff! All the presents we got from your store were a hit!
like okay.
Learn silk screening from the at the Demo Booth (1pm and 3pm). You can also enter to win a textile
Prince George then a huge detour to Dawson('s) Creek!
RT IF YOU HAVE AN INSTAGRAM FOLLOW ME===> TaylorBieber15 <=== I POST UP TO DATE PICS OF JUSTIN BIEBER AND OTHER CELEBS WE ALL LOVE! :)
Dog Park Murder. Almost serves those Wyman Park Poopers right!
I knew you were the same. People never change.
I got so busy, I fell off the #gratefulness wagon. Back on today and grateful for my chiropractor!
Welcome back! Hope your holiday break was relaxing and rejuvenating. We are so ready for a great 2012.
When I started at my med library, everyone hoped I'd meet someone there. Sorry, happy with my English major BF.
your welcome:]xo
Hello Mike - can you send a link to the Milwaukee Makerspace? I would like to visit and check it out. Thanks!
check ur email bro
:(. I wish I could talk to you and Nanda on the phone at least. Maybe I can calm her down and help her feel better. ;(
This just in, Luke Bryan does NOT want this night to end
Today was good, happy president's day but not to the moron that is currently in office. I hope America will kick him out soon
"Young Freezy wants to be friends on Facebook. You have 54 friends in common. Reply "add" to confirm." lolwat
i just can't stand artificially folksy. i grew up somewhere artificially folksy and i can't take it in any form.
thanks for being awesome!
sounds like a plan!!!
i think i got u sick ive been sick and still am
Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it! /cc
Hey! Thanks for the RT! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Pretty sure I just failed that bio test.....
I'm with you on that! People keep blowing it off like its no big deal...
LOVE IS NOT REAL.
Konerko just stole standing up
bitch i just told you about that the other day!
for A2: plan, plan, plan! Have good training sessions, get ppl excited (super service), think ahead. B flexible!
if you don't have plans tomorrow night there's a free show at the hole in the wall - hello wheels and shakey graves. 2 faves.
Mo and I hiked up to Turkey Creek Hot Springs. With 3 crossings of Gila River. Cold wet feet at each crossing. But nice, warm at the springs
still haven't noticed Qaaa???
You can use the cold tea bags for hot tea... its the same product :) We would love to have a Canadian distributor... any ideas?
Pat Sajak is one funny man!
Can I stop studying the new NFL OT rules now?
I wanna get ittyttytt.!!?!!
please follow me? (:
Anyways...:-) happy mothers' day to all the mommas out there .
Thanks for trending !!!
LoL 2Pac? I heard he's still alive hiding in a Walmart somewhere...no wait, that was Elvis ;-)
Weekend is finally here.
Really? How do you "translate cancer care"? By politicizing women's health and reproductive choices?
On my daily grind to put food on the table, a roof over their heads and clothes on their backs!
seriously? May be taking a cruise that docks there for 2 days then puerto vall.
im doing well. How are you?
I'm glad it turned out alright. I think I may have been sleep walking a little.
We Are in April, Its Boutaa Be May & The Weather is Still Cold WTF -_- Didnt` We Have Hot Weather The Other Day, This Weather Is Soo BiPolar
Happy mother's day!
I used to hate cats, but now these two make my day. They are hilarious and adorable
Hood rat, hood rat, hoochie mama
Wow-the intro on #charliechrist topic on #billmaher was rough for those who "don't know"
Strive to get to the place where you don't want to trade your life for someone else's.
You always have a fun prospective!
lol silly people tweeting me trying to advertise others to me. no fanks. not if i dont know you bye.
haha it definitely is! Text me! I have something to ask youu.
Before you get a 1,000 dollar guitar, you should probably know how to play it first. Just sayin'
thanks for following and hello from The States.
Big crowd at JJ Jump today. Such a great idea for wear-house space!
Morning Marcie - How are you?
i hear ya,, I so need one too. I am glad to hear u r doing so well. take lots of pics for me plz! Have a blast!
Congrats to our partner ! Let’s celebrate SeniorCorps Week & honor the awesome older volunteers in our community
Love is like a flower, even the most beautiful kind dies
Huge thanks to everyone tweeting from #AIF2010. I'm loving the strands of info! Great content. I definitely want to go next yr
42 to 50 what's it gonna be?
i really cant anymore
cooking channel just aired a commercial about a resource for people with eating disorders
Important reminder that we still have a way to go & those with #foodallergy can never be too careful. So tragic.
70 years ago today, the US entered WWII; More than 16 million American men would go on to serve in the war before 1945
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best.. vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins? Poe
kudos to LA city firefighters on the dog rescue.
Hackin us up like its judgement day....
it goes great! You?
go outside dumbass
Can we go at 11am on Sat? I want to be there as soon as they open. Let me know if that works for you!
I don't even know you any more
Watching and blogtv!!!
Gurrrrl. You have no idea.
#exhausted ! Soccer Tryouts are the worst but that's what I'm gonna have to go through because I love the game(:
u Kara. Some dude who can't let u go?
Hello from sunny Kentucky.
TGIF TGIF TGIF Have a tiggeriffic weekend. C U all back here on monday over coffee.
I don't feel like sleeping
Hey , we promise to shout out answers from the treadmill if you add some #cancer or #running questions to the mix on Thurs.
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world
RT #irony: the metadata provided by a #digitalpreservation tool correlates to the variables I use to run
I need Nyquill but that's downstairs with the Aliens.
Nine of my logos were just published in "Logos 2: Bright Ideas from Around the World" edited by David E. Carter. Thank you!
I Guess I'm About To Chill Widd Some Co Workers Tonite
Always ready
Sounds like she will make a fine politician someday.
heading to Las Vegas for the weekend
First two days of #Boston trip = dismal, but tomorrow is going to be awesome. :)
So I Get Off comes on my iPod and I listen to it...then I had to listen to the entire album. But don't worry...it's still amazing!
Messed up one of my past tweets...
Discount nature magazine subscriptions
Our first interview with Adam Ruben just set a traffic record for Post Academic. Thank you for visiting! Part 2 is tomorrow.
all u hater say hi to it lol
Please email me: and let me know what you're trying to do so I can find you the right person. :)
im enjoying my time . i hope my summer is just as good
The worms will get in. They always get in.
Had a nice 6.25 mile run around Lake Wingra today. Met up with another for 3 miles. Always fun to share the road with another runner.
And Jacob vs.. Whoever is possessing John Locke
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. ~ Cicero
Oprah is one beautiful lady and if you have something negative too say about this statement just keep it to yourself.
why it get so cold?
“: Every single Simpsonizer deserves to be the NJY girl.” LET THE CHURCH SAY AMEN!
Shots shots time, i love watching tv shows drunk, i feel like i understand them better
Totally agree!! RT: Tip for today: Avoid mean-spirited people. They are the devil's kinfolk.
its MOTHERS DAY and a Sunday ta boot. You couldnt cut the lawn yesterday or even tomorrow? Assholes. Its 7am...let us sleep.
LeBron is that dude...
Thanks to everyone who supported us - even though we didn't hit our goal, we did make some great friends in the process!
wowww dad love you too
. The amount of monies spent on programs negates desire to put classroom libraries in place.
Damn. That was fast, if true. Mike Sweeney is a Phillie (per )
If you can't query on it, you can't segment on it -- so don't try
"Just A Kiss" was our song. We both sang it to each-other. Now everytime i hear it, i cry.
You should follow They make incredibly cool shirts. Some creepy and spooky (and beautiful) check them out!
candles candle holders oil warmers discount candles www.discountgifts365.com
The true gentleman does not preach his beliefs until he does so by his actions.
thanks love I'm about to call u
: love u2
Why do people continue to overlook Ron Paul, isn't he the most conservative of all the Republican hopefuls?
Left handed Guitars: Guitars, accessories and information for left handed guitarists error
website message: "we depend on ad revenue, please disable your adblocker". tip: everything on your site is also on OTHER sites, Einstein.
are you really tweeting in chem?
How was that a blow to the head??
That's a really good point! We want to help not make the experience more difficult. Wrangling kids is a challenge!
I would like to thank you for the advice you gave me when i was in chicago for the #APHIA convention.
id have been shitty too lol
Don't let looks be everything. .. it what inside that counts.. speak and be heard.. smile and be seen. Ask and you'll know.
I want to watch Stand By Me :/
i must really be uncool....nobody ever wants to hang out wif me.... :'(
hells yes! thank you for showing these milwaukee boys some love, adam! they are talented, amazing peeps
When a girls face is pretty , but her body is ALL KINDSA FUCKED UP!
Hmm, wonder if Adrian Gonzalez getting HBP by Matt Moore had anything 2 do w/ guaranteeing HR 2night? Will Felix retaliate?
keep in mind the unlimited for $30 is only for a limited time & the new iPhone is also due to come out mid-year.
how do you miss a breakaway dunk? LOLOLOL
That #CabinInTheWoods movie was a trip...
I hate this feeling of not knowing. Seriously, why can't professors just post grades on Blackboard?
Watching Frozen Planet with Viggle Sun | 5PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
if your timeline is flooded with people rt'ing the biebs, that's a you problem
I've missed you too!! ='D
The Breakfast of Champions! RT : I have to get my morning fix w/ &
Jimmy Johns is better breadwise, but subway kills the breakfast, has more veggies, and don't get their food pushed to a side
Happy Fat Tuesday!! Join us tonight for live music and $1 off TX beers
Is everyone bday in February? To many people! Everywhere I go I here happy bday litterally each day there's a freaking bday can't keep track
I know. We were just talking about this last night with our friend who works at NESN.
Overcapitalized startup fail of the day: "stealth mode" designed into logo in stylized font.
I know I'm gonna lose followers
Disagree. Edward Sharpe pillages psychedelia's corpse in an npr-friendly way. He's too self-consciously retro to be folk.
Number One Son has been home from #MSU since Friday night. So far he's logged about 36 hours of sleep and 20,000 calories.
Pretty little liars tonight(: so excited!
I have used video. Well received
:D It shouldnt be too hard to get people to listen. and once they do they'll love it haha
covered in hair. . .
Do you have an artist, or actor you would like to meet? Come meet them at Madame Tussauds. You won’t believe what you will see.Tomorrow 2pm.
i've never seen the notebook... im weird.
Sunshine and smiles! Laundry and lots of laundry!
Rang in the new year to the immortal strains of "Baby Got Back." Ditching the cocktail bar for the karaoke bar was a good decision.
I know, the "Old Gun Slinger" #4 is coming back!!
Red Sox Nation caught a "whiff" of fresh air last night after A-Rod's last at-bat. :)
Prayin' for fast recovery B!
Ugh dnt wanna go to wrk
Just woke up to a serious battle! Wow
do u follow back?
Prayer request for Lynn: Please pray for her healing and also peace as she awaits test results. She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
Do you have talking points ready when you go into an interview? How are you going to answer: What's up?
those summer opportunities sound awesome! Thanks for the heads up!
I get Truxie, nice dev work & real benefit to the food truck owners and consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job guys.
Fuck me like ya missed me
The best salt for your health is natural and unrefined, not heavily processed (which is the type used in most processed foods).
haha how old r u? <3
Onions have been shown to help reduce blood pressure and cholesterol – Just be sure to keep those breath mints handy!
i noticed the same thing! Also,what was with his calling out of the woman with the crying baby?He should have told ppl to ignore it
Secret Life, Secret Death at the Oriental Theater in Milwaukee, TONIGHT on May 10, Thursday, 7 p.m. AFTER PARTY at Von Trier's.
I get pissed when I hit every single red light! Ugh!
RT : Miami... join the family of Trayvon Martin and I at your rally on 04/01, for more information contact
dude, all about the taco trucks in oakland. Battle of the taco trucks coming up I think!
Ok, Jenny doesn't want to hit tweet limit so DM me?
uk we can wear boots
lol this all confuses me. Oh well.
THIS IS OUR TOWN
Following & I too have exchanged my iPad 3 (wifi) for Verizon model. This Twitter thing is starting to cost me money
My ex just texted me telling me to get the fuck over her?? Wtf? Grow up.
RT : LSU & Wisconsin the only schools with at least one player selected in each of the first three rounds.
Check your spelling.
I'm glad your in one direction
Where and when is the townhall tomorrow? The Hoya would love to attend.
I've got strep and cat scratch fever. I'm a winner!
have you registered for CAA yet?
15+-knot winds at the local beaches right after El Clasico on a beautiful Boston spring Saturday?
It took the Empire several $trillion dollars of overreaction & countless lives to do the only reasonable post 9/11 action: death of OBL.
lol not spamming. Just kidding around. #TSB is good stuff. Podcast is good too.
so i took a nap around 5 and didnt wake up till 10
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
Hiring people is an art, not a science, and resumes can't tell you whether someone will fit into a company's culture.~ Howard Schultz
I told this dude I'm busy til the middle of next month and he still texts everyday like "if u have time I'd love to see you today"
The patio is open! Come on down!
lots of good things going on and Steve-O picked me to give a pair of tickets too! Will be meeting him tonight :-)
You made my day with #classy ! :)
so sad! RT All 52 Bottlenose and 7 Risso Dolphins, including young calves, have been ruthlessly murdered in Taiji.
I was just wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don’t show?
it's your fantasy, but wouldn't "Bitch, please" sound better coming from Samuel L Jackson?
We also support maps created on Google Maps.
Thanks for making Portico's first AME conference great!
lol im okay long as you aint tryin to fuck we cool, I got my own dick for that...a nice fat Puerto Rican one too hahah ;)
working lunch again
No offense to the Zombies but I am very glad to be able to focus 100% on my first true love, the NBA. Go Hawks!
#onceuponatime omg, charming getting ass kicked :/
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection::: Michelangelo :::www.itsartnotstuff.com...Luv Art!
Watching The Last Song Even thou' i hate mileycyrus.lol
#TheEllenShow Tomorrow!!!! Because of #victoriajustice Woo!!!!!
A1. Is it typical for formal policy to arise from a mistake, crisis, overstepping?
Workaholics is the greatest show!!
My fingers .. They itchin ... They itchin for tha paper
She said, "I thought u were a role model?" I replied "Yes, I model rolls. I work for Philsbury."
The fine folks at just made my week.
- Is a BIG MEANIE!
My great grandma stopped by and dropped off my Ham&Cheese on italian bread fromm Subway. Ustream and Subway! Wahoo!! :D
"We don't need a reason"- I 💙 whatever she puts out! 😉keep it up.
do something go with someone, I did I had so much fun at the park, :-)
did you see mine?!?!?
#ILoveAWoman who’s not too proud or afraid to say #ImSorry #IFuckedUp or #ThisIsHard …cause our relationship's bigger than her pride or fear
Tubby and Donna! Wow!
Happy Easter everyone! Cooked, got church in, worshiped, ate Qdoba, watched hoops, napped and can't wait for fam dinner at my bro's place!
So the machine just gave $3.50 in quarters.....
#SmackDown shut up now go away
I still can't get over the fact that followed me without me asking(:
So glad I switched from to (read it later). New features keep proving it to be the better service.
a song
Lol I barely use iTunes anymore. I'm become accustomed to buying albums in stores now.
Looks like Billy Hunter was taking great care of his family
oh yes- check my tweets from last night, haha
I bought a bunch of stuff for kickball. Is that something?
yeah, it sounded rusty.
you gotta come visit us in DC!
this is awesome i luv u and i hav ur tweets sent to my phone so i can keep up with u....oh and i am not a stalker.hehe just sayin
It's all in how you play with the numbers. The number of profitable programs goes way down if you count subsidies
lol nothing wrong with white iphone, but
thanks for the mention! We heart
"Mo Triptifan, Mo Problems"
Man I think its that time
ever thought of expanding coverage over to this side of the state? I'd happily help you out!
can we go2 CANADA this summma
we're thinking patio #coldcraftbeer as part of today's #EABF countdown. :)
MarkCurtis_Wood...thanks for following me. -douggieb
im really srri :( is there anything i can do to help?
thanks kid!
hey, promise u'll say good night be4 u sleep, right?
Brock Lesnar says i'm back and i feel good. Fights Allistar Overeem in Vegas Dec 30th. Winner gets Velasquez/Dos Santos winner.
who are you?:)
Still trying to get my Awesome WM desktop just the way I like it, but I'm REALLY liking it! Tiling window managers are... awesome! heh...
Loving the life that I'm living.
"He's a nice person once you get to know him." might as well just say, "He's a jerk, but you'll get used to it."
no prob. Awesome pic. Happy Monday :)
I'm following you but you're not following me!!!
Thomas escaped the media scrum out a side door
Crying inside after hearing smooth jazz soprano sax cover of Step in the Name of Love. To quote R.Kelly "a tear just fell up out my eye" :'(
prin Bucuresti... chilling like a boss .... am chef de facut muzica!!! where da studio at?
hey now! I have to try!
8 mins left in our 1 hour delay. Will we take off or will we call a quits? Either way, it may be a wild night in #chitown for me ...
totally! you have grace
I need new headshot's :(
hey n ur welcome
also on fox and nba playoffs its a good day to be a fan
Going on Day Two of...nothin' much, in a satin robe. And it is heavenly.
to place an order...NX Order in the subject line
I think my last tweet deserves a RT from :)
A little late, but - I LOVED the movie. I cried like a baby and I NEED to see it again soon!
Cain to endorse Newt; cites his ability to just divorce wives on sickbed rather than lie to them for 13 years as sign of decision making.
Slight hiccup. Fresno film is close.
WHO wants to get McD's breakfast before I have to go to work, I have a car this morning
This month The $1 Million Facebook Experiment is supporting Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs. Join now and help!
I'm predicting Tim will throw 3 TDs on Sunday.
I loved the old pictures. :-) ": RT Did you see #DuckDynasty on Inside Edition? They rocked!! Yup"
DFW and MKE. One of these is the 4th largest metro area in US, the other...isn't. Draw similarly. All hail Mark A.
my fuckn toe hurts..D:
Dear twitter followers in & around Monroe, GA. Please join Nice Guys DJ this Sat night at Amici. DJ/Lights/BigCityFeel all in your back yard
Does miss Chicago. (; & he know it :D
I must say. I enjoy watching Paul McCartney. this is cool
All of them simultaneously!
RT : Nick Cope's in town to guest DJ at the Get Down tonight. starts at 10pm, Mad Planet, 533 E Center St, Milwaukee, WI. USA.
Everyone keeps telling me he's a keeper,I just say it's to early to tell(: I'm not gonna force anything(: just let it be.
I finally got my cake de tres leches!!!
With the current challenges in WA state, was surprised to vote on such marginal issues today!
lol it's gonna be a classic
Tip #199: Consider that at a full table 16 cards are never going to come on the turn or river. You have less outs than you may think.
CRAP Anyone See or HERE Damage n Henryville, IN MY FAMILY lives there. HS destroyed
It is bad enough when $ overides ecological needs but when an Eco geek makes the same decision based on a few $$ I get really pissed
good bye molly :'( sing for the angles
I wish I was seeing you! Can you come to Boston please.
#beerfriday has officially started. I love my job
I heard a lecture yesterday:scientists trained organotypic slices w/ electrical impulses.A brain in a dish learning! Intelligence?
Homemade kale and quinoa salad with a yummy margarita!
My name is Jamie Davidson and I am comfortable in my own skin.
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world
Due to newly added music I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Finally last period, yay with my friends Maria Jannette Jennifer and me!!!!!
till then we can do the 69!!
I think you should cause yolooo lol
I think the comments/notes on Pinterest are hard to read - font and format is hard to see. For text, like wikis better.
Time is slowing down as it slowly becomes time.
could you give me a shoutout ?:) idk why just random;)?
Gives thanks to the creator of Earth Day and the universe.
Tomrow at the MAGNET Creative Seminar in NYC: Brooks Thomas, Emerging Media Coordinator, Southwest Airlines, DING!
I got pulled over by the cops this weekend and my hoodie didn't help .. SMH
Hi there!
oh! Yeah! Exactly! Probably because Mars Volta was never the anecdote du jour the way Tyler the Creator is.
RSVP to watch the Big Game with the Polar Bears, LIVE With each RSVP Coke will donate $1 to WWF
My bracket is all messed up. I'm terrible at prognostication.
i seriously thought slapping it would work, i screamed like a little bitch:p
You know how Willy Wonka is the candy man? I am the coffee man.
35% of US owns smartphones so #QR is here to stay.
Use #BaruchFON for tonight's Future of News event at Baruch w/ Karen Dunlap, &
European plates? You're a douche
LUCKY YOU!! YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!
Aw! Nice mama vid!
I would snort seventeen ounces of garlic powder for some strawberries right now.
Walmart completes renovations and raises money for community - Lexington Dispatch
Historical sources: don't believe everything you read. Ask question of these documents. Good advice.
Lol, this should happen. RT I would pay money to see Robbie Keane and Peter Vermes have a "scowl off".
Sure! Done.
heard your vm. I'm assuming your sleeping now but I'll b up for another 45 mins. Otherwise u can fill me in tomorrow.
“: Getting beers with before heading home from #G2B12 !” <~~ jealous!
Safety Reminder: The more places/sites w/ your credit card info on file, the more chance there is you'll get hacked.
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Afraid to get hurt again
ranting to myself >
Friday Follows TGIF
it was bound to happen
Browse through our #musician and #performer portfolios. If you'd like to build your own contact us for help! www.Shastic.com. Have fun!
yore welcome to come through to my bonfire pat!
#imagine being 's girlfriend and taking silly pictures with him . <3
Some say LaLa Anthony's show #FullCourtLife is boring. #GTFOH Why? Oh, she's a REAL #BBW with self-respect & doesn't fight on TV!
RT mom:come on in guys time to eat.bro:hey Vctoria's is back.they all look back.sis:hey where did he go.dad:he wanted to eat first i think
because the UK fans think were all damn bitches. 1. because we say harrys name differently 2. bc the album was #1 only here
Beach tomorrow with my favorite boys :)
Man, I am going to miss the sounds of the pirates on my late night walks home ...
In other news, beauty sleep time. Goodnight, Chicago Bulls. Goodnight Atlanta. Goodnight, Ned.
Andrew should just text me . Cause we both know i'm too lazy to copy the number down. Type it out then text him.
text me Shaun :)
USPTO announces a delay in fast track examination due to cut in budget by Congress
225 ∞ favorite store?
Pacers won!(:
Lol I'm down. DM me
Still laughing at 's question of the day: "Do you have a doll house I can borrow?"...Um. What would I be doing with one of those?
RT : RT : That awkward moment when you have to explain that No Shave November is meant for men, NOT women.
Dear , really? U trespassed on my property, entered my backyard while we weren't home-to install your smart meter?
I should probably get put of bed soon.
in a rehearsal for my Italian classical song and girl it last for 3 hrs. What you doing boo !?
& MBTV 6-9 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
Wow! Thanks Kim Fields for a great day to sip tea with a purpose. We had a fabulous time wish you could have been there See you next year
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred - Barbara de Angelis
Got my graduation dress (:
You're right. I just got caught up in the moment. They're still stupid.
Wow. TatMash.com sucks terribly. What good is this if it's browser specific? Can't get it to work in Safari. Weak.
Exactly GDN, I cant wait to hear the expert opinion on how our greatest coach ever was a cancer
ambiguously foul word of the day:
oh snaps! I turned around and didn't see you guys. where y'all now?
Anyone no who could build me a contraption that would yank me out of bed and drop me in the shower. I struggled bad getting up this morning
Thanks kindly -BF
Fathers be good to your daughters, they'll love the way you do.
Looks like T-Rex came by
Simons first girl is horrific
And the best catcher in baseball does it again! Yadier Molina is clutch.
UK will be in the final 4. Back where we belong
just hoping he not a second coming of marvin williams
Advocates give detained people false hope of winning asylum? Stop lying Ms. Vaughn.
was an awesome game
Almost everything decision makers need to know about the competitive environment can be discovered using legal, ethical means.
This is a mulligan year for
A boy locks his phone, a man tells you to check his messages
Man were to go today to bust a mission,.,
In an mood, guess its time to #SetTheWorldOnFire!
Why are people on Bye week included in the ESPN rankings??
We can't wait to show you guys what we've been working on. Who's excited?!
im finna see how a macbook looks like on google
its about time.ive been waiting my whole life.
8 amazing months...Wow! I didn't know I would love him like this!
institutions that are devoted to history related pursuits should bother to date the articles and press releases on their websites.
Damn its hot lol
you really need a hobby! :-)
RT : happy mothers day to all the moms out there... especially to my mom for putting up with me.
gonna try to sleep. phillies tomorrow ! goodnight <3
Great start to an awesome season! Hope everyone enjoyed their first night, and are ready for next week!
writing u
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
This nicca wit his 40 year ol lines.. Lmao
“: boo to your team. boo, i say.” RT We'll see what kind of team the Rangers are. We'll be waiting.
Let the games begin!! After we take care of GU:)
: needs #Followers to
It's so sad the only way a bitch becomes relevant is by using your name,they all wanna be like the queen,but there's only 1 !
yes, was hacked! I think the problem is solved now:)
CO food and CO wine..um yes please! ": Done and Done!"
Oh, snap, on the Parks and Rec.
Thank you so much! Had a blast, happened so fast! :) Cheers!
I hate driving in bad weather.. Ugh. So glad to be home!
It's over. Thank you Payton Manning for really helping our Colts, even our culture as a city in Indy grow. I saw you in SB 46, we all won!
What an awesome finals at the in #vegas! Congrats to #Samoa for their 26-19 win over #1 ranked #Newzealand!
well is there anyway i can ACTUALLY help? I'm always here to listen..^^'
Watching highlights of the game. Hilarious. Top of the 17th. DH pitched an inning of relief. Wishing for the
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Tumblr. Cool. More at 11.
lets see if we can get austin to notice us or follow us..haha -raquel
Between The Sheets #86 - The Truth Will Set You Free!
GM Ladies :-)
i don't curr, i do too
Laundry is the worst chore ever!
Aint Feelin Lyk Myself Right Now For Some Reason
Easy hands down.
Ah, that's revenue, not profit.
Blonde or brunette shit ill take both
hi! I miss you! <3
which oph? Come to Portland and try the true original
94 years ago today Congress authorized times zones and approved daylight savings time! How many times zones are there in the U.S.?
A:4 We must accept that change is a constant force of growth. It is our choice to be positive or negative.
yea listen my sister just died so i really dont wanna talk to anyone sorry for the trouble that causes u
Thanks so much for the RT!
#ireallywant the money the money and the cars the cars and the clothes
And thank you for reminding me that it's Friday...
Castles are very heavy, so putting them on clouds would be extremely dangerous.
thanks! I'll be there late tomorrow. Hope to see you!
best party favor from last night- giant woopie cushion. Should I blame you or your dad??
It's hard to dance with a devil on your back so shake him out
omgg, we missed you too! Camille's not teaching it.. I think Brittany is.
#Onthebrightside even though we been over, its kinda cute to know were still in love..
If you need a personal assistant to help keep your clothes warm and safe, I'm available 24/7
We've got 2 of the Final Four teams... Can't wait for Sunday Funday!!!
Ive been raising up my hands, drive another nail in. Just what God needs, one more victim..
God save us all.
What ever happened to Jimmy Neutron?
thanx for the follow. Dont be shy .
Today was a great day!
heard that!
hey dudes! how are yous? oh, thank you =) I'll always do this!
Fargo Rock City
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Butternut Squash. Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.”
“Urgent things have the appearance of importance
#YouveDoneItToo darting while running
she lucky. That's not what's up.
Thx 4 following !! If you board & take shots #LBLD LongBoarding LadyDude check us out on IG & Facebook !!i
no it's just a hobby (not professional) I do online design
haha I know bud. All in good fun. Tell mr zupan to kindly return to the USSR for me
You can only be real with the real
Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in.
Is that a bad or good thing.
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
#NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State! Bright futures being made here!
Looks awesome!
not here but do you know radian6?
listening to you, makes me want to start dancing in the streets.
do you got any off days still? lets hit up cedar point.
I gotta b in the city till 5ish cuzzy
I use to call goose bumps " Goose Nuts " xD
Great to meet you, Hollywood Tweet! :-)
did you use a
imagine all the wonderful people you could meet at a game!
I mean hey lol
i'm out. got to work a 12 hr shift tomorrow. good night, you snugly bastards
84% of U.S. Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ... - Sacramento Bee
restart semester in Boston today: get the "kids" goin' stompin' and ready to take on 21st c. challenges They r all heroes!
quote of the day, "she looks like a chicken Mcnugget!" lmao
RT": Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice."
Rock it out! RT Getting ready for Root for the Roots at Basil Elementary. Carrot taco anyone?
Is there an emoticon for being annoyed?
Chowchilla CA! RT : If Khloe &amp; I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&amp;KhloeTake...
Uh, if im going to poo anyway it might as well be at work while im getting paid overtime.
For sure-- it's a pretty unique department, so if you've got any questions please feel free-- congrats on the faculty appointment!
Getting a cast on the ankle on Friday. Realizing all the things I won't be able to do with a three-week cast.
Fun interview with Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher (Joe the Plumber) on "Free for All Friday," talking about common sense tax reform!
We use Mail Chimp with no problems. Powerful and easy to use with good resources for learning.
i have things and rants i want to post. but restraint is called for. so i shall primal scream instead
Fat Tire Beer has arrived in the 434. Holla!
Thanks for pointing out OSU loss. Now I am 0-5 this weekend.
i feel yu G
Somebody, please tell Sec. Clinton to go inside and not come out until she has a new haircut. My gosh, that's frightening.
good night. you are a highly productive sleeper.
sweet, its on! Nite!
Watching casino royale. James bond is my man. Love me a good tux.
KISS ME, kiss me Infect me with your love and Fill me with your poison Take me, ta-ta-take me Wanna be a victim Ready for abduction
mole tweet
Well, that was frustrating.
how's it going? I'm gonna be late for the civil wars.
I see you made it through the night LMAO
Thank you so much!!! I love your song One on One!! Your voice is soo amazing!! =)
Sounds like a Putamayo cd in here.
im not going to sleep, im eating
when da pimps in da crib ma drop it like its hot.
Well at least the #Yankees showed up today. Great outing for Kuroda
shit yeah.. me too. i need to do that review lmao. I hope so too that'd make everything easier..
But you have time for a nap too! DO IT ALL! That's what I say :) Lovely seeing you this morning!
Inadvertently kicking hornet nests at work. Too many projects to worry about subtlety...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 72
What a great picture thanks for sharing and dining! RT : Went to brunch this past sunday and had Peanut butter and jelly...
early 20's!
hell yeah! BRING IT BITCHES ;D
honesty. what a concept
I hate to play favorites but indie movies (and tv) coming out of Britain, especially Channel/Film 4, affect me like almost nothing else.
See on FB from Irish fellow: "When you come, bring some teabags. We like to drown them in boiling water over here." LOVE IT!
“: Hopefully school gets rained out tom”
scraps stomped his paw & told the man 2 sign the deal memo to make him the agency creative director. but he's playing hardball w/scraps.
is that an invitation?
Perhaps the tradition Rush is upholding is Mormon.
Are you going to include the old school rabbit ears?
Getting close - In Hilliard you have the torment of small intrastucture & bad traffic. In a few days Roberts Rd opens up to 5 lanes. HUGE!
Follow my bro
How bout we get my station a few more followers up in here??? You'll be happy you did!!!
Further consolidation in media #ZiffDavis purchased by
Oh lord lol RT : I guess were going to the strip club..
This is way harder than I thought it was gonna be.
Haven't paid attention at all and the one second I tune in, Jill says "the cunts that stink" #igetthreecreditsforthis?
My cat is licking himself bald.
If life throws you lemons, throw them back!
thanks for the mention. I got out of a lecture and had all these followers. It was like Xmas. Hope webinar went well!
This Guy
I don't care... Anything. As long as it's not boring . Haha
Good choice making Aceves the closer for now. Should make him happier about being in the bullpen and he can do a good job there.
Just hit the 300 mark for jobs I've applied to. Any day now, something's gotta give, right?.... um, right?
I do not like twitter from my phone.
is your relationship status really single right now ?
#WW Black #Atlanta radio tweeple: ;-D
:( RT NEWS: The Fountain Square location of has closed. Stay tuned for future plans!
I wonder if they're still sitting down there waiting on MKG?? Lol
What's up everybody?
Hi lady! Long time no see. Hope you are well.
Thanks for checking in today! #TwSIG. Lively discussion in the backchannel, good day all around.
Abortion is the way to go !
OH MY GOSH. matching sweaters for the win right there<33
neither was I.
ok no problem you welcome
agreed - however, you also see entitlement on part of pedestrians, walking into a busy street without looking
#MySexPlaylist How Soon is Now - The Smiths
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap...
damn it well I just have to get rid of you
you get injured a lot :p
Thank you.
Want to change up your workout? Change your location, different scenery can make a huge difference in your mind set.
"All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe (sounds like 'Inception'...)
Need windows / doors replaced in Albuquerque, Rio Rancho, Placitas or Bernalillo-call your Pella Fella-Jeff 505-362-0529. PellaSW.com
I never prescribed to the argument, but is it absurd to question the content of one's character based on their actions?
First time flying since the jetblue incident..I think need a drink or maybe the oxygen bar. Hopefully my pilot is normal..
After I squash this test tomorrow, I think I might offer to give #CourtneytheTA a makeover...seriously
So much to do... So little time!
I'm shitttttty
~ why do u mean by 100k for ? What's up homie?
i wish would dm me ._.
To clarify, I think it's important to recognize male privilege, specifically. But I think how oppression and sexism operate >
Uh, I don't remember, mighta gotten it from Lauren. She told me to follow a bunch of people - mainly hockey people.
Let the success of others motivate you! Your day will come.
Trying to load mp4 video to Edmodo. Why is this so challenging?
wow that sounds awesome!
A girl that stays by my side through anything >>>>
It would be kinda ironic if Lidstrom retires now. Both He and Yzerman would have played their last games w/ loses in the 1st Rd of Playoffs
When annoying bitches randomly sing for compliments.
let me in and ill show you.. where do I sign.
so freakin bored!
Need to spruce up TD Ameritrade Park this year; can we at least bring back the yellow, blue, and red seats from Rosenblatt?
#failed I do not click links if I am NOT following you
She said black men made her horny...I just left
Show NEXT monday....Free! And its an important one...please come support if you can, and hang out with us!
Come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos!!! dont forget to add lots of green salsa!
Thanks. I am going to Jonanesburg, Durban and Cape Town. Got any tips?
I wouldn't mind (: you have such an awesome dad :P
Logic does fail me, because I want the world to be a better place and to see people taking a smaller piece of the pie
yeah, so I looked it up. Still gross
I was about to reply to your tweet but then i thought ' Don't get into another Twitter War' Not today anyway...
Thanks for supplying the great recipes, Neghar! Now I have to buy a new oven and try and find all those crazy ingredients.
Mom’s making fritochilipie. Hey check out this new Nostradamus prophecy, when Gaia offers poison from her cup the pig will die a slow death.
#Boxing Odds: Mayweather is a -800 favorite, up from an opening line of -600. Cotto is +550.
City love: pink wintersky through dusk skyline silhouettes
Lost in LA, a teen novel, includes a Latino brain, a goth queen and a Chinese American athlete supporting a creative girl with ADD & a dream
haha too bad I actually have one of those - see the welcome to wanderfly keynote presentation
Every introductory video showing off an app or web product is a flippin rip-off of Apple. Cue lame happyish piano music and white background
Things I could have poached from pedestrians as I rode my bike to work on Friday: a case of beer, a latte, a cigarette, a small baby.
True! “: Friendship Style by a #Scorpio: A Scorpio friend will always keep it real with you no matter what happens in life.”
Thanks for all the #FF love!
cant wait to go to Madison tomorrow ....
i didn't mean it and u know that
feline pancreatitis...any innovative new treatments? my mom's cat was just Dx :(
The lineup at the Rubicon is crazy today! 10 Sierra Nevada beers + casks galore! You don't want to miss this! Sun, beer and more beer!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 17
#hirefriday Learning & Performance Pro ~ CPLP Candidate ~ Training ~ UCLA Alum ~ Los Angeles ~ Orange County, CA
Hi Martha, as a student and resident I did my trauma rotations at Parkland~Dallas and Harborview~Seattle.
NO I WON'T.
Are you at an Apple store by any chance? /cc
Love can be gifted or earned. The reality is, it takes balls. If you have it, bring it on if not, buzz off.
Thanks! Glad we could participate!
send a pic of the lovely pooch you have and let's find him a great home... Thanks! 🐶
I know that's what I was thinkin
Am I the only person watching that finding bigfoot show? It's not a comedy but it is hilarious.
we have a couple. I don't bother.
If you're gonna start complaining I'm going to stop texting you.
today the early social is at Tavern on the Green and hanging out a Citrine nyc.
CHECK YOUR DMS.
My mom won't let me get this bird :(
Is it really that nice ? -.-
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved. ~ Wizard of Oz
Ok.. #Grammys. Not a big fan of LadyGAGA, esp since her meat costume, but she did a great performance tonight. just less makeup, right?
Steph Curry your 2011 taco bell skills challenge winner #finishitoffdorell!
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
must start work on dreaded eportfolio. prob helpful exercise but like i have time w/ internship, classes, job and job search
Lord forgive me for my sins im just trying to make before my time ends
hopefully if you do take pics :-)
Q&A session begins. Again the theme of learning how to work the political /legal system to your advantage comes up.
It's lunchtime in Vegas, your stomach is rumbling. We think you need to come try out our new All-American burger and fries joint, NOW!
Man the abs is starting to come out aw snaps by next week it's bout to be a wrap lol it's time to transform lol
Cats need love-have you hugged your feline today? Meow!
RT today has been one long exercise in procrastination so far....
How long are orioles going to keep these guys bringing nothing to the table?
funny, we just walked by hotel deville. Cc
I'm hungry for isolation
I am terribly sorry, believe me when I say I never received a tweet from you. I am more than happy to answer any question :)
At Hartigans Pub for the night and I wish you all a fun and safe night. Have a blast!!
Hope you enjoy it!
I really do wish we cn have a friendship lik we had last yr bt datz nt gonna happen =,(
not far enough.
I want to go back to the days of Throwdown and Wheels on
It's National Dog Week!It started in 1928 to increase appreciation for our furry friends.Are you going to celebrate with your best friend?
Thanks boo! :)
Aw thanks! this other paper is never going to go away, it seems. But I can't wait to take a break to read yours!
wow thankyou :) sub to me and ill sub back yeah? inbox me on youtube :)))))
I just put it on my calendar for the last Monday of the month, good reminder for me!
no boubt! Tryna get to Memphis to get some wrk dome with u in Memphis to?
Wats that App yu be using to download mixtapes
if Cleveland fired him under King James; what makes you think LA would keep him longer than a season?
If I get athlete's foot or a plantar's wart from taking my shoes off in the airport, can I sue the terrorists for a forced no-class action?
dude.. coffee it is then x
yu ah senior?
what do u have in there for ps3?
my flt made it 1 hour early to #PHX. Sounds like you had a very different experience on your flights today. :(
Flores brings a new perspective and open ears. Will help kids become strong community members.
any updates?
Indeed. I will let you know if hear anything. I expect the same.
Did you confirm your acc? Go to your email that you used to make the twitter ad you'll have a mail fo confirmation.
OMG that was soo passionate and I like cried a little. I want to come though the computer and hug you! Oh B he really hurt :(
Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives. -Alexandre Dumas
fine them a million bucks and make them sit for a season.
Christmas isn't just a day.. Its a state of mind.
Green Tip: No Streak Window Cleaner; 1 cup white vinegar 2 tablespoons isopropyl alcohol. Pour into spray bottle. Shake well before using.
oh I got it but he just said "this" btw good to know u still cant think of any new jokes. NMA must be proud
so, why don't they use 'em to pay down the debt?
.. thank u so much and please stay connected! =)
Linh Dinh gives a rambling talk, ranging from internet as an illegit replacemnt for local commun to commun as inward-turning fragmentation.
Oh my!!! You should blog about that. Where was he? What's he wearing, etc. Details please?
Took the past hour to buy one thing with my rewards zone certificate
how are you??
Me: I want to do a coming of age ceremony like african vs quince.. M: ur not african... Me: For my final presentation -__-
hi Danny I'm guest tweeter for today. This is so awesome. Wanna guess who I am? Got plans for April 14th?
Getting ready for our tour!
no silly on your phone
any US tour plans that are making a stop in Minneapolis this summer? :)
All right, the videos have finished uploading. Here come the links... /te
You had me at "Dog House."
bah. time for May theatre-going panic attack.
/// Who would like to see Denver win tonight? I would...
Barrack Obama is a genius. Now he'll get all the gays to vote for hin instead of that sympathizing Morman.
But the great philosopher Socrates once said "Without drunk tweeting, life becomes so empty."
Almost! The retreat starts this afternoon.
Dude is faster than you would think.
If I get sick right before finals there will be strict friendship demerits issued. And I hope you feel better.
#clioF11: you should be forever asking: where's the grid?
"Tonight we our young, so let's set the world on fire we can burn brighter than the sun."
have fun! Touch those sexy wanted boys for me!
I can handle any truth if it's presented in a timely manner.
I want to go home. Sick of everyone
Backstreet Boys just came on in Lowes. What?
Research has consistently shown exercise and healthy eating to be most efficient and healthful way to control your weight.
compares his basketball movie to Color of Money.
The stump by Chris's fence next to Bob's driveway.
R.I.P Nick. I loved you so much. You were my best friend. So many memories. I will miss you so badly, every single day. Keep smiling :')
Hoping to find a small table, some chairs, planters, and a rug.
My blood pressure is 100/60. The doctor says that's a little low.
Great stuff happening in Chicago.
"You go girl!" Actual quote tonight, Eleanor Clift to John McLaughlin.
having trouble waiting for Fall term to start. I'm ready to be done with my undergrad. Three more terms!
If you really believe in what's important, the risk and sacrifice is worth it.
Lexington Plastic Surgeons is proud to sponsor the Harlem Little League and congratulates them for winning the championship.
Thank you thank you THANK YOU! for writing this. RT'ing now
I wonder how long it would take a giraffe to throw up.
won't have to wait long...tomorrow
Working on some custom #StarWars themed guitar skins!
Thanks guys! Awesome adrenaline rush going here!
There are more plastic flamingos in this world than there are real ones.
Just woke upp...?
Sometimes you miss only one person but it feels like the whole world is empty...
Beat the Easter Bunny Run 5k @ Seward Park - beautiful morning for a run and a gr8 cause!!!
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. -Chinese Proverb
So hard to focus on such a beautiful day. Can't wait for #familydinner with in the backyard!
then make it beer for lunch, also!
A beast tonight. Respect RT : Good sportsmanship by Royce White. That kid can flat out play. Wish he was in a Kentucky uniform.
Thank you! I dig your work as well. Where do you teach?
They're roughly contemporary! But there's not much connection.
Well we will see you guys at the finish line! good luck
Sorry , well if youre not keith then u must be mouth...right?
Bored can't sleep not going to school tomorrow because of the party so there's a plus :D
RT : Find old film of Patrick Ewing RT I thought I sweat a lot until I saw Dexter Manley on REAL Sports.
I hate the winter
btw, Heather and Miles were amazing AGAIN last night at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre - Los Angeles!!!
. thanks for pressing the happy button! We'd love to follow up with you about it. We'll be tweeting updates.
I dont think I was stoned enough to understand the artist
Please, Derrick, don't hurt 'em!
Only when he dies will a few non-art followers remember his name.
lm listeninig to the break up song right now! Its tight!!
I like you because we both hate the same people.
got my appendix removed. It sucked, but I'm good now. Just sore. How's the studio?
Damn lowkey i thought wiz was falling off but this nigga mixtape heat
Happy Weekend darlings! : Happy Aloha Friday!
im considering ... 3 outta 10 who!
She's on Logan..
WOW! what a shot by chandler parsons!
You're brave!
Happy Valentine's Day, Microfilm Lovers!
hm, that sounds legit as hell! when u want me to come?!?!
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important
Just studied Genesis 12.1-20 wit kids, then we acted it out... Good times
#getoverit rocked the #TEDActive stage with her limitless living. Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder!
My condolances goes out to the family of famed hairstylist, Vidal Sasoon, who I've learned of his death earlier today.
hey what the word on the bus
Being sick while in my favorite US city (Miami) sucks. I've taken 3 hot showers to help clear my sinuses today. Can anyone say prune?
Thank you for tweeting on my behalf last night. You really did me justice
I already knew this, but this past weekend really showed how great my family is and how awesome my friends really are, thank you so much ...
That can be arranged
ORLANDO vs STEAK - We are just hours away from the biggest eating showdown Orlando has ever seen! Free BBQ dinner for all vets & military!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!42
Why am I still up? ....oh yeah
I was so busy at our booth today that I was only able to consume 3 Chips Ahoy! cookies all day today.
if you type in all caps I'm not following you back -_-
yeah me too
true but I would be shocked if the Cubs really made a playoff run next year.
Best of luck bud, be sure to check out my new post on Checkered Socks! Take care.
Devery Henderson a solid fantasy football pick up this week to the loss of colston for 4 weeks and lance moore still injured! atleast 15 pts
Great thing about new office is that I can walk across the street to sonic.
We've added some new products and our new Specialty Blends to our website! Check us out at www.bathandbodybistro.com
You might also want to take a look at this month's Vanity Fair where they talk about the rise and fall of celebrity
whoa. alta vista is still around?
Yay my softball team won
oh sorry I missed you Sonny! I'm at a photo shoot today! I'm adding photographer to my resume...lol
I don't trust no one
Mad props to Philly fucking shit up at Chicago 👍👏
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream- Van Gogh
Will do. sproutsocial is winning with the ease of use at the moment.
San Onofre Shutdown Could Trigger Power Outages During Heat Wave CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE (AP) — It will take more than the flip of a switc
RT Oh Lord! Here we go ha ham : Looking fwd to spending more time with a special someone 😍
aw thanks hun!
Gotta try you guys out. RT : That's the #Flyfever!: : I can't believe that I love
We're about to find out if Coffee > Allergies & Swollen Eyes. Experiment in progress.
#RIP Elizabeth Taylor sorry to hear of death from heart failure. There are whole food nutrients that can heal heart failure
dude! My toes are purple! Haha
neat, it's certaninly an awesome day outside for it.
Evangelical neighbors: Why is your "worship music" so bad?
There's this, maybe a delay. Just wanted to check. RT : Embed button appears on vids that are a couple days old.
do it": This dude should be arrested for giving people these set up ass crooked tattoos lls. I would Twitpic them
Stay tuned... don't you think he'll want to defend his #LadyHero title?
Heat already have 8 turnovers
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent - Eleanor Roosevelt
Well designed play. TD #Eagles 7-0 over the Cowboys
It takes time, & I think people don't realize it takes a whole lot of money to be accessible. Will people even ask?" - Joffe
“: Send us your comments on whether you think the Packers should rest or start there starters this weekend”( Pack should rest THEIRs )
Happy Veterans day from Spa ME. Our Veterans are so special!
What did you say to the policeman who spent eight hours on the Internet?Oh give it arrest.
Congratulations! :-D
Since Shelby lives down the street from me, I should TP her house before I leave..
Capitalize please.
"Walk it off."
Weekend sports calendar
Thanks, guys.
Has twitter helped your business grow and helped you find new customers? Let us know and you could be featured in the next CRA newsletter.
Follow the globetrotters!
Anyone know where to get cool gifts for designers?
I'll buy ya a greasy Bacon cheeseburger and a beer for all your effort. Thanks pal.
Based on SS's and table dynamics I will 60% EP limp trap AA or KK looking to induce raise and either back raise or cold 3 and re-evaluate
": Why?? :(("Cuz i fuckin hate you and my boyfriend is literaly half demon
tossing coupons like frisbees $15 off the swim system "JuliusCAESEAR" www.h2ofriendly.com
that's how "real" Mothers do! :)
If you have something to say, say it. Never hold back or hesitate
hey this might be for FontSquirrel, but i cant get WOFF fonts generated by icomoon to work in chrome/Safari mobile. other types ok
- AJ looking to go 4-0! We just have to make sure his personal calendar always says APRIL!
Lets get this second half started.
Taylor Swift said yes💍
I still love the some devil cd. Always has and always will be my fab.
64 Days till SPENCER
#ninelives the fight at the peir when Chloe was trying to save Vanessa
I need food
so presumptuous to think humans = animals. We only know this through the Bloodhound Gang. Before that song it was all mystery
No one said you were
follow back plzzzz
you have us;) we love you
No GM yet, at least that I know of!
my thoughts may change later on, im only half way through
Gettin sleepy but can't fall asleep till this phone call
“Impatience never commanded success.”
i am getting a little worried. we a re not attacking.
Used to move to snowflakes by the oz
tests you have to take in New York, they're like finals but 10x harder -___-
I'm @ #NCAA women's match: MD vs. USNA. Pretty fun to watch.
Great book club discussion of The Paris Wife tonight. Next up: Little Bee by And yes, I'm in 3 (count 'em) 3 book clubs.
oh Bloobmerg terminal support, how i love thee.
