Ha! I keep thinking it's Wednesday today, and freaking out. I haven't even started my schedule yet...
The swell guys in were one of the nice discoveries I made at #SXSW. Check them out.
Excited to be helping out at #nehvectors next week. Looking forward to meeting everyone!
Omg I just can't stand him he makes me sick
Last year, shocker. This year, statement.
Take that! Player....
Thanks hector!
Summer is so close.
Well, unless you signed anything with the word "indemnify" in it...
Get rid of that one follower that shouldnt be in your list of followers..............RIGHT NOW!
Heyy- Can You Promo Me (=
Jordis great job tonight! Was just watching some old "Rock Star" videos on you tube. I know you will do great on the live show!
we're here and proud as hell!!!
not touring just yet. but we will be east coast touring first :)
seen you at kcA your cool :O
Ready to party tonight! Specials for twitter friends on drinks and bottle service! Just Tweet us back 
#whathurtsthemost is being so close to what I want, and losing it.
about to jailbreak my ipod :O scared
Oh my. That's my idea of a nightmare!
your presentation at #ignitedc tonight was inspiring! I'll be sure to follow
Anyone on Pinterest yet...just seems like advertisement on crack...
Hi I love you <3
Good luck chick!
Hey #Seattle, who's sporting a sunburn today and who's planning to work on one this afternoon? :)
you ain't never lie about that.
i been had my shit so i ain't tryna be like nobody but myself but i feel u
introducing #kohails team. " will be doc mgr until she dies, I think."
Did u watch same game & what Nova fans are cheering RM? RT : I stand w/Villanova fans & cheer Robert Morris for unreal OT classic
"I checked , it's fingertip length!" "I don't even gotta check , why? Cause mine is floor length! "
Today, I shall be known as OneWhoDoesLaundry.
you Da Man!
I know exactly what you need. I'm not the one to give it to you tho..
RT : Wavefront Groupon is live! $47 bucks for a weekend pass. Justin and I just grabbed ours. Cc.
Who will be t he number one draft pick in the NFL You Must be Able to pick three
happy birthday!!! :D
It was wonderful meeting you yesterday at #bkdiyba. Please send my love out to Portand, OR & the wonderful west coast Brittany
For valentines day, I want to give you a very special gift! Know what it is? It's a baby!
Why does turning 20 feel like turning 17? Lol
it's an amazing way to connect with past clients and offer amazing value... Thx again 4 the shout!
5 out of the other 8 at my table r wearing sunglasses
Damn k muny i Wish i could have gotten a pic sesh w you !LoL #goodd seeing you
interested. If I can!
Can't wait to hear what is going to say tonight
Last night, the adorable cat I'm living with tried to sleep by my face.
And that did a large part in what transpired at the end
Benson is extremely protective of brands - one of the very first things he'll do is sever all Hornets/Morris Bart ties
absolutely. Best Monday nights ever.
#papajohns best pizza
Try not to injure him anymore!
looks good!! steelers tailgating season is soon!!
50% sold out? Going all #wwdc on us, eh?
Missed out on ? #Run instead. Great course, good support, & you don't have to train during the hot summer.
The most adorable puppy ever just followed me home:) But I took him back and ran off. He came back:)
seeing fruits at scoot inn!!!
laying would
Its not that bad i bet ppl wud get pissed if we started singing boyfriend gotta appreciate all music :)
Opinion amazingly seconded : Damn, Paul's Boutique is great.
good night to my amazing followers (: ~ always remember that you are beautiful <3
Have a terrible headache & my legs aches.
Thx - Happy hunting on the last day of deer season in MD! Please do this again (we missed the start). God Bless America.
It takes a couple weeks to sort through the applications.
I know!! I've never wanted a cop to show up and catch someone more in my life!
Breakfast Burger and Coffee. Start the month off RIGHT!
This week and I will be recording about films that are better than the books/short stories they are based on. Any suggestions?
What the hail!
the fact that i'm missing on sunday is killing me #universalknights will have to be a suitable substitute, i suppose
RT : We’re in super planning mode for summer events. If there is something you’d like to see at Ride the Drive, let us know!
BREAKING NEWS: CBS News Projects Mitt Romney winner in Wisconsin.
So excited to see in today!!
Happy Birthday today to Johnny Unitas one of the All-Time greats and member of the
and I did for brunch last week. Crazy fun kid. I skipped Drag Queen bingo last night though.
"Beown-ji," she'd say, "Beown-ji, the client asked for gleow-sy buttons but that seems so weyobe two-point-eoh-oh-oh."
Thanks for sharing the Post deal!
No problem! Thank you for having me and being so awesome!
That just made my day. Thank you!
I'LL CUDDLE YOU.
RT : Sucks the defense is doing amazing and the offense has disappeared
lmao. Listen, I'm just curious! Lol
Changes in entertainment & media industries have given us a close look at the unacceptable costs of being divided. Vote YES for
this is a new skill. I think the onesie helps tho according to dad the skeleton on it is incorrect.
are you going collab with one day
The new int'l service chair is Jordan Weissman! His passion is solar energy and renewables. Expect more int'l projects in that area.
STOP! I love you ;*
i would expect 4 corn meal, salt, somekind of oil-and lots of it- but probably a dozen or more
Shaun, I didn't go to Richmond today as I had a long-scheduled family-friends dinner. I assume it went well and POTUS dis great!
Thanks for the #WW and #FF mentions
But you commented it as you went along, right? Right??
possibly moving in June, I hope you are as good as (their bootcamp is out of this world--so yes I have high standards :)
thanks for the follow, darlin'! What organizations are you working with? I'm always up for a good cause! :-)
Support from you guys is massive, both personally for me and for the bigger group. <3 <3
excellent tast in men and music
i still love you
My least favorites college basketball teams... Puke and Mountain State.
yes I've missed my amykins very much! :p
I hope IU is worse ...make sure to take a shit ton of shots to forget about how bad I beat your ass on the pool table
so mad at myself
Friday 13 tattoo input: Hello Kitty, flowers, or rabbit's foot?
Street performes on w 48th= awesome
I have to say I completely disagree about the Crispin. It's delicious!! Perhaps you had a bad batch.
RT : Presenting at #INN12 on Monday at 3:45 about #flippedclassroom and #OER including the great resources and data
Happy Mother's Day and Happy 70th Birthday to my Amazing Mom!
"Ina Out"... headline tomorrow
6ra mann mi phone is so stupid on twitter it goes to slo!
I got an iPod and suddenly have the urge to do what has annoyed me most in college. Play words w friends with me. CMHupp.
Hello heated blanket
I thought you said, "Did you buy Catherine vagisil?" XD I love the things I hear you say.
Christian leaders w/ good hearts 4 God are psychologically & socially persecuted by people who project their church resentments @ them.
Anyone have experience running Ralph Millers system?
Amazing project: visualizing emancipation. Get a feel of events they have mapped by following their tweets
damn..check dm
Let me know that I do not have a car lol
Thanks for the support! Hope to see you out here!
RT Big news! is celebrating his 1st night back in Boston Fridays w/
How does it taste?
oh that one's full of pretty...thanks!
I guess
Big win for #KINGS 1-0 series
Members Card Clippers/Grizzlies over 184.5 (25 units)
You're too good for any reality TV "star." Just sayin'.
Thanks for the RT!
Jus left the resort now back at the palace
well Idk yet the hair dye is still it but I like the color
Watching MTV jams
what time u get off
Sometimes you CAN have it all. Contemplate Mintz while chomping on a pizza pocket.
Don't ever have 67866 followers & you're only following 72 -____-
- Ok, someone else whose opinion I respect. :)
Today is create your own soup day in the cafeteria for lunch. Gonna check it out
Good morning tweets! Great time at Harah's last night. Hope you all have a great week-end!
Look for the sun in Sunday and bask in both the earthly rays of divine rays of light available to all people on this lovely earth plane.
Definitely NOT what I want and I don't find a list of antiquated stereotypes funny
full tub of stokers
Never enough Primus.
I just got my tack check #$$ but in the meantime I'm in need for another job. looking to see what the sunday star has to offer.
Afternoon field session is under way! Eric of the Mission Nombre de Dios offers a brief history of this cemetery.
Goodnight Peyton (: Can you pray for me cause its storming really bad at my house cause of Irene ;/
getting pumped for a 7-5 season!
Lol family guy is funny.
RT RT if you played "House" when u were a kid lol
it was a non-profit - I'll have home email you ...
Haha, no problem:D
Wait, cow or bat?
that's awesome! I thought it was only a special! You just made my week!
Lots of sparkles and bold colors on the ladies at the
learning about photonic signal processing @ the international microwave symposium..think i can count the # of women i've seen here on 1 hand
Really starting to think Google is opening a can of worms with this Overstock thing.
In short, I agree…in part. Do you know anything about Montgomery County, MD's evaluation system? That's a great model.
Didn't realize door was unlocked & some guy by chance walks into the wrong apt while I'm in my boxers...how would you react?
Am I drunk already? Maybe! Lol
The day your doing good on the mound is the day your infield/outfield does bad....
Feathered February: T-Minus 9 Days until #SQUAWK!
#MakeItPlatinum All the drunks... SPEAK!!
This traffic to keeneland is miserable!
MVP is dedicated to perfecting the art of personalized service and accommodating guest at multiple Casino Resort Hotels
it was fun :)
lawd hammercy I just seen this broads pic........imma hold my tongue on this one cause there is so much to be said..
Gorgeous morning to be painting at Sasha Bruce in #NE for #Servathon 2012!
Thank you! RT : At United Way shooting campaign with Josh Cribbs at Super Bowl.
one step closer with our Reagan Library field trip! :)
that's cool haha yep go Caps! 1-0 so far :D Tampa Bay kicked some ass with the Pens lol
it's not even my birthday ((:
I need to go tanning ASAP! ☀👙
OH,beleive me, it's in the works! I miss every1 also! waiting 2 get final word but thinking around 4th of july. Stay tuned! xo
Would you believe my phone did not know the word "kabuki"?
maybe its better that way
To paraphrase Michael Bolton: How am I supposed to live without you, stadium? Now that I've been covering you so long?
#follow that should have said "Who is addicted to ?" Not "Whi".
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now, I'll never let another dick bring me down in a relationship, save it bitch.
I'm starting to see homes advertised on here and FB with text marketing.
Well said + so true! “: Realistic dreams: Boring.”
According to Michael Schwimer, Phils are calling up Jake Diekman, Raul Valdes and Hector Luna. -- Jim Salisbury ()
EOC english 9.test was 52 problems long nd now I am sleepy
Yes it all depends on how the m&g is set up
LMFAO beyond scared straight though?? What the fuck we're too old hahahhaha
Some very cool companies at #tsdday but its hard to compete with puppies, babies or adorable robots.
Tim Tebow traded to New York Jets; Broncos get 2 draft picks, NFL source says -
interesting & needed
One can leverage the online power to browse the website and find out the authentic printer cartridges provider
buttsores or not .... Your show is worth watching !!!
Return of the summer visitors - Donside Piper and Herald
this is when the middle finger emoji would be useful... ✌-☝= 😊
My amaryllis are in full bloom. They are gorgeous and they make my heart smile...
I'm wide awake, yo
Denver! Get your tickets to the return of BLB show at the Gothic Feb 26th! 16+, tix R $8 from us $10 at the door. Free CD with purchase!! RT
Boring Friday. Just want something to do.
Grand Lodge has the Children's Cottage available on 7.21.12 for your next event - connect with a Coordinator at 503.992.9530 today!
Do English Comp and TV 1 look like Cs but Radio and Wellness look Ds even an F for Wellness
yes edith you are!
Thanks 4 all the great pics/videos & reviews that are rolling in! All of you made possible and we look forward 2 doing it again!
PaTiEnTLy waiting 4 the weEkeNd to CoMe...! "oO0oOhHh u jUsT dOn't kN0w...!" lol
Practice today..... Gahsjdjdjs
later tonight I gotta get the insurance cleared
Hear hear!
have fun and travel safely! happy new year!
RT Have A Good Day At Work Greedy >lol I just got a eating habbit lol
hmm well there's wtk, atl, you me at six, mayday parade, of mice and men to name a few haha. you?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #nonprofit because I saw it on twitter.
My ipod is on shuffle...be prepared for tweets of random song lyrics lmao -izzy
Very successful discussion for how to get DH Certificate program off ground heading into the Fall.
's #incognito2012 is happening -- monsoon or shine; Wear Wellies on your feet for outside. It's warm and art-filled inside!
cool, have a good one
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
At Plan B for DJ QUAKES birthday bash! $1 Margaritas ALL NIGHT! 8123 Broadway! Lets Go!
2 very awesome bands!
oops thought Wangle a positive. Just wanted 2 keep getting wrd out about 100th year gala 4
Silver Stars star season 2-0 with 93-62 road victory over Tulsa Shock.
The thin mint blast is still here and it's still delicious. Stop by and enjoy one before they're gone!
awesome to hear that. Keep that upbeat attitude.
dustin got like that at the resturant too. I'll have to come in sometime & have u make me some pumpkin coffee, it's so good!
This pic was taken at Absinthe and I loved the hell out of it! Also really enjoy Alembic and Oola.
...In spite of that, I still respect the man's work.
The pastry chef I was dating is moving back home. Perfect timing since I'll be going out tonight, horrible because no more awesome food :(
I hear that all the time but what is that ?
Bristol Palin must understand love when 2 people love each other it should not matter about if they r the same Sex.
NYC #actors if you don't already follow He casts L&O:SVU and gives out valuable info on his stream. Even Q&A when he has time.
I'm bringing Fernet and Ginger
Thx for the mention, it was a great event! RT : live tweeting today's #csuite conversation with Peter Bernard NOW!
Thank you #Team24Infinity You got us to 400!!!
Come check us out today in forest! Opening available today:) 525.1105
Finally someone recognizes knows my true title, "hardest workin' man." :) I appreciate the
Afternoon Break Question: Last food that you ate?
OU....oh yeah
*starts playing, "A Moment Like This," by Kelly Clarkson.*
Love my curls, but sometimes it is awesome getting my hair blown out straight by a professional.
Never heard a song so many times in 1 day
Did you know? According to NIH, 66% of US adult are overweight. I am looking for follower that want to learn about healthy weight loss!
It's finally Friday! Any cool events going on in Orlando??? Let us know and we'll shout it out!
New menus unveiled at all three Hudson Grille's... We've added pretzels, brats, burritos and much more. Come check it out for yourself!
Listening to everydays halloween....
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 9
RT : The hard roads are worth walking, every now and then. [...]
All packed and ready for Denver!
Lundqvist is a beast!
RT : Perhaps social media is punishment for having supported Technotronic.
do it!
Pleased the Senate confirmed Gregg Costa and David Guaderrama as fed judges. While process took too long this vote marks modest progress.
Need Extras for Sunday Shoot. Please message Liana Afuni if available. Shooting commences at 2pm
Oh snap its fat Tuesday!
Amy's call
Portland Trailblazers Ray Charles said it all....... Yes, just you be strong And it will be all right. In the HEAT OF THE NIGHT.
Just got to Pittsburg. Any suggestions of things to eat or do in downtown Pittsburg?
What a great surprise!
I kinda got a stomach ache right now soo brb twitter :-/
This is why I work saturdays.. But I love them, and we are very blessed. God is in control, with trust he always helps us.
With different experiences come different opinions. Change up your routines, your rituals, & default reactions to stimuli to see w/new eyes.
nothing much home girl
Old men talkin' about guns, demmycrats...
You fucking with niggas who insecure, water down my shit is PURE!
Finally made it to our hotel in Madison. Sitting down for some good ol' Cracker Barrel, which makes the whole day worth it!
re. think like a man like doris day film " I JUST said it was like Sandra Dee's If A Man Answers!
i cant help but wonder the natural progression of the ranking algoryrithm used in my lotto app is a word counter, is it a derivitve?
So I see all my friends with android are jumping onto
Just watched a good high school playoff game between a Florida commit and Texas commit. Now getting home to watch UK vs MSU bball
RT : Czarshaw but at least you can laugh at their burned away pants. // Tweet. Of. The day.
welcome to Washington, D.C. Keep up the important work of letting Members of Congress know that funding the Arts is vital.
get up to 88 mph and fly. Unless you don't have a flux capacitor.
Kelis was trife though for not telling NAS she was going into labor. He ended up making it to the hospital after their child was born.
I'm sitting on a yoga ball for the first time. This thing was definitely invented for something other than yoga
Merry Christmas to everyone in the Phillipines! Have a wonderful Noche Buena! God bless!
Does the military need to know I send my Mom lolcat pictures? #CongressTMI Stop
be careful locking to signs. thieves can unbolt them. more of a worry overnight..or with a very $$ bike during the day
Glad 2 have you on board! RT Looking fwd to being part of the trading card NFL draft set..time to start signing!
Using Prezi - cool!
If I was a ghost, I would open the door while people are masturbating
Ain't nothing like living by yourself enjoying your own space
can you tell NBC to bring back Fear Factor.Either re-runs or new host.All I know is I miss the hell out of that show.
victor thinks that Gabe was a drug addict and that's why he was at the shelter. Your avi is so homeless looking.
Thanks for the tweet & entering my giveaway!
I don't know why i am always sick?! Grrrrrrrrrr...!!!
so you wanted a sprained ankle?
I can do that! Look how much you have accomplished already! You're going to be having a conversation at ALA! Your cats are cute!
Congrats to new Athletic Director and leader
Many thanks for including me on your #FF lists today >
Sounds like the neighbors are having a dogfight-- still can hear the waves .. That was a a haiku--:)
I'm just ready to go to bed!
LETS PLAY BIG BANK TAKE LIL BANK AND SEE WHO WIN! AND DEN GO GET WHO EVER U THINK GOT MORE THAN ME AND IM GONE STILL WIN
Political and economic risks are increasing in global commerce.
You can count on us to spread the word about ABFM changes, too!
sweet goodluck (: keep it up (: sexy Beaner (: DM me the number (:
Roasting marshmallows with my love :)) yummy s'mores!! :))
I just finished my first meal of the day at 9:17pm... I need a Sir Mikol clone...
I don't have the body of work to be #4 just yet.
Darn! Got kicked out of solid gold already
Night Twitter land!!!
need a pillow ?!!
LOL @ these poor lookin teenagers who say their #FavoriteClothingBrand is Louis Vuitton. We all know your shit is fake.
#nowplaying Dire Straights - Money For Nothin'
So I've been sitting on my dad's tailgate for like 15 minutes & there's a huge bruise on my leg from it. Awesome.
welcome man! :D
k. have some things to do before I turn in for the night. G'nite T. | & LY both :)
RT : Some people waste their energy texting on twitter.......... the stuff I be reading just don"t make sense.....
hahahaaha omg u big weirdo!
I love walking home along 42nd Street.
Is that your argument? "Yeah OK"? You're really quite a genius.
Soledad should do Black Church In America, Next.
My sister just got a plate with watermelon, strawberries ........... And salami ? Hahaha
Do not visit the Empire State building at 16, 17 and 18. It will be reserved, but you can still get the chance to appear on the film. How?!
#Mariners pump up playlist: Double Vision Who let the dogs out Lose my cool Louie Louie Smoke on the water Simple man- DA's walkup track
Original content is better! (already tired of hearing about WDYTYA...)
"Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid, Plush out my Bitch, make your bitch look like Precious" #NP Mercy - Kanye
Lonely as hell in the 2-1-4 tonight. come home fellas
MATT STAFFORD SHOULD BE IN THE PRO BOWL THIS IS HORSESHIT
Mobile rich media achieves 2.5 times higher interaction than standard banners. www.zesmo.com
must be spelling it wrong
RT : Dirtbike kids are killing it on North Ave now.
Winds from the North: Tewa Origins and Historical Anthropology by Scott G. Ortman F'08 now available from the University of Utah Press.
Come learn how to lose up to 2 pounds a day at 421 Astair inside the Hampton Inn, henderson, NV - We have a booth there! www.lasvegashcg.com
Haha - I'm fantastic. But, I can't miss you if I don't even know you! x)
Thank you for bringing me that drink today, I thought I was dying of thirst!
K then
Tom is right. I hate you and your lucky picks, Mahoney.
in my dreams....like always...lol!
Thank you ! It is cuz you make it look good too!! RT : Diggin' the site update!
well because NYC rocks
My best friend is convinced that a demon is following her..
Fair point, but it feels icky to see talk about bounties when Seau is dead, maybe at least a mention theyre trying to confirm
thanks for the doggie water station at #GypsyPicnic You made the dogs and their owner/handlers very happy.
Quigley down under fags
don't go home w that dude that you've known for about 15 years. Lmao
if you ever looked at the scores of the mini games, my friends brother was webkinz world. He hacked webkinz hahaha
Mad at him so I changed my avi lol
GET BACK JACK!!!
hahaha he still deems you acceptable, so I guess I do too.
Currently Mixing and Bouncing Audio for the Rock House Keyboard Chord Book.
Lets put the past behind us && go far away where nobody can find us
We Are TIVO'ing it in the Valley.
Making some last minute changes to my designing motion workshop for tomorrow. My class is twice the size I was expecting! excitingscaryfun!
will you think about marrying me? ; )
I feel so dirty when I order Whoopie pies from Starbucks
good i need to kickass now (1 hour later) let me in hugo and you stupid hick i am in the texas killing fields i been her 500 daysofs
I am sure a billion people already answered this but Freeway..I wish Reese would do something that great again :(
You know you talk to one person a lot when over half of your inbox belongs to their number.
You really need to stop spamming people - that just annoys them.
“: Sumbody not annoying match it up”// let's!
I never left---the Interim VP (with my one vote-Love it) gets a break here and there....
The Center has a dome ceiling above a beautiful reception area, the perfect spot for a cocktail hour to kick off your event!
on friday
...And that's why fat chicks are whores, and cougars are easy.
Nate I heard the news!!! Owensboro isn't ready for big Nate Dogg
“: Holy Crap! There are 1,999 of you who follow me and apparently enjoy it.” Define enjoy!
Why do teams try n take out ???
oh very interesting !
I <3 Basketball
In #QNT550 class this week, we use the American Community Survey to look at KY population, education, income. It's important!
and who sales weed at 7 in the morn
Thanks for the feedback on my scene. Sorry it was so late when I finally figured out how to send it :)
The sun is finally out and it's just in time for opening day at Fenway!
You always did look the best in Green and Gold IMO
"This is the best day of summer so far!!!" "Its also the first day of summer..." hahaha
thanks for the shout homies
This night has been fucking weird.
Our little teammate Colin has a graduation show tonight It's time for him to get a diploma.
Heard a new phrase attached 2 sexual orientation: "ex-gay?" Huh?! Gonna have 2 Google this NARTH organization... Think that's what he said
A discussion list or a e-mail marketing type list? Google Groups & Mailchimp are my votes respectively.
Wasn't able to see extreme rules tonight but I'd bet it be awesome!
Hoping the DOW drops tomorrow so I can STOCK up again...But hurray for unrealized gains today!!
I'm not driving or I would!! I missed you too!!!!!
off top
I will wake up from my dreams..go to work..finish school..do crime scene..and be strong and alone if I must..
i think you gotta follow me so I can reply, thanks
I love soft pretzels!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! hereandnowtheatrecompany.com
#replacebandnameswithorgasm. AC/Orgasm
a little different from mocha cafe conversations
Montero Defines Large Mineralized Zone at the Nyati Target, Wigu Hill Rare Earth Project, Tanzania
Ok I guess u not gonna show up....to Ur own show
That's more like it.
I don't back up. But I might be open to duets.
Congrats to Paul Konerko who gets to head to his home town for the all star game
Watching the old show Friends, it rocks man.
Fuck yeah!!!!! Lol RT no doubt see u there!
Over Time
hahah I was proud of myself for that one
Leavin from fishn all sunfish but no trout
Love the number of Doctor Who references at the museums conference today.
La Cumbre is my FAV beer in NM! This is great news!
I found a good boy. He gave me the world. But he left me crying with my heart in the dirt.</3
should be ready soon
JR Smith looks like he got down syndrome .
Bob: You need fluids. Here. Bill: Is beer a fluid? Bob: Of course it is. What about all that wet stuff in it? Bill: I thought that was beer?
RDA, semantic web, and catalogers. Do you plan to retire from your #library before RDA vocab is implemented?
I'm working :(
well duh
"You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body." - C.S. Lewis
Almost done with my application to FSU for my MLIS. On my way to becoming a librarian. Yay!!
I guess u might have missed his twitter meltdown hahaa
loving the song read my mind by now playing
House has given preliminary approval to maintenance of effort legislation and is on tax increase bill.
Sorry, fans! Anna should be arriving shortly! Thanks for your patience!
A steal at only $55, the Luxe pedicure is truly one of the best ways to spend your afternoon.
Good season guys
thanks :) ill see you son!
Also, tweeting now because another tradition at the Masters, is to not let you have a cellphone anywhere
Hi Thanks for the FOLLOW :)
I think a lot of people would disagree with both of those statements. :)
Catchy title!!! Certainly makes one stop and think.
RT:“ Arguments in a relationship show that someone "cares" about you.”
Cheers! RT : Hey tweepers thanks for the FFs been out all day have a good weekend
If gays get married, who will answer the taps of a republican US Senator in an airport bathroom? Don't make him widen his stance any more!
I lost my teddy bear can i snuggle with u instead
Matt Goukas on the Orlando broadcast " Jodie Meeks is the worst defender in the league" Ex coach
miss my Cuzzo so much
In talks with Las Vegas casinos and producers to have a regular show in Vegas...
Heads up! We now close at 9:00 PM every day except Sunday (8:30.)
I just yelled at some lady feeding the birds next to the line for posters. Haha. I don't want birds shitting on the line.
: Take The Dream Team + Hakeem out the equation, and MJ's league could not hold up in Kobe's era - #NBA MJ, Iverson, LeBron
YOU KNOW IT!
all your fault
Bachelorette was great tonight! Love Emily (: can't wait till the rest of the season!
Its time to make money.....not make lies!!!!!!
#PinkTip Go through your list of twitter followers. You may have great leads within your reach.
Find the stations in your area that air Rush. Let them and their advertisers know what you think of racism/misogny/lies/libel...
you been hot lame...so stop acting...
Office loo brought judge idea
now that sounds fantastic!
A church member needs help moving tomorrow at 3pm! Email if you can help!
Don't wait until you're older to start fighting acid. Even though the effects can be seen later, acid build up can start an early age.
How long should a battle take in a 50,000 word novel?
#TGIF must be so happy this hell week is over!
What is everyone up to for St. Paddy's Day today? #iwanttoknow I want to live vicariously through each and every one of my followers.
FEMME FATALE is still trending? Oh my god, your faves could never.
is rosie perez nominated this year? RT
I don't know how NBA players can focus during commercial breaks. These dancers are giving me a headache and I'm not even on the court
So excited for #TopChef to cap off our
Nothing2DoInABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hate missing you...
Been there all week. RT : my morning alarm will be going off in less than 5 hours. just thought you all should know.
i need you. an amazing Pop singer. Wrote her own song called Once Upon a Misery. It will be up in awhile
Pour me something tall and strong make it a hurricane before I go insane it's only half past 12 but it's 5 o'clock somewhere
Wishing someone would see or hear or pick up ur broken pieces, give u a new life or new heart
Whose got the MUNCHIES?? call us! 765-209-4070
God im bored
OUTFIT, WHAT!? RT #outfit nine to five! we did the damn thing!
Im here but not the hotel
At the Red Rocks for the #Chicago concert and we have a confirmed Coach Karl sighting!
Most people dont! RT : Just realized I didn't have you on my read list. Probably explains a lot.
“: pulling a Robby Ross today.. The #Rangers are wearing blueI will be in white. 😁” 2nd day in a row.
Me 2. Reading fast! RT : I may be quiet right now, but that is b/c I am reading and learning great info on
I won the internet
Im so board but havin fun iguess with my mom :p
ok but whats your name
There ya go Obizzle! Proud to call you my commander-in-awesome!!
haha i will. i'll be by the pool all day if you wanna come over
Dont be a drag just be a queen
I think i may have to be big about telling evanna lynch i saw a strawberry flavored bananna.However i think she will just say i told you so.
I don't know if I can either! Regardless, you'll be missed :(
ha lol i dont have ur number but its ok!:)
Having a sad day or bad day watch stand ups! I guarantee you will feel better!!
Follow Me Please!? 58
I don't know how you do what you do.
I saw that guy the other day! Crazy
Hey. Your pet pees where he shouldn't because you don't let him have sex.
You can't get life in jail in the state of New Jersey if you're worth more than $20million.
Well enough! Some gorgeous weather doesn't hurt. Are you still in Seattle?
Thank You, Albuquerque!!!
i gotcha
If you've read and finished #JulietAnUnPopular, give your feedback and review it on Amazon & Barnes and Noble.
Yes & No Problem
I look so cute today. (: but when I talk I sound like a man because I'm sick. Therefore that makes my cuteness goes down.
I found the lemon juice!
Don't miss us tomorrow night at TRiP!TRiP Santa Monica2101 Lincoln Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90405THURSDAY, MARCH 158PM
Dark Shadows and The Avengers are bad Movies save for DVD, The Bob Marly Documentary a very good movie and a must see.
Watching Mile High Showdown on NGC Blowed
You are enough #beyourself #nojealousy “: "You cannot chew with someone else's teeth." ~ Jewish Proverb”
no kidding, I would tweet a ?? But I've had too many Dos XX to make any sense..aka Guiduice talk...
can be on Monday? Id be interested to hear what he says about punters...
oh my gorgeous
had to make up for missing time. Lol
You just havent trie ours. Scrapple is god!! Better than #bacon ! We love scrapple, and make it healthy too!
my favorite part about last night was hearing nikki lane at a bar.
I don't want to go to school at all tomorrow
I really hate Facebook. I deactivated my account once again!!!
if you're watching AmericanIdol this yr or even if you aren't, send in the votes and tell all to vote for she slays!
Another compromising with the liberals RINO out of the Senate...good job Indiana voters.
thank you so much we hope to see you one day! Let us know what you think of our music :)
Love You One More
Happy Festivus.. The holiday for the rest of us!
Carmille mama is wild she about that life
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you...
You can get in even quicker if you have a friend working for Sony
I with Zeus made a Twitter.
Fugg the Dallas Mavericks
I can see that look in your eyes
think still works with Firefox - if not working, send to
Thanks for hosting! We decided to apply for a job there! Show is Wed 7:30 on Sat on I'll let you know the times.
Beep Beep Beep.!
Thanks for the shoutout! :)
probably that they would be so cool to do that. I think its stupid. IF anyone did that would my gear i would be angry
Uh oh Miami...more pressure on LeBron. RT : Chris Bosh out indefinitely according to Miami Heat
Crispy. Chicken. Bacon. Swiss.
Thank you, Stephen! Much appreciated :)
Great picture! Thanks for visiting.
u teasin now
if you approach change the same way and are satisfied with lame r esults, so be it.
hahaha i love when cats do stupid shit XD
I love how they credited SNL on the package...m I love this flavor.
When that life after Moesha come on???
Finally out of twitter jail. Yay!!
RT Fuck You! RT : I never witnessed Jordan so fuck him lol>>>Jit you never seen him either
Start counting down, 10 months for more True Blood :-(
I don't think I ever thanked you, but thank you for thinking of me and sending me a Christmas card! :) Miss ya!
Working on my show for tomorrow night at 8 ET - expect new music from Orbital, Mazzy Star, The Black Keys, and more!
Totally-swiss! But... I'm a BIGGER fan of you!!
Thx I sat w @ lunch fri. Too bad out time to talk district was cut short.
haha i didnt even drink yet still!
Check out the latest to see our latest ad
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, talk to me, I find it funny!
My fangs are dripping tiger blood.
Foster fiasco - New York Post
Very nice.
Did Meryl win because she dressed most like the statue tonight?
Happy Mothers Day To All You Mothers Out There....
Maybe because its Wednesday
Short bench (13) a little shorter, 2 out to illness. 2 equal lines, 1 goalie.
Respect the emotions in someones heart rather then the expression on someones face
Richard Smith of Realogy -Families with children will always desire single family homes, not rentals.
Blues Jeans Bar! Legit!
lol why are you such a whore. we'd be so happy together.
come by luxe tonight for the dj mixx off
nice job with your guys' rush video!
well, come on~I've an extra room ;)
Merry X-Mas to all my friends (close and industry alike).
Then you are going to love us!
same can u give me a shoutiut
Is it so bad to cruise for cock outside a sex addicts anonymous meeting?
y u no tweet me?
Just heard another little girl say she'd be happy if a Marine would show up. , this is right up your alley.
as soon as you do something different than hot chick of the week, right?
I nominate for #CCHA ROTW after his 2 goal game tonight. wants that honor for the 3rd week in a row!
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the code tweet for a $5 discount. Sign up at monuemtalmarathon.com
yes all my stories take forever to right :3
Girl I was DYING laughing at that. I was pissed that she wasn't following me on Twitter, but that ish was TOO FUNNY.
HARVARD SQ: We've got Raspberry and Peppermint-Oreo flavors! Get it while it's cold
That's how it always is and we love to torture ourselves with things we can't have. :/
I don't think Gossip Girl gets much better than this
7 year old+pool=camera for fathers day. Any recommendations? Wifey usually uses it, so compact, easy to use. Nothing too fancy.
haha did you watch Greys last week
Going to bed (far too late) but not setting an alarm for the first (and probably last) time in a long while.
mwa ha ha ha ; [no, not yet at least; & anyway secret underground bases are ok, but really it's style that counts]
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
What's up nikka your cute
New job for Counsell / draft small utility men / future Billy Beane?
Me too! But only under my armpits. I think it's sexy! Wanna help me braid em? RT : I love long hair
Harry's band before One Direction! My sister just tweeted you about that. "OMG your harry from White Eskimo!" ;)
In #SouthDetroit, #Inge hits better than .000 with a K and 3 LOB
Lol right.? :P I need gel so I don't get an afro now...
Stop playing with our heart, weather!
u are officially a part of kentucky thunder. we would LOVE for u to move to KY.
You can join the group by using the access code: G6HT7-9FDNS Resources can be found on the left hand side.
#TeamCREW retreat in 1 week. Denver here we come!
It's 9:45 on a Friday night and I'm so sleepy I can barely function. There's something wrong with this picture.
Snow plows + frisky neighbors = long night
Just completed a Plateau LMS upgrade. Looking forward to providing services to happier Learners and Admins.
Q: " has a v distinct style & sounds like nothing else on #NPR - was that intentional, or b/c it's science ..."
Been an #ICONiac and a #GRANDer ever sense I saw them on the first day of abdc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't hate on my
wow, nice! RT : The ND homepage has been updated to display the recent In Depth articles as well as other great Notre Dame content.
wow that's pretty bold.
Hey! If you're friends with me on Facebook go "like" my last status ;) THANKS!!!
tell em you my bae...watch they get sum more real fast
As you age, your skin sheds at a much slower rate and also thins. Forget harsh chemicals and painful peels. Exfoliate naturally with #creo!
Romney is going to get people off Medicaid by turning them into greeters at Walmart.
It's a High Compliment when morons like Stein and O’Reily insult POTUS Obama. Republicans including Nixon are despicable creatures
young ave the slave
Getting ready for #studiotour12 ! Stop by and see if you can find a surprise from
I don't love you, I don't hate you. I don't know how I feel.
Getting ready to post race day logistics on our website
"This ain't sex "now playing by ....ur the last voice I hear each night. #luv u
ok,alright...thats enough of my little mini rant(releasing some steam of my own,b4 sparks set it off)...how bout that 2pac hologram?lol
when we jamming?!
Happy Birthday !!!! Can't wait to toast you with prosecco on tap!
California friends- I am moving back to LA next March. I am available for photoshoots & weddings.. Spread the word & get compensated! <3
Home base!!
Tomorrow is National Joe Day! If your name is any form of Joe, come to & tomorrow & get a free cup of JOE!
Bring yo money, keep yo problems.
"i am sorry if i hurt any of my fans, i just do not know who i am yet. Remember, Life's a climb" - Miley Cyrus (J14 magazine)
yeah I'm about to head to bed as well.
That was what I thought but wanted to be clear. A lot of opinions lie in presuppositions. :)
I will get to LA today. dammit.
can't wait to see you on Monday sissy <3
You are a quick study indeed ;)
say no more ...
STEVE BLAKE NEEDS TO BE BENCH THE WHOLE SERIES FOR THIS L HE JUST GAVE US...
Its already on the way! RT : can't wait to get mine in the mail!
Finished new arrangement of the first movement of the #Rachmaninoff 3rd #Piano #Concerto, I will post it online as soon as possible
who are you and what have you done with Javier?!?
Today's App of the Day reminds me of my pre-startup life, when I was making crazy CA money instead of funding other people's lifestyles...
We agree! “: keep it up buddy, don't give up, you can achieve anything you want. #godbless”
its chain restaurant food. Not good. Lol
I've heard "advantage" used as a verb twice today.
Here come the live auction items - Joe Paterno signed football! Jimmy Fallon tickets!
let me mentioned that your new "CD" is spiritually renewing.
Nuggets don't blow this now, you've come too far
vitamins baby girls set with blanket
RT : Jamming at with in the Coca-Cola Lounge!
Permission to join this conversation? cc
hahaha me too
So many ppl Tweet nice things about our beer. We're humbled, and since I can't keep up: Thanks! I love you all! MWAH!
"I'm careful not to give into theatrics when times are tough, I don't like it when somebody gives into outside pressure and puts on a...
Eliminate group assignments for intermediate accounting class
Alexa Vega Grew Up Fast ヅ
I have followed you to your new home. My home hasn't changed; still waiting for the re-follow.
haha they have em for mt olivet too. Hilarious
I never got the text
The best RT : Joshua Ledet killed it tonight!!
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Grey Goose chilled?
Just do you know.... If I were a bird, you'd be the first person I'd crap on. So heads up, jerk.
RT I hate people when put there pics on ugly fåcebooooook-on iphone
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
Im not shy i just dont like you
Greetings from Fort Lauderdale. The plane just touched down. Miami in tye AM!
Austrian Death Machine <3
that's the best kind of dungeon, no? Kafka-esque.
Teachers better lay back these next couple weeks, I've been busting my ass w/ all this fcat & eoc testing plus trying to keep my grades up.
2 approaches: Working back from established Goals (ID) and Working forward to discover new Goals
running late..
I hope trades some draft picks away to get him back
Got done visiting Arlington cemetery.
I did send a request to #followback :) :) :)
I think it might be time to finally learn to play my guitar. Any recommendations on places to take lessons in MKE?
All that money Sheree supposedly has and she couldn't buy her mama an outfit and drawstring ponytail?
OMG HAS RETURNED ERRYBODY
Is this the corporate twitter account?
I know that doesn't actually fit but fuck it
He is in Jacksonville BUT will relo! Thaks so much for your reply.
So proud of you :) You're doing the most amazing things, and you deserve the world <3 xo
i wish i could fly real shit lol
-_____- get out.
That is word for word what I said yesterday. I want them to look at the name and know what it is. Nothing fancy.
Awhh! He is cute!
Listening to White Stripes on vinyl while getting ready for prom >
Compare me to dope dealers and ball players, Cuss I'm dope nigga and balls playa.
woww has over 4 million followers.
Nothing will work unless you do
I get so mad I misspell words -__-
“: "Not every successful man is a good father. But every good father is a successful man"”
Told myh sister what she would redo around the house... without thinking about it she said "everything" #wowshekrazy >…<
What's up followers & twitter? What's up on yo timeline hmu.
no probs!:)) just love my followers!!<3
idkkk either !! and i rarely get sick so whenever i do , its badd :x
bad things come to those who beg
im Going to Kid-nap Louis !
Get ready for pure Falcons DOMINATION
Did Dave in Monona just say "Hey Dick, mine's bigger?" Creepiest comment in BIG1070 history. And Molitor def dips.
Why didn't I take the train? O right bc I wanted to be able to leave on my own schedule. Guess I also wanted to sit in place for an hr ugh
maybe I will some time, but I don't really want to give people on twitter my real number because I gave it to this girl &-
hahaha. That's the big question of the day!! :)
"What up mother chucklers!?" - opening line at elaborate mother's day show I'm planning [please don't RT this unless moms follow you]
getting "Charley's Grilled Subs" >>>
Love my Sidekick Android 4G, I'll NEVER Trade it for a phone everyone has, called iPhone, fck that.
umm... Google it
That's enough from Ted Lilly, thank you and good night sir. Where's the hook?
if you find a bar that's open at 9am, you let me know!! I might just meet you there...haha!
Glad the sun is out and so are our dogs...they get some needed exercise.
Your the girl, girls know how girls feel lolol. I was shy to talk about it. I was like oh no ima have to express myself.
Hm... 6 of the top 10 free apps in Google Play right now were produced by ....Google.
Very!!!!! I just look at ppl like that with the "confused face"... It makes me wonder what they feel about ppl they do know.
:-) RT : Congrats to Chris Caldon & John Keenan from on your recent success!
M&A Tip of the Day~You can use the Accounts Receivables as working capital when acquiring a business and you do not have a lot of cash
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 7
Nothing is more exciting than a 1 goal playoff hockey game 7 in the closing minutes!
I think, seem to remember weird colors in the past
Maryland born. Start with The End of the Road. Rivals Catcher in the Rye IMO. The Sotweed Factor will put you in the floor.
And ... we'll have to check in the old-fashioned way. Fingers crossed it all goes well.
Media fabrication that OKC was coasting in regular season finale until MWP elbow. It was a 4 point game. OKC built lead after MWP ejected
Yo yo at my show. And yes there's shrimp
Oh good new. Strokes to Henry from his Twitter friends.
We are innovative, affordable, and community oriented!
when you come up for air, let's break bread.
Fingers crossed :)
It is working now. Good work!!!! Out tv'ing the tv'ers!
- Competition will only make us stronger. Looking forward to it.
Busily wrkn on R own website FINALLY!! It's hard 2 tell a client how important a website is when U dont even have 1.
I have 8 vacation days to use or lose by the end of June, I need ideas Twitterverse.
I didn't have a chance to meet you :'(
haha, that's why my assistant director bought multiple copies. She knew it was going to happen.
RT : "You speak for those who aren't heard. That's why I'm a democrat."
One more class and then pep rally. Ugghh. Please go by quickly.
Tiago Splitter has 12 points and Patty Mills has 9. Derrick Byars makes the last basket of the half. Spurs lead the Suns 58-53 at halftime.
Heading down to to start setting up for our screening of #ScavengerHunt!
Warning-track power! We need a breeze blowing out ... oh, wait.
It's probably "PASS"
One was about Learning theories, the other was about parental mental illness, and the last one is about two religions
“Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men’s blood and probably themselves will not be realized."
RT : COUNTDOWN: 10 days until "Up" by Jesse McCartney hits stores and online on the Step Up 3D Soundtrack!
Love for today. Live for tomorrow.
Bleh my floor smells like cigs.. C'mon at least smoke the good stuff!
we are hoping to open by the end of May... fingers crossed. We will keep you updated!
then our afternoon snack. Yeah we suck.
I'd like to go ahead and order that. How to proceed?
I can tell that he is use to them #hoodrats!
Boys suck well the ones I know atleast!! :(
#nowwatching Family Guy
thnx! very kind of you. I will roll the public beta in August. Also looking forward to our own collaboration later.
So true!
Thank you for the #FF!
Natural Foodie: Color-coded cookbook is feast for the eyes: "We wanted to draw people in who were on the outskirts of this (nutrition...
I'm getting caught up on twitter and am enjoying seeing and hearing about your journey. Blessings!
Shout out to Morgan State alumni "I Love Morgan Day!"
You left out informative! RT : In my office having a very somber, random conversation about Vietnam with
Just did a lil Diy project...
Even 's short topics are fascinating. Wish this session was longer.
"When the breath wanders the mind also is unsteady. But when the breath is calmed the mind too will be still."
Happy Friday! Get a head start on the Speak Up process, register today! Contact the Speak Up Team for more information!
Larry Drew, Kurt Rambis, Brian Shaw
Okay future Boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now.
A1: We go for mornings...but often miss. Do desk-side stress balls count?:)
The Pope talks about Jesus with far less leaden solemnity than Ken Burns about the national parks.
you and I both girl!
Kimmel hired the wrong writers
Trivial personal note: I've lost 10 lbs in 3 wks simply by cutting most rice, bread, potatoes, pasta & soda. Who knew starches were so bad?
got it! Will do.
...but then i dont
That was the big announcement? K. I'm gonna die in germany. Forever alone. Never meeting austy.
.: no debate on software patents right now, so why incrementalism? Tech co.s won't be your friends.
Creativity and innovation, sounds good to me.
He's obviously trying to convert you. Let's be honest.
Glad you got your tix! We're selling out!
Keep on trying to spin it...but snow in the spring just ain't right ;)
My trainer got me sore and I gotta go in the morning 
yes ma'am!! they side swiped me -_-
One of the hardest things about moving to Jacksonville: The closest is 2 hours away. Please deliver?
#cfaleadercast It's either in what you do every day, or it's dead. Marcus Buckingham.
Enjoy this beautiful sunny & 71 degree weather while you can! Today could be one of the last days for lunch on the patio.
What Your Heart Finds Attractive Is Not Necessarily What Your Eyes May Find Attractive
There sure is an interesting story being written here.... It's a fairytale ending,
yo you got some big nice juicy boobies
Why, thank you !
I CAN'T FIND MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME!
i'm glad we're working it out babe
Off to Smoothie King for an ice cold Green Tea Tango then I'm parking on the couch to catch up on the last episode of Dancing With the Stars
for real
huntington ashram monastery (1969)?
I tried to see you in Avengers, but some douche started txt'ing in the movie, I got slashy, then, well, things get blurry.
In a foul mood this evening. Need to do something to improve things or just wallow in some self-pity for a bit.
Had a great day :) can't wait to see my boy tomorrow <3
Today in 1788: Maryland becomes 7th state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
Quaker Instant Oatmeal Stout
What'd you do this weekend, besides watch the Hawks win in a SICK overtime?
roll in the grass until scraps is dizzy. maybe longer.
School still :(
People don't know what Congress is
Come see our new short film "Cut '83!" at Denver Film Center on Sep 9! Part of the 2011 48 Hour Film Project Best of Denver screening!
I'm pretty sure I won't get that much sleep tonight
Getting ready to jump on a plane to go to Branson, MO.
Yeah … about that. Think this country tried that already. Abolished by the 24th Amendment.
mornin Randy, keep doing that work for the team. Been a fan of you since Miami days.
Anyone enjoying happy hour tonight? We're headed to Hoops downstairs to hang out after a long work week!
I did ima text u
Panama City is my next destination
with putting and grip....right index finger down on shaft or tucked under? Thanks for all of ur advice!!
": Awh, thank you, you shouldn't of had. :)" Right back at'cha, thanks for the tweet supersexy :-)
and when did Suppan lose his.... even up the change in scenery may do them both good what 2 lose on either teams side?
Case in point: this morning my son asked me what the mood was like in the theatre during Vader's daddy reveal.
Never give up. Thanx to Robert & Jeffrey @ SkyClub term A ATL. Missed flight to SFO & told "no way" today. They got Eva & I on next plane!
I just got on twitter for the first time today so I don't know
I'll come back, I promise ida what that bitch says 😉
Hubs and I tag teamed it & got kids in bed before 8 & now it's time to party. And by party I mean pay bills & clean house.
Some spirits can't be caged, others slowly die when caged, and some find comfort in confinement. There's no shame in being any one.
Enjoying a beautiful evening drive out to the Texas Hill Country
I know last nights Lakers loss was horrible. OKC played near perfect. Unfortunately for them, a performance like that only counts as one win
Wow!! What a day of training and lifting very sore loving the pain !!
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"
So I wait for the day....and the courage to say how much I love you...... yes I do <3
...good morning y'all!! Any recommendations for #FT ?? ...I'm starting my day with some Tyrone Davis on the background!! :D
Thanks - and thanks for the follow!
There was a point when Hitchens's apostasy post-9/11 was unacceptable for me. I believe now that he regarded human rationality most
RT : if you see me on here you are entitled to a date with you were here 2 hrs ago. I'll take the date with Jack.
just chilln n u
Saw The Avengers last night. Good lord that thing was tight. More please...
glad to know chivalry isn't dead :)
Awesome! My son and I are hiking down in to the #GrandCanyon later this month. Still pretty chilly on the rim, eh?
No kidding, I hope she gets fired next week. My guess for next week is Theresa.
Italian, British, Australian, and Spanish
Hyperbole is rampant RT : idiot squad is in full force on rcf. Apparently it's not ok to criticize the TT selection
72 hours in new york, followed by 36 in seattle. I don't think I'm ready for this week.
never again !!
"NOT!!: People have been fooling themselves into thinking money equals happiness for thousands of years."
/biz-ethics Let me know if you are on this list now. I think it works, but I need some feedback
I'm pretty sure the White House is holding out on the Bin Laden pics because they're going to do a whole hologram thing at the Super Bowl.
Alright, Twitterers-- what are your plans for tomorrow?
Miley and ray appeared in WWE Raw...
Thanks for the shout out! We love that we can be "sort of competitors" but still support each other.
Thanks to for his infinite wisdom.
I need to get some rest at some point... or at least run a grammar check when I tweet. LOL
so stoked for Friday!
Do you have any Pittsburgh dates in the future? Missed you last time
Perfect day to celebrate the birth of on the #Edelman rooftop after work
thanks for following me
Got off work, went to bar,met f-up people, went home, drank. Passed out, lol I AM LIVIN TJE LIFE
- thanks for the FF!
"'cause I knew that all my friends were in San Diego; for the long comiccon weekend."
Last chance to get the shot. Shoot with subjects face toward camera & eyes diverted from camera. Makes you think. Tomorrow: sideways peace.
High expectations lead to disappointment.
School strts on monday D: omg im so nervous
It's been 24 hours since Virginia's () son was in an accident. Please pray for him, Virginia, and her entire family.
Happy Easter All!!!
back massage now
Outkast Pandora on point right now
We Keep gaining and losing followers ahaha. We hit 695 like 10 times!!!! x)
I've been watching tv all day , and I just realized I wasted my whole saturday -_-
RT Make your way here to
my cat is an indoor cat, perched on hind feet in the window looking for all the world like she's at a movie.
You too!!
Weather like this on January 31st in Milwaukee makes getting around campus nice and easy!
does lady gaga follow you? If she doesnt do you want me to DM her your twittttaaah? :)
Hey Bryan. Thanks for the follow. I look forward to hearing from you & reading your tweets.
Letting kanye get into his zone
's coverage of #WhitneyComingHome ceremony. Yes!:Newark-NewHope-Whitney link. Thank u for the human portrayal of our diva.
Fab Design Tip: Do you want to re-upholster a chair? Check that is worth it by checking if it is made out of hard wood.
please follow and I? Thanks! You are our inspiration!
Back in the Bronx had a good BBQ in my house now back to working hard tomorrow
Giving someone else #equalrights does not infringe or take away your rights. It just makes it illegal to enforce your prejudice and hate.
hahahahaha that is hysterical
“: Are you running, or are you moral support?”. I ran that thing bro. I already signed you up for next years race!
So... How was your spring break? mine was pretty boring.. Well, school tomorrow. Off to bed.
NBC: The US Secret Service has revoked the top secret security clearances of all 11 agents and officers.
Focus on George Kottaras being shirtless. That seems to calm most women down no matter what.
Hey Ted; it's like an archaeological dig over here listening to isolated tracks!
We were just there...Thanks !
": Today I chose alcohol over sleep"
Done a lot in the past two days. Really looking forward to the next step. Anyone know any Tumblr experts?
Spring roster and schedule have been updated, check out the page info for full details...
I am in need of a back rub...
back in the studio this weekend!! wishful thoughts on the mind.
Today at noon PDT- Tune in! Go to Facebook.com/Yoplait for details! See you there!
Buzzed Barnes and Noble-ing. Prize to whoever accidentally spends the most money!
They will now. Brow down. #BBN “: Louisville will not submit.”
“Sometimes the most precious things we have are also the ones we take for granted the most.”
What's the theme, genre?
Keep the votes coming, if you were to choose a MVP fighter for CFA who would it be? We are letting the CFA fights fans choose him.
I'm going to the movies with my parents
Thanks for the mention! What did you get to have?
I want those model bitches with the huge asses
Hacked by her daughter once again #Shoutout to
HEY DO Y'ALL REMEMBER THE BOX MUSIC VIDEOS ON CHANNEL 10 BACK IN THE DAY????
I've got my feet on the ground and I don't go to sleep to dream... you've got your head in the clouds; you're not at all what you seem.
Today was very very gay
Law without justice is a wound without a cure-William Scott Downey
coming up at 11...new information after a horse in Franklin County is shot while out in a pasture
♀A burnt child is afraid of fire♀
Haven't been tweeting much. Sorry freeps. School is keeping me busy.
The Jobs Bill may have bipartisan support, but loosening regulations on start-ups must be music to the ears of every fraudster in the U.S.
Thanks for the follow! Hope to chat soon!
thank you for introducing us. I appreciate that. Any and all help is greatly appreciated.
sorry I wont be able to make it buddy. Still in Minnesota with the fam. Best of luck tonight
In 1965 started as an 8 wk summer program. Today 1 million are served each day, 1/2 the eligible kids.
Looking for something uplifting to watch on TV? HBN TV can be found on channel 20 on Direct TV and Dish Network - Tune in and be blessed! -
Good-bye! <3
Sorry I've not been around, lost a couple of dear ladies recently, guess I'm still grieving.
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. First impression means a lot to me.
There's nothing wrong with two things: A) A little bump and grind and B) Tomfoolery
Yep, I'm feeling like that. Now, if I can install a pedestal sink, I'll put "Plumber" on my CV/ Ha!
I think i like some one else than my bf :/
Im Hungry Af'
Drumstep, makes me want to just go fucking wild.
Networking and education for filmmakers to raise standards. Health and safety, contracts, professionalism etc.
Tim Tebow being listed in the top 100 NFL players is absolutely ridiculous.
just finished our round. brent beat me by 2 strokes.
Kelly Rowland is gonna fuck around & bring back R&B.
11184 words, 36 pages, 131 cites, and way too much of my time later, my Entertainment Law final paper is submitted. now only 2 exams to go.
happy birthday my brother!!! -B
haha, that picture uses instagram to comical effect!
Bueno! I can dig it.
Ugh being trendy has gotten way too trendy
"y'all got some of those yellow limes?"
Where did the year go!?
what a gentleman.
I want to go to the US so bad! But it is so expensive! You should come to Japan! You DJ too yes?
Who's heard of "The Green Language?"
what a game. Not sure which was more impressive? 2 strike Miggy hit off Peavey or walk off. Memorable bday for ya
and for tweeting, obviously! :)
Hey I didn't name them that,they did! How about Douche Felix?
everyone was omg yes there is!! But its on the easst coast..
Hey chica!!! Glad you found me.... lol
Would you like a pretty lie OR thee ugly truth?
today was awesome!! And what is significant about 4/20
how's the big ol' MN doing. Looking forward to seeing you hopefully end of May
So where you going to college, Q?
“Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so? There's a support group for that It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar"
I graduated high school in 2005. Fuck I'm old. :(
Congrats to CEO Rick Waddell for earning the 2012 Humanitarian Award from the !
And yet . Me teeth look like they did when I got my braces off .. Yet i still need them again . Life sucks .. !
Talk to 'em any kind of way the bitches like that;
Linksys WRT54GL. I'm running a Tomato 1.25 remix that includes OpenVPN. Haven't observed any CPU issues with the chosen L7 filters.
oh fuck no. aha
I shouldn't be working at a restaurant when I sneeze every few minutes.😷
I did too...thank u
Many people are working from home. I'm going in, but I live on north side so I shouldn't have any problems.
Yall did enough support to get me invited to the coast 2 coast industry mixer in April. Thank u and I hope to win this for you and me. 1
Call me crazy, but I just don't like country music at all.
You glued the dictionary together?
Congratulations to the on their purty new site.
thank you for the RT
I will be soon!
Be with God and be at peace and with grace, W.H.
Oh, and there's a breakfast spot hidden in this little shopping area off Fig just beyond Adams. Have you been there?
I have a sign in front of my coffee shop advertising FREE coffee, and no one is coming in. What's wrong with you Pearl?
What do you spend $2.00 a day on??? The definition of insanity, doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different...
Dr. Ruth Clark presenting in Denver! April 27 & 28 on evidence-based training. www.ispi-frc.org
Yes, the important part is to be open minded and supportive of tech
Only in PDX? Vegan strip club, neighbors told by state liquor commission to work out differences.
Most #Tapout wearers would fit easily in to any 1990s MC Hammer video. Hat popped up, wild designs/colors on everything, baggy pants.
« There is always that one song that messes up your pandora flow...»
Quite frankly, I don't give a damn.
Chicago, capital of Illinois? NATO goofs in video
Powell-mondesire, turnaround principal of prmse aca. was principal of Staw. Mansion which is under investigation 4 cheating
strange to hear Marv on CBS
The lovely J A N E L L E books an EBAY campaign!!
Yes - much easier to use a tool w sts and parents if tchrs and admin are comfortable using it themselves
Another gorgeous day, perfect excuse for a lunchtime stroll to visit to any of the amazing market eateries! What are your favorites?
We have music on iTunes!
you should go down there and mix to drum up business
I say Ugly Man and the Knick fans on my TL know who Im talking about. Hilarious
When my mom tries to tell me the "scoop" on Justin and I'm sitting there like "What are you talking about, you have no clue."
Wow, two outrageous Hitler analogies in one day! Great work, GOP/Catholic Church!
Sorry but im too poor to be taking a plane anywhere.
Wait, there's live hockey on right now?
Thanks again. SO kind of you.
My parents are recording the same show, one in hd and one in regular vision. No wonder the dvr is always full.
your such a bitch.
the next home game is the Galaxy. We do bus rides and tailgates before. I can send you more info if you want...
I seriously hate Adele
3X CODiE winner Best Postsecondary Instructional Solution, Best Instruction Solution, & Best Postsecondary Education Solution
#CantYouJustSTFU cuss yo breath be clowning mann
#CVSgifts I'm considering a water fountain for my kitteh!
Tonight on I REMEMBER, Bill Streicher & Chuck Boie discuss the Mitchell Gallery of Flight, a museum located At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Loved 's team name - "Fresno Yacht Club." How did they come up with that?
If my parents would stop taking my brother's side on everything
robert please follow mee:)
watching #yankees, just saw a-rod hit no. 599 i hope he hits 600 at
Thank You for taking time to answer me.....your good people JR.....
#Seahawks turning into the NFL's version of the Oregon #Nike Ducks & #Panthers new helmets look pretty cool!
This breakfast line needs a coffee only line.
OMG! you ok?
On the 4th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me...half off all tee shirts!
.-+~+~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Just punched a bug to death. Don't mess with me
You and REALLY know your roses :)
narrowing the gap btwn virtual and real life!
My voice is completely gone
glitter nail polish >
"Manufactured Landscapes" takes an artistic look at the gross industrial transformation globalization is making to our fragile ecosystem.
what happened ? :(((
Badluck:I Got My Cup Of Soda && I Didnt Realize That My Baby Nephew Put HOT COFFEE In It!!!
thank you to you both :)
whats up sexy
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl: be faithful, respectful and listen when she talks. Her mistrust will send her packing; no man is that good.
Does this mean you're voting Republican now?
I bet Kim Jong's son is stoked he just got promoted to Demigod.
god i love channel lol so funny xD
Town Volunteer Appreciation Reception. Hundreds thanked & one received US President's Volunteer Service Award for volunteering 4000 hours.
thank you : )
oh joey nt use ths account again
I'm w/ ya. Already told them I'm out for this sum. 4th of July parade on June 30? Please. Also
makes the BEST cheesecakes!!! www.reuschelles.com
aw yea
nope. just got confirmation from a friend that delivers to Wendy's. Yum owns KFC, but Wendy's is owned by "Wendy's Company."
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST IS ON TV RIGHT NOW, GUYS. ^__^
If the giants win by 2 pts will Tom Brady be the MVP??
WI: Recall Republican Governor Scott Walker Primary Election polls open at 7:00 a.m. today May 8th. General Election on June 8th. VOTE!
working on redesigning my portfolio...been way too busy lately - graduated in december so now I have more time woot
Lumpia yummy! Favorite food!
u was ready! Lol.
Fuck school today I'm falling asleep in every class!
The Weeknd - House of Balloons. Heard the album yet?
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Salted giant prawn! And an oyster the size of my hand (seriously!)...
Today 5 yrs ago I met you, and till this day I thank god for bringing you into my life. I've alway told you since freshman year that you
Will do
^Are you living a life based on honesty and integrity?
Skylar and Phillip need to go home
Agreed! Good lunch, and it was nice catching up.
hey I'm following you now :D
Can't wait for HH! RT Go to happy hour, have fun and get home early enough to have a good day tomorrow!
What are you doing Nov 26? I'm going to La Mafia Buy your tickets and VIP tables today.
I think my laptop is going down, it's making all these funny noises. Lucky me ... just in time for finals!
Does anyone else feel like #MichiganSt's student section is way more impressive than ours?
don't let them fool you. buzzed cooking is drunk cooking.
Looking for #amexseamless5 love
you hoopin today if so where at a nigga trying to hoop
Listen to this new EL-P album
be in an Austin MAHONE & Alex fan video?
Kind of an ok night last night... I had a wonderful dinner with my live Sara Diaz :) I love hurrr!
Very True!
Me neither! I've been wondering for weeks
Itz a good thing I went to check on those tix tho. I was approaching boot status! $940 later..all things legit. Moral: Don't procrastinate!
red devil lounge tonight
Sometimes the cookie crumbles...
Bo, King! Thanks a lot for raising the prices and decreasing the sizes of your iced coffees! Bo! From now on, I make my own.
Watching legion ones again gonna watch daybreakers after
Today: Tear Film Dynamics Associated with Squeeze Blink in Dry Eye Subjects (D858) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Almost like being in Florida! :) It's about the same temperature here today.
Jesus! Something Special, Supernatural About That Name!
is speaking my language! They desire to improve the lives of women and families through business ownership. Wonderful!
Nothing against music sharing through social media, but I know 98% of my internet friends don't care. When I make music, I'll seek you out.
Hit me up whenever brotha, I got Sat-Sun off now, just good family time in the pool lately...
I hate group projects so much. Especially when people don't do their part of it and you are combining parts, so you end up doing it.
hey Greg Anthony i dont want to buy a phone or a fkn dryer and i know that 3 weeks of crazy basketball games isn't monotonous so stfu god
Scott Pilgrim was pretty awesome.
