Happiness is not of the same kind as material objects are.
have a great trip! :)
LOL!!!! RT Tomorrow is Lebron James day, everyone gets to leave work 12 minutes early.
#Resolutions are made to be broken.Choose goals that You'll keep trying to achieve all year! .. Not quit within the first week.
I love the #smli webinar with & ;-) | great work and I will be using your tactics often!
Those Chase card close-ups aren't really in the spirit of the show are they?
Bring it!
OH female policewoman: I have blood on my arm!!
I like the temperature, but not the rain.
I'm glad you enjoyed your Game of Basketball :+). Let's see if you'll go twice a wk. Have Fun
New york in the morning
"Besides conferences and email lists, the Internet Marketing underground is held together by a weird fascination with video."
So Modest Mouse is coming to the
Fleas in cats can be especially sensitive to treat-check with your Veterinarian
i voted over 1234567890 times....can i get a follow back please....btw i LOVE you guys:):):):):)
nope I am not I stopped promise haha
Do you provide reference services? Helping setup and wondering about the possibility.
#StickyNotes are your best friend when you have the feeling that your day is gonna be filled with brain farts.
I am having one of those "I am so sick" days I am counting down the time until husband is home so I can tag out.
I could've sworn avocado was a fruit....
aye dont forget to watch pretty little liarss tonight! ;D showw's full of
your gorgeous
Thanks for the follow Sean!
#TheLifeSayings: You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize that what you have now is much greater.
Can't find my stylus for my iPad!!
4 what it's worth, PTI is the sole democratic political force in Pak. Re:Much to criticize re IK/PTI, but ...
I've seen more famous people in the year and a half ive lived in Chicago than I did in over 3 years of living in LA.
as in, his mom tells me he's mine anyway ;)
Everytime I play Blink 182 I think of <3
For sure!! Hope you had a great weekend :-)
Picking up Joshua from school.
At least the #Yankees didn't forfeit after 1 inning, kinda equivalent to what #Duke did in the #NCAA Tourney.
Just prayed to a God That I don't believe in
At PhDeets, PhDs can tweet the essence of their dissertation to the world! (In fewer than 125 characters, 2 save space 4 @, #, RT)
Fresh fiesta garlic salsa, I am in heaven!
At UCSD Rady School of Management speaking w/ MBA students & some incredible successful startup & fastest growing companies in our region.
Have a great night.
You cannot put on dear John, what a girl wants, AND forest gump on on the same night!
We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
I want a YOLO tattoo. Lol
I'm a terrible cook. Tonight, I try eggplant Parmesan...wish me luck!
Cute! Back row, third from the left?
I'm having the hardest time concentrating today...got photography on the brain like crazy
Oh man. Just saw the news about Adam Yauch/MCA. Totally stunned & floored. :( Just bought the 33 1/3 about Paul's Boutique. Namaste, Yauch.
I live 12-min walk so you win. Still--freaky! Where is yr piece appearing?
and I are celebrating our 100th DM.
Camping at Raystown lake PA and riding the Allegrippis trails all weekend.
I developed an instant crush on at AWP. It was like we were on a picnic every time we spoke.
#Verizon, your bad idea commercial is a BLATANT rip off of SNL's bad idea jeans.
I need to buy a better camera to film my beat making process...
- my dad went to high school with Duck. Seems we're losing a lot of musical greats this year.
we use #informatica in our healthcare business for similar reasons as #foxtrot. Cloud product is great.
": shout out 4 shoutout ?" Sounds like a deal :)
Dude, I am loving the raw, unbridled conservatism. I need more Repubs in my feed. I think following you was a good idea…
My car is like a revolving door of signs. Lots of people committed to visible support. Reminding them all to vote on 6/5
Just a reminder, CDM is open until 10pm this week for your #finals studying needs. Free Wi-Fi student discounts. Good luck!
Social Media Promotional Sale :: ALL THIS WEEK :: [[ all monthly packages only $50 ]] Email Us For Details ::
i showed my mom the version on the stream. all she said was "oh my."
Who is going to MNF this upcoming week? Go Bolts!
what about Shottas
Thank you! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed the program at Tanglewood yesterday. Bravo to you, the pops orchestra and the vocalists.
Aye man,can i get a follow back?Maybe we could talk sometime
Throw away idea you'll be perfect and you'll be closer to perfection than ever before
I'm so done
Merry Christmas. :)
Got to see the lovely and talented CJ Merriman on stage at tonight in Magic Bullet Theory
I am ON. BOARD. Yay!
Hello twitter
I love this. Can I cite you?
did you see the picture on the baseball page? :)
my dad just admitted to me that he used to come into my room in the middle of the night and get my secrets out of me because i sleep talk..
Much much needed nap
how did it go?
can NOT wait for tomorrow!!! Excited! He's the reason why I'm tuning in tomorrow! <3
oh, and if u are in LA or NYC and looking for a great workout, just let me know and we'll get u into soulcycle !
Am experiencing great frustration with label printer. Will library re-org ever happen?
What about diet coke?
The Spring Home & Garden Market Series just Ended!! We had a great attendance! Fall Dates are on the website! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Student: wants to know how mini funds are being spent. Is there a way to expand transparency?
how come you can stay out so late? my curfew is 8:30 rofl
I wish I could cuddle up with HIM right nah! /:
You're not kidding. Luckily, all's well, but apparently there was a SWAT team stand-off in a nearby neighborhood. Yikes!
RPD confirm they found body in Iron pool & they "believe" its the body of missing girl Larie Butler. We're live @ scene @ 7.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can help although it's a really nice idea, my balls are prints of my paintings, the paintings take about
i thought you didnt use smile faces like youre to cool for them
Ah, I haven't started watching it yet, so it's all spoilers to me. :)
Dance Moms Miami is good but i like Dance Moms better
I hate when people don't text you right back.
Yea, I've got 2 good through July.
lol. they wouldnt even trust you tho if you was living with a female. EVERYBODY know how you are. lol.
"Money can't buy you happiness" yeah, but it can buy you concert tickets which is pretty much the same thing.
Dey Call me Inky!!
It's a mobile strategy game. Insanely fun.
I DIDN't laugh at yours! i was laughing at your face lol
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Feels good to barely beat a bad team. Orange crush is back suckas.
Is masculinity oppressive or is male insensitivity oppressive?
Thank you very much for your vote and your support!
Well it's the same thing with football for me. It's all about who has the "purdiest culla"...
I just saw this but yeah sIGHS it's so good it makes me died
how are you?! You ready for tomorrow? How's your song coming out?
You must change in order to survive
Wow he was out by a mile lol
When my sister & mom argue in subway <<
What is this nigga real name cuz I'm sure I don't know them
Moved on to #Shameless. Sorry
cool , hey follow me girl.
Better not...my other half will be upset and then you will have to deal with her :)
Great to hear you will be at #drydensocial You really get around! Fedex overnight flight? or do you have a twin?
I hoping too
Life is but a dream.
Q3: Now, to change topics, since it's grab bag day. What can small publishers do to revive an out of print favorite?
When I graduate people will wonder who the fuck I am!!
that bull duke is working
Somebody needs to take me to go see Titanic in 3D.
Okay, does anyone know when Battleship premieres in the U.S.?
Either way, keep up the good work, nice to see the in depth coverage you provide compared to others who shall not be named, ha!
Smile For The Haterz! :)
I've always said a comfortable chair is the sign of a powerful executive.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human combats and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Another rainy day, another #27 no show.
5:00 PM - RT In the Trenches live at Claddagh Irish Pub.
Happy Birthday, !!!! I love you!!! xoxo
I can't wait to see these places!
Sure , we like to keep in touch with forward-thinking #venturecapital companies! Thanks for the shout.
Why is there a Boy Meets World marathon on MTV2 ? Why is my brother a BMW expert?
DC: 29 degrees outside. GOBAL WARMING, WHERE ARE U???
Think ima delete this one & start al over...
is haunted by the story of walter lyles' booger.
That awesome moment when they're showing the Flinstones and the Jetsons on Cartoon Network ^.^
Have you guys had Gorganzola cheese yet. It is heavenly.
why are auctions like ESELL economy proof? We provide things to the people that matter when times are tough, and that's a fact uncle sam!
Actors, Screenwriters, Directors: showcase your work directly to Hollywood studios on my new website. Coming December!!!
congrats on beat Duke day, now go grab a no.1 seed and beat KY if given the chance.
Sometimes when bad things fall apart its so good things can fall together..
Michael's been around for 2 yrs!? Boyfriend needs to deal w/ it & show up. But holidays are hard
Dude if he is really on SOMEONE RECORD IT AN POST IT ON YOUTUBE OR sumtin cuz Il'l die #freakingout..!
If you happen to find a gold earring in your cake bag , its mine! The reward is my vinyl of stevie wonder's Innervisions.
Its worse than early collage.
no survivor... no Amazing Race ... boring summer.
tweets the info or :)
i found 's last name on the word search in 6th period hehe (;
that is more of a deterrent
Today should be a good day, no school (y)
Trust is earned;)0
It's coming up next Wed 5/9. Going country line dancing... thus the need for some kick ass boots!
and how in the stars did u get THAT nickname?
Forget trying to "compete" w the Jones & Smiths try my neighbors on for size
Just watched Cabin In The Woods I gotta admit it was a good movie I was laughing mostly tho cuz I just laugh at horror lol :P
you're always at egyptian.. you should start checking out instead of checking in.
Y is orange leaf following me ... I don't post about yogurt ...
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all. Cheers for a very green & safe day!
Thank for the RT, Mike. Hope all is great with you.
Its funny how being in Vegas has made me pull back from the world, being away from the internet is the best vacation. Peace out.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama ♥
My #SuperFan levels will one day be equal to your Napoli #SuperFan levels... I hope.
is looking forward to the RBS 6 Nations starting in Feb -
Hi! I Agree that is a good book.
that's f'd up tho
Love Love Love Lil Miss RC!!!! Lets Go Crow!!!
Song of The day: Stay by U2
That's what I would do and good it's been too long since we all kicked it
Never fall in love with a man who don't love you
For a Happy New Year: happiness book display at Newark Public Library, 2nd floor
Say what you want about America, thirteen bucks still gets you a hell of a lot of mice!
i saw iron man 2 , 2 weeks ago it was awsome :)
Alex Epstein suggests sending a query letter BEFORE you write the script to judge the response. Your thoughts please.
you don't have to tell me about unpacking...we still have stuff in the garage!!! :-O
exactly. an agency that knows how I do it, and do it right.
look solid so far without Pujols, but it's breaking my heart to watch him suited up for Los Angeles. Still, I wish him well.
Is anyone a vegetarian?
Kudos to the organizers of #MoxieCon. Great conference concept and amazing energy. Sad we can't stay, but we'll be following online!
i'm not a wild one, i fall asleep at 11 pm.
great we hope she raises awareness of the Colombia IDP and refugee crisis
can't wait to shoot. Fun, fun, fun!
we're in the front, come say hi!
Indoor cats and indoor plants don't seem to get along very well...
To my mother - a loving, compassionate champion for marriage equality & more - Thank you & I Love You! And Happy Happy Mother's Day to all.
Today's special is A-FREDO-MAZING! Chicken Broccoli Fettucini Alfredo! Served w/ garlic toast and the knowledge that this meal rocks.
That was one of the oddest and most entertaining stories I've ever covered.
*tear* ...I LOVE YOU MAN!
Ayurvedic prescription for headaches
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it- Peter Drucker RT
David Harris: If we don't have strong schools downtown, we won't have strong neighborhoods.
THE VERONICAS - MOUTH SHUT LYRICS
Wondering what's happening in MA. Brown win would be totally awesome - if the Dems don't figure out some way to stall.
try aloevera as a gel, coconut oil, and olive oil...suave or herbal essences for shampoo and conditioner
We already know your password: iamawino
#tasteofdc countdown!! Final hours before kick-off!! www.thetasteofdc.org Join us Sat Sun & Mon to Sip Savor & Celebrate!
Baby makin weather
Thanks so much for this and all your support!
They should make an award for anyone who uses an entire tube of chapstick without losing it.
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
Unions do all the work, then share the wealth then unions can give the 93% nonunions some money
Live fake , die fake .
If you think i like you then i probably dont
Raining in SoCal. Say it isn't so. ☔
RT Eliminating my alma mater's system would be the biggest travesty to the HBCU community. I need them to think things through
If anyone is having a bad day remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold 10% stake in Apple for $800. it's now worth $58,065,210,000
National Nurses Week begins on May 6th! Want to join the celebration as a nurse? Call us at (888) 682-2761 to learn more!...
“ “ I am not mad, I am hurt. There is a difference.””
Oh, ONLY a grizzly, monkey, and a mountain lion?! comforting. :-/
Let's Go Yankees!
was relocated to my own office because they started movin cubicles around.. seems like they forgot cus ive been in here for 2 weeks
My #quarterlifecrisis is telling me that my life is in shambles. It's just one of those mornings but I know better. Must push forward!!!
haha RT “SURELY NOTHING HAS TO LISTEN TO SO MANY STUPID REMARKS AS A PAINTING IN A MUSEUM.” – Edmond de Goncourt
watching punk'd
Vegas hotels have some great food, but with my shake in the morning I can pass by the temptation!
glad im not the only one who feels that way.
Plenty of sun out today :) RT : see you baby birds later. I'm going outside to soak up some sun. See you soon
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
I'm obsessed. You guys are awesome!!!
this world was a better place because of your father. There will never be another joepa. Please continue your fathers work
yeah, I'm optimistic big picture, like a lot of ppl wanted it this yr bad
In Seattle this weekend. What to do?
. or "my husband and I's," which might be my ultimate annoyance.
I like the title stories in those collections. Figure they titled the books after them b/c they are particularly strong.
that might...tickle.
Learned this by exploring how to put a fence on a retaining wall on our property -- public space permitting goes through DDOT.
finally pulled out my new compressor / nailer combo to put up some shelves tonight. { insert Tim "the tool man" Taylor grunt here }
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE RT IF YOU DO TOO
DM Simply put, we developed an Edu solution gaining more momentum than we can support. Would like to explore turning over to HP.
Can't believe the Ky. Derby is next Saturday already!
What is most disturbing? A) Twins' rotation B) Plouffe's hair C) Doumit's stache D) Butera on roster E) All of the above
You need to leave all those reality broads on the sidelines and come get a real woman...lol
Wah-huh? ": 1 adult male stabbed in the upper body in the 1300 block of Irving St. NW."
Meats and Meets, Beets and Beats, Spirits and Spirit; Come to TAG RAW BAR and see what I mean!
If they 6pool you, your scouting wouldn't amount to a whole bunch unless you send out one of your starters as the scout
I'd say: do your work in the done() callback. embrace the "asynchronousness". gist an example and I'll help re-write.
Who would like a shoutout ???? :)
have fun with that lawn mower. I'm teaching Sadie today!
The higher your station, the less your liberty.
13m: knock on by Japan. USA's Mike Petri to put into the scrum
Thank you for naps, Lord!! I definitely need one, today. Wow.
what happened?
Who said ya about what?
I just sent a text asking "how much for a cow and seeds?" friend in Uganda needs to feed his family long term, puts my life in perspective
Did you book your Limo for the #Steeler Game this weekend? Call today to book Pittsburgh's best Limo Service
Is there a social stigma associated with being a "media whore" as a scientist trying to simply communicate their work?
WORK THAT BATHING SUIT......FIERCE
OMG MEAN STREETS IS ON NETFLIX STREAMING!
I love you. Will you be my bestfriend please?
I did for like a day, but got it back :3
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
It's Late Night in New York with your host J Lino
#IndySM Which athlete or celebrity best used the #social46 hashtag?
not here.FB ;)
thanks for that - the tweets are great
What's the equivalent to retweeting on instagram? Regraming?
THEY ARE SO BEASTY . Except x2 I god damn hate THAT RIDE
RT : Got a haircut & straight razor shave last night at in the 3rd Ward. Highly recommend if you need a cut or shave.
Anchorage it is official...we have sunshine! Let spring begin and please, please for the sake of our eyes wash your cars and trucks!
i give up. i'm going to go take a nap.
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH I WAS AMAZED. Us and our crazy facial expressions.
Where do I get a Barrett/Mitchell sign?
I thought that was only me!!(: lolol
happy birthday!
You too Martin!!!!
Got my mobile settings working..ish. Tech is a godsend!
How about "the minister switching sides, in G's mistress's compound, with the gilded automatic"?
Wondering if is good for you? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable about it, w/ , , and more on Fri!
Actually, yday House Dems intro-ed Senate bill in House as HR3743 #NoMoreExcuses MT The Reid bill is in the Senate
We're going to Puerto Rico for the holidays! See ya in 2010 New York!
Luv My Undies is offering 15% off womens and mens undergarments for Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!!
I'll cry. Turkish fans don't care why? Please answer. TURKEY! PLEASE! PLEASE ! <3
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath
what about all electronic devices need to in the "off" position? :)
Reconnected with an abandoned poem tonight and discovered its heartbeat, alive & musical. Cuembe laced within. Yo amo mi
There's no future in time travel.
The hardest thing about robbing a train now a days is finding a place that rents cowboy outfits and can keep a secret.
Obedience happens when we trust God more than ourselves.
Omg I miss you (:
I'm so serious lol but okay :)
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Your article can be in the format of frequently asked questions
#turntoyou is such a beautiful song<3
Happy Leap Day! A whole extra day to explore or come see Use it wisely.
Watching Money Ball. I love smart movies.
SEE YOU IN DENVER TONIGHT St Patricks day Shenanegins!!!!!!!!
Sarah and i are going to watch the starwars series, she has never seen it, should we watch it 123 or 456?
Very early, but here's the #MLB attendance standings with the #Phillies leading the avg attendance per game. Avg MLB tix $27
I use Plume for twitter on Android. Like it a lot.
I really make a mean cup of coffee. Why, this one just called me fat.
Listening to Calexico con Iron and Wine , working on a conference presentation.
RT : Features kill websites. Let's go for experience.
Good luck in your search. The DTWatch was most entertaining. :)
your suppose to stareat it then blink really fast at a wall :)
so todays the last day in florida. how sad....
Getting tired of hearing about e-readers and the companies who own them. Remember when the book was the subject of interest?
Editors over 40 at my company are unceasingly paralyzed with fear of SEO, keyword tagging & social media use.
Do you need a second opinion?
Heya what's up?
Pierre escargot.
Noted.... Im just getting off. Soon I get 2 the house & out the shower I'm gone call. For the record tho; I haven't got a call
Soon. RT : Over/under on when they stop having FoxTrax up for every pitch?
i love ur long hair will u marry me maryse ?
party rock. im actually on twitter. like on my laptop.. woot. hello world(:
If they ask me 1 mo time, when I'm gonna use this bubble bath!!!
Women know how to fake smiles. Men know how to fake feelings.
On the break both to go
Bout to head to tha game
what is ?!
yes Bella dog you've been hacked :( I rcvd the message too
R.I.P Joe Frazier
i know it's insane!!!
Riggins cut his hair off?!
The Office = Awesome.
Why YES. Yes it is. Although I've had 1 lg cup of coffee & now moved onto a lg Mt Dew ;)
“: Putting the pro in procrastination this week.” <<-- I can relate.
News Leonard, Kim, Stenson tied at Disney Henrik Stenson and Justin Leonard are part of a three-way tie at Disney in the fin
That's false marketing like a weave that looks too real
Google plans to launch a music service in India to help users search for legal online streams & downloads to combat rampant digital piracy.
sweet its always a good time at #FatFalfas maybe will join us Saturday night for cheap beer and movie
Could you set your viewport to 640, and just multiply all other dimensions by 2? Hacky, but might work.
Okay then if not Vinny is a cute Llama!♥
Hope everyone had a fabulous weekend! What did YOU do?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 18
idk if will be okay with this he might spear you and take you back to his tribe
OH NO HE DIDN'T. Chris Lynch, CEO of Vertica (recently acquired by HP) just connected Lady Gaga & velocity
Thank you!
Keep an eye out for Pluralism & Unity board's new program FULL DISCLOSURE, launching November 7!
You hot sexy guys out there should follow this chick... me, so go follow :)
well, I'll take what I can get.
me too!
IF THIS COUNTRY'S GOV. IS OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE THEN WE CAN'T BE BROKE, THE COST OF THE CAMPAIGNS PROVE THAT!! lol !!
Got a cake 4 my bday, someone takes it without asking, shares it and leaves me with none
Me. If that even matters.
"Imagine" by Jonah Lehrer. It's about creativity, pretty interesting, easy editorial tone.
no and believe me...I've got a good reason.
Thanks for RTs!
i need my cousin sheem to let me get that id damn
Great events meeting with today. BIG stuff coming this Summer!!
Early crisp morning w
RT : How much Dirt is there in a Hole tht is 2 feet by 3 feet by 4feet???? (There's no dirt, it's a hole!)
for WTF Wednesday with $1500 to give you. Come kick it if you looking for a party!
Really enjoyed my day ...went to two church services n thanks to sum friends ate good been a blessed Sunday, wats gud twitter
My biggest remodel is she is beautiful, talented, and AWESOME! Somehow I wish I can somehow I could meet her just one day
Lying to me?
lol! u right though
#BestPickUpLines "I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?"
Consideration: wireless access--other devices were not allowed on the network (on lockdown)
At the Kingdom of the Sun watching hoops. Always trying to find players.
Q: how to make donors feel appreciated? A: communication outside of asking, explicit thanks, building relationships
it's funny. I never got a message but just saw this. Probably because we r on diff planets
I have no words for this. Y'all are crah-zeeeeee. But happy birthday, either way ;)
Tonight im performing @ the world famous comedy store 8433 sunset blvd. In the belly rm shw @ 9
o Nap Wednesday. Let's make it official.
$5 Pubwhiches all day until midnight! Choose form one of 10 delicious sandwiches like the Salmon BLT, Veggie Cheesesteak or Rueben!
If Twitter and Facebook were school subjects, my parents would be so proud of me.
I would be in for rounding up some DC bloggers for #thingsimafraidtotellyou posts..breath of fresh air!
They call me dr. Feel good
Happy Halloween!
The stone was rolled away from the door, not to permit Christ to come out, but enable the disciples to go in. Peter Marshall.
Okay it's bed time for me! Thought I could pull an all nighter but apparently after five days of three hour sleep my body decided To sleep
Dawgg, U Fucking rule!!! I Worship You!
We'll post it in our events :)
Bahahaha!!! I love it!
I love watching Go #snowboarders Andy and Tommy!
morning! How are you doing this morning?
amen! It's getting old
Any word on how many living Medal of Honor recipients there are? 60 has to be a large %age.
Good weekend, my brother. Macadellic on repeat. I'll get at you soon, gotta get this graduation ceremony down in the record books
triangles are my favorite shape
THANK YOU! If it weren't for pink bats, I would never know about breast cancer!!!!!!
Apple has only 8.8% of cell phone market, but accounts for 73% of cell phone profits. So why has their stock been going down?
#askthechief. What is law on unconcealed carry?
Fuck Valentine's Day :|
lol well thanks for being concerned...I think
Hate netflix
Mary Poppins is a TT! LOL. When I was little, I used just to sit there and watch it again and again all the day.
"What is your long term pension plan?"
the tweet I responded to was an angry one... someone obviously pissed you off haha
Aw, you couldn't have told me earlier? I just bought some. But I guess I can still return it.
The girl who made my sandwhich sucks ass at making sandwhiches
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
well i was supposed to go to california/L.A on the 20th, but amazing news, we're leaving friday after schooll. i'll be gone till Febuary!!
It's good thing I am not court side right now! :)
Curiosity piqued and peaked (and plateau'd). You'll let people know once it's ready?
Thank you Kodesh!
My score is 27. I improved it by 14 points over the past 30 days! ~ This is pathetic I think I like Klouchebag better.
4 DIY Compost Bins You Can Build in One Day VIDEOTreeHugger - bins
Dropped passes were a killer to K-State
that was a dumb statement considering bane is in it. Bane will steal this one just like the joker did in last one.
eff that. Don't let other people determine your self-worth. Best to learn that now instead of later.
Please follow me ?:))
Wassup cuzzn how you been...Aint seen you n a while...
Go follow my twitter buddy !!!! :DD
Sweats today ?..yep
Going to see Jane's Addiction & The Duke Spirit tonight at Bass Concert Hall. It should be a fun show that won't make me feel old, right?
Welcome! Followed you over from Twitter. We LOVE beardies! :)
Thanks Tommaso! I hope you are well and we can catch up soon.
What makes celebs think of their music videos? They're always so rare.... High?
Much less dramatic, "The Brazilian Lieutenant's Woman."
Where are you guys? Your website is being taken over by the spammers. Come back to us!
Sorry if you got spammed by Facebook about our page yesterday. We tried a new feature of FB and it may have sent multiple emails.
don't hate the Heights ... we got it all!
can't believe i'm going to visit colleges next weekend. i still feel like a little kid lol
i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha
Im having a good week but could u make it the best week EVER and reply?I <3 you so much!ur such a inspiration!
Just signed up for . Should be fun time in sunny St. Pete, FL. Will be my 4th conference this year!
your so pretty <3
Gettin it in @ 24 hour fitness. I am really not feeling this...BUT I gotta do it..
Happy birthday(: can't wait till next weekend;) #partytime🎉
Absolutely but not the way it feels divided. Politicians run on a platform of fighting the opposing party. What good is that?
Off soon to Facets Multimedia for free screening of imprisoned Iranian director Jafar Pahani's film The Circle.
Wow, that is quick! Did you stick to the 550 calorie diet as well?
but Harry needs to come back to new york so I can see him again..
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
Just waking up n da mornin gotta thank GOD...
you should follow
love the avatar haha
she is just tired..she's fine
i actually love this ... i watched it again .. you have me hooked on this guy .
“: - we are filming a music video for here on sunday May 20 - would you like to be in it?”
Late Night Snack Aunt Jemima Pancakes & Sausage, Made In Nature Dried Pineapple, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Breakfast w/ mom, second breakfast w/ and , pie by Sarah w/ , and snuggles w/ Eddie
i make the most of it
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
So, do the Knicks bounce back and win tonight? Or get drilled again by the Heat?
miss you guys! I'm at 55th and madison now! Come to midtown and save me from mediocrity!
Damn, I don't remember Battleship ever being that cool.
one time I showed her a picture of my nephew, and she said she wanted to punt him across the football field...
I hope you find someone else that treats you nice, opens doors and pays the check :)
Hopefully we'll get to see you next Tuesday, if not before then!
Monks make common cause with Shaker Village - Concord Monitor
We have the "my Big Fat Greek Zombie " burger !
Do we have any fans who live/or would come to a show in PA, MD, DE, CT, VT or NH?! Let us know!
where are you from, girl? I'm following you, follow back? :)
I just love seeing them live and so will u now that u got the ETF bug.next show tweet me and we will meet up and
Any gigantic headbands Blair Waldorf style. Ugh I hate them.
Once there was a focus on pure motivation -- the rah, rah! you can do it! -- which is rather old school right now
o my gosh. You should have just seen how terrible it really was. Ruined the entire grammys
Thx for including me in your daily :)
it's kind of supposed to be awkward...it's also often the only time in a service that the (cont)
forgive, but never forget
Get a job. Go to school..Smh RT “: Lots of kids out here who should be in school. Lots of adults, too,hanging out. #ROC”
“: I hate when pencils have the erasers that just smear the writing. What's the point? (pun intended, I guess.)” Punny.
Yes! And out in the open too. RT : people still use Blackberry?
Phil Knight just read your Tweet and said no need to show up Monday. RT : Man I can't stand Duck fans.
Lil B really said the booty tasted so Nutrious. And that it was TASTY!! YUMMY!! SCRUMPTIOUS!!
For sure. This one is sponsored already so if they are cool with providing the space, we can update location.
"Success is dependent on effort." ~Sophocles
"All you need in the world is love and laughter. That's all anybody needs." August Wilson, born on this day in 1945
At school ready to get home so I can send dis girl dis beat to sing on :P
Just had a GREAT conversation with from Thank YOU so much for sponsoring our amazing #twSEA event!
Thanks Doug.
They're inside man! They're inside man. ...MAN.
Spending time with my princess >
Sadly, I'll have to leave for work soon.
Back home... waiting for bags at SFO.
GET.IT.DONE.SON!
Just can't stop bringing reality into the overly giddy discussion can you?
I wanna have a good chat with somebody! Blah! I'm too overworked. No time for socializing.
On way home now uh cause we have three year old :)
Awesome! “: Join Dollar Per Month with me. Make a small contribution each month and help change the world.
Love that my daughter refers to her V-Tech learner as her iPad.
she replied back!!! I'm fucking dying xD
lol im down... we can tailgate and pregame potluck... start a new tradition
“ “ Why does Gucci Mane's bottom lip look like a sidewalk?””
Lol but I dont understand the doubt! Yeah, Im about that life!
The ladies higher than the Sears Tower!!..lol. Well they celebrated well..lol
yeah for my bday, you should come through, i know you can use a break from tucson, haha
Feeling tired and Unmotivated today!
Thanks for sharing! Have U entered yet? :) RT: Sunbelt Snacks Giveaway: Enter to Win a FREE Granola Cereal Prize Pack (50 Winners)
I read them
I learned that a "drop" is 1/20th of of a cc. It turns out that US units it's 1/60 of a dram, and in UK 1/20 of a scruple.
anna wintour is my queen!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Hell yeah F Man U
My trust takes a while to gain, and is nearly impossible to REgain.
's piece for soprano (also playing piano) was exquisite. you would have loved it!
Doesn't matter the time of day the staff is always friendly! RT “: What is your favorite time of day to shop at Sprouts…and why?”
Pics or BS on that one. :)
I mean, in particular, alone in this world
This dog is going to make me scream
someone who likes 2 skateboard and im just following people
Breakfast tacos are the way to go
Went out to the beach for a drink and some live music. Ended up in a millionaire's boathouse playing music. Is this real life?
At church with Kristal Nyguen and the family :D get at me lol
Crow should be a starter based on what? they tried that, he had a 6 ERA, in AA.
made my Pinterest post go viral! Thank you for your help!
Replace Karl w/ Simon Pegg and #idiotabroad could be a movie.
Lol dont see anything boo ;) jkRT : lol you know how boxers have a front hole O.o ......... *takes DP down right away*
ah!!! He's a dance dad at heart! He will need to get in line behind the minis for a photo! Ha!
just catching up -- glad the conference went well! Congrats on the positive feedback!
i agree. I love Jimmy Page, along with Ted nugent and others.
#BoyzAreBack OMG THEIR BACK AH I THINK I' GONNA DIE!
Happy Easter everyone :)
People ask me what I'd most appreciate getting for my eighty-seventh birthday. I tell them, a paternity suit.
What have you been up to girly?
Dawg U need to come to the back of the bus tomorrow morning we need to show out again
tech attorney says a typical line to her cool-new-idea clients is: "You say data, I say breach."
Do you think Above The Peak should scrap wordpress and get onto tumblr?
RT : I didnt realize how white trash kokomo is.
I bowled a 156! But, really, who's keeping score.
Omg most hilarious SNL I've seen a while, every skit is on tonight. Lol
oh yeah! I forgot!! Have fun(: and we can do it whenever you have time! Just let me know!
oops. That was supposed to be tornado. :)
what happen???
I like your middle name
if you could only answer my Dms that would make my nifht better!!!
We are losing our top chef Christine Gallagher today. will miss you Christine. You're the best! Good luck.
Connection between business development & people finding jobs-who knew? But some still don't get it-any good stories out there?
Confess now, and here, if you have ever purchased something from J.Peterman. Owners of Mongolian horse-hair vests want to know.
ooh just look up where the county is and then see if it shows a map and we'll put the battle somewhere in the county
we're all anti-theory, u know?
Happy Easter and Passover Green Room! Is anyone celebrating this weekend? What will you be up to?
What kind of salad?
Let the April fools pranks begin!!
hey are you free this Sat?
I'm awake. That's a start.
Really love the new Lisa Marie Presley songs.And just read that she worked with Richard Hawley who i luv, on some of them.
-.- being pinned on the bed. And, he still doesnt like you?
on average, how much does a booking cost?
Filming a video with right now. Super excited for this shot!
We are looking for a donation of a gas stove for our Middle School program. Please contact us at (561) 533-9917 if you can help
you better make sure that you can pick up 02 2mar enjoy yourself
come on defense. get that ball out of there.
Working all day...true money gettaz over here!!!
AHAHAHAHAHA! You don't even know how hard this made me laugh! Are you surprised???
lolz when i had heard #wizkhalifa and #mindlessbehavior om #BE Tawards11 i fell hard on the floor
Credit score is perhaps the most important component in determining one’s mortgage eligibility.
lalalalaaaa AVENGERS TONIGHT. finally getting in the loop
Pilsen Community Market with
and I thought you gals were friends
“Content is King!” - Bill Gates
I only get excited about the Superbowl when years the Niners DIDN'T get to the playoffs. I still feel the Sting...
Great game ADS!!! Bring on the Heat!!
I am His! He is mine!
Thank you for talking some sense into me 4th period I LOVE YOU.
#WHITNEY HOUSTON WAS THE GREATEST..... YOU WILL BE MISSED!
its beautiful!
What's your favorite spot on campus?
Good luck
I LIKE CATS! They taste like chicken
because I know I don't have a cold, only a sore throat & I had a fever earlier :( whats the cure?!
Brie Loskota says "I was actually 12 (in '92) and I am 32 now." Just like Manuel Pastor!
Likewise! I love your message - very important! Have a wonderful weekend!
Tomorrow night's showcase at Gypsy Cafe closes out a month of 10 events for Songwriters in Seattle! More fun to come in October...
some models are ugly and always remember "fuck the naysayers cause they don't mean a thing" 311 brings good vibes
so fake big Sean
sweet dreams.
Back in lex and waiting for my date to come pick me up :)
We've extended the deadline for poetry submissions to midnight! Send 'em in. <100 words, <2 submissions/person. Topic:"the first."
Very important, ninja skills have surpassed bow hunting skills as of late. I would like social goodness! Womp!
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!:)
check out & 's remiz of #BothOfUs its brilliant (:
Really could go on a tweet rage right now, but I'm just not feeling it.
If someday an out-of-his mind guy decides to propose to me....the proposal has to be over the top, fa'sho
EW. I HATE SCHOOL. #summer #summer #summer!!!
huts and people with spears and they have witchdoctors instead of hospitals. They also think that we're better off because
I just started reading Hair Story: Untangling The Roots of Black Hair in America. I hope it is good.
“: 🎉 rock is in the 🏠 2⃣🌙, everybody just have a 👍🕑. #LMFAO” Spots Dance 2012 haha
i honestly dont like the timeline on facebook
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Work is for sukkas!
Mafalda? R u there?
GOOD MORNING BABY
Im like an onion, I make you cry.
What are you most excited about at this year's Kihncert??
But first, walk around to all of the rummage owners and collect some coin since people will be buying more thanks to you!
Thanks for the clarification! Hope you're enjoying #ideadetroit!
I already answered before as Swe/Ger hybrid for "breadbasket" as far as I can tell.
"Don't settle for Christian. Be salt. Be light." Thanks to Andy Stanley for this message. Happy Sunday everyone.
LOVE that song!!
Grading Arthurian-lit test. Standard "gotcha" question: who steals Guinevere away in Layamon? (It's only Lancelot in later works.)
SURF REPORT: 04/06/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft thigh to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 59-61°F
I wish I was good enough. :'(
was it mario?
Ann Arbor is beautiful in the spring.
Hour nap. Then job interview.
Taking applications for a volunteer leadership position to organize tutoring for foster kids in OKC metro area.
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can. -Jimmy Carter
Talk sh** get hit
“: hello my Frenchy missing you :-)))) big kisses”missing you too my beautiful friend.
Nah, it's over anyway. ;) Ha.
is it safe to say that he won't be living in 10 years let alone 50? something just screams
Last night I made a Google+, & a myYearbook.
Getting really jelly that my favorite people and are out with out me
Leaving for the #brewer game - if ur going, maybe see u there!
I love the blind side. Probs a new fav...
!!! “: I am ready to get this day over with”
hope you had a wonderful day! <3
i'll admit it, i'm an asshole, not an antagonist.
Common mistakes of amateur writing at the craft level? What a short story (vs a novel) should accomplish?
Neva had a headache like how I have right now...........
Why do I always mess shit up ..
Sure. That and a tube of Super Glue would do it. Great Luck on the final, then we do the SwanBoat!
Arizona abstract artist, Tim Hovde, is always looking for exposure through galleries & museums, please contact me - www.timhovde.com
it happens!
#SPED grad work should include a course on data collection. How to do it and why it's important. Many teachers lack training in this area.
you never fail to make me laugh
i keep telin that he not makin it to 2018
holy drunk ex boyfriend text that was a fucking mistake
You are welcome ! I'm a girl ma
where you been bro
turn on the AC cheapskate.
Ebooks aren't print books...but we sure treat them that way. Especially when looking to revise US #Copyright mandatory deposit law.
Okay Lamborghini mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your Mom to some Do Hwa :)
Great to wake up & see your face this A.M. You have a nice voice, too. Take care of yourself.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!! I know your ready!!
I stand for what I believe in and do not censor myself, I don't give a fuck how other people take it.
good tape. cant wait for the next one
Our webcam lessons allow even private guitar students at our LA studios keep up with their lessons, even while on vacation!
He's great. What a fun night. Felix CG to top it off maybe? Hope so.
Wouldn't miss it! See everyone next month.
BOS G Ray Allen (ankle) is listed as doubtful for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Hawks.
meatballs prepared with love.
Have we seen the last of Stan Van Gundy?
- you get em?
START NEW YEAR W/ $$$ STOP BY GET FREE LOTTO TICKET! ENTER VALENTIMES DAY DRAWING ! FREE ! WIN MK WATCH,MASSAGE SESSION, WIN CATIER LOOK !
just found out he has two hours of standup on Netflix
Mom I want to be just like you one day. You know make a good breakfast! My 7 year old son.
go hang out at slick rock at the end of the day.
very true good point. As a coach which 1 of the 3 do you have him defend to keep him out of foul trouble and fatigue
Nice way to start the weekend. Ten mile run followed by a dip in the pool. Funny how your thoughts can go on those long runs. Productive.
What the fuck is going on in #silverlake ? There are snipers on the buildings and no one can get in or out of certain neighborhoods...
Very neat Chanele. Simple and pretty.
Never reject anybody in ur life because good people give us happiness & bad people give us experience !
Going out for a change.
' #OccupyUSA Not in my name! #TroyDavisLives!!!
I got you
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women in my life! May today bring great joy to each of you!
thanks for your support. Look out for our second issue coming out soon!
Last day of summer vacation. :'( I'm am very SAD
I can't feel my nipples!!!
Feel free to bring it and ....
Love the new single!! Your voice is incredible ;-)
My foot is asleep.
Small line putsode Verizon store for Thunderbolt.
thanks for the invite
For all my friends that can no longer find their pop-up Haggadah in time for Passover (or is that just us?), the has arrived!
So happy about/can't wait to meet baby Lewis!!!! , we're aunts and uncles!
no problem! imo the dvds with hebrew subtitles r good bc u can pause / look up words. helped me maintain comprehension
Yo u gotta a baby on da way? How u gonna tell yo momma or did u already?
I just discovered the wonders of kale! It's awesome!
Great! I will have to brush up on my British pop culture to score any higher. Or I should move there....I like that option best.
Thunder outside, hurricane inside.
tweeting from the car while on the ride to church
Umm.. I guess that would depend on your definition, she was not young when she had me. over 30.
Great and yourself?
I need to go on an adventure ... I need to shut off my phone and get away from everything!! Who's with me??
Reading "It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be" by Paul Arden. Amazing book full of inspiration and thought provocation.
i love you so much! and yes, you'd be a very sexy chellupa! ;)
No, its not understood by ESPN//RT : Understood..RT : but it was a loss after a tradegy Erin...
had a great time hanging out with Mrs. Alan Lee this afternoon at MGM Grand.
nice sun chips loser
I will once I get one.😉
Just felt a TEMBLOR. Now to launch the USC DISASTER APP designed by the folks at CST!
Woodson out. Collarbone injury
some days pass too fast!
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I want something/someone to entertain me :)
Yea, it was definitely a helpful article and by the way thanks for the retweet!
Robbie and I are eating "Cuties".... yummy
Uh oh... Claire found "Angry & Unlikable..." by the local paper....
how many canoes does your father own? I'm tryna sell my van for two on craig's list....
First to worst 2012 brewers
Thnx! We have been getting great reviews! We have lowered the digital downloads to $6.99, if you're interested! Have a Good Day!
can't wait to see you girl (;
Drake week<3 so excited!(:
Indeed Principal Haygood is a YAH send! Shout out to all the great teachers at BRICK AVON Academy.
#BELIEBERS we are the craziest fans someone has ever had hahaha #itsBelieberthing <3
Almost bedtime! Heading up to the shop first thing in the morning. Good night!
So thunder is coming up.......
alright dude, good :) ha
How in the name of ____ did Team France qualify for the World's? They don't even have a shot against Borat & team Kazakhstan.
Let's go somewhere. See where it takes us.
GOD MORNING PEOPLE! !!
The huz made me breakfast in bed... beotches. So ha!
Do girls really like guys with Kalon? Really? Please say no.
what genius made this call? RT : Former Western Michigan University & current Packers star Greg Jennings throws the first pitch
Wishing all of you a great weekend. www.globalpointpr.com
Follow and much love
: arriving at JFK after weeks away to gorgeous weather and my first listen of the new Battles album makes me miss Brooklyn. Like a lot.
what a beautiful night =)
Thanks for the follow ;)
When life gives you lemons, tell your friend to eat them just to see their face.
Then call me when you're in the area, you harlot.
haha(: I wish I was going to see Austin in June)':
yup....they did what they had to
cool concept.
I don't get why it's not playing everywhere, that's stupid.
Wrapping a baby up in a blanket to where the baby looks wrapped in a cocoon shape!
same payouts - ive witnessed someone win $5000 AFTER i played. talk about a kick in the gut
Omg I have a smile from cheek to cheek. #cantstopsmiling #thankyou #youmakemesmile!!!!!! Ah!!
Tx for the input.
u should post a pic of your car!!! i wanna see(:
I'm not used to caring this much about basketball. This is killing me.
we had really good guard play from our freshmen, they're the base and the new guys will mesh well, focused on bigs in 2013
Well Dam... No Please?
Attendance in Cleveland 8135 ... and that's WITH the busloads of Power fans.
I'm so fucking dead right now my little brother asked my dad what a song was my dad said "Seduce My Twinkie" dead
follow back
Haha #veryinteresting ": “: Courtney is so fake.” haha apparently this is said a lot... #interesting”
I WILL KILL THEM, CHUCK!!! I WILL! RT : Bill and I just got hit by a flying cup Of beer
Hurt me with the truth, but don't comfort me with a lie .
"I'm just dumb, not malicious."
was it a post about yr kid again? If so, man! We would have had hits for days!
Angel was one of the most Amazing doggies ever!! Angel will be missed. I love you Angel.<3
must b nice lol
thank you!!!
Avengers is the best action movie I've ever seen!! It's a got to see movie! (:
My birthday is in a few weeks and if you would follow me,that would be the best birthday present!
He loves to show off that scar
In 1899 & 1900, electric cars outsold all other cars & the most popular was the Columbia built by the owner of American Bicycle Company.
Planning my "Carol Ann McCracken's McTupperwareness Party!" outline now. I'd be delighted to enter your home and "Seal in Sarcasm."
Uhm, what bitches?
Let's
come see The Bellmen
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The #monsterenergydrank machine is down! :(
RT : I am so happy the press conference and launch event for the "Status is Everything" campaign was fab!!!! YAYYYYY
what timing
I got 3 pillows on my bed but I need to buy some more. I love alotta pillows. Cuz I sleep alone :/ #MyLonelyAss lbvs
it's freaky!!! Your 9 year old sister??!??!she watches a lot of like... Bad... Shows
I had a blast today at Hunter Hayes Concert at 12th&Porter!! He is soo sweet and soo talented:))
FYI: & I ran the 6k this morning and had a super speedy, super fun run. Thanks for the encouragement!
I wanna play miss Mary mack Mack Mack all dressed in black black black
Beautiful & amazing tribute to Whitney by Jennifer Hudson.
Its not up to me anymore. If you want me in your life, you'll find a way to put me there
Gas prices are higher than my GPA..
So many siblings, so many chores
Hope you're having fun today!!
Outside Winter Park, CO.
Yes, I was puzzled by the admonishment of people not wanting to move to Nebraska or SD. DUH. But, many of my students are….
Holy shit. That is awesome!
& haha its not even my birthday lmao... alex i dont mind!! lmao
RT : Etsy was a genius idea.
next Wednesday is stupid, we get out early. TOMORRROOOOOWWWW
Unvarnished Company Voices provide reality to emp brands and impact their products and services...
Should an All-Female MMA Fight Card Have &quot;Ring Card Boys&quot; Instead of Girls? Fan&#39;s View
RT Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion.
No, balls are almost always round.
the episode should be called "delena" LOVE RT <3
#BecauseOfObama I realized the #democrats & #republicans work for #banksters and lobbyists and not the people.
do they need anymore people?
We cannot escape fear. We can only transform it into a companion that accompanies us on our exciting adventures. -Susan Jeffers
#henryville science teachers get to hand-pick lab supplies, materials to replace what was lost in tornado. See what they got on #fox59 at 4!
3 words, 8 letters, 3syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, one emotion,many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I LOVE YOU!
Kiperized for one more night
I do have to say,, Jeepers Creepers is a choice pick for a movie to be on right now. Thank you.
When did it get so cold again? NOT COOL mother nature
awww Happy Halloween
I almost slammed into the ground trying to do a tail whip on a 30 foot ramp gotta slow down lol
that's right. 1 day.
Good to have you back
every meal is always awesome with you! Was craving the chopped salad, can't get enough of that.
looking forward to meeting you tomorrow night, Sherri!
Done at the polls going door to door!
Traffic is cool when your car turns heads.
that Foster dude must love you.
I jus wana meet a girl wit no Xman issues..!
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
if i made a cover of me singing a song would yoou watch it?;♥((:
just think if you and brandon come back with all the recruits we will hang that banner next year man
#20ThingsAboutMe; 7. I usually don't finish things I start.
Get in here for the game!!!
.She would shake off the reference, but I think we can begin pointing early to and her contributions already.
logie is in the shower, jamie is locking up the boat, i got blake tho cuz i was stuck changing him...he had fun tho
Congrats to the John Jay Award Honorees! They will be honored tonight at the John Jay Award Dinner for exceptional work in their careers
If Austin doesn't clip me soon, I think I will find a way to leave him!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
Wow, we're so impressed by the check-ins at Polling places! #Ivoted!!
imma be in Madison that day for a walk. what time is the game?
Shoes weren't made for walking.
and we are looking forward to seeing you too! tell yer friends!
except for the gout, you mean.
Colleague: "Why aren't you going to #cwcon?" Me: "It's a long story and the word 'jerks' appears several times."
A1 I don't have a huge sweet tooth, so I assume all of my friends beat me on this one!
Visited Star Spangled Banner today at Smithsonian and I was moved by small group of children singing National Anthem spontaneously.
Ive decided to turn teh gey. It's a choice, right?
yeah but I look up and have no idea. My short term memory remember. Why do u imagine me in bed? I'm on a sofa :) eh? Eh? lol x
Thank you so much & !
Got back to some of the fans, awesome feeling. Tweet me and ill RT you!
So proud of BU/COM's performance in the 's #IveGotGame contest. Two teams of finalists, including the 1st place finishers!
Love Trader Joes
I better be seeing you at the party on Saturday ;-)
Been done tripping cause I already fell. #StartOver naw ill just pick up where I left off
I don't know if A-rod knows this but there is no such thing as a 5 run HR!!!! Just get a base hit you fuck we needed runners
Dine and dash with and This will be interesting...
cant wait for fair food.... hm
#Oscars #wine pairing: marinated pork roast with Traminette, gold medal winner at 2011 Tasters Guild Intl. Get red carpet ready.
Time to get our fat asses in shape Nightly walks are great<3
Eesh, I did miss it, unfortunately, but I'm going to read the book soon.
Writer's Block(-_-)
Walked again through Dupont Circle at 9PM,not snowing but real nice.
Tee! Good morning, lovely! Whatcha up to today?
And really cute!! :)
Spending time with my father in Mexico. He is certainly younger in spirit than I am.
I'm never talking with my retainer in.. Ever!! I have the worst lisp ever
I did. helped me out! Thanks!
Seeing the matinee showing for the avengers #cheapsuperfan ;)
Friends and family, DO NOT WORRY, there is a designated room in WPH for the administration to wait out the storm
Just heard a girl order a shot of frangelico and a Malibu with soda an orange juice.
At least I can say I stand for something
Well good day I'm outtie lmao
i havent seen u in a long time
Thank the sweet lord above it's a beautiful warm day on the Avenue, come to the B and enjoy a burger and a shake on our porch!
yeah, they are the bomb.
shut up Na
Haha that's great! :D i love twitter
Such a god weekend! Found the inspiration i needed
I haven't been DM'd a picture of a penis in almost 24 hours. WTF. /via
Can anyone explain the appeal of Taylor Swift? It boggles the mind...
yeah dude, you sand every single song that came on hahaha
Thanks for mentioning us among so many other great organizations in your #FF tweet.
Thanks! *high five* back at you! RT : *high five*
#kingofkings .... Take game one and don't look back.
k definately next game
its alright, defimitely different than anything else ive taken
So maybe I just fell asleep in the hammock for an hour. That's what they're for, right?
Grinding! You still down for this project?
Use new media tools wisely, urges Kibaki - Daily Nation
Gov Dayton has just vetoed a bill to allow people to buy more powerful fireworks...Dayton says he was swayed by opposition from fire chiefs.
In 10 min, it will officially be my Birthday. So as a present to me, I would LOVE for all of you to spread the word about !!
Move something!
Take us to school.
Two major steps in letting go 1. Change your thinking 2. Challenge your beliefs...the rest will follow.
Oh what a night!
just cuz we left doesn't mean ur better than us
yo mel-i think we need d.howard now 4REAL! wut u think-could it help?
Free Kiva account and free money to loan to give people their first Kiva microlending experience: goo.gl/qsRRu
is not a big proponent of leftovers.
for clarification: the press conference tomorrow IS NOT open to the public, please do not show up to the press conference
This weekend is gonna be wild.. I can't wait to see what all goes down :)
John Penniman designed the seal for beantown. bonus -latin motto translated: "God be with us as he was with our fathers"
When people start having conversations on your status.
Newt keeps calling the president a left wing radical and that he has been the most effective foodstamp president.
Leaves falling through light, Each agrees when to let go -- Blissful surrender
Satan is especially adept in taking out Christian leaders. - Michael Hyatt
Need to get the basics of using a computer? Try Gibson Lib's Beginning Computer Class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.!
Registration isn't open yet, will be this week. Separate course
Apple takes over the space once belonging to Kodak. The difference is Apple retails while Kodak displayed plumage.
They tell me I have a 176 million-to-one chance in the #MegaMillions tonight. So they're saying I have a chance.
Sang Frosty the Snowman & Rudolph in the car with Myla this morning. Cause nothing says summer like Christmas carols in June.
There's always duct tape..
Good Morning BF's
bring on the oats!
it's ok Stop apologizing
I'm doing that tomorrow. Gotta pace myself.
well done!
He must drive a BMW made in SC! RT : SEND ARLEN SPECTER TO THE BORDER WITH SOME BIRTH CONTROL PILLS
If he makes Milton guest speaker, he can at least get a tongue in somewhere.
I just got 2 people off unemployment and food stamps this week!! How? Vacant homes, 1000's of them across America equal jobs America!!!
I make u call me daddy, even tho u ent my daughter ☺ ". #DaisyLove ☆
Good morning my fellow country music fans!!!
pumped for learning how to accomplish world domination at this conference
Do I work at the library? Yes, but not if you catch me doing something bad.
Glad im off tonight kuz I ain't been to sleep yet
When I lay with you, I could stay there close my eyes...feel you here forever..you and me together nothing gets better <3
well I am good finder
Haha my bf has one...buy just for internet, he never uses it.
who is tricky T
Still can't believe Adam Yauch is gone. Beasties are legends. Huge part of my life growing up.
Game Day Notebook: Pacers put whistles out of their minds
There are blessings happening in your life that you don't even know about yet!
we don't have a specified date yet... When we do we will let you know
I'd rather things be complicated than boring.
Why must people who work at spas have the precision of piano virtuosos and the rage of Mexican cage fighters?
My fingers they inching they itching form that paper
thank you so MUCH. I wanna share the link off BHXSHOPS!
Damn when the sixers play again
watched the new GI Joe movie - the best part was my when wife sees "Storm Shadow" and calls him "White Snake"
Hey, remember that time the #Royals outscored them 10-5 over two games in Texas? Ah, recent memories.
Everyday, my heart breaks more and more.
Jesus rose from the dead and the Rangers are gonna win tonight!
Always just a tad disappointed when I fly thru DTW and don't get to go thru that psychedelic tunnel thing
interesting final four picks. Who do you have winning the big kahunas?
Ham Saturday!!! On it.
dude. I was quoting Titanic.
hahah who broke whose heart?! Did we say that?!
Chilling, grilling panini. Time for 6ft under...
Hiding from fests of all sorts art film etc in the garden however
Left is Right | The academic left’s intolerance - The Boston Globe
Do you have an Android device now, or will you be getting one this year? What influences your decision? What is the future of the platform?
#MoveOn does not speak for #OB is just a safe space for Direct Democracy. Thanks for keeping us honest.
RT : #FF some of our favorite smart marketers!
the NFL draft is not about selecting the best players. it's about making a splash.
fuckkk I know. -.-
makin that cheese, and smokin dat weed
I am on board, but if we start another receiver movement and we sign a special teams ace I might go crazy!
I'm being blessed with the opportunity to do what I love everyday. Dad was right, I have payed the piper his peck and now I get the picks!
THAT MUST BE AWESOME!
2/27/1776->MG Ward:Should the Enemy get those Hills would render it difficult to dispossess them—better it is to prevent than remedy an evil
ohh sidewalk and iPhone, the original Romeo and Juliette.... I assume the masons will be out to repair the sidewalk soon?
Yes it was! Love u 2! RT “: My presentation was wonderful....thanks to for coming support me.....love u”
are you a friend of his love? :)
Ohh Dear, I've got my eyes set on you too.
I think ima do major shoutout for al the people i love on twitter♥
The new Three Stooges movie isn't in 3D? Might result in a lot of poked eyes, I guess.
Huge fan here! I admire your gift and how much you help others! What an incredible job ;)
In NYC, that would be weird!
the book is about a mindset & even the movie was episodic. I've got Sorkin on the brain, but even still it makes sense.
Had an amazing birthday and I can't wait to see what this year has in store for me! Blessings to everyone :-)
Margaritas or Mint julips??
Gorgeous day out!!!
Club Curve downtown Houston every FRIDAY night 21 and up . Sexy ladies & great drinks! 410 Main!! Check it out on
Hm go to ur twitter sittings um RT : Itd want connect,!
Looks like #Santorum didn't want to be embarrassed losing in his home state. Good riddance. We don't need a president from the 17th century.
Cuttin Edge barber shop open all day tomorrow kids cuts 7$ adults 10$ all even. 2100 seymour ave. Best barbers in the Nati.
All that glitters is not gold. - Shakespeare
sadly, spending this beautiful weekend morning in the office writing lecture on the Plague. Ugh.
Sounds like a plan and would love to connect with you.
sick.tired.upset :( im gonna watch a movie and hopefully fall back asleep, fuck today!!l ->KimBeezy<-
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
Rob Wilson: the next Jeremy #Lin?
omg lucky!! i'd love to go on #Legna EU Tour
My son just asked if I'd rather be rich and depressed, or poor and happy. What would you rather be?
Dreams Awake won Best Feature Film at the Awareness Film Festival in LA this weekend.
ok Pittsburgh. Ok <3
The only time we don't speak is during sex and the city
thank you kindly. We have great photogs & I'm really happy if we can make their work shine more
Christmas ate 's phone :(
At the M Resort Pool! So beautiful! Waiting for Chris Issak....
since the contraceptive debate began, the leading voices have been men. Even Republican women aren't speaking out in support of this madness
Bruins PowerPlay struggles...Who's gotta go? Is the blame on coaching or personal? Call in 888-205-2263 to get involved!!
Successful trips too the mall>>>>>
How many bitchz have came at Kim 16yrs. later she's still making music&touring! U need 2 back off before u get stung by da bee
Gonna have to drink more #Starbucks for their awesome support in the right for equality in marriage for all!
HOT!! Awesome jewels <3
Never mistake my silence for weakness. No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Happy 2012! A new year with new possibilities!
Love the network-good luck tonight
it is so tempting! ;) Tweet ya laters girlie!
Thanks #NP The Carter IV since Ur tweets had it playing in My head
up to 65% off !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Develop a passion for #learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow.
aye' my nigga . Let's go jump trailer trash while we at it ( ;
This. Fucking. Weekend.
Who ever thought that Bob Dylan could sing?
That awkward moment when you see your mom after you get in a fight with her..
Truly nothing more inspiring than people saying "No, I think I CAN do that!"
definitely worth the matinee :) sorry i won't be at #cwcon, but between G12 and #rsa12, i'm at my personal limit for travel
Just saw old accord with back seat cut out like el camino!
. what a play! This kid is crazy good. Thanks for sending this back to Boston!
My belief is stronger than your doubt
why is this a discussion?! One could say why aren't there any Hispanic, Asian or any other nationality as a head coach
Loving this men's semi final match between Djokovic and Federer. Great tennis. :)
Back to back
Missing someone hurts, but knowing that they don't miss you hurts even more. RT
you must of taken that new youth pill.. lol ..kinda like the new bay its called the "new youth" alot of older rappers r using it
thanks for coming!
“: had a great time tonite as usual!!! #Cheers where everybody knows your name” appreciate you.
That sounds intentional -_- RT : Fresh can respond to everybody else tweet but mine smh
That was a VERY stupid thing that Mike Smith just did. Very dangerous slash on Brown
good thursday morning gmg1961, have a great day
you guys know if will be showing the derby Real Madrid-Barcelona on Saturday?
Just got back from a great workout! Feeling great for a good start for a Saturday!
#TripleDouble for great game fam!!! Go
On to start another fun-tastic work week.
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing.🎵
Oh my god he didn't.....l
great information at #utdgsa meeting -- and always excited to talk about upcoming
Happy Passover :) I'm going to try to be good this year!
American Haunting is such an awsome show.
Too many nicely designed furniture store sites to go with an ugly one or trust it is real.
We certainly do ;)
omg awesome!!! So happy for you!!
yes & when u do it's gon be the best feelin ever... I have my Trey moments just no 1on1 pic yet
Congrats #SFGiants on the sweep of the Pirates! Great game!
#KeithDuffy just walked into a door , granted it was in Harley st but that's all i know.
Seriously can't stop thinking about moving into a bigger rehearsal studio. Let's hope it happens tonight!
#OOMF always on some bullshxt....ANYWAYS!!! *rolling my eyes*
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals If you call referees "zebras" around an actual zebra, it'll bite you to punish you for the insult.
Thought of the Day 2: Heart monitoring tests should be provided to collegiate and professional athletes for free promoting safe preventions.
It's "LSU day" @ the schools- meaning you wear LSU colors. So why did Chase try to leave house in an OSU shirt? #truefan #can'tblamehim
Day 24: UWM's campus. In all its compact, urban, brutalist splendor, it is one of my favorite college campuses.
so glad it's the weekend. i had one student in my second class tonight. ONE. only a little awk.
No matter what I do, I'll always love you.
i Love Islam
...dont ya know son when it pours it rains, Hard Times. - Ryan Bingham
lol very true just dont tweet them. anything but that
If you have a need, work hard for it. Don't let others do it for you. Never fool a loving heart and use them to fill your needs.
just read that Justin Timberlake is a Packers fan....he is welcome here ANYTIME :)
yup. I'll be there by noon.
Well, that's one way to make "World Peace" a trending topic aorund the world. Haven't seen the play yet, but it sounds nasty.
While I was away, it seems that Roomie readers have nominated that Roomie-hater "Death" as the website's pet troll. I love my readers.
I think it looks fine! Are you doing a tall one? For a side bar?
Definitely a tailgate if I heard one! RT : Drinking a Boon Geuze in my kitchen. Tailgate?
Awed at the ignorance of ur callers. $16trillion in taxes?? REALLY? Sometimes cspan ought to ask callers to pass a competency test
Got my phone service back today, smh, these monthly payments
How about this? A student wants to withdraw from a class that's been over since January-rather than keep the F on their record
and joe_lacava Thanks much.
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
We should! you me cat and tabbz?
on tumblr yea
Movies start today-- the Grinch & other animations at 3, It's a Wonderful Life at 730. All tickets $5. Thx to One Source FCU!!
I tried those beef olive things. What have I been missing?!
Going to be featured on the artist spotlight on Jelli Radio! :D
Affeldt's up.
ah makes sense
no thank you. Don't like em
re: women workers. when i am in those spaces i sometimes ask to speak with a woman. just to see what happens. :D
That last pitch is when u know Tex is just Off. 89 RIGHT down the middle, and he fouls it off the Other way... Sad..
Jerzday in effect
&this is why i spend everyday with my dance girls
“We couldn’t be more proud of you today.” –SPH Dean John Finnegan
