Surround yourself with good people as often as possible...
you get that vote on boy.
pace and buzz is definitely smokin hot every time I visit the Palo Alto office too :)
Iced tea (sorry, can't resist!)
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
COMING SOON: our first video tutorial showing you how to transform paper prototypes into interactive prototypes that work on your iPhone!!
Watching the game with dad and :) .....
Absolutely! Any time you have any questions or need me!
finished up placin another two orders of #downloadcards cause that's one of #powwowjamz specialties
ugh. If i read a little more i would have known you are not in Austin.
Just getting off gotta get some sleep working in the bronxs tomorrow boston rd n 233st city shit really sucks.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Kind of embarrassed I laughed out loud at that...
so did you like the news?!?!?
you's A Laammeee Boy ctfuuu!!
he was on yesterday too??
Love it! I'm sporadic but excited to see what you send out! xo
can i get a follow back Or retweet?(:
can't wait to see this project unfold!
He found my reference to him through his trolling.
yes please!
ill take a look
Judge denies Gov. Scott Walker request for 2 more weeks to review recall petitions, says election likely to be ordered
It's decided. I will marry Tim Tebow.
Doesn't matter how many times I've seen The Shawshank Redemption, I get sucked right back in every time I come across it on TV.
I think I might feel better about Walker's lies if he bothered to maintain internal consistency between them.
We love !! Our favorite events coordinator
New cologne from banana republic. Smellin extra nice
Melinda is cool & a perv. We might be long lost sisters. RT jealous???? I knew it!! #pervstogether”
i love you.
Hey guys, thanks for the follow! If you guys every need any mixing work done let me know.
- Thanks! First flr deck, big enough to fit a grill, and leads down into the backyard. Can be a small yard, but well kept.
Auditions for Thunderlips and the Submissives will be announced shortly!
Its nice to have someone give you that "Butterfly" feeling <3
It's a brofest out here
Now why did have to go and talk about Steelers #distracted at
Actualized project or theoretical? (wouldn't be hard to actualize if play was an inspiration rather than actual prod)
are you excited for #BoyzHitDallas?
LOL! Dude, they will not owner finance. Though, you put 75% cash down, and we'll work out the rest.
I second that, no screen shot is no good!
She might be taller than me. I'm 5'3 so don't think the ball alone would be high enough. But very good to know!!
How much Will Ferrell is too much Will Ferrell?
I was in Charlotte for the swim for a couple days. We've got holding down the fort for SI in Dallas.
Happy Birthday to and
In his Micky Rooney-Let's put on a show-voice #paulRyan says; "Let's balance the budget by cutting taxes!" What could possibly go wrong?!
I'm so tired of school. 😳
I would now like to apologise to anyone in town who will see my driving in the next week or so... 2012 album has just arrived!
What can SAA and archivists learn from ARMA and records managers? A lot.
No sniff or sigh baby. I almost home :)
Oh kewl wat singers do u like?
TARHEELS!! ": President Obama attending a fundraising dinner at Vince Carter's home. #vinsanity"
my co-worker #DaneHansen hated ur show and now he freakin loves it....can we get him a shout out this mornin fellas
Great defense
Pierce joining his Celtics teammates in halftime shootaround. Walking fine.
“: When did you get an iPhone?!?! #observant” I didn't. Am using my iPod touch. I refuse to get an iPhone.
If hoodies make ppl look like criminals. then that suit, glasses and mustache can make Geraldo Rivera look like a journalist!”
Hmm, not sure why it was left out. Do you have a pic? Send it to us and we'll post it!
Oh no. Im not bringing pirate back, or out of my apartment for that matter. I hate it. haha.
Snow white? Wtf why am I talking about Disney?
And no invite? Lame.
A Hello Kitty airline would totally do well. Or EVA should license it long term.
Wow. RT : Senator Mac Harb will introduce legislation to end #Canada's commercial #sealhunt next week.
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch "Welcome" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !
damn. tired af.
We are the perfect spot for your Fantasy Football League's Draft party. Call Jen Town to reserve your private draft area 480-368-0369.
Yes i'm a belieber . You mad bitch?
ActorStuff: play your character without falter, from your soul.
why don't you work at the office anymore, I need to see you :)
The first person IRL to welcome me at Tweetup. Thank You and what have you done? ;)
I wonder if the medical marijuana crackdown is BHO's way of pushing #GOP to support legalization, because that's what's happening.
<<<<<Come out to #LaughAndSip support us.!
UFC in the great state of Florida. You know that is a great fit!!!
Give women and authentic welcome every time and they will feel connected and they will refer you to their peers.
is that you in your icon?
Our museum is a special place, and our talent is our educators! - Annie Polland from the Tenement Museum
dude, cant believe youre going to leave me all alone in spanish today... and lunch! this will suck
I wear this belt with everything!
RANGERS opening day!
relaxing, then starting the Halloween festivites tonight @ Haze Nightclub on the strip!
Thx to everyone who came out last night and listened to me speak. I had a great time. Thx to & Neal for all their hard work.
« Watch how we do yall this summer. Whoa!» Can't wait !
Wait what ": So wait denver is bringing in ?"
Lets fall in love & give everyone something to talk about. <3
Two guys were trying to impress a chick with their tandem recumbent bicycle. Her disdain was priceless.
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician. ~ Meryl Streep
I've always wanted to run on top of a running car like in the action movies.
haha dont feel bad i get lost in my back yard
Today is going to be great! Goodnight/Morning Tweety Birds! 😊
Vacation tomorrow! Well, a short one at least...can't wait to get outta town :)
If you could make one change to your current home, what would it be?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.. NOW GETTING READY FOR ANOTHER BIG ONE... INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES IN KENTUCKY ON APRIL 13TH-15TH
home. Have been in New Orleans the last few days.
hey! I have an idea, what day do you arrive at the airport in America..?!
Absolutely! Looking forward to seeing you.
#kids Spoil Mom with a Special Mother’s Day Meal at Sullivan’s at Sullivan's Steakhouse, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Show Mom how much you care...
HAHA. Noo I'm not going there..I was just asking:) well my hole fam had J names..
There are very few totally new ideas, but there are even fewer new old ideas. Thanks for posting...
O that's not good!
I get all the dead ends cut off at the end of each month!! My hair just grows like really fast. haha
Mentor Graphics Moves BridgePoint UML Editor to Open Source Domain - Generation NT (US)
Busy day of recording and planning - make sure you come to the December 11th show. We have you in mind.
#WomenWhoTech all speaking at
I think I might shave my beard if the Wings don't win the Stanley Cup.
Happy Leap Day!
# NF follow. Back
Just watched last night's show over lunch. Loved your response to your disappearing guest.
<3 love my boys
RT Looking for my award. \\ :)
FASHION TIP: 50's inspired clothing is IN -- tailored suits & structured gowns!
that's exactly the model we strive to follow. Thank you for being one of the people still trying to keep it honest and loyal.
but of course...say no more haha
I told Ryan to get me sonic... But I'm not going so school. I feel bad 👎👎
Glad you did too! Let's keep looking for (and thinking of) ways to support one another and the arts!
“ Friends & Family of Dree 6/2 Huguenot Beach 4 all day memorial. Park on beach, bring food/drinks/chairs/etc. RT FOR DREE!!”
sounds like a wonderful opportunity!!!! Have you spoken with you Academic Adviser about it yet?
Free of an unknown burden. I feel great!
That's some shit talking to yo fam not knowing he dead .... Until you look over
Happy Tuesday! Tweets today, are brought to you by
Everything is sharp. Cutting. Crazy. It's hard to get back into shizz...looking at all of the boxes on the shelf...
If you missed it yesterday -- Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Nov. 19th at 9:30am. See you there!
Arizona. Let competition between Kolb, Skleton, and Tebow begin!!
GET HERE NOW! PACKED PARTY..VEGAS' FINEST AND YOUNGEST TOTALLY NUDE ENTERTAINERS! CALL FOR FREE LIMO!
Shoutout to and #maengl! Model for social reflection space.
ru n to big woman
thank you(:
#Authentic "Self-Empathy leads us to act honestly,kindly,selflessly, and bravely towards others."
My couch!
Well my room is hotter than hell , Imma #Migrate to a coldest room in tha house:)
Tryouts went great!(:
Good workout
I kinda love nerds but shes got a mustache :/
I got 2 school, asked J 2 focus n explain wat happened Took me 12min 2 control him School struggled for an hr.
Touch Down!!!!
Double shift.
The Bieber family is great huh??..
Mom about had her knees cut off once by someone with a retractable leash. Ugh!
Video chat anyone?(:
¿what if i was shallow?
but its not the same ! :(
Just because you're on you period it doesn't give you the right to yell and bitch about everything.
Gave up on seeing rally...too many sane people clogging the National Mall.
Yeah, I mean he's never been anything more than average. If Santana is going to catch so much he's going to get worn down.
Yes. First they go mad, then they go wild. Then a late night infomercial sells you the DVD'd antics.
RT We know the #Lakers are gonna win, end of story !
Zach's going to be on this one yes but what about Mikey? :(
Right on! LetEmPlay.us
She got a nigga on the side just to use her, Lol
I feel like I am getting sick.
Is it wrong for me to get agitated that a bunch of painters were literally sitting on my car when i went to go get something out the trunk?
beautiful painting!!!! RT
their #madcool like
Workout today was a minimum 2 hours...innumerable thanks to my trainer!
What is a Brand. Can you honestly say? Check us out for branding tip and ideas. www.gseafashiongroup.com
I'm not sure I've ever had this much fun watching a basketball game.
This looks SO yummy!
Of course you're not in FL this weekend... because we are!!
Ops! I forgot to say GM to the tweet world
thinks Kennedy should just save his voice.
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA weekly! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
you are what you eat.
CUZ THERE'S SO MANY FINE WOMEN THAT MY HEAD IS SPINNIN
Bee Media Acquires Digital Media Technology Co Adcentricity - Private Equity Hub (press release)
don't sit back and watch. do something.www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com
“: When you give a mouse a cookie...” he uses it as bait to hunt for bigger cookies??
"keep your options open"
Does tea have calories? Leery of tonight's glutonic gorge-fest at Lotus of Siam.
I keep Pussy Runnin Like Ah Faucet
Glad to hear you were a fan of still true today!
Raceway Car Wash in Canby uses the FINEST ECO-friendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
I'm seeing lace, lace and more LACE everywhere... shoes, jewelry, clothing... you name it!
Clutch clutch clutch clutch MOFUCKING CLUTCH!!!
The hook is great. Everything else is bland in my opinion, but when the chorus arrives the obsession makes sense
Hear what I have to say
Just received feedback from my audition going to keep using this as a great learning process! Hope next round will impress!
i know more den what you think i do but i plays the background. simba be coolin . lol
there's this condom case that looks pretty legit
Yes we can! And it's in a few hours?!
Come by to see our new displays for Texas Writers' Month and texts that emphasize the social function of the written word!
You also..also check out to see if you are listed in our site under travel..:) www.ybocaraton.com
Not looking forward to explaining Deadmau5 in office tomorrow. Am looking forward to telling people how much I loved Minaj.
Thank you for following us, and supporting independent theatre!
Stoked. Just ordered the small (6 in) Pink Lady Apple Pie & an asparagus goat cheese tart fr for pick up at
Don't u worry abt her safety. She is in a hell of her making & nobody is gonna help her get out IMO.
North Central played their heart out tonight They playd well. talked too much. Don't forget not to fuel the fire.
Yeah buddy
Def. of blasphemy: showing contempt or lack of reverence for God. Just saw Nicki Minaj...how incredibly awful that was. I'm so sorry God.
Done with mixing and off to chicago
lol so I can watch it later
#Health #tip: Spend more time with giving people. Witnessing others' acts of kindness can make us want to be more helpful.
It's official, I'm moving to Alaska. #wheresthecoldair #itswaytoohot 😲🔥
Welker needs at least 70 more yards! And another TD!
I make myself laugh
Android Jones is brilliant
hey i love prince to
YES, please
You deserve best tweets to She's very adorable gives you outstanding tweets to you. :) #LotsOfLove ♥
e-mail rarely has context when read by 3rd party. Lesson far to many fail to learn, until this happens. Stupid joke...
" "you ain't about that life"... I'm tired of seeing and hearing that line" I really hate that line
#ThingsThatILike old school hip hop. that shit has me blasting my radio all the time
In Laurel, Maryland at the moment, just rode past the outdoor location of my first photo shoot.
what drive did you get? Just did a three day shoot where I would've killed for Thunderbolt express card reader and hd
Agreed! RT : The Stooges are one of the coolest #bands ever. Thank God for !
I mean... imagine if someone live streamed his 8-tabling all day (obv not a reality in poker) and very publicly did that.
thanks so much!
The 3pt alternate you speak of would "smoke" the competition, "light up" the hoop, and "blaze" the crowd.
lol, well we do have a second bedroom & I know you & Olly get along, & we can carpool to work! So sure, we could adopt you :)
I sneeze 3 time and good thing my grandma was not here. she would said someone is thinking about you. Lol!
my teeth! I want my teeth!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound I35 right before Slaughter
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
that's a good question.
I like who I am when I'm witchu.
“: The first 500 orders will receive inserts signed by the band. Each color is limited to 500!
ohh ur so nice to me :)
Of course I missed the only bus and my cab is now taking forever.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away -George Gordon Noel Byron
Eat at Cane's tonight from 6-7:30!!! Tell them you know me!!! The money I get goes to scholarships for campers!!!
I don't know how my boyfriend puts up with me. ♥
With the opening of Big G's pizza tomorrow, there will now be 2 places to get Mac & Cheese pizza on Clark St. Neither of which is Ian's.
I just love how nothing has changed.
thanks for following.
Just wanna let you know ... Ive been without eyeliner since Saturday -_- hows it doing in Austin? Lol
"What does king cake taste like?" "Flavored cream, fat, & sugar." : "M, my favorite foods"
Would someone buy me $4.75 Chinese? I'll pay you in backrubs
Your will to try must be greater than your fear of losing
Police say man hit in Uptown suffered life changing injuries. In critical condition.
Ah! Stunning photo, must say!
add me peyton112 on psn I need more people to play online wit
Fuck!! I'm completely off track now..damn playoffs
Join us for Mattie D's Tiki Tuesday! Hemingway Daiquiris, Cloak N Daggers, and a secret drink with Housemade Tiki Tincture!
They actually going to televise the second half???
Mr. Sun please leave .. its gonna be 7 already
damn I'm jealous I bet you're having the time of your life...
gearing up for #NaNoWriMo!
For tickets to our album release show , come see the band at work , , and
I always get a little sad at the end of a sandwich.
What topics would you like to see covered in upcoming issues of RiverViews magazine?
atta girl... Im proud
Could Nerlens Noel and Alex Oriakhi play together in college? Sure. After all, they both attended The Tilton School (NH).
Everyone should take 2 seconds out of their day and vote for my friend Ali Provot 's daughter for the 2012 Cutest Baby Contest .
absolutely. similar ideas rolling around here :)
My iPods about to die!!
Fuel costs going up 500% at one #Indy area grocery store. Right now they're eating the cost, but it could be passed on to customers
Adrian Beltre, 456 feet, think the hammy can handle bottom of the inning...
Today is the anniversary of the 1979 Iranian Revolution. Love and strength to those who are still fighting for their freedom.
Sister's softball game tonite :)
if you are up in #pdx you should check our liege waffles out!
What? Speaking of the gutter, don't you have something else to put on?
yes I can
ah, she's just #toy - ing with you. Seriously. Lots of little red toys on #GOP campaign trail today
Watching a storm with svr wx potential for the Midwest come Friday and Saturday. Looks to slip south of WI at this point.
Crew Tour AZ is a wrap!!!!
thank you!he's really cute.
Hello! Nice to meet you. Hope you enjoy my poetry
"Leprechaun food" Tiny Greens Tiny Green People food"
RT : Surprisingly enough, I am aware that I have a giant black mark on my forehead
Thank you so much! :)
get some Typhoon, in an hour's time. I don't really need to, but I will still rhyme. Free delivery from there with code NOV2011 at...
is my new magic 8 ball. Called the weaver no-no last night first time through the lineup.
Where are you? I could use an adult beverage today! Hope you are doing well, Whit.
56% of GOP think waterboarding isn't torture? Fuck them
#Texas you need a photographer? Here is my favorite local photographer. on.fb.me/kus0IF
Our names unconsciously influence our behavior
Tonight after the track closes, scout troops and sports teams will pick up tons of trash to make money for their groups.
I know how you feel! :(
He has already seen it & said he wanted me to see it, too. I'm looking forward to it! :D
Kickball champs!
I would move next door to you just to get a delicious lemon cake! ha ha ha
please do tell every one u no please i will put every game on there thanks again
not many at basketball today. people should show up next week
it'll be ok! I'll still talk to you everyday but I sure am gonna miss you this summer!😔 last summer kicked ass!
I would rip my heart out and hand it to you.
Have a Small Business that needs an Advertising plan that is designed specially for your Business? Send me a message...
Lmfao too bad you still do. Don't you lie to me.
LOL! doesn't it freak everyone?
A full day of rehearsal and prep for House Of Blues lays ahead.
To say "causing" is too absolute. "Greatly influencing" is correct because natural causes are involved as well.
Really wish I could have seen Jerry Greenfield (Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream) at UWM tonight. Night classes are killin' me!
Hahaha. I told my girlfriend we couldn't go there today and referenced that line.
Enjoying a Oktoberfest
In biology watching a movie.
me: call me crazy my nfriends: your crazy me: i didnt mean it literally
Agreed! Speaking of, my brows are outta control!
Harry the owner said FetFest had the best dungeon ever created at the venue! #hesaidicouldquotehim :-)
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Musical goes to... HAIRSPRAY,
Texas/Okie early, VT/GT in the afternoon, Bama tonigh - great day of college fball
#ResearchWeek Awards Breakfast is today - Congratulations, again, to the winners of the Grad #ResearchForum and the Grad Excellence Awards!!
always get ahead of the attack;)
Hard at work never felt so good. Can't wait for the 15th
I hate missing the train by a block :/ sad watching it pass and knowing I have a 10 to 15 min wait ahead of me
had fun rocking the #headshots with Dyal Photography! Only 4 more sessions with those chicks.
Follow us on facebook as well, click on the Adamouski page
walked right up to the window and bought our wristbands today! No waiting! Glad I skipped the line on fri.
I don't wanna go to work, I just wanna stay in my bed all day ☂
what a wonderful dog!
Feel like I want to cry
you too girlie!!
you shoulda like my background.
The Miller Park grass is way greener than the grass at Augusta.
I was dissappointed by the neflix selection, particularly, for the streaming only plan.
if you had a million dollar idea would you twitter it?
your fan club/street team is doing well. Keep up the good work my friend ;-)
*'s on improv, "It's so much easier if I just listen to the other person." Thanks for the interview this morning.
Rioters should be responsible to clean up today.
Last night was radical! Really an amazing experience to remember. ! Apostle; Papa G's word blew my mind and resurrection was power! (=
You know how my laptop fell off the top of my car onto the concrete in the parking lot while open? That was an expensive lesson.
Dean Got Dumped...On Her Birthday - I know. I know. It’s been way too long since I’ve written! While I would...
Don't forget! Intern applications due at 5pm. Visit www.guasfcu.com for more info about interning with GUASFCU
Okay, I'm started. I sure wonder what is going to happen to John and Eliza, so that is a good sign :)
Congrats, Ryan!
Can you take out a credit default swap on Tim Tebow?
That game killed me, and i'm from VA. RT 35-3? Bite Me!!! How bout Music City Miracle?yeah, take that!!
More World Series endorsement ideas: Tony La Russa & the Rally Squirrel for anti-fur PSAs, Ron Washington for Maalox
I have a very dear family member in intensive care that will be inpatient in the hospital for a long time. Please donate inspirational books
Europeans were never nice to the natives but I can't think of many analogs to the large-scale killing/relocation.
thanks for following (: I followed back
can I call u
We'll mostly be walking aimlessly around Paris. Look for clueless Americans with chocolate croissants smeared on our faces.
Arrived at #mla12 ! Setting up the book exhibit
Hurry and call 262-628-9121 to make sure your food is ready for the big game!!!
Just ate tacos C: oh yeah good way to start my day
thanks for following me.
way to go Therese!
I am donating a package to be auctioned off at Paws Hoorah for Planned Pethood, Inc. this year!
6 day work week ahead... Gotta make that money
You just got my vote from Milwaukee! Go Wacey!
MCA clearly did not go Axl re Rock & Roll Hall of Fame show. On the other hand, Kid Rock performing Beasties? Sabotage, even w/Questlove.
*~#DisH.O.E right here yo~*
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Another cup of tea. I'm becoming addicted.
you can email
oh yes
thanks! I will suggest that.
I'm sure nearly everyone in sports would rather work or play in Boston than Baltimore. You're doing good girl keep it up
follow me back lol
New round of phishing emails today that look like a complaint from the B. It's NOT. Attachment contains virus!
Will Captains of course. lol! Man that was a great movie.
Looking forward to having you come in! We hope to live up to your expectations. :)
#Wild claim #Patrick #O'Sullivan
Great to have a coworking space in Singapore listed in !
Am I the only 1 that notices that only has followers, he follows no 1. VERY CLOSED MINDED PERSON. He is to b pitied.
yeah, it is.. and I'm always glad to see there are more TVD fans than I thought :D
nailed it. Humility was the WWII generation. Narcissism is the minutiae of a celebrity culture.
All Architecture all the time = my mind ;) Thank you for the follow!
"Bipartisanship is not the opposite of principle." - Sen. Richard Lugar
I don't know. What's that?
My home is close to the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X streets. This pleases me on many levels.
Sure. Go ahead. ;-p
#KONY2012 - He recruited kids to kill other kids in public. #HORNY2012 - He killed his own invisible children in public
where is your hard hat? Vest? Safety 1st
just wasted a hour watching a "Tattoo" show to see one piece done... fuck outa here with this Jersey Shore shit.
Thank you everyone for participating in todays pop up. You guys rock.
Sutherland 7th grade girls are rocking this lacrosse game!
What time will you be at the CH farmer's market?
scale 1-46 how excited are you that Andy's back?
well u botched the spelling but yeah
Just ate at Arby's next to some older folks all wearing old school #UK Starter jackets and talking #CATS They weren't very happy either
If you want to see a rainbow, you have to go through the rain..
What a beautiful day! Trading in my office for a park bench for the afternoon I think.
If I could vote healthcare plan would be # 1 issue. W/O health everybody loses.
Wet Willies was fun ready to see all my loves graduate in the morning
Thanks the the RTs. Have a great day!
My sincere thanks to ... a great B'more/NY chat !!!!
Damn the lakers going 7 games with the nuggets smh that aint good..
We lose 10% of our influence for every month-that we have no contact with a client
better yet call me 2402811361
RT If You Still Up !
En route to signature gather for #SAFECA. 2012 is the year to end the death penalty in CA!
Wen u feel pretty with all ur makeup on just bc u wanted to feel pretty u love the way you look, your mom walks by saying you look ugly.
You know it! Woo! RT : It's going to be a pretty low key weekend... NOT! #IUBB & #SuperBowl - It's gonna be CRAZY! Who's with me?
shout out to my oldest sister.she b turnin 24 today! happy birthday sis!dang time goes by fast!!luv ya
and Taylor Swift did SO good at the VMA's!!!!!
Sometimes us girls just need to be wined and dined to remind us of our importance.
lol I'm sure it was entertaining!
Did anyone see Joel olsteen in the crowd on the voice?
"i am very very single" - austin mahone
we offer professional baristas combine to give any party or special event a memorable distinction.
Another day of dedicated XSLT coding. At least it's Friday.
Love brother sister time
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your phone quacks in the silent nail salon
Ah it's hot in my room
Going nowhere fast. We’ve reached the climax <<<<<< i wish i was this dude. killed it on
What a crazy amazing night!!! And It keeps getting better!!
she leans for me....
Miller says he's 100% sure it will be fine by camp.
Happy Anniversary to my Boo...19 yrs ago today we got married @ the Colony Club in Barbados.
Umm. A couple different ones. but its alright.
Man, is going on a twitter rampage right now.
Great to hear the turbo engines again! No rain,windy in GS 6. Big names on track.
You can't just sit there & wait for life to come to you. You have to go get it.
is getting talked into staying another night in Tahoe to milk the last of the snow and utilize the cheap season pass.
I need the deets on this show manana
I'm making it to Electric Daisy this weekend and that's final, enough rap music for now
42 days until I can see you again :/
Good pen RT : #Mets game notes - the Mets are 6-2 in one-run games and 9-2 this season in games decided by two or fewer runs.
heavy flow. Hehehehe.
u follow me?
The week I go to the beach, Connor will be at Chaos in Tejas. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO RELAX IF ILL WORRY ABOUT HIM THE WHOLE TIME?!
Everyone follow he's a beast!!!
why u gotta rub it in I think all deez laker fans had enough
Sparse group of protesters outside the Capitol, but plenty of free coffee.
Awww mama ur the best it was fun luv ya more “: Mommy & Me Day was FUN ! Love you Mommy ”
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses ~ George Washington Carver
that makes him the ultimate pitch count example.
In the advanced stage, bacteria develop at the base of the root of the tooth & attack the bone into which the tooth is embedded (osteolysis)
Starting to DJ my name is DJ B-LOST sounds sick huh o.O haha fact for the day SWAG=SOMETHING WE ALL GET wierd huh lol XD
Austin Powers: That's Dr. Evil's cat! Vanessa Kensington: How can you tell? Austin Powers: I never forget a pussy -- cat.
"It is never too late to be what you might have been" - George Eliot (writer)
I get what it is :) I'm saying what you going to put on it that makes it useful?
Congrats to Notre Dame, Baylor, and Saint Johns. What an exciting season!
rapper/producer/CEO lets go !! Lol
missed it...yikes.
Mom: "You are a shit sometimes you know that?" IT'S NOT MY FAULT YOU FORGOT I WAS WATCHING MIRACLE.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at 45th & Lamar
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Whole Wheat Bread 4.58 / 5 Stars | 44 Reviews by PETZDELIGHT "An easy basic recipe for whole wheat bread th
This is a test. We repeat, this is only a test.
Video interview with the directors of InterArts the festivals new operating organization.
Congrats for Employees of the Month Mike Samuel, Ray Leslie, and Adrian Chrysanthou!
Hey Try Their marketing chief is awesome. And their FB page is nifty.
You can't just tweet that without having to explain something. Fair warning.
Have you seen Avengers? Thoughts?
Really sorry to hear about your cousin. Call me when you have some time.
I think we're at the courtyard marriott downtown/pioneer square.
#YEE you have a cute smile
waking up crying because of your dreams <<<
no! Come back! I'll miss u!
No problem, just trying to give those who can't make it to the Garden a little feel for the experience
pack, unpack, laundry. pack, unpack, laundry.
Good morning world... Keep encouraging your friends to follow
": Me and my sister are officially playing phone tag." I DIDN'T MEAN TO CALL YOU LIL NIGGA.
. #followthursday or #ff one day ealy, no matter. Thx for the mention
I'm glad I don't have any friends coming to town anytime soon...this shit is getting really old and embarrassing for Tucson.
A Harvey Birdman marathon is long overdue.
It's the first day of Spring. Celebrate your senses. Sip tea, plant a flower, practice yoga, & celebrate the birth of a new season.
That awkward moment when you look at Accuweather and LA and NYC are pretty much the same temperature
There will still be those who dismiss anything LeBron does before the finals, but give the man credit. He's gunning today.
i love you boo :*
Wow! Your performance on #Castle season finale last night blew me away! Well done!!!!
I don't like reality tv shows at all. They are a good laugh but pointless imo.
Blogs, facebook, twitter, etc. Gave a presentation on this subject targeted towards agents recently at the recent Restaino Blitz that wa ...
the fact that they can't get a deal done makes me wonder. I think it is organizational stupidity, but ...
"My surroundings is always on target!"
justin on the news it said you are In trouble for putting something bad on here what did you do!?
After carting around Nikelle today, 9 months of that would not have been enjoyable
I want a nice Mcdonalds breakfast with orange juice in a hash brown
M.....blueberry pancakes sound good don't you agree?
You remind me of a boy that I once knew...
So happy that voices on like and have us up writing #code for #learning #programs that #work for tweeps!
I want my dreams.
I don't think it's possible today. I'm not a happy camper :(
Great teams never change their uniform. God bless NYY!
U Street & Dupont are home to 2 exquisite French bistros – Bistro La Bonne & Bistro du Coin. Thursday, say OUI to !
70% of adult Internet users seek online video and 40% of all users seek health info online.
awesome thanks for letting us know!
Dont be fooled... Tattoos hurt
Wdup son? i'm following you. no literally, nice jacket you got on... I just got some binoc's! What you eatin, b, looks good
I am trying to watch less TV this year & noticed I don't miss it. A recent study found when u cut TV time in 1/2 u burn an extra 120 cal/day
wow that *is* aggressive. , just out of curiosity, why #sellout?
Lurking behind , and in the CMS Smackdown session
Miami Music Week: Which Track Reigned Supreme?
When you have to stand on my toes in order to have a spot on the train, it means the train is too full for you.
Congratulations to U and all the women who co-wrote the book Million Dollar Conversations! ~ Solomon
It's rare to find people that have both the technical chops and the design chops. Collaboration is good.
#claymore was so good.worth the wait. I love miria.Omg.This series gana end soon.This is my fav, so l b realy depresed wen tht hapens
New Costume Optimus Prime Costume
We have all met Gogal Bordello.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
Thats what they're probably gonna do. And no i know im gonna cry like a baby tonight, just thinking about it breaks my heart!
Our Presidents Day Dance is going strong .... so where are you???
Antho already tell me
She is the shit.
To paraphrase mlk, the arc of the moral universe continues to bend towards justice. Only a matter of time until marriage equality is law.
try cathryn farnsworth. She is fantastic.
that surprised me! Interesting!
glad I could make your day :D
He called the wrong person.....
Work has been extra mean to me today :-$ long day x.x can't wait for lunch
Congrats Octavia! Yes the hottest guy in the room goes home with u!
Definitely could work. Otherwise, I'll find some sort of plow for my little Honda Civic? Oh, Wisconsin winters :)
you are welcome!
Why do you look so sad and forsaken don't you know when one door is closed many more is open
LOVING the new timeline format!!! What do you think?
#Dodgers won and Christ is risen! Um, maybe that should be the other way round. Happy Easter!
Sex aint better than LOVE but its better wen u INLOVE
Actually, that is what Gilbert Grape looks like
Bout to go make this $$$$
Turkey. Came to US for grad school and stayed afterwards. Where r u at?
we want to see my big bro
Watching Dre and Snoop. I feel like I'm in back middle school.
I believe he was in the slow class for real now lol
Now you can enjoy my wit and charm in 140 characters.
Reasons to be glad today: you did not awake at Stonehenge wedged between thousands of hippies
Just got beer spilled on my shoes. Shit's gettin' real at the Derby.
At St John's Church in Worcester for a memorial mass in honor of Britney Gengel 2 yrs after the earthquake in #Haiti - Details on at 9
Exciting week ahead. Wishing everyone luck, hope YOU have a great week!
Damn, I remember when it was always Jaidie & Elyshia ..
Bout to get into some ImpreSArio Artist Management company planning meeting, downtown! :) Awesome!!!!
AFTER ST. PATTY DAY SALE! FREE HEADPHONES WITH THE PURCHASE OF A VMS2 OR VERSADECK!
Cooking channel has exciting events for quick and easy meals. ******* Paula Deen
lol and thanks you too :) and nm...eating pudding pie...wbu?
I feel the same way! I want clean, white and crisp.
that is exactly what im doing lol. Daily. Are u ready to be done??
dont get an attitude with me boy!
Decisions decisions, what to do..... need some advice
I'll be home on Friday! I'm not gonna do anything all week except lay out... Interested? :)
Great day to be.
or a conscience.
You will know as soon as I do! LOL
Off to pick up one of Charlotte's most famous world travelers, and one of my favorite people, , from the airport. Glad she's back.
Cool :D
Excellent job paul...u go my friend
To continue the tradition of reducing waste, the is accepting coffee mug donations. Drop off your mugs & help keep AU green!
Upgraded my iPhone. Woahhh :)
@ this point, ANY SEX-that's good-will do!! :D Going to benihana later... feel like sake?...plus I wanna c the fresh 'do, balla.
Call from my day made my day
Don't forget to stop tomorrow after work for some shopping and cocktails! 5pm-9pm
Thanks for the wonderful birthday wishes . . . I feel truly blessed!
Get out of Your mind!
where are you? I didn't find a thing in town.
my phones on the fritz get on fb if you wanna talk
I should have more issues up in the next day or two!
One more hour
no...no you dont...kind of boring and all over the place...nothing shocking or cool other than santino.
two nights of insomnia. today should be interesting
Joan Rivers looks like Michael Jackson.
time should I be there?
great email. please lead the way!
iconic boyz who? OH. You mean the ICONic Boyz! Get it right.
Hey folks! was at last #shoptalkers chat, but phone wasn't sending my tweets. Hope it works 4 Wed :-/
they're pretty much tied.
BoyToy now works the closing shift, I still work mid-day. way too much time to get in trouble.
omg can't believe we missed it
Water has always been an issue in So Cal, but yeah, it's amazing we keep making national headlines!
We can't help you with the weather, but the city lights are still beautiful even with the rain!
Getting personal now aren't we Cameron.
I wanna go.
Tampa Trip give away is coming soon. If you've won this week, hover over your phones...
awesome! Opportunities this summer to use 's kickin' practice to inspire teen engagement. Can we promote U?
Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oh hecky naw that boy is raw
Good Morning East Coast Followers!
staying on my grind... come fuc with ur boy for drops or featurs and shows hit my manager up 206-888-8185 big mike
Yeah, I just instagrammed a picture of a piece of paper. Suck it.
Sunday NY Times mag is redesigned & recommitted to long form journalism. SxSW thinks long form journalism is dead. I'm with NY Times for now
ok im not gonna tweet bout bein alone in my crib and how no1 ever hits me up on anything but i will tweet how FUCKIN BORED I AM
Let's take responsibility 4 our own actions & emotions ppl-no1 has power over u but u.
The little things we shared are gradually disappearing and that's what scares me.
Your not using You're tenses correctly.
If you good at tweeting, you will do great working at the post office....cause this ain't nothing but a whole lotta LETTERS
Does Pacific Rim Fest have a Twitter feed?
": Let me sit on your face" what if you smell like booty?
Kiss Me, I'm Irish ;)
Beyond recovery or redemption; fallen or destroyed: a lost sole.
Unproductive. Changing that, then hitting the green street jungle.
lmaooo , it's ok you don't have to respond .. swallow my brothers kids while your at it though ..
Now watching Cosmos: A Personal Voyage By Carl Sagan 👾
One more day!!
Artician will be back up in a few hours
as crazy as it sounds, that could be the difference in the game
lol confirm might be the better word choice there. if i admit i'm crazy, it means i'm not, right? *G*
Girl: I'm cold. Guy: Stop complaining! Pretty Girl: I'm cold. Guy: Take my jaket… We can cuddle to transfer heat to your gorgeous body.
What happens when you're in full-on recording mode? You eat dinner at 1:20 in the morning lol.
Barricades of Heaven (studio version)
Why thank you sir. ": lol mad props to out of state broncos fans!"
RT: #Virgo knows how to get the biggest bang for their buck. Translation: Virgo knows how to make you orgasm hard with minimal ...
ALL-U-CAN DRINK. Tonight 9-1, rails and taps. It's nice out, nice enough to party.
I want to see Shutter Island so bad! Does it live up to the hype? I'd hate to be dissapointed by a Scorcese-DiCaprio film !
Girl you're hotter than a parked car
hey man! Could you email me your mailing address? Worr
Aaaahh all these Hunger Games leaked scenes, I cAN'T. I refuse to watch any of them.
Thank You!
» I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them. :)
RG3 joins Jason Campbell, Patrick Ramsey, and Heath Shuler as Redskin 1st round QBs drafted. Fourth time the charm?
its true I am the fun.
ZUZU Flan voted best flan in Austin
Check out headlining the STRESS FACTORY comedy club in NEW BRUNSWICK,NJ tomorrow night thru Saturday night.
The only person with any intensity is Ersan. I'm more active sitting on my couch.
This years New Year's Eve party is going to be ridiculously cool. My friend is bringing his bag pipes to play Auld Lang Syne at midnight!
Was late for a yoga class. Turned out it was an African Drum Dance class. Judging from the giggles, I bet my expression was priceless
Fabulous! Great to hear.
3 T's to equip ppl: Tools, Tech, Training | access to channels & community
RT If I were Jesus, I'd change all the water on waterslides to wine because how awesome would winoslides be?
Bloging... Its amazing what your fingers type when you let jesus do the talking
wish we could join ya....boo to 5 hour drives. Have fun!!
We'll see... I might ask you about that at some pt. I want some good headphones and some sunglasses that fit my head.
Bayern is a mess on D.
Helping May Rihani celebrate her retirement from fhi360
The World Series of Poker will hold a tournament with a ridiculous $1 Million buy-in per player. 30 people have signed up already.
Jamie, you are a goddess!
Getting ready to head to Geneoa city to hang with "Cane" post pics later
Congrats to H.D. Woodson Girls BB Team 4 winning 7th straight DCIAA Title by beating Wilson 61-18. DC Youth Rock!
Hey hey! Como estas? When are you stopping by our new offices? They're stunning :)
I Am What I Am not what i'm not :')
hooooo braddah and braddah , dem's #foosin words! black and yellow, black and yellow, black and yellow...
Wow, this weekend was both beautiful and tranformative. Thank you Cincinnati!
We are distributing in 9 states: WI, MI, MN, OH, NJ, NY, PA, ND & IL.
CONGRATS on the big #puttytribe launch today!!! Hope it goes super fantastic!!!
Funny - I am IN New Orleans!
:-) RT : Licking my paw. Tastes like nature.
In my callback, the director called me " a nut" well I guess at least he will remember me:)
that would be a great story for a novel.
I've developed an obsession with those WoodWick candles that make crackly noises like a campfire...helps me write.
T&A=transparency and accountability, to clarify
shhhh. You can't say that on twitter.
Finally cold enough to break out my new Miami hoodie... Thanks, !
No sleep tonight, way too good of a mood
The puppy pooped under my desk. A non-too-subtle commentary on my writing skills.
is hanging out with Uncle Jesse and the Tanners.
it really is a a good one...
Lessons from House: Being right and getting results is ALL THAT MATTERS. Be right and people can hate you, but still need you.
did my first cool lift today with #somuchfun :)
We need an Executive Producer/Film-Financier 4 FRESH-OUT 2 star a Compton Hood Movie.
Are you saying we don't bathe? ;)
Absolutely. We'll be working on this for a few months at least. It's a feature length experimental documentary.
Um i still know all the words!!
Malawi gets female President..
We don't want to use the instructor voice, we want to use the dating voice...
#onceuponatime is getting crazy!!!
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare
ur beautiful, never forget it!
Shower mosh: no regrets
Nerissa Myers gets a three-run home run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 12-1.
Sweet! Thanks! Just parked in the structure across the street. Be right over!
thank you for following me.. I followed back!!
I would love to go see justins charity concert. Shriners is an amazing hosptial.
1st draft of new pilot done in 2 weeks. Very happy with my progress!
privacy is a more complex right than ownership
I need a quote for some UB t-shirts and koozies! Please DM me.
Welcome to the latest and greatest time-suck! Nice to have you aboard. :)
All I can say is wow. UK looks unbeatable.
It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.
Who's ready to #win win win???
you better get a bus pass tomorrow. Or i will kill you , forreeeeeal. #whyamifriendswiththiswhore ?
Yep... It's about that time. Jello shots. Beers. And Call Me Maybe on repeat.
Morning cuzin have a good day
You dont have a job
It's a lot more than that bro. See you in a few months
I needed that. Thanks, lady. <3
thanks for your awesome help and encouragement. I will definitely be doing this again + again so hope you can stick around!
No problem! I'm pretty stoked! You're totally not who i planned to do it on. But you seriously, BLEW THEM OUT OF THE WATER.
at least he pays!
Of course this game goes to OT, haven't we read this story before?
so y my daddy permed his hair talkin bout if mama can do it so.can I.lol
RT : do you have current tv? there's a good high school fb show called #4thandforever. you would like it.
LMAO Big debate at the campaign office... you'll be entered into a drawing for a vintage 1974 "Brown for Governor" bumper sticker
#ThingsweallLOVE cuddling with that special someone!
Avi on point
I sure hope so!! Can't wait for future hang time (:
HI LIGHTS I LOVE YOU
Got me in this office freezing...so disrespectful.
Thank you so much, that's so very kind. loving your blog as well!
OMG!! Love this game!!!
Today in 1912 the first 2 cherry trees were planted in Washington, DC! This year marks the 100 year anniversary of the cherry blossoms in DC
" I Remember You" Skid Row...
Well then
hell yea! Back stage and everything then we'll go get our matching tattoos.
haha we're awful! But my goodness it's funny!
i dont even remember ihope not
I dnt really care if u dnt like me
In the hair salon and saw a lady with a university of Kentucky shirt. #gouk!!
En route home to see my boyfriend that I've missed so much this weekend!
Thanks for the follow, twitter not showin me love.
We transported some of your guest today. Please don't forget to provide our information to your guest. thank you.
Atleast Cena will be there Monday......
Done working earlier than expected. Time to go throw some heavy weights around at the gym and feel manly.
did you ever find your phone?!
Two days is a row? You're so lucky! Come check out our sample sale today at French Pharmacie!!!
I bet the 401k benefits aren't so good, though.
does that mean it has burst into flames?
#Gators win Game 2 5-1, clinch series victory over 'Cats.
Wearing a ball cap...I never wear ball caps...but now I do...and now I will...forevermore!
welcome back! Hope you and hubby had fun!
handy h1 records great
Some people just don't listen. They're always the one's taken so off guard when all of a sudden things are different.
Crying my eyes out :'( need someone to talk to!! text me at 1-916-637-4191
since is going to my girl friday`s show at webster, you should too !
Thanks so much!
Why does everyone want a twitter boyfriend all of the sudden .-.
Glad to have the day off. Meeting Andrea for lunch
- where you at bro? aint no snow in cincy...
i strongly disagree.
If you leave in houston, we should meet and become best friends yes that'd be great
The AAF-San Antonio is a resource that protects and promotes the multi-cultural advertising community of San Antonio.
YOU BET!!! are doing some amazing work here in Chicago! ;) Thanks, in part, to the Summit and Training.
Loved Obama having a good day. Scolding the press and getting in Trump referral as carnival barker
Met some pretty cool people at the YPC social committe meeting tonight and look forward to working with them.
I love the dirty looks people I used to know give me.
Casey Anthony is allowed to get away with murdering her child, but they take the life of Troy Davis#iamtroydavis rip troy davis
im listening! but #ftr somebody outta fire mr. excitement
Torrential downpour in Pune this afternoon, complete with lightning. Apparently this is the first real rain in about 9 months.
You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it! It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from
No, there is kicking, throwing, teasing and chair jumping going on during the nibbling. She's getting too big to catch in midair!
"There is no such thing as a permanently great company, nor a permanently great industry. But there are permanently great strategic moves."
don't know he f****n wit #realn!&&@ right hur
"You are headed in the right direction. Trust your instincts." Thank you, fortune cookie.
Business Contact:
I follow back everybody so use take advantage of me!!
yes! I called it..so I gotta be the God-father!! Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you! ☺
Time to make the doughnuts.
just gave me goosebumps.
after an emotion roller coaster this morning... I have learned how to print from my iPad! Wooohooo!
tip-noodles, spaghetti and other starches won't boil over if you rub
You don't want to miss the Reverend Peyton band live tonight in the Pier Bar!
my girlfriend CLAIMS her name is Megan. Please advise.
Hurry to #Xerox hall 8b at #drupa - the next special performance by du Soleil is about to start in 5 mins
Never Bite The Hand That Feeds
When will Chris Christie sign the bill expanding New Jersey's tax credit program for film and digital media production?
RT : If you run over your time at #LAK12 you will be heckled by the laughing kangaroo < which makes ME laugh, too!
Your son is going to be a star! Super chap..great fun to see him today!
How can the American people pick themselves up by their bootstraps if they cut them off and steal them? We need Change
so, like, hey, guys, is so amazing. and he sings so beautifully.c:
Talk about the 49ers big win, haven't heard from Espn on it so far
but there's a guy out there 'into that', no matter what 'that' is, really.
When hit 4,000 followers one lucky follower will have a chance to win a custom #BallSoHardUniversity sewn letter authentic baseball jersey
; i got the privilege to see it for free. :o
show - I admittedly cried. Literally - best show ever. Executed better than MEW who are extremely hard to top.
Happy Reading Day Huskies!
I have a habit of grabbing the 1st parking spot I see, walking 8 blocks & seeing 15 better spots I could have chosen.
Hey I thought of another good athlete named Kyle, Vandenberg Bosch. Though he's a Lion now, so maybe not an athlete.
I love it when my kiddo counts for me! :-)
For #FF: Best of the Bunch - , The Guild Cinema, Shoes on a Shoestring, Long Shot Digital, , Papa Felipe's.
Thanks for following me! Love you guys' mission!
At GO! When you text GoCity to 84444 you should receive a thank you message for joining! Its free! Stop anytime.
Any suggestions?
Tooth Tip: Keep it fresh: Don’t forget to toss your toothbrush every 3-4 months for optimal oral health.
Good to hear that you've heard good things. We have brunch on Sat & Sun. Open at 7 am M-F with free wifi
just discussed the beliefs in a str8 forward fashion including centrality of faith.
FRIENDS 1 of 10: Friends are like walls, they’re always there when you need something to lean on, ok now I'm fall like the DOMINO EFFECT =p
If I look or act like Billy Crystal when I get old, you have my permission pull the plug. If there's no plug, shoot me in the face.
I hate it! ~> RT : This show is so uncomfortable...but interesting...'Girls' on HBO
Berklee alum John Mayer "Here's your social media plan: create music that doesn't suck"
broke 15' dead log in half by jumping on it while it was propped on another log-other end flies up, hitting me directly in head
there's still a lot of us and we are not happy
#travelIn2012 New Orleans #check what's the details for Miami?
yeah I accidentally tweeted you that and meant ti tweet someone else ;)
you were wrong about basketball... You are wrong about baseball what are you good for and how do you have your own show???
Stop by my studio tomorrow I'll talk to you about it!
And all my cars got gas in the ashtray.
I remember being blind to it, til the day I put my mind to it
Well..... At least most of the time. I'll admit the characters have more interesting backgrounds than any other from the
Getting a bed today! No more air mattress :)
#TwSIG Some faculty reticent to use Twitter incase there are inappropriate comments and it is instant. So not requiring students to use it.
I'm freezing my buns off at this playground! Isn't it supposed to be May tomorrow? Where's the sunshine and warmth?!
Im sorry... you seem super stressed.... I cant promise it will get better... I just hope it does... You dont deserve this.
“: are you doing a comedy tour soon man? Come to or ” <Do it!
"Turns out everything was nothing, cause everything was me. To you, everything was nothing." Greg Laswell
Rough weekend for my And now Barry Zito is the stopper. :(
So The Wanted called Christina Aguilera a bitch and said that she acted like a total diva.... Well I would agree with that statement.
Agent calls me an "hour "after showing time to tell me they will need to reschedule!! Ugh!
I was hoping you'd say stop what... So I could say stop being perfect.(:
my boy Jesse doped up too smfh
Congrats congrats congrats :).
In jersey
I am checking out the #DallasCowboys pet gear now!!! :)
Merry Christmas Eve!!!!
Did JT draw up that play, too? :)
not that i dont adore you.. but i already got tickets to that show... im getting the feeling like i hve said to much..lol
SJMC students and alumni, join #uwrightnow Wed., 4/18, to document a day in the life of Interesting social media effort!
those people you just wanna hug, <3
Congrats, Beki! RT Just found out I was accepted into the Madison Audubon Society Art Fair on May 5.
Real NECN journalism alert! Wait...it's on sports. I suppose you take what you can get!
50% off markdowns in stores today! Time to pick up those style-savvy pieces you've been lusting after, for less!
is there a French version of food stamps?
how do I PDF the signed doc? Problem is I don't have a printer. Mine doesn't work anymore.
I was just saying with all the crazy shit that's been going on in Columbus lately ion wanna hear no more mess. I'm good though.
going on a random music youtube find.....lets see if i can find some good secret songs :) xx going in.
We "claimed" #steve for Doesn't stop those Steve Harvey fans from walking all over us.
Z has been making Ra-Ra sounds so Isaac has started calling him Lord GooGoo
James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva.
11:11 make a wish bitch
Jonny Lang is singing one of my favorite songs "That Great Day"
I'm wearing my Tyler Myers Jersey 2day, where's all the love? Need more Sabres Jerseys out 2day! BELIEVE ppl!
no problem man!
Shooting continues tomorrow with David Andres Silva Prada, Liana Afuni, and Spencer Lofranco
Import Auto Maintenance. Over 600 dollars as a first time customer; not even a car wash. Lame.
EB! Along with some Boyz II Men!! Come on ;-)
our inlays are different :)
Geez, it seems like this storm came out of nowhere! So much for a #beach day. At least we can catch up on projects.
Dear LOL, thanks for being there when things get awkward. Sincerely, I have nothing else to say.
Just a couple of short assignments and I'm done for the semester!
I can be put together like a puzzle, but the pieces may not always go together
LSU board fires system president John Lombardi
you're damn right I am.
i want to just stop writing essays...please save me
Robert Downey jr. is a very sexy man.
i'm going to start a board on my Pinterest page called "Stupid Shit People Pin".
Yeah that's true too.
I ♥ you more than bacon. Happy Valentine's Day!
This niggas barber needs to be fired
im gud too.... you own a crown on twitter....
yes y'all. Y'all got a problem with that? Hahaha JK. Yeah I just took a shower and we're going to eat breakfast.
you as well
he's still not back!? :'(
Happy Easter! Psalm 136: God's love never dies.
Sounds fun! So you picked a place you want to live and finding a job. Good for you. Aren't you going to miss directing?
haha yes, I thought it was quite funny! Best of luck in all your endeavors!
Haven't posted much about it, but check out to see what my partner Damect and I have been up to since Nov!
It's sad how I dont have a bestfriend
RT : RT : Thanks to those who attended our event w/ last night + our hosts - more info on future...
Great photo! Good seeing you last night, let's do it again soon!
Austin "you know you're wearing jeans but not a shirt? haha or bra?" jesse "she doesn't wear those, i'd know" me "what?! how would you..-_-"
#SignsAPersonCantCook They make you a salad. Cooking means cooking people. Not putting something in a bowl.
parmesan, breadcrumbs, egg, milk, garlic, spices. Cooked in sauce for 40 min. Simple but real tasty.
Three things i hope never get old: mumford and sons music, reading on rainy days, and my soul.
I love when you go bowling and your friend whose single gets hit on by a brazilian guy
If you know your mediocre, don't try to look above average if it hasn't worked by now!
RT : #scip2012 be careful when seeking your Legal Counsel's advice on your CI ethics, always conservative and could be hindering
Probably not, to tell the truth. :^)
“: why are we promoting it?” This is a great debate to have...
Durant walk cool as hell. Lol
you are a nut!
Time to watch some #MLSonNBC #PHIvCLB before going to the game
I'm out for 3hrs if u try to reach me, wait....
Stop being retarded
I double dip lol
So much spam coming to this account! Make sure you all are changing your passwords :)
It functions like an ad but is more of a testimonial. So instead of pushing out a message, it comes from a satisfied customer.
Definitely something to be afraid of.
should bring back Assy McGee. There's just something funny about seeing an ass carry a gun in a holster
Lord, Please increase my Confidence. Whenever I start to doubt myself, Help me to remember that You believe in me.
BarCamp Protip: Aim for a 15 min presentation to allow for questions after, and time to get to the next presentation!
Is Donnie Darko a good Easter Bunny movie for kids? (asking for a friend who is babysitting tonight)
I like that code!
Twitter's value exponentially increased by posting pictures of adventure abroad.
Congratulations to Johnson Central High School on their 3rd place finish in the state Governor's Cup Competition.
Working on an Us,Today website, finding a domain name that isn't being used by a news paper is going to be difficult.
I even tried call different radio stations but never went through! Every other website is too much money:/
#day #Apple #A A day in the life of an Apple store
Good morning cruel world. What's next?
Its Birthday and stood up all night just to wish tou a happy birthday as early as can be love yah MadBoy ♥
The law does convict us, for sure
I'll fight you!
It's a great tool for communicating with people with similar interests. It's where all my gymnastics friends are! :)
saw many cute dogs in Madison Square Park dog run today. It's so peaceful seeing the dogs play.
The best relationship builders are good conversationalists. And great #fundraising professionals use conversation to nurture relationships.
Looking forward to hearing Sir Bob Geldof speak tomorrow at the Response Expo in San Diego
trying to get out of it? You could always say that you told somebody that you would go watch them play?
Done. Congrats, bro!
lemon drop
"Cheers to a New Year and Another Chance for Us to Get it Right." & Y'all No who i am Talking Two LOL
At the game_!!!
yup. The 9th bro
Smug: We have the main ingredients for cacciatore, except the chicken. One of our fave cold-weather dishes. Yes, it is cold in Denver.
If he plays like he did today, yes. Watt was everywhere. Made tackles sideline to sideline.
That's it... my car is officially considered a total loss :( Time to look for a new car? This is depressing.
haha I agree with that. Could give him one for the last sb though with 21 on ir.
I didn't find out until last night that the show started a month ago!! Is there any place I can catch up w/ full episodes?!
thank me later...
why weren't you working today!?
S/O to my cousin for the way he complimented me today 💗.
One of the busiest weekends of my life.
there you go! Good win boys!
Is there anyone who believes posting MOVING TO AREA, LOOKING FOR CLUB on a message board doesn't mean "I'm a PIA parent w/ an average kid".
your lucky justin knows who you are an he cares ! :)
That's so weird. Perhaps the Twitter bug at work? I refollowed, try again please :)
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
to the rescue! RT thank you for a great evening & especially for Deanna gracing us w/ her presence!
i was going to save my 100th tweet for something cooler, BUT I CANT STAND THESE EXPLOSIVE SHOTGUN SHELLS ON
Really think this guy will last a while <3
I'm sure they're out there somewhere but generally not in music circles.
LOBSTER MARGARITA!! RT : WORST MARGARITA: Red Lobster Traditional Lobsterita = 183 g carbs = 7 Almond Joy bars!
I'm fighting with my best friend, my iPod is crapping out and idk I just feel off :/
The way you treat people is a direct reflection of how you feel about yourself.
Thx ! Every kid deserves a shot at Board Books...Chapter Books...and Textbooks, don't you think? rocks.
listening to my favorite
Many pillows are a ministry to the soul....
NEXT MUTHAFUCKA SEND ME SPAM IM REPORTING U AS SPAM
or I defended my team. But yeah ok. I'd love to argue more, however I have work to do. We can pick this up later.
well you know I'm down so looks like we gonna have a long weekend workin n partying shit gotta start summer 2K12 off right!!
Was very distressed to hear about the Mumbai bombings.
And of course I did. 1) nvidia+xen = :( and 2) tesla card needs both power connectors
I have been torn a dozen times before
Today was so beautiful, it just made you happy.
I want the zebra vlados. Actually i want all of the vlados, but those in particular. Haha
The fact I have school in 6 days makes my life worse
Getting ready for our "Teaching Online" Course with I know I've said it before but it truly is one of the best courses!
If someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be...
"Both hands on the desk" - History professor to the kid who came in late while the cover of Playboy from 1976 was on the PowerPoint.
RT : RT : Obesity rates in america have tripled since the 1970s. Wow!
You too have a wonderful weekend!
Here at 's Female Success Factor Panel with who's up next to share her amazing story.
So the West Memphis 3 was recently released due to reasonable doubt, but there is more reason to prove Troy Davis's innocence.
Teacher: No ipods in school. Me: Yeah, because lil wayne is gonna rap the answers to me.
getting ready for Los Altos (California) Art Festival, showing my tropical paintings, this weekend...
LOL! Thanks the gods my sense of smell is shot.
Wow, that is a truly glorious twitter picture. Thanks for the follow!
Feels like im back in texas. Hot den a mug
Enjoy the read, Gabriel
Aflac should offer a plan for bats. They could call it... Bat Aflac!
I love Sundays. <3
Hey there swags...def going in on a live drum recording today...release the mics!!!!
RT Facebook has now programmed Instagram to automatically take photos of your feet and breakfast when you're not using it enough
Sounds the same. I shouldn't have to pay much if any. They are counting the same income twice. But documenting fix = huge time suck.
Yul! That's one of my favorite movies
"I LOVE TWITTER, KATEE THERE'S A TWITTER FIGHT! AHH I LOVE TWITTER"
why did sex and the city come on at 1am? must.go.to.bed.
wait no no I was right it wouldn't be grammatically correctly would it?
b/c it looks pretty and 'edgy' on screen but is not very usable as currently stands :(
#Life RT : Rafiki: “The question is, who are you?” | Simba: “I thought I knew. Now I’m not so sure.” –The Lion King
So many new friends! Thanks for following , and !
I was wondering where your citations were!
It was great to meet you and try your Rooibos Chai at the Fancy Food show. Fair Trade Organic #ForTheWin!
Thank you so much for your blog posting! #weheartyou,
any time. glad to see you on the list.
lol as all the strangers go in to skype you
Scratches my head, so... = Plus 100? He did pretty good for a newbie.
man Joel didn't deserve that
Listening to :)
Sink your teeth right through my bones baby, let's see what we can do
money is gonna et u a plae to stay keep food in ur mouth ect ect it will never let u dwn if u dn know that then idk
ah. Ok. I like hearing those kind of stories.
just killed the drums on this new song. A little more radio ; )
doubles down on clean energy so we stay ahead of China to help our economy grow
Cmon #Ags, don't disappoint me!
Freud wrote a little tract on Moses and his being Egyptian. I have no knowledge of Freud. My ignorance of modernity is deep.
Back it up beep beep like a trucker :)
Dear Civilization: Newt G. is going to Advocate, Define, Organize, Lead, Teach, and most importantly, Arouse the shit out of you!
Kinda of sad I guess.
I remember them by heart..I was a huge rugrat's fan..I even had their video game lol
I really hope it is not. Several websites have said it was a rumor. Hard to believe any country could do that. So sad.
Tonight's the night big man! The Defense of "0UR" Lombardi Trophy begins!
how was kickball loves? RT : so glad I saw you tonight
Quick, get in your car and stop tweeting.
Try the pierogi as a side option at the Polish Center's fish fry!
We were just jamming out to an oldie but goodie, and wondering how many songs do you think the average person has memorized?
your controversial show is showing in Europe too, spread the 'c' word. Love it
Many, many thanks!
I feel that way about twitter
You, sir, made me laugh out loud.
Does Ben Franklin inspire you? If so, please let me know why. Doing Hack Day event for work. Need support for Library. Thx
I can't wait till my modeling career takes off on Instagram.
I should try and get some sleep see you guys in 2 hours when I give up
Congrats to and on their recognition tonight. Proud to have worked with them both!
We must see ourselves as teachers first
thanks, great deal!
"...blog posts shared only on Twitter tended to have 63% more page views than those shared on Facebook"
lolol so much for having a page to talk about shit... now we have like boundaries. ugh wtfff. are you on tumblr babe?
Wish I was wearing my tube top
no not at all
RT : "Encourage an open environment where employees feel protected if they raise ethical questions."
Starting is the MAIN thing we need to DO today. Stop "fiddling" and DO. My new personal mantra.
For having the worst test ever I'm glad this day ended better with my car back! Such a relief
Follow me please? :) 
You are too kind. lost a rockstar when you left!
Republicans block Obama jobs bill
Model portfolio development shoot scheduled for tomorrow with the beautiful Samantha.
es una cancion! don't invite me to the park anymore it's over!
Yes, I like it. The options were good for both myself and my sons.
Keep on telling it, hermano.
(Oak Creek) Smoke in basement of house @ 9561 S Nicholson Rd
oh I don't remember that
My phone never gets any love anymore:/
hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster.
We may have some tickets to give away for the New York International Film Festival Opening Night party on November 17th.
Just learned another coworker from my old job died this AM. Hoping this is the last in a long line of such things for a while!
#friday "BRING IT"
A year ago today I first whacked lips on
Had a great burger at Fergie's Pub with after shooting the video blog for
I time traveled in my dream last night The ppl I visited knew they knew me but couldn't figure out how...i hope I didn't mess up the present
Gotta get up early tomorrow, work in the morning.
Don't miss out on another great night of MMA brought to you by Rocktagon MMA and CageStars
thanks for the love! Hope you enjoy the rest! :)
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mother's Day, to all the professors who grade with little ones on their lap. You know who you are.
Wars come and go, but my soldiers stay eternal
shit i am i just let u knw ctfu
Can one of you give me a screenshot of what you do see?
The more I play the lottery the bigger the looser I feel (:>P)
how are u?! Hope you are feeling great.#livemylife is stuck in my head.
"VOLUNTEERS: SO MUCH MORE THAN SLAVE LABOR" "RAISING THE DEAD: USE OF HELICOPTERS TO LIFT HEAVY FOSSILS" I <3 paleo preparators' talk titles
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Yes there will be a tweetbook! Just starting to work on it now!
C'mon Packers!!!!
Congratulations Meryl I was rooting for you!
the idea that people even bother to fact check these movies is beyond me. you should operate on the premise that everything is wrong.
Just saw that Ariana Grande, who plays Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious, joined Adva Mobile
#VAhobbits MT : In 1634, King Charles I created 8 shires in Virginia which were later renamed as counties. 5 of 8 still exist.
Nobody ever really voted FOR austerity, right? In France or anywhere else. It's just something some German banks wanted and thus got.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE! We hope you are all having a great start to 2012!
If those birds can't fly in this wind, our plane can't fly. Great logic
RT : We did not permit Alabama and Mississippi to make decisions in my day.
Luis Barron sentenced to 54 years-to-life for shooting and killing a 15-year-old girl at a San Diego Park in Aug. 2010.
RT : Q4. How do you let your employer know you would like more responsibility with a client or position?
those are the onlyy ones i have
Ansolutely love your performances tonight, you should more rock <3
Today is going to be a good day.
Had a wonderful day exploring DC art gallery, museum and used bookstore with my good artist friend! I'll definitely miss living in the city.
amazing :) lol do you want me to ask them if they will follow you
It is feeling so wonderful to be so busy. I cant wait to be traveling around <3 #VegasEndofMAY!!! <3
A 100...I like that!
Oh, sad face! Bummer you won't be in the neighborhood, but see you soon, regardless!!
When I text you, it means I miss you. When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me. <3
Im bored. Guess its time to take my ass to sleep.
Baa (grandma) made pani puri because I have having a bad day!!!
But a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
Thanks for the follow! - And the great resources!
No, we definitely were. And about how I like imagining all his characters as grown up George Michaels. So delightfully awkward.
People who ask celebrities for retweets are so annoying...retweet if you agree
Yeah what are you
Heehohaa. I just went through airport security. Just to renew my passport. Chill nigga.
thanks :) If they tell me I am allergic to beer I am coming after you.
YES GOD!!! & I watched that song 3X last week, then shouted afterwards.
