Dr. Marye Anne Fox, UC San Diego Chancellor is speaking at today!
Is this a Ron Artest siting????
Sweet where do ya live
That awkward moment when your voice over guy at the network misreads your script and says "tranny" instead of "tyranny"
And still featherweight champion of the World...Jose Aldo. Awesome win and congrats to our Nova Uniao teammate.
People keep giving me free iPads. None have actually shown up yet.
We're here at We, The Pizza! Find us upstairs at the big table!
been working at camp randall student athlete project. there is stuff under camp randall that was never known to be there. new turf next wek
Watching a movie :)
I get excited for every Steeler game :-)
People would read it always wondering when the other shoe was going to drop...
Alice on chains? Nice :-)
If you build it they will come does not work in the real biz world! Build it, them market it, then sell it. All this requires a plan
Stop Net Neutrality!! Twitter, don't get owned by the government. It's a trap!
These little desserts at are pretty good. Dolcini? Speak american, dammit.
Had a blast playing with Casanova at Daytona today! Our performance went great! No rehearsal. On the spot!... Main St was insanely packed!
Remember their appearance on Beverly Hills 90210?
• How great to have a shiny new stadium? Unrelated note, I'm a graphic designer. If you ever need anything....
Tanya Clay House of the Lawyers Committee on Civil Rights Under Law has started her presentation.
I knew about the code talkers, but didn' t realize Cherokee were involved. Does that come out in movie? (never saw it)
Chrome, Chrome, Chrome. It's the best...
Late night editing.
“: I miss the Bonham lol”...You know where it's at!!! Don't be a stranger :-p
Cuban's craziness to dismantle the Mav's may haunt them for years ; it'll probably be a awhile before they win another ring! Laker
‎"Dress for Success" seminar hosted by Christopher Schafer is today @ 1pm at PSA Insurance & Financial Services in Hunt Valley.
Come fast because Our Portabello Mushroom and Sandwich is ending soon! Don't miss out on this great and tasty sandwich and mushroom wedge!
i sound like him when i have a clear throat and not all stuffed up i can sound just like him its so cool
how about Wednesday afternoon? :)
Throw out fad diets & try the diet of MODERATION. That means eat an equal amount of veggies as other foods.
Alaska & Michigan aren't looking good.
I wish I coulda been there but I also gotta talk to youu
Wake up bittcch
thats why i'm fairly broke haha, BUT I DON'T CARE
CRJ is really looking forward to tomorrow's Convention!
retweeted for you
We've got it too. It does hurt. :-( And we are on vacation!
Check some of my tweets, and i just posted a link to a well reccomended book
My family is having a full blown out argument over my sister paying 4 spray tanning..like shut the fuck up there are bigger problems in life
#NP John O'Callaghan - The Bailout (Original Mix Edit)
Rolled over to new web hosting over the past couple of days. Long overdue!
Your ex couldn't beat, I hit it like a freak doe
I wish I could watch sex and the city....
Scroll limit gr8910
Society for American Music conference begins! Session 1d: Children, Music, and the "Mainstream"
yes that's what I'm learning. Specific french Canadian course. It's awesome!
Peter Vermes just asked where was at...
"you can be the king, but watch the queen conquer"
www.Facebook.com/gettogethergirlsthedoc
You're too sweet! Thank you!
At #home being #bored :|
I want to make a porno with you! \(>o<}/
with electric cars all you need to remember is not to stick your tongue on the battery to test.
Talk about a good night for Harvard... Jeremy Lin goes off for 38 in win against Lakers, and the Crimson defeats Penn 56-50.
Not too concerned about trading Quinn Johnson. He had a role but hes not good enough to be on a team that wants to contend for a super bowl
well I don't have 4 teams yet
Recommending storyboarding for mobile apps.
Ooh, have fun! Let the ladies at know that you're visiting from out of town. We love travelers! :)
Adele crying is the saddest thing I've ever seen
not sure I understand question. It's by w de Brailes, artist from Oxford c1250. Creation of eve as in bible.
Idk. It's my first time watching it! Lol.
Finishing yet another song today in the studio. It'll be worth the wait when you guys hear this!
been great so far! Plus I already presented, so now that's out of the way and it's time for some fun!
DM me Jason and I can send you email address
judas is a song, that has hurt me and insulted Jesus & christians around the world, im posotive its not better than me.
it's fantastic! I'd love to see something like that in the U.S.!
Amazing what usability testing can tell you about user search behaviors.
#itsTimeForYouToRealize That you made the wrong choice.
Dont fall for the "american dream" cause its the people the highest up that got the lowest self-esteem
you should follow me today. just a thought :)
Lisa's school project leads to the discovery of a new drug that makes the elderly less cranky tonight on The Simpsons at 5!
I don't even have swimming trunks. Double-you tee efff!
#SpriteSlam Williams for sure in round 2
thanks i will check them out, especially since they are free
thank you (:
what's going on for real
Well if you're from Wisconsin, I am not sure how many weekends in sport could be any better than this one...man that was awesome!
Guillen is still in an orange jump suit, officers put his walker in the trunk
Hates Houston so much! Wish I was in Tuscaloosa with !!!!!!
Don't stop loving it!! ;)RT : stop being so fine!
RT : IT WAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS!! A taco? Really?? That couldn't have been a text?
Did some light jogging today for the first time in 2 months! Time to ice my knee, eat breakfast, and then therapy.
For real. Well maybe not, the bikes were a little expensive. But yes to Colombia and at least renting scooters around Cartagena.
how dare you tweet at me in fash!
Consumer Automotive Financial Services in Emerging Global Markets
Why is it so hot in my house right now? It's just adding to my already bad mood.
It wasn't cold before but now it is!
aww thanks :') you're too kind! You are too girl <3
Right quick bite to eat back to the flat to pack and off to Route 66 and then the blue line to O'Hare for my flight back to California
good night :)
Sitting at work crunching through some stats, I almost shed a tear & felt a wave of exaltation as Spiritualized's new album came to an end.
Wish I could wear shorts to school...it's gonna be SO hot when I get out
Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges? How did J Lo do?. Get the trend going.
Congrats! You won the Wed. drawing for our Bobcat contest. Direct message us your address and we'll the get the album out to ya.
hi there:D please follow back? Xoxo :)
O's / Braves world series....lets go
“: I thought you might think so. ;) But now I have an excuse: "I'm disabled!" #theitcrowd” it was painful watching it but funny.
He unfollowed her back last night, but if I say that's why you don't stay friends w/douchebags who beat you & don't respect you I'm wrong.
anytime! Enjoyed another amazing dinner at Rumpus Room so thank you!
I really wish i had a GF that I can run home 2
Purple or Pink?
Exactly! Ha!
That's the trouble with nests. They always seem to need a bit of tidying up.
Got 30 miles in today to tarpon springs...random day off ;)
I need to lose 30 pounds before lunch tomorrow. Tips?
Thanks that made me lmao
I know I'm not beautiful. So don't call me ugly bc of my profile pic . Atleast I'm being normal and not all duck faced. I Dont wear makeup(:
He gets a dollar for every Yahoo/Bing search query featuring his name. So far, $3.
Hope you had a Merry Christmas!(:
All right. Time to get back to the novel. This plot isn't gonna unfold itself.
Also: www.DirtysLaundry.com directs you to my etsy store now instead of my tumblr! Fabulous.
no more NFL pro bowl.
how is current ?
He's what? 1 1/2 feet taller than you? I DEMAND a photo!!
My little brother just said "asshole" out loud and didn't get in trouble, but when I say "shut up" they get mad -___-
Just rolling in to the meeting at SFPL - should be on stage soon.
detroit tigers mini-bats forever!
but don't you want it to be easy too? like shouldn't you just like the same things and want to see the same shows, etc?
Thanking GOD For Another 24; #Blessed For This Day! 🙏
Happy birthday !
Big Congrats!
Why do they use ankle bracelets for house arrest? Just schedule a UPS delivery and you can't go anywhere.
he's a punk coach always was and his offence is terrible
We are currently welcoming to the Book House shelves a large collection of French language titles!
I really need a cigarette but going outside is too much of a hassle. -.-
do the potty dance. But that was really cute xD
haha, nothing says it louder! Get it in today!!
I love the big bang theory.
Too bad the Heirloom Tomato Salad is so seasonal..such a hit! Burata cheese, shiso, squash blossoms m
Bottle cutter? what are you trying to do?
Black Hole Sun
I hate drama!
#FF Wonderful participatory photography projects with youth.
Just learned from a student: "Elephants Got Big Dirty Feet." Way better than "Every Good Boy Does Fine."
Hell yeah #TeamGiants !
hey girl hey :D
really want another family photo too!
David Stern: "the 2011-2012 kia most valuable player...Lebron James" Uncle Gooch: *yells* "Where your championship at!!?" Ahahabba
RT : i love my friends
BTW, the driNET project team includes a librarian: Jake Carlson from Purdue's D2C2 is a co-PI
Bed bed my sweet bed. Cannot wait to be in u in a min
Mav ball practice at 6:30 Tuesday night. Can't wait!!!
THNX. Amazing kids. Amazing stories.
Check out this new bargain website! www.ideeli.com/invite/specialoffer They have great daily specials like Groupon but for clothing & such!
Holy awkward phone call....
Love it! #GoDucks beat #UW by 25 tonite... Love it more when UO student section chants "JUST LIKE FOOTBALL!" #asswhoopin #again&again
u know melo ain't gone ever see A Ring lol
I would have...you were supposed to let me know when you were free miss busy bee lol
Get the fuck away from me.
What would be the ultimate gift for a guy on Valentine's Day?
Awesome; thanks Adam!
Love it when 90% of my twitter dash is about the
Ruffalo made a great Hulk.
When the government tries to impose morals upon me is when I have a HUGE problem. It's civil rights. Period
Im thankful for the beautiful daughter god has blessed me with and for giving me a way to give her the world Happy Thanksgiving Savior!!!!
March 17th, the only day of the year when everybody wants to be a ginger.
leaving out..
Goose bumps.... Bumps on geese
Had back surgery 12 days ago & broke iPhone 3GS a few days after I got out. Popsicle incident. Lol. Up & running again w/ my new iPhone 4!
I look up the score is 95/76. Jesus take the wheel, the Celtics are about to win.
Lady Rollins at the Whistler in an hour or so. See you there?
Really..where. I'll try to check it out.
Thank you to the Harrison Co. early Childhood Council for inviting us out to talk about resources- great group doing great work!
Last week I said heejun was probably goin home Tonight I'll make another prediction. Jus need to c a few more performances.
"I don’t shy away from any opponent. My heart doesn’t pump any Kool Aid, only blood." - Antrel Rolle is ready
I'm a Proud Alum -- commencement Speaker - Brilliant!
I like BIG people ;)
It's official. Vornado season is here once again in MN. Loving my today!
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows
Holy cow VCU won! Final 4! Go Rams! :)
I'm still very professional about my fitness
Dont take on a do-it-yourself project unless u are well trained to handle the job. SMH Some people claim to do everything & look so stupid
Oh, hush!
You guys can take turns!! Haha I hope all of our friends are reading this
History will be kind to me. For I intend to write it. ~Winston Churchill
McDonald's breakfast kind of morning
yo! You should get a custom pair of " laced up" kicks Keep the movement going I respect it..pimpmykicks.com from Cleveland
So I think I'll start using Twitter again if anyone cares. Update: Internship VH1 in NYC. I want a real job. cross training and ice massage
Anyone using paperbackswap.com? Likes? Dislikes? Recommendations for book swapping?
Ok show me what you've got!
When all else fails the word prevails. Pastor Doseck
Paper Economy - A US Real Estate Bubble Blog: ISM Manufacturing ...
A hoody doesn't make u shady, running does, zim was a rent-a-cop for a reason, cuz he is a fat out of shape wannabe that lacks police skill
My #soul awakens dreams too. My #desire is always so, asks for a #kiss and denies the same mouth.
There are some people that are compelled to fill every moment of their life with talk, constantly on the phone, barely seeing the world. Meh
aha yep! so now im very careful to who i give my number too!
I like listening to ALL of OoT's music repeatedly. Especially Gerudo Valley theme, Song of Storms, and Nocturne of Shadow <3
The Game
Um, need to get your friend -_-
Dude! u should like RT this and follow me!!! even if u dont I still adore ya bud;)
almost a 100,000 views bro ! That's a bunch of sick crazy bastards!
you got it. Lets do this afternoon.
Former slave Sojourner Truth, was a powerful speaker for the rights of women and Black people. Celebrate Women's Month.
Douchebag Comm Professor, you have made it very very clear that "rhetoric" is your favorite word...Now stop saying "the internets"
Goodnight beautiful people
great things are going to happen for you this year only to steps(1.) God first and (2.) work hard.. itz the recipe
LOL! Beldar: Maintain low tone, maintain low tones... I used to tell that, recall it being v effective! ;-D
Follow our #CEO at Enjoy words of wisdom from our fearless leader, now in 140 characters or less.
But also sweet!
I'll scream untill my heart falls out of my chest.
my room no longer smells like puke! >>>
Thanks Greg! Glad we were able to help! What make/model did you end up with?
The most difficult thing I have ever had to do is follow the guidance I prayed for. - Albert Schweitzer.
Ashley Young: Great work to get in the box, gets clipped, could fight thru, but chooses to dive & looks to ref for PK. Sad.
Katy perry and lady gaga on the radio, WHAT DID I DO WRONG?!?!?
yes is wonderful.
Hey Your Aweosome!!!! We Should Be Best Youtube Friends!!!!
No don't know that at all. Could just be depression. But if it is the result of brain trauma, makes issue real for another gen
you were only 22 minutes back and you were tapering for a 100-miler. :)
good luck my man. Even though I picked Atlanta, I'm pulling for the G-Men.
Loves giving good news to award winners. Hates sending bad news to losers.
That is awesome
doesn't it seem that the last three years before start of tourney some writer comes out with a negative article?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 56
Yes Ric, you are inept.
How do roaring lions and talking giraffes sound? :)
CBEADLES FACT : Christian road a dirt bike with out a helmet and said' that's how it's done' even though he could of hurt himself. Bahahah
the only thing i liked about new haven was its massive amount of cute dogs. new haven = puppy heaven.
us at the twitter( ur fans) we miss you. when will u be back on twitter?
she said.. I know you bad, but I want you bad
Looking forward to the band interview with
Girl next to us at the bar gets a Fernet shot & a Notch Session. Me, raising eyebrows: tough day? Her: sorta. I just quit my job.
"'Every playboy bunny with the bleach blonde hair' That's !"
We are here LIVE at kicking off the Tweetstream from ! Doors open at 7:00 pm! ^d3
On the plus side, my purchase supported & I found a used copy of Pizzicato Five's "Made In USA" on vinyl which RULES.
At Casino De Montreal again after a day of urban hiking. Not sure if it's because I had so much fun yesterday, or because I'm a total degen.
strongest in Python/Django (plus all the web languages; HTML/CSS/JS)
let me look into it
if peeps hate exploitation at its finest..boycott the Estate of Marilyn Monroe (twitter @ MarilynMonroe) & what they r doing.
A bully at my schhol would lick peoples food, so they would gross out letting him take it to eat himself.
no like legit shit I have no idea how do this math stuff ....
Sometimes I feel bad about eating baby Swiss. It didn't even get a chance to live a full life.
improv with kids, manager meeting, cookin' some delicious Tilapia and then to evaluating plays and writing - yay kinda day.
Looks like i'll be working the #MayweatherCotto undercard!
What's the current fascination with Snow White all about? What does it say about our society right now?
- Thanks for working to make strong connections at the State House for #homeless children and families! Our Policy team=the best!
We're so excited to announce that Eric Kerr L.Ac. will be joining out Acu-team in September : ))
you guys were amazing tonight! I can't believe i actually got to meet you! Can't wait for the next concert!
Crack the code of African American quilts. Dr. Maude Wahlman will clue you in this Sunday at 6 pm. - www.mingei.org/events
Yes, I am giving testimony on the next piece of legislation that will come before the committee.
Happy Thanksgiving! What's for dinner?
Follow her. RT i want 1,000,000 followers. But I'm starting to think thats never going to happen...
iMessage + oversea friends = sheer happiness
Most people do. Lol
I've been exiting the 163 to University for the last half hour. Worse than #Carmageddon?
thanks for the compliment and when you come tonight a round on us!
same here. Great interview. Many blessings to you and yours. XOXOXO
Black Mamba!
You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for the kind words at the #FF shoutout!
S/O to my Lake Shore Drivers
aw do you really?
meepsters meeping in the forest ;P bored at home..
Because only Puerto Rican are Royal.....just playin....sort of :)
listening on way home from Excellent!
You too Rachele!
wes from Friday?!
ugh, this is going to be a complete disaster (though very very very small chance it is genius).
"seems" to be problem - yes - because that's the false, intentional narrative
When you said dodgeball, it made me think of the South Park episode :P
anyone want to do shout out for shout out ?
thanks Bumble!! Hope you're well. xx
bro is my favorite racist dipshit.
I'm excited for the future of Matt Moore.
& your students: thanks for your patience! Hope we stay up for you, especially if you're going to post awesome FunnyorDie videos.
I'm going on June 21, 2013. ;) x
Keep doing what you are doing! Mad support over here at Le Ninja for you!
My 4 and 6 year olds are obsessed with the sndtrk to John Water's film Pecker. I'm waiting for the inevitable "Daddy, what's tea bagging?"
I Am But It Wasnt My Fault !
can you please give a shoutout to me !! and my question is will u guys ever come to hawaii ?? (:
Getting yelled at by my Lil brother is not okay . Just cos I touched his Xbox !
Library evacuated for unknown reasons...sitting across the street waiting...
Rumor: Nick and Kevin are at #SummerBash supporting Joe's first solo performance.
We honor You, We praise You, we worship You, we glorify You, we give thanks to You .... ("Gloria in excelsis Deo") Glory to God in the...
for this sunday?
Planning a novel set in 50s Winterfell about a sexually sadistic journalist tracking down a Scandinavian hacker whose photo he saw in Iraq.
. has a great show. Glad he's taken more control in recent years... Very fresh format and production. Kudos to him and his team
Girl. all I see in that picture is hair and titties. haha. I love it. =P
Got to the barber at 745am and I'm still looking at a 3 hr wait. Funny thing is, dude has hands so it's worth it!
u Yup u know it p.s dont know what 2 wear need help
The Conservatory Crossing will be here through January 8th. $3, (Closed Sunday, Jan 1).
Ohh well I have no idea what I'd post. lol
Obama&#39;s Remarks at the White House Correspondents&#39; Dinner
by : Put Glen Davis's brain on casualty list of Dwight Howard's elbows. How long does list need to be before world sees him...
What about Nancy Drew?
Happy Leap Day!!
Last night #CV City Council voted to dissolve the CVRC (redevelopment corp.); it was a good idea at the time, but didn't succeed.
Working on my vignette. Thank you everyone in my 3rd period dumb enough to vote to do it. 👎
DIRTY LITTLE TRICK starring is on #Netflix streaming? Sweet!
but it's not like we suck...right? *nervous laughter*
Oh, well in THAT case -- it's not that bad! They're not really 'beautiful' anyway, are they?
becauuuuusee I'm just plain off stupid; what the hell is with this Sydney girl? wtf, 1D want HER VCARD?
MT : Honored to again host #usapro. Big welcome to new cities #Boulder #Durango #Montrose & #Telluride. It's a fun wild ride!
and alyssa, and songwriter our manager is just an fyi
You saw them ? :O lucky !
Lunch at The Miami Circle next Thursday!! Food Trucks and Live Music...Cya There!
Emilie Jackson is coming to Share & Grow today and I am so happy for her spunk!
新年快乐！Happy Chinese New Year :D
I'm down with unrepentant stupidity.
Did u know a 12 oz regular soda has 10.5 teaspoons of sugar (41g)! You wouldn't eat that much- why drink it???
what are we doing your home work for you
plz let it b me...lol
his love for me runs deep, but not like, mayorship deep.
what do you think!!!
I was called "Ma'am" and "Old" in the same sentence tonight.
Merry Christmas to all!!! What a wonderful day to enjoy your family and friends. Cheers!!!!!
Two wrongs dont make a right someone has to be the bigger person and realize that!
#sxgpluspages open open open. Please.
Lets get ready to rumble!
#Vikings fans at the Capitol chanting. #Build it!
yeah I guess it is the thought that counts. But next time try to help me a little it early lol.
Should be sleeping.
My room really needs a record player...
was extremely productive today... in order to distract herself and avoid a meltdown.
Lol my dad is a joke.
All mistakes can be marked by borders.
I'm realizing, and learning to accept, that I have terrible taste in music.
On my way home, on the bus widd Andrea.
Hm. Why is your 'Similar To' list always full of unattractives?
you said we were going to, anyways he was happy. ;)
#np. "This Is For The Lover In You" - Babyface.
feeling like a sock in the spin cycle
PPR pick 2 Harvin, Lloyd, S. Smith, or Stevie Johnson?
TSOI-NY squeeked in sold out show at Bellhouse (hint: there r a few xtras at the door still).
Going to BMV, SS card, birth certificate, passport, first born child. One is bound to work, for new license.
RT : A4. By demonstrating clarity, confidence, character and creativity.
Groovshark is being sued at the tune of $150,000/song. I knew this service was too good to be true. Was nice while it lasted.
being *Anti - Social* works for me
...awesome! Thanks for the tip.
So fo I, but I don't advertise it like that!!! LOL
Really excited to fly to #Virginia this weekend. Need some sister/spa time!
Had a really good day today, now time for bed. Goodnight. <3
I think my ear canals caved in.
At mtg this Mon, APD reported they had good leads on the home invasion.
RT : Seeking out at Man Up premier tonight! >>Gr8t meeting u Allison
I've been under a rock. This is sick new knowing they are permanent!!!! #[S]
Good to hear from you - thanks for the follow.
Getting ready for an epic, old-timey weekend. Tenn Street Coffee Friday and then Lyons' Dance Saturday night!
done deal. Follow me to biatch!
ahaha nah man
There goes Adams, but Randle would make a lot of sense and would be a great pick at 60th overall.
what i want to know is what happens when someone is struck by lightning.. that's CRAZY!
No possession can surpass, or even equal, a good library to the lover of books. J. A. Langford -
Thanks for the shout-out John!
"Luck" is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
In DC for the Annual Meeting to discuss the challenges & opportunities for research funding in the coming year
I am way behind on this, but I can't believe Junior Seau killed himself. If this has anything to do w/ potential head trauma...
My husband just made the best spaghetti ever!
Base oil prices are going up .25-.50 cents per gallon june 1st. I have taken 15 wholesale prices increases over the last 18 months
It's a great model, isn't it!
hey beth! yep we are planning to submit. would love to chat. please shoot me an email to . thanks!
Nigeria shuts border with Cameroon to help track activities of radical islamic sect members #BokoHaram via Cameoon Post online
RT my new line! My today was yesterday so does that make my tomorrow today? #fun and have fun with this one!
that made my day!!!
RT : I'll be in Omaha Sat doing pxp for vs on Join me and Doug Marsh. Kickoff at 5pm.
Just a joke - breathe easy ;)
Going to enjoy proper tea with friends on spring break. For more beautiful civility visit
I'd swear our phone just said my son's name and "M.D" when announcing the caller. He must've REALLY picked his grades up this week!
Thanks Gary!! You enjoy your golf day too!!! :)
Truck into train on Sandy blvd at about 135th
can't wait to see you too and for you to get your crap out ma room!! Btw I can't text so if you wanna text me, email me.
The first group of legal immigrants that were selected for visas was "priority workers
AARP's John Rother says "life expectancy not relevant" to Social Security. ZOOMER: Not relevant? Life expectancy is now 20 years longer. Hmm
Listening Too You Saying A Lie But In My Head I Know The Truth ( :
My homework for the summer: personal website. #deepbreaths #twitterpromise Congrats on your can of worms, !
my wife can't stand her..I love her...will you go with me?
I did! Love the pics. :-)
RIP Junior Seau, one of the best linebackers who ever played
Someone TEXT me
designing new unis for a hoops team & wondered. What R the most iconic jerseys(any sport)w/ the # inside of the logo on the front?
If ever I could get away with murder I know exactly who My victim would be
:( RT : Taiji: Dolphins in the killing cove- juveniles amongst them. Dolphin trainers and killers arriving
Who does everyone think will start in net tonight for the Flyers?
Topic ideas: Divorce rate, spousal abuse in military families
so what you're saying is you don't want a hug?
(con't) ... visiting from the Congo, with the African American experience, by traumatizing him. This makes me too sad for words.
I wish you were mine <3
I'm starving!
I'm glad we got'm. He can be key off the bench. We still need one more, but this is solid depth.
We have soul, and that's still fun, but this car, is an EPIC one. Tweet your pic and a weissberger's gift card is yours!
The latest from #smwknd about Facebook & other social media predictions on by bit.ly/smwkndstorify bit.ly/smwkndfriday
Thomas, You The Man, I'll call you in a little while
RT : #NFL games 2morrow #Dolphins at #Falcons 1pm et I know the #falcons will win that 1 #football: #NFL games 2.. http: ...
Good for you!
1D is getting is becoming a big hot with what make you beautiful !!!!!!
Thanks!! I will definitely be visiting the next time I go home! =)
everything is more fun when JiLL's around!
i want to have a murder mystery party
I fucking hate hiccups.
Ending a gorgeous long weekend at Mohonk Mountain House
"Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone!"
You have an amazing butt!!!!
May simply be a case of "too little, too late." Yet, Obama hasn't done much to help his cause w record # of deportations during term.
Oh wow, thanks for the heads up. What type of issues do you have? Did you grab the newest version from github?
Sure thing. I could the rest.
Thanks for the link to the offshoring story. Smells fishy to me! :-)
How is everybody :)
'Morning, all! Welcome back world traveler!
We Mets fans miss ya so much!! Boy I loved your swing!! Your the best Floyd!
Have so much fun tonight! :)
I wish lunch could last forever...
watching the walking dead. why don't the zombie's eat each other? do the living taste better or something? fresh, perhaps? yum.
Can't sleep!
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. -Ursula K. Le Guin
It's true has The Twitter on all day long
what u think bro
Thank you! Sweet of you to say. I've yet to glaze-fire the beads; waiting until I've moved & settled.
looks like we have a few different opinion on this! RT : Fact»»RT : Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
i cant wait to be home tomorrow!!!:D
2 more for 800 please rt spread my word i follow backk? ;)
#Outside you look happy and all put together but on the #Inside your steady falling apart and hurting and you feel like hell!
's house!!
The bump on my back really hurts every time I sit down :( might have to get surgery today :( :(
If all you have is a Cranhammer, everything looks like you could, like, nail it.
Deborah Klochko, directer of MOPA "technology is one pillar of our strategic plan."ex. of leadership integrating tech for achieving mission.
Ended day with a great prep call for panel which I'm part of for #ASC12 next week in Austin. Should be a good one.
Maurice #Sendak, author of 'Where The Wild Things Are,' has died at 83
Good quality brown lenses are best to protect your eyes-keep the energetic blue off your retina. i wear Maui Jims.
congrats!!! Miss you at meeting.
RT : Retweet : Gratitude & Contentment is great gain
Dremt I was in #Vegas last night. Woke this morning feeling like I was.
Adorable idea... Colleagues have been writing names on their food in the office fridge. I am currently eating a yogurt called Debbie.
That call is complete BS. Refs better watch that tape.
Im always gunna have my bestfriends backs. Even if there right or wrong, ima be there.
damn I know :/
FACT:Studies revealed on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven.
dude thats funny as fuck y would u get an old man high lol. fuck dude that shits funny as hell.
Are you doing quality follow up after your giveaways? Launch a Text-2-Win campaign, follow up instantly and directly with the entire opt-in…
The #FitFluential ladies sharing their love from #RBKFITBLOG is awesome! I need a new crossfit shoe, may have to take a look at men's line.
Who is going to sxsw interactive this year and who to gdc?
Wow almost 400 likes in four days! You guys rock..make sure to go to the download here tab above to download every song we have FOR FREE!
#ulcnet love the velocity image
damn thats shady
L26 Jam Sessions continue tonight hosted by and and me. 11 W. 26th St. $10/$5. 930 to 2a. Roy Hargrove MIGHT be there!
Wow, everyone is from big ten… : Big Ten Takeover. Welcome to the Texans #LetsWork”
is he leaning and shooting them off of one leg?
I agree with one of the commenters, it looks like she took an arrow to the knee.
I miss u guys! Come visit :)
same i probaly go to some butt deff going to gabriels.
Get it bro! Arm day for the big man! RT “: Chesticle Tuesday at the gym lol #BOOM”
going to shoot a portrait of LA Clippers' Ryan Gomes with Bob
#wbagala nice job on the Capitol protest coverage. A lot of hard work (and hours) went into that.
Tweet with hashtag #indiefilm to enter our contest! Keep tweeting over the weekend! Prize: 50% off a weekday rental!
great personality.... he got that... intelligent..,. he is that.... my heart.... he stole that
The distortion of taste may cause the diet soda drinker to seek higher calorie foods.
I want to be at Game 5 so bad tonight...
Great seeing & last night at How was your dinner?
Sorry, I meant Good Friday and Easter weekend! My bad! Forgetting what day it is!
U still got my # ?
Lights back on. Now it's awkward because this guy knows I was pooping in the dark.
i like this 'end of the world' thing..great reason to break out better wine, even better food and kiss those who count. Love the kissing :)
watch out in the pool area for the Vdara Death Ray
Now that my evening plans have been canceled, I guess I'll just watch another movie and knit this hat. So pretty much what I did all day.
New favorite song Bulletproof Love by
ps - teach me how to be a gym beast like you!
gun reviews . Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
I have 2 Pens tickets for sale for tomorrow's game vs the Rangers. Let me know if you want them.
that's probably true. I'll shake it off :)
RT : "If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby." #K**Y20*2
Saves the inning again.
#kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
I have been getting broken links today from the site.
no he's been quiet lately.
Time to curl up and read the latest issue of Now if only the weather would play along...
Let's try that again. The second day of the #Summit 2011, the very last one, is just getting started.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WHATEVER: our way of saying FUCK OFF!
I need to order one of those Oakland University sweatshirts.
Happy one year and four months
Amazing music by tonight at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2, 7pm. You will be blown away at the musicianship of these gentlemen.
Don't be a fear thinker... Be a faith thinker
": #Sagittarius likes to go shopping."
Off to a good start! Already 2 dogs in purses - we'll be keeping count all day
Except for Ricky Martin's bleached skinny jeans, right?
People in Alamogordo saw Ronnie Chavez, 55, hoist a large dog in the air by its leash—the dog frantic, the man unmerciful, the dog now dead.
There's a guy here wearing a Scuds jersey.
I just dropped some major 中文 knowledge on
Haven't been in Forever!
great selection of articles in the iOcean! Grazie for including my post!
Tough Mudder looks terrifying! is down too. What day are we doing? Let's do the recommended workouts together plz!
how r u?
ok so i'll read them :)
pretty sure the whole team is feeling this way right now. I wanna die. I'm like grumpy.
I am getting Spotify just for this!
Guess who's verified on twitter?
Not worried about who we have to replace Gamel. Ishikawa, Conrad, Hart, we're fine there. But I am pretty bummed about him.
I believe its all your fault lol, what part of town you staying on?
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
blogging about it soon!!
Man, 19, off to prison for street race that killed friend
Let's Go
2mor nite I"ll be hosting Mon Nite Football party at Park 52 Rest-5201 S harper in hyde park! FREE! drink/food specials & prizes!
Are you on Facebook? Connect with us there too! www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
New York City, I'm comin' for ya in less than 48 hours!
I need a good motivated app developer Where are you?
Hmm was corrected to Buckhingham, ON (valley) - which is why we felt it so bad here I guess - not far
Team Meat.
That sounds interesting. I think I wil give it a try.
What's up?
Hahah okay ! nothing is happening
I can only watch this nigga play UFC for so long.
Pan lab Lev
Congrats to you and your family!!!
Still feel like death warmed over. Attempting spin later, because I hear exercise is good for the immune system. I hear what I want to hear.
Me giving up on my hopes and dreams
Just did week 5, day 3 of #c25k with !
I got chick dat really like me would have put da dick up on her but i had to catch a flight
I love you baby!
Smelly people in elevators suck
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
yeah he will
It is me shooting - good catch :)
Excited to check out Almost Atlanta tonight in the Garage!
Happy Holidays all. Eat well, and then go see the Artist.
Getting ready to hear 's Peter Linneman speak at the University of Baltimore #real estate
man, i had no idea. thanks for sending
you're sweet.
Just submitted my absentee ballot...with one vote for #honestart!
I bet when one of my "friends" need a track or song produced, or some studio time, they know how to find me then.... Smh!
hey u can write fo me lol
Never be ashamed to be an exploding supernova amongst brown dwarves.
LOL prove my point even further.
how come everybody else always fucks up and tries to blame me
It does show the world how much of a pussy he is. I'll check out your music. He tried the same fraud no hit single shit with me
RT : Designs can be curated too (dont we imitate/reuse when it works?)
He who has achieved success has worked well, laughed often and loved much. ~Elbert Hubbard
that sausage pizza I made tonight was god!
Your welcome. Have a great week.
Gareth Williams verdict: unanswered questions
I am totally listening to right now. She's a fucking rockstar.
Kennedying (n.): The act of partying at night, then rallying through the next morning and completing important tasks.
Life is pretty good 😊
i guess
Ah that'll be awesome! Can't wait to see your posts on that as I've never been. I'm currently in Cusco :)
wow, today has been so great!
I am so addcited to Pinterest!
i was at home talking to my girl the whole time bro
one more question does she have a twitter?? Or what's the link to her tumblr??
Doing a thing well is often a waste of time.
Excited to announce that I am interning at the Cape Cod Times this summer! [And then spending three weeks in London after haha]
Maybe important people only come into your life when you are in need, and after that, they Just fade away ...
it would have been cooler if I did.
Tom Reese, SJ speaking tonight at St. Ignatius Baltimore on #ElectionValues! last Woodstock Series lecture of the season...
Another reason for me to not watch. The phone call scene between them in the finale pissed me off so much.
JT scores three goals in 3 minutes! Parent pride!
M.. Did yu cook it & if so, What did yu make?.. Lol. & I'm just chillin right now
Oh no! Too much crazy in one area!
aww thank you!! :)
This is the first time I have been on my website where the background wasn't there, just wondering if that is normal.
She knew what's up.. 😏
We will be open Christmas Eve, and New Years Eve!
•Don't be a Woman who needs a Man.Be a Woman that every Man needs•
RT : If I'm going 2 keep eating Chipotle while I drive, I'm going 2 need 2 steal 1 of those giant X-ray bibs from the dentist.
Being not nice to some Romanian
i havent been able to come on !! i miss you all
We gon TURN UP the #SummerHeat this weekend w 5/12 LIVE at
House Party
It's 6AM and our baristas are ready to serve. Stop in for $1 coffee or $1 off espresso drinks until 7AM.
Too serious? You're sense of humor is retweet worthy!
That Did Turn Me Off lbvs .
Thanks for the shout out, Gary!
I could do nights sheetz date the next two days! And before 330 on sunday or after 9....please, please, please!
Hi! :) I'm Megan. You guys are amazing! <3
I feel so awkward .___.
On my way up energy fitness
Greeny's Jet Fandom is coming through. Bill Belichick is no way NEAR Tortella's disdain for the press.
it's all in 'the secret'!! yes miss nunn, I am a believer!!
please follow me OKAY?
Wishing I had the energy I did 5 years ago when we bought ! Restaurant years = dog years^2. Eff.
On my way home from Vegas! It was an amazing trip but I'm really excited to sleep in my own bed again!!
Did they live to see the next day? :D
Why does every body want to be a playa and a pimp but they have no dam idea how to be one.
Help us make #StreetVendorFundraiser even greener: use sustainable transpo! Ride the #620bus, cycle the 1st St #GreenBikeLane, or use...
ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO
In the green room waiting to be on funemployment radio. Surprisingly not green.
www.FlapperGirlSings.com Hope to see you at the Allerton Wednesday night and the *Chicago Jazz Fest* Sat b4 our gig that night @ Allerton!
Interesting, is idea to use nostalgia to get people to think positively about the product and remember brand loyalty? Thoughts?
my ankle been fine. Its my shin/calf now
I can't believe I was playin TightEnd and ran the ball at practice today!!!!
Lawyerist Happy Hour Meetup in Chicago, 4:30 p.m. Thursday at Kitty O’Sheas (in the Chicago Hilton)
love all the Campbell love! have to make a pit stop to u as well.
Not feeling like myself today...#Grrr!!
#DCmusic tonight! at bring on the twee!
hey my girl where u been
My Niggaz Out Here Wild'N! ..U Can Duck! ..Or Get Wet!
I don't know about you, but I'm pumped for X-mas. STC has a festive "Christmas Sampler" droppin Dec. 1st. Don't miss that!
Drinking all my pain away nd drowning all my feelings out. #fuckit take it to the head.
Unemployment predicted to hit 20%, Inflation runaway, Euro to collapse, GNP down 3% the Dow Jones rose 300 pts due to good Koolaid sales
its okay.. I'm pretty in real life.
I'll send a pic on my nuts in a nuns mouth, we will get her good side
hey lyndah how can I order that shirt
RT : How do you get patients more engaged in health? Its not a single app. Its needs to be a social movement.
Haha oh shit! Remember that one time, last night occurred?! LOL You're such a trooper :D
I don't even know what to type about my topic!!
Reason 21: #indiana's state govt is one of the few in the U.S. to be operating in the black. No red ink here!
Penalty on USA. Japan kick into touch and will get the line out. Still deep in USA territory
bike party this fri? RT : a celebratory bike ride is in order!
. You're very kind! Look forward to meeting you someday.
Cheers! “: yum! Absolutely can do #vanilla bourbon stout float. See you soon!”
#Pittsburgh Summer Jam is back.for 2012! MAJOR ARTISTS at Console Energy 6/21/12! Get ready!
Taste of Honey jams on the way into work. It's gonna be a good day.
All the world seems crashing down right now...but trying to look at it as an adventure. Pruning so that new growth may occur...right???
Some of the qualities a good leader should possess are integrity, courage, optimism, and empathy.
hello miss shine hows you doing xx
They probably don't even exist... Like Harvey The Rabbit or Santa Claus ;)
Football! Go Giants <3
Glad that's over
bugger! Line wasn't so bad :)
Just saw your tweet and it reminded me of how much I LOVE your Lakefront Brewery Beer & Pretzel Caramels.
Best wishes, #SteveJobs. It's amazing how much you and your company changed the world. You will be missed.
Bike ride!
Rocking out to the Master of Symphony for Dolphin and Duck!
we definitely stayed in the shade. Did the pull out a win? We left in the middle of the 6th.
": #Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them."
I mailed out Bumpstart #6/7 to my subscribers this week. Hope you enjoy the Cannonball-themed issue!
good cause I wanna be able to look at your face ALL THE TIME!!👍👦👀
some time i feel like a dirty little fuck doll... with too much time on her hands.
#socaqueen...Allison Hinds..."Roll It Gal"...never gets old. Miss the Caribbean in a BiG way...
thank you! yeah, my adorably proud boss is promo-blasting...
RT : YES. "It’s never too late to give up what you are doing, and start doing what you realise you love."
Bradford bad boy <3
Hip hop fans if you like , check out this kid from Maryland #BigShoes It is all in the lyrics.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when ur dumb enough to tie the knot
I thought I too #thingsthatmakemehappy !
Is there a new season of Sherlock on PBS, or still the one from last year?
how about when you use the Google Earth browser "3D" on GeoCommons with uploaded trails?
Jim finally watched Terrence Malick's THE NEW WORLD. It only took him 3 months.
True,i do like the crossed tomahawk logo on sleeve. honestly we hav the best home/road in the league & dont need alts
BigChilln with my sista......i over ♥ this girl
Held store door open, not seeing the 2nd inside door also open. Ran into its edge and almost knocked myself out; black eye likely. Idiot.
I hate back spasms
Alvarez got the edge
Not looking forward to having this conversation...
I'm sitting next to you.
so sorry. we sent you an email. Please check your inbox.
Neal dropping pants
maybe the pages will be more engaging and have more of a viral impact?
Ok thank you I will check your link
the graphics are of better quality though.
Food for thought RT “: Consumerism is ultimately designed to get the middle upper classes to protect the super-rich.”
hey i heard ur a player. nice to meet u, im the coach.
only for people with ten toes! ;)
your the dumbass cause I was taking bout the rest there games!
Thanks! :) RT Favorite talk at #carldigs today was on on-the-fly screencasts for chat reference. Cool idea!
FTFD got added on? where'd you guys see the dates?
Zing. RT Can't wait for the hotel in UT, get electric shocked by the key & relax in a room w curtains borrowed from gma's house
The resort I stayed in while I was in Mexico is on Dateline..
Why was the piano invented? So the musician would have a place to put his beer.
Fuuuuuuck you teen jeopardy. Idiot guessed Eli Manning was Aaron Rodgers. Dummy. Unforgiven
U have to feel pain to know pleasure..😃
miamiblackKOD Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... From South Beach to KOD. Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus service
Mini shopping spree!
Now that the NFL draft is over and all the analysis has been done, it's finally time to shift focus to next year's NFL draft
love it
My gut feeling is Erik D probably can lay down a mean beat.
#What2ChainzWouldSay my head hurt tylenol, ur girlfriend I got her drawls, I ate her up n da stalls, I said ho 3 times Santa clAus
ah yes i knew i heard that from somewhere!
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 1 week. Don’t miss it! This is a performance you won’t soon forget.
san to sfo lowest fare around thanksgiving?
Today's word: inoculate (v, immunize) from COUNTRY ROAD ABC: "I is for inoculate" (a great read, as an aside!)
but all the other ones were really ugly and yuck haha!<3
i wonder how many of you niggas gone end up sugardaddies 40 years later?
Thanks for playing Axford.
lmao then girls are just straight dumbasses
follow me or follow me.
The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.
What's your fashion/beauty goals for 2012?
Ok thats it for me. Have a great night people!
are you on campus? I can surf anything on campus.
Could the Thunder be without Harden and Ibaka in the post-season?
is preparing their best sweet treats that you do not want to miss out for this Sat.'s Island Divine event!...
Honoring drum.: One way to get yrslf a reputation as a dangerous person is to repeat the phrases our founding fathers used.~C.A. Beard
unfortunately, nobody gets cast from open calls...its hard for great talent to get a fair shot under these circumstances.
Unsure which spa service to buy for Mother's Day? Buy a gift card and let her decide!
“: Thanks so much for following! Make sure you have my album, Reclaim Your Land on your playlist! xox”
Words of #EverybodyLies Say they support #GayMarraige but vote for the opposite.
we will miss you tonight!!!
Agree w/ Ron Paul re: jailing people qua the economic collapse...just think it should include people in business, not just govt.
Pausing Pot Luck packing to get ready for this weekend's tours! Who's planning on coming in?
Looking for an event space? Contact Fashion 40 Lounge for your corporate and social event needs. www.fashion40lounge.com
Typical DH project: "Look! I created a map of all the places where Hemingway traveled and wrote!" "Okay. So what and who cares?"
Another great day in offices of Net Tel, rain is clearing here Philadelphia just in time for lunch
a lot of good things, too much to put in a tweet haha but I'm a very happy girl right now (:
Leaving to Vegas tomorrow afternoon!!!
"Not everyone has the same kind of experience, when it comes to observing.." says Orion's poetry editor
Beautiful Monster (:
Hey pretty lady!
Hello Virginia, You are welcome and thank you for your support!
. We're having this conversation and I am not following you. I have fixed this grievous oversight. Forgive me.
And anxiety hits... :-)
There are a total of 8 sinuses -- conflicting views of what sinuses "do"
Tonight is double the troublee we are back to the old days
S/O to and for sitting back and watching me get mobbed outside the comedy club
ur rite. i luv u like a sis. and i already miss u tons. im trying my hardest to not cry my heart out....
": I want some starbucks ."
Looking for fund raising ideas for a family that has hit a very bad stretch of road. Would love to use SM any thoughts would be appreciated.
My hair grows too fast. I feel like it's almost time to shave the sides again
Pros in #WagstaffTrial claims defendant raped and stabbed victim 39 times. Defense says sex was consensual.
I'm sad I missed class tonight ):
On another note...Where does that door go?
Seriously, though. I'm not replacing someone who gets benefits, just another temp, with whom they're not entirely satisfied.
24pts to 12. I hope it happens
Heading too Aj Bombers come join me.
What tournaments would you like to bring to #VanWA? Let us know! We’re here to assist.
Richard being childish.
great another democrat
If Crawford could've come up with that he'd have had Tulo, who was running at a Molina-esque pace up the line.
Never had my picture taken so much in my life by so many differnt people... HA! #ActionOnFilm festival
so inspired by , nathaniel smith, and alex hargreaves last night. we knew they'd be awesome, but we were just blown away.
Niggas lie so much, just keep it real!
...I am picking up some budget narrative pointers from house theory and the literature on inalienable goods. [-]
NYC gay #pride parade today - right after passing marriage equality! Feeling less jealous of those attending #ala11 at the moment.
Looking for a great plumber in the Atlanta area? I recommend Petes Plumbing. They are honest, ethical and professional in everything they do
Chillin with Dj Tribal Touch at Tocabe on 44th and Lowell! He's gettin loose on the turntables right now
Our email server was down - getting back online soon! Sorry folks!
Flattered and happy that you're doing that. The blog has been helpful too in connecting Univ Arch w/ University Communications.
Give me good knowledge!
Happy Father's Day! Continue to be the great fathers you are supposed to be.
Jealous! I waited too long to buy tickets. Waters is (are?) great.
Also thanks for speaking with my lil sis over the phone at RoadRunner Sports in Atlanta early in the week, made her day!!
Seeing you've just missed The Simpsons Mr Plow episode=GUTTED!! Seeing its on channel 4+1 in 30mins=DECENT!!
Congrats man. Welcome to the club.
Um. Feeling a little neglected over here bc of the barrage of NON shoutouts. #jk Super S/O to #shoutitout ;)
That's the snow spirit! Huzzah!
Portland bound...via Bicycle! #STP 204 miles to go.
you're sick
keep it up buddy! lookin good.
First time user and I must say, very nice! Definitely recommend if you need a lift.
Good night n bless night to u all
Who hasn't done their homework? Me...
Kim Trumbull, RN, has been named COO/CNO of Kaiser Permanente's Vacaville Medical Center.
Benefit Concert for San Isidros Elementary! 11/2 @ 7pm in Witherspoon Cinema, $5 includes concert and food! See you there!
Done "trolling" for the night. Time to start packing for New York, seeing as how we're leaving in about an hour...
I have to admit, I'm trying to get a shitload of followers, but I'm not about to spam my entire TL with #TeamFollowBack all damn day!
Come one, come all! This Thursday, September 8th we will be having a #job fair at our Westside Factory Store (3709 Ellison Road Northwest).
Trying to teach my eight-year-old Scrabble is far more fun when we use the tiles to make up words.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/02/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Building products is like cooking. Features = pepper. Pepper adds flavor, but add too much and you've ruined the meal.
Awww... :) RT : Everybody deserves somebody that makes them look forward to tomorrow. is my somebody. <3
First thing of note for 2011? My imdb STARmeter just shot up 256% since last week. Can't be a bad thing. : )
haha my dad always told me nothing good happens after 2am! i dont practice his believes but he is usually right!!
Why is it when we put "a recent study at harvard shows..." it all seems 100,000,000 times more legit??
The ESPN guys are having so much fun talking football! And it ain't fake-that laughter is as real Terry Bradshaw laughin' at Frank Caliendo.
Why aren't my twitter & FB accounts no longer connected together???
When are we going to acknowledge that all we do is complain! Obama is absolutely right!
Excited about our Innovation Panel today with Mark Larson, , , and Andrew Lofts at 1pm at the Del Mar Fairgrounds
Had a great brunch at The Blue Egg in Tosa this morning! Been wanting to try that place for awhile....
I don't think I could ever be in studio again by myself thanks to freaking me out with paranormal activity he experienced.
My people perish for lack of knowledge. ~Hosea 4:6
maybe I can get some good from you where you get it at?
massive thank you to for showing me this fanfic 
sounds awesome!
U'all hav such nice twitter backgrounds! Impossible to keep up. Trying; couldn't live w old one much longer!
You cannot depend on your eyes if your imagination is out of focus. - Mark Twain (writer)
Definitely need to play there. On the conveyor belt.
ah so close! I am super excited about the opportunity to be on the panel. Thanks so much!
I have 4 days to get my Seattle stuff done before I am off to LA for work and a bit of fun, but just a bit! Gotta work hard to get places :)
#NP The Black Keys - Nova Baby. On repeat.
I can't wait to see the interview. ": Thanks to & audience for their understanding about my... #sisterwives"
uh not true.
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND, NEVER LET YOU GO, KEEP YOU IN MY ARM GIRL, NEVER BE ALONE.
OMG! My Favorite Part Of FAME! The Scene Where They're Dancing To Black&Gold! :D
brewed Hazelnut coffee this am from in honor of National Coffee Day! :)
i miss your face
Riding my butt to the #easternmarket. I love
Q posed today by CM Tom LaBonge: Who are the smartest people if you want to know what’s happening in Washington? What do you think he said?
Are you living life like a rock-star?
I want to make a small kickback at my house with a couple friends sometime
Doing very good thanks, what about you?
Did really good on my English test because I definitely BOMBED the last one.
Welcome back #NFL :)
Why am I still awake and with a stomached ache none the less? Argh
Driving with your left foot is a lot harder than I imagined.
"Who could pass this (metal basket shaped like a rooster) up?!" Most anybody with taste. That's who.
With you & still hyped! ": Who else has been up for an entire day #whoswithme Cc "
JUST had oatmeal microwaved with fresh strawberries and blueberries. Similar tasting enough to "cream of" types but healthier!
I picked the right day to take off work. Heading to Welles Park to play some tennis and throw the baseball.
Happy New Year everyone!
Is anyone crying right now cause now we won't be able to say that austin is a 16 year old singer who lives in texas?
Conference on Higher Education Pedagogy. Excellent
Tucson banks did well in third quarter - Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks did well in third quarter Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks and cr
Less we know about ourselves the easier it is to market copy and paste personalities in this cosmic dressing room of material conformity.
MBA programs do take into consideration factors that best fit the working adults.
I would rather "eat cake ", than some future pill that simulates touch ,smell & even taste Same with invites, & art. Recycle yes
But in case anyone's listening, I wasn't mad at you, I simply held you to the same standard to which I hold myself.
Happy Easter! What's your favorite treat you like to see in your Easter basket?
That's too funny! I can envision the student doing just what was described... Great stuff.
did I miss out??? What is
sounds like a project for a Michigan trained engineer! Turn in your Top Secret for a Pop Secret Clearance.
lol yesh. part of my job is to become an uber twitterer so i shall be 'twittling' in earnest from now on :D
yes, hoping for tomorrow!
I'd love to give one a spin (heh), test it on some artifacts, and write you guys a review for its archaeological applications.
If you live in and/or near the city and have a few days/weeks off from school you should head down to liberty park
:-) Thanks Elinor! Happy Wednesday!
Berenstein Bears author died at 88! Those books fueled our storytime for years
Gorgeous!! Both pics, Definitely the darker the better on you though!!
Experience is the best teacher. Some ppl just don't learn until they see for themselves in any situation.
just a simple hybrid - taking the Hank Aaron back to East Tosa - hope we're talking bicycles ;)
The QLC doesn't really have an age-limit! Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com -Do u relate??
Sounds like a buncha swingers, &
Do you tweet like a whore like me?
Remember, Dwight Howard is only 6'9", if you're going with the 'no shoes' measurement.
I guess It's time to let go
I just found a half bag of cinnamon-spice flavored coffee still in the freezer. Oh happy day!
U already know Capt goodlookin bro..get @ me bout that Chrysler 300 Music..L's Up!
USD right now: green veterans share their stories
NAWWWW D: well gotta start over... Sorry that drawing was stupid... xD
Q. I married Miss Right. A. I just didn't know her first name was "Always."
Something with cake
EW, go away gym.
*fixes hair into webcam* LOLOLOLOL
I've been listening to John Mayer all day.
It's not 3am but you rocked my world! Looking forward to feeding this friendship!
That's why Sony restructured--Bail from movie production/distribution but hold patents on all digital video devices? Big $$$
happy b day
That's Korean for "I'm sorry I shot you but I thought you were robbing my store"
Same... check them out www.reverbnation.com/punation what r u listening too?
If a horse is injured in the big race, the horse ambulance will scoop it up. Everybody dreads a catastrophic injury.
digital scholarship?
What I have to say is more important than who I am.
Hardy gets O's out of the inning. Matusz gets to 96 pitches, gives up six hits and four runs in four innings.
Looking forward to the WORT Block Party today! Playing w/ at 11:15am. It's a beautiful morning so far.
RT : Ok this is it. I'm going to bed b/c the iPad is at 8%. #teamiPad.>>Time to re-charge
okay - let's go - for realz! loving the uni's tonight!
Ancient Egyptians considered gold to be the flesh of the gods! Learn more about Egyptian life @ The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.
My little brother just asked the petsmart employee if they had any fire breathing dragons lol
Welcome Did not think u where the Twitter type. So happy ur giving it a try. Peace! Would love the fallow.
Starting to prepare my office in preparation for the move = hilarious. Loving the random items from 2004...
lmk what you think
what is the last digit of the phone number...I would like to sign up Jamie Ann Burke
Every day that a Springsteen Pittsburgh date is not announced a piece of my soul dies.
Thank God my mother taught me how to cook! So many women cant cook nowadays, id go hungry!
Bout to cash out wit my nigg i see wen somebody wana
LOVE your username!
yeah im sure that would have helped your scores...not
Before you crowdfund, read this - VentureBeat
Everytime I make a friend I make a future enemy
what's up!
lmbo, also on new iPhone
Love it. Lol RT : What do you think of my display picture :P
I love the fact that I am the only one at school that has great taste in music!
Don't ever think I'm not working cuz this Mind is always running at 100% . It's just the phones needs to recharge sometime lol
We were together; I forget the rest.
Only 2 more chances to see "The Eight: Reindeer Monologues" - tonight and tomorrow at 8pm!!
o ok(: ahaha i now how to do that on facebook to(:
ONLY 2 PEOPLE FOLLOWED ? LEST GO GUYS FOLLOW ME OTHER TWITTER. I'II FOLLOW ALL GUYS.
#lpr2012 sandefar speaks about education change. Promotes experimentation, school choice.
Being told tht u spend 2 much on #socialnetworks Hmm...now how wud u knw tht? A: Wen u get on u go thru my page or B:(the answer) SO R U! ;)
Today's final film showings: This Is Not A Film, Wild In The Streets, The Patron Saints, Vito, Empire Builder, Pilgrim Song, #MDFF12 (1/2)
If you dont think the Pacers have a shot with home court and the Heat's 3rd scoring option and only big man that's a factor, youre an idiot
Slow start this morning but I will not be denied! Carpe diem!
I'd wax that ass
On the runway - not the fashion week kind.
The most important word when blogging - YOU.
So, like, at one point in one's e-mail career does the "Reply All" syndrome strike and how can we rage against it?
#YouGettinPunchedIf you lay your hands on me and it's not ok with me.
i don't recall that but i prob agreed tho
Garlic Stuffed!
Come see us perform LIVE!! in Sheboygan on St. Patty's Day @ Speak Easy with Digging For Jack, The Ruin and The Faith Hills Have Eyes.
that account blocks me...cant figure out who it is.
Had a fantastic show this evening! Check out my group this coming Wed at The Shrine (2271 Adam Clayton Powell Blvd) 8pm!
Its time to do an official interview for What's your email? Xoxo
love it and so true
Just caught your recent #TinyDeskConcert and I have a question: Where did you get the Rangers t-shirt with the backwards logo?
So exciting :-) My side/fun/hobby-project is progressing nicely. Just hired a design company, which means I have to spend some real money.
aww you're going to make me cry....
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle is trending...lmao. Here it goes...
#YouveDoneItToo prank calls.
Yo ... #IDJpromo is out hitting those streets hard for this "Boyfriend". Get ready homie!!
Bievendido a Miami
Thx RT : Checked out today. Beautiful escape in the heart of #SouthBeach. No ? why it's rated
File this phrase under "things always said too late." RT : Clearly the drinking was not a good plan.
no I'm takin it Friday.and is it the same one artina got?
If my phone was really so smart, it wouldn't have jumped out of my bag in the first place.
Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
thank you Mike!!
Obama wins New Hampshire!
Pray for japan
Hugo Cabret: If you lose your purpose, it's like you're broken.
It'd be cool if everyone could close their car windows. Sick baby raccoon in the backseat?
Who's ready for this week!? Hope everyone has a blessed one!! 😘
if you have to ask, you'll never know.
You sit with the company that invited you. You dance with the girl you came with.
thanks dude what's your bands name?? We will check them out!
Shouldn't be a problem now, we just changed the beta so it's open, no password required to create an account
pretty surprised my screams while running back to my room didn't wake anyone up.
Young people like that are pushing to #bethegoodguys! RT : "We need young people with your moral compass to solve these problems."
This. RT : There's silver lining if Brees gets MVP. I don't want to face Rodgers with a chip on his shoulder in the playoffs.
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, 'I will love you until the last rose dies.
For enterntainment last night I brought my dehumidifier into the same room as my humidifier and let them fight it out.
Welcome aboard! RT : Mealing at the Weary Traveler after a fabulous first official day on the campaign. 238 to go for
YAY! It is NaNoWriMo! Time to put a serious dent in the new novel!
I'll keep that in mind. That's right; some experiences *are* better remembered than re-experienced.
When I listen to Spanish music I have no idea what they are saying but I LOVE the beat to the songs <333
Ass whopin on the job
this is me promising you a wake up call! Be prepared bitch
Thanks for liking my page Sheri! :-)
Fermentis WB-06 wheat yeast went from 1040 down to 1010 in less than a day. temps were around 65 the whole time. Pilsner and Wheat malt...
No answers on #GeekTrivia from : In the new 52, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
A: called together group of marketers on campus to strategize mid-February
Swing by the station. When are you arriving?
yo. weird. app and mobile browse work for me. ?
You traveled back to 1995?
You're really letting go. Do you have Sarah Kenderdine's book in "Theorizing Digital Cultural Heritage" in there, too?
Ive got a pretty good intrumental tape and another on the way. Check it out if you have time, the link is on the page. Thanks -Con
People who have head dimples...!!! Hahaha
My mam wants me to be indie aw
Getting academics to acknowledge that students don't share those beliefs is a big problem for the academy going forward.
It did, thank you for asking. Have a great rest of your day :)
ugh that's a lot of badummmy games. Yuck.
Seriously, you are the MAN for #Mizzou ! Gonna be sending Flip NBA tweets in a couple...
I would give anything to see George Strait or Garth Brooks in concert!
There are 900Mmobile phones in India - parents want to purchase devices to provide better educational opportunities for their children
RT : What a fun #cashmob we had on Saturday! Delicious gourmet chocolate from Loco for Coco! Next mob in 2 weeks- May...
I remember a couple summers ago I was walking through sunset in crestview and all the hoes were yelling "fuck for a buck!"
Big girls whose underwear hangs out -__-
Semester over and done with now time to celebrate with the gals! 😝💁🍻
Thank you. Why so short, I wonder.
Yes! I have class on Mondays and Wednesday, but any other day is good for me.
Happy mothers day! Buy your mom today! She will love you for it!
Been wearing out all of albums. But can't stop!
lmfaaao and its cold poor bairn
Great meeting Disney Channel's Matthew Scott Montgomery at 2011 Youth Rock Awards with ! Good people!
If in theory I was studying business management in college, and I wanted to join the team for experience, how would I do so?
Want Backstrom to get two goals tonight. We need him to play his heart out again.
hey charlie and michael will spider beer be ready for 2012? Jim
This obsession is about to get out of hand.... Thanks , I thought I was out of this damn teeny bopper phase :P
thanks to you girls too!
Condolences goes out 2 the family & friends of the late heavyweight boxing champ/Olympic Gold Medalist, "Smokin'" Joe Frazier. God bless you
is conflicted...
Most grownup-sounding tweet of your life?
“: Had dreams of Miu Miu skirts last night.” hahhaha oh no, fashion rehab
Psssst... Today's my birthday(:
Could be the best charity...thanks coach
Georges at the Cove will present a dish based on "A Sheltering Sky" Join us to find out what Chef Trey Foshee has prepared.
That moment when your laughing at nothing 😝
/// Boston is supposed to sweep Philly......na bro. You guys are NOT allowed to shit on LA tonight LMAO!!!
"you can't have Rolls Royce Dreams with Volkswagen commitment" you must work hard.
Sry we didn't get a chance to respond this wknd. :/ Hopefully, you were able to get your fix!
Finally getting all my follow backs done :) WOO!
Could not sleep at all cause my body was hoped up on red bull, 5 hour energy, and poptarts lol
Wkshops esp in areas they need to boost knowledge. Ex:Creative teach educ for challeng kids bully wksh, invest in on line educ
really makes you wonder what of this is true in terms of the study! chandra levy was found in the river!
#FF on a Monday.
That was emotional...
tell here eye said that means the world to me for her to like it
Heading to now for a great melt facing session! Happy Birthday, !
Tonight I ate a meatball sub for dinner. I hope I get some good windy gas w/ bass to blast out of my ass
RT : No matter the form or size of your problem, God's capacity and willingness to solve it is infinite.
Oh yeah! RT : Pizza on ART Milwaukee tomorrow
Is the Church traded publicly?
yeah. So well try and get more signitures then well try and show him hahaa we got thiss
Are you still friends with Alex? (:
What to do with properties? Revenue Generation ~ lease to community, industry, selling seems last resort.
Chapter 2012 Page 35 of 366 My production level is directly correlated to my ability to delegate. I can't do this alone.
It’s amazing to me how some politicians spin anyone who has legitimate concerns about this country’s income inequality into “a hater.”
Lol yeah, we hung out literally all weekend so i figured why not
Testing Adsense embedded stuff via hootsuite....
Dear sephora. Your noisy DJ just drove me out of the store. This is so not pro sales.
You shooting stills, movies, or both?
i love prank calling, but getting them is so retarted. i hate them. -_-
Punk rock suit night. That old one. Hole and all.
Why do I feel so alone?
Had an excellent meeting of the minds today. Many good things to come! Random note: "probability is luck taken personally".
#MeAndYouCantDate -- because you went behind my back and had sex with 500 girls..then you called my phone when you were having sex...Tf..?
Who's doin 18 this weekend in #denver #colorado?
: Could be applied to almost any type of profession - replace players with students/customers/visitors/investors/guests/etc.
awww....love pugs. Hope they recover well.
You are killing me tonight with wit and sarcasm and the like
Come see Linda's latest creations and get on her list for workshops -- wish her HAPPY BIRTHDAY while you're at it!
If you want some free stuff send your email with your information to . It just makes sense.
#DuringTheSummer I stay up & talk to my friends(:
Yeah that is a great feature. I have it on PS3. Last year it was poor quality on it. This year it's great.
Idk iThink Makin #Cupcakes Brings #Joy To The Room
happy birthday ! Will there be a birthday edition of Collin's Corner??
Looking on the bright side today...
Wow wth I did not mean to see that man again now he thinks I'm crazy gat Damn it and her find bar Louis public house request
#thankfulfor a wonderful day: great people, weather, food, activities, conversation - life.
I must say I enjoy the daily laugh I get when calls someone out for something stupid or cliche on Twitter.
Watching Love & Basketball # Favoritemovie .
To the RWCHNM! Congrats!
one of those days...time to get this chi aligned
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and the rest of the
Thursday night! Bowling Green KY. Newmatic and Halo Stereo at Tidballs. Can't wait to get back to BG, Kentucky!
Seriously, google me & my work history. LOL. I have easier ways to make money. I do this b/c I want to.
All Team Mindless in Chicago....follow me :-)
Portland is quite veggie too. It just takes people to get things going!
I'm now influential in Tardis... despite never having seen an episode of Doctor Who.
Another workout done and now planning to eat Mexican for lunch.
Mr Harrell is everywhere I am....
Certain songs make me think about the one that got away, the one that left, the one that said no, or the one I never told how I feel.
Heyy God bless you sister
THANKS FOR THE MENTION!!!!
6% more to go...lets hurry this along, Im not having much fun
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a stranger comes up to you, hits on you, and you tell her your a homo and she walks off in disgust.
Enjoyed working in the nice weather today, spring cleaning time all weekend long
How geeky am I that I just cancelled my plans for tomorrow in order to watch the GOP debate?
leaving soon for #BCBos - lots of interesting proposed sessions
I hate thta, People judge people without getting to know them first.
Sitting in my car just to listen to a josh Hamilton at bat.
Dont call that bitch a hoe...
Get ready for NEW "Circuits"!!! First song released from our EP. iTunes as well! TOMORROW! Retweet!
