It got hacked?!
Up and at it again
thanks brian :)
I have a feeling were gonna take game 3!
Told myself Never again will i play this stupid guitar! But here i am playing & falling in luv with it Guess beiber was right
Wine Down Wednesday! Last day for Rubicon Cask at $70, this is a steal!! Who wants it?
the 5th would be perfect then! i have class until 1 though, and we're driving from SD so that's why time is a problem..
Hiring Children to Work for Parent's Unincorporated Business Here is a tax-saving idea for those who operate a business... consider hiri…
spit it diff new album soon
“ “ Don't give your all to someone that doesn't give a damn.””
you guys are gon' kill it!
You can't win on evangelicals alone.
headed back to louisiana today! sad to leave my GFM family here in clarkston but glad to be going home :))
oh Snap, Charlie's Angels got canceled, yo you really messed up Minka didn't you?
I fear I've run out of Dustin Penner pancake jokes...
Rare that so many people bring that level of A game these days.
Where's
hey is back :o
thought the Internet was a fad, now relies on it for everything. Whoda thought?
the entire time I've been laughing and tweeting the two offenders sit idol..what a bunch of amateurs..guilty fails.
I've come to the realization that I don't function well without long sleeves.
Ever since you left, I don't dream in color anymore.
One of the best producers
that told the story of the whole fight! Check left hooked that man to death! Lol
follow back please?
unfortunate fact.
YUM! RT suggested 'salad day' at the office to note our progress in Eat Well. Live Well. challenge.
"..It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number, so call me maybe!!"
Green Bay cash in their mulligan early. Another classic example of the Packers playing down to their opponent. Shape up boys!
Ok, who's got the remote control for the sun? Hit 'set' please. It's shining right in my eyes.
I think it's time for another outing! Dinner? Cocktails? Us? Laughter? FUN?!!
Surely Paula..Would Love to meet you
Just felt an earthquake here in Pittsburgh! Crazy!!
“: put ears on that helmet” done!! Thank you you made my day
Theres nothing i love more than pie
Ready for opening keynote with Angelique Kidjo (I love her!), Esperanza Spalding, Santigold, and Heems.
If looking backwards is painful, and looking forward is scary, just remember that God will always be there to walk beside you.
Have you got facebook ?? ♥
bruh why u say that? You don't eat golden krust? I usually go to cliffs on silver star.
I can't believe Fallon got the Pres to slow jam the news.
thank you Anand - I hope they find her!
Eden Fridays Happy Hour rooftop tonite!! Nice and Heated!! Free til 10p
soap vs .... restful
sanding panels all morning-- humidity is lower but it's still gruesome work. #whereISthatassistant?
Been listening to that Brad "Countdown" at 1/2 speed--homeboy is WAY on top of the beat!
did you try torrents already. Thepiratebay.org or demonoid.me
Nice. I've been in a Stones kinda mood today.
Looks so cuddly!
Love hearing the school spirit. Performing arts overwhelms!
Thanks Eric, got myself mixed up!
Holy shit! Not only is bring Ys: The Oath in Felghana to Steam, but also Ys Origin!!! I love you guys so much!
Where is the guy who bashed at the beginning of the season on YouTube now?
dison plzz can I get a Hi or follow me I really want to be noticed by you and tht dream hasn't been comin true so i might give up
OMFG!! I thought ur job title was CUSTOMER SERVICE REP, not make me feel like an absolute idiot rep!!! I would love to choke ur snarky ass
thanks fam... Same to you
Have not been yet. Guess I'll have to decide for myself! ;-)
Raffi Torres is trending. His bank account is decreasing.
Geeks will be at the Jackie Robinson YMCA this Friday 7pm to help get their computer lab back up!
Hook us PC player up too plz! :(
please tweet me this is my last post but i'd like to come on in an hour and you have tweeted me , i hope so much i love you!
well I trust that they r going to do what they wanna do when they wanna do it.
IN SILENT LUCIDITY.
I want to go home this day went from ok to shit... :/
I strongly dislike when asian people pace slowly around my neighborhood with their hands behind their back staring at everything.
New favorite band, can't stop listening:
Happy Valentine's Day!
Me too! Keep it up Trish! RT : I'm super impressed with your early morning writing! YAy you!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. ~ George Bernard Shaw
People, in general, crack me up...tis why I'm always laughing or smiling.
I need a hair do. We need to set up an appointment
Listen to right now "Get it girl" ... I swear got the sexiest voice in the game right now. It goes wit ne thing... keep it upC
Alright, I went to your tumblr.. I followed you guys.. I watched your videos!! NOW DO YOU WANNA COLLAB??
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”
That is marketing skills. Particularly for 's things. As always, WIP.
House boat party at Lake Waco for labor day!!!
An artist life can be so exciting, it's the small things... I did some bees in my paintings this time, Maybe I should do a bummble bee?
Todays controversial question. Are trees bad for retail/urban spaces?
Remember to visualize daily --- it works!
Disappointed in you. You lied to me... Why couldnt you just tell me the truth. I deserved the truth... I think. Obviously you didnt.
100 athletes strong!! And still growing.
When your ex texts you in the middle of the night, "Do you still love me?" Don't think about it, just shoot him.
#ImminentDanger Zander: invited to articulate views, slamming series instead. So much for dialogue
Why is #JessicaBiel wearing that terrible wig?
man I hope so. that Chandler decision is looking worse and worse.
Best of luck this weekend!
The Clinic Highlands...2nd Place Concentrate for Strawberry Cough Nectar!!
idk... ur musical taste is lacking. I mean, this is good ol fashion rock n roll
Booked General Hospital can't wait to film! Had a great meeting this morning taking the next step, and I am now an official member of AFTRA!
You on a role tonight with that cute stuff. 😊
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to #swag out the place (; ILY 1
Joe Johnson. I know... his contract is the worst, but he might be a better fit then Amare
Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh...You said Wang.
I'm just so thankful that no one saw me fall in the movie theater yesterday...
pine cone toilet paper?
: cracking me up on Leno tonight!! Burn the damn skinny jeans!!!!
Biffy Clyro, Chase & Status and Soundgarden are among the new bands added to the Download festival bill.
Hey , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?
I can't even have one fucking day to relax, can I.
Happy Mothers Day To ALL My Mothers Out Here. Especially The Single Mothers. Much Love. Enjoy YOUR Day Of Honor - JayPrince
Thanks for returning the follow, Jon!
Mixed company, but always good fun.
I am trying to find every way possible to injure myself at work so I can collect workmans comp.
Jealous people :)
I'd destroy PACman like a Filipino buffet. Only difference between me and is that he'd make is look good
NEW STUFF COMING TO MOJO'S WORLD SOON!!!! SEND REQUESTS!!! :)
I will
It's Taco Tuesday . . . Rubios FTW!
Are you using the right kind of social media for your biz? Find out how on 4/14 details at http://:socialmedia4entrepreneurs in the DMV area
i miss u guys:(
Needs a model for a hair cut...if interested in receiving a FREE haircut, contact me asap!
going to Austins twitter and seeing he dosnt follow you is one of the most depressing things.
You may never know what results come from your action. But if you do nothing, there will be no result. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
You know it's not gonna be a great Friday when you don't even realize it's a Friday until almost 10AM.
The E Street Band’s Clarence Clemons would have turned 70 today. Maybe he’s playing a gig in the sky…
def! Been great, busy and being creative :)
On my way to Hoosierland where Country Boy is waiting.
i like coto but mayweather may be too tough
Waking up with arms wrapped around you will bring a smile to your face all day! :)
Right there with you. I know it's not their strategy, but fighting for boards is one of my favorite things about the game
Jealousy is really not a good look 4 u
#Pujols is coming to Los Angeles? Good for #ProSkidRow...not good for #stl!! Pujols belongs with the Cardinals!
Which is the best predictor of student success: per child spending, teacher training or parental involvement?
Fire on 6th & Olive is wreaking havoc on traffic - same time as starts.
Our holiday shopping issue is set to go out Nov. 17! Contact before Nov. 11 to take part!
Pierced my nose :)
I love him alot <3 Hes all I ever think about :D
Thanks to the 333rd follower/like-er, musician C. Jenkins. You (and everyone else) make this all special.
So true!“: Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember - A. Einstein
A modern Lysistrata! I love it!
Disneyland Day! Star Tours next!
Up to 500+ followers! Let's make it an even 1000, shall we?
hey hi how are you?
Gourmet Protein - Recipes from Better Fitness Daily Enjoy this gourmet protein packed dish Seared Ahi Tuna (Serves 2) INGREDIENTS 2...
“: I miss you” I miss you!
T minus one hour until #happyhour!
Yay! Can't wait to see it come to life!
you're not so high and mighty now, are ya? eat shit .
wow they got that
Contact and find out how YOU can support their ministry :)
you will love it! that is what i am going for, is a single anywhere in mac. did you get a single suite?
I can unwrap a starburst in my mouth in no-time.
would really help your professionalism if you didn't roll your eyes and pout whenever someone didn't agree with your opinions.
It's time to move on, and i'm slowly getting there,
#Anti-aging foods: #Tuna and wild #Salmon, source of #Omega-3 #fatty-acids that keep elasticity and firmness of the
I think I'm the one of your #fans who's know this....secret /haha/...... :)
Ok I'll hit you up now.
Conrats to #Hugo for 5 Academy Awards!!
One of my cats was glued to the TV watching Animal Planet--hilarious!
Maybe you are getting what you want, it just looks different than you imagined it. Take another look.
yes i do i always show teeth
: Congrats on the boy/girl news! Like you said: just made the best time of the year even better!
Love your pink shoes on the cover!!
Was inspired last night to see plans for center. Paul Epstein and his teens staff are so impressive!
Thanks for the retweet!
I Love Being With My Woman I'd Be NOTHING Without Her
i blame myself for leaving my tumblr open while i went to pee.
just find out are coming back to sacramento! fuck yeah bitches c: of course im going(;
I did! Thank you. Hope you did as well :)
Welcome to Hollywood baby. I'm so proud of you.
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter? Quack! Quack! Quack!
salads are great. So are lettuce wraps (like a sandwich, but on lettuce).
If someone tweets"I would like a followback"would it be mean if I said"I would like to touch Chris's butt but I dont thi...
Better question: What are the chances they actually show up at all today?
Thank ya! RT : happy birthday beautiful :)
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy. Joseph Campbell
Oy. Appreciate the clarification. Your Twitter handle suggests singular, it was a difficult call. I'm a fan either way.
help! stuck in my left-brain thinking about pictures just beyond my imagination; need visual thinking intervention
u say "I like it" a lot. Is that a crutch when you don't have anything else to say? Its okay if it is. Just be honest.
I might not like you, but I agree with that!
Thank you so much!
She used to be the sweetest girll
OMG, Merry Christmas sweetie:)! Thank you so much! How in the world are you?
thanks for coming tonight. And thanks for calling me Erica Gordon :)
And in the far-too-hard-to-resist category. (Wait for it...)
Contraceptive pill has medical benefit - Green Bay Press Gazette
This Friday needs more
can't wait for date night!
can you comment on why physician survey reported mean and not median salaries?
How can dm your crush be trending if you have to......you know......DM it??? Just sayin
omg you've given me yer heart, i promise it to feed it to the birds 3> pappy is looking down on us with a smile on his face x
How about six arms? then we can get food with our beer?
boyfriend Is amazing. Seriously I'm like dying waiting for believe. AH AH AH AH AH
When will you see HPDH2 for the first time?
If only there were some way I could find out what's happening on twitter...
I'm already upset by this episode. Why does Tina have to get hurt for her voice to be heard?
you are very attractive. Sincerely, every girl in the world. <3
only 6 more from having 300 followers... hoping i can get some help from yall and get to 300 by tomorrow!
ah. we've got a ton of jobs running right now. hope to upgrade fairly soon!
If a man is standing in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him ... is he still wrong?
Are there any interesting magazines? We usually keep a selection of current magazines at our locations.
We'd love to make it down there soon! Thanks for the kind words. Let us know when you visit #Albuquerque!
so why do u need a wife today?
Mazal tov to for not having to pack your knives and go. How much money did you take home in total?
Good luck to all the runners and a "thank you" to the thousands of volunteers of this weekend's !
": ": I love you. *erases* I miss you. *erases* Can we talk? *erases* Hi. *sends*""
I fell asleep! I wanna see it.
Looking for a few #breastfeeding bloggers interested in reviewing the San Diego Bebe Eco Nursing Pillow!
Could this zit disappear plz
“: Today's #ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave.<< showing me fearlessness.
#primaryschoolconfessions was back when pizza lunchables had only been out 3 or 4 years and my mom packed us one everyday. We were cool! '93
Do they make Hooked on Ebonics Spanish edition?
So good to hear! Thx for the feedback - we are stocking up because of it!
5 o'clock hit and I started a pot of french press coffee...only way to make it to 8pm bedtime for the ELS! Hope I make it! xoxo
some TBCs detect input loss and give the user the option of inserting either black, pattern (bars), or the previous frame, frozen.
I know that I’m worth the wait, if you can’t wait and be patient for me, then I know that you’re not worth it
yess same section! and can you do it over the weekend?
Oh, Christ. #Law&OrderSVU jumps the shark next week w/episode starring Martha Stewart.
Just attended the Junior Achievement Career Day @ Duq. Univ. The group of 5th graders that came through were great.
I did and did. Hope things are going well for you!
Nutrition for Those with Cardiovascular Disease | Natural Holistic ...
Jon Huntsman makes the most sense out of any of these GOP candidates. Polling currently at less than 2%.
TED AND VICTORIA WERE SO CUTE AND THEN ROBIN IN THE WEDDING DRESS MY EMOTIONS OH MY GOSH.
is it me or is every one trying took hook for for the fall
omg thanks!!
Just discovered something that will combine my addiction spinning with my day job: ! If I win I'll bring it to my 200 person office.
the JPA 5k is one month from TODAY! Register now at www.juvenile.org!
congrats. I just hope I can see it before I am too senile to remember what in the blue hell a redblue is!
hell yea! but yea after dat nigga brittany graduates its straight to her party & beyond
that was nice of you to give him money, but even nicer that you raised your arm up for the "blood in the sky" part... lol
Kevin southern, Brian safe, Michael creative. Tell us something we don't know.
Wait a minute, you're already Future Anna to the Present Anna I was tweeting to. So go for it.
Finally a hit..
Outstanding veggie chili at indy's old point tavern
I love Muji containers! You guys should see those
I wonder how much the actors get paid off of al the trillion repeats of Law & Order?
Oh you know, just watching some Charlieissocoollike videos this morning because I got ready super quick.
Oh, , you give me such great free stuff. How did I ever live before you came along???
Newport beach :)
I think any call made in your favor is madness.
cooling it and you
Very cool. Thanks for the heads up.
I've decided to call you the lady in red those shorts were awesome
keep it.. #besmart cause ish breaks down lots
Indiana announces proposed Duke Energy settlement
Hanging out with you!
Hello everyone! ust here on the Vineyard stalking POTUS!!! Wish me luck!! Only one sighting so far...
Will you ever shut up and just stop talking or..
I do not wanna work today ughh
yup! On 15th and 6th ave. great neighborhood Go to Mae (greatest consignment shop in the universe). Tell Marcy I miss her.
It's simple: new customers mean new jobs
I cried when Rue died.. All three times I saw it and I will always sob like a baby at that part. :'/
But yes, "Thanks for reading." is about all you can say.
oh lol sorry my bad
Got the day off, why am I incapable of sleeping in ?!?
- It's a compliment! :) I love the record - his languid vocals and bleak lyrics on "Afraid of Everyone" are a tonic of sorts.
So excited for the finale tonight!
is great one to follow for wisdom and inspiration.
NNRC is exhibiting at the #Paralegal Management Show, #IPMA, in Boston next week. Attending? Visit us & learn about our nationwide services
sure hope you didn't copy my bracket like you said you would ;)
Missed the show
The hooks are in, I'm afraid.
Search terms that brought people to my website: roman circus; coal tragedy; teaching was exhausting though I had summers off; women judge
personally I thought the beeping added something, it was like beeping: BITCH. PLEASE. BITCH. PLEASE.
My dream is to meet Chris Brown in 2012
That is awesome! Tomorrow is a big day. What a blessing for your kids. I'm on month 60.
I miss my faux hawk :((((
Am I the only one that can't listen to What A Catch, Donnie without listening to Sugar, We're Goin Down afterwords?
What do you guys think about SOPA / PIPA?
If I Die Tomorrow just know i love you.
I'll be on the lookout.
Braces off!!
I'm not a smart ass. I am just intelligently witty with my responses.
Loved the first day at my new internship!
Peter Angelos just left the press box area. He's rarely seen at #Orioles games these days.
you not responding to email since it is social media day?
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Thank you for the mention! was so much fun!
Reagan. Drink.
Listening to on the way to school with
Pool needs more hours, open on Sunday. #Briarwood revitalization meeting.
Where is the best place for coffee on the beach in LA?
16 days for my birthday!!! :)
The poems flowed perfectly yo.
The current Paradigm Shift is driven by 3 technological advancements 1) Mobility 2) Cloud Computing 3) In-Memory Technology
"Don't bang girls from Jiffy Treat. Just don't do it." Wisdom of
Panos has done a nice job with Bullwinkles in Brookfield..great sports collectibles on display!
thanks so much, I've learned from the best! Hope to catch up soon!!
Did you know seniors have a special rate with us? Visit our website for more details.
hello all pretty good
Bringing beer and cupcakes to the party. I better get some birthday sex from the birthday boy.
yea have fun man. Idk what was up with u last night. Smh
Had a one year old's bday party at my house yesterday. It was fun! Dont have kids so I wasnt sure if I had kid proofed the house correctly.
No shirt, no shoes, no pants??? exactly what kind of service are you expecting, Sir!!! You know this is a holistic dry cleaners, right?
I had the opportunity to meet Drew - a true gentleman and class act
WHAT IS THIS VELVET!
okay its fine(: just please keep me updated! dont wanna miss it!
--> so how does one get paid to tweet?
Do you curse/swear alot?
Checking out this event at tonight
It's 11:00, and I'm already falling asleep.
RT : Conquering my allergies to head to after work for 's #twtup. #SMtrumpsDayquil Bravo !
Cleveland auto show
I don't sing Tssf songs, I yell them. \m/
at CBC's but leaving any second
There were a number of baseball signings on Monday with spring training camps set to open later this month. More on the signings later.
daww i love you too!
Man, look! That track is so freaking great-- and how it goes into 'The Art Of Death'?! You #won with that one, bro! DEFINITELY!
I will. Never heard of it. Thanks for the tip!
When words fail, what will I do? When words fail, how will she know how I feel? When words fail, will I fail too?
1st panel at #Academedia conf #GeorgetownCCT "Spicing Up the Classroom": Laurence Peters; Hall Davidson, Discovery Education; Eric Goldstein
Two good rides in Oelwien IA this weekend, Great pics but AT&T sucks so they will upload on the ride/drive home when my phone works again.
RT : RT "Worship that is not based on God's Word is but an emotional encounter with oneself" (Lutzer).
First weekend without plans in ages... lets see where the day takes me.
Okay so now I am addicted to Buffy.
I just noticed I have 15 extension pieces I don't even use
Hanging out with the boys eating some pizza , ,
pain makes people change
That's what I'm saying. I wrote a song recently called Overtime which talks about walking out cause the boss wants to stay.
Could Poe turn out to be the C.J. Sapong of this draft? I certainly hope so.
We're inside in 222. Surge Squad banner is hung with pride.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: Which actor/actress has appeared in the most Tim Burton films? JENHYNDPOP
then go to bed
Take an eraser to erase that tear, take a pencil and then draw a smile on your face.
RT : The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.~ Arthur C. Clarke
Tied a blanket around my window
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz .
I have a major crush on you kimmel is this really you tweeting?? C'mon boner? really? : Boner is a funny word.
I just saw a guy wearing a beanie and gloves... I know it's not 80 degrees anymore but dude come on
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. Les Dawson
how are we hashing? #CIFF #ciff #36thCIFF #CIFF2012 or other? Upper, lower, inner, outer?
Got a Goliath-sized problem? How do you respond: "He's too big to hit" or "He's to big to miss"? via
check JollySavers.com out....support local
"Daddy, that boy is playing a drum with a tree."
thanks for the shout out!
I'm gone continue to let that nigga thank that shit clean lol but that's my boy I'm gone get him right
And is set in Burbank RT : it wouldn't be the same. The only true Awesometown includes the entire #Chuck cast
I'll be in the IND airport for the next six hours greeting CKI Leadership Academy participants. Should be a fun day!
str8 chillin...the rain has arrived
nicely put!
Project Runway message..you can wear it but better to believe in it...
Very happy that my big bro is ok. & home.
i got mine to :D
congrats on the teaching prize, PC!
right you know its over too hahahaha
Bonnie & Clyde took over Atlanta last night! Ahh what beautiful hazy memories :P
Thanks to GKV () for opportunity to work on the presentations.
sounds good then! I'm there!
Great show tonight in Mississippi you guys rocked!! Jacksonville, FL you're next see ya tomorrow. (:
Changing my name and installing Vista SP2...
I'm just going to leave the tylenol on my desk if anyone else needs it. It's that kind of week
Alert: Our Redmond Shop has sold out of our #DOFL Smokin' Hot Cheese Dogs! Keep shopping in support of Buy meat, save the world.
cause you have no past. NAH
I couldn't agree more. If you have XM, he's your only choice right now.
Our hotel at #casesmc is only a 9-min walk away from Intelligentsia Coffee Bar. Oh yes.
Aren't you followed by ? That's a follow I need!
makes 'the moment' go from last 2 1st thing on mind just bumping shoulders like strangers. MIRACLE! ;)
Great day at Plan to return next year. Loved the museum. Hope can someday have one like it in Speedway.
Ugh at home didnt go to school dudnt get in from Minnesota till 3
(JonnyPendragon) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, Jonny Pendragon!
ya, not without Gozer anyway
i have been readin these if you follow ill follow you crap i been following her and still dnt have anymore followers
Wow Albert Tate changed my life. God this is my life, but I'm done with it. You can have it, I know it's not perfect but it's all I have.
well let's hear it guru? Remember your working with Fish Murphy Metta(rarely shows up) Kapono
We had a great time at the LA Shorts Fest! Now let's make some more movies!
I hate you Caitlin that's what I was going to get.
I know. Sheesh.
We did not run a contest yesterday.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season. -Mary Todd Lincoln
Thanks. RT : This is your Go Purple Friday reminder... Get your purple ready!
Well I always seem to screw everything up
Off on this Saturday night and not sure what to do, back in pittsburgh A nice glass of wine sounds just about right.
Reverend Raven starts in 30 minutes are you here?
Hell no! I love but my #Broncos always come first! I'll cheer Tebow on except when he is playing my boys! Lol
2 police cars at Dewitt & Hume and a third siren on the way - something's not right.
this just came out today
Smile. Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends? Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over. ~ Walter Anderson
No! I don't work there...maybe ill try it at the water library ;)
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH ME ON MAY 1ST!! THIS SUNDAYY, CHANNEL 14 @ 6 P.M.!! AH SO EXCITED!! :)
Being Poetry!
it's okay :) I understand. I'm taking summer classes too. Just givin you a hard time.
Electronic Health Records (EHR) - how to solve the unique identifier problem and follow privacy laws?
Shrine it is!
Florida State in high standing for NCAA Tournament - Boston Herald Found on Bing
if only I had these problems. I made the guard I teach at do Philobus stretches today #whereismyflexibility?
Registration day mehhh
Him and Shurmur were together w/ the Eagles for 7 years i think. Im sure that had something to do with it. Im doing good! U?
WAY TO GO Really happy for you :)))
Literally eating by myself at mi pueblo.
RT : "So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads." - Dr. Seuss
Look at those wheels #Helton!!!
Thanks fabulous lady!! Love the love! Especially with the
So last night was fun. Thanks to our Marine folks for keep coming. It's always nice to see you guys ;D
Lights by: Ellie Goulding..
no more house arrest!! HOLLLLLLAAAA!!!!
he watched it in the hospital. Then passed away thursday
CONGRATS!!!!! Keep chipping away, one day and one LB at a time!
O.o
Have a great night to everyone, and remember Jesus really does LOVE YOU
I would be really glad to help!U're right.It's rainy?Let's relax at home!:) At least u.I gotta study.It was nice to meet you :)
Congratulations to #Avalon Consulting for the #MarkLogic Partner Innovation Award.
which wireless microphone do you prefer to use with the iphone4/4S? Still Sennheiser? If so, which model? Thanks!
Seriously people, stop using John Galt as your troll handle.
What did you do? LOL
Go Bobcats!!!
I think its Budweiser time
99 problems. Solve them all with yoppaz
I don't care if vinny is 15 years old , he will always be that 13 year old boy with the gawk hawk & braces that I f eel in love with
Oh, then maybe that thing you retweeted doesn't express how I feel about The Corrections.
Funny How You're Dead When People Start Listening .... O)+>
don't worry I have a lot to testing is over and they gave us so much homework to do.... And hope you get well soon :)
When are u guys going to make some Wrex or Grunt plushies!?! I wouldn't mind a Garrus or Legion plushie either :p lol
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
gorditas! that looks awesome...now craving Mexican
When they end!
Wow, Fielder to the Tigers, just like all those reports on Twitter had been saying all along
Way to have more women entrepreneurs inovlved is to go where you don't typically go and think differently
John T*rry owes someone a beer. Actually, a keg. RT : Hold on a tick....RT Game off.
Saying the #Avengers is the best movie I've ever seen may be an understatement. It was perfect.
Prom dress check! Prom date check! Im ready and excited :)
hey what time do we have to be at school tomorrow for the meet?
The frizziness of my hair is directly correlated to how stressed out I am that day.
#shoutout its all about basketball....
Glad you enjoyed it! Those are always fun to do. Didn't I talk about leather hula hoops?
Just fuck his emotions ! He still wants me I already know ... He's just afraid to show it
RT : NEW AGE HUSTLERS
Very very busy day today...good.
My advisor may be presenting poster Will let you know. Would love to meet.
hurry up and get that song out there already, jeeze! We're waiting! =]
At the #artsforum hosted by to discuss libraries as cultural hubs with , , and
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. - C. S. Lewis
What are your top 3?
#ctvff i vote selna gomez cause she has that kind of style.
gea they have a 762 (308) can. Think I'm gonna buy the rem700 in .308 and eventually get a threaded barrel for domination
Happy Halloween! Be safe everyone...
The Odds Are Always Against Me But I Always Beat Them...
FEAR THE BLUE.........CARDS WE'RE COMING FOR YOU!!!!
Wait-- I have minor MS.... Holy Fuck Get me my medical marijuana card ASAP.
has boarded the plane. Goodbye California (for now)!
Does anyone do original reporting anymore? I feel like the news media around here is just a giant game of telephone.
I don't even want to go there!
10 men Americans admired most in 1970: Nixon, Billy Graham, Ted Kennedy, LBJ, Humphrey, Agnew, Nader, the Pope, Bob Hope, George Wallace
I could eat breakfast for all 3 meals of the day and be totally okay with it..
we can't wait to listen to our childhood friend, Bob Scanlan, broadcast the Padres/Dodgers game on Wednesday. Go Bob-o!
chiles orchard in crozet is looking for an assistant manager
Something to ponder - four years after Katrina, and seeing the empty stores/abandoned restaurants, what is the economic future of the N.O.?
RT “Indigo Girls Live at the Roxy”comes out on DVD 11/17!
your a straight clown
Will u follow me for my birthday? It's june 9 it's ALMOST close lol
The Goldy Shirts will be shipping on Friday (12/16)...and will arrive early next week for your Christmas celebrations!
ITS KOBE FAULT FOR TURNIN THE BALL OVER THAT CHANGED THE GAME
Going to see with just 8th at 4 days before I graduate! (: so stoked to see them again!
You really no how much money is worth when your stuck in the jungle with a hundred dollar bill and no food.
Very cool. Got my attention.
Ha! Don't even want to imagine that.
your actually on Twitter? Woah :o
You hating on me? thats not my problem, we living in ah world where people talk shit.
lol. Where you at?
Have any old books lying around? Donate them today for our fall book sale!
#MyThoughtsDuringSex , I hope he makes me SCREAM his name ! Best Sex
Job alert - Business Attraction Associate 2 support 's core mission 2 promote quality jobs & improve regional competitiveness
The future is here. It's just not widely distributed yet. ~ William Gibson
actually, only 2.14285714 × 10 to the 11th power percent make the NBA.
I honestly would never tell ANYBODY who got pregnant as a freshman "congratulations", more like sucks to be you.
Saw you at Twin Hickory last night, but didn't get a chance to say hello.
My timeline is super hilarious right now talkin about Real Housewives of Atlanta LMBOO! XD
follow me pretty please:) please please please
I ope the weather don't play this rain shit tmrw ☔☁❌
Totally agree Luke. The guy can really go given the right situation. Flacco to Moss in 2012!
There only so much lurking you can do, until you look sketchy kid.
"Why did the bear cross the mountain?" "To take a dump in MY YARD!" - our postman
-Building chemistry isn't all on the coach, your best players have the best
Gahh!! Okay, we will wait because we love you!
OK i think i like the first dance group they were like....WOO freaky but still why GTB #6 JAACKKKKEDDD UP
my mac is a whore, but i don't know what i would do without it. i think i would cry if any other computer was my daily one
I bet you went on that Lilo & Stitch ride at Disney a gajillion times. :P
Nice win for Real nice.
Only you can love me this way<3
magical, isn't it?
Gonna get some carribean food
we can but no one will read them haha
In my world, there's no contest. Mexican will always win.
Nguyen says its payback time. Not sure what that means
true life: it will be. I'm doing this tonight, but different team/beer. Good luck for your team and applications!
you were my 100 follower!!(:
Blessings to you also RT : : thx, blessings on your ministry!
thanks bud.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who just cant stay in a relationship long ! lol
My kids were scared of the #HEB commercial. They are equally scared of Gaga.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: "Designers wonder you you bought your shoes. Developers look at your feet when you talk."
got it! great video and beautiful artwork, thanks so much for sharing w/ us! :)
Still can't believe the way 1980s video games bring faculty together. Thanks & !
Thanks for checking out the site and spreading the word! Looking forward to hearing what you think of some of the recos!
well we love alcohol and hot women in school girl outfits so... We shouldn't have much of a problem
soundsI just bought new cleats too. & ya 4 sure we'll practice I'll teach you how to go beast mode. K I'm noddin off nitenite Tawny!
I love March Madness!!
“: dinner? Lunch Saturday?” Off for family weekend. Thanks
Stop with the sharpie eyebrows.
I think that's what the power switch does.
I'm gonna regret this night. But in a good way.
I think that's pretty fucked up, if you ask me.
I swear that the old guy from "Trading Spaces" works in my building. Everytime I see him in passing I have this urge to trip him.
Leaving #SECNOLA St Patricks Day parades still running strong in Metairie. From arena take I-10 west to Airline go west to Causeway.
I'm my system still one of your best songs
Congrats to Bubba Watson the 2012 Masters Champion!
#BIGTIMEMOVIE!! IS ALMOST ON SO EXCITED TO SEE IT .I LOVE .SEE YA GOTTA GO GET READY HEHE
we need a bunvac6000.
New Friends
Can anyone recommend #archives or #archivists on #tumblr?
☺ RT : 14 days left until the best physiques in the Northwest - the nation - and a few countries - take the Emerald Cup stage!!
I volunteered to give it a go tomorrow in 's thread. I shudder to think how great this could be at Penguincon.
Austin causes me to wake up saying "Maybe I will develop a good singing voice one day..★"
RIP Whitney! :(
And the possible coronary for a few weak hearted? As a photographer always loved your posts from mgf to here.
Apr 18,1942: The first American bomber attack on Tokyo.
Google "Let It Snow"
you're welcome x
Hungry af finna eat n the d.t.m.f......
So on my way home i had an idea and i think we shuld have a #scarewar between us !! what ya think
Rod Blagojevich reported to federal prison in Littleton today. I bet he could have benefited from the services of a forensic psychologist.
i want one lol
America is not the only place abortion occurs
suck a dick tubby :D
Lovely impromtu catch with at lunch. Xx
Towson's Robert Nwankwo is the only player in the CAA averaging over 12 points, 9 rebounds, 2 blocks and 1 steal per game.
I will most likely need a couple clean pair of undershorts that day!!
Why did my roommate act a lil' negative about being associated w/a business card from a guy who works for minority rights a bad thing..?
It's almost Friday yeah
I've heard there's a lot of promiscuous sex. Need to start watching.
Only teams with a STARTING QB need.
What Supreme Court case, preceded by Pres. Adams's "midnight" appointment of federal judges, established #JudicialReview the US?
Alright Talkin Turkey gobblin over to cater party for Mayweather event tonight
Here if you need me.
did they build that?!?!
bet, ill check you out over there when I get a chance.
Why are they rereleasing old movies in 3D. Come one Hollywood just move forward with new movies. WTF!!
Yes Screen Gems is coming!
“For freedom Christ has set us free; stand firm therefore, and do not submit again to a yoke of slavery.” Galatians 5:1
I'm playing the Les Paul tribute on #google. Very cool.
I originally began driving a cab to pay the bills while I contemplated a career.
starting a photography blog...stay tuned
oh it was out of the ordinary here too!
I hate playin the waitin game. Will he text wont he text? Does he like me like I like him? Oh this is so high school lol!
Welcome! Hope you have fun. RT : Hello Vegas, my best frenemy.
damn those are sexy!!! They're perfect for you :))
It's not the things I know that I don't know, it's the things that I don't know that I don't know.
lmao yes and lame ass *$
My soon-to-be-grad-student all jazzed about lecture from , now ready to go hit CF&I archives in Pueblo!
#NOWFOLLOWING , follow them NOW NOW NOW GO :D
that's in line with my last experience in the agency world, we were treated like domestic help most of the time too
i love dinos.
I know, it's really kicked off today!
They should have edited out the part where he double-dribbles... :)
I'm on now - was away from the net for the weekend... what's up?
Hey everyone please tag us to your #FF today! Don't forget today @ 6pm EST we're releasing the "Babyface Nelson" music video!!!
Lol this is true.
No, not anymore. I used to have cheat days but started getting sick after eating gluten. I'll occasionally have a GF treat.
#iplspring significant, nontrademark, uses of the mark = aesthetic functionality, undermine TM protection
Today is awesome, revisited. Probably because I got something like 9 hours of sleep last night due to passing out post-
I loved trial and error... only because I didn't have to buy ink. Lol.
Jpro120 hell no lol we got smoked. Celebratoing a teammate's birthday. 2 shots in + 3 beers anf im hammered
completely adorable!!
this is going to be a greeat summer, i just know it!!
"Self-discipline, although difficult, and not always easy while combating negative emotions, should be a defensive measure. At least we w
FBI, Scottish prosecutor visit Libya for Lockerbie bombing investigation - Fox News
Tragic trip on Andover. Two friends killed in crash. Woman accused of driving drunk and causing it. More at 5:30 on
Exciting News! Our Second NWA workshop series starts this Sunday afternoon in Springdale. Stay tuned for updates and pics!
i'm not gonna give up i don't care how many followers i lose I just care about meeting you for my birthday tomorrow.
#20ThingsAboutMe, I'll never be the one to bring someone down, it just makes me feel bad afterwards.. I like to think highly of everyone
Review: Amazon Kindle Touch | Organizer
Missing my Washington friends
I wanna see this hot police officer. There's just something about a man in uniform XD
what time are you skyping tonight?
chula vista
Today I discovered, in front of a large group of new people I just met, that I've been saying elitist as a-light-us my whole life instea ...
But I’m not giving up on this; we’ve come too far Just to throw all we have into the wind
Your so so so welcome sweetie!!:D
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!
#Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
I like your at name
Hi Jeff. So glad you enjoyed our panel. We had a great time. Thanks for the shout out.
Developing an email strategy helps determine the frequency as well as the content of each email being deployed. Eventually your customers...
yes! One of the best for sure.
Life is no brief candle to me.It's a splendid torch which I've got a hold of for the moment & I want to make it burn as brightly as possible
The help desk woman at Continental Airlines was so nice that I only want to fly with them now. What happened to other customer service a ...
Hahaha she thinks she can do all this shit to me when she's never been in my fucking life and now she decides to be my mom.
lol I shouldn't of talked him into it
Just me and my daughter....only one person missing my other half Lamar!!!
- what time does the event start again?
Started my day out with perfectly straightened hair. Now it's frizzy. -_-
Still waiting on #oomf to hit me up so I.can see were her mind at
I think snark is fat-free though.
I need to have me some fun this weekend
Anything that requires me to think, can
Welcome to the Facebook launch site of In Your Shoes Graphics
Practicing in McLean today. Working with area dental specialists for the best care for our mutual patients.
Bus is here!
happy anniversary iconiacz<3april 14,2011; the day we all started to love ,a day ill never forget<3love u boyz with all my heart!
Appreciate candidates that are running for SD offices that use Twitter to interact w/ the public. Robotic endorsement announcements r dull.
lls well thats down right disrespectful
Shout out to my young ... We be swervin in the streets
I don't know what that means. But I think the Newark airport is the worst.
Do you know a Set Designer? Are you one? Let's talk for 10 minutes (and you might change the world).
It's gonna happen. 🐺🐺🐺 “: I feel like I'm becoming an #alphamale just by saying it so much :D ”
Their whole athletic program will be tainted
"Do you want to go for a walk with me?" "Sure." [translate: sure, because saying 'no' lowers future sex probability 74%.]
Actually the fun part is that I'm heading back to UAE *-*
TGIF! We've almost made it to the 2012, y'all! Celebrate with us tonight, we're here until 11PM and ready to offer you all some great deals!
You could see it coming, I could see it coming, it was apparent how they easily could lose that game, and yet...and yet...
Netflix needs to step it up on the Christmas selection, I didn't get an apple tv to not enjoy Christmas movies..🎅
So sick, wish I could go to sleep, but I can't breathe.
Well it was tight but for Meryl 17 is a charm
Bananas for fruit salads will keep their natural color if sprinkled with powdered sugar or lemon juice
not you too...it's an epidemic
Looks like I need to stay away from coffee for the next few months. My body hates caffeine, all of a sudden.
BEAUTIFUL weather Natchez THE last remaining steamboat on Mississippi river. "Big wheel keeps on turnin'" Check us out. DUKES are on deck.
Robert Downey, Jr. can't stand on an apple crate now
Never, never, never, never easy
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Much respect to you, Mr. Hall.
Check out #valentinesday posts full of poetry, photos, ruminations and rants via
RT Also, Mancari cleared waivers. RT : According to TSN Matt Ellis has been waived.
funniest guy on Twitter!
Hm.....interesting :)
mine too<3 it takes good care of me(:
next months meet-up on Sept. 21, will be about Audio Description. More details to follow.
My sister is hysterically laughing at me. I ask her what's so funny and she tells me," you have long hair and skinny legs." what the heck?
R.I.P. Tony DeZuniga. Always a shame to lose anyone in the comics world, even more rough when it's someone so damned talented.
We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!
haha yes they do !!!!! Like AsAp but right now I'm in the states for a school trip LOL & it was so fun today but were going
heck ya it's only getting warmer right? Calling all divers let's go diving
what is up with people not knowing how to drive in parking lots?! nearly got rammed twice.
About to go blow a paycheck at Keeneland. Who's with me?
...It looks like you"ve hit a following limit. I went to your facebook account to request to join. Thank you :) Kasia
RT : "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
wish I could hahah :) but I unfortunately can't
what event in AZ?
happy easter to you indeed!
That's fantastic.
I love hearing the indy cars on the track from my backyard :)
I just had a cinnamon raisin bagel without the dang raisins
Studying abroad or taking a leave of absence for Spring 2012? Please remember, December 1st is the cancellation deadline!
Still waiting for James Franco to announce an Oscar Wilde biopic...
Happy mothers day to all the mama's out there! Hope your loved ones treated you extra extra special today! :)
Not yet I haven't. Lol
RT : Principle of Most Time: Most elegant & simple solution to any design problem will be the one that requires the most dev effort
Serenity Affairs: Hello May
yo yo hit me phone bro
David Guetta looks too much like for me.
Awesome performance by last night! Loving the new album and the handmade cd cover!
yoooooooo, we gonna chill today or what?
Thanks for the RT on our May 16th Career Fair in #ROC - hundreds of qualified job seekers to fill open positions!
Ha! Thanks mang! I'm glad you picked up on such subtle subtext.
I felt much the same when I said hello to you at Sasquatch while wearing a WFMU shirt.
Just had a SUPER FUN Skype visit with 's awesome 6th grade class!
everything you post is relevant as fuck.
how r u this evening sweety and the fam??
Ah! It now exists!
I swear was my favorite bad girl. She defended herself to all them bitches and pushed through!
Second day at work and they named me "MVM" Most Valuable Mexican.
Definitely not one of my best days /:
being single = less drama, but lonely. being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. choose wisely..
Did any of my followers buy Lana Del Rey's Born To Die album? What do you think? I'm listening to it right now...loving it so far.
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!
No, you really should go.
It's so fitting that it was my favorite player too, Mike Green.
RT : Hate texting people first&gt;&gt;
“: Awesome #FollowFriday ” Thank you!!!
yes you :)
Thanks ushers!!!
I hope you get motorboated by a fucking porcupine!
Pinterest can be used in the classroom setting... ask me for ideas...
OMG! I've been looking for this movie since I saw it in my Irish Film History class in 2004! You must watch...FLYING SAUCER ROCK & ROLL!...
I don't have plans to go to that concert just yet, but that could change in the future ^_^
at my movie theatre they gave away glow sticks that say never say never! i didnt get one, i got my tickets online! :(
aw, jordyn! I miss you too and you definitely made my day with that tweet 💚👍
Don't want shit to do with nobody from that way , mfs be playing BOTH sides .
Glen Campbell said "what do I do? Where do I go? I forgot" #alzheimers...poor thing
Shoot--did not know about the businessman special! Will know next time. :)
#Lyra12 according to Cross in 2012 we should watch for more software & services and supplies price increases,
hope there aren't any rolling blackouts. You should be tops in box office this weekend
Boston with the winn!!!💚
I love my special someone more than a nerd loves math class
awww man, I thought the #lakers were on tonight, LOL!
Gonna start writing my iconiac love story again!! Anyone who hasnt started reading all the parts i wrote are in my favs!!!
I'm goin to get a phone in just a little :)
The move into our new office is complete!! I have now taken over a bigger room at home...plenty of space to move about and store equipment!!
self-high-five
I just got home from a family reunion, and it surprisingly went really good. No food was even thrown. Thats always a plus. :-)
You couldn't bring over a casserole but a severed hand is okay?
More great DHWI instructors: [+]
well I have spell check**** haha only apples wouldn't know that!
Gusgus! Why does it always go back to prison?? whats that phrase u love so much??
KOA all day
No names of suspects will be released in #hazing homicide, says State Attorney Lawson Lamar. 'We never shy away from difficult prosecutions'
Grammar : It's the difference between knowing your shit & knowing you’re shit.
RT If you have an opinion on what other adults do consensually w/ other adults when they take their pants off, you're a weirdo.
check your inbox :P And I can find more lol
Your Twitter handle is adorable!
Im up here rockin this light show!! And i'm workin the sound board
Middle fingers for everyone who slandered Braun`s name the last 3 months.
Feel bad for if #UKBB and #IUBB meet up for the #Sweetsixteen!!!!
Spring cleaning in the air. 2 car driveways cleaned $75 when you mention twitter, vegaspressurewashing.com
My manager told me im beyond my years
wait! We never confirmed a time! I have meetings at 2,3and 430..
ur still a bitch
Hello my friend! How are you?
Remember why you started this dream...
I can't keep up with Facebook Twitter and Instagram all in one day.RT
if i let you drive, it'll take us two hours to get there, not thirty minutes. :p
This Sunday 7pm, Random Row Books July's Secretly Y'all Event: Secret Shame! Bring $5 and a chair. WE're going on hiatus in August.
I heard Lee JunKi's album is #5 on Japan Single Chart. Thank you !
R/T--I ask myself that daily.Not random at all #FACT...“: “ Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!”””
How was your New Year's Eve at Smokin Hot Aces??
at Quaker Steak and Lube with Jimmy Hart. Here till 9 come down
I'm still awake and I have to get up early in da morning sux cause I can't sleep in till 3 in da afternoon it sux big booty
twins didn't lose today!
A smile is a language everybody understands. It costs nothing but creates much. It happens fast, its memory last forever. Keep smiling.
FOR SOME REASON i CNT..i WOULDVE BEEN SLEEP WHEN i GOT OFF WORK...
Headed to lunch with little man then Ulmer Sc for the night. Next stop myrtle beach
You have to seek opportunity.
Thank you so much! I have just submitted my play "Falling Awake" to you. Much gratitude! Matthew Ethan Davis
not his gut he is listening to, it is much smaller and further south
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she laughs when you fart
body hurts 4rm 2 days of skating plaza nd karma there no skating this week
"uh Tom, that's not a microphone. that's a pen."
Blake is doing a great Novak impression.
hey, for those who've been asking ... just found out there's a GA floor at Radiohead's April 9 show at KeyArena
crutches adult
followed! n sure i'll try my best(:
Bob Walk tonight can be called "Booger"
Thank god they changed the music for the corre ! the old music sucked !
we tried getting a hold of diego but he didn't respond, jose and i are down for chumash or something
let's do dinner Wednesday, my treat. I only have PR events in the AM and opening night is Thursday
Nothing like a little advanced pilates to humble u quickly... That chicky kicked my arse.
Drowsy, stressed, annoyed... and this dog <
Sic Semper Tyrannis => Thus ever to tyrants, motto of the State of Virginia
aka Tony Gumbo keepin it #professional tonight. Nice win #brewers!
My bangs wouldn't be like this if I never cut them in the place. If I do, it'll to get the ends off & won't do anything drastic
Thanks! Oddly enough, the headache seems to have gone away while I was at work. Huh.
How long before the Queen of England coins a "Charlie Sheen"-ism and puts him in the dictionary?
On to the next one Wings!
...and so it begins (the show at Bellhouse that is!) #wishyouwerehere(?)
I have #written - often several times - every word I have ever
"Change your thoughts and you change the world." — Norman Vincent Peale
What happened to 's ustream?!?!
Enjoying Christmas cookies and pizza between mixes.
#ManuGinobli passed that ball like a QB
haha it's ok Allie most people go through it once or twice in their lifes, so how's East?!
Harrington got away with that one...
i miss when being gay was edgy.
hi sweets did you get my email:)?
80 degrees, , old friends.... My favorite place to be in the world! Should have brought more rocks though... Just sayin'....
follow me bAcK
This whole fucking game is fouls
Good luck, mate!
Thanks for following !
#TheMostCommonLies I'm sterile, I cant have kids
#nf everyone that followed me while I was gone <---
i'm so geeked up for this brings out my inner geography teacher nerd self.. my former life. ::sigh::
No big deal or anything though….I only lost about 3 years worth of pictures friends and music!!! =(( ugh damn myspace lol
Aurthor Christmas just me and my princess.
Develop critical skills for higher ed, adulthood, citizenship, leadership & the workforce. Including math, computer/tech apps & statistics.
The Percy Jackson series by Rick Riordan may be an option. I liked it.
ooh. they've posted the participants? link! link!
I miss it too :(
#JustRead Mondays. Because it is a privilege to sit in a chair and read for hours.
That Was Ratchet Of You . RT : Bo its all about pisces
its funny sitting in a hotel lobby in philly watching a 60 year drunk guy hit on a young hottie for the last hour
How soon before the Ultra-Rights claim Obama's birth cert is a fake? Any guesses?
In the middle of the night, my parents woke up to a huge crashing noise. The iron was thrown against a wall 100ft from where it is kept.
Are you coming with your friends and family to Gathering Waters Fest next weekend? FREE Fest on the lakefront w/tons to do for all ages.
-I think Brent is actually 42 today.
MLK DAY...AWAKE!
All I want is you
Seitan marinated in soy, brown sugar, ginger and sesame oil over rice with #farmersmarket corn!
There are people so poor, that the only thing they have is money.
am I wrong for wanting to do somethin nasty to #lidiabastianich right after many drinks and her cooking me a good meal? #marthastewart too!
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:)
dear supermega allergies and/or miserable cold: joke's on you, sucker- "horribly ill" is so hot right now.
Hello everyone!
omfg, in my dreams! :/
Has anyone ever been to buddha bar?
Shopping for undies. Where can a girl find a decent pair of draws!?!? Jeesh!
": Dynamic, live music lives! 2nd night with !". Nice work Tom!
Is it possible to even consider loving me? :(
What's worse, I'm still picking it out of my teeth!
#sfeng340: Final exam grades are posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
But, they don't serve Bloodys there? RT “: Roommate coaxed me into walking down the block to get mcd's breakfast..”
So Ina tell myself that it works for me .... N I might pop a couple of them Percaces yeah that'll make me transform to Hercules
Stop. You're disqualifying 98% of the voting public, myself included!
I think I want to learn to play an instrument, maybe the SWAGpipes;0
#SocialMedia lessons from 2011? "Caution for over-sharing," answers "You may not want to auto-check in everywhere."
That was a close call
Here we come. Another high quality, NYC style show. Limited run opening 9/17: www.theatrecompany.biz
Fantastic prem. concert of Terry Riley's Palmian Chord Ryddle with and the Grainger opening arr. was unreal!
After a long day battling a cold, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá finally gets some rest. Tomorrow he’s off to Lake Mohonk. Good night everyone!
Thanks! Any chance you guys will be adding a basic video editing class to your arsenal any time soon?
Anyone have suggestions for effective noise-cancelling earplugs for sleeping?
Can't wait to play on 12/19 at IOTA in DC w/
I would have put outer glow all over that shit.
I hate I kant go fellowship in bham this weekend...but I have to see lil cuz graduate from high school...so I'm headed home!!!.
Ready to meet my newest furbaby? She's a deaf pitbull, been wanting to rescue one for years. Thanks guys for inspiring me
really?! Im gonna kill you, both of you!
NATIONAL Signing Day! should be exciting!
I wish I could afford it! :) sorry.
my hometown team is finally representing...if Bills are going to disappoint, maybe UB Bulls can make up for it.
Tweet copier. Get original, MEH. Like so: Narv-Dog got cut today & gon be on da shelf till like Feb 2013. WHOA! He b aight!
Well, now I'm just feisty.
I don't feel like takin this EOi
Lefties are only liberal and open with you only if you totally agree with them
Why do clients hold on to all their needs until Friday, and then want them all at once?
teams take a hunnit Ls the moment they beat MIAMI HEAT!They think they done did something!GO SIT TF IN DA CORNER where youll be come finals!
"What if God was one of us!?" -Joan Osborne "You've got to be kidding me..." -Jesus
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II. Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webb-ish.
Looking forward to forever ☺
yes we shall and then me you and and who ever else can just party haha ;) . Jk well be losers ha
You make me FORGET how to breathe. <3
both days
#Bikemore! MT : NPR did story on electric vehicle w/ 100 mi range. Costs >$40K. I have a device w/ same range & costs < $1K.
gurrrrrrrrrrrrl why you cryin if you knew he was gonna fail the lie detector test?
you are absolutely gorgeous! come to NYC we should chill <3 love you!
tell him u rlly like him!
thats pretty much how I felt all the way during Intro to Politics
Getting a new phone today!!! :D
Tons to do today! I'M ON IT.
i dont want a tornado ther scary!! shuld save us!
"I'm not like most girls" - most girls
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen
Confused book buyer looked doubtfully at the laden shelves in my office when I said I had no books I wanted to sell. Must be new.
Hookah bar was fun, home studying and then orlando tmrw for hhn; SO EXCITED!
I always follow back just ask for one (:
"Lo Ima Bears" to obscure for a fantasy baseball name?
not a whole lot -more of the same- auditioning and crossing fingers
I tried to fact-check that statement before retweeting and came up empty. ; )
Gettin off early>>> gonna go poolside!
Perfection is the formula when me and her combine
my bad.
91% of voters in dekalb county decatur district voted for Sunday alcohol sales! 93% in Pine Lake district.
The words of the day in the office are: PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE!
#Buck doesn't expect rain out. Says Reimold will get a 3rd shot & no transactions today
Skip the sewing frame. Get a lying press. Can do a lot, esp if u have good press boards. Lots of DIY equip. plans out there too!
How was that not a penalty? Down with
I really wish I could bite the ears off that bunny.
Our show kicked ass.
how was the rest of April w/o caffeine and alcohol?
ROI: reputation enhanced. Network of relationships grow. Est. as a subject matter expert. Higher quality clients.
Need. Nap. Now.
Congratulations to Kim McIntyre and Sharone Lathrop who turned in the first new listings of 2012!!
Too young to have too much on my mind.
We're hanging out at the Polaris mall in Columbus right now! Come hang out and buy merch! RT this
I am following Paulo Coelho now . . . thanks for that . . I love his energy and would have never thought to follow him on Twit
I saw someplace on twitter that #Obama may announce his evolution into support for #marriageequality 2day? true?
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Common convo around the office --> Coworker: "Do you know <insert name>?" Me: "Oh yeah, of course! I know him/her from Twitter!"
will players be allowed to tweet during game or is the social media muzzle in place for the all star game?
Would you drop Gerald Henderson for Jordan Crawford or should I wait until Young situation resolved
Tweet Austin "Marcoo?" It's a prank so it and we will follow you :D
Nice play! 49ers back on top!
cuz I went out last night and didnt get home til 10 in da mornin today and I'm dead tired
but Rappin about it seems different tho. I havent heard it tho
are you en route to SXSW in the minivan?
Are you fo' serious?! Of course I am! The beat is just perfect. Little faster than my normal tempo, but I got it.
Yay! on Parks & Rec! He is a funny man. I said my thing first. Because that is accurate.
Thanks for the mention! I got a bunch of followers today :-)
School is killing me -_______________-
haha but like foreal where's you facial hair at? It used to be so long and thick
I haven't heard of that. Lol
come ball at my school at 4!
Winter, spring, summer, fall: let them grow together. Joys and sorrows, laughter, tears: let them grow together.
Haha yep.. It's no bueno.
Hoping I get to see my baby boy today I wanna see how big he got cuz he sure made me super fat within the last month.!
This could be our year--we already have big wins against the Spurs, Bobcats, and Knicks!
So being productive today might be impossible
Do you follow someone whose tweets you can't read if you have to pee? For me, that is
It's amber again . Takdok namo lain ah ?
TONIGHT + TOMORROW Smart Smart Women, Brooklyn Fishnets, Singer's Husband's Band + DJ Gundred Dollars in the Atari Lounge $14
I do believe someone has hacked me ...
tries to turn the attention to me when he's the one that got scared shitless by my mom. He almost had a heart attack
cause you actually think I would forgive you after you called me names, talked about me, and got everyone hatingme
ew why the fuck is your boyfriend and that slut doing hearts overt twitter, watch out cuz shell prob sleep with him
well done handsome!
No kidding.
Nothing like a hot pot of coffee to start off the morning. Happy Friday!!
survival of the fittest , respect my come up .
I just adored 's most recent post. She makes me live vicariously through her princesses. LOVE!
Shipping the leads in this movie SO HARD. Even if it will probably never happen. Haha.
Travel safely :-)
this weekend just got a lot more entertaining
an epub meaning for an ereader?
Rude ass teacher!!
We're almost all set for #DISASTERBALL! 2 hour countdown starts now!
Shout Out to My Niece Monique ... Follow her
YES THEY ARE HE DA ONE DAS BEEN SCORING DEM LAST MINUTE POINTS FOR MAVERICKS
Best of luck! To me, revisions are about as pleasant as pulling teeth, but so satisfying when they're done!!
absolutely! Beautiful!
Friday Night. Played inside a bus stop for our friends Chris and Jacqui and two people who pulled over to watch us play "Ishmael"
That gives me an idea...
Hey yall abt to get that bitch
love you Keen!
If your espresso addiction needs a fix we have great lattes! We are at the corner of Nationwide & Neil!
#SherlockPBS spin-off? ": What if Sherlock were called to investigate a death on Wisteria Lane?
Nearly every product we offer or custom project is mobile web. We don't do apps but we feed apps.
no matter what happens to you in life, remember it goes on
We are going to be making some changes! :) Stay tuned! :)
up early bored guess im bouta go bck to slp lata twitter
Checking out the latest on www.helpmybusiness.com . This is cool
absolutely man catch u at your next show bruh
So apparently 100 cover design samples and a 9-page price list "isn't enough information" for this buyer...sigh.
C'mon man. Spoilers.
Kate Mckinnon... That's it!
- this fone so DUMB
Any chance Caesar will be in a good mood 2 nights in a row
Are you guys using blogs@ Baruch blogs? Which class?
Now that I have plenty suggestions of locations for a 1920's shoot I will start working in making some of them possible!!!
I'll be down as SOON as I get back!
you slacking baby daddy .
perfect. I'll meet you there in a week.
Hit the ground running.
"Think about it. If we lived back in the day, he'd be going to war! And you couldn't Skype at war." -comfort, style.
I don't even know what to think anymore...
Hey Mom! Thinking of u, hope to make ya proud this morning. Love ya.
on the weeks that is retired, I'm here if u need me!
Big Bro
it would be great if you could attach a pdf to an expense instead of just images. bc of the whole print to pdf thing.
Wow! More than 5,000 5th graders from almost every elementary school in Long Beach visit LBMA each year with the free KidsVisions program.
it's like a pink-purple. You'd love it.
Cell phone is broken. Emails and call to work are the only way to get me for the time being.
Really wish I had a subscription to the WSJ to read its response to Apple's digital textbook announcement today.
You are very welcome!
Good afternoon! Are you eagerly awaiting our announcement of our most fantastic special ever?!
I still have a chipped front tooth from a mini-golf accident. Never saw the big backswing coming.
. hosts #MusicforaMission w/ !
I'm dumb as shit but cute! So bare with me LOL LOL
Good morning! riding on the train/ springtime energies rising/ in the quiet car
I seriously wouldn't stop kissing you for like an hour. Fuck breathing.
So wrong but feels so right...gahh I hate that feeling!
I miss playing softball..
Marketing plan... Blah
You know we will :D
It's Friday! Weekend is here! What are your plans?!
good job today boo, how'd it go?
There should be a dunkin donuts at forest hills. I want a strawberry coolata 🍓
It's a life-changer. I've got 2 and yes, one is a mini for my desk.
RT : Fire at Schmitz Hall. Seattle Fire on scene w/UWPD - Please avoid the area
Eh, just be you. That'll do the trick.
Seriously Milwaukee. Clean your airport!
": Did you know? Briere has scored 106 career points in 104 career Playoffs games. #Clutch" great stat must have
Baby Steps :)
ok fine game on
3 days to #420 ! But I'm stuck in stinkapore. So happens my #birthday falls in the same week. :)))
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
i might come late...im not sure cuz im always late
Had 2 games last night now 2 right now!
yes girl he was! And Elyce and Carolyn onopa, Bebe! Lol that's class use to crack!
I always think talent is the easy part, the hard part is what you do with your talent
I hate hospital beds.
Available! Kodak assignment coming to an end soon.
Thank you. That's very nice of you!
Hears a strange tonal thing emitting from the Emmys.
. I approve, though the one of the cat mean mugging his birthday cake is quite funny.
. Sounds more like NYT was criticizing the genre more than The Avengers. That being said twitter allows all to critique
I can barely contain my excitement!!!!
Already Monday?? Put a little spice in your life with some spicy margaritas!!
TGI-FRYday!!! Free small Waffle Fry with the purchase of any Entree and regular drink purchase!
We had a spectacular meeting last night. We've got a strong (and growing!) group of sex workers and activists ready to take on this year!
ooh I love trips, so exciting! Especially around here, you never know where your going to end up. Particularly if your with me.
glad you're digging be sure to see you on friday.
I'll just add it to my list
Nope QT : so... uh. is the beer any different from when you drank it a few weeks ago?
Thanks as always for supplying. Hopefully see you and the bagpipers on Saturday.
It's meant as "wake up call." Most people who ruin others' social opportunitiess are oblivious to it. Hence the directness!
ha ha ok, just making sure! We it's my pleasure.
not sure yet. Suppose to have some good teams in the tourny.
Hi - we love your website!:) Would you be available for an inteview with public radio in Los Angeles on Monday morning?
felt good tonight. Great weather. I just finished a 3.37 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
New antibiotic-proof strain of gonorrhea is finally here!
No, bespectacled mop-haired white kid in a passing car, I will not show you my tits.
We missed Rex Brothers didn't we. Next time.
When did I become such a clean freak? It's disturbing. Or maybe it's just you?
Another reason to keep your crack pie addition going as the newest (and 5th) is now open in Carroll Gardens. 360 Smith Street.
Geez Trial by fire for the 3-3-5 D before the guys learn it well...
thank YOU for the follow--come see us soon, you'd love what we do with local produce +we'd love to have you, have a great weekend
Don't Forget, The Holiday Art Walk in Beautiful Little Italy is this Weekend!
Way to GO. Sorry 4 typo.
Angry Birds &amp; Toothpaste: A Match Made in Business
have done :D
good job!
fat ass!!! Do they have egg whites?
Thank You #MLK for enduring everything you had to so that I don't have to. Rest In Peace and Happy Birthday.
When you grow, grow smart. Consider staff limitations and happiness level, efficiency of services, profitability, and more.
my vision is gettin all blurry -__-.
I want to skype.
Homeschooling my children is harder than i thought but, Worth It.
Plantier and Sam Horn. Two of the Sox greatest sluggers.
Ugh...well this should be interesting
Can't wait to hear about your time at Internet Retailer Week! Anyone go to Radio Party in Vegas?
Lmao this women on the train got a full blown mustache!
back at ya. I'm sure many of your Sidwell Friends Alumni are disgusted by the lack of work ethic of these protestors..
then don't do it, just chill and relax (:
I enjoyed my last day in Tc.Got to kick it wit my 2nd fam nshit.Ill see yall next year.
jeff carter is gross. stop that.
God u r such an awesome God as always...got back into a management position!!!!! Needed that!! #pumped #excited #trulyblessed :) Thank u
Listening to Hit The Lights and I'm feeling it.
I'm twisted.......door knob
Finally got my phone fixed!
it's great and difficult but so amazing to hear their stories. Thanks for including me!
i really like the nexus s, but i think the Galaxy S 4G is a very nice one to be looking out for.
Rest peacefully, Gary Carter.
I'm pissed. I'm as pissed as I can be.
alright. I'm glad you found someone
