It's a beautiful day! A beautiful marriage starts with the # UWP Ultimate Wedding Package.
YOYO!!!! Hahaha ok ok good I was expecting you to be ready girl 😊😏
#FavoriteSong at the moment is "Whip Appeal" by Frank Ocean
lol yea and im reppin it! thanks for the birthday wishes lol
How do I get a girlfriend
And I would be rich if they did.
So nobody knows where this $200 date crap came from?
Just one more hour of work.. 😁
so happy to have you all this morning!
i got the numbers big ass sound system for mosh hard, everyone will die
Getting ready for school! Straightning my hair -_-
Thanks for the follow.
Great run with #TeamMCVET as always.
Who the effff sniffs their knee?
You can never enjoy the fruit, if your not willing to risk climbing out to the end of the branch to get it
RT CRAZY FACT: Having eye contact for more than 6 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder”
and for feed links
Spread the Word to End the Word
Thanks for the encouragement! I'm very excited.
☼ Words calculated to catch everyone may catch no one. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
when u gunna be able to play?
What was Brendan Donnelly's ERA for the Tribe?
We are busy, busy and we need some interns....
Me Too! The oven is ON! lol
“: The University of Florida has an emergency plan in case of a sudden "Zombie" attack.”IM GOING TO FLORIDA!!!!
Yes! I was just listening to them on the way to Eau Claire with Jazz Workshop!
tune in to 's Life class... is on. Good stuff.
see you soon! Super excited!!
lol ya its all about getting it done correctly lol
I know a drum set that could use some company.
There's nothing like peeing to "Bobby McGee" on ur mp3. Try it.
That one time I slept through the entire movie.....
haha you could have just done a #FS ;) but oh well xD
Isn't anyone gonna bring up Peggy's baby ever? Lol. Wtf.
finger roll from McGee this is sick
in some classes I do and have had to stop a video, just cancel activity, because students talking 2 each other & not watching
Would you feel bad if you looked in a funhouse mirror and looked gorgeous?
I tell it differently!
Haha! Another headache for Samuel Beckett... RT Is it "Waiting for Godot" or "Waiting for Good Dough" ?
#becauseofkianandsam I'm obsessed with watching YouTube videos.
Going to Capitol Hill today to talk about the early detection of
So my CD player in my car died and I am rediscovering some old mix tapes (yes, my car is 9 yrs old). Sounds good, but some are really dated.
Doctors, poison control experts say 'cinnamon challenge' dare is dangerous - WPTV
I would love to check the timeline, problem is, I'm blocked. Typical Rochester business.
okay, thank you.
#Dear God,I just wanted to say thank You for another day. Watch over my family and friends today, bless us-
Just dropped my brother off at his improv class and hit the Atl record shops...
Is it too early for poetry in motion jokes?
Almost fell for an interesting phishing attack... When paying for events on EventBrite make sure it's not a clone page of the real event
Developing a bad habit of writing the entirety of papers on the day they're due. But if I could do it for the 10 pager I can do it on a 5-er
i tweeted warped tour to have them let u play in 2012 <3 u deserve it. im trying everything i can. u work so hard!!!!! :'')
I have to save the episode until tomorrow. :( But I'm sure it's great!
Reception is apparently better, but Verizon phone service is BAD...
I can't really get mad that Rand Paul said Obama's Views couldn't get any gayer. I think it's the right of any gay man to say that.
Talk that #Netflix is a buyout target. Kind of like MySpace. PO the customers, suck the money out & sell. Suckers.
that Christ our God will spare you, Who is everywhere present and fillest all things!
:) yea. british girls are reem... most of them, anyway. some are too salty for my liking. lol
nice QC strip today. More dimensions to Sven; poor Hanners!
Pursue your biz venture...“Like to hunt? Write? Make a video? is looking for testers. Part of it is a free Mitt for you! why you!?”
thank you and amen yall
trying to figure out what to make for breakfast...
Congrats Trita! I'll buy it and encourage ppl to do so.
"I never successfully used a club to get my ball on the green"? What does that even mean? And, dude, Andy...
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
is in the dark.
Owner Ashley Grant made her special toffee for friends as gifts, and the response was so overwhelming...Magnolia Bay Toffee was born!
My ex is tryna get at a tranny lmao
Rest in peace to Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis. Expecting to see the silver and black play big tomorrow in Houston.
even wen u switch pants?
*~i was sittin on da phone all day tryn win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see u i gt #3 all da tme hpe i get dem or ima buy~*
You're right - the games are just so small!
Interns! Looks great! And I always love a good laugh!
Wow, we've got over 1,100 Fans...thanks for spreading the word about ADAPT Training!
craving a good
One more week and then you better hide your macaroons!
My parents fell in love with earlier this year, so we're going south for Thanksgiving! In theory, anyway.
CROCKER CLUB GRAND OPENING TONIGHT w/ & more!!! 9p-2a 453 S. Spring St. DTLA NO COVER
Just learned about NSErrorMergePolicy - neat locking policies
NC mills provided gray cloth for the Confederate Army. See how current artists are transforming fabric usage in SECCA's "Out of Fashion."
Congrats to the for a great win. They beat the Packers, 49ers and Patriots. Clearly deserve to be called world champions.
Coming off a great #EBLF meeting. Thanks to all of our members for another successful forum.
"The year that is drawing toward its close has been filled with blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies" -Lincoln on Thanksgiving
the wifi always act stupid in my mommy room.
Thus the self-deprecating go me. But yeah, still enjoyed it.
Gavin IS sexy and sensual! Sign me up!
I meant #arabcowboy LOL obviously I'm a first timer!!
I cant believe I'm actually seeing The Maine live! #MaybeEvenMeetThem <3
what a phenomenal weekend! The days are definitely getting shorter & I cannot believe how fast time is flying on by.
eating a popsicle that taste like 7Up pop!its good stuff,haha!
yeah just got back tonight...tues or thurs would be best
they prob said it w a sigh of relief!
You've inspired me to re-embrace Twitter! Sitting in on David Kelley's session at #astdtk12 now.
I concur
Now that the family computing devices are working again, it must be time to venture home.
Only part that really needs to be looked at is the publishing part. And extra in bold to make sure G SS is properly formatted
F the system man.
think it's time to change.
My friend is troubled.
Why is this restaurant showing Insanity workout commercial..while I enjoy my fattening brunch with my sons # justwrong
you already know. ✌
What a great time, last night! Spent it with friends and had SO much fun! Even won some $$$'s, playing roulette!! :)
I've arrived in Tiffin, Ohio after an unexpectedly difficult day. Butt cheeks are very bloody. #tmi #ReturnToDuty gunnin for Indy tomorrow
Vic's shoe repair off Soledad. Picking them up Friday!
about a Frenchie "when I make eye contact with you it's like I'm being blessed by the pope."
I love Chicago
Congrats on your last day of classes!
Everything is never perfect in your life but the key is to just be grateful for what is. -Chicmom
Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world. Big ups Tao Asian Bistro.
Up late filing photos for a client. Looking forward to a commercial shoot tomorrow!
It is confirmed: I still must be an actor. Thanks to the cast of Wit and its writer, Margaret Edson.
Thanks for the follow!
Neat VA link! RT Today,1611: William Shakespeare's players present the first recorded performance of The Tempest. bit.ly/h4Z1Pb
“: Complete this sentence... 'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel _beautiful___' 1DHQ x”
so true....we should find out. It is Friday the 13th....hmm.
It eluded us then, but that’s no matter — tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther.... And one fine morning —
Yeah its tomorrow but I appreciate the birthday wish! Im from the south so I'm southern but Im not THAT country.
What a wonderful weekend at the Castle! I hope to see you again soon!
"I know voices can be imitated" + "I know we're all afraid of being misunderstood" fav lines nicely done
We would love to hear "Honestly" by on ! :)
Nope. Watched a recording of Bones.
I'm sorry I can't help how smart I am!
Standing in LAX Terminal 3 and all power goes out... the entire terminal. Its been 20 mins and still no response from an authority.
when does casting start for the Kandi factory??
and accept the fact that somebody loves her
is working on some site updates and marketing plans
fine you were getting ready to go into high school,still the same thing,in a way!(: haha
Very nice; enjoy the scenery and safe travels!
I've been obsessed with the Jonas Brothers since 2005. To this day, I could never picture myself not being a #1 fan of theirs.
ot in sf....great game! ....let's go 49ers
time to sleep. hopefully i can wake up at 6am!
heck yeah, but want to read the book before watching
That will be the goal: a night of being shouted at.
I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.
Going on hour 11 in the same spot
My pleasure! As the father of 5 children under age of 13, i truly appreciate your product and am using it!
That's the plan!! :) I feel pretty good though. Just swollen sore feet. :-/ I've had such an e-z pregnancy, so I can't complain.
jason wants me to tweet jordan pictures and he said trust me and then said he was trying to do something for me, what??
"Talk about our future like we had a clue." x
I would go #BadBoyReunionTour ft Puff, the Lox, Mase, 112, Total, Junior Mafia, Craig Mac etc.
yellow kit would be a nice alternate
Okay, Chicagoans. Don't forget: April 11, for a reading/discussion. April 12, for an Artists' Event. Come join!
Hm Did you get lost on your way to Cincinnati??? You should probably invest in a GPS
Day before race parade and already out of donuts and a lot of other stuff
My life has been made. Dolan spoke to me.
Not looking at my timeline......I don't wanna know who won #TheVoice #WestCoastGirl gotta wait !):
Hope everyone had a FANTASTIC New Year!!!! Love the ladies of Black Hole
ima change it wen i go ta mi auntie house after mi bball practice
Where ya know me from?
I guess that's just the way life is.
It's pi day...25 years ago that would have excited me! ;)
yeah not really
Yeah...I'm discovering that. Nat Geo's photography (of people) has issues too, but wildlife photos are gorgeous.
Just looked through a poem in progress by wonderful writer grappling with the portrayal of tragedy...deep stuff but slippery.
Congrats for being the featured business!
Continuing on hiatus from facebook/twitter 'til I finish the verse novel. Or at least a presentable draft.
yeaa me too, i be ready to GO ! .. but this year or next year my skoo makin summer start in june & end in august likee o.O
How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific! And new Twitter friend, the actor-teacher-director extraordinaire
Signing new contracts today with my new commercial agent! :) Coming soon to an ad campaign near you . . . Elizabeth Mihelich :)
Queen of Pop, Whitney Houston ♥ Rest In Paradise
still extremely embarrassed. fuck i hate all my friends right now i cant believe they did that to me.
My daddy got one more time to "accidentally" open my mail before I "accidentally" knock him upside his head. 😒
of course!
I'd rather listen to the entire catalog of Rush than repeat the past 24 hours. Things are better now, though- yay!
too late homies!
Ugh, am not watching those RT Latest recommended category from Netflix: Feel-good Mid-Life-Crisis Comedies
No one else can control what you choose to focus on. No one else can move your body or act on your part...besides you.
so much emotion
I'm pretty sure that's how i got in, knowing real memory management
dieting and exercise have become a focus for my obsessive tendencies, which is nice, because they result in being healthier
You just can't argue wth bullet points.
shout out to whoever left the popcorn machine on and almost set the breakroom on fire
not feeling them HOGS
WOW....Hey what happened????
hola, im new to twitter... Photographer in Boston, hit me up if u need pics. Keep up great work...
I can't stand gatekeepers of any stripe. Especially doormen
you should tweet about this band called ! you'd love their music!
So happy you came in tonight, hope your dinner was even half as fab as you are! ;)
Aww, gonna miss you, then. Headed to Funk Night at St. Andrews.
#iwasthekid that asked for a dollar every time i seen a grown up
trying to he near u
JUST IN to CNN: Special prosecutor Angela Corey in #TrayvonMartin case says she will NOT use grand jury to prosecute
you can email me at
My glass is half empty at the moment =/
come over! We aren't eating until after the newscast :)
sweet!! But as far as shaving its pinas there rules out there man lol
So ready for Memphis in May. Who wants to come with?
Duh. I never questioned that. Whore. RT endorse this idea.
they're okay, but icebats are clearly the superior ugly doll
A warm morning calls for a cool treat. Iced lattes and smoothies await!
If the Packers hit on all three of their defensive guys this will be a much improved DE. Exactly what the doctor ordered.
Good music never gets old!
no filming enjoy your weekend
i got one of those thingys u posted a pic of lol
Thanks for #followfriday!
Yooo! What's Up With You & Ian? When Is The Wedding ?
not sure. Should I? No What about ?
one of the basic needs ;)
Happy Saint Patty's Day to all.. Wear green, have fun, & be safe .. 8-)
Did an interview today for a documentary on Team Type 2. They will be here in a couple of weeks to shoot training.
Ryan is my favorite so far. 😍😍😍
Trying out instead of Which do you use?
NOW I'm expecting a follow back. I unfollowed for you.
We have Empanadas today. In addition to our Chicken or Cheese, we also have Pulled Pork today!
Duck and cover for the Shake Out! RT : Did anyone feel that shaking?
Man Vs Wild! Boom!
Do I see sheets of plastic in your future?
I'm reserving all of my smart ass remarks....
I have very big shoes to fill, as is truly one of a kind. Here's to continuing to serve #Bmore through his vision.
Like david & goliath I conquered the giant
is coming back to me soon...yayayayay 😘
Thanks for checking in! We hope you had a great night at Mizu!
MY PARENTS ARE COMING TO MINNESOTA.
Also now booked for #vra_arlis2011 Who!
The countdown begins for Miss Earth 2011!
hey, I meant to ask, how're the pens doing?!
The last time I changed the channel (Game 1) my grizzes lost so ima stay tuned
Just found out I am getting stood up Friday. Wow
Out of gas near USC campus.. Walking to gas station after midnight to fill gas can. Will miss u all. Hope I didn't owe u money.
I havent had a PB & J in a long time.... that might be my lunch tomorrow... (:
This is trouble... Happy Birthday!! RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! Free burger with any purchase, starting...... now. :)
Hey #thesiswp community: what qualities are most important to you in a Thesis skin? What would you love to see that isn't available now?
Super awkward when people face you instead of the door in elevators...
Having more followers on twitter than friends on Facebook >>>>>
Thanks guys! Pressure is on now.
Yes it is! RT New music in #Baltimore is alive and well! Such an enthusiastic audience!
wow Haley is looking so good right now..
Message me your email address and I'll send it. I believe it's God's way of showing they're still with us too. (:
Reasoner fans on a shot but it trickles towards the net and almost fools Turco.
yeah kinda. Im from LA originally. Its definitely not the same haha
I remember walking for something and getting the Can't Truss It single. Forget what it was.
2.5 hours of sleep is not adequate for a 14-hour workday.
Have you seen Last Day in Madrid? #e206 undefined
mhm :( he'll be out for 6 weeks. there goes my red sox... down the motherfucking toilet.
I get what I want... a boy that really loves me, now I just reject him ?
yes please we are at 7th come see us now and then later too
You're Welcome Very excited for you :)
I would chirp your #flyers up, but you're probably binge drinking right now
in theater news, the parts ways with
Thanks ursulas! While there's a fair amount of evidence 4 carnitine, we still have the classic problem of limited long term data.
CARLOS TEVEEEZZ!! Welcome back! 20 quid says he scores tonight!
Vikings fumbilitis, that horrid pickFarve, no holding, and the DPI. ugh.
Baseball is "always in my heart"
I am a little shameless when selecting a Customs officer. Male, approachable - and I give him same smile I give bartenders, chefs, the Pope.
Hey your Gala is May 17th? What are the details? It sounds exciting!
#WhenISeeU I wanna punch you in the face!!
Kush Cowboys (T3 & Chris Smokes) - Scale Gang (A Wildfire Film)
I love watching these contest videos! (:
"Truth is like oil; no matter the quantity of water you pour on it, it will always float."
14 students on the Waiting List for DEATH CURE (our library only serves 240). Pre-ordered 4 copies:)
Don't think that would go over too well lol
relaxen how r u
Enjoying a nice cup of joe like a dirty hipster would
Thank you for the mention! You'll LOVE my GOLPH card game! :)
Everybody did good tonight I promise I love gospel
We'll be crewing up for some shoots soon. If interested in joining us, e-mail with your info, avaiability, & details.
This Vegas Nights mix is crazy!! Do you remember when we played Guitar Hero with J Mazzotta at Univ of the Pacific? hahaha
Is it really only tuesday?!
If doesn't win The Voice...I will be sincerely disappointed in America. The show is called THE VOICE, he has it.
Its good feeling to know that someone somewhere is looking forward to talking to you again ♥
of course
Host a Party on November 12th and receive $25 in free Passion Party Items! *Book Today!*
We're sorry to hear about this. Do you have a time and location this happened? Thank you.
Your team's still doing well overall. They've got the Phillies up next.
#NP The Waiting to Exhale Soundtrack....hands down THEE BEST movie soundtrack...period!!
God gave me you for the ups and downs!<3
in our awesome city this weekend, #indy. Don't miss it! Only $15 for 150 bands-- can't beat that!
called the wh-word in Chem today (;
Beaten paths are for beaten men. -- Eric Johnson
“: 3-5 pages means 3 pages” exactly my plan.
stuff in the teachers lounge upstairs and put it in the halls
Johnny’s pizza is to NFL Sunday as peanut butter is to___________
are u going both days?
(Angelo and Veronica) We met at Pastor Courtney McBath's. Great to see you! How is Lisa? Just wanted to say "hello"!
I followed you!
Ikr, or911~> RT : Whenever I fill out forms and it says "If an Emergency, notify..." I put 'DOCTOR'. What is my mother gonna do?
Paul, what an honor, Good Friend! Thanks so much for the RT. :-)
Only 26 lit terms done..
Voracek is so garbage.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.
I'm itching to get out in the wilderness! Planning first camping weekend of the season for next weekend. Weather permitting.
Wade's angry face is sexy aha
R/T Chakra ultra lounge Live Tuesdays All Talent Welcome Get heard $5admission all night 2for 1drinks
Everyone has feelings but I think you're the one who is missing that!
Someone just pronounced Steve Jobs last name as Joe-bz (long 'o'?). Not offended, but that had to be on purpose to appear ironic/cool,right?
Yama sushi is better. Hehehe. Miss ya too! :-)
Didn't audition today? No problem! The final chance to audition for #Neighborhood3:RequisitionofDoom is Monday at 6 pm.
hey boo I'm good. Ready to blow iit up lol but good. How about u?
I've been hooked on those granola bars since STAAR, lol .
I really need some product too. I need shampoo, & some kind of soft mousse so I can wear my hair waivey, but not frizzy/poofy.
I have an official trucker suntan on left arm.
Oh good. You're back. What the hell are you talking about?
for the 4 hour drive back home!! If i could make some plans and see friends, I'd make the trip!
Hashtags. While all of you out there are asking "Why?" My response is simple. "Why not?"
Strong undercurrent in the room desiring *action*, participants' voices coming thru clearly during Q&A.
you're way behind on approving posterous items. Shake a leg.
An ill mannered convict came up to Mad Jack and said, Play me some of that harp. Mad Jack replied, fuck off and with that the two convicts
Here at Jackson's LODO and ready to Party!!
My eyes feel weird...o_O
RIP Donna Summer wow i used 2 party w/ her at El Privado (any1 remember club) She was very nice, delightfully so & very talented
That's right man
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
I'll be there in just a few minutes :)
Luckily my hair doesn't get split ends easily :-)
Lol, i thought she did. Either way, you guys are sweet hearts. Although, someone in there told coach, cause she called the
As soon as anyone else I know (besides you) starts using it actively :-)
just informed me that I am not allowed to wear a hood to sweat while I work out... I hope my shoes are the proper ones
For some reason, today, I find the very idea of Steak-umm to be hilarious.
I would rather stab myself in the eye than go to school.
well go see if I'm following you. I follow you and you follow me but then you unfollow me.
Sitting outside myjob lonely noone to talk to by myself ugh these are times I wish I had a car
YAY!! RT We encourage singing during the outdoor musical screenings, so go ahead and sing your heart out Mandy.
It's funny how hoes show love in V.I.P
please stand up, please stand up.
insecurity is not a good color. Is that how u spell it:?
The message just sent me>>>>>
those are delicious.
Recalibrated by coffee after sleeping in till 8:30... This must be the golden years!
Careful man, there's an imaginary beverage here.
I Hatee The Fact That School Is In 4 More Dayss. This Summer Went Byy So FAST!
Beginning the day long journey to Louisville, KY with the Mary Poppins tour :)
Ugh, cold season started early - had it since Friday; son got it week before and nicely shared wtih Mom...
This Blunt IM Blunt Facein Is For Artwon : ) R.i.p Bruh
nope. its funny deau
meh not really Carly raw jepson the wanted dev and Enrique is all i really care about :)
#4WordsAfterWackSex "why did you cry?"
The home fragrance collection is amazing. Love the packaging and attention to detail in the design not to mention THE FRANGRANCE
Yes! There we go!
and don't trip...i told jordan you could see him on the 2nd tuesday of the week ;)
#DancerProblems Practicing in the same kicks til they start ripping.
If they are trying to up bway tkt sales, they're going to need some better musicals
Rain rain go away...you're Fuckin up my night
Bridesmaids is the funniest movie EVER.
Most relationships fail not because the absence of love, but because girls love to much and guys love to many.
365 days from now, he's coming back <3. I am way too happy :)
Dude your team hates you.
fellen love yet ounce again i dont this guy this much i always see him in the same spot every fuckin day
For those that we have recently followed, we ask that you all please take the time to follow us! Thanks and God bless :)
Check out 's verse at 7:40 on 98.5 The Beat
Big thanks to ObiWhanKenobi for making Holiday Tweetup happy
#mahonebodyparts = swag team
Going to hop on a Green Line train and ride it to Roosevelt to go to the Walgreens right off the station.
All the best and happy new year to you all!
AMAYA XTS now comes standard with a much improved Wide Angel Cap Frame Driver, Utility Cart, and AMAYA OS V10.
Homework Sucks..! e_e
Jealous, jealous, jealous... Have fun!
Let us know what your favorite soup is!!!
i did that day! total poser.
Be back later to find smh been missing TOO long
Companies that solely focus on competition will ultimately die. Those that focus on value creation will thrive | Edward de Bono
There are a lot of great country songs out there, more that havnt been heard by many but 'People Are Crazy' is up there with one of the best
At with just saw local celebrity ! Can't wait to eat!
RT “Man can live about 40 days without food..." No way. The mere thought of one day without food sends me stockpiling.
At Topsail Island, NC for the next week...hope for no jellyfish!
Life is a faith walk not a cake walk......thank you BC.
Fuck yeah dude!
you two made me smile tonight! :D
Generally, you're worthy. Think otherwise and you'll just shrink.
when I type this I see "From mkbackus Hide" above. Is it suppose to be like that or do I unhide it???
Ok, so who wants to meet JLS backstage on 2 July? Check out The Daily Record today, p.14.
denial flows like a river on #MauryPovich! chik got 2 test results that said her lt skined BF was not the father! yet she cant believe it!
lmao! She's sat on my head and she weighs a tonne!
Also follow "covers activist & progressive news for the Tucson Citizen"—"Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have"
nope im working like a sexy slave -___-
farmiliar (adj) : when someone nasty you know bears strange resemblance to a farm animal.
2/2 after the tings I want like becoming a singer and u know who just made me realize that justin bieber so thank you jb (#NeverSayNever)
I've always been a lebron fan .
I'll be next after Steve in downtown Kenosha. 6.3 miles leg. We are now 130 miles into the race.
Inspiring teachers help, but I think we should focus on helping faculty become more thoughtful instructional designers.
wow this girl on here with the retard painted walls is pissing me off..
I would like to thank the designer of the new Beckham H&M ad for making the world a better place.
I'm actually her unborn fetus.
‎ is going to be hosting our big #4G4!! Get your tix people! This party is going to be awesome!
Great question: how are we best serving/engaging males?
trying to find tickets to SanFrancisco.....prices are outrageous right now....hoping for a last minute deal....
The site may continue to be down for a little longer yet, but we're on it. Very frustrated but very on it.
The #horriblemoment when you're laying down and you #realize that you have to drop the kids off at the pool!
Very impressive halftime entertainment!
Chilling w/ New Found Glory.
Have we lowered the bar so low that men are not even required to use self control
#DNC is a LOSER for thinking BenNelson leaving Senate is a loss. It's a WIN fools! No more holding your ass hostage for kickbacks.
Some days, I miss the sound of a 2400 baud modem connecting.
FLURISH plays tonight at 9pm. Smith's Olde Bar. Check it out!
Yes! Sometimes I forget "social media" is interactive-it should be social. It's about making connections & engaging
im praying for you everyday and god will help you with everything(: he loves you and he has an angel looking down at you(:
Ice cream and frozen chocolate chips . ❤
Welcome to Friday!
Yes! RT Gigs will be extra fun tonight. Only heathens party on Passover and Good Friday.
he is a retard
Today should be great#Productive!!!
Great chat today w/ Sunnyvale Building Official, my first eGov client w/ nation's first ePermits system... Can't believe it's been 12 years!
Getting ready to kick off a meeting on managing and measuring cross-channel marketing. Great turnout!
Played soccer for the first time last night. You're supposed to scream and put your hands up when the ball comes at your head, right?
OH MY GOSH, I KNOW RIGHT! HE HAS GREENISH EYES OH BABY.<3 WITH A SIX PACK. LIKE HOLA PAPI ;))
Do you have the pic from Volleyball Championship night on here?
I won't give up on us even when the skies get rough. I'll give anyone my love. I'm still looking up.
*:)* And it's all true. *he kisses you again*
Is a sweet girl! Stop The Hate! #Don'tHateAppreciate
woman who "Think Like a Man " will get dumped 4 a woman who thinks like a Lady!
keep you informed. Thx
YOU! I am. I work during the day this whole week, but Thursday afternoon : bags, beers, bourne.
Myla woke up at 6 this morning and wanted to play in the snow. My guess? She'll be an icicle before she comes inside.
Hey Mel! Have u heard anything about the stand-by line today? I'm heading that way now but wanted to check in. Thanks!
Bruins-Canucks just another game? No way! Looks like our Big Bad Bruins of the 70s.
#ilovemymombecause shes the best woman to ever love me.
Hmm, I don't know. Anything I could.
Glad we're no in Denmark.
Pigs are flying: my beer/pizza brother is planning to cook a homemade meal including asparagus, arugula AND beets.
that's good! I need to finally meet him and nope Ridin solo! Haha
I had popped off Twitter by the time you checked in. :( Sorry to have missed you!
We got the sushi delivery down, barbie! : Sushi and wine should deliver.
they saved the real Jesus!
you should just give up
Need a restock of the Redeye at Ridgeland CTA station. "thanks."
Music is always my solution xx
It's really tough to change your email address. Even though you tell people, they'll still use the old one. Choose wisely!
Happi Pi Day! Eat a pizza and some blueberry pie a la mode, and then you may calculate: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
#LMSunSIG accessibility: what is our responsibility to make our online courses accessible to someone who might live across the country?
Smerfs the Movie starring Method Man & Tim Allen
very slick!
It takes time but you gotta put in the work if you want this as bad as you say.
I hate on all O'Briens!
I also like it a lot. JJ is ambivalent.
Patio will be open for our 70 degree day tomorrow! $10 off wine bottles all day and night! Thats from 8am - 1am!
Why is the Link Off Youtube,My people was promoting it
Should I be mad?? Never does 1 person win that I want to!
Great day for a 20 mile bike ride around Lake Monona.
I look good in them 😊
“: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes” As Stam would say..worlds oldest occupation#Impressive comin from a tchr
"Mirna, loved the post �some oldies but goodies and bunch of new ones too! Great job"
Oh my! My profile now says 999 Tweets! what do I do now?
First two weeks of TN Genealogical Society's VP & got most of the year planned. This weekend planning our Spring Lecture series, great year!
If you love Friday, you have a job. If you love Monday, you have a career via CEO RT if you agree.
True that!!!RT : Don't ever let anyone take away your sparkle.
Tried to explain to my chinese girlfriend why she'd have to accompany me to see The Avengers this weekend. Fell back on its's a guy thing.
what cheer team are you on?
Due July 5th
FedEx is faster for Amazon, and more reliable for international shipments. I use USPS for personal deliveries within the US.
#soschat Can someone point me to a good, thoughtful critique of CCSS?
I'm talking to the dolphin...
how long before the Catamount Coach is auto tuned???
So when do I get my "I survived Irene 2011" shirt?
: Since I have #TheHungerGames on my brain, I'm gonna go with Katniss Everdeen.
good morning! hard for me to stay regular w twitter since I can't get access at work and I work long days. how are things?
no I havent, I been around!!!!
hip replacement is no joke
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever ?
Did I tell u ur perfect? Well, Im telling again cause u have to know, everyone loves you and ur beautiful
Honing her skills in human observation and keeping the thin skin intact (thus far)
Off to celebrate 25 years of the Brittain Postdoctoral Fellowship at Georgia Tech.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 32
Awh man I meant to put 😔 cuz we can't swap techniques lol
Well color me red hehe :-)
It's such a beautiful day today...I wish I was at the beach!
Photographing new items to add on Etsy this week! More scarves and mens tees coming up :)
Britney Spears tickets are too expensive WHY guess I'll just stick to youtube =(
it always does amaze me how uncommon common sense is! Xo J
Thank you so much for following--happy creating!
You can't say Kobe isn't clutch, 18 for 18 from the line and he took a beating every shot!
Hey Anna! Nice to tweet you, too! :)
Cell phones; fantastic reason not to talk to people with petitions.
Smartphone use is rising. As a multichannel retailer, use video QR codes on hangtags linked 2 useful videos as Columbia Sportswear has done.
the city flat tonight ant shit 2 do
Chiana:Good 2 hear from U. Come home soon!
oh okay well then imma check it out. Where is it at?
This weather sucks-_-
great article homie
Shes 17 and pitching a fit about being on her period...um i dont want to know her personal business...thats something u can keep to urself
“: Your time isn’t yesterday or tomorrow—it’s now. Get up and do something about it." The time is now, the place is here!
RT from Iran: Kamenei is under pressure and fighting for survival - without ANejad his authority is finished
Hines Ward beat up Kirstie Alley for dancing? That's horrible!
there were witnesses
#AATC Press panel now starting, moderating with
My body is so sore! 😳
I think a lot but I don't say much.
This is not a lie. Loopy too! RT : We're a little bit loony today. Come by and see us! It'll be a good time!
Ill wait for you. But will you wait for me too?
aww no we do, we do! Just some students want to know where the quiet places in the library are so they can study quietly
With the crew
#oomf gotta nice rack :)
i dont care how it comes across..my twitter is not to please anyone and i dont want people telling me what to tweet.
Ugh. Amazon package went from KY to MS to THEIR DESTINATION then to GA and then back to MS. I don't understand how the mail works.
sounds like you just described Clinton, not Gingrich. #PeopleWhoLiveInGlassHouses- shouldn't condemn others' cheating
Are the Twins a bad team?
thanks! Wanted to make sure my vocabulary is correct.
#WeWontWork if you can't save some time to hangout with me.
thanks bro, I appreciate it.
You think the judge is going to buy that??
Annie Potts is my new Meryl Streep
Just tell 'em to F-OFF, straight up, honest, to the point. ;) If you need a friend, I'll tell 'em FOR ya. ;)
The first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching...
you're welcome!
so excited for you... :)
bristins game later with
The Bristol is a "local" Bob Evans and Ramsi's is a "local" Cheesecake Factory
Ha , caught this following VA ": Very sorry to hear you had a bad experience. Can you please follow back & DM...
happy to have y'all cowork with us today! make yourselves at home in our lil coworking home ^dw
that sounds so weird.. hahaha.
LeAnn Rhimes really knows how to make a bitch cry…
I take time today to exercise my body. I feel energized and alive.
Long days, but I know hard work pays so that moneys gettin long too
Help desk tickets are used for pedagogical issues, as well as technological issues - proper tracking.
thanks for following! Great space! I was there last summer and had a blast
Dear Mr. Dizon, why did you put something in the test that you didn't even taught us? Love, Me
Check out the Cybertour: Systems Librarians: Turning Individual Knowledge into Institutional Know-How at 3:30
Hospitality Marketing With Social Media – Internet Marketing Denver ...
yeah thats the worst ever...but i joke about it myself so people dont take pity either...but you're young to say that
cool! will check out. love that phrase
Leaving Philly. Thanks to everyone for making #mw2011 memorable and productive.
Wondering why isn't in Ft Wayne right now.
voting for #RNG making sure my whole family votes(;
Purchase-on-demand, aka patron-driven acquisition: generally upon 3rd view of #ebook from catalog.
well I think tht an 8th graders able to keep up with u is said
are you really blocking the trending of #troydavis?! i am totally disgusted.
Notre Dame, bikers, and football, all day today!!!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet make it a trend !!!!!
I hate when shit gets fucked up.
you got a lot to learn
#thunder as a team is nasty. One of best offensive teams
I really do! Thank you! :)
played my set and mixing "Darling" at 'The Station'.
Why aren't you in #torchat right now? You're gonna regret it.
Using Twitter is sometimes like experiencing clear air turbulence. Never know if it will work properly or if they have placed a restriction.
So Justin is going to miss Kim's wedding for Selena? Thats a once and a lifetime thing and he's gonna miss that?
Can't help but think that if big Pubs wanted out from the "tyranny" of Amazon, they would've spent CEO dinner money on a robust EPUB reader.
memorizing lines for new play opening on Oct. 9th.
You're cruel. Whatever, who needs beloved writer friends at a writer conference when you can be writing a paper for Friday?
At tech crunch meetup in dc. It's very loud.
Director, DP, Makeup, focus puller, editor... all fired. SO disappointed!
Lol just got $5 for putting someone's earring in
"Do you have to call the government every time you sit in that chair?"
it's up 4.8% from last season
Went to #Elle Decor and #Traditional Home parties yesterday to celebrate #LegendOfLaCiennga #WindowsToTheWorld What a FAB Event
Hopefully be closing on the house next month! Their realtor is rushing it :)
Hanging out with the amazing !!!
it would happen at Simon's.
DeMaio says we'll lose events like ComiCon if we don't expand Convention Center. Need ConVis to market Convention Center
Having a blast at the Demler household. Can't wait to get back and do this more often
I wanna muff this bitch at work in the back of her head, she lucky i need my job!
Instead of begging God.....use "God you said". Put Him in remembrance of His word. Keep not silent.....
How's everyone so far ?
OV CAN STRIKE FROM ANYWHERE AND ANYHOW!
It's ironic the way my GCSEs may have already gotten me informally sacked
On set this morning with Ed Begley Jr. and Rachelle Carson-Begley. Look out for 'How to Succeed at Birth'....going to be hilarious!
#thevalueofafollower do you thank your followers? How?
Thank God the snow has gone...I'm done with snow til 2022!!!
Time to roll out of this bed and get my day started.
Goodbye school, hell spring breaakk! c:
After reading for quals on the beach, I'm now buy some tank tops and heading back to KTown
Soups of the day: Sea Food Gumbo, Cream of Broccoli, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini bro do, ravioli Florentine, M
a lot better :)
nah you ain't calm and thanks for calling me a fat ass that the best you've got? jeez come up with better shit.
impractical jokers* & yes (; next show ever
Missing friends after great symposium in WY. "Hug love" to
no, it's just not in readily readable formats. formats change over time… /cc
good good! Keep it up :D
will never go off the air
Shawn needs to come get his TABC from my house..
Well, watch out Lexington
did you see that it caught the inside corner on Foxtrax?
Collaboration Not Litigation put me to bed last night. Amazing on tap Thanks to the bestie,
Bored so I'm textin random ppl.
new media can rebuild some of the community context lost and actively invite such participation and interpretation
Sixty million Africans have an income of $3000 a year,and 100m will be in 2015 #Africa #Optimism via The Economist
U tell all ur friends u dont fuck wit me but them hoes know we be fuckin.
In which Paul Krugman re-demolishes Charles Murray's silly book arguing that white American proles have no morals. nyti.ms/xbBHDR
After a fight you think about all the things you should have said but you didn't because your a retard
Emily woke up at 7 am. She and Annabelle are now screaming at each other over a Rapunzel doll. Feel like I'm in a bad movie.
Bitches wanna start already and it ain't even 7:00 o clock yet -.-
#teammiami gone take it all the way.
#WeWontWork if you don't own a SnapBack
my dog is asleep she looks so cute aww
keep tweeting questions its ionteresting :)
8 years ago today, I was at Fidel Castro's May Day speech at the Plaza de la Revolucion in Cuba. Happy #MayDay to all the workers out there!
I'd still love BVB if they all looked like basketball players, toads, mobsters, or computer nerds.
#everygirl needs a thug in their life...streetsmart
that seriously happened??
You gone hoop or you done with that huh
Should I ever have to say "Quit holding you brother hostage and untie him from the chair"???
Just flew in from a satellite service call in Santa Fe. Boy are my arms tired! Heh.
Wife just texted me drive slow - cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Did you know you could be wrong and swear your right
surgery for what?
Robertson needs to load his old ass up and visit those folks. Just might change his mind.
My Hearts a Stereo....
I have decided to blog every #Wednesday and #Sunday at #Christinaleona.com christinaleona.com
Some of these kids GOT to get their weight up.
is writing songs easy when u have a full band?
thanks for the follow! We'll be throwing monthly artist showcases in Raleigh every month starting in June!
....here we go again..sighs
BOY U KNOW WAT TO SAY IM SO LOGED N WIT DAT PC SHIT
tonight: Stay home and play all my Kenny Loggins tapes! Or not.
Broncos are going to win this one I bet a stack on it ! Thank you tebow!
5 Tips to Turn Your Website into a Marketing Machine
Every girl think they're
thanks! Was a lot of fun!
Hey, you just stopped tweeting. Are you guys still interested in having us? Let us know!
Ray ain't clutch
It's the little voice inside that makes you write.
If its gay in here! Smh
If a child can't learn the way we teach, maybe we should teach the way they learn.
We're not back yet, but we're heading home in a few months. We just decided it's time for a change :)
Super siked for my studio session tomorrow!! Ready to work!! 👌👍
One of my biggest professional problems is hitting post/send before I'm completely finished typin
Obama's political whore mailer? Huckabee & Citizens United were just kidding. Keep your day jobs guys, comedy's NOT your thing.
Guess what? Alex is Sexy!
my pants where so tight today xD need new pants for sure haha
Manipulating my roomie to light spiders on fire. I hate them!!!
Cause i at hot and pretty and a real grown women. And da Best part i have no kids Aww Shit now lol
Glad that #Grimm is starting to appeal more. I like it because I think it has #heart, not just dark-fantasy. Yay.
Just had some 3day old expired milk w. My cereal..might not have been a good idea
Saw my first car today hopefully he doesn't sell so I can get it 😍😍😍😍
its amazing!
Thank you Lisa!!! How have you been?
This is so much fun seeing everyone learn this
congrats on your award, Nat. You deserve it.
def Champagne!!! Drinks on ChiChi tonight!!
well we're from all different towns on LI, but generally we are located out of Nassau County
"Be Yourself." Why is this the most challenging task for me?
We are going in at Club 57 West, All Star Weekend Finale, I just did a crazy set I will be here until 4am so don't miss out! Lock In Lets Go
I think a few 'Bob' sized drinks should clear up confusion.
Don't be surprise if she ask "where the cash at?"
do you have the full layton draper video?
“Be curious, not judgmental.” ― Walt Whitman
woke up at 6am, still tired but could only think about data analysis. 7am, pulled out stata.
RT : Time to Grind! Time to Grind! Time to Grind!
I bet you're feelin all kinds of good! ;)
Girls in Action Launches NEW Junior High Initiative: G.I.R.L. will be piloted by Murray Junior High School, please visit: www.giaction.org.
#SmackDown dream match The Corre vs The New Nexus
pray, then relax
#notevenhungry I wish they would just let me
maybe not perfect... I listened to a bunch of dubstep this morning too ;)
I hate MCLA schedule releases because they are not professional and cyclical pieces (like NCAA) and more often attention grabs
where are the fags you fuck
My eyes still itch!
Attention waning. Energy seeping. These SLO's won't write themselves though.
People tell me im selfish, rude, inconsiderate.....all I can say is fuck you move around den.
I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying...
« I'm so ready to graduate , and get TF away from here !!!»
I so miss cooking for you, someone that appreciates a good meal, unlike your cousin!?!
omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family(: the fizzy family sticks together ^_^
What are you eating?? I have a deadline to make.
Good morning from TNC News
Purriwinkle the cat gets the name of the week award so sweet
goal is to just stay awake thru this test
I'm in the car , you can call me !
puff pillow
writing the credits for my album. omgosh
rain, cold, cobbles or bed sharing... i'm not sure what's worse.
RT Inspiring reception in San Francisco tonight. Great turnout including
- mind sending us an email at ? Thanks!
show me what cha got girl make that ass pop
"...is it tasteful?" "Dude, it's pirate porn."
5rts anyone?! :)x
There are people that eat it like that??
remember how you did it? Remember how you fit it?
#ClimateChange is an example of a politicized invisible threat. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
We had our warmest winter PIT count in memory.
that kinda just made my day. I almost feel like I was just Stamos'd.
Happy Father's Day!
had a great #audition and thanks all the candidates who came and showed their talents!
Not funny e.e
love it! Dave and really liked that piece. Wasn't fantastic?!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 19
me and need to have a venting session !
#FindSomeoneWho << don't find anyone .. they'll come to you :) keep your head up
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 19
I've been there several times. They have all sorts of samples. Great place to stretch the legs if you have time.
Pre-weekend #FF for those who still remember
What round of the playoffs are the Rockets playing in?
whoa. the photo of Thomas!
Significantly better, yes
If you're talking redesign, choose compact view from the options.
i hate it when big accounts think there so great so they dont follow people -_-
thanks for your support
Just wait till you see the line up for this years Urban Noise: Summer Fest!! Big announcement on Wednesday!
What should we value? I have a tip: go for love. Because love-of your work,o f your family and friends-passes the ultimate currency test.
You are welcome. Follow us back and stay updated with our company
And there will come a time where he shines brighter than any star in the sky♥ My 1000th Tweet. ♥
Can't wait! RT : I just registered!
Come on Friday!
Thanks for the pass man! Good Luck with the rest of the season!
Playing the online version of #DealOrNoDeal and still had 4 cases to open, and the banker asks, "Do you want to accept this offer: $0"
Not Sleepy..uhp thinkn bout my love.
follow and please :D x89
Gorgeous RT : Dear Weather, Thanks for being you.
Jazzin' tonite! Join some of the best jazz musicians in Vegas at the Freakin' Frog (4700 S Maryland Pky) 9:30 pm. FREE! Bring your axe!
you're very welcome.
can't wait for this weekend! It's spring cleaning time!
think of anymore right now
damnn that sucks!
The Library is at the Welcome Week event, today and tomorrow 3:30-5:30PM, LTB 1104-05. Come talk to us, we have candy :)
Steve Williams just called Tiger's shot the best water ball of his career.
Ha yea(:
Ya ass shooed af
Young wild and free has pretty much been beaten to death.
I can talk then into drinking, and talk em out a blouse..
Carolina please. I want Duke to drop to a two seed.
Inching closer. Cant wait to launch.
And a good morning to all
Converted basketball player TE Julius Thomas could break out too. Was a star at training camp last year but didn't play because run heavy O.
Good morning all! Woke up to no neighbors. Or fog.
We are now - 4 dee-lish grub, then headed South to #alabamajacks for FRITTERS! Woot!
thanks for listening! Keep On Rockin!!!
In a single email, links boasting 7 things, 9 essentials, 14 ways. What?! No actionable insights or impactful must-dos?
trust me I feel worse than you. Your hangover has a hangover. We were animals last night. Damn you Jaeger!!!
Peeps. We love you. That is all.
yes one of a select few in the superhuman drumming pantheon. for me, dennis chambers and dave weckl also make it.
what is this BS you tweet of?
Big night for the #TexasRangers. Pudge is retiring, and they're going to walk all over the Yankees.
Sunny day on a patio w cool breeze and bill monroe singing about jesus through my headphones transcends my agnosticism.
are you kidding? You guys are family, AWESOME family. Boredom not permitted!
#cantbelieveit Last day of school tomorrow... Yes!
"If Reagan were here...." really Jon Huntsman? And I thought you were making sense.
sounds good, if anything, FRIDAY!
Help us get to 200 followers so that we can have our first contest ever. :) We do follow back. :)
Wait, Caro released a music single? Seriously?? Oh, my.
hey there, how r u today?? hope ur doing well and hope ur wife is well also!
I really just want Friday to get here faster!
for lunch, for dinner with , , - it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
need.green.tea.now
": All my girls that I wanna go out wit either pregnant or jus had kids n aint bout that life right now. Ughh!" Ugh mine too
we just got engaged so I love your text!
Hey Andrew, thanks for the feedback. Do you have a few minutes to hop on chat in the next couple days so I can learn more? -Buster
Reminds me of a friend in New Orleans. Those are the first three of her first and last names.
I went Ta 3 No1 Had Dem Black N Turquoise Samoas
I didn't get to my hotel till like noon, slept for a while then explored a little. I'm exhausted cause I didn't sleep on the plane
WHY IS THE WEEKEND SHOW NEVER ON A WEEKEND AND ALWAYS WHEN I HAVE ENDLESS AMOUNTS OF STUFF TO DO
wow. Makes me embarrased to be a human.
welcome to Kansas, home of the greatest supportera club, #SportingKC #
argh. How did I miss this one?
Thanks to
To me this is the greatest option of all being that you dont need to have a million followers to make a few bucks
"spinnin' 'round horribly, feelin' like Dorothy" -Orphan Tears- if you don't understand...join the forum :D
hear theres a huge #solarflare headed our way, on Thursday I'm calling in Sunburnt.
I feel like my head went to the gutter on that one lol
Im all soaked (:
should have stayed in bed today
Police ticketing cel phone users TODAY by Charleston & Lamb! Yesterday was epic on Rainbow & Sahara, a huge line pulled over.
A few weeks ago there were three Anthony Muse banners on the ground in Charles Village. Nice way to trash a neighborhood. :(
Amazing. Makes it all worth it, huh?
All of today's tweets ended in the drafts folder, c'mon twitter!
Like your hair
Tall guys yumm:)
This is da one thing I hate about twitter any loser can follow u!! why?? r u really that bored in ur own life that u need to follow mine??..
apparently i am since my last one was 20 over
just friended u on 4 square!
We're choosing our tix contest winner by 5PM today. Don't forget to RT our last tweet and follow us for a chance to win!
Today's tip: When you make your food goals, be positive, list what you can eat not what you can't.
Haha, just something I found!
dude, why do your kids school you so much?
im coming with!
-- yep, i will be there all week. can't wait!
Mobile search is growing, but is your site tablet-friendly? Tablets now drive 39% of mobile search. How does your site look on an iPad?
Satrapi on modesty: "What is wrong with the breast... it's nice and round and doesn't bite. But, we have no prob dropping bombs on Iraq"
I was in Teotihuacan a couple years ago. Great place! #AlexanderInt TurismoAndanzasSMA
its a big concert with lots of celebs :]
trying my best but its hardly helping
We'll post another video at 500 likes! That's only 11 away, so we can make it happen in a breeze. Tag me sum a dat Coventry Square!
The Jack's Mannequin is here to rock you in Chicago tomorrow at the House Of Blues. Get your tickets now: 888-493-0004
my sister Shirley and Brother-in-law Scott really enjoyed meeting you last night - but made my daughter insanely jeolous
ahaha me to, i think a lot of people do that! :o
join the club homie
well there you go!!
being subjected to day of retired jersey viewing & people approaching "Well, hello, Mr. Decorah. You're a legend around here."
Nosotros Live in Las Cruces TONIGHT @ Hurricane Alley Pub! See you there!
Love the new iPhone commercial with Siri and Santa!
I was rolling Hahaha but how u been big sis?
you RTed me! I should I be lucky enough for you to do one click and follow?!(:
Vincent sent me. :-)
If you're gonna get around do it away from people you know.
game already over?
haha!!:) I will for sure enjoy the money:) what do you do for your job?
I need to get to follow me again ;)
Did you draw and put the photo together, let me know after you get some REM!
Brad Rencher, our Digital Marketing GM is bringing moneyball to little league
Freestyles at the end of the night.
i hate to play stupid but what do you mean 5rts?
Paul's epistle to the Gal. is full of indignation, for when students need correction, a good teacher does not always speak mildly. Bl. T
I haven't been on a beach outside of Lake Erie since '08. TWO THOUSAND AND EIGHT. So yeah, I'm a little excited for Florida next week...
#becauseofnicki girls (&some dudes) think it's normal to idolize a #fake plastic thing
Fantastic, thanks! Any new trends or tools in terms of info retrieval once they gain access? E.g., cataloging, search, bookmarking?
"where'd ya go to school, we ain't talking college. Charm city bitch...."
voodoo lab order has shipped! I will let you know when they arrive!
Pass interference | That keeps the pass yards down some | two forty-eight now |
yeah I don't like fb I love twitter more than fb ! I told u why.......
Yeah E Yeah E!!
is it 2010 again? That's how you run an offense with Ryan at the helm. Turner was big. Then a deep ball over the middle to Roddy.
RT : If you are doing something that is easy should you be pushing yourself to do more **this for you, **
that awkward moment when your debt is exactly the amount of all of your assets
a bit disconcerting
Proverbs 20:11 Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
Just finished reading some actually educational reader commentary on a news article and had to tell someone.
Picked up my #tuxedo look like a secret agent;)
Is anyone going to see #JimmyBuffett in Bristow tonight or Saturday?
We said our goodbye but the truth is i never said goodbye in my heart.
Look what up?
it's part of NCAS (college of arts & sciences) - what's the website url? they should have a contact somewhere.
It's Shyriiwook for 'Friend' :)
Hangin w DK and Hurricane in LA living the holy dream
Stop by and give me a visit !
Well you may be a sly existentialist/nihilist (sad/wrong?). You may aim to convert us into French people! Or get us to think!
Thanks for telling me this! Glad you enjoy :D
2009 MLK Grande Parade-Houston Best Designed Float Winner Houston Community College Will The Lead The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
#Jerzathon...forever watching Mike make a fool of himself....he will always be my least favorite
dang, you get to see all the good shows. life in Austin is pretty good. :)
Sign up on www.thetotalpetspa.com for more information. It will help me show the retailers how many pet owners are demanding this product.
So if my Ribs and your Swedish Meatballs got into a fight, who would win?!
The term "African-American" is not a tolerant term. It segregates us and keeps the flames of intolerance burning.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.13
ESPN First Take "If you like watching a wrinkly,old troll "make" faces like a gay, Tebow loving Jim Carrey"
Oh yeah. I want to do him.
Spend it al, when you die you cant take it with ya'
That dude's hair made me uncomfortable enough to walk away from where he was standing.
Thats a perfect idea for :))
Was just solicited for the 1st time for an article (usually the other way around). Wait until they find out I keep my digital rights.
I fill out significantly on high carb day.
"Sharp as a razor, crisp as a pringle!" -Len Hahahaha! Brilliant! :D
"Make each day your masterpiece" -
I guess being a cat would be like living at Golden Corral. The food isn't great, but you never run out.
A weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend. Stop by & say #MVP at door to get $1 off drinks! Also $30 optional open bar available
Miss Kathy will be here today at 4:15 for Story Hour! Bring your kids, ages three and up.
thanks alex! I am going to run your mockup by the team.
SO IM IN CLASS AND ALL THAT IS ON MY MIND IS CHINCKEN!!!
My eyes are already tired, but I have to do a lot of writing today!
just caught on this is your last week of class sorry to interrupt thanks for the call anyway and am praying ur strength luv u!
My mom-I'm not in a good fucking mood Me-Well your never in a good mood whats your point
Btw, I don't ask these details ever. People just tell me...I think I should just be a therapist, I'd make so much more to do less.
Hey all - check out a great local NEW Twitter account - authored by > please give her a follow!
I was recently charged a long hair surcharge at Khamit Kinks! That is working TOO well!
Go Skins!!!
Reality T.V is Becoming Worse Than Bacteria
hello girl thanks for following :)
Temporary happiness means nothing to me
Surprising - not yet in long term care or home health areas. Why aren't more facilities in these spaces?
I forgot how much I love The Lion King
let me know if you're getting engaged tonight lol Xfinity love. & send me our pic at your convenience por favor sugar. <3333
thanks! Finally feeling the creative juices flow again. I'll be in all day tomorrow!
Justin named his car Lisa, his "snake" Johnson, his toothbrush Bob.... and now he named his moustache Rodger. OMB THAT'S OUR BOY !♥
So inspired by the g40 mural artists.
Hahaha! Of course the good Dr Maher! Times Square Red/Times Square Blue already helped, so more queer urban critique is great
OK, taking a break from my Pinterest tweet deluge because I'm f*cking even annoying myself now.
Just added new #artopps to the #mnartists board from , MN State Arts Board, and
coming from u! lol
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 11...Bengals/Raiders #Take_The_Over (36) This one is #Over_Easy, with Bengals doing all the heavy lifting!
haha me encanta el thai food, yum :-)
tonight probably around 9 ish. Hopefully we can all chat at some point tonight. Really miss y'all :)
Don't remind me....
Need followers mention Tweet Late night special, buy followers, get same amount free until 7am
Awww i hope u get more followers too :)
The only way I could be more excited for my sister & her kids to visit (they arrive tonight!) is if my house were already clean & ready.
Gorgeous day here Just met the new VP of Development, Mr. Brian Lee. Firm handshake & warm smile, I look fwd to working w/ him.
Another Beautiful Morning In Albuquerque!
Oh yeah got the 411 for #mkebeerweek kicks it off on Monday with a brewery no one has in #Milwaukee do not miss this event
Apple Cider Vinegar works 2 reduce acid reflux. Must have the sediment like Braggs organic ACV. I've had success with that.
Ready for this food to be done.
dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count. i believe it's six going on seven now.
So is the elephant :( RT : Spain's King Juan Carlos says he is sorry for having gone on African elephant-hunting trip -
Go angels!
lol, I'd take the PDK :) Why were the paddles confusing?
Joey do u get to talk to James Stewart alot
im stupid these days :/
I'm not too hungry but I know I need 2 eat.... I'm exhausted
I don't know how many #Quotes I read on #Twitter in a day =0
Totally understandable.
😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳 RT “: I hate when all the cheese comes off your piece & you gotta work your tongue to get it all in your mouth.”
Successful MLM prospecting is through promotional marketing not selling. They either see it or they don't. Just say next!
LMAO got to be
someone better watch over Twitter for me while I'm gone the next 2 weeks!
TYSM Kelly!! :) RT Wishing a very HAPPY #BIRTHDAY to my childhood pal Evelyn ! Hope you've had the #bestdayever!
haha I'm trying to
"Diplomats and civilian advisors are now the face of the United States in Baghdad"
Thanks. Experience pays.
don't you mean blue? :)
I tried Pinterest and I still prefer Tumblr.
We have brand name health and beauty products up to 70% off Retail!!! Free shipping over $100. #Loreal #Sale #savings #Fructis #70%off
And now I must saw, Good Night America... and anyone else might possibly follow me not in America
#edshow In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
worst commercial idea for a Popsicle EVER.
From an evening of Bill Krueger, a mountain of empty hair product is created.
It is a miracle when I can say I'm working a half day and I actually get to leave when I say I will. 1 pm come on!!!!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Step It Up...In Vagina!!!!! Follow me
aaaaaahhhhhhh fuk you indesign why can't you read my mind.
you won't stop watching it will you?
80 yard Touchdown catch for Dillon Hunter, longest play of week one of playoffs, any division.
Thanks! Sorry about the broken link :p
Oh. Hah wait, who were you with?
How can an Embassy be this incompetent?
Who's here already?
"I have an Oscar! I forget my speech..." Adorable! I love when people can be so honest up there
Solutions...NOT ATTACKS. Sitting PREZ can do something...Bush, Reagan can't. Get it? Need me to draw pictures too?
3 hrs left to vote. Don't let criminal justice in SF slide backwards. Vote Ross for Sheriff. Tell your networks and vote!
Good night
Oh hello there 😏
Is your pool open to #SanDiego locals or just guests?
I'm def. Sleeping til It's time fa work oml lol
what up big dog
Hahaha!!! We got a place in LA. We're here for his stuff.
Turn on now. We are live!
Life is a song, what you do is the lyrics, how you do it is the melody, and the way you treat people will decide what the song's meaning is.
St George demoted to half ironman next year. Too bad.
Yep 5-9 inches in some areas of Chicago! RT : Chicago right??
thx! I'm glad y'all could come over.
I want font-weight:150.
Cubs fans have a lot to complain about, too. Most futile team in history! What you up to at the new library?
don't forget to
Have you seen Aviation Technology Center AAAE's t-shirts? They are pretty cool!
Blizzard probably should have finished making their game before they released it.
thanks sam. Hope all is well.
Would you pay $300 for a pair of VU meters for your Pro Tools rig?
Nicki Minaj on Pandors, helps take the pain away from the butt load of end of year work...
“: anyone know what's going on with the saints or Sean Payton????? haven't heard any news yet” sarcastic ass!!!!!
West Linn was up 30-6 over Barlow with 9 minutes left
well nobody ever says anything interesting in here anyway.
Once again a Bartlett error costs the PAdres the game. Then Hudson shows why he needs to be cut.
Im kinda proud of #presidentobama today, he stood of for his beliefs even tho he's going to catch alot of hell
thanks for the mention
Once again wondering if #oclc database of copyright evidence wasn't just a little too far ahead of its time.
Undercooked eggs totally ruined my appetite. Time for some MacDonald's.
Thanks to new followers!
k, so you know my status that says "i can't believe i fell for you, that was a mistake"? yeah, lol She liked it, & he just
While our minds need order and fairness, much of life is neither fair nor just. Thats a problem for many of us and is a Mojo killer
“: Next year I hope is in that picture!!” agree...where was J-Mo?
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like a bird without wings!
Keefer drops Melvin Gordon for a loss.
At this company this should be interesting lol. :)
Everyone go take 's class today 4:30-6!!!! She's amazing
It was good advice to share with others.
I am sitting in a programming class and am completely lost. I would copy off my teammates but both their computers are in chinese.
is right when ever I'm texting him I smlie
I hope that you miss me a Little when I'm Gone
You always think you can outsmart the machines. Wrong!!
SO TRUE. That show has to change its voting process. Best singers get voted off week after week after week...
He get popped with some?
#NoShots #PensPP this is like watching a family member slowly die in front of you.
I woke up salty af!
Happy Mother's Day
It's true we do ❤
On this date: In 1510, Early Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli died in Florence, Italy; he was probably in his mid 60s.
I love this weather, I love this weather, I love this weather:D<3
breathe in....breathe out....release :-)
soo many clothes, so little time.
Stuck on the tarmac! At least an hour!
Can you address JNPR?
so I'll have to find you in otherwords! :) I want our kiddies to play together, too much fun. We'll be out there one if these days
How much pain have cost us the evils that have never happened. Thomas Jefferson -
D: but but..it won't be so awesome anymore..! ><""
Quite under the weather.
uh it's en place, yeah that's it.
when i take my time on a paper i do bad, when i bullshit it i get an A
i keep checking facebook and twitter as if ill have a magical notification that will prevent me from studyin...#NeedToFocus!!
It aint the same without you!
I'm curious how Aware Digital is going to spread $2M over a project that 2 other firms (w/exp) price at approx $5M... :)
Just want to say that after last night's BCS Championship game, we all should know how to take a snap, hold, and kick field goals. #1TD?
Indeed RT : +1000 RT : Seeing this race makes me DESPERATELY want back on the sked.
None of the guys that I have dated have seen or heard me cry...#don'tlike showing emotions.
productivity in Palo Alto is suffering!
Madonna halftime show would have been better if people listened to that music But Indianapolis just knows country hick music
Listening to a lot of Death Cab for Cutie today
is having a spaz over one direction. cute. ;)
hmm, glad to see you noticed me :)
you shouLd!! Geez he's meaner than my dad (no offence) :c
hardly but when it was mixed up it tasted normal.
Shouldn't you be used to it as a Minnesota sports fan? RT Not a good day Minny sports. Rough.
Great article
I said DAMN that is HILARIOUS. thumbs up! :)
i have another question
F/D/E has that island in the middle that just fucks everything up, since those streets don't come to a single point.
Last comment now up. She is addressing the community- let's remember we all have the same goal in mind. Let's work together.
congrats and hugs and kisses to Elizabeth and Anna!
You're welcome! Life is good. Hope all is well with you too!
Thank you so much for helping to spread the word! Make sure to enter to win one of the amazing prizes!
it's too weird. Too weird. Babaha
“: Say it with me: This is MY moment & I choose to occupy it.” <-- I'm saying it out loud and doing my best to take action.
or that the good days sent out this flawed messages or false standard of expectations
oh no. your avatar animates? please no.
Follow and get a shoutout from her :)
both daily friends!!
Free public #concert by #Vigo Cty Homemakers Ext Chorus, 6:30 p.m., Oct. 22, Cecilian Auditorium, St. Mary-of-the-Woods....
next time you're in NYC, I would love to host you for 18 at the west course of westchester country club. Just a thought...
hahahaha that part always cracks me up
next time you see me, say hi :)
calling it an early night, the #seattlerockandroll starts early tomorrow!
i like it! :) Follow back??
Oh that was your girl? I thought I recognized her.
So nervous for Eric right now - he's taking his oral exams for his MA thesis! One step closer to GRADUATION. XD
hello old friend :)
Oh, what decision???
Let me set one thing straight - just because my parents have money and I have nice things DOESN'T mean that you can use me.
good luck in your racquetball tournament. what division are you playing in? how long have you been playing?
"NFO Redux: Share and Prepare" TODAY (12:30/LIB 301). New faculty can connect with each other and veteran profs. Also portfolio tips!
I don't think the toy company realized that even if you add 'Boys' to the name, it's still called 'Squinkies'.
oh really? REALLY? ok.
We shall never forget and always remember.
#IfItWasUpToMe , I'd play volleyball all day long ;* .
Dry clean your shirt beard-o!
Thanks for the follow! We're trying to make a local Milwaukee music television show. Let people know about us!
Hoarder. Save some for me!
I got my tumblr all set up! now its just time for posting all the latest photos and news:) ill probably do that tomorrow! Love yall!
Writing to about his support for the Blunt Amendment made me feel slightly better about the state of politicians up in my womb.
Smiling and nodding to agree w/ you. RT : I'm at the point of just smiling and nodding folks. Just smile and nod. 
