#McNabb McNomore 7 completions for 39 yards ... that's not a single drive stats ... that's for the game ... *ouch*
(c) time it will get better you will gain weight then get taller and look super model material don't judge yourself now (c)
my ex boyfriend
Want to see a good movie tonight, what to see?
I Need a Doctor
Almost at 50 Followers! Follow MyTrendyBuzz! We are always buzzing!
so bored
People with terrible grammar <<
Ducklings! 1st duckling citing of spring! (I just read this tweet, realized how dumb it is & started to erase it. But screw it.) Ducklings!
Miss you buddy!
That rush gave me chills
Why not have both, and next year we'll get you a chariot?
the main part! He got hustle more than everyone EXCEPT Kobe!
aww my booboo is sick..hopefulley he gets better
omfg dude you're blessed! <3
Get it, girl! :) RT : v happy - $250 J Crew gift card just arrived from :) Got my eye on the Dreamweaver clutch bag...
Otis redding Live in Europe on vinyl... Just saying, friends.
Happy Monday! Any time to chat about that field sales position today?
311 for storm related debris removal.
whatever they are they make you flip the fuck out lmfao. Sometimes I think your gonna die!
Heading to Birmingham to do a show at The Nick. Come party hardy with us!
Interesting note: The more classes I complete for the PhD Clinical Hypnotherapy, the more medico's paths I'm crossing & re-crossing!
It's time to open your eyes to see the fading of truth by the growing of lies.
sweet! RT : getting my pulled pork on! Bringing home a puck of deep fried mac&cheese m
yes it is I couldn't watch that bullshit...
quiet conference on a friday afternoon...
Don't start
email me for free promo codes for instant santa Thanks for the tweet and selecting us as app of the week!
So in case you ever have a chance to win a car, reggae is 's favorite kind of music. The more you know.
Unbelievable - dinner at Bandera in Chicago & we're at the same table as last time we were here. Except isn't with us this time :-(
On a Beatles kick, eh? Thanks for getting this song in my head.....
when I get a new machine
Tomoro night everybody free til 12 Reserve Lounge 729 main st houston tx #BE THERE
Reports of Memphis in very "heavy" talks to join Big East. Feeling a more and more like a mid-major all the time
#UFC Undisputed 3 is so accurate, half the time it goes to decision you get ROBBED.
Cafe 300 specials today are tomato vegetable soup or potato soup!
im not in nola yet! Haha, but thanks.
I am looking forward to it myself
Mine is on the shared heritage of digital archives, libraries and museums
reply to me ugly
this is a must watch “: Watch tonight- RT A can't miss documentary on ...THE WAYMAN TISDALE STORY as told by him”
Awesome! Simply their description sounded amazing! Almost like real-life alchemy!
Franscisco Molinari and D Johnson both get back to square
I think I'm gonna paint my boss of he doesn't get his act together.
A little more faith now?
don't be a menace
Join us for Fayetteville After Five Thursday, August 19 for the Craig Woolard Band! FREE ADMISSION!
When's the release date? I could send you mine.
There's a special place in hell reserved for those who vote for national chains in Best of Sac or A-List.
How was ur interview?
Have you heard of a 'Tweet-up ' ???
Completely commercial worthy!
I feel like I'm the last real nigga left, or maybe all the real niggas just left?
Seriously. Might as well not go to bed.
this ends today!!!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "I'm thirsty, where is a glass cause cups are nasty they taste like cup and they stank".....LOL
Weaver sucks!!!
“: DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B? more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???”hahahahahah deffff
Video #storytelling tip of the day: It's not about what you put in, it's about what you leave out.
Season Finale of #DanceMoms :)
Car inspected! The To Do List grows shorter.
I'm putting together a presentation on Leadership - anyone like to throw their 2 cents (or local currancy) worth?
I have no clue who he thinks he is ; & he just told me to come over because he's home alone.
my mom: "what the hell is the point if going to Sonic if we have hot dogs and chicken fingers at home?"
Thanks!!! Jesse's such a fab resource.... appreciate you routing this to the right person!
It is another exciting Sunday afternoon in Spain.
Meetings...I spend too much of my life in meetings!
Looking for something to do on Saturday? I've got two tickets I'm trying to sell to the #Brewers #Cubs game. $45 Field Infield 111 row 23
a great meeting today with the chicago literary alliance! keep your eyes out for a webpage announcement. putting chicago lit on the map.
Sounds good I will be sure to stop in.
is there still time to DM you about feedback advice? i only have 1 real idea on how best to give it. nothing else is coming to mind
Oh Snow days... You've given me so much in my life but why have you waited to let me experience Californication? :-)
did it happen?? I can head over there, if you need me ;)
Scoop up your boy!
TOP BRASS is in the house.
I want to marry you
Our Top Restaurant Tour is in Boulder on Saturday! Join us as we visit The Kitchen Next Door, Salt & Oak at Fourteenth.
Wazzup Tweoples!!! Rise, Grind & Shine!! RIP Al Davis, u may have not been liked by many but u gave the Raiders an identity people respect!!
That sounds amazing!
i'm off thursday. Maybe thomas and I can stop by then.
I get chills everytime I click continue on Uncharted Drake's Fortune because of the music AMAZING
Let's go to Canada “: I'm so ready to move to another country. Get me out of this place.”
you had me at caramelized ramp.
I feel like i have no friends anymore...
story of my life :/
my life is complete at the #familymeeting AC did a shout out to me. <3
Unifi brings your photos, personal videos, and music so you can enjoy them on your PC, iPhone, Android, etc.
Tired of being patient and wishing on a star wit some of u mofos
Happy 4th weekend!
At Cupboard Natural Foods health fair this Sat. and Sunday. 200 West Congress St. Denton, TX handing out free cookies! Come by and say Hi!
Uummm...I'm gonna be broke for awhile. Lolz all the money I get is going towards summer camps and trips :p
“: Chris Brown should stick with moving his feet, not his fist #GRAMMYS”
You know it! They spread joy from coast to coast ;)
text me
Happy 6th Birthday to "Little Joey" as Alyssa calls him. Even though your up in heaven doesnt mean we forget about you.
Funny, I just bought some Meth to make sudafed.
So fun following #HHawards via twitter. #DCtheatre rocks! Happy DC theatre week, and congratulations to the award winners!
if i'm gunna go, i'm gunna go havin' a good time
Yanno, I wouldn't mind if society called it Purple Friday. Then I'd actually be quite satisfied living in this country.
OMG she bit it off
I hereby confer my bee swarm mojo to . Go boy, Go!!
Another main difference from the era - 'the peaceful confines of the Mission' (!)
KG screamn out Beantown just made my night no doubt 
Dear Client: Your definition of "Know" and "Know of" doesn't mean a thing to the judge. You ain't Bill Clinton.
What state do you live in?
after denial?
Do you feel lonely? All the time.
The bookshop is open today!
I think it's a good time for a late-night snack...
Note 2 potential followers: if your profile describes sex acts, or if you have words like, bj's, cum etc. in your email, UR gonna b blocked
no, but I will hope to do it in the fall... nice to know your interest
87 and humid on the first day of Spring.
AJ... cut it out! Don't get thrown out!
Watched the #alayma12 awards live on the webcast today. Could feel the excited tension even via pixel.
"Status quo is off the table". Watershed moment for college football may be upon us. I'd love to see a playoff format.
Dam short season making all the players fragile!!
can we cuddle
Chase Rice's new album Dirt Road Communion climbing the iTunes country Top Albums this am! 9:30 and already at #11!!!!!
won all his writer awards during the steroid era...should come with an asterisk*
#Nowplayin. Obie Trice -The set up.
No but really. I wanna know who I follow on twitter is going to the NYC CONCERT:D
Flo Fusion is committed to fulfilling your health and fitness needs... how committed are you
Thank you for the RTs!!
Thanks to the stalking abilities of twitter, I now have a Thurs eve ticket to Disneyland. Thanks for the (inadvertent) heads up!
Come on! Fans have to support when it hurts too. ": Manu & Tim out tonight, I think Im done watching until playoff time. #Spurs"
Hey everyone leaving on a 4AM flight to Florida today to play with Mick Moloney and The Green Fields of America. I am looking forward it!
we could not be more confused by the list of topics and names trending right now. valeska popozuda? gesundheit.
Tonight I'm wearing 6 inch heels and my prisoner cell block h dress. I'm also playing the best records ever.
Looking for a startup lawyer in South Florida area. Any suggestions? #startuplawyer #florida RT
Big day ! We should work together one day!
re: White Buffalo sightings - maybe it's the Thanksgiving hangovers??? ;-)
Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse. Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions.
China: How many cymbals are named after a country?! Use china cymbal syncopations & different riding patterns w/grooves today.
yeah, i get bored easily :p
Join my chat:D woo.
same here homie
Costco with
Well, it opens with a #NickDrake song. Not bad.
And I see YOU, thanks lady K 😚 “: I see you! #KeepGoing”
. We are building/selling homes like mad. Our new sales center & our new web site are both coming soon. We need to talk!
We're open today in Country Club Estates (Westlake, off Bradley N of Hilliard) & Ventanas (Avon Lake, off Lear N of Walker), 1-5pm. Stop by!
Ahh... I miss the crazy thinking... brings out the best in ya, and the best writing.
Haha I'm scheming right now.
We are currently accepting submissions for our War on Terror issue! bit.ly/q6jzAE Thanks
Driving with my son #yikes first time in a long time
can't wait til I'm 21. I wanna hit that shit up bad lol
All right , I'm ready for my ORD SEA flight tomorrow to be reunited with my sweetie after 3 months! Don't mess it up, ok?!
for those caught UNAWARES, my excitement over Diablo 3 reminded me of one of my favorite words (and that word is poopsock)
TAYLOR SWIFT CONCERT SOON
how would you feel about helping plan a music type festival? To take place in the next year - 2 years?
Will Cincy ever get a clutch kicker??? Looks like Shayne graham is back! Pathetic!!!!!
glad I could be apart of it 😘
Have a safe trip Babe :-)
I'm free for whatever dude, you wanna grab some dinner?
Hiring a good Reno property manager for your rental units allows you to earn income through your property without taking on additional work.
Registering for classes.
Come on
And now I found Zapp's in Greenpoint. (On the sub? Genius.) Does any NYC/NOLA transplant want to collaborate on a Zapp's map?
recommends inserting the earplug part of your headset into your ear rather than the headphone jack!
I say they should add live twitter feed to the show next year. My twitter timeline >
Happy Mothers Day Momma J. I love you! ♥
easy as "12-3" get it?
Pi day is so secularized these days! Remember the reason for the season: Archimedes died for our sins. Well, for somebody's sins, anyway.
2nd issue of DOPENESS MAGAZINE is out people get you copy now...Dopenessmag.com to get your own copy people
Aww... <blushes> :) Thanks so much for talking to me. I enjoyed our chat. Good luck on your article.
yippey, i figured it out! it works, cool! Doesn't if feel great to figure out something that was once complicated, but now ur a genius?! :)
I'm Rachel
Nice! I once upon a time told Will Lowe that I'd work on v2 of YoshiKoder. That never really happened.
u should totally follloooow
Do you have any kid-friendly events any time soon?
“There was something about her that must have kept sending messages to my brain”- LT on future wife Fran Thomas
I can't find my mind,keeps on coming back to you,always back to you. <3
great game Kyle hope u have a great season!!!!!!!!!!!
Cantina Laredo will be ***OPEN*** Easter Sunday, 11am to 8pm
ik I hate the song too I just wanted to sing it because it's Friday. (:
Excuse me peeps... What profile update? Nothing changed. Same place, same job. Luvvin' it - going nowhere!
"CAPITALISM God's way of determining who is smart, and who is poor”
#schoolmemories varsity basketball
so, God can heal anything :) but you never told me how your shoulder feels miss
Ima take my talents to South Beach....
When people think of this topic they always think like this " Apollo" NASA, rocket scientists, out of my league, etc
Do you fools listen to music or just skim through it
quit being ignorant & text each other.
Is chatroulette the next Twitter? Will marketers find a way to leverage for mktg purposes? How soon?
Phys Ed: Eating Fat, Staying Lean
Fun night bartending and taking pictures.
i really like your avi :)))
sure thing pal!!!
I can't friggin see my friggin mentions.
#Gladiator has gotta be a top 5 movie of all time ...maybe even top 3
Some Rosy Predictions for Windows Phone 7
Anyway... Mani + Pedi time *_* luv it! An its #empty in here. :)
then I'm sorry we can't make a deal ✌ :)
Money on my mind
I adore John Stamos. :)
it's like the redneck version of fantasy factory. Full of hilariously terrible ideas.
Did I see you racing around campus earlier today?
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
what's that from? I like that.
Hi Jayce! thanks for the follow.
Let's see if the caps can actually win ONE game tonight! Pitt won 3 against TB!
Save This Show: NBC's Community Needs To Stick Around Last week a young man of Polish and Indian descent walked into a black room decorat
ESPN News - Bulls PG Derrick Rose (NBA MVP in 2011) suffered torn ACL in win vs. 76ers, out for rest of playoffs
Debating what day to get a pedicure
Francona?! Dickie, please get CoachK 2 talk some sense into Theo and hire Ryno already! Cubs making big mistake!
Arguing young people "dont get sick" is FALSE, like Type I Diabetes takes a break from from age 26 to 65.
if dey truly a bitch thats the only thing they respond to
Registered and looking forward to a great event!
S-w-e-e-t quote: "I like it when you smile but I love it more when I'm the reason."
oh, my! little miss Cincinnati!
Bent Road Cabernet by Queensland Wines and Think I need to round up a bottle or two.
I wasn't really spitting game i was scrimmaging
#Dog Fact: All dogs, regardless of breed, are direct descendants of wolves and technically of the same species.
its ok <3
Hopefully this is gonna b one of those plans that actually work
Same with porn stars and such. What happens after they're no longer interested in that line of work?
i frikin know rightt she is busy though we dont wanna affect her wonderful dancing rightt? xP
Lebron wore adidas until money exchanged hands
#MilwaukeeDictionary TABS - Truancy Abatement & Burglary Suppression AKA Take a break, sh!t!
#Good-morning #followers, #TGIF have a nice day
thanks for the follow :)
: what is it? How to tweet, for dummies?
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning. -Ivy Baker
well then *scoffs and walks off*
Can't wait to see what the future holds!
If a restaurant closes at 9.... How bout you don't come in at 8 45???
Unfollowing a lot of talkers this morning.
Good morning, MVPs! Where are you going for #karaoke this weekend? What will you sing?
The amount of water doesn't matter. It's the other stuff!
Westbrook need to pass
Air-conditioning, Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
And i will retire with the crown, yes.
Yes! RT : GR8 idea RT Amani Toomer running NY marathon starting last Timex to donate $1 for every person he passes
the razor blades of home sliced into my whispering lips.
big day yesterday! arrival of my dress swatch, food for thought tasting menu completed, and save the date drafts begin!
why are you going to go Australia, hun?
Hey , what is the Facebook valuation at for the IPO tomorrow? #OldArguments cc:
Is it snowing in Philly?
Cuddling with puppy. <3
Coffee makes me tired not hyper.
A HIT
STOP IT! me and aren't going out!!!
Volunteer gig today's not so much w/ the actual work as it is playing with twitter and pinterest, answering the occasional tech question.
Matt Martin wins a decision from Wayne Simmonds. 5 each for fighting. Credit Simmonds for hanging in there.
Still any chances any get leaked Twitter...
I think making babies, falls under the "not work" category...
Oh god. Just rested my eyes and it's like, 4 hours later. What happened?
The only thing worse than the Caps defense is the asshole on the karaoke at this bar.
The price increase along with storage decrease forced by is crummy, but far worse is their effort to hide plan-cost details.
Platoon in my pants! Blackhawk down in my pants! Apacolypto in my pants!
Sorry, we wish we were getting to more areas. Soon!
Theirs green in my eye color!
This grounded chick is cute but she's grounded hahahahahaha grounded. Bad dog I mean girl thingy person
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go. Margaret Walker
Please go to www.whypunchtheclock.com and get on mt waiting list .
Careful: We're running 10 miles RT : Yea!! RT Attention #Broncos media: brownies & banana bread on my desk
I'm a Hungapino, proud Hungarian Filipino
I'm speechless right now.
"There is a price we will not pay. There is a point beyond which they must not advance."
En art comme en amour, l'instinct suffit (whether it is art or love, your instinct will suffice)
smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and
RAA's "Illuminate", installation exhibition will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery! Also up for Gallery Night and Day!
I always forget how fascinated I am with elections - waiting for the GOP #IowaDebate. Let's hope Rick Perry decides not to speak.
Hell I see you
are you talking about the cherry berry one or whatever it's called?
bo!!! Let's get together!!!
you might not be able to do that in 140 characters by game's end.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.-Napoleon Hill
G-SHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!! In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!!
No Problem<3
the Internet is real but your PR person is just your Other Self™
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Kyle Boller's pocket awareness
loved your performance! makes me so excited for Believe tour!!
well I try to always work out & can't really remember the last time I was "out" of the gym. It's a lifestyle! :)
☺I am happy i can do a smiley face
Subway foot long (: ☺🍴
bt not for long
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. ~Edgar Cayce
is cuter than you haha
": is on one this morning." I'm blowing cars that's errday.
Beautiful day in the neighborhood. Be thankful y'all
THIS IS THE REAL ME
nano... I couldn't figure out how to save or escape!
You don’t need to win every medal to be successful. Jason Fried
Where is when you need him?
RT : #summer2012 RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
well it's one actual math class and 2 other math based classes.
good look sis... Congrats!
yeah. it really annoys me that it is hard to understand
The best way 2help the developmentally disabled is to tell your friends! Help us spread awareness about how badly our assistance is needed.
from Dept of Energy talking about social transformation. Breaks content down into short features. Online outreach. Infographics
so it's new york
Had a good time at the POK taping! Happy Birthday <3 (:
Friday Tweetcast - Rain becomes likely...mostly showers with a few rumbles, but severe weather is unlikely. Highs in the upper 70s.
Nothing better than listening to Bob Uecker on the car ride home. Even better when that car ride is at 11:55 p.m.
Life is like playing chess with God. Your moves are called Choices- His moves are called Challenges. ~Anon
Come see us play LIVE @ The Central in Santa Monica! 1348 14th Street. 9:30pm Wed March 21st. This upcoming week! :)
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!
Could you imagine going to and then turning around and going to ? That would be silly!
nice! This years batch of Oberon is pretty good
RT : "Most of all, love each other as if your life depended on it. Love makes up for practically anything" 1Peter4:8
I love you to ❤
right! #always way #always will be!
indeed! Spending the weekend, couldn't resist. Going to the giants game then I'll be looking for trouble. You?
Let the horns rise.
“: Austin Rivers sister dates a UNC player”
Enjoyed meeting with you yesterday. Everyone: Phil is a good IT Training resource...plz follow!
Ha - yeah, there were a few things like that, but overall, great fun.
Oh of course, Im not disagreeing with you, nor am i upset or saying i dont like Colin! He is a fantastic Comic, 1 of the best
You are the best Mom that I have ever seen! Your kids are wonderful!
Yes, that actually happened. RT : Holy sh*t. just ran into the founder of
wants to know what YOU are doin' 2nite?!
Lady Grey is one of my all-time favorites :)
The more you do something the same way in a story the more it loses impact. Same words, twists, situations or visuals.
My nigga dell fina throw down on da grill for da 1 time
being in Sec Salazar's office when he gets the call that the cement worked = internship win
I use to HATE back to school shopping! HUSKY jeans not cool!
No prob, thanks for supporting the arts! RT : Thanks for mention of our grant to boost arts education in Boston public schools
uh oh!
Thanks - You too! Love your bio!
Today is so not my day !
Every time I rest my forearm on the top of my #babybump, the baby bops me saying 'hey that's my head!' <3 #badmommy,
Ah pupppyyy! Let me pet him ^_^
Wait...it's not about the health benefits of citrus fruit...?!
off to brazil!
hey Scott - dev of CC here! If you have any questions or need any help, be sure to let me know!! :D
I think Mr. Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grinder!!!
I didn't notice this till right now 😳😳
you are hilarious
hey a win's a win!
But she be at my desk during 3 period
Congrats on SXSW and the Aggression Scale!
Hello! Everyone! There has been some positive changes. :)
Its finally summer! First year of college
Monday at the Bar! Jackpots!
Thank you everyone for following me! Welcome!
Can we just chill? Converse. I'm trying to see how your mind works..
Thanks for this Google+ info! I've been trying to figure out how to use it best professionally.
true..... Twitter via tv. Craziness
WE GOIN HARD AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! 1ST THURSDAY OF 2012 BABY!! LET'S GO!!
From 2009: “Today's #TED: Economist suggests we should be suspicious of stories: on.ted.com/Cowen”
thank you!
Hope you and your husband enjoy the rest of your vacation.
The morning's hardest decision is which t-shirt to wear..
I concur, lets beatcancer and beat it and beat it and beat it!!
cmon man... You gotta know Mayweather is takin it by decision!
I Love, and the world is mine. Florence Earle Coates
Thank you to for my delicious late-afternoon lunch, and for feeding my coworkers too!
It is truly a dream come true! :) I expect all my meals will be replaced by this candy very soon.
I invite you to till the rich soil of your soul. Connect with ALL of you; the "good," the "bad"; embrace your Power...Integrate and be one!
Only hope now is that the #Knicks pull what the Red Sux pills in 2004
The Texas Rangers were the first state police agency.
Good news for #Tivo on its patent lawsuit win. Still, I'm really surprised no one has bought them yet. Love Tivo
That is a shame. Well, I enjoyed our conversation and thanks for coming by. What other conferences do you attend?
: Haha. Very cool. Hopefully I wouldn't be in the city for the zombie apocalypse. Too many people and not enough room to run!
I can't wait til the #zombieoutbreak, because it'll be funny for kids to get away with the old "a zombie ate my homework" excuse.
"I was shiny on the outside and rotten in the inside," Steven Ford
#uwmjamsinternships - apply now! It's never too early to apply.
Lol I didn't care about the shots that he made. I just can't comprehend my inability to post up.
Got caught by a DC camera for speeding a month ago. 390+ speed cams? Wow. Check out: The Top 10 Cities For Speed Traps via
Crap I should be asleep but I keep playing puzzlejuice >.<. x97 combo gogogogo.
They always tell me that no one is working as hard as you, i laugh it off even though I'm knowing that its probably true! -Drake
is literally the best person I've ever met
How did your first day go? I hope it went well!
M sounds good!
Packed house at Vessel for New Diplomat's CD release party... www newdiplomat.net
Toured the Celestial Seasonings factory in Boulder.
when all that happen ?
Get stoked for our new shows at www.facebook.com/collaterallive!
we go every year. Lol. It gets kinda old but at least it's a vacation.
WhoAh what a weekend.... Our Contest is done..! will post more info shortly so stay tuned -
Life tends to have that Toothpaste and Orange Juice affect... Some things just don't seem to go together. That is all
You should've called, & I would have loved to get together
If I could, I would still be laying on the back of my car under the open sky with you(: laughing, goofing off and cuddling(:
I cut three fingernails too short. Oh the pain.
I am twitter happy today sorry fb.
FINALLY! its about time she started to care!
Yeah, that's fine.
How you look affects how you feel. What is your favorite clothing item that is you?
Working Chevelle tonight. S/o to #Estelle for calling me cute. Ran into a lot of hip hop figures at last night show.
Hoping to learn some things I don't already know, and hear about how others are marketing and teaching this tool!
The AT family would like 2 say thank u & good luck 2 as we say "c u later" 2day. We'll miss u & ur smile, but wish u all the best!
Nothin says #Goodmorninggg like 3 flights up a stopped single row escalator w/ ppl stopping every 6 steps to turn & tell how tired they are.
YO MAMMA IS SO OLD SHE RAN TRACK WITH THE DINOSAURS
last night why didn't you go to the bean?
I wish Vin was with the boyz so he could of saw Justin to.
In Your Trap, I am a more
Ok so how do you folks feel about all digital programs?
SCREAMIN HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE. HAVE FUN THIS Y'ALL DAY
bored at work.
Lime is a Green- tasting rock. (This one is a personal favorite).
major props to for getting suspenders with his tux!!!! he doesn't suck at life. haha
what is LIs?
Wow, thanks! Let us know if you need anything or have feedback! :)
You have a great weekend, also.
RT In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock - Thomas Jefferson
Im so high looking down from the ceiling, tonight I might plank on a million
Down to Maryland for lacrosse
You live, laugh, and love. Usually just to wind up getting lied to!
and we just signed up on your beta site! thanks!
How come? Just Curious?
I was certain you didn't have 5 fingers because every picture I see of you, i only see your middle finger on each hand. My mistake.
it's just wrong!
I know you'll understand me here when I say that I'm already going through some grief just taking pictures of them for facebook...
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Ah... to be the 2nd or 3rd guy on stage to give their Academy Award speech, as Everyone's Yelling "5 SECONDS!!! HURRY IT UP!!!"
I noticed that as well
Current VIVO includes mechanisms to boost as well as exclude search results, will also improve in 1.5. Must get slides.
This kid next to me looks like .. <33 lol full on stalker mode.
Love what you do!YaY
Anyone know of any magical potion that makes a person more mature. Im 4 months away from 28 & still act like Im 15. Oh well forever young
Attending a very informative EDUCAUSE webinar on the 2012 Core Data Service (CDS)...great changes made which improves navigation
Tebow needs to stay away fom Katie Perry
You have an incredibly warped definition of tough.
Just beat Mac in Scrabble! It's the little things...haha
People who drink, smoke heavily and take hard drugs tend to live almost 10% longer than those who don't.
wow! those images are inspiring.
1 vote for Go Dog Go RT Today is Children's Book Day. What was your favorite children's book?
Professionally separated artwork will make all the difference to your prints!
I just suggested to my soccer playing step-daughter at U of A, to try out for #Arizona #Wildcats Field Goal kicker. She can't be any worse.
The basketball finals should be coming up really soon!
i miss my freaky friend :/
Ree Varcoe: Wonka's Everlasting Gobstopper: The Ultimate Test of Motherhood: As I approach this Mother's Day, I am going to be fearle...
RT : Crowded streets, homeless man surviving, music. ...seeing a Play. I love NY
hey hey ...how are you :)
As I was scraping my windshield this morning, couldn't remember why I hated 105 degree weather this summer quite so much
Some 20 million Americans listen to Rush #Limbaugh. They think they get their "news" from him.
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's tomorrow night, stop in for great music and a showing of my artwork
yes. Exactly yes to all of that.
Dude im juss playin ' chill bro
oh damn :/...im starting to get sick..one of the many reasons...to hate winter D:
Yes, my Spanish grade is up!
Back home now. Quite a wild experience. Thx 4 the kind words. We're going to tweet about you today to again show our appreciation.
Tx for the RT.
Kobe Bryant's sick faces <
you back out hun that grate news
RT : RT its fucking funny that I can be there for all these people but when I need something nobodys there for me
Thanks for the kind words.. and again, for such cool MMA story ideas. You're 2-2!
I want to hear more about that!
just got done cutting the grass. I could literally eat a whole box of Krispy Kreme donuts.
Thanks girl :)
RT : "No push and the door of opportunity will not open." - D. Pressley [Great quote, Delores!]
then come over. Let's do this.
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."
Happy Valentine's Day!
one of those #priceless moments in life just occurred: my 3-year-old asked to watch his Jimi Hendrix DVD from Space before bed.
Love me some Bo Jackson!
"Lesson plans should be learning plans"
turned off my bedroom lights & tried to make it to my bed in the dark. not such a smart idea. gonna have a big bruise tomorrow.
As clutch as Pierce's 3 was, that shot was equally as unclutch.
what are your thoughts on Mario's physical this morning and bringing his fiancé to Buffalo?
cool keep me posted
we're just getting started :) lots of cool event stuff happening soon we'll keep you in the loop
I got it and responded
R.Carson "Only w/in the moment of time rep'td by the present century has 1 species..acquired sig power to alter the #nature of his world."
YOLO has run its course, I officially hate it
So glad we can connect! Thanks for the follow!
What a week! #lotsgoingon tonight's event with was so insightful!
sorry for not updating my blog this past week. i'll make it up to ya tomorrow.
answer... Well you're nice and talk to me like I don't suck dick for money.
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
so we are still friends. good. lol. nothing really, just thinkin about a new tumblr name:)
RT : I'm about to cut off ties with thank you for your #twitter bio <-- You're welcome =)
Hahahaha when was I doing that I must have been high ^_^
Thanks so much for including my tweet in your The Write Stuff Daily Paper. Much appreciated. :O)
I freakin love Heart Attack by Trey Songz <3
I'm only watching Dancing With the Stars to kill time before The Bachelorette starts
yeah i mean hes attractive lol:P
Niall Horan Is Handsome
Omgg!!! At the at guy at the 76ers game. Omg, I am tramatized for life.
you would be in the know! I'm assuming it would be defensive rebounding--cause Shabazz won't miss (or will he?)
hahahaha!! u need to own that dress. It has ur name written all over it.
Just this morning, after weeks of putting of my health, I reminded myself that health is always the # 1 priority.
BBW reunion today......damn
Thanks to my lovely ladies for such an amazing and fun night!! love you girls<3<3<3
#theoffice is so terrible now. Dwight is so unlike-able, Parenting has made Jim and Pam retarded, and Andy = dumbass. I'm done watching.
what's u doing
No matter what I sell a bat for, 3,4,5 hundred bucks, a free 5 dollar bat grip always seems to balance out that transaction.
Earn a $50 AmEx gift cards for business account referrals. Call us 404.629.5200 to learn more.
O ok! Totally makes complete sense now
definition of a hoe ass niggardly. Next thing this dude gonna grow a dully and get educated. To back to school fucka
Had a blast - thanks for having us!
I feel you. Your new pic is bomb btw
#StronglyAttractedTo guys that can keep up while dancing REGGAE <3 eyyyy
got school in the am gotta do this damn hw smh feel like im back in high school but owell gotta do itso i can be that much closer to mydream
Driving mom's car to Charleston. Best part - Prince and Rick James on deck
I think everything administrative is hard for small businesses. It's often $0 per hour work.
We plan to move to Vegas just as soon as we sell our house in NH.
Protect your investment.
lolol(: noo glasses don't do laundry lol well I don't idk about all these other fancy glasses :p hahaha(:
hey what was that miike snow song I liked? Something about the stars or something 😁😨
Gonna be a long day here at work c'mon 4 o'clock!!
M. Isla Vista.
I hate when people act like they don't know shit. Bitch you know damn well what's going on.
Are you trying to say you have a pasta hang over? Now that's Italian! Lol
waiting for #Paulmccartney #grammys hope he doesn't embarrass me.
I wish Denzel Washington would get a twitter
I don't care how moving the image macro you post is, when it ends with anything like "I bet you won't share this" it's instantly right.
#artsummit "People themselves make changes. It's not semantics." Scott Rankin says be careful about "changing people"
Made my first online purchase since giving it up for lent and I couldn't be happier!!!!
okay will do. Thanks!
Java Engineers wanted: front-end or back-end java engineer they can hire? (via ) - CEO of Billshrink.com (reply directly)
The pretzels by the coffee machine are crack. Any food left by the coffee machine is crack. ...really any food is crack.
stop lying !!!
Flames to dust Lovers to friends Why do all good things come to an end ... Been stuck in my head all day
looked for 20 min for article and couldn't find it - then realized he'd said "jewelry" not "jury"
STEM engages students and increases motivation with project-based learning and encourages students to solve authentic problems.
Food Fact: Hmm. Swiss Steak, Chop Suey, Russian Dressing, and a Hamburger all originated in the US.
Sure, I'd like to take a look at it! How do I get an invite?
what time?
agree it gets confusing.
Or not.
Oh yea I know girl... So sad!! Watchin CNN now
Lol today is my mom's birthday!
Momma yelling at me bc her shoes are cold
Calling it a night nothing else to do everybody be safe
Defintely! College is kicking my butt
I absolutely hate you, esp because you always turn down my suggestions to go there insisting you "don't eat red meat"
#BringCigs in Twitter Jail :(
Thank Y for the radio talk show on your new book. Great to hear your voice. We should all be skeptics of society! Great Show!
Missing in JLin hoopla: Why D'Antoni benched him for so long. Granted I'm a Harvard fan, but it was always obvious he was better than Toney.
Now following [:
yea, artists already have the little "links" page with their friends' sites, why not a step further?
that's a good question...she is a pretty good picture taker!
updating the Documentation page right now for iCalendar
i basically missed the shirt and got my legs:p
Little known fact: My wife has an unhealthy crush on Groundskeeper Willie from The Simpsons.
Yeah! On the board finally! Thanks #Weeks! Go #Brewers!
Nate the great... Splash hit!
best feeling EVER! :)
MT Bar tonite 5-830p! 12 Trucks+ great wine = One great way to spend an evening!!
Trying to stay focus but I can't concentrate at all
really? lucky how was it?
#sandiego #foodtrucks: can anyone give me a quick sound bite about proposed AB 1678 (prohibiting food trucks 1500 feet from schools)?
miz and and his boyfriend just got firerd
Meanwhile BET is showing the stupid ass trapped in the closet series... (via ) [BET is just Viacom in blackface.]
Still working on chemistry...because my life rocks
easy as pie. <3
Visited HBCU Virginia Union, Richmond, VA. Nephew, poli-sci major; future Q!
alright that last post is going to keep me way too hype.
do you know what he was wearing.
Ugh I hate English vocaaabbbbb. -_-
what shirt might that be?
thunderstorms for the last 3 hours have kept my laptop unplugged, which means I'm actually reading instead of playing Torchlight.
I've experienced that a few times. Unknown cause.
How come it doesn't feel lile it?
Meow good morning friends !
Library til god knows when 📖📝
I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man.
Its really unbelivable how the most ppl that have a twitter account is for jb or selena gomez..this show support for 'em :)))
Raining day so alternative exercise is chasing dust bunnies!
MY NIGGA .....THE GAME CAME OUT
Yayyyyyyyyy Tutoring soon
"Who's chair is this? Not my chair not my problem that's what I say"
Loll. I bet you're wondering why I'm asking youu stupid questions. lol. I just think you're cute. (:
tarus even though I'm Scorpio
Eli consistently leads the NFL in dumb face.
Congrats to the amazing brand-new district 33 Dane County Supervisor !! (aka Jenni Dye)
Glad 4 ya pimp!! U deserve it bra!!
Would it be a red flag if she was your girl tho? Lol
also, , "Having HPV is about as serious as needing contacts."
Have any of you seen Man of the Century? It's phenomenal!
Love SVG calling out DHoward and Magic Execs about his coaching status. Those two are like an old married couple.
Smith and Rinne may be the two best goalies in these playoffs going against each other.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. also your videos are amazing carly. =)
We will do whatever you want us to, to help make it happen! But please make #8hrCicLAvia a priority!
Follow team follow back
sounds like an amazing w/end...beats 20 hours in an airplane any day!
Sorry Erin, guess I'm a free market purist. (;
5 Mile run in 37 flat. 7:24 average. That is indeed a RUN, not a jog. How fast can you do 1 mile? What about 3.1 (5k)?
mi big sister.
Is there any point to four square besides10 percent off at Scotty's
Made my first batch if puff puff
weird how their from Australia too haha
Trying to work a bit during the Pow-Wow. Old Town is very busy. Unfortunately,I can't do all day. Have a great Weekend.
wld love to see more of what it doing, need to do same here at some point, does ur stake have own Facebook pg?
Im so stupid -_-
And that trains, planes & freeways coexist in this area so why cant Solar Turbines and Fat City Lofts?
Shot the prologue scene today! Great stuff. It will all be revealed in an exclusive release february 17th!
Defense folded like a bad camping chair.
Everybody is unique I there own way right.
I'll bow out of this conversation for now, guys. Thank you.
I'm sure it'll be fine - thank you! Want me to ping you my email now or after the conference?
McGary hasn't done anything in this game!!
Hitler was Progressive too;; sicko
night night world <3
it's fine by me, if you never leave.
Follow me on instagram at:
Glad todays my last day:)
Your Music is bumping hard in Brooklyn right now in my house "TOUCHDOWN" Yo Gotti tweet me back my G !
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
Its always the usual. When ever I needa talk with someone about some problems there's no one here -.-
I've been productive for the last two days, I wrote 20 pages, combed my hair and smiled at a guy. This is a sign of the end of the world.
Will be in and out of Twitter this week, as schedule permits. :) :)
Third time's the charm.
it's perfection. I'm pretty sure that nothin is going to surpass it. I'm gonna have to get hella scholarships though.
have more fun. trust the process. don't give up.
Sup wit all deez new niggaz
Went book shopping today for the first time in 4 months. Better than sex.
Getting ready to talk about the Halloween parade on with ! Tune in at 7:50 to hear about 's appearance.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE. (;
Friend moving to SEA looking for nonprofit work. Legal Aid atty for 8 yrs and wants to use her expertise for good. Please DM or @ me leads!
Probably better than House on the Rock - that'd give a kid nightmares for years!
I WANT BACKLIT KEYS!
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ;
we're about 20 miles along the San Diego Freeway to the Convention Center, let us know if you need anything else!
Missing: set of balls. Last seen frozen somewhere in West Boise. If seen, please call Nick.
your not alone, many others agree with you,including me.
some does but the rest is just blah blah blah they always talkin bout the south nd rodeo it annoying lol
That Awkward Moment In An Arguement When You Realize You're Wrong .
Yeah.. I'm totes going home to take a nap after this hour.
Any input on flying a couple days post-op? I think we're going to fly PDX to LAX next weekend. How miserable will he be?
Stop by PA-142 and say hi!
Omg! I want a build-a-bear <3
state tax return?
RIDICULOUS MATCH!! RT : Nadal is 25. Djokovic is 24. That's the best part of all. This will happen again.
How was your trip?
I'm grilling tonight steaks, poke chops, Italian sausages and then ima turn up on this drink.
today's Earth Day? nice. (:
Good history fact! RT. April 30, 1803 - The U.S. purchased the Louisiana Territory from France for $15 million.
Iran Navy sending Warships to Atlantic Ocean Near US East Coast and prepares Mass production of New Missiles.
That awkward moment when u look at a girl and realize u want the guy beside her
Cabernet makers need to quit wining
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
#ff my new job crush.
tonight we'll go for le smoked spare ribs, light spring salad, and roasted rosemary potato. Boom!
Love meat? Get introduced to Churrasco (shoe-HAS-ko), authentic Brazilian grilling coming to #ColoradoSprings on 4/5!
RT : Enjoying 's art at
Thanks! I really love your cover of Genesis' "Dance On A Volcano'!
Here before the library even opens
Yeeah. I think it's just one local section blogger having fun. Did you see it on homepage or something?
Thank God.
Tell her I said hello ;)
A musician goes to heaven. St. Peter says, "You can load in through the kitchen."
that is awesome! It was just a Thursday for me. :-)~
After reading Hargrove's declaration, one things is clear to me: Gregg Williams is a dirty SOB
Have fun tomorrow morning!!!
Had my coffee, had my kisses.from.daughter& hubbie, now ready to ninja kick the day off right!!!
Thanks everyone - good night!
what comment?
Not one jazz person.
things went pretty good. But things could be better. Thanks for asking! :)
These people came to make sense, some of tennis from the world of cab. ??? congrats on 9/24.
RT : Stay tuned, fans! The 2012 #ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be announced today at 2 p.m. ET!
Ditto. V-day is just a big marketing scam.
Mr. Clark is so creaapy.. He literally just stares at girls..
Furyk's isn't a thing of beauty but results are sweet.
Why would the song imply that I know all the other reindeer but then ask if I recall the most famous of all? Why wouldn't I?
RT RT Like many things in life, cruises are best when they're shared. Ask your [Travel Agent] about group sales.
uh oh 0.o
RT Friend just told me she showed images from a lynching in class & a student honestly thought the man was bungee jumping.
RT : There is now nipple marks on our car..Sweden is always fun.
have fun at magic! My aunts are there for scootergirls! Go check out the booth. Love and miss you!
wouldn't have missed it, pleased to be part of & banished! history
All roads lead to #WorldPremier #HeadlinerFridays @ tonight! || this party is known to be for NYC's elite only.
Yes we filled it. Why? Are you giving up on Uranus and moving to NY?
#PrivatePractice Jake. All day... Jake. I was liking him and Addison at first but now I want him and Amelia to hook up next season.
Now that line needs to be in some kind of promo :) I'm paging the Marketing Department!!
May not be what you want, but it's what you need. Sometimes the only way around it is to let love do it's work. So go on; let it hurt
I Go after what life offers
can't complain... Hella tired still doe
Sophie seems sad she has to wait another week to watch yoga rave.
I am also insanely excited to see The Vow this weekend with
Slept in a mummy bag with my leg brace last night. It's a long, long story.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL I mean
People smoking around me -_-
And that was officially a not great first half for the Packers
Hydro-zone your yard. Group plants with similar moisture needs in same area to make sure they get the right amount of H2O.
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms. ~Author Unknown
I keep accidentally bringing up source code on web browsers. Is that a sign?
you get an accepted offer on that mansion yet? #np Big Tymers - Real Big
Car review: Hyundai Azera - The Tribune
thanks for reminding me to twitter
Happy mothers day
omg was totally thinkin about him last night!
Welcome home. Delete all.
Crazy weekend :) ending my night with new video! how was ypur weekend?
I was going to say the same thing.
that is soo me
Home Energy
You should come kick with with my homies and me today :) we're gunna drink and smoke!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when you have a lemonade stand and a duck walks up to you and asks for some grapes..
that's right lol ....
what? Lol anyways how was school? :)
Been relaxing all day, I love relaxing!
We've got power.
My uncle ordered me steak and Jack Daniels with Diet Coke, I like this :o
About to do one more, than I'll stop! Thanks for the good info Paul.
like I did here, rather than putting their handle at the end. When you do the latter, the tweet goes out to all followers. FWIW!
Seems like Mother Nature really wants the #OccupySeattle folks to quit camping on Capitol Hill.
Look at you. Tweeting up a storm...
Off to the capital!
": absolutely grooving right about now"
Enjoying my husband's govt holiday off! =)
Why can't you feel what I feel :/
Guys, just want to make sure we're not overlooking the big story today... With gametime temps in the 80's, Jenny Dell has gone sleeveless.
My body is screaming TAKE YO ASS YOU SLEEP but my mind is wide awake
Hugs and happy early Mother's Day!!! I hope you get to spend the day your favorite way.
lol I'm a strange one 👽
I Love you do HACKING much <3
Thanks for the #FF!
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything. --Voltaire
Formulating plans to both author and illustrate a children's fable about intestinal blockage. "The Hat in the Cat". Where my #publisher at?
At sushi bar, chat up cute girls next to me, introduce myself, establish rapour but let em walk out the door w/o number
Time for another edition of Beer&&Code at the HQ. Tonight. 7pm to 10ish. Bring your projects, bring your beer, bring yourself.
Thanks for following me..
saw you got some shine on yahoo
Led Zeppelin2 tomorrow in Logan Square!
I'm gonna be so behind when I go back to school tomorrow omg
Epic. Props.
thank you for the muppet movie. Makes me feel like a kid again. My 4 year old said it makes him feel like an adult again.
classy, man, classy
The church choir is amazing :)
Many thanks for the kind words, Mr. Gore! ;) To be fair though, I'd be utterly lost without the redhead.
Dexter Fowler, ladies & gentlemen.
Follow back
let me know how it worked please :)
The true star of Hangover II-the drug dealing monkey lol
Where's my shot at love with Tila Tequila?!
Death is surely a good trip because nobody has ever returned. :)
sure! following ;)))
Just remember, "single" doesn't always mean lonely. The same way "relationships" doesn't always mean happy.
I don't like this.
ok- with all the crap I have to do today and tomorrow I am finally glad I can drive....
"GET YO' BOP ON"
Sitting in Vientiene, Laos having coffee at a French cafe.
I hope that when I sleep tonight with the window open the wind will blow my worries away.
Thanks everyone who came out to Nectar last night. It was a BLAST!
i have felt the same way since i moved here
could you do me a huge favor & invite me to pinterest? I tried to sign up over a month ago & haven't gotten anything yet! #loveu!
well, it's certainly heartening that you'd consider this an opportunity to grow your faith. what can we do in VO community 4u
hope we see you in, pronto!
short Gold @ $910
States have a role to play in defining which courses are required for which credentials. Current variation is too high.
Not even John Harkes now doing their broadcasts makes me dislike #DCU more. That's how much I already disliked DCUnited.
If you can't parallel park, don't drive into the city. Maryland, I'm looking at you.
How about them apples RT“: I wish I was as smart as will hunting”
I really don't know what to do.... I really don't think there's a good choice ...
RT : Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork. ~English Proverb
Gotd My Progress Report Today I Gotd 2 A's Nd 2 B's I Mite Be Badd Butd Im Smart Though
is catching up with Richard on Ryan Deiss' brilliant Continuity Blueprint.
Just realized I'm in the movie #TheBlindSide opening scene. Seahawks team photo #69 center screen!!!
RT : Only 47 minutes left! Be loud. Be Proud. #BeMilwaukee and vote to help us win this social media event!...
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. -Chinese Proverb
I'm not surprised that Twitter wants me to follow Romney (promoted!), but I am kinda shocked that follows him, apparently
I don't see why not. I got 31 mpg(;
For the love of Jesus, pull your damn pants up.
ditto, love. I truly believe that your mama and my sis brought us together to love and support one another <3
Wishing I was traveling through some far-off, exotic place :)
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
Sure I will and thx!
A star wants to see himself rise to the top. A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top. - Simon Sinek
RT : We've got grilled cheese and bacon with homemade tomato soup at Cleveland Park tonight to take the chill off...
. Let's face it, in 1 form or another, we're all going up in smoke. Jim Nabors included.
I just wanna be in my big comfy bed... Not driving 😲🔫
The tarp! No
out of context that might be the weirdest thing i've ever tweeted
Great, thanks for the earworm. Swiftly flows the day.
Half day for me. Forward all my calls to the nail shop, girl.
The MVP for the #Rangers ? The goal post
At the end of the day family is all we have so why turn on them? What goes around comes back around my ppl.
Hey Leigh thanks for following, that motorcycle looks fun
nigga shut up u retarded!
that's an amazing song!
In 1746, Jean-Antoine Nollet linked 200 monks with nearly a mile of wire to build a human circuit into which he discharged a battery.
and this Sunday in SF!!!
I'll run away with you if things don't go as planned. Planning big could be a gamble, I've already rolled the dice
Smugglers busted on the highway to pitt...
time to get a kindle? :-)
At the rate the Lakers are players they won't be able to touch OKC!
Got a new phone... Yay! :D
Love this! ": If we win the Jackpot in #MegaMillions - we'll be giving the truck/business to our twitter followers. :)"
watching the race Sunday?
u know it
Loving book 'Nonviolent Communication' Grt insights on how 2 connect, communicate-notes imprecision of language
I love the concept of Exergaming! What are you working on in that area?
#thatawkwardmoment when you go out to eat with your friends and you see your parents 😳
Ladies: If your bf tells you where he is/who he is with do you really think that he's trying to cheat on you? He had friends before you.
Thanks Scott! Friday, full-moon tomorrow, spring fever... Woo Hoo!!!!
"What we forget is, we're not normal." MEB
Watching all our warrior dash videos! Ridiculous! Hahaha
well we are brothers! nobody ever believes us
you suck
Masturbate Monday keeps the stress away.
miss you love!
Def want 2 learn more. Writing a cookbook & need help sifting through the legal side, trademarking, etc.
Any universities using wordpress (ala cuny commons, U Mary W.) as tool for engaging external constituencies? ?
One of my most favorite spots and so inspirational and motivational. Thanks for the picture post!
Playahs! I've got some NEWS and UPDATES for you!! This year, in order to play, you will need the usual LIME GREEN bandana as well as...
Whoa. Terry Francona, the ESPN baseball analyst. 'Twas only a matter of time.
.they don't..
About 41% of consumers are eating pizza once per week, compared to 26% two years ago, according to Technomic's Pizza Consumer Trend Report
you're a beast Kelly! In a you-can-fucking-drink-daily kinda way! Love reading all your shit! :)
at choral society. alone.
i caddied for a guy that was right-handed, yet chipped & putted left-handed. He also carried a gun w/ blanks to scare geese
id rather have anything other than indifference from the stadium crowd. its a new breed of fan i guess
Philly and Pittsburgh.
Santorum NOT ready for Prime Time!
pick one school and stick with it haha. If you like ND football u like ND basketball or same with IU
Presentation done with, now just the final and we are done with this class forever!!!
haha ya bro, my line was making me so mad! but we got this weekend bro! we gotta want it and i know i do!
I like cornhill but still getting over Indian Food.Was tasty but waitress didn't understand anything & tried charin $20 extra
You could finally check that off my list :) Easy sailing from here
ya know, girl. Errrrryday!(;
Thanks for the follow. BTW, I'll gladly change my office if you've got another grand in your pocket.
Isn't that the post from a couple months ago? Did I miss some new information?
Thank you for your message Ilaria!Soon everything will start.....
Is there a station nearby that I could use to bored your giggling train of nonsense?
Takes 14 innings.. But Sox take a huge one in NY. Season comes down to a 3 game series vs Baltimore
“: see you sooner than you think ;-)” << What's your schedule like? When will you be back in Florida?
be tryna hook me uo wit the ugliest girls lol
ah!<3 I'm crying so hard right now! Thank you<3
With #Trump endorsing #Romney, that should be about it. Obama may just as well quit. Looks like a bright future for the “very poor” as well.
I really love it -- it's trashy in a delicious way, and it's got so many fun plot twists and yada yada.
I love great late night Twitter banter. Keeps things fresh!
been following you for years you are a great business man and creator
No worries. You make excellent stuff. Had the Szechuan peanuts again last Monday. Happy happy hour snack.
Um. This kid named Ted Poe keeps on yelling "That's just the way it is" after he makes a basket in gym class. I'm getting a headache.
Congrats Bellevue Bulldogs, 2011 baseball champs!
casino, underrated. Pesci was more of a badass in it. Tough call though.
no mate I don't really have the body for it
like you put a bottle up there for safe keeping?
i dunno if i have told anyone this before, but, OMG I LOVE HYENAS!!
My pleasure and thanks for following back. :)
RT : thanks for coming to the offices today. So much good stuff to do together.
Oh boy. Keep us posted, and let us know if there's anything we can do, yes?
Excellent #iMarketers event tonight with and Thanks to and team.
at the end of the day true love tells all . its up to you if you want to hear and believe it .....
marry me?
Brrrrr Geoffrey is chilly this morning!
Ejection shouldn't matter. It's not like Kobe was gonna pass Metta World Peace the rock anyway.
It was awesome hanging with my sis but now it's time to sleep.
right on! Good advice!
How come when Steve past his son Hand didn't take over Apple?
Lacee is wet. And she is PISSED.
still awake, huh?
drinking coffee. kind of bad. i always forget.
#Decoded Waiting to see Tom Hanks in this episode....
Marvin Gaye &' Chardonnay :-)
I think I have date soon. (at least I think so)
Thanks for RT :)
no clue how much i'm getting yet from the grad school & english dept. so not sure if i can get more funding as an attendee
thanks for coming out!!!
As I expected, #FirstTake was great today.
thanx Emily! that was doing a guest gig...
Hey Guys would like to know when the games start and where ? Can't wait to get more info !!!!
I miss my old songs... <3
O wait will be my Valentine forever....
Use the #WIveGotTheStreets hashtag to say how you can reach out to WI voters one-on-one & take back our state from Walker & his goons.
Thanks Paula :)
Just now??“: my grandfather passed away”
you're in good company
Going to the store to get neosporin for the wounds that were afflicted during intramurals
sister's band competition today :D
Welcome to the weekend, what ever you are doing today make it a great one. We are hard at work researching new recipes :)
I would like to say that today I spend $140 on walnuts. Just. Walnuts. That is all.
prob the $1billion he saved us over the past 10 months?
Are you planning an event in the new year? Let us help you put together your next event! Check out www.execcatering.com
Crooklyn and Bad Boys is the all time best for real!
Fun Fact for Wed: the First Family has to pay for their own food consumed in the White House.
Tired of poor and costly production and lighting? JSL Production is a leader in tour and event production for CCM industry www.JSLPRO.com
Thanks , still owe you a message. :)
For those just joining us, nychunt.com is a cash hunt
ooh. That'd be a sad make-up job for sure. I don't even know how to do eye shadow. :)
Attended my first African Vegan buffet in BK tonight. The food was AMAZING. I'd be a vegan if Benoit cooked for me eeeerynight.
Doin some wedding shopping with my sister in-law...shes getting married in 12 weeks...just now is starting to plan..who else has done this??
By Jesse Gissen Former Bad Boy rapper G. Dep (born Trevell Coleman) was greeted by his family and friends when he arrive
picks you up and lays you on the bed and i lay next to you giving you lots of kisses and wipes your tears away x
Good morning fam! Been up for 3 hrs already. :) Best job in the world.
Haha! I didn't realize Alex followed me. I was like omg and he rt me.
I fully support this.
I'm not sure that this chicken is quite done. Eating it anyway. That's how hungry and tired I am. If I don't post again, I might be dead.
I believe that the infusion of youth and energy, i.e. Middlebrooks and Nava, has changed the attitude of the team for the better.
Completely agreed.
spare 3 min y'all are really black ppl yo don't cut it so close next time I try help y'all .. Smh
The world is not nice
Awww... thanks for watching!
Night-walk is my favorite walk.
CHANCE TO WIN -- tweet us your best thought or memory of your #Mother - we will chose one RANDOM tweet from list of all entries at 9pm EST
well you should get rid of that app xD
hey a-hole..I'm talking to you cc:
We are excited to be at your game tonight. Hope you can stop by our table.
M Super Yummy Breakfast. Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
ah. That's different from what I thought u were saying. Yes. Dearth of funding options for atypical students, learning styles
The Memphis Tigers join the Big East!! M-Town stand up!!
haha soo cute to see my brother playing in that band thing lol
“You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.” - Pema Chodron
Baby i'm like milk, i'll do your body good. ;)
City with the most Rolls Royce's per capita: Hong Kong. Ballin ass'
I love Marleana's family
my school talent show is on ur birthday!! xD #HappyAlmostBirthdayAlli!!!(:
Going to NY Wednesday!
nice pic....lol at the guy in the background :-)
I love me some sody pop!
I don't think Eddie winslow smoked that much pot
can I be in the movie?
Spin class music was off the chain, which made the workout Awesome!
I mean, I will never use all of the 16gb.
With a new direction comes change, Rage QB and OPOY Mikey Bernal will not be asked to come back by the Rage
Being Happy doesn't mean that Everything is Perfect. It means that you've decided to Look beyond the Imperfections.
Showstoppers and p-poppers, yall stop at the museum and check out the wonderful exhibit, "Pecan Candy." Curated by yours truly.
hahaha you taking it back on me wow i'mma see what i can do
Great mileage. Congrats.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet just so I can give him a big hug & kiss. You have to let me know when you go to Dolphin, lol. ☺
New album coming soon........ The General
My sis u tryin 2 make me tear. U know I'm a softy & is my fam 4 life. I luv u all 2 death. Fam #Support&Stick2gether
On the real I'm sad AF I'm missing my football game tomorrow... I know my girls gonna go up there and whip azz!!!!! #ATLANTAPHOENIX !!!
News flash! Sometimes my period is not awesome.
Congrats!!! Maybe a drink would be a bad idea! :)
I can and I will!
If you come and burn down my house with me in it, ill promo you.....
"I think the fact is recognized that Proctor & Gamble has standards higher than mere money making" -Wm. Cooper Proctor
#ICantGoADayWithout Going to the gym thank god it's open today.
#Packers #DonaldDriver #DWTS...Yeah he was terrific!
DING DING DING I think we have a winner... :D
Must be nice. Spring weather all last week (including tornadoes on Friday) and expecting snow tonight. KY weather is crazy
I am dealing with it myself...you're telling me that when you had 8 people coming at me...
'Swamp People' cast member dies of natural causes: A man who relies on insulin claims United Airlines and federal agents put his heal...
stealing my thunder and beating me to tweeting our quotes
I said good night
Thanks for the retweet love, once again, you are the best!!
Not only will we remember those we lost but we'll also remember the 102 minutes that changes our lives forever
Thursday is Girls Night Out! Call all of your favorite ladies and come in to enjoy $5 specialty martinis!
Right on !
Still upset at last night's loss but it's friday so I'm happy
glad you enjoyed your McNuggets!
mi yodea in jewish fest auditions. being heard is like fresh cool water to a thirsty soul.
Up and ready!!
love coco puffs, but I hate popo cuffs. : )
Thanks for the RT, Glad to discover you!
My hand hurts if I don't move all my fingers as one unit. Deaugh
grrrrl you should help me figure some stuff out!!
damn, this is going to be hard. hard like my dick. same taste on your lips. nigga said wax on wax off, wax on wax off, wax on....
yes with each post fashioned in a way to achieve a desired response, if the response is vague enough the desired response will be achieved
I might be able to do Sunday evening...
Tonight is gonna be DOPE!!!!
I wouldn't expect that much out of an 8 year old. There's too much misinformation online, Wikipeida is at least a known quantity.
Police activity; 3rd st tunnel closed northbound & southbound. Police activity at 3rd and D St NW. Please avoid, use alternate streets.
Happy Thursday! Seems like a good day to do some community service or get involved. Ah, the smell of #makingadifference is so refreshing
the unexpected always proceeds the predicted
You're our new defacto #GW2 guild leader! Grats!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther
Sara! You should have made noise. and I were there too.
Now watching the webs favorite film The Devil Inside.
Hey Twitterland, what's going on?
Officially Single
Luxe Essential SUMMER SALE is coming soon!
Sorry but your love of our cleavage just makes you a normal man. ;-) ( )
My addiction on twitter is about to start !
following on #soundcloud...I will follow that man anywhere he wanted me to go
People who think by the inch and talk by the yard deserve to be kicked by the foot.
Edwin Kneedler, Deputy Solicitor General, speaking this a.m. as keynote at #fllc12. Great to hear how highly he values the DOJ librarians.
i know what you talkin about. I think ima just have ruff sex or walk for like a hr after the bbyshower
smile!! your on camera :)... shooting the human rights leaders!
He makes me so mad, Love that Donald was so upset hahaha #packerspirit RT“: Len is such a bum!!!”
Seems that the squeaky wheel gets the oil.
No pictures?!
Had fun partying tonight
That last RT was an fyi for and maybe
is excited to learn when you google me in Puerto Vallarta mexico I come up the 3rd listing!!! Maybe I will be spending my winters here!!
lol! Cacti is his favorite though. I swear its a guaranteed #2 if I take him by that cactus every morning.
Moderation (in exercise) is sophistication. CG Philosophie.
Ya gotta Kamikazi on Em'!!! Ha
Beach al day ;)
A critic is a person who goes onto the battlefield after the battle has been fought and shoots the survivors
Happy Mothers day!
Thanks for the follow, Erin. We're big fans of your writing - keep up the good work!
": How do I sleep through my alarms as often as I do and still function as an adult?" Yolo ;) ps. Made jello shots. HELLO
ustream was really awsome i recored it for memories haha when will they next one be
Yay for accomplishing stuff! Ya wanna come over & help me sort out my new place from my move? haha! Fun filled days here now!
Yeah, after watching a whole EJ BBC special last night, you'd think I could at least remember to give him credit for his crap!
ACL live w/ Widespread Panic
interesting.... Apple going as green as granny smith
Great days ahead for #madisonville #Westwood #eastwalnuthills w
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross this Tues!
Had a great time decorating session with family. Buddy you have very nice staff. Thanks for a great time.
They need to stop talking shit that aint even true.
lol, you're slow.
Hey! I recognize some people in that video! lol
Believe me bro...I understand. His joints tend to do that. LOL...Maybe yall can link up...
Ugh, so disappointed. :(
Get #RelocateTheCoyotes trending! RT this tweet!
Reaction to Madonna halftime entrance: "HOLY CRAP! SHE'S SHE-RA!"
Nice! Good for him.
Yo Yo what's up doggy what's good big homie?
Super-psyched for my shoot tomorrow with the fantastic !
NO LIMIT - PAT FORD*
Glad to hear! We think it's a really useful tool!
Anytime! Happy Friday.
have to agree
So who wants to see what Andare has been working on? You will never guess what it is...
Just got boots for $8.48.
hahaha he would knock my ass out lmao
i'll text you later about it.
My mother always told me you can never know it all so never spend it all ! Thanks #MOM #TonyCav So I always save some for a sunny day
Eat cake!
I just looked at the #Leafs roster and they have 3 Americans. Also, JML is American? Since when?
paint a wooden chair?
I passed ya ass today and I waved this time 👋
Treat yourself to our lunch specials today: beef&mushroom soup, lemon-herb chicken w/mashed potatoes&salad, or chicken 'n biscuits w/fries!
