$1 Miller products 5pm - Close tonight at Bar Louie Water St. and Bar Louie Bayshore
Props to our media pitching pro, Another successful week for her!!
": Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well. - Unknown...."
Best scene: my great grandfather's pet monkey doing tricks and playing with my grandmother's hair.
...just when I'd gotten #zoubisoubisou out of my head.
to provide a collaborative info-work space for #library #archives #museum #preservation pros and build community
Interesting how one could go thru a creative drought for a time & then other times ideas just flow. When it rains it pours, & Im drenched.
Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment. Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames
ha good :P lol but how is it in Texas ?
I wish my mom didn't live 1000 miles away...
There is no such thing as a secret.
Glad that you r having a goodtime. Good 2 see U happy.
This is a judgment-free zone.
Packers Vikes in 1 hour, can't wait for Farve to torch the Packers
thanks for entering! For a valid entry, you need to start the tweet with "I want to win" not a :)
2012 will bring a different series…..
SEC changes its вЂњneither admit nor denyвЂќ policy for settlements
When it comes to lying to NFL Commish RGoodell, were some players not paying attention about what happened to MVick when he did same to RG?
Heading the inauguration ceremony for Chris Taylor! Woot!
I hope everyone had a fantastic day! See you tomorrow :)
Thanks Shelley! Great to see you yesterday and catch up on your retailing adventures. Love the mobile POS tech. Super cool!
still so much to do - is it May yet?
good stuff. love your interviews with Mac. I look forward to hearing about it on the Mikey Baseball Heller Show later.
ignorant ignorant ignorant.
Couldn't agree with you more! :)
That's not the way the NBA works. Your starting PG runs the show. He shouldn't play terrible with certain offensive players
is that English?
I think all of the LockerSmash community just fell in love at the same time
I think it's best I don't answer that - to protect the monkeys.
So many caps and gowns on the subway this morning! Looks like graduation is upon us. Congratulations, class of 2012!!
One of my worst fears are coming true: I may have to stop drinking coffee. It now makes me very sleepy. Le sigh.
RT In an ideal world no one would talk before 10 am. people would just hug, because waking up is really hard.
took a shower and for some reason i smell like chinese food. i haven't eaten chinese food in days. 2012 is off to a good start.
: runs social media and web design Creative Services. Good friend. Y'all should know each other.
RIP Whitney Houston you will be missed
47 hours till Mad Anthony at Taste of Cincinnati
if you love something, you've got to let it go. But if it come back, then it mean so much more. But if it never does. At least u should know
WEST COAST!!!! YALL BETTER TUNE IN/DVR 20/20!!! I'm just saying!! Thank me later! Fo real! Food for thought!!!! hint hint...al _ _ _!
you got a shoutout from about blogs turning into businesses at the #rtmedia summit
Quiet I'm a professional
Nice!!! I need to hurry down and get mine done!
Heartburn this bad sucks ass!!! Just another thing to add to a day I never wanted to have, I hate fucked up days like this!!
Thank God for having a twitter account, now i can keep up with this weekend's series back home. Go Noles! Get rowdy Animals!!!
If you're not watching Tenn/NC on espn. you should be. unbelievable good game.
i"m like the tazmanian devil cartoon guy, ill rip you a new ass hole..... just kiddin. :D
Tweet about me and let em know bentley a fly nigga that dont give a fuck
The Mayan calendar has been recently revealed to go far beyond 2012. I guess that means I need to choose a career and stuff. Blech.
#drunkestievergot was when I passed out n woke up n there was a #hoodrat in my bed
same up watchin roll bounce.. Lol
I think guys who do weed are weak.. They say they do it to relieve pain and stress? Seriously..
who do u like
I just want to go home and sleep.
Exactly why I fucking despise light skin men
There's so many thing I'd tweet, but it'd probably creep out my followers just cause...
Was wondering about that.. RT : Can capture Blue Screen of Death with Snagit? Gotta see how that works. LOL.
Fuck la weather
Got the house to myself!
We take pride in our bad service and drug paraphernalia left in rooms. You must let our bedbugs suck your sweet blood too1
but with spf 8 I get to reapply more often,, but again,,to protect,,not cop-a-feel
Gotta love the Moose jersey I bought over the winter is too big now.
ok how bout mp3s??
good one!
Damn want to go to this RT : If you've been thinking about visiting Boulder, do it in May for + :-)
Posted the WHOLE STORY of the concert last night in Google+! And my one and only video is uploading to here, but it may take awhile X)
Thanks for being a great resource for awesome info
Congrats......looking forward to my first bottle....
free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx
Working on lots of exciting new biz proposals this week!
Listening to my fav. Plies song screwed....GOONS LURKIN
I don't think you should...Social Media Spring Cleaning is a must.
Carpentry Rule #1: Measure twice, cut once. The station was there first. Truck should have been speced to fit, no?
Live from the #AmericaEast women's lacrosse championship - Albany up 1-0 on Stony Brook in the first half.
Eh, the real girl scouts use palm oil in their cookies. And my troop leader once called me 'leadfoot'
So I was wondering, what is your dream college? I am planning to go to College but have no idea where to. Tell me which ones are your fav.
I'm talking weeks and months old. They show up ahead of more current tweets from accounts already on the list.
Every moment is another chance to pray... for yourself, for others, for the life the Lord wants you to live.
Industrial operating manuals? We write them!
A rare sight in a British chap! :)
Working to refinish a dresser for our baby daughter on the way next month. I guess the nesting instict has kicked in.
Lol why RT : , I don't want to ride this bus. -__-
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life - these are everything!
lol im talking about the gay conversation your having with big ray. Dont mention me in that gay shit
yea right now
That sounds like a lot of work.
Going to the ? Say hi to from & ask him about NEH grant opportunities.
shopping for furniture is so much more difficult than shopping for shoes, which is what I'd rather be doing!!!
: Yea! Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
You got a friend in me! *sings toy story song*
lol good morning(: at least it's friday.
On the coo I think b tryna flirt wit me lol
Come up with a sweet t-shirt design & you never know if it could make you some money. Tends to do that for a lot of folks, like our clients.
It is precisely perfect degrees outside in #nyc right now.
when the product is free, turns out you are the product...
Thanks as always to for the RT, also to , appreciate the mentions!
bawling my eyes out we just got ticketss for july 5th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my many many months of begging finally paid off!<3<3<3
anytime... would be great to see you again. We're up to lunch, dinner, drinks...let us know when you have some time.
cant wait to see your perfomance this sunday!! I bet it's gonna be epic. Like everything you do. ;]
Associated Press reporting Michele Bachmann's campaign manager could drop out of race after tonight.
cant cops outside idc though I'm calm everyone rose is tripping balls.
I must be wearing a cape today....cause I made it from Bushwick to Rockefeller Center in less than 40 minutes...
me too. Real good.
Chips at 27000 from 30000, gonna be a long tourney, not an easy table
sorry we'll miss you!
RT : Governors! After , of course! RT What else does Jersey lead in? Top 5 will get RT from me.
aren't you supposed to be sleeping?
How about those Chiefs??? Next up is a Niners win...
ML!! Heard things are good w/ you. Hope it's all true and you're doing well. Miss u over here!
Yaaay G-men! NYC will be party central for the next few days : ).
Take advantage of tonight's special: manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for just $7+tax!
NEVER give up!
Thank you, Howie! A fantastic job by Mark Rosenberg () and Kristen Deahl ()!
#imagine Zayn: can you feel the love tonight ? you: maybe. Zayn: maybe ? *rolls ontop of you* let's make you feel it *licks your lip*
in da midst of ur battles feel all hope is gone & ur heart is cryin in da middle of a smile its just ur frail mind playin tricks on u.
The new quarter starts this week and I'm a bit overwhelmed.
i forgot today was friday omfg i'm so happy
I'm not a crafter or baker or any of that stuff. I'm pretty tomboy, but I still respect people who do things differently.
Getting through this work week then heading home for a relaxing weekend with the entire family
All international job postings - FREE. USA job ads only $25.00. No registration required for candidates, only view and apply!
you clever son of a Susie! or shall I say, the most interesting man in the world?
LPA's 2nd floor reading room serves as the background in an episode of Law and Order Special Victims Unit, airing May 10th at 10pm on...
hell ya!!!
:) Congrats on ur #HCG #weightloss so far! RT Well due to #HCG it's its drastic results, I'VE LOST 12.5 pounds! So thankful!
I would have thought my server loss was an April Fools Joke but if it was, it started awfully early...
make that this week and I will agree!
iBooks is just as good (prob better). Can't beat having all your books in one place.
you should come here.,shit is getting awkward lol
good point
i loved your article on #thenetworker blog about having thick skin!
I dunno why I just don't like anybody 2day...
I think we could totally quote that whole movie, no?
Excuse me... But why am I here?
Way 2 go.. watching CSI.:-)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :)
“ TONIGHT'S MEDITATION: A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a workstation.”
Lmao! Ok you win
Thank God for a safe day of riding
Yesterday it snowed on my way home, Stevies Stumper is half hour away, win $20 gift card from Cherry Ave Grill on Generations 1023 978-1023
yes go! That's where we are going!
Gonna see you gents in or around the game tonight?
the Melo grapes cant be that sour for a fugazy DEN fan can they? Did Melo not make the playoffs every single year in DEN?
I voted to send my friend Xavier Silas to the 2012 NBA D-League All-Star Game. on.nba.com/zYiJHr Vote for Xavier Silas
Tomorrow at the New Deal Cafe, with the whole crew and Mary Alouette.
#ICONicBoyz We Want To See Youz
We'll be bringing valentines to our amazing #wiunion legislators tonight for their special session at 12:01!
#fridayreads Evenson's The Open Curtain, Delany's Times Sq Red Times Sq Blue, and Elizabeth David's French Provincial Cooking!
Agree. Blackmon for Bradford + RT : If I'm a Rams fan, I'm ecstatic over this trade.
This is great! I'm tired of looking for something and seeing the same 20 apps no matter what I search for.
We're heading to Ivy Tech Morgan St... Along with all your favorites , Pecan Pie will be the headliner! 11:30-1
ha thanks snookummsss !:)
....and chicken
Looking for a move up on $SNSS, I have feature article on that one coming out soon
Oh and by the way Margie fruit cake, tell your family to stay off of Play it City, or you'll find yourselves in court! sicko
If single people could get their minds around Godly Sex we wouldnt need conversations about one night stands or abortion.
LIfe after caregiving for seven years. Good god what a roller coaster. Hope this makes me a better person AND a better actor.
yeah it looks good have a good nite big/little brother Almightee : )
Only two more times I ever have to be in this class.
u a mess lol
#astd2012 Seems appropriate to tweet during a session about Social Media
Q4 You can learn a lot from another non-profit - especially how to run a good volunteer program.
I'll be listening.
um idk I might ma said she will drop me off if I decide to go
happened earlier when the Tigers scored on a SF. I thought runner was on 2nd, but he was on 3rd.
me too
Same here, in 3/3 leagues.
Envy on the coast all night long
fullmetal was great now time for DURARARA!! on
RT : It's official! We have a new text line! Text "ToTC" [your question here] to 66746. We'll get back to you within 24 hours!
Guys its so amaizing
There's a wifi signal in the Rainy auditorium at the Met
And I, I'll die here These doors are closing and I'm screaming, she won't here me She can't help me
I need 3 strikes for my team to win this game. Can I do it?
it was a better tweet the first time lol
dev of CC here - Edmodo is a social version of blackboard, ClassConnect is a tool that makes building lessons easy :)
Thank you Ron!
its time to get up in the morninnnnnnnnnggggg.
Okay, that was just bad. Playing "Take me out to the ballgame" while killing zombies with a bat. #CHEESE! (and not in a good way).
I am who I am and I take pride in what I do and offer Sham on those who have no personality and think they can make it by copying.
Hey ! Looking forward to talking about food in #IdeasChat today! See you in 30 minutes.
Call Of Duty
I wonder why ppl come up with so many excuses?
Now would be a good time to low ball crazy zack greinke. Yikes!
New Nature Research Center in Raleigh is awesome. Also awesomely crowded. Will come back in a few weeks!
Andrew Cyrille sounded amazing in Bill McHenry's band at the Village Vanguard last night!
oh... i'm sorry babe :/ how'd you go crazy?
hey shannon your veru pretty(my friend doesn't think you are because I think you have a better chance with roc than her)random
do you push contacts to ?
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I love you
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets :)
What color?
Now at 2012 followers the same number as the year of the SquE-Z!
Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now? Love yourself. Get some pizza! Bay View 238-2406 North Ave 270-1880
: so cool to meet you tonight but now I can't find a seat at all... Nashville packed the house for
"hello?" haha i love you too!
I did 10 brackets this year. 6 are already blown up. I am awesome. Sigh.
Why is my bestfriend/sister from another Mr. so freakin cute!?
Random statement by Count Fagula: "On ward HOooooo"
Most definitely! Good for you! “: Standing next to Brad and Angelina while they were being ushered in. Once in a lifetime.”
how come you werent on the show yesterday?
checking you out right now dude !
i wanna watch 30 minutes or less right now!!
Liar so it was true!
I always wanted to start a book club.
Cooking up a meal for my love! <3
RT : Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
see what a little mention can do? thx for the follow looking forward to #sdcc with you!
Happy Friday! 😊
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who! Can't wait to hear the details- Shine on!
7 hours on a saturday = no bueno!
Snacking on Kellogg's Krave cereal this morning. Feels like I'm eating (healthier) koala yummies for breakfast. I strongly recommend this.
C-SPAN recently launched a series airing Friday nights that profiles 14 presidential contenders that lost, but still had a great deal of
I don't think I had a choice! At least she's not nagging me to call her in all caps on my page like she is w my sis :)
follow back please? (p.s i love you profile pic :D)
You see Joey Barton's red card? Straight idiot
I'd hashtag that with #humblebrag but I'm really bad at humility.
gluten free is the way to be 
Not following ? Why not? He's a good dude! Let's get him to 40,000 followers! CEO of Shop today!!!
Oh it's on Youtube. LOL.
Yes, phone, you should save the word "Qdoba." I will be using it a lot.
dress snuggled up if you are heading to the #LAMarathon Expo today! Lots of great vendors, displays, booths, & goodies! Come down!
went up to Rollinsville and Fourth of July trail head today...lots of good pics, may inspire my quilt pattern for David Taylor class
😊RT : #WhyIsSBKLive missing? I'm missing you
Thanks for the tweet man!
Colts: How do you pass up on the QB who has the most NCAA yards & TD's and the QB with most NCAA Wins for a Northern Illinois QB? DUMB!
“: Warped tour is creepin up! Less than a month! Who's excited?” JUNE 25TH!!!!! xD
Good luck to all the bands playing tonight, be sure to vote for our friends in chordata.
I wouldn't mind bending her over a barrel and showing her the fifty states. Hahaha
its mushy
sure i do! .... Stuck in colder weather.....
Apparently your knowledge of 80s pop music is also pretty thin.
let's make these movie dates happen!
omg I haven't heard from you in forever -.- <|3
go to - they have the best liege waffles I've had in US!
Yes! Relearn everything your 9th grade English teacher taught you.
#erl12 the BoM is extensible for ebooks, articles, chapters, etc
Did you know that as a CCIM member you receive 15% off of our reports? Try it! www.ccimredex.com
being the only brat is nice :D
I'm just a little hoarse.
"Flaming Young" cc:
Reif: " [dems] would rather bog down the Senate by abusing a rule that was intended to encourage bipartisan cooperation."
Pricing for tonight's program: RSVP in advance-free for Ad2/AdClub members, $5 for Non-members. ($5 more for each if u register at the door)
This week, we'll ruminate on the joy of creation. "Creativity makes a leap, then looks to see where it is." (Mason Cooley)
I saw it Saturday and am encouraging everyone I know to see it too. I LOVED IT!!!!!!!
Congrats Supreme Burrito Champ 2012!
Just got our blank snapbacks in , about to work on this order for !
Finally arrived in new jerseeeeyyy
RT : My 14 year old daughter is running in the for Please help her reach her goal.
I hope Doc announces the eastern conf. finals. I didn't like the guys that did the #PhiNJD series
Been a great bday just relaxing now ! I ate so much today lol !!
LMNS: FASHION MEETS NATURAL HAIR: Chick is killin it in the tux. SO FAB.
Sad day at school. :(
When you're driving and Nicki Minaj is on all 3 radio stations at the exact same time, there's nothing left to do except crash your car.
Great to meet you at #ahaa2012 opening reception. Enjoy Miami!
I want Jeffrey Dahmer plugs.
i recorded it on my phone.
i hope it kills. looking forward to hearing it all.
thanks for the RT
Live-tweeting drinks with , &
#travelhint Don't eat 'wind field salad' day b4 air travel if u r not used to its fiberous nature, nough said bout that. LOL
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
finally back. 31 hours.
I'm glad is a worse driver than me 😝
"Give me one reason to stay here, and ill turn right back around"
I am!! If I don't ramble on a tangent in weird vocal tones then I am obviously being forced to call by kidnappers
Watching this live field day streaming thing... Not sure I understand anything the seniors are saying.
Q: When is your birthday? March 18th
Haha I'll definitely let you know!
's what did fig shoot?
hahahaha no I'm good ill just give Shelby more ketchup (;
What happened? Are they not racin' in Bristol today!!!!!!!
Thanks Kyra! With a belief in the great and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, art is always possible.
Home Alone... wait...
enjoy the ride
Also, my Internet activity is far more like a millenial's than Gen X.
Hungry 4 More Mondays! Get it in!!!
What?! and on the same show? They'll be talking about failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
What does your gut say re: Shaq and Armstead?
We are still having problems with Google +1 working with the plugin for Wordpress. Anyone else?
Diaries of a Traveling Landman....walking out of the courthouse to 5 tv cameras!! Hello! Smile!
Hey, how are you. Hope you've had a good day :) Oh, Robin Diaz asked me to say Hi :P<3<3<3<3<3
Wonderful VMA fashion show and after party last night. Thanks David Harrison Levi for your dedication in hosting a breast cancer event.
wins 1st place @ #txapme no surprise. Congrats!
i miss DC like crazy. have fun
Pubmed for example. They send info correctly with their xml, but not with other formats.
love you! Did you have a crazy week!!?!?!?
my phone acts like its okay not to vibrate
Wow...apparently..it...really is possible...to get a bruise from running :p oww..today..was awkward :/ im sorry...
Let's go reds!!
Ive sky+d the VMAs , but not that bothered - Americans - meh !
heard this girl say I am married to a fat lazy f_ck and he never wants me. I can help you bring back the romance Get #PureRomance through me
My friend asked me today, who's my favorite female #model ? And I said duh! Thought you knew(:
RT : #WOMMA Webinar: PRSA recommends "Clear and Conspicuous" standard; companies to be transparent in ALL communications
I haven't shaved my vagina in a while
#stateofgeorgia is our home
yep, I did email them, just because I really like their stuff, but I think in most cases, I would get turned off and not come back
wat ya on jo
This I'm going to do in my west test - TRI - ? -wow Be #prepared kids ._. :)
what storm?
I feel like you're favoriting mahomies :'(
I wubb you guys.!
How disappointing. :(
I hope you told him fftl
See you guys soon...
long day! next week will be very busy. We've got fireworks, Spam, singers and more!
Jeff B. from Hernando, MS must be so ashamed of his shitty skunk joke on my Laffy Taffy wrapper.
Correct answer is unavailable -- financial services firms and banks (and the pols who carry their H2O) first and foremost.
so awesome! Enjoy yourself and have a wonderful time.
Thanks for the update. For some strange reason I thought it was a road trip
shmeeeaaa! Where are you?!
Saturday night is all right!
lmao I seen helllly when I came up to yr job!
That fucking mother fucking moment when you tell your driver which way is fastest, and he disagrees, making you late!!!
ah whatever man say what u wanna say I aint gonna abuse u no more
God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth the wait.
so.... some schools are delayed or canceled because of the rain? Did I miss something?
jealous! Wish I was home, next time count me in :)
We're playing tonight at 11 with Teen Police. They're really excited they get to play with us.
I hope everyone had a happy Earth Day
how were the browns when jim was giving advise oh and how were his wifes bruises booms your the worst
Where do u live? Alicia told me near asen!
Im in my therapy group now (AKA the Digital Dissertation Session) #THATCampVa Good times.
fuck with me now n they wont tease you about being late when im on
live it up. i know im finna bout to.
Replay to watch the crew and do work
The only way I could possibly care LESS about the Super Bowl is by undergoing a give-a-shit-ectomy and have my caring surgically removed.
trying to find the game on CSN in San Jose. But I only get A's and W's where else can it be?
what's going on tonight?
Coming up.... interviews with Frank Marino and Chris Squire!
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. (Maya Angelou)
What travel teams do they play for?
Awww, all good things come to an end.
That's exactly how I feel, exhausted. I'm trying hard to pick my battles these days, it's rough.
did you ever get that multi-pin figured out?
GO GIANTS!!!!! crushing bones into soup long before patriotism won anybody anything as silly as life
Lmfao I'm cooler than her
finally! *jumps for joy*
Why do we teach American history without world history and world history without American history? Tom Bender explains in our new podcas ...
He wanted her to buy him some shoes.
oh.. first time I've been at #5MinuteFiction in WEEKS! Felt god. Good luck everyone!!
You are welcome! Have a great weekend.
I blink and 2 hours have passed... What am I doing with my life?
Thanks for the constant updates! Congrats family!
If your not following & no point of having a twitter <3 Biggest Fan
Happy Friday! Should've woke up in #NYC but my body failed me #sickness...here's to recovering and working all weekend!
#OutoftheLoop There are certain 'fertilizers' that we all have that keep prejudices alive. It makes us feel better.
i know you will haave a master piece on that canvas soon!!!
My husband doesn't even skim. Everybody is different - shouldn't generalize like that.
Lorena is here with the babies they are soo cute and big :)
exactly! If you can't say something to him by now, you need help lol
RT : If we allow capital punishment as a nation we all have blood on our hands.
Love, love, love - all the wretched cant of it, masking egotism, lust, masochism, fantasy under a mythology of sentimental postures.
heading to the gym.
: It's getting warmer during the day, don't leave your canine companion out in the heat! Bring them into camp to play in our Doggie Pools!
I'm teaching acting class tonite @ GJC Talent then off to Chicago early AM to film "Motel Hell"...
Hey there, (CCEAdvising), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
o which session were you at? Would love to hear about the altlookup solution
You shouldn't. The rejection email has nothing to do with BEA Bloggers. It has to do with BEA Press Pass Applications.
thanks brother!
enjoy it while it lasts, m'dear!
The hg movie comes out this year
I love how the car just died at a stop sign... Cute
I have plenty of good moods, just not when you're around.
I know one thing for sure, God knows best and has a plan and purpose for it all!
ADMONISHER - INNER CRY
remind me 2marrow
Stop by Wine Styles 7 Bridges... They r now serving Cassagnoles Cotes de Gascogne. Perfect summer #wine!
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!! 
hey sexy, you doing good, saw you're pix on Ur profile, hot bro, Fucking hot
I am repeatedly baffled about the world when I listen to Eminem's lyrics in Nicki Minaj's "Roman's Revenge." How did we get here?
urban outfitters
Sunday dinner.... and "24" S02E18.... I really don't trust that new nosey chick at CTU. And I thought "Tony" was nosey...
Hey wat new
Dont follow the crowd follow your passion and you will earn both pride and profit a winning combination - Paul Godines
We love Kansas City! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Kansas City!
Always preferable to a not-hot mess.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Drink water from the sink in oswego, IL. ugh
my hero
Probably though the crowd downtown....we dont have to shoot it all in 1 weekend...I just want some footage from the crowd...
; thanks again. (:
RT harness this great force of nature that rides wild horses w/in you & experience a higher level of achievement than ever b4.
you up for a roadtrip to see the Xfactor auditions in June? lol
Hit me up man. Weez dropn voats... Studio or crashed???
Cristina, Hunt, Mark and Lexi need to get their shit together.
Love is about sacrifices ik some time it can be hard in a relationship that got its up & down but if ur love isstrongenoughitwillgetuthrough
oh i didnt want to leave until you fave me a forsure on me drumming for you
get in touch with :)
it was cool texting you while it lasted
The new King_Tex mix tape is fire from track 1 to 13!
Oh I already know what I'm writing. :) Just a question of how many words...
hey Deign! No Problem =) hope you have a great day!
Want more young professionals to understand voting issues?make the platforms interactive so they can customize, stream, and curate content.
Josh Johnson? No problem. Anthony Bass? 2-hit shutout.
The courtroom feels like an icebox!
#IThankGod for everything. Without Him I am nothing.
wow! Groupon + all those free margaritas!
To share the good in life. Everyone is a friend on some level. How do we make new connections unless we connect?
It's already the state fair! Where does the time go?
hahaha, well good
thanks for the RT/mention!
Seriously!! Fitting into clothes that were too tight. Is really rockin' my morning!!
BOYS:If you call a girl fat, shes gonna spend the rest of her life starving herself #Words Hurt
Thank you! The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often off-base.
Thanks. I needed that today.
Exchange student is here and not talking
Great day of watchin Jacob ride today. Thanks as always for Patrick and the crew keepin the track nice and safe for everyone.
The closer you are to a Major League city the more ridiculous it is. I can't stand most guys who get autographs.
great idea!
can someone verify it is not April Fools Day?
"Every Christian should be both conservative & radical; conservative in preserving the faith & radical in applying it" John Stott, 1921-2011
Hey there, mall rat! Who said you could out me?
Fuckn wit this ace hood all day
Its hot as hell out side...it feel so good
HAPPENING NOW: The New Way to Manage Content Across Platforms: Monitor Audience Behavior in the Wlider room (4th floor)
what up rylie hey remember about your CURLING IRON !
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
Sweet! So I could bring them to Petit Branch or Hinds Hall?
Anyone downloaded Jan NPI file from ? Extracted data file is 6 PB which has to be an error but too big too extract.
my job is a pain. "/
This week has been an amazing week and it's only about to get better with 4 shows this weekend.
As a former student I strongly suggest you go. He is afterall a Martial Arts Grandmaster.
Today is a "I-need-a-cup-of-coffee-every-class" kind of day.
I'd rather be at school than this life gaurd training.
you gonna be able to make it on time?
Any auditions coming in soon?! We can't wait!!:)
good morning
why? What happened?
“Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.” - Robert Fripp ...Cheers to that!
Do the right thing.
Why does it smell like nail polish remover everywhere I go
Cant Wait To See The Wedding..........
Haha. You said "Thanks for following...". So we said "Thanks for being awesome."
AND YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ - RIDE WITH ME
Have you looked at Cerner at all? They are hiring like crazy and prob have some intl travel positions open.
TGIF!!! I still need to finish christmas shopping :( But that's why gift cards were invented!
lmao ha that's
I'd be more pissed if I though Ish would have done something to a 3-1 meatball
A 3 mi run and some yin yoga today in preparation for #Cbusmarathon (the half!)
high intensity while exercising will drive up cortisol. carbs bring the cortisol back down
Insurers Shift Cost Burdens to Homeowners (Home Insurance)
Salute the homie !!!
No! Is that on Netflix?
Hope I can sleep, I'm so pumped about church tomorrow!
definately got an account just for you and have no idea how to use it. haha can't wait to see you in VA in november!(:
Note to self: Catch your breath and enjoy the day. Rest is part of work.
I didn't even get ferreal any pictures. Lolo everybody else it al of them. Haha
lol yup, or like voodoo dolls. ill see ya this summmerrrrrr :)
I'm back
I am.
cancelled my order w/ bought a comparable fridge from for almost $100 less AND got free delivery on WEEKEND
Happy Fourth to you Ms. Oneal...hope you had a nice weekend : )
My baby girl made it to the next level in gymnastics! Emma, mommy is proud of you and your hard work these past few months.
Just reserved tickets for #sevenmilemiracle Sunday at 9am!
Dan Warn CPO, BCBS of RI intros "performance / potential" 9-box to 150 Procurement heads at #CPO2011 - re: importance of TM on Procurement!
Super bowl has jumped the shark. Asking the question if Tom Brady is overrated. Really
"Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love." ~Mildred B. Vermont
Harry! :D
How are you? Wish me luck fighting Saturday
Style Scene: mystyle Checks Into the Hello Kitty Suite! They say nothing is certain in life but death and taxes. We 'd like to add one mo
and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 32
Tomorrow I'm going to wear a magic cape to my office.
love that your middle name is "Starr"
Sometimes they deseve it.:)
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
Alright alright, the bar that I'm sitting near is blasting top 40 hits from 10 years ago.. A few years better than 90's..
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankee’s tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
Fuck coughing all the time.
btw, who ever knew jheri curl was spelled that way?
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for following us ! We're excited share photos, stories and updates from our kids!
I'm sure you told it, "I'd love to move if I could"! :)
All sales get taxed. Just how it is.
ha ha thank you but no way. I'm going to go look online :)
#Pittsburgh #Yoga Flow Yoga (Level 1/2) tonight, 7:15pm at Yoga on the Square! www.yogaonthesquare.net
Bros in line talking about which protein shake diet is best / If I were your workout spotter / I would drop the weights on you.
I fear that the #celtics are going to make it necessary for me to pay attention to the
happy friday everyone!
- Is the U.S. feeling the effects of a la Niña? I'm trying to understand the pattern of this unusual warmth in STL this year.
Why don't we make excuses for poor kids in athletics? Only in academics.
thanks for the RT!
It's a big Chicken or the Egg thing. Would Mark have bought Crew if Miler Park didnt exist? Probably not. New arena is start
Hi guys
My first PR boss just found me on Twitter! Nice to hear from you Roxanne!
all the way. Bought VIP just to meet him. =)
Colorado - Happy Friday!
come get a pair of Guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes now 20% off every pair is unique
how much is too much #cardio? IF you workout like a beast and your weight stays the same but your stamina and strength get better....?
thanks for the wwe codes
we will skype in an hour lol
The wife? YUP THE WIFE, they just hoes & she the WIFE
please follow and let her know that i sent yuuuuuuu thanks girl
lol okay... But that wouldn't be completely terrible. Except for the fact that everyone could see! Lol! Kay goodnight!
The Situation should have learned kung fu...then maybe he wouldn't feel the need to headbutt a wall.
Kicken it old school
You get a +10 - Great to see you again
Previews starting, crowd cheering.
I always thought Chris Birdman was lil suspect he looked like a old drunk anyway.
thank you thank you thank you thank you
The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now.
re: Once. Funny that's how we used to threaten people with physical violence in Johannesburg too.
I love being at my parents house!!
Yikes!!! I'm exhausted!!! Have a goodnight;)
Totally ment to call my dad yesterday and today! Awh crap. Ill do it tomorrow.
I need some new tracks
so the question is, how much discount from that baseline should this person eat for the privilege of working for the public.
nah went old school on em this morning
No Strings Attached
Mr.Know it all, so you think you know me better than me! well i got news for you! you dont. u should know i lead not follow
yea I literally caught the end of the game Phila has talent they just have to close
Welcome back to Twitter (and thanks for following)
The Event Coordinator is the 6th most stressful job of 2012 after airline pilot, firefighter and policeman.
The only good thing about the University Mall is the Japanese smoothie place.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
This Church scene is intense. What a nightmare
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller
You know it!! I miss you “: Damn, D....can I get on that tab next time I'm there?”
I cant make ou love me if you dont..
in the studio late tonight.if ya got da cell hit meh up..nd oh im blowing down a kush blunt for all my nigga dat aint here to burn wit meh.
Be careful in this rain San Diego!
First day of school! Our students are back & ready to learn. Great to see them & our volunteer tutors. Let the learning begin!
man i just came from a festival bored af tho ..
Tina Fey on the podcast!?! Ah!
Life is full of fake people, before you decide to judge them, make sure you are not one of them.
Clearly I haven't done as much real research as I thought I had: Just battled with microfilm for over 2 hours for 3 measly articles..ugh.
#InMiddleSchool iPods weren't a problem when you found them since it wasn't able to be tracked
I'm at the Caribou Coffee on Hennepin in Uptown if anyone wants to join me for some coffee.
RT As much as 20 percent of your heating and AC costs can be lost through the ductwork. Are your ducts properly...
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have miles to go...
Let me know why Justin Bieber is there holding mayweather stuff STUPID!!!
Younger Boomers Short on Travel Time and Money
U already know just give me the word!!
looking to set up a weekend tour in august
the Trojan condemn costume gets a big *side eye
No obligation, just interested :)
RT : It's not just higher ed... Industry may have more $$ to throw at SM than higher ed, but it's still in infancy everywhere
did you eat alot
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
good people will always be in demand, reputation is everything and I treasure mine above all else!
the one that was on good morning america yesterday
bring your bball shoes for after!
NGL Dreads If They Lookin Right It Could Be A #TurnOn Butt its Depends ^.^
why is your AVI so cute ?? are you tryna kill me or what ??? lmfaoo I LOVE YOU that's what i wanted to say!! <3 we tilting 2geda
yeah, I'm with you. Good, what time is good for you?
Excellent. I will even let you pick where you would like to go
Trying to add the Germans on Facebook
It's a wonderful day in District 8! Out talking with voters hearing their concerns for our neighborhoods.
lol I know you always cried with my ass and oh yea he's coming home next year if he stay good and you would get to meet him!
Thanks so much Lisa!
A must see, but as always, not for everyone:)
hi Jenn. Doing good thnx.u? I'm starting a big new job 2day. Hope u are well!!! Love & hugs to u.
My coach loves me.....and that will never happen you meanie butt. But I guess I love you too
Then this little person tried to talk to me one time, so.
Congrats to and who had their baby, Danielle Grace, late last night!
An hour would be a lifetime.
The kid in me loves gigs where I get to use a FBI style radio with an earpiece.
Venice I arrive in 5 days so please have the coffee, pastries, & art all ready or I WILL demand a refund on my toilet pass from the commune
Hey please play new single "Old School"
Real-time google analytics = awesomeness. Bye bye
I wish could be on your concert :(
is that ur hello kitty tatt?
First time buyers had 600 Credit Score. Loan Approved.
killa cam in the library oh my god omg
thank u 4 following me ;)
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show just turn it up, turn it up let me know whats up.
RT : Careful what you say, folks! This is frightening. "British pair arrested in U.S. on terror charges over Twitter...
#sevendeadlysins get sinful
Very nice fridge picture
Perfect thing for my sick day. Thanks!
You like MMOs which ones do you play. I used to play Ultima Online, I was a tamer.
thanks boo...
GOING TO SEE STARKID OH
serious traffic on Wisconsin Ave north of M st due to construction
where the bud at Skinny!
could u play something by black veil brides ??? U won't be disappointed :) pretty please ? 
Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other
What a beautiful day!!
Alright I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening
I often feel the battle for balanced productivity is akin to doing suicide sprints across a gym all day.
what do you think of the new #google search page?
Good lesson for the day. I'm off to stock up on aprons
"Everywhere, it seems, in almost every discipline, old certainties are being fundamentally challenged" REIMPOSE THEM, NIALL!
Had a dream about lastnight, he made me clean up lol. 😌
We've mailed 1,000 scarves to our rescuers. Visit our Facebook page to see photos of our rescuers wearing their new scarves.
Just got a shitload of followers, and they're all fucking eggs, hahha!
hell ya finished ONE paper .. why do i have a whole nother paper to do tomorrow
I do not understand you at all. Also how's Whales? :)
Er, that holds for the Friday as well. I think. I'm vague on relatives' travel dates. But either way.
Wow the Ohio turnpike has a lot more rest stops than any hwy in Illionois & they're nice! To They have souvenir penny machines!
Stop at the liquor store and get a six pack after work.
Just signed up! I haven't used the Green Cream in a while, so I am looking forward to trying this new product.
YES, I have a lay in tomorrow, be jealous!
i checked it out, pretty neat stuff. Whats your email.. cheers ~ Dawn @ White Crow
Be Safe Ya'll =]
For some of the best upcoming bands follow :D
RT : If you are going to put text into your Powerpoint, it should be big and red - kudos, Trevor Owens
In these uncertain times it is more than smart to develope multiple streams of income.
I can't get a thank u...
I clearly follow too many Radiohead fans
Since some tweeple like to quote the oldies, I'm thinking of reissuing Bartlett's Quotations as Bartlett's Tweets in a 140 character mode
no, this time my whole stick becomes unrecognized by the system. :(
The stars are sparkling clear and bright. The breeze blowing a refreshing stillness over my soul. My heart is at peace.
that one is entitled "The Screamer"
“: Yum! How's that '07 tasting? RT : #WineWednesday with 07 Cabernet.” It was fantastic! Got more
you cant win them all.... Except if you're me in corn hole.
Learning twitter lessons RT Arguing on twitter is like taking your time and setting it on fire.
Join my team today. We waging a war against weight. You can lose weight and earn a substantial income.
t minus 3 days.
#saturdaylibrarian and I'm clinging to my coffee like a flotation device.
lol. Better get on that wait list!
Well the weather outside is weather. Rise and grind people!
That's still lunch or dinner.
Very nice. Suppose I could have just messaged John. Nice to see it'll still be happening.
or something for sure!
wish-list rather than predictions? My guess: Obama wins unless Christie is VP pick, Reps tie or win Senate by 1 n keep house by 5
My pleasure. Good stuff. In DC. Actually, not as nice here as in Mass. But headed home so will catch some of it.
Can you say bubble? RT Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson performing this thursday at Liuzza's by the track 7pm
He's already been warned. With a look.
Follow orphan works symposium today at
Some people have no business wearing open toe shoes
I am accepted to rent the house. Signing the lease!!!!
Thanks! Have a really good week!
nope. and probably won't for a couple of months.
Is the game still on? Thunder's moving in...
Bout to take a nice nap! Lol im so sleepy
Tired of ppls bs
Beyond DNA: Epigenetics: The implications of this for human health are very wide-ranging, as we will see from the case studies we are...
People and their unnecessary drama...
are we going to see a wedding?
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 4
#Dogs need both physical and psychological stimulation on a regular basis in order to be balanced
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line.
My eyes are getting watery. You're such a nice friend to Austin. Anybody would be lucky to have you as a friend.❤
can I say that I love this very very much
"When you believe in something with every fabric of your being, Fight like hell for it." Inspiration from a fave of mine
Dude looks totally lost at the plate
: Follow me 4 free!
It's not what u do that determines what u believe, it is what u believe that determines what u do, what do your actions show u believe in?
Awesome demo from #songza at the #nytm tonight. Hilariously categorized, curated playlists are just what I need.
Sunday roast at the quuen vic. 10% discount for locals
holy crap. I love dat.
Answers In Motion is Thrilled to have Talicor representing Thumball products at #toyfair in NYC visit Booth
2011 is going to be a year of discovery, wonder, hard work and infinite invitations for celebration...what are you planning??
“: Fuck you! . Must be nice! I'm switchin to hosting. It has it's ups and downs. Just more ups
u are a dime piece boo
Unforgettable better be renewed.
right dat piff was a terrible site 5 years ago
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone! Do you have any plans for that special someone today? If so, what are they?
“: good Jus finishing up the semester, before vacation starts”oh ok, going anywhere while classes r out
The next issue of Leesburg Magazine comes out this week! Send an email to if you'd like to receive the announcement.
Cause I'm real, the way you smile, the way you smell, it drives me wild 💚
Just got back from Italy! and I can't wait to go back! :)
Today I got long sideburns in the memory of Elvis Presley and
lets be besties.
I smell a Romney Cain GOP ticket brewing. What do you think???
is never at lunch on time -.-
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...3 days left until I'm Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon! We're leaving Dallas, TX for Maui, HI today!
At the end of 3 quarters, the score remains 17-3 Destroyers
let me know when you are ready for an upgrade. 2 Young Studs Moving can move you into your new digs anywhere in CT or MA.
Finished a food photo shoot! Photos turned out great and the food tasted amazing!
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us what you think of the 70 degree weather. Email with your answer.
Learn about baseball. Reds have been mentioned for 2017. Perhaps you should follow baseball.
maybe you're psychic?
how the heck did I lose 20 followers in a matter of a couple hours?????? Weird.
Yeah! I saw them at Summerfest couple years ago. Didn't really like many songs on 1st album, but this whole thing is good.
Hahaha! I would be pissed if I am spending $800 a night and get a bathroom in a glass box!
Great kids concert next weekend in Bellevue, Red Grammer: Great deal too! www.redgrammerbellevue.com.
then well go next weekend
No way around it, the Cowboys are awful! Jerry, sell the team to an owner who cares!
patientview doesn't work on windows 7... is that a legacy product?
Some interesting uses for tile in the bath include shower benches, soap niches and tub surrounds.
JERSEY SHORE 30 minutes!!((:
New Cash Clown "Racks N Bands Ft Cap1
Just had the coolest karaoke birthday party & the pictures to prove it. (pix coming tomorrow - super tired) tx all!
Nope. It can be pretty gnarly!
first Christopher gets the flu, now mommy is sick...I hope nurse Kendra is not next on the list.
Huh. Mail in OS X Lion stopped finding certain things until I navigated to them manually. Rebuilding...
Thanks for the RT!
You? No sir! Someone else who is a grumpy badge-r. Can also be found at SXSW. Thank you for the kind words!
Alright new survey for you guys today! We're getting to know a lot about you and we love it. Hopefully you are learning a lot about us too!
Project Prom was a success - many young women will look smashing at their high school prom! Remember to donate for next year!
I saw a rough a few days ago, I'll send u a link once ready. We should shoot some w ur Epic #reeltalk (Pun intended)
Knoledge and courage . These are the elements of greatness. because they are immortal they bestow immortality, virtualvideo.info
At O'Shea's, find a bartender named Al. Tell him hello for me. He made my last trip by being so fucking awesome.
amazing! How are you feeling?
Shurna is cold blooded. No doubt.
the Tank express boiler is red hot, full throttle, everybody hop in!!!
Enjoy refreshing graphic with #wirecall results but colors are big prob. Barrett bolder than others + issues for color blind. Boo.
Had a great day developing some strategic alliance partners... who can I send referrals to next?
RT : Will you be in Payson Friday evening? I'll be at the Spring Rodeo... hope to see you in Rim Country where its cool!
Ray, I know only enuf about the Fed to be dangerous. People I respect say it should have just 1 mandate: price stability. Now has 2.
Merry Christmas Twitter world
the awkward moment when you're reading this and you don't tweet or follow me back :o
how bout a block? your block our block the block
Two union station cops had cones from McDonald's.
now, lets not get carried away with the tweets, you know who i am talking too. yes, you!!!
OH: "I can't wait to pound the celery. I'm gonna eat a whole thing per day. i will then spend over half the day in the toilet"
Yes, do it! Do I get a roll for inspiring you? ;)
It's safe to say Romney is his own worst enemy with Latino voters. Nothing will change that.
Thank you for the tweet, we really appreciate it. We're new and growing fast. Hope you're having a great weekend!
Claire Boucher of and Liz Harris of Grouper should get together and make the music of the gods.
This is such an awesome gesture! Thank you for giving back to the community!
YOU LIE! RT It's happened. Albert Pujols hit a home run.
thank you! Chuck Berry is always timeless!!
okay. when i get home, ill respond to that thing too.
Regular's secret: On Sunday, glasses of wine from bottles opened earlier in the week (and properly sealed/stored, of course) are 1/2 price.
yea his music is good no doubt about that is just isint music that everyone can relate to he rarelly uses metaphors or nothing
An employer is hiring in Decatur,Springfield,& Champaign.Like fixing things? It could be the opportunity for you. Find out more tonight
Family Research Council? If you're a Christian family who denies scientific research findings.
Just did crossfit for the first time in 3 months. Ouch.
Lmfao, he's flawless. ❤
RT: Super tired but motivated. >> I second that!
So true about #chrisbrown. I was taught to forgive, but he's a
We had a father step up to take the role as Vice President.
#Greys Lexie dying with tears running down her face #so sad
Good! Glad you liked them :) RT : Hot dog! That was fast turn-around! These are the best "business" cards ever.
There comes a time when you have to grow up!
It wasn't a very good one just sayin
Can't wait to see perform at house of blues!!
I love L.A. & Vegas, but it's hard to beat Seattle in the summer.
listening to this now. Pretty hilarious.
Guy who created new Chevy MLB commercials should be locked in a room and forced to watch an endless loop of these godawful ads.
Wys tee o love Billie Reed on days too we still watching these dam soaps, lovem
Thanks for coming today! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
There is, at most, 15 adults in line for this concert, and the line is around the corner lol
Who of my followers dabble with alginate, silicone or liquid latex? I want to play, but I don't want to spend a lot of money to start.
Thanks for the support... will we be seeing you at the festival? Come share the magic with us un NYC!
You'll always get an idea if you think and dont panic. Norman P Veale
I'm worried that 's obsession with #Splenda is his way of slowly committing #Suicide! :'(
Yes I agree-the more your around it the faster you pick it up.
Awww. Poor you lol. I ko'd after I did ALL my work :/ so accomplished LOL
thanks for the follow, digging the music!
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 19:35 with Nike+ GPS.
a tattoo?
omg. Really?! Wow.
yet you have time for twitter?
lovely!! :) I LOVE peaches!!!
#sprint has to be one of the worst companies for #customerservice that I have ever come across
he does...
johns pizza in Greenwich village, the best
liam payne as a telly tubby? My life is complete thx to your icon. Lmfao.
damn Marie put that blinker on flip the U and come back over
Is it Vanity to look back at one's own tweets & laugh...if so...I have sinned. I think I was in rare form near the end of 2010, check it out
There went the neighborhood!
So the spin is: Paying too much for shit work? Enjoy it! Todd Hundley could still be Cubs catcher! Obama 2012!
Aw I wuvs you too 💙
They have been in years past. Heading out now, I'll let you know how this years rank...
nope. Don lived at #70 which was sold & closed this week. (I used to live there too for a summer!)
K sound good. Let's plan it later in the week. They will love each other.
brrrrrr... I am so cold, tired of the cold & rainy weather here in the NW. Really wanting the sunshine and warmer weather! :)
My bad
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair. 哪怕是最小的茅舍，对一对恋人来说都有足够的空间。
Ready for spring break! ☀
New Icon what do u think?
Fights were crazy last night. Our fighter won. and after party was a great turn out. bout to find some food. whats good for today??
(x)Twitter (x) Tumblr (x) Facebook (x) Youtube ( ) Homework.
happy anniversary! Awesome!
CRACKLE VOL CRACKLE DENSIITY CRACKLE DRIVE
Tisk tisk, u gotta wake up early and then you'll be like me!!! :)
Ugh, that means I have at least a few more days to go.
weird weather don't know if its gonna rain or shine
The Heat and LBJ6 never cease to amaze me. How does the #NBA have a MVP that doesn't take the last shot when the game is on the line?
A1: yes, on #pinterest. Use it for personal image ref's for now, but want to start interacting more on it.
Feliz Pascua Hermano, have a great season, really miss seeing you in the pin stripes, God Bless!
and you'll never have to sit in traffic again.
Theaters are like bars.. in the sense that you shouldn't bring your babies to them. cc
Havent been on here in the longest time <3
yea..... were are you from ?
either delete those photos or send them to me thank you! Fuck
it helps in masking a inadequate oline
I've been watching movies in literally every class this week.
How is a bell obedient? It sounds off only when it is told (tolled).
Enjoy the queen city
Off to bed hopefully I will fall asleep and get some good z.
Love u right back! RT I love you guys! RT : thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago. Come back soon
Justin Timberlake's voice is sexy... He is one fly white guy.
thanks for the great blog post!
Dawwww, just found a baby bunny
not even close. Consider all the and nicknames.
I like your attitude!
I think they have bigger issues in Egypt than concerning themselves with Soccer's ego.
Concurrent sessions in general have been dynamite. “: Might be remembered as "the year of the dull plenaries"
my English teacher is such a dork lol
Ugh can't sleep
I want to be a boxing judge, but I have 20\20 vision. #whatfightaretheywatching?
Yep...mercury is definitely in retrograde....
JUST GOT A TUMBLR... :O TWEET ME AND ILL TELL U WAT IT IS TUMBLR KINDA SCARES ME I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO WORK IT LMAO HELP?
people act like the human race is going to stop completely once a few women decide not to get impregnated smh
Before you buy something, always think if you need it, if its worth it & if you'll use it.
Thoughts From A Balcony
do you still have the same number?
both -having a 3way with some infielders.
I always cry at the part in transformers when they pin down bumblebee😣😥
Setting up another mobile site for lawyer. Make sure your law site is mobilized so that people can easily read your content and contact you.
Lunch APPETIZERS - MIXED GREENS shaved radish, peaches, crispy shallots, ginger-vinaigrette
6 more people and I have 800! followers!! I will ask people to follow you if you ask for me hehe :) Happy Friday!
Good morning tweedos!
and Brendan Buehler's network analysis incs me as offspring of and (true, but not them alone!)
hanging out with my neighbor gtg I think I'll message u later
National Conference in LA - working together 2 ramp up nat'l effort to end youth homelessness
Just Spoke to sheet metal workers who are handing out my campaign lit today. Great guys!
Does the fact that this information isn't even supposed to be in the public consciousness play into the final decision?
my brother gotta take me 2 school…so im late for my final… && my eyes hurt from crying… #ThankYouLord for all of this
Who was the only President to also serve as Chief Justice?
I've seen the WETA guide to breakfast in DC! It made me wish I were rich and could eat breakfast all day.
No need for apology, I understand your perspective. I think it reinforces my statement, though. Societal preference of sin.
If you wish, you should.
You are gorgeous! What are you talking about?(:
i like my drinks pink
Keeping you in prayer Sis! Great seeing you on twitter. Glad to see life treating you very well.
Did you know CCWA is a Microsoft IT academy? Get certifications in Microsoft programs and get a leg up.
What are your thoughts on the looming Gov't. shutdown? Does this make you angry? Let's hear it!
Over the course of a year and a half I died my hair eight times. I promised my mom I wouldn't die it again for a year.
Just got new Two Hands Designs, flowers, chevrons, and mustaches oh my!! <3
should probably start coming home a little earlier
Now it's time to say goodbye to Jed and his kin.They would like to thank you folks for kindly droppin in and yada yada yada yada hospitality
Ur right! That's a good thing! :) Gotta' love #HCG RT none! I'm on maintenance, so that's good. Down 110 lbs since Oct, 10...
It is amazing when I have a sick day that I answer more work emails than when I'm at the office.
LYRICS/PHONE CALLS NO THAT DIDN'T WORK EITHER HEHEHE! !!!!!!!!! FREE BOOSIE BOO/ MY BOY BOY
I'm happy to announce that OPA has taken all points off raisins & prunes. That's good news. Maybe the children won't like to hear it. [1944]
When creeps come strolling into work
Damn Jeet 2 double plays???? Well at least we are on the board
thank you for stopping in! So happy to hear you enjoyed it!
I just thought it would be nice if they could be friends though...you know?
Yea, but it is the good kind of work that is useful. I like their system alot. Wish libraries did this.
Have you visited to enter to win a Rascal Flatts-CHANGED prize pack? Make sure to enter before 4/5 for your chance to win!
i really need to get ready, but it sounds like a lot of work. might just wear sunglasses and pjs all day. everyday.
Got some hot product in your inbox. Check your email.
THERE WE GO #GMEN! LET'S GET IT!
To get to retweet or comment on one of my tweets would actually make this spring break something to remember.!<3
Systems run the business, people run the systems.
Eating okra, corn, and romaine salad w/ lime, coconut, curry dressing
hi brother :) happy i tweeted you back
OMG! I need a freakin job! ASAP!
The only way I can think to describe that take by Hawes is 'genteel'.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Woah. Can u say attention whore?
You parents would let you!? :o
los so many followers /:
I think ultimate point will be where they're getting the info they visualize.
#oneday I will meet some deezy fans.
And Jean is trying his hardest to look like he understands her.
Fox News reported that The Muppets are communists. Nyet! They got the headline wrong: Miss Piggy Sees Red After Learning Kermit Eats Bacon.
HOLY DUCK. MY PHONE IS BACK!
Am I the only one who doesn't know what Elf on the Shelf is?
Disappointed to see Romanoff lose. Happy to see Buck beat Norton. Don't care who wins the GOP gub. primary— Hick has that one beat.
oh man...ur one of those? I was just starting to like you.
During ur life journey never stop dreaming No1 can take away ur dreams the future is unwritten reality is always wrong but dreams are 4real.
Finna SMASH this spaghetti I'm hungry af
When "talk" around the dinner table is #positive ie #college, sports, #success, your children learn to succeed & be happy! Keep it positive!
It's #FridayThe13th what's everyones plans for tonight??
RT : You all are kicking it with this fundraiser. Keep up the amazing work ur doing and have the best day ever.
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: Redirectory - help people refer each other to actionable local resources, location searchable
If you're a designer and I ask you why there's no em dash glyph in your typeface, and you don't understand my question? You're so fired.
It's a mind-boggling decision. Oh, but they're keeping The Office, which needs a respirator at this point. :(
Plus he's gotta be right one of these years right?
Greetings Tweeps~ I've been stuck living in a really bad Country Western song these past weeks-you name it, it's gone wrong. C'ya tomorrow!
Cute! Is he chocolate?
« Don't fuck with people's feelings.»
Did Taylor Swift just hug the seat filler when going up to get her #CMA award?
thank you! we will check it our!
I wasn't saying it was too soon- in fact, not soon enough
No one is at the mall😒 #bored please someone save me!
I'm going to die without internet
Just got into MoxieCon! Kinda pumped. Anyone else going?
sis where are you?? DM me your number
Christina aguilera has mothing on this anthem singer. Oh my. Write it down next time
Women see Triple "O" and take off there clothes
Congrats to all the SDSU grads, this is only the beginning!
I lost all of my contacts. for who has ever text/ call me DM your number :) thanks <3
please follow em ? :)
and I are watching Jem, btw.
Okay night
thank you 
I fear you are right to worry about trees in Riverside Park. Ground is wet and soft. It may not hold some trees in wind
I recognize that orange wall in your pic but I can't figure out why...
boo, no, i can't. gone for most of the day. sounds awesome though.
Get it while it's hot! Our new Multigrain Oatmeal is served w/ ur choice of 3 toppings: brown sugar, dried fruit and mixed nuts! -...
Getting ready for the agency open calls tomorrow
THAT'S MY FAVORITE WORD!!! ^O.O^
GM Tweeters!
Thank you!! What a fun month :)
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. ~ Carl Sagan
Join us for a Poetry Celebration with Lady Zen @ noon! We'll announce winners of the Poetry Comp. and hear a performance and talk by Zen!
Watching victorious, drinkin coca, and about ready to clean my room :P
Nick and nora
After a week of great time with my new boy and family it is going to be hard to go back to work today.
Fine, be like that. I will personal stuff to your other twitter persona or em
The new phones books are here! The new phone books are here! “: Just got the new landline phone. It rings.”
sock, sock - shoe, shoe? Or sock, shoe - sock, shoe?
RT : You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.–Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beautiful morning in ATX
#IWouldDoAnythingFor Mitt Romney to FIX the pier behind his #Boston campaign headquarters. The North End has been waiting 1 yr :(.
happy birthday! Hope you have a great day!
it's a very sobering place to go
When I get married he's taking my last name
Hahaaa at the BMW commercial. Email from wife read by car: "hey honey...my mom stopped by. See u soon." *man starts backin out of driveway*
Is anyone else obsessed with #thevoice? Because I am.
Nw Soul Train! Early morning flashbacks!
w00t! RT : Congrats to for "Theater Night" collaboration Mon nights !
I could use a massage lawl
Through #Gingrich's eyes, the entire country is anxiously waiting to hear him debate. Can't Newt just quit the campaign & join Toastmasters?
Sounds awesome and looks nice too :)
old people. Someone didn't get their singles shot at walgreens on washington st. Oh its Andy btw incase u didnt figure it out
HE DID IT NEW RECORD!!!!
We ♥ Wine Wednesday :)
RT for a follow back.
Yay for girls who like football too!
Follow the amazing cast and many more.
Y'all lost boston
I'd go with yellow and chocolate, but no cake is complete without butter creme icing!
Got to hang out with Shaggy from Scooby Doo. My life has been made.
bout to record a podcast w/ wherein we'll discuss 'Poke the Box' by Seth Godin!
Cant be around her to long startin to. Get curious
My quiz this morning was cancelled!
711: 's favorite number, good choice! & nice profile picture!:D
: You might be able to knock a #Sagittarius down but they will bounce back and brush it off as if they merely tripped over a rock.
Tomorrow, Schlitz Park for take out Tuesdays. We'll be starting a new schedule in May ;)
i will make sure I am
TGIF! Good deed Friday! Help a stranger today!
Cards must protect against Saints start, not get down 14-0 in first 5 mins
I can't wait to see the new American Pie movie. It looks like it is going to be so funny.
Its one of them days. Sleeping weather
Been playing with my baby brother for the past 7 hours straight
I'm interested in collaborative art projects that use twitter as an input mechanism. Anyone know of any?
with $25 you'd be ahead a few bucks
Night terrors <
miss you too!!! Next time your in 1232 you should swing by to visit me!!! I'm at Staples now
Having a nice cup of coffee and considering the possibilities for the day ahead.
Its rough getting up this early everyday
Keep it up Crew!
I agree Matt.
I found a new best-friend!!!! Haha little brother cameron:)
Got my #free birthday car wash!! Woohoo!
oh...put em down!
RT : is blessing the Lord right now!! "He is exalted, the King is exalted on High!"
I may or may not have cranked up in an empty office right now. Getting work done!
A visitor just told us that we were a more interesting place to visit than Shiloh!
What channel? What was the show called? Thanks for your kind words.
Torn meniscus :( but it's small please pray
So pumped every time it rains cuz its about the only time my car gets washed!
recommends for the ultimate wedding dress! #Luxbride Amazing variety to choose from
S/o 2 the new followers! 😘
hope u like me, dont judge if u dont know who i am :)
and tonight at club diablo come check it out it's going to be a great show!!!!
Looks like president Nolan Ryan knows something about pitching. #duh! Thanks for signing (Yu Darvish)!
you can also get it at your local mcdonalds or burger king.
adam west has the best voice.
Back to the grind tomorrow...Rehearsal, ballet and lots of planning and organizing!
If you're willing to wait on a dude then you'll probably end up getting left behind too
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly motivated not to do anything...
◄ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ✈ {link--------------
I certainly hope they do! (The app is free for the next 24 hours.)
Come on Down San Diego to country night in OB tonight @ 7pm. I'll be there.
I can't get over that whip appeal :)
Just listened to Fiona Apple for the first time in months at least. Holy shit.
By the time you read this I will have assassinated everyone alive who makes toilet paper nests on public toilets and doesnt flush them after
thanks, I appreciate it. I'm trying to see what other organizations do around the country to be successful
Don't worry Bobby, the days of rain delays at Fox City Stadium are right around the corner!
Your 8 years (and mine) just hit average. Only solution is to change expectations in programs and hiring departments.
3/4 on a good day.
You're in the home stretch!
glad im finally off work...
David Robertson has some big cleats to fill...
Never hold back your true feelings. If you have something to say, then say it...cause you never know if you'll ever get that chance again.
Will be #writing tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
Just mailed in my absentee ballot for the #WIrecall primary election.
***Corrected: Hendricks with 10 hits tonight. I don't think a Red Wing has had 10 hits in a game since played.
No, I am not the guest offensive coordinator for the Jets tonight. Please stop asking.
Solarcaine is my new best friend.
Hm I'm always up late.
WSOP 1k event 4125 on first break. :k start. Solid table looking to get some hands.
Looking for a great place to workout? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
1) It's FRIDAY 2) I get off early today due to a server upgrade and 3) There's a groupon for a $40 1-hour massage. Might be the
When you find you are holding yourself back: Let Go!
Wasn't sure #BuckShowalter was the guy for the job. MAN, I'm glad he's an Oriole.
Agreed. RT I don't want to contemplate what a defeat of would say about state of GOP and future of our country
RS r u new to twitter or starting up a new identity? Good luck with SBIR award! How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
rejects their four term Governor, Tommy Thompson, because apparently he isn't crazy enough for them
I have not! Sounds right up my alley haha
in 57West. Everybody lookin at him like he's holding the key to their salvation. Hahaha.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worth while achievement. Henry Ford
#20ThingsAboutMe I do not like strawberry milk :X
Looking for some vBulletin developers. DM me!
looking for love in 2012 ❤
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV - MarketWatch (press release)
are you guys just swamped with email or are you ignoring the email we sent? Maybe I should just tell you here?
thx for helping make our trip memorable. Will forward K's email for N soon. She forgot it& has to look on laptop when we r home ;)
Enjoying judging the Ruinart Competition today! DC competitors look great!
Getting ready to play some hardcore music on WQME 98.7 tune or logon www.wqme.com
Worst I've looked going to school ever
"attitude reflects leadership, captain"
It's absurd! In fact it is Martin whose "Right To Stand Ground" was violated. He had the right to walk 70 more feet to his front door!
oh my god, yes. hah.
Can't wait to watch the !
in the C2E studio doe... jus left the odd future pop up shop
WAIT What? You're in NYC tomorrow?
Do people actually like the brownies on the edge? I just put up with them to get to the ones that wouldn't shatter my teeth.
Work!! It's all good though..Sam's reimbursed me for most of it
" Skip n Treez TOPFLIGHT yea we bout ta take off like a early morning flight (lleegghhoooo) "
Seeking a #Network Administrator for a contract-to-hire position. Windows Server, AD, EX with LAN/WAN exposure. .
