- Yes, Highlighter comes out thursday night when the clock strikes midnight, about 54 hours from now.
Is Connie still #twitterless ?
How do we want to play this? Creating a google group or some equivalent social networking centerpiece?
Tonight (3/18): Anyway You Want It will be playing the best rock covers live at Hard Rock Cafe. Tix at the door starting at 10PM!
“: At #Paterno funeral no one's going to bow their heads, they are just going to look the other way.”
what's better is that i'm serving , , , & budget-conscious realness & not a scrap of actual marc jacobs.
It's gonna be hard to go to sleep early wen school starts again ):
Been a busy day, but I am getting it done--for once, I feel like I've made some progress!
JG! Which state leads the country in D1 transfers for 2012 and/or 2011?
Q2: We're trying to add some shorter format segments that are more focused, such as short interviews rather than lectures.
thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday!
Well said! QT : It makes me feel so good to see such a true demonstration of
#4famouswords don't you trust me?
Hey there, ! Thanks for the RT today!
Fatt Wallet's ending the year strong! We're out of stock of our t shirts! We will restart production next year. Thxs 4 your support in 2011
O "genius". We all make mistakes but please don't let it happen again.
Just announced: Virginia’s athletics program finishes third in the Sports Directors’ Cup. Best previous finish was eighth in 1999 and 2009.
Nero's Remix of Deadmau5 Ghosts 'n' Stuff♥
I wish EVE Online would go F2P
lol u stupid
. describing fascinating process used by those working on compiling Atlas to translate from legislative speech acts to map data
tell that guy I said hey!!
Just got tickets for the big time rush summer tour!! (: LESSGO!!! (: #Pumped RT? and follow?! (:
Hey Folks - anyone out there have a Playmates Starship Enterprise D they could party with? With a stand? (It's the stand I need).
Getting ready for the 47th Ward Senior Holiday Luncheon
Thinking about becoming a model? Don't. At least, not until you talk to our team. Details coming soon.
Do I have a follower 1,100 out there? LOL Thanks for all the support everyone!!!
i did homework literally all day today... fml
S\o #hometeam and the rest of the team #brainyactcamp ..love my fam
talk to me on aim :(
don't kill you dads game:p
Yea u bout da sorriest muthasuka I've ever seen
Wide awake.... Jus trynsla have a blessed day....
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Watch out for mindless eating (especially in front of the TV). Don't snack just because you are on the couch.
hey Mr. Plush... Do you know anyone who wants to be involved in a new restaurant in Milwaukee???
haha, so true!
Wishing everyone a very, very Merry Christmas!
Whoa 1130 last night?
at the gym right now be back in a bit
Roger should have complained after 2010 F. No, wait, that would be "low rent" right?
is excited to watch the Build Madison presentations today from their 24hr create-a-thon! buildmadison.org
P.S. - I was 5. It was a darn clever solution for a 5 year-old. I went beyond out-of-the-box thinking. I thought off-the-cube!
One year ago: Endeavour blasted off on NASA's next-to-last shuttle flight commanded by Mark Kelly, husband of wounded Arizona
Today: Official launch Man in the Glass: The Dale Brown Story. Starring Shaq, McConaughey, John Wooden. Buy it today
Translight and Green Screen, the perfect match for amazing Appisodes @
Prop master/set designer Joe Curran has an excellent set for the show!!! Actors were great despite flood worries Very proud and grateful.
“: Bitch make a wish..” just made a wish Only hope it comes true Junius a real nigga like the maybach crew
Sea Otter 2012: Trek teams shows plenty of prototypes
Im going to sleep
I know! I was blowed!! lol We have to continue that conversation..
Rush Limbaugh apologized to the courageous Georgetown University law student, for calling her profane & disgusting names.
happy two months. Here's to many more #cheers 🍻 😘
Eh, it has its charms. But the reality is that your hands are tied by the brand, shareholders, and that it doesn't belong to you
One other thing to consider--familiarity with Wordpress can be good on a resume, Blogger not so much.
'Lil bit of Philly in my voice this morning
Maybe. Or maybe more young women live with older partners than reverse. Is leaving nest for marriage independence?
Tonight We Drink For The Accomplished!
reading what some people wrote in my yearbooks makes me wanna throw up
Are you a NYC #LevelUp Super Fan? DM / Tweet at us for an interesting opportunity!
Kathy how could i get one of those Choose180. necklaces i think there pretty cool
yeah I live right next to it
Also know effective Home Remedies for Hair Care
Returned to Jiu-Jitsu today. Felt like I was a new student all over again. Somehow my gi shrank...or maybe I just got fatter? Hmm.
New to green smoothies? Start w/ spinach, much more mild than some other greens. Let your palate adjust to the subtlety then hit the
Patience�A man's/woman's wisdom gives patience. Proverbs 19:11
there is nothing more infuriating than that one and "but you would be such great parents!"
Of course! Good luck with everything!
Friend casually texts she's getting married, having a kid, and it is all no big deal!
me too...ima just pretend its Miami and DIP! lol
RT : If you're interested in being on the Read/Write Library Tech Team, let me know. Will get you into the project site.
Is going to bring home a thursday night vball championship...
I'm a G plus 1
“ Talkin to her feel so wired now”
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind. They will show on your face.
got a toll violation? don't blow it off. They can be worth as much as 3 points!!!
aren't the stats overwhelmingly against single founder companies?
Yeah I wouldn't bother Green unless Gamel is out for the year & you start Green at 1B fulltime, which they won't do.
RT What are your Super Bowl plans? To watch the superbowl. Duh.
One day I'll learn $$ can't buy love or happiness. Think I'd learn by now but I make the same mistakes over n over now this is all on me.
I'm not really looking to Pawn. I wanna sell.
I wish I could! Sounds awesome :)
Hi Adam: Are you going to post a Pan Am recap? I love those! Need it to make my Monday! Also, any word on how long it will last?
LOL..GLAD U LAUGHING
Heard interesting/alarming talk today on the U.S. in Afghanistan from Aaron O'Connell, Naval Academy Prof. and former Petraeus adviser.
yea as long as yall both have the same intentions nothing will go wrong
It was interesting that XTina was texting on her phone during Tony's performance on #TheVoice . I used to be a fan. Poor taste.
Can i get a retweet for my 21st Birthday?!?
Which in turn effects opportunities in the future. Too much emphasis on standardized test
drinks at serranos on monday? I think so!
we'll see what happens, im going asleep so goodnight (:
this is great a goat having a conversation with a cat and a horse
bahahahahaha finishing everyone
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism - The Hindu
I'm hungry might take my cousin to go get some food 😊
follow and please :D x46
is coming soon. Please let us know if you will be in Mexico. We would like to schedule a meeting with you.
#IE9 install. took 5 mins + restart for it to latch the hooks.
Real deal on what it takes to make college #civeng happen from We need more of this type of talk to bring projs to scale.
At the EBSCO lunch with and other great librarians. Liking the NetLibrary revamp actually
Started a playgroup w/ a mom in San Diego for kids 3 and under w/ food allergies. Anyone in area interested in joining? Message me.
Rolling suitcase central!
i watched it
Social media is an emerging lead generation tool because it lowers the barrier to the sale by building relationship
Some marketing exec probably ran the #'s and determined a net gain at Theo's expense. Ugh.
Your amazing <33
I'm serious it's annoying stfu
If "ShareWithMe" was that amazing, I can only imagine... Man, my repeat button is going to hate me!
thanks for sharing the article out, Kristy!
Monday: lazy. Tuesday: lazy Wednesday: lazy. Thursday: bored. Friday: happy. Saturday: hyper. Sunday: bored.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about #lightsonfremont Dec. 9th !
Dell with be at #NAAMBA career fair in NYC on 9/10. Make sure you stop by and speak with Andrea Newman & I about full time mktg roles
Just left the gym, bout to chill and watch some tv
Just made two gallons of margaritas.
Good Morning Everybody :-)
DHEALTH Cycling with your handlebars too low may cause discomfort & lower body numbness, experts warn.
Britney Is A Perfect Mother because everything she does in music industry is for her boys, Jayden and Preston.
im there bro im bring a party bus wats up.!!
Just another relationship come and gone. Guess shes not coming back. But oh well i will find a good one some day.
Apparently, we're all too busy doing philos work. How ironic.
Don't start at the homepage!
"Never get tired of doing little things for others, because those little things might occupy the biggest part of their hearts"
Jennifer Hudson Shows Off Her ’80 Pounds Lighter ’ Body on Good Housekeeping Cover Holy weight loss! It may have been gradual for thi
I KNOW. cause my mom will be like I DIDN'T LIKE RNG and I'm like GAIDBWJDHWI DO YOU HAVE EYES
My heart still breaks today as we remember the tragedy that took place 10 yrs ago today.
Listening to some of Whitney's songs...what a talent! Such a huge loss...
did a photoshoot yesterday can not wait to see the photos!
will be one hell of a night WHEN we win!.see you there m8
Huge momentum shift. Ravens have a great opportunity right here.
Cannot wait to get my DVD's of #WatershipDown and #ThePlagueDogs. Probably the worst animated films to show children, but still amazing.
oh cheesesteaks on tv ive been to philly like once madis from there shit yeah im watchin
just like when the Lakers were gonna beat them??? Lmao! Sucka!!!!
Judging A Person Does Not Define Who They Are,It Defines Who You Are.Its Better To Be The Owner Of Your Silence Than The Slave Of Your Word.
If you notice, coffee sleeves can be found literally everywhere. your ads on them can end up everywhere too.
M thanks for follow - who I always impatiently wait to open at 7am for stumptown.
Love this: one student applicant writes, "I have never thought of myself as a blogger, but as our school continues to make the... part1of2
“: The more time I spend cleaning the car the quicker it gets dirty again.
Universal truth of studenthood: Friday classes are the most unpopular. Alternatively: mandatory classes on other days?
Make sure to check out a double dose of Minnesota tonight : 930pm MN Nice w/ Nick Armstrong & 1130pm
It's the last week of our food drive! 3 canned goods gets you a free med coffee! All locations, tell your friends!
hi love...Congrats on everything your doing!!!
Craziness at talent shows.
maybe bright, obnoxious clothes + bad perfume will make me feel more self-conscious than tired
I'll have the melons.
Dam she got a phat ass!!!..I hope its real..
Back at it for last 2 periods at Northrop. This class is a rowdy bunch.
Ding Ding Ding!
I would be stressed out too if that was my daughter's birthday party.
I want to get lost in your anatomy & memorize your canvas.
to nigga hit my inbox on here or fb ASAP
I actually really like american country music aha
even better when u add mini special someones ;)
Thanks homie! Let me know if you do, ill give you a code so we hook it up
and almost vintage
you do needa move back here :)
I've found when giving talks that students are interested in real world advice. They don't too much of that from the profs.
that truck is sweet, mine just turned 250,000 hahaha. I like how the whole rear window goes down on yours.
Agreed! Even live they are hard to read unless you are in the very front. Sadly, I didn't see a live stream online...
Yessir. Who's the sub?
Client: "yes, but I don't scroll on websites". Hmm, and how's that working for you?
Celebrating the 26th anniversary of first date with hubby! It was at AGR sweetheart dance.
S/O to my bro ..the real Angry Man!!!!
You da man! You're so good we want to give you some free tea! Thanks for loving and !
Tribe up 4-0 in the third with Masterson on the mound.
Maybe he could be the one:)
hmm haven't heard much of them/him? What should I dl
damn that's a good dude #ithappens #
Panelists making joke about tattoo one speaker "received" last night
*sneezes again*
How sweet! They're beautiful.
Look folks...Time Magazine features boobs on their covers all the time. But show a breast and everyone goes crazy?
Thanks for following AND for running for !
hahahahaha finally . Baby creed
Did they play the Hellbilly Deluxe tour with Monster Magnet? I never did get into PM5K. Love me some Rob Zombie, though.
4 guys have asked for a picture of me today. Omfg. Im going to bed.
I have the best husband in the world. Sorry guys.
That was a good meeting with & thanks girls. :)
good morning luv everything going well just ready to get back to work!!
People at banks are so quiet and boring.
PBOT will roll out a 10% mode share interim goal. Bring it on. This is great news.
manu's raw too!
Nobody but that funk!
“: Today is National Be Kind To Sonny Day!!” a good day indeed! Sending love!
So jealous! :D
To truly #Accept our situation/circumstance is to integrate meditation in everyday activity.
You're welcome! Great to see you back in action homie!
Buncha midwest shows coming up this fall! Check the myspace for the details. More to come.
If you could only see what i could see you understand why i want you so desperately<33
Mark your calendars now! Our first ever high school concert for kids by kids is coming July 30! More info soon! GO TEAM !
I been gettin a tinglin feelin on my upper left back under my shoulder,for like the past 2 weeks.Kinda like when ur feet is bout to get numb
If I have to go back and redo what you did, stop doing it.
Typical Seattleite: peers through blinds, takes Instagram photo of sun, tweets "OMG sunny!", returns to browsing Pinterest in the dark.
Had a blast! You & BD were Awesome. Hope to do again soon.
...hey, how are you guys? keep me updated on the taping etc.
What is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman? A sales woman has a vagina.
please siscanyou lease use yourgmail account please please sis
A2 An exact number is a dead give away that you are entertaining other offers. Unless you'd like to play hardball!
LBB (both stores) will be closing at 8pm tonight for maintenance and our employee party :D
Sam Cooke is good for what ails you!
busey (as in the actor) not budget
hey Kash Cant Wait FOr The Old School Hour!! Do ur thang!! Much love to yall! XD
I would take him over Dirk
Well OMFG twitter just suggested I follow my ex husband. My shitty day is now complete. Well played, twitter.
Not sure the actual stats, but def more valuable to the network than most of the competitors.
Thank you
Job sites asking u to follow them on twitter. For what??? After u read my tweets u prolly won't want to hire me smh
RT : After the incident, Smoke was treated for Cory Booker exposure.
vote Republican?
I'll Have Another was my second pick! YES! Haven't won since Fusaichi Pegasus.
i dont know anything about what is trended besides what is promoted...Avengers...
Warm Fuzzy: former employees in the house compliment us on cleanliness and service!!!
Oh, and Jesus has unconditional love for everyone. You really know your stuff, don't you?
you need a date to that wedding? il come down for it. one question, open bar? if not just count me out
": The term "good girl" becomes irrelevant if she is hanging out after 2AM." Logan.
S/O to that boy keep your head up lil nigga there's brighter days ahead
Blah going to try and sleep
Although remembering you reminds us of our pain,you were always smiling and I know you'd want me to smile too so I smiled for you today
they are... Not.
I just think its bs that we have to write a paper and then another one for our final.. I'm gunna annoy her so bad Or be a bitch lol
lol. Whelp I don't know anything about science being a lady so it must be true!
Wow. No Impact Man wants to have an impact--he's running for Congress!
We all want the video diaries back. Who agrees?
Hope you all woke up on the right side of the bed this beautiful morning. I wish you the best
Agree w Heather's conclusions, but wonder if expect. were inapprop. Maybe fb ads belong in top "awareness" level of mktg funnel
Apparently the average height of Dutch women is 6'0". That almost seems unfair.
All I wanted was a iPhone and iPod touch ... and for alot of celebrities to come to Pittsburgh ! Lol - Zaona
Happy early birthday! RT . Was just given Knicks/Bulls tickets...happy early birthday to me!!!
Amazingly here is already an embryonic group here in DC area. Started in a Charter.
are you going to look at the big moon tonight?
There's always something good out of every bad situation. And a lesson.
Haagen Dazs has green tea flavored ice cream. What about a SPORTea ice cream? Not quite as low fat as the drink, but just as yummy!
Great time in Puerto Vallarta, what a wonderful city!!
break a leg boys ! <3
Wednesday 10-6 Long Beach Farmers Market, next to LIRR station
RT : " Yay! I've been waiting for the recipe!” I hope you LOVE it! :-)
All the moments me and had in baybrook >>> X'D
Kicking back, listening to #MIKA I just started listening to your music yesterday but it feels lik Ive listened to you for years lol
Cake cake cake cake cake
I CAN SEE YOUR ON ? :) WANT TOO BE NICE AN WISH HAPPY BIRTHDAY ?
My baby #sister called me at work today just to tell me she loves me and it really made my day :)
Yep God is GREAT
Tishay think she the sht now cause she can draw a heart ctfu
Zavodny: Mississippians have stronger palisades, and warfare peaks during SECC. Upper Miss. warfare continuously increases
RT 25k to 30k at the Rally for Trayvon Martin . I am so proud of the response.
i'm about to get domestic up in my apartment.
- No one ever learned anything without making a mistake... Trying not to repeat them is the challenge!
thank u
are you having the X perience of your life?!
oh wow.
Hey Amanda :) Good luck at practice!
IF YOU LOVE ME FOLLOW OUR PRETTY ASS MUSIC ARTIST
For a second i thought Edwina McCann was Jason McCann's sister. o.o
rihanna - fool in love .
It hurts to open my eyes -_- goin back to sleep!
Lets go denver!!
I want a lobster
wow. Evan Turner with the clutchness!
Choad!? U came to sa & didn't even say hi?!
Glad to meet you. I am new to all of this. How are you?
Had fun w/ last lecture at NJIT last night on legal and ideological currents in Bill of Rights. Made me want to re-read Akhil Amar.
oh ok
the crickets were out in full force! :-) haha. How've you been, Shane?
You did it!
I know everyone is talking about the Panthers and the Dolphins new QB, but has anybody noticed that Bell blew his 3rd save last night? Yikes
S/O to doe . He's goin in on these #WeWontWork topic
Spagetti is yummy ;D
lol what you mean
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked.
Where the fuck is ????
lolol fuck you. I take it back, it's not worth it haha
Congrats to - you rock, you rule, you are just simply the bestest and I loved seeing that you BOOKED the big one!! xxxooo
is such a dork..
Look at those gorgeous lanyards at
That's very true! And that's why we're offering a prayer-app (free) - please see: www.birdofprayer.org and maybe share ?
Teaching cello at and home today.
stayed home from school, been reading all day (:
Guidelines suggest teachers decline student friend requests with a note citing the new guidelines.
if that was 2k that's game and dubs....lol
Twitter recommends I follow Subway. No comment.
Don't say that: I've just moved there!
i just don't understand how that "ruined" the movie.
Cuban's decision to let go of 2 key players fr last year's Mavs winning chemistry is as dumb as Laker's letting Shaq go to Miami!
Love seeing all the celebrity accounts that just post cheesy motivational quotes. Why aren't there more 's and 's.
Well for the next year, I will probably have no social life whatsoever. But it should pay off in the long run
Went into class teacher said we are having class outside. Get outside she says I don't have a board to write on y'all can go home.
can you please post a picture!
#XboxUpdate had some connection issues right after. Overall still not too sure how I feel about it yet
What tools do you use to monitor online conversations around your issues? We love iGoogle dashboards - free and easy!
People in the office get SO excited when I say that I'm doing something TO DAY. Apparently the old IT was lazy af.
nine minutes to quittin' time. Then I gotta go buy some toilet paper.
Let's go #Rockets!!!
adding my services to the knights of columbus , reviewing architects for our future hall and location
Predictions for the game tonight? Where're you going to watch it?
tell them to come out to Lakeway.. They will definetly hit quota!
Off to Silicon Valley this afternoon. Bring on the sunshine and innovation!
I totally agree with this. Had to retweet.
About to go to my bros house and chill
RT The primary idea for #Processing is not to make a programming platform, it's to foster new concepts in the visual arts.
How true! RT : Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there . Will Rogers
AN HOUR INTO THE SHOW and we get an apology? Come on now.
People are searching 4 action, they want to find something in order to do something "The future of search is verbs."
thank you
dam they closed the trappers its a sad day in the burgh
What's the ideal route to a sustainable music career?
Basically, am gonna sell something that isn't mine, and belongs to someone who would like it back, and it's okay this time!
Why I could never be an r&b star. RT someone wake up and tell her the pizza's almost here!
Seeing The Dictator with my mom for mother's day
thanks for the reply. 3 things: 1. Go back to self ordering, 2. Organize the store efficiently 3. Train staff in high stress mgmt
sounds wonderful!
how cute is that?!? peppermint :)
I got tickets to see her in August and I'm SO excited tbh.
On a jag: my #FridayReads is The Importance of Being Seven.
In the meantime, does anyone have any experience using AirParrot on OS X Lion?
haha damn I miss mine too!
again, the content in your show is far to similar to your newspaper articles. Don't care about contests.
i fell sleep early as shit- my phone woke me up n now im stuck. tom gonna suck
...it was terrific fun. glad we went. and you were a HUGE help w/the little ones, too. 'prec.
Britt! So great to see your name pop up today. I gather your cross country adventure is coming to a close? Hope you're well!
I miss you guys more and
Bring them in, cano!
My head is killing me
Time to get serious.
Only Sarah would run into my math class, beg me for my shoes and socks, and then run out of the room...
The natives are restless tonight. Hard to go asleep.
Brutal drive...most snow I have seen in awhile. But good once arrived. Anyone else coming...drive safely and bring patience!
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. Frank Herbert (1920 - 1986)
Singing Johnny Cash two octaves higher....
Why do you get into shit that doesn't invole you and say shit like that when you the the same shit
I am hoping that we get to see Clay to a lambeau Leap and get all the way up.
Just played January and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Forgot that I ran out of oatmeal. Peanut butter for breakfast for me!
Office hours. Maybe having them in one, three hour chunk was not the best idea.
u r so hot u should follow me please
would love to be in skins!.
Thanks for the RT!
City High - Caramel ft. Eve
I'm always interested in my children's education. All children for that matter so I will join and retweet.
Coach Drew liked my shirt! ;D 😘 haha
love you ladies!!!
already seen them all during summer lol
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 4!
#Colbert called Paul Ryan a Reagan hair re-enactor.
Check out the nuts on that Chesapeake Bay Retriever. I can see why they are such a family dog now.
Thanx to Houston ive been forced into becoming a Nascar driver... These fks cant drive worth a sh*t
Awesome! Look fwd to your tweets!
Yes indeed #RealTalk RT : something good huh?...its another day to get it right for ya self & career...#Leggo!
This will be a performance to remember!
Happy Friday and !!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 53 to 58....
Thank You all for the kind RT's! Great day to all!
- Thanks. I'm glad I didn't hashtag that one. I might have invited some extra attention. :)
Do I look like I'm a flirt ?
and I say your welcome♥
Lol my school netbook just died. LOOK WHOS NOT GIVING A SHIT FOR THE REST OF CLASS :-D?
I'm a pessimistic man looking for a optimistic view
what's a big shocker? why am i not in on it?
Watched Dark Shadows Yesterday with the boyfriend.Now today Cook out with the aunt bringing him to meet her c:
Are you friends with "Warwick Seattle"? If not, become friends and have a chance to win a $50 gift certificate to Brasserie Margaux!!
Nope. I'm looking for the next big whale instead! Q1:Facebook targets 5/17 for #IPO date. Will you buy shares in FB?
It's always the tits...
Did get your samples yet?? Please let us know...
Oh how I love Footloose 1984 with Kevin Bacon, Lori Singer, John Lithgow, Dianne Wiest... classic.
So its my first time in trader joes!
would be counting days till new episodes come out, 'cept can't find any news. Do you know?
Bailey "I'll b Madonna & the girls put their hands all over me." I know a bunch of girls wish they were in right now! lol
I knew they had to be done. 92 burpees in 7 minutes. Consider my ass kicked.
AP style for Wal-Mart and Walmart is stupid. That is all.
Lets take steps to change the world I asking you my fellow humans: are you ready for global change? #unite as one human race!
Newt doesn't think growing bureaucracies works. Unless it has to do with Medicare.
*high five*
Pierced my eyebrow for the 7th time, and hopefully the last time.
LMAO! Tell me something I don't know.
Congrats! ❤RT : Proud of my Lil Sis for being named VP of Community & Strategic Initiatives #Chicago Housing Auth
drinking and playin poker at t bones I am gunna text u from a random number
Out with some sexy bitches
Brain Floss: Athletes are 60 times more likely to damage their teeth when not wearing a mouth guard during athletic activities. Get one!
Kettlebell Fitness is THE most effective+EFFICIENT form of FUNctional Training.
yeah he got signed. He's moving to Miami.
so am I
at writing, 2 year old has been watching youtube music videos for 2 hours. Sigh.
I swear . Every morning ima find some highschool bitch to rash >> why THIS BITCH got on a bby tellos belly shirt & its. 43 degrees outside!?
Cannot wait to see The Dictator.
not even close. Mine are better so far than this.
Thanks, and glad you're going to unplug too! Wondering whether I can convince our #mcdm community to commit...
Names of the Day: Mathew and Harriet. Daily member deal: pick any of our daily deals!
Today, a kid in AP Government said he'd be glad if marriage discrimination continued. I snapped "Why?? WHO is helped? Name ONE person!!!"
yeee follow you
It's wet and cold and gray out there -- did you Seattle folks bring this weather with you for #SXSW?
-- Its sumthin called a DM or a TXT
Subscribe to three sessions and get a free 30 minute consultation with Charles Montgomery. Space is limited, so don’t wait!...
i know right! Too cool
glad your married honey!
I'm shy I guess, but really glad u changed your profile pic and finally tweeted some pics. I could downloaded yahoo messenger?
DO IT!
came home for the night sushi and a movie alone... Dad has yet to come home
Thanks for including us in your Reading Rocks paper!
Book Sale - NEW LIST! - 100+ to choose from, many $1 ...: “Foods That Harm, Foods That Heal,” subtitled, “An A-Z Guide to Safe and He...
Watching Alien w dad, thinking why didn't I go see this on the big screen? Well, it came out when my mom and dad hadn't even met yet! Weird!
Even though we've had two poor matches, we are still 2 points ahead of my projected "best possible" system
These refs are sus
At the SD Chamber Congressional Luncheon listening to a discussion about defense. All 5 agree that the Asia-Pacific pivot should benefit SD.
Parent/teacher Harvey: All kids need 'a chance at redemption. I've seen it happen.'
- Promotion & protection o human rights is important contributor 2 develop, those who don't see it pay the price themselves!
In 1918, the first U.S. airmail stamps, featuring a picture of a Curtiss JN-4 biplane, were issued to the public.
wow really ": No terrorist has ever bothered me or my family. But the local police department has bother and affected more people
Hey, I wanna get in on those #funtimes!
Thanks for RT
My favorite quote there is "'Liking' a Facebook page is insufficient speech... " I've been saying that for years! :-)
Sadly this made me LOL “: lol = Drowning Man. *lol* = Drowning Cheerleader. RT if you get it.”
A personal espresso machine.
RT I saw Tony Kaye's new movie #Detachment last night. It's way dark mate.
man shut the fuck up dont you wish it was you in the video cmon next time dont lie on camera for your exposure queen of media..
RT : Evidence shows that cushioned running shoes doesn't prevent injury in the 30yrs since Nike founder Bill Bowerman invented them.
Happy Birthday!!(:
Oh man i love how people moved from calling EVERYTHING screamo, to calling everything post hardcore! #gettingthere!
No Heat vs Lakers just taking in some Northern Virginia hoops
that's what's up! It's my new favorite song!!
#JamieHermanprobz needs to be a TT worldwide 😏
i was drinking pints through a straw last night, silly me
Gosh. I am suddenly seeing the power of - they posted an article I was looking for and my Tweetdeck just exploded!
Gn followers...wish me luck for this computer programming final tomorrow !
I'll bring the popcorn, Michael!
I'm still sore from my workout Friday. I could get used to this.
Ha! It was fun. You're a trooper for hanging with Dad.
I am so grateful to God and to all of my true friends!!!
Yep. I taught her well!
...every team member will know Scott understands them.
he got hacked!!. Blah..:/ and I KNOW HE didn't like that video!.
You can’t ask people to go into uncharted territory while you wait safely on the shore--D. Quaintance, quoted in "Now You See It."
Only once in your life I truly believe you find someone who can turn ur life around u tell em things u never share with another soul
new stationary is classy and sharp! like all of your work
Walker and his campaign operate from an undisclosed location. Just like Dick Cheney.
also jack black
Catch me opposite Kelli Garner on PAN AM (Episode 13) titled "ROMANCE LANGUAGES" tonight 2/12/2012 at 10PM on ABC!!!
#Everyblackneighborhood has wig store, chicken shack, liquor on every block.
Very Russell Crowe, which is a good thing. RT : New profile pic, courtesy of Whaddya think?
Who just saw that guy get a a touchdown thrown in his face?
OK. I'll let him know.
Look forward to follow up's on focus group studies, safe travels! (@ Hollywood Fortlauderdale Airport)
As appealing calling it a night sounds I can't wait to #run a few miles & sweat this day out of my system!
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.-Mark Twain.
No Music tonight, just great food and drinks. Join us tomorrow for some great #jazz with The Bob Sneider Trio
You're Awesome... Thanks Danette! RT #Vegas #Actors! Check out Casting for "The Glass Circle"
Things i'm good at: typing in all caps.
Thanks so much for sharing the story. I read LS every day, it's a huge thrill to see my piece there.
How will you know if you have made the right decision? It's when you picked the harder choice yet your heart is at peace.
Plan your #vacation - just put your favorite public location in your Outlook calendar! does a custom #travel auto-search!
It's been a Violent Femmes type of day. Their timeless S/T record came out in 1983, I was in the 1st grade.
Hooked on #BreakingBad thanks to my son Catching up on past episodes on
and the Best Mommy Award goes to you, Susan! xo
One reason might be that Jack's classic roles weren't as somber/methody as Pacino/DeNiro's.
Follow Back Please And Thanx Yuhh :)
mention a smiley face if you hate the Lakers. lol
biking the trail and cashing my check
Seems like it should be Shehzad Roy... I'm finding the banned video for "Laga Reh," but not the Drone strike one. Song title?
Going to reserve judgement on the #Tejada move by the #Orioles. Not sure why a 38 yr old would be brought into fold. Re-tread too. We'll see
Justin isnt following me :'(
thanks (: and ya know we do try our best (:
there's your TAW opener next time round
I order my meals based on what will look best on instagram.
I'm doing what? Grubbing lol
Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
I love my girlfriend<3
Not sure why I'm surprised... foggy morning in the Bay Area, a few layers. Now at mid afternoon and I'm regretting wearing a sweater.
tumblr please get yourself together
Do we have it? I didn't get a text.
yup and I am going to hit the 4 0 in less than a month
what's your profile pic look like???
Working tonight. Stop in for the games. New menu rolled out last tuesday and chef adams is killin it!
I may have to take back what I said about stone soul 😍😍😍😍😱😱😱
it sounds like you were busy:-)
what are u doing tn?!
Yeah, virtual book group works! Picking up my copy this afternoon. Start discussion next week?
deal: $20 for 20 Bikram yogaclasses @ the only yoga studio in my new neighborhood #fate Alright..Here we go again Mr.Choudhury
I would have been good with 2 in a row.
no problem
STOP . now make that motherfucker hammer timee. ;) -
I FEEL SO CLOSE TO YOU RIGHT NOW! Hehehe I like that song....
I miss the good guy,quiet,humble U were my favorite player a while back THEN Lebron came along and u went straight Hollywood
Check Out Overtime Tonight 7-9 Mt For For Real And Raw Sports Talk Only On GoMileHigh.Com, AH AH GOTTA GO!!!
Woohoo! Take a pic! Hope the birthday girl is hungry too!
Any guess as to when NFL preview mag will be available. Your college mag is the best - I never got your NFL one tho...
That's one of my major pet peeves! Of course, if we modeled loving to learn we would never do that.
a lot :) watta bout in texas/mexico?
Are you kidding!!!? This is reality tv gold. Watch, they will have their biggest ratings EVER.
I will get your map updated tonight. Would you be interested in sending a pic or 2 to use for the profile?
About to hit up the #blackjack tables at with and This should be fun!
And my heart slows down... </3
Again... I'm such a lucky little girl! I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
Winter has finally blown in
no worries you're good.
Beast is a beast word! Hah isn't it? #beast! :P
i'm eatin a fruit roll up. :)
Next goal: to get to 100k followers. hahah. seriosuly, we can do it :)
omg their breadsticks are amazing(: haha
Why is this silly #Reds fan taking up my twitter notifications. Everybody knows #Weeks is better.
I hope Justin tweeted Jim Irsay this week, because he nailed the Colts HC prediction on our most recent podcast, thanks to the question
Happy #FF to you too!
It's all good let's win the next 2 and win the series
Watching the sunrise on the Brooklyn Bridge... Happy Easter :)
I was rawr-ing at doc, at what you tweeted him saying. I was curious what the circumstances were.
Real niggas say true!
Decisions, decisions...where did I put that crystal ball?
Should be a fun day
I mean EVERY single word.<3(:
MLS season in full swing - scouting a couple matches a week & NEW YORK is winning!
Quite jealous.
. destroyed tonight. They absolutely rock. If you haven't heard them, you're missing out.
If you believe in something, Believe in it all the way.
Lol. Man i'm trying !
Msg: : Everyone spread the word, share and get people to 'LIKE' our FB page! See how many more we can get in 24 hours!... ...
user #hacked into a buddy's iTunes account. No bueno
's San Francisco looks exactly like Vancouver, BC. Why choose SF as a setting and not even try to make it look right?
Haha it wasn't! RT : I hope it isn't a desert mirage!
“: What? Is it spam day on Twitter?” it's utterly ridiculous, you can't tweet anything without getting a spam DM
#nowplaying F**king Best Song Ever.... guys are amazing! Ever heard of them!?
I am!! uuuhhh... 405 on a Friday now? oh boy! Play some good music on the radio!
Misinformation is a big problem when dealing with health issues -
Romeo take me somewheres we can be alone.... its a love story, baby just say yes<3 OneAndOnly<3
Hustle hard thru the snow and the hell
lol look at that! Miss y'all too!
Steven Shore spoke about the challenge of a teacher- to teach students how to express their own voices, not to speak in the teacher's voice.
Lauren Brody, I'll see you soon for #LalaLand at #BNN Can't wait to get this show on the air!
only notice gorgeous people.. am i right? watch he won't see this tweet
no, I wasn't. I just wanted to hear the end results. Hip hop isn't pro sports, and vice versa.
RT : UNC just put out release that the trio of Harrison Barnes, John Henson and Kendall Marshall are all gone to the NBA.
Jacqueline, thanks so much for RT! Susan
as a coach you have to know how to manage a team with all stars am I right ? There's no excuse to fail again as a coach
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation. ~ Francois De La Rochefoucauld
50 people showing up to get their smarts on at the tracks in Milwaukee. Madison, where you at?
bartab is live in 15 different cities so you don't HAVE to drink in Seattle. Its live in Austin Texas!!
Hard rock version of Gerry Rafferty's 'Baker Street' coming from over the back fence. Interesting
It's a good night to grill out with muh man.
breaking bad is on Netflix
At least 3 RT : Okay. Seriously. How many times a week do you go to the grocery store?
Well I had a blessed night. I hope you all did as well. About to lay it down and pray that God keeps his love and mercy around us. #Night :)
#kraftwerk non-stop!!! So sad this is the last night :-/
you don't like the movie top gun?
Hey. Hope you are well.
Not too sure if I'll be able to see you tomorrow bro!We have to do some car stuff D: I'll let you know if I can tho haha
My jets got Tebow
i like to think of myself as in an abusive relationship with new york city
I miss my muse =(
Love is doing small things with great love
Tell someone how much you love them and that they matter today.
A panel of 8 librarians are talking about how their ERMS are used and implemented, plus their favorite buffet foods!
Well that was one of the longest days in the world.
its actually disgustingly hot today..supposed to cool down this weekend! I'm scared I won't survive through a winter here
- I see why you feel the the you do. It is understandable!!!
but youre a rebel because youre still on blogtv.
just told me its April 17th.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 8
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers
Being repetitive - not actually innovating or creating something new but simply doing the same thing.
Great to see you today!
ringalingling! Hello?! hi Harlee! It's the weekend! yay! Thanks for the follow! Ttyl!
I take U as my lawfully wedded husband 4 rich or poor, better or worse in sickness & in health 4saking all others til death
Someone score a touchdown..
Actually teared up a little when I heard Maurice Sendak died. Can't imagine growing up without his books.
no, they don't have the good stuff. Just b&w...
mitsake is mistake
CheatingRT : Again, a bit amazed by how the refs just decided to keep Hibbert in after calling his sixth foul. This happened
YOURE FAKE & YOU GOT CAUGHT BITCH. Night;) RT : Hahahaha, i'm done. This is so funny. I'm deleting my twitter♥ Bye guys(:
can you like...like upload our pictures on twitter!? like da ones from da beach of just me and you !? pretty please !-__-
#OWIF: ... and I am hiding in a garbage can next to the movie theater because there is a pissed-off merchant marine hunting for me.
You pull the trigger count 1, 2, 3, it's a finger flip for you and a devil for me
Larry and I wish you all the best!
I hope she is! Tell her to stop being a stranger!
Any chance I could get an on campus deliver before 5? - My 4yo and his mom need a treat!
i haven't been on twitter much lately
Hah...good point well made Miss Bodie. =) I'll see what I can do...
Just found out the office building is 100 years old this year. I'm surprised it hasn't aged quicker considering its tenants
Right now i just really want a big cup of vanilla flavored coffee Yummy :) :) :)
Q: What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawn mower? A: Lawn mowers sound better in small ensembles. #fb ;-)
your mom
same here just being bored on a friday
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year. Reform Wildlife Services.
Best i-net commentary EVER: "Maybe she was just withholding praise. Look at her, getting off." Alas. I. Cannot. Compete. [sigh]
good for you! Obama needs every vote he can get tomorrow. Even if your opinion makes you feel it is the lesser of 2 evils!
Wow.. the Monon trail is happening and Main St in the was the place to have lunch today
Every sweet has its sour, every evil it's good - Ralph Waldo Emerson. (o how I wish you paid me attention)
great article bout the Cats
in the words of Malinda "woot, woot." Summer of 2012, here we come!
Birthday present ordered... I passed on gift wrapping though - I can't surprise myself :)
Or maybe a twitter reading filter that removes them from tweets - I know you could use it. OMG BEST THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
How bout those
St Patrick's Day separates the Jocks from the rest. Participation in bright-green-Tshirt rituals more contingent on jockiness than ethnicity
Haha “: Does the girl behind the LA Kings bench think she is Blossom with that hat?”
walking down the hallway in a swimsuit.. "where are your shoes?"
When is fake coughing really loud and this old creepy mexican asks her if she's okay. >>>>>
The playoffs make one do weird things.
Group 3, Culture: open source art, connect cultural enclaves, new histories, & find resources for freelancers thru social media
As a Lakers fan, I find a tad bit of solace in that this game is going just about how I expected it would.
Bad thing about feeling icky: beginning of a cold/flu. Good thing about feeling icky: getting work done late at night.
Phew. Because real SFish trolls would require actual labor.
Dude...I hate to have to tell you this - Just get a car...
Haha. Love It! Is that What Its called now mate?x
Team James or Team George ill go with george
,is there still some Democrats in the Democrat Party?
Man, Matt Cain's new contract really seems to be having a negative effect on Tim Lincecum, eh?
Trying this buy in for 30 bigs lark. Stack now 40 bigs
Oh yes. So much yes. So much sadness and yes.
I love her..
we should make a band!<3
Dear Genius is one of my all time favs!
us and
yeah idk she circled for me to do the major and I was like um lady I need to graduate soon and she was like its the same amount
OKC playing like this might haft to go to my closet and get my broom sweep sweep sweep!
Fluro Light Fittings Store
Talk to him!
...and I'm gonna make sure I'm financially prepared for raising a child. Folks should stop putting the cart b4 the horse.
Congrats to and the rest of the team on winning 2012 Foodbank of the Year honors from
Today is one of those days where I really should make a list to things to do.
": OMG,Is He Okay? I Know A Few Other Peoples Parents That Had A Stroke Also =("RT:yea we are waitin to get a MRI
and Jasmine doesn't talk at all.
Then do so loud and clear.!
I need a serious vacation before I make any hard core decisions.
I am trekking to base camp as well. First time and I'm so excited. Also writing a book about this and other adventures. Eric
chilly here toi having an excellent day!!
all food is good but i dont like only rice...
i had the biggest hangover, even tho i hardly drank.
Yeah, it's so WHACK!!! RT : Im so over my tmobile service.
Thanks for the follow, Dan. Hope you are doing well!
Today is not goin to be a good day
DAMON AND REBEKAH STOP
Who would you really like to work with?
What felt worse for the good people of Memphis - losing that lead to the Clippers, or losing Cal to Kentucky?
Hill could be great, kid is blazing fast with a big, strong body. Love his talent. Scares me that he could bust though.
last day at :( so sad! it's been a great semester!
thtas awesome phil.. i model my tourney play off your style. love a signed copy
Can't stop smiling! I'm going to bed wearing my Memphis Grizzlies t-shirt.
#mymommaalwaystoldme never talk to strangers!
Funny how when my life is so exciting, I should be tweeting, but I can only get around to tweeting when life slows down.
Leaving soon! We all just woke up! EXSTEMELY TIRED!!❤
so I guess you need to beat around the bush and figure out if the person is a duke or earl?
Thanks for the RT! Need to do a wine get-away at least once a month #winelover Happy
ah its so fun to look back at my old twitter account and see what i posted (:
My bad about not getting you kids proper credits. I'll put em up on the video description. Best I can do with CMF
I always laugh when that girl from the stupid commercial says "latte plese" in the french accent. OMFG LMFAO IDK WHY DOE
I'm so gay for Don Cheadle. SO COOL.
Least we can do is give them something to chew. Sorry - National Bad Poetry Day - but also Homeless Animlals Day - get it now?
I paid $12.99 for the Kindle version. I would have paid triple. Thanks for the laughs!
“: No one plays Draw Something the way I play Draw Something. #FACT” I cheat. 😱
In the end, it's not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away. ~ Shing Xiong ~
Hailey passed her drivers test!!!!!!!!!!
I hate you and hope you're still making it out to Cali!
Follow back please ?
#athletics may take a look
blowing up? this isnt indiana, we dont have any fireworks
#MyBiggestFlaw I'm super clumsy(;
Started following Jose Canseco. Can't decide if he's some kind of ultra-witty, talented twitter personality, or if he's actually this stupid
yeah just saw a huge fire truck pull out of Touchstone!
Lawyer speak Makes patience weak.
#InternetSociety Maria at #GlobalINET endorses "Right to be Forgotten," which would be TOTAL violation of US Right to Free Speech!!
alright free vacation! sick haha
A feeling of continuous growth is a wonderful source of motivation and self-confidence.
my birthday and maybe some making out. LOL
someone got an android I see...
Everybody who watched or will watch the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony: MY mom did all the centerpieces!
Just caught and now is up!! Where are you at?
that was me. There's been a few changes while I've been away
Good morning lovelies..... Today is gonna be such a lovely day.... I can feel it <3
Almost on my 300th tweet. :D
I cannot answer your query until I fully wrap my brain around the mashup of PQotD and Les Miserables. Uhhhhnnnnnggghhh
my face catches your attention
Indians can't afford to blow games like this....
Have fun Michael!
Your attitude creates your reality and you create your attitude. Looks like your success is up to you! via <----- ABSOLUTELY!
Ok, I can live with that. Just like I don't hate the Skankees, I mean Yankees. SMOOCH Gotta go—I hear the clanging of the trolley.
PLEASE RESPOND JESS!
Twitter tries to stop imposer stupid spam bots that do aggressive follows aka follow 100 and see who sticks and dump the rest
omg I haven't tweeted u like un forever !!
V-Necks fucking rule ok.
Home again, home again jiggity jig.
#AskBieber if he likes One Direction??
In OK City shooting MWC swimming&diving championship
liam,i love you! can we be best friends? ill give all the sacapuntas you'd ever need! xx
Sigh no more, no more.
Yes, exactly what I thought!
just cuz you feel it...
We need more great moms who will _________.
What have you done to take control of your small business' online marketing? Let me know...I'm always looking for new tips and tricks! :)
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
#GoodMorning this had to be the softest bed I've ever slept in!
Go Nuggets!
Business is like a wheelbarrow. Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
You're joking right? RT : pfft. Blake and Paul only flopped twice. All those others were legit fouls and whacks
I really wish this lady would hurry up & set my time so I can hit 71-S to Columbus....
Somewhere there's person/people that'll defy odds & win #MegaMillions. Then there's rest of us that have 2 worry about flesh eating bacteria
shout out to my boys and
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Her mother is a behemoth.
I would love for you to live to 600!
RT : -- such a beautiful show and the perfect Boston tradition!
haha, not a fan of the summer-in-Seattle looks? ;)
darn right you are honey.
can't think straight all day...why? my mind's on you <3
Being broke isn't an option.
Praying for the miners!
RT : can't wait for happy hour with all the ViX co-workers! Cici, Michelle, Todd, Joy & Eriko :)
What did the reporter say? Hard to tell with the video
at least we know when we come to #PSL we have no trouble finding coffee! would agree... Yes?
Why you no visit me, I make you shashlik and vodka. Inspector knows your secrets.
That is what I am wanting to do just have to wait for spring just dont know if I can I am like a kid at x-mas now
Its ironic. I got the shopping cart with the wobbly wheel.
I think he does too....
Just finishing workout at #planetfitness #beastmode is in full effect..
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrities Get Festive with Christmas Sweaters! (PHOTOS) On the first day of Christmas, Celebuzz gave to me . . .
Howard hasn't seen the show yet, OMG what if they edited him out?? ;)
Really excited about the Mikkeller Black Tie I picked up from Binny's today.
Goodnight lovelies. Sweet dreams. (: hope yall had a good weekend & all the mommas had a great.mothers day (:
Just Wanna Kiss You But Your So Far Away..
The one day I'm off and he's working late, go figure
Bgc reunion part 2. better be good tonight. 👊💢💁
Praying for you. I'm in connecticut, It's going to hit our WHOLE STATE. D:
: Good luck with your filing! Don't forget our Support team will be here all night if you need them!
Why do all the douchebag guys get the girls who are beautiful on the inside and out? Those girls deserve better...
is your website down?
Looking forward to tonight's VIP cruise with our Design & Development team! Should be a good time.
u dont listen!! I said I wanted to go but I couldnt! Well now I've convinced my mom and I asked u to come to one this summer
What's a better promo item... Drink cozies, guitar picks, or a t-shirt???
#student Using Government Grants For Debt Relief
will be at pdx with balls on
happy november!
RT CURSE OF BUD SELIG 's "Let's end in a tie" Call continues! NL may never win again.
#Evangelicals contradict themselves saying they interpret the entire #Bible literally, because the Bible itself, is full of contradictions.
I know one 9 yr old who was delighted by the win. His dad on the other hand, not so much... :-)
Lets Load up the Plane! Bye-bye #NewYork! Its been fun! Now back to the #Grind in the
Entire countries have risen and fallen in the time I have been waiting for this ridiculous elevator.
Actually it was across from B Marsh. He could be a Welker on the right team.
my eyes hert bad
if it's Wednesday, it must be enchilada day @ El Fenix!
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending."
#PlansForSummer2012 : Moving, Swimming, Decorating Room, Working out, chilling with REAL friends and havingg fun:)
Soo tired but I can not sleep!
and both will end next season, only one by choice.
So, like: pea shoots. Who knew?
you should give out tickets to LA since it sold out less than a minute please!!!
Mommy, I Miss You :( We Need To Talk Very Very Soon, I Have Stuff To Tell You, It's Very Important, I Love You Mommy! <3
nice with the chicken chili... Old school recipe!
lol hey friend
Way to go WE! wins 3 Stars of PR Awards (Large, Tech and Digital Agency of the Year) plus the Grand Prize.
honestly, this weather is amazing! perfect night for dinner and cocktails on the Milan patio.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you are doing well.
The two days it's supposed to rain next week are the only two days I have off.
Wow!!! A Weekend Off... I Don't Quite Know What To Do With Myself!!!
that's sweet - u got a disc?? I'd love a copy!
last conference I went to there were several folks sporting hackintoshed netbooks. They looked like fun. So wee.
Love the Magazine! Check out my story www.thewilliamjames.com
Congrats! RT : Dear friends! We just won Auler 2012 - award for best startup in Central &Eastern Europe. Couldn't do that w/o you! :)
I'M AT DA SKOOL SCENE MAD EARLY
I kno fam I was jus talkn 2 Goody abt it. But sum stuff jus came up I'm not gone make it. But ima be down there b4 school ends
Happy mothers day baby
Never ever again, will I try long distance relationships
Thanking God for another day and all of my friends he has allowed me to meet!! God is Good # GO HARD 4 CHRIST!!
bit of a late reply but the site is great.... love the rebrand too
Video evidence! We need to get together for karaoke.
trust me, I never liked you more than I do now
finals nxt week
I think the (very) bitter/sweet silver lining is that OKC took a team and really embraced it though.
The Office is better after midnight.
How was happy hour!?
awe! Happy Early Birthday!!! :)
Mostly just pens and stickers, but we should totes get some totes!!!
ha! Been there..Have fun..I don't live too far from there..lol.
Since I don't have time to shower I have to flat-iron out my graduation curls >.<
Let them talk of men, and beg of me. - Spanish Proverb
Oh this job is boring me to tears. Fucking sleazy economy. What I had to do to get another job. Move to a place I didn't want to go
Topaz Horizon: Happy 6th birthday, Topaz Horizon!
creating my twitter account
LOL!!! No, New York. Tho they may have been from Kentucky.
It's going to be reality soon.
Have a great time in New York <3
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins. -Benjamin Franklin
same here!!
you're welcome!
No one understands me. The pain i go to sleep with, the pain i wakeup with.. What goes on in my life and my head. No ones perfect.
Just bought a $25 itunes gift card... First 3 things i buy are Secrets, Ours, and Call Me Maybe covers by Miss
I should have been home by now. Instead I'm still sitting in the airport. Ruminating.
that sounds like my version of hell.
The fuckn ain't never been this good...
Just tongue punching fart boxes.
Snowy bike ride??? Yes please. Have been waiting for this since October.
Just started using #tweeker ...anyone else using ?
"A champion is not a person that keeps on winning and owns all. A champion is someone who never gives up"
Congrats guys! and
that's sick!
Making the magic in the studio
I just said the same thing...pains me!
Hot nights = naked sleeping nights.
Do you suffer from Boring Wall Syndrome?? No worries #MIKELPATRIK fine art will cure it!!!
We are PROUD to announce that we have received a 2nd PERFECT health dept score of 100 on our inspection today!!!!!!!! God is so good!
I'm pretty sure I just developed a strong HATE for the lady who beat her kid. How can you hurt something that can't defend itself?
Yes, someone got it.
Just spent an hour test riding bikes at South Shore Cyclery without buying anything. I'm a terrible customer, but damn it's fun.
I Love wall e :)
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Your as sleeves will be distributed all day long by our coffee shop network.
Good day to let the dogs loose and have a cold one. Come see us!
I've been on here so little the past few days I'd forgotten how awesome you all are.
shine on, you crazy diamond
Hey Brock! Hope you're doing well! Miss you!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 NON ATORNEY.
iBooks Author makes a proprietary format, but based on EPUB, so somewhat positive. Not much social yet, hoping they extend scripting!
truest statement
bro I wish I could've got that before I went
yeah you're sharing right?
remember when you bought a totino's combination party pizza and left it at our house?
Going to the gym makes you take your mind off of things.
I forgot to clock back in after lunch.
are they homemade or the packaged ones? They never sell them in twos... always 4 or more.
Yes--I'm lucky to have 1 as my Prez“: : we have many kind angels in the world:)) Thanks!
I'd be very impressed if someone accidentally offered a woman a lower salary. I'd giggle and walk out in that case.
Oh, , I so didn't get invited! I'm just showing up to sit in the Green Room with friends who score me passes and, like, walking around.
Come to the Lackman t-nite and check out what's New on the draft tower: Looking Glasses Business Time Ale & Southern Tier's Mokah Stout! Y..
Students Gone Global new blog. Looks great. Congratulations !
Would you get discount?
y'all know what I meant tho right?!
has anyone from SEFLIN contacted you? (if "No" - probably too soon) -- just asking
six days ago. ;)
#pray for our president...those muthafuckas betta not try nothing
Knock the T off CAN'T.
What's with all the commentors in your latest post leaving links to your latest post?
Is it bad to friend zone a guy who likes you by talking about another guy you really like or.
how can you who fam lol
Participating at the #DC #Idealist.org Grad Fair. If you're in DC and interested in learning about #CCT, stop by!
who still up tweet me or text me
What do you think the difference is between "public good" and "common good"?
also works to create more sustainable packaging! They have a vision of having ZERO WASTE!
my stepdad lives there :)
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #3: Music libraries merging with general collections, or the threat thereof.
We'll have programs to hand out at Art in the Square on September 3rd.
Two spider bites on my neck impersonating Robert Pattinson's mouth. Unacceptable.
"The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct." - Carl Jung, Swiss psychoanalyst (1875–1961)
The one that says, "Buy him beer." We sent it out last week. RT : I hope my valentine gets the memo
would like to invite you to my sons 1St birthday party. He is a big fan! Love the show my man!
Made u look twice
never trashy
Being back to reality after is no fun at all. Counting down the days until next year
We need an Executive Producer/Film-Financier 4 FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
Mama's in Belltown never dissapoints. Now to drink some wine and watch some Lifetime movie network.
Changed my background on here! its pretty rad.
Eff this construction at 146th street though
Nice Work!!!
"She was a Republican and openly back a Democrac so Ilm not voting for her" that's why I hate politics
“: wait there's phones that exist that aren't smart phones?” Yes. In hell
well hello there
And She don't Wanna Do Anything
girl Oovoo whatever same thing!
Thank you for posting some tight stuff ... Peace and blessings I hope you have a great weekend.. Love and Light .. P
o thank you! Just favorited your tweet
Let me just say that Alley looks completely AMAZING after her weight loss. You go girl!!!
it's soo hot. milk was a bad choice. (:
That could be poetry, sentiment, morality, and religion
Im going.....lol
My 6 year old would concur. #toothfairy has gone up in price since I was 6.
out superbowling late?
Actually, #christopherrobin runs a coffee shop down the road from me. Lemme tell you, it's weird drinking animated coffee.
guess who just joined #teamandroid what's good gents??
Check out the President of the company say's he's pretty cool
How was the New Year? What can we expect from the Addicts in 2012?
Fuck last night... I didint get any sleep!!
Life is brief, command it.
#headache I am working tomorrow and all next week, someone has to be here. Sigh.
While you have faith in God! Everything will be fine and successful as it has in the course of your life♥
We are in one of the worst economies since the Great Depression. Share with us how you have raised cash to grow your business.
My red line alewife train has been stalled at Park Street due to "police action" for 10 minutes. Wtf?
its kinna lame when you like your own status, album, photo or link.... Its like saying that somebody does like what you post....LAME
I'll get it today!!!! I'm back from the dead!!
In the experiment dubbed life, there are estimations, deceptions, and possibilities, but truths are few and far between...
I will check it out!! Thanks !!! Follow me back so we can DM! =)
Missing Tel Aviv as I'm writing recommendations for a friend who's visiting for the first time... cc
i than start screaming at him my parents wondered what's with the screaming than today i'm banned from ask.fm website
Tell yo friends about me.
Nice. Mine didn't have any of those.
wish we were there too!
Five Guys RT : Target RT : Where is Detroit's defense?
what y'all kno bout that boy Mega?!? The Realness album was my shit!!
As I drove to work this morning, I saw few umbrellas and many soaked people.
Today is Friday! What do you have planned for the weekend?
Spotted: Eric bogosian and girl checking out Laurie Simmons imported sex doll photography show at salon 94 on Bowery
This dress is see through, time to go through the closet again.
The DDM is popular, but basketball is still the same unselfish team game that it has always been
whys it gotta be racist
don't tell me what to do!
BEAUTIFUL day in #DC. Oh man.
you are absolutely beautiful!!' <3
Blech RT : Here come the "I love Reagan more than you loved Reagan" comments at
Thank you so much to all of my new followers!! I'm still learning about twitter, so everyone bare with me. :))
!!! Simon Winchester says David Skinner has "taken a fine story and honed it to popular perfection" in THE STORY OF AIN'T
“: advance to meet for the AFC Championship. Who do you like to win that matchup? #PLAYOFFS” Ravens.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become." ~Unknown
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can`t take them off of you ;)
RT : My job has a opening in the college park area. Hit me up if anyone is interested. Need a whip...
I'm glad I'm done with classes by then. I plan on hibernating in my cave after I stow my car away for 3 months.
Thanks for a great morning! RT : Thank you to , , and all the #liw guests !
And hope. Poor hope. What she has been going through these last few weeks?
3 words. Surprise Prom Queen. Look forward to that Princess.
followed thanks :)
Got that snap back and tattoo's .
Kelly is at her first 'lacking' class. She can't seem to get the word 'acting' stuck in her head. :-)
Thinks that there are two Absolutes in live...friends and Vodka. And the best times usually involve both: Have an incredible weekend!
Considering investor(s) for amazing opportunity. Launching a revolutionary multimedia platform 2012. Amazing people on board! Details TBD.
YesRT : Think contacting the family or limited release to tell the story would be a reasonable request.
Fortune 500 list indicts #GOP. Co's made record $$, have low taxes but still not hiring. Top Co's are Oil still getting US tax breaks!
thank you so much!!! took a shower and feeling better... for the moment. I have felt sick all day today. a bug of some sort
changed the budget view - not sure about it. Prefer $X of $Y instead of $X left.
So over summer and classes! Bring on the fall! =)
almost done girl! be strong!
Do you know my favorite all time movie is the color of friendship???;)
no i feel like im guna die any second now
Hello my friend. It's really sad to see what happened since my visits 2008. They could see another career end this year or next.
RT : Planning a #sactweetup 4 Sacramento twitter lovers & would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or...
Things not to do when the lib director walks up when you & 2 colleagues are watching YouTube - panic, gasp, swivel the computer screen.
RT : roundtable 2 discuss strategies to improve health of those most affected by the recession & job loss...
Good Morning!
Winds of change
They should not give fat people wheel chairs here. Bitches should walk to lose that flab
Happy Birthday :]
If you want to improve your understanding, drink coffee; it is the intelligent beverage. ~Sydney Smith
Congrats to , whose team #ManCity won the EPL today. Sorry about your garbage #ManU,
We will be leading worship at Calvary Baptist on Nov. 20-21. Looking forward to see what God has in store.
You're both so kind. Fan status reciprocated here.
The Bat Cats also set a school single-season record for most home wins (29) and are the 1st NCAA Division I school to 40 wins this season.
Tomorrow is another teacher's planning day. Today feels like Friday to me.
Klout now also thinks I'm influential about "#animals" ... Leapin' Lizards!
...But the REAL Nevada Day will always be the 31th.
Ok Do u have a place where you can record? If so, u can pick the beat, record your part, and email it to me.
I don't pound muffins, I pound cakes.
i am seriously so excited.
See the performances at 2nite or art or drawings them all if you can!
I eat a mango chips may sound disgusting but is delicious
Hey Myriam, said it would be a good idea to contact you about my project called cellhelmet. Like to meet if possible.
Oh man that's ridiculous. You should have gotten in your troll war, he's really good at it.
No Johnny! Don't drink that alcohol! It's a trap! Lisa is going to betray you and cheat on you with your best friend!
Good morning ppl
You're welcome love! I'm so glad finals are over with for now! Lol
Work early and tired. Tomorrow?
So would you still like that song if they were from somewhere else ? like kansas? lol just being from the bay isn't enough
My schedule is open. Should we pick a place and a general time that works for everyone? Suggestions?
Dragon fruit is so overrated. So bland. Cherimoya needs to be on that list. So freaking good.
Special characters will be the death of me.
Within 10 minutes a guy already has 's broken vacuum and old blanket out of the dumpster.
Total #overload! NOLA & SF this week plus three PBJ refurbishes and 4 PBJ spring cleaning clients!
The Cubs are running out of time (or have run out) to snag a spot in the playoffs. Wait for it.....There is always next year
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
I'm ready for 60 Minutes since the Raiders got their asses spanked and my NY Giants play them Cowgirls...I mean Cowboys tonight.
Today was a better day... I feel kinda weird because this hot guy that sits in front of me in English asked me to scratch his back and I
WHY JUST ONE??? lol JK “: FREE CONE DAY is good for one scoop of ice cream in a cup or sugar cone. #hdfreecone”
No Answer!
I'll re-read what I send to everyone and I'd be like, "Fuck, I forgot to put the day and time!" It's like I'm an old woman.
Just gunna skip my last week of school
I miss you too, gorgeous
This is weird... I'm not doing homework in drama!
Just started 's book last night and I'm obsessed. Fave story so far is her "falling" off the diving board. Perfect xmas gift!
When are they going to make computer screens that don't give you a headache after staring at them for so long?
I am really losing my patience with stupid people. Especially stupid people who actually think they are smart. WTFE!!!
just had one myself homie!!!! Holla at ya boi fam. We need to kick it!!!
Thanks dear. It's just getting worse, I feel like. That place we went to on Sat I told you about, I made a total ass of myself
Mom's are the shit.
are u kidding ull take me to plainfield?!
Not a fan of the #Texans but ALWAYS a fan of the #Ravens D getting beat like a rented mule.
no. The issue in that particular story, it was black on white...if the opposite were true, the cries of racism would be deafening.
Getting ready 4 outdoor hockey between uw & michigan
I went ahead and purchased it - should be a fun night :-)
Watching red carpet for the Grammy awards.
ironic that my iPhone won't make or receive calls so all my work calls are being done via rotary kitchen phone. Finger hurts from spinning
Chiropractor tomorrow
u aint lying bt there are sum ugly people up. In here
cz trying not to love you, only makes me love you MORE! -yea.. I'm singing while tweeting
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! I loves you :]
The is back with tomorrow (1/11) w/ host feat. Barry Waldrep, + more!
So I'm not the only fan in FL!!!!!! Hello #awesomeness :)
I just now saw this .
I wanna cry we had that one #game7 sounds like our bag
Delonte carter was pretty good too. We should get LaMichael James, he was a good receiver as well
Dinner Saturday night; reheated bibimbap eaten at desk.
shit that wasn't in proper request form. Would you care to guess how fat Rosanne's cunt is?
about to see the shit out of THE AVENGERS
Check out the luxury gift basket promo on the diamond dezign ideas website!
so. Much. Fun. I love mcdonalds!!;)
For Rosh Hashana usually make a vanilla honey icing - Made these streusel topped challah rolls for a special shalosh seudos.
There were some pretty good quotes today during the ACTE Region V sessions. My favorite "You can Google knowledge, but not skills."
Sky High with and Johnny Hale. :)
"how do you constantly create the new? It's tacit; becoming increasingly important."
shout out to thanks for the LIVE interview today!
are you tweeting from class. pay attention.
I want a speedway slushie!
It's Tiki-Tuesday at "The Mad"...Come explore all things RUM!!!
I know, where you been hiding?seen Eddie lately?RT : nothin much. How u been? Long time no speak.
I know I'm the one
Amen:The Sox collapse is inexcusable, but not nearly as inexcusable as their delusional fans calling for people to get fired
I'm really glad I didn't impulse-buy GameCenter tonight to watch
anything to do with the ackroyd candy great outdoors movie?
Looks like it's gonna be a multiple cups of coffee kinda day ;)
Never give up. If it's meant to be it will.
just call when you can. I'm around.
"Evolving" views on gay marriage? Jokes on you, Mr. President! The people opposed to gay marriage don't believe in evolution either.
Automation only becomes mechanical and awkward when we're over thinking things. Get outta your head and flow, yo!
Remember when Josh was fat?
