This "don't trust the b**ch in apt 23" is a stupid show. Too bad since its in a great time slot behind modern family
41SB past Holy Hill Rd blocked due to rollover accident, Get off at Holy Hill. Traffic Trouble Alert from Home Loans from
Fantastic! How will you be spending your time in Scottsdale (other than with beers and bobcats)?
In a shocking turn of events: a teenager has chosen to listen to the opinions of his friends over those of adults.
one walker(irving) is scoreless for the Gators. Don't be the second. With us or againist us.
nice :) how was he?
I'm a basketball junkie.
haha, surprisingly not as much as it should have been. He was too cute...plus his parents had a pretty close watch on him
Because Someone Drove An SUV To The Store, Reese's Pieces Will Disappear
Hell, I don't know. It's been odd and stressful. But it's going well now.
good for you! I used to love running.....who knows, maybe someday I will love it again...
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
I need a new matress.
Nice reminder tweet. Why not tweet with a cause? Post or retweet a tiding/recipe/song/memory of holiday joy at
Great talking to you Chelsey! I'll be in touch asap :>
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface.
I'm yours on Tuesday! ;-)
map through relationships - but people are part of multiple social graphs - need to know to which you're relevant
Potential band name #43 Tramps on Retainer
Follow my tweets! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;)
Way to go Atlanta!
see ya
RT Put up some nice photos of your hometown in your room. Write a diary about your hometown. This is such a lovely & simple idea!
it's froyo
happy early birthday!!
hi megan
What's happening Cleveland Park?
Throwing in the towel
omg i effin' love your icon! aaahhh i want to marry him!!
GOODNIGHT PEOPLE, FINALLY HM & IN BED!!!!
Stella has been recovered. Thanks everyone for your support. What a great community.
Destruction of speed cameras is only slightly less unfunny than irresponsible driving that makes them necessary. Slow down, don't be an ass!
: Cover art for CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED looks as if GATE AT THE STAIRS married YOU KNOW WHEN THE MEN ARE GONE.
Hey bro!
#fosterthepeople are even worse.
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
Thanks so much! I hadn't seen it!
now that's funny.
I guess both. And do you have a link to your article? Don't know if I ever read it. :)
Leave it lying and do something more important.
Bring these Wednesday?
Might be? That ship has long since sailed...
thanks for the follow. hope you had a beautiful 1 !
Version 1.5 of iKidNY was just released! Download yours now and please post a review! www.ikidny.com
Most awesome ArenaCross Races/MonsterTruckRalley/Quad Flip Contest. Everyone in El Paso must go tomorrow night. It is definetely fun.
RT : Black-Scholes just rocked my brain...time for a board room simulation in Power and Influence
Thought of the Day: Jesus stood out! He didn't do it the way the other priest did it! Some rejected but many followed Him! Be U! #Winning!
I remember we would cut up her towels to make more dress up wardrobe and costumes! Haha
Hold material goods and wealth on a flat palm and not in a clenched fist. -Alistair Begg
Great workout and even managed 1500 yards of swimming after lifting
hi I followed u. Hope u will follow back :)
why is her twitpic a picture of the excorsist ?
Baking a cake for my mommy to make her smile tomorrow.
Thanks so much Patty! :) Miss you!
Najeal McMillian of West Allis Central and Jalen Currie of Milw. Riverside will attend Kirkwood Community College in Iowa.
My cat yesterday walked on a drying prepped sheet, left paw prints and then tracked one on the piano. Was going to re-gesso then...
I'm one
can't believe it's September already... That means it's soccer season! =) Stay fit people!
The Simply Gorgeous 5-Product Makeup Look For the DIY Bride
woo GO #LOBOS!
Absolutely could not be more excited to see with and tonight!
.. And if that means cutting off a couple set backs, then so be it!
Know of good spots for Zipcars to live in Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom, or Connecticut North? Tell us about 'em!
are you cheering for the Spurs or just all the Bobcats still in the playoffs
Today, in the back room they were embalming a body. Guess who stayed in front?
dudes can't tweef cuz, only chicks be tweefin.
aight aight haha, you know i was playing anyways. But i got TS4 withdrawal, so u better get back soon lol.
one for 10 they pretty big tho
Equal value for Dwight Howard? Never! However Kevin Love, a few role players and a couple of first round draft picks for Howard close enough
Very cool! Guess that somehow makes us family :)
Roadtrip to nashville!
At Captain d's for the 2nd time since i have been on twitter :') its beautiful!!
Just saw an obese woman in a wheelchair rolling backwards down the sidewalk.....yup.
making rhubarb juice and it smells so good. How was PT?
Just finished the hardest semester of education I've ever endured. Lord, please bless my GPA.
This dude done inbox me talking about he wanna get with me.
Hey all! We miss u guys! It's sure been awhile! Anyway, tks for all the follow! Luv u guys!
im gunna ask my parents tomorrow morning.. Dude that sucks que no te dejaron ir..
Here in the club, everybody knows my name tonight.
Stoked to see the new singer!
aside from counting my money lol just chilling. Working on some edits.
We had a minor earthquake last night? Didn't even notice it!!
Are you leading your customers or are your customers leading you?
When You Let Go Of Something That You Want To Keep. God Will Let Go Of Something That He Wants To Give.
I'm not done with the first 5 things u told me to do... calm the fuck down
The lucky few have been emailing us about the nano for months!! Looks like people are hungry for a waterproof nano
Theory I cannot prove 1: sitting at bar w/man who looks a lot like Vincent D'Onofrio even stranger than sitting at bar w/ Vincent D'Onofrio.
Anytime. Did you guys give out the remaining Cubs and Sox tickets?
I'm sorry man I couldn't lol
I'm too hungry to care, regardless of whether or not I actually know (pretty sure I don't). Now for some taffy!
Looking forward to you adding some great local NYC places to the mix and sharing your experiences.
@ Taiwan Cafe, enjoying surprisingly authentic Taiwanese cusine
you know how much longer its going to be on
Looking forward to being there this Saturday!!!!!
Good Tuesday morning to you Trisha- enjoy this Tuesday!
I think I'm done with the whole internet thing. Now what?
can we bring it on here ;D lmao
In future, I will try not to moan about hassle of grocery shopping.
i feel so close to you <3
sad ain't it?
I guess anything can happen n the playoffs...
what's up ladies :)
Or go back to bed idk.
I am not a drunky! haha
Good point. Lol
Whenever it is, make sure you're ready by getting your legs smooth ;)
Welcome K&L Services to the RelyLocal family! Local landscaping! Stay tuned for details.
Art direction is probably my best chance of getting to the #oscars at this rate.
I need more days in November. Perhaps between Wednesday and Thursday? Just one half-day perhaps...?
Thanks for the heads up...this should be fixed
Ha! I wouldn't say BIG fan, but I definitely am one! Thing is though, I haven't even thought about TNG in ages!
People on Fox are the only people in the world who want more of Fred Armisen's Obama impression.
Life is a thrill if ya know what your doin best to know what your doin before your life gets ruined
Naked Harry. Omg love that this is trending
Cover up them grays girl!
We're probably gettin signed soon. yay!
Me= flipping out because i really want to skype Austin but he wont even accept my request because he has like a billion already probs.....
well I'm meant to do piano practice on Sundays...but today is a strictly Andy day
Thanks for coming to our announcement!
hmm.. heard a commercial on pandora for the first time today. either I've never noticed or they are new.
Posterity -- you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. -J Adams
Your headline? Unintended consequence of composting/every other day garbage pickup in pdx-dirty diapers in recycling. 11pm
No problem sending out the post. Great organization - I admire what you guys do.
Your being the hugest tease!! RT : If you guys wanna hear me scream then retweet this.............
Hoping that this rumor is just that.....
Here I go again: cue the music, prepare the palettes...it's time to get
"plant-based", huh? Strychnine is also plant-based. Think I'll pass. :-)
hope u wear your butt out on that slide today!
Fuck up and coming I'm coming up
Happy Margarita Day Boston!!! :)
Anyone know who's supporting tonight? ☺
Thanks for the follow (: 👍
5 more minutes !!!! Thank God
#supportlocalmusic More local bands today. requests in the chat-room.
Spring is in the air.
RT : RT : If #pepperspray pep is "essentially a food product" should volunteer to be sprayed on air....
lol! That is good too! I think I guessed correctly...
THANKS and enjoy!!! “: Celebrating with at our holiday party, thanks (@ COA Restaurant w/ )
Going to enjoy the next couple of days.
The person who has truly loved you is the only one who has the strength to accept your mistakes and forgive you.
How do you see the Ravens? One week they are world beaters and the next week they can't even get a 1st down.
a few more minutes
LAST CALL to RSVP for "Cappy's Travel Carnival"- with Tomorrow! Don't miss out on great prizes & networking opportunities!
Thank You!
At least we're in it together.
Mrs. Harriet R. Egan, I received your letter and I read it at the meeting of egg people the other day. [1944]
good luck.
Bout To Just Live My Life, This Is All Young && Quite Frankly I'm Tired Of It, I Deserve Someone Who Will Fight For Us , && Not Give Up .
so finna leave me , yo ass better be bck !
Having sex doesnt make u grown shooting guns doent make u a thug and selling drugs doent mean u have a job
NO!!! Foodscapes is closing!! Oh the horror! :(
Enjoying two unscheduled hours and the toasty space heater in my office, while I learn the joy and perils of Excel pivot tables. Fun fun!
Right! The show centered around them. I don't understand why they would let them go. Just cancel the show.
OH at : "Man that shoot was awesome! It was like a freaking Busta Rhymes video.."
Headed to photograph at the Fitness America contest in Vegas tomorrow
Big ups to our DJ, DJ Amenzo !!! Now, gets some sleep people. I promise you we all have a crazy weekend ahead of us!
I love having my own income so i can do as i please
Q: What do you call a male quartet?A: Three men and a tenor.
OMG, I know all 3 of you. This is getting ridiculous.
RT Fuckkk I want ta go to
If I mix coffee with ice cream, will I magically get a frappuccino? Please?
Come to UK and hang banner
#TheFinder cracks me up... 😝 .. I'm hungry.
Some head right now >>>>>>
the okay symbol is already offensive in some parts of Europe!
An early recognition of a disease is only possible through diagnostic tests. Ask us how we can help your pet being healthy!
So I move heaven and earth to get to a doctor appointment today, and the doctor cancels on me. Urgh.
Off to Tour of Elk Grove today. Two big races this weekend.
Justin Patchin discussing cyberbullying at the Digital Citizenship Symposium.
Kindergarteners & 1st graders give the BEST compliments!
And to prowl for that 🐱 RT : Aurora farms with the g in a bit. See what that finish line has in store
I have court tomorrow, whoops.
Haha! RT : RT : #iDontUnderstandWhy Facebook doesn't have "In A Long Distance Disaster" as a relationship status.
I don't really like eggplant.
don't give me that face...I'm never mean to you
So excited to get my Angryblue "a storm is coming" print, Donnie Darko is amazing!
love ur hair!(:
Hahaha! He was like "You're dead Maddi!!" He said it in a funny way :P He was laughing! It was so funny!! We did it (Cont)
See I've been waitin all day for you to call me baby.
me too! :O
If a man does only what is required of him, he is a slave. If a man does more than is required of him, he is a free man. – Chinese Proverb
Tears of joy that his kid will never have to listen to it.
Excellent suggestion. ;-)
Good Morning :-)
Which means I might not have to endure any more crippled jokes!
Paterno *fired* as head coach! PSU Pres also out.
@ @ Give me a cool NEW username
If you haven't tried a juice cleanse before, you should! It's nice and smooth with little cravings of food here and there!
Captain Boomerang has to be the dumbest villain ever conceived. Poor Flash, his rogues' gallery sucks.
#NationalLicoriceDay tomorrow! Can't wait to celebrate!!
Cash rules everything around me..CREAM.. Get money... Dollar Dollar bills yall...
DBS and Bow Wow Wow on the same stage tomorrow night at The Brixton? Yup, it's happenin. On at 8pm. FREE if you say DIVE BAR STICKUP!
Culture vs. strategy in the workplace, interesting debate. Call me naive, I still think culture is the better determinant for success
Another face mask penalty, otherwise it'd be Ducks ball. Big time third down for the Buckeyes.
Gotta get the #vision of #GOD!!
I'm wondering if any school districts are using powerschool studio edition. What do you think of it?
I really want to play soccer right now
hey were a high school singing group from the #BAYAREA please follow us we need your
yeah it is! sorry:((
8 days later, 2 blown off appointments with no call, 12 phone calls, almost 3hrs on the phone.denied a credit on my bill.yes
Oh my gosh, it totally is!
haha! I'm also a sucker for action flicks so I'm easy prey.
time for the funniest show on television:
Yikes, the Time Mag image can't stop, won't stop. Have now seen it in 9 different places. Just realized little boy is wearing army pants :(
I kid, I kid. Finley drops one pass, and the entire world is against him. I think that's the first pass he's ever dropped.
Watching girls fight on Twitter because it's taking up almost my entire Feed. Take it to the RL!
or if they picked him up AND THEN retaliated while he was pitching
the next few retweets will be soley for my own ego stroking....
i meant to type create** derp.
meaning that the inn at ccn is full of the mothers hitting on younger guys. Lol
wow...Julio Jones...just wow. Gonna have to rethink Colston and Bowe being locks I guess.
don't tease bitch...strip tease bitch...eat a bowl o' deez....bicth gobble a dick
Rep Berceau talking about the legislative 'blue book' --- key to persuasive meeting is know your audience.
Will look forward to seeing you there! Mahalo.
RIP Dick Clark
Scored a table at Ludobites 8, confirmed via link, got a confirmation screen, but no follow up email as promised... are we ok?
Holy cow, there it is on the TV machine! Blitz!
I hate that kid so much
@ my twitter name so I know its real !
members only feed stopped worked on my podcaster app. Did something change and i missed the email?
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow my bed would be a lot more comfortable <3
Thanks to the great musicians who support Poised Creation!
I can't believe this is real. So many judgments ... just wait until someone tells this guy about Wilco!
Everyone Follow Us Please
I did what you always tell us to do I went to the hospital thinking I had to go in to surgery but #staystrong was my goal :)
Thanks James. But I'm not going anywhere will still bug u & ! Sushi calls!
what if you ARE someone else tho? RT : RT : Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
": If you hate the lakers don't tweet me keep it to your self!!it an't over frog face mf !thTs a implant team!!"
Long hair don't care I whip it every were
Happy New Year
Hamels wasnt suspended for hitting Brycie-poo, he was suspended for admitting it. Which is why Zimmerman wasnt suspended for hitting Hamels.
Worse luck
. food desserts > food deserts (bet the talk is fascinating!)
sorry...just saw this...heading back for drinks soon
Its too hot for me to go to sleep -__-
I probably won't live past 30, I do to many drugs.
I am looking forward to overdosing on orange juice today.
Seriously just watched an old lady cross the street
Diddy hit it on the head. I'd buy that record. Colton on
Because at one point everything u did was exactly wat u wanted
You were great. Look forward to having you back!
Are you ready for your big day? Don't forget to stretch and consider carbo-loading. Don't want to cramp up.
Noticing = babystep to
If you want to make just a bit more money then this is the link for you.The online surveying is how I got the cash i needed here is the link
Here's a question...why are them jive ass turkeys bsn with the got darn job?????
do you go to sleep away camp in the summer?
“ What's the difference between the 4 & the 4s ???”<<<<< 4a has Siri and the 4 doesn't and the camera is better
Oh nice! Had no idea
American Nietzsche:A History of an Icon and his Ideas by Jennifer Ratner-Rosenhagen
Spent the AM touring & the PM serving kids in crisis shelter. Now the team is journaling on some sections of Deuteronomy.
This is absolutely contagious !! Just sent 2 surprise pep emails. I've got a couple more peps to do today!
I'm really terrified of this final
So glad it's Friday!
Your decription is nice. and ill promo you. ill tell them it's my nudes.
u're pretty
": Dayum I see u baby!" That guy was a fucking creeper
Lol shut up. Where have you been at!?
One me and #oomf will have better conversations wit one another I really have faith n us
Huntsman: Students should conceive how they want to change the world
Unwrapped $30k in lights today. Very, very carefully.
you guys let me know what works best for you #smacsrit (typically early mornings for me)
Hello Izumi! Nice to meet you.
No!!! I am extremely excited for the buffet!
Barack Obama did not evolve on gay marriage because there's no such thing as evolution. His position was created in 6 days.
Should've made breakfast instead of laying in bed an extra half hour
I know!
watch it online bro
UW Credit Union now charging $5 fee for overdraft from reserve line of credit. Time to find a new bank.
The greatest single loss in Navy Seal history happened 6 years ago today when 19 seals lost their lives! Never forget
do you have an 2012 playlist that i could listen to? (i am a subscriber.)
summer is scary close. i needa work out.
kk i did then
thanks for the RT, Dev. Not a huge fan of Dmitri's humor, but that sketch nails it.
When you're in a slump, it's almost as if you look out at the field and it's one big glove. ~Vance Law
There is no "I" in team...just like there is no "D" in San Antonio...
If I see something about ambition one more goddamn time, I'm gonna find Wale, and punch him dead in the face! Vaginal ass album!
she was like Marquis stop only coming into my class to flirt with nicole and I just started laughing and said can I get candy?
They got the heat they got the heat Mavs got the heat!!!
Big road win tonight at UALR we r so proud of our ladies! Tcu this Thursday at SMU @ 7. Come out n show ur support :-)
She just don't know. Smh
calm down
I guess I don't understand produce!
most bruins fans who listen to you started paying attention last year so that's why they'd put Canucks as #1 rival
thanks for confirming your instagram :p hahha
Woo hoo!!! Sent back a DM!
New gmail, you are decreasing my productivity.
it was awesome! Thank you so much for everything! Can't wait to see what part 2 brings :)
Crush Restaurant in Belvedere Square lost its Liq. Lic. How do you do that????
I just want to get money and make someone smile from time 2 time
The very funny & talented will be on the show TOMORROW discussing "Fatherhood - A Personal Responsibility" at 11 AM CST!
Ears still ringing
I don't care for vampires
Did you know Samplesaint mobile scan-able coupons have the potential to save more than 17,130,000 trees annually?
Awesome! Look forward to hearing from you.
just tried your "Kale Festa Soup" from your new soup cookbook...one word YUMM!
I can't even begin to describe how happy I will be as soon as these last 2 papers are written..
#neara11 is underway!
I might just go to sleep early....
Double sided fact sheet that outlines the issue. Outlines problems, solution, statistics, etc.
i post my diary on twitter
Looking for an internship - the Original Cream Puff Bakers have an internship position available. Contact
Super excited...first day cataloging & helping someone navigate a search using Proquest
PickUpLine: You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
:) hey stranger Lol
Never met , Ginnie. The 1st time I saw her was on #CSpan. Might've been taped in
Which location? I'm closest to the Carson Ikea.
1st off I hate wen a bitch act like u gon off her jus cuz yall fucked bitch I only hit u wen I'm horny. yo silly ass think I got feelins smh
not raining here but thunder for the past hour.
Call me crazy, but if your Dr's appt is for 11:50am then you should be able to see the doctor at 11:50am. It's 12:40 and I'm still waiting.
about to head to the doctor.
Excuse me sir, does your Chinese character tattoo mean courage, honor or prosperity? All of the above?
haters gonna hate mahomies gonna love Imma forgive u for all u have said about because we all get jealous sometimes!
So I'm thinking Chicken & Waffles for lunch! Where's the flour? #NDulge!
Mouth runs like over flowing river......constantly..and too much!...stop telling your business and talking about folks!.#yougonelearnoneDAY!
Its over when its over; aint it baby aint it.
ready to get down and only been standing for 1 hour and 10 minutes
have they been rejecting your unemployment? i know they cut it back in GA from 99 weeks to 60 weeks
I don't like you, we not friends, and I don't follow you... Why are you talking to me ?
Who knew that at one time Quinsy was a medical term for tonsillitis and white fever meant pneumonia.
I'm a vegan.
Didn't he try to kiss you?
OH: I don't know what you crazy veg-tetarians eat.
that was a funny video!
Encourage your friends to go so they can earn great #cashback rewards, too!
YAY I CANT WAIT
Going to taste it with TK!
So hungry. >_< I only have 7$ and it's for my drive back home tonight.
Joe Hooker wanted to win last battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed. $2.99 Kindle Amazon
LMFAOOOOO RT This nigga David stern said he gonna start handing out oscars for flopping in the nba
Ditto. Hoping "No news is potentially good news."
These next couple of days are full of editing...end of semester papers...makes me realize that I'm only closer to
I don't like Seattle and Dallas
Gave up on carbonite this morning - after uninstalling my computer runs like a gazelle again.
hallelujah!! God is worthy to be praised!!!
-I'm loving the purple Robin! You are a wonderful inspiration to all women out there! You are beautiful.
was it bloods vs kings vs Serbs? F'n Milwaukee
“: 1 hour away aw shit perfect timing !! #foolietape #fxs #aprilfoolies” - with a track ft. GO GET IT!!
Can't wait to watch BB 11 Finale tonight. I hope Jordan wins!
yea and west is 15 min from me. Tempe is like 20-25 from me. Lol...
A widely- read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely. Hesketh Pearson,
its not working :( and weren't you gonna change your icon like mine?
PLEASE!! I love your work! RT : Aoowwwww!! You make me wanna pull out my materials and create something fabulous!!
too bad I can't afford it
Shoutout to the Alphas and Ques for the cookout today ... Big ass Stroll Outing
Ladies, even if it really is a dress, but looks like a mans biz shirt, should u be wearing it in public???
there's no going back. I think you will find following #isedchat, #edtech and #edchat to be extremely valuable.
im broke. ill have money by then invite you to taco bell lmao.
I think if husby is playing his iPad's "Atomic Farts" app, it's a sign I should turn off Smash.
“: Loving Indy. Weather got colder but spirit is warm.” this weather is a fluke. It's usually much much colder!
What a terrible day in Boston sports.
old navy shoes wearin
Xebec announces first landfill gas upgrading order in China and exclusive distribution agreement
This is gonna be a crazy week for me.
Going to see a movie with :)) Excited!!
I gotta write this in my room lol smh
indeed, I couldn't stop laughing.
It's awesome and inspiring to work with such talented people as I have for our next show. V. Room rehearsals underway and going wonderfully!
Holy Jeebus!! Here we go!
I found out today that my grandmother has diabetes, and today she ask me what was wrong i said nothing. But the truth was it was botheringme
Nobody at Cha Cha tries, at all. Good for you for calling people out.
“: Who's Excited Bout #TheIconicBoyz Being Our Special Guest On The Season Of ABDC7???” LOL YOU RUINED THE "SURPRISE"
Out riding my Harley in the rain today, gotta love this shit. Staying young still having days like when I was a kid. Harley replaced Schwin
Right now only Google+ shows up since it works be default with no extra js needed.
Praying they will stay safe.
big bang theory!
you got a bird now??
that would be funn ! we'd know each other so well by then.
Water shortages a sad but true reality: Use sprinklers during coolest hrs of day/adjust sprinklers to only water grass/install rain sensors
We realized we waited to long for turkey to thaw and we we got to store, so went with the prime rib. Thanks for your input.
The way I feel right now is proof that is wrong about me.
Who took John Travlota up on his offer to have sex? Weirdness up next!
Remember Rohrbachs for all of your summer party or wedding beer needs! Call 585-546-8020 if you have questions regarding retail keg orders!
Seriously, no one wants to hear a countdown till you go broke "7 days to Vegas, 10 till I overdraft buying groceries"
thinking of all the outdated community plans and the problems they cause
lazy consensus - social contract - if you can't be bothered to say yes or no, you don't care - so we're not waiting for you.
Share univ. courses? Why not share the same sports teams, marching bands, newspapers, and mission statements too?
If you wife says she is going to a speed dating to "support a friend" you might be in trouble.Get a professional www.mwishartpi.com
Listen to those who have already achieved, and think that we can do likewise
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I don't want to be divorced...like everyone else.
Life is beautiful!
reading all day. blehhh. shoot me?!
I guess. Why you cheating tho? Lol
Thanks for the follow ! I hope to see you at my house sometime soon!
I hate when my shit don't work. Dumb ass apps
if you're tired of starting over, stop giving up
Flirting with your ex girlfriends mom >>>>>>>>>>>>
Looking for a healthier version of a family favorite? Sub 1of 29 lean cuts of #beef & look for whole-grains to give u that feelgood feeling
Andy is back!!! Hope he has a great game!!
how much snow is at Rutgers? Is it snowing now or just cold and wet?
I know. he definitely should've made some more plays in that game.
First tweet. Boom!
Bravo!! Great job singing.
Totally energized today! Glasper's Black Radio topping my Saturday Soundtrack - AGAIN.
i follow EVERYONE back!! RT THIS??
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN make this this a new trending topic!!
I'm all 4 laws that help prevent child sexual assault but laws are only as good as the people who enforce them. TALK to and EDUCATE ur kids.
oh, and that attached pic was an accident, Blackberry sucks
When are you in NYC?
OMG drew!!!! just saw how You proposed!! AMAZING! You guys are made for each other! Is going to be the best man?
Our 1st #EducationExpress orientation is today! We're excited to have many dedicated volunteers coming to learn how to help children excel.
watching...show...now! have a great weekend!
Happy Friday & thanks for following!
Enjoying music :)
People need to re evaulate their life if they have to take off work just to play a game lol.
Yahoo Domains have always worked well for me.
I love waking up to sweet messages, more than anything. They don't even have to be long, just thoughtful.
you're still my favorite player but please never do that again WE NEED U
hahahaha good job babe
thanks Sara, this is very less than squeaky!
Why is it I'm laying here in bed wide awake listening to the same song and thinking the exact thoughts I did 4 years ago...
followed :D
SOON baby so we can go to Denver Dinner lmao ": " " HaHa Loves you to, chica bonita. Come back!"
oh! okay well that's certainly good news, maybe i need to reread :P
OMG! on the #KCAs they totally rocked!! And solo was amazing!
Home in the rain and storm. It feels good.
GREAT questions: MT : Do visitors to the bricks&mortar museum want 3 interact w/ staff on SM? B/d/a visit?
It came out a while ago! I had *lots* of feelings about that one, will be happy to discuss when you read it.
Come on down and sing for Yr supper. Well, not supper really, a free 12 oz drink. #openmic #Belltown RadioBedlam starts around 7pm
Great point: RT : That style of hashtagging is a form of metadata generation.
What you mean you weren't feeling it? I bet it was crackin
Day 1 of my #whole30; I will slay my sugar dragon! I'm already having cravings. Blah.
Playing Poplar Playhouse Sun, April 8th, 4pm w vocalist Whitney James. being recorded by KCSM's "In The Moment"
New company blog successfully set up-internal only, for sharing little updates. My 3th company to embrace it. They're already using it!
Why have I not seen you yet?? :) “: LOVING all the local touches and fun facts at #prsawdc! Facts, when combined w/ideas..
Here are some perfect examples of what happens when you are "on the right track" but don't follow up and follow through:...
the countdown for the snow to show up has started...stay warm and dry my peeps ;)
I did it what else??
This nigga has a big soul patch lmfao. This shit is hilarious. I can't stop laughing at him.
how have things been???
you just keep finding me,) J.A
A lot of our children walk into school with "education" being the least important thing in their minds because of their poverty situation.
how much do you pay for your retirement? and how much is your monthly premium? again, seems like we have a healthcare crisis.
#saa11 Sherri Berger "uncovering California's Environmental Collections"
-Dirty Player! :D
I understand--I think I first thought about it in the shower. And then I decided against it waiting in line for a rush seat.
#WhitneyHouston 's last performance was singing "Jesus Loves Me" with Kelly Price. That says it all
thanks, #audigitalhistory, for the Twitter addiction
#itsalwaystheuglypeople who stalk you at the club
Great PJ Party tonight! Ask me about the Time WIse Night Restore & Recover Complex!
it meant jacob. not u babe!
I swear me and are up at different times and she just likes to tweet me when i'm going to bed.
wait wait BOOOOBIES!
My first caffeine free day in more than two years, you are a hard thing to give up my friend.
My mom told me that Dr.Oz says I need to give up coffee n' alcohol to keep my figure and for her figure she needs to give up veggies.
I don't have a link. They shown it the last two days after the stories go off. It was like 6 officers stomping a 15yr old
Project X with the babe I love her 
what, after 40?
Thanks for the follow.
sad day!
#EBUS118 There is no task on this one. I will slow down to give you 10 minutes between tasks and to allow you to catch up.
it's the #LoisLane effect.
that's when you open your bible & pray..can't let negative thoughts control you..
very well played
and if it's the sane guy it won't be different- but you already have what you need...!
Motivate - Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
We don't have a video feature built out yet, so an admin has to switch the html from filtered to unfiltered.Video is up now. Thanks!
how im crazyy
Being single gets boring :/
You should be craving Delivermefood.com
For how much I hated u, I don't hate u anymore, u got balls kid keep up them tracks
Treadmill - 24 minutes to start my day. Body moving. Brain will follow! If only I could do this every day. Must try harder!
So yesterday we stayed up till 3am talking. And today you ignore me? #luckyme. 😥
what's wrong:(
Tweet me questions!
is pretty excited! My LLC went through.
i gotta shower&get ready....
This inning is stupid.
Completely agree! RE: Article should be called "10 Ways to Start Your Day Badly" .
Amen Todd, it's difficult to watch without wanting to gouge my eyes out and rip my ears off
please tell me you ordered a gazillion copies of PARIS, I LOVE YOU BUT... by (Staff pick card goes inside!)
#SarahMichelleGellar and my wife are pregnant at the same time. Who saw that coming?
yes yes yes!!! amen to that my brother! see ya soon?
Love is a journey not a destination. Heaven is another name of love.
haha it doesn't fit, keeps falling off
So weird, Scrolling down my cousins instagram and I find a picture of my friend? The way people find people through technolgy is strange.
if you see jack Daniels please do the same
Have to wear flipflops til I get my pumas back :C
aww. Tyler is so cute ^.^ lol. squeak squeak.
Kirk Franklin's rap on lovely day <<<<<<<<<<
see you at the end of this week homie!
This week made me exhausted
I dub your mullet.. Child abuse. Its that jacked up!
don't break the first 2 rules of Fight Club. :)
Haha- thought I was a real person until u questioned it...now I'm thinking I might be a robot after all. Can I get back to u on it?
miss you!
ahem. I'm assuming my invite and ticket got lost in the mail?
get you're mom to pick you up
Mrs. YMKD herself is currently in the beautiful island of JA!!!
The change you are looking for, only exists if you want it.
ill quote some of his recent singing later today
I was only there for a few hours, but it was still pretty freaking amazing <3
Shout out to Double Flush, Brandon Miles, Girlz Gone Wild :) last night. That was truely one for the books at LoCash! JC
I asked me to look at her landscaping today & she saw my eyes light up. You should have called me :)
YOU need to follow me.<3
I hope you like karaoke ! You just won $50 to ! (can I go with?!)
1 day until home
May 24 - June 9 See Bobby Gould in Hell.
Almost every dog we've had has been a pound puppy, but the best dog I ever knew was a carefully-bred corgi.
I have 10.2K but that'a because I talk a lot. And also tweet you a lot. Haha!
Yep. I know. Just doing what I can to keep reminding myself that he's not terrible at everything.
Please... let's set a date! We are in now. Would love for you to see the space and hear all about
Pushed through the wind for a 4 miler through South Philly/Old City
How about doing a chocolate tour?
RT : Excited for my hot date with Ira Glass tonight
let's plan a day now to celebrate Lindsay's birthday by drinking way too much tequila while it's sunny.
hmm nothing out of the extraordinary.. we shall practice on the weekend :P
san diego is such a beautiful place to visit, and the people are kind, and warm. love love love me some san diego:-)
uh oh, doesn't sound good! What about for EnvisionWare?
what thinks about the duke-ohst game is irrelevant since he didn't go to college
Hello people!!
Thanks for the +K!
New tea on our menu! Unsmoked Lapsang Souchong—A handmade tea that's rich & fulfilling w/ a very subtle smokiness from the roasting process.
Rough first inning for Yumanji, but it's understandable since it was against the Marine...I'm starting to worry.
FOLLOWED AL
it's terrible when out in the son !
wow, our text poll results are in. i am surprised by it. we wanted to know if you supported pres obama's support of same sex marriage.
Totally agree!! RT : The play-by-play of what took place in The Situation Room is fascinating
glad to hear it!
So awesome is the coolest way to throw an event or party on twitter! Loving this invite I just got!! 2 thumbs up
At work helping these lovely children :)!!
Why didn't ABC's Brian Williams cover the Weinergate scandal?
Good Morning!
Drop it like its hawttt:)
Love this show... so pumped! RT : New #Revenge tonight! I must be home in time. Where is Amanda? Anyone?
In progress. Let me get back to you on that! RT : Congratulations! Do you have arrangements for video yet?
Recording My Final Version of Rehab this weekend! & The Video Promo Shoot for Rehab will be shot all over L.A to get ready for the release!
Make sure to file your Tax return electronicly and NOT by mail. The govt is shuting down the IRS building from budget cuts.
Yeah, meant Andino since technically Davis was up.
thx for the RT thx for sharing my enewsletter last week; appreciate u both :) TGIF
I'll be rockin Suede tonight so make sure you come out its def going to get crazy!
you could always access the .pdf on the cd and print those out?
#NeverShouldYouEver think its cool to smoke weed and drink alcohol they mess up your life
Yeah cardinals! Getting really excited to go to the game Friday ! ⚾⚾
good watching NSN
just went through the list and it appears Twitter has been randomly unfollowing people for me again. PLEASE fix this!
Traveling to Pensacola FL tomorrow for the Jazz Festival....
To all you people who say thatnobody cares about you, and nobody loves you, someone thought you were to die for.
Porn messes up ya reality of sex too b honest....
dont lose ur best friend over some guy/girl
Couldn't agree more on that one! BIG TIME. Where are the VOLUNTARY resources for people who want out of the business?
ok baby(: I can't wait!! I hope it's only 2hrs
Working every weekend now to get things ready for Graphics of the Americas, Feb. 26-28 in Miami Beach. It's gonna be great! Don't miss it.
In opening keynote Raleigh planning dir notes he meets annually w/his 3 predecessors, to get on same page inspiring public.
Ateamo is rolling out some updates today. You may experience some issues while this process is completed.
tweet my other account cuz I didn't mean to use this one... My phone app sucks
Only the remix
Reporter Mitch Pittman is on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning. He's getting to see how much fun we are... and learn the true meaning of 'early.'
I could fall in love. I could fall in love, with you... Baby. I could fall in love, with you....
Just saw a promo for a show on A&E called "Killer Kids."
The solution guide for the accounting final review said "15+2=15" and it also said "15/4=4.75" Neither of which were correct.
practice spaces, drum cases, and sushi
Does anyone know what the first soda pop drank in outer space was?
im not reading any of ur reviews cause ur a week late. When u think about it, its ur fault not mine :P
If you have any free seats left for the 5/2 seminar, will you let me know? I'd be interested. Thnx.
Hopefully getting my license TODAY! A little overdue (like eight months...) but FINALLY! I better pass...
tell your friends to get with our friends so we can be friends!
happy birthday!!
So glad our President is cracking down after he finished his vacation.
RT : I think if anyone's gonna it'll be rams they have the firepower the jets will have to give to much to get him dont see it
Romney looks more like front-runner headed into Feb. 7 primaries - Washington Post
Im on time to class!
RT Listening to the musicians rehearse for ACM's high school workshop concert tonight. Sounding great so far!
you want a carrot? :P
Stop what you're doing and chug some water.
there's still the prevailing sentiment that black is scarier than non-black, and there's really no budging the culture off that point
Pro tip: People get pissed off on the West Coast when you post about the ending of a reality show that just finished in the Midwest. #uw ...
back from lunch, had chinese, will be starving in an hour!!
Thanks for the follow Paul - let us know if we can help you fund any ideas via our site!
Experiencing the nooks and crannies of the J W Marriott: "I feel like an appetizer."
THANK YOU, & for releasing the first 10 minutes of #TeenWolf. Great editing, awesome music, intense moments created! Wow!
just got clarified that its Mexican-American when used as an adjective, not for nouns
Just another productive day!
RT : Four pieces to content management: content, people, process, and technology.
Excellent - all the best in your studies!
Yeah, but night launches are pretty spectacular! :) And there's the part about witnessing history too.
"A man cannot be comfortable spiritually who is in bondage financially." - Richard R. Lyman
my desire to watch it is waning with each and every TV spot.
nice dude! Where you stayin?
"Who hasn't seen the Breakfast Club?" ~ Shawn Spencer,
Hey girl! Paris Davis' niece, hit me back!
We watched "x-cops" last night, that was interesting. :)
i Won contest to go to the bully movie premire omq screaming my ass off CANT BELIEVE IT OMG THANKS YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Dancing in the airport to my first song I did a jazz dance to when I was 9.
Checking out future touch interface thoughts at
Have a Terrific Tuesday! SPREAD LOVE
Ready for some #Buckeye victory
Movement without direction will create a hole in the ground. — Sophia Bedford-Pierce
Excited for the New Year!
Feeling like a proud mama for happy to share the feeling with his actual parents Stephen Wessler and Ellen Freed.
Partying at my boss' tonight.... She better have AC >.<
Smooth all day and smooth all night! 1/2 price bottles of vino from open to close and We Six on stage at 7:30 tonight! All ages, no cover.
ooh yea he is
usher will never get old!
The girl comes back to table after break saying she lost her phone. I immediately tell her I will call it to help. Redneck beside me says
Just experienced the most heart touching performance ever. 2nd row seats to Me'Shell NdegéOcello @ One World Theatre. I have no words....
Thanks for the #ff! It is a pleasure to learn along with you.
let us know if you need a new mattress! We really appreciate the follow and you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
“: iPod on shuffle : next, next, next, next, blah, no, nope, next, no, not, no, next, next, YES! #first40songsonshuffle”
I love my library. They just let me renew my overdue book online! I guess they figure I'll eventually make good on the $1.80 fine. :)
WHO RUN THE WORLD? Squirrels.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
But good morning everyone
I decided I should probably take a day off at some point, first one since I got here
Legal Marketing: relationships are key. People want to do business with other people they like and trust. It takes time so be patient.
Super confused, tuned into a Canadian radio station driving to NY today and they said it was going to be 34 degrees... They use celcius lol
Happy Birthday Sweetie! Enjoy your day!
Ain't gon hurt nobody.We just dancin baby!
loves that we're hyde'ing!
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
I had to, I couldn't stop myself, I had to say it, yah know? I need to feel loved ): hahaha
haha yikes.... Awkward.
is an absolute moron
thx jeffie :) yes, finishing upright is an accomplishment today...many didn't!
Something to think about...If the Government Controls Healthcare...it owns your future! This scares me!
heck no don't take it down. :) I love seeing it shared. Makes me happy. More its shared, more shirts I sell. More ADDers open up.
After a dyslexic moment, I said, "dyxlesia is awesome"
Kenzie is the best in all the lands!
Dude what a coincidence, I just spilled sauce on my shorts! Good thing I have Tide to go at all times.
Any clue on when makes his decision?? What are you hearing about the visit?? We need him!
Matt Ryan will win MVP this year.
Bout to finalize my packing...
wait... they named the 59th Street Bridge after Koch?!
what do you keep in yours? lol
My little sister is hoggin my bestfriend. Dude wtf.
cant i get a follow, i love your songs. And i like your style. Jaja. :-) :D
Hi thanks for the rt yesterday. Our rain was soothing and gentle.
#RIPBRITNEYFAN Daniel Zamudio. Sending prayers to you and your family. It's a very heart-breaking story. :(
Hail Mary time. Lame
Does anyone know a mirror/glass company who can cut and turn around a project in 24 hours?
In Justin Bieber's new song, apparently he raps in a husky smooth man voice... WTFF??????? (tht is just g)
To make a reservation or if you have questions call us at 347-587-8667
What happened homie? I'm ready to ride on these punk ass suckas. #OaklandBoss Who jacked you?
#Youshouldbeashamedif You have never heard of So check us out! You wont regret it!! Help us get followers!
ucla tomorrow! overnight stay #razaday :D woo meet some cuties?!
March 25th is my next workshop! Feeding Healthy Athletes for the Parents while the kids take a self-defense class! Stay Tuned!
Drink on you and high on summertime 💙💜
Pwease? Ha! No, it's seriously bad (modern mens' fashion)
we going to a rooftop party
John Gomperts CEO of Americas Promise All Corps member graduation. Jumpstart invaluable service to the community. Thank you!
Just booked a feature film "INDELIBLE" shooting begins tomorrow morning 9am!
Well, there goes my chemistry grade.....
I love the Drive By song by :)) !
He is hard at work for the people without a voice.
Most spiritual practitioners employ religion for mere worldly gains. Use religious means to serve their personal ends.
WE would like to remind everyone to please give this this holiday season! Give to your Church, give to foundations, give to anyone in need!
What's better? This night of great sports or that Albert Pujols has 4 RBIs this season. (cc: , , )
Worst part of spring is being next to a teenager in traffic while your windows down & hearing Skrillex being blasted from their mothers car.
Today a six year-old boy explained to me how he discovered a shooting victim in his neighbor's yard.
merp. just chilling. its so hot in my house i'm like roasting rofl
Tomorrow is gonna be a long day...
I love how ridiculous this game is every year…
The sun is searing my tender Irish flesh! Rain please buddy? Soon?
My teacher said I was ballsy ._.
Have fun in Dublin and London!
“: I am now influential about beer on #klout. Do I have and to thank for that?” u sure do &
Listening to "The Mummer's Dance" on Pandora Radio right now
Has anyone at neu taken business turnarounds with Platt? Trying to figure out the midterm format
#imaslacker QOW "I could not have made it this far had there not been angels along the way" Della Reese
": Watching the videos of Groove Dance Class I'm completely addicted!" -- we love it! :) thanks for watching!
Now using twhirl for mac for tweets - any comments on this twitter client?
what good i'm a big fan of X and Ja would love yo hear that calbo when ja gets out
Congratulations to Jonathan Green for receiving the 2011 Citizen Support of Our Armed Forces Award!
So far so good! Had a great show last night and another one Monday!
Pls encourage them to submit their essays to us--we'd love to read them! RT: Touched by hearing "this I believe" statements....
I'm in a really weird mood..
I'd go with black pants and nice shirt....or a black skirt. And then heels...but not going out heels haha
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
what a list! I hope you have a great day!
I feel so bad for the person who just got pulled over in sheetz
ngl, i think i'm a little tipsy. #yolo?
So posted a picture that reminded her of me but I can't see it since my phone isn't able to. :(
I'm trying to figure out how to best represent its beauty online. Maybe an audio reading...
Makes me think of how fantastic it was to just *read* Nabokov's lectures on literature...
Awesome that the student passed and couldn't wait to share news with you!
I think Rich can actually learn from what you said. You're like the battle rap life coach. Lol.
oh well
You can't read one verse of the Bible & develop a theology. The Bible itself is a theology!
pahaha I wonder how that got there...
Thanks for the follow man ... I'm at my limit of follows but I'll follow back after I think the herd. Have a good weekend. ^ME
"i dont know if I like like him yet. But he makes me feel good, and I now have a reason to shave" "thats a good way to look at it"
Loool at when their hating & calling themselves 'mahomies' check yourself.
Check out new pics up on our Facebook page!! "like" Outward Bound Denver and be a part of our community!!
Packing and doing a run through of outfits...turn on the MUSIC! Luckily I have a boyfriend who doesn't mind helping out!
Office closed, I'm working, most colleagues are here.
You still got an attitude..
Whoa. It indeed looks like a lot of important names in UK sociology will be at the *American* Sociological Association's meeting this year!
Microsoft Invests $300M in Barnes and Noble, Settles Patent Flap
His best companions, innocence and health; And his best riches, ignorance of wealth. Oliver Goldsmith
Awesome look forward to reading your stuff.
First sociolinguistic interview of the day cancelled. You'd think I'd be irritated, but I'm deeply relieved. I'm far too busy this week.
who can
Its so cold in the D.....lmao
Only big black guy on the 40th floor in a camo jacket lol
I'm done with my 300 word blog posts. Now only 6 150 word posts to go :) Then I've got double work tomorrow.
#Ifyouknowme you know how sensitive I am.
Fact: you cannot breathe fast and hard while your tongue is out and your mouth is open. P.S. Good boy. Now roll over...
Katie calls me wedgie-free Danika cos I'm getting soccer pants
WHY IS BYNUM NOT IN
great, my fan just died and I have the heater on, today is going to be so hot, least i have sunscreen on, can you get tan from being hot?
MT It's #TeacherTuesday Show great teachers luv
Love it! MT : I hereby challenge everyone to mourn Sendak by writing the WEIRDEST picture book you can today.
I know! Sat out a whole year. This year killed him so you know he's hungry!
so hard to "take care of yourself" at your parents house
Fat chicks that call they self thick please stop lol
thank you so much! You're so sweet!! :) xx
Jtfo w/ asia buunyy and alexis.
Barry Sanders is the honorary #lions captain tonight? Awesome! No #tigers game on any #indy station is killin' me.
Weird giving this big an interview to Robin Richards.
I got my ticket I got my passport and now I'm ready for take off! I don't mean to brag! But I'm just so excited! Ar voir! ☺
RT if on April 20th you're going to fill your city with KONY 2012 posters.
is it your birthday!? :o
So relieved that Zuckerberg is sans hoodie.
Me too lol
Thanks, and ESPN PR tweeted a bit ago tht the announcement would be made tomorrow was hoping you heard something
I slept 16 hours last night. I think I can afford to stay up and work on it tonight. Lolol.
Do you FEEL like you have thrown away marketing dollars in the past 24 months? We can help IMPROVE ROI-let's move your conten ONLINE!
congrats! Well, I did kinda go native. but not the way you probably mean.
global warming?
Got that 3:30 feeling? Stop by for a free coffee drink, say "Greg" at the register. This offer is good everyday from 3pm-close!
didn't yo mama teach you, "nobody likes a snitch!"
so great to connect with you on twitter!
Where is that?
ha! Saturday night, 2:50am, where else would you get mac and cheese. C'mon my dude!
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 1
Back into the web game - - - thankyou for the welcomed distraction 'graphic design', but I really must be getting back. -gabe
thanks for your compliment on our staff! And we accept any and all clientele sandals or no sandals. :)
IM JKING! I love u :)
Over 700 registered in WSOP Deep Stack ...10 minutes left in late reg ... follow my progress and chip updates
what was his topic?
Today feels like a Saturday
You got it, kiddo.
I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!
You coming by tonight for the Maibock tapping? Its at 6 PM at all locations
I just used a beer bong for the 1st time
Got Some Banging ass Beats in my Gmail from DNATHEPRODUCER aka
|| its beginning to look a lot like xmas!!!
good morning luvs
Just her laugh
quick someone help her! She has completely lost her mind!
I'd say I'd save you one but I fear I might eat it instead :x see you soon :)
you connect with since she moved to Boulder? 2 righteous people like yourselves could gain a lot from each other
Don't forget that general admission will go up to $3/person over the weekend during the Orchid Show!
Ditto to but I also add Tilia, Sebastian Joe's for ice cream and the place across from Tangletown Gardens.
Wish I had been watching this UTEP HOUSTON game all night.
I'm a huge fan and I love you could you please follow and tweet me it would mean the world to me..?
FINALS are HORRIBLE they force you to memorize everything you should've learned during the semester lol
Cause the pimpin's ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
Actions speak louder than words; <3 Thanks for showing me that you do care ;]
We're weiners! (No, not THAT kind) Matt Cohen mixed PGI spot Guys, Guys, Guys for MTZHF Kelli + it's a AICP 2011 winner! tinyurl.com/5rojjww
happy Mothers Day to you too! Thanks!
“We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
They're not particularly gay. Just ugly. Lots of heterosexual guys wear really ugly shirts. No reason not to apply to socks.
#ThatsATurnOff when she is cheap ass hell & looks at you everytime to pay
100% agree! Being mobile friendly is a still huge #fail for most brands RT : We need a session on mobile up in here
What's there to prove?
Just welcomed a great group of students from City College High School to the Church Student Matinee.
My mentors changed my life. Kudos to the #ubuffalo mentors
DAMN GIRL. CALM DOWN. THIS IS TOO INTENSE.
Mormons are good looking people not that there is anything wrong with that
Every time I listen to I see movie scenes in my head! #soundtrack music
second networked book & inspiration for digress.it --> "holy of holies", m. stevens
thank you! I'm renting a house with an AWFUL WHITE kitchen! Def need pointers!!
What up to all following me back looking forward to yall tweets --> & ..
Where do I follow along?
yay! hope to see you this weekend...
Na na na na na na She's got the look! Lunch time jams with the windows down!
happy to have you for lunch! Let us know what your favorite items on the menu were!
mother is so cute she made me a fish taco nom nom nom nom ...........and than another one nom nom nom thanks mommy :)
I didn't get that impression but it's obvious this is highly contentious. Poor kids are being put in the middle.
#SelectionSunday at tonight.
ehhh ill think about it :P
u r the proton to my donut
.seriously? does this girl even wear clothes? she ONLY have pics of her in her underwear.
Oreos > all. Check your facts haha.
most def. Have to watch again.
doesn't matter. Just show up :p
U and & khleo workin' on a song.... its gonna b
It's all in your tone, girl!
#Wisconsin #wiunion We are creative; they are sedated. A Happy Weekend is coming. Smile! #WI are the Candid Camera. Money can't by Love.
Thanks for sending to Hope he likes it!
BlueWhiteVases thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Adding another hockey team to the roster. 3 teams, 3 nights a week. #notComplaining :)
Ice cold shooting. I could have it any other way...
"Just one more thing before you leave Don't forget to remember me"Text if you wanna
I am officially a master! Although I didn't attend graduation I am on the veranda celebrating my accomplishments with the 'rents!
Fuck one, marry one, kill one, #GO! A little puzzle for you while WATCHING GLEE
Thx so much! Any questions? RT : Great website & internet presence! Everything looks so polished! ....
sick of deleting my account and not specifically telling me why. didn't think it would be this hard to create a group
rappers suck. Soulja boy is a rapper. Big pun tupac biggie llcoolj r mc's
A gracious lady saved our spot in line so we could ride rides (: Simpson's ridee here we come!
RT : City of Milwaukee --- SENIOR WATER TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR application period extended through TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2012.
I made you the princess in this story hahahaha
Thank you for the comment about my #poetry. Have you read my revised Adrenaline Rush?
Is it just me or does "jets fans" rhyme with "obnoxious retard"
Dear Santa, all i want for Christmas is him. <3 please & thank you (:
Who the fuck was boozer Passing that ball to ?
When guys run track >
A Woman love: by King Baba james is now playing on sukcfreeradio check it out. Thank u all my fans
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work, thanking God 4 being #blessed Humpday yay...2 more days till Friday! Everybody have a great day!!! :)
THIS! “: Sometimes, a simple hug would seem to be a lot better than asking her what's wrong.”
Its only 10 i thought it was a lot later
be back later....
One of the best days off I could have all year.
I know! And I heard y'all going to watch the elephants. We are too! Where are y'all watching them?
lol, hm.. never thought of that one. Lol
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
"A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service, and what do you do with a phone with no service? You play games."
I have challenged myself to reading 100 books during my break. To keep myself honest, I shall tweet about each one.
what happened?!
Another gorgeous 58°F today ~ Did you know several of our #bike #dates include a #wine tasting?
I'll go to eat thanks to all who are following me :) ♥♥
a semicolon if one duty requires multiple commas; and of you semicolon one, semicolon them all.
You have to love playoff basketball!
hey #bestie how's ur day going? Got in 35.28 hours in 4 days!!
I love wearing shorts.
I wanna see the pink highlighters and the yellow highlighters play each other in the Final Four.
Thank you! Are you up to anything fun this weekend?
Saw a time-traveler on MARTA today. He mostly passed for 21C man except for his pager.
LOL! RT : Yes, I think targeting someone too specifically can seem like stalking.
I SEE YOU RABURN!
you just named my new band. Or blog. Or something else I won't start.
laying here. Not tired, just bored.
Convicted Ponzi swindler Keenan Hauke at sentencing: "For years, I knew this day would come."
THE AGENDA!!
The FCAT test makes me wanna kill someone..
change your number?
Staying up until 1am on a work night to watch the final episodes of one of my favorite animes... WORTH IT.
a black guy
red velvet for breakfast again ... yum
shits weak! I'm so bored at work
Thanks for the follow! Hope your month finished strong.
GENIUS! RT : note to self: harvest potntial enrgy of curls to power downton abbey
Hey, if you can't threaten a Russian hooker that is extorting you, who can you threaten?
RT : Monday: FREE ADMISSION. Bud Lts, Stoli, Bacardi on special. & dj marcus spinning.
Cold here at century, but that's okay got myself a hot chocolate :D
I would pick Waiters #3 overall, after Davis and MKG. His game is meant for NBA.
I have watched the Oscars every year since I was about 5. This is the most boring year I can remember. If only Kanye or Gaga was there...
Getting a massage is a great way to nurture, rejuvenate and heal yourself! This applies to guys as well ..
Agree. If there can be a family/business TSA line, should be similar for black coffee/every other coffee drink line.
LMAO BRENT TRYING TO MAKE CASH.... meh I'd buy it though xD
I entered via comment on your blog for tickets! But I would love to try Cherry Vanilla Edmund Fitzgerald!
2nd period, I'm on a couch reading, I love my school. We get papa johns pizza later(:
The Father is removing the links of bondage in every chain over the lives of the oppressed. Not a trace will be left behind.
Good bank got damn
Today I got asked what my biggest dream I felt like say trying to get to follow me!
either I'm trippinballs or mickey mouse is rowdy in my apt.
I could teach you (:
#Brewers game. Last minute decision to go.
#TTOT in less than an hour. If you love to travel and have interesting stories, be there.
Nice idea for a truly unique Xmas gift Especially one that has longevity.
Two years go I told u to get ready to buy some property. Aight young brodie. THE TIME IS NOW! Shit's dirt cheap. Buy a block!
Thanks, man! Much appreciated- I listened to tracks on your site and would totally be down to collaborate sometime! TK
NO PANCAKES!
Ohh heck to the no! One of 's former managers is suing her company for being sexually harassed and subject to hostile work place
Everybody on this bus is asleep.
i need me a driver and a maid to roll the blunts wit haze son im ina daze flow tsunamis, this that ct wave
Not that it's any of my business, but I heard lemmings are referring to one another disparagingly as 'people.'
Ready for Ohio Cousins May Have Migrated - Did Family Records Go Along? By
you've got style, that's what all the girls say...they also say you've got gay tendencies.
Did anyone out there win the mega millions?
“: Only God Can Judge Me , Who The Fuck Is You ?”
I love when fat and ugly girls "like" my boyfriends pictures on Facebook just makes me #loll :)
I slept for 15 hours, and i only wanted to sleep for 8. .
see you on the red carpet at ! Are you staying at the Maxwell? When's your film playing? Hope I get a chance to see it!
I CAN'T wait to go back to Legendz! FUCK YOU VOLLEYBALL! YOU CAN SUCK MY DICK (:
me 2 but I lost a year cause I come drone another country and stupid school couldn't translate my report card till now --'
Ok thanks!
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;)
Movie recommendation is Edward Norton in "Primal Fear". Norton does great character work in this suspense thriller
i'm sorry but i will never understand why people feel the need to do smash or pass status'
HEADS UP: Summer Camp LATE NIGHT TICKETS go on sale at NOON CST on SATURDAY. Save up.
trying to fly in today. have a feeling i'm going to get stranded in detroit.
ditto for me. time for some fun this weekend!
RT : "Don't go replicate our mistakes, make your own" Director, Health Innovation
Happy Veteran's Day...thank you for your selfless service and protection! WIthout your sacrifice, we wouldn't be free to live our dreams!
does CCBC keep track of what percentage of books about black people are set in the past?
It is what it is
DC Go Wonky! RT : Come out to Farragut today to support your favorite food trucks! 10% of sales today --> No Kid Hungry campaign!
"I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it."
Time to dust off the Chuck Norris exercise contraption in the basement.
because i didnt do announcements and nicole witzleben did :(
Blasting #FirstKiss by in my mum's car! Can't believe he's from the same country as me!:')
Soon and Fast!!! Schedule in the making!!! Lol
Tonight, we are young... And I'm too fuckin tired and broke to carry anyone home tonight.
welcome to the world of the tweets
Really needs to get his as in gear and do some more acting related things or maybe wrote some more
Hey I was wondering if I know you? I think you might be an old friend of mine??? Did you used to live around Dallas and Woodlands?
looks like fun
Great time with family and friends at
The #Brewers are absolute beasts at home! I knew their record, but just saw the 50-16 again in print.
im from tampa,fl
Happy Holidays from our team over at Craftlaunch.
ya know ; except for gym. Durr. Just kidding. That sucked as bad as your disected sheep hearts. Lolol.
I like it when cab drivers (a) drive fast and (b) listen to
If the Heat lose.. The Thunder are definitely winning it all
La la la la la
look at *Unpainted to the Last*
Back in school days wen love was sweet and innocent...
We can do this all night :)
Swear I'm over working retail!!! I need a sugar daddy to pay my bills hahaha
Point the biggest skeptic out ill make em.a believer
Thanks so much!
Had a lovely trip to the Mich. UP--Pictured Rocks at Munising a must see. Also did Mackinac Island and Ludington. West Mich coast v. nice.
And Man City won the EPL??????
was the crock pot involved?
I know it's bad for me but it's the only thing I have left.
twitter looks cool now ^_^
Hang in there. I know you'll make it through. But when it's time, I just want you to watch over me, and to help me through all my problems.
Now that #MilwaukeeFilmFest2011 is over what were your faves and movies you hated? I'll be doing my final run down article soon.
"question is....Whadda you want? Do you want me to call the cops? You want me to get naked and start the revolution?"
Lunch was awesome! So glad you came in to see me!
You guys also have a great weekend! :-)
Good Morning 2 All & U All Have A Blessed Day!
The willingness to sacrifice is the prelude to freedom.
Make long (12 mo.) expirations for class cards or your retention rates will suffer.
I've taken time and think that I don't think it's best for us to turn around and say goodbye
so when are you going to post the twitlonger about that sign?
yeah I feel you I drive 200 plus miles a day
yeah its pretty hot down south but the coolest part is i live 3 hrs away from ATL and hows your fav out of jbs firends
lol noone does when I say it but works lol
OMG! God needs to step in!
see the movie #ScaryorDie where out this AMAZING love her
RT Aw. That Burgher gave the foul ball..Guy at work said he caught foul ball, gave it to a kid last night. You're right, good guy
Great day in the studio with & Now back in Atlanta for work and missing DC already. Womp Womp!
can u please please please call me !!! 6312918655❤😊
Have an amazing trip and take *tons* of pictures for those of us who couldn't make it!!!
I'd give just about anything to be poolside in #Vegas right now.
My kind of hallowed ground! RT : The Holy of Holies!!!!
Sounds like you received exciting news! Congrats! :)
how you been?
Have you tried the new Flip Side at yet?
Let's Go Mets!!! Tweet Tweet
lol love you to
I saw it.
I just wanna watch her dribble balls up the court---lmaoooplease retweet
cool off with a Route 44 Cherry Limeade!
#FF Thank you!!!
go see the hunger games
Making repairs, painting, or staging are hard to hear about but not nearly as hard to have the house sit UNSOLD.
"if you can get in, you can afford to go" - Sure, but all those schools accept <15% of applicants, most <10%
Worst part about having a convertible you ask? Well... Um... Driving everyone, everywhere.
Thank you! You and the band were amazing at the L.A Times Festival of Books! : )
I skipped right over MTV when I saw that in my program guide...
Rachel Zoe
we all have been there.
Munro Chambers is all over your wall...
Fuck bitches. Get money
Ill be honest I didn't expect you to not care so fast. But no worries I got the hint.
hey what part of ohio do u live in
what are we asking ? :o I just got a message on my phone lol
Holy crap so OBSESSED with Avengers!!! Can I be them? Or friends with them? Omg dying.
Out of all the people I know, I have a few really good friends. I'm ok with that because they make up for all the one's that wasn't.
i'm excited that the semester's almost over.
Snow day...you better go away, for I'm leaving on the morning plan to LA.
Finally get to wash my hair after having a weave for over a month
Thanks so much for thinking of me! Been on the run all morning. Looks like a great article.
Patience my friend. It's a long season and we have a lot of great players
please tell ken anderson to follow me
Good luck & have a great time at the #AdobeSummit - Your session is gonna rock!
Happy 23rd Anniversary. Congratulations and best wishes for many more years of success.
right back atcha, thank you.
RT The official trailer of #PrettyLittleThings releases tonight!
welcome back brother!
follow back ?
Best way to wake up from that food coma? 's Bah! Humbug Xmas Party w/ tonight! Doors 8:30. Guest list 916.295.0720.
goodnight handsome <3
not if the charger's broken! Bam.
If this happens again tomorrow, I don't even know what I'm going to do.
learn those backroads!
For once I'd like to see someone make Jane Eyre with a truly plain Jane & an unattractive Mr. Rochester. & make us believe it.
really? where is your proof that they aren't? tell me. It's called instinct. The same thing that makes you attracted to girls.
Follow back?
I listened to your webinar w Brian. The portion on experimentation. How long should any one experiment last before pulling plug
yup! So much irony that it is in FL. More investigation. She was pregnant!
From Midlothian area...no troubles with FIOS here.
Support support support. Bomb hair stylist & new 2 twitter----->
Or down, lol
Uhh it feels so good to have my Wayne cd back😊💽
oh wow it's late there!
What an excellent reunion last night
I'm wearing my hoodie today
Still thinking about the delish 7-course meal from the James Beard Dinner last night
Dad to daughter on 72nd: If you can't learn how to eat with chopsticks, I'll send you over to Japan to learn from Ching Chong and Ding Dong.
Get people in the general cousel's office, contract specialists, etc., to serve as liaisons to your wellness program.
take the 7 to times square, get on the (1,2,3) towards the bronx. God speed!
RT : I feel like I'm in a food coma
coming up at 11...we talked with two elderly women robbed outside their home on Thanksgiving...hear what the crooks got away with
Just got my mail. Fed tax refund,#Brewers tickets and Electric Bill..... 2 out of 3 ain't bad
. / / 's panel, 's performative argument for learning to program, and the Latour panel.
RT : Expedition HQ: The Row For Freedom team are making fantastic progress and are now in 6th place!
it's too long
TCT performing at the Main Event Venue tommorow at 9:30pm! BE THERE!!! OR BE SQUARE!!!!
Just saw , gave him a thumbs up for the playoffs
what's up?
Wth Aha But You Look Way Better Though
Poop I'm so stupid I thought Gerrell was asking what could his Twitter name be... Never fails bruh
Would you mind elaborating (re: alumni magazines)?
Rumor was she dined at Chilis the night before...
you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are
Woke up after dreaming abt loading authority files into the library catalog. Vacation's over. At least my brain is ready 2 go back 2 work..
