Okay fellow Sag, all that I can say is she's steppin' out! I think it's great. Love it!
Wish could! : Looking fwd 2 meeting u two! Denise : Waiting for and then we are on road for #140mtl”
Ford pants. 'nuf said.
I do believe in people maybe a little too much. I like to think all people have good hearts
No , gino got me out and like 5 mins later he got out
What to be successful? Remove wish, if, and can't from your vocabulary.
you the best my nigga
"At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can." - Frida Kahlo
I'm To Fresh To Fighht Somebody Go Get Security
HAPPY NEW YEARS....... 2012... BEST WISHES TO EVERYONE
“: Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness. ~Maya Angelou” truth!
I'm gonna regret this sleeping schedule when I gotta get up for class monday! Oh well #YOLO... haha I've never actually used that phrase b4
If only you can see what I've seen with your eyes. - Blade Runner
Finally getting that the beach is west, not east
Found a small little puppy by my house. It doesn't have a collar so I'm gonna wash him then keep him =) YAY, a new puppy!!
61 days until Lead Tampa Bay- Student Leadership Conference! Who's coming? www.LeadTampaBay.com
that doesn't sound too good.
Time to take off on they ass........#Heat Nation
You have a new house?
Tell my President I said hello!
RT if you think they should make a 3D version of Coming to America
Good talk by about losing his Mom the day after the 35w bridge crash & then living his life with intent after. Inspiring!
It's never too early to plan your fourth of July party
Maxine Hong Kingston~ The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
Theres another one...3 that is..Good shot by Kobe tho
Can't wait to hit up the event tonight!!!
Great stories are timely, impact people, are unusual, and often controversial. News is almost anything that holds someone’s interest.
Nobel Peace Prize for Egyptian Protesters! WikiLeaks, not so much. A Nobel Peace Prize For WikiLeaks?
What a DORK is Bug Selig for having to READ his congratulations to Cardinals for winning the World Series and announcing the series MVP!
#SACRAMENTO #CA follow the Sac State Students spending the second night on campus in protest!
Feeln sad and mad today sounds like CHERNOBOG IS OVER BEFORE IT REALLY EVEN GOT GOIN DAM THIS IS FUKIN LAME ...
The food was great, and the Bloody Marys are always delicious. Looking forward to rooftop dining! How was your meal?
My concentration is off line today so working on my book is a no go. Instead I'm going to eat my pizza & watch Harry Potter movies. :)
One-time NM gov, one-time Repub, and current Libert. cand. for President Gary Johnson says CO has chance to end marijuana prohibition 4 US.
Thanks for the Mention of my article!
i havent posted shit on facebook and i stay gettin notifications on invites and events and dumb shit -_-
RT "Health e Wellness / Fitness Physique / Beauty e Fashions!!
Yes you could lol you done it before! Encore!! RT : anytime bro couldn't have done it without the homies!!!
seriously it is a waste I feel like just put your face on it I'm sure they'll look at your resume then
btw guys, I owe you a few glasses of wine (Pinotage or other) when next in YVR. Your #leadgen tips we're fantastic. Thx again.
Why did our leftfielder get a hit and RBI? I thought he was supposed to be an automatic out?
hey bfino it's national kiss day.. Who will you be kissing? ;)
Small world! I was there, too! I love socon. Such a great event.
ha nice to meet you to Tati! Keep in touch!
what sucks?
I am serious who will go to Nicki Minaj with me second set of rows?
I just resisted peach cobbler! Wow, I never thought I'd see the day.
HowardStern: It seems like Michelle Bachman is taking over the whole tea party, hot, dummy thing.
I shall do that :)
Guy walking around campus barefoot in the cold rain
At CEO Roundtable dinner in downtown San Diego with Congressman Brian Bilbray.
Enjoying #Gameofthrones - still need a cleanse after watching some episodes, but it's almost comical #headsrole #wherearemydragons!?!?!
only the Smiths? Not very inspired. I love the Smiths a LOT, but come on.
Sitting in Business Ethics wishing I was outside or in the gym. Gonna rock out to some when I go out.
“The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.” - S. Covey (Thanks philo boy)
watch yo mouth
Joel, I hope he had one of those "How is my Driving" bumper sticker with an 800 number...Proceed with caution!
Great response so far. Thanks All!
Staying after school till 7. Ahh.
De Aza's walk up song is Roll Out, they should change the words to ground out
I know its been a long time ..are you going to t.k halloween thing ?
“: Yo u smashin on dat new "Being Broke Is A Sin" mixtape! Good job bro bro!”good look bruh
females .. Sadly lol
you better <333
Come check out surrender tonight! It's the night club 2 be @ only !
#slcwebinar PKM is about shifting responsibility for learning and knowledge from a company to individuals.
Chicago comes from the word shikaakwa, which means? N.Amer for wild onions, aka ramps. 17th cent. large growth of them = Chicago
did what right?? =)
I wish I could be beautiful for you, I really do because to me you are..
LOL! I scored an exit row seat. Yay for legroom! :)
#THATCamp PNW begins! Intro and scheduling session.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K. Prices go up Thursday July 1, 2010...tomorrow.
RT : Just saw like a 5-year-old kid wearing a wife beater, camo shorts and a Dale Jr. hat. TALLADEGA!!!
ME TOO SHUT UP KAYLEE (:
Every time a box ker-plunks out of the Craft-O-Tron, a crafter gets their wings!!
my favorite thing about Ghost Adventures is how you show everything unlike other shows where they tell you they found s ...
don't worry, I'm leaving soon to go sleep
A2 Synthetic drugs can cause extreme violence in non-violent people.
Building my list . . .
Not even that is free, water that is. RT : Water is free. Beer is not. One of the many things wrong in this world.
Indicting children's behaviors but never asking why they occur isn't offering solutions. It's looking for an easy target to express anger.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor kids who get bullied and put down everyday for no reason like who wanna end bullying
You are not going to want to miss the Heartland Worship Institute July 7-9...Register now ONLINE at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
When its time2take care of business take care of business leave all th@ "ghetto" mess & drama @ home! Its time 2 make money!
You too, Melanie! :)
That's Bella for you... I'm still waiting on that bread. STARVING!
lol just chill.. I'm almost done.. almost
Soo I think I should start getting dressed.
Wow that was the fastest emergency room visit ever. In and out with 5 stitches in under an hour!
Why, yes, I am wearing suspenders.
My body is the instrument of my spirit.
that must be the avatar penis u was referring to. I'm good! Lol
do you study cancer?
thank YOU!!!
#Steely Dan coming to PDX in July.
Music Lovers! One of my favorite newest bands Dreams finally got on Twitter. Please follow and take a listen!
I really want to like #alcatraz. And I probably will end up liking it. Tonight, however, I'm highly distracted by the score. Just too
Kind of bummed out. Will be listening at 5 pm.
hi Casey we miss you
was that about the guy from ihop?
and we're down. i forgot its already the 18th on the east side...
I hate when #AsianGirls get exited when i take them on a date by the "lake" & they start screaming "Rake" but it sounds like "Rape"
Thanks DJ Double Wide!!
I'm with you! I don't know where to start!
I closed the window once Red Hot Chili Peppers were mentioned. Those lists are usually such a joke.
Don't start checking big stomach!
7 of us and 8 of them it's not going to work out.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our August event last night, we'll have photos up soon!
can you please add me to the list? thanks!(:
yeah silly :)I spaced the fact you are iPhone enabled
Thanks for the help Audrey! You're a sweetheart!
Wanted: A dog to marry Lucky and help others in need
Father, into your hands I commit my spirit
being in ministry means I forfeit the right to be stupid.
Why does Twitter limit the amount of people you can follow? Isn't that silly? Wouldn't you want people to follow as many as possible?
I hate when my wireless device can't connect to a wifi network... and we have several. No idea how to improve this.
should win new artist this year!
Thanks Elizabeth!
@ 1526 North Fairfax Ave,hollywood 90046 , 10:15pm 2 hummer Limos pick us up and we have 4 bottles at kress rooftop. Pls wear RED and BLACK
i was too 80's when i first starting playing so i tend to go with those over sweeps to make em sound a little more modern.
Reminder to buy Getting Started with Arduino...
Is it just me or does unflavored Chapstick give you the swootest breath and worst taste in your mouth.
the bank.
#raw10 lately all flava of women have been liking me...JayZ said it, i got 99 problems but a......
Lots of changes going on all career fronts. Can be scary at times but exciting too
Not saying what I did wasn't wrong but wrong doesn't cross your mind when you're drunk.
I love you more!:D
I miss harry potter.
I am so for
MUCH LOVE TO SHE ALWAYS RT MY TWEETS
Just downloaded "Fall Out" from iTunes, and added the artist to my alert list! Thanks !
While emer. officials say #HeartstrongFire 100% contained, Yuma Co. Sheriff wants to drive around to make sure all areas covered.
she told me Thursday she's in all my classes
have you been discussing the book in class? you can get by with most teachers if you just regurgitate what they tell you :P
Thanks for the follow. I will keep you posted on our Big Project.
Got on my armor. Some good things are happening so you know the enemy is busy!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Wish everything with my ex couldve work out for the better
That new Camry commercial is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, who wants to get proposed to in a car?
They're redoing my Target, and I wonder why shopping takes so long now. Example? Found the plastic picnic forks in maternity. Just saying.
hahaha r u still coming today like u promised or was that just the alcohol talking ?!?! =)
Crossing my fingers this day goes by without a hitch...Rise & Grind
ayy youtube, why are you loading so slow? i want to watch the Coast To Coast video cody put up...
It's starting to sound like Google+ is suffering from Perfection Syndrome - too much control backfiring.
and trust we are all excited!
SO sad...do u know how she passed away?
Congrats, you're going to #sdcc this year?! That should be a blast.
I really do. And the $199 w contract extention isn't too bad. Hell, I'll probably make enough today to buy it.
Thanks for the RT and welcome to our newest followers !
$640 Million Lottery. 300 Million People in the U.S. Lets just give everyone 2.3 Million each and call it a day.
ok then and i will !
evoli! check your skype when you get a chance
I feel terrible....the weekend is here and I am really, really sick. Ugh.
chris brown be having me weak . -melts-
and how tall are you?
i have a great weekend and with in 2 hours of being home it is all ruined!!
I hope Kendrick is back out next inning for the Phils. He was great for the Mets.
I can see it now... Its the gansta within!
Follow Friday - , ,
Huge win today baby...
omg... I thought you were in Vegas... you;re closer to me in SF than Vegas? right?
Those who followed and retweeted us will find their discount codes direct messaged to them. Thanks! 2 days left to get the code.
Tball is one of the only instances when is okay to laugh at children and people who are just terrible at baseball
Feel like something great is about to happen. #lawofattraction... Don't you feel it?
Fat Joe keeps a good vibe in his songs
-- java 7 start-up time is a *lot* better than it used to be.
we are obviously too awesome!
its not working. What the hell?
Thanks! I hope so too!
Too late, i'll never ever meet the boys and that makes me so MAD.
Why do you wanna burn down Hot Topic so much? Weirdo...
Beer Status: Corona (ran out of good beer)
Today is Nascar's Daytona 500. Here at AZ Hot Air Balloons we wish Tony Stewart and the 14 team the best of luck today! Get em Smoke!
Sen. Scott Fitzgerald on June 5 recalls: "This is about power. This is about who is in control."
I firmly believe in taking a day to learn this city through Instagram...sound like a challenge?
I'm here -- watching Vick give the Eagles a chance here. GB's Clay Mathews almost knocked both QBs out. Punk.
I saw your new profile picture. I am now eroused trolololololol
AH! I can't wait to see you! And too!
i bought myself a chipotle burrito yesterday because I deserved it
yall gonna be in the view this weekend. I'll be in tyl
Re-branding has helped sales grow steadily says
Oh my! Tweets continue to post late...
Thank you! I buy most of them from Katastrophic.
G-" my Mommy's bff Nancy is in the mini today. If you see her she needs drinks and a hug, ok?"
I've become convinced of this: If you value your work at nothing, it will ultimately be perceived as worthless to the reader.
I have a hot date
Bulls in 6 :) it'll happen!
Out to celebrate 's birthday in Bloomington!
Need a lift? Our #appoftheday puts a taxi at ur fingertips... #TaxiTally will get u where ur going.
Here they go again! RT IU fans are quickly falling off the bandwagon and getting excited for the 2012 recruiting class. Not good.
haha wow that's not good
Real louis don't need no blue tick by his side, that's how I'm rollin , never had one when my momma spat me into this cruel world bitches.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!! :D
RT Happy Birthday ole monk' ass...
It is a US territory and as such has always had the right to vote in the Presidential elections. What gives now?
Cause kobe tryna be like Jordan
Im fine Thank YOu!
hahaha...this is hilarious. Poor girl, she has no idea! ;)
#Breakfast today is oatmeal with strawberries and blueberries and a side of Twitter :) Have a happy hump day!
{blushing} {girlie giggles} Umm I'd say good to know but it doesn't really benefit me per say...haha
I want an Adam Levine - May I have one?! Just one :) Thanks! <3
Hope everyone had a good time at the party and thank you very much for coming !!
Can't wait to see my son^.^ He's coming from L.A, should be here around 2 or 3 :D<3
love should be happy not suffering.
no imma find it and fix it then give it back
moonraker, wasnt that a Bond movie?
Are you a Vegan/Vegetarian? Were you one before Damon, or did Damon influence you to become one? Let us know! :D
I'm tired of girls giving definitions of "real men". Focus on being a better woman.
no problem, thx for putting out such great blog posts!
just fulfilled a long overdue sushi fix, m...
NO TD, HIS TOE IS OUT!!!!
You know what I can go for right now...some Gushers! WAAHH I want gushers now!!
My mom is such a bitch!! I'm cleaning my damn room so I can go to a party and I'm coughing up a lung and it's almost done and I was like---
Life is just one damned thing after another
Hey Steven boy you might have me believing i don't always have to be alone. #heystephen loling
Hi tweeter, it's been a while since I shared anything non-Iditarod or "pictures with a fancy filter" related. I'll start with some classics
We need our daily recommended dose of #linsanity now more than ever.
Why won't my damn phone send a twit pic
So, who is partying tonight in Manhattan?
RT: : Jumpin' Jack Jagger: Happy birthday, Mick. Born this day in 1943. | No.Way. Mick's 67 years old??
Before the Internet when people were bored they had to find something to do. Now they just post pics of them self on instagram
The fact that I'm on and #PhatFreeMonday regularly should tell you something about me...
learning about
Yup, celery soda tastes about as weird as I expected it to.
Whew! I was worried there for a sec. ;-) RT no need for broken hearts. just having a little fun ()
Dog somebody text me.... At work bored as shit.
Thanks for the RT's . Much appreciated. Hope you're having a good one. ;p
I love my ladies (:
thanks ally!
Oh Thank you. I am not sure about season 2. But we will always have Brighton Beach . S prazdnikami vas tozhe.
Supremely angry at and I don't say the f word often but fuck.
#Ihateitwhenimdrivingand I see fixi bike kids riding their fag bikes.
GOOD NIGHT! Dream of Austin tonight ;* -Ritchelle<3
Hi, Caitlin, glad to see you on Twitter! Thanks for following MUSE. --Liz
Great day so far... booked Commercial... Armynel screening tonite.... and most importantly my uncle is surviving his heart attack
I begrudgingly accept 'Spaced'= no more, but do you & Ms. Hynes have plans to write anything else together?
RT - THERES A WAFFLE MAKER THAT MAKES NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS SHAPED WAFFLES SOMEONE BUY ME IT NOW
I was hoping that I invented corn & jalapeno pizza, but I found some online from Berkeley.
#aam2011 fact: Museum professionals are wicked dancers. And also learned that "the only thing worth dying for is the imagination."
Step #9: give up resistance to change.
My night: breaking apart Half Japanese live sets from "1/2 Gentlemen Not Beasts"/"1/2 Live" into separate tracks.
Not just cuz I got it, Cuz I want to, that makes all the difference.
need a job
Home again.
Make sure you wish a happy born day! He shares it with Bob Marley...makes perfect sense....
$AAPL bouncing off support after the drop. Moving averages crossed.
Been about one-year since I've heard the subtle, casual, socially acceptable form of anti-Semitism somewhat common in the American Midwest
8123 BROADWAY THIS FRIDAY W ME AND IN THE MIX IN THE BASEMENT OF W $2.75 DOS XX ALL NIGHT!! RT AND SHARE!
If you live in #Atlanta and you love #Karaoke and #SpokenWord #Poetry, then you check out THURS 11/17 7pm-10pm. COME ENJOY!
Get me a better seat!!!
Blake Griffin is so overrated, no post moves, no jump shot
when you comin to milwaukee??
Back to School Samples and Drops are up and ready! Remember, teacher knows best!
“ TWA will be featuring this friday 03/11 @ Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with . 9pm-1pm”
What is time? It's12:30pm. Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook - , & Justin Hopper at See you there!
Cause if you let me here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you. I've loved and I've lost. <3
I hear ya...I was prepared for it though, it's gonna e a long next 3-5 years! Thank you Maddoff! Fucker
Thanks for hosting the ASTD Tweet fest Larry. Wish I couldn't have "stayed" longer. Looking forward to the next one.
thanks jen :) i miss you!
Yes please!! RT Preach it, my sisters. A-friggen-men. RT : more skirts should have pockets.
We've still got a couple slots! RT : You can also add performances any time (especially previews)
good!! I'm looking forward to that long update soon! You got my Barca rec?
saddle and bucks... Blodwyn style
No official results yet, they have to be certified. Should happen by Monday :)
After that long nap I took I'm still sleepy!
This is trully the Google Age
If your in Cleveland you definitely want to be for #Clevelands best gourmet food trucks! plz RT
If he loves you for your looks, KICK THE SHIT OUT OF HIM. If he loves you for your personality, then you're one lucky bitch.
- When I started, I was often the model for my friends and vice versa. I am comfortable if I know the photographer
Can't sleep
I expect it when I'm visiting family down south. To be told that in a northern state where I sound like everyone else is odd.
THATS REAL!! | ": If you care what thinks of you, NEVER wear a maxi dress or any dress that goes past your knees"
what's up with that fat fine you go today????
you mean you don't get why it's a finalist?
I dont play when it comes to my Bieber posters. (;
Dear , it would make mine and 's Friday if you would notice us!
On Sundays, I constantly check the internet to see if anything new is happening. It's not.
Maybe that needs to be in the #calltoaction holla @ me!
it's just in and over my left eye going toward the back of my head. Don't know what it is. Only had 3 shots and I sipped
It's about time I invest in some snow shoes for hangover Fridays. This just isn't working.
Thx! Always on the hunt for the best & brightest in Boston!
Good Luck Tonight , ,
This seriously sucks :( my boyfriend and I are ADDICTED to 2 1/2 men, we're so bummed the season is over now!!
please please please tell me all this talk about tour cancellation isn't true.... I was really looking forward to your show </3
We added chat to our website. Hit us up with any questions/comments!
I know it's July, but to get a musical on the air, I have to start it now. My goal is to show that Christmas is a very difficult time for
Lotus of Siam for lunch, thx Larkin
Wonder if movie being conceived w/Sasha Baron Cohen playing Gov Walker? That's right, it's out now ("The Dictator")
that makes two of us girl(;
big fan. When u doing a show in LA?
Haha, I looked. That's hilarious! Banners acting goofy is so entertaining. It's like watching kittens play with yarn.
today I caught my mom singing Government Hooker, it was kind of glorious
Me too! I set aside a notebook for recording opportunities I apply for and monthly goals of how many to do. It's helping a lot!
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life … wishing you had. ~J Paulsen
Interesting...I never posted that. I was sleeping long before 1:30am!
This year has become the most important year ever. follow if you agree with me.
Oh guys btw, me and Thomas are NOT twins! So yeah. Lol never were we twins.
Thunder put a beating on.the lakers, I doubt thatll happen again
It's not the easiest logo but I believe they have the tools and expertise to make it work
These kids look forward to chess club meetings.
Rise and Shine! Send us your favorite campus photos!
I FORGOT ABOUT DANTE! he was a beast back in the day
Im really in need of some football. This is rough. Training camp is only a few months away.
"Do you think of yourself as the boss?" - Nell Merlino
P is for Pens.
lol. Russia! ;) I'm tempted to but I don't wanna ruin it! But may seems so far away :/
just let me know(:
dierks bentley, folks. if you're not listening to his records, you're missing out.
Congrats to Mike Calvin! Way to come through on your guarantee!
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!
My allergies are out of control today. I apologize in advance if you catch me sniffling or with a Kleenex shoved up my nose. Bahhhh.
Congratulations on winning the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte! You are awesome :)
Egyptian protesters declare Israel to be their model for successful Mideast democracy!
great seeing you at HCI fed con this week! Hope to catch up again soon
I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips,
That moment when you realize that no matter what you tell a person they just will never REALLY listen to you.
My mom finally learned how to make a <3. So now all of her posts and fbook messages have one at the end.
Edible Arrangements - who doesn't love food?!
Hahha are you still trying to get noticed by Austin?..
ha ha, you are welcome. Of course, the cheese only teases!!! Now only if I had some wine to talk to lol you know what they say
I wanna know what's in my Easter basket [:
Kinda wants to see the avengers again
Just blame it on the alcohol.
when would he be able to pitch again? Monday 4/23?
RT : "Impossible is not a declaration. It's a dare." ~ Muhammad Ali
Happy Mother's Day to all, and a big thanks to my own awesome working mother, Maureen Dunne
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I wish I never knew you.
Mama weaning 1, toddler night nursing 0! First night down!!
I woke up at a good time! Didn't even know we needed a comeback!!! Let's Go Mets
“: I Hate Being Sexy, But Somebody Has To Do it.”
Queue <- weird word.
there's been 4
um time to hit the sackies..
Sweet! Get your ass there girl!
Just returned from NYC visiting everyone at the ENK tradeshow. Really excited for Spring 2011 Collections.
I know I was up there stealing extra tees like it was no ones business haha
Dont wanna go to school :/ wah
Why the hell would I not want 2 eat the cake? Am I supposed 2 stare @ the shit? Ladies, I GET wht u wanna say...but say somethin else damnit
RT - Are u saling or buying #BILLs Vs #PATRIOTS LETS GO NEW ENGLAND
It Greinke-madness at miller park...coming to u live front the windy Yount lot!
Hi invite please! Thanks. Congrats on Cheers!
He's one of my favorite actors. What a boss.
Sent that last tweet cuz I was wondering if you're planning to study computer science.
to each his own. Damn eddy you're a character! Lol
2425+1rb chip...I'd like to hit a flop, please...
Pleased to report: with a lot of water and a pretty horrendous run, I'm good to go!
Setup PayPal to accept payment online, will see how much that helps with collections.
It's a boss meal, but eat a freaking sirloin or a NY Strip if you're at a steak house.
my luggage almost went to Nice a 2 weeks ago while in Frankfurt heading to Prague, have fun!!! want to go there to.
lost all my tweet-contacts!
RT : See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
Where do you go when you're lonely? I'll follow you.
great show tonight, can't wait for the next one!
Social Media CRM, Social Media Dashboard & Social Media Visualization - Tools to help see how people are engaging with your org
It is the safest of times, it is the riskiest of times.... What the Dickens is going on here?~DMorrison-risk,quoted in Natl Acdmy of Science
You two awesome designers should meet irl sometime if you already haven't. :)
Yelling. It must be christmas. But i got new boots!
#ThingsLongerthanKimsMarriage : The amount of time to finish only 10 refinishing jobs.
Committed still. The guest speaker was dope today
pretty good(: u?
I find that consumer preferences on interacting with a brand via social media vary widely based on demographics.
& thank you 
Win a XPS13 laptop OR a $25 gift card at 3PM by visiting our booth #1503 - "Integrating #Cloud Apps to "
Integrity Real Estate Partners recommends JR. Maintenance for all your light construction needs in Los Angeles and Orange County.
Drinking in my hood with !!!
then who do you care about?
i eat, live, and breathe drama.
Oh yeah, I forgot the #NSFW tag! My bad!
- word is that you can expect a more satisfactory "official" response from Dell soon Re: Copenhagen incident
Hahahaha! She is pretty awesome.
Good one.
doest seem like it at this point.
Reason 8 to love the BBA, we have a family environment: walk dogs, stroll children or do some family grocery shopping.
Aside from St. Patrick's Day, today is also National Common Courtesy Day. Be courteous to all of the Leprechauns today and buy them a beer!
I'll be home Tuesday. And I'll need a syllabus typed up. Btw, do you offer extra credit? And what are your office hours?
Thought I couldn't tweet for the rest of the game but I'd like everyone to know this #Arsenal game is taking years off my life!
Dis fa dem niggas who knock me but can't stop me !
Haha.. what's the best April fools joke he's played on someone?
Fill this elegant crystalline vase with flowers and make your mom smile on this special day. #Mother's Day
me too. Interactions change way faster than brands. Imo, interpretation is the brand.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you
Haha. Pretty rad down here. Show's pretty much over, about to sneak up to Moe Bar for a drink.
Thanks Joe. Have a great weekend.
Great #health&wellness retreat with all of our Executive Directors this week in Cullowhee, NC, at NCCAT. Built to lead, built to last.
Boylan Heights VIP Tix Selling Fast..Will Sell Out...Get Tix (No Service Charge) or
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces. Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U-Provided U Stay Comited. B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
I CANNOT wait to see him at Bonnaroo! Twice: Singing & comedy!
no doubt!
im homew and im bout to go to practice come with mhe
pretty good :) I better see you this summer!! :)
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
Is this really an episode of dr.phil? Idgaf about your spoiled family, where are the drug addict 14 year olds and pervert fathers?!
the beginning episode is by far the scariest episode ever! Shaking in my bed sheets😱
Making some great new connections at the reception! Getting to see a bit of Saint Paul, too. :-)
I get it heavy off the light mayne/
Low key. I can't stop singing it tho. That mess is catchy!! Lmao.
Ugh! frustrated with everybody... #PopulationONE!!
haha no... Im trying to not make fun of your hair any more but we could start saying roo?
Looking at TweetDeck as a replacement for Twirl
Standard for porn in the US is subjective and based on "local morals/values" according to the SCOTUS. Hard to nationalize on TV
Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl is trending(:
Confidence is the strain they can't wipe off.
Since I stopped smoking marijuana, everyone's been offering it to me, lol, when I was smoking, they were stingy as hell. lol.
2 more days! That's right 2 more days and then you will get your chance to dance! RSM Auditions this Saturday!! info www.rocksteadydance.org
Just saw Jessica Simpsons naked pregnant body-- and it's disturbing to be confronted with such a sight while buying coffee at the market.
it's a red(ish) blend. Very... earthy.
#IfMyDreamsCameTrue I would thank my lucky stars
"Lets talk Prunes!"...you go girl!
is on don't forget tonight BarTab and Q Crew Radio will be giving away COURTSIDE tickets to the Bulls Vs Heat tonight at Duffy's
Good morning #SanDiego - r u following r wonderful neighborhood ? If not us should be!
My. Throat. Hurtss.. Hate being sick! Wheres all my twitter friends at?
Anthony Davis wore a hoodie on Kimmel...a polo to Derby...we need to get this future millionaire a makeover.
Cutting is just something miserableb people do like me :(
can't get over this beautiful #weather considering the blizzard we had right around this time last year!
5 days of school and then #Summer2012 can begin.
preparing for a road trip filled with music...where will you be this summer?
I love calming people down from a major freak out.
ha! So true. It's all about the W's... And the $'s. How many schools can afford that salary? #NCAA is becoming the new
Ignorance isn't cute. Nothing hurts my heart more than smart people putting their head in the sand for the sake of their own comfort. SMH
Walked in with $3. Made $100. Left with $0. #Casinos are the Death of Me!
Why Is This .?
I just added new pages to our already LOADED & BLOATED Website, so check it out today & let me know what you think: # Join us EVERY SUND… #
MIGHT BE GLOOMY DAY BUT IT'LL BE A CHEERFUL NIGHT. RISE N GRIND TWEEPS!!
back from the cold North, but S.Florida is not much better. 24 scripts later, I think it's looking good. final decisions mid-Jan.
It is too cold in this house igot my house shoes on in bed wrapped in covers!!
what do you med to know about what?
Thanks.! Come back tonight for Art Walk. RT : Loved Miami design district
Hallucinogens...I need help new to LA/
up early and at dry cleaners when they opened, so no chat with Jameson this week... ps that was more fun than 7am :)
Woohoo! Go Wickets! They won! Congratulations ! I'm so proud of you!
Here we go
Lol, I was adopted by a white family.
Based on quality of the goals, incredible finish and atmosphere, the vs. match was best of season so far.
oh my gosh I bet. I see everyone doing it and I feel bad. I'm just free loading at home. Oh well lol. It's way cheaper than dorms.
Maybe I'll buy a ticket. I just wanna stick up on fish before moving to Reno. Gonna miss the hell out of it!
I wouldn't trade you for the world
I'm a little too excited to spend all weekend watching Harry Potter Weekend with my boyfriend.
Going to wait til traffic dies down from the graduation being over before I head out, $houtouts to all the Aggie graduates today though
Chillin listening to on youtube downloading the mixtapes and makin new cds to hand out around baltimore.
April Thompson works hard trying to flush out the poop bucket trouble today at 5 on
it was a horrible experience to say the least
Celebrate Nutrition Month at the Western Branch on March 26th at 3pm with edible art at Va Va Voom Veggies. Call 282-4639 for more info.
"you got it in your nose?" "Yes"
#noproblem RT : I'm the listing agent I'll tell the buyer's agent. Thanks
An interesting read. I just now bought the e-book. I've always thought of him as someone to be admired.
When shopping for home 5 years ago in north 'burbs of ATL, walking thru parking lot was like walking through yellow moon dust.
Was interviewed to be on a jury this morning. Very interesting character study listening to my fellow perspective jurors.
Thank you Cal Tort and your Willy Wonka of a soda machine for mixing orange Coke. It's the closest I'll get to Spezi.
Mental Note when one starts to feel like crud again.... shower
I love the speed, but the manually-operated doors, cash-only business, and literal ticket-punching all drive me insane in 2012.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: This Means War looks terrible.
Hard to take most of their advocacy seriously when gaining or holding power & their seats in high places bleeds thru all the orchestrations
I passed, but it was not easy & I can hear people speaking french & still don't know! I should take Spanish, I'm part Latin.
gotta save those for cheat days lol
My lawnmower is such a bitch sometimes.
Up late watching Eurovision 2007 from 's website, the year I first heard of the contest. Very cool (but I don't get the postcards)!
or do you hate me so much that hate turns away from hate and turns to worship me
Throughout these last few days, I've become so much more grateful for everything I have in my life
bwahahaha. skit of Obama & Biden
: I bet dad probably says he doesnt know them...
"The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself."
I wonder if saved any of her ridiculous eyeshadows from the movie?
Jordan only had 2 to's in that gm. Only 1 player has had a 60-pt gm with fewer to's: Tom Chambers, who did his 4 days before MJ's.
EW_3III so really you meant 5?
Tell me somebody just saw that fan at the Brewer Game
Mama B's class >
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest...what's your favorite social media platform and why?
NP "Will Of God" Hezekiah Walker
and your arms ;)
#FF a few sponsors who made the Neighborhood Revitalization Conference a success, thanks!
OK People Its Time to Get Your Party Products for the Summer...
I love that Don's idea of "moon kitchen" is "interesting bowls."
thank god you're coming home, I NEED to see you. Ill tell you everything when you come, which is when EXACTLY
No prob. The 518 goes after "Obama" not before it.
chat up the game targets & get them to interact with u. once they do, they turn green and you move on to the next. see...
Thanks for the great tweet! Btw Nick says hello :)
Please are you really that out of it. try standing up for something other than party.
hows the new job
man I aint docksucking nothing :) but if u say so then I agree . And I already told your girl sorry twice
where are you watching the game?
Watching my Heat !
Any advice/tips about the Vinings area? That's where I'm looking right now.
hehehe I like hearing that
Because they are tasteless.
I've been on a steady diet of soup and been sleeping all day.. I better feel better tomorrow
Because I'm just really sick of being single. I was ok with it for a long time, but my contract on feeling ok seems to have run out.
Really sad i have no way to go to tonights show in Chicago :(
No bro, no.
- exactly. But in the post-steroid error, no one has more chance at success than a left-handed pitcher.
yes that was me. :)
Wowzers, the timing of when my kindle decided to break is quite inconvenient...
I love him:) and nick:)
so.. You stalk me? US?
me too!
and you're the reason for my life<3 i love you Austin!(: follow me?!*
watching #CNNdebate. Let's see how long I last...
I just found out I'm officially on page 72 of the Brewers 2012 media guide!
It technically is a Beta, but RED feels confident in it enough to call it the official firmware that comes on Scarlet.
Paper accepted, presenting at in November, now eating all the candy in my house.
Talented ? Amazing ? Cute ? Awesome ? Inspirational ? Perfect ? Crazy ? the best ? = Your name.
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts
Chian See Tong we as the Y generation genuinely respect you.
Does anybody else imagine/think that #KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers? That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do.
I'm glad I got to see him today.
Facebook is like jail; you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know...
And he scores his first big-league run.
Going to see the MVP play in MKE!
Don't know why the president presented a budget or why nobody voted for it. It seems like a weird procedural thing.
Floyd Money Making Mayweather bought out all the belts, a real negro stunting
My BFF loved my quote: "Don't worry about the past. Just know you're strong enough to deal w/ situations if they arise. So enjoy life now!"
Just helped some random stranded girl on her cell phone change her flat tire!!
Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour today. And while you're at it, send in that ballot too! #seattle #totv ^jh
lmfao i just saw half of Katy Perry's 3D movie haha
u got that shit??? How is it?
Yep, definitely don't miss getting up at 6am on Saturdays.
I haven't scrolled down my tl in a while lol
I cant take it
If pointing out a fact is sexist, then im guilty as charged. RT : that was sexist? Hmm
Hello, Jessica - I'm in the office today.You're on my list of follow-up calls. Would you like to have that chat?
creating a facebook event for #bikefuneral this weekend (yes there is a hashtag for that) if anyone wants to come, let me know.
No such luck yet with sun here in the SW -- could be closer to your 2 pm before we see the sun.
& they all look just the same...
he is about to be on s trillion!! Lmao
NP, Les, thank you! And I'd like to point out that I'm a proud WD subscriber (publisher by day, budding author by night!)
love your white pony tatt :)
Team note: RT : Atul Gawande: As individualistic as we want to be complexity requires group success. We all need to be pit crews now
#FF My ladies who make you beautiful!
For those who have posted the "code word" in the month of April, we will be announcing the winner soon here on FB!
i wish my first name began with a G middle name began with O and last name began with D
Good morning Tweeps!
United Stats of America, right now on History channel
I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Follow us! Maybe, you'll get a message that we would want you to have some of our clothing collection & a photoshoot!
Goodnight twitter,stay coo. God is Love
Today's Quote: "No influence is so powerful as that of the mother." - Sarah Josepha Hale
You are the eternal possibility, the immeasurable potential of all that was, is and will be - Deepak Chopra
Cleaning up the formatting of someone else's Word doc is both maddening and therapeutic.
well you didnt hang out with me... You fussed about being hungry, then left :(
Phone dead ugh
I don't know why #churros is trending but they're delicious. I actually have a funny story about them.
Yeah, you are smelly, goodnight boo, sleep tight see you tomorrow at 9:45 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
You can't unsee something like that.
Phil now tied for the lead at minus-7 after birdie at 15; Freddie climbs back to 4 under after birdie at 12
Follow that dude Alastar
Lily Donaldson cut me in line at FedEx today but she's so gorgeous that I didn't care.
Im eating right now
ha! well said
Huh? He's snobbishly proclaims his admiration for them in Goldfinger and that they must be listened to with earmuffs.
Hats off to lawyers who make a difference with Congrats Scott Kotler
that's great though. And yes, they are an investment. BlendTec is less than a Vitamix, shorter but does the job!
“: anyone know of any black babershops in #Ithaca near ?” Lmboooo!
Got your record on repeat all day. So good.
RT ": KG: Whoever is writing the "old" comments, thank you. I appreciate it. Keep writing it. #Celtics #Hawks #NBAPlayoffs"
I haven't done anything all weekend except chill... And that's alright with me
This time next week ill be with my parentals and bruduh at the beach :)
Eating right isn't easy when you can't afford the 'right' food.
Been busy developing new menu ideas- stay tuned for some yummy seasonal selections! Place your EL order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
SXSW is in Austin, TX (like our studio!)
Now all Golden Bulls that are still in Charlotte make your way to Belmont Abbey. It's just on the other side of I-485 going I-85 South!
I love teaching acting almost as much as I love performing... I learn so much from helping others! What a great feeling!
They just played sweet Caroline at the baseball game.
Lmao no words
no more complaining about my phone. Finally got a new one
not a huge fan of the throne although it has grown on me I'm def feeling tha Carter more...let me know what u think
You can start making requests for Mojo TV starting very shortly!!! Go check out Mojo TV!!! :)
Again, we apologize for spamming all of our followers. If you received a DM that has a link & something about people talking bad, delete it.
Spurs fan right here <-- :)
We have floorset this week.
i did
RT : What are you doing for the special woman in your life this Mother's Day?
word up keep at it fam, just keep grindn I gotchu
some would say that's kinda fate? No?
chicken soup for the depressed teenage blogger's soul.
Get pretty busy today, need one more massage therapist to help.
Big game tonight #4 Marietta vs. #17 Wittenberg @ Ban Johnson Arena. #pionation is gonna be out in full force tonight.
thanks for listening!!!
Woohoo! Happy Friday! :)
you know it! Call us at 312.850.4667!
Super Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Lowest Prices Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. F
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there!
actually NOW im a casual gamer.. ive been competing for the past 6 years dude.. i just had a baby and know whats more important now.
#TheBestRapperAlive MAKE IT A TRENDING TOPIC!!!! ITS A GOOD ONE!!
Someone asked me if I knew you, it was sad because all I could say was, 'I used to...'
against a bottom tier team, with bottom tier talent. Hes good but I could proly get 20 at least on them...
; goinn' to the springfield mall with Ashton && her mom ((:
i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms.
“Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.” - Marilyn Monroe <3
Choose the standardized test that best fits your child's style. ACT or SAT
Happy cinco de mayo
It begins in 3 hours. #Sycamores against SIU. 4 wins in 4 days! Let's go!
haha- I suppose you could have. But it's buried a few paragraphs down, so nobody reads that far anyway...
ok, not so secretly anymore.
she is playing ping pong so I guess when she is done we will head back.
you dirty, dirty thief.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou
David Cook does nothing but prove the ineptitude of Philip Philips as a star.
RT : Brava! RT : And check out 's energetic production if Love's Labours. My review in :...
#CelebApprentice is on!!!!
So annoyed right now. 😒
Will the Bruins be playing "Black and Yellow" for the next 4 months until the start of next season?
So tired of sitting indoors all day
2 Kings 5 Sometimes what God wants you to do isn't the way you think it will be..but the results are healing, declaring: 'Go in peace'
hey big fan of ur music! I'd love to do a photoshoot of the band!
“ Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. ”
Clay Aiken is gonna lose it tonight!
Watching The Voice with Viggle Sun | 7PM | NBC
I'm Lowkey and I make moves discreetly! Some ppl may call me sneaky! *shrugs* idc I'm just DOING ME!
Just trying to do something with this band, but i guess im the only one!
U have the cutest sweetest little girls!!!
I retract my last tweet. This place is pretty cool
If I could make music for the rest of my life , I'd be the happiest person on Earth. No attitude. Just smiles and positive words - Zaona
Watching the Dick Van Dyke show
But what in the world would you wear on your date?
Go 2 heaven 4 the climate & hell 4 the company..
Truly delighted your film is part of the line-up.
You got this girl! Let this coming weekend be your motivation!!! 😊👍
ME :D
Talk about range ofcost/ pricing. Write arti les on cost. Price. Address concerns and fears directly
have yu fooled someone yesterdayy?? If yes wat was it??* :D
I'll run naked through the streets if The Blake Show makes the Finals
Ideal rally coverage weather! Warm enough to leave jacket behind, windy enough to get cool after laps around capitol with cam gear
Follow please?(: i'll chop your balls off if you don't. No, no. Jkkk.
Down to be yours.
cool! Im following you..deep brown eyes are upon you :)
We want to hear your opinions on Walmart's moving into LA Chinatown. Email
I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma, and more tonight! Be sure to come hang out at The American Legion in Rochester. Only $10!
Thanks to , and for an awesome graphic novel panel today at the #LATFOB YA Stage today!
Tune into the right now! We don't know when Brian will be on so you'll have to watch every episode with us!
Who's got #Cincinnatitude today?!? We do! GO
looked like you all were having a lovely time.
Homemade chili and cornbread for dinner.
I wasn't referring to you...
a movie :D
This anti-immigrant movement is a coordinated nat'l movemnt started by Kansas' anti-immigrant sec. of state,
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they'll do anything or change just to see you happy
Just got a new iPhone & installed Didn't unfollow anyone and am glad I'm following everyone I'm now following!
help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom.. Plz help us make this happen
NO. BAD!
good for you
(2/2) increases in our imposed (i.e. non-negotiated) context for past several years. No sign of that changing.
Have you ever had a bad reaction to ginseng? What's the right hashtag here: asking for a friend, or grasping at straws?
Dogs have been howling outside at the top of there lungs for the past 2 hours :(
what is this? i don't click hodden hyperlinks unless i know what it is
Only if you knew...
RT Mom's rules: beds are not made for jumping! Happy
William Bartholomew, this is for you... When are we going to start plans for D1 Fayetteville, AR?
the biggest tease. I miss you.
what u write on ur paper this time lmfaoooooo James should have wrote the date thing
So far, I'm finding this more of an advertisement for House Party than an info session on cultivating Brand Ambassadors.
Editorial Illustration
Scanner Monitor: Illiff and Revere injury accident
maybe call/online customer chat u can use to get assistance on driver problem -goodluck been there2!
Ugh is right. Sorry. :(
#nw pulp fiction
Listening to the thunder and rain.
I must admit it helped a lil bit.
why does LA always get all the attention? im thinkin...PORTLAND
Thanks and for taking me to the airport! See ya America!
This was a great weekend. Im stoked for summer!
aw you guys are cute(:
Thx so much for the RT!
The InterCon reminds me of Good memories here.
Oh so Lindsay Lohan can get on Glee but not Greyson?!
My Son Christian turns 21 in a couple of days... I'm feeling old...
screw prednisone and asthma.
Yes, there is one about the app but in some of those we have two tween kids and my youngest boy. So it confuses folks.
Thank you Todd, and sorry about the time. Rest assured that Santa will be nice to you this Xmas, you're a good man!
I follow everyone back :)
RT This Kreayshawn collab is the 1st 2 Chainz song I've bothered to listen to & it's really really really bad. He's hot right now?
Bummer for Gio Gonzalez
Yeah, i'm a bit of a diva. I expect BIG!
It's Parade Week! We are out and about dropping off media baskets to our great Milwaukee radio stations!
Don't let our lack of activity fool you! Big changes are under way, along with new music, and plenty of show dates! Stay tuned! :)
My mind is a weapon of mass construction.
RT : Tip: Do you think peanut oil is a nut oil? It's not! It's an edible seed oil! # RWtips
ok got u we'll we got a show at kennywood Park next tuesday so come by
i had a think-alike moment today with
Hahaha me and brother always cuss each other out.. It's kind of bad cause he's in 5th grade
I hate when females try ta "oh, thats my bestfriend" niggas that done had them!
tweet something, lovely Mia.
I know you'll still achieve so much. Hard to cut when you probably dream even bigger than you are now!
Did you know that bread, the world's most widely eaten food, has hundreds of uses? Stop in Firehook Bakery for a slice today!!
I sincerely love attempting to explain our recording process to a 78 year old deaf person... <3 bri
Watching the Blindside with mom and dad
Dallas Mavs are now my 3rd fave NBA team behind the Lakers and Clippers (tied for 1st)!
I know. Blame my dad lol
Abs fuckin hurt
David your right, apparently my acct was hacked! sorry for the previous message
American Idol AND Jersey Shore tonight! WHOOP!
+ =double launch Easter! Bold Faith comes full circle.
Both. We were mandated to temporarily leave.
that's the plan!
Lol !“: Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.”
you're awesome 😃
Can't help but wonder if Cynthia mistakenly saying "Charles Widmore" was a shout-out to #LOST?
STFU NOBODY ASKED YOU TO MENTION SO LIKE B4 STFU
please tell me some one was pointing a camera at this? :)
Off to do 2nd 80+ participants wkshp this week for tchrs of gifted. Can't wait to meet everyone!
Talent alone cannot make a writer. There must be a man behind the book...Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Bday Caroline! I love you for your smile, and everything! You are the most cheerful and optimistic person I've ever met ♥ Kisses!
<cont.> But I will once I get the account reactivated.
I've only watched the last season of the Bachelor for a friend. Now I'll watch one Bachelorette due to Title IX :)
you know it... It Just felt so good
We would not be where we are today without Steve Jobs' vision and creativity. So sad his genius has gone from the world.
Tx for #gaad support, #FF & kind comments , !
What app r u using to download?
Move over bacon!
I could watch that last TD all day. First playoff game of my life for the Packers and one of the best!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
Great weekend! Take time after the game to plan tomorrow. Make snacks, set out exercise clothing, refill water bottles. Then grab n go 2mow!
Just met with ALLEN & GERRITSEN CEO Andrew Graff. Ranked #1 place to work by Advertising Age. Great growing Mass. company!
#tvwriterchat my first chat
my mom had to poop! This is not my fault...
follow me plz im too in luv
awesome i want to date u ?
"try out your voice"- big d
and my name aint bitch. thats your name and my name is nigga
Oh yeah!! RT Oh, and all you #indycar people in the house - say "yeah," - follow
what's ur gamer name on PS3? Mine is Xeroplayinn...send me a friend request or write back and I'll send you one! Go cats!!!
Rick Santorum appears on Leno tonight... the musical guest? OAR.
Epic fail CBS, Ashton is beyond terrible and you need Charlie.. bury the axe my dude, theres still time :/
RT : Same state. :) RT : Governor Christie just called crowd Milwaukee. Oops. You're in Green Bay.
Goal of the Day: Commit to separating your recyclables and putting them out for pick-up!
yes you is ;)
Danny Green, The Spurs and Tony Parker are all trending WORLDWIDE. Heck yes :]
Comment on relationships mapped on Gephi charts in Cur 175 @ #c21gephi. See display for questions. Looking for feedback.
Gallimard pays authors on list price, not net revenues. Makes the author more sensitive to sustaining a higher, sustainable price.
When did Ty $ Sign from Pushaz start playing for the Lakers ???????? With a Hill Jersey on ??????
You've got the right to remain silent. Anything you tweet will be misconstrued and used against you.
So he juss quit texting me? Man, smh all around! Boys.
Famous break up lines "its not you baby its me" o.o
Thanks but it not my birthday, it's my friend's Mine is in a few weeks and I wish it was my 30th!!! 🍸🎂🎉
"a real man wears pink " a real man cries " BULLSHIIIT a real man knows how to treat a women with respect.
Google is truly an innovator! Check out the new voice search feature on on google.com. I've been playing with this all morning!
Dear Lulu, I LOVE TALKING TO YOU & YOUR ONE OF THE MOST EPIKK PEOPLE I KNOW~! i like your name. hehe. Tweet me! Love, Tatsiana
RT :Congratulations, Congress-you managed to piss off the nerds. May God have mercy on your souls - #stopsopa #stoppipa - > brilliant.
He's now at 528.
Pain, pain, go away, come again on Tuesday.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
You should register today: 50 bucks off!
I think that I watch House Hunters more than any other tv show... I don't know why, but it's very entertaining.
Just wanted to say you rocked the HOB tonight my cousin and i drove 10 hrs from ky jus for this BGN all the way kai
was amazing.
you too....i guess.
Congratulations to Kathy Bartels, Jim Todd and Jan Ciotti as Sales Associates of the Month for February!
Hi Zayn! How have you been?! :)
hey... You stole that one from Peter Griffin.
u don't talk to me on twitter I'm sad
It truly is remarkable the influence Steve Jobs had - rest in peace sir.
Yeah, started off slow tho.. NEVER forget the wings when Kyle's around... Lmao I got you. We bout to FEAST!!! :)
follow me mahone and
Rdj had his baby :)
amen! I'm counting on it. *pours another one*
Kobe Beef Corn Dogs or Slice of Prime? It’s savory vs. sweet today on our Facebook page.
Thanks for all the RTs!
I should be the one in her life, but she got away....
Winchell's donuts >>>
It might not happen after work, but it is too good not to miss. BRUNCH TIME!
. damn it hurts ! huuhuhu
A profound mind. :)
; we are going to let it show to the whole world, that I'm yours forever & you're my girl. . .
Tweeting warm Birthday wishes to ! Enjoy your day!
o.O why?
Dear santa, () I've been good all year ()OK most of the time () Once in a while () Fuck it I"ll buy my own shit
At the #Brewers game, almost fell over when they announced Michael Bowden was coming in to pitch for the #Cubs :)
Thanks for the mention.
Tonight was super fun at the dance then ice cream with some crazy friends(:
call us up! They are worth every penny! ;-)
Come on Stoke keep it in the middle of the feild please :)
Sorry to hear that. If not local artists, there are plenty of great indie artists with projects we can support on
i'm going to steal my aunts pup. she's adorable!.
Alex is about to feed me
That run on DT's sucked for the
6oing to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D. My mind is ready to be BLOWN
welcome to my new followers please LIKE us on facebook
Officially in the mix of Hype Machine Mix Vol. 3 let's go!
Like to watch people get interviewed.
I feel like ima cry, lol
How can not have a girlfriend? oh wait, im his girlfriend ^.^! hehehehee!
Rushed to class and there's only 3 other students here.
Why is so much content is being dumped into kids brains, instead of having kids demonstrating mastery, purpose, autonomy ?
It's nap time, wake me up when it's snack time...
Had fun teaching my 6 year old daughter last night the ins and outs of spinnin' vinyls. she picks up fast. DJ MARIA in da house!
Photo shoot with the great Tekla Frates Today!
lmfaoo. They really should.
RevolutionBakry thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I know! I'm really surprised and kinda sad.
time change caught me off guard.
this weekend has been so great man
im proud to say that im one of the 12,960 that you are following(:
#hellskitchen sucks stop talking so much about it! lol
lol I know I know
Happy Birthday Texas… and thanks for all the great Texas products on sale.
A little more than a week till ski season baby!! I'll be spending a lot of time at Stratton this winter.
Entertaining new tattoo ideas...preferably some sort of celtic knot with my initials in it dangling in the middle of a dreamcatcher
Feels so good
Uh huh, counting your chickens before they hatch again huh? lol
What's everybody up to today?
The Crosby Show
I never doubted the both of em The World Is Ours
yah like a toothache. But a little further south
Two newborn shoots and an engagement shoot during the next 72 hours. I'm just going to borrow some of their happy...
Sounds like the same great place to live that I left over 1.5yrs ago:)
MY top Maryland athletes go in this order: 1. Cal, 2. Unitas, 3. Lewis. BUT THAT'S JUST ME.
nice! Your bro has great taste in music :)
dang you cant tell i dont know nothing about drinking lol
Nobody from maryville even knows who you are
you too!
My new year's resolutions include learning a foreign language (maybe Italian?) and work out at least 3x a week. Ready, go!
Homey game tourney starting ina minute
A-Rod ends the game! Sound familiar?
Thanks! I'm absolutely still tied into the outdoor industry . Just coming with an expanded arsenal .
it suck ass for real..
HEY! !! Julia P along with & our other songwriters are performing tonight at in NYC Tix $7 COME!
Watching Chicken Little #likeaBoss (:
RT : Almost warm enough for another backyard movie! <---- and some kickball!
About to ace this World History test though.
This is uh Roof....Shopp...Roof Shopping Kart
He's shacking up with Jada Pinkett Smith on some B-rated show..
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. ~ Thaddeus Golas
#raw10 I expected MADD Mothers Against Drunk Drivers 2 b all over Paris Hilton n Lindsey Lohan. Like PETA was on Michael Vick
since i cant find the beat and its so hot , why dont you post it . i know you still got it lmao
did the battered highway cone also have peroxide orange hair? that would just make the look complete.
You can't compare me to most niggas, because i'm not like most niggas.
i luv u your sexy, hot ,and scrumdelliumpous!!!!!(;<3
Fannie Mae added JPMorgan Chase to its list of largest mortgage servicers on track to receive top ratings in its review program.
I dOnT waNt No oNe ElSE In YoUr aRmS BUt Me <3
Sunday Follow Day RT
They won't shoot me.
I KNEW IT! Sag Here. We're the cool side of the zodiac! RT : I'm a #Scorpio through and through.
Thanks for the shout-out! Send all your amazing LA teens our way!
I never followed him to start with. I wait till they commit...lol
Hmm? I don't get it! I got pino folks who's Fam do it RT : You want some cake and a shot? #QuestionsAskedAtAFilipinoParty lol
Oh you have Twitter! How fancy. ;)
Can you inbox me your rate for a feature please?
Need to know where you vote? Go to SBE.Virginia.gov or call (800) 322-1144.
Love sunny days in the city!!! XD and..... Not havin to bring all of our supplies!! XD
UIUC is an example of a school that gets it rt. Lot of focus on info sci but acknowledgment that libraries are still a thing
I really am just beyond tired right now. I wanna go back to bed.
Really tired on this rainy Philly Day.
I run this lil white boy in class its kinda funny.
Rihanna's New Music video to her song, "Where Have You Been" is pretty hot...
Yes! The 4 of us need to get dinner soon, btw!
where would white castle fit in there?
my goal for the rest of 2012 is to put 100% more Vanessa Carlton into everybody's karaoke experience
was that Roaring rapids at Six Flags? :)
are you going to prom this year ?
it has been depresing :/
Kickoff ESPYS week in LA at the PLAYBOY MANSION with the All-Star Kickoff Poker Party. Email me for details and a sponsorship deck.
9/11 was an inside job.... www.infowars.com
Austin Mahone isn't just a name :) Note that
Prayers and condolences to the family of Andrew Breitbart.
that's a joke! LLN
missing my baby right now, have to do a shit load of art workk wish me luck tweetlingss<3
take sociology of food with prof Greenebaum you'd love it and she's awesome.
for goddamn sure 👌
Looking forward to the Le Pooch photo shoot for our staff tonight! Pictures will be posted on www.lepooch.net later this week! So Excited!
Hulk Hogan ???
Snapper Oscar with crispy seared red snapper, herb crusted crab cake over roasted asparagus & sweet corn, topped with old bay hollandaise
took ya long enough finally on that twitter! keep workin can't wait to see what you bring this year!
Donate Your Motor Vehicle To Car Donation Services For Everyone In Need
kinsman on her husband’s side, a man of substance, of the family of Elimelech, whose name was Boaz. 2Ruth the Moabite said to #Torah 26/9
just looked at the #packers schedule for the first time ...but to be honest they should go at least 14-2, another boring season
i'm trying to get motivated to do something useful today like setup my electonics bench in the basement and maybe put in an outlet or two
Take care Jon. I'm heading into central Phoenix like Clint Eastwood in "Gauntlet"…minus the hot girl and fortified bus.
HBO, Starz, Showtime, Cinemax, EPIX, HD Channels, all free with DISH Network for a limited time. New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428
Snake bitten Badgers lose to the clock again.
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.- Irving Kristol
#oomf goes to sleep fast nd I still be up bored
#OnceUponATime finale!!! Ah it's already so crazy!
haha watching tv waiting for the abdc7 episode ^.^
amazingly, this is somehow my first time!
GROW up
What a beautiful Waltz from ! Why he's great? He's *actually* leading, not just doing steps. Go, DD!
I'll help! Have a great day! I am a Texas girl too ;) Like the hat in your pic Hookem' horns!
Tune in next Friday when Chris Sale moves to left field!
it's weird to think that i dream about so many random people. i wonder if anyone dreams about me.
I would gladly try it out if my university would buy one for me. As an adjunct I don't get the goodies!
Church ! Lord please excuse my recent absences =\ I'll be there today though .
So excited about new high stakes poker! However, I want Norm McDonald out and Gabe Kaplan back
Gearing up to record again! We have about 6 new songs we are excited for everybody to hear!
Who is Derek holland kidding with that moustache?
It is fabulous!! and yes it is, thanks for asking!
Imagine there's wall at Syfy w/ names of animals, natural disasters. Throw darts --> get next movie title
DM me your email addy and I'll send you what I have. I didn't think I was going to get booted, so I didn't save the entire thing
Sick....RT : Watching the POV shots in this video reinforces the fact that I will never be a viral web sensation trials......
sorry no parts today someone got to me and now im just HEATED so sorry if i disappointed people more parts tomorrow
Tom Wilson~ Honesty is the best image.
We got haters, but we never stopping! Only growing!
: 90% of mental health patients receive incomplete or inadequate care.
Oh, I'm watching the finale too.
ATL let's work
i thought we had a chance without Rose....i thought everyone else would step it up and do their thing but nope....smh
I started using it yesterday. I do feel hip.
Happy drinks for happy time: $1 small sake, $2.50 small beer & $5.50 sake bomb. Comeon in;D
I think you need to reread :-) More than 20 minutes every day.
that must be nice
❤ GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!❤ #ILOVEYOU ❤ GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!❤ #ILOVEYOU ❤ GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!❤ #ILOVEYOU ❤ GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!❤ #ILOVEYOU ❤
What is life really about? Never give up on your dreams.....
Ooh, and I like the daily backups! Thanks for the rec!
Thanks to the stupid teacher who fucking reported me for skipping when I wasn't there for the WHOLE FUCKING DAY!
Bakery Sandwiches are here! Stop in and try Ham & Cheese; Turkey, Cheddar & Bacon; Chicken Salad; and Tuna Salad bakery sandwiches!
nope about my guy drama and damn it helped soo much!
Do any standout articles on Arachne in Ovid's Metamorphoses come to mind?
Yay! Let's go Blue!
oh yeah! Forgot about that. Fun times
Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work
Sat apr.10th UFC 112 Dos Gringos Chandler, Alma school S.of Warner DJ DBX on the 1's & 2's See ya there Peace.
Dora and Stewie must be cousins, just look at their heads! Lmao
Of course
Worst day of my life today.....
will do!
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball - #2, Baseball America - #4, USA Today/ESPN Coaches -
Today : reflecting on principles for learning/assmnt & students' writing; workshopping curric maps.
Cider Minutemen, Assemble! Our launch party at Tria is occurring March 27th, 2011. Time TBD. Stay tuned for details!
Last night he had no plan, except take a beat down!
Let the peeling festivities commence... #leopardstatus 👎
RT : AND, tonight, celebrate Community's unschedulization with the least accessible, least marketable episode in its alienating...
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
": So sad my mom did not want to go to red lobster today 😔" Who doesn't want to go to red lobster!?!?lol
Don't be. I'm the last person anyone should be jealous of.
That'd make sense!
Thanx for choosing Stadiumred to kick off the madness. Congrats!
Good night for a pot of homemade chili.
Exactly MT : this is part of frustration. 1 generation clings 2 unfunded pension boosts & throwing next gen under bus.
love it. Have fun!
very disappointing. I still love my Phaedra tho:-)
Happy Monday folks. Go be fabulous. I'm off to Raleigh, NC for my first visit.
Heading with & fam to the last showing of at the 10:15 AM. Come see & spread the word!
Do you have to wear a swimsuit to a pool?
ughh im so mad!!! i cant log on to facebook cuz it say my account is disabled... WTF this is bull shit ...ugh
Lovin Sundown live -- thanks for the extra live tracks on your CD! It is incredible! Looking forward to seeing you on tour
u playing this country shit....& viben , .. I'd rather go blind
nada just bored.
LIFE=BASKETBALL BASKETBALL=LOVE LOVE=FOREVER <3 RT IF YOU AGREE TYLER
How did Time Magazine miss you?????
shh! Don't tell anyone that I get excited when people tweet me ;)
why would you even think about them dying?// awkk. :(
reflection on the prof? :-)
Did someone decide that twitter is a good place to find new customers, starting today? Is it something I tweeted? Seeking sales-free space
because. And im not judging your every move. He's no very nice
Just wanted u to know we are behind you 100%, unfollowed Current, you were 1st person I ever followed on Twitter best luck!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY to the Burton Historical Collection at the I'll visit to celebrate. What should I learn about?
Last chance to donate a #prize to #Festivus! Email
haha he does! but he dont like me :P #ohwell #lifegoeson but hes still a cutie pie <3
Too too kind Meghan - thank you!
That seriously just made me cringe. Ew!
: I like that take on it. Boxes to me should function more like fluid orbs.
you picking up the GF pie from Za or from a GF specialty shop?
about what ... I forgot what you said
Tomorrow should go by fast
It makes Papa John's and Louisville Slugger Field that much nicer RT At least we can agree it was a dump
Great day skiing at #Vail! #ABasin tomorrow then back to DC.
M... The Turkey Lurkey Gobbledy Goodness meal is right around the corner! See ya tomorrow, the dinner is right after church!
The bones of a prehistoric mastodon were discovered 50 years ago in Sussex County, N.J. - Almanac April 30, 2012
As if my 3 barking dogs and blind "yelling" cat weren't enough, I guess the frogs are back. So quiet and peaceful around here :/
": Derrick Rose is an empyrean mercenary, sent by sporting Gods to rid basketball of banal mediocrity with his omnipotence!"
We dig ur profile hero. Way 2 support
Playing two games at once and twice second place
Gonna go into Jefferson tomorrow to go see my favorite teacher. c":
Today 1847: Voters reject proposed state constitution. Sticking points were property rights of married women and black suffrage.
really? I couldn't find it. Facebook was pretty elusive too!
ohh okay haha yeah I have my project due monday...I havn't even started it and today is my only day to work on it! ugh
Don't you just love being assigned more than 3 hours of homework? It's funny how much #sarcasm was in that sentence.
Headed to St. Mary's Roman Catholic Seminary tonight to preach for a service during the week of Christian unity.
way to come back usa!
not this time
Crying watching our Black boys talking about their experiences of being Black.
oh familiar w some of them- great people! U get lots of wonderful support from them I am sure :)
Good exercise! In super-diverse San Jose, we stuck with square dancing, for some reason.
How many of you still enter data and transfer information manually for your business? STOP. Geniustream can streamline it with software!
Love those winning, post season playoffs by jets...
omg why are you so excited..
Soccer? NYSA out on two rivers?
must be wisdom teeth season! Mine are driving me crazy too!
PIKE did the most butt shaking
Breaking News! Punxsutawney Phil, after seeing his shadow, announced that he is going to #SpeakingOfFebruary4th to beat the winter blues!
Best review of my recent piece: I am said to be heralding the coming Borg age by saying soc media is inescapable
"#Obama Rails Against #Bailouts in Speech Defending Auto #Bailout" a humorously titled op/ed by Peter Suderman about the State of The Union
Pourin gin in my trippy cup
"The Revolution is not a cow."
Thank you! Yes maybe it doesn't need to be all or nothing. I'm thinking on it :-) Kuddos to your work for hsoting the class
weird thrift store items? I buy that. git repos at work? I pull that. Petroleum, matches, your rhymes? I BURN THAT!!!!
"You have a duty not to tolerate the poor performer, a duty to the performers." Peter Drucker
Stand up if u want a stronger life!
Thanks for the Rdio tip. And they say Twitter profiles are always the last to go.
Howard Stern has still not apologized for yanking our bit! The WAR on STERN is heating up!
We can draw up your legal documents so you can rest well assured your future is secure. www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Off work...in Delia's with my mama n little sister...
old Eli needs to ram this one home.
If you have to resort to bonus pay, that administration, those teachers need to be replaced - teaching should be pursued as an OATH.
A friend would hold your umbrella in the rain. But a best friend would take it and say "RUN BITCH RUN!" I thought of you(x
Me and the homie Mono watching the celts game talking about the Jordan days. Good times.
the whole film is where you tweeted it actually. I don't know of a series.
JZ couldn't make a putt last week to save your lives. He is HOTT today. We are scrambling us two -1 thru 22 holes.
Shorty said to the girl with the huge rump "I'm glad my boyfriend is not here.....walk on b*tch" lmao
the baby talking by the child mother on 16 & pregnant might kill me.
Radio host Tony Katz to AFP: confronting the occupiers, those evil elitists, that's how we win
Happy Friday everyone! :o)
frustrated. so damn frustrated.
