-- QUESTION: How many times have you been sued? Or threatened to be sued? It's for a paper..
Having a drink at M Bar followed by a birthday dinner at Asana
now if someone could sell patience in a box they would b on to something! ~ek
yes yes yes :)
kill it on Soundcheck tonight. Hug for me.
My friend Kevin's her guitar tech...
My mouth is semi-numb after going to Jamba Juice. I'm slurring all my speech now.
Every day I network to begin the launch of homelessdogmusic.com Please submit new music.
Elton John claims that today's music is "uninspiring" and "boring." Do you agree?
Since it looks like the post got cutoff. The saws are discounted to $900. email: for details.
thanx! It was exciting!!!
dj its "lying" not lieing learn to spell
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Undeclared Milk in Certain RED SQUARE brand ENERGY COOKIES
you're at dade??
1of2: Just curious if anyone knows if I enter invention ideas into a Search box to find out if there is already something made by someone,
Anyone with twitter follow us /arvrclothing DEF need to beef up followers! lol
what r u doin on Twitter in class
Good morning everyone!
Jason Bay is a good guy...but Kirk N., Scott I have no Hairston, and Lucas Duda are productive OF! oh and Torres!
I wanna meet some new people, I'm getting sick of seeing the same ones all the time
Join us and make a rainbow hat with a pot of gold for St. Patrick's Day at the River Park Branch on March 15th at 6pm. For ages 4 and up.
": I dont even knoe wdf a demerit actually means !?" A step in a discipline plan. Lol!
~ Yo Mark! It's been a long time! Lets catch up Bro!
Our next #NOLA swap will be in March or April. I'll be sure to share the exact date once it's confirmed!
Well, the NFL playoffs will occupy a January Saturday. I'll settle for 740 on a Thursday or Friday. ;-)
OMG KEKE ALWAYS SMELL LIKE BABYPOWERD >>>>
Wuzup chick!! #Thunder .. lol j/k
suuuuppperrrrrr proud of myself though ^.^
to be fair, I started following you last summer at Kei's suggestion :)
Chi town traffic is insane today!
Top Dunks of the Week
just heard Sidney Crosby was finally cleared for full contact, Congrats Sid, you're one step closer to being back
It's pho time. Indubitably.
--have one on me. how often do you smoke cigars?
Free Hands-on Kids activity Thursday 4 - 5 p.m. at the Brevard Art Museum. No registration required. Ages 3 and up.
Try beating it in total silence sometime...
congratulations! So proud! Best of luck to you ! :D ❤
Hoping to have a torrid love affair with the sun today...
Looking forward to #TheVoice Live shows tonight
Hey, could you tweet your fans about joining your street team? Starting fresh- deleting inactive members, making new group.
Is repression necessary?
what's the MGM invitational challenge thing the winner gets ?
you've got a picture! Love it!
Had to wait a long time. Hope it's worth it.
RT RT #BHG okay, wow. s'mores shut up the whole table. all you can hear is 'nom nom nom'.
Heading to the #ms50 start in a cool light drizzle
I don't think folks realize how big a hit that was for the #Nats, Sammy. The #staff could miss him. Big time.
#luminariasa Fun! Great people & art. Only complaint is the less than artistic beer selection
- that was awesome man, thanks for posting it
today seems like a perfect day for a massage and pedicure....:-)
I'm hungry and Bored
If you want to know what you are committed to, take a look at the results in your life.
My legs hurt like a bitch.
sureal art is pretty cool XD
hahah I don't know if im good enough to be giving out pointers but ill be happy to help if I can...and drink some beers w/you!
Trying to eat as much pasta as humanly possible before the rooster weight loss challenge. Pasta, I will miss you
“: what is that in your twitcon? It's beautiful o____o” a Hoyes Oil Rig! Comes with nail, dome, dish, & dabber.
We do those too. Send us an email at or . Or send us your email and we'll follow up
tomorrow im gonna try and aim for getting 10000 points on App Trailers! I WANT THAT ITUNES CARDD!!!
is loving #SXSW! One more day left... #rockinyourhealth Come see us in booth 1339!!
We are praying for you tonight at our service. Blessings man of God!
that moment in the conversation where u realize "oh wait, ok. i'm never going to ever talk to you again. like this is our last conversation"
Seminar with Susanne Lundin talking about the commodification of bodies and body parts as an extension of the global economy.
#yes let's do it. i live right up the street from your office.
what do you want to study?
#TwitterCypher "im the hottest up and comin, hundred miles and runnin, kid bright like the smart guy, but still go the dumbest"
Thanks! Green tea could be the best energy drink. A quick yoga session really helped me today.
Agree RT : He deserved it. I want to punch Marc Davis in the face, but Rondo deserved it.
Anyone ever notice how awkwardly spelled 'awkward' is? I love it when words perfectly represent their concept.
This IS a good day! Do it more often. “: Here's what I did today: Slept in. Ate a pop tart. Read fashion, gossip and cooking
Maybe this world is another planet's hell. ~ Aldous Huxley
come back to chicago =/ i remember the first time i saw you at the House of Blues :D
Enjoying this coffee to the fullest before a long day of work!
Johnny Damon. Please help extend this Indians winning streak.
is editing video, and combing through some audio..putting together stuff for our #loyal listeners/fan base
I do not want to be at work right now. And Im working a double fml
that's what we're having @ my house!
omg i shit myself i was like WHAT how do you know what top im wearing! im wearing a justin one right now ahha but what top ?
Hey Jon Just checking in - how did you like the Designing for Reusability 2.0 webinar?
You are lucky maybe that is why you have such a good view of life! I bet you help them as well!
So... what are you doing tonight? ;)
Pdx winterhawks are our only hope
Thanks Roger for sharing Amy's blog with your followers! Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday :-)
RT : Suicide isn't cowardly, wanna know what's cowardly? Treating someone so bad that they want to end their life.
yes, I believe it does!
Anyone know of any ASL interpreters? DM me if you know of any leads, I need one tonight.
Haha nah. Just some heroine. No big deal.
Opening this weekend!! Make your reservations! 414-502-7368 80 degrees! New servers, New huts, New cocktails, New food options!
For a second I thought that was directed at me and I was all "WHAT??REALLY??" then I was all "Oh..not me D="
Ready to go
I wld pay my boss $100 to let me sleep for the rest of my shift right now I swear
Thanks for the A CITY OF BROKEN GLASS giveaway RTs!
good one!
This stupid bipolar Florida weather....
now I want cake too :(
Come pick up your free Grizz headband all day today @ FedExForum. Gettin down to Grizzness
I'm not gonna.. its alright. No naggy customers.. get payd more. I can actually do overtime. Lol its prettt chilld.
I love this!!
What would you guys do if I told you I was one of the boys? Just wondering.. (:
It's raining
Atty Gen Jim Hood is not a fan of Barbour. Said he ran the state like Boss Hog.
: elderly Indian woman sitting next to me at the Marriot bar says "Wade is very good. I think Miami wins tonight." And how, lady.
I hate having to start conversations first.
#RAGE RT RT : On 4/12, Twins scored 10 vs the Angels. Today is their second highest scoring game this year.
No distrust made him waver concerning the promise of God...fully convinced that God was able to do what he had promised. Rom 4:20-21
Damn! Barton of QPR is a thug and a half!
There's just one life to live and there's no time to waste.
jealous lol have fun bro
Hey Rocio! Next time you're near 4th/Boyle or #MariachiPlaza, stop by for a tour!
#Bookzilla was exhausting yesterday... but of course I'm back for more today. Heading out to see Edward Hirsch.
gosh, that's a tour made in heaven. Come to NASHVILLE!
Great piece tonight on All Access at 10:35 on (ch4) w about &
Three more finals to go #summer is approaching:)
WI Wear Clothing company Will be here soon!!!!!
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
this is getting absurd. the holidays have broken and i apart. we need to get back to where we were two months ago.
very welcome. Holla anytime.
totally in love with #Walter. Have rescued three strays myself and they add nothing but <3 <3 <3 to my life. What an angel!
Packaging makes a difference in family activities: fancier packages = more perceived importance.
Hi, I'm a Wantit.
Wish me luck guys😣 I'm home...
you act like you are doing so much for the troops when you are just giving them nothing but undercard fights
only a thought - my brother's firm went from full IT Dept to one part-timer. Depend on his model of course
Wisdom out the ass
Already exhausted! And this weekend with guests at home is officially starting today! Thank god I bought some wine!
I'm talking with a chauffeur
lol I saw it !
#WorstFeeling= forgetting any symbol included with a # makes it non-searching ;)
Jesus paid the price for us, But you have to pay your tickets lol
women who make the money > women who spend the money
I hate when ur friends post all over thier profile how much they love ur bf
I'm still waiting for this game to turn into a Yankees Classic.
Chicago friends, check out Chi-town transit inspired tees!
Happy to help
Listening to David Sedaris live in #Rochester. Hilarious!
Played hip hop and top 40s garbage a few years ago, opens for house legends today, that's the epitome of local politics gone wrong.
so far my classes suck but I'm hoping they get better
But im back doe
but what did POTUS order? Callowhill, right?
we have dc weather. 70 and little/no humidity.
The sincerity of this family is so pure. True happiness is so apperent and it fills the air with love and everlasting hope.
What group-friendly attraction do you like in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
The single greatest World Series game I have ever seen in my life..
Seriously NBA Playoffs just need to start
I'm so sorry, but now I have to steam clean the coffee I split out while laughing so hard at that tweet.
come to Miami c'mon son
It is good to see #JamesHarden playing again.
Morning all its friday lets have a great n blessed day
I can tell : I'm bored
Off to school now, guys! :\.
Nuggets making mincemeat of the Lakers. Go Denver!
I'm talking about Amile Jefferson committing to Kentucky
You too, again thank you!
Pinterest users say they're afraid to pin products b/c they're afraid they'll sell out before they're able to buy them.
New Jersey tomorrow.
I have a friend that says "Arthur-itis" instead of arthritis. It makes me giggle.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Church went great!!!!
am learning to embrace Halloween; does not come naturally!
Awesome song \m/
Would be happy for him? I don't wanna.
The team keeps getting stronger everybody welcome to Tuesday nights 7pm-9pm
RT : that's why internal SoMe space is needed. #realwplearn <--Absolutely. Just meant where you go is defined by what you need
i'm too much of a perfectionist for life.
Thats awesome! “: Someone told me they started reading books again because of me. That made my day.”
I am a content deliverable
so I forgot to put nail polish on both hands. carefully applied three coats. looks bomb. just one hand though.
on Fox has been awesome so far! Another TKO! Belcher is a beast
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)xoxooxxoxoxo
Keep an eye on your inboxes. Details of our next events will be there soon.
Revenge of the Inge
: The U.S. involvement in Libya as a precursor for future involvement in M.E. nations, such as Yemen and Syria.
Take a pledge to stop rape in conflict. Upload a photo or video with your pledge and include the hashtag
may your pampering go well :)
ice on our street...we are in 38119 by Hutchison and Lausanne. What about Lausanne??? Open? Closed? Thanks!
don't thank me I love u give me 1 reason why I won't follow my Idol ..!!!
Going grocery shopping! <3
The Artist's dudes wife with the camera phone realizes this is being filmed right.
Doing new headshots today with my friend Envelopes- looking like some good shots.
yeah I'm thinking of the blanket or a water bottle humidifier...thinking about it, blanket's probably better
RT : Q5)What activities could you design or structure to ensure that learning is more of a stream than an event? #lrnchat <Godd ? Hm
promo me 30x amd i will 30x
like I'm God here we go lol.
The best memories come from bad ideas!.
thanks for the kind words, come drink some riesling!
talkin about how u need a woman...lol.. silly... no one needs.. they want
That was over-confidence or sheer ignorance. We had never even held a Commonwealth or Pan-Amercan Games, We were behind other (next)
. and I are creating "Fridays after 5" bingo cards for silly fun. What are you likely to spot on the DT Mall?
I'm back and want to share some of the crazy dating adventures I've had via Craigslist.
NEW email..make a note ...thx
Great Wall of Mars, Grafenwalder's Bestiary, Weather, A Spy in Europa
your commercials tonight are comparably louder than the tv show I was watching.
haha. noo. your taking my last tweet wrong. I thought it was funny how y'all already knew he was about to start something. 😂
How many miles is the monorail system at Disney World? First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of...
Looking to network with Modeling Agencies and Record Labels for our Organization. Hit me up!
just so confused about our relationship .
Nice flop, Steve Blake. Somewhere Anderson Varajeo is golf-clapping. Poor can't BUY a call.
at the hospital with my grandpa ... hoping today won't be his last day... :'(
Just a heads up: Henderson Libraries will be closed this coming Saturday, Sunday and Monday in observance of the Christmas holiday.
Oh this Man City game is unrral
The type-oriented contents pages organize material with similar characteristics and formats, usually by topic
so Magan Fox is out of Transformer 3
I feel like absolute shit, have a drs appointment in 10 minutes.....I fear I will have to sit there foreva.
I just miss what I had, I'd rather go threw hard times with than without. My heart is full and I just wanna spill out what its full of.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results. George S. Patton
it's a well known hazard of outdoor nightie-wearing. not that i'm trying to dissuade you
Every great opportunity is not a God opportunity!
Thank you for #militarymon mention!
##FF who is strangely obsessed with Horses and eBooks judging from his post but must be a decent dude.
It appears it has been. We'll be sure to keep you updated on new postings from !
One good thing about Sharia...Metal thieves would lose a hand!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
rocks. Now going home. See you at Tap by one. First round is on me.
Quick Hits: Usability Problems Hurt ‘Do Not Track ’ Technology In today's Quick Hits, we talk about the effectiveness of Int
Many THANKS to all the volunteers from and and for coming out to our Dog Days event!
RT : Need some more followers from the hood....#TeamHillDistrict where tf yall at?
I can understand that
Every Woman has a Breaking Point yall
Math SMH why do we even have math?!?!!! -_____-
TweetDeck on the iPhone or Desktop?
when are you going to crickets? Via
Whew, I'm back at school and working on my prospectus after a long hiatus.
Working on my rhetoric, technē, and DH paper, I got an idea for a paper about Twitter where Twitter is considered a category of thought.
reaching in isn't a foul, it's just good defense
Rep. Ted Poe (R-Texas) says on House floor that EPA should be renamed "The War Dept." Probably not going to happen.
#SXSWi is right around the corner! is gearing up for a good time in Austin. Come see us, booth 1339!
New website up and invites your presence, now: www.sullivanstpress.com
You guys want to go see Book of Mormon with us?
Early Monday morning dabs of Cotton Candy Kush Wax. Irie!!!
Make sure to drink some tonight to avoid being hungover for reading day tomorrow...
did you survive carmageddon? :)
no. Just giving folks who follow areas by the District number. He is at his home in frankfort this weekend!
But when you're a nervous wreck, you can drink, so I'M jealous.
4.) OKAY to shout mean things at the opposing team. NOT OKAY to be mean to anyone else.
Good morning. Had a heck of a weekend...back to life back to reality...
Camera's face recognition detected the faces on some of our prints. Can't decide if that's impressive software or amazing print work...
Devil's Playground- decent movie, though they tried to drive it with a plot, not a bad thing, just was expecting a more typical zombie flick
Alright tweeps need ur help. Want to buy a horse farm in the Clinton/ New Franklin area
Feeling lonely? Know that your best friend is with you..... God! x
- insert Obama's name where Cains is and see how that sounds
Have an ART-tastic weekend in #PGH, everyone!
Access, PowerPoint, Word & Excel: you use them every day, but are you an expert? A 1-day course could change your work life!
Great article.
I think that is the 1st time we've ever heard Vin Scully personally align himself with the home team, referring to Ethier as "our" hitter
Follow me?<3
I was saying at work
Hey there! Let's see your tweets!
Ready to hear Jason Griffey speak about the Future of Tech.
Tried to, to many moving parts and it's about horse racing which is a lull most of the year anyway. Got into House of Lies.
When adding media, thinking about if it will help the learner (not just cool to have)
Interior/Exterior painting experts. Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's painting Con. Lic #630616 www.mrdspainting.com
Probably should have bought life insurance instead! ;)
Yes mam' I did.
we hope you feel better
#FF His and her shopping
your the only acception !
just as long as he doesn't poke you in person you're ok
Been there so I know how you feel. Never did receive that email though.
Are we REALLY chillin at 399? 1 person go sub! You could win mass effect 2 for the 360! youtube.com/michaelandnatetv
I just realized, I have no one to tell corny jokes to anymore :O
Walking around in my cap. Shit.
that's right....and yes it was amazing
I have been surprisingly productive today! Happy Friday!
Going to see Tower Heist this evening for dinner and a movie friday with Tom.
Thanks for the Retweet!
"i kissed a 7th grader on the neck tonight"
You without me is like cornflakes without the MILK!
I think so too! I hope it turns out the way I think it should. :)
Goodbye, hero.
did you end up resolving your Fusion Tables KML to GeoCommons issue? sorry we didn't see it before
you are welcome; have a great weekend
We would love to come on your show. Talking about the most advance Gps unit in the world..
thanks for following. I noticed that you have 3 locations. Would you like to find out how to make 200 extra sales per month?
Whatever..hey are you ignoring me?
#uknowubrokewhen u ask sumbody to borrow bus fare to go ask for a loan lol
many people have called me very bad names because my Twitter account is i only got it becuz they didn't want it!
It's amazing how my simple smile can hide all of my confusing questions,.
it was also nice seeing you:-)
you need a pic of some kind! Get rid of the egg.
oh you know, trevor got zach to grind on me..
your words of advice to ladies is bad advice. Leave before looking elsewhere if she is not giving u what u need & vice versa.
Get too close and you can be burned.
Asian Carp for dinner? Just finished a meal of Asian carp spaghetti, tacos, chili and even hot dogs. It was surprisingly good.
she all trying to get me looking a mess, and then she going to put it on instagram.
Hm what toy aisle category would a Slinky be on?
the brownies actually tasted amazing.
#ImThatPersonWho won't give two fucks about you unless your with me..
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. ~Pablo Picasso
thanks for the follow - interesting stuff on your timeline! Will watch out for your tweets :-)
Will there ever be another band as awesome as Subtle?
Docs are so afraid of malpractice and are coerced to prescribe drugs...
i really enjoy finances-the whole budgeting, saving, earning something after you saved-its rewarding to have discipline in that area
leavin in tha mornin to go to myrtle les get it
an online course in ruby, hosted on a site written in php. hm...
she's the one asleep on a toilet seat with the end of her tail dangling in the water
The library opens at 7:30am.
Awesome! I loved it! :)
Thank you to all the moms and dads who came over to work on the crafts!!!! The girls are gonna LOVE them!!
I've changed my handle! Living dangerously...using my first and last name :)
#techtuesday How do we begin to support this information selection in kids, without taking away their curiosity?
How can you be tired? One Direction's on SNL!
Trying to hold my composure
Mind keeps running endlessly like centipede
Thanks Daniel
Miller: worldView identify collections & build new views-personal collection management. Eg display on timelines and embed into apps
this is sha'meek president of FLE and 2originals manager..having an hard time contacting u on FB, are u locked off?
Yes! Please send them! I should be working on it tomorrow afternoon.
the say 'people lear from mistakes' soo put my in as the mistake :)
My portfolio looks so good :)
hey it's my sisters () b-day, can you PLEASE wish her a happy b-day?
Great to see while I'm back in Omaha!
I think we're seeing the last of Ron Paul
where are you??
yeah! maybe
I love big daddy!! ;) haha
and see there you have 5200+ and you responded. Thank you and thank your dad for me. Great show and awesome cast.
I can't wait to clean the bathroom tomorrow. It's going to be awesome.
Khaleej Times Sport - tennis
RT : It's the last day of Super Double coupons Go use them! I saved $33 and I'm not even a dedicated couponer!
Don't tell me no.
What would your view of #love be like without the influence of society and media??? Hm..... I bet u would recognize them when u saw them
At the Green Bay Polar Plunge 2day.Ready 2 jump (again) 4 Team
where's Tanner?
they don't actually engage better then reg schools on a whole. Some are good, but "choice" is silver bullet that harms kids.
but im still
I have to remind myself that really good people can be blinded by lack of knowledge and personal experience.
i felt that guy got a raw deal. i hope he is released.
I don't mind driving on toll roads, but I don't think I should have to see billboards every 500 feet when doing it.
Hey do you remember insulting at Sundance? What a wanker, lol. But Judd is bloody awesome. Good times! Cheers!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza!!! Any 14in pizza, any toppings just $12 ! Saturday Only
I wanted to get my master's, it was in my plans! No longer...
Why does Trimet dispatch 1-car trains at rush hour?!
Public Safety mtg 10 a.m. Council will discuss recent findings of fire dept audit.
Do you happen to have a web site that I could check out?
Yeah, I'm leaving at 2am. Got accepted to school there, job pays better, and closer to Ty
There should be a minimum glitter requirement for Broadway productions ~ (learning ab't union contracts/minimums)
gonna go to my boyfriends baseball game :D excited
wow lol how are you
I learned some important life lessons tonight I can play guitar with stitches, life isn't as bad as I make it out to be
"Once you get on the Cain Train, you never get off." Horror movie tagline or presidential campaign slogan?
We're still watching a movie in geometry so I don't have to go to tutoring 😃
lol seriously!? Wish I was there to see "Crazy for You"! Love you.
Also, LARDY PARTY
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
Ryan Braun's suspension was overturned, and Woody Allen is nominated for 2 Oscars. Take that Hitler.
"I'm not a businessman. I'm a business, man." Jay-Z
The John Edwards sex tape is being destroyed. Ah man, I was just looking forward to never watching it
Yay! We're a winner at ! Voted Best of Remodeling in the Design category! Thanks ya'll!
I saw your letter from a college in Wyoming! Hahah
craigslist man. Good deals on there
crying i wish i was at right now :(
Can we get #3on34Niebs trending. Can you give a shout out to your followers? We've got money to raise! :) Thanks so much
in your dreams sharpening guru? Seriously? Have not seen a single scissor that even gets close to mine new website coming
i want to recapture the surrealness of the dream i had last night where solid mass became liquid and cactus flowers danced and shared wisdom
aye brah phone died but just park in the front of the complex , were headed there now
Butt In The Meantime
We need to get her flipping tires too SE!
that was mean! #freakishlytall gotta love being small! Right, ?
We are working on my new website today! Is anyone interested in a sneak peak!?
6. Studies suggest there may be a link between gum disease & cardiovascular disease. Brushing & flossing teeth helps ward off gum disease.
...not to mention time riding your new bike!
I just said the same thing to my husband! He obviously drank some crazy juice!
I wonder how ERB would take this anthology. How do authors usually react when someone else writes their characters?
none of the above?
This medium is very facilitative of misreads
- Love the artwork on your site!
I will make you tap.
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb wax from Green Dove. irie!!!
The reason the grass looks greener on the other side is bc u cant c the poop from where u r!
Anyone know a good resource for online book groups? I'd like to start a private one for long distance family.
yeah, there are a few highlights, but I think it's better to take advantage of the empty restaurants this weekend
Danger Danger
Anyone going to spac DMB on Saturday the 9th from #roc? That I can #carpool with?
we had a lil BBQ today, and chillin safely on the couch now. I'm old.
Awesome...Mike is great!
Dammit! Brewers, you got um next game!!
That's what you're all about! Congratulations! I'll try not to ask you too many questions for your next column.
omfg, is this the icecream truck or am i dreaming....
yea den we can go on our piercing date lol
Drew puts Lakers up 7. Get 1 of 2 on the road then handle business at home.
I agree MLB legends are born in October
Final four games today!! NCAA Championship Monday. Basketball fans unite!! Watch all the games with us.
Me too! lol Come by sometime when you get a break from work!
But I still can't SEE you....
it's fun haha
who was your favorite diva or superstar growing up who inspired you to be a wwe diva
shit idc he can bring some dayum chinesse food for all care shoot he not gonna get far imma be like this my girl bruh!
what it do!!!
Q-sex? with me? A-tahahahahaa. not no. HELL no.
Lol RT : ": Huge show that day , whats going on man? How u been RT : may 24th"damn Donnie you ...
The diabolical violin teacher has figured out a way to make the child practice everyday. Oh goody. So cute a screechy at the same time.
So salt, no more Mo for my Yanks.. They'll still reach the AL Championship atleast.
"If you wont say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets. That's how e-thugs get introduced to beef."
Just finished a new ring design. Pics soon.
buttons? Gumdrops?
woke up early !
At a Secret Panda Society concert, not sure about the music (dubstep) but they got panda hats on so they get my approval
I have reached the point where all my edits are in and it's time to forge ahead with the actual
Santorum - worse debate performance possible. Terrible.
All i care about is money and the city i wish i was from.
I can't even act like I didn't just spend $10 at
in what manner? I moved here in1995...
I want a Unicorn towel and pillow pet. Is there something wrong with me?
Rain, Rain, Rain....which means you are in need of new Rain Cosmetics stop in today!
A 5k on my lunch hour. Suck it, cold virus.
i feel like im in a oldies kinda mood :)
See you at the Hyatt in 20!
Coffee is NOT included with the mug! Developers didn't say this anywhere. 1 star
Celebrating another anniversary today--2nd anniversary of ACA passage-preventative and affordable healthcare for women!
I believe it's true that today a large percentage of people just want to be a victim.
Thanks, really would appreciate that!
I want you but don't need you
Definelty tanning when I get home
I wonder if we didnt have music, what would the world be like...hm, i think boring as f*$&*
Back at Atsides today 11-2:30 stop by mention Twitter or Facebook and get $1 off Konezee is King
KFC sounds good right now.(:
RT : Men are so effin retarded and get on my nerves!
all nighters with , part two!
Thanks for the follow! Did you get Samantha's entry for your photo contest?
Meeting NOW in Middleton, 4th floor presentation room.
chillin with my friends what bout u
Who is at Passion???
time to do part 2 !
same just watchn the celtics game .
welcome to BMORE. You'll see me at M&T rocking Crimson Tide & Mt Cody jersey!
occasionally on a work-from-home-day I catch fire and write until exhausted. today was not one of those days. i blame the twitter.
Ugh..work is SO boring today.. :-/
US Ed reform is confusing many. is developing #ondemand ED.Great insight & project.is this the future?
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
The clave will never go out of style. From The Band to , it's so good!
but may have got eaten by cats this week, i haven't talked to him.
Not sure if this is news but heard that Kathleen Falk likely will be running for Governor..not happy about it.
What a performance from Driver on #DWTS! Who agrees that he should have received a 30?!
we shall soon find out lol, will be making my way to SD the end of the month for a weekend! I'll hit u up!
that's actually kind of tempting...hm...
Yup, I read that last night. Good!
Time to download every country song possible for summer car rides & concerts? yep.
same here...bout to go ham watchout
Where's your man at now?
good!! how r you?
Thanks Eileen! We appreciate the feedback. If you get the chance, show us to some of your friends :)
“: 4 students AND TEACHERS: "The righteous person faces many troubles,but the LORD comes 2 the rescue each time."Psalm 34:19”
There are lots of potential upsets this week. I think Arizona State could easily beat Missouri at home on Monday
": Studies suggest that girls/women are more attracted to someone who can make them laugh. #AGirlJustWants" so true <3
Over time again...
Gabon, Botswana, Tunisia, and Kenya lead the way in mobile penetration in Africa
Brewski's then ferrell's on a Sunday in #fayetteville_ar, there is nothing better! Both places:great booze, great prices!
Victim of #surrogacy scheme calls defendant, Carla Chambers, a "greedy con artist who shopped babies to highest bidder"
#Romance tip of the week :The next time you are at a store your mate likes, pick up something for him or her for absolutely no reason.
Today is the big day! Wake up and time to root for the & ! sunshine
Dog like. I cant even understand why u jus came at me like that..
Are you going on an expedition? I flew in one of those from Boston to Bangor, but without the clear blue skies. Enjoy ;)
It's the worst!
RT : I dont go shopping. I go buying. If you have to try it on, then you dont want it
I'm exhausted from all that burning and shooting people I did last night.
Thanks for having Dr. Dave speak on energy efficiency/being green at the breakfast yesterday morning! What a fantastic group!
i want fried chicken /:
glad yous alive.
Well, you have certainly peaked my interest. Really looking forward to tomorrow. See you then.
Watch out march madness here come the Jugadores!
2012 features Shalaw on the cover!!
fcc allowed cable cos to strangle it
hm I can't wait to watch the game!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from all of us at SHDC!
thank you ❤💗
#WRESTLEMANIA28 was epic but is still running the show
I'm seeing The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk at SXSW 2012.
Hey Matt, any thoughts on Doyels column proclaiming UK will dominate every year.
Seth hid my frappe. Dick.
I know #Vegas #blackjack players want some cameraderie but lady, I'm not rooting for your $15 #doubledown to win.
BostBizBootcamp thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
When the fuck did Adam LaRoche start hitting in the months of April and May?
wishes you an amazing weekend as well!
Haha do you say eh at the end of all your sentences? Lol and I have a friend from canada.
Well imma go.. I have surgery in tha morning
Itz No Such Thing As Part Time Hustlin.....Get Yo Mind Right!!
When it rains it pours.
Gotta get the rest of my stuff up out this apartment then no more drama
You should be able to store your things w/out worrying about damage or security. Your stuff is safe with us.
don't wanna kick it with you Justin! Haha
Being heartless is the only option left
I haven't emailed my CSE lab partner with an email address linked to my Facebook account, so I can't imagine how they suggested him!
THINGS THAT I REALLY DO: Flush toilets with motion sensors on them by waving my arms like a wizard.
Josh smith's gettin traded for such a weak shot
": I has the exact change in my pocket, but I was too high to speak. #stonerjewproblems"
I never thought I'd be the household without toilet paper. Looks like I'm holding it :/
Broasted Chicken has been very popular this week, so let's do it again. $1 off buckets today.
thanks! We can't wait to wear them for Pride.
You got me lifted shifted higher than a ceiling And ooh wee it's the ultimate feeling You got me lifted feeling so gifted ... ❤
ReEntry is an opportunity for us to come together, discuss plans for moving program goals fwd & prepping stdnts to adjust to life at home.
life to short to be sad for so long
I'm scaring people because I'm so angry.
Me equivoque, dos.
RT : I can speak 2; English and Spanish…a little French, Italian, and Na’vi. LOL. - ZS
#MacBook Ultrabooks to MacBook Air: Time to step up your game
Update: The court has "temporarily lost" the case file. No big deal.
Yes! Discover ur TRUE self! Ur right! RT: "...you are not who you think you are...you are actually more and better..." (via )
Thank you for following me! I will follow you as soon as i get off of following limit. xox
Beary Basic hooded towel sets make wonderful baby gifts. Wash mitt and rubbery ducky included! Splish Splash!!
A kik message saying "Hey Beautiful. (:" is a wonderful thing to wake up to! :)
Any chance Carmelo Anthony is traded?
thanks so much for your RT today!
Happy Thursday! This morning is going to be a morning on my way to the Chocolate Blues Fest.
Drinking free* RedBull all day keeps the mind sharp and receptive to innovative ideas
Missed you at SXSW! Maybe next time!
Philippe Hersant has a couple of great pieces - "Niggun" and "Hopi."
Can you run for office and effectively do your job as a congressman's top aide? Steve Danon's opponents don't think so. Story soon.
RIP Facebook ? What is this even all about anyways..
Bfast, lunch, nd dinner consist of these cough drops.
Great, thanks for the tip!
if you can donate an instrument please send to : Music Team SF- MofT Attn: Seth Mausner 791 Myra Way San Francisco, CA 94127
Well you'll just have to come back! We have our HomaGrown showcase going on tonight.
Watching "Andrea Mitchell Reports" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Waking up in time for the House retirement speeches, one of my favorite parts - the awkward man hugs among #mnleg colleagues
Did you guys invite the drivers to the game?
Designer Diamond Engagement Rings
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind....
This is one of those moments I miss the Minneapolis skyway. Where are all the takeaway options in downtown san diego?
likewise...bout to call it a night. got work early In morning
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future. Interesting.....
It was, but John being so hilarious is what makes it so great. Never gets old.
Hey followers watchin south park but was wondering
Its supposed to be gorgeous today. its gonna be 69 degrees later(; yay!
Let's go #UK #Wildcats! Beat #LSU !
when I tell you how I felt, I expected way diffrent. yeah im special to ya now. smfh!
Media discussions coming to mobile apps. Hooray!
WeBeGreater.com T-Shirt sales party @ Aventine aventinesf.com today from 5pm. Buy a t & you could win tix to Sunday's game
Gah so early. Well good morning anyway! Hope you all have a great day!
Uniqlo has not called me back. Hopefully the other 2 places I applied to, hire me soon. ^_^
New followers
i agree.
#975 is the number tonight on
RT : Great persons aren't accidents! They are results!!! Make It Your Moment!
I just gave the maintenance guy a Reese's. It's called selflessness. Or disgust with peanut butter, whichever way you want to look at it.
Thanks Katy!! Much appreciated!
u got too much joy to grill!!!
Comon saints hold on only 1min 30seconds your can win!!!!
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:3
its cool love but goodmornin (:
Myrtle Lawrence of Wellsville just qualified for #FroggyFlyaway to
Greinke on-deck.
Where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right, is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong? ~ Jane Austen
RT : It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
awesome! I just want to make quality movies that are remembered
Is Twitter messed up? Won't let me add anyone! 
Congrats to all the Grammy winners! www.gailboyd.com
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in a visible & tangible fashion. ~Honore de Balzac
I love that! Good job
lo idk its been a while since i been on and i come to a mention that i never text u back..??
#iusedtothink showing up late to class was cool.
Hope you are doing great! I just saw some old pics when you came to WGCI in Chicago like 15 years ago!
And you with yours! Yes! My parents were married in Logan, UT, and my grandma grew up there.
So you're pointing to the Galaxy reserve team guys who are rarely in the 18 to prove a point that LA are getting younger?
Certainly! Enjoyed conversing. Maybe Mr. Weber will lend his interpretation as well.
ha rlly:p are you trying 2 get him to follow u??and honestly all i did was follow and next think you kno he followed back haha
Holy shit you guys, I feel SO HAPPY right now. It's weird, and awesome.
I hope you have a great weekend! It's always nice to see you online!
Let me see that tootsie roll!
Anything that Rihanna touches turns to gold...
Lost Dog Name Not Given - $500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI.
If you have musical talent, does it need to be shared, or can it be used solely for personal comfort?
Lets go
yes from Chicago and love Justin!
not fly if ur wrestling another guy....they go hard a little to hard.
I swear is the sweetest,funniest new amazingly beautiful person ever <33 I love you
I wanna be FOREVER YOUNG!!
hollywood undead was amazing! cant wait for ffdp and hatebreed.
Seems like everybody is breakin up, new years resolutions? Lol
como a las 8:30. Ok bye
thanks! re "Congratulations to the #Zepheira team on Recollection progress and the LC keynote at #SemTech"
there is only out of 10 25 does not exist what did you give her -25 i think you did ha im just kiddin but really
Ha! You aren't alone RT : I think my smart phone is broken.... I pressed my home button but I'm still at work.
3rd Saturday in October...enough said.
"so the people started to sing / and that's how the surf gave birth, I'm told / to California Soul"
blah blah blah Drew!
This book I'm reading: I love it but I'll be damned if I understand a word of it.
Remember when you used to be funny & not constantly pushing your products on twitter?
I cant choose a favorite lyric! :s Te Amo please notice me! #20millionsofbeliebers :(
Does it make ME weird that I need to rationalize a taco's construction by comparing it to a serial killer?
First ever boot shine. Thoroughly enjoyed.
Friday Night PARTY!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST! Open 'til 6am! Call for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
Are you going?(:
who's better
My birthday is in 3 minutes. I'm turning 14! Will you wish me a happy birthday, and follow me?! Please. <33 It would be GRAND
Did some shooting for the first timee!
Where's the good looking guys at? Eyyy
RT : #shoutout to my newest followers and :)
All day been feeling like it's Friday
I never ask fer favors , but when yu ask me I'm fucking kind enough too do it . Grimmie ass bitch .
for 3 out of the 4 of us, this will be our first time on the road entirely. Bring your friends and let's get loud.
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have. -Marge Piercy
FYI Sadat was killed for 3 reasons: 1-made peace with the Jews2- protected Copts and now be ready for the 3rd reason.
And the Boras secret team appears. Not a bad spot for Prince. RT : fielder gets 9 yrs, $200_plus mil. said close
Missing #thevoicefinale tonight. Worth it? Possibly....
Strapping the sick kid's mother into the right seat....mostly for weight and balance. Nice lady, scared shitless. LMAO. (On the inside.)
I'm tired af.
haha congratulations! yeah is there a way you can see when you got your twitter?
First night of musical auditions for WORKING!
Where the hell has been??? Are you alive!
Good Lord, I look good today.
yellow is looking pretty bad... I'd say that they got the week off
omg tidal wave of RFQ & leads.
Great tequila tasting tonight at with tequila guru & enthusiast
Ugh, I'm nervous right now.
Yeah, and you look forward to the day when she can actually sing the four questions :)
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ANSWER YOUR PHONE WHILE SHE IS CLIMAXING
I hear you. I just think the NFL will be a 2-hand-touch league soon...
You aren't wrong. It is an all-too common practice, I think. #opt-in-is-best!
Praying for Drew's family and friends.
Watching the #Devils play is like viewing a hockey museum exhibit from 1999. I'd like to see Brodeur reach the semis one more time.
Gonna be a cripple tomorrow, no matter how much I try to stretch out tonight. This is the price I gladly pay to play my sport.
Steady songwriting discussion with Kevin Fox and John Kays over the past few days. Known these guys for years, but band = vital as ever.
Just got scolded by the cabbie for having a sandwich in the cab. I wasn't eating the sandwich, but the mere presence bugs him. "No Food!"
#youreatool RT Having a #productiveday, might go to bed bath and beyond, don't know if I'll have time
Well we'll all have a blast! I'll start planning the vitamin water recipies now ;)
You can always count on one of the Daves to save you.
SEPTEMBER 25 - NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION DAY!!!!!!!!
after telling her "I am, but I can lend you an ear and you don't have to worry about me judging you. Afterall, you might not see me again."
Agreed! And we should absolutely love what we do - I just don't believe it 's THE trait to look for. .. :)
RT : Nine out of ten people who change their minds are wrong the second time too. ~Unknown
It is fantastic! I don't follow her on Twitter...but I will in about 5 seconds!
Im sexy and I know it!
RT : understanding someone does not mean you necessarily agree with them.
Nicki Minaj In The By My Side Video Tho !
Thanks for helping me today. You saved me from a lot of work tonight.
That could be an interesting episode. I'll consider.
Two weeks from today men's basketball has it's first official practice.The journey to be champions begins.
Posting of employees rights notice now required on Jan. 31; Board postpones deadline to allow for further education and outreach.
anyone walking across today.. just so you know a simple SKC hoody is not near enough clothing.
Good Point. BT Hoagies and adjacent DQ are awesome. Discounts available there and as well.
“: Tornado emergency being declared for the city of Wichita.”
Exciting things in the works for Ex Libris coming up...details soon :)
And we will meet later to finalize the details...
oh my god, you are on a roll!!
you should. lol.
Oops! We will be shooting today with who is AMAZING! Excited to get in the studio with her today! :)
welcome #WillieRandolph to Baltimore
I just finished "The Daughters" by J. Philbin for YA and still working on the third book of the dragon tattoo...you? Xo
Ah, yes. Two of the other things I hit "Going" on. This Friday is out of control.
I LOVE ! A nicer guy does not exist in the biz. Please tell me you've seen his improv. Its ridiculous.
Currently seeking representation from a management company and a good agency
absolutely! Great words.
Fellas don't try to get a females attention by grabbing her, that can get u cut, stuck, tazed or mased. Besides
The other has been a stellar volunteer photographer photographer for us #Astra ;)
I'm sure your left handed counterparts would disagree.
mine either. It's Monday :/
“: AND I LIKE YOUR HAIR. lol” -- thank you.
on the Voice = -Dead- He did PHONOMENAL!♥ That's my boy.c:
Good morning, Iowa City. We're all set up and waiting for you.
“: haa! i can hear the click of his platform glitter heels now...” truth
YES! RT : YES! #UWsocial RT : Don't you think a liberal arts education is perfect training for social media?
We're glad to be "emerging" in Cleveland--join us on the journey.
your last tweet made you sound gay, which then made me think of the Eminem poster. ;p
Just woke up from a dream involving the Duggar family.
Threw my support behind on Americans Elect. You should too, Twitterverse.
Good Morning. How was your weekend?
thanks for the retweet! #health #innovation and #health #engagement is the answer!
You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you"
Pizza in the newsroom? Must be election night
you're on my radio!! #fangirlmoment <3
It is not necessary to return to the past, it still will never be the way you remember him
thank you!! you did to girl :)
Certain words don't sound write coming out of certain people mouth..
re: scream vs. scary movie. I gotta say, I missed the black people
My heart goes out to all of the people suffering in japan from the hurricane.
I've been WAY too busy this weekend :/ i can't even focus on my homework right now...
Now THAT is a quesadilla!
This was a really good chapter :)
Profound: "Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted."
Initial release of app in iTunes store. Not final yet. Some confusion over free vs fee. App download is free. Annual Service fee to use.
#1017bricksquad took over the industry
concert was the best thing ever tonight dahvie Im the 1 tht gave u the rubber bracelet&gave u a pic of me&u at warped Plz reply!
durant im ur biggest fan bro i watched every game since super sonics man
burning the midnight oil before I leave for MARAC in the morning
#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this.
A little spendy, but well worth it.
Happy New Yr to all! I hope every1 ate their beans or 12 grapes, which I just learned about, or whatever u do for luck & a good new yr start
dishes and then brownie ice cream sandwich
24 hours till you're only worry will be your hand hurting from banging on the walls“: on a greyhound bus to mount laurel #again”
#awkwardfinale equals not what i thought was going to happen.
First time in 7 some years that I'm not working in Retail during hols. Almost miss twice daily calls at 7a and 6p.
Awesome. I didn't know you taught yoga!
Usually 1 day a week my team meets &poets to work. It's a great way 2 get us out of the office& collaborate on cool stuff
btw that picture you tweeted me it won't show on my ipod can you tweet me something else to post?
Oh demetria, you are always fashionably late...ALWAYS
Bout to go straighten my ratcher hair
Let's Talk: What's your favorite exercise? Could it be walking? How about cycling?
thanks man. Pretty excited
"At least we know what needs to be done to stop Skip Bayless from talking about Tebow for an episode"
Are you on Twitter? Do you consistently tweet?
“: I Love to eat. All day, any day. No matter what.”
Girls have periods, but guys have question marks????
6PM they are pretty awesome! They have nice shoes! :)))
Going to #Pittsburgh for Easter weekend -- looking forward to being there, seeing the sights, and having a great time!
17 days until sanctuary tour/ma date wkfoqmjfw ehehehe
Very nice.
#WRESTLEMANIA28 wins #TeamBringIt Great ass match
haha i can picture ur face kid... fix it
My phone is gonna die :( sucks but I have my boo to look forward to soo everything is ok :) love u babe
how are the fans out in phx these days
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll."
I'm so nervous again
Goal 1: find uniform. Goal 2: get out of bed. Goal 3: stay out of bed. Goal 4: go to my game.
Why do they call it taking a dump? Shouldn't it be leaving a dump?
today is my birthday, can you guys please tweet me?
“: Whataburger :)” Grab me a #4 or is it a #5 Whatever the bacon one is... ;)
since I didn't win I am going to ask Obama to send another drone. what was the winning line?
im serious.. i need yur company
What chapters need to be read? I have to read them..lol
3 tests tomorrow 😏📝
Marcus Camby aspires to be an elementary school principal following his #NBA playing career.
is a cutie :)
Make it a reality! #possible RT #Dreams Going to Hawaii in a boat, trying new exotic food, scuba diving, swim, surf, volcanoes
RT : RT RT if you stand w/ Pres. Obama in support of millionaires paying their fair share in taxes.
OMG I WENT TO JUSTIN TIMBERLAKES CONCERT TOO! Yay! Can't wait to see you soon!
Those nurses who put in IVs, and then they are all like "I can't find you vein" and start cramming the needle around in your hand.
1. Josh, you are dead wrong on "Taken"; 2. What about "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Thank you! It was a very nice (if rarely repeated!) feeling.
All the good shows used to go to St. Andrews, but I think I've been to only one in the past five years.
no, where did you put the damned things? Guess I'll have to slip on my Nikes...
is summer vacation really over? just when the weather changes (cool down)..... hey there Mavs fans, what did you do this summer?
RT #TheWalkingDead i'm sick of Shane.
well then.
Enjoy! RT : moved our bday dinner for tonight for my daughter's 17th - heading downtown to - fun!
thanks for the question! is now confirmed.
just finishing off my last duties as NY-area rebbetizin
TWC is trying to compete with AT&T.
All this talk about #leapday is making me do double-takes, thinking folks are getting hyped up for Sam & Al. Perhaps a marathon is in order?
Eric Clapton is going to take a look at our trailer. Woop woop
“: If you live in Chicago, go to at some point. Flavor tripping courtesy of Homaro Cantu.” it's makING life sweet
well normal people are asleep right now on a thursday
Keep your new Spring Rolls special on the menu. Those are delicious
The Mexican national anthem. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ha ha mi grito!!!
You know whose music I dig? Powell Beats. Bout to cheque out his new one
No. Did you see Tom Blair's column yesterday ?
never better! On my way to teach boot camp. Looking forward to seeing you next Saturday!
Grog Shop tonight in Cleveland! Come check us out with and more!
i just love restricted calls t(-_-t
LETS GO LAKERS! about to go off.
Gettin a Hawaii quarter. fuck yeah.
Great time! Makes sense
I see a ghostbuster!
Localization involves translating and localizing the front end of your website into different languages.
blacklatern says that my signal service has been poor lately
": The most successful people are mavericks who aren’t afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks it’s obvious."
RT : Thanks for running an article on our very own in this past Sunday's !
Meade Personal Solar Telescope with Case Package error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
road grindin two more hours
Night crawlers vs night bawlerzz
I am powered by
yay! spring break(:
Waiting on 18 for the first group. Here comes Fuzzy, Crenshaw, and Arnold!
i love wrapping xmas presents
Just heard that one of my mentors passed away on Tues. I will forever be grateful to pianist and B-3 organist, William 'Big Daddy' Sailes.
After chat with girlfriend, she didn't know if she's had an orgasm. How many ladies out there don't know if they've had an orgasm?
Great time with the youth from Highpoint in Memphis. Talked on Gods heart for the nations, poor, hungry, homeless, naked & justice.
judging the life I live I'm not perfect and I don't live to be but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean
you can normally get REAL Cadbury at a Cost Plus World Market if you can find one! And tons of other imported food
that hasn't been the case so far, seems Dems having a hard time raising $ for Super PACs b/c they ideologically oppose them
Oh please
"for some reason blowing my nose reminds me of swim team" - Henry Was ()
In the new place...Loving it...The cold sucks however. HoHoHo
Somebody decided to put me in the captain's chair tonight. I've got the conn in about an hour. Warp 7 Mr Sulu!
#HTH2012 Ritter ends with need to have a strategy for digital vis a vis memory institutions. Yep!
NFLX stock moving all over the place. Buy the strangle or straddle options.
I hate having to walk on egg shells. Either I'm doing something right or wrong. There is no neutral in my life =\
follow me TwitchTV
- This is the official Casting page for your MTV Catfish Casting Team! Can you pllease RT? :) Thnxs!
I wanna be your it girl
I love Pubcats!
2 days till the #R5WestCoastTour concert im going to starts!!
Get it right ESPN! Fantasycast frequently shows a team's in the red zone when they're not, ie during kickoff
Enjoying the #RISD KC meetup. Who knew we had so many alumni here!
": Playing the penis game during church #YOLO" bahaha i've so done this.
I'm ready when you are...let me know.....
Watching Modern Fam is so different now that I know that Obama is cool with Mitchell and Cam.
Smart way to sell some issues...I guess. But yes, highly recommended article.
": It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. - Vince Lombardi"
PLEASE RETURN items taken out of truck at Barrel LA. REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Turn on ! Wolf Blitzer is about to interview Alan Gross via phone from Cuba
Well, this is the MA. I come back in the fall to start PhD work in my new department. So "done" is not the word
Just got back from az gave away a bunch of stuff I had hope they all enjoy
farmers daughter :)
The only person in the stadium size theater. Score!
Really enjoyed the awesomely endless parade of ugly prom dresses at Spaghetti Warehouse tonight. I wish I had my camera!
When I get older. I will be stronger. They'll call me freedom just like a waving flag... K'Naan on repeat today.
Happy to help!
OMG. Golden birthday = forever ruined in my head.
so chacin had a pretty good night
If I'm Hammels..I'd hit Harper again!!!
No murder weapon, no DNA, 7 eyewitnesses recanted their testimony, and Troy Davis still died. Something is horribly wrong here.
oh ok. Thanks!
April is Child Abuse Awareness Month. Be part of the solution
<--------Still no one has correctly guessed who this guy is.
love love love this!!!
"don't kid ourselves w/ one entrepreneur in garage starting a new industry" deep gov't involvement started tech.
Just a little over a week away from the Heartland Worship Institute. If you're not coming you're missing out...but it's not too late!
very true!
what were you doing?
add me on face bock .. maria morales
In the office before 7. Suck.
AMAZING specials tonight!!! Amberjack fish and papaya corn relish, grilled shrimp and mango salsa on corncakes and a Coa ice cream sundae!!!
Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
What is he then?
give that pooch a contract !!!
I don't want to know how many hours...days...weeks I've spent looking for images.
you look like Shaggy!! :)
Taking part in the virtual free 21 Day Meditation at The Chopra Center.
#BelieveItOrNot I'm walking on air.
Or another biggie: How do we change the cultural values so that history IS important? How do we make it heard in the cacophony?
+RT : Most #Virgos don’t trust easily and do not like intrusion into their private life.
Fuck around get ya ass checked! No deposit Lmao
not yet!! It's part of my plan for 2012!!
Hi Twitter! Where ya been these four months I've been circumnavigating? What's that? Found something interesting while I was gone? Pray tell
Most companies dont want us to know this is how they f lease us w/reconnect fees, deposits etc. To keep us paying and poor.
Dear kiosk man: insulting people is not the way to get them to but things from you FYI
I feel u on this shit! ": New year on tha rise.... Bout to start moving around some of this dead weight"
Polson is adorable!! But seriously. Putting in your bench would be a total slap in the face to Baylor. It might happen.
shorewood? I was thinkin about heading there in a bit to be productive.
I smell a lot of things when I'm shopping.
- wow so that's what pencils look like in Budapest!
I love Twitter because I can vent without people complaining about it, unlike Facebook. I hate people on Facebook.
I think I want a new phone, I wanted an iPhone but I've come to the conclusion I love my Droid <3
This year cinco de mayo , has been great. Lol now Time to meet up with these chicks to drink margaritas
love is not real
It's GREAT!
Cody Simpson shirt and some rockin pastry kicks :) <3
im at an,easter party and they have this huge fruit salad with strawberries in it and this is like my 3rd serving!!! :)
I have to keep reminding my self "everything happens for a reason" :-/
1 hour left until I can tell you my big announcement....#ICantWait!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What links us? Can you remember JFK? Not me. Can you remember moon landing? Not me. Can you remember when Elvis died? Me, too.
At first I thought it was Kimi wanting to go outside but it was his mother Cleo. She just jumped up on the bed for some rubs.
“: Paul McCartney: I want to call my new album "Kisses On the Bottom". Record Exec: Um, please dont. Paul: Fuck Off.”
"The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list."
Then it must have been someone else (more smart tweeting). Wink wink.
Was just handed a five hour energy sample on the street. How did you know?
you just showed the location of the Portsmouth brewery and not the redhook brewery. Two different locations
No...I'm editing the drinking issue now, and I'll have a few more reviews while they wade through resumes.
Digital infrared thermal imaging for radiation-free cancer detection & mammogram alternative. 4/14/11 at 3pm-7pm
hey you!
to make you you stronger! An wont get annoyed by others anymore!
i know right so just dm your address to me and I will send you a letter if I can.
in the south :) skåne ^^
Making my summer reading list. Any suggestions? :)
can our card shop get a follow Best of luck!!
So many things on my mind. First how awesome is #glee going to be tonight. Second why don't I have anyone that calls me
I was literally working on my iPad, talking on my iPhone and listening to music on iTunes when I heard about Jobs' passing.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. ~Henry David Thoreau
gettin their asses handed to them might teach them to STFU
I'm from St. Pete, but if you think the #Rays wouldn't pull better attendance here in Buffalo (even w/ #BlueJays across border), think again
Always expect bad things to happen because wen something gud happens it makes it so much better
": tweet me lol" tweetle me this tweetle me that
locked up :(
Tickets for non ticket holders go on sale tomorrow for the event: live at Dont miss out!!!
just realized she pulled an all nighter on a saturday..studying... there is something wrong here... subconsciously preparing for lawschool?
awesome! thanks!
T-1 hour!! Flying House is a go!
absolutely believe it! RT A sleep-deprived person may be more prone to depression, heart disease and hypertension.
Omg! I'm having withdrawals :O
Great way to spend a birthday :)
Perfect soccer weather 
At least I get lots of free beer haha... Too much really... #myfreebeerbringsalltheboystotheyard!
Fair enough. Maybe my Luddite mother is getting to me -__-
I hate being super hot! :(
when?! Where?!
can a FLY FLY=Hm
I agree completely!
hmm I watch the news, and sometimes disney channel but not usually lol, and glee and stuff like that :) you?
I am twatting at 11:23. I mention it so I can say twat.
just woke up, starting to get ready for work
meet me at the locker right ?
I do enjoy the tweets. Lol
didn't mean to make you jealous!!
Bad idea to take a walk....
Wow. Are they the TMZ of politics or something?
your to cool I'm just decent lol
Aha. Damn.
I can't wait to hear the new album! Love you guys so much :)
"A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing."
Like a road trip with a fun-crazy hitchhiker who won't stop talking. #Fridaylistens with ' LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
that's wonderful to hear! What kind of farm does your family have?
We have a great cast on board for our reading of Best Ever Creation Story Contest by Eoin Carney for
City spaces seem to crossover with physics- 'nothing' is unstable, it will always produce something.
What the hell? I finally join twitter, tweet joe scarborough once about his MSNBC Obama love & he blocks me. Is this the way twitter works?
im really happy u came out to the show btw
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments
.. I heard you may be in Birmingham this weeken. If so, come see MWM at The Nick saturday night. www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Its whatevs lol ": the worst feeling"
my laptop sounds like a weed whacker.
just finished the winnie the pooh book in kingdom hearts, every time i see it show the cover of sora holding pooh's hand i want to cry
That's one of our tenants- I LOVE that place. I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
That's good to hear.
Just had a pulled pork sandwich, could go for a smoke*
thank you for all of your help! Hope WA is great.
What a productive day of real estate! Showed the most beautiful condos on the ocean today
It's messy and slick on that field... The boys started a little slow, but picked it up and dominated after the first 12 or so.
RT : RT: "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." ~Joseph Chilton Pearce
"The only films that make a difference are films that make people uncomfortable"- Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy. What films have impacted you?
oh ard making sure u wasn't cheating lol
okay maybe because Jade started the Kitten thing and all the middle schoolers copied her
well in that your way negative about whatever you subject yourself to, I'm gonna guess you hated them both. Am I close?
boom. you rock! thanks!
yeah ik!! O: thts so scary!!!
I cheated my ass off last time when we got to the Eagles. I can hang if I can cheat.
Just chillen with my mom.. ya know. just a little insanely excited.
3?! U go girl! I didn't work out today. :-(
"Clap on. Clap off. The clapper." - Gerald R. Ford
Good Thursday morning! It looks like rain today! Stay dry and take cover, but make sure that you enjoy your day as well!
Summer is making a comeback this week, but it will not last! Stop by for all of your winterizing needs.
Life is true! Life is earnest!
my work is closed on Christmas eve ☺
how bout no
#Avengers as advertised...Awesome!
let us face it: It is hard to collect debt in a tough economy.”
My winter-bread-blues days are almost over! Lyon Bakery is returning to the outdoor market at DC's Union station in May.
Guy remains in tree while police consider what to do. One last structure remains in park.
just played monkey in the middle with my boyfriend & my brother.. what is wrong with us?
My ex sent me a sweet text early this morninq I wish my damn boyfriend did that shit :(
Happy #FollowFriday! Science Enthusiasts
Moneys what I'm bout tryna get so much that I can't keep count
husky right? Love those dogs! Mine is shiba inu
The Crew will be up at beach house in 2 weeks... Our #YearlyTradition for Memorial Day Weekend...
Thank you, John Cook, for your time putting this article together. Much appreciated!
Late Night 5k and I'm still not tired
:( you will soon <3
Oh ok. I like when texts me back.
#AFS11 why has folklore declined? Bc its called folklore (hootenannies, hippies)
Overcrowded bus but field trip to nassau county police headquarters than nathans
The LBI Foundation has sent out their new catalogs- don't forget to sign up for some Glass classes with moi!!
no not yet bf
Not wearing any makeup is the best feeling ever.
Topics: Make us all Google Analytics geniuses.
hanging out with the family tonight:)
I will tell some guys to follow okay
im not ufollow u
big news! finery, our journalof art + literature, will now be an online publication w/rolling submissions, which we are accepting NOW!
true. How do the kids feel about it?
Love using photovoice! Wish I was there to hear!
I already knew you were cool. This just confirms it!
Fire at Riata apartments. If the only Dunkin Donuts in Austin burns down, I am moving.
Snow is on the way- it's the doc's bday- my childhood wouldn't have been the same without his pithy rhymes guiding the way
You beauties on a plane? Or did u land already?
when your so high you feel like a rusty robot that needs to be oiled.
“ “ I like food more than people.””
lame...wish I had thought of that one.
BREAKING: John Elway trades his daughter to JAX for a piece of pie.
Yay I get to see my boyfriend later. <3
People of Los Angeles...what channel can I watch the Blazers vs. Clips game on? Any chance of getting the game in my hotel room?
There are frosted Pop Tart people and Unfrosted Pop Tart people. I am definitely in the minority.
Yes! I think that Kate's gap is from 2:30 for an hour? I can even be there a few minutes early and put in the order so it's ready.
Lets go punk let's go punk
congregation interacts. It's history is rooted in the tradition of "passing the peace"..it's good
Its a #StrangeClouds type of day! love the album
i will buy u another one if tht helps plz tweet me back shank u
Google Chrome logo and the Beach Ball of Time are Evil siblings working against me.
I lost my drake shirt!!
I think I just saw Lyle cutting random grass in a random field in Chippewa
Show some physical archives love! They're the means by which we've come to understand present day methods :)
Two months away from the official release of our book, FELON FITNESS.
that's so nice you give nurses a place to sleep!
Watching the Naudet 9/11 documentary for a class. It still makes me cry every time I watch it.
swag doesn't pay the bills lol RT i don't need a life......i have SWAG :)
Scottie the genius!
You've read it once but not like this. Get new Scags app and read Scags at 7 all over again but as a Living Book. Please.
Cedrik Dubbs is the winner of an incentive we ran at The Ellis Hotel. He won a two night stay!
Thanks for the RT
wow... this has made my day. Thank you for being beautiful inside and out! :) Happy Friday!
yes. Thank god!!
Applesauce or berry-based syrups. Couldn't be easier.
Tired, waiting up for teenage son to come home from movies, I'm feeling my age at the moment,ugh!
I think your science teacher forgot to tell you that the Earth doesn't revolve around you, it revolves around the sun.
For right now, I don't care where I end up, because I feel like being anywhere but here.
Wiz, new mixtape is better than ever, I swear.
My iPad is all smudgy. It looks like the iPad of a 4 year old.
We all have that one stalker guy... Named david.
Thanks for all the memories, Carl. RT : Fenway Park will never be the same again. Goodbye, Carl Beane.
you attending or working?? I'll be there. X
Good morning ! On my way to work, got such a busy day/weekend ahead of me ! Motivated & focused though. 💜
Haven't seen it yet, but so great that you referenced that concept. I love that that idea has a name!
We are just about to get started here !
Lol no ... He will be by mid-season. In my opinion.
It's amazing how many people don't know two of the votes were from MLB rep and PA exec. Only vote that mattered was Das.
the amount of ridiculous memories that flood back when you listen to it is insane.
Also, GCB reminds me a little too much of family reunions in Texas. Perhaps this is all a sign that I need to visit.
Raggedy Ann could NEVER be a barbie BITCH
ENJOY!!!! Nice long weekend....I'm off till....God only knows, I can't wait to go back to work!
Taking a moment to honor those who have served and the Survivors. Several liberators, POWs, and Survivors here. Many veterans.
Phewhhh finally out of NJ, reloaded & heading back to AR. Drop there tomorrow nite & turn in bills on another good week, 3800 miles ;)
Peyton Manning to the O's.
Twilight Zone scripts and master sound recordings are at UCLA Library Special Collections!
hoping library has Inet access today. yesterday was long and unproductive. webworkers do not work so well w/ out web.
thanks for the mention! Yes we are based in SF with global programs and peace exchanges
As the dawn is breaking up the darkness, the morning star will fade, but never die.
What a beautiful day & our patio is open! come in for $4 You Call-its and $6 Pizzas!
Haven't been on in awhile but I'm bak ((:
#Bulls are looking great! Gotta love the
yaaaay what's your username ?
do you think you'd use something like skej? would love to hear your thoughts skejnow.com
The bunny is not as nice as santa
