You can do it! You're a soldier! lol
I notice every person I've been in a SERIOUS relationship with, names start w/ a "D" ... #NobodyCaresThough (lmao)
thx pancakes! It was a blast!!
It's 75 degrees outside, I had to turn on my a/c in my car on my way to work. That's abnormally warm, even for Texas!
Anybody else I know live in Birmingham? Should've asked this 3 weeks ago but oh well.
When mind and heart come together, mind serves Consciousness instead of serving itself. David Icke
Putting some old songs in my iPod >>>>>>>>>>>
good so she'll be my ride lol
Didn't they say the same thing about Pouncey in camp?
ha. from a bball fundamental perspective? Much discussion among the BBN about this play & the intricacies of the pivot foot
dog fish head is a big boy beer for sure, but that kind of beer a way of life in Portland with us "hopheads."
KNOW WE HAVE SLEEPOVERS ALL THE TIME." to my teacher. and thats not even bad. today i was
What you up to Beautiful!
You bet, Sam!
Never ran Ragnar or any relay before. Here's to trying new things!
As weird as this sounds I think I'm gonna miss sleeping on this twin xl bed.
Happy New Year's Eve, all! My 2011 was more than I could have ever dreamed of ... can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
laziest day ever w/ and Vincent gallo
like small talk is so hard for me
was going to complain about ObjC's ARC, but it actually fixed something. Lifetime qualifiers are pretty annoying, though.
A crash at 181st and Division is blocking the intersection. Expected to clear soon.
#110 on the AMA charts this week!!!! :) Hooray!
good seeing you too! have a wonderful break, and we will have to catch up when you come back :)
Stay away from Mexico. RT: : BREAKING: Mexican officials report dozens of bodies dumped on highway near Monterrey. -EF
We appreciate it! We retweeted your blog.
check us out on lowerlevelradio.com "Groove Theory" is on the air right now w/ Dj Epidemic in the mix hip hop soul just click on tune in
ohh but he cheated on her too!
As promised: #deals & #discounts will be offered tomorrow during the day in celebration of our 100th follower.
Made a mistake:/
Had a great training for Afterschool Program volunteers today! Looking forward to a great year ahead!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 24th, 10:30am "There is Sound all Around" Lincoln will join us for some noisy stories.
#Scandal gave me my life its the next best thing to Private Practice
So. Who's gonna come over here and help me pack up? Don't all jump at once.
justin bieber thinks he's black.
The best and brightest k - 12 education experts are here at #sxsw Austin, TX. - my eyes are opened - I'm learning a lot all topics discussed
it def feels less crazy lol, I tried to recreate that as if u were here last night didn't workout haha
Lucas said goal was playing on Saturday. Not if you embarrass yourself like bo has for the last 4 yrs.
This plane smells like pee. Great. Nap time for me so I'll pass out and try not to notice. When I wake up I'll be in LALA land!
RT Breaking news: Southwest to buy AirTran. The has a story on it.
RT : TWO WORDS: MATT TURK! >Can think of two games lost last year due to punting errors
who are you?
Hm. I seem to have forgotten how to do homework.
HNI is looking for school district and municipality leadership in Wisconsin that are ready to change the game. Let me prepare you for the n…
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Intelligentsia - Coffee Shop (live updates)
Thanks for the love
trust no one but urself :)
im starting to really get annoyed at this one fucking kid
Driving in my uncle's badass Corvette!
#WhenAustin watches a video made by a fan and personally tweets them to say thank you. <3
And so ends a successful trip to Portland. Off to San Francisco tomorrow!
many powerful and truthful quotes. Keep them coming..
throw in a fake seeing-eye dog RT : I wish someone would take the fake glasses look a step further and wear a fake hearing aid.
no heat
Yes! Thank you. RT : the morning after, I still love my haircut. something tells me I'm into something good.
Wishing you a better travel day! Happy to have you at MKE, but sorry your flight was delayed.
BORED!! wat should i do??
Restylane now approved for lip augmentation in patients over age 21
We have not sent out any direct messages saying that a blog is saying bad things about you.
Q3: How long should you be in a PR position before taking the next step in your PR career?
A shooting in Minneapolis, MN Zoo concerts and Kevin Love's big record. Listen at Noon to
Thunder and lightning!!!! Oh my!!!
Watching #Smash while I prepare headshots and resume for an upcoming audition. Fun, fun, fun!
That just means no 3 and outs - no need to punt, just touchdowns all the way!
Looking for my debit card x3
good morning Jane, happy Easter
It was for ammad ok. Today's his birthday.
managed to do all the homework that I didn't do over the weekend in 2 periods 👍
Heading out for 12 miles. Should I do the normal boring route or do one that is a bit more fun and scenic?
Good night bout to go to sleep
The misadventures of skooks is so weird
is back from Miami and ready for a great week. So much to do with so many wonderful people... the story of my life.
there better be a few boston dates!! :)
mind blowing, eh!
Thank you East County Democratic Club for endorsing George for Judge!
Watching Ducks gamee with the familaa(=
#primFTISLANDNYC If FT Island comes to New York Primadonnas will throw a party!
Happy Mothers Day 2 All the Mothers this is your Day. And All Mothers & Women r very strong Thank U Mothers & Women.
#Top10drupa No 8: Americans are saying “brilliant” and Europeans are saying “awesome”
my MCN topic proposal: Two words: Triple Store, erm, I mean, Graph Database. (cc: )
These new songs will blow your mind! ;D
You R Next: RETIRE OR NOT RETIRE....THIS IS THE QUESTION - May 04,2012 What is the definition and discussion of what and why: -What
Stoked to have finally experienced a service in the main auditorium ! Worship sounded incredible!
What song you talking bout?
at the midnight showing in Alaska now. Sun just went down a LOL while back and its packed in here.
The social was a blast! Top ingredients seemed to be vintage fountain pens, typewriters, special made paperie by
since I'm covering my ears, my sense of sight has become very acute...and I can't keep my eyes off those sexy Aussies over there
is minecraft on consoles even a possibillity if so would it be a full priced game
Can't wait! RT : So excited is hosting his official concert after party 3/27 !!
Serious accident at intersection of West Washington and Regent. Avoid the area.
you were awesome! Proud of you!!!
This officiating is rediculously inconsistent
Amen to that!
thats so true
RT : My only fear is losing my mom.
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: If you're like the average person, you'll laugh 15 times today.
iForum today 4-6p SZB546: Spencer Lilley - recruitment & retention of Maori & Pasifika Library and Information professionals in New Zealand
Seriously, thank you!
Dear Tequila, we had a deal last night. You were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer. I saw the video, we need to talk.
My mom is trying to file an insurance claim on my phone, I really hope she doesnt try and get me an android phone we will have problems.
I feel so bad I can't even call out over the UK/ Reds nonsense
When you find out that hot girl has a baby <
It was amazing Austin!! PERFECT
To improve, the #1 thing a coach can do is to "learn all the basic philosophies...then figure out a style you can use." -
Yea, That's Awesome. Were Can I Hear Some Of Your Stuff?
‹›Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Gettin my life together one day at a time with a bit of #patience #hardwork and
Why does Nicholas Sparks make at least one of his characters die in almost every book?!
Happy National Coffee Day! Grab a free cup at 7-11's around the country!
we hope to meet you for a minute. Loving #CTIAW12. We are excited to finally show everyone the
XO! //RT I'm finally done! My super detailed Day one review is done! 45-rpm-sound.blogspot.com/2011/08/titwre…
That you are a YA book blogger with a loyal fan base.
My heart is like a lemming.
. great question about "Civil Rights" parks…How about every park is a Civil Rights park…but especially NAMA, MALU, WORI
Just got back from running 5.5 miles feeling good
Blue pit pups 4 sale call for pics website coming soon. 500.00 and up Rita
I'm totally beyond criticisms of Girls. It irritated me the first week, but I'd rather just spend my time digging the show
Any subscribers out there? Make sure to choose as your cause when making a purchase!
Really wanna run away sometimes
I'm. On. Vacation!
Same sh*t, different day. RT ": As many as 53,000 dead people and 182,000 non-U.S. citizens may be registered to vote in Florida."
good to hear hopeful stories from people with
had a great day! with my old home girl
Praying for Pastor Jeff!!!
Great article in Star on Ron Johnson from NCHS. Needs a nickname tho. How about The Stereo Salesmen or The Dugout King?
Its nap time(:
not a bad phone at all - also Samsung yes? I'm due for an upgrade soon as well - waiting for iPhone 5 announce
RT this album is serious...love it...love everything you put out...but this is fire :)
Watching football with
Sigur Ros, Battles, Botch, Pelican, and Empire Records Soundtrack
I'm happy you like it! I was a late adopter, too, so I blew through the first 4 seasons on Netflix pretty fast.
Found out what a juggalo is tonight.
Of course it's raining when I have an event tonight
Hi Scott! We sent you a message about "Pluto", new CD from Twintapes interested in getting a review, would love your feedback!
- comedienne/CD/all around rockstar! Loved her at this eve: 'whacktors + slacktors' <3 the lingo...
Be tee dubbs, is me. I'm channeling you thru diff twitter personalities...I just realized how lame that is...
Today is bring your bunny to work day here Winifred is definitely a hit.
Let's all go be "models" on Instagram.
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
Plus, I have plenty of files to convert & copy to still write this weekend, but that can be done from home! YAY... wait.
Sending some beer to Madison today!
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati) 9pm.
I'm a vegetarian again
Can I ask you a question?
RT ": You're 9 years old and you have a phone!? ... Who the hell you gonna call? Dora?" Too funny
Thank you, veterans, for your service and sacrifice.
Even CTA conductors get cranky with the snow. Yikes.
“: Ready to be on the field! #southaventourney #pumped #motivated” good luck out there today!!!
happens to me all the time ;)
NIEMI is the Man! Go Blackhawks!
Can you believe he didn't punt the ball... Holy hell.. Well Brady still got a few fantasy points for my team!
“Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.” Baltasa
We sure did and thanks for the well written breakdown of stickK. We hope we help you and your readers stickK to your goals!
.: Wikipedia blackout really made SOPA protest newsworthy. "Geekiest protest in history" live in NY, SF
9 tickets left for #SYS! So appreciative of the opportunity to be part of the FLYness! *Picture me breakdancing w/ joy* Will I meet U there?
that's what i'm hoping! i've never been grounded this long ever.
Thank you! Thanks for the RT, too!
aw cool thanks sounds good.
“: How is Weaselnation to ever make olympics with such scandals?” You are on fire right now
Went to for the first time last night - incredible! Definitely recommend for out-of-town guests.
What is your case besides UK hate? RT : Ohio State would be mine RT : Kentucky your new No. 1 fans.
The site is back up! Thank you for your patience!
Great job breaking "portion of proceeds" model 2 financially benefit #Afghan women. We're awaiting their #cashmere scarves.
Pu-er tea may reduce cholesterol & aid in digestion, making it the perfect drink after a heavy meal! So many other benefits, but 140 limit..
I Wouldn't Say That. I Produce 85% More Than I Rap But I Perfer The Term MC Cuz Anybody Can Rap. That's Y There's So Many In Pgh.
I finished packing before dinner tonight-- unprecedented for me.
congrats! I share your passion for overuse of punctuation - my weakness is hyphens!
bish, Y U be creeping my twitter all the sudden?
you'll appreciate that I just broke Github.
awwwwie u suck donkey balls!
about time! Hah
our Germack java choice today was also Quad Americano. whew! Go Red Wings!
is causing trouble wherever he goes, then charging extra for troubleshooting.
thanks! There will be more in time. :)
Great picture!!
we got jokes now huh?
I haven't ran in about a month and I ran a mile in 9min 22sec....is that good?
Love u too ashley (: ": “: 8 Flavahz I like ur outfits. Not..” I love you."
Sorry if anybody experienced a glitch in our website with the birthday. It is all fixed NOW. Sign ups for tomorrow is still open!!!
FIVE is working to fill about 100 Healthcare IT positions in hospitals across the nation
Meanwhile quality comedians like Pete Holmes, Jim Gaffigan, Kevin Hart had to work the comedy circuit to reach success
Definitely ditch the Crest, but not just b/c of Fluoride. SLS is a harmful chemical found in most cosmetic products as well!
Love my mom and papa
The Lost Bet by Henrietta Hart
Just the thought of you two together makes me sick to my stomach </3
every Safari crash requires a double restart to come back. I don't get it.
Text me..
thnx for the RT, looking forward to working with you & on our project
Technology can be so annoying sometimes
No doubt!
Can't sleep and test in 5 hours sheesh
Get out there for some Free Art Friday Detroit! Check out the FB page or for clues!
Can't we chill and listen to music?
your retarded your tweeting some1 your next to
Both of your plans lower tax rates for America's wealthiest. Isn't it clear that Americans don't want that?
The message on jobs & taxes? Yes! More domestic natural gas? No. Please.
Coming up at 5pm is your next chance to get on our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party!
I have a headache 😖😖
#know12 Emphasis on scalability, archiving, social, & automation. CEO: custs told them they need to own the success of cust implementations
We have secured venues in Olde Town Arvada for season 3 of our festival! June 28 through July 1, 2012! It's gonna be great! Come join us!
Lakers let's go we got this it's all about the defense L.A forever baby
Juan is helping produce Tangos and Huaynos by the INCA, the Peruvian Ensemble on August 18
Please help us grow on Twitter. =) We would like 100 followers by the 22nd! We can do it let all your curvy friends know!
#WineWednesday is upon us again! Stop in tonight for $10 off all bottles.
"It was like Gchat meets Google Docs meets...ICQ if you remember that."
that is awsome. i am now busy, i ll be availabel soon thani send you jersey..;)
me and are twins
At TEDx san diego and we just met Marty Cooper, inventor of the cell phone.
RT If you have purchased your own personal T-Shirt?? RT RT
As of 3:45 pm the majority of buses are running on time. Delays could increase as traffic volumes grow during the evening rush hour.
Truly a great and fun way to workout! Interested in winning a #free personal training session?
#CaptainAmerica was solid. Loved that it was a period piece in contrast to all the other contemporary settings.
Step Brothers: your singing was like cross between and jesus
RT whats your book super rich about? DO YOU! is a great book.
I sang to you this morning!
Obama: "No US company should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs and profits overseas."
It is truly weird when things are familiar and not at the same time.
same here we need to party! And it's the first Saturday of the summer (;
your twitter did it to mee.
"no beer in this house means it's all bad in this house!!!!" hahaha this foo
GO!!! 2 outreagousrecords.com fill out the music page form and get the chance the WINN prizes or Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free
I'm not surprised you don't remember giving your maid of honor speech.
It's not really that much going on now cause of the weather
Thanks, Emily!
yeah! big win!
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~Walter Bagehot
My one tweetable Tools of Change #toccon takeaway: still no push-button digitization of print content. So plan your x-platform workflow.
#ThingsMyMotherSays which one of y'all dropping me off
Went shopping today Ya DIGG
no way did you just say that. she must of done something way bad if i'm still thinking about the same person?</3
Senate makes breath booz detection standard equip in all cars. Not just DUI d-bags but everyone. Our Freedom? I have somethin they can blow
Coachella weekend 2 was epic! I got a beautiful tan. The weather was awfully hot but survived. Music makes me do very crazy things. Loved it
"The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth!
Leaving for the states now! See you on the other side.
Delaware controlling the puck mostly here in the first half of the first period. Blue Hens with swarming defense.
*left THEM listed...
See, this is where the point guard becomes an issue, Kenny and Charles.
Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street
Thanks for the RT. Filming in Yucatan, then headed back to Tulum in June. Can't wait!
and its costing me a small fortune cuz bird poop causes parasitic infections and thus flagyl tons of flagyl its not cheap
Dis girl finna get blocked steady dm'n all this spam
I just walked in and everybody is sleep..I'm still going to the show though
A couple people asked me if the Toshiba vuln was sent to the vendor. Not my fault if they don't comply with RFC2142. I tried.
just read about your state standards and had questions about how the students do with it.
I think I'm middle-class because, with $3000 to my name, I have more money than both of my parents combined.
you should check. there are probably a million tweets with that hashtag.
yo omg when the fuck is justin gonna be in New York ? someone answer me
Really hopes the pack step up...Im still feelingThis is the
Take it easy there, Nurse Bella. Don't stress yourself out, beautiful.
I always kinda mutter "Wow, Hotmail? Really?"
will do! its going to be at the aston dealership.
No internet for 90 minutes was like living in the 80's :P
Goodnight tweeters. Sectionals tomorrow.
How lucky you are! Have fun and good luck!
Oh well had to get up early so I can make that $$$ today
Craft rather than Kraft
HAHA!!! Made another girl cry!! Telling them one direction ARE gay faggs
thanks for including the article on the heat seeking Dallas museum tower!!! LOL!!
hahaha oh I totally remember.
Availability for powerful transitions life coaching M - T - W... 831.566.9209 No one is turned away for financial reasons.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
so many thing on tv tonight. dont know what to watch
with an extra $25 gift card & free product you can get yourself some sunglasses & give your sister/mom a great skincare gift
Yep I am the Leader On Duty. Just ask for a manager and I'll come running.
I love ccleaner! great tip!
you will love flamingo pink :)
Hey Guys! Check Out BundL! The latest group savings tool! Check Out the latest deal and Mcfaddens Boston by texting Bundl Mcfaddens to 41411
about to watch foreign dramas for a beautifullyy good hour <3 then back out to do more errands :(
TONIGHT! Beats On Repeat at , myself and spinning strictly #dfa releases, edits, and what inspired its creation.
"#life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and keep moving forward." -#Rocky V
ha I may flip flop from time to time. But the NHL's worst nightmare Yotes vs. Devils finals.
Arn't both pronunciations acceptable/correct?
Our Super Bowl kick-off: 09 Cabernet
I hope somebody did, I can't go through this again
White chocolate? Oh, that's exotic.
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
She's like is it too tight and I'm like yeah a little bit. So her old Martha Stewart ass yanks it tighter..
Happy new year, everyone! What's on your #reading list for 2012?
Only 6 days left to register for Picture Perfect Spa Presents the INBF/WNBF Texas Fit Model Search (www.TexasFitModel.com)
images in by christopher and lydia
Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God.
Stomach full of pills didn't work again...
CHAD. Ah, now I understand. What Historic Pittsburgh Bars are you thinking about? Start at Oyster House?
Juice tryna tell me iont make alotta money , his bitch ass .
HURRICANE IRENE WAS PURE HYPE! PREPARE YOUR LIVES FOR TODAY TOMORROW AND FOREVER MORE. WHERE ARE YOU GETTING YOUR INFORMATION FROM
I knew you almost certainly weren't the right person, Sheba, but I figured you'd know the best way to resolve. :)
Marian Hossa is in my school's yearbook. Probably best thing I have accomplished in yearbook this year.
Shops downtown are boarding up their windows and the hippies /hipsters ate out in full force downtown. Uggh.
no, the reason I texted you was to be ignored. why in the world would I want an answer? what are you, crazy?!
God owns the Earth. Whatever you need on this planet, ask Him first. Whatever you want belongs to God.
thanks and for an awesome party. #UberIcon ftw!
always spells her name wrong
haha The fun we have in 's Class :D
great night, indeed! Thanks for being so cool to us.
Congratulations Gophers!
All I Phone Applications are up on ITUNES!! Get your arms, Abs, Butt and & Hip now!!!
There is lunch and then there is CURRIED for lunch!!! You know what to do!!! See ya soon!!!
is one of my many idols <3
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or out. There's no such thing as a life in-between. -Pat Riley
Judge Cooper up for comment on Imagine Austin plan
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. James Joyce (1882 - 1941)
Obviously Tyler has AT&T
i am following yo punk ass!!! Dumb ass. Just look
Omg! #traffic near downtown San Diego is crazy! A part of the center divider was missing!
What a day! Going to bed. Goodnight! Sweet dreams. Much love!
Another awesome game! So glad I was there to see it this time!
Right on man. thanks for listening!
u can borrow from me! RT packed up my entire room, left out clothes for the week...too bad I only left out 4 outfits, not 5. Fail
Last-minute Spring Break deal: Concierge Level stateroom on Celebrity Cruise line for less than $400. 3/24 or 3/28 sailings.
im slim shady yes im the real shady...
The minimum he can receive is $5 million. I think he gets one more chance.
you are gorgeous!
God is calling me home to rest in the embrace of love. ~The Uncluttered Heart
lol that's not at all true!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha RT : Her shoes gon tell you how her pussy smell...
wc...i follow them...
with your bro your such a piece of shit how does that work for you?
Thanks for asking! We're building a crowdsourced database of music industry definitions to help making business decisions easier.
what did you think!?
Someone should definitely interview the other members of White Eskmio. Wiat. actually. we are directioners. pro stalkers. We'll find them.
the celebs don't really bother me, in fact I kinda liked it when the Mavs shut them up by beating the Lakers.
I often hear “I don’t have time to network”. #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we're open to it.
Fantasy Factory never fails to disappoint. Lordy.
plz tweet me im your biggest fan in the entre world
I can't stand Lana del ray, there I said it!
The sex tape ya but you dated like four athletes and married one and divorced him two months later
Happy St. Patty's Day! The pub crawlers on the goldcoast really have beers in their hands already! I guess they can't wait for the parade.
I'm reading fifty shades of grey. Consider me "Christian Grey-Obsessed".
I'm not so sure what I'll do for him either besides create a graphic.. Still thinking about it
There are some seriously moody guys out there. If you all could stop PMSing for a second that'd be great.
I have this feeling that the Bucks game tonight goes one of two ways, they get blown out, or they blow out of the Hawks. No inbetween.
T- 5 days till spring soccer.
I cant remember a time when things were perfect .
I have a long history of killing the year of whoever I take in 1st round for fantasy baseball. Miggy drew short straw tonight
white outfit is by Great gal:).
Your heart hurts, mine does too .
i find that hog fat is an acceptable substitute for butter for all of the wrong reasons.
Common/Sims/MacMiller shuffle
My wife's father used to do that too.
Kanye and Jay-Z are so yesterday. I'm most amped to see Greg Wiggle reclaim the throne this summer. @ Murat Theatre, Aug. 8
wtf get better
I caved, picked up the new iPad.
Every episode is a gimmick now.
whys the name I that hospital you were telling me about that no experience is needed just a degree
We don't have the power but we never say never <3
We? It's a lot of WE talk on fb and twitter about my Grizz. Its funny how full the bandwagon just got. It's always been #GRIZZNATION with me
much #RESPECT to you for spreading the culture
I left my wallet in El Segundo.
Hello friend, welcome home.
The station is down temporarily. Please be patient while we work to resolve the issue and get things up and running again.
sometimes we're not feeling it!
Man there are some people in the New York City subways that are sleeping with their heads in some crazy positions.
"May good luck be your friend in whatever you do, and may trouble be always a stranger to you' -Irish Blessing Happy St. Patty's Day!
Did Coach McHale slide into Morey's office and become a gm again....puzzling
Working on over 13,000 photos from 49 bands this past weekend. Exhausting. I hate deadlines.
AMEN AMEN AMEN ! ! !
Google+ is taking off faster than facebook, but I see a lot of unfamiliar foreign people adding me. Seems most are from Iran?
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
I respect that. I love a good hockey game now and then!
Any hip hop engineers using waves plugins out there? What's your vocal chain looking like. Personally I fux with R-vox, trueverb, and r-comp
i've been waiting 4 dis moment but i think will never rt me or follow mw rite austin but still i luv u!!!
Editors- A Boh As a Ghost
thanks for the confirmation that I am not among the 1st 1,000 winners.
I fucked my phone up so bad tonight. Maybe its time for an
why doesnt austin follow jesse
Wed.'s Words of the Wise: "Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. " --Sir Winston Churchill
I write YT newsletter & want to iview you about future story on social media users & YT. Email w/reply
working on a video conference test with WSBA & NJP
I swear if Kobe ...
Awesome back alignment. Audition. Pumpkin coffee w/tons of cream. Admin stuff with India.Arie in my ear.
NaLee2010.com check it out a brand new fantasy to feed all your senses!!! Mermaids dragons and a 16 year old boy!!!
thanks so much for coming out Mike! It was great to finally meet you - can't wait to hang with you guys again soon!
Anxiously awaiting the mailman, please tell me that money is in there today!!!
I think my "A" game is napping right now.... Maybe Kalie will bring me a coffee on her way into the studios
So bored someone talk to me
WHAT'S WRONG? text me :-(
Say Hi to Abe for me!
No doubt. They found some great ones. Maybe we should reciprocate. ;) lol
IP Network Video Security is a booming market that offers products allowing you to monitor your home or business from anywhere in the world.
Sounds good to me! Thanks!
S/O to fa da follow
will do! you guys need to figure out timess and lemme know!
When people display sht I don't like, I distance myself.
R.I.P. A true American icon Don "Soul Train" Cornelius...Love,Peace and Soul!
Who the hell do you think you are?
hahaha frustrated is an understatement! I've been looking for them forever
#MattFlynn for governor.
Multnomah County voter turnout for primary as of today just 20 percent not good news for libraries
lmao lil nigga was dying in my hoody, had to bring him out.
Can I just call in sick for work tomorrow?
RT : Hey #SDSU #PR and #JMS majors, will you be joining #prssasdsu next semester? >> yes ma'am! I can't wait to see everyone!
Going to watch the made for tv, courtroom drama biopic, Social Network. I wonder if it will make me join Facebook?.
How do the Marlins have enough money for all these players?
Excited to bare my soul today to the mastermind group I'm a member of.
damn. I don't have that channel
Now I'm going to watch Florence + The Machine at Coachella. Thank you for web casting.
Nor do I care : smh.. Is that what you think?? You obviously have no idea...
#freestuff Chris Godar or Madison's Zimbrick Honda is giving away $100 at Fleming's. Only 7 entries so far! Easy!!
Thank you!!! Another Nikita addicted? :D
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” ― Marilyn Monroe
so I have to say this. Your sorta... Hot.. Lol(: #BestFriend <3
boom! Now, be super careful not to click links. Make sure your apps are deleted, etc. Because it never really goes away.
right now embrace the intention to be content with yourself and the world knowing all is in Divine Order and you are safe and secure
Dcenter is spending the afternoon at the America Craft Council show. Come join us at the convention center for our 3:30 panel talk!
It's #Supernatural season finale day. I love me those Winchester boys.
HAPPY TOMLINSON TUESDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!!! I love the #1Dfamily :) <3
So true. RT : Editing is everything. Cut until you can cut no more. What is left often springs into life. ESTHER FREUD
Youre so annoying!!!!!
"Its not a joke until someone crys" ^^ -Noah
I can't wait to go dolphin watching off Bali's Mimpi coast! Might even try scuba diving! Also can't wait to soak in the healing hot springs!
Boats. Fucking boats.
But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode
glad to hear on the airwaves today
Happy May, everyone! Less than a month until the
Rezoned For Mays
it's funny because, sadly, it's true.
Wait, so then who made Steve?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hit the lights about to start
#bartrivia every Weds night. #whiskeytango Find us and like us on Facebook. :)
Two events today (completed). Reports and castings next.
selling dese Year of The Rabbit 7s & these cement 4s .. hit me
Red, white, and blue only stand for freedom until they're flashing behind you.
I came into this world black, bare and ugly. And no matter how much I acquire here, it's a short journey. I will go back bare and ugly.
you could make it a spa day!!! ;)
I want you to win because you are the
This has the potential to be the best yet. Super pumped for June 7-10.
Ladies stop saying dudes give up to easy, look at yourself and ask if you're worth the chase
Ebrary slides on metrics hilariously unreadable ( is tweeting pics). How data-clueless do you think we are?
whatsup dude! just got back this week... i finally have the chance to play guitar and stuff haha, how's everything?!
: When we get to the point where people are getting bored of spaceflight, that's a mark of success.
Talked on the phone with an old friend for almost 4 hours and decided it was okay to hang again. Having lunch manana/today.
Neil Sims to chair Offshore Mariculture Conference 2012 - Fish Update
Thanks , you're our 100th follower!
We have plenty swimsuits at j.crew!
Been listening to Christmas music all morning, it makes me feel better about all the crap weather.
Those poor farmers market people on Nicollet!
“: Giants deserve the win, the Packers earn the loss, Joe Buck I will always hate YOU.....” THIS
RT Samsung Captivate's retail package in the wild: You've got a little over a week to wait before these things offic... htt
"I don't paint to live, I live to paint" Happy Birthday Willem #deKooning, b. 1904
Headed up the road to Greenville and Charlotte for a few days to do some radio and speaking events! If ur in the area - pls stop by!
The sun needs to come out
I get it "Chick from my Midwest city who has a love/hate relationship with ice cream". You're Cathy, I get it. Go work out.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week! Big "Thank You" for all the #STEM educators out there.
If you're not producing you have a moot point.
It's cold outside, Let's Heat it Up w/ The Twang Dragons hittin the stage tonight! Never a cover! JC
I know someone like that... Only if you don't text back he'll send 'hey' atleast 6 times then be like 'ok, I guess I'll go'
I'm goona get on in like 15 minutes:) be ready
There goes my baby!!!
#UWEBC12 48% of marketers feel pressure to report qualified outcomes of social media.
I voted for you. Hope you win!!
For realizes… Roxy would love that.
I can't wait to party it up with you love! It is going to be a good night!
We All Fall Down... They'll Pick You Back Up... I Believe In You <3
#WhoDoYouThinkYouAre was EXCELLENT tonight!!
Going to Disneyland :-)
Learning more SharePoint tricks and tips, especially JQUERY
Mexico irrelevant, true. But r polygamist grandparents < relevant 2 #Mitt's religion than Rev Wright is 2 Obama's?
exactly!! I came from a family with deep ties in the oil business and I can't believe these ppl are bowing down to this idiot!!
“: like one in the morning ?and give me it tag and no quitting if the score gets to high I enjoy running the score up.
what's going on,on 99N in Ripon? Huge accident or what? Were parked w cops everywhere.
Is it just me....or do a lot of sports fans think the Nebraska FB coach has no class whatsoever.
I met a fine ass 49 YR old white lady! She was wreckless eyeballing me real hard lol
Looking for some #protips & #socialmedia ideas on driving traffic to company blog/tumblr >B2B< any input much appreciated :)
Hi Steve thanks for contacting me not at this time no one responded to my book store needs
No worries. I'm confident that you won't release any work until it's your best work. It'll be well worth the wait!
Wishing you all a safe and happy Easter, may you enjoy all the candy you have been denying yourself the past 40 days!
Hello Friday my friend. NIce to see you again.
Thought about Fox pregame show: Merciless rip jobs on Torres, DeGea, Evans, Terry. Because they're an ocean away? Diff't tone for NFL, MLB.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Coming back to Hillsborough For Mother's Day Weekend! RT : Good morning, New Jersey. Happy Friday! What are your big weekend plans?
thanks so much for the retweet!! And for helping me broaden that piece by directing me to & her work.
Happy Birthday Mark. God bless you!
Sumone email me church clothes , i cant download it from datpiff lol
that feeling u get once u double space the paper u've been typing in single spaced and u get way more pages than u thought
Listening to on behalf of speaking today at Social Media Breakfast Madison regarding Crisis Management.
Lou's the bomb. What producer?
So jealous...unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the festivities today as I had to work. :( Enjoy!!
At The Marina..<3
Hey I'm learning!x
oh get used to it... Haha
Sergio Rey from Arizona State about to start talking about "Exploring Spatial Dynamics of Neighborhoods"
Morning y'all :)
its over.
Just Love...
happy monday miami only 2 days away i cant wait!
Seriously, TK? Seriously?
Back to work tomorrow, but it feels like I didn't even have a day off. Ugh
I must get those. Oh man please let there be Tree of Life action figures as well!
Mayweather would never beat Manny Pacquiao! His undefeated record would be trashed.
"he has an ugly girlfriend- an ugly gf means he lacks confidence"
bored! Anyone in the #NY area play #SWOTR? Like anyone on anchorhead sith side?
I want to go to Barcelona , Spain (:
The Zodiac Killer case has to be the most f**ked mystery ever. Is it strange that I'm fascinated by it?
Why do you keep calling Austan Mahone your cousin? x)
What did you finally end up doing with the 2TB?
wanna come visit me in Milwaukee? Swear it's wonderful.
i'll take that as a yes
Persevering in serving our Lord: The patience of the paralytic is striking: he stayed there and did not give up for thirty eight years. SJC
No school again!
Driving through Pennsylvania on a beautiful day! Any recommendations for lunch in Harrisburg?
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
": is a DICK HEAD!!WIT HIS GOLD FISH EATING ASS."u on that? Lol
Dbacks vs Mets! Come in for $2 domestic drafts from 4-7!
BBQ Part 2 with the Fam
If you are giving a gift for birthday, etc at least take the time to get them one also
Big News for SSRN- We have reached 50 MILLION downloads! The 50 millionth downloader will be announced soon!
watching Joyful Noise with my madre
Deciding what color to dye my hair via the usual method: throwing a dart at a Powerpuff Girls poster.
follow me? I follow back
Niall is prefect. This is true. That is all. Thank you.
Obviously not one you would have hired...
Anchor technology in overall museum strategies first-
What the fuck kind of school gives scholarships for field hockey anyway?!
You have to admit that Trump’s hair makes him look stupid, but looks can fool you. He is actually dumber than he looks.
If you live in Virginia Beach, then you might have had the honor of catching 1st radio play on WYRD 101 !!!!
Domination ain't even the word for what's happening right now
Thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend, Kaspian!
Happy Presidents Day! Free Serta Luxury Blanket now when you buy a Serta Mattress. See stores for details.
Please join me on this journey as we begin an era of Effective Community Leadership. I will propose and support legislations that...
The kid who talks to himself out loud in class <
Must have been a clip on amazing legal work
Like to save money? Ask about our new packages. For a limited time save an extra 10%!
Thanks for the RT over the weekend, Noland!
Just discovered Great web tool for students to respond to reading by creating a video. Price is a bit of a dealbreaker.
Quality swim practice with .
Anyone else seen the preview for nxt wk's #Ringer? Things are heating up & there's a big twin face off! Can't wait!!
Swedish Fish Taco RT Lana Del Taco
hang out time♥
twitter I can't figure out how to turn off the sound
“: -- what is LMN ??? I see a lot of people tweeting about that shyt ...” um its Life Time Movie Network....i stay watching that
I Trust You About As Much As A “Pay Phone” In A Bad Neighborhood.
Who dates Sam Jackson?
Can you play Fastball's You're An Ocean?
Thanks to everyone who voted for Screen on the Green in this year's #BestOfDC Reader's Poll! Can't wait to see you this summer!
Tried to buy sneakers at the mall, but I have freakishly large feet and "I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't have that in your size..."
Absolutely. I'm in it to WIN it!
Who is Matt?
Love will ask you to step out of your comfort zone, to sacrifice and to compromise. If you cant agree to those, love wont agree with you.
"Boy ya give me butterflies deep inside" 
Ferrence is sorry he jumped on Neal
We're having our 1st planning meeting for #THATCamp Philly 2012 this afternoon! Stay tuned for details (& let us know if you want to help)!
it is 9:51 AM over here. And there? (:
Does the rest of North Carolina really hate Charlotte? Tomorrow we'll have our first ever NC cities favorability poll
Can we make these next two innings worth the workplace distraction #Royals ? KTHXBYE!
Chillin wit B...... Wish I had the comfort of another right now but I guess thats life! And I love my friends lots!!!
Just too cold smh
holy crap. I think will only have to worry about sorority girls -- if they could actually find the stage
Negative motivation at this point
NBC5 is showing Joel Osteen plus an hour of "paid programming" before the NHL playoffs today. Why not bring Tony Little, you sellouts.
Tonight we are young.
cool let me know
": #GoodMorning"......Good morning handsome =]
It was amazing & a giant thanks to so happy to be in #Boston!
wishing to meet famous people such as Tyler Posey and Taylor Lautner.
Just catching this morning's news. Any policy outline? Anything that'd be out of place for centrist Dems, that is? Sigh.
It's not about you and it's not about me, it's about US.
Grieving about the violence going on in the world.
I wish someone could come with me in person tomorrow morning at 10:00, FH Neimans
Wait for
#np: "stop this song (lovesick melody)" -
These Reality TV Idiots should leave celebrities alone,no peace even on twitter
Working on our new intro! Hopefully will be ready for the Club 156 show!
“: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.”shut the fuck up skip !!!!!
stop tweet watchin,
McCafe Shake to finish the night! What is your night treat you enjoy?
I grew up a preacher's kid and navy brat all in one, the rules and regulations were overwhelming, didn't go to church in jeans...
Good Morning!(: *waits to see who says it back*
its over..its done and theres nutthin u can do about it..that's it..it's done
This is how you make it. Write this down. Noodles, tuna, celery, PEAS, mayo (lots of mayo), salt and pepper!
Trying to find a job overseas. Anyone know of a good way of going about that?
Happy Easter and Happy Passover to all our fans! Have a great weekend!
Warm up with a pot of Iron Goddess of Mercy with a Fontina & Goat Grilled Cheese and a cup of Onion & Fennel Bisque soup
Considering the dilemma posed by "bird strikes" ...
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
The guy who wrapped my burrito needs to go back to burrito wrapping school.
omg twitter is asking stupid. is everyone else having the same problem?
Players are not willing to admit they tackle incorrectly because that is all they know. Re-educating Coaches & Players is the only solution
#questionsthatdontgetanswers when someone says hey to you and you reply with 'hiya you alright?' but they completely ignore your question.
You making moves that's great...keep up the good work!
Wonder what those matters are ....
Anyone playing with OpenBadges from Mozilla? Learned about it during media stage preso. We are now looking at adopting
really? y is that?
Getting ready to hit the shower then out to pay bills and to work.
Aaaaaahhhhh....I can't wait to get my new Internet Friday cause I can't get any work done!!! Annoying!!!
shite is right
Will someone please remind me tomorrow that it's #FF so I don't miss it again. All week I've been thinking it's Tuesday!
This weekend went way to quick!!!!
What's everybody doing tonight?
ok I must add peppermint tea, nutella and peppermint tea...my latest obsessions
Dear diary, dodger fans are the worst ever. Making moves at the starlight lounge. All my peeps in la y'all are cool but fuck the dodgers!
“: Christian Bale. That is how all black is done! #oscars”
veg from the family allottment and from the front and backyard is amazing.
In the order of importance we need: financial support, dressers, tables & chair sets, beds, bath & ktichen towels, & cookware.
Hey whats up? <Be.YOU.tiful>
The best thing about bad times is how great the good times seem after it!( - Tara
I'm starting to wonder how academics survived before Conference info & ideas thru etc invaluable!
FREE WI-FI to customers!! Surf the net and enjoy some MANGO treats
#keeper RT : aye y'all just told me if we go together she'll convert to a lakers fan that's def what's up
and you are a girl :) impressive!
Travis: *in the middle of a serious conversation* my balls are sweaty... me: um.. thanks for sharing? Travis: yeah no problem -__-
#CNN is working to confirm reports of a shooting at former NFL player Junior Seau's home in Oceanside, CA.
It's also a lot of effort to make a statement that most people will miss.
So today I went to my "ethnic" roots & ordered a crayon flavored drink, my bourgeois is soo disappointed in me
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY!
cool. Same old
DGAF tonight with Binary Beatdown headed over to Brown to catch before hand. Mad nice out, today shall be a good 1.
i tried but then i got kicked! but forreal dude. i cant thank you enough.
It's *Stalking
Forgiveness is letting go of the idea that the past could have been any different
if the 1st hour doesn't against, does a tree fall?
Thanks for the advice, it's pretty miserable. Good luck down in Florida and speedy recovery. See you opening day.
Iced tea, Frank Sinatra, and my puppy
My proposition, one and only. Adore ya, girl I want ya. The one I can't live without, that's you, that's you.
2. Janet Jackson : Retweet with which you'd want most & what band! 1. Front Row 2. Meet & Greet 3. Trip to major city
what no never but I gtg txt me
I'm making chicken tortilla soup tonight. It's very healthy and easy!
what what what????
I've decided not to attend your pity party #iHaveMyOwnIssues =]
Wait 'til June 9th rolls around...
I love Pop Latino, not more "tropical" Spanish-language music. I wish SiriusXM would make Viva an "on air" channel. Listening online now.
Seven Minutes # BornThisWayBallTourDates
My face hurts from sunburn ! :/ happy birthdayy Stephaniee!<3
Employee Ticket Trivia: Name 2 major league players that once played for the ! 1st correct answer wins 3 May 5 tix!
We are too. We are actually staging the play right now.
It's #FridayFriday Filet-o-Fish Friday
I'd have to buy a wetsuit... and a few vaccines probably.
::Sings:: "Becky's as sweet...as Tupelo hone....Becky's an angel, in the first degree..."
the 2 hour convo that me & just had >>> goodnight ^.^
i wanna work with you(;
wins one tomoro? Secretly(again)what's on tomoro? #I'llWatch! TIA
one more week and I will not pick up a pencil for two months
Going on a run. It's hot outside but, ya know.
Peanut butter jelly and ramen
F is for friends that do stuff together
Dear solicitor who left a message for WildFLOWER Fitness... epic
You are a beautifully amazing man.
We've just arrived to Forbes.com Welcome home Music lovers, Welcome HOME
yea i have to go with that and you are my winner to me
Going to be a bad mistake to have bbq chicken as a midnight snack.
At lunch, I can't seem to get enough mac n cheese. lol
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!
Thanks for coming by! Hope you liked our event for Students/Entrepreneurs...Appreciate your support! :)
It's almost like "Where in the world is Carmen San Diego" with him lately.
If you guys haven't heard yet, the pre-orders for Guild Wars 2 were announced recently.
The U.S. is already fighting two wars. Letting someone else lead will limit cost,casualties, & not allow Arab countries to blame us.
It's because you didn't follow back.
After high
#songstoplaywhilehavingsex "It's In Our Hands." by Bjork.
lol yes mam :) know about the collage??
thanx for the follow ;)
403 on that image
pre-cali-sunrise writing songs RT On the air early spinning
Fantastic lunch today with The Mantra Dall is legit.
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day....I have a wonderful feeling, everythings going my way! :) You have a Fantastic Day!
ugh today is not my day
Jazz & poetry this morning......
crashing isn't even the worst thing about new - the worst is how many everyday features from before are missing.
An alcoholic is anyone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. ~ Dylan Thomas
Yes! Nd I'm excited
Have a great Friday and fun-filled Labor Day Weekend!
lol I bet he is
everyone please follow my fabulous buddy > she is very talented, sweet, and cool
Q4 We have an arboretum on our grounds, a lot of our FB pictures are of trees, plants, and flowers, tree peonies are blooming!
what's posted on the walls in the background?
take a sick day Friday and let's have a rage fest, don't dare say no and spread the word
if you're with your girl or wife, lean her way. I don't need to feel your hairy arm against mine on the arm rest
shoot more "moments"
Happy Mothers Day ! Send us pictures of you and your mom today, we want to see :)
“Reality” has nothing to do w/ where you are on the spectrum between a negative or positive attitude. It is a choice!
thats really cute. Love my mom's hope chest where my writings from elementary school are stored.
this week!!
Give her two red roses, each with a note. The first note says "For the woman I love" and the second, "For my best friend."
if I had a dishwasher, it would completely solve my dishes issue.
There's really such thing as National Chocolate Chip Day?
Much fun was had. Too much fun!
its tough to ask Jerry Resse to pick one player over another.He'll have another A+ draft& I'll just have to sit back & trust him
Yogurt pretzels and Dr. Pepper. Good thang my dentist is not on Twitter.
All my niggas that's coming out to support on the 27th needs to get they tickets here -> 702-576-2958 !
yeats? It's been a fort night I thought haha
yes, ma'am! (See you in MIA)
Can't wait to opening for on Friday August 26th at Canal Club. Contact us for details and tickets. You don't want to miss this
Loving Fernet Branca lately. The Toronto has never been better.
for what?
Christianity is based on the teachings of Jesus Christ.
no i was not :/ I miss you boo!!!
Officially made it into the day after the end of the world. Am I going to hell?
yeah i believe so lol thanx for asking
I think so but in a different way. Manicure. 1 hr yoga. 80 min cardio. Groceries. Walked the dog. Emails. Laundry. U know.
Hey YDS Nation, We hope all of you had a FANTASTIC weekend, We're not ready to go back to school and work either!!!! :(
Poor show You ruined Xmas by losing my bag on Xmas Eve. No presents for my friends or family until, uh, you can't tell me.
This is the result of Citizens United, . You are being particularly dense.
Blitz tonight should be awesome, stop on by and spread the word. Lots of great local artists and a killer party
you might be interested in the stuff the Nordic Food lab is doing with seaweed and historical lavar consumption in Europe
Hahahahahhaha shut up....
congrats on the new digit!
OMGOSH, you should camp out :D
I already entered nigguh
I'll bet instead of a wardrobe malfunction, Madonna will just fall and bite it...hard!
Still collecting rec's for best places to shop online for the #curvygirl ...
Do you remember your favorite song as a child?
Hey Big Pharma! How bout inventing a drug for Self Control? Maybe these sick fucks will stop molesting children. #done!
I () bought British people beer last year randomly, was that you? it's kind of a blur. lol
No limits: If you could have any technical support service, in any way, what would it be? What does the ideal future Helpdesk do?
what oh
im so glad i get to see my #TCIE family this weekend. ive waited all week for this. its gonna be awesome
Omg!Thanks for following me!(: <3
good luck fella...and I'm an LBJ fan...still love the pacers tho...going be hard to root against them
make sure you sound good in the video!
hahaha. Whatever. Even when you asked who he loved more he said both of us! lmao
I getting through it. Today was just a bad day. I thank you for listening to my rant. I just needed an outlet to do it.
Well Hello Alex(:
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. - Julius Caesar
i cant take this! i just cant!
i dont even know what to tweet about anymore xD
but the beginning and the end of Cronon were great, I thought.
hi koala
was in melbourne for a couple of days. caught circle pit fri (pretty cool) and Paul Dempsey Sat (fucking great stuff!)
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back. Was just wondering what you thought. I walked away not quite sure lol
Ok just watched this movie Buried.. It's about a guy who gets buried alive with a cellphone and a Zippo. He dies. But you should watch it!
holy shit. Way to ruin my night man!
Oohhh a wizard vampire! Perfect combination!! :)
has an attention span of a goldfish 2 seconds
The thirst
Site looks great. The post was quick and informative--coming from someone who's read tons about writing.
/ Rough cards out there right now. Fresh BUZ cards go live in a few...
Preventive care is great, but we need more dentists doing emergent care, working with hospitals. That'd be a new era.
She doesn't lie! (or use autotune!) I bought almost EVERYTHING she has on iTunes! :) #MaddyROCKS!
lol cuz can sell sand in the desert. Its hard nt to listen to his ass
Artists Against Hunger @ Beaverton Farmer's Mkt July 17 - August 7. A portion of the proceeds supporting the Food Bank.
some do RT “: I wish McDonald's served breakfast after 10AM 😒”
blasting the new killer mike album at work and buying plane tickets to colombia/panama to celebrate the completion of this evil econ final!
I'm finding ways to distract myself. I'm about to start watching basketball. Lol.
Selfish mf I tell ya .
You looked beautiful at prrom myy love! :')
Brian ZImmerman - Why is Changing SOMETHING IN LIFE a Challenge? - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Brian Z.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Being bored as fuck by yourself in mcdonalds = making you look lonely
what value is that, 1/20th of a cent?
It's Wednesday which means it's time for our HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT - Presented by Stinson Entertainment & Spy Radio.
For celebrities, they celebrate when they get 3 mil followers. I will celebrate if i ever make it to 100. Congrats
my uncle told me the same thing lol
Did you watch the GOP debate on MSNBC tonight? Thoughts?
yes i do relly relly bad
dang aight man I'm gonna call u Marvin! Lol
Appears #Blago headed to O'Hare. If you are flying out this morning, keep an eye out. Tweet pictures!
You, my friend, are a nightmare with legs.
Watched the The Rivals last night it was crazy happy Paula finally won one she deserves it
I think I understand your intention, but the last thing I want in my Twitter feed is lots of funding appeals. (tbc...)
Perez Hilton @ the dog joint
Pacers>Heat>Heat Fans>Bandwagon Get Off Lebrons Nuts Fans
trick question
Thanks for the RT friends :)
lol oh gosh , nd why you at a expensive hair salon O_o .. hoodshops is good too lmbo
Luke 24:23 "they came back saying that they had even seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive."
How is Sportsbook working out for you?
watching the documentary and being like "I've seen that gif!" hahaha even though I've seen the documentary like 92384782934 times
A Call to Business to Respect and Support Children's Rights: Covering a wide range of key issues -- from child labour to marketing an...
And Brideshead Revisted taught me to revel in artistic beauty RT What book has changed your life?
Ah, A week until Vacation :D
Thx so much 4 mentioning my session on #Learning Transfer. All who attend will leave with a Learning Transfer Audit
I fucking love netflix.
aww yeah u will be ok gurl dane he gone make it
man, if this year looks like these first weeks, I’ll be mad by March, I LOVE it!
Ya'll know the drill. Hit the early service, then join us, & at 11a. is the spot. It's go time.
Hi Dell Team. I ordered an incorrect size for my Dell monitor screen. How do I go about returning it and getting the correct size
Bynum can pass really well when he wants to.
I'm sorry minnesota u hadn't introduced me to the loon yet. I apoligize for that last tweet...
Awesome. We're betting there will be a focus group we need you on soon--and now we know what bribe to offer! :)
Wondering if that grocery delivery person could also do laundry?
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my dreams come true and he tweets me<33 #DreamBig #neversaynever !:D
For an appetizer: or try our MINI LUMP CRAB CAKES, lemon dill aioli
I really think Google+ has the feature set to supplant Twitter as Ed's preferred meeting place. Just needs users.
": Thank you guys for pulling for us 2day!!! Great game ! Ravens Nation !!" No doubt. We riding with ya!
that's what I'm talkin about. Maybe I can borrow a bike from the Meyers next week so we can go out!!
Thank you!
august 20!!! Hence, roxiness820 LOL. I knew u was in my age bracket LOL
YOU WERE AMAZING ON #TheVoice!!! #teamcastro ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!
enjoying a lazy day snuggling with the kids
if you Do follow me I will follow you ...
There are books out there. I was just hoping I wouldn't have to leave the building to complete this project.
New Moon frenzy tonight...dare I go with my own teenager amongst thousands of others? You bet!
It's beautiful here right now. Enjoy the city, and happy early Mother's Day!
sparkles and sprinkles!
April is National Donate Life Month
and ya know it , are you ?
you can do that to me any day!
watching Daredevil :) one of my favorite movies!.
its really frustrating when you want to see what someone looks like but they dont have a facebook!!
Planning a pastry-fueled proposal writing rampage in coffee shops around town today. Local residents, stay inside your homes.
Thanks for following me, let me know how I can help you get your music on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio -
We already owe you for the graphic design with the promotion! consider it our pay back! just promote promote promote!
A lovely night indeed!! Congrats.
": Twitter what's up?" Chillin in Cali eating Tuna on Toast that's what's up.
I was supposed to be there today for a wedding. Thinking of our friends in #VirginiaBeach and sending prayers
Check out "International isn't foreign anymore. Original stories from around the world, connected to the American experience"
Dani has a piercing and gabi dont
that's sexy
All your weight, it falls on me. It brings me down
you don't even know. Bush bails out banks. Obama bails out auto industry. And Uncle Phil bails out our Ducks!
#deuces pick n save
Sometimes you just feel like wearing shiny red tights
one day i want to tweet me hello. i should put that on my bucketlist or something...or wear a bow tie mwahaha
what the heck is #aarp? lolol
I've always wanted to learn OML but have never gotten started. Good for you!
Emailed our Children's and Reference #Librarians a how-to on searching Google by reading level. I love sharing knowledge.
Soups of the day: Escorle & Beans, Chicken Pastina, Ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Cream of Asparagus, Stracciatella!!!
So much to gain, so little time.
RIGHT ... It is all good though ... How r u sweetz
Speak truth to power. has warped with sense of entitlement
"Accidentally" sure. LoL
thanks for the shout out!
Action cannot remove ignorance. Knowledge-of-Self alone can destroy ignorance.
Good morning! Happy Hump Day everyone.
I had a very good birthday today love everyone
Loved it!
Thanks for posting! Im leaving for 2 weeks and im nervous to leave my dog! I need to make sure I find the right place :-(
Katy Perry is on replay she's on replay....
Tacky of 2 berate Tony Luca on #thevoice like that. She's a Grammy winner & he's a former Mouseketeer-let him have his moment!
Lots of helicopters flying over #MIT this morning. Wonder if anything interesting is happening in Boston today...
RIP, Officer Gannon ♥
OMFGJLJILIJDILJD! I love pinball.
Sitting at the Dallas Airport and I don't like it. I don't like anything about Dallas. Don't like their football team or Soccer team
yea he was hanging by himself.. We are still trying to book though! HELP! Lol
#311 & #slightlystoopid on tour this summer ... I must go!!!
I truly appreciate the people who are here for me through it all. You really make a difference in my life... #the best
Love it!
Next person that tells me they wish they had a sister, I'm goin to smack them in the face. You can have my DUMBASS sister!
Gonna get a hair cut and fight time again. Now if I can get my memory back LOL
Same here XD
We are our own creations through the beliefs, or even stronger, convictions, we hold in our minds.
glad to have you aboard!
The 1st place #Tigers have given up 10+ runs 12 times, the most in #MLB. Thank goodness for #JustinVerlander!
happy birthday, Ax :)
"BUCK ISLAND CREEK FARM WILL BE AT THE MARKET WITH HEIRLOOM TOMATOES AND LOTS OF LARGE SLICERS, CUKES, LIMA BEANS, LOTS OF PEACHES"
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.- (Proverbs 3:5)
Nice to connect with you ~ best Dawn
Anonymous: Ideas are funny little things. They don't work unless you do.
I know it's getting late for some of you but who thinks they can get me to 5000 followers by Friday? #smallfryarmy Xoxo
Am I in Florida yet?
aww I appreciate it 😃
Happy Easter! Rise from the winter of discontent to a bright spring of new perspectives and visions for the future, a la resurrection!
It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron tells scientists: Be fearless.
interesting article. Im optimistic most of the time, which is probably why Im pretty sure I'll start workin out at some point
I want sum McDonald's
“Earnestly ask Jesus that his Spirit may be alive in you.”
DW: "we think of openness as a flatland, open to everyone. but by creating flatlands, you are privileging certain actors."
Why do I always get hopeful?
To the Swing Dancers: What style of dance shoes do you prefer? Vintage? Tennis Shoes/Sneakers? Bowling Shoes?
Judge Kevin Ross tries to much to be like Judge Greg Mathis w/"Acting Black".Just because your color is brown,you can't act what you're not!
First, the old dude from Storage Wars. Now, Dr. Robert Rey. Seminole Casino killing the celebrity appearance game!
Intermission at #themothgrandslam - carlos kotin in the lead, peter story close behind in second
Sometimes.. I have a PT job and I freelance as a Gr. Designer.
Over this hospital chair why don't they put in nice bed/chairs
What was it? ...vodka soda w/Lemon instead of lime
#mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm gone make you lay in it
Watch Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
save the pictures please
Such choices! If RPI will pay - I'd say go to Ghana. Internships will always be around - funding to Africa may not...
pace what is u talkin about ?
Time is flying by!
Wow Bulls Lost....
Bo Ryan do something last week? I fotget.
Happy birthday to us! 25 years ago today, Articles of Incorporation were filed creating the Washington Research Library Consortium.
lets hope the crap frol the seagul helps the #Bruins tonight.
Finishing up my stained glass project for the week!
#Royals are covering this one with gravy and sprinkles! SO FAR...because the Texas offense is not to be triffled with.
ok what the hell happened to saturday morning cartoons?
I used my Amzn accnt, but it doesnt link to Cydia. If you cant help, I understand, you have no control over Cydia.
Ready to hit up the gym.
my day of rest!!!! tomorrow i train hard@ crossfitcle
When you feel like giving up, and those positive talks don't help for shit.. you know your screwed.
In other news, fixed the annoying bug in this week's CSE 321 lab, AND I bought strawberries at the store! Today's finally getting better!
I wasn't planning on it. Where's the apartment? I was maybe gonna ride my bike.
RT : Early odds on NFL lockout after 2021 season? I say highly likely.
-I am n love.....Yes I said it I am very n love with dis person name Harlon-!!
RT : Today feels like it should be Friday.
Happy #FF to you too! Have a great weekend!
Thanks! I like to bring a 60's edge to the proceedings.
2nd sat!! YAY we will be there!!!!
Over here I thought it was World Book 2012!
Sometimes I look back at our conversations and then I regret it cuz I remind myself how much I miss you and how much I wish we still talked
I already have a bf noodle and its
Welcome back, Matt Holliday. Former Rockies slugger a triple shy of the cycle...in the 5th
Oh well I'll at least get to see Bryce Harper for the first time.
“: Lil B calls out hiphop artists who claim not to be role models”
yes I would!! It was kinda awkward when I dated a guy that was 6'0 and I was only 5' :/
1st person to give Seth a Left Handed high 5, down at Chili in the Works (Southside Works) at the LHC booth gets a free shirt! #LHC LeftHand
I think I'm gonna buy me some suspenders.
Tx for the follow and more!
REMINDER - due to our special presentation last week, we will continue Lect 8 in class 03/27
Especially noticeable when interviewing candidates or if you have clients at your desk often.
A bonus of visiting my parents this weekend is going to be to watch every single episode of #gameofthrones on their dvr.
i told llike sophia and that groupp, the ppl that were around her was listeneing so they knew!
dude, aladdin is sexy....
next time over dose on 5 hour energy.. itll make ya crash lol
#LPR2011 - On deck first sat morning - #BrianWesbury on the
I'm loving this McDonald's right now 👌
please please please follow me!??(:<3
Thank you!!!! Really kind of you to say.
Checking out our empties trash can in the backyard and just realized we can make a fortune in aluminum recycling!
how are we suppose to enjoy the bruins game tonight with all this insanee!! weather! goin on :(
Josh had this epic dream about an asian guy who knows his parents.
Driving to lambeau. Feels more like I'm headed for the Roman Coliseum.
no what?
Carmen: I knew that Floop guy was a freak.
Don't lie to me, that's the worst thing.you can do
sounds like a plan.
Shouldn't #Romney know how to tie a tie? His Windsor knot is quite lopsided.
“: Boxing last night and this morning then a delicious breakfast, tired but feeling good.< #weloveyoutoo keep it like this!
I don't mind a light rain. Cleans my mood out.
Home from Bar basque.. So tired
I won a free sandwich from today by being a clever twit. Now I just have to drive two hours east to collect.
Got soaked last night at the Sounders game. Loved all 90 minutes. Also loved seeing people enjoying Golazo.
I'd call wolves "pre-dogs," but that doesnt negate fact that dogs were shaped by various technologies.
#supersizeme documentary makes me NEVER wanna eat out ever again.
Y'ALL ? lmao my red ass is not there lol & I thank you -Kat Williams voice-
Go for it bruh!
I need shit to do *ASAP*
Trying to slp while trembling is interesting yet annoying bcuz o can't slp I already have issues breathing
I'm a high stake poker player looking for passes for opening night. Anything you can do to help a future horseshoe regular?
WIMM One – Developer Preview If you haven ’t figured it No related posts.
you create apps correct ?
Absolutely, but nearly as much as the reigning MVP means when it's a 5 on 5 game.
you are so connected. I encourage everyone to try the Seattle Sorbets diet, you can go from a zer0 to a hero in 47 pints :)
Happy Birthday to the finest man in my timeline!! Enjoy :-)
I'm putting the finishing touches on #TheGeniusTheMadness. I'm extremely proud of myself on this one. Some serious musical maturation
It seems like there just aren't enough hours in the day to do what I need to do.. :-/
I'll be there in 15 min... Waiting for the one train at 79
fuck her life !
Help! We need an ecobeautiful spot in DC for engagement photos! Suggestions?
Still looking for storytellers for our Nov. 21st show at Centerstage - We are Family: Stories about the ties that bind. Email us at...
Were having a paper presentation this morning at SOS!
Had way too much fun last night with and .... Paying for it now
Attn: New Buzzies 3 weeks till the big day!!! What are you most excited about learning at this summer? -CS
Hi my lovely!! Now you have to TWEET! xoxox
If your a proud side piece
where ? When ?
we'll see
these nigga's be hater do your thing and say fuck them!
wondering if you are going to send out the gift cards for oysterfest trivia, contacted media's.com several times
shut up fag
I like Rammstein...sounds like Colonel Klink & Sergeant Schultz jamming out.
When does get an award for being the most awesome guy in this world?
Lol 4real??!! RT : for the longest I been tryna figure out who u was!
man i love ur song bass down low
Yes. I think the Knicks should trade him and build around Lin.
Check out the Eddy Faulkner's BandPage!
Lightweight tired…
I wanna go to the gym! Who gon let me in on their membership?
#nowplaying Green Onions by Booker T & The MG's. A Memphis classic!
Defending Eden is a beautiful project. You've got my tweets and shares, if not my dollars. It will happen.
Its funny how real love can make u just speechless...
Bitch be cool!
: Magical Colin impersonation. When will 103.3FM find an alternative to that gab-wagon for the 12-2 slot?
I think that's all that matters ;-)
have you ever played 7 Wonders? Me love.
when I'm with you, nothing else matters. All ny problems melt away and I'm happy
Heading in to the city to check out :)
What a day LA ... can see Catalina Island from Mulholland drive ... Wow! what a big city
What book did the rabbit take on vacation? One with a hoppy ending.
Another beautiful day in the Twin Cities!
they were sweet seats! How are things across the pond? Are you going to the Summer Olympics in London?
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. Express your gratitude to someone today-send them a card. www.budurl.com/QuoteA
It is not necessary to understand, or believe, things in order to argue about them. ~ Pierce Caronde Beaumarchin
My 10 y.o. asked me if I had fixed the library schedule so they could be open Mondays. I wish I had that much power.
i need ur mets to win badly 2nite $$
I think so! Whats your fav song?
Come to see us. Salute is in the heart of Gold Coast. Next door to Holy name. Mention the tweet and get 15%off your check. Today only!
well, now I am wide awake. #earthquake #whyat5am?
uh-oh. we lost some followers.
#69Factsaboutme 50. I babysit a lot.
AP Comp Test Today!
RIP Maurice Sendak
RT : Events are a more natural way to discuss requirements with the business than services
Bob Rae: "The best is yet to come."
helped cut the flem, if you can get by the taste. I don't think that it helped with the hoarseness
#perfection indeed. Thanks for the pic! Enjoy the doughnut and coffee!
how much of The Hunger Games' popularity do you think is related to Survivor?
I'm not proud of the fact that I'm addicted to Hardcore Pawn. But I'll own up to it.
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat. no thank you.
Finally having a relaxed meal: Singaporean and Puerto Rican leftovers. Fusion at its best! And it ain't bad at all! Ain't bad at all. :)
Thanks to #mketweetup for allowing us to play host tonight. So great to see everyone again. :)
great meeting you as well, lets stay in contact after the expo
. No doubt angelo should have gotten deal done before probowl season. Im sur it was alot cheaper then. Smh
It's Friday the 13th. Here we want to know is anyone getting married today?
check out nayeli if you need a wonderful pet sitter!!
The Owl Bar is closed for Thanksgiving. We wish everyone a wonderful holiday and will reopen on Friday!
hey Lil brother love u Hope u had fun the weekend
is there still bread in the freezer?
even has a way for you to enter items and save to use stats again
Next at Townshend's Tea on Alberta. Meeting w/an insurance broker who some say speaks plain English re: health insurance for self-employeds!
Shuddup ! lol I'm Sick Of You , Lil Girl
Exactly. The easier it is to pay for high tuitions (subsidy, loans, etc), the less pressure there is to lower prices.
Saul Williams tonight?? Yes please!
Same here
Thx! Headsets/mics sound good @ live shows. Then GTW recordings sound degraded unless done w/ external prgrm. Suggestions?
dear fast food restaurants, why the fuck do you use so much mayonnaise?
My neighbor got an iPad! I know this because I always steal his mail. My new iPad is awesome!
