I miss that elf... Thing.
Do you think Ke$ha has $yphilis?
Do guys really like slutty asians?
Pls follow our revamped main Union-Tribune accounts:
I know 2012 was just ridiculous I had no clue what was going on
Ugh who has an extra t mobile phone they dnt use ?
Aww, thank you! :) I've been having fun with it ... I just need to FINISH it!
What's this? 1 year anniversary for 's ? Slainte, friend! Paper gifts for 1 year, no?
come on I'm already hard and waiting
on board. will be heading home to you and the boys soon.
Blue Laws (holdovers?) Throwing snowballs will result in a $50 fine. (awww... that's just takes the fun out of winter : ( )
SURF Report: (PacificBeach) 3-5 ft waist to head high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Living the New York Life!
Its Hot AF-.-
Thanks! I'll check 'em out-- anyone specific I should try for?
Flop city
Lady Gaga...I bet Blake Shelton is loving sitting next to her.
YES! hahah so good
#FF & for news updates, for great photos, and & for excellent #LA neighborhood news
OK Brent, we get that his nickname is the Honey Badger...
hoodie allen ain't that bad either
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute
Leaving a warm bed on a cold morning suckss..
Please bed let me go! Release me now!
I'll drop it in the mail and we'll see.
nope I bought mines when they came out online.
Pau Gasol can only rebound one side of the court per game.
Hand sanitizer is the best way to find invisible cuts on your hands.
What is the definition of a winner speak on it
updated twitter to , some chick from africa had that shit when i signed up but now it's all mine muahahha
Way to a nice morning: stopping at new on my way to work. ¡Orale!
i love u and happy valentine day from me i miss you so much please accept my love i m dying in your love please save me love me plzzzzz
pretty much amazing... glad y'all are getting to enjoy Nashville a little... now get some Pancake Pantry tomorrow morning!
Miss you Cat.
I just had one of those Arbys chicken sandwiches you've been talking about...yum!
good morning
For Blacks History Month. I would like to thank all the Education Leaders,Entertainers,Sports,etc. Thank You.
This game is nerve-wracking! Let's win this one #Nuggets!!
That's how my book club does it. We gather (and eat!), and then the organizer manages a single Skype call with the author.
Can something exciting happen atleast just for once.
Went to a chili festival. They had to chili. No joke. Thought about chili all week. Guess that means it's time to break out the crockpot...
No Girl Wants To Be Called A Bitch , But Once You Put The Word 'Bad' In Front Of It , These Girls Feel Honored. #MAKES NO SINCE
#cil11 hhonors wifi : had to go into safari and input the Hilton conference password. Now it's working fine.
So less WH water-testing than Joe pushing the admin forward, if only out of unstoppable id.
I want a cat bus!!!!
ik, our tour at the white house at 8
oh that's awesome!
awww I just got out the shower so frick you! What's pish! U mean fish oh spelling mistake soony!
This new blackberry has made the most unproductive person ever.
I'm still waiting ? :)
come on Bucky......we can beat Duke!!!
Love school meetings w mom & all teachers & all the teachers attack you ! #yes .
The Wookies are everywhere. RT 18% of werewolves are actually misdiagnosed Chewbaccas.
thank you Scott! We had a great time and can't wait to do it again next year. :) Hope to see you soon
Just bought me some chocolate chip cookies. 's preso has me craving cookies.
I believe the Twitter term is tweet chasers.
can you take a picture Please ?
hmm. Really? How so?
Wednesday, December 14. I am tuned to Political junkie on #NPR Ken Rudin TalkoftheNation
Ha! I heard. Daddy brought those back for them. And didn't put the batteries in... :)
I hate people who blow their nose around me.
go will go!
Posey just came out to cheers. Jogging induces a louder cheer.
im tryna grow up quick lmao
A week of finals next week, then onto the 10 week home stretch. I can not wait to close this out!
RT ": I just want my boys to succeed... Follow their dreams and have them come true.."> I admire u for that statement alone
Cincinn - who's visiting the tent? Take a picture of yourself there and I will post it on our website!
trust me...you can be 1 of those early high levels....but not if you continue to be a non believer...but you'll see
On the phone with zach and
Language pet peeve: ending sentences in "at". Why's that all over daily speech now? "Where you at"? "Where I ended up at." "Going to be at."
I've got five different games of #wordswithfriends going on at once. I love the madness.
here's to a happy holiday season!
Kill them with kindness
If you won a sweepstakes and could tour with any band you want, which one would you choose?
That moment when you finally relax and your mom calls you to do something.
Game went pretty smooth...
"I just sat there for, like, 45 min. reading articles on the internet through band class. Music sucks." -Prep school girl at Starbucks.
thanks im gonna wear those today
thanks u!!
#goodmorning hit u up bout da email...im tryna be down
Rather given great gifts by City of Indianapolis and Butler, including tree planted in his honor at Garfield Park.
HOW COOL! Tonight on PBS (check local listings) check out #nola's Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews perform at the White House!
Austin, Tx. U?
Are we that transparent? Oh well. Thanks for the S/O.
unless it's literally baby boot camp. Did you ask the place why all those tires are on the playground?
This article touches on a number of the issues we were discussing the other day.
I think Charles Barkley is right ... only an NBA team can be Kentucky. Davis is a man!
Just finish giving Bebe a bath next Kuikui and that is gonna be some hard work haha
your a plug
Thanks Laura, very kind of you to say. Keep up your great work too!
#Bibliotech12 Can humanities overcome the limitations of
holy crap it's 2 am here on west coast, you are burning that midnight oil!
t(-_____-t)
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
thank you thank you! i just got home and heard your vm and tweet
Are you wearing flip flops? LOL
Transition defense anyone? C'mon Suns!
nice. We are about to head out too. No real plans. Let me know where you land and I'll do the same
choices were made last night, serious choices...
call me
I've been very confused by all the #Rangers! tweets, until I realized they are for the NY #Rangers- now I approve!
“: Betting line on Indiana-Kentucky has risen to UK -10 at some Vegas places tonight. Had held steady at -9 this week. #iubb”
Lol I'm in India so it's my morning. 😊 I'm living here for 2 months working on a TV Show “: You have to work tonight?
February break. FINALLY.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  4
Thought of the question in my last tweet on my way home in an area where someone was robbed at 7:30p...where there are plenty of ppl.
When I say Austin, you say Mahone...AUSTIN
some mornings, i wake up and i hate my life - then i drink some coffee and everything is OK again.
Havnt tweeted in awhile can't wait to get my ass back to Vegas oh how I miss you
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
#happyfathersday,Check out Heart of The King, ATribute to Elvis June 24th heartofthekingontour.com Makes a great fathersday gift
I wonder how much money the right direction action pac spend on anti Barrett ads?... Probably enough to help get Wisconsin out of debt
After my disastrous 17 hr flight from PBI to LAX last week, I'm headed back w/ only 6 days to recover. Lesson learned -- flying
RT : #1 reason that #LastThursday is so amazing: & together. on 1 block.
George hill prolly the best player to come out of broad ripple highshool In Indiana
Ouch! RT : AG Van Hollen peed on self a little, sort of like a new puppy
Maria Elena Durazo: "City on the Edge" video attacked by civ. establishment: it exposed reality of LA laborers. Is it online?
Ortiz hit him with an intentional headbutt. Ref called time in and Mayweather dropped him. He deserved it
boy meets world.
I'll touch base when it gets closer... and any more recommendations, PLEASE send them my way!
pretty good. How was your's sweetie?
TONIGHT CLUB STILETTOS LIVE PERFORMING BY EMPHAMOUS B COME CHECK ME OUT COME PARTY WITH US TONIGHT!!!!!!!
figured it out - Max Patkin he was funny
Want some Mp3s Frank Tony Type music Message me you email address Enjoy!
"I've gotta feel alive... even if it kills me"
HFC is proud to welcome the managers and employees of the Ulaanbaatar Electric Distribution company to their certificate program.
Mothers Day Brunch $29 all you can eat buffet! Please contact us to make reservations for Mother's Day!
At Mobile Future 15 #swswi event to see talk
refuse to have a headache like lastnignt
High five! And chest bump cuz I do that to people I like
Don't miss the tropical conservatory at Garfield Park just south of downtown #Indy if you're here for the
hi! I hope you& the rest of the janoskians have an amazing show tomorrow!Sorry I can't listen I have a huge test! Love you tho x
": The lion sleeps for 20 hours a day." Hahaha this reminds me of
will get there if its the last thing I ever do! #world champions
Admit it. U want Jerry in you (;
Save the date! flying at you on April 20-21, 2012.
Janice always makin promises she know she not gon keep lol foh dawg
Now for the sales!!! Be prepared to shop while you DINE at #ConcertsontheCurve tonight. will have 20% off from 6-9pm only.
The questions/responses will be part of our graphics package in the paper.
scanning (a happy return)
“: A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it.”
does sex play a big role in your relationship?!
Who should open for War of Ages?
RT : "all you have to think is what is best for the city, and it's easy" - Mary Cheh on endorsing Vince Gray for Mayor
Been looking for a different hashtag, doesn't seem to have one either. Last year it was
you make me feel like shit because i ALWAYS seem to do something wrong or say something bad, and then we get into a big fight.. no big deal
did you make a copy?
ditto. good thoughts.
thank you! :)
Our first meeting after #SWRedmond - excited to meet up with everyone again!
I wish I could meet them!
“What do you get if you divide the circumference of a jack-o'-lantern by its diameter? Pumpkin π.” Comedian John Evans
I attempt to...lol RT : you sing?
All the sexual things on my tl lol
Teal has disappeared...
movie was amazing. Thanks for being so raw & open.
I've only seen it once in theaters & it was an incredible experience. Made me realize how unreal it will look on the big screen
We will be at the Atlanta pet parade...April 21st...will you be there?
you only want what you can't have...
NO. YOU DID NOT?!
what a night capper taking place in Nashville.
^ I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up. Tina Turner
I'm sorry that you had to go so soon.
I would have loved to meet. Too bad I'm in Florida. Why Strong Hoapital?
it hasn't laid or anything though :)
Must go offline for a while to work on some stuff. Later.
Shoe Game of the ass this summer.!Like a Boss!
Intrigued by ILI. Would love to see any evaluations done on cultural heritage social media projects! Anything online?
tweeting about the weather is way more boring. “: Tweeting about drugs continues to blow my mind.”
Absolutely amazing guys! The Today Show. Phenomenal. <3
Now what did I say last week about the Kings? Oh baby! You could see upset written all over the choking faces of Vancouver after gm 1!
This weather is perfect
thank you sir!
yay! treasure! thanks for stopping by and looking. no need to comment, i know commenting is HARD xoxox
Everyone watch #CelebApprentice !!!!! Love this show and u learn so much about marketing!!!!!
Just got told I should be a stripper
thank you :) it's actually my favorite too
Had a really refreshing conversation. Intellectual stimulation can often be truly exciting.
Jeff casteel shows it's more about the Chemistry and Roses and maybe the Sunshine, not just the Benjamins #arizonawildcats :-)
In honor of my jaw being unwired, my coworker saw fit to blare "The Final Countdown" at high volume throughout the newsroom.
#bb13 Daniele needs to go home, she's nothing but trouble and drama, she's a nobody and a devil in disguised, SHE IS A WITCH
vacation time is almost over :(
well they're all assholesssssss.
😂LOL my gma thought FYB stood for frozen yogurt bar!! and
#ff MT Those of you who did the wave in the arena, we have your names and are contacting the proper authorities.
Boo Cowboys. RT : glad for #RGIII but not happy for my #DallasCowboys having to play him
Phone call leads convert more with higher LTV - Brian Lewis
what happened
Sometimes nothing can be the start of a problem now a days. Phones work both ways
I love how everyone but Mexicans celebrate Cinco de Mayo.
#LiesIveToldMyParents im sleeping over my best friends house
Warm thanks for the #mention !
yes! i was sleeping and dreaming and started laughing in my dream and woke up laughing!!!!
Thank you so much! Let me know what you think about the rest.
it was to come up sooner or later. So I chose now
Gotta hit me with that address n inbox G so I can get you looking #FLY down there in TX w/ JenoLo Tees Baby!!
RT Statement from State Supt" despite my leadership in these areas I have not been involved in the drafting of these proposals
“: Blazers should be down 30. (And might be soon.) Comon' guys!!!”sadly true
There is nothing to watch on tv either :'(
Happy Valentine Day!! Come enjoy the evening with Enoteca!
No matter how old I am, still alive, my mom, I - a child.
Tell you'll buy her a cupcake if she buys you a hat and she bolts right out of bed.
thanks for the follow do you do posts from indie artists as well?
It's been a beautiful day at #RISD! If the balmy weather has put you in a good mood, remember the #RISDAnnualFund and give back today!
Howard you doing today? 😉
Husband and daughter are playing Tekken in the other room. Daughter goes to husband "Daddy are you a girl?" husband "Yup" lol
yeah! pub'd! thanks for the shoutout :)
yeah people think were twins sometimes
That guy will probably talk to his friends later about how important he looked in the airport, talking about his big big TV.
This English project... I don't even know where to start. I mean does Gulliver's Travels really need another chapter written for it?
id do anything to have my mom back!
I like the fresh shave, but I think it feels extra cold in this weather...
“: I HAVE to go to the Luke Bryan concert this summer” IS THERE ONE?!?
460 tweets already ? Good job
Hahah that's a lot of balls on fire
I feel 5
Have a great day!
Health plans are like hospital gowns…You only think you’re covered.
Join us today for cream of mushroom soup, and muffaletta moday
Passed out last night doing an extensive image search of Rudy Gay Just wanted 2 see what he looked like in regular clothing
No, not really. He's too smug and not suave! Golden Eye was decent tho :o
me too. one of the scariest things ever.
About to watch my #Saints!
cont. Visit 's table to get a pamphlet on how 2 do biz with them. #sdp2p cont.
- You two ROCK! Thanks for carrying the torch!
I could see that. Let's hope this new place opens soon! P.S. This isn't the Joe Petro that went to STM, is it?
Me and my brother are like best friends.
I love You Sweet Heart:))
Sometimes I wish 1 of close friends were famous but not like Justin bieber famous but like so I would be like
The only person who you should be fully committed to is yourself.
nobody knows wine like Justin know wine
My poop is your house.
Kforce is looking for a Solutions Architect with experience designing solutions that enable people to collaborate & solve problems quickly
McDonalds large coke to start my work day
Not that surprising considering skyrocketing tuition. Greater buy-in for parents.
“: if u ask me how im doing I will say I'm doing jus fine, I will lie n say that ur not on my mind” you chill too!
Welcome out your host, Josh Johnson!
Do they walk berkman, too?? Batting over .400.
Remember everyone you meet has lost something, is afraid of something, and loves something.
“: Tiago Splitter always comes on the court looking sloppy af, but it's cute though. Lol” Thank you gabby for approval!
*deep sigh*
12 hours of sleep is just what I needed after finals week 😊
check out tomorrows sale! 3 ampoules of Vital K. 25% off. your skin will love you for it.
Have a Gnight everybody
What did M Vaughan have to say on matter?
Congratulations to Drew Bledsoe on his nomination to the #Patriots Hall of Fame. Just saw that Drew is new to Twitter - welcome!
Was there ever a doubt? ;) It's on my iphone.
"I need a man who smells like coco butter & ca$h".
Paper wall: legal system creates barrier to keep the poor from accessing resources
That's great. Enjoy this time. Praying a smooth pregnancy and healthy delivery for you!! Night.
Well, has inspired me to NEVER leave her side again for fear of what she might do when her "conscious goes on vacation." 2 DAYS.
Not anymore haha
Eating at an Italian restaurant on Times Square.
People too weak to follow their own dreams, will always find a way to discourage yours.
When I get where I'm going there will be only happy tears.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear "no rice."
So I flip that middle finger and the index finger follow. Chucking deuces tonight.
You can say that again: “: "It's tough to influence an audience you don't know." - Nancy Duarte #in #fb”
Good morning. Do you journal? I never have kept a journal.
When big ass ppl squeeze in small ass seats on the train -___- <<<.
"Major brownie points" Lmao whaat? :D
Whats in monroe county
what the hell i thought loki was played by jared leto and now i find out it's tom hiddleston
Tomorrow night is our Wei of Chocolate and tea tasting! Free to attend, please RSVP!
thank you <3
why the cursing young.
having too much fun with your site while resizing the window. Good user experience with content
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to "it's complicated".
Things that make me roll my eyes: guys who wear their phone on their hip...
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters open house yesterday. It was a great event! Discussion of PURL's, VDP & Mktg was eye opening.
agree at least to sub in Bergs for an offensive rebound
Thanks I will. Reading Steve Jobs book right now but always looking for books for reading list
Getting lots of divided opinions.
Crystal Bridges has a number of works by women: Alice Walton far better feminist than Dominique de Menil.
So proud of my Alma Matter!
It's Admin Professionals week! 2012 theme: "The Pulse of the Office" Are you an admin? Contact us for great course options for you!
Fights that last for 2 seconds are #sostupid! People who try to be cool #swag are so not cool! But not
Actors "I want any job", but that's like saying u want to go to the midwest. There's a lot of midwest. U have to be specific - to get there
Just booked a gig 2 play w/Peter Erskine in Mar. After all these years I get 2 hit w/him. Yea!
Agreed, that's got to be the best spot - Purple mountains majesty indeed!
Chillin like a villian. Thats how I roll son.
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
Safe (and pleasant!) travel!
Should make papercut shirts with only shirt as siloutte and rest skin.
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work....
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.
Build a quality relationship in social media FIRST before you move to anything transactional. #UWEBC12 via from
Congrats Octavia Spencer!! But award does not = #winning against racial bias. It is another few steps in marathon.
The fact that everyone is either mad or hates me for being belimic.
Washington tomorrow!
You tweeted this -- Fastest and most efficient way to remove toxins & lose weight
On the downhill slide towards hump day.
What to do with my hair today... Idea's???
Yes...was pretty cool!
HELL YEA! BUT IT AH BYTCH JOB 2 BE AH WOMEN AND DO AS HER MAN SAY
#nowplaying Spirit in the Sky, Norman Greenbaun
I've been working since 830 this morning and I've hit my #unpacking wall for the day.
im on follow limit
Good morning hope everyone has a blessed and successful day
not gonna sit in this hotel rm another night and order room service. Boston awaits!
This new facebook timeline is exhausting. :)
more Moore more
probably not
For the record. If you win the mega millions tonight you get 19k a day the rest of your life. Forever.
I Found The Route Of All Evil And Lost A Friend.
Miami wins w/o great game from Wade. Again make more free throws and you will win 70 plus percent of those games.
the lord works in mysterious ways, katherine.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. i suck at poetry. One Direction is sexy.
Woot woot! My favorite sale is back at my store (!) - buy 2 bottles of bubbly or wine over $20 each, get 3rd for 1¢.
stay still!
yes, but I only started watching this season...lotta catching up to do!
get in my bed.
never gonna get too far away..
I'm not about to be working bakery hours and work outside this summer with this afro. I'm getting some braids ASAP.
can i please have a follow???? ive been with you since your first 25000 folowers
House painting is one of the best ways to add value to your home.
That female is fine as hell tho in the video.
T-Money Makes It Rain! :D <3
Major ego problem when suggests I follow
Transition ramp from 215 east to I-15 south shut down due to rollover crash. Live update in minutes on
this is beyond me, i don't know what it wants/is asking! thanks though!!
Totally out the loop. Where you heading?
Recording Screams tomorrow in the Stone Dead Studios Recording Laboratory!! Good times!!
is it ten pm yet?
I am demanding another hang sesh this week before I sell my soul to my new job & because i'm bored out of my tree! :D
Minnesota Vikings Lester Bagley says there was no secret meeting on the stadium. Hear more at 5pm on WCCO Radio.
Someone shit their pants and left it in the bathroom, wtaf
love you too!
I hate terrible babymothers.When the father is awesome he gets no praise!using babies in spite.smh
I don't know about you, but I have had enough of the garage band "Call me rock god" kid who loves his
while we're on the subject should really add a wishlist feature
totally agree
Also thanks to WOSU at COSI who also offered free space. the support here in columbus has been amazing!!
Have fun! If it's Nude Year, though, shouldn't it be a birthday suit affair?
say goodbye to wwwow and drinking on a Tuesday kid. #graduating #careeruniversity welcome to the alumni association.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Hell, why are you tweeting your own tweets, for that matter?! ;o)
One month until Armed Forces Week begins! What were some of your favorite events last year?
Ladies ===> RT nope sure wouldn't
Look at your post !!! ;P
just a couple spots available in the april scene class. who is going to get them?!?!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe FLAWLESS JAY!
Its hangman. I was never a Brewer fan! If anything, I was a Twins fan. But more of a Mauer fan really :)
After watching Greys I need a cocktail. you are a fantastic actress #jessicacapshawlive Seriously need a vodka tonic!
How cute. We have two Blenheim Cavaliers. They are very sweet.
At the Orthadonist
I would definitely list it.
I need to do your son a favor
It's National Dance Day!
thank you Hun send some more this way
I need some soda crackers or toast and a ginger ale and a big bucket hahahah
Can't wait to help out tomorrow in the LA Sports Arena.
what'll we eat?
My man avoids the camera, but tonight the camera found him! #NASCARRaceDayon SPEED.
Sad way to go : BREAKING NEWS: Penn State trustees oust football coach Joe Paterno, president Graham Spanier (AP)
awe your dog is so cute
fashion policee :P
I'm just like you, only prettier. (; -Miranda Lambert
can i go too?
Congratulations, I didn't get a chance to properly congratulate you and didn't see you after you left the table; you earned it...
Life is so beautiful and horrendous.. its better to have a false peace than an honest war.
Shipping containers = Modular archives for the Someone tell Prof Blanchette! #modularrules #amiaDAS2011 twitpic.com/6pgdu8
tf. BILLY IS MINE. :C
I am sure you are invited... I mean who wouldn't invite you!
Please God let me get to my family To lose them I just couldn’t bare I grabbed on to each one that called me I pulled everyone to the stairs
a lady came through my line and her purse was shaped like a giraffe and I thought of you hahaha
yessir ! I'll be in the house
At UW about to hear talk about failing. I should be the keynote speaker on this topic. I mean, really. C'mon.
Husband: He almost ate that whoe egg himself!
Craving burgers? See you Friday at our pop-up for some of the best belly burgers in the Bay by !
Not a bad first week returning to the fitness game. Lost 3.6lbs. This week I won't skip running on Thursday like I did last week.
#GoTribe Still From Da A Nigga Would Click, Smack A Hoe Tribe, Bitch Go Get Ya Daddy HAHA
Nope. I think that its a question of priorities and some residents have raised this issue several times.
Here's a perfect one for internet poker...56 in BB...no raise...flop 789...3 all ins..6 10 and J 10...all three variations of a straight!
Firefly revival now, Joss! Now!
one side note. It's very quiet there supporter groups walked out at the 16th minute
do you like lady gaga?
a moment of genius between a group of geniuses sealed in the history of movie greatness. :)
Melanie wins SYTYCD... she good but damn Sasha had the soul.
TIFFs were created by Aldus for use in their PageMaker desktop publishing app. Aldus was bought by Adobe, and now holds the TIFF copyright.
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma people show up ready to worship tonight. Our preparation begins tonight!
The dart landed on Buttercup's dress. Green hair it is!
harassing guy reading badiou on the bus....i think he thought i was crazy, but how often to you get to talk about badiou on a bus?
sounds good to me.
I think I will -hard to avoid spoilers
Follow our personal twitters, , , , ,
had a couple friends stay over last night; there freaking iPhones went off all night, it was like transformers were in my livng room...
Who else finds that the best time to tweet is when you're walking to your car?
half the times i be wondering "why do they even need me here at work"
one of many reasons
Just finished reading "delivering happiness...." Very inspirational book...a must for anyone who is looking for something more in life
stoked that I have nearly sold off most of my old bass gear. now its time to start buying things off my wish list!
Pink live = studio version #pointblank No autotune needed.
in 2001 I watched/listened to every single M's game live. in 2012 do not feel the need to tweet every game.
Bud, I left Mcfaddens but ask for he will take good care of them! I'm the GM of now.
What up man, remember me from Mississippi.. The studio under Hot 97.7 Blakk brought you to me... Lol How you been Fam..
Giving turns your customers into your best marketers.
Totally fantastic to catch up with & at Warszawa in Santa Monica. High fives & polish beers were had by all.
Oh snap you should cover Chris Brown's Forever' ;)
just make sure u bring milk!!! Lol ~ahah
I have girl scout cookies, you can put them on his desk too.
Have to say-i got one of the coolest sisters a brother could ever have.
Message from the Manager Man himself: "Another Joe/Erick collaboration turns into yet another crazy awesome debut special."
LOL they will laugh at me if I claim to be a celebrity!
yeah; I love him too♥
tehehehe yeah buddy
: Thx for your VT comments-- The intro slide is PowerPoint :)
Make a stop in Palestine/Israel!
haha see u then! ;)
"Lord Jesus, we ask you now to help us remain with you always, to be close to you with the ardor of our hearts,"
So many people on the 0L bus this am, they were almost on the drivers lap. Did that many people get a job or does need another bus?
you are welcome. Thanks for creating great content.
Via // But You, Lord, are a shield around me, my glory, and the One who lifts up my head. (Psalm 3:3 HCSB)
definitely! Sorry I had to run out so soon, I'm sure we will meet again!
The future freaks me out
Who needs a TV when you have twitter?
I wish i was somebody special in your eyes.
Wisdon is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it..
Burr! It's cold out side.
1 in every 13 people on the planet are on Facebook. We will prob be asked to give our FB status at Border Control soon!
I haven't cried for two days. I thought I was doing so well. But all those old voicemails killed me
#hastac2011: theme for this set of lightening talks is definitely "boot strapping!"
Slept in
Panelists: Theresa Collington, Mike Wilson, Don North
UNLEASHING jOY IS LOOKING FORWARD TO CONNECTING WITH THE COMMUNTIY The Art of Schmoozing and listen to Bouncing Back ---Dr. C
Thomas Edison was grounded for 2 months when he asked a loyal friend to eat crushed worms.
Yeah but you just used irascible in a sentence. Hawt
Since "the world" is soo worried... nothing I wouldn't do for em...
you get more for ur money wen u fuk wit SHOUT OUT
“: SIUC domecoming. Two thousand and gay.”. That's kinky Brigit. Hot.
New: Green coffee bean extract is the newest pill deemed safe for fat burning.
When #ChuckNorris wants popcorn, he breathes on Nebraska.
I hope "GOT" means he was only tranquilized and taken back to his home. Right? :)
#10confessions I miss 's small venue shows more than you will ever know. :'(
Injustice could be eradicated, but human disputes and natural limits cannot be removed.
Guys, "Dirty Dancing" is the best movie ever.
Sorry I get so many msgs plus I work a lot too, so its hard to keep up with them all!!
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
Great! Week of May 7th is awesome. Anytime works for me as that's finals week and no finals! I will DM my sell later.
omfg the tears stream... watching the part where cher gets voted off
Just saw a girl sobbing because she heard Nate Dogg died. Really?
yes I knew all that haha. He friends with my cousin, but i don't understand that whole last name thing
Just booked the film called Peephole. It's nice to hear the executive producer say "You were our fav of the day :)"
Gonna catch a freight train.........
Pretty sure the fat old guy in the BMW behind me was getting road head. Thanks, Parma.
Let me tell ya somethin babe!
Baby Cakes, im pretty sure I'll be in LB with partying on Saturday night if you wanna join
I have a shovel you can borrow
yes": Anyone else in favor of not having Darnell Gant shoot 3-pointers in critical situations? Second time this season. #Huskies"
RT Ron Paul running a cash bar at his party?? Better only be taking real gold money. None of this fiat currency nonsense.
Hey! Ladyfriend is playing a great show tonight! Also playing: Whisperlights and !
RT #Louisville coach Rick Pitino is a perfect 10-0 in Sweet 16 games. That's simply incredible.
I've been feeling the same the past few days.... not suuupppppeeeerrr sick but still sick
lol yup! RT : now Follows on Twitter :)
And Serena...
Andre's experience matters.
I know right! #crazy 😲
at least its a good place to make a regular hang out ;)
becus it's Windows :]
Happy New Year Vikas, see you at CES!
I'm not home . And I no longer have wifi at home.
please pick me and give me the chance to make my 2 lovely daughters life :-)
for the follow
Also Thanks for doing this contest and all of the others you have held.
what's that say? No iphone. Lol
IF YOU GO TO LONDON LOOK FOR 1D HEHE IM STALKING THEM WHEN THEY TO VEGAS WITH STEPHANIE KELSEY AND KYLIE
goin out for the day!(:
Happy Mothers Day to all moms today! You birthed a child(ren)... Enough said. 💝💝💜💛
Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA and get 20% off your bill today! It's Walker Rebate Wednesday - time for your reward!
RT : I had your blackened chicken po boy and vegetarian jambalaya with for the #YPweek today. DELICIOUS!
whats your addiction?
Thank you for the 75th Anniversary wishes. Looking forward to the next 75!
The rest of that panda is probably less beautiful.
i just heard a girl talking about an enema on the bus
if you're gonna report it then go all the way. WHAT they are eating may be a crucial indicator. Come on Breer.
keep at it and stay up
Sorry to hear that! Please DM me so I can get more info on your order and address the issue for you
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now reviewing app #130019 Festival Music Society.
2k12 WHO FEELS DIFFERENT WHAT REMAINS THE SAME WHATS NEXT ? FROM SQUALA''IF EYE COULD LIVE AGAIN'' TELL U
dont be depressed honey!!
screen test
you know I love you, but this last batch of shirts I just got are so thin I can see through them. Whats up?
Had a dream about #vegas can't wait!!
sleep.. it would be a great thing right about now
I hate you, but think I love you at the same time.
already on it ;)
For a second there, you thought I was really cool! haha
Well thank you!
Okay maybe not. The waffle is quite sweet on its own
Should I buy it on vinyl? I should buy it on vinyl.
it would be a pleasure to have you!
MT from #EstherMcCoy short story "The Important House" in , 4-17-8 "You've made it look as if no one lived here."
Wish I didn't have so much studying today! Looks Like a good dog walking day at
the graphs of your spending usually are like punches to the stomach... i used to eat out so much and didn't even realize it.
hope your day speeds up! love ya! take a break would ya? lol
#crowdsourcing - what do you want to do with the laptop? speed, multimedia, office functions?
Hopefully charged his eyepad last night.
"You remind me of Peppy Miller. You would have been so classy in the 20s." #BestComplimentEver you made my weekend!
View our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
;Yea I can send you some stuff. I'll DM you in a bit.
Some guy just told me I look like Marcia Cross and then picked up my tab. Whatever, I'll take it!
#Larry is in the lead (':
publicly-biased? what do you mean?
time for a nap. (:
I want some damn candy
it's also 2 days until i turn 21, time to get faded! Just need to knock out this midterm i have later today
Not particularly. Those teams weren't as good as the Kings by the underlying numbers. LA was top 5 tm in Fenwick tied & close.
Limp biscuit
Oh no..the NBA has taken over Twitter. 😓
Middleton with 6 runs in the sixth inning to take an 11-3 lead over Madison East.
thanks! I think I'm towards the end of this cold.
There are eyes that fall in love with bleared ones. - Spanish Proverb
like wow
What's good?
Okay ! I find the problem ! I can follow again only If I have 1000 Followers !
Inside of the dullest exterior there is a drama, a comedy and a tragedy
It's always sunny! Beach ;)
Looking for a professional photographer in the Duluth, Mn area. Any have a recommendation?
Oh yea, things are so good in the economy $AMZN and $GS are fee falling. Shorts are working well. Retail is really slow now
Do you know how much DC misses you??
Our house needs a new scanner. Anyone totally psyched on one?
i think it's colder where you are ;)
Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?
": Do you still eat tuna out of the can??? Every time I open a,can I think of u lol #IneedToKnow" lol ur a mess
RT : #FutureOfTV game changer: 500m connected TVs will be delivered by 2015 – blurring the lines between TV and the Web.
Wait this chick calls herself the gangster nancy sinatra? Serious? Too much instagram too little book.
Monitor compliance with policies
well so is mine stoop trying to cause an argumentt.
Star Media suite RT where ur seats at?
Heya Kevin, big fan of the show. Shatner's bday is on thursday, and Nimoy's on monday. An "ask shat" is kinda obligatory..
Urban Renewal
Empower Network is back!
looks like it's going to get ugly with Kristen and Rachel this Sunday.
I noticed one of your comments on a HuffPo site, could I ask you some questions for an article? RT me if you're interested.
Thanks to everyone who showed us some love at today. And don't worry if you couldn't get a shirt we saved one for you. ;)
"He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator."~Francis Bacon
do you ever come down here and visit?
Beautiful weather here
I wish I was going!!!
yeah some bs!!
I think I solved this hacking issue. Srry again to anyone who got those annoying mssgs from "me."
Hearing British accents around me only makes me want an accent more.
I feel so great!!!
one would assume so.
I agree with that.
Halloween Weekend! One of the most entertaining times of the year! I'm partying as the one and only Ray Charles tonight! What will you be?
true, especially when it comes to baseball coverage by the media. And I ALWAYS feel better when football is off the table.
I always missed those carnivals....
damn, that's a lotta QA...
I'm sure you've seen video of Ellen Degeneres "auditioning" for the audiobook of 50 Shades of Grey?
Pizza and relaxing.... That's how it should be everyday :) lol
It's always nice to see familiar faces looking similarly awkward.
Yes - so happy about Undefeated. But I loved PINA.
Holy shit. It's amazing how much better of a mood I am in just being on a college campus instead of at work.
RT : Here's to letting go. And starting a new chapter.
Kari: "did you just say you're sick of watching me do my hair? Rude" Swede: "no I said I'm so tired, I just stare at your hair" Lmao
totally jealous of you right now!
Ah, you finally gave it a listen. Thanks man, glad you liked it! Shout out to
Oh, a rain delay, you say? Perhaps I will still get to see the game. Yes, I just may.
It's not who you know, it's who knows you.
I could be your buzz lightyear, fly across the globe.
#presidentialDebate Gabriel Quadri "tonight we see a debate between 3 polititians and a citizen (candidate)"
bored. Think ima dye my hair again
We used to think Pandas we cute... Until Google adopted a Kungfu one! Death by Panda is real for websites!
yeah yeah i know...ive been told one too many times
kidding!! Hope to meet you guys there!
no. those must be new. i don't remember square ones, just the ones for spec. opps
Banctec is at the InterContinental Hotel in Dallas for #TEXPO, come check out iBPO at our booth!
Are you going to BBall Friday? Come see us we have some shirts for you
yo philly looks small from here
Dow is down because of T-Pryor...everything is going to hell
#FF is a bilingual community newspaper produced by its youth - por y para la comunidad.
i KNOW it would, biffle. RT : I think the Florida sun would help :)
Ridiculously, I say this to an audience of people I probably wouldn't want to wring the necks of.
Can't wait to watch!! HUGS :)
Just π will be @ 13th and Coronada today @ 12noon. Stop by for your free sample of sweet potatoe pie! YUM!
At the DECA area competition and I'm practically shitting myself.
completely with you on that.
San Diego wooden boat fest this weekend at koehler kraft shelter island sat and sun
yeah but still...
Bored out of my mind....I'm starting to get sleepy
From a history teacher standpoint let me make a prediction-the fall of Steve Perry will be large, proportional to his vitriol vs teachers.
M so tired and full
i hear you got to work with my friend Sabrina on that luggage show :)
Playoffs? RT : Bears win ! welcome back football ...
ugh thank you...hey im so high I forgot what we were talking bout!!! What was again??? Lmao....
In deadpan Jim Jarmusch's Broken Flowers (2005), a solitary man stalks his past in search of a secret son and his last chance for future joy
when you back in GR? WLC is there right now for a game vs Calvin. you could meet sid comrade !
What on earth is a Paczki?! A delightful bite of heaven, available at Deangelis Donuts March 4-8th! Call in and place your orders now!
Goin to Enzo...a great pizza place in the Bishop Arts District for a good friend's 40th....
I will start studying after in back from swimming:Lxxx.
When was the last time the O's won back to back series in New York and Boston?
Bacon dip in chocolate.....aw epic....
#nowplaying the bled-silent treatment
Jack: look at this video of a baby panda sneezin Liz: thats the cutest thing ive eve seen Jack: ik... U need2 fire 10% of ur staf
You lucky face
Let us know how you liked it!
it was a really fun show! Great seeing you too!
"Bro I've already stopped listening to you, and given you the money. Just let me listen to my viking song."
Dreams seriously freak me out.
Amen! RT: To #JimTheCop is human, get human and sing the Anthem at the top of your lungs is be
Wedding picture DVD has arrived!
hey sis! Yes its so nice out here ! Love it..
Prediction for Saturday - 3 / Revolution 1. Boyd gets a brace for the game.
Sometimes its not even worth trying anymore.
214.15Mb from 306.06Mb of Boyce Avenue. oh yes, I used people's card. Im not a pirate no?.
Thanks for the mention!
when u wanna be
Planning to go to Five Points at 30 Mott Street for return to the stage of the fast light guitar fingers of Michael Hsu.
why not?? We can do another day-want to see you too!!
We are currently briefing the panelists for the IAP photography panel. We will begin the panel in 15 minutes.
Suggestions for how you may volunteer for Congo Run this Fall:Guest Blogging,Advertise at Hospitals,Advertise in colleges etc
Howdy,Oregon is garbage!
Thank you for the RT. We have some truly amazing volunteers world-wide helping kids grow critical-thinking & creativity skills!
Escape to the beach Tuesday! Rum Buckets, Skinny Lemonade, King Cake, Live Music, Steel Drums, Gumbo, Margaritas, & Mojitos!
I have been enjoying Battleground too. Though the Office parallels are sometimes distracting.
Gonna go to the beach with the bestie in two weeks! Her parents are going all out for her bday. They rich af too #excited !!!!!!
I know. Seriously
We Haven't Talked in Forever
i won't stop loving till February 30th . There is no February 30th <3
I want to work in the mail room. They have mastered the art of internet article reading.
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe in never going to use geometry in my life.
I'M FOLLOWING YOU!!! SHOUT -OUT !!! HEHE :)
Awkward couples are so funny. Holding hands hands isn't supposed to be uncomfortable.
Rico got da sack
Right? What a loser 8)
Bring back the liberal arts in my liberal arts college.
The gays in front of me are def enjoying each other, but not as much as I'm enjoying my bf for the night: this box of Butterfinger Minis.
Breaking out the snow boots!!
The noise of the wheels does not measure the load in the wagon.
Finally. A part of modern prostitution.
While "LOCAL" is certainly a flexible term, the basic concept is simple: local foods/products are produced/made as close to home as possibl…
Look! It's a bird, a bee, a butterfly! Learn from a garden coach how to build a garden to attract these creatures. Sat 4/14 1-3:00 @ Nanini.
Mixtape w josh Phillips this weekend. Can't wait for this shit to get goin
And high up above or down below When you're too in love to let it go But if you never try you'll never know Just what you're worth
Yes. Like so many other things in writing a novel. :)
Had a terrific Peking Duck at the Peking Duck House, now off to see several clients in new musical version of "Pippi Longstocking"
RT Creativity is a key property of all living systems and contributes to natureʻs inherent ability to sustain life - Fritof Capra
Dont let anyone dull your sparkle <3
I almost don't rememer life without #DVR. How primitive.
It's ironic that on the day I donate blood, my AP bio homework is on heart functions and blood..
this week video girl the movie at barrywoods in kansas city, amc jersey gardens in elizabeth, NJ
Not one cent should be raised unless it is in accord with the law.- Napoleon Bonaparte
Might be first time I had a really crap day and knew I should go exercise and actually did!! Guess this is working for me. For now.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure" -great saying, horrendous slogan for an adoption agency
: that's awesome...looking forward to checking it out when your done!
Maybe you shouldn't have cheated like an idiot. She would still be around if you didn't fuck up. So gtfo.
Look forward to reading “: Just ended #innovation telecon w on his new book, The Coming Prosperity. A great read!”
thanks for the Shout Out Bud!
What is everyone dressing up as this Halloween?
To honor Zayn's return to US tour I'm giving away MY autographed lanyard! Will tweet a SECRET link in next 24 hrs!
What's the record for "Most tape used wrapping a small gift?" because I'm pretty sure I just broke it.
The Silk Tie likes Jaymes! We think we have a great idea, is our idea crazy?
Tornado on the ground in Jackson Co... a strong line of storms is sweeping across southern MN. We'll keep you in the loop on Fox @ Five.
damn! I wasn't there again
RT : "Our job is a hell of a lot harder than it was five years ago." {{entire panel chuckles}}
"The future cannot be predicted, but futures can be invented."
Fw: Child ID Flyer
The two scales at anytime are 9 pounds off of eachother.
Just got 100/100 on my first software development assignment!
I know some panty inspectors. “: Anyone know a good home inspector? Need to get one done.”
Tic Toc Tic Toc... we can't wait! #Monicals RT : T-minus 5 days till !!!
UNFOLLOWED or WORSE...OFF WITH MY HEAD :/
Say my name, say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you!!!
You don't have to be a geek to love your Mac either :) (Hugging MacBook)
it's a "compliment" wrapped around a hundred layers of insult
I feel like "the water boy" 2day as I get ready for Sunday & look at old pics...I LOVE MY MOMMA!! Haha
In just a matter of days, states like Nevada and New Jersey have ramped up their efforts to pass legislation for online poker!
missed you tonight…my day was that much more empty
Good! How about you?(:
The plastics and polymers are uses to bring sheen, lift, and volume. These elements tend to get on the scalp and build a plastic coat.
I hope the cowboys keep screwing up:)
Q from senior to #Zimbabwe youth: "What will you pursue for your future? Would you be interested in coming to the US?"
Miss coaching baseball and soccer.
"Time for President Obama to submit all three job-creating trade bills" <-- means its almost time for you to say Y they suck
correct me if i'm wrong.i'm not sure who said it.we let Cody (babyface) Ross go because we belive in Cameron Maybin.
31 pages of story boarding for act 1 of #TheRedRider! ... If a picture is worth a thousand words...
Yes school was in
When are you coming to Chicago? The city is bursting at the seams with stories ready to be told by the brilliant Henry Pacheco
can you please follow me :) ♥♥
YESS!! Finally bout to leave , I'M TIED "/ ALL :-)'s now
Anyone wanna help us out by attending our next shoot?
Have I told you the joke about the tall wall. I probably shouldn't. You might not get over it.
Oh hi fever, where'd you come from? That's cool, now please go away
And now is weighing in on 's Twitter/social media expenses ...
You can get the knack very quickly! They have the same shortcuts as blogger I believe. Go for it! Looks great!
FACT. MT “: In my very humble opinion, Beastie Boys album "Paul's Boutique" is not only my fave, but their finest production”
I just know it will be haha
Guess what I get to do for work this afternoon - go to at to go see an octopus! (named after ) SO fun!
Does it seem like Hootsuite makes updates throughout the day, every day? I'm always getting msges to reload the dashboard b/c of changes!
: Garmin Nüviphone for Android has a lot going for it. Is it threatened by Nexus 1's free turn-by-turn tho? That's the kwestch.
Chicago Bears sign draft pick Alshon Jeffery
Controversial! Personally, I think we should have a 'buy your own' policy with Wi Fi throughout plus an additional allowance.
thanks! I might rework my "digital projects" section to something that will also accommodate it.
My brother is filling out his graduation cards. Can't believe he's graduating college already.
15 weeks this week...thank you! Due Nov 1st, and can't wait!
SHE SAID RIGHT NOW IS NOT THE TIME SO IMMA GO GRAB A COUPLE THOTS INTELL ITS TIME FOR ME TO RETURN HOME.
you got "Prospective" 30/1 odds
Dept Homeland Security bldg across the street has a suspicious device. Everything is blocked off. I can't get anywhere. I'm hungry.
Concert today :D
follow live coverage of #assistantopinionretreat via twitter with
anytime I love wisdom! Have a great day and an amazing week!
Linen Pants x TOMS = SPING
C-USA set to make press release tomorrow @ 10am, followed by UTSA presser at 1030 in Harris room of UC.
AMEN, sister. Exactly.
Put another on the board. I'm in!
I have decided that I do not want to sit around and wait for opportunties and/or people. I am MAKING things happen 4 me
": Stay trippy mane" you gonna celebrate Juicy Js birthday? Haha
Hey Pam. Still looking for comedy reels?
everyone here sends their condolences to you and the rest of the Dunn family.
Congratulations to and ! I love that you know so many pacifists (3 of us brought Ferdinand the Bull as gifts for the baby)!
got to Dollar Tree and found it is closed. And me with most of Christmas shopping to do. Sigh.
The Goddess, or one of 'em, heard my plea about the rain...and so glad we have enough snowpack in Northern CA finally.
Carmelo was about ready to open-hand slap someone
oh my goodness this is awful! Her poor parents must be beside themselves. Truly hoping she's ok.
Awww, thanks, Patricia!! Happy mother's day to you, too!
another great article! the upcoming elections should be very interesting
The only journey is the journey within. Rainer Maria Rilke
GTL all complete by 9am. Guess that's one positive thing about being woken up by a ginormous moth bouncing on my face at 3am.
Off to break in my new candy pink PS3 controller with some Modern Warfare 2 :D
Just checked your Tumblr. Go read Brideshead! There are also memory, college hijinks, and architecture. And ocean liners and ...
tory keep yo Dreds and Jersey! Ur so fast that's all DBs can catch!! Blowin in the draft behind u!
She play the games like one of his homies.
u know it's still up in the air but I know I'm going to someone's bar and getting drunk LOL
Nervous about my cousin's teacher having my flash drive that has all my pictures in it. Maybe the woman's stupid & deletes it all?!
": "Where's my navajaaaaaaaa??" " aye got that shit right here
aww! Thanks for the tweet!!! We heart you!!! Xoxo
Love it :)
I hope you have a great weekend.
I don't say this about most movies but I could 'Think Like A Man' again for all of the sexy Black Women in it. Regina Hall is my favorite!
Come on up in the Pit and workout for free your 1st time. Get instantly motivated after walking in.
Never regret anything because at one time, it was exactly what you wanted.
And had a blast! Milwaukee Bay Challenge 2nd Overall (via )
I have tomorrow morning off and I'm off at 10 tonight. What's going on, guys?
Think someone hacked acct! YOU don't need to worry about weight loss. Glad to see ya!
Don't laugh..... Acting but I ain't going. When I had sign up I thought they wud not call me. I was just bored at the time
Facing the consequences from being at the track all weekend.
Topeka Thunder must have stayed home KC Bulldogs 17 Topeka Thunder 0. Twelve min to go in the 1st quarter.
Listening to trust issues
The key is moderation, not denial. :)
Super crazy head-explode-y congratulations to for her NBC Pilot, Chicago Fire, being picked up. So very proud!
Deposit check, possible jog, bottle of Jack
We Will Never Forget and they will never stop giving us reasons to remember. #godblessamerica and god help them if they try that shit again.
Hey, if is a Doctor, I'm a fuckin rocket scientist!
I like pizza
Jeepers! I didn't know you are on Twitter! Yes- it was nice waving to you on Monday! Smooch!
fuck up individuals aren't we!
I will have that answer for you later today we are meeting tonight at 8 to discuss deals for
if you got an egg for your twitter icon
- that place was/is so nasty.
Big hugs my new pageant sister ! Thanks for following me love and I can't wait to meet you in July! Xoxo
At Least Nobody Bugs You About Reaching Far Ass Shit.
So... I just need an extended battery! GREAT!
23-10 with 4 minutes left. Lets go #Nighthawks!
I did it! Roscoe's chicken & waffles for the 1st time! Yum! Thanks for a great start at 9a this morning Tory Thompson and Dino Scofield! :)
FOLLOW ME?! IM YOUR GUITAR<3 i know ya love me....i know ya care just shout whenever & ill be there! lolollololol
Craigslist Founder will Donate $1 to National Wildlife Federation if you use
I'm exhausted .
You were created to be you, so feel good about yourself.
What a beautiful morning! Just take a look outside at the sunshine! It's such a wonderful week! Here comes the weekend! :)
Thanks for the follow, and congratulations on your success, Jill!
Thank you!
Thank you, welcome to you also. What do you do?
You are welcome! It's good to connect! Hope you are having a great day!
Jealous of all those headed to #sxsw. Austin is an awesome city :)
You scare me...so we are even...
Do you even feel like ur being watched?
It seems like everyone is making something of their life, and I'm just here laying around.
taking a 3hour lunch break. lol, yea... I do it
thats so cool! and a friend of mine got mine for me. if you dont mind me asking, but how old are you?
yay! I already got mine but a friend wanted to know! Can't wait to see ya! 😄
Survived jury duty Day 2 w/Poets on Teaching: A Sourcebook, feat., among othrs, , , , ,
damn straight
I should prolly tweet more but I never get retweeted isn't that the point here lol
On to the next one...
misses you around the building.
same here-_-some say"are you talking about those asian people again"or"whats with you and those asian people your obsessed with"
Aw, hi! Thanks for remembering me! I'm doing alright but had to vanish a while for teh crazy life. How are you!?
lol it was a girl and getting it in with don i take that as she likes hotdogs not tacos ;D
If marriage is your object, you'd better start loving your subject.
Follow us for GWCC food and beverage specials throughout the week
i will cuddle tonight.
: I definitely make enough of a mess to at least appear to be channeling him!
I just noticed that my profile is missing several months worth of tweets? What's up with that? Now, there's big gaps in my life!
I try but he convinces me to shave cause if not he'll go and attack my great grandmas cousins neighbors sister-in-laws dog.
😳 are your parents crazy?! That's way too late.
I miss being 15
That is to say gutting contribution LIMITS.
She call me monster cuz i make her scream in the dark!!!!
New Sign Idea: "Please don't eat the headphones" ? kid wrecked a pair by practically chewing through the cord
“: Gonna b a gr8 nite for my show out at Harborview Marina here in North VA-BH” On my way!!
aha;)he does:)
#ShoutOut to and
That's exactly what I said! loves it!
Honestly, I think you like little boys
Could be said to anyone running behind you .... ": your view much better :) ”
December 21st presents at with special judge . Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
Pick up line of the night: you're eyes are magical
Check out Dave Blair's new music vid for "New Day Dawning"...!
sounds like you are in the Fort?
fine...we can watch american juggalo...its a great film
I'm doing great! How are you? Hope you have some fun weekend plans=)
is a cool SF brand engagement agency. Really innovative ideas to create relevant ad copy and messaging using social analytics
I could care less how Teddy feels, they were guilty & got a slap on the wrist compared to some of the punishments given out now
RT “: Once they stop talking to you they start talking about you”
yeah, it's a "new" cup...lookin all busted with grease stains...#fuckouttahere! Lol U lucky I don't work the register..
I just read that as "& she scissored Jesus"...
where are you at ? RT : I MISS YOU TOO FUCK WITH ME SOMETIME LIKE TODAY
How is everyone doing?
Seriously wish I could just put Taylor to bed now & knock out! So exhausted
her face today when she yelled though.. LMFAO I WAS CRYING! 😂 & hay slut 🎀
We're back on the oven tomorrow. Sansome and Pine, 11:30-2pm
lol..lucky ass..
Glad im not no weak Bitch!!!!!!
The brother walks in puts his hands on my face and says are they cold, I was warm until he came in...
“: If you're the smartest person in the room change rooms!”
I will think about it
My waffles are the bees knees. (;
I like the less exercise part. :P
Not only is it 20th Century thinking, but it still is the dominant economic model our leading politicians.
you have the best damn chicken wings ever. we like to take them to the drive in.
Y'know, as a native of LA, I fail to see why anyone would live there instead of Seattle. I know, work. But still... ;)
It’s a perfect day for ______ #icecream!
I am loving your book, sweetie! Glad you are in a better place/space. Stay strong!
We encountered an issue with some server updates that brought down our main storage server. It may not be up until tomorrow. We apologize!
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Honoring our wounded soldiers tonight... You can too. Visit www.woundedwarriorproject.org
Nice job tonite by , , , , , & our favorite Aussie,
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a croissant w/ lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese & a cup of soup..$6.95 *Chili & Chowder 50 cents extra
yep. It's true you hate me.
I can't believe its already march next week.. Time flies too quick!
Omg go away hiccups
BibleFax: B4 th exile(586-36BCE)most Israelites not monotheists! Yahweh was a terrific warrior, but wht did he know bout making crops grow?
can I get my CD now LOL
lol. Yeah. Y? U didn't tell me you were going
I really have nothing to say, but I am saying it alot
I LOVE YOU MORE LOVEY!!! :) xoxo ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT!! <3
If I get wet today were fighting
Nothing like being stuck in a parking garage!
One of the greatest feelings in the world. I miss it, but unfortunately, not enough to get my ass back in the gym. Yet.
where would you put your coffee? are there cupholders in your giant hamster ball?
NO YOU DON'T
Taking my Morning Doo-Doo.. Todays color is Khaki. Looks like imma have a Good Day today! :)
Let's go buy the flying lawnmower
I couldn't let anybody badmouth donuts, even on behalf of their cousins who retained the original spelling from the old country.
ill come take care of you (:
“: Damn I never thought it would become this hard this fast.” that's what she said. :)
your words mean more than words
#night #photography is pretty fun lol haven't shot long exposures in a while.
No Air is what im singing.. :)
Hey Elle, I just messaged you information about Peace Day 2011. It is in 3 messages. THANK YOU so much!!!
We aren't promoting it, we are bucking it. /duckface
Jacket Backers Game Watching Party going on now at
Boston all the way
When someone says "Love it or leave it", They're really saying you don't have the right to change things your government is doing.
listening to the Dalai Lama chanting... amazing how powerful the words are and I don't even understand the language.
The Suns tonight
Golden Doodle :)!
Looking forward to seeing some amazing shots! Thnx evry1
Very Nice article in Alb The Magazine this month
Maybe Ginsberg can get Scalia's backing after one of their opera dates or something.
Hm definitely Chicken Kabob for lunch #Greek...iThink lol
- Something Isn't Right !!!
Also, this woman was completely obsessed with the hair band Nelson. But I think that was actually just her cultivated, quirky schtick.
oh that's awesome (:
Getting new covers for my phone #winning ❤
Adrian Gonzalez is no Paul O'Niell.
Another early start at work. #Leggo!
yea I'm down here right now in line for a poster right now with my son
That which is worthwhile IS worth the extra effort. Give it All you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES
Haha well thanks! You're awesome too, I love your tweets
uh, no, i wasnt talking about u, i was tlkng about this girl, nashieka in my science class, y did u think tht?
maybe... I don't wanna get in trouble with my dad :p he says it's strictly for school people
Yea Dale Winters
Advice to my buddy, "Don't worry - you're in the opening scene of a hilarious movie. You'll be fine by Act I."
What's up George, are you still interested?
Cavalli dress, and high heels with a drop top on hot wheels.
If you want something simple, use garage band, set it to voice and then hit record.
Step into the living room and I'm just going to ignore how all the cat's toys are on the dog's blanket.
RT So, one race to go, District 8, Pasch (D) v. Darling (R) for control of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Topics of discussion included the Harriet Fulbright College teacher program as well as the Summer School Program.
Ask An Expert Mondays: Can you wait 4 more days to ask questions to our experts?
one of the teams that are on the brink of elimination will go on to win their series. Why can't it be
how do I find out if I can catch an early flight home?
I don't know if you should be comforted or scared that your body handled that much alcohol.
Lol yes tht VERY MCH is how i feel , along with sum other explicit thoughts (; LMAO
I'm a teenager. I text at the speed of light, listen to my music too loud, roll my eyes, fall in love easily & get my heart broken.
Good Luck Buddy!
They currently have soy lecithin in the chips but great timing: I have sourced soy-free chips for 2012! Stay tuned and thank you!
That is awesome, thx! RT : Feels so good! My Jan donations went to , , &
A heart-how shall I say?-too soon made glad,
An instructor once told me that when there's resistence in your body, it's only because of the resistance in your mind.LET GO. Lisa Bonet
where to?(:
you're the shit!!
so start partying with professionals. duh
You follow him around like a little puppy. He does not like you!
If you think you are too small to make an impact, try sleeping in a room with a few mosquitoes. ~ West African proverb
ghost i tell u
S/o to all 4,066 of you #BoonDockKingz followers!! Yall are a big part of this! Lets make this year one to remember!!
"Starve a bully, Feed your soul." The wises words I ever heard from anyone.
top 5 highlights on the show HS interviewing Roger Waters? You looked genuinely happy...
#yobitv cool t.v. like the way its going
The Los Angeles Review of Books: Getting real tomorrow (7am Eastern/4am Pacific). Read it and weep.
3/25/1784->J. Craik:I had rather glide gently down the stream of life, leaving it to posterity to think & say what they please of me...
he said take my hand, live while you can, don't you see your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand.
Jason Mraz's new album, Love Is A Four Letter Word, is amazing
i do that to my brother at least once a week. do it!!
Dear Tapjoy, i erased your games and i am still getting your junk ads.... You guys suck and are sneaky little shits
Word, my brotha from my motha. ;)
#Worldseries Let's go
Not able to Attend conference? Follow along via twitter -
Trying to keep up here: is "Swiss" the new euphemism for "gay"?
Hi Tevis! I'm right now studying at Harvard and am steeped in study - tweeting thru a lecture on linguistics right now. How RU
If you're taking advantage of this #NewEngland #weather and going #skiing, forget the car and PM us for info on a ride today!
I'm going to kill someone in school today.
Another day in national credit card Empire expanding with public unconditionally proud of Superpower status with Might makes Right Mindset.
✔ Above the influence.
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Please tell me how I can make Teen Hoot better for the fans??
gurllll good choice (;
It's a #meatloaf kind of night.
is bout to shock the world
RT : Finally saw Anthony Davis twin sister.. Disappointed she doesn't have a unibrow.
...anyone needing a workout buddy in Chicago?! Help!
thats brett for ya. that was a stupid waste of a timeout. stupid calls he makes.
Great! Pretty exciting stuff! :)
Good job Bucky! It's up to MU now!
A Texas-Cal Holiday Bowl means 4 weeks of whining by Cal fans about Mack's smack in '04. ... Gonna love every second of it.
Who on earth is Sarah Phillips??!!
Thank you for sharing. We are very excited about the Tangerine Tango, but then again who isn't :)
we need more #3day_weekends. Write your legislature, start a grassroots movement
They wanna hate me
Roman dads are powerful, w/lifelong responsibility, but life expectancy was short--by age 25, there's 2/3 chance father is dead
Who comes out worse or ? Probably both.
chubbys sounds so good right now 😍
Thank you and for the RTs!
Ron Paul is trending!
You know summer is starting when people just show up randomly at my house
No-hitter in Anaheim! Jered Weaver. Awesome when it happens.
Your health is your greatest wealth, so start investing in it today.
In the mood for a "Spring Fling"...come enjoy this lightly hopped, crisp copper ale from Blue Point...perfect for losing the winter blues...
thanks for the follow
take me home, i don't wanna be alone tonight<3
Oh look, 200 followers. #homeworkcomplete can I still get points for Marketing??
me too. Just doesn't feel right...
Why not just hit Montero here? They r up 2
Then the bus taking forever to come back.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.-- Muhammad Ali
So Bullies are real tough when dealing with a 17 y/o. How about bringing that to me and lets see how i deal with you. U have no control!
Just dropped a line to AppThat, but realized it was you I'd really like to chat with about project idea. Contact info?
thank you! Awww. So sweet. <3
"this #streetpizza ain't gonna eat itself" - offering me the last slice.
Are there repressed issues you have that you feel a need to discuss by posting that tweet?
I wonder how it must feel to live in your little sisters shadow, cunt.
Wishing... Kayla to Chicago with No.23 pick
the joys of getting older :) Oh well! :)
Ok I heard Emma's his ex? Don't think that's true. The pic looked pretty recent
So do you think clouds should be rooted in ISP? Region? Personal network - as if?
It was different from a $20 steak but not much different from a $40-$50 steak.
Great conversation yesterday; barbershop talk was excellent; needs to be many more; followed by unity and action.
Trying to write something beautiful for you fellows
We'll never be perfect but we're WORTH it-worth all God has 4 us. Believe it tdy. Get rid of ANYthing stopping u from living in God's will.
To be honest .. That year drop was ment for you ...
Goodnight, my beautiful and whimsical world. May you never run out of surprises.
on a side note... Thank god for my tenacity - not a lot to laugh about at 4am without those cheesy pick up lines :-P
Go Ducks!!!
T-Minus not-that-long until I strap on my stretch pants and reunite with this weekend.
REALLY THE GUY KILLED HIMSELF .SAD BUT THERE WAS HELP HE QUIT LIFE!!!!
we can't be the boss as long as the system is based on raising the most funds. & we can't change that system until we're boss.
ok, so i'll probably be a hatefull cunt tonight, and i don't really give a fuck, so if you're expecting niceness. no. fuck you.
that's a good mantra. Trying to enjoy his little self as much as possible, even at 4 a.m. :)
Haha I suppose I never thought it would endure to this day. Plus, it's gross. :-)
Listening to race on my old timey radio. Can't help watching it, then feel silly. Enjoying last of sun's warmth + light 4 the day
Austin we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
REAL STEEL WAS A GOOD ASS MOVIE!!!
My dog was just having a dream where, instead of twitching his paws and yipping, he wagged his tail ferociously.
When I was 5 I wanted to jump in the tv and whoop the guy that punches George Strait in pure country. 20 years later...ain't changed
Thanks! It was sweet and I love those purple guys too :)
Really? I have to wait to be seated b/c my "party" hasn't arrived? But you have 20 open tables?!?
dude, where are you? I'm here.
Girls made a salad tonight from cilantro, chives, lettuce growing in the yard.
Reading tweets makes twitter totally worth it for me.
that was me and my 2 sisters growing up :) drama lol we've always been super close and are best friends even as adults!
hell yes u are bud
Kobe fisher doesn't play for the Lakers, anymore. Don't throw him the ball.
Over the past 200 years, the wheel of history and ideas has turned. We decided to return home --Dror Eydar
My faux hawk is back!
R u sayn that u actually luv me or r u sayn it like black ppl luv chicken...hum I wonder lol I started asking do u like my nail poish lol
Great call by Bengals. Best matchup might be Gruden vs. Phillips.
I'm in pieces baby fix me, just shake me till you wake me from this bad dream<3
Going to try and sleep!
RT Thinking about the good work of No particular reason. Thank you for the awesome #SKC season Graham. Happy holidays!
RT : “Be presidents of each other's fan clubs.” - Tony Heath
Shannon Good Morning. ur Parent's Boat! :-
Here we go Bulls! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's beat those orange!
wow tbs better play this is all now at warped
sounds good haha
I would totally watch a prime time TV series, "Duncahhan" starring Jack Hannahan & Shelley Duncan as Miami Vice-esque duo .
3. Production has been moving out of the U.S well before 2008, and by Ford, Nissan, Honda and many others not bailed out.
I love how my crew always has my back 💘 even tho I can go alone . Nice to know I still have the same people to count on
