"I don't believe... I'm a bowler. I don't... believe in bad artists. I just believe in me."-John Lennon upon discovering others w/his name.
video should win
I knew she looked like someone but I couldnt put my chin on it lmao
Dsoc board had dinner @ Busboys & Poets. Mucho yum
#glee Yay! They won!!
Whoa. Now it's It Came Upon the Midnight Clear. What is going on?
Happy Birthday !!!
idk. I've only met one person from the internet and that was
Who's gonna come see me tonight The Wanted official release party!
Spinning on the Washington Marina Yacht This Weekend, POWWW!!!
when I get home I'll fill you in on my new love affair 😜😍
I love Megan duquette
Im gifted. RT : hey who does this account I know dogs can't type you can't trick me!
hey, I got busy. stupid system went down @ work... but I'm back for a little,, dm me of ur awake
My hair is trying to mess up :(
Wisdom teeth come out tomorrow :/
Mexico in pink
Sounds good! Just let me know if I can help.
We'd love to see your interesting photographs of 66! Send them our way and we'll retweet them!
just wait til you're in love haha
No problem Jeremy! Thank YOU for the helpful session on linking strategies.
Looking forward to #technori pitch tonight - good luck to all the presenters!
if this cunt tries to add me on facebook again, i'll kick her fucking teeth into normal positioning. Stop pretending we're cool. Faggot.
Depends on what team he's playing for.
TY back @ ya!
starting my new job on Monday. I don't know anybody there enough to ask them to dress me? Lol!~
Some of the old leather purses walking out of the tanning salon really makes me second guess going in.
Indeed it is! The best job in the world
Awesome! Glad you are here! RT : #CompCloud 2012 at the Palace Hotel Whoop whoop! So glad I found my friend Krysta from last year
new fellows have no idea what they're getting themselves into...
Welcome back to !
not u too lol
Encourage some outdoor activity for everyone in the office with to help set the right mood. Outdoor activity = indoor productivity!
Elizabethton is so boring. I want to move.
Me too! RT A new TV!... RT : What is the one item on your Wish list that you are looking for on #BlackFriday?
If someone was running for my party and his name was Dick Lugar I would probably drop him too.
we're based in #vegas so we're ready to go!
Donte just said that pepsi is way better than coke. HOW DARE HE.
just vaccation =) I'm good to =) excited for tomorrow =) x
I can drive!
I'm sorry I'm late. Someone stole my windscreen.
stop talking to me about college
was good?
pretty high at the moment, lol. Hbu?
happy australia day to all my australian friends! xx
Lawyer Amy Cohen received the American Jurisprudence Award for Alternate Dispute Resolution and practices Business Law in Los Angeles
John Elway stepping off the plane....
Foul by Carlos Bocanegra (USA).
Thanks all!
Stuck at home all day again !
ADDITIONAL 20% off 20% off 20% off 20% off 20% off 20% off on red tag shoes and clothes EXCLUDING LEVIS!!!!!!! TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY!!!!
At an interesting presentaion by University of Pennsylvania architecture students on the Baltimore Greenmount West neighborhood.
Play the player.
Ah the magic of being hacked. :oP In any case, thanks for the heads-up . Time to go totter out of bed and enjoy my day off!
ha-im so talented-LOL-what did you think?
haha the ending scared the crap out of me when she opened her eyes
talk with me any 1 im bored as hell :((((
Girl bye
Way to go 49ers
I'll check the postings for Cabo :)
oh really? lol
... Thank you for the follow! Happy Spring.
Once i put my headphones, my whole life becomes a music video
It's also just kinda creepy that we go to museums and look at human remains,
I always wonder about #Oomf intentions 
can someone send me the link of justin with ryan and justin is wearing a blue hoodie, shorts, and a red sox hat?
MERRY 420 EVERYONE
I can agree with that lol
Of course. And that's interesting-am fascinated by Italy's attitude to women.
Congrats! I'm so happy for you! I told you, you got this!!!!! xo
RT : Anyone know students/staff at Rose Hulman who could comment for story on sudden death of school president? Call 444-6204.
only has 440 followers? Show the guy some love!
well get me sumn too then lol
Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you
Who is going to produce 100 thousand plants per week? WE ARE!
It is snowing and I leave for #Maycation with in 25 days. Can't wait
Last words: thank you so much to the amazing cast and crew of 'Empire State'. We will follow different roads, but I'm certain the future(..)
Just Found My Girlie on Here OMG! #BaddBITCH #MUAH :)
Like my facebook page and recieve a free song download! Hit like and click the download free music bar to recieve your song.
Excited For Selenas Perfume
My friends start talking seriously about us all having kids, and doing prenatal workouts together... I am the only on with a boyfriend!
If I had the strength I'd make BBQ Chicken, Lasagna, & Grandma's good ol' corn bread ;)
Good looking out Redlegs. Nice win tonight in Atlanta.
Cookies n Cream Brownies today! Two for $6.00 All Beef Sausages Qtr lb
yee, thank you so much luv ♥ if you want me to make a special one, i'll try to make ;)
RT : Today in Jewish History (1887) Bdate of Harry Scherman, founder of Book of the Month
Dear Harry, Can you come streak in my bedroom now ;) xx
Just another day at the office. Looks like we still have room for more #interns! Tweet us for more info.
hi! planning to go there tonight, where can i see your menu?
Amazing how productive I can be while listening to Carcass's Heartwork in the office. And nobody has complained yet, either.
If only I went with more than 22% for 6 hours.
Very cool! RT Mobile phones are becoming more and more engrained in the shopping experience. #mobile #qrcodes youtu.be/o9zcs1dg8qo
I forgot to reply to you! I think I'm going to be in DC when the cubs go to az, but air fare was ridic at that point. I will see
Omg today is #ADay <3 cant wait to see who "A" is (:
Yellow, blue, pink, purple.. What a beautiful sunset to drive home to
get of your knees ref tour blowing the game.
San Diego get to tonight! Show tweet for free bull ride!
you eat poop!
not really if you do you can.
sad face
"that cake is done" love it!!!
The FreeLife Freedom tour was a smashing success! Thank you to everyone that helped make it successful! Thanks a million Evy!!
School. Can't wait for 2nd period. :z
Hate when the girl you like likes someone else:(
lol, i'm just making it easier for you. ;)
Wooohooo Jimmy Kimmel is coming to #Brooklyn. So many good things happening to my 2nd fav borough.
I would like to take this moment to #Praise God.
Just had fun editing my story! Today flew by...
Well. you can all rest easy. The Napoleon Dynamite cartoon has been canceled.
RocLyfe Ent. will be launching it's website this week...stay tuned
Insurance is here to protect you (even from hidden Halloween costs)! Buy awful candy that no one wants to reduce your costs by 57%!
Do you have a favorite song from the Up All Night album?
Thanks so much for the kind birthday wishes! Can't wait to explore with you tomorrow! :)
Good night(:
I'm sadly in Chicago-weather-appropriate boots!!! But my inner ASC/Decatur woman is at with a beer and cigarette
So proud of my Alpha Epsilon brothers. Congratulations on initiation!
legit filthy.
They're giving Will & Grace way too much credit for gay rights. The show just made ppl comfortable laughing at queerness.
Good ball movement from ny
Lack of viable options RT : One week til Portland mayoral primary. If you plan to vote but are undecided, what's holding you back?
hey muy inspirate is Jasmine V and she is my idol ;)
last time I'd checked it's still 3-0 right ?
Education is an ornament in prosperity & a refuge in adversity. -Aristotle
"Moment of silence for the raped fly..." - You brilliant crazy motherfucker.
text me :) I have a wild story
no ok Sugar is Joann form Stick It bye
I know! I almost don't agree with the French sanctions on Nazist speech. This is bad news.
I got all my final grades I'm still holdin a 3.5 and I only got 3 classes next semester and I'm done
Thanks for following EVER-y-boDY!
Davis may not be able to go all out on D but still makes a difference just being out there.
did you figure it out?
Currently lovin' some
Whoever was talking about their "wicker subconscious". Sorry, but thank you! Explains my big brother's phone call of minutes ago.
Really not ready for school monday. But i feel somewhat refreshed.
HELP = H(umor), E-go, edging God out, L-istening, P-urpose. -Ken Blanchard
Dresden,1997, Vancouver's Juliana Chen became the first woman to win a world title. And Vancouver's Shawn Farquar won gold in Beijing,2009.
Headed to WWE Raw @ 1st Mariner Arena .....
whatever things r true,honest,just,pure, lovely, and are of good report; think on these things.
I'm about to acquire studio space! Can't wait to have a zen room for my clients to their makeup done!
I'm I'm it to win it... Haha night family <3
#Jewpacabra oh geez here we go South Park!
well my friend came down and we jsut hung out and it was just fun i dunno we did alot of thigns XD
Yea warm weather.. !
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Hiroshima Barbie ...just a shadow of her former self
I didn't get to eat taco bell. Canceled order from the back of the cop bitch
Being in a relationship with someone doesn't mean you can take days off...its all in, or not in at all. 'Like' to agree.
ur welcome add me on facebook toninkajj or keep in contact wit me boo.
Colors of #Gatorade... let's chat!
BOYS:Shes your everything? Your world? Your universe? Well then show her and make sure she knows it
Hope that you have a celebration planned! A Healthy, Joyful year. Gatherings is one of our classic favorite cookbooks!
Well its boring af :/
NEW RT2WIN Contest coming soon! Stay tuned!!!
Zack Greinke is on fire. He needs support now!
follow back (:
Remember when mullets were, like, a *thing*?
these are beautiful!
On my way to Dallas to with to see with and
sorry i tweeted that twice, put the wrong link in the first one
I think that kid in school that said his teacher was cute didn't even say it to her. An assistant teacher overheard.
hmm i think either inside of you or saving grace... what about you?
Cory Monteith us damn ancient...30?!?!?!And he's still supposed to pass for an acne infested teenager on glee???
Lets not forget, Not all of Romney's delegates are actually all Romney delegates. Quite a few of them are for Ron Paul
Can't ever recall a 1st overall picked QB getting his TE or WR w/ the next pick.
already ready for bed?
The morning show right on time w/ 'I Shall Live'..a small voice speaks to me&calms the current of my raging sea!
and why did you leave is that why he is all sad?!?! D:
good! glad u are beter! :)
I'm thinking a rent increase is the first line of business.
I'm w/U I've been self employed 20yrs this year. We were given the right2life (which means #health 2me) liberty & happiness
Off to run 3 miles baby , running it's the best.
ECM in Iowa works to ensure that every child has access to health care.
Matchmaker for sure!
Although I know you won't, I REALLY REALLY wish you would .
Bae said no weave but I'ma try it for the 1st time...hope it turn out right
LOL. u def still have that Philly in U
yeah? Dont listen to what other people say, if you truely like them then good! Hahaha
We're headed your way tomorrow! Looks like there's a lot for kids, which is great! Looks like rain and this is a perfect event!
a couple mistakes tonight though. Not as good as Erin.
Ah. Fresh out the shower! It's hot in PDX today. That's the only thing that could cool this place down.
Shes A Good Person...
Going to pick my brother up from school
Haha(: so just sitting in civics class sitting Here like I wonder whats up with so I'm going to stalk(:
it became clear today why I hate college so much.
Oh I Get it they knew if hawks forced a game 7 it would be over........WORD
I've seen some crazy things in my lifetime but this is ridiculous.
OH: Person1: I like jimmy johns because it is cost effective. Person2: So is anorexia.
This isn't a spam account. I'm promoting a new site I'm launching. If you'd prefer I stop following you just let me know.
15m: Seems the rain main be causing issues for both teams. Hang on to the egg!
watching the curious case of benjamin button after alot of brownies and milk shots sounds like fun to me!
rockin a shirt today. #weartheworld check them out. Buy a shirt :)
I'm probably starting Tebow over him for now on
Thanks for the RT! I hope it wasn't a pity RT. I don't get offended that easily. :)
What the fuck i look like sayin im sorry to a bunch of fucking fags that cant potentially harm me!
“: Women love men who can cook a little bit” that's right!
#vaumc11 Don't go anywhere folks! We still got a vote to do!
I'm so glad I'm not alone!
Number of fucks being given: 0
I just smoke only for the kids around, normally I never do.
thanks! I'd like to do a write up for Urbanistguide
Shocking acting news: A TL filled with #actor humor, & no soapy inspirational acting tweets.
- Jackie, a very belated thank you for the #FF. Very much appreciated
what up g. U got any med
Love it! Can you show me how to text behind my head? :)
was good?
I find myself staying up until 1AM because I can...no one can make me go to bed. I am a rebellious teenager at heart.
Some one needs to fight on twitter and amuse me lol and .... GO!
Reforming health care and justifying PSU Administration's 13% tuition increase by 5p tomorrow night. Why do I have to do all the hard work?
You have more than enough POTENTIAL to change people's LIVES.
Danny Glover will be a special guest speaker at the Jobs Not Cuts Rally on Saturday not leading the rally
what are you gonna watch?! Our Netflix has been down so I haven't been able to keep up with my shows :(
Thanks lovely :) You're an amazing #Sweetheart! Share with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
RT : RT : You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself. ~Zig Ziglar
January is already over! How is #2012 at your #dealership so far?
yeah lol i think they're in the second section like not orchestra the one after I'm not sure bc I didn't buy the tix
Social Media has REALLY changed the game. The "nobodies" are the new "somebodies.". :).
Thank you for the +K!! :)
I love your tweets, Mel. (I just don't always respond.) keep 'em coming!
Given those options, probably literally. RT : When people say they look up to me idk if they mean literally or literally!
“: Why do I lose my school ID on a daily basis?? #frustrated #imhungryyy” story of my life -.-
Gladly, I appreciate your support. Send me a facebook message and I"ll get you some asap
Good bench day. Reading a bit, sleeping. Another day awaits. 7 days away from the road trip.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen my mom walks in on me saying the word fuck.
Thanks for following Angela! Be sure to also check out for more on the latest #mktg, #adv, #pr &
note to self: stay bathroom local the day after curry apocalypse. Review emergency stop locations prior to leaving the house.
Omg punch me I wanna meet Adam Levine
Interestingly, I haven't seen the Democrats in the Senate even vote on a budget for the past two years....
It's in Vegas this year right? Yeah probably it would be a good idea to check it out.
lorenzo? yeah. that sounds about right
RT : #IITSEC 2011 has officially begun. #simulation And please stop by the #SMART_Tech Booth 2611, Hall B for a hands-on demo
Aw if you were only close at the library
haha I try I try😊
Amy Winehouse and rock legends Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix and Curt Cobain were all 27 when they passed. R.I.P Amy. I love your music.
Sickest MCs doing it , , Papoose, Cassidy
And it's not only in the current election, it's the same with dems and republicans. How about we try to focus on the stuff we do agree in?
Attended Meagan's visitation today. What a beautiful testament to see so many people standing in line offering love.
Love love love scary movies!!!!!
well his "first time" is a recurring theme in his songs.
Well i guess i can sayy todayy was good .! : )
Also disappointed by I Love You, Man...
swear to god im gonna tweet you every single day till you reply :) <333
I feel like shit! I don't wanna go to school /:
Check The Bulls record at home and away!!!
I'm sorry to hear that. I can't believe some of these guys don't get it yet.
Men’s shirts have the buttons on the right, but women’s shirts have the buttons on the left.
I tried to be everything you wanted...I guess I wasn't good enough.
When you want to help someone, but you know you can't do anything about it.. <<<
Flamin' hot popcorn?
ATL - Go home. Get fresh. Then come have some fun singing it up karaoke-style at iLounge. Tonight at 8pm - 1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATLANTA.
Now it's really almost time 2 pitch entering the green room 2 get miked up
quick! pretend ur a guitar! :P
You, RICARDO are the BEST radio host!! 98.5 station is nothing but a lie & joke.
My man is putting in work..
Thank God for amazing friends who always come thru and my amazing fiancée!!! #LGBT ♥
been doing some green screen shots tonight for my new video
i was actually going to see if a dozen soft pretzels from #wawa could help neutralize the calories.
does it suck/is it tragic? Absolutely, but they're not liable.
Thank you for the RT, Happy! :)
We broke the 500 mark for participants on the Tools for Digital Storytelling #Webinar! Thanks for so many great questions!
Political institution? Depends on the individual.
I think it matters in the online world. You're talking about someone who was allegedly scaming people using ESPN as a kind of front
Tickets go on sale for [title of show] MONDAY! Not too late to get a subscription! Call the box office for more info. 816.531.PLAY
My brother, Keith's chili is the best!
The neighborhood kids are playing "marco polo." It's good to be home.
Eff all these rappers getting Basquiat's & Warhol's. NEW RULE: If u didn't write graffiti u can't buy em' …
girl...... U STILL dealing with that?
Cool. I want to see them both.
& I got a story for you! Hehehe, oh just wait (: #loveya 
Have fun Suzi! :) For sure you wouldn't need any of my energy when you head out and see the action live. :)
Awesome minds think alike! Well, at least your mind is awesome. Me, not so much.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
haha im writing part 3 right now and that is when i introduce everyone :)
Why does my iPhone auto-capitalize 'english' but not 'china'?
It's true! Send your question to with #askmichele and she may answer it as part of a video Q&A
Yes, that's true.
i have to drink 6 bottles of water and not eat or use the bathroom until tonight, this is outrageous
Seeing ALL ABOUT EVE at the was the highlight of my week. One of my favorite films ever.
Let's kick it my dude
I heard. Not sure if we are covering it yet.
I love when stores organize merchandise by color. It makes my slight OCD happy.
I would like to note that my last tweet was not sexual!
Will do. Thanks for the tip!
A devotional was sumthin diff. What a Friday night
Stone cold sober. Every moment in stark contrast against a bleak background.
Won a total of $125 to spend from senior bash! Aye 👌
#youknowyouregettingoldwhen your over drinks conversation includes bank accounts.
Thanks so much
said hed look up my twitter, I even gave him my name to follow me. Doubt he'll do it but it'd make my 6hr bus ride WAY BETTER:)
I love you to! & nobody #messeswithmygirl (:
hey sweeite come out to my party this saturday?
Andi Smith EPA, WA: What can we do to get kids back in their homes or in a permanent home? We need integrated case management to do this.
I have a ton of emails to respond to, but even more no-longer-antagonized adenosine in my system.
Refreshing to see ad campaign during #MarchMadness; a clear illustration of how brands can use sports to convey their products/services
Wow, my local PBS station (WETA) is launching WETA-UK, all British shows, all the time.
Andre Ethier goes deep, giving the #Dodgers a 4-0 lead over the #Rockies in the top of the 1st. 0 outs.
#futurewewant - a world in which everyone has the freedom to realize their potential in whatever domains they are drawn to
RT : Everyday I am thankful for my friendship with everyday!!!!! ---love you too Boobie lol
Since IUPUI is a state school, our library is a public library. Homeless citizens often use public libraries.
Draw Something now has ads, makin bank
I know... I'm still not over it!!
Thanks for the RT, have a great day!
LMAO! Roar on that one!
My dad made me wash his car -.-
I think AIG just may be in the mood for a Margaret .
Oh, sorry, Jesse. But there's got to be a sermon in that somewhere!
RT : Hungry? Get FREE BREAKFAST @ The Wave Hotel in MIAMI! $75/nt on OCEAN DRIVE w/ NO Resort Fees & FREE VIP Club Passes. ...
'cause it's hard to make a dime go one hundred
hahaha! I love it! RIP all my exes ... They dying without me!
she said man....... You know the rest I'm sure. ;)
Watching #Vh1 they playing #WhitneyHouston jamms. Still cnt believe she gone... May she Rip We miss you
Sorry for being cool ;) x
I saw ya representing #kll bound Ayoo #Lol keep ya head up
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. -Charles Luckman
Teyana Taylor Channels Michael Jackson in “Make Your Move” Music Video -
You're a Clippers fan? My apologies then. I thought you were a Laker fan/ Spurs basher. I like the Clippers.
How will you be spending your Mother's Day? We would love to hear...
Ha! Classic.
i watch disney channel all the time((:
Fact Check: Nathan Fletcher has always been ProChoice and for strong Women's Rights. To make this a issue now is just politics as usual....
Enjoy your dinner and have fun =)
Awesome! I think I'll have to check that out.
Great ideas for higher ed instructor prep!
sounds from your tweets like there's a lot of good stuff going on. you'll have to debrief me!
It's all worth it though! Those food babies don't stand a chance.
Umm, I didn't get the #accessusummit invite this morning in my email?
hello, monsoon! goodbye, monsoon!
Does that pen in is pocket poke you when you hug him? That may answer your question
and have a sextape
Thank you everyone for the bday wishes. Appreciate the love. Salute! Hit the phone for the weekend/month plans. Haha.
I love coming together to Glorify The King Of Kings. Be Blessed all Day
S/O and happy birthday to my good brother ! I hope it's been a blessed day for you. 06!
The mothers day card my baby made me.! >>>>> almost made me cry
so any new senior pranks besides the beckford one??
Almost time to drive back to LA, long school day tomorrow ;(
Thanks for always keeping Milwaukee St. dining scene exciting!
I am now tweeting from instead of
why are all these mutafuckin snakes on this muthafuckin plane
People far prefer happiness to wisdom, but that is like wanting to be immortal without getting older.
We hope you all had an amazing weekend! Our #football team won!!! Did you make it to the game?
Knee surgery went well and only 6 weeks till I can ride! booya
spiders are so fucking scary...
“Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it.” – Joe Moore
I can't believe you like that show too 😳😍 imma show up to your house with a ring
Thanks so much for those kind words about LiveBinders!
Whats everybody doing this weekend
Oregon is near from Canada :o
I need to find a new place to live. We're looking at sticking to Greenlake / U-District. Let me know if you know of something. Thanks!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 54
Mr Bickell...I hope you know all the bad stuff I may have said about you in the past were merely just jokes!!!
That blimp made me feel happy, as does the DCI practicing going on out in Military Park!
wathching the clouds and trying to makeout cartoon characters <3
I taught Jim Harbs everything about QBing during my Michigan days. Coincidence he's now 9-1? Nope. Genius is contagious.
Didn't sleep one minute last night, ankle was hurtin too much
Mets put C Thole on 7-day DL with concussion (The Associated Press)
It doesn't feel right that the boyz are gonna be on ABDC without Vinny.
Why is every party being called project (insert a name here) it was just a movie. And no party will ever come close to that
I LOVE THIS. RT Make a Pressed Penny Charm Bracelet bit.ly/rivUrE
Hey, looking to get a sense of pricing scale. Would you help me put a VERY broad ball park number together for a pitch?
Just finished an awesome voice lesson with at Brett Manning Studios. :)
this time tomorrow will be on his way to meet me in FL - YAY!!!
.i Want to go watch #TheAmazingSpiderman ❥
here at MDC getting my learn on..
If the #Vikings manage to trade down with Jacksonville just give Speilman a diamond studded chalice and a velvet throne.
jQuery UI Sortable by itself? Fine. TinyMCE by itself? Not terrible. Trying to sort elements that contain TinyMCE instances? #FFFFUUUU!
Do we really need another Andrea Bocelli?
Take risks! Think outside the box! Dare to be different....
It's great that coming out as is gay is far less shocking to most people than when he came out as being 45. He's 45?! Really?!
Oh, what is a #PALEO diet? I havent heard of that.
Awesome marketing!
Honestly, Rise by the McClain sisters is a really great and inspirational song. I love it.
Money can't buy happiness? Well, it can buy 1D concert tickets, 1D posters and CD's. Which is the same thing actually.
What's good. I feel kinda average since u mention me wit all these other folks
Trying to get things done...
It looked like she left abruptly, no? Too much chatter in the hall?
Morning, beautiful people. Up & at 'em!
going to bed goodnight
SO HAPPY ITS FRIDAY!!!!!
WWW clippers...fighting hard in the dogfight
: My soul finds rest in God alone - Psalm 62:1 (please retweet)
What even is Twitter?
Put your body bag in a body bag
Just look at them and say, "THAT IS GETTING ON MY LAST AND EVERY NERVE."
RT : Noon EST #edchat Topic: How will you approach this school year to improve over last year? #sschat #elemchat Please join us.
is in Scotland and it looks sunny and inviting. I'm jealous.
"tripped" on something, only to look back and realize it was a shadow
It sure would be nice if YouTube was W O R K I N G! WTFH, YouTube?
Looking for some willing bodies to help on Wednesday eve or Tuesday AM. Any takers? DM me your email addy
we won! :) come to our next willowbrook game?! Please :)
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at and we'll get you started!
Thanks! So happy to be consorting with carbs once again.
. Well, data structures is often 200 or 300 level, but yes.(Ideally would help fix ill-conceived applications of XML to streams)
I put mustard on the tuna or salmon. Macadamias on sale at Sprouts right now.
Making lots of new friends at #HoosierPRSA Social Media Boot Camp.
I may not make it to the promise land, but I know I will lead my people there
I need male recruiters...fellas let's get money...hit me up for details
Mark your calendars for Auntie Em's grand opening on June 9th!!
I really hate to burst any ones bubble... However the people at the DMV make the people at Wal-Mart look good.... Just sayin!
love the patterns, but not all brides can afford, especially last year, budgets going up tho
there's nothing like rejection
shut up!
omg!! :D how cute, its beautiful!!!!! ♥ and yes I'm feeling great! Thanks, you definitely made me feel better! :D
Where would Denver be without the ridiculous start in 3 point shooting?
Baby you fuck up my world like nobody else. The way that u spread your legs gets me overwhelmed xD
unfortunately if you dont know who one direction is, you live on fucking antarctica ok
Who can tell me the translation for "Dim Sum"
OMG me too! SO true:)
Reading tonight about Esther. I'm in awe of her patience in sharing her predicament to the King . . . preparing banquets 4 him & her enemy.
Not my fault xD
good. making good grades??? lol. i sound like a mom.
haha. welp in that case i apologize for severly underestimating your future. #itsbright ☀☀
Eating Nutella Straight From The Jar <3
Don't be too good, I might miss you. Don't be too caring, I might like you. Don't be too sweet, I might fall for you. <3
Hm I think bed sounds good about now.
Artist Go Download The New Tracks SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Especially Download Pour Up Get It To #1 On THe Sc Charts. Go Now! Hurry!
Listening to my first Christmas music of the year!
man i been slapping the hell out of it
Thanks for inviting us!
True. Give me a break doe. Geesshh..
I'm not afraid of mashmallows. I'm just afraid of pronouncing it correctly, apparently. hahahaha
happily so! and hope to see you tonight.
Vegan sausage, pepper jack grilled cheese, and pasta. Random meal is random.
Wild at Heart. Let's get uncomfortable.
Niners looking normal again
How do you confuse a blond? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
I love you haha
Rebecca said something about
Just a few more minutes!
our drummer was 12
Last minute change..Tonight you'll find me @ the Blue Martini with my band :30PM I will not be at Tulalip for Rockaraoke this evening..
Going for a run!
This #slamdunk competition blows. Where is the creativity? I wanna. Sum1 spin the ball on their fingers in the air and then dunk it.
I'm tired of seeing the future.
A cold beer and a beer garden make for a perfect combo. Especially with this awesome weather.
Thanks for looking, !
Ive got practice! Up early in the morning! Hopefully when I get back will have followed or replied!<3 & <3 the name
Move towards #sociotechnical model for patient safety!
I love a women with some thing to hold on you know lol! You never txted me back
Ready to get out of school -_-
sweet licorice! this magical fairy dust just made a #dinnerparty appear!
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire. - Proverb
Congrats my dear friend, Minority Business Leader of the Year!
get some payback for last years sweep at home. I need to be able to talk trash to my fiance.
Kevin Hart is a trip!
Maybe im biased, but ill never understand why DC's Go Go music phenomenon never quite caught on outside of the DMV.
I love udon. That is all.
lol! That's cool.
No rain, no sun, but tons of wind nice rolling down the hills but that will not stop it from been an amazing monday with my friends! :)
Umm u dont think i know that SMH its not all about CST RT : um...that's the same time
Just played the new dlc maps on #mw3 b4 going 2 work all these dlc maps are some of the worst & ugliest maps on mw history
NEW HEAT COMING SOON FROM ->>>
Go #ronpaul...we need his vision!
You're welcome and tell your friends to join the movement": Looking foward to it then! Thank you so much"
What grade are you in??/
Most people sleepwalk through their lives. They fall in and out of love, hold down jobs, raise families, worry about the past, and dream...
Hey! I talked to you on tumblr beforee! And you're super cool! Everyone should go follow you, just saying.
#gratitude: Warm bed, red wine, another client, new and interesting people, dogs, the kids and quiet moments to think without dogs and kids.
안녕화제요? 잘 있었어 I have been learning to write in korean for the past year awesome huh? SHINHWA SAN talk to you later OPPA
#SALUTE BROTHER MUCH #RESPECT!!! #BASED .. We Gotta Get Me To LONDON Homie!
hey!! Go follow my froend and she will follow back. Shes like, a huge 1D babe. Haha thanks(:
naw, they cancelled our tourny. We play next week.
Presentation went well at least I think. Met some great folks. Now it's off to enjoy BBQ based on Gary's advice.
hmm some big name bloggers owe about Neal... you gave him hell when he said the pick was crap.
damn whoever didn't come tonight missed out!!!!!!
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ? :D
Sometimes you get exectly who you want!
just started the second book. Great, easy read. Don't start it at 4:40 or you may not sleep. ;)
Texting one of my besties :D
Happy Monday! Our dinner is on web special for tonight. Save $10/person when you book online! www.portlandspirit.com
2nite CROSSED KEYS at Taste Of Texas in Covina $5 a person. All Ages.. Be there before 9PM:)
k, when can we get someone out here?
gwen i'm not drawing chuck for you until you SEND ME THAT PICTURE OF WINKING TOM
The funding cuts that social services will take under the proposed budget will put many living on the edge out on the street.
America the beautiful! Inspiring opening song appropriate and filled w respect gor our nation
yay now don't u feel better
RIP Christopher Wallace aka BIG
Why has my #TFIFriday feeling changed from excitement to exhaustion! Me thinks a work life balance assessment required!
what are you doing !?
aww thats so cute you have AMAZING friends my friends wouldnt do that at all lol
Love the Jerry Brown portrait in settlement room on House of Lies...hehe
Did he hurt his shooting shoulder?
She Texted Me " I Just Had A Fight With My Boyfriend , Wyd ? " = #SheWantsTheDick ;)
: Thank you, I'm following back. You are pretty darn good with words via your tweets :)
We'd be #TheLuckyOne if you'd tweet my best friend for her bday ;)
Planning vacations for the summer so I need vacation time for then... :)
#BuildYourFans - Spread enthusiasm get in touch and give back to your most passionate fans (pics, T-shirts, etc). Invest in YOURSELF!
watching and Ethan play Cars 2 on Xbox. Poor little guy is sick :( So he's getting spoiled today.
The Recession Buster. August 21st. Email with Subject: Cities of Gold to RSVP.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. F D.R
#RealFriendsDont Keep secrets and they don't tell lies
That's still awesome! Congrats!
“: Tonight Special event kitchen open till midnight !”
Evelyn and chad relationship looks fake as hell
Oh so you Don't like papa johns?
it's like the 1st week in July.
: Glad you're coming! Did you realize admission on Saturday for kids 12 and younger is free? Hours are 2-7 PM.
What a FOXTASTIC MORNING!!!
aww ok... shows how much i pay attention... lol...
out of all the books I think the prisoner of azkaban was my favorite of the hp books
We are happy to introduce a new member to our Team. Liza Grzeskowiak. You can contact her at:
A fan knows who Justin Bieber is but a Belieber knows who Scooter, Pattie, Jazmyn, Jaxon, Jeremy, Ryan, Chaz, Christian & Caitlin are.
To all you pieces of toast out there, do yourself a favor, save yourself some time, and jump in my mouth.
Will never stop being amazed at people's inefficiency-
she said no
Ironically, we're using screwcaps on our 2011 white wines.
It's not that these (big media) companies don't have great people, it's that sometimes they are not allowed to run!
go with the nap each time you get a chance!
brb moving to los angeles so i can go
since when are you on twitter!!??
I'm so sorry we didn't get to link up when you came to LA. When you coming back???
Always sweet kicking that Cardinal rear in St. Louis.
what? Who do we need to bribe in the situation bro? Give me a name. Ill donate 20bucks.
Happy Holidays to all our Tweeples and their loved ones!
seriously right?? Although rdj was looking pretty fit too... I think they just all worked out together for the movie.
When replaces David Stern as the commissioner of the NBA, I think the NBA becomes more entertaining than even NCAA bball.
Also if she has a theme that'll help me think of some snazzy deco for em.
they have your size on file or what? That's cherry.
yeah but we should always be disgusted by it. This was a Wednesday night in April, not 4th of July.
Fuck my everything hurts
No Steve (Jobs) don't go!! Apple needs you, We need you!!
The Alpha Agency is almost to 1800 Likes! Let's get them there!
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom? A pickpocket snatches watches.
I'd never even consider anal
peterson on bye, Bradshaw doubtful, I have mccluster, Starks, and battle, helu and choice still available...am I sunk?
can't, not using an app. Hatd to explain
thanks chica! I will be doing some pub crawling 4 St. Patty! They dye the river green for the wkend.lol. I just landed. Xoxo
Auditions tomorrow. Prayers are appreciated. Prayers from Patti Lupone are o-ppreciated.
Her name is Faith and she is 74 years old! Wow! God bless her heart....
thank you so much hon!
Us too! Hope you stop by our WALLY van and say "Hi!" See you there!
So good seeing you on the west coast again. you're tha best.
OH HEY DER.
I had the weirdest dreams last night
Am I the Only One That Tweets On Here ?... -Ally haha.
Gotta get on family feud
it's my sisters favorite anime right now. You should watch Death Note next!
They say the camera never lies. It lies every day.--CESAR ROMERO
My sisters pregnant again! :D
thanks for all the tweets this season. I hope ur covering the finals!
@ therealrayc what's up tonite. @ question do y'all thang. Fellas
Who hears rain and asks their phone if it's raining, only to walk over to the window anyway?
Rainy day in LA love!!!!
love your Twitter bio. ;-)
Awesome news!!! Congrats Well deserved!!!
Did you see Chef Drew prepare his Poached Shrimp Salad? Quick & delicious! Up next is a Seared Diver Scallop dish. So good.
Those tweets were confusing.
really mom ? go 2 bunny's parents, c datz y ion tlk 2 u, u on dat other shxt, im on dat bxtch finna get n arrow through ha skull level -_-
hahaha I remember that from high school I was like o.....k....
Syncing and uploading 30 more interviews from our Returned Peace Corps Volunteers Project. Stay tuned!
A job interview is a good reason to go shopping right?
I disagree, flatiron tools are meant to facilitate tool and framework ventures...
10 Most Needy Schools in terms of facilities to come from SBA soon
Web producer, web developer, SEM/PPC expert, interactive designer. Need talent. Get in touch.
I hate this place..
CSCO had a good quarter. The market is unended by the usual hedge fund stupidity. If I were SEC Chairman hedge funds would be regulated
Wondering if my kids are really gonna pay the EC2 bill if I get uploaded to the cloud instead of dying. "It's $622/month... Worth it?"
true on all levels!
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
now now...be nice.
Thanks for the RT's! Sharon the Sea Turtle goes home Today!
I knew this was going to happen..I see tweets and statuses and pics of PAXEast and I'm pissed I didn't go. I guess there is always next year
Great! Enjoy the read. Blessings ^staff
when i transfer to hoover :/ i guess wer in the middle of transfering me ):
mentioned the California Genealogical Society in "21st c. Marketing for #Genealogy Societies." Thanks, Thomas!
oh YES !  If it comes in somebody better do it with me.
#NP Baby cham ft rihanna- boom boom!
I would love anything you had in mind ;)
Blake wants to be just like you and he wants to watch Diego and do his ABC's..:)
crazy shit happens to me every day
congrats girl!! you're so lucky <3 xo
Get off the coach and get moving, contracting is your ticket to the world and a good income...find out how, get the book.
Thanks for the Shout Out tiger :D This guy is a champion
6to10pm = 5 trucks 1 parking lot... spoiling Summerlin at least once a month..... good fun.. family friends neighbors bring em all...
Greatest feeling: when an election watch party can officially become a victory party. Congrats !!!
did brock fired?
don't stress! I'm sure you'll do great!
When will you get more smalls of your Champs sweatshirts? I've been dying to get one!
Nice! I can freemount and ride about 8 feet so far...and then I end up on my face. Per the picture. Hee hee.
can't wait!!! Feeling so cultured this season! xoxo
I need to step my tweet game up severely.
I'll consider it :)
It's incredible how many people tweet each day!
By destroying your brain cells?
“: Raise your hand if you like gas guzzlers #raisinghand #truck #jeep #hummer” ✋✋✋✋✋✋
Thanks to the RevJudge & the Women of Midway 4 an Outstanding Women's Day Celebration with Evang Eugene & Pastor Sherrie Austin
Ingrown hairs, el diablo.
idk you tell me
Did you know L.L. Cool J stands for Ladies Love Cool J? Did you also know L.L. Bean stands for Ladies Love Bean?
2 and a half men is really America's #1 comedy?
Give me the beats boys
Perfect song to start the weekend! #HappyFriday, folks! I'm gonna party with my friends! This video is pretty clever!
- Just got up from my supposed tew been short nap kinda turnd out longer den wat I expected but at least my head stopd hurting..
2 things. said if he was straight hed dress like me. He also made out with a chick that looks like whoopi goldberg tonight.
I would but I work tomorrow
My little cookie binge also means I don't get dinner. Plus, still praying for death. On the plus side, totally worth it.
Looking for solo piano gigs (or steady gig) in NYC. Any idea?
I am Grand in my own way but hes grand in many ways that are his own if that makes sense<3
We have Meatball Parm Subs today!
Soon as we can remember the freakin email address for this acct we'll be moving to in prep for Beantown and beyond
My paycheck yesterday was $44O , I only have $1O left >_<
congrats, one step closer!!
hey I'm outside your house (:
Did you know mer aka JT's mom while at one of the NSYNC concerts? Her thoughts- his mom is awesome!
word?? What a cocky mf
Happy Thanksgiving, Horns fans. Let's feast on these Aggie turkeys one more time.
Happy Mothers Day to my mommy and all the other moms <3
Thanks for the invite! :-)
24 hours until drinks for pink
So true! RT : The great thing about sports is all of our greatest arguements are settled right in front of us.
is the mink practical tomorrow?!?
Wonder if Rexam has found a buyer 4 its Closures biz? bn shopping it 4 a few weeks now ...
Thank you - LA Musicians Institute - Loved your soundmen- excellent audience- Thank you Ruth Price- RNP Band - R Vitro
I've been good! Busy getting up to social media speed. Lots to learn!
Happy Easter :)
RT": I wish I was more open with my feelings instead of making everything a joke"
who me? Nope... I think I've only been to the club once and it was for my 18 birthday
I feel your pain lol ": Staying up until 12:30 to see the #NUGGETS win was worth the difficulty #BLUEANDYELLOW"
what an amazing video made for me by ! i love you, thankyou for the wonderful things you said about me. <3
one that'll be able to handle our crazy adventures and shit :)
I might download the app to today mines is Giftedchic :)
ROTFLMAO. You've become one of my favorite comedians and court jesters.
no problem ok dude wats up long time no chat
How gutsy is this performance by Luol Deng?
Where the muzik at G.....da homie put me up on game bout ya.
love that song.
love u too (:
Oh no! How did I get hacked? I don't click on stuff...
We're having oatmeal with berries for breakfast. What are YOU having?
Definitely have heard sim. concerns myself. Also am impressed w/how some large institutions - UM, Cal State - are implementing.
@ St. Paul's College fundraising committee meeting.
im down here with the 8th graders for yearbook and aw...I wanna go but dobie is about to get here around 12:20
I hate when ppl tlk Spanish around me ... Makes a NIGGA nervous
Isn't it great?? We put up the picture!!
I'm sharp as a razor blade that come from gilette, I'm under ya neck
Thanks, Dan!!! RT Happy birthday to a great friend, !!!! Don't look a day over 19
Tonight from 7-close these pints will be buy 1 get 1: #FlyingDog Lucky SOB, Yards Brawler, #MagicHat #9 and #Killian's Irish Red
Anyone else a little curious to why the Suns didn't play? Or tomorrow? Start the damn series already!
I've seen more open on weekends, but I've yet to see them open them all. Not once.
RT - ` I'm going w/the lions & New England Patriots.
John is very dark today
Who has song suggestions for a finale dance or video?? New and fun?!
I love cheering people up❤:)
FishNChips Great stop!! U r another one with a cast iron stomach!! #24chow Keep the pics rolling!!!
- Can We get a mention in next wks issue 4 our 2010 celebration of hope gala on 10/22? DM ur e-mail address when u can. Thx!
my team name is dedicated to you.
Thank you for the RTs about #MoADAfterDark!
working on Word Press
Well..I guess this is pretty much going to end badly... What to do about nothing.. Everythings gonna change!
I made it about 5 minutes into it. I thought it was terrible.
Thank you for letting us! :)
i think i accidently just yelled at someone from the FDA who was nice enough to call me back after 5pm.
love it! Gotta slow it down sometimes. Haha. Let em know you dont like it, but would rather enjoy it than hate it.
No school for me (:
We should make more beer sometime soon.
-- can't wait to shoot! :3 love being creative!
Today is finally my last day with my old friend/nemesis blackberry. It's been real.
My #BBbeautysecret is: Every other time just use conditioner when you wash your hair. You will notice softer strands!
Tweeting from the Seattle Show board kickoff. Looking for a CD for the event. Suggestions? Tweet em here.
Thought I was done with Ikea but IT IS NOT DONE WITH ME.
no, YOU rock.
What are some good resources regarding PR?
Thinking about taking a trip to the coast to photograph bellies and little ones later this summer.
Can't wait for #60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace - the man who invented the tv interview.
serves them right for exercising!
He was slate! " : Why wasn't the geologist on time?"
#yahoo notepad is still down. This bodes ill. Did they kill it?
who wants to make glitter easter eggs with me?! :)
Thanks for following me. Have a beautiful evening :)
You mean it doesn't??
funny;) the bad egg?;)
Almost didn't make it. Congrats to me.
Dude, what's up with the Jersey Laundry site? I've been trying to buy stuff for days!
Thanks for Following...Front Office will definitely try you out...we hit SoBe eateries alot.
when u dont have tru tv in your room<<<<<<
no more car spoilers. i'm rooting for a fiat.
U know I want Otis to win!
you're probably small
lol He cold but havent came out with anything lately
There we go!! How could we forget! Thanks for the RT
Back in Chicago, safe and sound. No TSA issues in San Francisco airport. Will post thoughts on my trip to SF and consult with Bowers soon.
Sourdough, olives, dijon mustard. Amazing.
Busy afternoon of photographing & card making. Now onto some image transfers!
house margarita yummy
Last.fm on the Xbox is pretty cool. Rather have Pandora, but this works nicely.
Just go play with your adorable puppy and let me think I'm smart for once... Gosh
Oh ya =super monkey
the shit I remember when I'm sobering up
Today could be Busy: 911 Remember at Shaw's in NE MPLS.,concert fundraiser charity. Gopher tailgate at Stub and Herb's.
I had a #fear over 20 years ago.It stayed with me all this time.Over the past 1.5 year I have had to
its strictly for Professional "Research" purposes , Right?
Duke and Mizzou lost. I had them in the Final Four. R.I.P. Bracket
Raburn is terrible
New Shirt's Coming Soon. Stay Tuned @ www.snoclothing.com
Anytime, my friend.
haha I can see that
OMG im addicted I litterly LOVE '2 BROKE GIRLS' the are AWESOME !!!! i watched the whole season in 2 days i love it
Believe in yourself! ~Norman Vincent Peale
I'm worried it's gonna go out here and I took a big nap today!
“: Morning! Role call! Where you at and what u doing?” in bed, turn off the lights and give me 5 more min.
Missing NY /:
third inning.
I'm pretty sure that after seeing NKOTBSB I have been following and the guys every move! I'm officially 12 yrs old again!
You who were once far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ... Have hope, have God
I pay off tuition here in June, so I was going to see if I could fly out there sometime in the summer to establish residency...
I wish Carter woulda just shot up Elias! Good show tho!
And you don't want to be here in the future So you say The present's just a pleasant Interruption to the past
Was there a fire in the page?
"twice as many openings as we have workers who can do the job." is why we need #edreform and
Agreed. A lot of bizarreness in that brief article.
Oh my god! My post about the tan lady got 752 hits!
- why not - could have aging detectives with cats, etc.
Author is a narrow minded indie rocker. Enjoys seeing bands play the same 13 song show over and over. Let the tour begin!
Hahaha y do I always trip over the rug at work whenever I get here?? :) ah good dayy gunna b a good night
Thanks! It means even better programming for Hoosiers ahead! RT : congrats on the grant!
Haha teacher's kids are here too!
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world
hope you had a good one.
Same here... blah. Excuses ;)
You'll get out of life what you put into your life!!
One day over his next DUI.
maybe they will actually let me be a contestant!
tonight seem like i shoulda went out. but i didn't
turkey bacon BLT and fruit!
lol I hope
OMG watched - one thing!! Amazing been waiting for school to finish so i could watchi it!! Americans loved it!!!
doing some late night hand block printing for - nice way to unwind from a long day at the office
It is awesome, as I must remind myself at 1:00 AM as I hallucinate ... lol. But it really is fun.
After a fabulous, wintry weekend with our son, I am looking forward to seeing Zero 7 tonight with my lovely wife
this party is exhausting...and never ending
Please come visit us at #ShelterHopePetShop in Thousand Oaks Janss MarketPlace. The 1st animal shelter pet shop inside a mall!
tell me you're going to linas tonight and make me the happiest boy in the world
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: Classic Rock that was Brand New 35 Years Ago
Jared Sullenger is entering the #NBA draft; the funny thing is that he would've probably made more money at #ohiostate next year
Those last two links should help, then.
New business cards, new site, new job! Come Friday, I'm a free woman!
You're a skeleton key opening me...
Your Twitter profile is adorable. Thanks for the follow, Handsome (or Deathly Pale) ; )
RT : I would agree to watch Dancing With The Stars if they started putting "Stars" in quotes. - Too Funny!!
What’s the hardest part about eating healthy?
want lunch but cant get away call picosos mexican food we deliver look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
Yes 100% Buy Low on Gallardo. The Brewers have much better bats than the Braves = more wins.
oh my gosh..abbey look at your butt
I just registered!! Woo!
"the sherif said boy im gonna watch you die, with 19 more minutes to go"
Early in the 21st Century, the Tyrell Corporation advanced Robot evolution into the Nexus phase....
btw, love the show! Keep up the good work!
I WANT A CUPCAKE!!!1
you are welcome! We look forward to reading your tweets! We hope you have a great day
Hi Arianne! We'll get you set up if you email me your model # and software version to
See you tomorrow at midnight on with and & ready to cave the roof in
It was so nice to have a surprise breakfast with friends for my moms birthday!
I know I was very lucky :)
I'm itching to do another show! <3
Why is it always long n crazy days the week b 4 school starts...ugh
MSM in joint products is the anti-inflammatory. In other words, it is for pain. At least 500 mg should be good.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously hair, shoes and weed.
I fucking hate crosby. If youre gonna be a dickhead drop the glove like man pussy.
S/o go follow that nigga! Real nigga!
Or, maybe you want to go plant your for sale sign right now and get in on it. :)
It's feeling cooler outside & the reality is setting in that it's nearly fall...I'm not ready to pull out my sweaters yet
Merry xmas
fair -__- but im raw still B)
I can help to find residential and commercial properties in Dallas TX, I am a Real Estate Broker, and Apartment Locator
2 weeks ago today was the day I boogie-boarded for ten hours straight, #IMissTheOcean 😭🌅
He doesn't like George Michael, BOO!
Film just ended. Q&A starting with filmmakers and surprise guests from the film!
Remember, power is simply the ability to do work & work is any influence on the physical, #emotional, mental, or other realms.
Right! RT : Ain't Much In Corpus, But It's HOME.!! 😏👐
Oh sure. Not trying to make anyone jealous! ;) I'll pay the FedEx fee to my place when you're done....
our film is being featured on the website tomorrow night at 10pm EST / 7pm PST! Check it out!
School is going to kill me this quarter. Again.
I wanna give a huge "HAPPY MOTHERS DAY" shout out to someone who is inspirational and has made a huge impact on my lfe LOVE U
Yeah,you live in Thailand right?
lmfaoo! !! Ohh man ill tell you how when I call You ^.^
"Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name."
This girl next to me in the library just pulled out one of those orange peeling tools and is going to town, OCD style, for over 5 min. now!
re: GG coverage: Hilar reading your views and everyone else I follow--what you love, they hate. Sight unseen, Stylista FTW!
see, I'm doing my job. :). Can't wait to hear you give him crap on the air.
I think I pulled a back muscle… No bueno.
Celebrate At Sky Lounge Our Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night Two-Story NightClub With over 5 Bartenders, Cocktail Waitress's, VIP Bottle
I know!!! I am speechless
oh hi guys the people who just folowed me :o from you know where and i shall not name ;) heheh
subject could = real world. ex. food issues 1. food diary 2. research sparked by diary 3. then trace food through archaeology
A grocery checker once told me she could read my aura. Just take my money! RT : the fred meyer cashier just asked me my sign.
your very welcome
me too.
In the lunch time line at the bank !
“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” – Tony Robbins
Vary your workouts! Change them every 6-8 weeks. Endurance -> Strength -> Power. Question? Email me -
Grantland: 1.8M uniques. Not bad, my friend. Ice cream sandwiches for everybody!
Listening music from !.DALEE.i B-)
Only if there's a cigar in one hand and a beer waiting to be picked up by the other after that camera's put down.
Working On So Icey Grinch 2!!! OH SHIT DON'T GET SCARED NOW!! 2 HUNID STACKS HE PUSSY!!!!
Wow that was my first sly dig in a while proud of myself <333
email us
no problem. I <3 a lot!
3 days, 21 hours until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!. Go Jollymen !!
Earth Day was yesterday! What did you do to improve the environment?
- look forward to hearing from you!
Remember is free today! Check it out!
Just got done with my workout 💪
Agree! Good advice for everyone.
I'm in a really bad mood idk
Getting reports that crossing the Hoan right now is dangerous. Both hands on the wheel!
I'm laying under an electric blanket, yet my toes still feel like ice! Ugh. Why am I always cold??
Thanks for following - can't wait to see you when you return from the Wild West!
Ugh! I hate being sick : \ Good morning though.
Japanese Tea Ceremony brews Saturday in Madison
So these helicopters are clearing my roof by, like, 20 feet. What the hell is going on ??
Lost On LeMans, The Rest Of Us, Death Is A Dialog at Gallery13 is this friday, see you there <3
OMFQQQ MY PHONE HASN'T BEEN RECEIVING MESSAGES AT ALL TODAY.
The impossible is only a matter of opinion
only you knew how much I love you......<3
nice tweets dude!
Ah!!!! RT This is gonna be the longest 25 minutes ever.
I didn't say you said they were bold either. I agree with you all-around, except I think SA will win in 5.
2012 is gonna be your year<33
Got an appointment for my lovely chipped front tooth. At 830 AM. On the medical campus. Fuuucckk
Good, Nyjer Morgan is acting like a dickhead again. Maybe he'll start hitting like the 2K11 model Nyj-Morg too.
All you need is love.
what ever they are your tweets
I'm not on that list?? Sad faces all around :-( lol.
Oh. Hahah! I thought you were talking about the Dr. Parnassus thing.
what is a shower head cap?
getting ready to make shopping list for art reception yummies.
I bet the T-Rex used to get joked about all the time in high school wit them bony little arms, but guess who got the last laugh!!
I'm fucking tired of waiting for people and having to rush to fuckig school I'm gunna start just leaving you if youre not outside when I say
Now to all my #Thunderfans to close it out....
First ever farmer's market trip: short and sweet. I got Caledonia honey and Mayhew strawberries!
Awesome!! Sounds good!
Wish I was there, but I've got an early flight out for the cruise tomorrow morning.
I love grizzly bear
same concept as spam, it works or it wouldn't be there
capture the flag zombies outside my window on the ground floor #UniversityHousing #IWantToPlay!
really?! Ohmygosh, where at?
TedxTedLeo talks, tell me that wouldn't be an epic discussion
The only thing thunderstorms are good for is making out during. Since I've been single forever, I haven't experienced a good thunderstorm.
Please be aware that icicles forming on buildings are a danger and can do great harm to individuals if they fall. Heads up!
At work on 4 hrs of a crown induced nap and feeln fuckn grand.
Hannibal Buress murdered at the Parish during Moontower Comedy Fest in Austin. Crowd got a little punchy at end, but he checked the yellers.
Sarah and Bristol Palin want to trademark their names. Who cares? No one else wants them!
hahaha I don't know russian but 'suck my dick' is pretty international.
i would every fucking day
is probably the biggest picture fanatic I know. He is definitely an effective Facebooker.
ain't that the truth! good question, some day we'll get an answer. hopefully not too late.
are you suggesting I should introduce myself to my phone like that??
my friend ended her journey tonight but she's set anyway, she'll get a deal
okay cool, lets talk...
why did i wake up to txts from ppl all talm bout some "u up?" or "u sleep?" at 5 am -____- wtf?.
loved hearing about your state regs experience (and glad you had a role in generating that passionate dialogue!)
"We aint on da same page if you dont play dis game how its played all wayz"
Baby you winter time fine <3
No spoilers!!! Can't believe I have to wait til tomorrow!! “: #confessiontime!! #Revenge 🔫”
Sometimes being confused is just denial of the obvious
apple didn't do that ftr - it's open source. So yes, my point stands
So, anybody watching the second game?
#sillyofmetothink that I could actually sleep tonight with tons of undone homework and you stuck in my mind.
Hot #saa2012 conversation in the mgment of collections session. Moderator focusing discussion on what *actions* need to happen. Very useful!
Love my new iPhone
You have so much cellulite.
She call me cocky...I said that's not me...she call me papi...and I say veni aqui...
great hang last night, much thanks to Rich and the staff at Crown Victoria for putting up with our foolery
like 15 times. It either says it doesn't recognize the ink or that there isn't enough. :/ it's getting annoying.
damn straight!
did prefer satin the mix n headphones to satin girls.
Also, re: last Turing tweet I feel like I need to ↬ half the internet, but most recently:
<3 hey twitter we've been practicing our cheers!! we threw Stacy in the air today.. it was classic :) ahh man i love my life :D
Hopefully all my print subscriptions will be available on iPad by the time my paper subscriptions run out.
did one of your dudes leave a bathroom bag??
Jose Mourinho and his Madrid should learn how to take a defeat though.
I'm going to yoga later. Look at us hippies
Aww i was bout to say
What the heck happened to my twitter!!!!!.... HACKED..Omg...Mysterious..
In spatial metaphor, you "discover" an obstacle rather than fail to achieve a goal
Have an awesome day
What are the best web font services? Looking at and
He who hasn't a penny sees bargains everywhere.. Chinese Proverb
Mary Jeffers: cornerstone of US #PublicDiplomacy is that once people know us, they'll dig us.
I hope that was for me <3
I'm going to need wet cheese and an embarrassing email I can print out about an ENORMOUS friend to help you
Ima go to the movies and not give a fuck about anything
RT : Theres no shortcut for connection & conversation. Face to face can always take place with technology.
Ryan Costello New York, NY // good luck Ryan!
she said she want to yell bomb on the airplane
Muscle is hurting...but hope i can shoot another 3 points at our basketball paractice...eeeeppp
": When I die, all I want to hear is trance vocals #TATW #serioustweet"
How excited are you for tonight? We all know Texans are the best.
It's the best thing in the world RT : To #aomf go watch Summer Heights High on YouTube. Start with the first episode obvi. F
Take a shot for me!
What happened to the great band of last season? The new sax player is so unexciting and is the drummer gone too?
might do a twitcam this friday!
I am crazy about ties, that is all
my teacher is dumb as shit
this is hardly a division 1 offense, let alone a big ten offense
During the twitter party I' ll b giving away special #glutenfree dining kits for 2 from ! Kit includes bread, pasta, & more
Webster Public Library. It's nice and cozy. And, of course, very quiet!
Coffee was 1st mentioned in literature by Rhazes, an Arabian physician.
I would like to make more real connections on Twitter and build as well.
when you come baCc to San Diego huh ? I comee baCc on tha 29th of this month.
Oh M.G, I love English sports cars <If ever a twitter needed a valley girl accent, it would be this one.
AWOL? He told you to abide the law you passed. Congress making busywork for themselves is AWOL.
Thank you much!
I'm tellin you though these people don't understand how fake they really are
Hey sissy face :D I loves you
They say if you chase a rat you'll find yourself in a rat hole. Chase reality and youll find yourself in a hole away from the rats
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything."
thats great national recognition! great job owu soccer
didn't that already pass? I saw it!
Happy Belated I new it was last month or this month. I am so glad your staying true to what you do. Be blessed
Make your job your vacation and you will never work a day in your life.
Friend of 3Bet John 'The Razor' Phan is running good in his 'No Coolers' shirt today. 80k in chips and counting
“: Reminder: Goals are only ever met by those who relentlessly pursue them.”
my friends are such assholes
yes I did. Exactly why I didn't! :-)
Time to step errything up!
are you still at ? I am sad I missed the chance to meet you. Just got in.
Ron Paul: impersonating stoned, stereotypical white grandfathers since... the stone age.
"I posse a strong time management and prioritization competency" Do you now? I posse comitatus too.
I already too you what happens of I fall asleep today
Thanks man!
Lmao same here!
bra they ugg .
where's man u tho
I love 's mom, iswear shes such a cutie!!
It wasn't bad at all! Kinda weird, but pretty good! Hahahaha.
Just speculating. I'd rather have the Raiders...but will take any team at this point.
Like local music? RT this and tell your friends to follow us!
we gon find you we gon find you! Hahahha
time to gets mine and do whats best for my career ad future of basketball.
its funny when she gets mad thats all she will say
Dropping like flies.....
Rosetta Stone: Why are you on my Twitter feed? I am acquainted with Stonewall and I know a few stoners. But the only Stone I know is Patsy.
In 2011 I promise to become more diverse and accept the fact that cars exist besides the ones in "Nascar."
Saddest episode of
Thanks for the follow!
dude, you TOTALLY just came in 2nd on scramble! my wife was playing and recognized your picture from my facebook!
Darneil you've just finished your freshman year of college, what are you going to do? Watch
You'RE Tall, OMG look how short I am next to him!!!! #iGetAThatALot .... Lady get your stink ass away from me is usually my response.".
Breakfast burrito and a bloody mary for 10 bucks. Get some!
Nice work!
so true.
hey how are you today.LOL :)
going to work with a pounding headache. <
Thanks ! No worries--if it were up to me, I would most likely choose #SXSW :)
Thank you TJ! You rock :-)
Good company! Thanks Carlos!
Yep, this week went just about how I thought it would. Next week better look out...
HAPPY FATHERS DAY -- FELIX DIA DE PADRES to all out there
CMF club night soon at Heat?
Yay! Time for with John Grunsfeld () of science / Jon Gertner of re 'The Idea Factory' aka Bell Labs!
lol. i thought so.
I never understood why people take pictures of themselves while they driving , are yall tryna die? Lls...
Well mid-grade being an objective opinion, I'd say it starts at least at 40 or 50 bucks. Some may say 2x that amt.
What a gorgeous day in #Dallas! Patio weather for sure.
OMFG Your profile picture IS SO FREAKIN' CUTEE Q//A//Q You make the cutest characters ever dammitt ;A;
hope everything is cool with your little sprout.
Holy hell #revenge is throwing a lot at me tonight
Appears that I merely have to mention the word "followers" to get a bunch of spammy auto-replies. Jerks.
That link didn't work -- and I'd love to see it!
from COFPI sayslow-income parents will be less likely to be able to time purchases to take adav. of the tax holiday.
I considered it. Mostly out of curiosity of what my jive walk pace is.
After standing next to and riding in the bus with for two years ima miss it
“: Oh, you take an RV with you on a camping trip? You big outdoorsman you.” or your ideal car
I wish though Long Wongs sounds good for a late breakfast afterwords. Great wings. Probably not Mom & Dads kinda place.
Thank you so much for such a sweet message! Love you!
Goblin alert!!!!!
Had a wonderful time meeting with the Save the Maplenol Barn folks this morning - they have some neat photos and a rich history to preserve!
Good morning! Enjoy "loop 3" today... even MORE songs from the 80's and 90's era! :) nkairplayradio.com
"If life had a second edition, how I would correct the proofs."
My mentions dry
Our professor doesn't even know the title of our project...this final paper should go great.
So true! Admittedly, I've been spending way too much time in front of the computer lately. A horrible job hazard, indeed.
Combat company xmas do vodka revs richmond! Monday 12th dec. 02089405577 to put yourself down on guestlist!
I despise the way I look.
thanks! Done!
All I'm gonna say is I think you will like QLab 3.
Congrats on filing your dissertation!
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
You can always tell when something/someone originated in Florida....
Can't imagine not being a student...days off, no homework - sounds too good to be true.
Chris Rene on the radio <3
#ManCity!! Amazing game
Yay, Panthers, but I still pause when I think about hockey in Florida
Most. Not all.
That really gets at it. Dukakis comparison is troubling.
Greening healthcare facilities provides better outcomes for patients!
I don't know. I'd be concerned about that shirt & watch Weeden was wearing. Shows a lack of vision & awareness.
“: I'm such a creep when it comes to checking on my followers. Hahaha. #noshame #loveyouguys #staygolden” haha! Wahoo!
Under closer scrutiny, this angels and demons movie is actually pretty silly
or leaves in the middle
Eww jst walked in on my parents :(
where are you going?
Hangover brunch at 11am Meet some of the beards who traveled to Austin.
If you are what you eat, what are you right now? I am a box of sunflower sprouts that taste like the most gorgeous chunk of earth!
I've already counted 3,782 "(fill in name) wants to see bin ladens death certificate" jokes.
RT "In dreams begin responsibilities." - W. B. Yeats
Many thanks and appreciation to all of our new followers!! :)
he did not suck!!!
I'm seriously craving sweets so badly right now!!! :[
. Thanks for the headsup on flexslider! flex.madebymufffin.com
Me too. Have to after getting the business end of everyone's shit today after another fantastic loss to the Twins.
iMultitask: Watch episodes of my favorite serials on my iPad while cooking.
