Ecclesiastes 11:9 He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap?
Packing up for biz trip to France on Sunday before fun wknd gets under way!
Where are you guys going to be today!! Let us know!
Love it! Do not be limited by others expectations of you. Know your core & live your vision.
For some people you just have to spell it all out--just like you would when speaking to a 4-year old.
Shhhhhhh, what's the secret sound?!? Obviously I won't win...I just want to know what it is!!!! Driving me crazy!!
I've been waiting years for this data to be released, but I'll be even happier once it's properly indexed!
To everybody following me, I'm not always on so I'll follow y'all ASAP k? :) xoxo - krysten!
Week is going well so far, let's keep it going through hump day!!
....sounds about right.
I look stupid trying to find this spider
Today belongs to the resolution makers, tomorrow belongs to the commitment keepers, results or excuses are the only rewards..."Do It Now!"
#Yee For sure, I don't know your email, though.
Hahaha got to love haters<3:P
Alaska's orange coast--a native wonders if it could be climate change..
" I need a job..I be bored "
i'm bored.
who we working over..hell..I don't care...just need to hit someone
School work dun. Happy V-day Everyone!
what? For real? Why?!
Merry whatever you celebrate! Whether it's religious, family or just a day off work.
for some quality social media info.
FP is messed up...bottom row is obviously from a different treasury..doesn't match.
So sleepy. Must. Remain. Vigilant. Against. Mice.
And I am hoping that all have a great weekend and keep their walk shoveled n'at.
haha ohh that's no bueno :/ I am good I leave Tuesday so I am gettin anxious!
i asked for one direction too!! march 30th i requested for it to be put on a playlist (way ahead of the teeny bopper curve here)
#milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together. Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools & more!
Smashing your guitar feels totally punk rock until you realize that now your guitar is fucked up. A boy scout's prepared, brings a spare.
The kings are too sick....
I LOVE making internet friends! They make my day! its really nice to hear from people who dont have to like my voice me y'know?
Why do smelly people drink water out of large jugs?
Follow Me Please!? 26
they're choke artists
I really want to be there!;) But I hope it next to you!!;)<3
So sleepy
Read on Twitter: "You can tell what God thinks of Rick Perry. Rick Perry prayed for rain, and Texas caught fire."
This is speaking to me today RT : If you have to fear something, fear mediocrity. ~ Alex Bogusky RT
Just decided what my next cover is gonna be!! gonna try to get another one done this week :)
Thanks for the follow Have a good one!
RIP #BruceLee! Anniversary of his passing is today!! Enter the Dragon tonight:)
Mention Twitter during February to receive $5 off a car wash!
I forget where I saw this, but Rondo has more play-off triple doubles in the last 4 years than every other NBA player, combined.
Back from the Amalfi Coast. What a fantastic weekend in a beautiful place with awesome people. Only 3 days till my parents are in Florence!!
I love my bitches *shrug life* RT : Embrace your stretch marks ladies....
You're too busy for me.
I don't know if I should be worried or amused, but my co-worker who is well over 40 is playing Hello Kitty games on Sanrio's website.
How does #organic matter in your life? Share your opinion.
LA VIE
Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet. -Vietnamese Proverb
Bill Gates has given away $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.
are you working with other people in Austin too? We only play the didgeridoo at the office after daily Phish singalong.
im not the one tweeting about people i hate you are..
Your journey may "MOLD YOU" but DO NOT allow comfort and complacency with your journey to cause you to MOLD!
just brushed her teeth. m mint
i think a quick nap might do me worse than no nap at all....9 more hours
Had fun at the movies with ma and baby bro...
the only thing we need to fear is fear itself. -franklin d. roosevelt(:
How are you surviving this heat? A ice cold Guinness is keeping us going!
#Tigers pen is awful... its early yes but it has cost them too many games already for being early
Finished front display area for Cream Perfumes. Christmas is coming are you ready. If not we can help with that special purchase.
New York and Florida can make it 2 more correct #NHL series value picks tonight in Game 7s.
Is anybody still #drunk from #NYE besides us?
It's true. That fourth self mix is part of the beauty of the game. No designated mixers for me.
Another day another dollar! Rise and grind!!!!
About to head down to the for Game 2.
that's a great view
Storyopolis Entertainment announces it will once again be producing high quality content in children’s sector for the movie and television
Sara will be at Homesmart (1901 W. William Cannon) from 3-5pm today! Come by and get some Mix gear!
Fight Club
#patioing = my favorite verb! Once this baby arrives, it's champagne all the way! C u tonight Chicago!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW HIT ME UP
Help me ! Stole all mu ideas ! Give me some advices ! I need your help ! :(
hey, we need to get together and catch up before i leave for college!
"Since the Middle Ages alchemists have been trying to discover the secret for transmuting baser metals into gold..."
hopefully it will be a good Christmas this year
wow. my friend just woke me up at 7............. I cant go back to bed nowww..
Atlanta - March 2nd - 4th need females for Power Shoot. You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Amen X Meek Mill
watching slc faculty learn "we r who we r" by kesha. priceless.
thanks, just recently realized they have a live SDK. See you Thursday!
If you “don’t have time” then fit shorter but more frequent periods of time, like 5-10 minutes several times a day throughout your day....
I would of watched The 3 Musketeers if they would of cast Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones and Gennifer Flowers as the musketeers.
DIFFERENCE In Presidential Candidates: President Obama is an Open Book, mitt romney is a "Fortress" with armed guards. No "Choice" at all!!
you should check out the homes on my site if you think that was great, you'll LOVE these! www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
what fine life we are living.
Another Beautiful Day in the Mile Hi City 5280......
Panda Express :D
VERY cool perk! RT : RT : We're providing workspace for 3 of the winning teams
Softball game, then with my boy ♥
Hi, I blocked about 150 of those ladies and would you believe I know have about 200 people that are following me. The more you block
WHAT? what the frick? no... I love Peyton
#MyMotherToldMe I am an amazing cook (:
Congratulations to Ken Jones from Las Vegas. He won today's noon tournament.
This is true. Just figure people wouldn't react the same w/ Miku, (tho she gets grief for all kinds of other inane reasons)
No, that's fine. They said I could call at 5, so I'll do that. See you tonight!
dang...now i really need to head back...-_-
Shamrock shakes are the best!(:
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
Morning! I'm getting a trenta iced coffee, no sugar, no ice. Enjoy your Friday!
You guys the killed it on the
Thank you for your time! What a great lunch. Somm cook off coming soon!
When u on top! The bottom wants to see U! Don't let them see U! they tryn to take U down!
i just read someone tweeted "ask ur paresnts for money" as#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s, shouldn't have quit that by the time ur 20???
I wish I could just be on twitter all the time.
I truly don't think so! Terrible! Can weather at the get any worse? .
SO much weed, Mickey's 40s, dropped off @ studio, 4 songs in 5 hours, 2 bud lights, a red silo cup full of ear wax hash omg, got home safe
Happy birthday to the ever cool !
Just because i tweet you doesnt mean im interested!! Somebodys just a little bit cocky.....
Anyone else extremely busy at work this month?
ahh idk im always lazy on fridays & sat im going dress shopping :-P
o yea I was at that show :) and yea he is just so adorable I want to eat him ;) lol
tell us why you hate your boss.
Now THAT stinks! :(
then at the end of the line they cook all of it..
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Real Monsters :-) :-) :-)
I smile as if there was camaras with in every step i took :))
Occupy grace and mercy. Occupy bible studies. Occupy your church pew with neighbors and friends. Occupy your life with Jesus.
Obscurities & Rarities in full effect.
starting today, I'm going to stop worrying so much about the future. what's meant to happen will happen.
I'd trade coffee for 5 Hour Energy if I could drink what tastes like a vitamin ground up with 7 Splenda packets without retching.
Tell everyone that #scout and #imore are way awesome. Then I'll play until I fall asleep on the screen
Hi, Lisa!!
aww (: im going to try to go to the studio , u?
Excited about travel training #Sandals #Disney #Apple Vacation #CLIA, etc. lots of training lined up in the upcoming months.
glad to hear you didn't buy it. It would have been very confusing for your twitter family. DM me size and address for a Noodle Tee
OMG her butt has a butt!
Can't believe I stessed so much on who to play between Spiller/D. Brown & Mo Morris/M. Williams TB. It always come down to this.
,i l,ove you too
One of my students wrote a song about Ask Metafilter for her final project. I <3 teaching. And Ask MeFi.
what did you expect...something different?
Just saw your photos on FB, they are so cute! I haven't been to Riley's Farm in forever!
Interested in helping us spread the word about the upcoming play production of BILL W & DR BOB?
Cheating on your spouse is just not worth dying for. I guess we won't figure that out until it happens.
nope, why?
The smell has faded but that was just strange...add changing the filters to the list of things to be done round these parts.
RT : Every design decision you make has to be justified by an improvement to the user experience. // +1
Looks like Tatooine! (with only one sun)
There is no distance that you can not go, neither goal can not be reached!!
Her iPhone keeps streaming "2001" as a warning. RT I wonder if Siri is getting as tired of Zooey Deschanel as I am.
Definitely setting a record tonight for # of coins worn during a live bellydance performance; gonna make some noise!
Tweet your list!
It works for me...haha.
Jake has been off running a marathon so the site took a sabbatical but, he is back and so is bps. new nba power rankings up
Reminds me of Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon and The Baroque Cycle (as opposed to Liss and A Conspiracy of Paper)
My new fav word is gumption
OMG! You guys are wonderful! To say nothing about your abilities. Go Blazers!!
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. - Henry Ward Beecher
Goin outside to defrost cold AF in This house
#Gingrich is right about
The Broncos weren't Tebow crazy, Broncos fans were tebow crazy. They'll forget that once they win without holding their breath
Just from CNN "concerned that Washington Monument might be tilting" #earthquake Sure hope not!
hello ariana this photo signature that is written is ariana?
I'm legal to drive in CA! :) (See all the exciting things I've been up to? :) )
If you were at the Trash Bash.
Gourmé Mist, a healthy and delicious topping to Arugula Salad with Pomegranate and Toasted Pecans! Now at a Whole Foods Store near you.
yep and ma sweet 15 coming next year so uk ur invited
no lol im hoping i do at the upfronts tho
It's so cool to watch you get high with Frodo every week.
Mrs. Maine Packfan says tell the team: B SMART, B FAST, B HUGE, B RUTHLESS, but HAVE FUN and KNOW THAT YOU ARE LOVED!!
Where is my dad?? I want breakfast!! The first thing I'm gonna buy when I'm rich is a chef
Hm. I use peanut butter and real maple syrup. You should try it.
Are enjoying with friends in canada hahahahaha
what u mean u kno me explain
“: I'm sure that wasn't the only thing makin the house rattle LOL have u met mark yet?" hahahaaaa! Get it!
good news! Just heard from City staff that the lanes are scheduled to be striped by the end of this month
after this board room we may never get visas to Argentina !!!!
Thanks for the follow all the way from Japan, Believe it or not I get to Japan every once in a while, Fantastic record stores.
The last couple of weeks have been a Cash Fail! New Debt inspired Sound Design up now on #productionvault!
Aww, I'm ready for the show to come back. WHEN?!?! (I miss the #SingleLadies...)
Since when did baltimore police have horses?
Anthony, very cool! This is good to hear:-)
I really do like The Mentalist though. It goes extra hard to me. Would go so much harder on Showtime.ooooweeee
you watching this?
A couple glasses of wine some cheese and a shot of moonshine.
Going to bed a happy lady all because you texted me :)
Alright TwitNation legit question: Please tell me that The Polk Family was not the only family that put sugar in our Grilled Cheese sandwich
Listening to Stephen Bajjaly is making me homesick.
Today is packed! #opensource cmte mtg, see financial adviser, rental viewing, coffee date, dinner plans & more I've likely forgotten.
I want Texas In July to come back to Indy.
Focus on the journey, not the destination
Do you watch #Smash? Where did Debra Messing's husband go? Did he leave her? I must have missed an episode...
Does anyone have a plan once the replace an incumbent? Or do they think that change will automatically fix everything?
They tried..
Woody Guthrie archives: Q: why did you write all those songs about the Dust Bowl? A: 'well, I was there and the dust was there'
dat mj is a scorer n lbj is mayb da greatest of all time which i think is bs-ill
I got some suggestions
Good night
Hey Thanks for following :)
Happy birthday! I hope you have a great day :D
one of my buddies kills it at fifa. Never seen him win by less than 5.
Just making sure you're good and awake! How are you feeling this morning? Better?
will share Howto write-a-thon details next week
girl....all my friends are preggo with girls, it must be in the air :-)
Though allergy congestion is improved today, I am still about to fall asleep despite 8 hours of sleep last night: coffee it is.
There are so many good movies out in theaters! Or they look good, they might suck, sometimes they look good but suck
Walk is going great! We are in Montgomery.
THE CIRCLE OF LIFE!!!!!
You, my friend, are ready for the soup!
My sister says Google is God lol!!
uh 1st and 2nd hours are the worst!!
Listening to old songs reminds me of my childhood days back in Elementary. Oh how I miss those days so much. </3
What is your weekend read?
That is gross. You should somehow find a way to do a laptop punch.
At school: Man I am so tired. Like seriously, as soon as I get home I am going to sleep. *Gets home* PARTY PARTY PARTY! SO HYPER! WOO!"
no problem :) blah back to school tomorrow haha i'd say text me but i dont want u getting in trouble
FUCK THAT PUSSY ASS VOiCE!..&&ND LEARN HOW TO SPELL PUSSY!..NA i "MENTiONED" YOU...
Have you seen previews for HBO's new series LUCK yet? I'm curious! 'Bout time they took the cameras to the racetrack!
dear justin bobby, please share your secrets.
Have fun, Jill!
Almost at 100 followers! Hook us up guys ;3
Love overhearing people talk about out in the world!
The start of a 20 week massacre.
SEXY Sundays at The Place with the DollHouse DJ's
i liked song it was pretty smooth.
Finished all my homework, and stuff. #Showerhour c.,
How much time do they give you to direct/edit an episode? You've been working for WEEKS on this.
Maule Mauleeee, Boo picture today made me think of you, I smiled for hours
Oprah has her favorite things or whatever. I got my favorite shit Led zeppelin 2 FFA jacket A can of cope Peaches Grits Kisses You Sunshine
don't forget females. If you wanna share the court with me you earn it lol
B*llsh*t! RT in writing, curse or do not, asterisks make you look weak
My Brand New Web Site is being blocked by U. It has NO malware. Im trying to help vets. Y R U preventing?
i feel completly stupid now !!
That would be a travesty. A mug it is!
its good. To know that there's someone out there that has some of the same likes that i have that's great
I assume you're south of me cause I'm not familiar with that name...
never had so many people tweet at me! I should talk bad about a celeb more often...Lol. guess what people, they don't care. shocker.
Tired from all this ot this week but I'll be downtown soon as I recover
I have not been alone for 20 yrs.. Don't want to worry about a man for awhile..and he better be my "Dream Man"!
she claims to hail from "HaWarlem" actually
RT if your watching teen hoot online <3
Aww! So cute!
We own twitter #GOSPURSGO RT : Do Spurs fans use twitter?
now, I love stronger by. kelly and beautiful people by. chris brown . How bout you ? <3
Cortwright #talentdividend regression analysis shows 60% of differences in metro area income explained by education attainment
Where can i get that you ask???
Hey! exist :( I love you! Notice me this is sad :( but love you
oh ok, I love it. Never heard the term before until. Have to add it to my vocab.
It took him 6 years to discover that you were bad at singing? :)
Inspiring bio. We are citizens of the planet too! Come and learn about your #health and #wellness inspired #adjustments!
Sounds like a great day!
That's great! And Harry is a super cutie!
Not sure I said it, but thanks for the follow. Look forward to talking
“: on the suck for luck bandwagon the last 5 moths”--lmao!
she wants to talk about my dad's failure to eat well. endlessly.
oh...I love that song! Where is Jackson Browned theses days?
Let's take it down a notch shall we? Too much crazy to deal with before my 2nd cup of coffee.
#fillintheblank! I reward myself for getting to the gym and eating healthy by treating myself to shakes
Have a gr8t holiday weekend! Gobble,gobble!
oh it's very appropriate.
Tiny tiny tiny snow.
Paternity leave is over. Back to work today. ARGH. yet... refreshing? Paternity leave should be 18 years long though me thinks.
Next Grammy a DJ session should be done on stage!!!
What you never expect in a man is what you should suspect in a fool
She is at Vestibule 2C
Back when I was a kid we stared at the wall when we took a shit and we liked it!
When a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in confederacy against him.
20/20/20 Rule- Protect your vision: look away from your computer screen every 20 min for 20 sec & focus on something 20 ft away.
please hook it up!
to deliver State of Hollywood speed on Jan. 26 at the Taglyan Cultural Complex. Contact Hollywood Chamber for tickets.
Alright, anybody have a Firefall beta invite code they want to share? I would really love to try this game...
just a red hot spark that's looking for a little flame trying to find the perfect place to grow. She's a wildflower.
It sucks when you're trying to get all fly but have no time because you gotta rush out the door. -______-
My March Madness was twarted by an unexplainable, atrotous, and loathsome effort shown by the Memphis Tigers
It's San Mateo day today. Meeting with Doubletree Suites and the Kingfish Restaurant.
THANK YOU TO Dalon Collins, 214, Deonis Cook and Anointed Dancers for helping to make the event a great success! BLESSINGS TO YOU!!!!!
boy they do. And the new orange unis don't help. Lol
ok we must watch something extra happy ASAP! I vote muppets.
I have an app for that :)
Thx Beverly! PeopleBrowsr is looking forward to it as well. Priscilla is joining me from our SF office.
where do you train?
LOL Who am I Too Say No 2 a BJ
stop eating and get online
RT : HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE...
it's hard to make Compliance Rules in the Financial Sector an exciting topic... >8-]
Agreed! Case in point "The In-Laws"
First time the #RedSox have won four straight at home since July 24.
You know there's no Whataburgers in Miami right ? just saying... ;P
kinda reminds me of our h.s parties
Thousands of people die a year from Cigarettes. No one dies from smoking weed.
she looks like
are you ready to come back to Cincinnati yet?
Also hope that Betty Draper Francis makes an appearance
I love you
was there a local Denver story you were looking for specifically that I could help with, or were you just venting in general?
gud jus been on my grind. Workin so much. How u been?
Naga? (I'm still watching S1, and am like 16 episodes in)
Baylor University will be in the house at
we certainly did miss you being there too :-) they said they want us to come back soon.
can't blame anyone for trying
ok ! I cut down the cherry tree ! Now give me ! lol
TAKE IT EASY OUT THERE G!
whoorli is a great platform to advertise your personal brand.
myrtle beach!
yeah, right
Check your gmail pleease! Important request re training tonight
Superstition, bigotry, persecution => fruits of ego regardless of the religion.
thanks 4 the awesome card
sorry my phone died! ima call you from the house okay?
Just had LSU fans in the office to tour our facility and after they left there was a corndog smell in the air... strange
DON'T BLAME WORDPRESS!
Floodgates opened.
Are you presenting or just attending? Looking forward to seeing you either way...it's been too long!
Make YOUR DAY a Slammin ONE:)...
and...Mean Mothers: Independent Women's Blues, Volume 1 (Rosetta).
Inspired by some art at Craft & Folk Art Museum and by the magic of cowbird.
Toddlers and tiaras may be the most ridiculous yet entertaining shows. I wish I could meet these girls when they are in high school.
Good morning tweets! Half day at school for me #happy 😃👍
#SomeoneWhoCan let me just be myself
making a note of whose naughty and nice?
Why are the guys in never back down so hot?
#NYC users - if you're near the Cosmopolitan hotel take a photo of a room and upload to you'll earn instant cash!
and you can't prove that anything happened so meh!
Worried that I'm 3-5 years away from the Frank Vogel receding-hairline look.
yea they are
Thanks for the follow
It's so important to never forget that we must treat every customer with legendary service. We have no idea how their day is.
Great time at Villains Tavern last night. Federici's new accordion straps worked accordingly. Fun show!
Android or IPhone? Hm Iphone
Saying, "Thats crazy!" ... when you haven’t been listening to someone.
No, I did not spend the last two hours of work hiding in a coffee shop seated in a sumptuous leather chair. I was reflecting and planning.
"Classism" won't go away until classes do.
We'll see... maybe next time they come in we can talk to them to see if we can help figure out the issue
Why am I still trying? Havent you realized I would do anything to have you to call mine again? Once you've had the best, you cant do better.
We love you too! RT : Y'all. I may be in love with all of the They are SO GOOD.
by the way fufu told me yal was tryin to look at my husbands photos lol in ypsilanti lol my son scared yal lol
Thanks for joining us. We had a great time.
Heh, I didn't know we were The McAuliffes either :)
I totally agree with you in regards 2 the Bulls running the table w/o Derrick Rose its next 2 impossible.
Who is excited for the 76ers playoff game tomorrow? is singing the anthem!!
Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery and have an awesome day!
drugs and the dog terd he calls a cigar has really fried his brain!
Must go to soon. too many attempts foiled.....
On my way to Mound City, KS for a visit to Jayhawk Elementary!
All nighter before test or wake up early as hell and study #whatdouperfer?
how could I not, when you asked so nicely? And, thanks!
while lionizing Jerry Lewis
He is. :3 His eyes are my weakness. Like pools of perfect blue or something. :'D
Rob Mullins (((SATURDAY NIGHT))) at Jazz Under the Stars, ABQ Museum. He's AMAZING-- you gotta check'em out.
Happy birthday to me! Lol
that sounds so good right now i love chocolate...no homo? lol
PCAK staff & 35 H.A.N.D.S. Home Visitors shared tips and techniques for actively engaging dads. Way to go KY!!
HOW'S YOUR BREAK BEEN LIL BUNS?
Love #SVU. Thank you for having on again. Please make her permanent!
Check out some of my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus763
Babe this..nd babe tht! Blah i call my man Daaddy!!!!! Lls
Duh! Obviously.
"That's what." - She
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle
See you tonight at the SYP Dallas September Happy Hour! Come meet and mingle with new faces at The Londoner - Uptown Dallas!
Today's gonna be a chill day
Just finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire. So satisfying!
do you want to go the the beach in the morning and the get lunch and ride up together? :)
yur rite boo . We gotta find sumone who does them for the low smh. I will walk round htown all day askin ppl lmao
A Walk To Remember #top10FavoriteMovies <3
I'll be there. RT : any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
I'm so happy seeing tighthead on tap.
Good to be at Miller Park tonight. Is the roof staying open?
Happy Tree Day! Such wonderful weather this morning, and tonight is one of my favorite meals followed by a beer and chocolate tasting.
thanks for reaching out. We're in the process of moving our offices, so it's hectic. Let's stay in touch thought!
no doubt!
There Is NOTHING That Faith Can NOT Accomplish. Faith Has NO Limits. ALL Things ARE POSSIBLE To Him Who Believes...(Leather Bound Book)
“: Its 6:15 AM and my little boy has already told me 3 lies. SMH!!”>>>hehe
do you see a entrepreneurial opportunity in everything? I'd love to bounce an idea off a self described zealot.
SUP BRO...MAN I JUST STARTED USING THIS TWITTER SHIT...LOL
I think if someone told and I to write a horror film, it would turn out like a much worse Cabin in the Woods. Great movie.
Finish photoshoot at Pier 39 San Francisco
shoulda convinced Arieh and co. to not shove all in on the lottery a while back.
just to butt in I think stretching a birthday out over a season is EPIC AND AWESOME
do you find it weird that whenever I play your songs in school I start to cry because I just love your voice so much? Lol
will be at the show live on Friday morning.
RT : Harry Freaking Styles.
i rock a fro myself so i can relate :)
This apple good af. But it's not Fuji lol
Figured it out. and I can move to London for the summer. I can see the olympics and she can chase boy bands
Heck yeah you can get a follow! Glad you enjoy our doughy rounds of goodness.
i can't find any moolah, so no soccer game for me. I think i'll just take a nap
Wroten thinks he's already in the league. such a head case.
Got in the classroom yesterday for a cleaning session--not too much dust. Psyched about having a ceiling mount projector this year.
Right and "Smoke", all you guys need the ball. Plenty talent, but can't see it working x's and o's wise. Gotta have balance.
yea he was there today
Great to see the #QRcode boom! Love the yellow theme to Kodak's. Enjoy Germany!
By persistently remaining single a man converts himself into a permanent public temptation. ~ Oscar Wilde
geez man! Your kids are really easy to shop for!!
Good morning tweeterville.
When you have multiple skills it's very important to read/analyze a job description to align your skills & experiences to their requirements
how can miss something I didn't go to
A house divided against itself cannot stand -Abraham Lincoln
I don't get to go back til like the end of july
meanwhile Kenny Dalglish's managerial career is coming to a sad end.
You okay there?
French wanted hope n change, now all their change will go to Bloated Globe trotting Socialists.. There hope will wither
By a show of LIKES, who else is ready for the weekend?
Any ideas for key words I can use to search it? I'm running up empty.
even doe we fuss n shit idc I aint no wea um n love wit her
I know they would.. Best wings in America..
I love you more AMBER!! (I don't have a nickname for you?? What??)
arg iknow lost almost all my hiragana progress :( <- sad face
Good luck to my business partner & BFF , who is talking about her platform "No Body's Perfect" at UVA today. She inspires me!
#nowplaying the latest dope supamix via #soundcloud. nice work again!
girl did you know alot of inteligent things come out of your mouth?
you may have out-sassed the with that one.. :P
En Vogue's "Don't Go"....man, shhhhhiii
Only cause yall are special RT : ": I think just text me *faints*"
Why do I have such an obsession with shopping.. I will probably be broke one day. 💰😳
Late night HIMYM w/
haha did I spell right now right?
I'm surprised you're even surprised. DSPs are the new ad networks. Thus, old ad networks are the new DSPs
My 5k tweet goes out to my favs & I don't know where I'd be w/o y'all #loveyall 😘
follow please(:
Sent you the stuff you needed for review . . . Chex it and Roll
#network Your Questions About Mexico Cartoon Network
I DO TEXT BACK :c
I can beat any two handed style bowler in the world... with one hand tied behind HIS back!
": If you can't laugh at yourself, I will." Hahah!! I love you.
For fun or work?
RT : Side by side or miles apart or heaven above, Mothers are forever close to your heart.
Good wishes much appreciated. It's an ice rink out there! :)
Best time of my life with my fam and gf in the Dominican. Couldn't have asked for more. Proud of my bro. And glad to be back home.
what are you thankful for?
is my life!
well, it's true if you are under the delusion the U.S. STILL occupies 'Mexico' (e.g. Cali).
fantastic Ignite presentation at #techcon!
The Next Wave of Social: Curated Integration bit.ly/uWUiBk via
So sorry. It is early and they are probably not in yet. Leave a message and you should receive a return phone call. Thank...
We're listening too! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
I'll save you one.
Cindy is now polling audience on their experiences with webinars
maybe it's just an east coast cult thing?
#WhatNotToSayToThePolice officer can u throw away this 40 I don't want to litter lol
When you're a mom, *every* day is
Alright, got to love all these new followers, eh?
I'm not crying it just allergies !
sure! Give me a few min
Thanks to & for the #FF shout-outs. Have a great week!
Teaching cool peeps about the fun of Twitter and mentioned #hamfail cc
Feeding your baby solid foods before 4-6 months may increase the risk of developing allergies, constipation, and even choking.
Yup, quite a bit.
Eyebrow piercing on a guy >
lol i really have! Look we can't do much it is in rural PA. It would be like if I went to Cumberland MD
Maybe where do you think you saw me?
Uh im tired dude
Am I the only one? Everytime talks about 'Robotics' something inside just says #WOW |
Evernote is awesome. Wonderful for organization once you setup saved searches.
DM Are you looking to fund or for funds? The business I started is going to be more than I can manage. DM me if interested.
You are the best. Thx for the follow. You should also follow my wife. She is an ace on twitter.
Just Unliked all the Hype!
Walmart here actually sells coconut bras...
Longest bye week ever. 4 more days until #SportingKC's first ever match against
haha ok sounds good
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 22
Is that available on Kindle?
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe stay with your true friends and fuck the rest. Don't trust nobody.
Amen & it's a damn shame. Soon we'll b paying wage rate.
RT : #FF the cool team: ...they are kicking ass & taking names in NYC
hey Tanisha it is Tiera\t.t well I did not know that you had a twitter but please follow me
Summer class start 2day
Mayor said last wk if city won it would "eventually" evict Occupy #ROC but wants to avoid "belly-bumping contests" btw police/protesters
✰ Fact of the Day: The term "brand name" originated among American distillers, who branded their names and emblems on their kegs before s...
well your gorgeous! You take really good picture(:
RT : All I do is win win win no matter what!
Kinda tired of all this same-sex marriage shit on the news. Unless they're gonna pass a law for it now, I don't care anymore.
you know I like messin with you
I don't like bad boys, I like good boys that just don't give a fuck.
"I'm going to the supply room, do you guys need anything?" "I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED."
Nigel... Follow back?
M, 69 followers (;
dear santa, can you get austin or justin to follow? if you dont, ill be a very bad girl.
If you’re feeling hopeless or stressed, stop tuning-out (worrying & thinking externally) and start tuning-in (intending & imagining).
I'm gonna need best buy to release from work.
hi Nate...dying of embarassment but what does #FF mean? fast friends maybe? LOL as you can see I'm much older than you
$3 call drinks and $1 off all taps tonight! Catch Honest Monday playing Jam for Jam tonight at 8:00!
SHIT!! The Manchester United game on FX & the Manchester City game on ESPN 2!! It all comes down to this final game...
Research suggests that older women who are tea drinkers are 60% less likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than non drinkers.
Still trying to figure out what session to attend next - any suggestions?
"Naturally, the sight of a dog and a cat watching an egg brought the usual string of gawkers... and thrill-seekers" Love this movie :]
Our LAST Women with Moxie Mixer of the year! 6-8 tonight at Coppia in the Pearl! Come by!
outdoor stadium is literally the only thing I worry about for them. PM makes players better.
Why am i such a flirt failure?!?! RT : . is flirting with our ryan gosling lookalike server
Torts, can I get a RT?
GOT MI EYES SET ON HOPE HE AINT TAKEN///////LOL
Own goal doubles #SportingKC lead to 2-0. Vancouver looked gutted after it went in.
Mr. Moore, no need to double down on the misogyny to call Rush out. Progressives are fauxgressive unless they are feminists too.
let's see, Adele set fire to the rain, paramore crush crush crush, quantums remix of whacha say, flyleaf, & like an avalanche!
<<<<<follow him
go team caribian!
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
While the rest of the world is adorned in green and shamrocks, why not wear a kilt to honor scottish st.patrick who was a slave to the irish
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
OVS Presents: "Images of a Lost World" Exhibit. Opening Reception & Exhibit Preview on Sunday, March 21, 3:00-5:00 p.m. RSVP by March 18.
Oh you know it!!! I absolutely cannot wait for the 1 1/2 finale. But then I will be sad & empty.
thanks for the shout out mang! Killer track!! :)
((having just a few friends that are real)) > ((having a bunch of fake friends))
Good man!
No matter how hard I try, I'll never be able to look at you and pretend to feel nothing.
What is your best, random bit of advice for inbound marketers out there? Stop thinking your idea is bad, lame, or boring
and they know I PUT ON
so is brandi too cool to create a twitter account on this road trip???
but for now I shall enjoy mr. West ^.^
Yes! Makes me crazy, why is the cord so short?!
Where else in the world other than Miami would an Enrique Iglesias remix of "How to Love" be played on the radio?
Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!
Marvin's room Drizzy Drake the best! (:
aw yay! Glad y'all r tweeting! See u Thursday Julie. Who do we have on the couch?
can't wait to see you in dallas!!! woohooooo!!! I saw you with britney, but i'm excited to see u again!
OH. I'm stupid. I didnt even realize that error. xD
“ “ When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on in the first place. #GirlFacts””
did you see this? www.inquisitr.com/59295/paul-shirley-haiti@ paulthenshirley
Peatrus is a bum!!
RT : [INFOGRAPHIC] #Social #Influence: Tips and tools for leveraging internal and external
Need a hotel in San Fran tonight? Hilton Financial $159, Holiday Inn Civic $99,Hyatt Regency $179 Call 877 551 6633 to reserve
this game is like in ffw LOL
Sunglasses and advil, last nite was mad real.
Desmond from #Lost (Henry Ian Cusick) is going to be on Fringe tonight! 9pm on Fox
Brilliant!! Mwuhahahaha *rubs hands excitedly*
Prosecutors point out Dr. Janci Lindsay is a paid consultant, paid an average of $300-325 per hour by the defense.
What do women want most? Good sex or clean fun?
My future car gonna have pink rims
I was at an ATM the other day, and an elderly lady approaches, and asked me to check her balance. So I pushed her.
There we go, FIXED.
I learned that from the last episode of "Nurse Jackie." Makes me forget, what decade is this?
yes sir
I was in an interdisciplinary program. Who do you think was at that panel?
Amen, In Jesus Name.
I have fallen behind on the 30 day challenge by several days! :( Got a bit hectic here, though I am determined to catch up!
good luck!
super bummer to find out the Denver show is 21+, so please come back three months later when I'm 21 ?
...good searchable keyword for Social Recruiting? TimeSuck?
8:30/Keith's Classical Corner: Keith is bringing us something from tonite's Pops Opening NIght Concert! Laura
With as many times as my phone has been dropped, it is a miracle it even works
Finally getting my first Rush Sector Box. Went with Sector 3 to start. Happy early birthday from my parents. :)
Please tweet at 4pm: I am a Central Florida resident, & even if I can't make the #FDOT meetings on 6/28, I fully support
You're honestly the most inspiring person.♥ You give me hope.♥
loving & being slightly obsessive about my yummy veggies from the greenmarket at union square
that works...still have a hard time seeing Rieff fall that far...
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. John Maxwell
- thanks for responding to my tweet.
The Alec Baldwin show up move is not ok
Khloe and Lamar are the cutest couple ever.
thanks for the follow! Enjoy the tweets :)
AGC DVD replication order placed.
Just landed at Dulles. The Honor Flight passengers are in high spirits. Thanks to Delta for a great flight!
Rumor has it will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Make sure to follow them so you don't miss out.
my gym teacher was all "get up" and i was all "take off ur shirt first" LMFAO IM STRANGE
I said it last year. DBacks have marginal talent. Got lucky w/ several career years at the same time last year.
is house/dog sitting
cause ull get hurt=(
"a lot of people think hovercrafts are cool, and they are." See what does with his team to respond to disasters.
All movies filmed in Mass rule
If I wasn't on here, how much faith would u have in Him?
Check out 's video she created on her road trip across Canada, for Mazda's Zoom Zoom Magazine—Zoom ZOOM zoom......
This account is kinda boring compared to my other one..
First taste of awa. Via tastes like Hawaii.
. gonna miss you today buddy, but we'll get the win for you!
notice me out of 20million
I love how i can talk to my mom about everything!
thank you !!!
RT BREAKING: New Report Shows Wisconsin Led Nation in Job Loss Over Past Year. Dead Last.
it's national kissing day today. wanna celebrate? (; x
What are some of your other favorite places in Boston? RT At the courtyard (one of my favorite places in #Boston)...
V-cube USA just signed up Oriental Motors for our Video Conferencing and Broadcasting services!
that "at Trattoria on Pearl" part is what's definitely missing her in Castelli Verdi...
thanks for mentioning our opening weekend. Hope you can come visit sometime this season.
I did not know you were talking about dragging a glue gun through a trailer park.
Love BB! RT : You've heard of but did you know that it can make you burn 1,000 calories in 1 hour? f.me/FFFcamp
Roenicke is most likely super pumped to have K-Rod as a 7th inning setup man for Loe in the 8th.
You never have a second chance to make a first impression. As a pro athlete, your first impression could be your final impression.
Im bouta go to bed.....aint entertaining at all
man-up, quit blaming things on your mama. Smh
My producer is harder to contact than Obama.... Where are ya Ryan? Haha ;)
How does the heart and soul of your daily life support where you want and need to go in the coming year?
Jesus, I'm just waiting for the hater's that's going to flood the internet. I mean, if Heath even got haters then this we're
Ida Mukuka was diagnosed with HIV. She's made it her life to increase education around HIV in Africa.
i sow jon his ugly
done? Okay good.
Got an extra $5k burning a hole in your pocket? Check this out - Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition:...
im babysitting yuu?
Back in the gym for the first time in two years.....
Does that mean you have to be a grown-up now?
I'm trying to figure out if the fact that I still have my Christmas lights up means I'm lazy or just really into the holidays.
2011?? How's that working for you?
congrats! Rock Star.
expensive? They tried a "simondelivers.com" when we lived in MN. It flopped bcause of $; though the concept was cool for 1999.
#madmen Leland Palmer!
what i would do for some chocolate milk right now
Your icon though:O
ward off osteoporosis. resistance training increases bone density, which can prevent age-related loss
Got to study for my religion test tomorrow, and now all I have to do is type my supplements tomorrow :D
has to probably be the most amazing person and only person I love 😘
thanks, I'm building a larger story around the effectiveness various strategies to improve SNAP public health outcomes.
sunday not tonight?
2 hrs later, we're STILL sitting on the runway. Refueling and rerouting thru Canada. At least #AirTran finally gave an update?
Conclusion - Broad national US #privacy law not likely any time soon.
Which items are you bidding on?
Stupid question, but will the tracking code be different then? All I really want is to set up tracking subdomains...
Fantastic Four!!!!!!
Dear #Rangers fan: If you're going to the game after work & sitting on the ice in the boss' seats, take off your tie you dipshit.
- Yeah, it's good inspirational stuff.
I drank with him at bars he is so adorable when he is drunk.
Basketball grim reaper strikes again!
Catchitos and chocolate milk = 😁❤
Research and Markets: Dermatitis - Pipeline Review, H1 2012
our next show is a free show on IUPUI's campus on April 20th! are you gonna come hang out? (:
Did you know the ladybug is #Delaware's official state bug? Cute little state, cute bugs.
maybe Jordan needs to come out of retirement, if Moyer can win at age 49...
why are you so perfect? ://instagr.am/p/II_vYXDk2P/
Palace shopping was successful with excited for our new life!
yay katherine Is going to the finals !!!:)
This has been a full week and it aint over...
I'll post it ASAP.
There will be no First Steps this morning, but Kiddie Cafe is still on at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's will be at 1030! See you then!
Who She Talking Bout?
i need sum #RA gear for the may 26th block party.i gotta rep need that gear moe
Nice try
Second row, perfect view, couldnt get any better! concert hell yeah
Dan Patrick and WGN baseball folks discussing famous Ohio U alums during Cubs broadcast. Good stuff. Yeah, I'm actually watching baseball.
#1DFAMILY is amazing. Happy I can help tren #goodluckjohn from here in the states
Sitting in our car while it got backed into full speed ahead yesterday = back pain today. Had my back issues under control, now not so much!
I love LA in the rain -- especially when I'm watching it from my living room window. Yay, LA Marathoners!
Attn: I'm selling my Classic HipHop Cassettes! Stay tuned for a list...
Sour patches it is <3
Best. Car. Chase. Ever.
The Graduate Camp may be attended by students of G-1 level and up
IDGAF N I TLD YOU THAT WASNT ME THAT BUMPED YOU IT WAS
The trouble with tuna
Upon further reading, it appears srcset forces you to use only the equivalent of min-width, where picture allows more flexibility.
And excellent commentary from John Warner #bibliorace in that Tournament of Books discussion today.
I wish there was a mcdonalds and chopt near my work
Yes, they have since forever. (: I want to reply a lot, but I never have the chance!
Tweets from all over coming in about on - North Carolina, Nevada, Ontario, Indiana? Are you watching?
50s week at jazz class
This shit is chess it ain't checkers
I think you're a Hipster so you would try and go with the uncool pick...
Still need a corsage & boutonniere for #prom? We have everything you need--check us out!
thanks for following me :)!
Amen to that !RT : Life is too good to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
Thanks!!! I'm doing his work. In many ways we all are :) Will keep you in prayer as well.
Stupid kidney infection is killing me AND making me miss out on the party
Pulling off an all nighter makes me feel like I'm finally back in school mode. I was slakin for a sec ther
#rocpeepslunch having lunch somewhere today?
Well that was an interesting trip through airport security. Wondered why I had all the tech I was carrying to #PILGF. Very funny.
Got 2 Chainz, 1 Ring. A microwave, that don't ding. American Idol, but I don't sing, Yo main girl on my DINGALINGGG!
I know right!
on that home stretch brotha. Still gotta grab those tacos with you & Maybe next wk Thur?
Ha, thats what heels were made for. :-)/ RT : / also Slimmer in Black. RT : What about taller?
Who's going where in College #Football? WWW.ussportspages.com
Just saw a guy unintentionally cosplaying as Joss Wheedon
are u still singing
Just found out that a raisin is a dried grape.
Happy Mother's Day to !
Nice job, Jay!
So much plaid.
Haha he already sent flowers
just listened to the new HS album. sounds amazing brother! hope you're well!
Cute travel journal
Ahh the moment I realize I left my coffee sitting on my countertop has finally arrived.
I miss you too <3
I'm stuck in QBO and would love to hear about alternatives.
Glad to see the sunshine today!!!!
Thank god that mother fucker called me. Would have killed a dumb bitch
I went to hootsuite. The redesigned Tweetdeck was annoying me.
RT The Cardinals are turning into the Detroit Pistons circa 1989 with LaRussa playing the role of Chuck Daly.
Live life to the fullest. Laugh even when no one's watching. Love like there's no tomorrow.
Don't ask,what is the point of the book? Ask, If you really want to know if readers got the point of this book, what question would you ask?
send in the essay! DO IT!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand
What time does the fight start ?
that is classic. I'm sharing that with my son
Last Dance for romance to night! I need you beside me... RIP
Ugh school....
Teleport to me 🚥🚀
“: wait till the end. Oh Damn!” Man now I'm nervous!!!!!! Lol
good morning tweeps!!! Tough one last night for the #brewers... SportsRadio
Community managers are typically young but it is important that they have the confidence to speak to the c suite
BeeZ iN ThE TraP
I wont forget
froze his ah
if cal could protect the ball and minimize the penalties they could pull this thing out... wait, isnt that the case 4 any football game?
Thanks for the mention, fellow texan
Thanks to new followers: , , and !
awesome photos dude!
Just saw at , no missing that voice.
whoa WHOA I draw the line at foolie you need to watch it before I hand you a ass whoopin in sc4
why don't I talk to you?
More details about the Librotraficante event will be announced. Stay tuned!
Communion party
Help us get to a 1000 likes! Share our page, tell your friends, post vids! Anyway it be it would be much appreciated! :)
With Marquette and Wisconsin playing tonight, the Bradley Center has to be empty.
I realize now how she is like the others; cold and distant.
#slskey is trending in DC. The second time an #sls12 event has trended in DC today (and this is only the second event)
Wondering where all the female electrical engineers are...
Im trying to eat good....fatty huh lol
ARE YOU ROLLING NOW KENNETH??? IM Hyped too! At Johnny's and gonna get this client!
So is at Disney world...lucky
“It is not unusual....when everything is beautiful. It is just another ordinary miracle, today.” ~Sarah McLachlan
goodness gracious..... i need to finish this fourth species hw and go to bed. also Catching Fire is completely mad. so many
Make it a U St night. Come party with DJ Beach at Chi Cha
This is what I get for listening to Drake all day -.-
Did you see the Brooklyn Nets launched their new logo/colors? Looks like a poor man's Oakland Raiders, if that is even possible.
“: fantastic time hosting Gala. Thx to , Coach Harbaugh & everyone 4 support!”
ILS = Integrated Library System, I believe.
Where can I watch the Aggies play online ?
Dear girl in this photo, #FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR #fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
IT'S TIME TO TAKE OVER THE AIRWAVES AGAIN BROTHER!!!!
Intel commercials are so good!
thanks dude!
Oh Laughing Fox, you make me smile.
tomorrow will be louder no matter how many kids show up!
Welcome to Twitter !
Tell me that's not actually your uncle. If it is, I'm insanely jealous.
Ok it's too hot☀going back in I'm already blk
I've got a very "parasocial" website concept I would love to share with you... :)
Same to you brother!
Traveling in Britain today. Tate Britain has some great Pre-Raaphaelite paintings.
but señor griffin, the land...she gives nothing! there's no sunlight!
dude, ur schtuff just keeps getting better. What r u smokin to come up w/such genius lyrical musings?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen takes a picture of ur boob.
Ah, that was this weekend! Safe travels :)
Gonna take me a long ass nap !
why does everyone feel the need to be loud as fuck whenever I take a nap?
Always something interesting on pinterest
Happy Spring on behalf of the Oriental Institute! And to all those returning from break, welcome back!
true! are u still mad at ur mom 4 that? And aren't you wearing 3 Izods in that avi of yours?
Oh.. now that is cool! We love all the different programs you can sign up for this Spring & Summer!
Mind=blown RT : Who knew there was an #acappella Deadmau5 cover?
...Gloria Alred are you out there?You could mentor an entire law school group of pissed off females! We to win the future
Shout out to new followers
I really, really, really, really don't want to get up.
Co-sign. RT : Very ashamed of North Carolina today.
thanks for the RT! (Those diagrams took longer than they should have.)
hey fisa its ya boy gee
2 i am chatting with actor Rich Cashin - tv - stage and film star RT : what's the topic tomorrow?
same here bro! :-)
Wanna wear flip flops so bad but I can't<<<<<
": Are U planning on coming to our Stop the War on Women event on Tuesday from 12-2 on College Green? You don't want to miss out!"
#ConfessionNight I blame myself for the loss tonight
If you watch it again, pay attention to what he (in Tyler's body) says to Caroline before he yells at her to run away.
Where is tony Allen ???
RT : RT : RT : #np "your my baby" and •still playing even now
what up cuz
Love is the best medicine, and there is more than enough to go around once you open your heart.
i am excited to hear about your geeking out on urban roof farming
I would love to see you tomorrow, i will be on campus around 11ish, then i am free after 4
Love&Basketball and Poetic Justice >>>> Favorite movies of all time
My sister is doing a 3mile mud run, and there's an 90's cover band called Mystery Stain.
and its all my fault... Sorry./:
Awesome. I had the Rwanda Cup of Excellence from Public Domain ... last bit of my coffee stash from SCAA.
I could almost accuse you of trying too hard :)
oh, they do.
Yay!!! Just got cast in a new project, "Through the eyes of the storms".
Doh! Accidentally took my work earbuds home and then left them there. How am I supposed to get anything done?!
Already going on here in KY! So Instagram ignited a whole new "My phone OS is better than your phone OS" debate? Greeeeaaaattt...
That was a Great Story written about C Greg Oden for "Grantland" on the Web! I hope he can resume his Career somewhere.
chillin at home
...Yup! Its another 1 of "those" kinda nights
I am a #mets fan, I know all about saying "wait till next year!"
katie actually made sense for once......
Every time I watch a documentary about Nirvana it just makes me sick there's NOTHING like them for kids these days.
this dude going back to college it's a lot to explain I'm too lazy for all that
Great time at
u cant get shit if u dont want shit
Its the end of the world... its now beginning ;) RT : The lights are flickering ....
Don't do anything in life halfway: love with everything, work your ass off, and fight like hell for what u believe in or there's no point.
LETS GO HAWKS!
RT : ...with ppl passing all around you...at any time...enjoy ur life...savor the love from others...become transparent to hate
Twitter > Facebook
Yay... Mendez presents a more conventional definion of "Open Source"
Don't take your independence for granted. Helping others achieve that is the best part of my job - Jennifer Vigran CEO
Sushi time <3
What's up people.
Go Kick ass at Aussie Olympic Trials!
Have any of you used in the classroom? What did you think? I'm thinking of adopting it.
Being heartless causes less pain for the heart because you use it less.
Day 30: pleasure in production! such joyful generativity! to be so seen & heard!--it is why I will
I'm so grateful for everyone who has been there for me throughout my college career
i think i've been invited but i can't see anything!!
Lost Dog Alert! Have you seen Rock? He has been missing from the Little Flower area for a week. He is a 10-month old Min-Pin....
damn...i can not believe he just did that....-_-
I just watch u blow $2000 on rental cars in 3 weeks..u got some nerve askin me for a ride..lol bitch im in africa
Hanging out with Ben Franklin at LifeScience Alley. Stop and get a shock at booth 215!
#toomuchdoubt this isn't right and something needs to change. life should not end over so little evidence
I hate when there is nothing on tv.
im a guy. -____-
I have one installed. It works on most things, but for whatever reason it doesn't block video ads. Might try to make it work, tho
I was so freaking suprised watching theses people sky dive ... Then when it got closer it was a big bird lol ..
I have a proposition for you. And an idea comes with it.
Friends how many of us have them friends.
Relaxed and crazy day
what kind of sunglasses was Eddie wearing in the Vegas limo ride?
Show this Thursday at Fifty Brews!
Man my mom and my cuz like okc they got to go home
Happy new year, east coast!
Sorry for the low audio.
good to know. thanks for the suggestion.
Finally the officials can see correctly!
Touchdown Gates!
The bs is for the birds
Mikey Adams from WEEI will be an honorary guest at a Metrowest Colonials home 2012 home game and will perform the opening coin flip.
I can barely remember the face, it's been so long since it's been seen round these parts.
Can you two just date already?
I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM MAN DEM, I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM, SUGA SUGA SUGAAA
most ppl call it a flice water instead of fly swatter haha
Getting Ready for the Arts n Soul festival here in Oakland. I hv a booth. Stop by folks.
Wow! What a shot
LOL your mom makes you straighten her hair?! Omg, that makes my whole entired life Zerran. :']
CD jackets printing include the size and color of CD covers.
Made a male coworker blush today just by being myself. My work here is done.
Life is a bitch and a slut... It's easy
A great show idea.. do a mini-series based upon Snowcrash, with the CGI that is out there today that would be amazing.
Got your wish mark.
I'm a intern + Philly local. Would love to chat tonight at #foss4gna re: Philly geo and job ops! cc/
thanks Ryan, I may take you up on that
- Drop off an Easter basket for a child in need! would love your support!
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Billie & Lester.... as in Holiday & Young.
Ole duck duck goose lookin ass nigga
that's really horrible. i'm so sorry. at least your friend ryan got through it okay though--
Me too! I know a great spot! No time and no partner when I have the time!
Emotional Energy=Do what u love, people u like, get a coach, mentor, quality time w special people
Just saw my cousins today at best buy, walking around in my old hood.
omg. Could you DM him for me? Any chance I get, I will take :D
haha thats my moms favorite show too!!! We are seeing the movie for mother's day!
It's funny that Puma just jumped the Mr. Lube sign because he thinks he just got...
vCOps is righteously cool. Thanks
Hey , reading is fundamental needs 25 million. Spare some change?
well then get back here ;-)
are you booked for New Years?
Heck, wanna start with a bang, #Toonami? Let your first movie be HUGE, like Evangelion 1.11, Gurren Lagann, or maybe...Red Line?
The cool thing about homeschooling is that you can work on weekends to get ahead:)
too cute...you're a poster for daughters and fatherhood
Thanks so much!!!!
What a Giants v Eagles game last night! Kept me up late
So that's where you are.
Hey check out our FB page for updates on more screenings and theatrical roll out. We want everyone to see it!
And they understand my baby Adam and I can't be away from eachother too long <3 Haha
Thanks! I can make ANY phrase in ANY color/pattern!
Earie to hear that song sung for Whitney #RIPWhitney #Grammys just chilling
was skippin school yesterday
I Cried When I watched Never Say Never
Ru still on flyers beat?
because when your gay or anything other then straight you get treated like shit, by almost everyone. Great Right?
holy shit, is github really down? Looks like main domain is down, but subdomains are okay.
Gotta take time to occupy your own health, physically and emotionally, friend.
m snickers!
' funny I have the same wish list except for that last one ;).
Q : What do you wanna be when you'll grow up ? A : Comedian/actor
Can you please stop that
Did you know that we send out passwords for FREE COVER via text? To sign up, text "ENVY" to 46786!
yeh. i'm home. no stars tonight, eh chicago? will *miss* that #wisconsinsky hm!
Yes, You should!(:
How can you miss something you never had,,,,,,,, why tell a lie if you owe me nothing.
look forward to seeing you at #SXSW!
My dog just perked up her ears to figure out the loud sound that startled her awake. The culprit? My mom. Ha! You've been out-snored puppy.
I think the lord everyday for what I have.
Woot!! Keep going!!! RT : Passed the 49k mark! I'm so close, I almost can't believe it.
Competition raises the 'barre' - Langley AdvanceNews
tomorrow night??
Epic North Shore weekend continues: found a trove of black morels while hiking! Dining on noodles with browned butter morels and parmesan.
let me know if want me to review any of it. I'm on the SD not SF board but I'm sure my feedback won't hurt.
have some photos from the press area from the show in Columbia Missouri at the Blue Note if you guys want them
Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking head-to-toe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street.
leftover pho for lunch to get me through some Community Preparedness Day wrap-up and hopefully #mlanet12 scheduling!
Have you legal documents served by a Registered Process Server in Sacramento, 916-509-0677
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY:1884's Horse Act; Treas Sec issues rules for attys & agents- precursor of today's tax preparer registration.
is she here??? Is she here????
Totally WTF, but I can't say I'm surprised.
Hey chula nice to see you lastnight
omfg people are creepy, they found where nialls aunt lives.
#Random. But I really want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
#StudyAbroad students! Don't forget to call your moms and greet them a #HappyMothersDay!
Work is BUSY! Don't know about the on-air thing..! How have you been?
No!!! You d-bags! Grand slamming dicks!
Two rare North American #wolverines confirmed in #Eagle Cap Wilderness. One trapped but released unharmed near
justin hey!!how are you?i love u so much :)))))plsssssssssssss follow me back :)
Color me disappointed when i found out that the movie cabin on the woods wasnt the sequel to broke back mountain...
I just walked out of Raley's with two brown bags. One in each hand. Classy.
Check your bank accounts! Visa, MasterCard warn of 'massive' security breach, may involve more than 10 million cards.
but we friends, you know i'm in a situation
#4famouswords we need to talk
I'm very proud of you keep waking up the world with your music, and your welcome :)
“: Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me. #drMM #fb”/ your words about me ...reveal your own inner self..projection
Attend this free webinar to learn how to show the value of social media to your boss and how to implement it for your business
any successful investment seeds greater output than the seed. Hopefully multiplicative if it provides base principles
You can only be betrayed by someone you trust, stop placing all of yourself/all that you have in people (humans) GOD wants all the glory!
Please welcome Detra20nmy to the Max life
Awesome! My heros!
glad you like them! Have a blast, we wish we could have been there this year! Thank you for including us!
oopsies it was me :P
Haircuts? DOUBLE ZERO !!!!
You're right!
The only way I'm going to pass this test is if I eat it first.
Hey:) if you like metal you should give us a listen! Thanks! reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
for wat? im not trying to impress u ;)
and would make great adds to the tour!
all I no is you babe! Nomore 3sums nomore just you! I'm back no parole! Why u didn't come to my trial! Why u change ur #!
did the budget pass?
Awh!!! Thanks baby(: but I'm about to call you then go to sleep but I like you!!!
Did you celebrate national margarita day yesterday? Did you know you can make a margarita with beer?
lol gonna hop off go to store then doc.'s. will return w/verdict. lol
Sometimes in playoffs, lack of mistakes = winning. I think that's gonna happen in #mgt413caw. Fate may rest w judges 24% though. I have 76%.
i like that name(;! My names is jeanay but i dont like it :/
Through a strange quirk of fate, I will actually be attending #GoogleIO this year!
heading to Atlantic City for the week !!!!!!
how did u get jb to follow u
Trying to find a salesperson in Louisville any ideas
Life isn't about the score, it's about the players. It's never too late - remember that with time - love conquers & heals all. Amen?
My Friday thought ..."Sugar in the morning, Sugar in the evening. Sugar just makes me smile, but make sure you don't over do it!
40 dudes, a bus full of beer and a rugby tourney in St Louis...sounds like the perfect weekend to me!
Brodeur is amazing.
Mexicans do love swimming. haha
Well, this day is off to a great start...
Sounds like something my husband does. :-)
that was creepy. did not like it. could not remember which piece of elementary school disaster training i was supposed to follow.
just planned a bunch of great events! can't wait to drink beer with ya'll.
Working on a film being shot with the #Sony #F65, the team is inventing the workflow as they go, so amazing!
wat time does on snl come on?
Whoa, I have a rotisserie new in the box! The presents I find when packing to move are wonderful!
Everyone's middle name should start with the same last two letters of their first name. e.g. Marco Colin. Matthew Ewing. Erik Ikea.
You should have prefaced your question with "When you were Speaker you aggressively went after Pres. Clinton (Lewinsky issue)"
Thank you and u as well my friend. ; ^ )
2 Songs! New Layout! Preorders! All of this comes out Friday! Tell everyone!
well they better call for full 200 lap not halfway
Cute boy bands by day, hot rappers by night.
Woohoo! On my way for basketball, damn it's been a long while! Gonna play to my heart's content today!! Hope the weather's gonna be good! :D
I could have easily spun that into a dirty joke, but I'm just going to say "thank you", like a lady.... ;)
whoa that's a tech foul on u Jamele.
Happy Friday! Let's make it a safe day--don't forget to arm your system before you leave home.
Who saw that drew Peterson movie, he killed his xwife and his wife
Had the brilliant idea that taking a back road instead of hwy would be quicker. I think I might be a real blonde.
My dog has been barking all morning omFG STOP
Go #USA #USWNT vs France in Germany!
REALTORS®: If you could have either a kick-ass blog driving lead traffic OR paid Zillow leads, which would you prefer?
It was great getting the chance to work with you. I hope to get another chance to do so in the future.
PDF to Word conversions; spreadsheet editing and formatting; editing and animation of slide presentations.
I got u slim, im bout to email it to u...
you are awesome!
I wouldn't sell today. I still have several goals to accomplish.
yeah my teacher was annoying -.- he gave me a detention for talking and I never even spoke in that class
& any case law you can point 2 4 making a business case in favor of open access? need to free conference proceedings
Purdue's D2C2: Solutions to curation issues from organizing to facilitating access to research data in complex environments
Oh its on!!! Latin Night!!!
I finally joined the cult of NARS Cosmetics Orgasm Blush. It is pretty awesome. What's your go-to beauty product?
that's cool (:
That is some good #typeface history, Did you watch that vimeo video. It was cool but I am not sure if I understood it.
this whole where words come from conversation fascinates me :-)
Makes more sense now. Hang in there.
Harry likes cats. Just in case you forgot.
Funny, weird or funny, haha? Funny, haha:
Thanks for the RT. Happy to see you on Pinterest! ;)
who's your favorite singer?
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^
The blog poem I just wrote has elements of your little three word poem.
I'm not right now -- moved from Boston and need to set up a new box when in settled in California!
What are the odds that in 2.5 weeks, we'd see a 6 overtime game in basketball and a 7 overtime game in lacrosse?
Kim Delaney discusses disastrous Liberty Medal speech Kim Delaney calls her shambolic appearance just the end of a "bad week."
I'd love that, but I'm not entirely sure when I'll be able to get out from Boston
Problem Child
Steve from #SATC was on #LawAndOrderSVU tonight.
yea men its a diff game then the out door game. Everybody can't play in this leauge. But w most next game
Lost opportunity: In #Mizzou's main bookstore. They're selling no merchandise related to the new uniforms.
Todays episode is about sneakers??.
well Hollande won the first round, pas de surprise.
beautiful new images!
“: I think I'm going to be deaf after this weekend with our new speakers #earplugs” lol
I should've kissed you one last last time.
THIS! RT : There will be two more smokin hot ladies at concert in June. Get ready Chicago, is coming back!
The only stable thing in our world is change.
too far! I'll just give into walking and taking the stairs and picking things up by myself., shit I got winded just writing that
if everybody had an ocean across the USA, the continent would make no sense. c'mon beach boys, let's be practical here.
why are u surprised about that ?
hey! I'll be in ny in June :) just booked the bitter end
indeed, ideas are the least perfect of all things.
okay noted
Gallinari looks retarded
. is crashing our awards ceremony and giving out their own prize. It's cool, though. Check their feed for details.
That AWFUL moment when you're scrape has healed and now it itches like crazy. -__________-
It's st Patrick's Day... Where drank at lol
There. I have an icon now. Truly ready for launch.
Doc Rivers on KG: "He's making it so hard when he's off the floor. You're in a panic, right now. That's an area we have to improve."
I'm afraid come April I'll be leaving town for a lot longer than that. : / (I don't check this Twitter account much these days.)
Why is UNLV favored over the powerhouse San Diego Aztecs? Who knows? We live here and all we can say is we are pounding San Diego!!
Same arguments every game Lakers or Heat play. Michael Jordan was great. Kobe is great. Lebron is great. Why not let them all be great?!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she already performed with celine dion
Who wants to go see The Cranberries may 16th
Uh oh. #nobueno what's the scoop ? RT : Audio issues galore today.
THINK LIKE A MAN took the TOP SPOT at the box office this weekend..taking in $33 million - Congrats Steve H.
bro its too early for this lmao
Daddy & I just got back from running some errands.
Ye I have green hair, an fucking wa?
I do i do
Both feet in bounds woohoo!
do u have a # I can hit u up @
Be sure to let us know what we can do for you when you actually are looking for your #newdigs. Staying in the #ROC?
that line in piano man about wearing a younger man's clothes? i know there's a deeper meaning but still weird man
reemerge? I never went anywhere.
question: how can we create "face-out shelving" for our ebooks?
Blaine, and his BROTHER on Glee singing Somebody That I Used To Know??? BEST episode ever.
NO! POLITICS! AT! THE! BAR!
Lol. I just listened to it today for the first time; hot!!
I love seeing little boys in relationships just days after they were trying to get with you..
