I have the swagger of a mountain lion.
Left a loaded handgun in my trunk went over a speed bump doing 40 and it missed fired. I dunno how I'll explain this one to the chief
Great, I'll test your "Arts: Join the Orgy" concept w my board next week: ) Seriously tho, thx 4 all u do 4 music & the
And I still don't understand how to make tumblr work but I like it!
Lowell, I'll treat you to a nice lunch at at Hummus Corner. Pee O e Rah pahpahpah. Seriously, anytime. I work in Bmore
Tell yo bitch to follow me!
possibly...i may be away that weekend for my bday.
Found out today that FB friend is reviewing my book for a magazine. We are not close,but feels weird.
One of the busiest in a long time. Loved the #HAWMC chat though!
No, I didn't get a chance to! Next time, though... next time.
sounds like a great plan!
Thank you for the #FF! :)
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach? Say 'Super Main Stage'!
Start flipping desks and tables.
RT : Drupalamp south carolina is a hit! my beginner sessions were crowded. Rock it out Doug!
Just when I thought I was fucd up. O realized we were all fucked up.
#Broncos have Ryan Clady & Chris Kuper better than any Oline man on #Titans roster
I didn't say anything... so it wasn't awks! I walked passed her and I was Sorilyn's grandma! ?
wow! ;0)! RT : Stressed spelled backwards is dessert. Just sayin'.
A pleasure. Right back atcha!
wondering what became of the guy that was growing #coffee beans in
#smbmad Is that the religion of "Stayed up too late"? Or "Too slow on the RSS feed"?
Jan is almost in the books; there's still great tourneys locally, statewide, and the national to play. Find them at www.tournamentscoop.com
happy birthday man!
Heading to #SunlifeStadium for commercial shoot.
I know you're fine but what do I do? I know you're fine but what do I do?
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. -Booker T. Washington.
. Will you be singing the same tune next year when tools are done and the schools are facing the same issue MKE Co?
Wow, it's official...SAG-AFTRA merged today!!!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Let's get some Instagram action going! ;D
You Know You Were Going On There Girl (:
parents went out for they're anniversary & left money for chinese. :)
ever think about the fact that if you didn't turn down the Pacers you'd be in the playoffs?
Prepping for this mornings #carlsononthelaw show airing on at 11am. Up first...the barefoot bandit!
you got anything to help me sleep? Lol I don't want to be awake when the sun comes up
Idk if I'm ready for this!! But I have missed everyone! Kennywood here I come
I haven't needed a 4:30p coffee this badly for awhile. Thanks for your support
Got sick from too much cake and pizza yesterday. Gunna do it again Saturday.....
Julio jones, Santana Moss, and Dwayne Bowe. I need 2. Who ya got?
**3pm** Arsenal vs Newcastle United **3pm** Monday March 12
I'm Lamar Smith's Primary challenger, and as a PHP/AJAX developer, I understand the internet.
FACEBOOK DEAL Now thru Friday 13th $5.00 off when you spend $25.00, online and in our store! facebook/hectorshardware
I'm off AGAIN, fuck I need to work
Bullshit bullshit yeah I here u talking but I bet it hurt ur feelings when I kept on walking
Will be adding more merch for your CD bundle specials. Including your bands pic on silicone wristbands! South Texas choice for CDs & merch!
Happy International Women's day to all of the beautiful, strong, and independent women in our lives
wit must run in the family....
Time to eat
everyone needa chill with this Lil Wayne's cd stuff, Lil Wayne stupid af! #SMH!
Capitalism is like a child that never stops eating.
If ppl actually stopped by my house maybe they'd hear me speak Jamaican
Lucid Dreaming....
Can't believe it's almost February! What museum events are you looking forward to this month? Tell us!
once and for all, know WHO you are and start there...
LOL!!!! RT Attacking Obi-Wan when he had the higher ground cost me an arm and a leg.
lol its in a bowl, it's like 2 weeks worth if you take 1scoop a day
Seriously, You Guys– If You Are Going To Capitalize Every Word In A Sentence You Might As Well Just Carve A Swastika Into Your Forehead
The anger inside right now is so intense. I just wanna Kamahamaha everything right now.
Can I just say that "3 days" seriously turns me on I <3 u guys!
You don't know your beautiful ;)
Following because you say so!
Your #thevoice commentary is spot on! A round of #golfclaps for you. Done.
I'll pass. Mostly because I don't know any of you
I want to HUG THIS VIDEO!
Okay so six flags tomorrow !
we don't have a cover unless we reach max occupancy :-)
Happy Valentines Dy to all of the beautiful Ladies out there!!
You crack me up! Your list of post cupcake baking to-dos sounds just about exciting as my evening of cleaning and organizing!
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are. ~Ric Belda
asked 50 people randomly of they know what NDAA was and not one had hear of it. Some were world war 2 vets! Hidden laws!
hey mom.. you don't know everything..
Fans of - both lotteries just completed. LA foodies reservation notifications coming soon.
Every time we sit down to eat, we make a choice.... (cont)
RT : I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend [...] Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Idk if I'll be on today. It kind of drives me a little crazy that SM is holding a concert in LA for the third time.
damn i need a follow
Happy Record Store Day! Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
Would it be wrong if I beat until she stopped snoring?
For rizzle...ha ha best of luck to you! Thanks again for using ShowClix :) Enjoy the show!!
At least shes free for me now. Ill treat her anyway she wants to be treated! I wont even breathe the same air as any other lady lol
Will that be an issue for the players as it appears the majority of them are "communications" majors
Lmao RT ": I'm not saying she's a slut, but the bitch has been on more wieners than Heinz Ketchup."
Secretary of State Seward seemed sheepish. He had allowed the rebels to believe otherwise in the name of pacification.
Wish I coulda met you, too. Would be glad to learn more about your work, as we do more digital scholarship support in library.
yall did really good c:
Featured Beers this week: Summer Lager, Horny Toad Cerveza, Spring IPA.
Hottie on the subway smells like some damn good fried chicken. Good shit, don't come thru.
Discuss RT : At this point, I'd say, sure, there are nations positioned to create the future. You're probably not living in one.
Stay living la vida grime
At REBarCampWI first bar camp in WI #rebcwi so excited
I am from Germany :) But i want to improve my english :) Where a u from?
Exciting weekend coming up
Mario: He's an Italian plumber created by Japanese people,who speaks English and looks Mexican,jumps like a black man&grabs coins like a Jew
lol Right? super lame, stupid finals! Nope, I'm graduating on the 19th so no summer classes for me..thank god haha..how about u?
Well, I've spent the past 14 hours here in this chair reviewing to the point where my brain hurts and everything is running together..
sounds like they need it
So...I sprained my ankle in softball again....great...I am well on my way to permanent cankles...AWESOME!!!
. I say #BoycottRush sn't near enough. Lying private #ClearChannels shameless propaganda in general, must go!!
Vote, y'all, please
Thats tight! Post a picture!
and some of the data quality is lacking (at least in property tax data)
Spoke with DeSpain and Chief Wray, they said around 70 arrests so far..."Best behavior we've seen in 3 years"
im off 2
I finally got a Twitter acount!!!
no problem. i have friends who spent some time there and they spoke of unconscionable conditions. glad to see it's being reported
I'm so excited for the weekend that I haven't gotten any sleep!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-39 NB MM 134. SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER. NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
Solar costs lower than coal kids. It's real. (paraphrasing) :) rfk jr.
Currently listening to: myfriendmike - I Want to Be
I'll be sure to let you know how many holes it takes before I mother F these clubs. Over/Under 2.5
need anything?
I want to be your man
Love it!
American Burger Works brings a new twist to the classic burger and fries combo to the Excalibur Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip!
I believe it replaced a hemi in a diesel truck.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Ralph Waldo Emerson via
S/O to for playing Fall Out Boy "Sugar we're going down"
I want to reprint that verbatim for my next column.
really...people still believe in that... so 90s when AOL was in
was my mom's b-day we spent the rest of the day shopping, celebrating her b-day, and we both listened to that cd pretty
Reason number 1,000 we can't take Mario in public. He just loudly exclaimed that fried oysters taste like congealed jizz.
released "Lay it down" on video. Check it out
Hey you got your COWBOY HAT! Congrats man. Great race.
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your books!
New Place for me to Yap sports. Hope you like!
Hit my phone.
I can do next week M,T or Wed.
Charge it to the game I bill myself
Good morning! "All art requires courage"-Anne Tucker
I kinda wanna curl my hair, but I always get bored halfway through.
Wow, another birthday among the tweeps! Happy, happy, Roger!
To all the comentarors suck it bitches .
I don't remember tho must have been a min ago like last yr lol
Old reruns of Top Model and Thai noodles?
Talkin about dissecting in homeroom
I can't wait! I'm not so excited about icarly cus I don't like the show I'm only watching it for u guys but Im excited for SNL
It's the episode on #ABDC. Who's taking a study break at 10?
i've been gone for a minute. neglecting my twitter. i'm back baby.
I would love to but we have to have plans!!
BFF what's up!
GOOD LUCK! I voted for you!
dude thanks so much...I'll be by soon to say hello.
Thanks for following back :)
My Journey = Comfortinprayer.wordpress.com - My message about the end of day's = Lyft.us
If I had a band I would call it Me First and the GimmeGimmes.
So many things! How are you? :) RT : what's good?!?
girl, heard you're getting your belly pierced. so kayoootieee bb ~~~ getting mine next week, post a pic (:
Happy Mother's Day to all wonderful mothers out there. To the bad moms, stay out of the headlines.
I've making algebra problems to test my tutee. Needless to say, I won't be writing any textbooks any time soon. Not algebra anyway.
There is entirely too much good TV on Sunday night. Spread it around networks.
Didn't see this. How does it play a role in your life?
Even my team leads are helping since they haven't hired any new people to help with all these extra boxes.
I've been on a serious Beck kick. I spent yesterday and today listening to Mellow Gold up through Sea Change. Some great albums for sure.
No doubt!!! Once u r 1 One of the main things u preach offensively is shot selection...
Hate missing shows! Kill it tonight love!
Go back to work tomorrow!
RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!<---Hope so too but highly doubtful. This is unreal!
Yeah, just liver so far. I've got a beef heart in the freezer, though. Just gotta decide what to do with that beast.
you've been good to me phone, even when i left you in a cab in chicago... but i can't put up with your bs anymore.
Heh. No, apparently someone else did. ;)
i remember when you said you loved me to Pluto and back haha i told you i loved you to Plutos moon and back, you said Pluto had no moon.
Working and listening to #TheDecemberists "The King is Dead." Great album! Yes, I still call music floating in my IPhone Cloud "albums."
Honestly, I don't think most voters are swayed by facts anymore. Just do what TV tells ya. And it's complicated/boring subj.
nothing in life is going to feel right until i get this one thing it gives me life something to look forward to
Working at the library on a snowy Sunday.
Ellie's on crack. I do follow you.
it's official i'm exhausted
the blog is great--just discovered it...
I go thru the same . I have some unruly ones now. Thinking of small trim. I like bangs, they hide my forehead lines. ;-) lol
nope not telling...
Today's going to be a fun day. Get to go through a massive casting binder of people in bathing suits.
WHY WHY WHY WHY
birchmere august can't wait
Congrats! That's wonderful news.
lol Naa what did he say ?
No I do not want you to drive me, I'm going out to get AWAY from you.
spending some quality time with Benicio
Feels stupid. And contagious
I love him, he just disappeared
;n; BBY LOVE ME
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
LMAO We have no food in our apartment but we do have 12 bottles of wine and champagne
RT : Beautiful out Come by the Hogpen and get a tattoo and text your fav food at the fair to 49330.
Hoping for a great game, too. Good luck to your Swans. Just not too much luck.
I'm Good
Is this right? Blue Ivy was named after Jay Z's Blueprint albums and Beyonce's 4 (IV in Roman Numerals)?
You a thug now
But if you're going to use the word 'drug' in that manner, then you can throw coffee in that category.
thx :) how u been?
thanks to all the peeps following!! much love.
White people sports are violent.
Upcoming performances for the following two weeks will be announced shortly. Stay tuned!
We never say HAPPY BIRTHDAY THAILAND bcuz we don't have independence day TT.
Going to should be an Olympic sport.
Be safe. My prayers are with you.
Yup time for the whale special on MPTV. Go channel 36!
hot damn 😜
“: Awesome! I worked out of 's office.” Say what?? Your second day is your last?
oh nice, lemme knw how it goes!
The odds for best actress are between Meryl and Viola: I choose Michelle Williams.
Epic night with and w/crew
PS. I didn't mention... They serve coffee and bacon.
Do you have any photos of Barry Larkin from the 1984 Olympic squad?
Whoever is going to the #Phillies game tonight, hit me up. I'm sitting in Section 140
ok what sweetie are you texting? I know nothing of this...nothing!!!! tell me tell me TELL ME
If there was only a way that both Nashville and Detroit could lose...
RT Off to the Victory Fund champagne brunch to celebrate our future elected leaders! Thanks for your leadership!
Twitter is a great way to connect to people but also to find information about events (earthquakes)
You're entitled to your opinion bro...
people are dumb, just ignore them, you know what you did & it doesn't matter what other people think!
i know, we went 2 chinatown today and bought a turtle. now our turtle have swag. (:
Bus touring Lake Louie Grumpy Troll brewpub and this Sat. brewer is Guest Hosting!
My outfit today, well i loved it.! Tahaa :)
Up early & in the gym watching Hoping he can build off the good things I hears last night.
late night jammin in the studio drawing away smoking doobs!
watching the Chicago 10 with brothers and sisters at #OccupyChi. blown away...
Thanks for being at 's #indiebookbuzz, !
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you x
I want her do damn bad but she wants someone else. That hurts.
Usually I don't get head aches
thank you
to beat #Celtics is critical and so is Jrue. Backcourt needs to come together on creating transition game.
Thanks Jeff! The recipe didn't work, but some white china, add'l coconut milk and agave did. :)
RT : -->> Are you in? -->> Just made my gift to Fdn for today's #GiveBIG at !
yeah that number I texted you from is my new number
i wonder if isabel can see me stalkin her & if she is readin this tweet lol (:
Good night, sleep tight, Don’t let the bedbugs bite. And if they do, get an exterminator.
Getting Ready For 2010!
Twitter randomly unfollowed some people this morning. I don't know who. Now I can follow 8 more people though, so... good?
I'd estimate 800. Thanks, man!
Hey #Astros fans, still excited about the signing of Jack Cust. I mean all he's done so far this spring is go 0-for-14 with four strikeouts!
Talking school leadership with Larry Rosenstock in San Diego
In Need Of Swishers!!
Daves cosmic subs :) 👍
I mean they say ppl speak the truth when they're drunk so I'm sure the part about wanting you back was true
thanks...we are getting a new bishop down in San Diego, maybe he'll bring some more tradition...
Thanks but to late :(
#WaysToGetShot coming home pregnant
11/23/2010 MHT Startup Adviser: Go ahead, start a startup Mass High Tech
It seems there's hot weather everywhere but Seattle, where we've got cooler than normal weather...
A BIG thanks to Hazel Miller for coming out to Applebee’s today! We really appreciate her sharing the gift of music with America’s heroes!
"For born unto you this day in the City of David is a Savior who is Christ the Lord." -Luke 2:11
Off to Tulare tomorrow to play a conference with and as well as Terry Richmond and Mindy Gomes. Can't wait!!
Marinas on the square is good - so is Chop House and Bonefish but you have it in Franklin
Who needs a $20 pen? A woman trying for her Hollywood idol’s autograph w/o one. Sell right thing to right people and can name your price.
Jesus Buddha Allah please let this happen RT : Charles Barkley must call Knicks-Bobcats
so which one of u guys is fake?? Or both?? Or neither??
hahaha hats what I like to hear!! You would be seeing more soon
remember I dnt have my car
And repeating. RT : It's something we've been saying for years, but these things need boiling down to soundbites sometimes.
RT : Merger of / provides "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity" to change journalism.
If anyone would like to know, Apple headphones can withstand being run through the washer and dryer.
you should read the full Tumblr blog from the start. Very funny.
Another great day at "the next level" did the web and a hypnosis session.
Why do I miss you, when I'm barely getting to know you?
hide in the bathroom for a moment. It may be the only way to get temporary freedom.
Hey grads & friends of grads: want to add your photos of the festivities to our FB page? email me: .edu
Wat Im Watch Now !
Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to analyze our data
I've watched the first two episodes of Touch, and it's fantastic! Gotta love Kiefer saving people on a deadline ;)
Yea I seen that shit! I feel it thou
Does your web site need a spring cleaning? How about a fresh new re-design for the new season. Email for info.
what is the best meat & 3 in Nashville in your opinion?
Brilliant concept but what about injustice & standing up against things that are wrong?
The crew is suiting up and heading into the orbiter for the final liftoff of Endeavour to take place at 7:56am CDT or 8:56am EDT!!!
yes maria?
Designing some really super cool Chicago skyline invitations today. They are quite fancy pantsy. Photos soon...
HI, I am back.....If you are thinking about doing some ebooks please go here: www.bluebooksell.com
28 player piano for $2 each at our Gaithersburg Store
You are fooling on the radio...I'm dying
#TOURS Watain Announce U.S. Tour Dates
You will, Reggie. Can't win 'em all, but you always give your best effort!
Thanks for letting us know!
Doc Rivers: "It was a very similar situation as to what they had the last game."
Heading to the All Hands Meeting!
In that mood where every little thing annoys me -.-t
The Ghosts of Flatbush. The Dodgers bond with Brooklyn will never be matched. And their move to LA changed MLB forever
OUR MURPH IS ENGAGED!!! Aw love! Love! Love! And then there will be baby Murphs!!!!!
no but it's about a certain dumb ass in our 8th period :/
We still have our old WordPress site up & the new #Drupal site up so perhaps you saw the old one? cc: /
When I'm with you . I can't stop smiling
Mini heart attack. Coat racks look too much like murderers in the dark.
lol yeah I think most have them winning. I just don't want them to cuz I will have to hear everyone in the state talking shit haha
stoked for saturday
thank u. Hope u and the family can make their bday next month. Oh and congratulations on baby girl again!!
oh no problem
I was just downtown looking for but she wasnt where I hoped she was :-(
#FF to who is graduating from U of M tomorrow w/ her MASTER'S degree!! So proud of u girl! :-) Hire her b4 someone else does!
I owe YOU an email! Hope you're feeling better. I can donate the copies to the hospital. :)
Whoa I missed a fight?!
dubai hotel jobs
they should call you Margarita Queen
Don't let your dreams stay dreams, make them become reality.
hell yeah haha
I'M STILL WAITING FOR SOMEBODY TO COME AND GET ME DAMN ..
glad to hear it! I'm not there yet :( starting the road trip on the 22nd. Are you going for work or pleasure?
#imagine Austin:I have a beautiful girlfriend. U:*jealous*Who is she? A:Why? Are you jealous? U:No. A:u're cute when u're jealous*kisses u*
wonders if other Writing Centers are closed during finals week. My philosophy is by finals week, it's too late to really help anyone.
I take back my congrats. Four square is dumb. But I still love you two!!
woo nice few little bits ordered online!
Rate our Youtube video for us. (Search) The Best Child Care in Oklahoma. via Entrepreneur School For Kids
bring your five to center court tonight and take on my five.
“: Mr. Maxon you're cool and all but the work you make us do is pointless bullshit 👊👊👊” remember when I was in your class!! 😃
so who has wordpress? I'm curious and new so let me add u on it or subscribe to u lol enlighten me!
": Footage of the back flip coming 30 minute after the loss." Make sure spots you.. Haha!
Student: wants to know why there is so much construction on campus.
Thanks so much!! That's quite a compliment!
I just want to know where the package is, nothing formal. I guess I will talk to you tomorrow when I file the claim.
Have to make something sweet now because Tara is rude and posted a pic of an insanely yummy looking cake.
No longer living in the city.
These little kids cutting me up screaming Hallelujah like we in church lmbo I can't stop laughing
congrats and good luck, hope you win and get a shot at Izzo!
Oooohhhh! You will have a blast! I would LOVE to hear her. Hit me up next time. We will travel to be her groupie! Hehe!
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!
Oh, I love it and can't wait to see them. (Last year it was tiny dot/circle patterns.) Did you join last year too?
When your peeing and there's several open urinals and that guy pees right next to you.
Thanks for the retweet! We have received some wonderful responses!
Sad. RT : When Newsweek gave 1,000 U.S. citizens the official citizenship test last year, 29% couldn't name the vice president.
we can be ratchet twins!
Ok I will keep trying. Thanks!
How about a t-shirt? message us your address
wow /cgl/ is super lame today. I need my daily dramu thread 8T
Why is this maid vacuuming at 845? Damn Iowa! Frontier days for the weekend.
I just saw that you are at Naz! I went to Geneseo!
Thanks for the RT!
The McDonald's All-American game will be Wednesday at 9:30pm, featuring Goodwin, Poythress, Muhammad and Bennett.
to tumblr or not to tumblr?? what is this tumblr you speak of?
she follow back ---> Follow her
Nice!! And happy Mothers Day weekend :)
i have it
Congratulations to Brianne Grant! You have won the Facebook iPad 2 drawing!
Eating Toast and Bacon! Yum Yum YUMMY :)
Get rid of that rule... You and daniel have real power to fix this... The idiot that made that rule got outplayed by words lol
yes indeed!
Shooting tomorrow for Discovery Channel show "FBI Criminal Pursuit", I am playing the detective for the re-enactment scenes
: Is the show sold out tonight?
Let's chat soon!
Kale Chips are so good!
There was no point of me working today. I could have gone to a party or something.
good morning and Happy Sunday! football and church...does it get any better?
Make sure to get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on cdbaby today!
I think you would make an excellent toll booth operator.
im sleepy
S/O To All The Females That Never Gave A Nigga A Chance. Guess It Was a Blessing In Disguise
Good morning everyone! Grab your coffee and then stop in for some fresh #flowers today
That class discussion when I don't say one word for 20 minutes....
RT Just a par for Tiger at 18, and that means unless a few guys on the course quit breathing, he's done for the week.
Making plans for next book signings and events.
I think I would like Miami better if I used hair gel and coke.
“: what do you have in 9.5 or 10” just sent out a few tweets
I.e., it's a way of flagging how a term or conceit has been evacuated of referential power.
Obvs you'll be a better judge than me, but it should be fine.
Walked home in rain. Showered and got ready to relax. But instead I have to get dressed and go back out. In the rain.
Can someone cook me something to eat? Thanks
*nods* yeep... Ive been sick a lot lately too. :/
Watched. Umm... I know you're not even trying to hear my commentary. So yeah, keep up the hustle. I always got you regardless!
Huge hit by Barney. #Cubs REALLY needed that!
Watching Seven Pounds...Way to intense..I'd better pay attention
Honored to be one of your favs!
how did you learn to do that bank shot around to the 8 ball?
welcome to dc!
I. LOVE. YOU.<3 Follow mee?please.):
I eat honey-dew melon....
Susan has officially lost her mind
Does anyone have any funny/horror stories from online dating sites? Let me know!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all that celebrate!!!
Good morning Twitter friends!
Please ignore any weird posts or messages .. My twitter was hacked ..
Empty gas tank leads to full road rage. Chateau asap. I can't miss Chelsea Lately.
As an #image consultant, I help you to identify and capture your unique qualities and give you tools to develop a signature style.
I don't know Fla. law, but in La. the diff. b/t 1st and 2nd has nothing to do with premeditation.
I'm not talking about people, I'm just stating the facts. Lol
Yeah, I dig on too
Since 2000, roughly 5 million families filed bankruptcy bc of a medical issue. In the US, someone files "medical bankruptcy" every 30 secs.
Come out tonight to club eclipse and see dj tyrone and your first drink is on him. Also come check out our new dancing format
sure ladies,tell me if ur done FOLLOW RIGHT NOW PLEASE?
Do you use frozen bananas?
no? i dont think anyone esle knows to?
Thanks for the follow! Happy to know ya.
That day is everyday. Haha. Duhh... :D
Watching the inside. Everyone's had their fill of sun today. Beautiful day in MKE!
RT : thank U! it's nice 2 meet U :) also, chi is perhaps 1 of my most favorite cities in the world<chi is awesome!
3 out of 10 NBA fans actually knew Grant Hill was still in the league.
I'm dining small at Hogan's Hideaway on Park Ave for Small Biz Saturday. RT to pledge where you're going to
Growing up the Beastie Boys taught white kids in the burbs what it meant to be cool and original. #ripmca hip hop will never be the same
How do you know Westbrook didn't pick it up from her?
“: can you still purchase tickets at the door?” yeah you can
Thanks for the RT! Do you agree with these rankings?
haha thanks ;D
First Saturday at
WHAT DAYS?!
Hahahaha, I think every worker does. I should try something different. #maybe 😃
Thank you Melissa!
NUBLU WEDNESDAY...... *BRASIL PARTY W CARLOS DARCI from BANDA BLACK RIO... *ZE LUIS QUARTET plays the early set.. *GREG CAZ spinns...
The Amazing Spider-Man is going to be so good. RT if you agree. -The Web Slinger
I feel overwhelmed. Too much is going on right now!
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening! RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition Conan is ON in t- 20
What would the overall effect of a relaxation of such restrictions be? Increase or lessen individual liberty?
YESS!!!! hahaha. That's what I like to hear! LOL!
Now that the big game is over, Valentine's day is just around the corner. So book your reservations in advance!
#Huguely jury gathers at 9am to begin deliberation. is your source for the latest!
There is a place, There is a place...
haha nice how is that going?
Sammy: My parents are sending me to camp.Tammy: Why? Do you need a vacation?Sammy: No. They do!
does they thing!!!!
me, i'm as friendly as they come. but i like you, my little quiet one.
Please give him hugs and kisses from me!
Switching back & forth between Clips game & UFC live. Don't mean to sound arrogant but if dude is submission artist, keep ya butt of the mat
Busy day. Two presentations, seven one2one meetings and bonus meeting with Then Cowboys Stadium tour.
Yeah, it's buzzing. And hammerschlagen!
I am old. When I saw #teamtroy I knew it had nothing to do with
at Reading Terminal Market browsing.....we love
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
Stupid people really make me sick!
Ubiquiti Networks Launches Worldwide Campaign to Protect Its Intellectual ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Try flicking the bean.
love you too!!
Having fun with and (:
Them bitches are shippin' wood Them nappy-headed hos but my kitchen good I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, a bitch would
I love how the teachers continue to act like we actually care..
#KNOPE2012 AH! Parks and Rec was BEAUTIFUL :')
I can feel myself growing up
Don't tell me you're going to copy haha not good haha jkjk
where's my snugglebunny????
can't blame dem rich arabs for showing off.Can tweet in midair?Hey we want to see pics of burj khalifa.Airwolf was a cool show.
I love your photography. Are you going to keep tweeting new pics?
Foreallthough im going to do shroomsor salvia before next year
- stayed home, partying with the neighbors. Less crowded.
Hot damn.
But I don't mind groupies & knowing the truth how people feel, live to achieve success and make money
Omg! Seriously irritated right now.
practice Saturday? And where?
how did you know?!
carry me
around 6 and he got hit by a car
#RIPMCA: You taught us how to bring people together from different worlds through art without compromising integrity. We will miss you.
also, thank you for the #FF, much appreciated! :)
Here we go again stop maken an ass of urself if that's all u got then ur nothin but a sideline bitch..... #back&forth
I've auditioned in Hollywood and at local NBC affiliate.
I am stupid bored
You're pretty awesome. Keep mentioning us and we might have to send you a free shirt. Email
All weekend long we've got your chance to win tickets! Your first chance is coming up at 1:10!
That nervous feeling you get when the doctor is about to stick a q tip thing in your mouth :(
come on... It's useful information!
makes the best chicken ever
Waking up every day and blasting dogs in the face so that when breakfast rolls around I have some veal on my plate.
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
Patriots! Watch on Fox Biz tomorrow as he supports manufacturing and V-S Industries, our family business! TY Mr. Cavuto & team!!
i meant to put haz so joke's on you sappy
My mom bought my dress without even my approval :'(
I really want the trip report of the verbal battle about to occur.
JT was always one of my favorites
I need to wear a "IM IT DAMNET!!" sign for #OOMF I do believe lmao
Season passes please!
I Change My Username! Went from XxHockeyChick19 to This one :)
I do not agree with your opinion, however i do admire your persistent dedication to your wrongness.
#TellHimYouLoveHim okay, okay! hi Jake(: I love you.
Good morning! Hope you had a great weekend. Want to buy a president's house? We'll tell you which one is for sale.
gets on the floor and start pouncin
gotta love those pocket dials....
so literal, I like it!
Haha! Chris and Rhiannon left before we played! YOU ARE CALLED OUT. I AM CALLING YOU OUT.
Sure is!
where's chrissie?
Wait a second... They're farming babies while the slaves are working!!
yea man im droppin another single tonight off the mix tape that will be dropping within the week check out my boys CuZzo too thx
Glad u enjoyed!! RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Lol ya. It's been awhile!!!!
I'm getting a lot of things done today that I never make time to do :)
Two new interviews for with Roberto Unger and Harry Lewis. Just in German for now, English coming soon!
Learning how to unlock and all this cuh cuh. I could make money off this.
How to explain to my #JW friend that the NT was influenced by Hellenism, both in Jewish apocalypse and the Greek philosophies. Not easy.
You too Hon!!
dude I think I saw you at the mall o_O was not sure tho on Saturday I think it was.
yes! Exactly what I was telling him. Next time we'll show him DC nightlife lol
Been sleep all day . #💤
The rarer I am criticized, the worse I take it.
You could hear a pin drop... talking about the first time he looked in the mirror in the hospital
#3WordsForYou Loving you hurts
oh lawd I wanna see this..lmao
My bed is calling....
Well i really only had one point for you, but sometimes i really like to share all three of my points. :)
Finally in the house and I'm sleepy..-__-
one of my favorite things to do is to drunkenly watch House Hunters International and yell at the television.
Welcome - you will love it!!!
We are packing up the van to head down to FOX8 for New Day Cleveland!
KEY:Which Evan Turner shows up? The one who dominated the #celtics in regular season,or the one who dragged #sixers down against CHI?
Operation intercourse
Happy Friday everyone - special shout out to the Ninjas! #slpeeps #ninjas (cc: )
I'm jealous...
ohh gee madd you hear this he is gonna make US cool? haa :p
Shit it would be better if mf can just jeep it 100 n stop bein on sum sneaky shit I woulda been cool smh fuck it den
Same here bro. But I have bad news for your biz (and ours)...they will lose 90+ games easy. #Ravens coming soon!
RT Broadway sensation opened yesterday at the at 8pm! It will run till June 10th! Don't miss it!
Hope he passed the ChaCha sim. :)
Thanks for the share of Community Works Journal!
I judge how long I’ve been lamposting by how many bums approach me and ask for money. MLINY
Hey that's a good thing
I hope with the proper care she will start to improve rapidly.
Most people usually have a hard time getting a hold of there kids, I have a hard time getting a hold of my parents.
I don't regret the past, I'm just ready for my future...
Morning, I'm exhausted & didn't sleep well. I need a massage, hot tub, and a long nap. Need to find a happy place today...
Somebody brought in a bag of mini Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. I love you and hate you at the same time. *wipes chocolate from chin*
RT : Today in 1969, Apollo 9 returned to Earth. This was the first-ever manned mission to Boise, Idaho.
ah Dave. You know him so well.
#nowplaying Make You Feel That Way – Blackalicious
Packing my shit #Orlando bound soon!
Is LeBron clutch?
But she buys me chips and cheese so I tell her she's all I need #EdSheeran#YUSoFunny?
Character is like a tree and reputation is like a shadow. A shadow is what we think of. A tree is what it really is.
Sure..also have Jack's & Crispin. If you haven't tried Jack's, its PA, no additives of any kind and tart. Apples only, 100 cal
Just snatched up CS..."Hip fashion, design passion & the best of Spring '10"...this is music to my ears!!
LOL.RT : I am so damn glad it Friday I can rest the hold weekend
Agreed RT Thanks for following. Homelessness- not just without physical shelter, but emotionally without shelter too.
Cater2.me's Wednesday word: Gravlax (Pronounced GRAHV-lahks) - Raw salmon cured in a salt-sugar-dill mixture.
Over lunch, put money down on a shiny new (rebuilt) Schwinn Le Tour (originally built in Japan) from Two Wheels in Uptown.
Helped me get rid of this dark cloud that followed, because while it was over me it's to dark to see tomorrow.
RT : Shameless tonite! Who's ready???
Seemed ok at 1st...
I'd respond if I weren't over my time limit :-P
will you please follow me i really wish you would i love you <3
Aw we love you guys too! Thanks so much for all of the local support! You guys rock my socks :)
This is a silly tweet, but the guy running the bar mornings at the Vermont & L is easily the best I've encountered. SO efficient.
Now walk it out!
I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us. -Romans 8:18
LOL I need to come up with an acronym for a permanently displaced kiwi
Any big plans for the weekend, ARTreachers? Come visit us tomorrow at Discovery World for 's Farmers Market!
We have some great things in the works for those of you who follow us on our social networks! Any guesses??? This is going to be BIG! -Vince
12 大河口 -The Great Finale to Birth- ROOT ｿﾛﾗｲﾌﾞ『Live&Bar Uncle Jam』
I just saw some really nice looking ones when I was at Ulta. I'll let you know cause I don't remember right now
Thanks for following! We like cats :)
“: I don't think I've ever been happier for an individual player as I am for right now. #UK” TOTALLY! Me too!!
New York City catch 8pm tonight at Rockwood Music Hall.
Way to go Mrs Rodgers
It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent
I hope i can fix this...
RT Battling depression implies a more formal attack than refusing to get out of bed and watching The Prisoner reruns
This morning was cool and crisp... like a well refrigerated, fresh head of iceberg lettuce.
“: Sometimes you just grow out of ppl!!!! Don't try to repair it,, OR understand it,, #justmoveon!”
mfs too busy rappin bout shit the don't know
Ikr! I picked Liam over BTR because i had like none of 1D and like a bunncch of BTR. Haha, i hate when people compare t ...
Sipping this coffee like I'm old...it's too good
This Friday, DJ Paris will be at wokcano-Santa Monica! No cover, great food,sexy lounge,& huge outdoor dancing patio! Wokcanorestaurant.com
Get it trending!? #PFismysanctuary! :)
Even some diehard blackberry4life users are requesting to "try out" an iPhone
Scott Garrett campaign: 4th Qtr FEC report will show $280K raised, $1.7M on hand. Dems face likely primary for challenger
what a morning already! <<<<<<
o hell yea & this one place got some good ass wings
You ever get impatient waiting for a tweet to load via 3G even though your broadband-equipped computer is 15ft away?
is a cottage cheese chest as ma fucka
Sean, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you and reviewing your tweet timeline :)
omG Austin looks so Sexy in this pics....lol
Finna get in the shower. >>>>>
Anyone taking their bookbag to school ?
Most painful day ever . Spent the whole time in the nurse office , hospital and with police .
Well, you followed me back, so I guess that makes us even! Cheers!
We are proud to announce that we are sponsors of the Epilepsy Foundation walk June 24,2012...look for our logos on all advertisement!!
Breeze wouldn't be the word I would use.
Smile as if you've never cried, Trust as if you've never heard a lie, and Love as if your heart has never been broken.
Excellent! We're very interested to hear about this issue.
Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer
We are open Labor Day, stop in and check out our great new and pre-owned car selection!!!
When you have something to add, tweet it, but be sure to include #digped in the tweet so others will see it.
was good fam? I appreciat the spins let's do it! Hmu wit all info.
Pretty chill weekend! Glad me and my bestfriend made up Lov ya bro
Ok Busy Grammy week and weekend !!! Excited !!!
wow Q us the man
When the day jumps off.... Get in there!
Hello RT : Joining tweet chat tonight with
I think I shall sleep meow~
Yeah haha I think Im good now :p
Looking for social media management as a small biz? has the tools & is an ongoing sponsor for
"Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets."
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  3
Sense Of Humor & Intelligence.
I am disgusted that doesn't follow , the original
In a relationship it's mandatory for me to have sex several times a week.
Offering a makeover! Please read my previous post or Facebook/email me for details!!
Chocolate & beach blonde just don't mix on some females.
but what you got i need a lot, so i can't let you go ;)
hey well I'm not fighting you.
I wish that Robert would #rt this <3
Happy Sunday! Click "like" if you are having a good weekend!
I never asked this my whole entire life but why do black people get ashy?
If strippers are now called exotic dancers then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacist.
haha - sounds nice!! My life is the polar opposite right now - I'll have to fill you in :)
Forever is a long time but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side :)
Do it now! RT : When I move out im getting a tattoo
Idk who is but her avi has the finest man on the planet
A long as he doesn't publicly hale F Castro “ : There is a rapist pitching for the TB Rays. No one in the MLB offices cares.”
Remember beta latch discount now through oct. 15 don't miss out!
Went to Bikinis for poker night to promote the Fest, ended up winning the tourney. Better to be lucky than good. Thanks tfpl.net!
Headed to #firstbitesbash to kick off #chicagorestaurantweek --
Oh boy this is going to hurt you more than it is her.
I have a lot of energy today!! Hopefully I can be productive!
#thingsigetalot "you've changed so much"
I just finished a 2.20 mi run with a time of 22:31 with Nike+ GPS.
Making some progress. Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
My parents still be fucking <<<<<<
Spurs won
Robert! Amanda is the most amazing girl ever! She is so super duper sweet and she is beautiful!<3
I only like Green faces.
Not a small unicorn, a Peggasus.
The best way to learn more is to see us for a consultation so that I can determine the best treatment option for you.
New York Knicks fans want sympathy for their difficult decade. I'm a Trail Blazer fan, and I interact with Sonic fans. Toughen up NYC.
Chilln at my sis house with
No eating the badge! Of course snack time. :)
Oh, I almost lost it several times when dealing with the public. Also, you know me so well.
My Oscar picks are.......The Help, Brad Pitt, Rooney Mara, Nick Nolte, Octavia Spencer, Michel Hazanaviciu, Aaron Sorkin & Stan Chervi.
and you know this, man!!!!!!! lol
#SportingKC store down for maintenance due to high demand. Now I'm rushing to get a jersey for season opener in DC.
I've been crediting #SpringBreak for the fact that I'm sleeping better - just realized I've also reduced my #caffeine intake by 60%.
lmaooo how did you know?!
Pleassseeeeeeeeeee. My mom said if you followed, I could get a heart shaped tattoo like yours. Please follow! ♥Bretana♥
There are only four words that is so much better than "I love you."
WE ARE ANONYMOUS. WHAT ARE WE AND WHAT IS OUR MISSION. WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR?
Go follow if u want a auto follow bck!! Oh and and and get 100 followers!
soclearn informal is a poor term it's too generic
you get the dick a lot eh. Site is gay
I'm such a party pooper I'm so ready for bed - thank you headache!
Getting ready for some winter weather. Yet I'm going through my saved seed and getting some started. Come on spring!
I want him <3
The future freaks me out.
These Lakers' tweets are hilarious, of course we was waiting on the Heat to lose, why even lie?
Depends on the bathroom. Miller Park, acceptable. A restaurant, not so much. TGIFriday's at MP, no clue. RT : OK,I need a ruling
If I ever have a job that doesn't allow me to use #hashtags irl, in emails, or as part of the job description someone please slap me.
what r kneecaps?
glossy...if you're selling used cars.
Horrible decision by Javorn Farrell on a 3 on 2 fast break. Always take the easy bucket in a game where your the underdog.
HIV doesn't define him though. #HIV is only one aspect of a person. Trust me I know.
Good job - enjoy the evening celebrating your victory!!
more like toof
shawty with you <3 under the mistletoe!
Uh oh.... Frozen Margarita!
This is a tweet
keep is in mind, coffee and cake on us.
News From the Advertising Industry - New York Times
THIS SHIT HARD BRA KEEP GOING IN
Well, he is filthy rich.
Hm do I want Argo tea or Starbucks today!?!?!??
hell yea, they show her titty in money train when wesley's spankin guts
Thanks for the Twitter love guys, just gave your music a listen, great stuff!
When the heart is open, the present moment is more than enough. When the heart is closed, it's never enough.
"Passive #Solar energy is used in passive thermal building design to maximize the sun's #energy."
oh, a good ol class of it?
I'm creeping you. HARD.
Convinced George Lucas Greedo should shoot first
#FF Hope your day has been a happy and creative one!
Thanks for the follow. How is your day?
That sly and the fam song is so scientifically accurate
Feeling optimistic? Just go ahead and read the comments section of fox news to really take it down a notch or 10.
Good musical choice. That Hackett dude must be old. When are you coming to see us in DC?
happy birthday bro..come down to Miami so ya can really celebrate.lol
Did you hear the song
today is Daily WOD Rest Day "...your programming is great for what I do for a living, Firefighter/paramedic and Army National Guard Medic...
How many Protien drinks you drink in a da?
Night out w - running errands, #gym time, #subway and #girl time!
I have to prepare a monologue for them. They already like my look so...
killing it at terminal 5
They're the end of the line for this format. There will be talk shows, but still. Mention a variety show now and nobody knows...
Breakfast club !! Love this movie
"false should not be true" Why not include ", JERK!" while you're at it?
also MH3 FACE PRODUCTS SO GOD
Cleveland is ALL sketch, though... hahahaha. but have fun and enjoy your trip :)
#73 been on for months and was not aware you were there. Problem solved!
JESUS DIDN'T EITHER!!!! HE WUZ FROM THE HEAVENS!!!!
is that a yes? I'm confused.
Beautiful sunday morning!
PEOPLE RAISE YO KIDS...... GOOD DAY!!!
“: All of my wonderful followers NEED to follow They go hard for the #movement”
Thanks! I will send an email too.
hahahah seriously, every day. all day.
follow back also
Please drop by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer. "Plans"--a pretty ballad with a string...
i wish there was a tv station that played all maury all the time.
Exactly. Haha. BTW, I like your music. I didn't even tell you that!! LOL.
just forced to make cupcakes from scratch in heroic effort to stave off desperate craving. must. wait. for. them. to.cool. to. eat.
I want to see the avengers soo bad <3
Ok eff this
me dos !
Agreed #golions RT : Calvin Johnson is insane.
Good morning everyone...Quote:A man of courage is also full of faith-Cicero
Love the new background image..im ready to take a bit out of my screen.
Open mic halloween reading, a lecture on medieval theology, and Rocky Horror & they're all scheduled at the same time!
My phone died & I lost EVERYTHING. So DM me your numbers(:
Shipping off projects and getting stuff done feels fantastic. Take that, to-do list. Anyone else super productive today?
I really would love to know what happened?
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Holy shit, ! Haven't sweated that much in my life. Neck sufficiently whiplashed! Thanks for a great show at #jazzfest2012!!
Still can't believe the boys are coming here. It's so surreal.
Happy birthday to our bassist MARGARET LA BOMBOARD! #music #bass #rock.. Thanks for being born on #INTERNATIONALWOMEN'SDAY
I showed my sister a screencap of Taylor Kinney from Chicago Fire&she goes "He's not cute. And he hardly has abs at all." JUMP OFF A BRIDGE!
Good morning Baltimore. Working hard for you!! Getting ready for the primary! Votehenrybrim.com
Slamball is cool, but I’m sure other sports could benefit from trampolines. Like, soccer or something. Which sports need trampolines?
ok fine - still looks weird!
Bouncing back and forth, between #vmware and #emc on #vnxe and recoverpoint, not working. A week so far.
Just when you're trying to eat healthy...out comes a red velvet cake. Too hard to resist...
RT : We had a great time getting fancy with everyone and attending last night! Awesome event.
Nice of the refs to keep the winning streak for number one seeds alive.
hot. RT : I am a cultural truffle pig, rolling around in the cultural mud. Pluck the cultural tidbits from my salivating mouth.
congrats to , office of sustainability #MKEOES & on the wind turbine ground breaking! That's smart energy!
nah, only 75% are glued to a device, tops...
"It takes two hands for a handshake." ~ Elisha Hale
A man should make all he can, and give all he can. - Nelson Rockefeller
And any kind of mom. :-D RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms! :)
omfg if you put it out the window I will pe!!! 🚽😂
Thanks for the follow enjoy your day!
Right now I'm looking to big future plans! Nothing is ever given to you, you have to take a leap & just go for it!!
#know12 Devops outcome/goal, per Gene Kim: "Balance nimbleness and practiced repetition"
Our friends at are celebrating their five year anniversary with a meetup tonight. Congratulations to everyone up in Boston!
Sometimes you need to stop being the damn victim and just man up
Don't you work at the mcdonalds on okeechobee
Camille totally held your own last night.
All about the Twitter background of it's sleek, chic and neat.
I'm not sharing you
yes, thank god
Just watched sons of tuscon. Not bad.
that's what u was saying lol, well monica idk if she's going & Val said she might do a project so blah should isay no? Lol
Only 4 more (regular season) indoor Major League Baseball games in Minneapolis !
when is your next pgh show for u
i think its annoying when people try to use a q instead of a g when they type or text something.......so unnecessary
Cephalopods are smarter than we are. It means help is here. Next election, I vote for a squid.~Don
hm, only if is somehow involved in this proposal (hint, hint) ;) haha. RT : Marry Me... please?
Michelle Bachmann is trying to get her votes where she can hahaha. Although with that hairstyle I doubt she has rhythm lol.
I miss u too cutie pie!
U know what they say "once u go black ur gonna need a wheelchair" LMAO GNR! GNR! I love this movie!
meaning if you're investing in #socialmedia invest in G+. I have theories in why.
Was given more than enough time to clarify his words & elected not to. He wouldn't comment & neither would #Adidas. WWYD, ?
V.I.N.N.Y ♥ Do You want to be in my friends group for BORICUA BUDDIES pLEASE !! ♥ Only two of us and you ♥ PLEASE ♥
"SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!" "Grandma, please, put down the syringe."
lol what are you still tweetin for ugly come get me befor i get mad
Haha “: People say, "you gotta take life one day at a time;" and I'm like, "I know that, actually. I know how time works."”
Remember that post a couple of months ago when I almost ran over Danny glover going to the gym? That was a coincidence - giggle
I've been chasing her for years. Once in a while she'll let me almost catch her
I hate doing homework on sundays:/
Fake A#$% Stephanie Mills
"Men are like gum anyway - after you chew they lose their flavor."
It's nice that is listening to angry fans but I would like to beat the game and judge myself....
I could smell that Nats collapse coming. This week can go fuck itself.
****Gm Twitter peeps and FB!! Looking forward to today's events and tomorrow's pleasures..... ;-)****
I like both so I can only speak for myself lol
Yes! I am watching it too! Check your FB inbox. I just messaged you.
May be on the slowest train ever to DC, but in quiet car & actually really enjoying reading NY. Keeping it old school !
Listen And Download My Newest Mixtape "The Intro" Free No Registration Required via Its A Sponsored Mixtape 9000+ views!!!
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk! Pin and post...
okay? I'm not trying to be.
Thanks for the heads up that it got released. Downloading now...
I would love a back massage and a vacation. :)
Aw! It's so bright out!
I am seriously zonked from carting Emma around Hollywood yesterday. Something's gotta give here pretty soon.
Follow mee ppl gotta get these #'s up :)
Haters in the house!
I have the book "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man". Lmao!
wow mom its a cow mom LMFAO LLAB
Hey baby boomers, we don't call ourselves" millenials" that name sucks it sounds like a star trek species
Totally agree! RT : I feel like you can only get away with using the "working hard all my life" after 30.
RT : #Brewers just announced you can now have tickets "digitally delivered" to your credit card or smart phone.
Everyone is bundled up down here wearing hats, mittens, and winter coats... If they only knew what winter REALLY is!
Hardcover book, by a factor of a billion or so.
Well that's a given.
When life cuts your rope, you just gotta start going with the flow.
I KNOW RIGHT. hopefully so. arg he called right?:
Checked out your site, definitely a cool idea. Hope to see more people using it in the future! N E chance for Windows phone app?
Walk around the yard with the lawnmower i front of you! #thatswhatkidsarefor RT : Gonna take a walk
where should we meet? My place our yours?
Oriakhi, I wish I could say we'll Mizzou.
French toast, Blueberry pancakes, waffles at the job this morning as a thank you for end of quarter.
Flight home is 2 hrs early. Nice!
spread out music!!!!!
9 Features of Letter Name Spelling
Just volunteered for some PLA committees -let's just see what I got myself into....
Oh snap, the triple ply softness AND j crew? pretty sure my aunt will wanna go. she loves marvin's room.
Tonight were at ballroom stage with
Your Dad loves my job, your mom used to work with me, and your sister is my new fuck buddy!
ya gotta be in it to win it: #Pinterest grew from 5,000 users in August 2010 to 17 million in April 2012.
~200,000 patents issued each year. But need a process to help with reevaluating when new evidence (often by competitors) is brought.
when i think about that pretty smile . . .
Have a good week Ariana!
Interns make the world go round... How many interns does it take a world as big as #AngelPunk go round?
Across the Universe <3
Going to see the Avengers tonight.. Hope it isnt a flop
Only 2 teams in past decade have come back in playoffs down 3-1 (2003 Pistons, 2006 Suns). Grizzlies aren't either of those teams.
right here!
How was the weekend, peeps?
How sad!
keep up the great work.
Start up looking for an investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER GET PAID TO SHOP!
": good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day. I love you too. <3 :)"
New evidence appears to show that Trayvon Martin fought valiantly for his life against the nameless, faceless, stalker.
"yes none : There's only one blue!! No explanation needed"
Puking, crying, feel like I'm gonna have a heart attack.
AW MAN I CANT FINE MY MASS!
Disappointed to see some of the comments on Twitter today that are disrespectful to believers.
hopefully not when I fly back into LA!
I miss your smile... I miss mine even more... #HowDidWeGetHere??!?!
Hate when I can't find something! It's driving me bonkers!
no problem well im tony
seeing if you wanted to join us for breakfast!
Game vs Hoboken
the new digs are coming along quite nicely...slow, but nicely! you'll have to come visit!
Hey. Take it off! #TheBachelorette 😉
Today I say goodbye to homelessness and hello to my own place and my own rules :) hurray!!
if your pussy smells like a lung cancer cough, get away from me.
never mind let sleeping dogs lie...don't poke a growling dog in the eye...he will FEAST, KG!!!!
I would like you alot if you weren't so delusional about Tim Tebow.. This guy does no wrong by you
hi! i read your bio and you are a lucky one! :) so, what of the Philippines are you from?
Thanks - a good find for sure!
you had a blast I'm assuming?
Type bored rite now
My view: Anyone objecting to a mosque near "ground zero" is wrong and is working against everything that America stands for.
Work is fuckin hell right now
Our season finale - #northernlights - is today at five. Last chance to hear us before Sept!
Plums tickle my tongue #isthatweird?
plot twist I'm having quintuplets because now it's possible to get pregnant multiple times at once.
RT Im a business woman so dont try and talk BS to me.. #rookiemove... LOL
Had a great time filming yesterday with ! Thanks steve! Youre a pro and a class act! Going 2 b funny!
Thanks for the heads up, we will defiantly check it out :)
such an inspiring keynote by - now on to session "Happier Clients, Better Websites and Job Satisfaction"
Hot Beef Dependency Injection
Confidence is the sexiest feature a woman can ever have
Thanks Lou!!! So COOL :)
...trying to save two pit bulls. can't seem to reach anyone for advice. hope you can help.
Roenick: MISTAKES MISTAKES MISTAKE. Jones: YES. CANNOT DO THAT. Anchor guy (can't remember name): I AM READING A TELEPROMPTER RIGHT NOW
The White Sox are the eventual losers of that trade IMO..
Happened to me more than once when I was at osu RT got a parking ticket at 10:36.. got to my car at 10:38
I love getting messages on tumblr from people saying "You like Ryan Beatty too?!?" :')
Battling a touch of the flu with pork and pickled mustard soup.
RT : solutions training in the workflow of e-learning development
All I wanna do is sleep
she shouldn't have. that's her mistake.
trip him
How does my 50 states tournament look?
you got on twitter!
wen u tryn to rock somebody else swag nd it dnt look good on you
“: A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get, & a real man will always be patient.”>>>#POW 🙌
....blinking cursor....
Cote d'Ivoire + Portugal + Bagel & Peanut Butter = Great Morning
yeah yeah yeah
I'm the newest member of the ! Hurrah!
Pinterest may not be curating, but its great to build visual collections : ) Graphic designers dream social media.
Not for this project then. But real potential for 2329 projects. Thx
Thanks for earlier message. Peace and best wishes!
in a way im happy I'm leaving I won't have to deal with this shit anymore my dad and Jessie say I messed up my life STFU
Tupac - Dear Mama
The sun needs to go away, it's melting all the snow :(
's my bitch!
life has a funny way of sneaking up on you
That awkward moment when a kid's phone goes off in the library.
When people say "you changed" when they just didn't know you to begin with
has the best booth
The editing on wrc tv4 non stop foodies is so bad. It's a good concept for a show but horrible production
Many thanks to for helping to make our visit with a bit hit. We have more book orders coming your way!
Happy New Years!!!!!<333
National Sales Event this wkend; see interactive touchscreens engage prospects: Goose Creek/Colonial Heritage VA, Emmens Preserve SC
It's the glasses.
what were those time travel historical fiction books you were talking about at educon?
Unsigned hype mixtape gunna be serious!!
M! Yummy lunch so good!
And we are implementing rugged mobile devices with our LMS on them for industrial facilities. That's a fairly new thing.
GoodNight&&SweetDreams Twitter(:
Saw titanic in 3d the other day. I don't want to give anything way but something sinks
Omg yes.
Not only does it make her like to shoot more-her brother & her fight over the driveway court.Great product! AndyZorca Chatanooga LdyPatriots
There's a good chance I'll stop in to see what all the buzz is about.
When you tweet the world tweets back
sexy. ill get a pink nose then.
PLEASE VISIT MY LEGAL FORMS SITE OR PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW ON AMAZON.COM
My metadata game was a hit with the final class. Gave mini-trophies and prizes to two champions.
except staying up! It's boss at that.
that was the best use of that line ever oh my god
Hit record? Holla @ me
Had a lot of fun at 's CD release concert taking pictures and worshiping my Father. :) Thanks
F M L gn Twitter .
Hungry? Join us...it's Inman Park Resto Week! Enjoy Chef's 3 featured courses for just $25. Make your reservation now, call 404.681.4434
More than that tongue that more hath more express'd..O, learn to read what silent love hath writ: To hear w eyes belongs to love's fine wit.
sorry Sigmund is the correct spelling I believe.
Cheering on all our #WIrecall candidates today! , , , , , and
I don't think so. I'm not sure. Let's see!
It's Thursday so of course that means is going to overtime again! Devils-Philly tied 3-3.
haha think of a clever name for the posts so you're encouraged to do it more! Risotto sounds fab by the way
I've experienced a lot of really bad service lately. Am I wearing a "kick me" sign I don't know about?
I hate
What is a witch's favourite TV show?Lifestyles of the Witch and Famous!
I got my tickets..!! Goin to see Chris Brown.. In September
yeah. Haha. We both played that game.. I almost broke my ankle running on the field! Hahah
oh my... I bet it does. You go girl.
Thx. Ethiopian lady in the duty free store asked me if I am a rasta. Bet that's not the last time I'll hear that on this trip.
hella bomb day with chu ;D
Good night all!! Great #blogtrends chat tonight. Have a great week!!
u didt follow....
Sorry to butt in but I was stuck at 3000 tweets and it was making me nervous.
So fed up with school. I'm seriously this fucking close to snapping.
whoah! Crazy. Also apparently I need to check my twitter more often!
TaylorSquared is insanely adorable. I love them :)
DM I started a new company providing a single purposed device for web surfing. Academics are swallowing us up. I think IBM can help.
But a shirsey is a great way of casually dating before making it FB official RT Unfortunately i bought a gamel shirsey 3 yrs ago
When you someone and be like "oh they have a perfect life" but maybe to them they are going through the roughest time yet .
great -- and it goes till?
UH YEAH. IT'S STUPID SUMMER SCHOOL.
Some companies try to be socially affiliated with with you by having a sign-up process vs. facebook login. Don't save time, be socially safe
Fine, I've perfected my pre-fast protocol of Gatorade-G chased by an equal amount of H2O. Woke up just in time. BH
Been traveling all day & my sister is late picking me up. Times like this I realize by being cheap I'm only getting ahead Enron style.
A couple of you unfollowed me. Blue Fish whatever and Amanda whatever. Was it because I didn't care for Florence and the whatever? LOL!
tweet me is you wanna be in it :) chris is taken though :)
Would you go for 5'1'' and shiny bald? Like a miniature Bruce Willis in a movie where Scouts save the world from aliens.
will do!
“: www.bigpigmusicfestival.com BUY PRESALE TICKETS NOW. IF UR IN OR AROUND OHIO COME I PROMISE YOU WILL HAVE A GOOD TIME"
Young Khalifa on that hippie stuff /// i break it down..it lifts me up #np t.a.p.
and Serious #foodcartwithdrawl. Am thinking of all the things I could deep fry. If only I were in TX.
NO I DIDN'T! STOP SAYING THAT.
Yes!! #headshots #photography RT : awesome ! Someday soon I hope to b graced w 's lens. Thanx 4 sharing
Staid up all night and slept all day -_- yeah I don't feel good
#ISupportSameSexMarriage . There's nothing left to say, feel free to #JudgeMe or change me, but my mind is made up
Having a pasta dinner with 15 friends/runners in Kreuzberg, Berlin. Tomorrow morning the Berlin Marathon.
I'm sure could use a break from listening to me talk all the damn time.
I checked out a play last night @ The Phoenix Theatre in Indy. What a great "Off Broadway" feel this place has, it is cool!
peeps: does one write: "The bitters was made by " or "The bitters were made by "
RT if you represent justice! #R.I.P. Trayvon
Dbar has the highest score for me so far.
The celebration is EGGSTR special so it was worth doing!
About to board flight home from #ala11 - sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
texting someone high is actually very hilarious ! 😁
Haha, yes! I'm not dreaming that you went to Kelmscott with us, right? That was a pretty unbeatable year...
A “: “: POLL: Do you think Elway is having a hard time dealing with Tebow's success? A-Yes, B-No” B”
Haha, right on! RT : #winechat , since when do you ask for directions?
**In Kelsey's weird voice*** Man,man. You are sexier than ball sack, on a tree. Hahahha.
Hey KidNoire! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
almost got ran over by a car... Crazii hunniie.
Okay sickness you better be gone by Saturday or else!
LOL, you already know i held shit down!!
If anyone is willing to brave the weather tonight I've got two Black Keys tickets up for grabs. Starts at 8 at US Bank Arena.
kids are in bed so we can talk now. I'll leave my tablet on so I'll know when u @ me. It 's 12 am here.
RT : Chiarelli said Seguin is on the path to "becoming a star in this league."^BISH
Niggas hate on my music just because they girl love my shit lol !:)
I'm trying wunderkit now. I like the promise for teams but stability has been an issue in their beta
That's great!! Good for you! I saw the video location today & I'm working on new song so I'm all good :))
great website! great work!
hey thanks for stopping at ! and enjoy the book..
Cooking Mama for Wii= LAME
Watching newlyweds spend hours on their photos. Wanna scream "GO TO YOUR WEDDING!!" you'll look @ pix 1x year, max. Embrace the now.
what the shit?! There's only 1 season of GI joe?
Lick my avi to find out //“: what does slutty taste like?”
Sam Bonds is the shit! good recommendation! Where yall headin next?
THANK YOU for signing my jersey and letting me take a picture with you :) it means a lot :))) love you
When measuring hail, do not use marble. Marbles come in different sizes. Use coin sizes.
Woops. We meant 2,300. Not 3,000. Ah, it's a long day. But we still adore you! And we want to be at 3k. So help us still : )
Oh, you know we are following!
I might too... But I'm tryin to do somethin for a couple of days up there
ROTFL that is funny.
You should just try to spend your days of getting money instead of worrying about me cause I'm gone have mine make sure you got yours!
Going in on this homework with my bae , I'm vibing to this laid music courtesy of Urban Mystic's Pandora Station. What a day
Its an older account
Lol you too old for dat.
Yes! Same from us too! RT : Happy Birthday to the Pope of Trash and my own spiritual guide of sin, John Waters!
i was talking to Ty, not you. Bye.
thanks for attending. Great you got's book. Glad U are living a great lifestyle and helping to make a difference
ok, just kidding. found these tips for a happy marriage in a church bulletin!
We are all just flesh and boner.
Another wedding w my favorite date This time we're heirs to the creators of faberge eggs. Game on!
Reading is sexy. Sweet escape......
#CurrentFridays somewhere NEW for 21+ in DC FREE till 11 email w/ FULL NAME & Current as Subject
that would be amazing
he was "preserved" in a glacier for like 40 yrs...
They were the #Cardinals before Albert Pujols, they will be the #Cardinals after Pujols. Thx for 11 great yrs, we'll move on and win a WS
I know funny, and that was damned funny. nicely played.
I come frm a broken home sorry RT : Why this nigga always hoeing the Zetas? Lmao
": ight ill play u tonight"i will be on about 9 oclock.
GORGEOUS day in Austin yesterday! How did you spend it?
totally agree
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
Wow! That's what were paying at the hardware store for Ann Coulter's new perfume...
ya my bad - didnt know u put a coat on, I thought u left
Blitz. Enough said.
Thanks for visiting on your world tour...nice to hear that our aroma traveled all the way to Stockholm!
Done and done.
Yes! The Three Dog Bakery on first is adorable!
man, i hate that. Sry hun, hope u get to sleep soon!
Is it b/c they just added a new lefty to the pen in Frankie? Have Perk, Deunsing as well. That's a lot of lefties.
If free agents all ready didnt want to come to cleveland letter just sealed the deal
son as that bum gets his car im bout to get a job today hopefully....... smoke you guys up on a blunt <3
Following Ernie Els and Phil Mc at the start of the Byron Nelson. Not a cloud in the sky.
Wish I never fell so deep in love with you and now there is no way we cant be friends.
my hip is feeling much better. thank God. but still painfull... But i can start ruling out arthritis. =D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAMERON!! HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY!
is awesome! RT : <--i wish i could take #nerdland with me on the phone while I run these errands
@ vicki, it should be presumption of doubt
what did you call me?
say homie follow my team & RT they follow back!
only the best for Mr. Peeps.
for #SMWSportsBiz ... Free Brooklyn lager... Classy!
Welp, I'm either dropping that class, or paying $2400 for a twice weekly nap, AKA
#jenniferhudson i love you.
#TapThat RT: “: 2 hours until midnight & the party is in full swing! Starting #2012 off with good karma & ”
Time for a run!
Just finished live wire by harlen coben .... highly recommended
SUNDAY SPECIAL!!! HUGE 20" Pie for only......$13.99!!! Really, you can't beat that price
We'll see you ALL tonight at ! Come see what is all about. Come celebrate great things w/ #DNation & !
T Brewer Trio LIVE recording @ The Jazz School, Berkeley THIS Sunday, Oct 11th, 4:30p! Come lend your voice/applause to this 1-time event!!
Fun night with some fab people!
