I Got A Cool DJ Name lol
Come to the first All Candidates meeting on Tues Nov 1st at Richmond Executive Inn, 6.30 pm. I need your support!
i wanna be in that scraapbook plz
It's a WRAP! Happy Memorial Day, we hope you all have a great weekend, see you Tuesday.
Friday. The light at the end of the work week tunnel. Whew.
you say you don't give a fuck, and i say i'm through with you, then you come running after me and baby i'm back with you
Wouldn't change a thing, but it sure has been a ling time coming!!
oh noes.... foursquare updated their API requirement. now my 4sq hacking will have to get more savvy. :-)
follow me back please! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE <333333333333
right? that movie is amazing
Yes!! Full of Gratitude for a life changing wkknd that brought light @ end of the tunnel right in front of my face! Stay Tuned!
And I've been up for 18 hours, only got 3 hours of sleep last night, and I am feeling exceptionally grumpy.
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of the red white and blue
RT : RT : OH: "It's like an iPhone that doesn't fit in your pants."
much appreciated thanks (:
Damn bitch... Y u ridin the bitches nuts so hard haha!!
I'm working! next time tho!
well now ur just proving facts
Why is v103 obsessed with gucci mane
Hate to bust your bubble #soccer stud, but that girls team isn't watching u, they're waiting for your team to get the hell off their field.
See Dan read: Baboons can learn to spot real words
Big dream aka the black slash
Hooray for starting to get over this cold!
greg, get your butt to LA!(:
In light of Kim K's divorce, I'd love to know how your #nonprofit could have used the $10mil she spent on her wedding to #DoGood instead?
lol... yall gonna make me blush
you can buy the shirt on our website
Watching these crazy Steven Jo videos,dude is crazy
Postin new videos shortly
I'm ashamed to say I'm more into the Foo Fighters performance than Chris Browns..
Very excited to be back in - such a beautiful space!
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
Your Drag Name: First name=the name of your first pet. Last name=the first (named, not numbered) street you lived on. I am "Tippy Pompano."
didnt c it sir.. hit us again .. jst Kno that the site is being revamped and will be back soon n all submissions will b posted
Had yummy homemade Indian food this weekend @ a friend's. She sauteed cumin seeds w/salt and dry rice before adding water to cook!
Guess we're going to #TheOysterHouse :)
I got a new hobby.. =D.
I was freaking out when I went for a run without my ID . Then I remembered that a valid Pitt ID is not required to enter the Hart residence
That looks like it could be an creation.
Blessings, love, and appreciation to all who have carried, delivered, adopted, mentored, and love as would a mother. Happy Mother's Day!
Sup guys?
RT Aye J been 2 long how are you feeling?!?? Whats going on man! Need to DM you my new # (still waiting on it bro)
♥ I won't be down anymore! No more :)
Goodbye #Regionals Goodbye #Detroit Until next year. Regionals in #MKE Its going down!!! E- YIP
Really enjoyed THE AVENGERS. Funny, fast paced, and great action. Congrats to fellow Clevelanders who worked on it!
Watching on 's
Please make sure to follow my personal Twitter -
please follow me for my birthday!<33i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow:) please?
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies"
Life without problems is like school without classes. You won't learn your lesson.
naw not till 30th hut I might be out of town. Might
how are you Joe? :)
have you seen any celebrities in NYC yet? cc
hahahaha, well you see these guesses. Nobody even came within a thousand. Hahahaha.
Guess who has two thumbs and can eat salad again? This girl right here! I never thought I'd be excited for this...
every girls a fucken princess...
I am now wearing reindeer horns.
scratch that. No spots:(:(
yeah sure :)
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
good just finished celebrating my bday
Read my "reflections on a year of service" www.tiaramag.net
yes! thanks lol
I'll link up wit u when I get back :)
wit her crocked back ass.
Get ready. RT : Heading to plot the revolution with tomorrow. Then back in NYC Tuesday.
nope, not yet...Go Bucks! You scared now?!!
I will call you. Thx. Let's do lunch Monday. ??
Why are they scared!!! Smh
I have a test tomorrow, please pray I pass 🙏😣
At the :ard
hi Ms. Bobeah....you look nice today.
Dear Chase Bank: Please do not send me an email confirming a change of address with the words FRAUD and ALERT all over the subject heading.
thanks for the Book People love.
I hate the coverage that FSC produces...I could honestly do better from my f*cking garage! ;-)
no we have to babysit tonight for some people from church :( but tell alyssa sorry and happy birthday for us!
Going to my cousin's 5th birthday party. 
only 2-0 lead in the playoffs. nice.
there were tons yesterday too. I thought it was old timer day before the game an his fans were reppin
Father's Day at the Schwarzenegger's was probs purdy dang awkward.
God damn. I think we need a sloppy sixty-nine ... you're not in Austin are you? Haha, no way I'm that lucky.
Thanks for a great chat. Brought back a lot of CMU memories. I look forward to future collaborations.
Good morning every one<3
Retreat with my confirmation group tomorrow then Arise. Going to be nervous as hell. I'm not cut out for this
Alex missed baseball opening day photos & has to miss spring picture day tomorrow too because of strep throat :(
We will be making our predictions for the 2012 season soon! If you have any thoughts on the matter, let us know!
“You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.” Henry David Thoreau
Or nukes. Unless you have a tube radio squirreled away somewhere.
Inspired and loved! Great combination! Lotto? I've already won!
Who's still playing "Visions" on a daily base?! Make sure to show your friends and have them pick up our EP on iTunes!
Been feelin sick since friday ugh
LoL, He said other day he was going to put that joke as his prof. It says hes a mom for gods sake lol :)
Yes, woo! Come over!
I don't want to get out of my bed
My 14th birthday is tomorrow I can't wait!! And the best part is that I get to see Jason wingfield!:)
Sad, but true.
My child support judge said I look like Chris Rock too. Enjoyed the show. Hilarious.lol
that's my shit!!! Hands down best way to clean is to #drill or #trap !!!!!
Stats class came in very handy today. Good investment!
She comes off very strong & supportive. She's not a major part of the book but definitely leaves a good impression!
Can we get a RT for complimentary new #ShockTopWheatIPA at Bucks on Regent tonight from 6-8pm? Hopefully you can make it!
Just went to cyberspace to renew my license at www.cyberdriveillinois.
making reptile hands!
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought. Percy Bysshe Shelley
profile picture won't change either!
Great to hear Bob Uecker's voice on the radio!
I didn't realize this is the hotel Ronald Reagan was shot in front of.
..and I heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas To All and To All, A Good Night...CHOOSE TO BELIEVE!!
so according to #arizona's new anti-#abortion law, tampons & napkins are now considered baby blankets.
Dwight D. Eisenhower In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Well this is a great pic to wake up to! (;
what do you look for in a film festival?
Blue is out in my arms!! Your boy is about to benne out too!
Haha, yeah well.
*Sob sob sob* Pray for Pauly :'(
Just finished a Beautiful Relocation Guide for Colorado Springs,.. Know anyone moving here,.. have them call me at 719-599-3888
please hang out with me this time! Haha
Boker tov! Day 3 begins w/ a trip to the gym before my peers wake up & we enjoy another delicious #Israeli breakfast. Thanks
what? So cute.
Catch me tonite at #tropicalblends special guest With FREE until midnight
Support with a 1yr subscription for $18 & $9 goes back to Go Red! Call 760-317-2311 and mention SGORED to help support!!
great idea!
How about Third Thursday, October 20? We'll be showing episodes 1-4!
Good Morning everyone! Let's start the day in a positive way. Do something nice for someone needy!
Manning Marable's new Malcolm X bio says X gave Alex Haley a photo of Malcolm & Billie Holiday together during Malcolm's "Detroit Red" days.
Oh :( I thought the link said pushpeen
"Please send money at once. I have fallen into errors with landlady!"
The day you feel in love with me ..I feel in love with you
i see you out here promoting
Yes! Last week in the office I walked by the TV (we have a TDKR countdown) when it hit 99 days and shouted "We're under 100 people!"
I need to get some Talking Heads from
haha really? I'm about to bake some chocolate chip cookies RIGHT NOW! :D
#isitjustme or is stubbing your toe one of the most painful things you could do depending on how you hit it
I think I'll be deff by the end of the night
Got a flat tire.Pulled over to change it. Stupid guy says Did your tire go flat? I said No,I was driving along& the other 3 just swelled up
RT : Everyone should follow & REWEET THIS!!! :-x 😉
#DCDrinkUp is looking for help in creating a logo. If you're graphically inspired and can help let us know!
"The Hunger Games" is very, very good. Fans will not be disappointed! #thehungergames (review embargoed/coming later)
He's the only giy I would ever change for.
Conquering my day off! Lol God is good! 😊
RT : + kindle + Amer Civil War reading/research = portable power tool packed with open/free resources!
After watching Trent Richardson in games and now during his pro day, there is no doubt in my mind that he is the SAFEST pick for the
what u been up to?
I'll call u later
Sarahrose needs to stop sending me these gross videos.
Yes my 1st block was absent I hope my 2nd is to :-)
ha ha just seen you send it out as I logged in so I wanted to be first!
It looks like the co-host of Grilliant Ideas Radio has shaved his beard off...interesting...
Have less than 10,000 followers? (#RETWEET this now & follow to gain 100+ followers )
thx. will check your site out.
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
intriguing thought!
I guess it happens. Lol! Well I am glad ur doing good.
Sadly, no love for QUEENSBRIDGE from Ron Artest tonight :-/
today makes 6 months i think im in love♡
China seeks contracts with Brazilian suppliers to establish deals in terms of quantities of raw materials to be exported....
What a lovely day in NYC. Just passed by the exhibit by the highline. So cool!
hey! I just made my first application! Do you have any ideas for next projects?
Young Homie in the next half hour! -
Whoa. Count me in.
Sorry about that stupid post about me being depressed and all. Happy thanksgiving!
A white cat crossed my path. Does that mean 7 years of good luck? I hope so!
RT : With the exception of women, there is nothing on earth so agreeable or necessary to the comfort of man as the dog. ~...
thanks for the follow -- your music is fantastic!
did I steal her tweet or something?! 
if anyone is bored and wants to check out my new program click on my website link
wanna give me a shout out ? Thanks.
I can't :((((( what time are you leaving on friday?
Transplanting lettuce starts today. Specialty salads on the horizon.
Haven't had Internet :( I miss twitter but I'm super excited for 420 tomorrow day off Chilln wit my favz :)
Bonkers are no longer available, but word is that Leaf Brands bought the rights and may re-release them later this year!
Snooki, Jwoww, Deena and Sammi all safely checked in at Newark Airport for Florence, Italy to film the new season of Jersey Shore. Cleavage!
yo Mr. Telephone man...it's all good. I was just surprised/joking. Hating is cheap. I'm too rich to hate. Hating is whack!
Happy Birthday ! When are you going to write a children's book? :-)
I'm sorry, but this is NOT rain - this is #Seattle being washed.
Pretty sleepy
Umm, yea...about that. Any chance you can un-reverse the pick? Thx. Srsly tho, Pujols will come around. Just wait and see.
Capitol hill is buzzing with freaks,hipsters and cool kids. Times like this I'm so happy I live here.
Three words. Where. Amazing. Happens.
Bradley discusses Top Rank, Pacquiao, Casamayor, fatherhood - Crave Online (blog)
. I was the 11th pick of 12... Had some big Free Agent moves that helped.
By the way, how about a return follow to a guy that remembers when you were born?
takin a picture with both trees is on my list too !They will still have the one up at Rockefeller center when I get there!
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indiana, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies indiana, indiana dryvit repair, indiana
Yes, there's that
RT : Who wants a pair of season passes to ? Listen at 5:22pm to know what key word to text! 69822 is our number!
Congrats on the Eddy Award!!! :-)
I think and would make great stuff! They're video from a storm was enough..they should make a channel!
We want to meet you on our other social sites! goo.gl/7unUD
Happy hour. I mean New Year. Happy hour New Year.
Received a generic reply to an email I sent to #Katehi regarding the #ucdavis police brutalization. Why is she still in office ?
Thanks for the follow and taking interest. Right back at ya'!
Sorry I haven't been on Twitter a lot, I've been busy w/ cheer, dance, voice, and MANY more.
It's College Night! Free Chicken Sandwich when you buy a Lg. Drink & Lg. Waffle Fry. Deals start at 5pm :)
what's the offer? I'm at the bar!
damn...i guess i better head back home then.
I just saw a book at the thrift store of setlists at Grateful Dead concerts. It was a well-worn volume. I passed on it.
Quinn.! Don't do it.! If you date him, that means you've dated everyone but Mike.!
": Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text."
oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
Any tips on how to become a successful entrepreneur? I just started My Own Fingerprint company and could heed advice
Sigh. I should NOT grocery shop when I'm hungry! Gah! Rookie mistake!
are you a teacher at dallas center-grimes?
I just got a fb friend request from u though? Ah yeah I've been meaning to check out Charles new album! I will
You knew.. RT : s/o 2 came thru n the clutch lol fcks wit u
Volunteering does show that your ego in in check. a great way to start.
rats!! it'll be online, soon :)
Listening to reggae with Jamaicans > ctfu they be going in
follow back
I need an affordable email list for retailers who need business loans
"I'm gonna miss Comic Con!" a somewhat surprised realization from
Checked into the villa and relaxing effective... NOW. See y'all in a week.
oh cool the first photos of jay-z and beyonce's baby i totally give a shit about that
I am one such individual! I'd like to be there!
The song #Springsteen never gets old
Dear Happy Hour, Please come sooner. Sincerely, Everyone at
Ha Thats Cool
It's not really ha ha humor but I might throw in a 30 second joke if I can summon some funny...
First Fitness Boot Camp starts September 19 and goes through September 25. 9-11am every morning. Sign up now!! www.Tenacitycircusarts.com
This is taking forever. GET IN HERE AND STAB ME ALREADY! ...wait, please leave...I was jus...
As a hot dog fan, I'm going on record saying I have no problem with Pink Slime.
Ladies get ready....DJ E Square just confirmed he will be spinning whitney all night!!! All the greatest
Watching the rebroadcast of at #pcma12. Kind of sad I missed this awesomeness live in person.
Nice wallpaper!
doesnt know who Rev Run is lol
u coming to the over night?
To those that vandalized the lights on my house, you are really cool.
The Iron Duncan Sheik.
Johnson walks Valencia and Parmalee comes up for the #Twins. #Orioles up 4-2 with runner on first for Minnesota.
Alan West is INSANE! Has anyone listened to this man lately?
Kites rise highest against the wind-- not with it. - Sir Winston Churchill
I am allergic to ny
yes ma'am
Ed has received advanced certification in & was a principal in development of Arthur Young's strategic planning & management methodologies.
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
“Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.” – Blaise Pascal
Thank you so much for following , , and Hope to see at one of our upcoming events!
No worries. We can certainly do it again if not tonight. Just *really* excited now.
that's exactly what I was thinking of! LOL! Or if not transformers we could see final destination 5!
Yo that last drop was EPIC son!!! You keep changing the game yo......
Thanks for the great information!!
I am mke sure yu call me
dang iPhone
Man who just tried 2 have phone sex with me when I called to tell him he won a party at McFadds, u sir get extra free apps Thursday night.
Overall lack in strong winds higher up in atmosphere should help to keep significant svr storm chances away from SW and SC WI this week
School blows; ._.
These fees be doing the most with they drawn on eyebrows.....
My dad overreacts about everrryyythingg.
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy - and greed stem from a lost soul
i think that they dip their fried chicken in Kool Aid
thank u sir... “: fan of your work homie”
Just got my shooting schedule for our reality show for this week! Looking forward to filming with my girls:)
Nothing like hitting your knee cap on the corner of the coffee table at 3 in the morning. Well I'm wide awake now.
Watching the movie in school..... Thats when school turns kool
What a friggen block Larry!
Last full day in LA... Loved watching the kids in class with Stacey Tookey. So proud of Zach, Kelsey, Malik, Bre and Becka!
aww yay I'm glad soemone's reading it and probs not till tomorrow !
I've never seen you be so quiet! Watchin HGTV
Just downloaded Monster Movie, Tago Mago and Future Days. On the Can... it'll be a while.
This is fucking scary. I don't wish this on anyone.
I need something to do today. Anybody have something in mind?
Who is my inspiration ? Madison Alamia. Who is my crush ? Madison Alamia . Who do i like besides him ? MadBoy.:D
RT : RT BREAKING: Associated Press declares Mitt Romney winner of Republican primary in Ohio
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell
Inventory reduction sale going on now ! Please help us make room for new 2012 models! All sizes available at deep discounts!!!
Had an 8 year old drop by yesterday selling cookies for a fundraiser, he immediately told me they were overpriced. His mom just grinned.
We either define our fate or we are defined by it.
i love my meme
you're welcome Josh! Thanks for the kind words.
Never bet against #Madonna Hope she does a great Job #HalftimeSuperBowlShow Super Bowls are times in History we will never forget.
Testing New Twitter App....it's called Buffer looks too cool.
G Silverman: trace of materiality in textual material, not merely shared reading, forges intimacy.
Thanks for the follow. Liking your prez.
That's great! RT : Well done Steve. I've dropped 23kg in about the same time, diet and exercise = better life!
Let me tell you how it will be/there's 1 for you 19 for me/'cause I'm the Taxman/yeah I'm the Taxman.
Must be a warm year, this 2011. Still have yet to even turn on our heat this winter.
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy friends!
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
Thanks for that RAD DAD shout-out last night on KUNM!
We've received lots of shipments for Small Expressions, opening May 12. We're excited and can't wait to host visitors!
Bored and this phone keeps going slow
Now Following
#itsabaddaywhen your alarm clock don't go off in the morning.
- Depends on what it sounds like and whether or not you have the right promo material.....
Only 5 days left to get in on the Memorial day dockside kickoff party or pre-order your tour! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Holy traffic, I just want my dunkin
Lesson taken from the existence of a territory beyond in all dystopian novels: international anarchy is the guarantor or liberty.
Many iSpire fans requested an easier hashtag to follow. So now you can search NspiredBy for complete Proverb inspirations by
Story League's first show was AMAZING!!!!! Congrats to all my teller friends!
Watching my dr who is 20 min late for my appointment stand outside and talk to some dudes :-/
Darn!! Really upset about Terra Nova being cancelled!! Everyone said it sucked but I really liked it! I was a faithful watcher!
The basketball wives commentary is so loud on my TL right now..So much analysis
At Wakemed ER waiting for them to release my husband. Need clean EKG before we can go home.
the ischool here has a class on digital forensics. I was contemplating taking it this summer.
sweet baby Jesus! I just saw these tweets. You're going to be working on WWZ?! I just crapped myself.
it's my blood SUGAR, not blood pressure!!
Thanks, Daniel. You've already been a huge help! I appreciate the links you gave me.
This fittest woman on earth thing on espn is stupid...
I really don't know what I would do without music.
Then, you could integrate products you could sell on your sites which is way to do on how to make money fast
All the gay dudes & ladies just stood up at the same time & started dancing !! What a sight
Success is the best revenge!
Battle training in 30 minutes! Colonials will be ready for this summer's battles!
This coachella live with dr dre, snoop, 50, wiz, eminem is going hard
people like adrenalin!
does anyone else have the strange sensation that Lester Holt is getting ready to take over the nation? asking for a friend.
Delete processing a condition of gift agreement for LC Twitter Archive – continuously redacted archive. Young
Apparently I've become that girl who puts on sneakers with a dress for walking to the Metro station. Don't judge me. My heels hurt.
Just got the shirts in today and they are comfy as all hell. Can't wait to get these out to you guys on Sunday!
picture of footballs
my daugther sarah is making me a fan we r now seing one of ur shows when u all went on ur book tour..n all the good u done n r doin
can we find out how many licks 2 get 2 ya centr
11:11!!(: make a wish!! I wish you will have a really good early birthday!(:
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💡
If you are in the Washington DC Metro area and you are looking to get in shape and have fun call Lara www.denidanzco.com
When you hold me I feel safe.
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
Thank you, , for the nice kudos. I'm so pleased to be on your board. Women's Resource Fair was awesome. Looking forward to LAFOFF!
#Boringmoviesynopsis A toxic divorced guy gets chased all over the country and ends up at Mt Rushmore.
that explains how I went from 85 pounds last year to 100 something.. #howattractive I sware I'm only getting better looking
Sharing a table w/ the wonderful women of the Financial Center @ the Refresh Leadership conference
Thanks for the follow, Arielle! Blessings!
Brainy is sexy is brainy. RT : "Brainy is the new sexy" says #sherlockPBS promo; Brainy has ALWAYS been sexy in our house.
you have come so far in such a short amount of time I can't wait to watch you grow even more #MahomieFamily! Good luck moving!
bros and Caltrain is an explosive combination indeed.
so you're not scared of ANYTHING???
“: wassul” You need a phone boy. I be bored as fuck with none to do? Half days! What the moves is?
Somali Rose Body Bar available 5/17
has blocked me. Probably b/c I've fired them. I would care and be sad - but you ain't nobody in this town till I fire you
Do you remember WAY back in 2001...you built a website and "they would come"!!
The wind is back. Wish is would go away .
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her. ~Marilyn Monroe
Blink 182 cancels #ROC show. Travis needs emergency surgery...or atrocious ticket sales, you pick.
The opposite of poverty is not riches; the opposite of poverty is justice -Candi Darley
Well my band WAS gonna play with The Plot In You, until Matignon decided that graduation practice is the day before fucking graduation...
i knew the Os were bad but didnt realize they collapsed that bad year after year
- why would they do that? Dean has no vote in the Senate, its easy to attack him.
I never want to give anyone a reason to question my character.
A man is but the product of his thoughts - what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
you missed out on some major dancing in the rain and wheelchair action.
Enjoy the theater because that's about as good as it's going to get with that flick! ;) BTW, headed to SXSW?
Dwight Howard is a little bitch, shut up and play already.
Great topics crazy how people hide behind the freedom of speech SMH with the store front sign...
RT Making myself a banana shake ! On a diet ! My baby weight is finally almost al gone CHYEAH !
that is a lovely springtime drive! Glad you had fun!
Oh thank the maker! A TOUCHDOWN!
I've just driven past yours!! Was gonna pop in but thought you might be hanging after your wine delivery last night!
District #6. Our tributes are awful, just like the state. :) haha
I remember the first time I heard WMYB was off of my crappy phone while I was on vacation (with no internet) in Florida at 1 in the morning.
with gunna be insane!
me too. Got an 8.
Good to see today.... Nice dude. Good player.
#comcast out last night. Now #xcel power out in my area in St. Paul tonight.
looks like I don't have to clean off my bed tonight
Valentine's Foodie Freebie in #Denver - Complimentary house-made s'mores by the outdoor fire at Swing by after dinner!
The anthropology section is no longer in the Rose room, not that it matters.
ok, time to watch
What the fuck... River Song is actually Melody Pond? Mind fuck.
We're doing "Lunch Bunch" today - welcoming a new member by a few members taking them out to lunch :)
don't for get to vote tomarow for Albertobocanegra punch #55 for 12th ward Aldermen
lol you will..you wanna encourage to make me a lemon meringue pie? =)
I assume that means you're using a translator to tweet? I'm alright just being my lazy self
It's all wet. eww
Former Mpls Park Police Chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree sexual conduct just before his trial was to start. More coming up at 6:10 on CCO.
alrite.the song wont take long anyway
sounds delicious, and probably more so with coffee! :)
You know we'll always be using Twitter! PS. Michelle is unleashed super soon! ;)
"Try to figure out how to do something that is worth talking about." -Seth Godin
thx for the add man lets grab coffee soon
ME TOO
YW! I'm looking forward to Season 3 of Revolution on
Minister Henry Ward Beecher born 6-24-1813. Victoria Woodhull would later spur a campaign exposing his scandalous affairs
my mom reads those...
Eating at McAllisters in Kentucky and ran into someone who went to high school at PCA in Texas...
Watching Project X til I fall asleep
Don't act like you didn't need those 20$ so uh uh don't come at me like that gurrrllll!
spandex in the summertime...only in San Francisco
The lifeblood of our business is that R&D spend. ~Steve Ballmer #Apple <High value for #research!
MR. THE ALTUVE with some nice pop the other way!!!
Just heard #Bieber's new song on He sounded a LOT like Justin Timberlake circa '02
Chalk up another W. Make it a little bigger than usual because it's the stupid Cubs
m....you said it sista!
we will have to get together nxt time u are here.
Non-Goucher applications are due TOMORROW!!
Safe travels, Kait. :)
thanks for the
Annoying ass
Just gone buy my bedroom set Saturday...
what time is practice
And considering i did not train for it.
Our next reception is this Friday from 6-8:30pm. Will feature sculpture and abstract paintings. Hope to see you there!
Why thank you!!
Seeing your mom cry <
“sexy sexy"
i love it when you give me head but i hate it when you give me headaches;
Yes, I was teaching RDA-esque classes before I left MLNC in summer 2008. Mostly talking about FRBR.
We finally got Kizzle and Jaw Breaker strains back...come on in
Outdoor workout two Sundays in a row! In Chicago. In March. Wonderous but strange. The buds on the trees & bulbs bursting make me smile!
Every day is a new day.
Type casting blows!
Red Sox did something right. No PA announcer tonight.
"Enemies make you stronger, allies make you weaker"
Over 100! Thanks and !
Just purchased Garry Marshall's book. Should have it by Tuesday! :-)
Pura Belpre honoree is signing books at booth 2047 . Stop by and say hello.
"I'm still trying to figure out if President Carter is a Lil Wayne album or not"
Hearing the word tornado makes me want to vomit.
WTF is Nia talking about? Romney as a compassionate conservative?
I'll keep it short
I may be able to get it for you within your budget.
look forward to networking with you
RT I would like to go where time stand still and all that doesn't matter fade away”
That said, jpm/citi both allow intl wire transfers online (within limits) so not totally useless
LoL I don't play with substitutes. :x
Houston was one of our first networks to build! Follow our Houston network!
If you haven't tried our Tonno Tuna sandwich yet, you are missing out. Lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, provolone & cucumbers
I find it wierd because my cousin has MORE followers, and more tweets than me and I started my twitter first.
good morning world ... lets get it the dream team ... JUST WASNT MY TIME .....intil now
woohoo, me too! I always have to DVR it.
glad to hear, and let know if there is anything we can do to help!
Sorry about the lotto, TODAY is actually your lucky day.
well I guess, or you could say it costs then less money since they don't have to run a separate single flight for PHL to CMH now
i know you are
what up shorty
So... Paul's "rudiments" (KJV) are Euclid's Elements, the oldest classic math book. Paul saying "disregard math?"
Our HUGE NEWS! http//fangoria.com/index.php/home/all-news/1-latest-news/6881-fearnet-to-showcase-hollyshorts-film-fest-winners
Ye! He did amazingly!
I love you but I love ME more! - =D
Also new we got Monkish Brewing Rosa's Hips, Stone SSR Black IPA and more too!
who hurt you?
i wanna do this double date.
cough cough cough...im so sick, sick, sicks.
Is a situation, apparently. #jerseyshoreference? #whoismike?
I wish would follow me;( never say never? Please follow me!!! <3<3<3
ooh. U stay in Gary
Big time flop by Griffin on that one.
Me too! I'm definitely not too nice ban you. RT : LET IT BE KNOWN CHEATERS, WE WILL FIND YOU AND YOU WILL BE BANNED.
Whaaahooo! Eureka appeared in my hulu queue, finally!
Nice! Do you get the credit for the design and execution?
Got my braces off c:
Always a good night when I chat with
...and that a vapid personality can be camouflaged by a subscription to GQ, but shallowness must be taken in small bites.
Ah, thanks! We do love good Portland eats! RT : Cool site who just followed us.
23 school days left. I can do it. Maybe.
cena and puck is in a lot of PAIN tonight
I just want it like 3 inches shorter and super layered and feathered and stuff for summer.
That's what we like to call nailing it.
#FavoriteLyric swallow me backwards
#SJSharks headed to the power with just under 8 minutes left in the third; needless to say, trailing 2-0, this man advantage is essential.
Keep those submissions coming!
"DoD networks are a Warfighting platform"
New Post - Wearing Refreshing White. - RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED.
HAHAHAHAHHA that's why I didn't put anything inapporiate!! I knew you would forget or something
how many songs are going to be on the new EP??
I´m in school...in class my friend was going to hurt the teacher, but when she looked back he got scared, and he fell... HAHAHAHA
may I recommend while you are at Amoeba, pick up some excellent punk from Jersey City's ? Only 7 bucks today.
like a bitch.
Seeking a MacBook 2009 or later w/ iMovie for students to create multimedia projects year round. Help us spread the word?
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
haha as long as you recognize her inevitable downfall we're good :-)
RT : #fixaleak Week: a leaky faucet that drips at the rate of one drip per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons per year.
Time to find out what my mother's day surprise is. I am a little afraid.
“: Bout to clock in with " YES SIR!
Wentworth's finished speaking. Someone from Idaho is up now.
awesome! which brand?
ouch! Words and judgements that may bite you....
enjoy the zoo. :-)
Lounge on 20 with the wifey and friends...cool.
well it turned out great. Keep up the good work!
Hey Tom, have you had a chance to check out those apps yet?
Safe was pretty good! 👍👍
well. well. well.
bruce! #grammys he looks and sounds pretty good (though admittedly i'm not watching in HD)
Thanks much! Celebrating in #NYC! RT Happy Birthday Scott! :)
wow is this info on the net? I really liked Don I feel for him but hey at least he doesn't have to put up with Vickie's crap
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya
Wishing everyone holidays filled with love, joy, and relaxation! Stay beautiful!
RT : If you're sad about being alone on valentine's day just remember nobody loves you on any other day of the year either"
Thanks for making me dinner :)
Happy Monday!!
loving doctor stalker already bought it on itunes and ive been listening to it all day!! I <3 U
What a save!
No yoga tonight. I am officially under the weather.
yeah okay !!
Had a student write a fake magazine review of her research paper. She cites herself. Brilliantly done - may make this mandatory.
want me to help ya out? :D
nervous as hell! but ready for the #Giants to win this game!
i love that laptop...
Taking a break from the boxes and organizing, so I'm going to read some blogs and news I feel I have missed the past couple of days!
Square Peg sets its soft opening The new restaurant will start dinner on March 21.
had to muuucchh fun last night @ Karaoke....
Hungry to learn more about worship...getting lunch with an Indy worship leader. At Cracker Barrel. Amen.
Nice. What is that supposed to prove except that someone can adapt a template to their needs?
Am I the only one that thinks #Palin is using a superpac 2 pay 4 her bills & travel? She's not running 4 Prez. anymore than me.
: What are ways to deter people from a life of crime in the first place?
see you in february
Haha yep! Tomorrow @ warped tour! :)
Yesterday I told my kids I'm going to work and they said. 3,2,1 sleep now, 1,2,3 wide awake power. Wow they are learning and talking fast.
It is! I love Wilkinsburg. So much character.
Congrats to Hum. Council Advisory Board member Tom Ross on his inauguration today as president of the 17-campus UNC system.
Driving finally!! #ecstatic :)
send me a young whales hat !
The Semantic Filter For Social Media Moderation | From Bogota With Love...
its been a while lol !
Knocked to the ground and attacked. A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived.
Thanks, Jon!
bed before midnight for the first time in god knows how long? you can tell this weekend took a toll on me.
Then yes you can be my new best friend
Headed back to the Bay: SAN >>> OAK.
RT : GUANGCHENG TALKED TO ME. WHAT MEDIA REPORTED IS WRONG.
yikes! You should've of backed up your phone first
also, his standul helped me make change from agnostic to atheist.
YES! I caught it, and I'm throwing some right back to you both! xoxo
Im interviewing for the second time on Wednesday! I am nervous :P
cool. Yeah. I'll check out the website. Thx!
You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry D. Thoreau -
We got some rhubarb from jordan's mum yesterday, and did a very nice tart for #cooking. Everyone loved it !
What! Are the initials JP? RT : yeah? Guess who she is wearing!?
we're here too!
Hot as hell in my house i woke up thinkin I was fin to melt
I should be sleep, catching up on tweets. I can't tweet all day... Got too much planning to do. Ima Twit that plans....hahaha
what? When we hang and talk social media over tasty eats and good drinks, I promise not to make fun of the
I got your back! Bring ya a dozen!!
I havent been to in a lllooonnnggg time!! #wow '·'
ELCA will most likely (if they haven't already) embrace Obama's statement. LCMS will most likely condemn.
Facebook is about people you used to know; Twitter is about people you'd like to know better.
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Now Following
RT if you haven't tried REVERSE GRIP BENCH PRESS but after reading this are going to GET ON THAT!! 30%more upper pec fibers worked!
hahah thank you Andrea:)
lol i know
thank goodness!!
I'm a nerd. I wasn't even in Portland for 3 whole days before I got my library card.
*in class working on holocaust project* i look over to see what ashley did & she's drawing a picture of pikachu..
Bored.. Miss my friends.
Totally! I'm @ crossroads & I already know which way to go. Was having trouble catching my breath. It's alot of uphill from here!
wish I could see your Chris Walken impersonation right about now- GENIUS!
Steven Tanger of is in the office today speaking to a group of members
Just met an Italian girl on the beach... First girl I literally was speechless and could not talk to you, she said she loves my smile though
The total value of M&A deals taking place in Canada in 2011 was CA$123.6 billion - up 24.3% on the year before. Read more...
thanks:) love and peace through art to you!
sweet! Have a safe flight! MUAH!
I think I scared tonight with my intensity for the #clippers lol
Spring is finally here! Enjoy the weather, everyone!
A handful are so good they make you watch more. Worthwhile. RT I'm still very much a Bava newbie. Only seen a handful.
I was just curious in general.
I would do anything to meet Austin<3.
well then...I heard from the grapevine that shit's about to get nasty on the 1st
Damn my vecina has bad luck with her car 😂😭
Maybe you'll come?! It's Eliot and me! & learning while boozed! You need more reasons? ;)
You must have needed the rest also! Lil grandson needs a healthy grandma! Happy New Years!!!!!
chicago dryvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors, chicago dryvit repair, chicago eifs repair
Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself. -A Zen Saying
another example of how Republican conservatives want everyone to conform 2 what they say is acceptable isay thatsnhumane
If you know of a local male singer let me know their Twitter name, bcuz we have a song that needs to get done
Very excited to do this children's book
haha maybe its the angle. but he doesnt seem that big.
The game v. NJ on the 4th will be epic. PDX owns NJ's pick, but it's top 3-protected. Neither team wants to win.
Charles always tryna instigate shit wit that turtle neck on
usually!!! was their guitar chords in the beginning of it?? called "this town"
Also enjoying a lovely dinner at Mountain Oasis after attending a wedding at the courthouse!
Mhm.r u playing a pokemon game?
Bridesmaids' dresses with pockets? Never seen those before, cool!
We buy all damaged cars/trucks. Any Vehicle! Instant Offer:(503)789-2075
That had to be the truck tire...lol
got them for u! :)
Tonight Comedy Poplar Lounge Free 10pm Yes.
The devil is a liar...Im beating his ass and he is mad...punks jump to get beat down
RT Stay tuned to and follow for Carnival CHI updates! Save the date, Oct. 6th!
In Japan!
These bullshit schools commercials!
Word gay boy
It seems like w/ the NBA season wrapping up & MLB starting my anti- sentiments are fading. I feel like the US Gov't.
I have absolutely nothing against you being gay\bisexual but don't you think that 11 is a little too young to be either?
got my austin mahone tickets in the mail today june 22 2012 <3
Is that like live the one you love? ;-) RT : When you get home tonight kiss the one you live and be happy that you have each other
Here it comes! My secondary monitor for my iMac Viewsonic VP2365-LED 23-Inch Wide e-IPS LED Monitor (Black) Took me a year to pick it out
Keep it moving!
excellent. I'm sure u have great sndtrck for that movie. Better drvng song: TP runnin down dream / AL windows r rolled down?
Family Guy sucks balls.
Gimme a "like" if you have a big ol Van Halen hangover! JK
No way. I already set the bar as high as the US Bank building!! “: worried about the competition?”
I am a jealous person
This #RHOA is totally stupid loud & embarrassing. Like I think Andy was a little over them 4 real!
I'm seriously addicted to Boyfriend
What non-profits will you #GiveBIG to today? Donate to members:
can I come over ?
Also spoke to Chadima's lawyer today. He says they don't agree with everything in the latest report but they're happy with the findings.
Up early to work on school related powerpoint. Need caffeine. Fighting w/ Selkie-cat for use of the keyboard.
Do not be deceived. We must say no to invitations that compromise our witness, and take us away from the great work God has called us to do.
As you wish oh great one we anxiously await your return
Your music is inspiring, Jason. Love and Light to you! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Results of my MRI this week && hopefully the Dr will have news about my heart.
We're always taking applications!
Getting up before the sun is where it's at.
Lads that hog all the dumbbells & make a castle of it! Sorry, this is not your private healthclub, mate!
"I've been doing this longer than you've been alive little lady!" No doubt Granpa, let's try some newfangled technology, like power tools.
I'm gonna be more successful than at least 75% of the people who don't like me, so it really doesn't even matter.
lets put nyc nightlife back to were it use to be! retreat nightclub saturdays is a good start:)
when will NTDMV summit be?
ok fan club members!! if there is any1 that u know in the military send us there name or twitter and will give a RT in there honor!!
Eff yeah I re-watch episodes! Too bad Netflix doesn't have any beyond '09 though.
love nick cage movies
All the layin out today. Is the Lex poppin yet??????
RT : awesome job. Loved the music and ministry
Good luck remember to teach USA's 3 main exports: football, drinking games and porn
That was crazy. What a game.
good luck!
(nod) I hope everything works out well!
I work at Bang! 32nd and Lowell in the northside...I mean...the Highlands. I cook tues through sat. 2-10pm
Good song. You make me want to go listen to The Ink Spots with these "music that no one listens to" tweets.
My neighborhood smells better than yours.
Get a little tipsy, make out, and spoon. That's All I Wanna Do.
#dhtrial while people are generally afraid of lawsuits, in the end it comes down to a few days of presentation and a few hrs of summary.
Killed it a few states: Iowa, NV, WA. Establishment is losing their minds
Happy Birthday!
I'm reading it right now! Haven't been able to get too far yet but so far it's amazing
Jim Thome homers twice tonight in Detroit, second one his 600th career long-ball. H.O.F. pretty soon after he retires.
I get that a lot.
Best part of St Pattys has been Mexican in green wig singing La Bamba with the whole bus
Ever like something inappropriate on fb accidentally but don't want to unlike your like because you'll draw more attention to it.
We're might be getting a new President....wonder if the NBA and MLB can get new commissioners?
hha i do too, you think they make neon pets ? #iwantone (:
What a beautiful day in Chicago....
Tonite at 10 pm Salsa es lo que hay! Salsa radio show. Go to djreyboricua No se lo pierdan!
Careful people, on MacArther there in a man in a chicken suit trying to cross the road
anyone else at the #buccos game tonight? Where you guys sitting?
haha I won't tell anyone
Saw some incredible talent tonight. And it definitely had nothing to do with the Pens. Awesome show, !
Keep calm and make one of the boyz your Baby.
how many tweets do you get and how many ppl talking crap??
Didn't think I'd be able to survive the pain but I have and still do... Only problem is I'm still feeling that pain.
:0 TRAITOR ! You went to the dark side. !
Who contemplated calling in "sick" today to go run?
Does anyone know if McCleskey is on Twitter? If not let's make that a priority.
Happy first day of spring Boston! This weather is amazing.
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend?
So mad that didn't win, you're a winner in my book. you did a great Job!
Still have my lyre's mark on my arm... Oh, awkward.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo they understand me when I don't even understand myself
promoting #healing and #forgiveness is the only way to #positive future. Thanks so much!
Today I came to terms with 2 facts: I will be vacuuming up pine needles until next Christmas and we will have a fake tree from now on.
Perhaps today's topic could be "Dentistry" :)
it is long gone. Also. I have a replacement smart phone atm and don't have your
Really like the way we're playing tonight
Haha you went to the same family
I'm so angry right now!!!
Love you more! I def lol'd at your flip flop tweet too.
this weather is so amazing it almost makes me want to listen to country w/o and forcing me to!
call me any time tomorrow.
Thrilled I didn't go to the castle party. Hear I missed nothing. Figured as much, which is why I didn't go. Stayed home. Made $1000.
#Celeb News; #Massage Scandal w doing sex acts in a room w a man in detail.
I see someone is stalking my tweets tonight.. lol
I don't think he's hiding his ideas as much as he hasn't developed any. Requires too much deep thinking and nuance.
How come some people just don't get it? Put your kids first! They didn't ask to yours.
Ain't nothing like sitting n the Baylor student section n #uk headin to the #Final4 #BrowDown #GoBigBlue with
Why do all Presbyterians seem like they have something to hide? They are shifty.
haha my little sister is obsessed over how perfect ciara's hair is
Single-spaced papers are the
Please email ASAP if you want to play!
Who will be the hottest artist of 2012?
Just got the new Jesus iPhone. It gets immaculate reception.
Go Pacers! Pumped for the season!
I can't even sleep. I bet it was that fucking redbull .___.
I'm for real! Lol. Juices and salads no meat except for fish. No sweets.
I got to go into school to finish tis ish damn you PRO TOOLS...
yes true :) well, I think I won't need maths then, lol
Get some socialism Nevada
RT I think it is a pity to lose the romantic side of flying and simply to accept it as a common means of transport.Amy Johnson
love that commercial!
ha! thanks, Kyle. Love you, too!
it seems to have worked for Khloe and Lamar!
good :| a lil bored cuz the weather is sad..
“: I bet! I absolutely adore your cover of hey there delilah! ❤” Thank you!<3 It could have been better:p
~heard from the espn announcers that Batum was taken to a local hospital. please tell me they did not take him to grady.
yeah, the guy is wicked fast! We'll see what he can do in that all British team. It's got to be tough to crank in downtown.
you need them tomorrow ? K I'll go to school lol :b
Never made it as a wise man couldnt cut it as a poor man stealing
Love love loved breaking dawn. Good job dropping some of your awkwardness Kristin
Presentation went greatt!!!
after you call child #1 , sext me. Fill me in on the good news:)
So does that mean team is no longer denying he's been absent 70% of the time this year?
I love you too maddpie
As long as you like it, that's all that matters! (I tweeted that before that song got AMAZING.)
59% of Americans surf web while watching tv--Alec Howe, Breaking Trends, Magnet Conference, Amsterdam.
"I'm not so rich that I can afford junk," Czech saying goes. Interesting, too, when applied to life choices. "Do it for reals" I guess.
: "id seriouly cry if i had to read for fun! Are you texting too? Id be texting instead of reading! Ohhmyygodd"
I just ate the quidet from jetties... OMG! The best Italian sub of my life!
It's not you, it's me. God those words fucking kill me.
forget it.
Great news! Congrats!!!
Analysis: Political divisions slow Islamic finance in a parliamentary committee, prescribes "love"
Working on off shoring my To Do list...
but I'm rite herw
Crap. I've done something awful to my collar bone. Turns out, it's very handy when raising your arm.
; finals tomorrow &&& monday . yaaaaaay
Loving hearing things like that. I'm sure does as well! Working on our Fall show already..... ;)
Not going to say and I are responsible for Pedro's power surge BUT after making fun of his .108 avg he's hit 4hrs.
These poor guys. Their necks seem to be paining them.
Marriage? Sorry, I can't mate in captivity
Short days. Long nights. <<<<<<
RT : Pancakes with the best friend <3
This movie is crazy ! So the president is responsible for killing that girl !
I thought I was leaving, not going to bed. i did leave a while and then came back, but I will leave again soon.
Sorry, you CANNOT put Mo ahead of #MickeyMantle. You never saw him. I did. Jeter, you have an argument.
RT : Had a fantastic bloody mary tonight. Dare I say one of the best in the city?
Thanks to everyone who entered or nominated for Showroom of the Year! And thank you as always to our #SOTYawards co-sponsor, !
Your generous donation counts double today thanks to the Please #giveBIG now!
Nixon bleeds people. He draws every drop of blood and then drops them from a cliff. He'll blame any person he can put his foot on.
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
What is going on on #dwts right now?
Really like this song (: - purple sky ♥.♥
It took SO LONG to get here! lol. The #BBN is crazy happy to have you! Biggest family you can EVER be a part of!
Ideapaint is the way to go! They even sell it at Home Depot.
#nowplaying The Luckiest ...and I am the luckiest these days
Time to call Crash Davis...“: looks like Corpus needs a rainout.”
Haha Idk it just kinda sounded awesome to me :)
At least can display the page correctly.
Legit weekend
Coincidence that Salty is catching Beckett tonight with the Nationals showing interest in Boston's catchers?
i think we just bonded.
Changing your name to Metta World Peace: what you do when you want to make a regrettable decision but your body's too full of tattoos.
Join the conversation with Use
we got your back. just wish there was something more I could do v.v
Ugh, hate to hear this. RT : #Orioles LF Nolan Reimold was just hit by a pitch, looks like in the side of the face.
Hello Wednesday! Please be gentle. :)
Hunger games. Who wants to go?
Warning: I WILL look like a mess tomorrow
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my c*ck in your ass.
is going to finals "whoop whoop oh yeah, thats right, thats right!" Hahahaha
how was the concert?? I wanted to see him in Chicago.
#nf ... Shout out please
$ITTING HERE THINKING ABOUT THE CHAPTER$ & CHARACTER$ THAT LED ME TO WHERE I AM TODAY IN MY LIFE. NO REGRET$
#BREAKING MT Attn: Animal junkies. BuzzFeed will be posting awesome cat pictures in the early am. Set the alarm and visit.
Bay won't be forgiving Emmett. Maybe Ty will come back If not I still don't think she will take Emmett back. Can't wait 2 find out.
hahahahahahahahhaha that's so true
New Hair Extension Photos just added!!
Some pots, I'm aspiring to have a lemon tree in a container this year. WOO HOO
Less than 10 min b4 #SYTYCD to begin can't wait to see the all stars and the contestants dance tonight. Good luck to everyone!
Precious products. Great pictures that made me smile. Are you the designer? Do you sell wholesale? Sending a DM X
Mitt Romney needs to stay in the sight of the media and keep expressing what he will do as President
Me too! // RT : All those aviators on Twitter who AREN'T at #OSH11 - let's hear ya! We'll sulk as a group.
We're opening 10 minutes late, due to maintenance work in the store. See you in just a few!
I have a baby chicken<3 His name is Roger!
The smile says it all...
Your such an inspiration to Plus size Models/Females and to African American Model/Females and I respect that a lot about you:)
Thanks Wendy=) I've got Angelo B. on youtube now....YAWN....:)
thanks Melissa! we'll definitely look into that event! hope all is well
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights
Thank u sir!
yes he is
Blessings brother to you and the family. Please YouTube lil jonny on drums asap!
Raised the price of my iPhone App from free to 99 cents. Sales improved. Go figga. ow.ly/1FIpk3
RT “: Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting axed.”
With a child theme you take advantage of 2010's custom menu areas, widget areas, print stylesheet, tons of CSS hooks, etc.
had my Facebook and I called or should I say text u not to long ago?
So if Ike hadn't written him back, Barry Landau would never have taken to thieving?
how much on your side of town boost
So much to do with so little time; lord plz order my steps
Yes indeed. I am going to be opening ===> You have any big plans for the summer?
Me too!
I'll bring you cereal. what kind?
Amazing week for team appssavvy!
follow back CUTIE
votes counted! thanks!
did they play a clip?
Another win for #mubb. Excited to see what adds to the bench
you're the greatest! I love you and miss you!
Anybody watching the NBA playoffs so far? If so, what do you think? These injuries have weakened the matchups too much for me so far.
we'll let you know as soon as we get some!
Good! How's you? Living in your shiny, new place yet? x
Writing a list of all the crazy stuff we need to do before we die :)
Can't wait for the inspired halftime Superbowl(TM) show, featuring a band covering Who songs!
I'm not listed in the 'living people' category of wikipedia. Neither are you. In other news, wikipedia has a 'living people' category.
JoAnne Kloppenburg said she is the winner of the Supreme Court race and said she believes her victory will stand despite a recount effort.
hahahah u and i both!!! :D
": Some days, I wish I could share my opinion publicly."I hear ya sista!
Realizing that "really good anti-virus software" doesn't do much except slow down your machine and hence not using any.
Ah, excellent point. I haven't seen it in such a long time, wasn't drawing my inspiration from that. Thanks.
This was meant for u - see previous tweet lol
Dig the outdoors? Hiking? Backpacking? Check out today's episode of Hike Yeah, live at 2pm Pacific - www.hikeyeah.com
I'm taking a go at writing. Maybe a script, or a book... so far I have 3 pages of thoughts and 1 scene for a screenplay.
Finding myself RTing a lot lately. Maybe he could take over my twitter for a day like did for
Save the date: 7/27. You'll want to check out the #alleyshrimp exhibit @ next 3rd Ward Gallery Night. How do I know? I just do.
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine "Ive always wondered why you bothered putting make up on, you dont need it"
Zucchini bread is the bomb! I know where you're coming from
Are you an #athlete? Or maybe a #vegan? Maybe just curious, or How about both? Than #FF ! Eat Kind.Be Strong
#AskFarrakhan if you don't understand a situation in your everyday life.He'll tell you the truth and make you accept the fact that you deny.
or maybe that means you should never leave?!
Always happy to brighten!
Bahahaha MY bestie don't know who 'New Edition' is lmfaoooo
We receive temporary assignments on a daily basis! If you have #records or #library experience and would like to be considered, reach out!
i see the wife in a few weeks im so excited
I love being part of the Mahomie Family ILY <3
What kind of Motorcycle did previous Governator- Arnold Schwarzenegger ride in Terminator 2?
how are you working on hw & on twitter at the same time Kiki?! Smh
no way!
Sadly, while I was born in Italy, I don't speak the language =P
if only you saw what i can see ,.. - what makes you beautiful <3
it's for emphasis
. Avengers and hunger games are the 2 summer movies I wanna watch right now.
I'm with ya! I'll get the rope and bear traps, you get a net and catapult.
Niggas brag about the lamest shit...brag about being a solid person & a good friend!
Re-watching #BB season 8 on YouTube......man Amber was a case in a half lol
Sounds good. Where are all the cool kids going to be this weekend anyway?
When no one was there, Music was :-)
k good I don't lie :)
Just got in an accident on US 131. Great way to start my day. Police said its not my fault because somebody hit me first before I hit a van.
IM SO HAPPY OMG IM GONNA CRY
I'm up for lunch sometime if you're interested!
Last #Friday in this gay as school!
Seriously, being stuck in Little Rock instead of surprising my mother at TBPIA is not part of the plan. O airplanes. #blessing&curse
Join us for our meet up on Jan 12th ! Meet us at 6:30pm for Houdini: Art and Magic. RSVP
When it comes to writing the best advice I ever received was.....Finish!
Thanks for the shout out for our moules-frites!
how was your date with ? (:
thanks for the FF :)
all great players. i really like ASHBA too. unique style.
Yes! When is this? RT : can we trend #7yearsofTohoshinki or something for 7th year debut anniversary of Tohoshinki?
#codypuppynamesuggestion his/her name should be kisha. If its a girl.
No worries at all! Great tweets! Thanks for representing!
This is the cutest little library/park ever. An older man just let his 2 long hair dachsunds swim in the little creek. :)
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
None. But let me know if you have any overwhelming response... I need to do that this week too.
The course of true anything never does run smooth.-- Samuel Butler
Hello, and thank you for following. Look forward to sharing here on Twitter too. Best wishes to you.
I do not think it is Mongolian!
Mobile Marketing basics #mmaf2012 sharks or minnows? Which am I? Bigger brains are needed.
So happy to do so!
unstable creature
Thank YOU for all that you've done (& continue to do) for all Marylanders!
Dear Mr. Pickard, I thank you for beating the Americans, but why can't you show my Hawks a little more love?
Wease marathon raises 20k for Monroe Community Hospital so far. WOW!
please support homelessdogmusic launch jan 2011
truth...I may fall asleep soon
What the hell, damn guy
s/o to scruggs for burning the chicken I still have the taste in my mouth!!!.
The Mahomie family is about to get a WHOLE LOT BIGGER. <3
Cool I learned something.
im havin one right now i got 7 girls in one queen size bed somebody bout to be on the floor
Just found out that I missed the 2012 Long Beach Grand Prix. Now I have 11 months to plan for 2013.
i want to live in bobbi's world. (could we change the lyrics to "bobby's girl" and perform this as an opener for alan jackson?
I used to drink all night, get up 2 hours later and work 10 hours...lol How the hell did I do that?
oh yeah I'm flattered haha
Proud of and the entire family because they refuse to settle for anything less than greatness!
please tell your friends to follow us and add us on Facebook :-) you guys/girls are awesome!
I'm the only one on this bus. Creepy.
10 minutes till my team's Opening Day. 10 minutes till my new year begins.
y'all should I shave my moustache before a meeting at the White House? like is this shit disrespectful
I heart u Keo!
yes unfortunately
Happy hour at Starbucks makes me happy 😃
you don't have a phone ?
Not true. Your favorite breakfast spot is with and I at the Airport Diner.
I can't change the past. I would if I could.
3 words- Yes-No-Maybe
please follow she is you biggest fan!23
the chocolate fountain at golden corral is good:)
Man up Evan!
4 swings for Cano to hit one for the Derby title.
Just hours away from opening night of The Columbine Project!
Wow! Lol! Highest Praise. #m #bacon ;)
The dog reminds me that humans have been civilized a long time. The cat reminds me it's a short trip to going feral.
great first night here in bucharest. now time to chill out
to the lost.
Gonna meet some Caps players tonight 8D
said that we only get ONE colored flower arrangement. I'm thinking she might RECONSIDER. Yes?!?
lol I'm "feeling" great
Life or death
Thanks for checking out our site.
Blue suede... binding? Yup. Where's a camera when you need one?
Dancing with the Stars Watch: Classical Week Results
"I'd rather be hated for being blunt than be loved for being a sucker."
We will not go down without a fight!
awesome! Keep me posted and let's catch up when you're back!
High lifes? High lives?
Found Superbaby by Jenn Berman a little overwhelming by browsing but I still want to buy it & read it cover to cover. Wish it was in Kindle.
Money make the coochie go woo woo
Not what your arteries are saying
Lost them both last night. NBA 6-7, NHL 3-3, +175. Only one today NBA: Under 173.5 Boston vs Atlanta. Good Luck!!!
you both are retards, just admit you both fucking love me.
Interesting site: Artilinki is a art community website for art professionnals. Join at : www.artilinki.com via
I love #Smilers there so sweet, never drama, we stick together, nobody breaks us, we follow back eachother, & we both love MILEY!
supplied names and photos takes us to a place familiar to all phishers
In love with my love mykira...mommys baby 4eva=)
Really weak, only got to the first row.
": "Commitment doesn't scare me, the thought of committing to the wrong person does." #realtweet" Gucci 2xs rt
Get Money Girls on standby get at me pimpin
I'm just sorry UConn couldn't pass any of their tests. We'll send you a postcard from the 2013 postseason.
5 Pound Dumbbell across the kids head with the beats on his head
Nope I totally love you more!! :) xoxo but I'm going to bed because I'm really tired so GoodNight & Sweet Dreams! :)
"baby you light up my world like nobody else" why? did she flash you? ... lululululzs see what i did there
Ok iknw its not all of yall but sum keep putin up things bout SelenaG& JB heres wat ithink yall should leave them alone its their life
I love food.
backtrack doe....how is this
Just saw the tweets about this #Syracuse game. I'd love to see a huge upset but I'm sure you think otherwise.
Just signed up for a CSA, so expect my already famous dinners to be even more tasty this summer. Meal application request now accepted...
follow before she commits!5
RT : Thank you so much for your participation in the #BVBchat on education equity this afternoon!
RT : Power has been restored to Jamul and Ramona
My pot is melting
don't you just love waking up to #danilo yelling outside your window
I don't have her nudes though... LOL
Has The BEST Smile Ever !
Taking a drive east. Coffee in hand. Life is good!
Glad my english class is actually quiet.
I'm researching #WebArchiving description. What type of metadata standards are used in your archive?
Me 2. Come back to #Chicago RT Man I love dubstep
OK, that's it. I have to meet you. STAT.
I take Rondo by a slim margin
"Does anyone know a good free stock footage site?" try www.istockphoto.com. not free footage, but just about. good luck!
trying to figure out the best route to be a military pilot
Loving #Scandal so far! The writing is very Aaron Sorkin-ish
thanks for the follow! One Love. P.R.P.
LOL...I'm sticking to it anyway.
RIP Facebook. I mostly feel bads for the kids now that WON"T have every second of their lives taped
downs after dark starts tonight, I can only assume you are blowing off finals and driving to Louisville for it. Start promoting
Greetings all! Forgive any newbie errors - my first Twitter chat! So far what all of you say rings true, sadly.
May 4,1952 Churchill wanted to see a march past of British, American, German and French troops when he visited Strasbourg.
I do he's cool.
So yeah, about that #Kings -- #Coyotes Western Conference Final......
o I want to read that!
To my dearest followers, lovers of spoken word and of guttural laugh: please follow
I was so frustrated, felt like cannon-balling the pool...then I remembered I can't swim
Dream always, hope strong, and love endlessly, and remember what u go thru builds your character
Pelicans floating Slowly over beach row homes. Ocean goes "shhushh.... shhushh...."
Hope you choke on whatever you eating. lol.
Okay I'm going to try and enjoy myself.
woke up from an oprah dream. that must be an odd thing, being a public figure: people you don't even know exist are having dreams about you
Thn u say I act lik I'm the baddest female u been with....n is bc nobody else wants to deal wit ur bummy ass
I WISH YOU WOULD SEE THIS BUT YOU PROBABLY NEVER WILL :( BUT IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Looks like I just snagged my first paid web-design gig! Huzzah!
Good morning evil geniuses.
WOW U R FUNNY...
pot or not people? vote now.
“: Bad news! Mumford had no sons!”~~uh oh
Don't be so dramatic. It's fantasy.
If #whatawomanneeds is just a place to call home. Then, #whatmakesahome?
thank you. really glad you are enjoying it.
Fact that it's the first book you have read outside of school says volumes, disqualifies commentary on 's asshole.
shut up!
🔊🎧Boom ba doom doom boom ba doom doom hey 🔊🎧
Why would one need a wireless remote for a car stereo?
Love collaborating with folks and hearing about your innovative work in your social peds residency track
Oh I forgot about frosted ones! I totally need to go on a cheerios shopping spree haha.
ha ha. Just some local guy with a huge forehead and skin like candle wax. He's a ginger but covers his freckles with makeup.
Are you interested in seeing the "big costumes" compete - Kings, Queens & Individuals? Sunlife Stadium 10/07/11. 7pm to 2am!
BACK IN THE DAY CAFE, now playing: 2 LIVE CREW: HOOCHIE MAMA
gorgeous sunshine here in SF. seems like everyone is out on washington square park in north beach.
"Slow down, calm down, don't worry, don't hurry, trust the process." (Alexandra Stoddard) #lifelessons I live by in my work & personal life
99.9 of people on twitter aren't running for office but they're brave enough to show their faces. Go get 'em Batman!
Too many charity gifts? Doesn't seem right.
I cant even sleep on my own schedule. smh
Thanks for sharing your daily tweets of humor, wit, sarcasm, and useful info. Much appreciated.
Vince Neil is a ghost hunter. New dream: hang out with Vince Neil and Meatloaf in
Loving my girl so fuck ALL y'all hoes
I'd love to visit Biltmore again in the spring ;) xxfingerscrossedxx
100 Calorie packs are just the right size to make you angry there aren't more cookies.
RT : This has got to be a hectic day for Antonio Cromartie and Shawn Kemp.
Dude, take it easy! It's twitter! Besides, if u were REALLY as good as u think u are, u could make it work from wherever u r.
They cant stand me
: 5 Guys has opened here in #Milwaukee! Sweet! - I'll see your 5 guys and raise you an - now these are some burgers.
If you need an auctioneer, I think is your girl. I mean, if you can pull her away from saving the world.
Little sister wouldnt do that
Travis Zajac you precious human being.
We are working out how to donate to charity by pledging for ttwnyc braclets for make a wish on of MJS favorite charities =)
I'm back in jr high again.
if you tweet me back.... i will scream, take a pic, and put It in my locKer. haha
wow! Yes, it is. Very jealous. Happy planning. I hope to see lots of photos!
Thanks for all the follows we hope everyone is enjoying Spark!
I will, thank you! :)
Trade Offer For PaperPastels ◕ ‿‿ ◕ - cabochons bows
Flânerie, or Google by foot
Keeping client docs in hard copy creates problems: misfiled or lost docs, to flood/fire damage. Avoid these by scanning your hard copy docs
That's what I'm talkin about! Thanks so much for playing it! Any way I can help the station, let me know!
I live you dude.! And you deserve so much more Jess.!!!
It was awesome! Thanks Tim.
Good times @ trivia tonight! See y'all next week!!!
all those fairy tales are full of shit.
Don, I Anything, Know Art, About
that does not surprise me :-)
what will this untalented family do next for attention?? Such a proud mom.. Daughter makes a sex tape. Now she tweets this.
That is great to hear!
So, and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
Thank you, Memory! :)
When you feel like a cold might be coming on there is nothing better than a spicy bowl of pho from Vientiane Noodle Shop on 35th & National
I got throttled by AT&T and switched to Sprint.
Skinless chicken breast Tuna and other lean fish 95% lean beef Egg whites Whey protein powder Fat-free cottage cheese
Please be you
Not to be an ass, but, yeah. People are going to disagree with you, and have every right to, perhaps you shouldn't get so upset
Tonight's Specials: Food: Grilled Chicken, Avocado & Bacon Sandwich w/ Pepper Jack Cheese & Choice Side $11. Drink: Strawberry Margarita $6
So is mine
I'm going to the concert here but my mom is making me pay in school work!
fucking cat peed on my blankets -___-
What's your favorite new band that came out this year?
you took me serious last night! and now can you answer why you always reply to my random questions!
meet Sounds like something you like
#Usher on
Marathon training has been a LOT easier this go around thanks to and in my ear!
Yes. RT : So the city of Austin will unveil Willie Nelson statue on 4/20. Is that a bit of a marijuana endorsement too?
