Ha! “: To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News. #GameChange”
Thank you for playing #GuessAnumber! Good luck!
So great to hear from you and this amazing shift!! Love it Glenn!! Let me know when you come to Miami!!
haha yep, I don't have to work that much next month, so I'll probably do a lot of writing within that time period
has the best tweets on twitter. Period
Why is it difficult 4 so many? Weaving in story is the art. 2 many name/rank/serial# lbls leave visitors out o/t equation
I get angry, frustrated,and irritated with humanity enough as it is. When people I know start eliciting those feelings, ugh. What to do?
Hear Interstates on the Syfy Channel's "Waverly Hills - A Haunting on the Hill" this Saturday!
Ok here we go today is the day! We all put in work and Steff in the building!
a hard boiled egg, baby dill pickles and a handful of pecans here. What???
thank you! we look forward to making a lot of progress for you to follow!
no I'm not lol and Im nothing watch it 2night lol
Hi Chloe. You're a winner in our Free Roscoe DVD giveaway. Contact us by direct message to arrange delivery.
April is autism month...I'm thinking there should be a month to bring awareness to genetic disorders. #xq28 duplication
Meet , the #startup which helps you to boost your romantic life at
Welcome to the show from it's The Tweet-dio show!
.: you will definitely be more comfortable that way
All these damn people with potential worried about proving ppl wrong you'll miss your success
Ready to get this recre done.
How do you choose your toothpaste? Expect more!!! No SLS! Low abrasion! www.closys.com/choosePaste.html CloSYS@ Walgreens
omgomgomg! I LOVE THAT FUCKING MOVIE !!!
hey ricky, it takes us just a couple days to process - sometimes goes out the same day. then it's in the hands of USPS.
'Bout To Start Working On A New Piece(:
Love seeing all my family
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. - I Corinthians 3:16
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL ♥
ur man is a scrub & im better than him in every aspect
pretty chill. Just trying to do some promoting! How about you.
Don’t miss #DrOz show tomorrow. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Just watched my big fat greek wedding for the first time. Great movie, I cried but I do that on all movies lmfao
Audition time!
Behind those hazel eyes theres alot that lies
another Day another twenty cents
Biscuits and Gravey!
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
Pre-Derby Party tomorrow
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
I love how people say something but their actions are completely different.
Michael Hunt: Suicides are more trauma for NFL | NorthIowaToday ...
any fangirls of bands that have never seen Taking 5 are missing out on an opportunity to plan an amazing thing
who wants a free t-shirt?
ITS 10:08 LEFT IN THE QUARTER.
No. They look like brother and sister.
ok you in your room right now?
Iv broke it!
"Will we get out of this little hell?"
if u already on it u need to get on that french montana coke boys 3 it's hard
Aw You just got us pregnant. RT: Just got done watching Loved it! Try to pry the smile off my face! Can't do it!
Shake It Off
I can't be on Twitter as much anymore. . . get caught up.
The dialogue on GIRLS is at times genius.
Ok i get it, i can be an asshole, get the fuck over it.
Hey that's on stage!
Let's Go Denver Nuggets!
"On Tap" is starting to take off. 4 segments in the can. Beer on the Boards this weekend. The "Oast House" hop farm on 4/14. Busy..Busy.
Maybe 3 inches of snow out there so far. Time to go shovel before the school bus arrives. Still coming down! Be safe Chicago drivers!
more like video days muttin chop questions!
I watched "Black Dynamite" last night & "Gentlemen Broncos" over the weekend. Fantastic films. Nice work editing & mixing, !
ye make sure to remind me
Don't forget...today's spring planting in the Village. Meet at Joe's at 2:00!
Can't believe tonight is my last night of Spring Break!
Pandora is trolling me and I am going to cuss out some teenagers soon. Fuck.
sucks to suck
Breaking: Michelle Bachmann becomes Swiss citizen. Millions of Swiss to relocate to Belgium.
Thank you
LOL!!! I'm on the same page...
I'm ready for Christmas!! :)
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers and mothers to be and those who may not be moms by brood but by actions! :)
The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better. -John Dewey
#whosgonnalose - AFC playoffs - NY Jets at San Diego - Fricke: Jets will lose Landry: Jets will lose Team vote: Jets will lose
Energetic 2 days of training @ Clark Security this week. #Medeco & #KeyMarkX4 classes were packed! Awesome seeing there!
: Think might go insane when he hears what me and are creating in the studio!!
hugs back from LA :)
DAMSELS IS IN DISTRESS is easily as good as anything Whit Stillman has ever done.
Being Girly&Punk Mixed Is So Cute To Me^.^
A small world ! HNY back!
noone tells me anything around here!
where u at now?
When you need PROTECTION as danger approaches in your life, go to the secret place of the Most High & hide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Haha #YouWish .... jk its true ;b I want you sexually in my ass
I understand @ carrying books after BEA. Plz let know ur thoughts on Illegal.
3) Louis taught me to be myself, be a little mischievious and have fun.
"Unions are the other side of big money, they put boots on the ground" -Hon. Sheila Kuehl
Two fish-farming films to be screened at CU - Daily Camera
thats all you bro xD P.L.U.R.<3
On p337, judge lists problems w 2009 GA State policy: Needs to advise on length limits, assume that license offer weighs in pubs favor
#agreeded! RT : it was great meeting you ladies this afternoon. Love your vision
X amount of words - Blue October
Thanks for the recent follows! I look forward hearing from you all!
Agree!! #ScrewINSURANCE Those r a pain n the A$$
how do I get in touch with you?
I love people that use all caps, it's a nice way to let me know beforehand that I shouldn't listen to you
You are the best graduating buddy ever!
Tried forgetting about the sad stuff. Went on Facebook, saw the post that made me upset and now I'm back where I was 20 minutes ago. Sigh.
That doesn't surprise me in the least that you're getting tons of traffic - that feeder is awesome!
Did you know those little umbrellas actually serve a functional purpose? TO KEEP YOUR DRINK COLD??? give that guy a nobel prize
SUMMER. <3 Were gonna hang. ((;
I HAVE MY PHONE :')
Very Cheap Flights &amp; Best Airfare Prices | The Ultimate Collection Of ...
to see , MN transplant, et al at 8 tonight...
Noo this doesn't make sense WHAT
Huh? *confused by your last post*
My goal for memorization of pi (π) is 138 digits by march 14th so I can fill up one whole tweet with numbers on pi day.
Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king. This custom has become the modern military salute
": When life changes to be more difficult, change yourself to be stronger."
Your roasted & salted whole cashews are WAY TOO SALTY! Can you guys fix this?
If you're looking for lunch in Wicker Park, go get some tacos at Great food on a great Sunday!
You guys ready for the Red Sox to start up? Because us Bostonians are!! #BostonPride #NESN Follow back??
Also, mortarboards aren't "one size fits all". I had to have an XXL one when I got my BA.
Thank you thank you! Your support and others makes us smile! :)
Ah, yes.
I need to stop doing my nails before I go to sleep lol
i'd love to hear Jamez Anthony on
Fort collins tomorrow! house party at 1208 stover st, I'll play when the sun goes down
Relaxing day at home today! Planning on soaking up some more vitamin d later!
So excited for the Ignite Your Growth symposium tomorrow-follow posts
Israel continues illegal detention of thousands of Palestinians without charge
Alfonso Smith 4th stringer. Yeah, who?
#sotu Is anyone else sick of the clapping? its like we are watching a endless loop no matter what #POTUS says they clap! Sick of it already?
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
how you get an A- at your internship at the radio station?
I really needed that this morning... Thanks for that <3
I don't think I'm being overly dramatic here, but that might have been the worst episode of The Office I've ever seen.
Lets Strive For Greatness
good practice and new songs on the plate so thats cool.
Jesus. That's insane. Sucks that he had to drop out, but I have little sympathy for those who drive drunk.
Joey is so clutch down the stretch. He just takes over
Yesterdaiiye i saw madd ppl hating on and idk who the hell they are and stop this bulls*** I hate the crap they do Smh >_<
mmmhmmm- your probs the one always setting the alarm off :p hehehe
damn I forgot all about Michelle Branch lol
“: Being Amish would be awesome!” hahaha ironic!
Our 7th annual MS Walk is this Saturday May 5th at UC Irvine. It's not too late to join the coolest team at the walk ;)
Pitched the graphic Novel to who?! And congrats! Can't wait to read it! (btw: this is JD, on my new writer-y official twitter).
you're not playing that Team Ninja Metroid are you?
Loved seeing give a message of support to Hollie Cavanagh on American Idol tonight. Very cool thing to do.
The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine. -Chuck Palahniuk
doing ok..just "living the dream"..lol thankful for another day here with all of the ones I love<3. How's your family doing??
Ben very busy these past days, If you'd like to receive my newsletter, message me. I only send out updates on His stuff & on substance abuse
I thought vacant meant that the restroom was occupied, so I sat there for ten minutes waiting for someone to come out.
Love delivering a finalized project
We're not social workers, that's not our job, our job is to figure what social workers need in software.
"I GOT A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS OUT HERE... WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS... I SURE AS HELL CAN'T FUCK EM ALL!"
My ear keeps sticking to the pillow.
hahaha.. I used to have that problem til I bought a payasyougo droid!
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you <3 x
iam the jealous type
How exciting, congrats :)
were the NFL first team on twitter
Let's GO LAKERS!!!!
Just unbelievable game!! Miami crowd is out of loss for words. Never count Dallas out that's all I'm saying...
Awesome! I can't wait to see them!!
Peanut butter sandwich in one hand. Kindle in the other.
Welcome (and I hope you find time to continue your philanthropic work because that's awesome)
Loved chatting with my sister tonight. Brought a little love, positivity and faith.
BRAD PAISLEY IN 18 DAYS!!
I love you Austin!<3 too bad you aren't following your chains 
# Art of misdemeanour session, punk rock day at World Summit, rahr!
the only thing I don't like about my class is that some of them can't stop talking during the movie..like come on!!
you need to go to hollywood
Poker Icon Amarillo Slim Passes Away
Hey Darrell why did your house get raided?
Meagan Good looked really good in #ThinkLikeAMAn she should dress like that all the time
I love that song
Thank you. This is so beyond me K and some people have no ideal of what it takes to say with a true calling from God~BAMM.
If bitches could fly, my school would be a fucking airport .
I wish The Avengers would come out already. All the comics, my childhood will either be satisfied; or obliberated.
Professor T. Ford
I used to have 2,000 followers. Now I don't even have 200 lol
Eric Pio~ I am a poet. I lock myself in my room with a type writer so I can talk in terms of the world that has put me here.
We are seeing more and more call for meaningful participation from indigenous companies. - Mofe Boyo of
Need a Mother's Day card? We have some super cute and unique ones as well as the perfect gift for Mom!
Sounds like wld b combined w others.Has benefits-making friends in other states is valuable.Great way 2 compare skills
Did you know that #Scharcares is the mantra of and that they've been committed to the #GF community for more than 30 yrs?
sure! Will I get a good laugh? (:
Been there, done that so many times. :-)
Today's Insider Branding Secret via Rogers: "....challenges are opportunities, disguised as limitations...."
YES!! GET HERE!! RT : hahahaha.. OKAY!!! GET YO ASS TO SEATTLE.
To make a prairie it takes clover and one bee one clover, and a bee, and revery The revery alone will do, if bees are few. - Emily Dickinson
I mentioned this yesterday, but I will repeat that I have a superabundance of gunny sacks and am willing to give them to interested parties.
Taking a Look at the Philadelphia Eagles Revamped LB Corps - SB Nation
Playing football with my family :D, im the goalie >:)
and to win or succeed, you must risk losing. if you lose, you become wiser. =)
Geez I hate it when guys use steroids... It's fake. And gross.
thank you for the #SHOUTOUT!
do u guys have gothem sirens?
lets chill next weekend, I'll even come over. C: <3
and that's just one pair of Pointe shoes.....
so we played soccer today. glad to say i actually scored
This is true.
It would be really cool if gave a shout to me for being a fan since Hybrid Theory EP.
So far, different unis for Jazz but same results.
thank you!!
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
On the road to Baltimore for this surprise b day party...
Of the years I've been here, I've never really noticed an accent.
Art of Lyricism to be program at West Caldwell library - New Jersey Hills
Good morning Madison! Just finished our quiche breakfast. Ready to rid the world of union thuggery, one leftist bastion at a time.
hey justin im just a simple girl who has loved and suported u for 3 years can u please follow me ? I love u *__*
Time to go to bed now.# lol I forgot am not doing nothing in the morning.
If you only had 1 exercise you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
May be able to help. Describe symptoms better - what do you see when browsing to the .svc and to the .svc?wsdl ? Any errors?
damn I wonder what's the limit
i am so
okay okay no rebellion... *sigh* (:
bought Up all Night AND the yearbook edition!!!
we? How? Lol
Atleast the post office is never crowded.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end -Adams
My tan lines on my feet<<<<
Raise it! Bring home the series victory tomorrow for a Happy Mother's Day.
Girl the line is wrapped out the door i guess imma just go to da orange sto lol RT : ooooohhhh I wanna come lol
sup wit tha kid? You ready for that Ceddy Nash
Have a fantastic holiday weekend everyone! I'm spending it making my own fabric headboard featuring an elephant and lotus flowers.
Dr. Biagioni of nyu: studying magnetic stimulation of brain to change how people with pd learn new motor activities #pairup4pd nyc
and a NICE 3 starts the game!!
Credit to DR for finding a pic that matched up RT : Lol!!! It's uncanny!!!
The hashtag discussion is a particularly difficult form to get a handle on and is a nice model for lots of the points in the book.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt
The 10 is screwed, in case you were wondering.
Hey NYU! We still in middle of #Phase3.Our current availabilities are in Brittany and Lafayette. The rest of our residence halls are closed.
yes, but kind of sporadic. We can set up our own thing at joe's. Thurs? I'll be out of town a lot this summer.
how do you deal with showing clients proofs from a 3:2 ratio camera if they may want 8x10's
Audition tomorrow. So long since I've auditioned 4 anything (don't get me wrong, that's a good thing), that I'm a nervous wreck! Tragic.
Smart, attractive girl is now in a relationship with redneck, douche-bro. Story of Facebook relationships.
Nomination Deadline for 2012-2013 ELAM Program is Friday, December 9th. Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs for more information!
Thanks for the shoutout Nina! Enjoy the show!
Board committee is beginning its public hearing tonight on FY13 budget proposal. Many teachers in attendance.
Fine! I'll go get groceries! Ugh. What's the status on those Jetsons food tablets? Thanks for nothing, NASA.
Wow....Uhh...no mom it's not that funny please stop laughing like a hyena.
": Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim."
Morning Rockstars! > The soul of conversation is sympathy. - Thomas Campbell
Twilight is like soccer. They run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and billions of fans insist that "you just don't understand
I'm in Alexandria VA
my nephew is funyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
A friend told me I have a healthy outlook on life which meant a lot especially since I often feel like I'm around too much toxic energy.
Ah, toot toot!
un hour
Being in a relationship is hard as fuck, you don't always agree & they sometimes do shit where you be like WTF !!!!
you in Springfield?
LA is in August =)
I really miss Picnik not gonna lie. I don't know what photo editing site to use now ugh.
R.I.P. to Chuck Brown the Godfather of GoGo Music if people don't know DC music craze
Pin It button appears to work just fine!
MY JERSEY IS ALREADY IN CHICAGO and I really seriously need to stop creeping on the tracker...
#quotes What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I KNOW your nose is on point for sure!
Did Fenway on Saturday... Did Freedom Trail today! :)
just ate a lotus root chip
Thanks for the FB! so happy to meet more RVA peeps on the tweet!
*cough* November .. :) RT : 5 hours until my astrologer appt! It's nice to count down to something that's not 142 days away!
I just fell in love with all over again!
Don't know if I can do this job too much for me
you're a hero!!! thank goodness for people like you.
Jeff Gordon is having no luck at all.
whenever you want!
Hoping new opportunities will open up in about 45min.....
My phone's dead.
Seeing The Avengers with my homies!
COME OVER THEN :D haha jk i just busted a mission to get Black Ops o.o
Thanks - I hope you like it :)
"Its not being gross, that's how friends talk when they're comfortable" - just informed my friendship reached the gross level. Can't wait..
that pictures not the best. Hahaha. New one next time!
Why did you changed?
my dorm's teacher put me in room 11.5 and I don't like that room. I hate it all
To understand recursion you must understand recursion.
Even if our times are packed withbreakthroughs, it's great to know that some things remain natural, esp products that we put on our faces.
I just sneezed so hard I'm afraid is gonna think I'm throwing down.
Most people who are as attractive, witty and intelligent as I am are usually conceited
Got love finding shit out last minute
Oh lawd. Why do they spread them so far apart?
WELL maybe you should follow me too :)
come to tallahassee,fl tomorrow so we can chill. Crazy enough?
doubt it.
Thanks Jeff, enjoyed speaking with you today!
I don't believe in living life expecting the worse.
Snow in Austin? Good time to catch up guitar strap work I guess. Stay warm folks.
I would have, but you looked like you were "almost there."
wassup. Love you wanna go get sum food hun
They banks are trying to talk up the property market. We should revert back to a multiplier of three when issuing mortgages
I need to eat something asap
Concern revolves around upcoming grant applications. Evidence of progress must exist for d60 to keep getting state support.
Not until the 17th :( It is dead week here. When are you done??
re #Casablanca - more about the on set atmosphere, all those background actors who fled Europe who played refugees onscreen
u going right now?
What shall I do tonight??? Literally have nothing going....
Goodnight, Tom
This is true
Love group singing lessons !
When ur in love with something u will never give up on it. Only thing I'm in love with is Music!
lmaooo but many don't go lol
You are awesome!
Why do highschool boys have nintendos
“: FUCK!!! We lost but it was a good game”yes!
I don't understand it, but it doesn't come naturally to me. Skeeves me.
Posting for direction
It's official... Join us tomorrow night at the new Mosaic - Des Peres at 5pm for dinner & cocktails. See you soon!!!
Did you know that 52% of adults w diabetes have arthritis?
#Ignite-at core-B2B marketing drives inquiries to sales-how to manage and nurture
Black Friday @ walmart is krazy!!
Fort Hood area, Killen
hahahahaah im weak, some kid at my school said he "KNOWS" he can rap better than Waka Flocka....... *crickets*
Ramblings of the mind.
So Much to do... so little time. Pre-Production for "Matter of Choice" Less than a week away!!!!!
Visited the Museum of Broadcasting today for Museum-A-Day for #mnmuseums Museum Month - Was amazed by what a gem it is! I must return w kid!
Looks like a full house for the #VMwarePEX general session
It is a great day to be alive and a great day to start living! One more Amway representative that is going to save tons of $$$
Kim, my wife and I will miss you. So poorly handled!
"Noise, noise, noise, smokin' weed , doin' coke, drinkin' beers. Pack er ass, my good man. Time to head over to Atlantic..."
Being there for your friends >>>>
Hate ppl that walk around with they eye brows up like df yu surprised for
RT : Congrats to our Seattle Sounders on a great first season!! lookin forward to '10!
Omg. makes me do frustrated.
Today I re-learned a word that terrifies me in its potential for applicability to me: solipsism.
I'm all about that fuken bread
yeah, it makes it feel very cozy
Interested in helping someone who is struggling with finances, become a mentor. Training in the Chicagoland area on Feb 25, DM
#Prettylittlethings is played by the talented Mike Reeping.
Sipping mascoto feeling nice@!
Congrats on winning iHeart Radio Rising Star!!! I voted 25x every day :D
RT I just don't see it yet. #SSSS1 <-- Thats because youre a grey beard Ray ;-) OUCH
thanks for sharing your conference plan - i'm looking forward to The Future of Museum Educators
BITCH SAY ONE MORE WORD I'LL RIP YOUR THROAT OUT the lips of a coward speak so well the words of the bave now I'll watch you take your GRAVE
The Save A Lot must be streaming the local college radio station, they're playing Smoke by Ben Folds Five.
oops.. And I get to skip school and you don't muhaha
It's #TacoTuesday everybody! You know what that means... #cheap tacos to go with your $1 #Bartab drinks!
Have a great Saturday :)
Hahaha... they have all cops on Price is Right and one of the prizes was a Doughnut Maker
Back in class tonight! Mane's floor barre kinda changed my life. 4 hours total of dance tonight aw yeah!
Join us tonight for our April GBM at 7pm at GWUL. Come learn how to "Power Up Your Career!"
hey Wuz up
I am constantly updating twitter and facebook. I gotta stop that. No one curs.
really did looks just like u lol
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it.
This Friday is lookin god.
Loving the TL re: why would a man want a woman tht thinks like a man? I'm asking the same q'n? They've got friends who already do!
Oh right it's javascript I forget I can monkey patch whatever I want!
The Groupons are selling fast you better get one quick. Only 3000 being sold $7.00 for $15.00 worth of Fresh great Food!!
is a morning ritual, couldn't start the day with out it
Interesting. Must be a small dog thing. We keep Foxy and Fawna naked while they are just chillin inside.
RIP Randy Rhoads, it's been 30 yrs, u are not forgotten!!! You can't kill rock n roll!!!
RT Anyone know how I can score free shwag from #wordpress #drupal #omeka or others to pad our offerings at #THATcamp Columbus
So, you'll have to save that chocolatey snack for viewing NEXT week's Tuesday's Child...
Great commentary during your panel. I kept thinking what digital humanities would have to offer these commentaries.
Can't beat the day! Loving it as it progresses!
starting to get anxious again...
I always sign up for sweepstakes even though I think there dumb # kinda winning
RT : Who’s your favorite WordPress web host? --> , but obviously we are a bit bias :-)
Is there another color?
state and grand :) by the Mastro's !
Shoe shopping with the madre she knows how to make me feel better
I'll call u tomorrow
BlackBerries generally are great at calling, reception and battery life. But these things just don't matter as much these days :)
Happy Birthday Homeboy!!! I hope your day is a winner!!!!
Is it possible to vomit a smurf?
you're on
Because nobody does it better than me.
You can waste your time talking shit about me all you want to. I'm only here for a paycheck.
so tha plan is to go to atlanta nex month. me and kesi celebratin our 2yr anniv. hopefully our friends can come along.
Honestly--- is taking Vanity to another level!! Luv it!! /via
I much prefer the sounds of Peace. Sweet dreams to you all :)
is the snowwiz still current
Your actions speak way louder than words! Please get it together! Huh! 
The vocabulary of the average person consists of 5,000 to 6,000 words.
pretty sure i invited you to join
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
We're looking for Kid Friendly Cafes. Know a cafe in your area where the servers are friendly to kids? Give them a review...
Good.. Sorry I've been slackin on Twitter lol :P How are you??
LOL, aye...I miss how technically masterful he was, what energy and presence he brought to his Trance productions.
A couple more thanks: to and startupacademyinternational.com for providing peanut butter and banana hot dogs. YUM!
I wish I could come to the Culinary Historians event, but I won't be able to. Hope to see you somewhere sometime though.
Nice day outside today! Vegas BOM in 1hr. Jus bcuz I'm havin a good day, $100 Refund for new reps that join my organization Qualified today
your welcome:)
now following follow back
Note: 11 Harrowhouse, a 1974 heist movie w/Charles Grodin & Candice Bergen, is mostly very good, but also very 1974. James Mason owns it.
I love autumn
haha, I was trying to lengthen the time in between snacking
20 mins til go time! Go to Facebook page to catch their live pa set!
Remember that song "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus"? Maybe she knew something we didn't... ;)
Grindin out on this new joint shits a hit
but it's really nice and warm in bed...
It is mostly UL fans, but there are a few KSR callers that commit this sin. Makes me shudder.
just Rimadyl, glucosamine and Toradol. she has arthritis and some displaysia - not unusual for 12
It's Partners Card time at Rutherford's Design. Purchase your Partners Card ($60) & enjoy a 20% discount on everything in the store.
Thanks Charles!
Do u think girls should wear makeup? I don't but I wanna see what u think' lol A- personally I hate makeup. Girls look better natural(;
Happy new ipad release day!
It's a #BlackKeys type of night...
What a finish, what a game. Overall solid telecast by NBC
Emulex to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference
Real talk: When the Rosen thing passes, the GOP & Romney will still have a big women problem, and Obama will still have a big adv. w women.
Oddly enough, #FridayThe13th is turning out even better than Good Friday! ✨❤
we will have this button fixed this weekend on web! In the mean time please toggle gender in edit mode on iOS.
that's a splendid idea :)
#UFC144 why does it sound like whooperwhills in the stands?
google docs just got the function of managing style! nicer and less required of ms office now.
Getting ready to hear Gov. Tomblin @ WV Leadership Summit ...
bro I'm you're coach show some respect...
Salmon sounds delish. Hope it was good!
Wow, George Clooney was on an episode of "Roseanne" looking all blue-collar!! So glad my gym airs the Oxygen network instead of man shit!!
Teriffic CSD contest! We've got Sunday Barbershop Withdrawal Syndrome again. Singing a tag is the first step to a cure.
cant wait to push u tomorrow
Thanks for helping spread the #gaad word today! //
Big applause for Ohio repealing its collective bargaining law
You rap niggas stand no chance.. run along before I end your fucking career #Literally that's all that needs to be said...
thank you for the follow! Have you ever done a shoot at hotel metro before?
Merry Christmas! <3
haha I miss you lady (and Bachelor & Teen Mom nights) What the heck was your car's name, Georgia? Stella? Judy?
OKAY I GET IT!.... YOUR STRONG! O ARENT YOU JUST BUFF FROM YOUR ARMS AND CHEST!... :O BUT WHO HAS STRONGER LEGS?!?... Hmm... Ya chicken
Just my luck huh
How much longer is he playing?
I don't get why anyone cares what Sarah does
I have a headache that can only be cured by eating my mom's food.
where does the content come from? Who is overseeing it on
so um I've never had Chipotle before..
twitter is gay!
If your ever having a bad day, just think at least your not ron artest.
Happy Birthday New Mexico!!
i was really disappointed that the Hunger Games wasn't a reality cooking show competition.
let us know and we can help. is a cold engineer man
#SDCChiHack Best Design Award goes to Edit Huddle
I should probably just go for it.
Imagine Dragons... WOW good, damn
Just wondering- does going to "Jet Blue Park" make me want to buy a ticket for their miniscule cheap-ass seat airline??
Nice to see a sharp duo of & Todd Hollandsworth live on for #Cubs-#Reds. Pregame now. First pitch soon.
A2 - 86% of career consumers believe an employee voice - only 14% believe a corporate one...
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable
They are dragging this out on purpose!
when you plan to watch a movie but you can't find it so you just read messages.
"'Men In Black 3': cost $375 Million" #huffpost For that kind of green, they could have built a bionic Tommy Lee Jones!
Time to clean the apartment before parents come ugh
Thanks Amy!
finals!!! where you going?
Thank you so much! :) They definitely should!
1 more week of classes
when i looked at it. it was just green
Those who are heartless.. once cared too much.
all these other fakes get annoying cuz they mention me for shout outs -___-
consensus on homemade mango lemonade champagne cocktail- woah, a blast of happiness
Prayers out to #TeamVinnyV 14 year fighting a tough fight! Get it trending so more prayers go up
Everybody but me seems to be graduating this year.
Hoping some people show up for #usfhre. Well, I can write a blog post from my info if nothing else.
oh no! How embarrassing for her. Is my biggest fear I check about 10 times.
I'm cheering for Alabama
Tim, There seems to be something the matter with Isidore-of-Seville: it's giving everybody 102‑Errors.
yoo cum str8 home got some good news for u...
: please follow back? And rt if u didn't know that u have ecuatorian fans :)
technically YOU finished practice. Me & Reina were still there , lol.
What is your favorite thing to do on a Saturday? We like to BBQ in Parking lots.
Laurie Heusinger Toggle It! A Guide To Reboot Negative Emotion's author, interview by Bill Becker,1/30 @ 8:05 am on US 1 Radio News Network.
Note to Pens/Flyers: Someone score I want the Blues game on VS, thank you
Appreciate that Sandz.. U gone be in EL next weekend?
Thanks Alliey! I am a quirkiness-appreciator and believe it adds a little bit of flare to the average.
Nice. Thanks doll!
When people have been married for a while they start looking like brother and sister.
Be safe today Beer Patty Bellies!
yep! I got a panel with my name on it. Looking forward to the keynote(s)!
I don't need 3000 useless "followers.". I need 300 important ones.
“: Oh, my red Docs arrived the other day. #alltheredthings”// I love red clothing.
Yes indeed!
vi sim
Thanks, have a great weekend! #GoMagic!!!
yep, it's tone has often been combative, dogmatic and dismissive without generosity
"making the DMV feel fast" - of Denver
Dreamed of para-para-paradise, Every time she closed her eyes.
At Carraba's with the boyf
": And you guys are gonna get involved."WOO. BOSTON BABY
grear tag name bro!
Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night. Happy birthday!
OH NO! Sending good, happy thoughts.
I Got Some Interesting Compliments Today. Knows What I'm Talkin About (;
How many times have i done this now? Down the jet way, to the seat. MKE to MSP.
I lost. By "distraction" though I mostly mean "sleep."
yes ma'am
Great speakers and a great day of basketball - October 22nd Franklin St. Gym email: to register
where's my computer
Out of context memo from 1968: "Effective immediately, Indiana is Detroit's responsibility."
hope this works!
Dems see human suffering & try relieve it;GOP sees human suffering & want to profit from it; Tea party just wants 2 escalate it!
I'm going to Cathouse tonight to chew bubble gum and dj... and I'm all out of bubble gum
U.S. Stocks accelerated their selloff in the final hour of trading Friday to close at session lows as ongoing signs of weakness overseas.
EVERYONE on eastbound is wearing cardinals gear
Grabbing some frozen yogurt before I settle in for the night to watch some good old women's basketball.
grand canyon
hes got a bad temper at times and hes very sensitive about his twitter family and Dogs crew..LOL
The customer service dept is I believe and that money was bills so it fuckin sucks.
thanks megs. Love you.
organizing all my stuff trying to find money i've stuck in random places omg rofl
ahaha thanks. Aren't you tired? It's like 2:40 at my house
I answered you, Rod. Learn from history.
Who is following me, and is an attorney in corp law? Please reply ..
Lesson of the day : you lay down with dogs , you get up with flees
Up at Runyon Canyon. At Gardner and Franklin Blvd. Come by!!!
“ - I know it's none of my business but are you and Bryant back together. ?
I really love Rihanna's "where have you been" video. Nice seeing her do some choreo too;)
“: HAHA all the West Virginia peeps are mad now. Way to take a joke.” Just mention "The Wild Wonderful Whites of West Virginia
I am chilling at hme on the twitter
"We look high and low for revenue in times like these, and when we look high we see billboards," Councilman Bill Henry.
The trick is to have fun while you are performing it
: Thanks to and Co. for another great conference. #lscon < Here, Here!!
PHILADELPHIA, you're killing us. 9th inning rally? I'm closing my eyes.
Spend my day im the gym or go golfing? Such a hard choice!
Nadal's title defense off to rousing start - Arab News
no problem you're hilarious
Playing cards on my patio (South End, Boston)
also, I just now made the connection that you are @ CCT now *facepalm*
We heard that over 98% of bartenders have never taken a bartending class?
thats actually what it is. Whats another name for it
is adjusting every aspect of her life, ever so subtly, to produce a bright shiny new life.
yeah I can call in, check DM for contact info to set it up.
Old wine and old friends are enough. Come raid the cellar with us!
Poorest students have least access to skill development in online realms and most pressure to raise test scores.Don Leu
Same here. We're usually at a friend's house on Sunday nights, but since we were in tonight, we went ahead & watched.
Three more to go.
congrats kelly! You and Aaron will make the sweetest parents ever. so happy for you
finding #translation is very intellectually intriguing and engaging particularly when you work on theoretical pieces.
Its all in the spray can RT : I can't quite figure out how 's brother gets so tan.
LA is always good to me. Shout out to the homie for the hospitality. Ok, studio time.
Achievement unlocked: matte screen protector applied to MacBook Pro in less than three attempts!
have it on DVR for tomorrow. Enjoy
what happened bro?!?
Never a dull moment at the hangin & printing for shipment to Japan and Central American stores. Best weekend!
Follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Listened to 1direction this am. Still don't get it.
I got mad skills.
Hey Miss Q! Just wanted to tell you that I think you're an absolutely amazing actress/woman/person. Happy to be following you!
unless you claim to be so busy that you have been unable to condense your life into 140 characters,,,
haha and your right next to me on the compute!
then those ones should be reported. And the real accounts "verified"
Yes Ma'am.
thanks for the support Robin!
I drank three cups of coffee today and now I'm crashing. Feels kind of funky!
anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
So i was thinking you should RT this(: come you know you want to!
press room!
Off the Cong B'nai Shalom Membership Picnic - should be fun for all! Remember to listen to Shirim tonight www.wcuw.org 8-10pm eastern -
I hate being sick
let us in
What if when we're awake, we are actually dreaming. But when we are dreaming we were awake?
First look at the #MW3 Hardened Edition, literally on the factory line. Details on it coming at Call of Duty XP! yfrog.com/kgfgmiuj
McIntosh staunchly opposes bailouts, as everyone knows-his work was to protect Merrill Lynch from trial lawyers and excessive law suits.
RT : The beers have been decided on and the brewing will start soon! Look for these beers all around the city for
Listen to #Primetime on today at 5:30 to hear the BIG announcement from about Main Field Golfers and #Celebrities!
He's one of my favorites. Makes Sox-O's games worth listening to instead of muting.
Wednesday feels like it should be Friday this week
there goes the diet!
hahahaha im a ways away from TX! hope the crazy weather there had no negative effects on you <3
will do
"One of the fastest-growing smartphone penetration rates are those aged 55-64" WOW
The 2% of things I do on purpose is Breathe & burn tree👍
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans basketball still trying to find firm footing
In 1982 #Tylenol took 31 million bottles off the shelves b/c of 1 tainted bottle. What do you do to protect your brand?
I'm on a 24 hour champagne diet :)
Frame 4 parent engagement: not what but how:mutually supportive, contributions, trust relationships, energy drives collective
Good morning. I'd like to thank the big man upstairs for letting me see another day
*it that's what I meant...;)
The wild boys of the Brownell Wedding. Awesome group of people.
When some bitch gets into your conversation. Nobody was talking to you.
You know it's a blizzard when... You have snow plows in your covered parking garage!
just got this..sorry 4 delay. ;o)---should be OK..clearing skies around that time...breezy & mild too..mid 70s. Have fun!
76ers expect healthy Derrick Rose - ESPN
If you want a follow back just mention me in your tweet and I will. :)
Good mornin everyone im on a bus
hello there
You know I'm happy to talk with you any time.
Tabling at the #getlitfestival. Stop by and learn about student-run and our annual conference, Write To Publish.
Many of us didn't come in as anarchists, but were radicalized after being unlawfully detained, brutalized by police.
If life is an equation, then family and friends are the constants. Everything else is just variables.
That's a must...the kids would love it. Holy cow, how did I miss this?
dope shizz yo..sorry for the late response
and only a nosy bitch for a nigga would care abt my puss getting ate. Bye bitch
- lol, I do too! I guess that's where she gets it from. SMH
the most amazing creation to ever walk the earth
On my way to NYC
awe. :-( lol. I'm laying in bed. Come over. I'll grab you and we can just go to sleep. I snore a little softly though
The Everything Cookie from the Whole Foods Bakery is so delicious!
u never on twitter smh
are you gonna go back i missed it :(
"nawwww, i only eat things that have parents." #lolwhaaat?
sorry for bothering you then...
"My Dog Can Lick Anyone"
If you think a girl is beautiful you should tell her
Check out Live at Mossy Volkswagen’s 1st Anniversary Party this weekend feb 19 & 20 from 1pm-3pm.
Hancock: The tragedy really starts with her job as int'l flight attendant, insomnia that followed. "Her only fault was to try to go to bed."
hell yea I could damn near pull it off
yeah.. Can't believe they are showing early season baseball over playoff hockey on FSA. No wonder the team is moving.
Thank you for getting me this new water bottle
See? Tina Fey gets it.
~Likewise, Thanks again!
UCF in the house for CEE LO
u need to come & see the garden this week missy miss behaviour
RT : A13: I focus on producing content my audience will enjoy and share. Analytics are secondary to that.
i love your hair is so curly :)
Haruki Murakami,.no one dropped a bomb.We set the stage,committed crime with ourown hands,destroying R lands destroying our own lives."
It's sad that im excited to sleep in till 7:30
What brought me? Two things: interest in ITSM, of course, plus the very persuasive
Already won over fan base? How? Guy left BoSox w/major mess 2 clean up. Theo = Fool's gold. Ricketts hired him in panic move.
The Office is unwatchable these days.
Rise and shine... Hit the studio and finish up a couple last verses on the last couple songs then album should be all done.
Did you see 3 Stooges?
thank you for the follow-back! Have a great weekend.
Um so I'm just seeing the new 106&park.. 15 videos wow!
my boi sully leaving...figured smh
Education is a big business. Lasts even longer than war.
thanks for your support!
Walking Dead season finale
Yes, Jays look great. Not so much some others. Love Astros throwback unis.
Any cowboy can carry a tune. The trouble comes when he tries to unload it.
Why does a college degree make one think they are above certain jobs? A BA in Poetry does not make you too good to work at The GAP.
ILS described as Agnostic. Nice.
Holy Cross will bring home their 1st State Title Friday! Great D + Great O =2A title #nkypride #HCdefense #
My wife is reading the menu online and drooling. That's it, I'm headed there for lunch today!
IDK about you, but I love this city!!!
This sounds a lot like Houston...
I want that damn Doritos taco from taco bell
W.beyondthescoreboard.net this will b the last game for most of these teams. The post season is like a club and it's at compassity
Happy cinco de mayo! Come join us for a special pint night tonight featuring Victoria!!!
Ah yes another night of over 10 hours of sleep!
it's the audience I feed off of even though I don't see them.
Evening photo excursion in Old Town :)
Side note: I don't remember what's its like to be sober. And I need a cuddle buddy immediately. Too forward?
I deserve the best , everyone does :)
You were trying so hard you were sweating ;) ps. I had to sound out that hashtag #kingofhashtags Rematch with real rules?
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. ~ Muhammad Ali
i dont even like america that much, but when people hate on my country i get kinda patriotic
it's a long story. Blaming past admin, poles on back order, not sure where they r going to place it.
love contributions from ppl doing their own thing: makes us all richer! Schools need to encourage this NOT repeat old used up ideas/ rep.
yes that is truth
Joe jonas and jay sean concert tonight!!!!!!!!!! :D yayayyayy you ready?!? :) #JoeandJayinNYC (:♥
Need an artist? Call me at 316-393-0189 for fast accurate information to help you decide who to book!
. can count on u to not let moral principles get in way of servitude to Texas top-dollar :D
he is really close to Lebrick, and has a serious shot at a ring with MIA, definitely dont see it happening...
Happy Mothers Day !
RIP Gatewood Galbraith. Always loved talking to Gatewood at Kentucky football tailgates.
S/O to Matt...Stay warm this weekend. Wish I was there 2 get some #icefishing in. :)
Toy Story 3 always makes me feel old. Andy grew up, the dog got old & fat, ugh... I miss my childhood.
Who has played naked twister at Hedo? I will be wearing the twister board at Colorful Fantasies next week... Wanna play?
as always, thanks for the shout out!
couldn't have said it better myself!
I'm hoping that one of theses guys will make an immediate impact, Watching the Henao video of him stuffing the mid might be a way
Based on the graphs I'm reviewing for a drinking water class, you shouldn't drink your tap water in Feb, May or July. Ew.
#Top10Lies ...There's no getting over you...
Thanks for the following right back atya-
The Red Hat Society has forever ruined the red/purple color combination for me... Not even Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra can save it now.
NO BOA I FUCKING LOVE HOSTESS!
You just licked sucked kissed and massaged every inch of her body for 20-30 minutes and made her cum she won't trip u came in 5 mins
Dominique VS Jordan
You're very welcome. One of our council members found out about you guys!
finished the hunger games series. ugh, i NEED more.
FOR What?
Ugh, expense reports....
Every time wade misses he thinks he was fouled. Get up.
RT : RT": If you want to be happy, be ~ Leo Tolstoy"
Sorry to anyone who received spam messages from me. I think someone stole my pass. Change your passes often... even for Twitter. Sorry again
your new hoody rocks! =)
watchin $5 iPhone tutorials... drinkin $5 worth of beer! will I remember?
Ciera I love your work!
Audition Day!!! #VO #voiceovers Thank you for motivating me.
what exactly sparked the interest in jewelry design? Was it always a passion of yours?
To the ~ The main thing is to keep on hoping, keep on trying, keep on believing - Catfish Hunter ~
Plan is to leave after work that Fri. May stay in HOU that night. Leave NOLA Mon. to head back ATX
I never told u when I encouraged you to run into the storm u wouldn't get wet, I just said be prepared for victory on the other side!
Yup, but trying to trace the etymology of the phrase "open government". The idea obv goes back much further.
Never thought I'd say this I can't wait for Kyle Orton to start
humidity based delirium is the best way to enjoy Anthonys smooth crooning
YES SIR!
I wish real science was as advanced as science in soap operas. There, cloning and getting a whole new face is an everyday thing.
Economics test...meet your maker
so Dani was with Porsche id vote for my teammate so thats not being personal and ya know what Dani said why she didnt vote
Oddly enough, if your job is to open enough re-re-used ILL envelopes, you develop a definite opinion on the topic. [4 max]
Um, did I really just see you quote a Paula Abdul song ? cc
Broncos should hold onto Tebow atleast for his healing powers cause Mannings neck gonna need it sooner than later
I am starving. and I need a beer.
won't you save me, San Francisco? 🌇
I wanna knw hoe many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus
awesome!!!! Happy for you dude! All my friends know now too :P
NO. zach parise is mine.
Thank you lord for #Photoshop's "Content-Aware Fill" -- couldn't have gotten thru de-vignetting an old litho portrait w/o it
sorry hope u can understand what I meant...I'm so shaky that I can't type...:'(
Welcome! Thanks for tweeting such a great resource! :-)
Apparently some people thinking getting poo'd on by a bird is good luck. Pretty sure it's the opposite of good luck.
RT Why does this author have to make everything more difficult for me? << A tweet for the ages
You should take his hip hop class @ UC's rec center! #somuchfun RT : is always extremely entertaining!
I def said donkey first
Less than 3% of the world's mantis population are atheists.
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT, EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Might need some windshield washer fluid in new England. Stop by autozone!
I know you probably get like thousands of tweets a day but can you give me any song writing advice?? PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!!
No fun :( Hope you can get out soon!
you doing alright korey?
Whenever I have doubts as to my race, I just scrunch up a piece of paper & shoot at a waste basket
hi, the original ticket holder can make that change, have them contact me for directions. Regards
for the sweat this week. I appreciate all the positive mentions
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.-Albert Einstein
I AGREE! :) I read him yr tweet - if he could speak, i know he'd say "awww, thanks!"
Who else should i send fan mail too?!
Good question! Go to Facebook and join the Timbers Army East Coast Platoon page. All the details are there.
Good morning! It's Friday! And..I still have to go to work tomorrow.....
"i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place" "i'd never been to belize"
Why am I awake...
I think the public understands what the sources for news are and what the sources for gossip are.
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are children. Help now with a generous donation. Visit www.hacolo.org.
I love doing that at roller skating! :)
- WHAT? Are you OK?
SHOUTOUT to your BIGGEST* fans from Granada Hills-Jamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz!!We'll Keep Voting Til' Our Thumbs Fall Off ! :D
*middle finger* but do u have breaking dawn? I still have yet to see it skip.
if only they were using correct grammar and mechanics...in the days of penpals at least all that writing reinforced good writing
considering this was one of the things of value I used to justify spending 20% of my yearly income on tickets
Okay I'm trying to share another tweet with another person kells help!!!
Today for the most part was really good! 😊
you were awesome !!!
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
thank you so much!!
must wanna fight
you know i be sanging the songs...****dontcha get curried away*****
Upcoming shows in 2012! Jan 9th at the Bitter End and Jan 25th at the Knitting Factory! two great showcases, I'll be singing new songs!
wow sarah just wow lol
me too haha. Go Kings Go! Love Trevor Lewis
They definitely do it, and most find it very helpful. Grads are more interested right off, but ugrads dig it w setup.
Wow! I did realize he had such bad hair.
#sla2011 #dsoc disease in pop of emerging markets drives down productivity of workers
I'm so happy I'm gong to see my best friend<3
In service hearing a good word.
#NW how Stella got her groove back.
Saw "MARLEY" last night. Inspired and encouraged by Bob Marley and The Wailers (though not in the way of fidelity..) GO SEE IT!
Go TEXAS!!
#congresslunch more military opportunity in SD w/ dept of defense new strategy towards Asia. New carrier coming 2 town
It's my world and you just live in it :)
About to board the plane home... I don't want to leave! Thank you Hawaii for the best vacation ever ☀🌸🐬🐟🐠🌴🌺🏊 👍
Ready to rock in the weekend? We are!
There's nothing better than sipping on Scotch and watching some cool cats play some jazz
Ooh, I'm looking thru my bookmark folder. What kind of stuff you looking for?
This summer, I'm going to get back into playing basketball. And I'm going to add the iron leg to my repertoire
Good game so far! They playing basketball out there batting the ball down lol
His family gone hold him down tho.
Happy Birthday Leap Year Babies. Ah, an extra day to celebrate. #bdaygirl :))))
Sir Speedy now offers banners at only $5 per square foot!
Obama: I've always been adamant that gays and lesbians should be treated fairly and equally
": r you wearing black today?" jus my bra n panties...haha
Philly has a chance, especially if Paul Pierce is hurt. We will see.
Pinning Ceremony for my Nurse grad! Ceremony includes a shout out to Florence Nightingale
This. RT : That is what the NFL MVP does.
RT Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings. ~ W.H. Auden
“: Please start Tebowing so Broncos can get manning" that's a new low...
Today is the day! Happy New Year everybody!!!
You are You. No ones perfect. Love yourself the way you are!!!
Time to pack it in, Rick ... RT : Chuck Todd says Santorum would have to win 61 pct of remaining delegates for nomination....
Thanks for the Follow, Sarah!
you're welcome and thank you back!
Happy Saturday Morning!!!
TWEET! ;) LOL I'M FUNNY!
Nice to see Weeks able to pinch hit, despite result. Probably safe to assume he'll be back in the lineup tomorrow.
Beside myself excited to see 's Spring Awakening tonight at Rarig. #shoutout to Peter R, Abby, John T and James Kennedy!
add me niggyss
#Wrestling Who is going to the Midwests biggest show of the year ? I am going !! sucks to be you if your not !!
same here :)
loved it. Incredible as always!
definitely would have to be a well educated exodous. A back to africa bandwagon would be a mess in and of itself.
Ugh I should of gone to the gym with today ):
had a slight heart attack cos i thought my ipod had gone mad on me again and reset itself but its all been restored so YAY.
Oracle and Google will go to trial: After trying to give an out-of-court settlement one last chance, judge concludes "in the end, som...
If u guys havkt yet go to youtube and search for MY HAND IS A DOLPHIN ITS A REBECCA BLACK PARODY ITS SO FLIPPING FUNNY
Very busy weekend 4 me working on finishing this haute couture bag for my Etsy shop and one denim upcycle jacket.Will post pictures soon
heading out for a run and breakfast. Preparation of a long day.
Not You , Goof ! LoL , Don't Do That
Spar for life
#GWAS or listen to Davidson talk for an hour
Not you loser! You always talk to me! >_<
lets watch it when ryan gets back
that's so true :/
You have a twitter? :o
Bout to start cooking. Jrs makin bbq and I'm hooking up all the sides.... And making the kiddos a butterfinger cake ;)
Love this place.
Taylor's been tweeting almost everyday this past week! I love it.
Shout out to my bro just did his thing n fucked the stage up!
Take rest. A field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. -Ovid
Damn ab/leg work-out gave me a monster headache:-/....body feels good tho
That's sweet, congrats Lady! RT Designing a nursery and I couldn't be happier...
"Im gonna have a great day! For sure!"
Joke of the Day: Why did the chicken cross the road? To prove to the squirrels it could be done.
Going from to is like going from horse and buggy to a Bugatti Veryon. Our Wordpress sites have never been this fast!
yea babes i need your tlc right about now
Salute to the hood .
Yes :) It was fantastic!
shout me out please
You're the one who is Always going to Break me Heart.
Ok, Ok..along with all the zany holidays I already mentioned for today it's Winnie-the-Pooh Day, Shark Awareness Day & Personal Chef's Day
Keeps me out of (financial) trouble! RT : good expertise to have!
I am now a Quickbooks ProAdvisor!!
If I see this year and one direction next year I will filled with
Wants to sleep.
NCAA b'ball finals, Wrestlemania, The Masters, MLB Opening Day - great sports week but not nearly enough TEBOW!
I'm doing a paid extras work for a movie on saturday... AND BEFORE THAT IM GOING TO NICKELODEON UNIVERSE, WITH , I cant wait
#Baltimore #Maryland trivia: H.L. Mencken visited Plsen, Czechoslovakia in 1926. Strangely, no mention of beer. Photos @ MD State Archives.
Nothing empowers a team more than the belief that they are valued by their leader.
Thank u love X
PHOTO: Second day of the begins!
Comcast, I think I am sending mercinaries after you ~I can't take going on day 11 of the pain and suffering ~ I need pay back!
Governor Cuomo: Can't you find it in your Executive powers to save the EI Program initiated by your father in 1993?
Gallup/Healthways well-being study; attend worship 1x per week = 10% more positive emotions PLUS 20% fewer negative emotions on Monday!
Yea, especially packed tonight.
iight i got it
Note to President Obama: Do not mess with The USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council.
my bellybutton over the last several months started going from an innie to an outie. My doctor said hernia and surgery to fix.
Im the number 1 #asian that follows back!!
hook up to external monitor
Listening to Springsteen..Secret Garden...I just missed the man who booked The Wailers that opened for him by 3 days..May he rest in peace.
RT So U of M will get about 3M/yr for Vikings renting out TCF Bank Stadium.how about we help Coach Tubby get that practice facility
How fun! RT : - I'm teaching a bunch of 7-15 year olds about haiku at my kids' art camp!
Re warming the steak teriyaki stir fry I made last night. Making some rice too.
I know (fast thinking) ...it's got 2012 written all over it! :)
I have a huge headache.
damn. is really pumped to grab some. Probably be available eventually.
Check Yes Juliet always reminds me of haha
to know u left a great job just to be on tv. Now you just appear at things to be seen & tweet about it.
he had a good mixtape and pretty much every thing other than his verses on gucci's mixtape have been whatever
Thx! RT : is my new tool du jour. If you're a content curation junkie, you'll want to have a look. It's way cool.
we're still a month or so away, but I'll have samples next week for trial. Men's and Women's sizes.
Now Playing ♪ Power Trip by Monster Magnet
"And That's The Way It Is!" I believe that is what they call GAME OVER!!! GT is up 42-10!!! ACC CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME!!!
Damn had a bomb ass day. I Love My Family<3
madison or milwaukee
Encountering the word "utilize" can put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day. This is troubling.
Played "Now That We Found Love" on the jukebox and nobody seems to notice besides our little corner.
On the agenda for tonight upon returning home: catching up on the DVR and cuddling with the kitties and sleep =]
I have a nice eggplant 😏
RT : I wonder if staff will refer to the time before they acquired as "preposterous".
Hopefully you are right!!!!!!!
S/O to my new followers!!! Let's Get it!!!
Yeah Romney created jobs via Bain Capital OVERSEAS!!!
Yes! RT : That moment when you're about to be an Aunt!!!
You're welcome, good lady. Cheers!
who you callin' madam?
thats what UFC does to people. Its AWESOME
I am back part time. It's already been four months just about !
please announce from platform the hashtag for the conference? #MarriageAmerica -- tweeters want to communicate! Thank you!
I truly believe that the American dream is fulfilled by going H.A.M. at
totally single. double was all grade school.
I mean, as long as there's no like....fact-checking. But yes. Happily!
Chapter 2012 Page 70 of 366 No better feeling than seeing my fruit mature before my eyes.
Ready for playoff basketball? The Jam open postseason play at home tonight at 7pm PT against the Dakota Wizards
Thinking about going to get some pizza hut with the girls :)
yeah, I wish I could've stayed longer. Glad you had fun. Hopefully we'll run into each other again!
I especially appreciate the frank and respectful dialogue about our community, no matter how much we might disagree.
hope you alright?
Cleveland Indians are from my hometown!! Go Tribe!!
lmao i wasnt even payin attention and it hit
and your reponse to me proves my point...
thank god for mental illness I want to win to see Brian jonestown massacre! At the wiltern
It's really too bad that they don't use urns to store acid.....
" In every job that must be done there is an element of fun." Mary Poppins
Scam alert via : Scammers call, posing as reps of the Do Not Call Registry. The registry doesn't solicit people to sign up.
Not really....I work there.
ay man i got a line called #HighStandard..would it be cool if i came down to show you my lookbook?
Extra cleavage helps your cross hang straight. Bwahaahas
Headed to Playa Del Rey to try take 2 of. July 4th. I need a real beach day! Come on sun!
Today was nice. Exercise on the high ropes course at Rafting in the Smokies in Hartford, TN & tennis on the new courts in
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
I love you.
All I'm saying is two women covered my balls with goo, fondled them, and took pictures for 35 minutes... who cares if it was an ultrasound?
That's lame! Where are you driving from?
I believe in Tebow Magic!!
oh hahah thanks dude
30 minutes till curtain. Had 98 people at the matinee. Great audience and great tech.
I LOVE LUKE KORNS AND AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE <3
The song we r mixing is an original called Like a River - a love song I wrote in LA a few years ago. These guys are making it come alive!
well, there's no denying his douchebaggery, but he is running for president and a billionaire. Loser not so much
When you do the ML parlays, why not add a third team at -600 or so to get plus money? I understand upsets happen but...
Whoo hoo!! Got my license! #finally :))
and the painful irony is, could have given a real boost to web reviewing by linking to actual web journals.
did you know is in love with you ?
It's almost time to head over to for First Tuesdays with wine, networking & prizes. See you there!
“We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.” ~John Steinbeck b. 2day 1902
eat. sleep. swim #storyofmylife #nighty'all
Cut school for the funeral which was incredibly sad ugh saying your final goodbyes is terrible #RIPBobby </3
Knowledge and/or experience in the game/platform being hired for  Preferred
"Haha you're gonna die... when you see it, not cause you're old"
we'll be watching your tweets from the conference! Exciting stuff!
Nothing screams "I'm out of the closet!" more than smiling with your mouth wide open in your fbook photo. I swear that's not a blowjob joke
A laugh is worth a hundred groans in any market - George M. Cohan #quote #rocktheretweet RT
Thanks for the holiday treats in our Puget Sound Plaza lobby!
Couple hrs work, then Siesta Key Beach.
People keep staring at me lol
If your dad is Frank Serpe, he's one of the last true stand-up guys around. What a great dad. You should be proud.
There's my. Lady mad monster shout out to you sweeti. How have you been
I say 3-1. Wanna bet on it?
Travel, think in terms of "ing" experiences. Ballooning, paddleboarding, cycling...
following :) thanks !
Tiredness is sweeping over me... Bed time soon =P
Good Luck!!
thanks for the
those days are not the business!!! You should get in a gym session, it will help out immensely :)))
About to go to drama practice! It's cool playing another character other then your own :D
thank you chauni :)
haha apparently! how are things at razorfish this afternoon?
haha well its ok, a little bit of insanity never hurt anyone :)
MetroTV is fascinating. Today we learned that ancient Egyptians took oaths on onions. No one would lie on such beautiful concentric rings.
real estate and recruiting, it's all about location
You know, no one has really said anything lately but have you noticed how the #PittBombThreats just.. stopped.
So much love today :)
Yes. And someone needs to maintain redirection history too
- Love the story about the 33 year old cat. You did good. I was LOL as well. That last part.
Our love goes out to the families in Ft Hood
Anyone watch the college dunk contest on ESPN last night? The 5'9'' dude had springs in his legs. 52'' one step vertical!
leave me alone. haven't you done enough?
bring a fancy hat and an umbrella!!
haha I have a lot of parsley at home and was looking for shortcuts. Thanks for the heads up!
good luck!
what 90-9-1 really means is that comm participation follows some kind of power law or truncated power law
spring break
Harrington is a beast we need him Sunday hopefully the mask is comfortable
Great way to start off the morning. Joel has already had about 4 tantrums.
it's all good man. Was really a great show.
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Well that was a fun trip down high school memory lane haha... Off to Newport!!! :)
Aaron is giving us all WAY too much credit ;) way over my head at least...
good morning.. Where can I send you some tracks for your upcoming project?
You know your mom is gonna take forever at the store, when she needs a cart. -_-
-- It's a keeper league ... you don't have to do anything.
....so that still means I won though? Right?
#questionsihatebeingasked why are your thighs so big?
thanks for the shout out!
haha bro, but how did you get all these people to tweet you haha?
RT :#sschat And read kids books to look for hidden messages on gender <- Paper Bag Princess is great for this! & William's Doll
Don't change for anyone. They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
Playing some intense characters...Hedda and Lady M? Lord save my sanity.
Thanks Kate! He will be OK, but it isn't fun, especially at 3:30 am in the morning.
Haha! Yeah, that drive-by visit. How about Lot No. 3? What time works for you?
you visit Chicago a lot! What are you doing on this trip?
For the first time EVER i will not be the token Jew @ the company holiday party.
If You're Feeling Sinister - Belle & Sebastian
i know what you mean bleh
Yeah, Cause You Know Exactly Everything I've Heard, Lmao. You Mad Cause Suck?
It was great talking with you today!
"That's the loudest it will go?" "Yeah, I think I blew my speakers out..." *turns up media control volume* "OH MY GOD."
I will pass along your concern to the author of the piece, who helps cover cops.
what about a rapping poem? Cause I can do both lol
Your heart isn't plastic it isn't a toy but if u want it broken give it to a boy.
work work work! :)
Interval running, interview, sewing, and late night photo shoot. There are not enough hours in the day!
But when we choose to use free products like #Facebook, etc., we have no choice but to accept the change. Or stop using it
I have to say that I'm totally digging this stretch of Pacific NW-esque rainy, cool, and damp weather that has settled in on Charlottesville
Get your gold, jewelry, coins or small antiques appraised-come by the Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show- 2/19-2/20 www.lhaevents.com
right there with ya!
I work in a confusion vortex. No usable product could ever escape its grasp.
Don't most boats have a swim platform these days? And yes, Hollywood is clearly running low on original story ideas.
When I see a person with long legs, I want to hop on their back and tell them to take me to doyle.
Just passed Total Integrity Fashions in Trenton NJ.
Looking strongly like we'll have us a Wichita show in May...more to come...
what an exhausting day! whew!
All these funny ass people dancin
My cab driver uses - very cool!
Oh Budget meetings...Don't we all love budget meetings? Today is a strategic planning and mid-year budgeting kind of day for YA.
You as well
same, we just bought it bc we love them, but last night my stomach did not go well with them :( usually im fine
A-hA! NOW it all makes sense!
can my co-owner get on?
We are all Boilers tonight
I never even had a chance I was losing from the start..
i'm going to fail a lab because the computers in this school won't log anyone on.
I dont care if Trayvon was white and Zimmerman was black. The man has to get time
Don't know if I call paying "hitman" to hurt people & then refusing to stop when told to & then lying about it a "mistake".
RT When it comes to good health and weight loss, exercise and diet are inter-related
Sexism is gross.
Music is the melody of life <3
jeezy's tm103 album is forever tattooed in my brain lol hope you being good (;
Glad you like it! RT Friends , love the holiday card! #SeasonsGreetings & #HappyNewYear to you all as well! xoxo
Another hot day in Sacramento. Off to the foothills tomorrow for mother (in law) day
Hi Bill, we are starting to get the hang of social media and CopsAlive.com is building some momentum. Thanks for following!
dsdflfkj RT : Same smell too “: RT : Spanish Bitches Might Be More Loyal Then German Shepards !!!!”
this city IS restless.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I am now addicted to switched at birth! Thank you ! ;)
Lmao you're so mean :p
I'm obsessed with Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio, & P. Sanders. Oh & you can't forget nutella :)
#FashionStar! Love it already! :D
Opening day for and Girard St. Garden are both on March 31st?! So much #gardening! What more could we ask for in 1 weekend?!
of course :) I look out for students - current and past. RT : Thanks Dr.V! Love how you always look out for me:-D
RIP John Mackey the greatest TE in the history of the NFL
Go to "The Cats Meow" so we can see you on the Webcam singing Karaoke!
RT If you don't love the poor, you don't have the relationship with God you think you have -Tim Keller
it's the only way! but making new models is hard and being in opposition is so easy!
No, I don't think so. See the third paragraph.
game on!!!! Tetsunya was the real deal??? Have the cookbook but have never been
Come to Kansas City's Sprint Center, you got barbz here too!!!!
For those not in SD, it looks like we've lined up an online retailer for 619! Stay tuned for more news later in the week!
Lucas wins NHRA Top Fuel race
are you in public?
The Mega Millions is up to $476 Million now, Tell us about the dream home you would buy if you won that much money
Lol..those moons are so funny. implants for sure?
He felt about books as doctors feel about medicines, or managers about plays - cynical, but hopeful.
no a vos??
Got locked out of fb someone else talkin crap on my page... Wtf????
.....with names changed to protect the innocent....and the author!
Can't wait! “:Sweet Belgians, Jammin' Crepes and juice and coffee! So much deliciousness on Saturday morning!”
how do I unlock
Trust your week back to school & work went well. Please remember to complete #ECET 2survey.
up this early on your vacation? !
well nite goin to the stack
MIKEY!!! I LOVE U! Cant wait to meet you in April! Follow me!(:
