Nailed the audition for the a & tv series hope to hear good news from it
We also have teams playing Sat/Sun in MN. 2013 PG Jenna Orr will be playin in MN, not USJN tourney
you guys are apart of THE GREATEST SHOW ON TV.. Love
What would I do without you!
casting site for reality shows = www.realitywanted.com
Look inside our gorgeous models
Perhaps they do not know the early works. Bring a helmet for too! ;-) RT : Even Murmur!?
hahaha. I'm a Tech celebrity.
Watching the Sports Science feature on Luke Kuechly makes me hope the Seahawks take him on Thursday.
Making garlic potato soup y'all
lsn360 NEWS/ Mr. David Barron just spoke in the Pierce college public Hearing regarding redistricting Los Angeles
S/O to all the new followers as well as those who have been down since day one. LIVE EXCLUSIVE!!!!
No, I will not follow Goddammit twitter get it together.
I study Deutsch every Wednesday at school hahaha,I love the lessons but the teacher is quite boring :/I'm so tired with school:(
Nobody is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry!!!
These trending topics <
Thank God for early morning prayer. Early in the morning my song shall rise to thee! Fired up and ready to go!
But then who would make the people sweat? Til they, uh, bleed?
Successful tip to grow was to ask to collaborate with like minded organizations. Ask them to share.
Sex Ain't Better Than Love!! Haha
- Party Time Bitches ! ! !
#ATLANTA - Tell the babysitter not to wait up. Karaoke & Spoken Word this THURSDAY 7p to 10p 1267D Glenwood Ave. Come enjoy!
You would think, the closer it get to graduation THE LESS work you would have t(-_-t)
Hey the Total Health Immersion is already creating some buzz... bit.ly/h3D7iP - Get ready & :-)
I swear so many people at my school walk like they have a stick up there ass.
Hello from Center City!!!
Happy Birthday Dear:)
*smiling as I put my arms around your neck* I thought you would never ask. Wanna play who can throw the bus farther again?
The Weekend Show tonight!! >.< Brent better remember his promise :P
Section V championship tomorrow at the Country Club of Mendon! Can not wait!
looking good on Today show!!
let's beta test an in-home campaign that brings consumers in-store to redeem via
Just noticed that my account has been hacked with these weird "weight loss" tweets. I guess now I need to figure out how to report this.
"Bad Company Corrupts Good Character" what you surround yourself with is what you're allowing to influence your life.
no I did. You did it which is even better.
Does Univ of Arizona SID Tom Duddleston have a Twitter presence? His info seems to reach wvu news before tucson news?
Crying used to be a symbol of manliness.
Yes, and IMO a poor strategy“: Excellent math. RT : not one attempt to run last series? #falcons giants”
Angels now down to option D as closer, LaTroy Hawkins says he fractured pinky on final out, and thought Brewers had guys dropping like flies
Listening to music
enjoying an iced americano at Fluid
parents gone till nxt saturday :) party at my house
Okay, so I'm not the only person that thinks that too. Good.
That scribble scrabble you call hot rhymes/ garbage raps 2 years i give til your career beeps...flatlines/ trash raps on life support
if y'all tour the panhandle, hit pittsburgh up soon, i book events every so often, &your lyric video on youtube is impressive
Aw is boss
place is nuts!!!
burnt toast and hello thursday morning
People never change. They just become more of who they really are.
Interesting take. I agree on the check fees, but debit fee at $5/mo doesn't work for me. That is $2.50-$5 per transaction for us.
Enjoying the bill Cunningham doc on Netflix, thanks to mentioning it at lunch!
Amazing to see the economic optimism in Germany....and the growth.
when can i get the baconnaise in a store?
are you and austin dating??
is getting racking up some serious brownie points! +
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common-sense. Helen Rowland
I find myself using cash less because _____________________
good to know. I kept thinking about it. Ha.
What ADD? -_- And go watch either NANA or Claymore, you fool. (:
And I'll be the greatest fan of your life<3
Thanks for the follow Dr. Cully. Looks like you're doing well in
Lol! JJ think he a funny guy
Watching indiana jones in English :L
Check Out The Complete EZ Marketing Tool & Tell me What U Think E: www.Video-TV-Email.com
Well I guess its a Goodnight ^.^
#pointlesscelebrities Lindsay Lohan
Nice. I hope you reciprocated with a boob shot. It's only fair and polite.
yeaa Ik that's why it's fucking funny.
Justin Bieber has this James Dean kinda look going on now.
Listening to Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels at the Business Summit, Indiana improved its charter law this yr supported by the Gov
You wonder why I'm never home, it's because I hate having to deal with you, id rather pull my eyes out than talk to you
These coyotes in the forest behind my house are going crazy.
RT : Love this: Bookworms will rule the world! As soon as we finish one more chapter.
new #blog for the yuletide.
MY SHOULDERS ARE KILLING ME.
Im babysitting right now little boys.. DAMN wat a day. Well soo funnii..
everything new
I love how I tweet everything I do
I take her to the mall buy her all types of designers....
that's crazy lol
Lowkey sad right now.
Welcome back pink hair!
Are you at #GrandNats? Stop by and see us in the Yamaha area. Mike and Jeremy are ready and waiting to help!
RT : Tonight, and I will be playing a duet show at from 10pm-2am - come see us!
I would make a move if i thought there was a chance he'd let me in.
forwarded me your site - very cool, we should talk sometime.
Mark your calendars for January 15-31, 2012! Stay tuned for exciting announcements to come!
yah but its more creepy because you can barely see what people look like & act like!
Enjoy THANKSGIVING!!!
what do you do when caffeine no longer affects you..........
you too see you in NAPA for
S/o to my 8th period english class you guys suck
When am I ever gonna get my chance?
An act of service is an act of love and trust. Its also an act of responsibility and of courage a stand for the integrity of human life.
I'm gonna miss ur history class. Lol
me? I'm not famous!
sherlock holmes 2? BEST ending ever!
Love me for what I am and for what I am not.
Hi Dan, thanks for the follow!
keep slipping! I will get out of the zone!!!!
Just finished studying for my calc finals...now I have to sleep and take it in 6.5 hours
Goodmorning beautiful people, have a bless day,
The best basketball player, you have never heard of! Using social media to get in the NBA
Good morning to you as well. Hope you have a great week. Take care and best wishes always.
love this!
Where IS whn #Mittens NEEDS her 2 THINK 4 HIM whn HE IS ASKED QUESTIONS...any questions FROM ANYBODY!... LOL
Have a great weekend Thanks for the follows
your username is hot, js.
What time nail shop open ?
leave me alone..
TUES WED THUR! CANYON HIGH SCHOOL!
Am I suppose to give a fuck? BECAUSE I DON'T.
we need to make a pilgrimage to that bier garten soon, for sure.
Going to do a lil shopping today
it seems i like competition dats y im always on twitter
going thru same thing! Good luck!
Sounds like what you're talking about is a cohesive national identity rather than cultural homogeneity.
#winning #FINALLY RT Yes, I'm bandwagoning the this playoffs now that the Blackhawks are out.
It's 2 o'clock. I'm rendering.
What's the coolest nationality besides us? (Because we all know how cool we are). I'm going Canadians.
Officially ended my excursion to SES NYC, had a great time met a lot of great marketers! Going to blog it soon.
Are you setting out to try a sports podcast?
With 2012 Well Underway, 7 Speed Reading™ Announces a Record... Growing to become the market’s leading force in speed reading softwar
Wontcha go sit in syrup & let the bees getcha !
for sure. Did it again for Rosicky's goal, but even the dense Robson noticed on FSC
Excited to host events for & of #Atlanta at Goldfish 2 nights in a row this week!
Putting the button on this skirt to the test! Time to check my life, check my decisions!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 69
truly one of the dumbest articles ever written.
New fave phrase for mindset and info engagement: "continuous partial attention" Need to find original author. Perfect description.
Every morning I read your horoscope to see how you are instead of texting or calling
ah ok
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures+ more !!!! MusicalStop.com!!!!!!
Awesome! Hey, I see your giving that pony some sugar, can I get a fist bump?
Woke up to my Facebook being blown up with Raiderlink hate statuses.
My phone battery be dying way to fast an its not like I be on the phone all day :(
Randomly staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation.
SO. We dislike timeline. A lot.
thx for the follow www.weedropweerock.com
ouch! Thanks for the heads up! I guess I should actually look at the schedule!
I want to build a vivid, evocative visual landscape...refining a physical language to reveal persona and mood. -Vicky Shick
Last night I sang at #THE NASHVILLE PALACE!! Heading to Kentucky to sing at Scotts City Limits tonight!!
yes I watch it before I go to bed on adult swim lol . It's the funniest shit on right now
we dont go down without a fight
Wow! G8 Summit cancelled in Chi-town moved 2 Camp David Probably best thing 2 do but sorry state about the world we live in!
Forgot all about Mother's Day!
This game is so close omg if we lose I'm going to scream!!!😱
I'm Gonna meet If U had 1 question what would it be?
#ItSeemsLike more females wanna get pregnant in hs n not Graduate.
Attack... Storm... Blaze... Velocity... Impulsive...
Turn to You is a good song lyrically but I don't like the sound of it :/
Have a Great weekend &
you have a mind, I'm sure you will have an idea… lol
I must say girl is good at her job very nice but do not know her like u do. I wanted to say something but decided not to.
Find patience in the breath of life. Ryunosuke Satoro
Just got paid and paying all my bills so I can spend the rest of my money however I please:)
I'll be at PriceSmart Foods on Ackroyd at 1pm. Come say hi!
GO FOLLOW NOW MY BRO !
That's what I was thinking... *High 5*
I just looked at his page yea bruh go!!!
Well Im Starting Chapters :) <3 Please Like and Read :)
Q: What shoes are you craving these days?
Heading to the hotel (:
Perfect on a beautiful day like today! Thanks for visiting us!
One of the most effective, multifaceted marketing approaches available today! www.bigmouthadvertising.com
u got one tatto ?
Life is too short for people who suck the happiness out of you. When you free yourself of negative people, you free yourself to be YOU!
I Wish !
you can get free wifi at District Conference! Makes tweeting a lot easier...
Niggas fashion is weak they be wasten all the modles.
Well, Androids have Instagram, my fellow iPhone users. Time to witness bad photography.
People are overrated.
#myworldtourmemory well that's depressing, because i don't have any. :(
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator
": Ill slap you off that bar stool, leave hand prints all across u" get a life #bitch (:
omg i just got this, did everything turn out ok???
I love #boyfriend it waz AMAZING <3
"Don't let walls in your field stop you. Continue to be aggressive and make strides." - Rachel Masters
people mistake me for being cold hearted but most people i know are more cold hearted than me
Chicago foodies. Any thoughts? RT : Any specials for May in Chicago? I'll be there from April 29 to May 7!
well u do have the best bio I've ever seen hands down others are. Good but urs is the ish
Action always beats inaction. - Chad Timothy
are you implying Colon is now juicing it?
Waving back
Where's Bruno Mars at? Haven't heard from his cute self in awhile. Lol.
Damm dude look JUST Like Pac!
Thanks! It was great, just sad they lost :-(
": Eatin cereals watching Harlem nites!"- nigga you a fool
Watched "Head of State" *and "Oceans Eleven" last night
Finally got my phone fixed!! 😘📲
If you walk into the clasrm thinking "your way" is "their way", 1st of all, you're mistaken, and 2ndly, you have immed created a barrier.
I need a #boyfriend...:/
Ah, you just missed the Substance night last Friday!
Being a mother is a choice NOT a career. One does not get paid to raise their kids. Being a stay at home mom is a LUXURY and nothing more.
im kinda a little out of shape
I want to wish you a very happy Mother's Day. You are an amazing mom.God Bless. XOXO
I've now had the Kindle Fire for nearly a month -- and it's awesome! A great value and does way more than I thought it would.
Dave Miller Experience 7:30 tonight! (Dave Miller/harmonica, guitar, vocals; Bill Martin/guitar, Andrew Wilson/drums). All ages, no cover.
thinking of you today. Hope all is well.
We are Human we makes our own magic.
tell Joey he has a bday party at noon
Thx for getting the word out!
In Orlando Town for a quick visit!
Jst got up frm ma nap *sigh* idnt like naps but o well i am nw nice n awake haha .. hm im hungry though ama go be a fat butt :o.
Tomorrow, not today! Hope you weren't waiting too long...let me know if you can still meet tomorrow!
Game tonight, Kings vs. Trail Blazers. Can't wait for our 2 exciting routines! Go Kings!!
Thanks for playing your part on Twitter, Matt! :)
March is hard for me because it's when B was diagnosed and when I spiraled down due to insomnia one time.
I just started a Google spreadsheet to help keep track of all of the attire needed for my impending seven weddings. Yeah, that happened.
Comcast service (internet and tv) has a serious, recurring hiccup. Gettin' effing fed up here, boss.
To the most courageous country in the world - God Bless You.
It took 1 inning for McCarver to move February to late spring and have Alex Gonzalez hitting homers "as far as anybody."
Great productive day with hiked,errands,layed out,washed dogs,now headed to Equinox to get a great workout in!Malibu in AM!
I'll do it
Psych! Let's do this.
I'm mildly creeped out by its accuracy and speed-inator-ness.
I have an exciting weekend ahead of me
lmaoooo or what
I miss the bbm faces -_-
I like seeing that "Church in the AM" is trending
"Raising Arizona" may seem like a good kids movie when you haven't seen it in ages, but when you start watching it...uh...
Delvin Young PR advice: Come out and say when you drink too much, you turn into a different person. We undestand
If U Know Me Den You Know What I Thinking Money Franklins Thousands TruReligion Troujans
Happy #CincodeMayo! How are you celebrating?
is legitimizing themselves and becoming my generations Wu Tang Clan. you fuck with that? you oughta tho
I hate to see you leave, but I love to watch you walk away
Omg dedication
hi person.
Happy Friday y'all!
Kicking off #CincodeMayo w/ a festive bang tmrw! Wear ur fav Mexican attire, *Shorts & flip flips welcome!
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most bad-ass mommas out there! :-)
Oh? new, j-o-b...do tell? I am going to Au Cheval tonight...excited.
Who told you about Instagram? I'm going to get even more whiplash now! Oy vey. -_- lol.
we're comin for you...
THEY WILL FIND THAT TRUCK IN NO TIME.
Hello Sydney. Greetings from Florida. TY for the follow; happy to follow back. Liked your piece on the Avengers.
is officially moving to New Orleans. Boom.
Heading to the Yoop in the morning...love it!
haha just kidding either because I take them in the early part of the day when no one is there or I look for empty areas ; )
You're 34 and are STILL looking for a prince who will treat you like a princess? Christ christ almighty sweet Jesus
get over it cure
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
I dnt even know hw it started
Virginia politics can be scary stuff.
Glad you guys are enjoying our free picks.
Having all of my classes on Mon-Wed is starting to get to me. I'm exhausted. Need a couple of days of sleep!
One Thing by just came on! this is a sign! #WEGOTTHIS #ONEDIRECTION and #SWAG lol
Something you forgot - lil wayne >>>>
it was the Herpes medication--everyone in MKE knows that
waiting on my oatmeal to finish. Gonna eat that, drink a protein shake, and then it's to the gym.
Conversations with the crew >>>>>
Now Teddy Long please rehire ! Thankyou
Building confidence and creativity, block by block with 40% off a WEDGiTS Building Blocks Starter Set and Design Card Deck this week from...
what's your zip?
The RT was because your laugh made me laugh again!
Its hot af out here!
Thank you wish you the best with the
RT We learn through pain because God knows we remember when we hurt. Keep struggling. Glory is waiting on the other side.
WHAT DID YOU DECIDE? I FEEL I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW.
PACKERS 9-0!!! YES!!! Great way to start the week!!!
RT : When you see who's really there for you, it's kind of a reality check.”
The news showed that one in six families don't have food for thanksgiving. Give to a food pantry if you can!
We're very pleased to welcome to Twitter! Please check them out for regular, lip-smacking updates on food & drink!
Haha nice! RT : Let Me In
Love never fails; Character never quits; & with patience & persistence; Dreams do come true. -Pete Maravich
You can have to many chix. You can have to many cars. You can never have enough sounds or money!
Is there a socially responsible alternative to Apple? I need a new computer but I don't want to contribute to unfair labor practices…
Woke up sicker than yesterday :( Is the semester over yet?!
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Mini Makeup Brushes! Was it business as usual for you while your coworkers took off for the holida
hey man...cool avi!!
lol I retweeted it to see what you Guys would say
oh shit hahahahaha i forgot about that. best line ever.
Just saw "The Artist"...one word...brilliant!
u got that right!
"hypercorrection" is usually an actual mistake. Directors-General just behaves like attorneys-g, secretaries-g
#PrettyProgressive is on NOW! Tune in to
wait, you were taking jumpers? Go to the rack, son. Know your role...
a lot might have changed but you'll always be kidrauhl at heart! Love you!!(-:
A plate of expensive food is just a big dump waiting to happen.
I screw up everything..
I <3 Sushi!
Interesting discussion on the importance of the #DreamAct!
"mobile-first design" forces web designers to rethink content strategy
's Student Center Groundbreaking - Oct 6... it's about time! #Love&Honor
YOU'RE THINKING: "I hope I don't have homework over Thanksgiving break."
Why are the Knicks so wack?!?
Just because I had one bad experience it doesn't mean that I will have another one.
I meant sluts Damn auto correct!!
RT : Near perfect night! #Rockies win, saw &amp; talked to &amp; (who were freakin amazingly ni ...
I wonder who's gonna catch that...
Good way for a rude awakening, sir.
Are you excited about the May issue of Open Letters? We are! From Derek Walcott to D'Agata, from Sylvia Plath to Brian Evenson...
RT : Followed up 's scoop by googling "Perry Guinea Pig" and found a youtube vid of a cavy singing with Katy Perry.
Just wrapped up a beast of a media tour briefing book - phew!
"is that weed in this cup?" "no, it's tea."
I just turned 30, so therefore I am locked out of all new slanguage...what is this #YOLO you speak of?
Seriously how many movies am I.gunna watch today
thats all thats in my way now, and ill be done around 2pm Wed...
Sounds like a plan! DM me your email :)
thank you!! I appreciate you jammin the prototype :) “: yo! #9 is the jam! Really dope mix tape!”
They will be given away NEXT wed. FROM NOW TO WED I WANT TO HEAR EVERYONES REASON WHY IS SO
Very helpful list. Thanks for sharing!
#CLIPPERS 33 #Grizzlies 29 Let's close the half out SMART! #GoCLIPPERS 2:37 to go in half.
Love this show.
Checking in to see how you're feeling. Like Dorothy said in the Wizard of Oz, there's no place like home!
Wondering if want to go 1/4 on a gift for the
that's the one!
"To each is own and all are God's, don't let your borders be someone else's boundary." From Marcia L.A. Dyson's "Reflections of Hope."
‎"I don't want my personality to become bigger than my music"-Adele. Neither of those compare to your hips
If they can't acknowledge you in public then they don't deserve you in private.
Haha! Thats Madden Fool!! “: Aye mane.. Lakers gota get off the sticks doe... 21'd”
they're TERRIBLE. But I'm so fascinated. How? Why?
That's what I did. From the mainsite.
please send me a list of all their names & emails or go to the sign up page that can be found on the FB page.
Hold on - I'm not sure. But I think it's over.
I love ur mom too!
Feeling so BLESSED!
ok that's what's up
Leave it to ceelo to class it up with a drumline.
Researching plants I remember as a child for a project. Looking at Salsify tonight. Dad used to spray paint these. Arrange.
You survived Tuesday (nearly) so Welcome:
Yeah that was a soap- opera bridge too far
kiss my ass bitch
There are only 3 $12 Tuesdays left. We will be changing it it for the new year.
BoUt To Go To SlEeP TwItTeR. SeE Ya ToMoRrOw!!!
omg they're everywhere!
u gonna be at some shows? looks like back to back road trips for me Phish in Toga and Furthur in Bethel woot!
No one mentioned Tim Tebow today. Did something happen? :))
no one can hate me enough to stop what LOVE doing, which is making music. :)
Hubs just turned on a Van Damme movie. Early bedtime confirmed.
omg I can't believe my baby is 16 slow down..
I'm a mahomie :) and you? RT If you're a mahomie
I really need to read some Edgar Rice Burroughs books! Why o why have I not read any of them yet?!
#deusex soundtrack is beyond epic
when do you graduate?
are you a teacher?
I'm making all my passwords the word incorrect , so when it says password is incorrect I'll know . Smart lol
Mike Herbermann, you are so annoying. Leave me alone.
“: speak seshhhhhhhhh” really???? SPEAK?? Come on
There is no such thing as permanent knowledge!
i knoowww mother but i was kinda transformed at birth, i came out yelling
The reason for Ms. Ellen London's termination is unclear to me.
I'm so happy....the Fairy Godmother knows the outcome of SF of #H50...enjoy folks!
you get points for good husband/father today! Preggo massage is a must! Now just a nice dinner and perfect lol
THAT IS HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT THO INSTANT BONER
considering how much time it takes me to stroll around there that would be A LOT of cherry sours! Aw, come back!
Its so much easier to let god handle it...
Watching my favorite show #Once Apon a Time <3
Ok, lol! My boy never pulled this drama.
“: John Mayer rowing a kayak using 2 acoustic guitars joined at the head” three tools in one kayak should be a crime
HAHA METS MAYBE YOU'RE NOT UNBEATABLE STUPID METS.
It is raining and raining some more here in the lovely #pdx - need something to do ? Check out the
Majority of people who spoke, did so in favor of mosque. Even those in support said they expected more opposition at the mtg.
haven't tweeted in a while oh while i can't get rid of school
Immature love sees people through a lens of imperfection; while perfect love covers people's imperfections. -Joel Garcia
Lt. Guv attorney, Hoyt: Hall picked the metric that made the most sense to him. Uses Maestas expert Katz as reference.
After checking/coordinating with Howard and David, yes.
Better get some RT : Chestnut Hill / Mt. Airy fans: After today we won't be back in your neck of the woods for 3 weeks!
you will not be disappointed.
Happy Birthday JB. I want your babies.
me too.
But... but... but there's no crying in baseball...
he's a guy, he doesn't really know what he's talking about
Shout out to all #Canes, opens tomorrow!
I think has one.
Yes! The frogs.......deafening, yet entrancing.
I love walking
bout to watch hangover part 2
#GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle I spy with my little eye..
you were only talking about it. But I guarantee the couple was thinking about it too. so don't worry!
happy mothers day to the best mom on earth. I love you mom, 1 day i will be able to give you everything, thank you for always supporting me
I can fix this for you ;)
Kingdom of God is mentioned about 100 times in Gospels, church 2 and Christians 0. It was the main theme of Jesus and apostles preaching.
"I wasn't that drunk.", "Dude, you were hugging an old man with a beard and shouting 'DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE ALIVE!' "
One of the biggest things we could do to close the gap w/ Europeans is to pass this baseline #privacy regulation says Strickling of
would the number of JB
using Jose Canseco's twitter feed as my pedagogical opening gambit. juiced!
I love how tweets everything I would probably say... Aha
I am not sure how I feel about #RyanBraun winning his appeal.
WE NEED 3 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 300!! & 6 MORE "LIKES" FOR 430!!
In 1:30 hours, it will be FRIDAY! #RVA, what are your plans for the weekend?
nothing but i just ate pizza so i'm happy lol wbu austy?
Sju girl's realization of relativity: "Omg you're like so tall but like next him you're like short"
Make your goals S.M.A.R.T.: Specific, Measureable, Achievable, Relevant and Time Bound.
right on starz! give thanks... same goes for chicago. let's stay in touch. bless
What's the going rate? RT Did you know in Japan you can rent cats by the hour? I'm not talking about the musical.
My brother is having a lemonade stand
what's keeping you busy my friend?
ok its on its way! cheers
If you don't use everything you have (ie. twitter) to push your brand, you are wasting your time.
And that he is an idiot. LOL
- Thanks for the RT, I thought it was an interesting approach to weight loss.
Nice. I think it's the hair.
MT on Capitol Hill for #a4aChallenge. IS 318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
haha period. and same here foreal.
Things are good. Just been working a lot lately, but can't really complain about that :p lol....now u can get a hold of me easily
Change your thinking, change your actions. Change your actions, change your results.
I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional. Please email
I got an internship with ! I was overcome with joy when I received the offer.
": some cool chics! Lookin forward to future collaborations. S/o to "> Can't wait!
Why are you so set on shorting aussie yen?
promise I won't :D
RT : "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows.
Today's special at our local lunch spot features pasta with "shitake and cramini" mushrooms. Has ever a pair typos sounded filthier?
no big surprise its casey James
who are you aha?
online traffic school
Most likely a drawing. Still working out details.
I think we'd benefit from chain Scripture sharing as well as "chain praying."
Hate how one direction has been around for awhile and people are just noticing them now
#FF funny that stinks pretty
yeah! 104 years of service to all mankind
": #PJ Day 2012 coverage on Channel 9 and FOX 31. Mayor Hancock, ice sculpting & lots of PJ Day info."
Going to see and with Becca! :) If only was here too to make this night absolutely perfect.
The RIT gunman debacle just shows the delicate balance between people playing citizen cop vs. citizen spreading fear, uncertainty, and doubt
Just found my S.Carter collection mixtape i knw my homie know bout that!
I think I might've made a mistake. It seems like ive cleared your conscience...but what about mine?
Notice how he calls it his "house," not home. RT Next Saturday I'm opening my house up for a DeMaio for Mayor Champagne Brunch.
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten! Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter!
Josh Gray has signed with Texas Tech!
Thx. For the party, I like wine from Napa. :) The joy of Calif.
it's not official, I'm hoping to get some feedback before calling him again
Good luck! Im with you Gurl! #BethPhoenix!
Ah, haha thank you Natalie Portman.
Thank you! We appreciate the support! Wonderful to be recognized by #HBS & increase our capacity to serve young
@ _jennylynn Thx Jenny, I let the driver manager know. He will bring in the driver to have a talk, maybe put him through a refreshment class
Help me
3/3 never give up I love her and u to
The only good argument for any particular religion is "It works for me," or some variation on that idea.
I know seriously I'm only 10min in and I've said Awww like 20 times
It's a beautiful afternoon @ the Farm..Come by & pick up our strain of the day; White Walker! Plus, pick up any two top shelf grams for $30!
I blame that TD on the uniforms.
SCOOLS OUT LETS ROCK N ROLL SCHOOLS OUT LETS ROCK AND ROLL RT IF UR GLAD SCHOOLS OUT :)
Last day in New York, :(
u need to start stepping out with no less than 2 chics at a time.
A cloth over a birdcage. But it is certain that
People who get on twitter ; just to talk Shit <<<<<<
Of course, in his intro, said he was dancing since he was a kid. Why can't DWTS only pick celebs that don't know how to dance?
When it rains it pours! So happy for a turn around that is coming my way! Thank you all for your love and support! I'm #blessed!
Ladies if you wanna find out how to get your make-up proper.....follow fellas follow too she.s a 5* chick!!!!
Nice! What drive did you choose?
how was the Baher Butti #iraqi #refugee event?
In San Diego and hoping that it's actually a good omen when your project planning session gets rocked by a 6.0 earthquake! ;)
Yes shuh, kind of scary, huh?
MAN!!! its such an overwhelming day for mee..hope tomorrow is gud at skool
Almost 2 month in thanks for all the support!
thx4follow. Q: what do you think is the big #sxsw theme this year so far? social-entrepreneur, edtech, gamification, locatn
#hotmailmessengerchat #beingslumpedinspanish we're too funny.
Looks fine on my #kindle devices. I may have to reupload.
People are so unpredictable, even if you live your life as an open book, they'll still wonder which pages have secret messages
why aren't you at #12ntc? :) You should be here.
"The ladder of success must be set upon something solid before you can start to climb."
Meeting with the President of in 90 minutes. Banana, granola bar, and a double-cupped coffee... gameplanning the #YnH way
Thanks for the Oprah RT
greed. they're the same people who write virus protection software.
tequila rain tonight?
#flickr is a gr8 photo platform. U cn merge it w/ #wordpress 2. Wordpress has many photo gallery plugins that R dynamic.
Fatal Accident on Astoria-Megler Bridge has it closed both ways.... likely to remain closed for the next few hours.
fuck that shit I that why I love college it's been only my first year but homework once a week that is perfect just perfect
He's not sleeping, he is up
a twelve lounge wit vybe....Okc on the flat
Happy Birthday Frenchie!
am gonna watch him
FUN FACT. has attractive brothers.
My first response is "gross" my second is right-click-save.
Happy Queen's Day! Wear orange today for a free Grolsch!
Hey David. Get at to see about the competion. She is with Praise Dance Showcase
Morning went fine. It's Friday today. That's even better.
Yo Perfume Smell Like Roach Spray - 0_o ......
search "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo"
Thanks! I appreciate any information you can give me!
GM! Happy Friday !!
Never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about.
yes. Registered for 40 pacifiers...
seen one almost burst into tears lol
Perks of a Swiss professor: Swiss chocolate. Yum!
You too.
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
There is nothing more mature than responding to a complaint with "Eat Shit and Die".
Quiet time with family. RT Describe your perfect camping trip in five words or less.
what next week? Haha
One stop shop for business financing. No upfront fees ever. No cost for advice either. or 888-819-6660
So weather I know you personally or not, weather we've exchanged words or not, thank you for touching my life. Every thumbprint counts.
Stop by the B for a burger, fries and one of our new fruit juices, Mint Cantaloupe Agua or Peach Elderberry Lemonade!
Yea I hope he leave after this semester, but I have him unda control. Lets just say I kno ppl
where are we going tmrw? Lol I thought we were having that house party
Help Mid-Atlantic Pug Rescue raise money! At no cost to you! www.igive.com/welcome/warm_reg_promo.cfm?m=713564
“: My basketball knowledge may be a bit limited - haven't watched a complete PSU game since 2001.” and that was a girl's game
o what is the truth
I know we are all trying to keep each other awake.
Perfectly stated. RT "Pats won, Bruins won, Celts won. great night to be a #newenglandfan "
Gee tweeting CAN be fun.....John Cusack!
nice, would love to hear this story
Better Cueto has a bad game today than on Sunday against the Yankees.
TMF leading Sid down the path for a kill
I've almost said it to my students ... It IS a Smith thing (& you need that certain Smithie-type overachiever angst to work it)
I'm figuring out today if we are doing hospitality suite or VIP party in the hote bar today for #indyglazier. I'll let ya know!
but in the end i was fuckin' myself cause' i was way too drunk to fuck anyone else.
WoW!! Thanks for the great advice today via DM! You were discreet, but in thanking you I certainly won't be. You're a pro!
a whole lot but these are my main profiles
Really, AMC? The Killing is a total Twin Peaks rip-off. Pretty girl dead, Pacific NW, violent fathers, obsessed detective, now a casino too?
There are three (3) stories on CNN's front page about Demi Moore changing her Twitter handle. This is why we can't have nice things, America
-Quick twitter poll: LinkedIn: Yes, use it mostly for business connections. Others?
In another kind of asymmetric key system, Bob and Alice have separate padlocks
Yo I am not in Arizona....... I thought you knew. I moved in sixth grade..
My daughter is an at-home mom of 7, but w/out gazillions of dollars to help out - makes huge difference.
36 o's so im riding round wit that nina
Losing my ID my first night in town has made getting around #alawmw10 a LOT harder than I was expecting.
In a toy store picking up gifts for my oldest sons bday, 6 kids crying around the store and counting. I thought these were happy places?
Just had a super fun shoot with for You are gonna love this. Stay tuned.
Good Morning (:
Brunch Time, where should i go? Villa Mayfair Or Juvia Or Backyard Boogie
the worst show ever! Why they don't use kyrons to let people know what the name of the movie or show they are talking about
I think I may be related to those dogs. Gorgeous hair.
Had my first job interview today. I think it went well! I'm definitely excited about this opportunity.
.... Listening on our way to NOLA!
UK 2012 National Champions ...start the week off with a smile,
please tell me you have your phone lmao..
What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!
Thanks for the RT!
No matter your taste, interests & budget there is a floor for your home in Austin.... Shop local come visit us today!!!
Wishing all Our New Friends out there tonight a Big Hello from Houston Texas..Ride Safe and Often
Sugar Shane about to Ge Sugar Slain. Lookin sloppy out there
Bet it'll be nice to BREAKAWAY to have A MOMENT LIKE THIS with MISS INDEPENDENT :p
Bored I dnt want to go to skool tomarrow
This is gonna be a long day 😔
RT : ❑ TAKEN ❑ SINGLE ✔People play too many games..
I have math next and I so don't wanna go!!!
Notice how the #protoss positions his Colossus on the cliffs above his base to shoot down on the
Thank you, Carrie! RT : I encourage everyone to vote for for Kanawha County Circuit Court Judge.
RT : Couldn't tell all in my interview with but the secrets out! Who's comin to see me on stage w Tupac next Sun?
“: Could people please stop calling #1WTC the "Freedom Tower"? That Bush-era name was dropped long ago.” WHAT??
goto newarklist.co enter email That's it! we'll shoot you an email when the site is open for beta.
u can look at it as long as u dont grab it
i had over 400 pictures on my memory card and a piece of it just broke
That sucks >.<
But why? WHY?
UGH Jackie Christie...I already didn't like you and this show makes me dislike you even more!!
Omg can't sleep. Jeepers creepers
Going to #Vegas? Make sure you check out the Dirty Joke Show
hi i love you<3
hey im going to a beauty pagent
i would but twitter isnt letting me follow any more people until i get more followers :(
Twitter is now up to 200 Million Tweets per day! Wow...That's a lot of tweeting!
I think he means the meds you're taking now. Haven't you said they're better?
amazing effort by Meara, the kids on the back line. Dax, and Lindpere.
I'm so beat, anyone wanna leave some love in my mentions and we can start talking tommorrow? =D
You're welcome. I hope you're having a great week.
give up the good to go for the great **
Programmer/DBA turned Community Organizer turned Campaign Worker... I wonder how this plays out?
Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still. - Chinese Proverb
Painting the new Adirondack chairs for the outdoor seating area
If you post Dirty Bieber Secrets that you need some holy water.
TONIGHT! Comedy Straight 2 DVD at The Box Performance Space (2nd and Gold in ABQ )at 9pm! WE WE WE SO EXCITED.
Sweet Punks,you will stay engaged-nobody puts baby in a corner. Don't get cornered. Pause,Listen,Breathe,Go There as Proud Citizens B.Punk!
« Tweeting via Mobile > Tweeting via Web»
will do! thank you!
“ if it's over don't text/call my phone so I know its real ..”
Oh crap also forgot CFA is out tonight. Thanks for reminding me. This will be an unreal game tonight.
BACHELOR PARTY ROCKS.....
omg ur in los angeles.hopefully i see u
so sad
I've never seen this one all the way through --- It's hilarious!!!
Reading Jodi Picoult's Handled With Care...Can't seem to put it down.
Sitting in the airport at the gate, getting ready to board for another flight to Sacramento, Ca for Driver Development classes!
LOLed when I saw this, because you said it in reply to my pothole tweet haha
#its2012whyyoustill trynna hit the lean-wit-it-rock-wit-it
even if I had the ability I lack the heart 😔
We're looking for a local #Milwaukee company to offer a complimentary website redesign. Interested? Tweet or email:
Madonna to the Xcel Energy Center Nov. 3.!
I have no energy today.
I like this video of Contemporary director Paul Ha and artist Sean Landers. Ha looks like he's taking attendance while Landers speaks.
See Son del Llano Live Tomorrow Night Blue Martini! Pre-Party From 9-11pm Ladies Drink Free!
How come the #ows people don't recruit homeless. They already sleep on the streets ....
Dude! Who are we kidding? I still do that! Awesome we can trace it back to one of its first sightings. ;)
I'm at a pageant in new york or I would stage an intervention
I'd rather take a blow, at least then I would know, but baby don't you break my heart slow.
The Lakers got this they getting HOT
out chea with the fam at stocks .. happy beeday and hour to my cousin ceddy! =)
Hey Kim...ask the Grizzlies to reply to my tweets. Thanks.
Love the feedback. Your suggestions are noted, and we'll discuss it over cocktails tomorrow. Thanks for taking the time, Ryan!
futile? Yes: taking credit.
Im leaving at 0900 on Monday.
TY for once again being both a DR Corporate Member & the sponsor of DR’s Technology Woman of the Year Breakfast on April 26.
Good things comes to those who waits
We still have it. The $2 is to get your spot secured :)
War Eagle thru & thru, but it's sad to see go. Best Wishes...
In some ways, Sendak helped to raise me. RIP.
Complaint that Google n-grams isn't connected to any library...but isn't Google Books a library.
yeah, the skinny one was askin for your number!! Lol
I have homework -__-
For #FridayReads, a return to my childhood w SWIM by
I think I might have seen it too. It's the one with the camera tripod on top, right?
Thanks for the follow Thrifty! Love all the free events you're tweeting about...
New Video :) Coming Soon !
Sounds like he just wanted to play frogger with his life!
The leading hitter in the Reds' lineup is Joey Votto at .271. Only Votto and Stubbs hitting over .250. Overall, not good.
Getting ready for the Superbowl? Superbowl Village opens this Friday, how are you planning your studying to make a trip to the festivities?
Austin should make a music video for #SaySomethin. I think we would all agree on this am I right? RT if you do.
Yep Cuz I Love You! :)
lol...now thats a serious tweeter
when are you and getting married?
boom!!! Os that where thats from? Thx for proper citation!!
Um, she had a somewhat troubling series of tweets, followed by her apparently deleting her account
When it comes to your customers and CRM, good data in means good data out.
Our chances good vs UCLA IMHO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Thanks for the RTs
Oh yeah #sex oh yeah uh omg jk just joking ha
I've been walking around too agressively lately. Averaging nearly 17k steps for the last three days and my knees are a little sore.
Commission meeting in session. Will give direction to line drawers today for Congressional and Legislative districts.
sounds good loco xD
its got a great beat
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is Sweet Georgia Brown
You know Dude, I dabbled in pacifism myself at one point.
i though we was Cool ?
Heard the Hunger Games were only "meh".
mhmm. Like it?
How many of our songs are on it? Seeing as how party is our directive!
are you a photographer now?
fantastic article! :)
Miss Twitter today. Traveling to a school visit now in Lake Charles, LA
Walek & Associates wishes everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
fantastic idea sir!
If you want a good book to read, try "The Trickster Makes This World." phenomenal.
PC load letter?
That could be sedentary occupation
Fuck society, it doesn't do any good for anyone
Baltimore, what isn't happening today?
"I won't let love disrupt, corrupt, or interrupt me."
dude, work on your photo composition. I can't see your cigar or scotch glass!
Daily GTKY question: What Era do you think is the best? Why?
Turn off your television.
Peanutbutter fudge is a hit per official tester. He won't share & if I can peel him off the ceiling from the sugar hi, I'll b happy.
No need to let your past determine your future (:
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read. G.K. Chesterton
RT : Thrilled that begins mailing out Get Lamp today. // Nice! Hadn't heard of this.
Is anyone watching the Red Sox game? Greatest stolen base in history. Feet first AND head first
im hungry again :/
Lol.......I remember my nigga...I was just thinking about that earlier....u played just like he did today
Basketball all day. Who you got?
Trying to research at school... Bad idea. Internet keeps frezzing
I'm with you brother. Hard to imagine this franchise without him. Definitely a sad night.
Lol. I feel the same way. My only trade off with marrying an American woman is the lack of knowledge in cooking Trini foods
Oh no, precipitation in Austin. Everyone, drive reallyy slowww!!!! (there may be a little sarcasm there)
You got it! ; ) Ready to "Hang Loose" for sure! Ha! Hope you are having an amazing day!
“: Before writing children's books, Dr. Suess wrote very adult books such as "Boners" and "More Boners."” sounds like you
HEY NORTH CAROLINA: you're bumming me out.
Morning all.
#nowplaying No Lie by 2 Chainz feat. Drake. Obsessed.
Package misdelivered; ur rep says I can't file a claim that shipper has to & shipper closed for the day. Very frustrating.
Just had that hot green sauce again at a local Mexican joint and my lips are on fire. I love it!
awe!(: I'm watching hop too!(,:
who u b?
; all those fairytales are full of shit. one more love song, i'll be sick. #Maroon 5
Of course it was his idea lol, but everyone else wanted to do it too. It wasn't horrific, but I had to go really slow.
It's Employee Appreciation Day at ! We had a yummy lunch at What do your organizations do to show appreciation?
“: thanks for the cool swag. Can't wait to put it to use” So awesome, right??
should boards be accountable to all, or just the mayor? In chi the mayor appointed campaign contributors.
are you going to the KState game on the 17th?
Filming a Bud Light commercial all day in Malibu!
Nicomo, Nicole Moore!!! Your contribution is so important! Thank you times a hundred million!
RCYT big day!
There are a lot of sparkly bedazzled cowgirls at this rodeo.
Take Out at Barnes & Noble Sat., Aug. 1st at 11 a.m. The Story of Chopsticks by Ying Compestine. Meet artists Rick & Nancy Dillen.
IsraAID was on ground in Japan four days after earthquake and tsunami.
need so support
That also failed. Wendys was the final stop. Fries and Frosty :)
Do you hate it? You're not being very clear. ;-)
yes you have to scroll down a little bit it was probably awhile ago cause I haven't been on for awhile =P lol
Raymond Felton won't be able to follow up on one of his best games of the year. Will miss Tues. game vs OKC due to family reasons.
RT I love falcon flames !!!!
Anybody understand response to volly on the east #pdx zoning issues?
He said sucking dick for some shoes isn't gay ..............let me stop
yeah sure what do i have to do?
I might be subconsciously turning into a vegetarian.
it was awesome over here! Flying back home today :-(
by ATC I mean Around The Corner... Sorry ;)
Vet calls my dog Mr Kenny Kettner.
I LOVE yOU
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is a Jeses freak...& always up your ass about good decisions
Fashion show for the opening of the men's store at Neiman's in Bal Harbour last night was amazing!
pretty sure i would only consider having a C&C party if it was in a panel van parked next to an elementary school...
Excited to impregnate you with them.
trying to get my blog, myspace, facebook, and twitter all sychronized
1) Catch parent's eye 2) ask parent if they can help stop it 3) super power intervention -the flight attendant
im a real passionate person
Cool! Thanks! I'll pass it along to them.
Open the flood gates that will overflow my life & character with your grace, anointing and love.........Selah
A daring escape!--new page posted today at www.rocketrobinson.com
LOL ": Females are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are. #DeadlySpecies ™"
coming soon!! RT : the social at indulj was GREAT! I can't wait for the calendar of events to posy next week!
At Deluxe in Broadway for last day lunch
I just want to tell you that, you're beautiful. ~Damon Fizzy.
or just consider it a good chance to gun it....
Thought so too, but on the replay, he hits the back of Sproles' head with his elbow as he jumps. Tough call, but right call.
Abraham Lincoln said: "Let us readopt the Declaration of Independence, and with it the practices and policy which harmonize with it."
guess who doesn't care? This country loving girl right here ;)
nothing just working and now I'm with my best friend jack in the work and what about u!
Allergic to fish (not shellfish) like me? Some supplements use fish as part of the capsule casing so be careful
can't just not
r u going to be on new album
* glides like Janet to the kitchen*
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!
First time I've seen Bon Over...he looks like the guy who should be taking his daughter to gymnastics..
I love these crystal clear NY mornings. Makes me think anything is possible! (Love your website btw. Well done).
|#quotes Executives owe it to the organization and to their fellow workers not to tolerate nonperforming individuals in important jobs.
Merry xmas
Love The Way You Lie
You on some Dami -ish with your tweets, taking over my whole timeline LOL
Thanks! I wasn't thinking of "Voiles," but Debussy is of course a wonderful touchstone.
sup girl!
going to bed, waking up at 7:00 am. ttyl
Lol!!“: #Gemini women may manipulate several guys at a time, but when they find a good one, all the games stop.”
and was able to come up with some brilliant gifts - ThX 4 great selection and will be just as much fun as giving a fine wine!
you go out tonight
Catch Chef Mario on San Diego 6 in 10 minutes. He'll be giving a sneak peek at our restaurant week menu. It starts tonight!
Q9. Sea salt and olive oil.
We have one with a barbecue grill on top...
Eat cheap weekend!
performing solo, duet w/ Bruce Mui Ghent and w/ Maikaze Taiko at Dance Mission Theater in San Francisco, tonight at 6
yes mam, born and raised. What part of Florida? I go to Boca pretty often.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
dear #Blues, it's a trap! signed, Admiral Ackbar.
I don't follow American idol but that hot guy with the guitar should win
Will make the cut at the #theplayerschampionship?
off for a drive :P
Dont Chase After SomeOne You Like, Go After SomeOne You Love
A message to anyone reading this My ex is back & Im going on a car ride with him to listen to Coast to Coast AM. If i wind up dead
im trying to come down for a game as always James! holla at ya boy
"Well THOUGHT, or WISHED good and faithful servant" - No. "Well DONE...
heading back to the office tomorrow after being away for a week and a half. I don't know whether I'm excited, or terrified.
what did whitedick say our essay would be over?
how can you not put the OSU/ Ohio mascot fight in the #top10plays?
Work out ova wit now for some networking www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic I make good music ... That is all
Don't limit yourself to what other people think of you.
: I can scream really good like for real, me and are beast. (fuck yeah all day everyday!) haha
It's # SternSocialMedia not @ SternSocialMedia :P
What is the 6 digit club number for POKERSTARS-VIP club?
Why don't you hear about more dads eating the placenta?
Another Day....of this Bull...just happy to be alive somedays..
Billy Joel and DeAndre Brackensick say Only The Good Die Young, but please #ComeOutToPlay first
Success isn't permanent, and failure isn't fatal. Ditka, Mike
love the sassyness that is The man can only keep quiet so long.lol. love ya.
This morning was a study self session for the SCS exam, and this afternoon is at #DrexelUniversity clinic. How about you??
watching the last song!! (:
I'm imagining vials of insulin and test strip containers floating in on silver parachutes.
Did you love on your mom today?
“: that's way to early for me!” Like says...I gotta go to work! Until the day I can coach full time!!
I'm super short cause I never went to bed early.... lol
If anyone get hurt oops they fault
Would like to see more academics I admire be open and honest abt their first 3 yrs on TT. Who gets to sleep?!
Tried calling 94.1 and it ended up being 99.5 or something like that I just wanted to request One Thing and they wanted2 tlk to my mom...
Why does nothing ever get accomplished?
You're welcome! & that's impossible, believe me babe. & what do you see in math at the moment? :) xoxo ♥
By Number 2 I mean a second cup of coffee, not that I am about to go poop.
Just arrived at Rudolph Lake Campground in Santa Claus Indiana. And I thought South city was rife with hoosiers...
The significant problems of our time cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.
awesome finish!!! Great to see you win at our local track!!!
And even tougher when you get to tag along and not have to work ;)
RIP Dick Clark and LEVON.
is gettin' ready for work.
cuz libraries R full of cobwebs & dust,librarians R all secr witches. y do u think they all wear buns, 2 fit under pointy hats.
Happy Leap Day!
please follow she is you biggest fan!32
Hi, I'm Rickie Weeks. You might remember me from such home runs as...the monster I just hit.
It ain't no thing fans are Laker fans, they know now that since your here , your a threat to the Lakers reign in L.A.
Interesting night...Hahaha
Your high school post was pure awesome. Especially since I know where you went to school and I recognized at least 1 person :)
I don't think anyone expects that. But it's OK to be frustrated with not getting closer than the Sweet 16.
you were making fun and you know it! You went to Cornell, you're smart and a good journalist. Just hope you think b4 u tweet.
S/o to for saving my life by lending me her graphing calculator
I don't sleep much
Yes! No re-branding or chasing fads. Instead embracing our expertise while supporting sustainable future 4 city & US
Stop by today for some delicious fresh pot-ta-to soup
Have you ever been fired?
please contact me about fraudulent activity -- someone used my debit card to sign up for a membership
I hate life fitness so much! 😖🔫
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone.
RT : RT : Wanna hear a joke? The NBA.
Your attention, please. Just 2 hours until a very strange Evening Magazine. 7pm KING 5. Thank you.
Busy night at safehouse karaoke all the auto show spokes models are here
I need to find a way to get you to lighten up, chick! It's a comedy! Melissa McCarthy was a riot.
YAAYYY!!! BREEZY WON A GRAMMY!!!
But you know, she wasn't with him...
Watching Debbie Allen speak to LAUSD board on importance of arts #education. Spot on & spectacular!
congrats! almost as many years as "lower" education...
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1831 #Quebec and #Montreal were incorporated as cities.
Watching demi get punk'd lmfao too funny :P
Was going to read your article but couldn't get around the popup.
Wait.. wtf is mi/ga? I don't remember that, lol, it was DONT HAT xD
anyway... im seeing again in 3 weeks!!
Great Company, I love my glucose meter, thanks ADS!
If youre a car, and youre driving on the east busway: youre wrong.
Happy to have you in WI, but the point is we need national money to compete with Walker, not another Wisconsin fundraiser.
Looking for people who have been financial supporters and/or volunteers with Planned Parenthood Southeast. email .
thanks. glad the point was represented and smart albeit so not-sexy!
And Lakers fucking suck right now. Except Kobe.
#erl12 We cannot build systems in a vacuum & we need librarians to help pressure content providers to use standards. Bob McQuillan
Of course my cousin Tricia is in the 8th row @ the Suns/Lakers game, someone in the family has to expirence this ridiculous play!
The #Badgers would have no one to guard
Severe thunderstorm watch for southern MN until 11pm tonight.
Two tournament games booked this weekend
Guy just shows up for work, clocks-in, clocks-out and WINS, yet always given the shaft RT : Kyle Orton is a class act.
Take a picture and tweet it.
Show your Alice In Chains ticket to the #Frightown box office tonight only and receive $5off FrightTown regular admission (from 7p to 11p).
Adrian Rosario and Daniel Ray Herrera are the PTBNLs in the K-rod trade with Mets.
Good morning tweeps! We are halfway through the week already! Pick up a 20 piece #McNugget for a yummy lunch or dinner to share.
It's official, I'm obsessed with Can't stop pinning.
I didn't know you lived there...cool...but seriously this is for $640 million dollars...it has to be as random as the drawing
apparently i now learn that it's snowing from Twitter, as opposed to say, looking out a window. thanks ! (sits 60ft away from me)
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 43
The full film will be available to rent and buy mid December. Dan Jimenez from AustinTX is the director. Thnx 4 the interest!
April is almost here...who has an April birthday???
Mental? You want to see MENTAL Orlando City? You guys are weak. Come on bulls let's score a goal!
Going to be an awesome day for design in April !
continued... I said "You are fortunate I love you so much... I only let the one's I love bite me!
Thanks. I can introduce you to a ceremony where you could start. There are actual practical steps to take, believe it or not.
its all time :) getting closer :)
compelling #deadipad use cases!
Yeah, Christopher Plummer!
Just launched a fabulous Facebook promotion - become a fan of Hotel Carlton on Facebook to take advantage of this (and all future) offers!
Good Morning February 29th, where have you been the last four years?
RT RT If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace for at least 2 hours.
Dammit little tinker toys in my floor wtf
you're hiding something....
It's almost been a year since started following me but I havnt had any luck talking him yet
"The V-Live Lounge Of Houston" 9275 Richmond Avenue. We Don't Close Until 6AM. FREE No Cover Charge & TONIGHT...! "Daddy LO" NDAMIX
I've been busy but good :) How have you been?!
In dealing with Bush's failed economy, we MUST be able to buy more votes, and THAT is why the Debt Ceiling NEEDS to be raised!
Orioles lead Rays 4-3 at the Top of the 6th Inning
lol i dont really go on twitter anymore
on shaky ground today in manhattan! that was a crazy feeling.
Sometimes things fall apart so better things can fall togetheer <3 c': .
The US Postal Service employs more union members than the whole auto industry. That's telling
easybib helps with documentation
By summer we need to have as accuarte as we can get and decide if taxing capacity allows for other projects to be in included.
Not going to lie. Just went to Ricky Martin's website to see if he was touring anytime soon. Sadly, no.
5d6dQhQs2d into a $250 pot ... The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
Katy Perry Part of Me 3D
let me know...check out www.bitchimfrom.com
Need a cure?! We've got you covered!
maybe if he showed more boob.
We were kind of under-dressed. But hey, that's how we roll at ZNF.
... it being internet marketing.
Lol Anything Is Possible
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?
There's gotta be a better way!
already much respect they will very soon
Let Me Do You All Night Long (:.
But we can't saturate the market if density is held hostage to FAR and "density bonuses".
Records were meant to be broken!
i knowww. me too.
I'm talking to that guy right now (:
when you wake up at 1:30 and are tired by 3:00...
As do you! Hope we see you again soon!
did a search for los gatos and you popped up. Such good taste on your blog!
Hey Ike, are you going to be at Heinz field on Saturday for the Fan Fest ??
how are u
Giving up on your dreams.
Thanks for the quote and for RT'ing the piece.
Charles Krauthammer says that Rick Santorum is stuck living in the 1950's
give us a hint of what it is <3
love France!
The grader probably won't agree with that, but oh well.
Too many fat girls.
Hey #PinkHatArmy, get out there and tell the world that I deserve #SB46 tickets because I am just so awesome.
is that for me or mommy?
Organizational requires knowing the culture in place and alignment across diff staff levels
thanks for the follow.
After 1.5 hours I finally figured out how to create nice graphs with LaTeX...now to find a reason to use this new power
Don't be ashamed or afraid to take as long as you need; it takes as long as it takes. You are in my prayers.
Thanks for pic of me stepping out from Merch role to bang some drums! #rockofthemerchistops twitpic.com/5ibggg
How can someone so easily let go of such an amazing thing staring right at them?
If your ponytail looks like the end of a "Baby paint brush" we can't date.
I was shocked to see that he is that disgraceful...
Warren Buffett takes stake in Lee Enterprises
3/11/1792->J. Armstrong: I am sure there never was a people who had more reason to acknowledge a divine interposition than the United States
Where are you off to?
RT : . Based on 's radical herstory, they have a responsibility to act on behalf of #racialjustice!
I nod back, while patting the back of the adopted boy we're educating together, relieved that we can communicate...
Ah. Gotcha. I was looking for a connection in the lyrics but you didn't go that deep. ;)
will do. Turns out she's not an academic at all but has built a career on bashing academia. And now black studies, I guess.
I turn on the TV and Gene Simmons is doing the local weather.
PANTS PENNY'S BOAT
Hey! We are having a party in your honor on 8/20 in Seattle - can you come?
Bouta make dinner :)
aww! is on a postsecret this sunday :D
U.S. births are on the rise and are projected to grow over the next few years. Who needs a Bottle Snuggler? :)
I think I'm a better case interviewer outside McKinsey than inside. The Firm should hire me and as interviewing consultants ;-)
Tweet Tweet
I personally don't understand the backlash against Homeless Hotspots - although the name is poor, it's a service that helps both parties.
Apache... Come thru RT Where did you go tonight?
I wanna smack that kid so much.
Gigantical thank yous to and for being with us all day!!!
#wallywallywallyworld false alarm, they are piling in
For those counting at home, I've gotten 9 emails from various groups since the announcement.
S/O TO JOYCE SPARKS FOR THE GREAT INTERVIEW!!!
Loving listening to Joel Bremer's amazing CD this morning!
I'm at kilroys! I better see you!!!
i know it sucks!
My favorite part of my day; dreams
I'm obsessed with them!
My initial computation for one of the Xultun Maya numbers: 1195740 / 819 = 1460 Sothic cycle fractal number. Maya 819-count is the K'awil.
Seriously have received 15 robocalls today. WTH? Do these really work?
These hair extensions are getting on my nerves. >.<
I hate Carl #WalkingDead hope he becomes a
Sitting in the Senate gallery. My friend and colleague from Mongolia, Khatanbold Oidov, is being recognized on the Senate floor.
I just discovered and I love! Her voice, her songs are amazing!!!
RT #oomf is a call girl and is now PREGNANT. WTF rawed that bitch? // Hope she tests negative
S/o my nig down in #ATL holding it down for #Memphis #Work that's what we do
Nice tie this morning! You and Kim match!
hulk smash
and here comes the thinking 😞
He's the Frank Burns of Minnesota.
Too bad they're so few and far between. Besides 711 Press stuff, which is work & play, I read mostly classics for pleasure only.
Success does not come to those who wait... and it does not wait for anyone to come to it. -Unknown Author
Somebody make me laugh...
Imma take Martin to the Puppy Park!
Breakfast with "He pulls out your own expertise"
's music is the reason I can't fall asleep at 1 in the morning!
and delicious cheese!
woah! Do you have an extra helmet?? I want to be your backrest sometime! ;)
Well, it's your fault for not finishing Overblood 2. The FB group has a right to be mean IMO.
Among my four brothers, four sisters and me, I was the only one to leave Virginia and seek my fortune elsewhere.
Wall Street, now that's a waste of
business and ecology data hidden in untranscribed pics of menus
Oh well, I'll join in & say that this former New Orleans resident is enjoying Baton Rouge, & I'm excited to start at LSU! Geaux Louisiana!
I wanna see Rousey make her tap out in first 30s
I kinda wanna giggle RT : “ #thingsthatlastedlongerthanDaleHuntersNHLcoachingcareer This tweet”
lol thank you.
Almost to the California border!
Love that track also!
'See Through' is fantastic.
Newest HUD numbers are out: 636,017 people experience homelessness on any given night in America, down 2.1% from 2010.
your sleeping over baby? <33
Hey Ryan Braun: When your a doping cheat and if you beat it thanks to a dubious lawyer then keep quiet cuz your life now becomes HELL!
She has agreed to get/read the book. That's a good start!
I'm leaving the day after your bday love
Great article by on why Virginia is for (wine) lovers. Nice shout out to RdV
i think the latter is true. lol
Hi Phil! Saw your post on #Explore - I'd love to chat with you about #QR codes and how we might be able to help
uh too school for cool
when do you leave for Miami?(:
wants it to STOP SNOWING
finally I'm charging my phone!
Bordeaux Futures Hit the Market, But Is Anyone Buying? (Wine Spectator) Recent days have brought top wines like Margaux and Haut-Brion; w
Whats the secret for glowing skin? Exfoliation! What about softness? Exfoliation! And also clear skin? Exfolia...you get the point :-)
Every art director I've ever worked with has understood that typography & spelling are a part of design and not an afterthought.
There's an 80% chance that I'm going to Florida in July #YEE ^_^ I might see there, hopefully I'll get to meet him for real!<3
awesome guide!
Sitting in on a session about the digital divide in Baltimore
It's been less than 4 minutes and I'm already bored with Jax!! God help me!
thanks but its true ..
I know right. Talk about using berken as batting practice...hopefully jakey is on a roll tonight
I walked all thru my house trying to find where it was coming from, its getting louder
Riding to Phoenix with
should it still be a big deal when a women dunks in game?? I'm waiting for the first dude to get dunked on by a girl
Thank you! <333
Kept my gear dry last year in rainy #DC also brought xtra ponchos for protesters
Def jus saw a wendys commercial and they tryin be like kfc or boaton market... Sweet potatoes and mac n cheese sides????????
I hate everything
Catching #EddieVedder 's show tonight? Stop in for dinner/Power Hour & let our Prime steaks satisfy before his Ukulele Songs whisk you away!
"Good um...uh...what is it...morning, ma'am" was just said to me on the phone. This is what I deal with as a receptionist.
but of course! Missed you lady!
get a iMac it will change your life
send us over your brand details to
Wishing all the mothers in TwitLand a very special day.
Some of the songs are duets with Whitney or artists associated with her career.
two great #sxsw memories. Glad you got together on the day that SXSW 2012 website went live. Hope you'll be there!
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Alphonse Karr
the Green Mill in Chicago... That'd be awesome!
Hum... Is my decaf decaf? Cold here in Philly today! Maybe should of gone for herbal tea.
Yep your welcome
Working working working- it will take a while for me to catch up.
can't go back to the old me
me too man. How's this weekend looking for you?
thought it was a bunch of pervs lol.
I am so tired.
ok ill be good
7 ways to sex-up your workout
cut out the middle person. nice work.
Time for some music ! listening to the Alabama Sheiks
I missed the first part of #RAW what happens so far
new designs, a sticker, and a plush toy coming son!!!!
Wow today has been a mess. Next year there will not be any presenters or speakers coming into my class.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Kennedy: A lot of times if you don't react back to criticism in anger, you'll end up with more stories
Creating art to post soon!
Reading tweets that are quoting Kevin Wilson saying kids don't read newspaper just seems demeaning to the "kids" he is trying to recruit.
When the LORD was about to take Elijah up to heaven in a whirlwind, Elijah and Elisha were on their way from Gilgal. 2 Kings 2:1
Am I the only person who thinks making a movie of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer is a dumb idea?
He is still faithful!
Best weather week of the year ahead
Award season has come and gone! What's to become of us? Rango?
Aw thanks! You're too sweet!
THAT being said, shoulda looked at a map first before I drive into swamp.
Typing Dad's order of service and ur famous landmark will be giving a scripture ;-)
"WE have to change. Black women especially." this point from the article was lost in the interview
