I'm too annoyed. It's crunch time n it's too late for ppl to be clowning.
PickUpLine: I'm invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Serious reply: My prayers for you. Hang in there. Kidding reply: say hi to the injured Brewers while you're in the hospital.
think we missed out on coffee. When you wanna get together?
Nicely put - thanks!
band of skulls I think
WBGO Interview coming July 8th - July 9th Trumpets in Montclair- RNP Cd release party for New Jersey....Zach Brock featured violinist!
Kelsey, I love you more then Brittany. Brittany, i'm feeling your love for me! D:
": Please please vote east coast <3 Really hoping to make top 5 tomorrow!" We are voting West Cost <3
megamillions is now $140 million. Buy a ticket. We miss you
Finishing "Dmitiry's Symphony" today
I hate fairs those shits are expensive and traffic is not needed.
Ok. It's official. I'm burned from fun day. :/
I love their music! (:
CC licenses apply to users and are non-exclusive to you. Do BY-NC-SA with /Animals/ and sell your music commercially full C.
Gotta believe 's Eric Schaeffer just missed best-director cut, for FOLLIES. Category tends to favor directors of new musicals.
the fairy atelier: new spring fairy shoes
let's make that a trend haha
I'm so sorry, my pal. You're in my thoughts. I know how awful that is.
does it cost me anything? Haha
COME ON DO IT FOR DYLAANNN
777 fans! must be a lucky day today!
Now on tap: Landmark Wit
Loving at the
Prosecutors say Whitey Bulger came back to Boston during his time on the run.Armed, looking to settle unfishished business.
jusz got off work,. cant wait till thisz week end its gonna be down man!!!
we couldn't get tix to show tonight, but we're grilling up tasty kebabs 1/2 block away if you wanna stop by after.
Watching #NSN Justin is so amazing this is a movie that could never get old
matt and I enjoyed seeing you too. Be good.
Great season, Bucky!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
I just followed you exclusively due to your vegetarian white trash nacho-making skills.
Oh... now I get it. "Not Ready To Make Nice" !!! LOL
Pretty sure if Josh Hamilton already had 3 2-run HR against me, that I wouldn't pitch to him a 4th time.
haha yeah well coming back home made me realize I haven't missed out on much. miss youss
Once you stfu I'll happily go back to sleep
I feel you! No one wants to take me. :(
Need an interesting gift #FF our friends they can help you out! cc
Ha! I like their music RT I hate that I now never know whether someone works in management or is a member of the band MGMT.
Oh stop it you dog.
Not a good idea to break ties with a hot person face to face. Thought process goes from I can't see you anymore to nvm lets work it out. lol
Fired up for trivia night! I am confident that we built a well-rounded team! Although, we do need a film buff.
Will have to get to my coffee after my exam...
I get so many followers from topless tuesdays on tumblr.
Please follow me I saw your movie and It was very good i am a boy but that don't mean you can't follow me Please
Have you seen a sunset at the beach while playing Intro by M83 after some margaritas? It's glorious..
My grandpa was a free mason!! Back when it wasn't all about the illumaniti
and Kendall and kylie Jenner from instagram and that's all
nothing just random thoughts
Kind of..
Once again, your parents are not answering. I gave up.
don't even know... I barely be up there
4 years, plus the recession makes it impossible anyways...
yes we do. What iPhone you have ? 3G/S or I4?
Let me make it clear though- I'm not saying I have the same skill just fashion
If you are not living in obedience to God, don't say "I love Jesus" cause your words are empty - Caroline Barnett
You will be lucky to have job by Friday! YOU MAKE ME SICK! Karma?
Building these classic Hear It, Read It books for children w/ Aerbook Maker, from the lovely print originals.
I like beer and alcohol lol!
Enjoy this weekend! We are looking forward to seeing you and your kids.
Fuck . Why do I always to things the last minute ?
#rbbp it would be great to have a Twitter class for those of us Tweet-challenged, like me.
That's right are defense is ducking sick
If we have the right to give life, why shouldn't we have the right to take it?
Good grief.
Oh, so the library makes ME be responsible for the books *I* check out??? What?!? I'm in college and this is *REAL LIFE*?!?!
During the 1960s, people protested police treatment, esp. during their other protests. By the end of the '60s, reform was complete.
Ok I think I like t-will
August 21, Gardena (Los Angeles) Venue Show feat. I, The Skyline, Amity, & more. Only $5! come out, & have fun!
Getting ready for a bridal show tonight.....
I am still very interested in seeing that thesis, if it is available! And I hope to have more Lafferty news very soon.
Thank you for a great session on social media today - oustanding, learned much!!
Initial fitness goal should be to do 30 min of exercise each day.gradually increase this to about 60 min of exercise per day
Today is Caesar Chavez Day I should having a siesta!! Nobody told me!
OHMYGOSH i love you so much<3 you don't even know. You are the best friend a gal could ask for! (:
With Jo and Braxton
I miss going to the kolache factory with my team after morning practice!
reading old messages..
Ask them to re-examine their assumptions about schooling in light of recent changes in learning. They may be surprised...
I don't know about you but Agile development sounds great to me.... :)
Amazing show tonight at ! If you havnt heard Impossible Bird's new CD, do yourself a favor and pick it up! Great guys, great music!!
I mean...he could probably just crash here for a month. And I want a piece of that cake. For reals.
Goodbye, UCHS! Hello, college!
Lil dog big black woman!
where else are you playing after tonight? Would like to check you out later in the week if you'll be performing.
Do you need a logo design? NYC Printing 123 offers Onsite Design Services. Sit down one on one with a graphic Designer and create and...
"Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about."
The law of attraction isn't something you can master right away, and does require practice.
Bengals won't be able to take out Baltimore. Ravens still have a division to play for !
Amazing because its FRIDAY! :)
Thank you! You too! :)
let me get this straight. the middle man failed 2 #FedEx #RyanBraun's urine to the lab, but decided to let sit on his home desk for 2 days?
"ew, that's unattractive."
all worth it now that you are UFC champ!
& his cousin conversations lmaoo >
RT Enjoying the the new Directv system.
sounds perfect, I work until boon tomorrow! Talk to you then!
Love your merchandise and shop! =)
I mustache you a question... When did you become such a hottie? Haha love ur profile pic :)
we've got something to say tomorrow @ 12 noon.
im riding in a hot wheel xD
Using Pinterest at my internship convinced me that its a perfect way for museums to engage visitors. Seriously all museums need an account.
i dont even go on my own facebook i only use twitter.
No. It's not normal. You need a formal evaluation of your symptoms.
hey where can I get tickets to your next competition?? two please!
poor t.a.'s apparently never have fun.
Once again, digital production assignment is making students freak out. Many can't deal. Wonder if it's worth the pain.
one night?
3-4 ft + Pacific Beach waist to shoulder high occ. 4 ft. + Farmers Insurance, Round 2 Tiger Woods having struggles on the back nine.
Couldn't stay for too long.
Yes we won! We played at like 12:30 lol, we killed Utah Jazz, Go Spurs!
Heard the wonderful sing songs, tell stories and read segments of Bright's Passage w. - now befriending peeps in line
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Thank you! :)
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree... hold on to your nuts im gonna give you the blow of your life 
At the Slim Harpo Awards. The crowd is gathering. Where r you?
Visitng on June 14th at noon to hold an info session for LOC employees! Email for details!
I would suggest a bark collar as a follow up gift. Or maybe just do a tutorial where u animate and off the damn thing too!
Imma changed man, just cuz you mean that much to me
What are his plans for the midfield, now that Davy's back? Who's the odd man out?
Our web guy, will be looking into this... he has opera mini, too!
natty boh y/n?
Wieters baby Orioles are back in it
2 more hours and I don't have to think about work for 4 days.
boat ride! yeah!
Come visit us at the CARE Expo sponsored by ! 12-4, Corwin Pavillion
#shehechat A5: and the real answer is when preso is video recorded and I have to watch and listen to my stupid ass. :)
249 Likes! Who's going to be 250?
I'm here come down
No problem. Go Pack Go! RT From Northern Wisconsin, thanks for the follow :)
It's okay - I'm sure I'll still see them over the summer :)
Lmao you have no idea, I literally want to own like three new albums I don't have but I don't want to get them illegally.
Thanks! I was introducing the museum to - who gives us all a fun return trip to our pop culture past.
I love her too!!!
I voted for you, and I also told my friends to vote for you! Will you please please please please follow me ?  please..
when is everybody going back home up there?
apparently, spelling "apparently" right isn't Cowherd's approach either.
go to sleep child!!!!
Abuser she sounded like?? She sounded just like a man about to hit his partner. I feel so sad for Tami she truly needs help and jesus
I would like to see him in San Diego or any team that likes to go deep
Oh wow guys did not remove her tattoo probably just covered it up
bringing a bunch of bad bitches to - I wish I was cool like that. cc:
Had a blast on the set of Fat Planet this past week. Wonderful fellow cast members, amazing director. Looking forward to seeing the product!
What the fuck am I suppose to do with so much fucking pain
Did you not see my tweet on Monday about finishing 2 diff btls the same night?? :)
'Where is Kenyon?' Apparently the crazy chick didn't buy a program.
This just in: Purdue still sucks.
Someone teach me how to relax!
Okay first draft of Black Gold sequel is done! Need to do edits on Celibacy NOW due out in June, then back to editing BG!
"A good politician is as unthinkable as an honest burglar." H.L. Menken refuted?
Today didn't end as badly as I thought... :)
Time to study for my geometry test....I can't fail this Mrs.G will go of..She scares me sometimes(;
RT WILL GET ST REGGIE HAVE SOME INFO FOR U. STAY IN TOUCH@ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Cleaning my car (:
- good blog post......but......how the hell does any warm blooded Anglo saxon human being - into wine- hate cheese? :)
Beautiful, intricate paper is made for artisans to touch, manipulate and create their personal masterpieces. Do not hesitate to use them
“: Rihanna working with Chris Brown is sorta like Jerry Sandusky on Kidz Bop.”. And we have a winner!
everytime i listen to 'ye or jay all i think of is you 😁
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” ― Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!
Have a blessed Holy Week!
My sister buff as fuck
Alvin & the chipmunks, popcorn and pizza in photography. ^^
Cause Ima ride or die, whether you fail or fly.
Thanks, I appreciate the interes,t Dm your email, ill send you some out when I do my next update
Time to study for a little while.
Rise & Grind
lolol, where are you from? (:
she hates you why would I say that to her! Hahahaha
Finally 75 and sunny. Please tell me where it is like this all year. No I don't need winter to "appreciate" it.
I bet- graduation is an awesome accomplishment- and feeling!!
Just got my moo minicards in the mail today and they are so awesome!
as I put it I have a better chance of being abducted by aliens than meeting an attractive educated man.
Tonyc summer jam july 3rd! Biggest event to hit SA! This year. I have free tickets to get in! Hit me up for some.
I wish my stomach would stop growling
#SometimesIJustWant 2 wear super mario gloves like # & slap the shit out of someone 4 talking shit about me
words from nikolai: im fresher than febreze
"I mean look at him, he might not even be Asian."
I hv an iPhone to and that doesn't make it any better. I'm just a Fb junkie. Lol
I just got it too lost as hell lol
I love #bestfriendlove 💘
follow back?
NSF mandate has been a good opportunity for libraries/libns to connect up with data creators
Milwaukee Weekend: Family free day Saturday at the Milwaukee County Zoo.
Gym flow after class 😊
Based on my in-class participation, I should be a "writing cursive in the margins of my notes" major.
Headed to c des white folks!
Ever Since I Could Dream, Acting Was My Vision! #2011 Was A Defining Year, But #2012 Seems Like My Time! Lights. Camera. Action. Here We Go!
Thanks for updating your facebook status via mobile, maybe now you can answer my text since you're on your phone. X
All you do is work bro.
finally were something to eat!!!!!!
Agreed. I just did, too. Really solid info...how I stayed on top of the event on the Big O.
#whydoialways get all awkward around cute boys. :l
Im sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call Destiny. –John Hobbes
jesus christ just drop it you crybaby
your IPA makes me smile!
Thanks for all the re-tweets! We really appreciate it! :)
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
I'll let you know when they are up. :-) Have a good night, James!
I hope the fire wasn't too serious & that everyone is ok.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online #poker. Back #HR2366. Thank you.
FYI - Northside Social is hiring full time staff interested in coffee, wine and food.
Free screenings this week: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and Touchback.
maybe just to see if he cared enough to appeal? if he doesn't, at least you're assured he wont be an opponent in the future...
It was weird. The judges praised her, but didn't seem very excited about her performance. Didn't get a good vibe from there.
E STIR ARRIVE! I'm here.
lmfao RT“: That's your girl? Pffffffffffffffffffffft hahahahahaah. Aight, if you say so my nigga. Yeah! You love her.”
Uggghhhh wish you just lived here still.
Can someone direct msg me details of GODORT happy hour? Thx. :-)
There was a question in all that word salad?
Life changes
RT if you do agree that
My holding the door for you at the coffee shop doesn't mean you can go ahead of me in line, lady.
- Thanks for the #FF. I appreciate the support.
“: The blue whale has a heart the size of a small car & its blood vessel is so broad,that a person could swim through it.” whoa. 🐳
Perfect! For absolutely no discernale reason or rhyme, I've got bloody "Stand By Your Man" lodged in my ear. Wah! Bah! Ech!
So proud of
Although this new boy does have pretty eyes
I'm going to see them in TWO WEEKS!
I am not going any where my leftist little friend. I can do this all day. ,)
#4famouswords I won the lottery
US open: Stocks slide despite solid jobless figures
#OpeningNight baseball season is here
Comic Sans in the Star Wars BlueRay deleted scenes graphic inserts, FTW!
maybe you should change channels 😁
There are three types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happ...
I wish we still had cable...
Kate Wittenberg describes digital preservation
Try using the menu setting: Shop (Drop down menu of sections) and unchecking our sections and Shop LInk.
Today will be a great day! Enjoy it!
341: I'm thankful to have reached the age where going to bed early feels less like a punishment and more like the Best. Thing. Ever.
RT : It's that time of year! Call us to schedule your bridal facial package today! 773-395-9000 (lincoln park location in...
i feel like ab-soul under the shadow of everybody around him type shit. real talk. not even talkin music wise
Stay classy Cincinnati!! Bunch of thugs!!
that's good to hear (: I wouldn't be annoyed by you either.
NEXT on the Internet?? I think I know. Tweet Message if you want my theory. U Will B surprised. NO SPAM PROMISE
Yay! is playing my fave Wedding Present song right now.
were you #fanboying over the #BOYFRIENDvideo ...? It's okay if you were!
For some reason I thought Monkey Joe's was a good idea on a Saturday night...
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
Hi. Mary from Colorado. Hope to follow #sschat while I troubleshoot my new email program. Need some humor.
McVay comes in for Ellis who was injured on the play at the plate.
thats it a nigga needs to catch some sleep
Way to represent #housestaff at Excellence Awards, especially #TMNT 's own and !
cool, webcasting. Love to talk to you about that.
volunteering is a thankless job, you should know that already
Fingers crossed...postulating another national commercial booking for
brought my tweets from 5 to 16!
Id been really frustrated with them because I was told I couldn't have deposit at home b/c not married, but now fixed!
thanks .. fun as H to drive.
The difference between a helping hand and an outstretched palm is a twist of the wrist. ~Laurence Leamer
Evans first soccer game of the season tomorrow followed by dinner with friends and our first #Brewers game of the season Tuesday!
#Hawks take game 1
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing. – Magic Johnson
how are your nosostrils doing?
I'm an old man, I have short term memory loss lol
RT Does any else want Mother Nature to give us another month of Summer? Say I.... (How about 3 more!)
oh, i think i've had that happen, but i'm no more help. her battery is alive tho.
*watching kids play* "pretend I'm dead forever, sister cry" "no, mommy should cry" "mommys don't cry" "yes they do SOMETIMES"
Wend is ending, work is coming up... thats not fine at all :(
the new Google Chrome commercial has a pretty catchy song in it. not really my style, but kinda like it.
Why do people insist on playing their music so lound in apartment complexs. No respect for neighbors.
you're an angel!
looking for the best vegetarian sandwich at mccormick place #ala2009. preparing for disappointment.
#3WordsOfAdvice Do no harm.
It is we who will forever be loyal. Thank you so much for your support!
lmfaao sorriee julie i was doing something
I'm just a typical guy with secrets and the wish. That one day ill find that person I could be me in front of without any judgement.
I wanna meet mama McEvoy
You're gonna love'em!!!!
How do you find out if someone you know is a Brony without sounding rude?
OK, very nice, I followed you there, what is the best time to chat or are you interested.
I need a good back crackin'
Thank you for the RT!
lol. That was just for the time being on call with him!!
Missing already!!! Wa
re: time change from Monday's. Of course it would be your sense too since I mentioned it.. ha.. lol <teasing>
Dirty tricks ALERT: Reyes is saying I did nothing about Asarco when in fact I was fighting against Asarco before I was on city council.
I wasn't at a bar for happy hour today, but I did catch a Caps game earlier this week during HH... don't tell.
McD gets in the game
In the immortal words of Rick James, "Cocaine is a hell of a drug."
Thanks for following me :-) Looking forward to tweeting with you!
Looking for an #international #expatriate #job in
Had to unfollow the Kecks Exclusives guy. His opinions on Glee make him useless.
half of the video links are not mobile friendly I'm finding. Like this Ross one.
C'mon Gary. Let's proof read before we Tweet RT : why isnt doc rivers talk about has one of the elite coaches in the nba?
Thanks to all the fabulous alumnae who attended tonight's #uncommonwomen series.
Thanks so much! Let us know what time and he said he will do it :)
RM12 is hosting a mixtape so any DFW artists and/or producers interested please contact me asap...
+1 RT : Just read that David Cronenberg is being considered to direct Hunger Games sequel. Too good to be true.
I travel to California when needed. Licensed in CA, MA and NY and can appear in any federal ct.
Chrome or Opera may be better when it comes to efficient JS handling. Likely just an old machine being old though :(
asap. but im gonna need you to come here. shoelace express dont travel that far lol
you didn't respond! you know I luh yew baby
Well tommy don't get off work till like 9 930 I'd say..
You can measure opportunity with the same yardstick that measures the risk involved. They go together ~ E. Nightingale”
Goal to finish my papers today. Late trains not helping.
tried to get the hunger games. But everyone was sleeping? Will try again today.
i generally enjoy riding the bus, but every now and then, it feels like i'm in a scene from "contagion."
got any Friday The 13th jokes?
are you serious? The ramp up is too steep. The duke and the duchess can't take it
I know wht my agenda was yesterday & its got accomplished
thank you for the RT :-)
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of...
I 10 east shut down on Mobile Bay Way bridge. About 5 mile back up. Glad we're going west to the airport.
“: So, I kinda sorta maybe like you a little more than I originally planned.”
Why do I torture myself on petfinder?? So many dogs I want but can't get any of them 😓
#swag tweeting in school.:) I love my life.
friend last night: "Just got off the bus home from work and realized... I drove today".
RT - found my cleveland indians bathing suit, looking festive on the 4th!
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Santa Ana with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
Running errands..
still no word! :(
High point: Conducting Durufle Requiem in France with his niece in audience
just walk away with a smile on yo face. IM ABOVE THE INFLUENCE
We can't wait to see you perform !
Big oops!! Shout out to my girls #15 #16 in ChiTown taking on the girls from CYA. Kick some butt this afternoon
I hate last minute gift shopping
where do you get your Js at?
yeah, 3 straight seasons of 1-11. Don't worry, you can still be a Badger fan second (LSU will always be first I'm sure)
yea bro travelin,stayin busy. How u Big Homie
RT : ITS MY BIRTHDAY BITCHES // Happy Birthday, damnit!
#boogie meds are working :) If only my eyes would stop tearing...
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers via
Ha, well even if I were working for myself I'd still be "business first"!
Went to school/worked a couple shows together. How about you?
apparently I have been everywhere except for where you are! I will catch you!
hahahaha lol I will!! Sorry my mind went blank hahaha
I was stung by a scorpion in 6th grade. Now I have to check sleepingbags and am afraid of anything with a stinger.
took u long enoff. Damn. Lol
just opened on shelbyville rd in the plaza with the old borders books, Nike, world market, etc
S/O to these high rise shorts!!! 😜
It would be great if sales staff could use such business soc.media w/new product roll-out to spread lesson's learned faster
Q4. Name one fashion you hope NEVER comes back
Chilled with babe the whole 4th Period <3
Mickey Mouse = Nathan Detroit & Minnie as Miss Adelaide
well I mean its had no problems. Its actually pretty reliable. Idk I've just had for a year and a half.
I trip when people laugh.
Doing nothing on a Friday YOLO
well I would open the window then, we'd do sex
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you DM me on some spam shit. That will not be tolerated >.<
I can hear Don Shelby talking about "ample parking" and "an important neighborhood cornerstone"
Can't forget the day baby that you walked away
trial #2 funny
have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you love/support them. <3
Laying down with Icy Hot patch....not the best way to start off the weekend.
And she's wearing a scrunchie.....sucks to suck you whore.
Follow & Support
RT When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life you have a thousand reasons to smile."
HE BEEN LOW KEY FOR A MIN.
Everyone I know is going to the fuse filming tomorrow lol. Damn it! can't you just have another concert soon?!
yea then u told me NOT to do it!!!!!!
RayJ set we niggas back 50 years...and trust me...I know what niggas were like 50 years ago....
No matter how cold it is, I'm still consuming oberweis. :)
up first and talking about Civil War movies and mobilizing minds and bodies.
Hi, ! Paradise is... well, paradise! ;-) cant wait to see the outcome of your rebranding. :-)
please follow me
it was 60 today. When u coming back?
Come out and see us at The Loft tonight! We are playing a compilation CD release show! There will be tons of bands. Set time:7:30
my favorite part of winter is the snow its so pretty <3
Democrats vs Republicans? it's not college sports! Use common sense & truth to find out really what's going on, not rhetoric or intollerance
With my own eyes I cannot see my future but I lean on my faith that has no vision- Jeannette Tyson Gregory
I just clicked the hashtag USMNT and lawled while reading it.
That's a great book.
My connection is bad so I am assuming that some of my messages were not received.
"wanna come over and play" ah the good old times.
At the lab mixing down some bangerz, long night ahead. Thank god for
Last night I had a dream that I hung out with Lady Gaga after each show. Why did I wake up?
I've been to San Diego once and this weekend with be my second visit. Any suggestions on places to check out? It's a bachelor party weekend!
Coffee and Money Goes Well Together! WWW.OGCOFFEEPAYS.COM
Blue Ivy is Swahili for Rich as Fuck.
What were your thoughts on the Grammy's last night?
I'm feeling festive
My cousin & his #dicktowel in Brazil!
Good Morning y'all... happy hUMp day
Congrats on your promotion!!! :)
Food truck season is in full swing!
I must have a sign in my head that says "if you have a mental disability, tell me dumb shit"
#BestDad think again
Time for Thursday Raw Thrusday!
Respect my house fool!!!
Please, someone come to my apt, take my laundry, and bring it back clean and folded. Thanks.
Spring is fantastic.
Wrong turn bby
Herman Cain is very impressive.
GOOD NIGHT C:
It was wierd but nice to go a few days without getn on the internet or talkn to some folks!!
How do I enter?
Dude just dropped the eff bomb #oscars WTF there are kids listing to this bullshit
look man #noonecares about ur day just pass me my dutches so I can go
ima kick back, analyze & read you.
hahaha I was like yeah you're definitely in the oncoming lane lol
I totally understand. Hang in there, put on some loud angry music and scowl a lot...then go home & have a glass of wine!
oh no that is the worst
one of my favs too!
my day just got busy
Break away and fly free
I just watched Knight and Day for the Idontknowhowmanyeth time. I smile every time. 7/9
Point to Ponder: Why do they call it a "building" It looks like they're finished. Why isn't it called a "built'?
try it! I love apples with slices of cheese so this just takes it up a notch.
Happy #Friday which is pronounced #Furiday in #dog speak.
oh... to tell da truth, I've nvr really been friends w/ her. I'll explain @ skool.
What a stand by #Fiji, keeping #Wales out of the end zone and getting the ball back just as time expires and win 12-5.
alright good! :):)
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway lol
#songsthatgivemegoosebumps mad world- gary jules
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
pull ova
Will do! We'll be sending everyone a copy of the presentation. Thanks for joining us today!
why i gotta know so many legally insane people ; fuck this.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome(: joke. AUSTINS AWESOME(:
Tonight we are young. :3.
Interested in working on next year's #BlackLove Fest? Please email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail.com
I think its 2k time...
want to sleep but no
FUCK DOMINO's
yes...I am driving.
Happy Birthday!!! have a fantastic day love you c: <3
Irrelevant people will never effect my life.
Do you have an IPad?
I'm following. :) Winning will cure all.
Amen! Empowering our youths is essential.
just passed you at stop 11 :)
Oh yea its all about drake
MA Data Privacy Law anniversary today: businesses must comply with data security regulations. Questions? Call our hotline! 888-283-3757
time to upgrade that satellite over Chicago. #runchi until
I hate presentations. I get so nervous 😁
Know of any upcoming local music events? Let us know!
Bummed I missed it: ": Really great turnout for Collecting Chicago Crime session - archivists and users. #2012MAC”
haha. glad you had a great time!
TAL's Apple story contains fabrications--episode this weekend will explain. Huh and wow and arg and what will they be?
thanks for the follow! I bought my wife's ring from u guys and y'all were great so let me know if I can return the favor!
"try 2 get interviewees to speak in present tense cause it's better." - Wheeler
15.I love food Turn On:When boys dont care how much you eat Turn Off:When they look at you like your fat
A truly great man never puts away the simplicity of a child. ~ Chinese Proverb
it's slightly cheaper for students. But it's still disgusting.
We need to get ALL our troops out of Afghanistan ASAP.
I'm exhausted! Talk to you guys tomorrow!
True. But who knows. I guess time will tell.
It's almost lunch time, think Ruth's!
I love the back of the bus. Almost always a seat. awww yeeeee
ITT Tech, Southern New Hampshire University, and University of Maryland University College aren't real colleges right?
Woah, what? Both of you?? Happy Birthday to two awesome people! RT : happy bday and
did you stop eating?
religion (and lack of) and gay rights. ^5!
I think every dude is capable of being faithful in a relationship, just has to find the right girl to make him
thanks for following! :)
Software #l10n tip 4:Getting to know a little about how translation tools work will help you maximize the benefit of this technology.
I saw that this morning, glad to be on the CNN radar. Bring it on! Lets go
im not sure i wanna go to ucla but idk if ill have the money.. idk yet its hard i need to find a good engineer program
ALCL ON A MAJOR RUN!!! SLAP THAT ASK BABY... THERE'S PLENTY MORE IN STORE!!!
Thanks for the rec! Will definitely check out Dr. Wagers.
Bring the whole family to an evening of holiday cheer & enchantment of Fremont for the Festival of Lights, Dec. 9th
hahaha what the hell is a hate crush and you better love me i'll cut you ;D♥
Checking out the Walters Art Museum. Of course, I never went when I lived A BLOCK AWAY. I'm so cultured.
Hubby had the most sales@ work #AutowayToyota Sat& won me a #KindleFire. ♥it! Thanks &
also amused by how the only thing they have to show for themselves is an "underwear" bomber who turns out to be one of ours.
It's here! It's here! Hip hip hooray! Free beer is being giving out 4:20-5:20 @ ESL today!
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Guys that can dance, NOT GRIND, But Dance <3
You're going to have to think of something more creative to say! Hint Hint: I love compliments :)
Do you still RT and tweet you fans??? :)
Keep your life in perspective. Seriously.
hey bitch, go look at my new theme? is it okay?:p
Thank you kindly!
Real love is....sharing the same piece of chicken
Wanna get my mama an Edible Arrangement , but a real nigga like myself broke af .
P.S. Your logo looks so FAB on here! ;)
i know! ): he never touched my hand he just looked and pointed to me!
Me and my mom always talk about drugs elohel
Do you offer classes?
#Backinelementaryschool siting boy, girl, boy, girl was punishment
Exactly 1hour and 3 minutes until the Big News!!(: Ah, I can't freaking wait!!(: <3
True community is measured by the presence, or lack there of, of the Gospel. Make a big deal about Jesus today!
Never eat barz if your aleady not in a good mood! Even lost my appetite for my Kush Dutch!! Thats when you know im pissed!
only ones who can hang on my belated bday.
San Diego Pride rocked. I am still recovering... now I have to wait until September for Vegas Pride...
Ike Evans on #MagicCity > Don Draper on #MadMen, where ">" = hella more interesting than, and "more interesting" = sexier
nope, Im gonna sit at home and chill. you babe?
#aboutme im 21 and i still watch cartoons
My heart goes out to all those that have lost their homes from the fires. Just heard Leander is now having fires too.
amen to that
Thanks Kevin!
What's my mom say right before she hangs up? "Have a shot of tequila, and say hi to the dog for me."
Hi Emily! I'm Grinnell alum ('91) & wife went to Glenbrook with you. Our marriage is a game of #6degreesofemilybergl ;-)
i want sleep
O.o i had dinner xD lol
New favorite soda: Dr. Pepper 10
count me in
Hater's Motivation still coming motherfucka ;)
I have lots left to read, but it feels v retro; maybe I just hoped too hard for anarchistic maroons flying under the radar :)
still alive guys when do babies do anything not related to sleeping or pooing
Good to see following me now!!! Papp how is classes going?
Kill me now !!! Can't believe she actually did that !!!! "/
are you gonna have an ass off with him?
Watching Mark Neumann on the news and my son thinks his mole on his nose was a nose-ring
You're local! We're going to have to check you out.
Congrats to on his successful ! I'm eager to read the book. If it's anything like his blog it will be great!
Why aren't there more female tattoo artists? Maybe I need to step up! lol
You can watch Gary Mayor-Elect Karen Freeman Wilson on Perspective at Noon on 12/18/11.
That's right! Get ready the new CD is coming! RT : Enjoying a leisurely cup of coffee while working CD launch plan!
lols - that's been our joke. every time i'm introduced as new to Indy, people always say "it's gotten a lot better"
At the magic game against the lakers !!lets go magic!!!!
Yu got the right stuff babbyyyy! Well, we are about to find out. Yu better! :)
Nevine Tewfik - Egyptian revolution has left huge challenges for education and broadband adoption
FOLLOW ME
I didnt mean to retweet. Just come hangout with me. We can be friends
Got really nap time-y after dinner and lost all motivation to move. Maybe the thorned flower that is the opposite color to Violet?
Enjoying an Dragonfly while recording. This is nice and relaxed and very much needed!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
I tried to come see you today but you're so freakin popular you were all booked up. Imma try again tomorrow or Friday.
Garden show returns downtown Saturday
-___- they been giving Dirk weak ass everything like he in Dallas
RT : We should stop calling it marriage. "Marriage" is a religious institution, we want a contract, lets cal ...
#GaryOldman "my advice to young actors...be on time. Time mgt is more important than talent."
Yikes, I'm so glad you're okay. That stuff is so scary.
Kazakhstan Thanks 'Borat' For Attracting Tourists - Business Insider
Will be filming "crosses" next month
Supreme Court Certified Servers, Court Filings, Subpoena Prep., & Intern'l Process Serv's are a few things our LEGAL COURIER SERVICES offer!
Hey, leave the slow people alone -_____- hahaha
"I got soul, but I'm not a soldier."
External Resources would like to thank everyone for participating in the Focus Group Central Valley Recovery Group Luncheons!
Saddened by long time friend Davy Jones passing away today,Prayers go out to Jessica, and Davy's daughters, RIP Davy! you made a difference!
A reminder that Wikipedia may be dark today, but your friendly neighbourly librarian has access to more, & better, resources & is available!
Hey Guys thanks for Following us, I also got some great t shirts suggestions. Be sure to check out our site insanityshirts.com often.
OLLU Softball - Lost 10-2 vs. University of Houston -- Victoria
Wish there was a school for just Mahomies and we just talked about Austin all day(:
Lemonade stand in their backyard, hollaaaaaaa
if bynum wants to write us off, we will write him off tonight
thanks for following me:)
Thanks for following me :)
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes at the Main Library. Pre register online or call 282-4630.
What are my multiple choice options? I'm drawing a blank.
Sorry listeners I stuck in airports all day. Tonight is a best of replay. I will respond to all your emails & tweets instead. Thanks
...and yes, it was freezing.
Happy 5/6 Day! Currently my favorite song on the new album!
I was so busy so I couldn't go on but I'm back!
can. not. wait.
How was the weather? We're going on Friday. Lots of sweatshirts for the kids but no hats, right??
he never fails to make me smile :)
you wearing your Ellen hoodie :)?
“ yes it does sis. You are loved, appreciated and a beautiful woman of God!!!!!” Aw thx sis
Would love to have some reviews for my first novel. If anyone wants a free read check out my blog or tweet me. It doesn't suck!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Who tryna fall in this Project X party we throgh'n this friday...
Haha. I feel for your my dear! Hey, why were all my UK friends mad at Jamie Carragher for being on American Idol? Any ideas?
Hey, are you guys currently searching for a league of legends team?
You know, he's not bad. We'll keep him around.
so did u vote tonight?
If money doesn't grow on trees, Then why do banks have branches?
Much better! Still trying to get everyone well over here! Woke hubby with my coughing last night, but I went right back to sleep.
Theres A Difference Between Giving Up And Knowing You've Had Enough..
RT Too funny! : Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset!
Didn't take you for an 8Mile fan.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best!
A former student runs my blog.
- thanks for the follow. Ask Eli to contact me. Want to discuss an oppty w/ him.
Amanda Knox heads straight to Olive Garden from airport. "Gosh, I miss Italy," she says over plate of Pasta Bolognese.
Love the Karen O /Trent Reznor version of immigrant song
Skrrt. RT : you pussys better come to my party Saturday!!!
#alamya is making me feel so uninformed. So many books I've never heard of.
are we still on for tomorrow?
i live on west end lol
YES!!!!!!!! Your parents know what's up. When are you watching Xmas special?! I'll be sure to look for your tweets!
Happy Saturday... what's everyone up to this rainy day? www.worldchampionfans.com Banner Day is soon approaching
because I said so :) you know I know everything!!
It's never the wrong time for a Portlandia reference.
Did everyone have a #GRAND haloween?? =)
deviant dale's ipa growler for just 22.50 all day or till the keg kicks.
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO YOU FUCKKKKER.
DeRozan is what we thought Nick Young was going to be when we drafted him. Same school, same size, same hops.
You will definitely want to watch the episode co-starring...um...a person I might be married to.
thank you and I already played it!
Yup. Even tho I delete a single entry it is raised from the dead each night. Email on it's way.
Early Bird registration deadline for the 2011 Conference around the corner 8/15. Register today.
that was nice! What you said about
Figures the next time / and will be in Boston-land for concerts will be nights I likely can't go. :(
Are you a Badgers fan? #OnWisconsin Go Bucky!
finally we managed to upload last day photos, check them out. We did Route 66 in five days :D
don't mention me anymore
FYI: Tune-in to The TODAY at 9:45am to see Future Food chefs Homaro Cantu and Ben Roche!
Who really watches for Adobe Updates? Do you? Did you know a hacker will expolit those types of vulnerabilities? We can help. 512 873-0447
Wrote my last rhyme for the night.... Inspired by That is all.
thanks for the follow!
Nicknamed “Super Mario” by teammates and commentators, Mario Lemieux has proven himself to be just that.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. -Hebrews 13:8-
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY
The what?!?
Woohoo! Another funny cat pic makes it into #w2e! How users adore cat pics!
Happy Friday! Do you have any exciting travel plans this weekend?!
awesome news!!
DO YOU KNOW... What the world's best selling musical instrument is? (HINT: it's not a guitar...the answer may surprise you!)
should a man protect his tweets? wouldnt life be easier to live in your own bubble? haha, btw kids dont do pcp, they do adderol.
Wait so Papa Original's name was Mikeal Mikealson?!
Wouldn't call it an accomplishment, blasted through 2 seasons of breaking bad in 2 days. Emotionally wrenching season 3 finale
Hahaha yes. It will be majestic.
Does like the hats tht look like animals??? and whts hi fav candy
I fear it's just going to get worse as other apps update to support ICS.
miss you so much!
Picking up a birthday party at Red Star! Going to be a great second tour tonight!
ya buddy! You have great things to look forward to.. congrats on your billboard breakthrough award!
In every vital activity it is the path that matters.
My Hölderlin paper, which I just finished drafting, ends with the moon. Still want to insert great quotes from "Hesperiden" art. in Hederich
I'm writing a post-apocalyptic thriller set to the music of wham! It'll be like Mama Mia meets The Road.
JS people of the world. Please make the version of your scripts easily accessible at execution! eg: jQuery.fn.jquery or NameSpace.version
NHL Playoffs have been GREAT this year.
Disney Fight Caught on Cam | NBC San Diego via San Diego
Cool beans! Look forward to the feedback
bring it
that sounds like a good idea
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my gpal has cancer again :/
Never trust someone who lies to you and never lie to someone who trusts you
Not looking forward to dealing with the sludgy aftermath of this thunderstorm tomorrow.
Its easier to accept when you see it coming.
Room is 3/4 empty now...
Luv it! :-) RT : The required length of this chat is 90 minutes. You must stay for the whole thing to get credit.
Come say hi today! So much cool stuff here.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. "Elbert Hubbard"
Preservation film festival is about to start and maybe pop in to hear a panel on open access. #ala11 is fun!
So excited about the Pay It Forward panel discussion with Soledad O'Brien tomorrow!
I'm expecting an "after" shot as well, preferably from a public toilet
You have to be prepared... What it's the show, who is casting, who are the creatives... Am I even right for anything in it...?
Oh ya know... Just getting ready for my last day of high school ever. I still cant believe this is happening...
Induced Nonblocking Favorite Oscillation for Unwanted Reflective Subtweetification (at a Distance)
Finalizing all the deals with sponsors, what a great turnout, our first preshow vid should be out soon.
haha wow your cool do I know you?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :)
it's the tax man. Hey hey it's the tax man. Shout out for the nice work on the taxes.
HM. I'm not sure, I'll let you know soon
- a handy little robot that it is!
I agree with you. It's not the unions(entirely), it's is inflation and low property values that cause things like this.
They should make a music video for torn! And, you know, to live up to the song, they should have harry lying naked on the floor!
Ashley just made me a Bitterness Comes in Waves #cocktail for her last night
I've been a Bills fan for over 25+ years ... He wasn't that great. He was an avg player on terrible teams
hi all foothillsrehab is a new on twitter'
Wearing the same clothes as yesterdaay
no I look weird x)
what would I like?
Stallings called Green a MF tv showed close up
Pretty psyched on being able to wear beanies and sweatshirts again.
.... you welcome .... looking forward to your tweets
I'd skip a meal to sit through WONDER MAN. I find him hilarious too. Then he moved me in SKOKIE on TV.
Dear AT&T I have an iPhone. Why would I want something different. I don't need weekly emails telling me you sell phones.
#parksandrec has officially been renewed for a 5th season! Huzzah!
thanks for the Dobra recommendation! We went and loved it.
agreed, will send you a note. Thanks, Paul.
just got it about an hr ago. Everything went well today in Vail. Expected to make full recovery.
Met some cool people at the airpor.. Going north
I ain't petty, I just don't like giving away or lending out my shit, I work too hard for it
great photos!
she's picking me up at the airport. We're in cahoots.
They must be Rap artists...
just to say you've been but The other joints we went to had some bad ones lol. One got me for at least $175 lol YOLO
Sounds great! Here's my new salon # 262.7904. Looking forward to meeting you.
Don't forget 2 drop off ur biz card at 's table 4 chance to win personalized notepads.
I appreciate anyone who is interested in me. Its all good. Back to class. Have a good one
I don't think nachos exist in Europe or even chips and salsa. I miss #mightytaco and
i would love u 2 tweet me <3
GO #BADGERS! RT : #Sweet16 is here! Show love with a ReTweet if there’s still a team in the running you like.
i miss july 2nd! the day i woke up at 9 waiting outside Y100 for 5 hours just to see ... ♥
Just got The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Hope it lives up to its awesome title!
The film "We Bought A Zoo" was based on a novel entitled, "We're Leasing A Gas Station Kiosk That Used To Be Piccadilly Circus Pizza."
"Do not throw away your confidence, which has a great reward" (Hebrews 10:35, NASB)
Well, we got one, but it wasn't pretty.
Girls: don't get close to the front of the stage when I perform.
Thanks for following me! I am excited to share more of my art with you.
i ve read youre book 2 times and i cant stop find something new about u from youre inspirational story
Diggin on Paul Van Dyk's music right now...electronica done right. It's exactly the kind of music I wanna make. Check out
He's not in the NBA yet, LOL. As I said, we'd be lucky to cover kids who get there. Not many do
Is Mrs. Barrett going to go to jail? This happens today after nearly 2 years of red faced blustering about a secret John Doe investigation?
RT The Heat were going to Kneel to run the clock out, but there back hurts too much from bending over and taking it all night
that works for me, John!
Brandon Bleckley Stewart
yeah, worth remembering. I was telling a friend about Ringo's last interview in the film.
well mine wasn't exactly professional either lol. A girl that's done many piercings before did it on my living room couch.
Facebook thinks I'm Jewish.
The #Party continues this weekend , "Top Shelf #Bottomlesscup on Saturday, New Format, New #DJ's, the newest #music,
"I'm an excellent loony-bin crazy-ass sifter" -Dr. Lance Sweets, Bones Season 5 Ep 14
I can't believe you're not following me... RUDE
"Imagine where you will be, and it will be so..." Now that #inspires!
Apologies, world, but it appears there is a new Lady Gaga video that I'm obsessed with. I know.
Dealing cards for poker for guys with 41 dollars in my shirt.. going well!
working hard w/
What's up guys?! We don't know about you, but we are getting some amazing weather here in Chitown. Perfect writing weather ;)
Seeing "Fela". It's intermission. Y'all. This is the best dance experience I've had in a long time and I'm not even onstage.
that was hilarious. Oh the names that must be swirling the studio now!
cool story! say that again?
It's always a great feeling leaving the middle for the edge.
going to the airport
Hello and, GOOD MORNIN' everyone!! It's TGIF!! Weekends almost out of the blocks and then it's time to rock. Best wishes for a great weekend
man I'm tryna get to the lake :) #volunteers !?
What is the next music revolution in USA?
heart goes out to #DRose...hate to see something like this happen to him, humble and talented guy...Praying for a quick and strong recovery
What's good sir?
Maxi pad for short. Haha!
Khloe Kardashian Slams Her Late Father’s Ex Wife and Widow for Claiming She’s Not Really a Kardashian -
Ha! RT : Breaking News ! USA Pro Cycling Challenge will be renamed in 2012 to: Ben and Jerry's Tour of the Rockies Roads.
I love u to death!! Plz rt
TY All I can say is wow and live long and prosper.
The GOP invented the Individual Mandate in their 1993 healthcare bill and now they violently oppose it because THIS POTUS got it done.
When the movie the end..........he found me
Arrowhead Stadium! Football!
I love you crossword scratch offs, you're always so good to me.
I love the Lakers but am totally ashamed of the BS WWE antics of Artest & Bynum vs Barea & Lamar vs Dirk! Dallas deserves to win!
Damn my block is having a reunion.
Not much time for Twitter lately. Too busy digitizing community television programs and working on the Anne Whitney papers at Wellesley.
If i aint rich by 26 ill be dead or in jail
Off to get my life in order, which means going to the gym for a two-hour workout. It all gets sorted at the gym.
I'd love to play another horn line for you. When?
Just 3 days away from and & in the mix let us know your track of the week to be played!
Your boy, Steve Blake (via ) $16M over 4yrs from the Lakers?!?!?!?! Defend that.
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its innate restrictions and conflicts.
You can only guess once, no matter how hungry you are for #cheesecake :)
“: RT : and made a classic!!!! Shhhhhh ;) they're not ready yet..” haha
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Evil has a Face
Now Following Baby
we're staying awake by reading each other TMZ stories.
I ate way too much food today and I should be ashamed, but no I am not.
i didnt gey pay today but it will be on before i cum home tomorrow
The way things work out is funny sometimes.
Journalist are not qualatative researchers
RT I will not and can not fake the funk in my voice!!!!
Thanks for the #FF, !
: lmao o yeah kiki, put me out there like that
I trusted you so much.... :/
IM HAVING A BRAIN FART dont know what to tweet...!! #straightUP...!!!
#askjennette what was the most creative coustume you saw this halloween? (:
Tina Fey <3
im boredd going to take a shower nd study -_-
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
No doubt! Frank needs to open up the next big club. RT : and cups in everyone's hands!!
agrees. Wish you could have joined #dwts14. One season was not enough!
I still want to know who the hell pays $25,000 for a pair of sunglasses. That's INSANE !
RT :How can Google know evrythng about my browsing history but not be aware I've accepted their new privacy policy 20x already?
A-G Requirements: We need to raise our voice to stop the ongoing threat of the elimination of the “arts” as part of the curriculum.
#Madmen Season 3 disc 1 is coming in the mail from Netflix on Friday and it is what I'm looking forward to most in my life right now
GAHH! Austin's gonna be awake soon! Get #AustinTo700K TRENDING NOW! :D
finally someone said it!
Corvettes are so sexy! I'm looking for a new one now and I love your blogs!
Research Research Research..I think that is enough for today. Got some editing to do.. a lot of clips
Wow I haven't tweeted since 3 days! I'm so busy and lazy! Have a nice day everyone! :)
don't tell her
* bacon , egg & cheese biscuit from the gas station in I.C is what i want right now ! . lol
Thanks for following me back!
Sweet. Thanks! A browser without a 1Password extension isn't useful. Even when the bug is with 1Password. :)
Huge headache, bad stomach ache and I feel like im about to throw up, I feel like I broke into a million pieces
I just bought 4,000 king size packs of condoms... Jamaica here we come!
Awesome sauce! :)
Damn it! Now I am hungry again.
I hope everyone's halloween was great! xx
Apartment hunting, MA-prepping, WORK, and archive building is making this the busiest summer I've ever had.
Follow me
Real Love ain't suppose to hurt.
I'd love to see Couples do it. But I'm beginning to like Dufner too. But Phil played insane on back 9..he's prob frontrunner
Despite the 60 degree weather the wind should have deterred me from biking to work. Took an extra 20 min.
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 4. If arrested/detained, tell the officer that you won't answer any questions until u talk 2 lawyer
How will you be getting outside this weekend? Let us know if you need a place to #volunteer!
You might be looking for for Bob of The Bob Pike Group and Natl Speakers Assoc.
RT : Free chicken wings today at Babes American Grill on Schroeder Rd. when you say the code word found at www.phreeps.com
Below saves the day.....again...only solid middle reliever.....
Just saying, I don't like it. He should be on the ice as much as possible.
What is hail ? Hard boiled rain !
Seems the less fucks I give , more fun life turns out to be
Probablyas an extra but Gomez has a waysRT : if that does happen, how do you see Nyjer fitting in with the team?
Lab tests prove that Garlic's allicin destroys MRSA the hospital superbug.
See, one gets #NOLA on the mind and #NY starts acting right.
panda bears!
Let me see how the EDUCAUISE presentation goes over, and then I'll be in touch. I like the idea of international collaboration
I am so feeling your pain right now. Rainy days = a very serious desire for a midday nap
all of your goodbyes on FB/Twitter/Instagram are making me sad. You okay over there?
Say something cuz your all in my head<3
yay! Thx! More details soon. And it's actually already written! Have to allow time for it to be printed & such. Working on sequel.
I miss her so much
girl with dragon tattoo if you like deep dark messed up movies
you did today!
wowww well txt me after if you want. I can show you my room or anything. If you're not in a rush to go back home.
I know i need to give up on you, but for some reason i cant <\3
not all the time you could have luck on taking a picture with someone you like . you know you dont always have luck ! j
#Can'tWait! RT : Great to have full support from the Santa Clara City Council. 7-0!
Cant decide btw listening to or at 11am today. Pretty sure I already know Jim's angle on the OKC gm tho..
RT : "Be patient and you will finally win, for a soft tongue can break hard bones." (Proverbs 28:13) << I shld read the bible!!
People kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
I hope it rains I really need to cake🍰and I'm not talking about food I mean talk to someone I really care about👫
THIS JUST IN: ALL INSTANCES OF THE WORD 'FUCK' ARE BELONG TO ME.
Me to, that is why I made this Twitter!(:
I respectfully disagree
Oh My God Alex.. xDDD
Love that you are involved with us! Thanks for being on our team!
I'll be live tweeting from you know where. Haha.
Ill just move on fast, if people down want to hang out lol.
#Isles #Bruins under way at Coliseum
Can't wait to mix with Mike Watts this weekend.
I hate during like a song it just pauses and you're stuck in the middle of a dance move for like ever and you're about to fall -__-
I'm quite keen on forging a digital commons for academics that protects both abstract inquiry and applied knowledge from ...
What a great show last night at The Blank Club! SUPER packed and great Energy! Thanks Everyone!
Order sent to Elizabeth in GA!
fuck yea when u out?!
RT : My bill 2 repeal #DOMA is supported by the Pres. & has 31 supporters in the Sen. We’re not done fighting 4 equality.
Cute. Reading is good no matter where it happens. I remember hiding a flashlight under my pillow to read late at night as a kid.
hope U are enjoying being home for a few days :)!always wish U the best :) take care :)!
Just participated in #STL #indie reading flash mob at the
RT tay_goth02 Young money, cash money in the building
Stop by our booth today at the for a chance to win a gift basket from our friends at & an overnight stay!
Got home from the airport with all our snow gear quickly and cheaply thanks to !
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once. ~ Calvin Coolidge
purple or black :)
Definitely Speak. I just picked up The Humming Room from
well we'll go from 12 to 2 then! And its not looking like right now now in destin anyway!
Zero emotions muted emotions
Follow me on Instagram...Jleemccray...I would say Ill follow you but I probably already am. Im nosey.
I LOVE SONG SKY SCRAPPER ITS SO INSPIRING
Can't imagine that any #CozyCat #books would ever be #banned! What do you think, #Cozette? Meow!
replied to one of my tweets to her!! I love your music:)
What constitutes a scholarly DH project? Find out tmrw 12:30pm "Criticism in the Digital Humanities"
Haha RT : Bob Costas finally looks TALL while interviewing Derby jockeys.
shamrock shake!!!!
Who has the video of the fight?
I was accepted to ! Super excited! Go Trojans!
team miss u out there & so did the fans
Prob not goin to school tomorrow :p
Found something to help ease the depressive fit: reading a new book on the history of computers. :)
The only thing I use Bb for is sharing grades w/students so they can check my numbers. Problem: Most error is introduced uploading #s to Bb.
“: Poolside. Frozen grapes. Tunes. Beautiful weather. Bliss. ... Enjoy ur day, peeps!” sounds nice, can we join you?
Do whatever you'd like! Feel free to host it elsewhere, too--I threw it together very quickly last year.
On the Penn Avenue strip in Pittsburgh...gorgeous day for a stroll!
Teehee! I'm in better shape! RT : It is embarrassing when a pregnant is kicking my butt on the ski slopes.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madrid challenges El Cajon's Mark Lewis to a race on bike to one another's city halls to see who gets there first!
Thank you new followers,,,,,, !
Next: Donna Frye and Eric Christen debate Prop A and project labor agreements
#DASER Gerald Borgia "There are maypole bowers and avenue bowers"
I walked the dogs and while I was gone Dallas scored TD. Oh man!!
oh no. From a person.
Candid and Prude
I'll look on the computer later instead of phone
I make myself laugh lolz
Game time is 11:30am in San Antonio on Wednesday. Big12Sports.com will webcast the game.
nothing ever happens on here -_-
true that ... much appreciated =)
Exhibit actually at Hall of Finance & Records
I know they are spelled differently. Its still funny…
Just remember my friend Maryum "Raped" me last summer
We are glad your looking forward to it! Can't wait to hear you speak!
oh yea! those are def good ones to get ya motivated!!
we are doing great : ).
is going to be on Fire Tonight! Hit me up if you want to come or pop bottles!
Settling in for #TEDxMid in DC today.
I'm sitting at section 6 and Janie is sitting in 15th row
God Has A Plan For Me! Scholarships Applications Due March 11 for CANADA show and March 29 at Los Angeles City College. All performing art…
“: Words with friends??? Still reigning champ...” you have yet to play me, my friend.
AND Pitt is coming off extra rest ha oh boy that might get ugly
Thanks, Chris Davis! Two free runs!
The Black Widow emerges: a ♀ rogue villain, clad in black leather w red gloves, spinning web of deceit & drama as woman scorned!
Can't build a house without a foundation!
ewww that's gross!:/ no affense
Come out to First Friday Food Truck Fest for discounted QUASH registration!
Belated thanks for you Valentine's Day greetings! Have a wonderful week Risa!
that's cool... Staying busy is better than doing nothing all day... You still club often?
[Psa103:5-6]HE satisfies our mouth with good things so that our youth is renewed like the eagle's+HE executes righteousness+judgment for us.
No. Do you? RT : - Do you have a bike trainer?
why cant i have this..
Everyone needs the other half
#onlyskinnyppl cheek bones cut ur face when they hug u bitch eat a sandwich wit the sharp ass cheek bones
People make me wanna rip my hair out!
Have you seen any good plays lately? We hear 'The Toxic Avenger' is a hysterical love story playing now in
Yes, I'm a smartass. :-D
Reviewing Babes at Sea Act I/prepping for Act 2, lunch w/ , some errands, my kids after school & a visit with a great friend 2nite!
Forever alone?
Great post! As someone who just started blogging, I can see the importance of having thick skin. Any tips on how to develop one?
lol don't. we all
Chris webber just said "I could give him a six inch chuck". Wow.
haha okay THAT wasn't me.
Im more than humbled that u asked me to help spread the word about something as important as men's cancer.
oh sorry:P
It crashed.
Doing some sound work for the Chicago
West End! #DodgingBullets RT : Goal next week: Start running again. Anyone know of any good places to run in Louisville?
nice, &mr woods?
Try dropping your jaw a little before and during your swing to release tension. Fun to be back outside coaching.
peace good brothas - we appreciate you coming thru Monday! Staten Island fellowship
And that's a wrap for me on my first day on Saltwater.
You've heard plenty about blogging, Twitter and search engineoptimization
Thanks for spreading the word! I train police officers to survive the stresses of their careers and can always use more help
What does she have on she ratchet
yes i made it back from the kitchen just in time lol!
Really annoyed at my neighbors this weekend.
where's when I need my daily hug ?!
wait are you going to the track meet?
I mean, yeah I know the director was a convicted felon but - it's still a freaky horror film!
Movies tomorrow with ; Nathan :D ; Liam? ; Darious ; Dylan(maybe) ; &Aaron;*
ugh. i hate when that happens.
☼ Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals. Paul J. Meyer
aww, haha. I just saw this. maybe next time! It was a blast. Glad to be home though working on stuff!
well, one is probably predicated on the other
i love how everybody's hatin on Kidz Bop! but really these kids need to stop singin grown up songs and start singin more Nick/Disney stuff
but like how its said in bull durham strickouts are fascist. groundballs are more democratic
The Maker Movement is in the air. And it's refreshing!
"i see your face and I just want to smash it with a sledgehammer. you're beautiful"
life is great!!!! only 13 days till my son is born acording to his due date!!! <3 <3 <3
I realized once I saw the kids jerseys with name on the back. (thats a big Yankee NO-NO) lol
JMac certainly deserves to go through the lineup and square up his foot with a bunch of nut sacs
haha ill let you know when we get the green light
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! your beautiful!
And now in English, please?
Last week was incredible and this week is sure to be too! Make plans to join us tonight at 7! Bring somebody! Only 4 C4's left
:) I spent most of the day in my bed.... SUCCESS
Dancing to reggae 😊
Forever wishing I had neighbors to play basketball with..
Ah, ok, I remember. I think since it's day 1 everyone's afraid to learn more than one character, we'll see teams later.
Democrats, Liberals, Progressives: A huge #FF going out to , candidate for congress in #VA's 7th District.
he rocks that shirt better than me.
#FF ONLY IF YOU ARE A FUN PERSON! Everyone else can just stay bored :)
2 mores hours of work then I'm free...got the car this week
but my dreams, they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be. i have hours, only lonely...
Good morning, mi amigeauxs.
anyone have a recommendation on a URL shortener that can be used with your own domain?
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. - Sun Tzu
Just started following #vegansforig on Instagram & learned a lot about veganism--great use of apps 😊
you my nigga. I gave that cd to the my buddy that knows J Cole. Hopefully that nigga listens to it
Hanging at one of Jack Kerouac's old haunts.
damn well if you wanna chill hmu
If not Phil, then I hope Lee Westwood wins. He's wearing red, go #nffc!
You guys are so lucky! Hope you're having a great time!
PPI to fete outstanding regional newspapers
Road construction! Walk or bike and make it easier on everyone. That Weber grill doesn't fit on your bike? We deliver, just ask!
Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?
Nothing I love seeing more then a FB thread on my stations page about a school shooting turn into a "Teachers suck. Go Walker" thread.
Wish u a special n perfect day having lots of fun and being mentioned by billions of little monsters to wish u the same.
another hit created.
We all have our pleasures. My just requires more towels.
Hour outside Vegas.
Jazz at Art Alley tonight!
fact to truth w/o. validation. that's just a pet peeve, not directed at anyone personally. I notice it in twitter.
in school tweeting cause im a thug :)
#20songsilove Any cleverly composed lyrical masterpiece about love lost, and inspiration found.
"rich and micro-data on people and interactions that often fall outside usual data collection systems"
I have been sitting in the mechanic's waiting room way too long.
Can't find any shit on youtube, everything is getting pulled!
wishing the Nuggets would pull of the win to break the franchise record. Not looking good.
I fell like I won't get to see him this weekend :/
Im in a wonderful relationship why would I fuck it up for yo nigga??
Hi Bea - how can we help? You can call the office to speak to our of our techs too 305.669.6049. Ask for
Mark Zuckerberg and his #hoodie are laughing all the way to the Bank.
Strangely not a tough loss to stomach, Richardson reinstated my belief in the hot hand.
Can u please follow me? (: make my day
I seem to have lost some of the paper-writing mojo that I had with the last one . . . .
btw, #ProjectX is definitely a movie I wished I'd watched with you
fucking pissed my wife is having her friends over and i have to leave the apt
I'm not perfect. Never have been. Never will be. If you don't like that, the door is over there.
Beautiful day out, ready to work hard!
Looking forward to the After Hours at on the 17th! Great food, great people! Love #Denver!
Sho haven't heard from u...
ur just ignorant
me too lol they're adorable
Looking forward to FINALLY seeing when it opens in Chicago next weekend.
#rapids thought Zapata ran up the field well last night, but was a defensive nightmare otherwise.
Wow! It was so great seeing you all at #Dscoop7. We never cease to be impressed by the great ideas and the great people out there.
De Graaf: The happiness movement - which seeks a new measure to gauge happiness - started in 1972 in Bhutan.
I seem to like the angry characters on these shows. Drita, Evelyn etc...
I KNOW D;
Haha I only wish. And if so, then he will have friends
Where can I get Midwest tourny info?? Brackets and games??
I can hardy believe it, but I actually have an idea for Ignite Ignite. Just came up with it while talking to
That had to be one of the players side chicks that ran on the court.
menlo park mall :D
Looking towards galleries on the west coast..........Suggestions
We mos def can make an exchange! Whats hot is the soap world right now?
Who Lives In Arizona? Looks Like The Heat Is Officially Here.
#InstantTurnOn nice color eyes
Is Le Bain open tonight?
Pauly D, Karina Smirnoff and Dev Join Star-Studded Fourth Anniversary Celebration of SHRINE Asian Kitchen, Lounge and ...
All prepped and understandably nervous for SECOND midterm today at 1:05... whew, after all this is over I need to sleep for a FULL DAY. lol
Dag nearly 50% of ppl will be obese.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger unless it's like a debilitating immune disease
Drinking anything with a brown paper bag around it.
Red and Black's Blonde Assassin was killed today...
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Love brings a warmth and a richness to life.
ouch RT “: Don't fear Miami fans. You should be able to draft Matt Barkley next year with the first overall pick”
haha that's what I meant to say and that sounds excellent :)
"you would look good together" "i would look good with any girl"
Hello Twitternation! Shout out to Hip Hop, giving back in so many ways, rarely celebrated! I say kudos!
Like a heart that is oh, so true. Just call on me and I'll send it along With love from me to you.-The Beatles, From Me To You
come out the egg baby girl... Let the world see that smile that I know..
If anybody finds lost money, let me know. It's probably mine.
“: #Random... If you wanna be somebody, If you wanna go somewhere, You better wake up and pay ATTENTION........”>>>YESS😁
Noticed that only USA fiction I've read lately is Truman Capote's. Otherwise Japanese, Swedish, British. Recs for USA authors, anyone?
Today was fantastic! Presented my talk on the panel, met some very interesting scholars, and have expanded my academic interests...
has no butt.
thanks for picking up SPL fixtures!
I am a fan or should I say Psycho!! :0)
I'll definitely take it if you can't find anyone!!
What's your number????
of course happy to! Of course when I actually have my own place again for art I will be looking there!
lol how does it look
Good luck coach! Best of luck this season.
awesome!!! Did u just sign up? Yes I have advice. DM me ur email. Look forward to runnin with ya.
A hammerhead shark tattoo
Holder better not be dead!
30 mims untill our music hits FB get ready!!!
yesh but it was much needed
#askselena do you like Greyson Chance?
