uh ya
Fighting a cold all week long with no sleep has led me to this awesome friday of never leaving my bed.
RT : RT : Urban myth re: puts sugar on their fries & lettuce to make it addictive. NOT TRUE! # blogher11
Hey, question. Do you have updates to that awesome 'moving the needle' prez you gave in Boston last year? If so, can you share?
FANTASTIC CLASSES this week!! THANKS to my all my students at AACS, Albany Salsa, Capital Region Arts Center & Albany Senior Services! XO :)
joining the likes of Al Harris and Brady Poppinga as Packers turned Rams
RT : UPDATE: Officials tell they believe 2nd shooting victim at Virginia Tech was the gunman...
"About the be?" Related: Nate Bush is pouring us shots.
oh, very much a Dave's topic :D Sounds really interesting, I'm sure it will be great
If you can dream it, you can do it. –Walt Disney
Congrats to and Team Dublin for making over 500 calls tonight!
It's spelled Juneau haha :)
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
This is the best thing that happened today
Come up with good content and you can get RT's, too. 😏
I deserve a break today.
What is up w the pink support hoes on Cotto?
I'm running after the thing that really matters
Wittman says she's terrified of questions
Time tah get my tweets up
We love you!
I hate bullshit.
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ red peppers, red onion, cilantro, provel & chipotle aioli Soups: Smoked Tomato Leek or Cantaloup & Apple
I stay.. You're unhappy. I leave... Still not happy.
Happy B-Day to two of my awesome co-workers and !
thts so exciting!! i love both of you so it would sound amazing!!
Blame it upon a rush of blood to the head.
Hope all my Dallas friends are staying safe!
The District's Special Olympics has been canceled b/c of bad weather. Events have been rescheduled for March 20 & 21.
Hella props to the person who had sex to #silence. Awesome S/O on #CC250 by I know I would ^_^
They gather in a generic suburban office park, working-class students chasing a fast track to success: a college degree.
I dig this old spice champion commercial, but I would never break up with heather graham lol
Hahaha and her road rage.
Ready ... RT : Get ready for deluge of tweets, I've been out of pocket all day and a ton of stuff happened...
get some horrible cough sweets? See if they help? Have fun on your dig!x
You people aren't updating fast enough for my wandering mind.
My real niggas know what I told em about these #Thunder I ain't gon mention it online i'll jus wait til our day comes
Tuesday, May 3: Inter-blink Interval Patterns in Dry Eye and Normal Subjects (D976) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Aw! Yellowbrickroad is streaming on netflix now too. Crazyville.
Fresh blueberries & macadamia nuts. An exquisite snack pairing.
listening to and LOVING IT! Awesome voice & soulful lyrics. Great music.
It's an exciting final day of MLB. 4 teams, 2 spots, and 1 massive case of angina for their fans.....
On the road
I'm sorry
She is a girl not a puppy, you are her boyfriend not her owner.
I suck!
"like" this post if you want to win some Denver Browns Baseball SWAG and comment telling us why you deserve some free SWAG!!
Staying at the tonight? Hop across the street for the #Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
I really wanna watch the Lion King but it just doesn't seem right without or
Glad to know you are okay, and the family you assisted are okay as well.
Exactly. Fleshy. And not in a good way. In a too-much-beer-and-too-many-Funions kinda way, now with added sweat.
Getting ready to embark on a cross-country journey with There will be so much Justin Bieber. And coffee.
I choked on a lifesaver. Oh, the irony.
RT : Exciting convos re parity gender/POC re writers. Can we expand to all levels - dirs, ADs, MDs, designers, etc?
so i'm looking to book my flight. 5/18 - 5/21. Can I see u?
That's not fair I didn't sandbag anything. However, might need to make some excuses.
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :'(
mermaid & a ninja?? #awesome wouldn't happen to also be a wine drinker would you?
totally agree!!! Sad when there are so many great tools out there and they are all blocked :(
About to go eat with the Fam
Yep! As I catch the 6pm service remotely. I hear the bridges are a mess.
well hey der ;) ready for some nashville?!?!?!
Keep them squares up out your circle
I think everybody ought to get affluent and well-known and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the answer.
you're welcome precious!(:
I owe you great debt. In your words the world has been restored to recognizability thru language.
'lil help?-- any ipod users out there who have tripped the water sensor on back of the model without actually dropping it in water?..
The Electric Slide... BARF!!!
Thank You
Gettin' Sticky Balls at with Carl Weathers. Yeah, I know. I can't even believe it!
A real "Bad Bitch" never looks to her past , Because regret isn't Felt ; <3
I know I just wrote a WFNY "why no one at Tribes game!?" post, but I can't really talk, I haven't been to a game this year.
Love this time of year !
": Girlfriend: "Babe, What´s Your Favorite Position??" Boyfriend: "When I Get On One Knee & Make you My Wife.;)aww thats cute
looking forward to seeing old friends & making new ones at #tnla12 tomorrow!
lol that was my joint! & been wit a star!
Who's coming to our fundraiser at this Friday from 6-9?Bring a donation, get a $1 drink & enjoy 1/2 off appetizers!
thanks to for plugging my , my baby nonprofit. :) check her out too!
"You give great oral hygiene!" --inappropriate dentist
How long ago did you start running? What motivated you to run?
Working on the preparations for the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Hey , I'm trying to work and you little jerks keep flying into my comp screen. I'd get out my vacuum but you multiply like crazy
two unisoms and I still can't sleep
#bookaday 's Best Books for Boys Fantastic guide with so many titles to add to my summer pile
Theres a contest running right now...just look at the link below :) <3
I'm leavin monday at 11
Hey so I'm officially out of minutes, so if I don't text you guys back... That's why!
Record high of 78 set in Central Park at 2:38 PM today. Broke previous record of 77, set in 1938. Also records at LGA, Bridgeport, Islip.
well I forgot to check my twitter for awhile lol.
Just tried Danish smoked bacon. Really? A whole country whose entire cuisine is based on pig! To Denmark... Everyone!
Wonderful! That is great to hear!
It amuses me (& it might amuse ) that a business in my nabe is called Oregon Breakers. THEY DON'T SERVE THE BEAM. Or do they?
Excellent RT You'll never have a Super Bowl ring. #suckit RT : You'll never be a starter.
now I have 6 leagues to follow next year. Fucking hell.
Let's go Pacers!!!!
Joe Rome won our ticket drawing for Bear in Heaven tonight at Crocodile!
Wow. Sunshine, a cold draft beer , and a bucket of local oysters can change your day!
omg How does one even get a boyfriend? Do you like buy one on amazon or..
- got to sit court side four or five times during that period. It was a BLAST!
on occasion, yes. Though at festivals I find it hard to listen to anything while editing.
you, I'll get his one day follow, and to me its a tweet
Did SMU pay you to speak? Or was this carryover from the 80's? sorry piece of shit.
Anyone out there done a data warehouse migration from Oracle to Greenplum?
Only 2 days left of the 2009 Indiana County Fair after today! Come out and enjoy it before it's gone for another year!!
bosh but nobody wants him
Some BIG football games coming up on Sunday!...bet the teams with the best off-season training/conditioning will win! Who do u have winning?
Pouring at Kimbark Liquors tonight from 6-9. If you don't care about the Bulls game, come say hi!
Spice up your next party or office event with Bakehouse Catering! For menu and details, call Tashia at 812-327-4842
James Lovell was by far the most pretentious and annoying office seeker in the founding era.
watching sytycd - don't understand the judges adoration of Ryan at all
Who's watching Alex tonight? I AM!! (:
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  17
Me too! RT : i'm over this bipolar weather
lol oh well can't complain we need the rain :-)
Thank you for the RTs
March Homebuyer's Club Orientation is coming up on Tuesday the 15th! Come see what all the FREE credit improvement hype is about!
Not happy my phone not updating right!! Gone have to make a visit
nope! It's cater :) I thought it was Carter too but I DMed him and he said cater lol
Mountain Lion is just a service pack, why will I have to pay for it?
#nwill2011 assessment: used grade center in Blackboard, skills are "assignments". Feedback in-system and students can track own progress.
Two Things I Hate More than ANYTHING!!! A Liar and a Cheater!!!!!!!!
I agree with you.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers. Lows around 60.
like your swag U y should let the casHHouse take &you and some of your friends downtown, would be great a time ;) ttyl sexy
Now following the homie
"Do you smell that? It smells like leather. And Teddy Roosevelt. And wistfulness."
So, now I am re-plying and not re-tweeting. This is like public experimentation here where everyone can see how confused I am ...
Great tip for next Sunday. RT : Sunday night: 64 oz growler and large pizza from To go only. Just $25 bucks!
Thank you Elizabeth! RT : Great speakers & brand representation, fabulous accommodations & energetic staff.
are you on right now?
Trynna start a fight with me and you outta state.. #Really makes no since
just about everything :(
What is more beautiful than relaxing in a hot spa, watching the snow fall! We have everything you need to enjoy it!
"I gotta run out and see #johncarter before they yank it from the theaters" that's the first time anyone has said that sentence.
Never let a woman go even when you know she can always be replaced. She can always be replaced. #kingcharles 🎶👍
Can't tweet and drive!!
Fuck research projects.....In the ass
True story.
Thank You All Who Came Out & Helped Make This Years 9 Mile Music Festival a Success!
Only 1 week until our party with ! Make a date 2/25 7pm doors
Kaitlyn Stroud standing on her head in this game. Denies Monogue in the box.
I KNOW! IT'S PROBS MY FAVE SONG BY THEM!!!!!!!!!
#thisrapturesucks if anyone sent money to that fraud radio preacher, time to sue for fraud, you think?
Neighbor looks more like Mark E. Smith every day.
Ugh fucking court!
Hmm what to do today?!....
....Waiting for the program to respond. Well fuck. It almost never does, and there's no way im closing the program.
mi dos
People who care about their klouchebag score should get higher klouchebag scores.
Jim! I correctly guessed the new head coach. want to know next steps to collect for contest. So excited! Look at your timeline
": Let's get this record finished. Stoked." Aw yee-eah!!!! See you in the studio tomorrow!
Trying to get my room organized again. I have way too much crap
playing songs ... breaking glass ...
Out of town for the night, broseph. At the family home tonight. Send all my regrets!
God bless the ones who need it
please let Blake know I said Happy Mothers Day!
Hey there! Hope you're doing well & can't wait to hear how it's going before the big release date!
Joseph said, "God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance."~Genesis 45:7
go JR!
Little country music, Spurs basketball, homework, and the cool Lubbock air makes for a great Sunday afternoon!
congrats! where are you going?
IPhones take fucking amazing pictures. Omg.
#Brewers continue to get clowned on by supan
I once slept in a hotel that had roaches in it, when I complained the roaches told me to go back to sleep.
Washington governor signs pilotage bill easing access for large boats into region.
Most rappers tell producers they want something that sounds like what's already been done instead of making what's next
#IfYouCantRap don't quit all activity to pursue a rap career.
. thanks for
I know it looks like one of the videos from but I can't find it on youtube :(
That poor tanning woman is just getting skewered by the press today!
RT : Congrats to everyone who ran the La Jolla Half Marathon!! It was great to have all of the racers in town yesterday! :)
I Fuckin Love Music Choice....
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe "be yourself, man. be proud of who you are. even if it sounds corny, never let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful."
your the chef, hoe about you make me food
I'm so immature its unreal
You don't even know my name. You're too busy playing games.
the 10 spot limit is a bandwidth issue. Would live too see that limit opened up though for all
Did you get my email?
what's upp? we haven't talked in foreverr.
In the winter of `65. We were hungry, just barely alive.
#Wine Joke: Forgive me for I have zinned.
So true! RT : Excellence is not a skill, its an attitude. With the Right Attitude you can do any and everything.
be strong,your beautiful,chin up, this is your life,go on,don't hold on.
Yay! finished my Finance homework .... now it's time for Business Entities! I can't wait until exams are OVER!
we had the same conversation about Pushkin with my parents on Saturday! (+a statue made of black cast iron)
We love Larry's birds.
RT : Those 44 were part of a record 548 OSU student-athletes who will be honored at 45th Annual Scholar-Athlete Dinner on Wed.
borrowing from Terre Roche - How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Today is the LAST DAY to get up to 80% off + free shipping + 5% cash back at Forever 21!!! fb.me/1jtwmUhJ3
“Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.” Abraham Lincoln
I'm not sure but I think has been creeping on my Facebook. I feel special. :)
I really want to watch the okc-lal series but I don't think I will ever make it to the end the 1Q
Bucco Nation feels for JMac tonight
late late
Well goodnight twitter ... and I hope really follows PLZ FOLLOW!!! :))) luv you guys #ThereIsACFCureTHEREIS :)))))
More like busy month along with june!
The Super Bowl will be a high scoring game for sure? Giants 38 & New England 31
Shut it down and there won't be anymore reason for hiding information. It will end the crony kickbacks and open it to oversight
that paper is so cute! Where did you find wrapping paper like that.
poorsquare.us a great concept app. well done
Cheers to
in the car and happy.
im bored af!
We had a great trip to San Francisco to forward an innovative microlending startup. We'll keep you updated of its progress.
#FF to So glad to work with you!
That Jeopardy's producers share our society's unjustified contempt for teachers.
All have a great weekend + follow
Patiently waiting. "Only 5% of babies are born on their due date" - Dr. Sears.
It's lunch, thank you.
's manager was on 101.5's food porn. it was really funny. Lady La won! again!!!!!
American University Cathy Hubbs on privacy (control over your info) and security (confidentiality, integrity, and availability) URMIA11#
What sort of project?
and a special thanks to for picking up the tab against his own will. Credit card roulette refereed by
Enjoying Newt being down in Georgia?
We need not worry about the cleanliness of our water. Water naturally cleans itself through the settling of impure matter and by aeration.
Snuggled in bed watching 'Like Crazy' for the first time. This is the perfect lame Friday night that I needed.
Grizzlies could of easily been up 3-0 but they wasn't feeding Randolph and Gasol
Chomsky: "If the Bush administration didn’t like somebody, they’d kidnap them and send them to torture chambers." [1/2]
What are you going to do next?
Mothers hold their childrens hands for a short while, but their hearts forever. I LOVE YOU MUM #HappyMothersDay Thank you for everything. <3
Carrefour now with ROBI tic tic taptap HEY
great to meet you too!
What kind of donations? :) RT Awesome lunch before headin to to pick up donations for
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
what r u the right version of #NationalEnquirer ? K
Yep. Happy moment.
I don't fear death....
Jump around! 😄
whateva jet fan. I guess you did all of your crying in December!
how do i change my profile pic now?
Note to self: if you let 2 different bottles of whiskey have only 1/2 a drink left in them, you WILL feel like a lush when they both empty
. It's not a pretty question, and it never occured to me, but it is a valid question.
where u at?
#KingOfDiamondsMonday get here!
I say it's time to party anyone wanna second that motion :-)🎁 🎉🍻🎉🎁
sure can girl :)
Oh, why hello brownii!! I wish the #Catnap came sooner!! Is it Friday yet? :)
that's my girl :)
I think the show is called everybody hates chris : P What's ur fav show ?
Fight is won.. behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights. -M. Ali
Got a sneak peek of photography in #socialcurrency exhibition. It's going to be amazing.
Sunshine Rain
that is why i love this magazine
DAMMIT! He says they're freezing spending, and now he's launching a new web site? WTF?
i guess showering would be good...
The special: Caprese Train. Fresh mozzarella, Romas, basil, and an olive oil drizzle on a fried egg sandwich.
Has anyone ever actually had a restaurant Mother's Day brunch that they thought was outstanding? Food AND service wise.
Where the party at?
use the rules/filter settings to route your email, makes it much easier to seperate junk from people you want to respond to
me and ced convo last night >>>>>> made my night .
I cannot accept the truth it is already 5.34pm AH.
In 3 days we finished ALL guitars and main vocals. O.o We have so many surprises for you guys! Please keep telling your friends about us <3
Thank you for RT's! Happy (almost) Thursday!
The vote for Amendment 1 is tommorow! I hope people vote against it..it would hurt SSOOO many people!
When teeth and muscle war, muscle never loses.
Peace out juice drinkers and coffee makers!
Anyone interested in starting this game for tonights league or should we wait until Monday to start guessing for next week?
Awesome!!! Will love to see you! And maybe you can help build a solid CO team ;-)
if you can't spot the crazy person in the room, it's you.
I'm so gone. I'm sorry twatter.
Maybe the Tigers can get Fernando Rodney back to add to the madness
MT RT Randolph bill to ban discrimination against #LGBT Floridians 'never even put on agenda'...
haha! I hear ya. I'd do the same.
Set an outlook alert for todays 407pm baseball game.
User eXperience Design, of course. Probs should have TUXEDOed better (Tweeted Using eXpressions Everytweep Doubtlessly knOws)
who u stalking lol j/k cuz!!
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES. LOL
I'm currently watching Topgear legit
You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
I never got the joke on 30 Rock where Liz's agent is played by an adolescent boy. Now is doing it on his show too. Huh?
Grocery workers in southern California reach an agreement
What's the song to get you over to the pub for some re-hydration?
I think I got first on Saturday. It's all downhill from here.
Good lord soccer is so damn stupid. I'd rather get kicked in the face with a golf shoe than watch this.
looks awesome-- would you want or need any assistance on the project? Good to see you at btw!
Planning is underway for #SlainteMKE at ! Follow for updates!
Hey if anybody know my name follow me k
Came home from #codemash to find my heat out.....not a good time for that!
Happy 420 :P
Wowzers. Just looked up photo of the "beach". *That's* decadence.
But I'm not gonna be a bitch, cuz that'd be a bitch move
: Happy Birthday!!!! Live it up on this Cinco De Mayo! :) xo>> thanks girl!!
look for a link above the video thumbnail for more videos. Also go to YouTube.com/iheartranger
Thanks for the mention!
Ah, Austin's aunt came online after like 10 hours and replied to my tweet. just made the night even better ! june 22 <3 goodnight :)
Home after a tough loss tonight to Florida
Happy birthday from a long time fan!
dat is my background pikk go see
joe johnson thanks the hawks for that celtics 10-0 run
Shoot me your email and ill send you something to listen to! Appreciate it sir.
I want to go on vacation!
Just got brought onboard to edit a short comedy. Looks like its gonna be a lot of fun, really excited!
Make or break in the next couple weeks... If something doesn't happen, its on to better and brighter things...
Always team Nicki!!!!! Till I die, and still repping.
so, i havent even thought about you lately..
"I mean, the question actors most often get asked is how they can bear saying the same things over and over again, night after night, but...
I like to keep my issues drawn It's always darkest before the dawn*
whats up twitter?!
But my GPA is poppin' so I'm down.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage. Confucius
Win a Lemonade from McDonald's! Just tell whether you'll tune into the Idol finale tonight. Email with your answer.
I CANT BE MEAN!!! ITS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!! ARGGGGGGGG!!!!!!
I mean fuck if I know sheeeeeit
Nick. Come on back. My wife and I miss the "Swish Salute"
The wick is for kick ass wicksters
Hi Stacey!! Thanks for following. There's a lot of exquisite art pieces on your page. I look forward to seeing more. Best wishes
Love this rain:)
thanks Rohit! We entered you in the drawing. Looking forward to being on the NYU Blog.
Whenever I lose sight of my goal, I look at the faces of everyone on my team and I'm right back to it.
after dealing w/ 15 month olds this weekend, my advice is try and keep up with them and you'll be out like a light in an hour. ;-)
. 2012 is next week (April 3-5). #Terracotta and will be there (booth #400).
Good morning - welcome to Wednesday...
Bummin around with in LA... it's
Social Media Overtakes Search in Advertising
like music to my ears! Good to hear homie ;)
you call on me at the weirdest times Nikkole Parker
i so got that
I guess this doctor is a substitute, but I'm certain he was a serial killer in his past life. Creepy! I just wanna go home.
has literally gone insane!
oh baby please forgive me im sorry my mom hacked my account
I don't appreciate spam.
Can today get any worse?
using #javascript to write cookies in the browser... yay or nay?
I feel so stupid
My cousin is coming in from Dallas...it's nice to have out-of-town company sometimes.
thank you Rabbi for following me. Best of luck in your senate race😃God Bless You!
Matta fact that makes a few of u niggas I never see yall rooting for a team u like.. but I always see yall hating on great players n teams
Been using it for almost a year now. It's pretty cool
must be nice! Good for you.
@ the airport, watching people arrive from Vegas. Everybody looks like they're doing the walk of shame
Dont you hate it when somebody turns on the light to wake you up and you're just like -_o
Take ya lazy ass to the gym b4 I tell Master Sgt on you
I have a feeling somethings different
I got my stickers in finally!
Life itself >>
Your obscurity is overwhelming me, why you deserve invisibility.
Today has been a really good day :)
Have a great weekend, everyone!
This time of year it gets a little more sad as time ticks by...tick...tock as it gets darker earlier and oh so HOT! Depressing...
I have got to start relaxing and not typing my hashtag wrong; listening to Sean #LNYHBT ... got it right this time.
we danced to mother gooney bird.... and read the book by Tomie de Paola "My Mother is So Smart"
Pop a Molly Smoke a Blunt, I'ma High Roller 
very cool idea!
don't sit then lol
First year of college complete 😊
FINALLY on my flight to San Antonio en route to Austin. Excited abt and 's party!
What are your plans for Valentine's Day?
you can chat with me anytime, dear!!
#Ghettocrayoncolors grandmas bunions - tan
If you want to get around the I-40 west bound rockslide near the TN/NC border, take I-26 towards Johnson City then Highway 25/70 into TN.
"Your body is the baggage you must carry through life. The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip." - Arnold H. Glasgow
New personal information aggregator TLO has some capabilities that neither Accurint nor Merlin have. More later.
- you are the man. Thanks for teaching some of my favorite people about tweeting!
Who's joining us Sunday at the Rockabilly Chili Contest?
My first-time new Apple rush: Bought iPod Touch for son's HS graduation night of Sep announcement. Picked up at FedEx last night.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for Knife Edge Productions.
(c) It says I gained again!! -__- I don't know which to believe!!
Monster Cush ... Super Unleaded💚 Grand daddy purp .. #JetFuel🔥 On deck...
2nd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 10...EAGLES/CHARGERS #TAKETHEOVER (47)...THIS ONE FEATURES TWO BIG PASSING GAMES...LOT S OF POINTS
I'm 100% in support of your new hashtag,
Just got my nails done and bought a lotto ticket!
Aw man baby geez lmaooooo
Chainsaw you're the best!!
|#quotes All you need is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
lol that shit happened to me and it was kinda crazy.
thank you!!:)<33
Damn it, I love my life.
Hazardous Mat, Spill-Leak
QoTD: "He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat." (Napoleon Bonaparte)
MT : Today Pres Obama announced his support for same-sex marriage. Join us 5/15 for a convo on gay rights......
In 3rd wk at and lovin' it! We're looking for a .NET QA Engineer. Join us!
Right back! I'm hoping Golf & Poker are in our near futures.
I'm so sorry that was an accident. :D
Hope you and your family had a wonderful New Years Day! Final day of Bijoux Blitz starts tomorrow. Stay tuned! guyandeva.com
Real News is missing the point on scans in NYC. It's not where you accept the scans from PD, It's standing up & saying NO to Scans!
I like Homer Bailey. That is all.
like that movie undisputed with wesley snipes
Part of the 'A' team on pretty little liars is he's helping Mona...bet you didn't see that one coming 😉👌
I want to work in revelations, not just spin silly tales for money. -- Kerouac
Paintballing & white water rafting today & tomorrow... Kicking off senior week #letshopeimakeitoutalive!
Petco just came out with their new spring fashions....maybe they have a raincoat? I'm heading there today to see what's on.
omg... I don't know him.
it was weird don't do it
Loving the stare down the remarkable students and Thayne have been sharing in the last 10 minutes.
yes! RT Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
did you ever get a chance to Skype with my friend in Uganda?
We're having fun at Lunch and Learn!
Must have tweeted it for the both of us then. :)
u can try burping your hiccops with ur mouth closed too lol
FORZAAAA MILAN >>>>> I ROSSONERI FROM INDONESIA
If its trendy... I fucking hate it
Is “parents-loving-themselves” a prerequisite 2 teaching kids 2 love themselves? #ptRAD pls RT
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me
I MISS YOU SO MUCH
God Damn I hate the fucking flyers
Wish I was in Springfield.
DAMN, forreal though, where's the de?
population of black people in iowa 10.45%
We wish!
And :)....I'm also wondering about a good, reliable herbal that infuses a pretty pink color that will be sweetened with agave and iced??
good stuff, that's what!
“: Happy Banned Books Week! What's everyone reading?” - "Slaughter-House Five" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. Once banned in SE Missouri school.
double like
#upallnight is the best new comedy of the season. HILARIOUS!
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10
#Redskins #NFL #Facebook Follow us on facebook www.facebook.com/redskinfans
if yall don't know, then your missing the best tacos that ever graced yo face -- TEXnROOK got the twitter name wrong.sorry
RT : ✦✧✦ When one's #mind is made up, this diminishes #fear; #knowing what must be done does away with fear. Rosa Parks
JOIN ZE CLUB
You Got Some Hard Shit Bro
If only I were young and single. And credentialed. :-) I'll be watching from here. Enjoy Denver!
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
": I'm here girly!!!" I miss you!!!! So does kaitlyn and my cousin even though you dont talk
I cannot wait to hear Mr. Bardo's response. Those were some strong words that can be misinterpreted if not clarified
Mary Kay scientists regularly consult with independent dermatologists and other medical experts around the world.
aha i love temple run!!:)
that would be fun....
CU IS NOW OFFICIALLY ALSO A BASKETBALL SCHOOL!!!!!!!
I really could care less about finals next week.
Life is a beautiful thing&everyone should love to live no one should ever doubt bout living no matter what happens:))</3
I have a place by work called Chutney Joe's. While the food is really good, the name is really bad.
At Bad Genie for No Requests. $2 PBR/PBR Lights. Get here!
CALLING ALL #Bandsthatrock! We're looking for bands to put shows together with in #Chicago & the #Midwest. #forthoseabouttorockwesaluteyou!
Kid Cudi is so cute!! :D
I think the same thing about the CT ones!!! What's up with all this white powder at schools????
I def wanna see you soon too <3(:
Time to get productive.
uh yes ! Lmao
Today is my Birthday please follow me and my 2 friends at and :)
Rise of recognition of engineers: Because we rely on complex hard- & software to achieve results how to recognize contribs
Images for shoes+tommy - shoes tommy
#fallformal Friends are the glue that fix heartbreak. Friends and a bottle of whiskey.
thats true & im thinking of working with music :)
what answers?
it appears so.
Happy day of birth to K to the E!!
if it doesn't, they have a couple great matchups in the coming weeks!
does it really taste like mountain dew?
Im very sarcastic.
you can be an escort lol
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Rude Ass hoe I ain't worried .
Gemologist was a $310,000 purchase at the 2009 Keeneland November Sale
ohh ok well if you need help always happy to help! :-)
Texas Roadhouse is O-MAZING. Great steak! (medium rare for me of course) -M
Hope everyone has a great weekend! Remember FRIDAY is the last day to buy Homecoming tickets!
shooting story on sprts hall of fame induction-cool ray field jason elam, david greene going in plus others
You can't expect someone to keep taking you back after you continue to do the same shit you promised not to.
Man Looks at your Outside! While GOD looks at your Heart! David went from a Shepherd to A King! You are Capable & you are loved!
Grapes and a cookie for breakfast
they have growlers! I'll remember that for next time
it's unlikely that you will make it through today. It's a vicious city out there
Chasing Disaster will be headlining the Duke City Sleepout Benefit for the homeless in Albuquerque, NM on June 10th.
the Orpheum i post it on FB as event ima invite you on there if you still on there
Half of a tuna salad wrap with lettuce, tomato, cucumber , sprouts, served with a cup of soup$6.95 *Chili & Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
had 2 separate 5 loads of laundry & they will just have 2 sit there & think about what they've done only then will I deal with them
We got our tickets to the MD film fest!
I think I still kind of love her.
Today CW stands for the Civil War on this anniversary of the 1862 Battle of Williamsburg.
yeah, i think you've nailed it man
I gotta go back to the power plant live, it was so much going on...
. is bringing up the Blue Button for allowing patients to access their health records or for doing mashups with feeds.
4 years ago today was the special Memorial for Bill Keightly in Rupp Arena. Today #8 is celebrated.
I love you and I only want to see the best from you
well, that's not a bad combination...
Heading to the first gig tomorrow for a battle!
Please pray for Bailey ford, she is 4 years old and has stage 4 cancer. Thanks
my roomie has been wanting to play!
#breakingbad last 15 minutes tonight, incredible television
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 19
I'm typing Im typing
no clue never lived in dorms but knowing most colleges you can't have pets in dorms.
It's Kenosha Korn! Sound delicious.
How was atl ?
Oh sick, but still horny, huh? ;) <3
We in The Jungle. Follow
Extremely excited to find out I will be filling comedian's seats not figuratively!
RT just finished selection meeting for #boulder. wow. great stuff out there. hard to narrow.
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Today is a great day to fight for equality! Never give up hope!
could be more of an adult-oriented/fan-driven slot. How long did Fringe survive there?
Yeah uh huh
I'm thinking 10-15ish. reserved a table for us.
no but im going to monster jam!! guess whos going to be there... DRAKE!! my life is complete! wish u could go with me :(
I WUV YEW
haha okay we are having to much fun, back to the #TweetChat --->
It makes me mad when my iPad gets new gmail emails before my android phone!
Trying to figure out why orders are getting to Europe faster than to Canada o_O
Come and see us at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week, Booth #3. FREE book prize draw!
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Just received a very convincing PayPal spam/virus email - re: API and IPN updates - do not click any of the links!!
"L U V Madonna!" - guy in Europe
I know the one place needs to be and so does he!
serious question, why dont u try to get a job with the browns of some kind of capacity
it was a thing of beauty. And better than Riley deserved.
a lil to late to rt that
Here with family
TXS for new followers :)
I know I shouldn't but that's too funny! RT “: Relationships are like fat people. Most of them don't work out.. #MYOPINION”
So many weddings this year! I love it.
gracias chica!! :) i'll make a scrapbook out of just about anything possible lol
Chapter 2012 Pages 129 & 130 of 366 Money can't buy happiness but it sure can provide options!
Working in a 100 year old building= lots of power outages. Breaktime!
GO TO BED OMG ARE YOU SWEATING.
damn, just looked up photos. He is pretty fine.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Hmm...what to watch first from my latest haul? Ken Russell? Fritz Lang? Super Cops? Ursula Andress? Stroheim? So difficult.
I'm not sure high D, low R turnout is the recipe for success. High urban/suburban low rural would have been toughest environment
Bizarre! That is an amazing word...stupid spell-check. It needs to check itself.
We take for granted all the things that makes us who we are.
Awe I didnt know you were in the bldg!!!!
I'm realizing that if it's Pats v Packers in the Superbowl, I won't be leaving the house.
Not a good sign when all of the tweets from a flower delivery co. are apologies for non-delivered orders. What gives, ?
If you live in the 13th aldermanic district in the City of #MKE, please vote for Ald. Terry Witkowski.
Thanks, ladies! :-)
my eyes are going bad, my friend is going mad...
Do u need any help wid sum questions 4 chem? Coz my bro passed his gcses (year11) with flying colours he is the best at chem!!
Think of new subscription models, like per document for your online collections/databases. Also check free region/state consortia.
When I pointed out what booting me looked like they threatened me with legal action and hid behind their terms of use.
ah im soo bored such an boring dayy
She was great!;)
Do you think our music fits their genre?
Happy Friday to you Sandra!
Thank you to all the Quality people. Customers & business associates...we <3 you all!!! Happy New Year...
Fuck Jon Jones
I wish:) RT : Elle Macpherson WOW! If only I look like her when I get older. #sigh It's all about neutrals.
Speaking of which, still looking for good fantasy names of kingdoms/ territories/realms for DnD. I'll also take names for characters!
Why are this year's crowds at the Rose Garden better than last year? The Players tell you
I was about to faint.. I said you didn't follow me anymore .. Then it showed up .. (: phew (:
Also, Calipari is looking to the bolt to the NBA. Develop your game at #Georgetown, be the no. 1 overall pick, and life's set
sounds like a spa treatment
Follow , our pop up flower shop opening during Better Block! Cash and carry flowers by the stem!
I love ur profile pic. very sexy and strong. I know what mean about people. I give them my all to eventually get shit on
have a good broadcast and call a win for us!!!
Frankie's with the great and the one and only GO FROGS.
merging at the last minute has been shown to be most efficient. It's actually merging in between that's the total disaster.
touche let me see and I will get back to you haha
FFL MARCH BOOK SALE! ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW! BOOKS FROM $1! BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS! BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY
LaSalle Solutions Achieves the Advanced Unified Computing Technology Specialization From Cisco in the United States
Hubie can't even say our ONLY all-star's name correctly. It's HIBBERT, not Hilbert.
Matt 's Atlanta win?
So refreshing to see the O's winning and actually having fun while doing it.
IHOP, riding and movie night with ! :)
RBTI on watch this coming week!!!
say what?
Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
apologizing doesn't always mean your wrong, it just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Why did Facebook pay 1 billion dollars for Instagram? Don't they know you can download it for free?
you're good people. Still rocking you shirt and making people jealous?
#YouMightBeGhettoIf You use duck tape to fix EVERYTHING
Hey (: omg lol.
Even though it ended too early, I'm still Proud of my Aztecs for their EPIC season.
To all who purchased pie, thank you so much for for support. Our apologizes for selling out so quickly. Look for the mna,,,,,,,,
10 Facebook Tips: The first rule of Facebook is you don't talk about Facebook....Yahoo is suing them for billions
Tacoma is more of a ghost town than usual... seems like every second office downtown is vacant
Taking note from my phone ;)
The top three reasons for sharing are to inform friends, express a point of view or to say something funny (in person or via social media)
just call my name and I'll be there! Had a conditional offer from anglia!
completely unsurprised. I think I was congratulating y'all.
Have a Good Night, get plenty of rest and sleep with the angels......remember, always God loves you and AngieB loves you
Gonna watch this rangers/tigers game
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people try to bring other people down just to make them selfs feel better.
Final number 2 on deck.
That's what they all say. My blog is on life support. It'd be kinder to let it gently float away...
backing up Palmer??
It's a new morning
Getting ready for my very first Armenian wedding experience! I'm sure it'll be a blast!
Yes then BUSH2 spent the surplus & 4Trillion more, then left it for #Obama to clean up the HUGE MESS! GREAT JOB SO FAR!
Thanks Paula :) I
P.S. I don't recommend anyone look up what that word means, if you don't already know or can't figure it out root word analysis. Yeah.
I don't doubt you for a second. Just speaking' my mind.
ok am officially cry ing please don't do this to me lol I wanna go so so so bad I'm such a big fan!
That kickball is awesome anytime and anywhere no matter what!
how about next week??
if you had to play a sport other than soccer, what would you play?
Cirque de Solei was awesome! Just beautiful!
Downside of dating 6 guys at once: Texting the wrong one "I'll see you tonight" Ops!
Ooh, such a nice care package!
watch out for a family of roaming black bears.
and rock!
Alkalizing supplements can go a long way toward helping you achieve proper pH balance and subsequent health benefits.
definitely in... Just name time and place
yes girl!!! Thank you!
: Can we make that an online class? Distance learning, perhaps? I have Skype! lol
former Revs star!
Best #glee performance will always be Teenage Dream.
I have a friend named Winchester on Facebook now. I love it.
RT : Saying "YOU'RE WELCOME" so fucking loudly when someone doesn't say "Thank you".
Quite a dynamic duo.
Your money will be safe.
-I had an awesome meeting as well. Very enlightening! look forward to next fri as well
Oh here it is!
correction: that was Marco Ilic (not S. Heller). :<)
hey can you hit me up L8tr?
Which one? I'm overdue and need to renew...
I have missed you guys,
: lol. Well ur an artist so it's expected
or even WORSE he'll tell you he wants to be in radio not college. No vacation. He'll be borrowing $ for a while.
3 weeks? That's a nice vacation. Take care of yourself.
hey. bro in the bright yellow chevy cobalt covered in blackhawks stickers. stop being so cool, mmk?
I really need to stop reading the comments on news articles. I'm starting to hate humanity.
The iPhone Economy: A Video
Hey that's awesome man. You're going to have a great time. How long have you been working with him?
A lover is a man who tries to be more amiable than it is possible for him to be.
off to teach freshman seminar.
niiiiccce! Cheers brother!!
Fuck you monday leave me alone.
I know you are, but what am I?
“: Teach me how to....? #finishthesentence” teach me how to become Ricky's girlfriend. Did I just tweet that? #awk #awwell (:
Ron Ron tastes good they should sell this!
Trying to leave him alone; but he's like my drug. & can't shake him...
'Cause I, I believe in my soul And I always wanna feel this way so honey let the good times roll
YOU AINT GOT LIKE ME AT THE END OF DAY I AINT LOSIN SLEEP....FUCK YOU!!
is their going to be another jersey shore season
Choo making quite the statement to Sanchez tonight..
And another top 20 finish for Keep it up and you'll be ROTY
There are 3-tiers of users (hyper engaged, moderately engaged & passive). Each serve a function so develop a strategy for each
Thanks Jaz! Hope you had a great weekend and holidays too!
This cheese is rotten. I'm going to the hospital.
Grass or turf?
Yes, you can.
Don't forget to post a picture of your smiling face sweetie...maybe from Miami!
ok talk to you later :) have a good dinner :)
And I'm probably biased cause my sample size is mostly online players
In true geek fashion, I would like to wish everyone a very Happy Star Wars day. May the 4th be with you.
I present a portfolio of my college career in less than 30 minutes. It all comes down to this.
and I don't remember if I even have it :-(
loving my new (old) technics turntable. thanks for hooking it up !
shotgun?! OMG! That's why I adore you and think you are da bomb! And, attack kitties are super scary, too.
Last night enjoying the #Grammys, today my #iOS game has been downloaded in its 53rd country. Life is good! Thanks
awe lol I would hate to be her.
Just heard an officer say 'I do not consent' to being taped by friend of a guy detained at 50th Can he do that? Didn't stop.
And at the half it's #Turnovers 17 - #Seahawks 0
Can't Sleep
This just made my day, I will be booking my flight soon!
There is Tigers baseball on in the office. This means it is summer, right?
My coffee problem has escalated to 3-shot espressos. I blame the K+K Hotel Prague for their "liquid crack" machine.
This week is going to go by so fast, you won't even believe it!
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about which cameras to bring to Mexico.
Happy Easter!!!
One more day until my birthday! Thanks 2 my true friends for all the scheduled lunch/dinner/party dates! Wknd is packed full of fun! Luv u!
No problem! Everything is great on our end, fabulous weather & events! Have a great rest of your week.
:) thanks boo! Trying to stay cute
nba2k12 keeps freezing on the loading screen. Whats going on?
16 people DM'ed me to be on the scrapbook!! :) great im gonna put y'all :)
"oh the things that I have missed… the Black plague, the Spanish Inquisition… the Brady Bunch reunion" Ivan Ooze
What do you think of new profile? Looks nice, don't notice a lot of differ. in functionality but perhaps that will come in stages
Where do all my socks go?
KISS performing on Dancing with the Stars must be a sign the end is near
chillin n da cut like an infection...
What kinda #mikeshard do u want today?
LIVE chat with right now on GrabBagSports.com. Come join the fun while watching the#Rolex24 and talk racing with TAG.
IT SUCKS
hahahahahaa a girls gotta eat!
that! confused me!!
16-9. Really just a perfectly played baseball game. Great pitching and good hitting. Bring on Boston!
#EncourageGreatness in others is a key to developing your own #Greatness. You are even Greater by helping another person Shine Bright!
The learning matters a great deal, and especially the focused effort behind it
Information overload!! -- at least there's more depth to everyones ideas, time to pay attention...
el español homework is done... I keep reminding myself, one week at a time and the semester will be over
yeah. It was crazy windy too. Finished with Rush n Crush though. You going today?
oh sorry:/ he likes Brittany
Liquor doesn't bring out the asshole in me, it just lowers the amount of fucks I give.
Thanks for the free copy of the Constitution. The bad news is I now have the Schoolhouse Rock Preamble song stuck in my head.
since 10th grade right?;)
Haven't started the TV show, though I'm on book 3 right now.
It got cold again I swear if it snows I'm punching someones baby
Don't u hate it when u click 2 see details & mistakenly fav a tweet? Yeah, u know they already got e-mailed & are feeling all proud.
ok.. so, some fool decided it was a good idea to call 911 to get to the Lil Wayne concert. He actually asked for a helicopter ..lol
I wish. We were to gather. Instead of being really good friends. But never going to happen </3
Just looked at myself in mirror - bags under my eyes are horrendous - and I have been getting good sleep... <sigh>
Dear Logan, Who is that whore you are holding? You do know that there are no dog allowed on beach. Maybe even buy her a bikini that fits.
Come join us Thursday night 6:30pm @ XINO Restaurant with
lmao. #FlirtFail. She should've been more like the Subway girls...
“: follow back? (:” followed
There is a difference between a "service" center and a DH center. Don't just drop of documents to scan--push scholarship
no way. It 422 in camera. I'll rent when I need it to be better :-)
go up into Washington Heights along Broadway or Saint Nicholas Avenue.
Will Studio H remain at its current location?
“: Oh, that Joe Biden. Always going off script and saying weird things like people should be treated equally.”
SO HOW HAVE YOU BEEN G????? HOPE WELL :)
Truly blessed. My family will forever be my rock. Could not ask for better.
RT : 60° really? // Yup. With an expected high around 72°.
I'm 7 hours behind on my tweets, but I'll eventually join in (or I am joining in NOW) lol
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 18
manage your personal/professional life like a rock star manages a career: be able to change. try the unexpected. avoid one hit wonder status
Thanks to all of contacted my about the #executivecoaching discount opportunity.
#fridayreads Finished Stonecutter by Lackberg. Excellent read, can't wait for the next one! Thanks
'10 Cats. Wall, Boogie, Patterson, Harrelson, Orton, etc. Loaded team. RT More talented team: 2010 Kentucky or 2012 Kentucky?
Smart thermostats coming to DC soon, currently before the commission.
HaHa Ikr .. The Circle Misses You.
when are you coming back ? :(
Congrats guys!! This is awesome for us all!! Stoked for Thursday!!
dude thata excactlyhow i feel :D
what are you doing?
“: Facebook needs these buttons: dislike, Who cares, & are you an idiot?” preach!!
I too am passionate about developing great leaders, to help them understand their system & find what works best for them.
um idk I don't think tht would be a good idea cuz she might have to pay long distance we can still talk on here though
Heh... no biggie. Not like you were looking to catch up on the ole timeline. But I'll answer you: I keep Raburn.
Ranted in BestBuy re: hating Sony for nonuniversal camera cables. Then salesguy told me his name was Sony. For reals- it was on his nametag.
Happy Friday the 13th! Take advantage of our deal...$100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your Band or DJ!
must be something about them Bryant's..
It's summer and all that's on TV is reality television shows... I can officially stop thinking now.
Going to rock the smoker again tomorrow. Chickens or spare ribs?
We should be occupying K Street, Not Wall Street. It's big money's influence on our politicians via lobbyists that bothers me.
Cubs game Saturday ! Can't wait :))
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28. is back! More info TBA. Interested in being a vendor? Contact:
you have msn?
had a great sandwich yesterday that is absolutely going on the menu
Honestly one of the best spring breaks I'll ever experience.
if u can't give ownership to a player Adams can just give ownership to Archie until Peyton retires
Show this Wednesday at the High Dive in fremont! Come on out seattle people!
if i dont know how to respond to a txt i just type "!!!"
#QuoteoftheDay: "To find fulfillment...don't exist with life - embrace it." ￼Jim Beggs
thank you
First sunny day in a week and 50 seats outside in the sun booked for lunch! Great start to a Friday!
I assume he'll be gone also, but a lot of "insiders" say there's a chance if the Vikes pick at 3. Should be a great draft.
Ask them hoes about me!
Heeeyy you're cute. Get naked . K(:
Thanks to , , and for the follow!
Everything that I have is yours
Thanks for kind words about Printers Row! On deadline for next issue, let me know what you think!
I love you :/
It's too bad it's detractions overshadow the significant things that happened in it.
Thanks! More to come! RT : Using Never knew how easy and awesome online ticket sales/box office management could be.
WTF was that, Rondo?
no problem :-)
not enough sleep for ya?
Happy Easter to all my followers!
The first easy thing to add would be some full body workouts. That will jack up your metabolism! Second, what is a usual meal?
Can't wait to get my iPhone
Hey Followers . What's popingg? :D
For #ExteriorPainting, latex paint is easier to clean & lasts as long as oil-based. Always by the best paint you can afford.
My brother bought me Nutella (:
Boys lie.
I am freaking speechless.
... Glad my obscure reference was missed. Score!
partners with talk show hosts like Oprah to amplify its education message, says Ward.
I miss you MORE. Let me know when you're free...next week is like super good for me except Monday and Tuesday :)
J Montero HR to RCF. Wind's blowing out, but he crushed it. 7-1
#2, supersize, hurry up I'm starving
Im a lazy fuck
You're really not helping yourself. Please leave me alone
hahaha i wrote " to to" instead of "to watch"
a little wait for the most awesome day of the year....
Great Fresh Air interview with the late John Updike on ...and he's even rippin on my favorite author Jack Kerouac
I would watch
Say she's "beautiful" not "hot" she's a woman not a temperature
Compared to other words people could use to describe Bill Belichick, 'jerk' is nice.
I forget way to much...ya just gotta remind me
I really need a good day tomorrow! Ready to see tomorrow night! I'm gonna cry!! :'(
Inspiration from the Donald?!.. "I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big." -
Trivia Tuesday tonight at 9 p.m. Come early for prime seating!
Happy Hour ALL day in Doral Shorty's. Stop by for happy hour drink specials today and tomorrow.
Ok I will stop.. Sorry coach. Text me when youre done ;) <33333
Am I really expected to know the geography or location of a country if the US hasn't invaded and imposed beliefs and principles on them? NO!
He wants my kitty ..
Sometimes, the wrong things are what matter most. Because by making mistakes, we learn. Then, the more we come to see the reality of life.
Starting to think that the secret to success for economics has something to do with Starcraft.
The guy at the table behind me is such a whiny bitch I'm surprised he gets any sex at all - what a loser!
I didn't see your message before ... Doesn't make it better, but definitely everything sounds better with a British accent ;)
I always speak my mind. I don't hold my tongue for no one
yep, it's on tonight on channel 5. The KJ103 interview went great! Talked about you some too.
He'd be a good fit! RT Patriots should sign manning! Imagine the defenses would have to prep for Brady OR manning???
Gonna play soccer in gym for the next 3 weeks or even untuil march.
RT: Up to 50% of former #foster #youth become #homeless within the first 18 months of being released from the system
Got another article out in the #knighthawksinsider This week is a feature on check it out in todays issue of the
I swear, they cant leave me alone. Its like, back da fuck up!
It looks like it, I am not a hundred percent positive
Dodd! Frank!
Will our history pre-2009 be available if we imported it from Dodgeball?
yep that's right
i feel so outta the loop :(
Still swimming. Don't know if I can make it. I am losing hope.
YOU TWEET
blowin my phone battery is low , phone turnin off bye :p
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at PCH! Lesson with Sam and Kate! DJ Sam! Kate and Nate will also start a June session of Intro to Lindy at 7 :)
Reading about exhibition evaluation. I feel like I'm back in grad school (and that's not such a bad thing).
If everyone in America had a product or skill of value to offer, we wouldn't need welfare. Alan Jackson is a "Singer of simple songs."
It has! I'm going to start using the carrying cash idea and start leaving my cards @ home. Thanks so much for sharing your story!
NASCAR costs: $3 million a year to field a Truck Series team. $5.5 million for Nationwide. $18 million in Sprint Cup.
Nope I got it streaming via the canadian feed on the laptop haha. I'll show you a picture of my multimedia multitasking
Last night's #SpaceGeeks tweetup rawked. I heart the planetarium. Can't wait for tonight.
i hate being done dirty....especially by someone i love smh
So my hair looks black instead of brown ahh :/
Such a great night! Soulard is going to be awesome this summer!
YES. Education was a second chance for me. Great meeting you yesterday.
What's the most interesting / clever cover photo you've seen on Facebook?
#PrettyLittleLiars = Best Show Ever
Thanks Klout-givers! So honored! Sincerely.
The API is back to normal. All requests, including those utilizing WebHooks, are up and running.
President Obama just flew over my house
Damn it i always end up liking you again. Why
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance. ~ Plato
: Belated congratulations to you and Grishu! :-) Great contribution!
MPAA plagued with issues. but R-rating is short-sighted. RT : Re: #Bully doc. Impact on public trust in MPAA ratings board?
Think the title of my next one person show is I'M ALWAYS PLAYING IN BASEMENTS
alex just saw that! lol was it god??
The #Bruins are 4-1 in overtime games in the playoffs. I'll take Tim Thomas over a rookie goaltender. But need a better period than 3rd.
Heading to an exclusive launch party for a beer brand in Seattle today. Pretty exciting!
So proud of our dance club kids! They danced so well. I am so lucky!!!!
Yeah, it's good stuff! :)
sure, but that only works for your immediate neighbors. You would want a wider net if your dog ran away
of whom are you discussing?
Many thanks!
Always a treat to see Old Aches & Pains on the wall.
The three tho sigh I'm not much of a wing man tho
Hey make sure your paper is finished. He is collecting them at the beginning of class.
consider investing in a self-inking stamp
My big toe keeps me balanced. I just wanted to say I love you big toe. ^.^
#c4l12 REST precon - real diversity in the group - different skills and experiences. Good times.
Finally! I've always hated thinking about offense. Welcome, Peyton! Our new starting QB and OC.
Some of the songs on pandora. I mean really I have never heard of this person in my life. I don't wanna listen to some weird crap. Smh
stupid but plz join
you mean it's *GASP* another sign of best buy being behind the times?
Applebees commercial... "the taste of burbon street". Their marketing team has never visited, or honest description of food quality?
There is really a BBC documentary called "Steve Jobs: Billion Dollar Hippy."
I'm just saying in general. It's annoying seeing people bitch about it when it could be so much worse
ok sounds good
Headin to tha pad ..tired as hell ..
ayooo! gonna make your mom go bankrupt!
Gabe York played in one game in an adult league during the season is violation of Southern Section rules and has been suspended
your a fucking asshole :/ I cant believe I actually wanted to be with you, smfffh!
Don't spend your whole life holding on <3 #BoysLikeGirls <3 :)
Looks like I'm gonna start watching now that my fave will be on it! So excited!!!
#80sMusic in the car on the way to the beach...
Will wholesome making genious happen
Feeling a bit guilty. I served cake made with coffee at a casual Mormon gathering. In my defense, I used decaf. And it was amazing.
i absolutely could have pictured him cracking that one.
By the way, there's no reason watch "The Walking Dead" finale right now. If you need a zombie fix, I'm pretty sure Xavier's center is one.”
well played
RT : We all attempt to seek comfort for outside sources then feel guilty when we lose something we've neglected
On the road with #mcdm-ers and , talking social media engagement strategy with in Raleigh, NC. /avc
im so jealous! I want adventures. D:
Ellerman on News Corp: This level of attenuation in connection b/t bribe & business advantage for news reporting is obstacle to FCPA charge
something like "don't judge a book by its cover, because it's just a cover" Hahahaha :)
I should slap you for even saying that.. You dont understand how stupid you sound
Wants sleep! Rawr. I feel like crap. I miss Aaron's arms. I want to cuddle!! >.< GRR. I don't like nights by myself. :/
no news isn't always good news :(
It's called a French kiss, bc the French have the time, and lack the shame to do it on every st corner. Get a room y'all
And a bag to throw up in... GROSS! RT : A hot-dog filled pizza crust should come with fitness training sessions.
heck yeah!
Projecting 'Refresh' classic mashup this evening
Happy Groundhog Day! This may be the first time that I could handle 6 more weeks of this weather!
you can raise her up a lady, but there's one thing you just can't avoid, ladies love country boys.
#SeedFaith... "When Something You Have...Creates Something You Don't Have."
Watching ID channel....Love these stories!
My word for the day (heavy on my mind) - I won't allow the agenda of adults to get in my way of helping kids!
topr all day
TuneIn Radio app. It's a lifesaver for am stations indoors. Plus hearing stuff from all over world.
Now you could go get some good coke lol ": Thank you to everybody for spending your hard earned money on PPV last weekend.
its going sorry for late reply just buisy i have sick bikes that im putting out so gotta make sure my guys are on it:)
We are more than most will ever know
We're #22 on the charts! Thanks for helping!!
BAA's Admitted Student and Family Orientation- Thursday March 15, 6-8 pm at BAA. We look forward to seeing you there!
the yankees arent the only team in the world man gotta open your horizons
Once again....I have my own apt, my own car, Im certified, and working on my own job...what part of independent dont they get?
and don't forget the one in SF!
Such a cutie right??(:
can't play now out and about. Will be on later. What's ur psn?
ha ha believe me, I know. I was struggling to keep up and y'all were sitting pretty up there. *shakes fist* ;)
That also factors in the shrapnel backlash of the Bush Administration as well.
"Create your own" 6 pack + little bit of finance homework + Brewers baseball = solid, yet productive Friday night.
When software eats everything and every company is a software company, strategy follows data.
oh, i thought you meant you slept ALL day and just woke up at 6pm today!
Less than ten minutes to support 's Zero Hour program! Go, go gadget dialing fingers: 414 799 1917!
I love visits from so much! 😊❤
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because of #theleg!!!
me personally I'd say MIAMI VICE - but I'm in the minority due to everyone else's being wrong
I know! I folded like a steak quesadilla...I forgot to hit a lot of ppl up! :(
thank you i love you
. And lo, students & administrators collaborated w/creativity inherent to overwork and procrastination:
Is it really all that great without me? I really want to know. Was it really that easy to forget me?
Even back in the 1960s, I would ask the poster artists, “Hey, aren’t you going to put the year on there?” Sam
we also gotta pray she stops using lOl that looks like a plate and silverware next to it
Vocally revisionist priest spends the afternoon and evening helping to feed 150 homeless men
RT : SIMPLY PUT: "Success begins with can failure begins with can't"
Yoo brotha hope you have a happy birthday!
its not : Oh My God Becky , Look At Her Butt ... Tunechi . Itz : Oh My God Mikey , Look At Your Abs ... SEXYY !
ah thanks
that far away? mine is everywhere, I look in the mirror and get amused sometimes
I'm excited too.
#1DonICARLY #IGoOneDirection Go Gibby omfg Harry Sam and Zayn. Loved iCarly so funny and best episode ever!!! I love the boys
Same here RT : Blessed! I forgot I got paid today....mainly cuz all my bills are paid and NO more carnote! 😃😁
Usually, yes. Considered doing it this morning, then considered again. Getting the rhythm is key.
I would too bro. But he isn't a premier passer. He will get 2-6 Assists and that isnt enough to make up for his efficiencies as a
Thanks:)) What a catchy tune
Thanks for this - good read! Bonus: a 1/2 page written in German - I need the practice!
I'm really sorry, the Houston date didn't work out.
omg you would be dying right now...there are huge posters of Marky Mark in Contrabande which opens here next week, lol
I believe what my creator believes.
RT : we need an #edcamp music ed unconference soon!!
Congratulations Toronto Pearson Intl Airport! You've won my contest for the most chaotic traveling experience ever.
Is that what it suggests? Or that I don't have a smartphone? I like to think I've got a healthy work-life balance. ;-)
‎​Divine's Roller Promo-Recommend f/ acne scar/stretchmark.Skin Matrix Roller Package only 1.700 K IDR incl 5x Roller+acne/firming serum.
I am in town, working & available anytime. I prefer climbing by bicycle but rock climbing seems to be fun!
Thank you so much means the world to us!
Great day in Orange County talking about the importance of life-long learning & personal development. Never stop working... on yourself!
Oh snow flurries in the A. I can count the snowflakes. 1, 2, 3, 4 ... awww, it's over.
yep shww did
Thanks louis! 🙏
ATL - Thursday night 7p - 10p. Be for karaoke and spoken word. You WILL have a great time. Guaranteed!
Tnx for the follows and mentions!
Thank you all so much for making this an amazing birthday!!! Love, Gil
Thanks for the follow John. We love #Colorado and #Startups. Hope you're well.
I saw a pic of you writing "SLAYER!!! on some kid's arm. You fiend!!
Shaving your legs with no soap or shaving cream #notagoodidea.. Legs are burning!😡
I just had the longest day of the last 2 months. Life sucks so bad sometimes
#sljsummit transliteracy: inquiry-centered engagement with information in all its forms & creative production of knowledge & understanding.
#SAVOR 2012 is in 50 days. I guess I should start preparing. What's that you say? It's ? Perfect
To prevent future issues like it, yeah, it does need to be seen.
Three....three people....three people dead and many more after watching such a stupid film!
you should follow & tweet me because yolo.
Me and my bros will be at Society NightClub shutting down pdx tonight.
4 EYED REDHEADED JEW
Game time! After one no score.
IMA program is the way to go then. I'll hopefully be locked in a slot by Dec. I'm over them, but expect to go over once more
where you at
RIP Earl, I'm going pick all night in your honor
Great day w/ my folks in Austin for surprise visit! patio chatting > coffee at Mozarts > dinner at Mandola's > peacock watching > Flipnotics
paul walker aiint bad lookin at all
..themselves." Yup.
I hope you feel beyer and I hope the storm isn't that bad...
it's my birthday... Lololol even though you'll never see this
We are working on a website for HelpALibrarian to make it easier to submit questions to the group. It should be ready in Sept!
I think we have to work smarter. Alwarys having to prove that we know what we are doing and what we are talking about
I forgot what 7am in NYC was like...such interesting people.
I miss you so bad.
I gotta go to work in da morning smh
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. Albert Camus
Hahaha!! That's so wrong!!
Is the caffeine still in effect? I know the 60-degree day is over :)
Good morning everyone(:
I hate that fag !
will be cheering runners on from a water station - thanks!
More on survey fatigue... mentioned in the article was Satisfaction: A Behavioral Perspective on the Consumer” (McGraw Hill, 1996).
18+ tonight! and you got you on the list! RT : Put me on! What's the age?
I think I had one too many vodka and coke drinks... But they are so good!!!!
“: All the shit you put me through and I still care about you 😒” story of my life!
hey bitch
need Twitter Facebook YouTube or Reverb promotions? contact phone/email [ 916 877 4676 | ]
haha it's kind of true!
cameras stay loaded and charged!!!
hopefully! And you better get a 100 on yours too! Yours is so good! She should like give you extra points since it's naill :)
if I ever had a chance to meet I'd probably freak out at first,but than you'd get to know that I'm the awkwardest person alive
Happy New Year! Go for merch! Get out of the cold!
I now have an android. I have stepped to the dark force of smartphone. #new era
People frustrate me!!!!
haha, well yeah...
Jermaine getting kicked off for that reason is total bullshit. American Idol, that's YOUR loss, not his!
Let&#39;s Make A Deal: How Parents Can Make the Most of Their Money
March Madness in full effect!
tmw is TODAY!! Can you PLEEAAASSSEEE tell us the deta
#earlyrelease today.....#kids are home already.
why cant I retweet your tweet?
Idk where steves been... females i know been thinkin like a man.. or tryin to at least! Lol
Most beautiful hour of the morning.
At work ugh working at mcds
"Money is the ROOT of all evil!" Do you believe that statement is true?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
wanna do a triathalon...#ambitious?
I #miss first grade when losing your teeth was considered
Janelle I'm sorry about Jacob
love your name!
totally brought up your awesome job search w/ my loyola students 2nite. Needless to say...I think they were impressed!
Catwoman could totally get in there though! Watch out for supervillain burglars!
-- ask jackie where she got the magic raspberry ketones
Stop by booth 426 at #ASCD12 at 2:35pm for a chance to win a Kindle Fire and learn about the partnership with Total Reader.
#IWonderIf you would follow me if you saw this .<3
just got our Home Opener Tickets!!
I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with
if Manning burns us ... My hate for him will go unmatched
alot of people are in the same position now
I wanna play twister
Turns out school didnt burn overnight :'(. Someone did my Research Project :D Loving life noww
#fridaylistens Undone by Karin Slaughter - enjoying getting to know the characters.
I love having clean clothes, but hate doing laundry :/
Like I was just standing in line behind her & I had 2 F21 bags cause I was holding 1 for my sister. I also had alot of money in my (c)
Thnx2mydad 4 buying me a ferrari, hiring someone 2 read me the newspaper & having Nike design my own pair of kix
Thanks for that. I do think books are wonderful, and obviously you agree. What kind of stuff do you write?
my style inspiration is !!! Her style is so girly and pink and i love it!!! :)
model figure or not tho, everyone should be happy in their own skin,
he saw a pig fly RT : im bout to completely cut drugs and drinking out of my life... officially
Thank you for the RT on #pdxmayor poll.
Feelin this new Brandy song❤her.
Follow back fam
yup, true
RT some girls are so bitchy! grow the fuck up and learn not to say bad things about people. AGREED!
hahah u are cute by no
Interviews: e-mail following phone or face-to-face interview is key. Dont just say thank you, be specific on your qualifications, interest.
wats good bro
Who has a top hat i can use for this video!?
#thoughtsduringschool when does this class get out? *looks at time every 5 minutes*
you are officially back in the friendship circle of trust.
this season of the #BiggestLoser should be called the Biggest Babies. Final five are pathetic, ungrateful
How awesome! I hope so! Best of luck in whatever it is.
Cheers! xo
Email me: Esther at outside dot in, I'll explain.
Employ or Destroy.
Can't sleep smh
After a week of command line battles, I have brew and node.js finally built and running. It's a crazy new world.
