Twitter, Facebook, & MySpace were created for people that love to talk, teach,& learn, & that are also not shy, & that love to be in groups.
“: "I gotta love jones for your body and yo skin-tone"” 5 min alone/ aready on the bone..
is downgrading rewards for premier customers next year. Researching other airlines' reward programs. Any better ones?
Get excited for the finals! Free drink for members + all new signups! See you tonight, 7:00pm, at !
Looking forward to the schema.org workshop tomorrow in Mountain View. Its exciting to see more and more structured data on the web.
Me:Hey look at the bald guy with the afro! Them: (`__`) where !? Me: Lmbo Them: (-___-)
sorry guys I'm pretty booked up with a lot of cool stuff right now. I'll prob be free like June...?
“: Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.”
thanks for partying with us! We can't wait to see the pics!
Omg im from Chicago♥
A parent who abandon their kids does by choice RT Don't take it personally Nothing other ppl do is cause of you. Its cause of themselves.
36 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
nope. George michael
That Rihanna guy is doing your favorite sings at the #grammys right meow
There are some interesting changes going on that I never would have predicted! Changing geography doesn't necessarily solve the problem...
Great pre-show interview w the incredibly charismatic on his tour bus. Thanks for spending some time w us- enjoy dc!
What...is...happening in this game?!?!
hope the site jobs you gained are helping. Are you purely freelance and able to work around conventions? Because the man owns me.
Heart great shoes!!
Thx everyone that came out to rock and support us last night at Evil Olive. It means so much to us. You guys R O C K!
3 things I've learned at school : texting without looking , sleeping without getting caught , teamwork on tests
is that a good thing?
I'm only 3 minutes into the Vow & I'm crying.
Thrilled to host at our DC office for their holiday party tonight. Great organization.
Have fun! You're gonna love it! Foie-sting!!! RT : super excited for a night off (WHAT?!) and dinner at !
I just talked with a junior as he walked into the library for the first time. Very interesting.
I will be there Memorial Day Weekend. Have auntie a glass of ciroc waiting for me lol
Congratulations to the Yankees. Interesting team charged A-Rod in the celebration. Says a lot for the respect the team has for him.
Just a word of warning. A while back I had some nice things to say about I take them back. Good interface, zero customer support.
i have listened to the Red River Blue cd for about 3 hours now! how about a hell ya? damn good music sir
The holidays are upon us! Do you have holiday travel plans? Or are you staying in town?
Enjoy it! As a Midwestern transplant in LA, I miss thunderstorms so badly! It never storms here.
Dear self: today all of my smiles won't be fake.
Tonight's party is gonna be funn. (;
hey how are you doing?
There isn't much I have to say, that I wouldn't rather just shut up and do....
Favorite client comment of all time. "You guys rock hard on steroids, Jack, and a bunch o' groupies from South Carolina." :)
Ready bro DM the details or .. Hit my phone bro RT : What up Wallo? Got a couple dates for u to spin during
Not a bother at all. Contact He'll get you taken care of.
Exciting! What are you basing it on?
Free sushi! Love the place on Salem Street!
In need of new music . . . Any suggestions?
Ancient pimps of Babylonia had: A chief queen and various concubines. Pimping has been on a downward spiral since then
I CANT TAKE THIS SOMEBODY BEAT THE HELL OUTTA TRIPLE SHIT PLEASE
And you too! May all your dreams come true! Luv u all!
I've got a man-crush on Leonard. Wish he were a Bull.
hi do love soccer but no
The Amazing Spider-Man 'Caught in a Web' Promo Photos
Coffee with heavy cream oh yess
I was put in a commercial today during apc!! Totally not ready for it.
About to watch the movie "Hurricane Season" with Phyllis... It's great to have a night to relax... I hope this one is good!
Any chance you will be at the Bazaar on 4/14? Got a b-day reservation and would love to meet you.
You can't really trust anyone a 100 % ...
Trapped by the stopped train on Frankfort. Had to cross the track in dress clothes with others. What a sight!
House Show at the Funny Button in the University district, April. 9th. 543 8th Ave Ne, Seattle, Wa 98105.
Wish someone would text me.....😏
I can't find a Yoga place I like. I am trusting that when it's the right one, it will just feel like home when I am there.
Does anyone know a good and reliable snow plow driver for hire?
you too Taylor! What's your next big thing? Now it's on to the #ISUM11 afterparty for me...
RT : RT : Today's date has more singles than a stripper's waistline.
Brunch specials tomorrow: lamb sausage scramble w/ dried cranberries, sheep's milk feta, & fresh kale. M!
How have YOU been, bestest friend in the whole wide universe?! ;D. Btw, is there any way you can text me? Just wondering.
Please remember we cannot take your recycling in plastic bags. They gum up the recycling processors. Thanks!
Good morning Milwaukee! 8 days until taxes are due & we have trusted, local accountants ready to help! They bid, YOU win!...
26 assists for #Nuggets tonight. George Karl wants at least 25. Only 11 turnovers. Great ratio
I'm holla at tryna get whole #TRINALANA to cum out to the #DUDLEYBOYZ VIDEO SHOOT WIT
😂 fatty-Mac-fat fat!
want to goto bed, really don't care about your SQL Server. Yes I can melt faces with my DB knowledge, but I really want to go to bed now
& THE WINNER FOR THE BIGGEST FAMEWHORE GOES TO: SELENA GOMEZ!
Why do ppl steal other ppls tweets? Just RT you thief?
Bored, very bored :(
Grow your client base! Make lasting connections! Improve conversion rates! Measure success!
So bored and tire. . .
cotto also does it cuz he wants that 10 mil.... Haha he knows he wasn't gonna win
Just waking up,, ah
It's officially the last minute! There are 30 minutes left in the voting day - polls close at 6PM. Call 327-VOTE so you know where to go.
what kinda splash do you use? Im in the market for a new one!
Work from 2-6 and then out with friends later :)
Lets do THIS the TONY way!")
Just signed up for my Twitter Developer account!
New blog post: garlic-sage potatoes. I'm in!
awh look taylor looks SO KEWT.
MAD empowered. I even drew boobies!
: "I got all the woodwinds up in this butt". Me: "all I heard was the baritone oboe"
story of my life. !
The awkward moment you called someone then they just say "you spelled my name wrong haha"
Me, of course ;)
Thomas.gov has legislative info from LOC
we're oscillating.
Pneumonia is a great way to lose five pounds if you don't mind things like death
RT : Always think infinite possibilities!<=TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!! Love your presence Mr.
We've long since forgiven you for trying to secede, losing the Alamo, and giving us "W"...so yes, the $ would be worth the same.
#StrangeClouds is the only thing i've been listening to for the past 3 days.
Looking for some suggestions of "Good Friday" songs to sing or play on ocarina. Any favorites?
I have no service in Dallas from last night at about 8 PM. What is going on. Not very happy
What Im Up At 2:40 !
Too good not to repost here. From FB: "Mommy, look! There's email on the grass!" — friend's son, pointing to newspaper at end of driveway
April is Stress Awareness Month- how do you handle your stress?
thanks for supporting our event and RT keep it going1
This was really fun. I added so many cool books to my already huge TBR list. Even if I don't win, I already won!
thinking good thoughts...
If you don't already, follow & ! The Kinetik Tour is coming to a town near you!
surprised our cable is still operational after some of lightening strikes in the area
...Your feasts be yummy, And fill your tummy,
It wont hurt to put Quinn in
Like in my opinion, I hate to say it but the only good performances were RNG and .....8 flavas.
And yes its now art
we enjoyed your performance!
Eric Wedge's pitchers turned a 7-run lead into a tie game in one inning. Bunch of
Mumbai Bistro is open today!!
Wonder if she will ever have the courage and...
hahaha Oh god
Thanks ump! :)
S/o to thanks for the follow boo. :)
Our shish kabobs were amazing! I think I'm going to have to arm wrestle Ellie for the leftovers.
"Home is a sanctuary for me, the place where I can relax. Everyone should have the right to a safe and secure home." -- Corinne Bailey Rae
I RRREEEEEAAALLLLLYYY don't wanna get up.
a pleasure as always! Next time we'll know where the plates are kept
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up.
We r currently looking 4 couriers to contract with. We have a bunch of routes available. Please contact
YES! When are you trying to go? Rates all go down after April there. It's France, mountains, and a Caribbean vacation all in one
just went shopping for my confirmation dress for tomorrow :))
NO TOUGH GUY! JUST YOU!
a little fennel spice rub, or just toasted ground fennel will treat u nicely
Every thug needs a lady ...
Why are Triscuits SO addicting?!!
Every classic Beastie Boys song I hear tonight sounds like I'm hearing it for the first time. Incredible.
There are many sad "am I ugly?" videos on Youtube. The faces are fine but the comments are a septic spill.
Never slow down always stay focus
WOW. RT Thx 4 suggestions on Movies. Havent been able 2 see any until recently. OCTOBER BABY, powerful story of forgiveness.
Thankfully, my frustration with practice reference questions makes me want to try out real ones, instead of turning me off of reference work
Good biz! RT : so Im coming to Chicago this month apparently.
which etgar if I only have cash for 1?
It's a great day for Solar! www.greenpowere.com
“: true that and I sure get back will be so much sweeter ” going to be tough with a masters field
com systems work, please visit both Clickbank
o..aint thar hello video funny!?!
WE love you guys
IM FRUSTRATED
Will meet Jim Lehrer tonight in Victoria, Texas. Getting ready for a big profile piece running in Saturday's paper.
My Grandmother used to always say to me, "if you want something done right, you have to do it YOURSELF"
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A FAN VIDEO FOR AUSTIN MAHONE AND ALEX CONSTANCIO ? JUST TWEET ME A PICK OF YOU SAYING WHAT COUNTRY OR STATE YOU LIVE IN
So unbelievably jealous. Need. Online. Poker. Back.
follow back please?
what's your favorite sports team?
If you try to have good positive thoughts every day then good positive opportunities will present themselves to you.
Baby birthing 101
your new album is... amazing. congrats!
Dear Twitter, I'm abusing you. </3 love, the person who barley tweets.
Had a blast in CA...can't wait to see my fam!
Wrapin myself right under the bed cover n
me too bro ;D
Need some much awaited sleep.. Goodnight💤
"IF I SEE THAT PUPPET DOWN THERE OMG" "its down there waiting for you adele." "MICAH SHUT UP!" LOLOLOLOLOL
Out to lunch with my Momma Grandma and Aunts! 🌻
Today's special for brunch. French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote. Happy hour all day. Jumbo Bloodies $5.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Waikoloa Beach & Kings' Golf Course!
Thank you so much for an amazing trip to Japan!! The whole flight was amazing, and the staff was so nice and attentive.
Free earl motherfucker.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another. ~George Elliot
Mahalo for the tweet!!! Ono is a under statement!!!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Seems ironic that WWE has so many twitter notifications during their programming. Almost like they just want ppl to tune in but not watch
We do have some gang activity but the local media doesn't really report on it.
When a person looks at you then looks down it means they really like you
Thank You! It means alot yo
I love those Milton Brew Sox. That ice is quite warm at this point!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! What are you thankful for this year? Post it on our wall!
Life is not waiting for the storm to end. It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
I FOLLOWED YOU ON KEEK ALREADY!? Like when you first got one! Does it still count? PLEASE?❤
bitch. threaten to slap me one more time and im going to beat the living shit out of you. i aint playing your games anymore dirty hoe!
just a joke to a joke, if you were serious, I am too ... :-)
Magic keep getting and wasting opportunities.
Someone please bring me nyquil. :(
I think EMC just set the market price
is it good? I haven't read it lol
Lost mynumbers text me
Really thirsty for something;)
Just had a room full of students who stayed after school to get their essay done. Makes me smile to see motivated kids.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there. Hope you all have a wonderful day!!
Our patio is open so you can finally get some vitamin D! No more bad weather, but we can serve you a dark & stormy cocktail!
What does GOING GREEN mean? At CHI/YoungEnergy, Inc. it means to help conserve, save money, and save our planet while creating jobs.
Warren Buffett remains optimistic about US future. www.tncnews.com
Pft ima beat both of u guys up!RT : fuck her up please
City Of 👼
Mom says we got your box!!
Prince Peter Kropotkin (W. Morris befriended him and let him use the Kelmscott Press) on the importance of food to a successful revolution.
I just downloaded the app. Good surprise and delight opportunity that would help drive usage: reward initial use with 500 FF miles.
wow! Really? The last few songs are the highlight. "lounge Act" might be the best song ever.
Thanks for the RTs!
Ready for todayy.
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, yet no one seems to leave.
I'm thankful but I want something closer
Having someone there to comfort you when you really need it >>>
Tonight had suspiciously easy discussion about getting access to site to excavate.
these niggas keep looking at me. yeah, they like my gangsta walk
yea I get it, but again that sounds like you're saying green day Isn't good? Haha
I hope he was literally singing. (hi!)
James Stephens~ Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
we only got one more day of testing
I met some great people at #CTIA from
hey, you are welcome
Stressin hard praying God gives me the strength 2 mak it thru these next few months
Hell yeah! Fuck that
Just my luck... I'm at a symposium sitting next to the web-streamer!
Run hard, be strong, think big!
it's okay:) xx
I hate when you feel the hurt of a broken relationship everywhere, even in the palm of your hands..
I didnt cause not all mfkin foreigners can afford those in other fkin countries.....
I miss Luke Scott
Thanks for asking ;)
I've calmed down now :)
Just lost 40 degrees and I have a driveway to shovel off tomorrow. Yup, I'm back in Ann Arbor.
I planned to really knock it out of the park today. Oh well -- always tomorrow.
Go out to the Merced County Fair this weekend and visit the Ford display. Check out the 2010 Mustang GT and 2010 F-150! Ford. Drive one.
#nowplaying jamie foxx-can i take you home
My shins are in soo much pain omg...can't wait to get home to ice them down...
We've all had boring jobs that are meant as a way point to a real life. Nick is no different.
It's #JustRead Monday!!! Reading anything??
Thanks!! RT “: Happy birthday !”
this is a test
Huntsman supporting Romney...POLITICS! If you believe Huntman's previous comments...this is just POLITICS! What do you think?
Let's go you got this!
how was ur day?
I <3 my #FrappyHour baristas at the Liberty Lake ! They make me laugh and smile. :-)
For those who don't live in So Cal and can't receive our clothing, we apologize and appreciate your patience.Website coming soon for you all
Training is always good :) myself, recovered 90% & still soaring high on marathon endorphins :D Any races on the docket?
I don't even feel like getting up for school today.
hey girl,did u get any kind of answer from her?? Can't wait for ur next part!!!
Allergy season: when I barely have time to take a breath before sneezing again.
For those of you that aren't aware , haven't tweeted much lately..Twitter now blocked at work. Try to catch up with y'all on my days off
Everyone go follow these accounts right now!! and :)
i feel like doing the "Soul Train Line" in the frozen foods aisle at Pavilions. ya think anyone would notice?
I hate when people think there better than everybody esle
Home sweet home ☺ time to go MIA again
Pass-happy Badgers | Move inside NU 30 | Clay run to red zone |
Yup, just farted bc of how hard I blew my nose... #I'mOld
Shout me out an i will shout you out back!!
#CaseyAnthony yep, verdict by midday to late afternoon tomorrow.
Sometimes in life you just have to let things go, forgive, love and move on! Life is to short and you never know when your time is up.
Seeking angel investors for Hot up coming recording artists projects!
#CUSE fans need to follow help get the support goin and show him how much #CuseNation fans want him playin in 315 next year!
what song should i Sing?
Don't forget this Halloween weekend that all the ghosts go, "BOOze!"
haha I'll see what's good
Big day ahead. I'll be busier than a cucumber in a woman's prison! ;) x
I will not be working for We discussed it but talks ended when I couldn't explain what it is I do.
Good morning. What's for dessert?
Please don't compare them to RHCP. Pick up the self-titled album... my 5 year old's fav song's Spacegrass. Won't tell him whasbout.
With the growth AMS has enjoyed, we've decided the time is right to revamp our website & add a new blog feature. Stay tuned!
ok well it's 911 and ask for drop the soap David that's me lol
Yeah I love to cook..
- Sounds great. Let me know if you tour in NYC.
ha! I hope you are right. Still missing 10,000 ingredients (words). May have mixed in wrong order too.
We want Rappistburgh
Merry XMas Everyone!
RT : What gives me hope for this country is my straight friends are just as excited as I am about President's announcement.
Yes! RT : Congratulations to General Hospital, winner of the Writers Guild Award for Best Daytime Drama! Watch #GH!
anyone have a blue pen they can teleport to me? lol..
As much as my liver thinks otherwise, I wish I got my shit together to go to #sxsw this year.
Happy Birthday to ! Love you twin! :)
consistency is the key...gettin a WWTWL record will put us at the top of that table if we could keep that up
Ease up... I don't want you!
RT : Love Break! What do you love most about you? Tell yourself, and receive that love.
In parking garage sipping my coffee. Might need to head to the library.
Hate to state the obvious but this isn't the Olympics.
Thank you! RT
I know omg sigh plus like your island is like super far hmm what shall we do
me and Derek sharing a moment to It's been a good might
Good times with my mom and Cody!
I feel you.
RT "Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
I am originally from Memphis so I know how Memphis Q is!
I feel like I should start tying people to chairs and explain myself more often
Where the hell did Cameron go?!?!?!
Follow me I follow you back xD
:) thans dude<3 eat all the cookies yet?;)
It's that time of the day when I really need to find pictures of adorable animals.
Oh no doubt! Will do.
i don't see it
Interesting. I UNDERworked it. Better aftr lots of kneeding, whn it got dry & silky. Drunk's fine, tho. I was, practically.
'cole just said she going to prom in a tiara and thong! I need counseling
Some bullsh*t we have a following limit ..
Apparently we're ordering Mayweather/Cotto in the hope that Floyd loses. This seems like a fruitless & expensive endeavor.
I am just checking in Russell and seeing how the new year is treating you.
asdfghjkl Stefano.  Excuse me while I fangirl.
Hahahaaha yeah I hangout with them all the time.
Bell starts: I'm going to focus and learn something! Half way through bell:soo tired..Can't stay awake Bell rings:All my energy is back!
drake concert?
I now have a "Trending Articles" feature at the top of my Facebook news feed. That's...new.
Thanks for the mentions and !
Brutal call by the officials. That's not a playoff foul in the 4th quarter. 76ers got a gift.
Next up is "Courage 336" by Andreu Honeycutt, a dance set among government enforced uniformity when one dares to be
Grind'n “: If a guy starts to like me right away, I automatically assume there is something wrong with him”
Good Morning. Happy Derby Day!
thank you! Check out my band. www.mevsmyself.net
Stop throwing beach balls on the field
. wow, just saw new ad. April 1st, eh, it is a joke right? So sad. Von's FTW. You must be hurting really bad to pull that.
Just a reminder that Grease will be selling out. Get your tickets now...
That's the only reason I'm interested in participating in local politics but have no interest in state or national office.
Wow, it's going to be close to 70 in Indy early this week! Looks like we'll all be out on the trails, enjoying this while it lasts!
Your math prof has a Phd and 8 years of schooling on you, stop being an asshole and trying to tell him he's wrong every 5 minutes.
Thinking of you, your family, and the Kudro family. I pray God gives u comfort, peace, understanding, & love. <3
Straight burner
S/o to my new followers..and Happy Friday! A lot of people in town for HU homecoming..WELCOME!! Have a safe weekend..im going out to play!!!
Right there with you, Donna.
apparently we are visiting Doris on Sunday. Is she there?
all those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
translated, when my friends send me texts in characters, I either don't receive the text, or receive a random letters/numbers
Interesting that you do that, I've read that the mirror trick is sometimes helpful. Do you think I should try it with my kids?
: I assume u already RTed this? MT : RT this to win "Walk & Talk:West Wing Reunion" script
GL to Nick Woodward | Final 9 of the #GUKPT Main Event today | Nick represented Notts and finished 6th for £46k |
Does anyone kno if tha comedian lunelle has a twitter bkuz she dumb funny.
Just you babydoll ;)
it's all part of the ruse - muahahahaha
Whats the worst thing to do to a blind person? Leave the plunger in the toilet.
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day ladies.
I'm on my way lil mama
Realest Quote of The Day So Far.
Those are the symptoms but what can we do to cure them. I say schools are the key, get students to Austrian schools
Speaking of... The WWII memorial is way too fascist looking for my taste. Why use the iconography of Albert Speer? Defeats the purpose, no?
What are frozen hot pockets called? #they'recalledhotpockets
It's not this account though!
yes that better to sleep untile tonight we have one more night duty ....
Yep...I was talking about that earlier this evening. Some of the smoke may make it here, not as bad as 2011, though...
i do a lot of dumb things
just got ur vm. on my way to #novacowork now. you there today? if not, i'll give you a call.
hey cuz. Miss u
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. WD
Eli Manning as the SNL Host? Kind of rough...
it must be your ass cuz it ain't your face.....
I just realized I was there for Carl Beane's first game, it was also my first game.
uuuuggghhh I hate my mom!!!!! #shehaseveryexcusetomakememad!!!!!
would you like 20 FREE bottles of Groovy Cleaner to give away on RSD??
Eff it I'm done with this
just about getting there lol. :)
Back from boating weekend in Coronado. Ck out Loew's Resort's pet-friendly policies: Our boating cats loved the marina!
What are the best Android apps you've found? How do Android apps compare to those on other platforms?
It's a long way down, just fall into place & you'll fall into me, we'll make it out, you'll see
RT : Is it cardio if you put on your swimsuit and have a panic attack? // I vote yes
GOT IT. Should I do an ebook?
hey how was ur concert :)
Kanye west one of the
Cool video guys.
Reading. It is what's for dinner.
Went to home depot for a toilet seat an I bought a new toilet. WTF
A girl can have all the guy friends she wants and you don't care. But once you have one friend that is a girl... Shit going down
on babbba boooeey Go Big Blue!!!
#stm2012 Mark zpatterson presenting the plans for eLife: a collaboration btw funders & research community to launch a research-led journal
had to play tew short back on a bitch
RT : Sponsor Spotlight: Bayer's Plumbing. They have been a Bowl for the Cure sponsor for many years. Thank you!...
The only thing standing between me and California is 21 hours and three flights.
Or Lucas.
#Kentucky over #Kansas. #College Basketball
I don't wanna brag but I'll be the best you ever had
Hello everyone , nice to be part of
Congratulations to Romney; earning $21.7 million in 2010 is great. Cutting the avg. $14,000 in Social Security benefits is BAD!
It's That Sundress Weather:)
The Biggest Sunday ever,dont forget to watch The Super Bowl Half Time Show with MADONNA on NBC tonight!
Certainly didn't end the way anyone wanted it to, but thanks for another great season! Always proud of these guys win or lose
neither of these teams move the ball like the Spurs do
That #awkwardmoment when you're in the movie theater and a scary part comes up and you're the only one who screams. haha
is exhausted by Summer Reading today.
I did sweetheart
same here, so have I. It's so sad. It's how everything is perceived. It's how society depicts how we should operate.
Now that's an idea! real dummies!
always amazing the angle these guys can score goals from.
and tea amo
Bet you that Jets would welcome the circus. Trying to steal the focus from the other side of town.
~ club penguin status ~
We should start a petition to get NASA more money and restart another moon launch program. Trampolines IN SPACE.
Mrs. Kirk: "I am intimidated by people who are Asian"
hi Jeff ^^
I don't want to waste my time
We are not portrait photographers... Unless they ask us to be! LOL!
I think the good days help ya get thru the bad....
UWGB has 3 from the state of Wisconsin on their men's basketball roster compared with 5 from the city of Chicago.
I am home sick again today
I believe those Spurs can go very deep in this playoffs. GSG!
Hi Merry, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users & engage with them Follow 2 DM?
Trying to figure out what type of computer I want to get. No matter how I build one they all come out expensive!
Great! “: Having some yummy wine.”
Thanks for the follow, and I dig your explanation for the name inspiration. Are we saved in 10 Mnths, or deeper in the doo?
congrats! Whoa;)
Finally got a bandmate to join Twitter. Everyone please follow and give him some love.
it's damn near twitter stalking
Please follow me!
Not a qudd start two my weekend.! Im offically not in the mood now.!
yes!!! U r awesome!!!! Thanks!
I was just hoping you would both let me set up your gear!
i just want a women who look 30 when she 81
Forgot to tell you did watch video you still make me cry. I know not sad stuff but so proud of you!! I can't wait to see you!
Ok, maybe...but I took you for the kind of gal who dated weirdos in high school.
Nickelodeon should have more just so I could see Jesse Daley more. (:
nfl draft today who will be the #1 pick what's your thoughts...
So I guess Emily gets the boot?? Thanks commercial.
So my brother(he's 20) decides to wake me up, cause I fed his cat! And starts cussing me out . Then is immature and takes my iPad ! Okay ?
Be fearful of the Lord. Be fearless of the world.
Fatmata & Mariama Kabia C'12 are empowering young girls and encouraging literacy with Memunatu Magazine in Sierra Leone
& I am following your thoughtful blog! Thx for sharing!
All of my dishes are clean and in cabinets. I'm never eating again.
I just want to let u kno u confuse tha shit outta me wen I see ur Profile pic douche
#Insanity tonight?
lmaoooooooooooo, gotcha! RT oh neither is ok for ME...I meant for her
I'm frustrated we together right now
I understand our Support Team has helped you with your issue. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Omg!!!! I'm tired of seeing these black friday commercials already# SMDH
Prevailed on a half million dollar summary judgment motion. Happy Friday!
Looks like we're adopting an 8-yo Weimaraner *and* a 3-month old Terrier-Rotty mix this week!
Friedman arguing that taking emails out of context is a "falsification".
cat fight lmao
Looking for Security bloggers
ever. i'm sure it's a small piddling number given how poor i've been at maintaining it.
Sumtimes we focus so much on what happens after we die that we forget how to
ME TOO. So close!
designing lights like a boss... dats wats up
whenever I Skype with , the aliens from Signs break into the call. Closest corn fields are Trible B. I'm heading over.
i will!
tell me about it.
I choose to finish writing scripts and damn near had to make a mad dash for the rest room...
Somebody is mad!
Geeking out/met THE Claudio Sanchez, got signed copy of Second Stage Turbine Blade, offered him licensing deal on next film
thanks for the fan shout out! Love you and your basketball skills. You made my heart race every game. #Twolves playoffs next year
good morning Dylan! :) <3 you
Finally got my chocolate!
Really have no clue what his value might be. Like most everyone else on the block, his contract makes a trade challenging.
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does NOT grow branches until it is 75 years old!
i need 20 shots! my brain is fried! cant wait!
Oh girl,thanks (: you are too! <3
The Beginin Of Errting Is More Lyk Ur First Tym On A Bicycle. U'l Flop A Dozen Tymz But As Soon As U Get A Grip Of It U Becum Ur Own Bozz
Yes. My 2nd fav place to get away. 1st is the white mtns of NH. Serene.
nice day to be at the stadium we are right behind you. Go !
No! RT : am I the only repeating "hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball" anytime a Packer has it now
We all feel terrible. Except me, because I'm still young.
Mr Martin, what exactly is dumb about her statement?
You are so awesome! What an amazing concept! You need a Twitter handle for them! I will Pin to Pinterest to share. Cheers!
I thin it's my best.
Marketers must be involved in “revenue generation.”
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe!
Looking forward to watching your piece on this Sunday.
RT rule ... just saying -- Tyler would know and I would agree
ahahah i dont really care i just wanted to keep telling you. It's your yahoo acct
he got completely butt sodomized.
Memoirs of a Geisha II
Why is everyone so concerned with falling in love? Just live your life and see where life takes you.
This old dude in "Game of Thrones" looks like Dio in the video for "Holy Diver."
Morning. Grateful to be celebrating another year of life today on this sunny, frigid cold day in northern Illinois.
Oh You Mean “That” Truck?… It Fell Off A Truck…”
I want to kick in the nuts. Then i want to strangle and i want to drown and
You have to post "#TheICONicThings" tweets. Look into my past tweets and you'll understand.
overheard an elderly woman in the grocery store talking about humpdashian. it transcends generations
i really want 2 cut my hair so 1 of my 4 bullies can't like he almost did 2day
you should hang out with me when i invite you
Just discovered Dirty Loops. These guys are killin'!!
your all beautiful women if your insecure.
:P Yes you will!! RT : #NaNoWriMo #DFWRhino #LMP See you at the finish line!
I love tweeting!!!!!
PitBull is the truth, somewhere Sean Paul is wondering what the hell happened!
Almost time for Shawn Page to bring his Pants Off,Dance off party to Sabbatic. Drinks? Oh F*k yes! Fun? When is drinking and nudity not fun?
#NFL Probowl #Elite!!
u get the text?
I'll be joining you with other staff tomorrow and Tuesday!
I have had two since 2pm expecting to down 2 or3 more tonight
I think a lot of people who work digitally have some pretty analog processes. Relief from the pixel realm!
say what!?
omg ik and he thought I was pretty and shit :( we have to meet him again
hope you feel better soon :)
wish you would actually talk to me about stuff..
*slurp* M M M M M *drop it like its hot*
Excited about plans for Sweet Muse to have its first pop-up bake shop Monday, Oct 26th 2-6pm at 36 West Bar & Grill
do you buy original art?
new avi is on point
Danielle from Compose the Octave will be on KOLD Channel 13 from 10:30 to 11:30pm tonight! Watch and vote for her!
Voting with somebody more than half the time is apparently the same as voting against them 84% of the time.
Huge shout out to the makers of #Visine this morning. Keeping me looking (slightly) professional.
Intramural Volleyball Championships tonight!!!
well, we can put like metal covers over the fires that have designs in them so we can send "pictures" :P
I need some kind of pick me up this weekend. Ideas?!
Looking forward to with for
keep your head up yams! Tq
Let's get social. I am looking to connect with creative minds that are wanting to develop a new norm for businesses.
Season 6 episode 15 of #Supernatural is the best episode of the series :)
I believe the Backstreet Boys said it best. "Quit playin' games with my heart."
thanks for the vote fam
Looking for more customers? Call your local #Valpak office: 317-806-7821
just like Raburn. Leyland wants to make his guys look good, never happening.
My turn to rock the miami shades in this hot weather B)
hey boo! Imma need ur address soon so I could send u my wedding invite! Omfg Annie I'm getting MARRIED!!  Lol txt me it!!
The things that inspire you in your everyday life, take action and watch how you will grow an become more closer to your dreams.
true story bro 
The great gift of the human imagination is that it has no limits or ending
Looking forward to tomorrow morning.. 8am never looked so interesting!
blockbuster offers 9.99 for 1 disc at a time games and movies sent in the mail netflix just movies in the mail.
I'm not familiar with the people behind the "Wake Up Everybody" music video.
Still Christmas Shopping
how u doing sweety
Yay it's Friday 😊
although this still is baffling to me, i do love a complement that refers to being "perfect"... #i'llTakeIt
My romancing just got so complicated! Curse you always saying the nice thing!
im in history and i want drugzzzz
I WANNA CR-CR-CR-CRY! i gotta get at least 45 followers. So broken inside :'( </3 #help ;)
slushy margaritas tonight! brunch tomorrow from 9am-2pm! ...brunch with a slushy margarita? yes please.
...and more prone to poor decision-making, and thus more likely to remain poor and to raise kids who will themselves remain poor. ..
Wanna hear from great music? Log onto Mix969.com and listen to the 's Patrick on the radio til 5p et. Dude is multi talented!
thanks for following! how are you? (: it would totally be superawesome if you also followed/listened to (: xoxo
Listened to Broke Ass Stewart on MidDay today. What a horrendous interview he was: unprepared, unintelligent, uninteresting.
I am pumped to begin asserting the new MA mechanic's liens for designers, engineers and professionals. Darned if that doesnt put a l…
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his #business before his competitors do.
Ok for all those looking for something to do tonight...in Phoenix Az. Steak Night at The Castle, 1134 W. Grant St. RKFFRK
is getting ready for an audition today AND three more demos! Love the residual income from both!
We have prizes for the first 3 people to check-in to the HP Field House on FB or 4square and come see Jameka in Section 109, Row 2, Seat 1
Looks like the boys are still tired from game 3
i hope #valsday doesn't make single women feel worthless. it's supposed to be a celebration of love, not a time to make ppl depressed&lonely
Awesome, thanks! Myself and a few developers I work with would be very interested in that.
Second! RT : Shout out to and at #HHAwards!
YES YOU WERE. YOU TOLD ME
I think those are probably the real estate pics and not what it currently looks like.
miss u 2 <3 RT: I would kill for a visit to Little Big Burger. M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries & beer. Miss u
glad to have ya back my friend!
#lions take a wr? Seriously what the f'ck! Whos gonna play defense?
Oh, tempting!
But that's *not* the original use. The blog itself is a unique record, same as an illustration in a book.
self-selection remains: "I can't do this". providing entry-level access to foster creativity is key
#IThankGod for the blessings we are about to receive. :)
Yep, it's so vague it's ridiculous
Hey Benji this is scott from California. This is my actual twitter, not using the scottjones yahoo account. This is my band.
go Andy
Date night went to go see The Grey last night. Well made movie but sad at the same time.
Further revealing our identities would not be prudent. One of us has a practically definite interview. For now, we shall remain anonymous.
Get me to a better seat z100s jingle ball
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
hahah yeah he's my favorite
Why so slow HootSuite????
People are not all the same. So live life and love everyone. Till you find that reason not to.
Come to cans bar for a few drink samples tonight. I may be on the other side of the bar for once
well you ain't got to worry about dumpin him cause the pack is gonna kick some Minnesota ass baby
So, is doing a summer tour and i plan on attending #YAY #goodthings #songsthatareinmyheadandheartforever #hye :)
": I'll keep you posted...a fall speaker in the Chicago suburbs.">>> YES! #makeithappen LOL
Delicious meals being served up by volunteers right now
congrats on the success of TLM-guess I'm never gonna get u 2 Cannes with all ur US success?!?! BTW, still eating alone....
It was good. That's all I'll say for now, but we must regroup tomorrow!!
Lol my Birthday Is Tomorrow April 24 Not Today! thanks For The 2 Early Happy Birthdays Thoe!
Double-secret probation for all gay tar heels!
Forgot my kindle. Forgot my charger. forgot my money. Forgot my drivers ed folder. Forgot my permit. Fuck.
Northbound 35 to Stillwater for America's greatest homecoming celebration!
great, innovative homes you've designed in ontario! and now they're on culturenow.org's map!
Trying to assuage the terribly shitty process that is searching for one-person apartments on Craigslist with coconut milk ice cream.
iPhone 4 on verizon - this is only news for me insofar as my 3G bandwidth is soon to be crushed. Boo.
nice, glad to hear you are back in the game
I'm going alone too! Lol
just realized is going to coach us to a national championship next year.
We missed you! Come to one of the next events we're doing with ! Today was a blast!
the obnoxious and cocky Oregon Duck
Season finale of The Virtual Zone coming up soon. Happy Friday!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. – Dale Carnegie
why is it that i get the worst nites of sleep when i need to wake up early -_- ughh...work 6-3.
12 hour workday means no work on , but now that I have 1k rep there, time to make moar edits! yay!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 93
Ugh. Good night.
Your the only thing I know like the back if my hand and I can't breath without you but I'll have to
There are the damn Clippers I love.
Yeah ): I feel bad for him.
Be fearless...a Miracle is coming
Had to curtail my bike ride at 15 miles; couldn't keep my heart rate under 160 and that was with my meds!
Rap Is My Bestfriend. It Helps Me Express My Feelings and Weakness.
People need to stop mixing religion with policy. It's driving me crazy. The United States will never truly be the land of the free.
I believe I've finally reached the threshold where I know more people going to Sundance than the people I know staying in LA. Have fun!
The MKE Pride Parade starts in 2 hours (2pm) and we are opening early for the fun! The parade runs down 2nd, right past Sabbatic.
---you are welcome ... Have a wonderfilled day!
and why is that
Thanks for the follow cutie (:
r u gonna write the chapter!!!!!!!!!:D plz say yes!!!!!!!!!!i loved the first chapter
'It's not like aacr2 was written in plain English.' -- love you, Erin!
It's very sad.
no Aaron no -_-
There are two music concerts that will always make me smile and Sibelius and has Sibelius tonight, it's a good day :-)
Alright everybody, for the 12 days of Christmas we'll be giving away different TGB merch each day to a follower or fb fan. Stay tuned!
Listening to v Georgetown with Homer and Mac. Last time I did this, I was 10, it was 77 and it ended pretty well.
Check out #Blackdaggerbrotherhood #jrward : What Should I Read Next?
currently listening to #milwaukee in #seattle.... #android Call out!
For all booking for the New Year, email offer to or text 404-593-0073 **BUSINESS ONLY** RT
They should show showrunners/writers The West Wing Season 2 finale as a how-to guide.
You are correct, he wasn't. No worries :D
sending out happy thoughts to inventor of RefWorks...on pt 2 of 3-part project...
That's how we roll!
Nice - we need to stop in soon and check it out!
Ready for mouth-watering traditional Ethiopian dishes? 50% off Fasika Ethiopian Cuisine. So much awesomeness on 1 plate....
Ugh , why is it not college football season yet ?
Had my first flat during a bike ride. Luckily, it wasn't raining and E wasn't with me.
snazzy. :) You should have strapped on a guitar and played "Sharp Dressed Man." That would've been cool! ;-)
I would not be shocked to see that by the time my 2nd grader gets to HS there is no post office!
So beat the Tarheels?! :) RT ESPN catches up with former Tar Heel Dante Calabria, now on (cont…
Blows smoke off gun
Forgot my knitting in the couch. Sigh.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY :)
Was just down in Nashville/Brown Co./Bloomington - not too far but so darn pretty! Might be a nice day drive.
fear boys...?
Thanks. Street and public music focusing particularly on Kenya/Tanzania/Ethiopia. Gull is leading it, a multi-instrumentalist.
make a trip then. memorial weekend? :)
Anyone down to go to the golf range?ill be at the one off Schaffer
I don't care what anyone says . I love <3
#somebodytellmewhy dreambighustlehard.com is so #GOOD We, have #ARTISTOFTHEWEEK #DREAMGIRLOFTHEWEEK and all the latest news
tabloids are evil.
I seriously think im invisable to </3
Having a good day and night, Anita?
17 hours, 2 planes later and we have landed in Phnom Penh!
appreciate the follow ma !!!!!!! 1hunnit
on The Score at 9:05! Check out the newest Nugget on AM1510...
Katz: Copyright Board of Canada, payment is the norm, view that money will go to good (ownership) rather than bad (use)
If you have a special 2012 prayer request let us know as we go to prayer to begin the new year!
I dont believe this ed system of its own will is going 2 change. If local control is so great y isnt it working asks Spellings
Achieved full subway zombie mode on my first day riding the Red Line.
Opening: Sophomore, The Iron Lady, Continuing: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
The social organization understands the benefits of collective intelligence. Engage your subject matter experts.
morning dollies! time to get to work today #finals are on their way :(
"Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control... I want more of You, God..."
Had an awesome time at UFC Fight Night with Dan K., Ken S., Laura M., Bridget M., Greg G., Bob C., and Daisy F!
Just started watching #downtonabbey last night. Then I had a dream that I wrote to Lord Grantham telling him how much I enjoyed his staff.
this made me laugh! so cute =}
next time follow me or else negro
' looks like one of the most difficult schedules in the league. But I know our boys are up for the challenge! Who DAT!
Oh no! That's awful. I'm really sorry. Do you want to talk about it?
That's a damn shame!!!
yes of course.
It's a video about a hippo, you need the volume on but not too loud! ;)
so sick of the meatballs calling the score. the bears suck but its not because Lovie lacks fire. Jesus Christ
Living young and wild and free
a special good night for u
I need to fast forward life to Friday at 12... Ready... GO.
70 followers? I'm actually surprised. I'm much more of a reader than a writer when it comes to twitter.
awesome! Thanks! I had put your logo and link on our sponsor page also. We're excited!
excellent. Make it so.
Corrected : Was told by source that IU beat Indiana State by 2 points. Cody Zeller played very well (in a scrimmage) for Hoosiers
I think #Voicethread has its benefits. I liked the different formats a student can post comments.
But if he does give you a second chance the use it with extreme caution!
That is ridiculous. Just like her other friends. God, I do not miss that crap. I'm sorry sweetie. I love ya!!!
Just added Birdjulius Suet Squares (cakes/blocks) to our suet product line. Really great stuff! Try a sample pack.
oh okaai i guess but hes right dont you think.!)':
You deserve better...
- Great City, if you or your friends need our Insurance services let us know! :)
Air Products to Feature Technologies That Help Improve Combustion and Lower Costs in Cement Manufacturing at 2012 IE ...
agreed! I just finished Mockingjay, so sad it's over but it was really good!
Had a pretty damn gud day :) food, drinks, weed.. got to no some coworkers.. man dar some freaks no wonder we get along :)
that's a big fat no.
oh the rain! We are dry and ready to snuggle with warm miso soup and crispy wasabi chkn with hommemade mashers. Want to cuddle?
sexy I'd hit it
Can't wait to start my own family. My family now is too fucking fucked up.
Had $32.48 billion in worldwide annual sales in its fiscal year ending Sept. 29, 2008.
Forklift Diesel Batteries Amlift Fendt Boston | Construction Heavy ...
This drive is too long.
So where is it? Can I get a link, please. To the review, of course!
I LOVE :) Good food and good company! Sounds fun!!
“: #Scorpio sexuality is strong, deep, & intense. They need a partner the same way.” me and are clearly perfect
omg im such a nerd i cant wait for the tablet....im dying!
Everything tastes green.
Thanks for the mention!
Ok, but we won't save you a beer.
I will follow your new team member
Congratulations, !! You're amazing!!
Yes the 2 are "Prove You Wrong" & "Realize." Started playing them at shows but havent recorded em yet, going to soon though.
We also got another song off the EP next week on our myspace so keep on checkin back!
wanna be like you.
#Philly, everyone should come and party with the to Zydeco tomorrow! Bonus, the drinks are fantastic. No joke.
Ooh, there's going to be a parking meter demonstration later this morning.
RT : “ Just remember that when nobody else was there for you, I was, and when nobody else gave a damn, I did.”
Oh wait.. It's not your business anyways.
Hope each of you had a great day today! Gonna get some Z's! Goodnight and sleep tight!
School time. 1 more week of it and it's over. Ready for high school.
I still like watching Living Single, Threes Co. & King of Queens. Guaranteed LOL! #offTopic 😉
Grab me tomorrow and I'll tell you the story.
RT : 8 flights arriving to Sunport have been delayed by damaging winds. 11 departing are grounded until wind dies.
lovely darling!
Five Guys is opening a location two blocks from my apartment! Today is turning into a glorious day
I don't think I be making any trips to Milwaukee any time soon. But I still believe...... Ryan Braun is still a cheater!
Good morning :) just woke up
oh my god this is so easy . My windows phone is actually faster then all of yourz. Weird
Come to Gumers to customize the perfect wedding bands! RT : 'tis the season for engagement sessions! check out these two...
we're probably going to have to take a trip there in the name of research :)
Beautiful day in #NOLA! Swirly of over to Pinkberry for a treat to make the day even brighter!
Hi im Karlton. Im in Chicago, Im also huge on the Bulls. I love everything about Chicago- Bulls, Blackhawks, and Cubs, White sox.
I tell ppl I like seeing #police on segways in Station North. Their reaction is you can't go fast on a segway. Just being out does a lot.
Dear headphones, where art thou?
the nature a la carte pic!
Tired of the same ol shyt...
greenfield morning i pushed an empty baby carriage all over the city
My head hurt I just want my man shower sex n cuddle
My dog peed on someones baby stroller.... *walks away slow and awkwardly*
damn I respect you putting it all out there, feedback from the league can't be great after these tweets
“: DID A BANGER WITH LAST NIGHT & I PROMISE ITS ONLY THE BEGINNING #WEWORCIN”
I just told u I left it even the whole night shut down completly
I feel like you and i would be good friends, even tho you went to duke and I go to UK, and even tho you have more swag than me.
you don't even have a pair of 7's so how do you know
Seattle loves Flannel any day of the week! Best wishes to Foofighters in 2012!
place it was nice but next time i travel i wanna go someplace different C:
I can't handle interlopers in Charlie's house lol
Today is quote a musical day.. For me at least.
either search good luck jane on abcchicago website or check our facebook wall when we posted it!
I'm losing my voice, it's been going in and out all day
We have a pot belly pig and I was coming through the kitchen the other night and noticed she was chewing on something. Continued next tweet
Is Calero still not ready? I thought he would be the first one promoted.
Watching don't be afraid of the dark with bro. This fucker jut knocked the maids teeth out
Such a beautiful spring day. Too bad I'm at work.
#gordonwood is killing me
nice song :D is there a iTunes Download?
these putts are killing me!!
Thanks! I'm not sure where you can see the whole match. They livestreamed it on Saturday.
Ok ..yea... so he just want his feelings hurt!
If I had a flower for every time you made me smile and laugh I'd have a garden to walk in forever ;) x
That film is so familiar to so many people, I felt compelled to take it in an odd direction. We'll see if it works.
": Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional." Amen to tht!!
me :D
those days where you just want to get off work and drink a couple beers and watch sports
..what up homie
The news just hit the wire and the word is out Jethro is the sponsor of Elite BASS Pro Brandon Card - L & G's Elvis has left the building !!
fosho!!!! im down for the mish.
very cool! Do you ever blog about things other than lit, literacy, math and science?
we're waiting on final word from regarding With the Mall construction, there may be some challenges.
iPod 4 is a straight up a MUST have! Ask Even can get a free phone# to text and talk over wifi. Best device of the century!
Wait a second, DANIEL BRYAN VS CM PUNK!!
Filipe is in everbodys head on Biggest Loser and I love it LOL.
Mark Zuckerberg is a joke. Worst executive (alleged) I have EVER seen
THAT is the big casting news?!?!
Thank you to our fans who voted in our polls on Facebook and also congrats to Rebecca! She won a free 20" pizza for having the best bracket.
still the best costume! lol
Forgot my vow to never take SuperShuttle and paying the price. DFW to downtown Dallas via Irving
Shits splattering everywhere
finally gettin some new records done!
I got your email. I got it logged in, but how can I get it to work with the saved information so I don't have to do that again
*applies fix* all better :p
thank you. My DVR is prepared.
This baby man (slaps face)
Pats D looks good - 19-0 realized?
Don't forget to join us at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts Saturday night from 4-7PM for Karaoke and the band Arrested Development.
I want a relationship but then again I don't cuz I always end up getting hurt.
Am a lil cra-cra: racing a 5k on Sat & a sprint triathlon on Sunday (Calavaras cty where the frogs jump). so much for 2 wk recovery
Guess I should prepare my sleeping bag??
wait goodbye???? Is dat a code name
and we speak English.
your fucking stupid, i hope something tragic happens to you, so you can stop posting stupid shit
should've been a T-top Trans with a full on eagle hood, doing a burnout.
": I D G A F how Sneaky && Smooth u are . . .girls find out EVERYTHING .They just wait for the right time to TELL U THEY KNOW"
Does anti-freeze affect groundhogs? Just a thought for next year.
I don't remember last nights events, but I'm sure they were epic
isn't it your bed time?! LOL
See you tomorrow!
I think Jones is back too, still
O OK DAMN SHIT FUCK ALL THE CUSS WORDS
MrSReddz is in thys bitch wit aw tha lights on .
Struck with inspiration, started designing more net zero homes.
I'm actually a wimp-only over mid-60s. My husband surfs in January at 33/34. Icicles form around his eyebrows. THAT'S dedication!
Dalas Nolar Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
thank you sir
Happy Holidays!!
THE PICKLE's first shot goes off at 7 p.m. tonight. Everyone's excited. Thank you for ALL YOUR SUPPORT. More soon! -THE PICKLE crew.
Give me an eargasm.
hahaha I just stuffed my face with homemade Chinese. Get at me bro.
Jan 1st actually -- and I'm loving loving LOVING #gluten-free. Rocked my world.
It's the work of - John Wynn -
Nice! Will definitely keep these in mind!
Which is more depressing, more people under “correctional supervision” (CS) than were in Gulag Archipelago or 1 in 3 black men under CS?
Summer please hurry up and get here. Sincerely, everyone. R/T if you agree:)
It's nice to feel human again.
Follow actress on the rise! Support support! She follows back and interacts!
Wow.... Wtf just happened... people are really bipolar in the world!
2012 NFC North Head-to-Head Schedule
How many shows, jobs, and specials have been created by viral videos?? Too many to mention.
We will be adding many Industrial machine parts to our Ebay store this weekend. Tigear-2 Worm gear reducers for 1/3 of the retail price!
: you're doing your radio show from a treehouse???
bigger than rochester
hey u should perform in newark and follow mhe plz...i will like to braid ur hair one day lol
Raph, Why would you be nervous to come in tomorrow? Would we ever make you feel uncomfortable?
I'm RT'ing the whole stream!
Thanks so much. We certainly agree with you!
yep! Just sent it
get out of here -___- bitch
Freebies at walmart-sam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun & makes a difference !
Hell yeah
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME??? YOU CALLED ME A LIAR!!! AND I WASNT!!!
start recording now!
Happy birthday!! I hope you are having a great day!
A life of Torah is a life of giving to our G-d for all He has done for us.
Agreed. Hate that i love the Harbaughs. RT : John Harbough shouldn't have apologized.
Oh, and hey, ? What a fucking shitty thing to say. Adopted kids are as real as bio kids. Shame on you.
#FridayReads Somewhere Off the Coast of Maine, Ann Hood; also recommend her newer one, The Red Thread
I guess I am too much... Shrugs
lol, what concert is it for?
and sometimes doing the exact opposite of everything you normally do is exactly what you need to do...
Got a greater purpose then a hater purpose -
true dattt, we have no lives in the summer....lame asses. Lmfao
Get ready for a new episode of #NashvilleNights tomorrow night with ! Tune in!
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.~James G. Bilkey
St Paddy's strategy success. Wait out all the drunks then go out.
Happy happy day :) I'm single hooray :)
One Jam 2011, Sunday 27, Nov. Mr Vegas In mt vernon, NYC
As these things go, it could be a lot worse. RT : Breaking: London 2012 motto is 'Inspire a Generation'
“: Life is not fair at all...”thank u.
Want to "monkey around" in Baton Rouge this wknd? Check out Cat McCarthy's Wkshps Sat. & Sun.
At NHL All-Star Fan Fair waiting to watch John Forslund interview Hurricanes super-rookie Jeff Skinner. Quite the mob scene.
yeah pool seems hella hard lol
I got to get out of the habit of jumping in the middle of a convo.
Feet on the streets today. Old-fashioned shoe-leather politics, talking to business owners, hearing their frustrations.
I really love it when code comes together. :-)
Such a long shot, but can you please please please please please please please please play Gold Dust tonight?
March Madness - Kansas State had a big lead...let USM back in it.
I don't think its a Cincinnati thing.
Funding agency req. (stick) Self-interest: what does researcher see as beneficial to work or field (carrot). and save time!
I can't believe that my baby girl will be 7years old tommorrow
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 6
everyone watch the show with i feel like i really missed out. is this what people that learned about vlogbors late feel like?
Hey guys tell all you're friends to check us out!!! :) like our page and follow us &NTGraspTX
I know a few homoscedastic people.
beanie sampling under way.. should I post a shot of the proposed headwear?
Thank You>> RT
hello twitter
<--- make sure to watch his cover of Justin bieber's "under the mistletoe" on YouTube!
Im just an ordinary person living an extraordinary life. #paleodiet day 4. I feel great and love
living in a church has been a dream forever, wish I had the $$
Why do guys try so hard to flirt with me... just be chill nigga •^_^•
When you see someone that you thought was cute,, then you find out their age :0..
I'm so in love with black raspberry ice cream! Eddies limited
This was about a few years ago, but there seems to be a large number of people looking right now. Such a difficult process!
The #alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for #ala12. I'm pretty stoked about it.
uncle Greg hates hard knockers
Productive day and now an escape from reality
just saw the set times posted, thanks!
Assholes are to be seen. Not heard.
I still think it hurts when guys get hair cuts for some reason lol.
One thing I love about Halloween? When you see ppl & can't tell if they're dressed in a costume or not...
Yep. "The more you do, the more you CAN do." --some guy I worked with said that. And he had a gimpy leg.
My dad stay commenting on my Fb
News View repeat at 12:00 AM (Midnight).
Met w/ OvrDrv today about bringing ebooks to the library. Have mixed thoughts on all of it. Wish I could fast forward 10yrs into the future.
Allergens like dust mites and mold thrive in humidity. If you have #allergies and live in humid areas, purchase a dehumidfier for
Random fact of the day: Eli manning filmed a banking commercial at my grandparent's house in Jackson, Mississippi this morning..
Either you run the day or the day runs you!
That's so great to hear!
shoot mañana yes or yes!! :)
"women have always been ... against the violence of abortion" Does Swindell know Siri is an app, not an actual woman?
morning to you
Lasagne pizza. First order at Balena!
go to bed
I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years. Still Four Normal & Humble Amazing Guys <3 (:
ps great to meet you in person.
Happy birthday to the bestest coproducer, cowriter and co-star a girl could ask for! Luv you !!
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and sittin, talking bout bitches that we almost had... -Drake
May heaven give you a gospel that listens as well as it speaks.~ David Teems
don't waste my time.
Sounds like a plan. RT : We'll join you again soon!
I'm a super cheese ball sometimes idgaf :3
I am watching Barbie With My lil sis
always a pleasure...you make it easy (always posting great content!) >>>> :)
Love the Rapha brand. When you get a few pieces of their kit, it's hard to go back down to conventional cycle gear.
Nashville really rubbed off on ya huh lol?RT : My boy Phil Phillips just killed Ushers U Got It Bad .Good stuff
pets are allowed in Europe and there is no problem in and out side love my puppee
mention :p
Thanks for your support! You're still bringing joy to my life :)
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
we are releasing an acoustic song Tom co-wrote with our friends from called "A Night Like This" ... get stoked.
is getting your #API content? I can see oAuth being a factor in their design, an #API driven feature for sure. Go Open!
Friday June 18th Muay Thai Classic XXV @ JannusLive.com - Watch it on www.strykerz.tv
You never fail to disappoint me Justin. #TurnToYou is amazing. You're amazing.
its like *snow* here in Dallas....lol...
Please can you follow me??? I just followed you!!!!!!!
FIrst time observing a #marac conference through twitter. Feels strange not to be there!
Come support PDX's independent filmmakers Nick Wells. 'Metal Messiah' starts tomorrow & the protagonist's name is Sage Negadeth. 'Nuff said?
#WhoCares if her tits are bigger than yours, You're still beautiful
Haha, yes! Like is that too much to ask! Ah, im scared i wont like the new characters they get :/
We'll see you there! RT : yes! Thank you! Ready to rock
we've just got at #hdexpo. get ready to discover all the new products fom Spain!!!
Alright well we're starting our vacation be sure to visit MyTennesseeChristmas.com to find things to do with the family!
Hrmmm...was it already cooked? That helps, but I probably wouldnt trust it.
I doubt my milkshake is responsible, but all the boys have been brought to the yard. And they look fine!
Cool. Good talk.
Would a company in philly be interested in sponsoring a top school? Maybe even in the name of our school.
dibs in 6 months!
YOU TO BOOYTFUL
what's up love?
That's great! Support your lil nephew. :-)
Mines graduation >>>>>> than ur graduation
Follow back :)
our lives are like synchronized.
I'm just gonna buy a car and enjoy the traffic with everyone else. At least I get a spot haha
Am I missing something, just read this in a craigslist post for a car - "I will not be posting any photos"
Alright Milwaukee, you need to get your shit together. This construction is ridiculous.
Going to the White House Detroit Economic Forum this morning follow event
CSR in Lonestar, TX starts today! We are looking forward to hanging and worshipping with all the students there!
Wait, what? You object to wool? I'm confused. They have to be shorn every year.
Listening to talk about song writing. She's dope
The person in front of and person behind me in line at just made a love connection. How awkward to stand in the middle.
one of my fave quotes!
can I get a shoutout for your #1 fan, my son Preston's 7th bday.
Nice Ron Paul, won't back down on Gingrich getting gubment $
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Sunny 2 Bedroom E70th St, $2350 the BEST deal you will find! Hit me up if your interested to see it ;)
I hope Lu Valentino is enjoying the -30 degree weather in Denver:))
what is FF?
ya they look very stable.
If only the #CTA would get me to work on time
hey ya gorgeos
Pretty good game, missing a special person though
TEXT ME (:
Just a little more than an hour until our Open House begins! Stop by from 3-6.
Legs are sore from the workouts! I cant even walk smh.
shipped out
DOJ says it's provided more than 7,600 docs in #Gunwalker #FastandFurious investigation and Holder testified at least 7 times.
what's the name of your vineyard? are you also making wine?
Sorry I missed this, I'm old school and can only check twitter on my computer. It was 130$ PLO, 3xx runners, 1 day
Thanks! Will do!
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is man among boys
Brewers vs. Rangers today, world series preview?
Who has a Skype table at a wedding?
Bingo. Cupid didn't build the bullpen.
9 shot lead with 3 holes left, I think it's fair to say that Rory McIlroy has this thing wrapped up
I think my dad is coming to my graduation.. :)
he was on msnbc- from wall street. he said some powerful stuff........it was great.
I want a bunny 🐰
Love falling back, but it makes for a long morning w kids.
We're happy to be a loan education & information resource for our neighbors in New Mexico. Please give us a call at 505-836-5700.
pitt is in an #uproar over this no bookbag policy hahaha I know it sucks but this is so entertaining
( you just call me but didn't say much wow
To put how good UK is in perspective, we're losing six guys, all potentially to the first round of the draft, and we're still preseason
After Telephone, I began to check out Beyoncé's discography, and then I fell in love with it. I fell in love with Beyoncé.
fuck yes ;D u ready to get down and dirty with these boys ? Lmaooo and u ready to kill some 6th graders ?
your going to be extremely wealthy in your life.
Tomorrow night is #Autism Family Night at #Fridays! We invite all families affected by autism to join us for a fun, special dinner out.
Crabs RT : Its so itchy
Three of The Last of the Mohicans
Happy Christmas Eve before the most wonderful day of your life, I hear that after tomorrow it all goes down hill
no. Just a reminder. :)
8yr olds have an amazing perspective on life :) Strange that I learn so much from my little girl
my advice is go for it,
I love when summer nights slowly start turning into fall. It'd be like paradise to extend these to forever.
Relaxing. Glad the commute was light this evening. Get to spend time on the couch with 2 cats+dog+pre-hub. Long weekend ahead . . . Hurray!
Immediate Casting! Have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
Roots Fashion Affair 2011 was awesome! Loved how different all of the runs were!
I could do that. I could also do W&C (also known as Wine & Couch). Miss Turk also has yoga
Question: , why don't you put QR codes under your caps so I can play your cap games?
Hi! I'm a first semester student in the program.
Jim Ross wrote on Twitter that there will be a Raw this is what he wrote I shall appear on Raw and I accept the challenge by Michael Cole
The lineup for firesest 4 with chiodos and attack attack has been anounced :D Check it out on facebook and hit us up for tickets!
"We partner with everyone we talk to"--one key to Page Library's success
Horrible hair weather.. I feel like I'm in Houston!
Russia Hires Foreign Curling Coaches – Official - RIA Novosti
So My church will now be distributing for the Roadrunner food bank, starting March 5th 6800 Gibson!
I wanna make a mixtape called handyman dame so now I'm workin on 4 mixtapes
The Kid with a Bike, Seven magazine review: The latest film by Belgium's Dardenne brothers is a charming tale of..
I appologize if i say anything i dont mean.
“If you occupy this life for any given time, If you’re breathing, if you’re living then you have a story to tell.” Viola Davis
Excuses only satisfy those who make them. Today, I stop making excuses! I challenge you to do the same
Oh yeah, last night my neighbors were arguing to the point where they were, I guess fighting, and even gunshots were heard. :O.
Good morning monday
Don't forget to WEAR RED tomorrow for Wear Red Day! Join us for free massages, blood pressure screenings & more! Macy's downtown, 11 - 1:30
Sometimes kids like me TOO much...
Haha if you wanna dress up like that! I say we do it.
apparently I can't get this beer in Omaha and am going to have to drive to Iowa to get it.
M&I Sponsors INHP Homebuyer Education Class and Neighborhood Bus Tour
Oh man, congratulations to that.
My heart is aching for Point Dume. Late tomorrow afternoon? I'll check the tide sched.
love sex lectures with my mother
Shoot, can't follow more history and travel folks on Twitter unless I unfollow a bunch. I sort of get that, sort of don't like it.
High Skies, Cooler Days,= Slower Bites, Down size to Jethro Karlie or Jethro Ellie Mae, slow down your retrieve & expect a sublte bite.
Hey there would you check us out? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we're a metal band from Dallas
My phone tweaking ! Wtf
RT : Choose to let the obstacles inspire you, not stop you.
WHAT GOES AROUND...COMES AROUND
This afternoon I tried the Five Guys Burgers and Fries…
I fell in love with a guy from a party.
for chris mf'n smith's art show. get here!
Gonna be playing an all ages electronic show here in Indy on May 18th at the Emerson, don't have a clue who these other dj's are.
Kip Fulbeck- we have a responsibility to SPEAK OUT without fear and in spite of fear. Inspiration.
plz help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom. Plz help us make this happen
the laws of physics do not apply to me so I'm free of responsibility on this.
I love having a sister. we're about to travel the world together. she's my best friend.
My husband LOVES Burn Notice. I watch
Awww your're sweet:)
that is currently not an option.
The new FEVERSHOT myspace is up! POP BOOM POW video and track will be up soon! www.myspace.com/fevershot
Position before submission.
Favorite flavor of ice cream?
The above information must be submitted as a written, faxed or emailed notification to the following Designated Agent:
try and crack and see what happen
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Carpenter jeans and a Star Wars tshirt is my best look.
The only thing I don't like about a long ass vacation is missing football
Just gotta say u got it goin on! I first saw u in concert at 12 & I'm 20 now! Still huge fan :D
we love the Danes! Cool tune thanks for sharing. You guys will make pretty #Sparklers :)
i miss you
Don't bring it to Eco House... Remember Jessie's bird? Could be the end of cuddling. And breathing.
That awkward moment when your sister is tryna tip toe in to the house and your tryna tip toe out :x LOL!
Oh ! It truly is the best early 20th century British period drama series I've seen.
Window sill flower box is now a mini rice marsh.
Kermit had pink eye -- pretty normal - do you have a vet?
On my way downtown
ya u do look hot in skinny jeans
I'm on it.
Srsly. He sounds like he would've been a bad bet anyway!
wow -- school starts on August 10th?
3rd base side is where the cool peeps hang out. 434!
we really do! Stop working!!
Thank you :) Liking your chocolates very much!
