Mom was very young for 1st marriage (sisters born then). She had complications and was told she'd never have another baby.
you wouldn't believe how many Good Morning i got this morning because my nipples were showing.....didn't purposely do it for the stare.
That's pretty hot.
Still trying to decide on a fav IL app it's a little daunting.
Stephen Jackson is 2 of 3 from 3-point range. Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 pts each. The Spurs lead the Jazz 42-32 with 2:57 left in half.
Shhh... the President is speaking.
happy b-day
watcha looking to do with WP?
Dude. Just woke of from a 12 hour sleep. Omg. Heaven must feel like this.
Smelly Vagina on my forehead ?
that's not true.. we go to bed mad so we can have hardcore makeup sex lol
Haha I didn't even mean it! I love unintended puns hahaha
i got up to pee... then forgot what i was doing and sat back down... Still have to pee #StonerProblems?
"This culture of violence, the culture of individualism, the culture of me, myself and I … must end." Minister Malik Shabazz
I'll get u all the info in a bit. Fb message ok or email?
RT from : It's Twitter's fault you have a short attention span as it is your closet's fault you have no running shoes
Casting director workshop time. Hoorah!
Brooks Custom will be scheduling a winter session of their AIA/ASID class, "Sustainable Alternative Materials for Countertops"
I was pleasantly surprised by that as well. You never know!
“: Awesome talk on digital assets and rights by ” yeah!
right now police are at SE 37th and Stark where there was an officer-involved shooting. Happened just after 8am.
no way! I love her! She's hilarious!
Deep breaths... :(
thanks for reaching out. We do have an awesome app that will be loved. Our plans involve lots of apps across the marketplace
What was your biggest wedding day splurge?
Videos should be entertaining as well for training. We know what keeps us engaged - think tv
Rip big Travis 🙏
o-O Sometimes, I get a good feeling .. Yeah!
U might need to check us out asap ;) RT : I'm so over my closet.
nice flic bum.....it looks like a travel tho lls.
Go Tigers beat the White Sux.
people dont understand that theirs people who live in Vegas,& that its not great.
Gonna start having tickets out for my concert! I'm playing at a place called my shower. Tickets are gonna sell out fast!
On this day in 1869, a golden spike was driven at Promontory, UT marking the completion of the1st transcontinental railroad (NYT)
UIC communication students w/exclusive access to Bon Jovi show Tuesday. Check out behind the scenes tweets and pics
Hey thanks for following! Let's not be strangers (:
Running late
I missed Hart's hr while artistically interpreting the #Brewers performance on a porcelain palette.
I love how congress ave in ATX feels like I'm in NYC.
Some perspective: 25% of US using digital media for election news, 6% FB and 2% Twitter - 120 mio. voted in '08
I didn't want to mention it.
In the neighbor's yard there was a fruit tree that exploded into beautiful pink blossoms every spring. They're cutting it down today.
Thank you for the info !! You b on it! Lol
here's the situation.. I need to get serious about saving for a house.. so YOU need to get serious about hiring me for some design work ;)
It's Erica. RT : Is your name Diamond or Tabitha?
prolly! Lol do you like Band of Horses, My Morning Jacket, Foster The People, or Awolnation?
The father of one of our swimmers calls water "the golden elixir" for persons with autism!
finna start workin out weather startin to warm up gotta get 6 pack in shape for beach time dis summer
I did indeed, and have responded. :)
hm...theyre missing out? they might never have any? they likely live alone? by "they" I mean "me" tho.
waking up just as early as I do for school to go to state individuals tennis tournament. But it's always worth it :)
Thanks for following SDSUThea - this is Paula Heitman, nee Pierson - re Larry Pierson the Chinese anchors Wiles and Circuit etc
and of course, the first Ranger penalty comes after a Washington goal...in the third period...on a puck over the glass call
Yup. And non-English-speaking audiences love them. Ugh.
WHY AM I STILL UP?!
Spending all weekend with you ❤
Tonight at the boro gallery, beautiful belly dancers, bagpipers and Spanish guitar. Snacks and drinks. 5-9 317 gold St downtown.
celebration at the cedar park center Monday night
we tried a Mexican place and another Thai place and they were both closed too, did you get a non-USA meal finally!?
" I favor severe punishment to any and all businesses hiring illegals." Agreed. It is going to take real penalties to dissuade this.
New blog post : Free Weights vs. Machines
Ughh I don't know what to do anymore :'( </3
I love it! Now I will be humming that all night long...thanks for the chuckle!
Happy Birthday ! I hope you have a great day!
Happy mother's day to the many extraordinary women that brighten the world in inexplicable ways.
That is too funny!
At an annual pancake dinner, NMSU students could guess the weight of a very large pancake and win a prize. Some people pretended to eat it!
East coast girls are better
you can never be too busy for duke basketball!
It's #WhyILoveMuseums Day. Tell us what you love most about children's museums!
Every. Drop. Ever. I lauughed. I cried. it had everything... from boner in sweatpants to the lead up of larry brown's crank
I won't, shhhhhh....
went for a nice walk at break, San Diego weather is delicious
What's up sweetie, where's the party this wknd
Out with oomf
follow me please!
lmfao at diskant this man is something else
my sack.x
well, u can phone me right now .. if ya want :)
So crazy it's only 8:45 in Hollywood! Part tee!
Politics. Yawn.
I threw mine against a brick wall it scared me so much.
school tomorrow.
Spending time w/ my BFF
Some of the BEST yng entertainers in the wld to
Wondering how many people would be harmed if I was aloud to have a gun? hahahaha
Dear Dr.Appadurai, can I please include your tweet about Lionel Messi and soccer in my article in Anthropology News Journal?
spotify's commercial breaks <
I find it funny how a lot of girls tweet about their crushes when I'm just sitting here tweeting about my celebrity husbands XD
Twitter stalked people who are no longer in my life. All I can think is WTF was I thinking?!? Thank GOD that trash is not around anymore.
Before this coffee could cool down enough to take the first sip I got this entire second verse down.
Looky here they are comparing Kobe to who? M.J. You can talk shii now
you are so talented and really pretty!!! Please follow me you would make me extremely happy thanks :)
Sounds good! Thanks for attending, make sure that you're at the 2nd annual!
My fav.song!!
Thanks for the mention!
i was mid about to eat my burger and i got called to go somewhere
is one of my favorite things about the internet. it really is cool.
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
yes when can we Skype lol
Ha! Will do!
People are chameleons. And shit it's annoying.
3:00 this afternoon as in 3 MST? Remember that your conference spans two time zones now.
Yeah. It's almost like the screenplay was written yesterday. Ned Beatty's character (Arthur Jensen) reminds me of the Koch Bros
Sorry, no free tickets, but we may have a giveaway soon!
just saying, you have awesome emoticons :<)
CraigsList missed connections
your on crack
A fantastic time with much of the cast and crew this weekend Creek Inn! Real conversations and human hearts in full. Beat that!
Thanks for the positive feedback! I wanted an alternative to the usual cancer blogs which are all about how awful the treatment is. :-)
it is an awesome dream, something that I would love to achieve since I've been playing music since I was 10 years old!
Everything is so cool. The boys are wearing their sweatshirts tomorrow. I LOVE my shirt and pictures. I need to find a frame
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 22
at least i go to school WOMP WOMP
You'd think this lack of winter would bring a decrease in everything you touch shocking you. You'd be wrong.
You guys know NOTHING about the industry and how to get a label, so don't tweet me ish. lol
Lmao, I would be blowing up 's inbox at this moment...
never hate your enemy it only affects your judgement
So true! Pure hilarity! RT : If you're not following , you are missin' it !!
to all my toledo music folks!!! I just got the job at guitar center so if you need somthin come holla at me!!!
many thanks for your support and kind words.
Ms. Gowen!! ha
Thank you so much, hope all is well, yoboy H
Tonight around 7ish!
Did you know smoking can reduce your night vision?!
“: bcuz my friend just broke up with her BF!, he wad crying:(
If you think a certain way don't expect that the other person thinks the same way
For the next 32 minutes swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Shot & Free Pierogies
who didn't slide the memo to the Athletics? Never run on Wieters.
You know the expression "the elephant in the room" well that just happend when I logged into "Black People Meet Dot Com"
who's checkin out Harry potter tonight?!
I am! Just got off the road!
waking up realy sucks <<< rather be in bed sleeping! ughh
thanks!! and haha ahh i hope they release the date for it soon <3 <3 <3
I didn't I wasn't really on Twitter yesterday! Congratulations, though!!!!!! :-)
Yes...and they let us eat cake. RT : another lovely night with the Inkwellians...
i can't cuz i'm on follow limit sorry
Hey Lou :) the fact that this is trending on twitter makes me smile :)
wuuuddupp tryin to met al my followers wats yhur name mine taylor
I could see & finding great joy/benefit from this org that advocates music & therapy:
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!
Thank you @ socialnetshow2
I70 closed at Eisenhower tunnel.
A troll :/! RT : Great, some troll is now tweeting us about saving on insurance. Block this doofus tokugawanf
lol I think she meant blowjobs
THANKS SO MUCH! <3
same issue came up at my high school about fb sí unless it happens during school hours or about a teacher or student u good
Beautiful frightning women scare me and yet I can't look away
absolutely the only product for male athletes w/o harmful chemicals Tons of pros use it try it u'll like it
his timing is always perfect :)
Super-charging is methods publishers use to distinguish their content from everything else out there. Why choose your content?
You bet Sean. Nice work!
Yet, my computer still works just fine. This, my friends, is why I'm a PC.
I didn't realize it was an "event"! :) Nice meeting you tonight.
I smile, and play pretend when in actuality im dead </3
Be assured that you'll always have time for the things you put first.
Get everything from a romantic night at the movies to skeet shooting this Sun. ! VIP Tix still available - dateforacure.org!
"Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others" Buddha Reminds me that all that we seek is w/i us, even now!
Sweet win rangers!
Oh yikes!! Yeah, I'm not sure if I will use it or not, but might be fun to look.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
that's true your hair is on another level lol
wish I coulda hung out longer. You have a beautiful family and it was great to hear everything is going well.
CPS congratulates Mike Schueler, Director of Construction - received President's Award from Maryland BIA!
Today 1926: Boxer Clever Sencio died in a hotel room in Milwaukee from a cerebral hemorrhage after a 10-round fight against Bud Taylor
": Plz RT: online college fair going on today where they can learn about life in college & chat w/300 schools"
is your station looking for interns, I am looking to do an internship for my next semester.
your such a baby! :) I always forget your younger than me ;)
he's a crime fighting beaver
The 11 undrafted people: Fred Jackson, Welker, Vonta Leach, James Harrison, Arian Foster, Romo, Cruz, Jason Peters, L Fletcher, Kuhn, Penn
tired, nd sick of b/s... Bad combination.
If you haven't seen live yet, you're missing out...
We love you <3 I hope you love us too <3
Just wake up
I look weird when i'm dark.
#WhyDoIAlways Misplace stuff and forget!
Dont we wish Hs was like college pick wen u wanna go smh
Inception. o.0
That quesadilla hit the spot ! 😊
Make sure everyone gets out to Lunar tonight! Catch myself DJing along with and ! Let's have some fun!!
- thanks for following #lifevineworks !
Yep, but I'm not complaining! Kinda like this kind of winter for commuting reasons!
20% off all services with Rebecca today! Come get gorgeous, Pittsburgh!
#FridayReads Life On Mars by Tracy K. Smith
IT SHIPPED!!!!
pull the 20+ min. Halleys off the shelf.
Who is ready to say Happy Birthday to Pure Nightclub with me tonight #Tuesday!
Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful. - Nietzsche
What role are you dying to play but haven't?
1 reason to like the Badgers chances against Syracuse, they haven't lost to a team from a power conference in the NCAA tourney since 2006
That is a pretty sweet name for that series if blog posts. ;)
Spent some time working in a uni writing center. Could go back, maybe, or maybe private HS, or library. My aunt loves her lib. job.
It's sad how society tends to look down upon people who follow the rules.
she is too cute!
Tonight!! The Boro Bar & Grill we go on @ 9pm sharp! and For Lack of Lithium. 21+ FREE SHOW!
Why are the people most educated about the destructive power of hurricanes the ones out standing in gale force winds for live shots???
“: For the last ten years of his life, my father wore pajama bottoms everywhere.” he went college freshman on life
Life's moving too fast! Both a blessing and a curse.
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about #BestBuzz we will change your mind about #QRcodes, I promise :)
Lol ya I recently went up there to buy a bag of chips I didnt need lol
So that Safety just fucked my whole block pool
but.... would u b shocked 2 know how heckled I got when the cashier said gbread latte instead of 1 pump o' gbread soylatte
thank you!♥
Would live to see Hoffman get 600, but I think it's a mental block at home.
the real accident there was the "am" instead of typing "an"
thank u doll!!!
We apologize to advance to our Kentucky friends and customers..BUT lets GO IU! Bring it!
One nite stands&Quickies>>>>>>>>>>>
thanks for following....miss you girl.prayers for your family, hows your dad? Much love
Theme of the day is "context and metadata are essential" for research and for authenticity
Happy New Year! Happy New Year! Welcome 2011, good bye 2010..! Happy New Year! Happy New Year! Welcome 2011, good bye 2010..! ^_^ ^_^
thank u. U r a beautiful person :)
Just finished season 3 of #Misfits, one of my favorite shows. All I can say is Wow and Damn You ! :)
The vocabulary I hear on my bus is EXTREMELY intelligent.
I'm surprised!
and rather than settling for just anything, Boomers should consider jobs abroad so that they can travel & work at same time.
I want a motorcycle
Update company policies as law and technologies evolve
Oh come on. Don't be THAT girl quoting Big Time Rush on Facebook.
Well night Twitter!! Ill regret this if I fall asleep during exams tomorrow!! :)xx
See us at the Midwest Grape/Wine Conf./Trade Show, Feb. 9-12, St. Charles, MO! Booths 245/247. Cash & Carry discounts on all booth displays!
Work is dry..guess I'm back to playing Pokemon Black
lol ill take ur word for it
so bummed Women Who Rock ends in a couple of weeks - really wanted to check it out
Ha! Nice - thanks - will investigate
“: A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.” <------ yes.
If you're downtown for ifest tonight, stop by Aerosol Warfare Gallery from 7-12 for some awesome art, great DJs and FREE LONE STAR.
I thought Leo mentioned Alice, no?
Last year this time I was packing to go to Egypt for a month -- a year later I'm packing for Philadelphia and Austin...
you know you can remove it (cars from Klout) if you want right?
Upsetting :-s #wmata - Woman harassed at Landover, Metro Transit Police investigating - wapo.st/ozFsO8
Tunji Lardner up next to discuss state-society relations in Nigeria. Visuals from Nigeria Elections Coalition
"When I first started P90X, I weight 800 pounds. Now look at me!"
Im going to 1201 prom tomorrow
The Bone did not win us a World Series.
I wanna go to prom.... High schoolers get everything fun!!
Same here pleased to meet you as well!! : )
funny thing nobody mentions, Mike Mularkey turned down head coaching interview w/ Broncos last year probably cause of Tebow...
#Libraries have to pay more $ for multiple-user licenses on #ebooks. Still can't share through interlibrary loan.
hi buddy :/
Had an incredible workshop last night at FIU with POWER Presentations! Thanks to all who attended.
ONE GIFT CARD REMAINS! Who will be the one to find it?!
Ha! Already read them and found the slides & notes easy to follow. Enjoyed the presentation, virtual that is lol!
So whose turn is again? IIRC, its #MyTime, right?
some even look hand drawn
when people from Miami learn how to drive, I'll start trusting you
i had fun today at justin's bday party....happy birthday bro!!
That was so fucking awkward yet hilarious at the same time. LOOOL my dad is comedy <3
Finally, done with my day. Success with Day 1 of my diet.
Anything. I know I need to come on more often, but I feel like I'm talking to myself somedays.
she ain't your mom, you do you! Besides, everybody likes trouble.
That’s not an example of hyperbole. I think the literary device you utilized is commonly referred to as “bullshit”.
she can suck a lollipop
any idea when your tour plans will be finalized?
#MyPastRelationships all ended the same way lol
This Family Guy version of Taken is HILARIOUS.
If your publication is looking for deep critique of feminism and transdimensionality in Fringe season 4, contact and I.
One day u'll realize u lost a diamond while u were to busy collecting stones
Whoever wants to tell me that they can control my life and my feelings can just leave.
What is the maximum number of hits a baseball team can have in one inning without scoring a run?
minor detail... what are you up to today? alterra?
you dirty whore how can you well I'm glad I cheated on you with looking at that hamburger today xD
it was cool to see how the project is evolving. 2bad abt the bad connection, but props 4 flying all the way back to show us.
hey hey girl, gimme minute! I'm not as connected as some people!
Hrmphhhhh. But I'll take the lead. Who closes here?
Looking for something to do this morning? Indiana Landmarks' free walking tour of Monument Circle's at 11am, Borders, 11 S. Meridian .
Yes america does need to see "my heart will go on" played out of a dust pan oboe
Eric Schwatzman (iPressroom): news is now constant updating of information. it's what happening now...and now...and now.
More LCSH: Conjoined twins in literature; Diving in literature; Hunting trophies in art; Ladies-in-waiting in literature
Can't complain about the NYC schools. Yet.
I write to you, dear children, because your sins have been forgiven on account of his name. 1 John 2:12
how come ever aau season you break something?
See how she look at 40 trying to model. We know she been ran through damn shame.
Just tapped Boneyard Femme Fatal Brown Ale with Fresh Raspberry.
#IWANTONCE hi! what is this giveaway? i feel silly for not knowing but I am intrigued. Tell me all about it :)
This guys car is stopped in the middle of the hwy with his flashers on. Probably thought of a really good tweet.
Oh so excited 20 new chicken friends on route
play Canada June 9, Kingston, Ontario; Georgia June 16, Glendale, CO; Italy June 23 in Houston, TX
I'll explain al I will
Check out 's excellent meats and you can't lose with 's cheeses!
He's allegedly* thrown bricks/eggs at people.
Sad for baron that knee looked nasty
ha was I dancing? :p
So we were planning on being around your way sometime around Oct/Nov.
hahaha so random brooke. I don't have to worry about that, i shave my arms lol
Yesterday was such an incredible day at #WMP2012 Thank you for your work for women's equality!
Sorry but Stu Scott of ESPN makes me wanna puke arrogant thinks hes funny he sucks
#IDidntTextYouBack because im tweeting bitch.
This is just too good. Really, I'm amazed.
haha I'll give you a free refill
Hey y'all! Come see this upcoming Tuesday at 8:45PM at !
A great big THANK YOU from us!
They're serious… wow. MT : New ad for SF Mayor Ed Lee blows Mark Block out of the water youtu.be/fbdd_Fasz0k
I'm addicted to Animals As Leaders' music at the moment. Fantastic tunes and amazing playing.
Don't cheat ,if your not happy just leave.
Is it just me is the Taylor Swift Hunger Games song very Joanna Newsom inspired?
#Avengers was grreaaat. And my man Sammy J did his thing as per use. ;)
Formative assessment in geometry?
#schoolmemories i shoved my friend in a classroom full of 9th graders and they all were lookin at her like wtf hahahahaa
Amazing thank u! Incredible night full of helpful Home tips by designer Libby Langdon last night. Cc:
...jimmies, he added to his soft serve
I have SUCH a busy schedule of naps and watching Netflix. I don't know how I can possibly fit them all in...
If you ignore things you don't want around, they will go away.
irs my #DREAM to get to hang out with for even an hour and he dosent even know i exist :( I LOVE HIM <3
Hey Stephanie Eisner: Just because you say you're not racist doesn't mean you're not racist.
Meeting now! Discussing the future ALEC protest in New Orleans on August 5th!
Ok sounds good. Have a good night babe.
Math & Science >>> English & History
RIP Saab. A true iconic car.
#ReadyToRoll Let's get this party started boys!!
What a great Easter thanks to for being the best godmother ever!
Must be a devil between us.
who's going to SXSW?
i feel like ive moved up in the world because ive moved down several levels from where i normally sit at dodger stadium. no more nosebleed!
They often remind me of Taliban-types. "These are our beliefs; you all must adhere to them." Plus they're just so uptight.
RT: GeorgePaul006: I watched grease for the first time.... I kinda liked it....
Tell her to cheer loud! #beatthewave RT : Bringing my mama to her first ever Comets game tonight!
your a faggot
ik right! This is what I deal with.
TONIGHT - OVERDOSE with Special Guest DJ's Lank, Deja, ZENi! & DJ Dexter along with Lotus Resident DJ XES at ABQ Best Danceclub - Lotus!!!
Best night ever.<3
Yes, we LOVE the POTUS;honest, sincere and trustworthy! ; flipper, no core; robotic!
Beef Hot Dogs Are The Best!!
thx for the hug. No more puddles (we hope)
is hindering #Israel fr taking care of #Iran & hindering Americans fr #drilling 4 #energy off our coast. RT
Always love working with you two!!
Time to get Yo some runs!
Today's goal...Lend a helping hand, Do a good deed, & Make someone smile...
headphones, I was having some profile problems earlier in the week. I kept showing a really old pic.
Hey there, how's your back and burn? Better all over, I hope?
when are you cuming to philly to do a comedy at the liacrous center
Still not used to seeing
RT #SpeedTrials today...adding yards to players bags. How many yards could you gain?
Too early to be at painll
So. Much. Drama.
does Jordan still have a girlfriend?
I don't know of any provider that offers a 6 month money back guarantee
International Business Times Best Buy Thunderbolt, Xoom Release Dates Posted 'In Error'
#RayHarper #WKU. The dude just knows how to win.
102 degrees again? What the.........
idk just thinking
Heh. I was going to hip you to that, but you beat me.
I think we got something special here. Really. [reaches for air guitar, oops, don't know how to play]
Why can't I get my computer to play videos from the House Ways and Means Committee?
RT : Most organisations spend their time marketing to the crowd. Smart organisations assemble the tribe.
The scariest thing about distance, is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
We got some great tastings coming up this & next week: Leinenkugel - Big Eddy Imperial IPA, Lakefront Brewery - My Turn Series: Brad...
GYM CLASS HEROES.
we met at Runyon Canyon. Much better than in my yard!
Unfortunately the words "Morals" & "Loyalty" just don't exists in this generation anymore. Be careful who you call your "friends"
thank you !! Tell ur momma I said happy mothers day !!
deez famous rappaz a trip 1ST they rap about how they wanna get on SO BAD then they rap about how bad it iz 2 be famous WELL YA MADE YA BED,
seriously dip I can smell you from here
Sitting here with and making history!!
WELCOMES THE SEASON! COME JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME FRIDAY!! IT'S HOCKEY SEASON BABY!
I didn't see you lol
do we know what kind of brain tumor the patient had removed? what texture & color was it?
RT : Q. What are u doing thats having a positive effect>>> taking accountability for my actions and inaction.
Thursayy tomorrow. this week is going fast. kinda
Birthday this Saturday ^.^ can't wait !!!
definitely! we're gonna be booking a lot more now that we've released our album, probably some more show in Indiana too!
that's good I'm ok a lil pain here and there but nothing I can't handle
Stupids no self-serve I told you that I'm already following you.
Just saw Blood Wedding with and at the source with constellation. Nice stuff.
right ? It's like the milk duds of tv. I'll totally miss
named Bill Masterton MVP at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Gonna be a fun night! RT : i love concerts at ! cant wait till drake tonightt.
LOB City Clips
Back in Seattle after a week in San Francisco. Good trip, even better to be home.
The online persona is more sarcastic and likes to test friends reactions.. The real one. HE's a little more mundane.. :O?
Just saw gas for $3.39/gallon.
Miss you bro! See you this summer? RT : That could also be becuz I live in Oklahoma and your at NYU haha
Man @ this point I'm just looking 4ward to the summer
What did you need to know?
haha. you jerk. Daddy usually cuts the grass, but he's booked with meetings so I had to do it. IT SUCKED!! Pic. coming soon
Everybody deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER NAME Lol
Done with being nice im straight bitch mode
:) you're welcome #Drakester ! How r u?
can't blame me for trying :-)
But just think... our child would be Batman! (Because of course we'd be dead.)
I hate when I call n try to tlk to my gma n she so into the tv tht she dnt hear anything u say thn try to act lik she do
Don't forget most of the city along the shore up to LB State will be blocked off tomorrow for the LB International City Bank Marathon!
Dogs laying on my bed.
Hi Dan! Have you used SlideShare? I'm not very familiar with it.
I went to a Caps Maple Leafs game and thats the only hockey game I've ever been in a fight.
yoo hmu with text sometime tomorrow long time no talk
Still waiting on our final building permit, but making progress anyway. Posted some new pics on fb. Cheers.
♥ Thanks for existing, your music inspires me every day I love you. ♥
Connections are everything. Never burn bridges!
Now Philly fans boo Noah off the court. Philadelphia, what a sports town.
That should have been a foul on Lebron. Waiting for replay. Granger fouls out. Ouch.
apartment e-hunting for Milwaukee. Greatest thing compared to Vancouver: monthly rent is not typically $2.70/sqft.
Need a few volunteers to assist us Tuesday evening (8/9/11) for OETA phonathon. Email today if interested.
Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane were such a fantastic duo. They could do no wrong
Yes. And favorite color, how many fingers you have, shoe size, favorite pizza, and so on.
join and get more exposure today post highlight tapes and photos for free help coaches find you
Loved seeing Charlene Amoia in American Reunion tonight!
Eating some delicious Alaska King Salmon and baked potato. M
Why the long face? Your #Bulls should pull this one out. OT may not be so bad after all...Plus, it's #Easter!
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving.
What would Wolves get in return?
you missed Avi's rendition of walking to Memphis. On second thought, you didn't really miss much...
don't eat me. k thanks
AHH! I kept forgeting to tweet you :( i'm such a horrble twitter bestie
Woman next to me at coffee shop is complaining about her $36,000 pension.
There's a lion on the loose from the San Francisco zoo lmao
so hungry -.- can you make me some Kraft Dinner LOL :D
hmm... where did you see that?
<Now Ur Mobile!!!>
Why does my mom keeping yelling at me I stoped listening when she walked in the room :-)
I need some advice for a bad back....
It looks like they are serious about hurricane Irene . I might have to evacuate fuck
Oh ya.
Agreed! Once you know where Dollhouse is going it's fun to watch it go there!
Simon the Super 8 is taking much longer than expected to get fixed. I WANNA MAKE MOVIES!.
Sconnie Sweep for the weekend
You're going to get into SO SO SO much trouble for impersonating God and you know what? You deserve it so SHUT UP GOD!
Hey, Sweet Ree, did you see the result of your second game 7 late last night? The Lake Show won. Wanted you to know that.
Director of Religious Education. No tell u that story, r u kidding? MAB interviewed at IC in #Durham c. 1970. Answered q re:
That's true. And the earnestness, the passionate need to get it right. Can't wait to see what general population makes of it.
Looking to expand ur exposure or just show support? Donate an item for our 2nd Annual Tampa Bay Joins Hands For Autism Silent Auction!
Wearing your skating outfit to the mall and getting those awkward stares
Or how I was in Beverly Hills the same day Josh Hutcherson was, and didn't see him. Geez.
You know how babies kind of look like old men? It was an old man baby. Creepy! I generally don't go gaga for most babies..
Wow. Thanks a lot America. Ugh. I love you !! Definitely not the right person going home tonight.
First day of school canceled at Bradley Hills Elementary in Bethesda, MD because of power outage. Really #Pepco?
wat part of the. Town u from?
Gonna be a hot one today. Wasn't it just pouring down rain 2 weeks ago?
remember i'll always be there, with a napkin, when you spew milk out your nose
FOUR best answers during cross-examination: 1) NO. 2) THAT IS FALSE. 3) I DISAGREE. 4) IT DEPENDS.
yeah we know you #little shit
should NEVER leave peanut m&m's on his desk, unattended. I had to give a handful of them a permanent home
Morty talkin smack about studying beer drinking abroad in Australia. Does he not think it's academic? Quoting Santorum, "what a snob."
Hm, do you think Lotusphere will be as exciting as CES?
The Operating System for organizational management is the Social Contract. Lies, mistrust and subversion crash the system.
“: I'm so tempted to just drive to you tomorrow. I need you so much.”
For those inspired by #WDYTYA tonight, note that there is a huge Jewish Genealogy conference in LA this July! :-) jgsla2010.com
Where are you located? I'd be happy to show you mine.
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
RT : "The + + (over Google+ Hangout) meetup was a smashing success." Hecks yes it was!
Shoutout to for Blazer today
Everything begins with a thought. Fitness is no different. MindFirstFitness.
Reading wrong German romantics, I bet.
and by neglecting I mean I haven't been in a tanning bed in years :-)
RT why are black cops more racist towards blacks than white ones? Ignorance.
Ever since last week's meal I have been having a craving for carrot cake.
you've got that smile, that only heaven can make...
i worry bout it even if i care ima stay focused on school and deal with things later...
is compiling a top 10 #freedom fighters list. So far we have Nelson & Winnie Mandela via Who are your top #FreedomHeroes?
Coach Briscoe just texted me: "The Lord is our rock and fortress. HE will give strength!"
throw them hands'
Shh girl,shut ur lips do the helen keller and talk with ur lips,
This sucks . Is it just me. Or am i just really not liked?
whats good for tonight??
I don't play like homie, and homie don't play like that.
"The Lady Vanishes" Alfred Hitchcock. Great flick!
RT : After more than 30 years, I am leaving the Plain Dealer. And thanks to Peyton Manning for stealing my thunder.
So exhausted
“: Got fruit snacks and granola bars for my agcomm class. #gladicame” dr agunga is keeping with tradition
this is where pinterest comes in to play :)
I felt it but it was like nothing, I thought that I was getting dizzy or something Lol
Jon Huntsman's criticism of #GOP might be a little more noteworthy if he had, y'know, won a delegate or two.
i honestly thought Ruffalo was better and i really liked Ed Norton in the role
my buddy from high school sat in front of his sister at a recent bulls game. That is her.
doing well either moving to Richmond or Scottsdale in August.
YES. They do :)
I don't want to go to school, I didn't even finish my summer h/w :/
You're waiting to get them or waiting to get them taken out?
uh huh!
no doubt
Tried to get my mom a spa day but she wanted cash only.....#smh #Typical lol
Mondays are just as bad as girls professional basketball.
Kiss n Tell
At our place with
#teamfollowback i do follow for follow
Sat. Sep 3rd Live , our good friends Dividing Face will start things off at 930 and we will be there to close the show!COME PARTY
awesome. see you then! :)
By the way...you look fabulous.
EAT MY PUCCIA!
Damn it
better have Missouri in the final 4!
thanks William lol :)
The Penguins won 7 to 3. It's like taking candy from a baby.
For those of you self-publishing, I have to say that my experience with createspace has been extremely positive if you're looking at options
that's no reason
So glad that it happened before Adam Yauch passed.
It's not even her birthday but I wanna lick the icing off ;)
Petersburg is crazy point black, but I love it....
Last day at #CTIAw12 in New Orleans - I think I'll spend it with big daddy Bill Clinton...
All made up, tome to shoot...
And this is when all hell broke loose. RT " Min 90: Torres scores to send Chelsea to the Munich final. #FCBLive"
Thanks for being so FREAKING awesome!!
When? :D are you talking about the Chain show?
Google's Awesome Screenshot extension might just be the coolest thing since sliced bread...
Breakfast at Noshville w/BIG Sister
Not over tweeting. Doubled our short lines again following Apple's lead. Rolling since last Friday.
When I hold you, in your arms, When you show me, each one of your charms, I wonder should I get up, and go to the funny farm.
Will see you guys soon v
OMG, if I get another update to my phone with someone saying its raining, I might just die.
Thursday and Friday look nice. 70's w chance of rain. Sat and Sun mid 50's.
That's effort enough for me.
up 21 to zip @ the half!
Lmao on Bones "guys that act like Jersey Shore are being homoerotic "
yay! Have fun!
RT : I love that just said "Hey Idiots" on air...in relation to the vandalism on Seattle's Candy Cane Lane.
This is what we call "post-Avengers afterglow."
proud of you man. Congrats
RT : "Social media is a marathon not a sprint. Quality not quantity..."
5:30pm the one at Canal/Church
oh bandaids and gum! SCORE! How might I also show such generosity?!
NEW: Ward's Natural Sciences replacing equipment lost in Brighton HS vandalism.
Fergy cleavage.....DRINK!
NOSTALGIA RHP-310 Popcorn Maker - fryscom - popcorn maker retro
I'm even more excited! I am free at 10a.m. It's being inked into the planner now.
"Monte Carlo Resort & Casino has a unique fusion of European refinement and American dazzle, with a touch of Las Vegas hospitality."
and her name was Maude Apatow. Am I allowed to say that?
Mya - Case Of The Ex (Whatcha Gonna Do)
do you ever think you could love another cow?
thank you to for helping demystify the casting process and for sharing your insight on respectful communication. Safe travels!
Thanks La La
I pretty much re-gained an interest in foursquare in the past few weeks. I had not used it in months except through Instagram.
Thanks for reading our article! If you'd like us to review your product, let me know!
Faded too long got me on this rolling stone
that neighbor HATED Fringe in there last year. We were not allowed back. Call the fringe office...
boo is not coming to boston
Spent the day reading an amazing book, Quitter by Phenomenal.
Head'n up to LA today to meet with members of the LAUSD to see how we can continue improving our support
you know what else is awk in the shower? Yeah you do....LOL
This will be interesting to explain. "I broke off the 'L' key on my work computer by dropping a model heart on it."
Ate some weird almond tofu stuff... pretty delicious and healthful for studio food!!
Going to the store to buy a new straightener(:
Happy First Day of #Spring from MDB Communications!
Imagine a day without music.. O.o
it is a Gorgeous day!!
Hey, Man. Thanks for the RT. I just love Rodney Dangerfield's stuff. I miss him.Hope you're doing well.
Link is slow as hell - but the complaint looks legit. Nice photo. Looks a bit like my desk.
just ctrl alt del enter and that'll lock it - childproof.
Baby J & at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 w/Michael Salgado & Marcos Orozco!burgers,fajitas & gorditas! W Houston & N Frio!
The bright days of tyrants are over. Ghadafi should have known that this day is coming. What else is new? They never learn!
Getting my hair done.
And again about the line-up: the finger on the pulse himself was huge in making this what it is. You're the man dude
Exactly! She's the other actress I don't like.
Who wants to wash dishes for me?...Any takers?
sure thing! bullying needs to be stopped once and for all!
GET TIX NOW TO THE #daydream DAY PARTY AT DIRTY BAR! SAT APRIL 28TH! 3P-8P! CALL/TEXT ME AT 202-560-6264 FOR INFO+TICKETS B4 THEY SELL OUT!
Pass it too messi
I'm so in support of you for your stance on what is right!
got drawn butter?
"..I'm feeling a bit bearish". I am with you Joseph! Things are not looken good at all.
The North American ,media don't want you paying any attention to the PanAm Baseball Championship because it doesn't sell beer or trucks..
Today He who hung the earth upon the waters is hung on the tree, The King of the angels is decked with a crown of thorns..
!!!!!! RT : When someone else can replace you just like that <<<<< Shit ain't right.
Pushing my Foursquare check-ins to several social outlets was a nice way to track my vacation, apologies if they were obtrusive.
Need to watch the #Spurs game, but also must burn off those Christmas calories. Plan to watch the game at my gym!
I 💗 being tiny.
that's what i hear!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people just take a side without even hearing the others side of the story !
This coffee shop has no wireless Internet. I feel so alone... and a little pathetic.
What if I'm not ready to give up? What if I'm not ready to lose you? What if I'm not ready to move on?... What do I do then?
Hahaha I would love to see you try
Thanks for the blog tweet!
Thank you all 200 of you who went nuts at yesterdays release show,was definatly the craziest show we ever played!Drops on Itunes on the 6th!
Judgement day! The day after
I go. RETWEET if u go too.
I'm liking this off-canvas business.
thanks so much, Shonali!
Finished my first screenplay ever, a Dutch comedy pilot! Now it's off to its first readers. Scary!
That sounds nice! Have you been over to for a drink at the Top of the Mark?
“: Take away art, music & sports & you take away the one hook for many students that keeps them motivated and involved." !!
Training for my fitness test is giving me some serious cravings for chocolate cake grrrrr
Derek is so great. I know it's too early but I think I might be falling in love with him
When I see your face, there's not a thing I would change...except the direction I'm walking in.
Can you be my date to the 8th grade dance?(: live in florida<33
HEY HEY HEY TODAY IS DERBY DAY COME ON IN LADIES !!! WE HAVE DRESSES, TOPS , ROMPERS 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Sometimes scholars of color in academia see themselves as outsiders within - Dr. Nina Wallenstein
Looking forward to the workshop on doing business in Malaysia at
you're in SF?
Yeah I like to start the countdown for the weekend the minute I walk in the door! :)
Well, to start - they are delicious!
It's always something. Can't I just have a good day ?
As a charity bakesale consumer, I confess I'm really irritated paying $1 for a single cookie from a stale package of dollar store cookies.
I just know these things..RT : Despite the LAC/Memphis game being live, is insisting that Memphis won.....
Good morning, on this hot Screen on the Green Monday! Tonight: "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" with Marilyn Monroe!
You can do better than that, right? That was JV tonight...You are VARSITY
in 2006, #SCT was a just new kid on the block fighting for its spot in #SLA.Now editors comment "it's a popular theory" Kudos to Penn State
Would love it if you stopped by Chinatown tomorrow night for 's hh fundraiser. 10% will benefit our org when u mention us
Beta invite to #wunderkit? What a wonderful way to star the day. Thanks, !
If I get one more Winter Weather Alert from , I may end up being the lead story on the news
Visit our website www.tazzlighting.com to view new our latest completed project pictures that have now been posted to our gallery
I had an original thought, but then I forgot what it was.
you make us happy <3
I am reading Janni Lee Simner's Winter Faerie! --
Not one black fighter has won yet Floyd might become apart of the trend
TOP OF THE DAY!! TOP OF THE HOUR!! TOP OF OUR GAME!!
"Nigga look at my chick he lookin the wrong way"
LETS GO CANES. Ray Ray Armstrong with the fumble recovery. Canes Ball. Miami 21, GT 10. 6min left in 3rd Quarter.
My crazy is being fed. Oh. No.
Wish I could go see my ex :-(
RT "don't let religion govern your policies" from gamewolf14/ EVERYONE'S UNDERSTANDING OF MORALITY IS GROUNDED IN SOMETHING!
#IWishYouKnew that I freaking hate you
Hey and u shud see the ugly peach sweater ur dad is wearing at JCC auction.
Anytime! Sorry it took so long to send!
2nd period tomorrow will be the worst. Matter of fact the whole day will be.
#Regretful RT : i wanted everything to stay the same but feelings fade & people change .
First of all #sonic cannot figure out how to get people through the drive-thru, second of all , there managers all work the drive-thru
After 13 months & 26 countries, we're back in the US (in arguably our best state, Hawaii)!
I prefer sexy ;)
You know your parents are worried for when you drive that theyre planning to get you the car that practically drives itself.
Two of my heterosexual male coworkers are listening to All Time Low in the back. Pls.
Lol yeah a little different nowadays. Thanks, I haven't heard that song since I left
visit the media lab at the Met. duh! Other than that? MCNY, visit Seb??
HASH SLINGING SLASHER
Yes please? =) Even if you never answer me. <3
Follow us now!!!
You too Bundy.. Will be hearing ya on the raido today.
<- just got all loser face when the guy from just waved to me and smiled haha can I be a bigger fan?
This girl is crazy if she thought she was feeling herself in a skirt
Is it Friday yet? Great to know I could workshop Monday night but am paying for it!
Ew why would you talk about that at lunch
Beggars do not envy millionaires, though of course they will envy other beggars who are more successfu - Bertrand Russell
Pugs In The Kitchen will have a booth at Bark for Life in Kokomo, IN this Saturday! Fresh treats will be for sale!
Love your icon :3
Thank you so much for following me! I look forward to learning and sharing with you!
I disagree! They're too hipster for me.
I got an evaluation back today that wasn't perfect which I am used to. Everything was fine but a comment that I didn't like.
i'm sexy and i know it!!!
At #G2Ewebinar on online gambling. Live tweets upcoming.
“: 73 Yeas, Vikings stadium proposal passes the House” sorry...
Consumer spending constitutes 70% of US economic activity. That seems high – anyone know how it compares to other countries?
$1.2 billion, and I charge a 1% retainer for the appraisal LoL
We're big fans Keep up the great work!
rickrickricker says hey! How ya doin?
YW. It was a lot of fun! Thank u for bringing to WA & intro-ing me to what is now 1 of my favs! U r good @ that!
yeah! new ABDC here in a bit!
Nothing like a morning workout before school.
RT : Wondering if ur overtraining? Do a weekly 3PQ test w/ ur #ARTrainer. A decrease in rate of power development is a sign.
Wings and Canucks got bounced early.
- marvelous, listen to the universe and come in and join us this Friday. :) look forward to it!
Thanks, you tweeted that now I have that song stuck in my head again. Haha(:
Once again getting a lot of compliments on my look today. Think I'm finally discovering my personal style!!
"Sparks grant 25k and short time frame focused the innovation for the Drupal contest module" Vivian Haga
People are sick of advertising messages. Connect with people on a personal level
WAS G MY BOY? GET AT ME
HEY I JUST MET YOU. &THIS IS CRAZY. BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER. SO CALL ME MAYBE ;D
i really want it!! Does it smell good!?
Its either a Vette or a Camaro man I want them both! Love those cars..
I think I have heard that sugestion before.
He didn't cuss... "damn" is in the bible
Hi Twitterites!!! How are you all this morning? Work, funeral, 4 soccer games this weekend and of course #NFLKickoff!!!
I hate abusive fake boyfriends! Lol JAKOB(:
It appears it was!
im so disappointed that we havent recieve your new trio sets in dallas...why? :(
Good idea. Though a bad thing happens to the girl in the PJ version also.
yes thanks..you too :)
Hate that i love you.
how come no #StrongerTour2012 stop in #Chicago! :(
Sleep is my favourite word~
Hey mommy! And thank you! How funny I just texted some of your students about FSPA ❤
Proud of my boy for being the Breakout Star of Breakout Kings.
Great! looking forward to more apps from you guys!
I'm convinced oomf has serious mental issues. Internal conflict & shit.
“: I wonder if, on Krypton, my Super PAC would just be a PAC?”
Watching Return of the Jedi. Can't believe George Lucas digitally altered Princess Leia's golden metal bikini into a one-piece.
Oh caffeine, work your evil corporate magic.
I'm getting dicks burgers now... After dealing with hurt feelings and angry people, I'm hungry and tired.
Oh yes! That would be super duper fun(:
Nietzsche and Heidigger spoke about their typewriters - as well as numerous other authors - the image of the writer typing
Up since 5 am is going to make for an extra long day. Could've used that extra hour of sleep. *sigh*
I'm substituting Champagne for beer with my pizza tonight.
You'd like me if I was popular ...
I miss you in my life
FT on US economy: none of 5 fastest growing jobs in US requires a degree; mfg not in top 20 in job growth.
Yeah but side swoopy bangs are longer and have less long-term commitment. Still...
The "See.. I do TOO know how to use public transportation" tour
I Know!!!!! When I got them I was all dramatic and dropped to my knees and was like AH!! Lol very pretty pic I see btw haha
Wow 11 year old girl committed suicide ? Ita sad but the decision she made that led her to hell and not heaven meaning shell suffer more
A Center for #Innovation in #Education? What would you include?
okay I need to leave and do some work now latter
Wwoohhoo off work and on the bus home
Everyone from show get $5 off #ADMISSION into pending availability. See you TONITE!!!
I bet you give horrible
definitely going! dinner downstairs first?
sounds like a party over there
I bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without.
Yeahh, im pretty sure i could've been talking about anyone but YOU assumed i was talking about you.
If more people who believed in #ufo sightings or even if those who are just curious, raised their voices the slightest, we'd have answers.
good luck home they changed the oil in it. Just flew a new delta yesterday
Our records say Saturday, December 10th.
how are you my friend?
stop talking like that..... it's annoying.
we got ya! Thanks for the shoutout.
Hi, my name is Nilos and I can update my twitter by talking to my phone..
“Out of our over-confidence, fear; out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.”~Bruce Barton
“: Keep it #1Hunnit or keep away from me.”
Well, got to go to sleep, school work non-stop! -_- Goodnight , I'm in love with #SaySomthin and you of course<3 Love you! :)
size 8 I just compared the UK size on the box ;)
thanks for the follow! We're doing our best to enrich the community just like you! :-)
Fun fact: When potato chips are called crisps, they are so much more enjoyable. Exhibit A: Walker's Cheese & Onion crisps. (I brace for ads)
Walking over to the meeting. Fight the power, etc.
sounds like the next one will be a little bigger
great idea for this page. The Yelp filter is total pay-to-play and needs to be exposed! Let me know how I can help.
Great workout :) gonna sleep all day for sure
Alhamdulillah comes out for
The PPA is an organization fighting for the rights of all players to play. We honor their commitment & offer a different service to poker.
So glad to hear it, thanks for the nice compliments!
#49 Bro, Gods love is only rivaled by His wrath, one day it will be poured out on sin & anything attached to the sin will be destroyed.
Stop retweeting these dummies lol RT : Cotto dipped out? I guess the Newspapers gotta be out on lawns by the morning...
Who be in Fell Point enjoying Privateers Day? Come by #thefashionattic! We still have lots of free piratey stuff!
Today's writing tip: We all have a story to tell, but keep in mind that you don't necessarily have to tell YOUR story to tell your story.
I hate when I'm a kill joy...
I would but I'm studying for this final tomorrow.. Feel free to get pieced after that lmaoo
Thanks so much! We LOVE the support!!
But there are four or five which really tap into the human spirit...I have always found them gorgeously moving.
ITS NOT WHERE UR AT ITS ALL ABOUT WHERE YOU SHALL BE!
In 1986 I was a supple 9-year-old boy who bought Ralph Snart Adventures - probably the first comic my mother confiscated
#PhelpsFamilyAbuse rumors true? Such as sad story. I feel bad for and No wonder we think they r so nasty.
We are celebrating our 2 yr. anniversary all day #ABQ! Come by and get your #FREE doughnut of choice at either of our locations.
I prefer Holiday. Holidays represent to me Thanks giving through New years-> multiple holidays
Yeah,your fucked.
We're hearing that a farm in Johnsonville, #MN was damaged from the #tornado. No injuries.
RT : I'll be in KC the 30th to speak at a Cerner dev conference with , interested in #nodebeers night before?
S/O to for taking his movement to heights unheard of and for bringing the #URL to the D.
remember first day of my first comm dis class. thought I accidentally walked into a womens studies class
Still have any KBS?
Just sitting here watching 's old videos fucking dying nbd
Warm weather + day drinking + day drinking = greatness.
The Grease Trucks, or what I miss the most about the Rutgers campus.
Meetings all day at #Bayer global HQ in Leverkusen, Germany. Also saw Cologne yesterday, quite a fun city!
- We are proud to support!
hah, you must have read Jesus Calling this morning :)
ha...ha...ha I was just listening to You are not alone and saving all my love. Oh Whitney...Oh Jesus, why lord.lol
OK, went to the gym. That got the blood flowing a bit. I just may be able to make it through this day after all.
those are actors :D
hi George! Sorry I was on a call earlier. :)
me too..
Stop calling me 'Shirley'!
No... Thank you for all the hard work. Blogging is sometimes a thankless job.
I'm back to "I don't know what to do with my life" again.
TUMBLR THAT FOOL
I just gained 20 followers from following Hit the follow button for her guys. #TeamFollowBack LEGGO
it looks like he might have a case of the morning zombies. i need 355 CCs of coffee, stat!
BUYING A BONG TOMORROW!
Is it red or white wine that goes with Crustables?
If I have to once more read about a man's seed quickening inside of a woman, I'm going to vomit up my own uterus.
Allegro had a wonderful weekend of performances - next Aug 20 Sat Noon at Arts Fest in Wheeling WV / WV Northern Community College Campus.
thanks for the follow from americangoods.com
Hamilton. Again.
Mexico won,yeah buddy!!!!
I work w/ Under Armour and saw you are running the NY marathon - we'd love to cheer you on with a small gift! DM me for details!
At the meeting. They really let have it!!
they moving Richards?
#fridayreads: Neal Stephenson's Reamde, on the Kindle, and Raymond Chandler's The Big Sleep, by the bedside table.
What's up ! Can't wait to see you tonight in #Austin!
thanks bro kause she needs to
LINK PLEASE.
Feeling better about this!
please follow me for my birthday!<3 i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow:) please?
Like I recently tweeted...he's absolutely #LINbelieveable !!!!
Absolutely! I LOVE coral. I love it with that gold rose clutch. Gorgeous.
Delightful? Really?!
#chucknorris jokes never get old. My boys keep me in a fresh supply.
don't be such a "genius" about it
Do something meaningful for the all mothers in your life -- vote Democratic on June 5. End the
Back from a work out at 24 hr fitness..
HELL YEAH!! WHAT COULD BE MORE FUN??
We Support You!
CDC explaining the recommendation process to attendees…more folks arriving -- 150 in here at present
that's all that would fit! I got a badunkadunk... For a white boy!
WILL DO THANK U
Best price!!!! Best Furniture!!!!!!
Don't be a woman and compete on a Food Network Competition. Big mistake.
So ready for this concert.
I'm good my man..gonna have a new baby in 1week
Sad to hear of Mike Kelley's death.
I will always be there for
everyday can be the best day, do what you can right now
Ah, I gotcha now.
I was thinking to same thing
You Been Delected Out My Life So Why Df You Still Texting Me For If I Don't Text Back.? Explain That.
Facebook feed: scrolling down: "youre a bitch." "hate you." "sick life." "inside joke?" "that's cool." "love that" "whore" LMFAAO
same to you and yours
When they just don't connect with each other they fail, the new kids try to impress when we need them to play and impress when they get it
Ran the #philadelphiabroadstreetrun yesterday 10 miles with no training my legs are shot. And all I want to do I lay down haha
lol cuz I'm Cupid!:b so I just decided to try an cuff you! Lmao
I love you!
Y do the pundits measure #Tebow like there's no expectation for improvement? Never seen a player where so many hoped for their failure.
John Lester pitching for the Red Sox 2nite, let's hope he can do the biz against Baltimore
#Shop #Kids Happy Thursday! With Spring Break almost over, check your #uniform inventory. Anything you need? We've likely got it! Email Kim
"Distribution decisions are just as important as content decisions in building and serving an audience."
I think I'm going to need to start hiding my ph0ne in my purse during work...otherwise the thing might grow permanently attached to my hand.
College of Podiatric Medicine Dean Honored for Student Mentorship
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Come on Alex...let's bust up Chen!!!! #LoveArod!
I hate when people say YOU HAVE CHANGED SO MUCH people never really do change. They are always the same but maybe they do something diff.
I'm running Windows 7 in VirtualBox in Windows 7 to run IIS. Is this the matrix?
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Don't answer that.
The Bones-man all the way! RT : So what's up peeps? Jon Jones or Rashad Evans? Who ya got? Can't wait! :)
Joseph Sandoval preorder T-shirts are now for sale ppl $20 if you want the second Sandoval/Bighead MMA shirts, thanks for yalls support ;)
I didn't even know "wastey face" was a pairing of words that could be used in a sentence.
Listening to RT : Make social media complaints work for you.
Lets go Man U!!! F*ck city.
Our wrestling parties go harder. Pics tomorrow morning to prove it.
He Said " I Guess I Have To Say Bye " - And I Said " No You Dont I Can Say It- BYE "
Did We Lose Likes ?
follow me 212
Restraining order or diet?
Russell Crow lookin ass!!!
Looks like a good day for the air force ones :)
Prom night in Saugus..
Sounds Awesome!:) hav fun tomorrow!:)
This has been a crappy day and my tap teacher has been on my behind since class started
I only picked up a large coffee today. The xtra large I got yesterday was huge! And it did not stay hot long enough.
love u
almost too predictable
Wait come back....oh well, at least my team is winning. *eats popcorn and sips cold beverage* lol
Glad to hear it! See you next time!
Thanks for mention!
Are you and co headlining with BTR?
nice to see at more and more places! Enjoying camelback IPA at 16th st bar and grill
DONE! looking forward to seeing you in The Avengers this weekend Mr. J...MF-ing AWESOME!
“after-hours hot sexual titties”
er How many raids on medical marijuana dispensaries.
Loved the bet awards my fav part is when justin bieber came out best bet awards ever ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
is giving away random gift cards for best #Instagram photos taken at the #PinkCarpetEvent tomorrow night!
Imagine by Jonah Lehrer. That's it. I expect to see it on everyone's #fridayreads tomorrow. Best book I have come across in awhile
yes yes yes! I believe a trip to get froyo should be in order
i DO NOT want to do this research paper.
Anyone have headphones they wanna lend me?
Tweet #5 on my personal account...
« I've met quite a few ppl in my job who demand that they should b doing this but when offered the opportunity, crash & burn
One minute of disorientation.
Thanks for the sweet review of one of my favorite bands, Way to call bassist "secret weapon."
Here's to a wonderful day!!!
Hahahah Dave's rental car is a Prius ayyeeee
RT : Q6 invest in schools that serve low-income communities. Support legislation that advances
Invasion of the Body Snugglers
So yeah, that stark disparity in +/- between Heat starters and Knicks starters I mentioned in the third quarter? It's out of the box now.
watching you guys drive through Iraq. Wait, you did what?
you should really check out cause soon they'll be Taking On The World :)
no way! i like the new design better :)
Some random guy on YouTube left me a message on my channel saying my videos need to be more professional. Lol.
Hi Cam, just wanna say whatever u do in music I believe u can acheive so much. Goodnite :-)
oh on its going to be so hot.
Wonder what you'd ever do if I went missin' on yo ass 🎶😉
Good Morning! :)
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday
Having last nights hot wings and beer for breakfast.
words cannot express, but i'll try: uhhhhhhhghghghgag
RT Congrats to the more than 6,000 new bachelor's, master's & doctoral grads who are getting their Hopkins degrees today!
Sat. the 26th:-) Julie & I will come down for the day. We'll get sunburnt & some good food. :-) See you then.
Just trying to get an ice water... The lady in front ordered a Venti Caramel Brule Latte with 4 shots of espresso and whip? Is that legal?
We are prosperous to the degree that we are experiencing peace, health and contentment in the world.
Woah. 5* defensive end Jon Allen is visiting this weekend. Safe to say Urbs has a defensive line fetish.
Love your app. would like to store "staples" grocery list & add menu to it weekly. any plans for something like that? THX!
is the game still on??
'...essential reading for anyone who wants to know how and why religion in the UK has changed...and what its place in our society is today'.
So great seeing you and catching up last night! . And I'm already taking your advice! ;)
Hurry up feb 18th. So I can go to the concert in indy. Hurry..
I have to let the facebook world know how cool it is to finally get a friend request from my father. Love you David Pyatt! Welcome to FB...
One more paper due monday and then i'm done writing until September!
ask the chicks at the mall,they might know or dhow u!! Btw how r u today??
"Either you part of the problem or part of the solution"
yes, I was at Boxers, it was really crowded!
how is the Holidays going for ya so far?
*deep ass voice* All these bitches wanna lick my ice cream.
Sounds exciting! Best of luck.
Girl belting out tunes below my office window, please stop. An hour of it has been quite enough thanks.
Bye Bye Casablanca :( hello Paris :) !!
Im really worried about him there's too many Georege Zimmermans out there!!
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Now playing Tory lanez - Friday the 13th
will sign youth concussion bill at Lambeau Field on Monday.
I like carpet! Eating it is amazing!
5 papers and 1 in-class final within the next 14 days. How does that even happen??? Ugh!
Great photo!
Okay...upon some advice from my good friend , I'm looking to restructure my website. But I'm going to need some help.
This is actually a vinyl sticker so you can even put it on the window if you want. They last FOREVER.
Where to do karaoke 2nite. I loved singing "POBRE DE MI" in South Texas with my honey bear Rene Oliviera, wink wink!
Sometimes it's good to just be silent and listen.
I do! I was asleep by 10:30 last night... Oops.
Just got the word! United Wisconsin has gathered 300K signatures to Recall Walker in 12 days! Gonna hit that 540,000 goal easy!
we need to make it a national movement and get it out there.
I like your nip. Just sayin'
that would be great. Maybe we can connect at the December 1st event?
reading through a ton of email
And now cops are pulling people over in the MOST inconvenient spots. This is RUSH HOUR, bitches.
thinks i may need a words with friends intervention.
Thank you for sharing my article Dave!
Fabulous! We carry Bliss Spa and are hosting a party for 's Midwest crew tonight!
I'm sure it's more something out of Animal House. But thanks, Pete!
Tonight's pint night is #Newcastle!
The energy here was great! Things are winding down - auctions over, raffle numbers selected.
U look betta rollin my loud
thanks for the shout out Mama and thanks for your recent purchases!
This is why everyone hates us whoops.
Good friday seems evil haha
thanks for the mentions and RTs: Org #culture friends to know.
I wonder how would think if the trailer ended by saying "Flux. YA w/ 50% fewer dumbasses than the next leading brand"….
Buy your tickets asap! Have a show coming up on May 26th 15$ hmu for more info!
love you too girl. Glad I got to see your pretty face
yeah, they should have been less lazy and just transferred their LP's to digital years ago.
Wrapping up Herculine Barbin (#Foucault) w/ students this week.
Congrats Marty! 100 playoff wins!
I hate deleting. I hate stress. I hate fighting. I hate crying.
How are you guys liking Denver so far
Bye bye NYC. It's been real
that's how i was monday!
gimme all your lovin'! all your hugs and kisses too!
spend hours scanning and editing crap-ton of material for someone only to have every email bounce when you try to send.
hahahahaha i love to dance!<3
The person who proposed the #THATCampPhilly session on "Digital Humanities with NO $$$" didn't show up to lead the program!
Looks like will be showing her face in Pewaukee this afternoon! Now we gotta clean off our desks!
THANKS BISHOP!
Look atcha face now! 👊
Thank you!
of course! How are you
I'll dig the fuckin' hole. I don't give a fuck. What is it, the first hole I dug? Not the first time I dug a hole. I'll fuckin' dig a hole.
When you move the world moves
Trying to keep the vibrations positive.
The journey is about strengthening communities in Mozambique after civil war, droughts, floods, and the continuing HIV/AIDS crisis.
As a 21-year-old Bruins fan, I must say that this awkward week off waiting for the ECF's has been unfamiliar territory.
Congrats to Randy Johnson on 300th win awesome feat
Did anyone else get a pro-tea party robocall yesterday? Bad enough when your friends subvert the do-not-call registry , but now . . .
you know it. Enjoy the game.
I haven't talked to them yet, I haven't sent like a legit video one of the guys is helping me and showing his producers
The Edgar for best paperback original goes to The Company Man
People who throw kisses are mighty hopelessly lazy.
the round green fox hopped over the boring dog.
Dear females, the time I have to play games I spend on Call of Duty.
San Diego next for the Crew, will be staying up late to watch games this week.
So Rachel Cohn and David Levithan are done?
Social media allows people to connect online to form relationships for personal or business purposes.
who the f
I'll be your Valentine.
A bat got into my apartment the night before my roommate and I had to take a prelim exam in grad school. We almost died.
You're cheap if you get off brand solo cups.
OMG!! Thanks guys - I'm so thrilled and will keep spreading the word about Expensemagic! Have safe travels back to London and dm me wh ...
GREEN GREAT SHOW IN NEW ORLEANS..NO4.
Wow, that's intense! Nice work!
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound? Those games barely count.
no, not that Stoked about that friendly, Bundesliga anyone? :-) It will be fun none the less
#Avenue #TheHottestTopic aka #TheWordOfMouth let's talk about it.. Currently working on #NightmareBoulevard I'm loving this project already
Have you told Niall his beautiful yet?
Thank you for enjoying it! RT : Oh, how I love your Querry! M... Thank you for shipping to Minnesota!
Made my one sports bet of the year today.. Fired on pats -3 and over on 53. Not a great start.
Happy New Years Eve...CHOOSE TO CELEBRATE!!!!!
I'M WALKING ON MOTHER FUCKING SUNSHINE. IT FEELS LIKE THE CHARRED SKULLS OF CHILDREN.
The shit ppl do neva seem to amaze me keep ur enemies close
Jonah hill I hope!
wait what??
...which guy?
If you like historical fiction, check out "Wings of a Dream" by A great story with great writing!
Okay what the fuck you stupid phone. Why are you deleting all my locked messages :(
Conservative remnant: I absolutely despise when people wear a Marine uniform item as a part of some sort of fashion statement.
Contract negotiations this AM. Stay dry #saveourclinics. Storms on the way. I'll be down to 6337 S Woodlawn this afternoon.
Great first board meeting!
love the municipal boundries on google maps. cities annex sprawl even though tax revenue is lower and costs higher than denser development.
RT Back patio for brunch w/ The Paper Twins
who is getting excited for this Thursday night?! which restaurant's food are you looking forward to?
then txt me!;)
Lunch lunch lunch lunch yum yum yum yummy. Hope your having a great day. Milwaukee is fantastic when the sun is shining. Best city ever
We on the road pushin it to Texas to reunite with our mommie we miss her so much can't wait to hug n kiss on her:-)
May the fourth be with you niggaz.... i've never even watched star wars, get at me.
Hey Nick, I have soccer playoffs tonight! You think you can help me get ready for it with a few wise words?<3
John Stamos just walked in. Will he perform?
Thanks for the Follow Mates. UK-USA!!
that's awesome! Congratulations! Even if you are about to become a Longhorn... ;)
It's 's birthday, and you can't a word in edgewise on !
RT : Tonight, get out of the rain and join me at for something warm. I'm playing from 8-11pm.
don't worry - I also still use the phrase "in vogue" - or sometimes "En Vogue" --
haha thank you!
#valentines day is a stupid holiday pushed on us by hallmark, florists, jewelers, candy companies and restaurants. Yuck!
So excited to perform in two days....are you ready for us Clarksburg? www.allegrodancecompany.net coming with big suprises!
Actually perusing the print (gasp) version, thanks! MT so long as we're in jolly England ...
Alex follow me<3
Gotta love the "newspaper" train commuters who can't help hogging the arm rest and flappin' the flippin' paper in your face.
#TXLege Senator Kirk Watson is on the live YNN Lege show now regarding Voter ID.
Gotta love Bob Baffert's sense of humor after a heart attack. Shoots a video of Sheikh Mohammed visiting him in hospital in Dubai. Get well
I am soo hungry. There's nun in this house I wanna eat & I don't wanna buy anything to eat either
Yes Im Drinkin Whiskey..Baby I Am Gone Tonight, NBC Is Not The Only Thing I'm Comin' On Tonight-#Childish Gambino
I just payed money to Google for Google services. Never thought I would ever have to do that.
Why can't it be Easier?
Being from the Midwest helps you destroy at bowling.
We can't stop laughing! (or replaying)
Belated wedding gift (I got married in Sept. '07) just arrived: his and hers BB guns. From the editor of a poetry magazine, no less.
lucky...I'll be doing a play report tomorrow...all day
no strings attatched like the cordless phone.
#Tigerswishlist Brandon Inge as hitting coach
Reppin' the Wisconsin shorts and shirt for favorite college day
giraffes are the coolest animal hands down.
and I'm a wee bit late... Holla! And early. TGIF!
I'm thinking they blew the Patti tribute.
I will do so and pass it along
Yummy dinner with . Steak and Jake rhyme. Not a coincidence.
RIP Davy Jones
seems like pitching is very deep across the league. Which to me is good. I'd much rather watch a 2-1 game over a 9-7 game.
Haha. That *actually* made me laugh-out-loud.
Happy belated birthday, Matt! Hope u had a great day & hope your knee gets better soon so u can pop back onto the field! :)
