They call her love love love love
nobody has been able to get a hold of tony for the past three hours..
Tired. Goodnight Tweeters!!!!
Have you asked your boss what they need from you? How they think you add value? You should!
thought you were gonna respond w/ "Vienna"
Lmao My Girl Tweeted That A LONG Time Ago.
Cya later Dayton!
- Hot technology, Love it!!
I seriously have the sweetest bf ever esp since he's up with me right now cause of course I have morning sickness.
If you sell drugs but make less money than a nigga w/ a full time job then maybe you should ask that nigga for an application .
I met Charo at the party. She kept calling me Patricia. After the 3rd time I accepted Patricia as my Charo name.
triple clicking goes back a song
we need a group of crazy people now!
“: To God Be The Glory.... #theIntroduction” it's a must that I get this project.
Me either « I still ain't see project x»
Happy easter everyone! (:
Aw your sweet, so glad I got to see you!!!
if I was I woulda been #NFLdraft'in it while eating a stolen #tapa from . Why? What's up?
"We all come to this work with our own story." -Judith Kahn
Btw did ya'll notice the Greenhornes are playing with Eric Burdon(!). That's gonna be amazingly awesome
hey Austin! My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(:
Stress free feeling > liver cancer
Big week for college football showdowns....grab an adult beverage and make yourself comfortable in front of your HDTV.
Anyone know how long Fanatics tickets are on sale for? I thought we could buy them at any time... ???
RT : Sandra Fluke got engaged. Rush Limbaugh not invited to the wedding.
Dear Miami, you are completely and utterly ridiculous. Sincerely, everywhere else in the world.
Don't pay a damn bill... I know my relatives want their own peace and space but they cant have it cuz he free loading.
I pure zoomed in to her eye and me phone was literally raping her face hahaha x
I hope hurricane Rina takes it easy on my friends in Cancun 
The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure.
First day of shooting for Skin Folk completed! Updates coming soon!
I totally have the Berlin Mall commercial from my hometown stuck in my head...
Merry Christmas everybody !! Stay blessed and beautiful ;))
just the usual Rachelle! the usual!
I Love it!!!! Be sure to have tissues handy I haven't fully cried yet but I have she a few tears. It is so good!
i Think Moved To Australia And Didnt Tell Us! #ComeBack #WeMissYouMaggie <3
So ready to get home to my bed!!
Yes: especially for developers its basically the biggest false economy people make
you got it!
-- oh absolutely, life is to short to not be :-P
National Kiss Day...more like National Mano Day! Lol
I really want to be fluent in spanish
It was ugly cn him in the hospital
you're preaching to the choir
Not true, I would love it if you sent me Crazy emails ;)
A7a. The same way we operationalize/measure anything in business. quantify it and track.
No on SOPA Mr. Senator!
You're so punny!
thts wats up u will get it
Not many things as boring as rendering video. Ugh
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 13
oh they bout to find out!
Kheri Hilson radio on Pandora making my 8:30 clock in rainy morning at work flow smoother
Your welcome Anytime lol:)
Me too! You have the most beautiful coffee shop in the world! RT : loved seeing you!!
yea the part where they haven't beaten an FBS opponent since last October.
Site did not launch as expected. We'll try again in a few months. 11/11/11
WAY TO BEAST IT UP ON THE TRACK TONIGHT!!!(: YOU WERE PROBABLY LIKE LIGHTENING(;
on top of that she said buy food NOT WEED
i love ur videos so much
Today's Soups: Cheezy Potato Unstuffed Green Pepper
Label contest for Know of any good labels to enter for FREE? E-mail them to !
Does anyone know the real ?
lol I just realized that my phone didn't show the other tweet haha
John Mayer went all cowboy on me this new album. But you know, I'm not mad at all.
I broke up with my sweety. I feel like an ass. :'( I am just not ready for a relationship. :'( Im not over Nathan.
what's the differences?
Sadly, no. It uses capsules, but not k-cups. It retails for over $2,000 so can't sell for $25.
Allergies allergies allergies :(
ah ya gotta play! And the show is here on long island in a town called amityville
And what about when Pens fans wear black jerseys?
I studied international politics at When did you graduate?
Are any of my Denver people going to be at the Rockies game tonight
My hand is itching ---> its actually my trigger finger... where that paper at?...
The world of Entertainment is the world of business and as such, ignorance is never rewarded here.
That teacher got me messed up if she thinks I'm gonna watch a baby being born.
is at Erie brew by the bay festival. You fall in yet?
Dare I ask how many yrs?
“ Everytime i see your face, my heart smiles.”
Why did the colts pick another tight end
I notice the blossoming flowers everywhere this spring. They serve as a reminder that a flower doesn't TRY to blossom, it just does.
In celebration of #WHM we’ll be highlighting some of our amazing female principals bringing positive change to their schools. #StayTuned!
Haha! I've seen this before...had to remind myself to not look up :) RT Con of being short: I see unintentional nose hair.
Amazing how quickly corporate culture can change when top management makes it a priority and middle management executes.
I don't know how I organized my lesson plans, notes, and thoughts before #Scribner. Well worth the $40
how do you expect to pay for college and get both of those
no thank you for supporting!
Will iPad app be available publicly? Hopefully, but want to perfect in gallery first #AAM2012 can't wait!!!
hold up you're in portland, mind coming to my house?
had a gf but i didnt know that...
I'm Great Thanks
much love back!
Ever have one of those days when you just know it's fork in the road?
Ravens kick a field goal to make it 10-3!
thanks for the follow!
When uses twitter >
“: wow lucky you ! I wish you the best of luck ! :D” Thank you so much! Wish you could come!
With Azra at Sake House! We just ordered Baby Ocotopus and Spicy Scallops this should be interesting
I hate not being sleepy
Congrats of on winning the Justice Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
Students want/expect to contribute to their world by curating products & taking part in their learning development
We finally hit 2000 followers. Thanks Columbus!!
oh yeah I know wut u talkin bout
I'm tired of all these made-up National Holidays :?
because i'm princess, duh.
yippee! here we go
Thanks for the tw-love
Now that it's all said and done, I can't believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down, like an old abandoned house.
Has signed on to do the artwork panals for the book. stay tuned for great things, more to follow soon
thanks for following, Kathryn!
Yeah I Fu*k Up... But Just Know I'm A Beauitful Fu*k Up:)
Six Feet Under was such an amazing show. I miss it.
B Day, I see your DC Talk and raise you Steven Curtis Chapman and Newsboys.
thanks for the quick response
I once wrote & directed a show that required the entire audience to stand and do the Chicken Dance. That's how I roll, sunshine.
#ICantStand a skinny booty bitch that take pics like she got ass
I demand you do it, crafty-person!
IM GRN W/ NV RT : Got an email from an RN / medical leader who has 6 different credentials after her name, totaling 16 letters.
Thanks, PC!
All #vegans & #athletes, Follow & check out the site! Eat kind.Be strong
My mother is a little special.
RIP lil Wayne. Your greatness stops at The Carter IV
it's cold where I am too! Gonna stick it out though :)
Ugly first half by KU, almost as bad as Louisville's ode to Syracuse jerseys.
I appreciate seeing great Black mothers on tv, even going through a divorce. Great job!
RT i watch that video j. Real talk from front to back!" Glad you got something from it. Follow will do sir.
did not enjoy meeting Newt Gingrich.
Clemson >>>>NC State
Ewww!! Which one?
ITS A NICE DAY N THE CHI
Have u gone to our website yet? If you play the "proverbs game" and guess all of them right...you get a free torta. Check it!
RT : No Need For Friends! Fuck Friends! Friends Turn In To Bustas!!
Preach. RT : Haven't been tweeting much, I guess I'm still in shock of what Beyonce wore to the Met Gala.
Getting truly psyched for Spring Retreat 2012!! It is shaping up to be amazing (as they always are)!!!
Technology for Blended Learning w/ Betsy Corcoran of includes beta preview of new site, lots of references and resources
Is this thing on?
That is hilarious! Like the explanation in there for non-parents, too. Great start to your day!
56: You just followed me(: Haha we've never talked before but you're cutee. :D
Even the long ranger didnt do it alone-Harvey MacKay
Sometimes its good to take at step back and notice their are better places to be.I hope your happy were your at in LIFE iam being Me.
WHAT? WORLDWIDE BY BIG TIME RUSH?! PLEASE, OH PLEEEAAASE SEND ME A LINK.
Shaved = the best feeling ever,,, so refreshing :))
Wow I'm in a room of 70+ Baltimore business leaders who have not read Christensen...
We are still looking for vocalists if anyone is interested!
Fun!!!! Can't wait;) Is it cotton candy?
and thanks for checking out the app!
How did you respond at first? I would have been hard pressed to keep from saying something right then.
I bought cream cheese too! I'm almost baking right this second, and I'm excited!
Congrats on the new #steelers deal and great meeting you at the offices. You're why we watch. Get it? Lol...
I Need All Of You's To Brace Yourselves For That #BadLuckEntertainment & Vibe.. It's Coming .
only one of my legs is burned and its on my thigh so now my legs are wierdly colored xD no more white legs tho lol
just wanted to say I friggin love you!!:D
Gotta Finish Packin so we can be outta here in the Mornin.
REVOSD needs some volunteer graphic design work done to set the stage for our future. Want to be involved? Let us know!
A-freaking-men. ": Being a woman is a difficult task, mainly because it involves dealing with men."
just say the word..."its about to go downn"
Whitney Houston what's Bobby Brown going to do now.....
The starting stack was 30k
I'm surprised she's not making movies anymore. She is adorable.
Just saw that it's going to be the final season of #DesperateHousewives WTF?!?!
I hate saying it, but Cassel sold that fake a bit ago
Goodluck to my hoochie friend jp shes not a hoochie, :D. atleast she can be liek me and have a knee operated on!
Happy valentine's day to both of you. I hope you each have had a good day.
Hammie is a born star just like his daddy
I suppose I'll go to bed then.
I forgot my lab packet in my locker so I have 40 questions to do during lunch... I only have like half an hour. Wow I'm screwed.
A successful ! Go !
RT : Success is the best woman i can ever ask for
Please follow me(; 18
I think it takes a pile of bricks for us to make a home, and I’m not sure but I hear mountains grow from just one stone.
This is when the coaching becomes tough. Best part for people who love strategy
Happy New Year! :-)
Why does every guy with a hummer also have a custom plate? It's like saying "not only am I a douchebag, but I also like dicks in my ass"
Happy Birthday !!!!!
That sounds delightful, actually. Thanks! Add some rum and that could be a thing.
So many people angry at the world... Chill out!!!
Thanks! What's Wine Wed.? RT : Happy #WineWednesday !
NTS; remind to ask for a Hawaii crewneck when my cousin visits vancity for the wedding :D
PBS on in background w/ documentary on foundations of Catholicism. Don't know who this presenter priest is, but he knows jack abt history.
Thanks ! a good listen! only 15 minutes long about "Why you will fail to have a great career"
We all agree now, right? Fist bumps must explode at the end
MUNCHIE EXPRESS IS CLOSED TONIGHT DUE TO EASTER.
lol I do that al the time! Hahaha :D <3
Former Gov Rendell: SS should be means tested. "I made more $ last yr than when mayor,gov,& still got $28k in SS.u can't even send it back!"
Thanks to the forget!
Practice tonight with the guys! I love our new studio and the new songs that we are writing!!! Can't wait to play them for everyone!
When u stop to think about it, the reason #soccer coaches say "We're taking it one game at a time" is because they haven't won 2 in a row.
Hey ! I am interested in #SWMilwaukee! Let me know how I can help AND participate again!
Dean Levit thanks NARF for its willingness to partner on these important human rights issues. "The time is right, the need is there."
not me. but i am ready to space out :)
Winner didn't use #RUSHHOUR. Sites says "To enter the giveaway, followers will tweet us their entries with the hash tag #RUSHHOUR"
I pray that I get this job! 🙏🍦
Boy, just hold me
Really a job for outsiders ... info available in .csv & SQL ... wouldn't be surprised if someone already has built something ...
So glad that you enjoyed our writing!
Bobby Fresh Family: We really appreciate everyones support in Retweeting all of our Blog posts you all have been a great asset to this line!
Do you know the definition of Small Business?
first person Chris call was Billy Hunter lol
Chemicals used bind tighter to cannabinoid receptors than THC does, allowing the chemicals to fully activate these receptors
been hoopin all over u since grade 6 t james
When I see a Prius W/O it's "Coexist" & "Obama '08" bumper stickers I get worried..& then a little sad..
:16 Graphic Design & Art majors honored at Addys. Same day as MBB title, weekend of great play in theatre.
I got new shoes for softball......
... you and glasses today lol :P
double digits #PA's (Potential Assists)
Audi buys Ducati. As if those bikes weren't already panty droppers (yes, I said that. no, I'll never admit to saying that.)
I need a CD with Holiday Road on it before I head down to Cali in a few weeks.
I cannot wait to see YOU. #yaaaaaay 😊
Flying up there to retrieve them if I have a problem with customer service.
Also, if you have my phone number .. Text me caps/rangers updates..
You have strong religious beliefs, yet you sin every day. Why not be real to who you are instead of fake to ancient ideals
why do up hate gay people so much?
but like I am like like totally mature!!! :);):P 69
I curled up inside myself and hid from the pain.
your mom! Jk...my girl lol. What's up tho man? You back home yet?
I miss you too.
How was Pansy Brunch/Circle Degree ?
Coffee time
Its OFFICIAL i Yung Kush am NOT ATTENDING The FUNCTION & THe GAURD to Perform BONITA Its Like Im Not Even On THE SONG
Let me get this straight: Rita Ora has a song about having fun with your friends, regardless of the season? She is a visionary.
Bob's Big Boy :) I'm so hungry!
its ok :/ he was flirting with other girls nd he said I wasnt the rite one for hem but oh well I still have adolfo ;D
I should be asleep, but this stupid bio project is keeping me awake. .-.
'The Rock' is by far his best if you ask me. Plus Sean Connery, Ed Harris... Great cast.
Strong week for the Mavs. Cranking out hard fought W's even in an injury riddled year.
Despite the fact that it's an utter cheese-fest, I'm kind of addicted to "Ringer." The intrigue! The plot twists! The shoes!
I always work Mon -Fri and report in the 11pm newscast. I had to stay late tonight to get fans reax to Caps game. I'm tired.
Mark Bartolomeo, #Verizon, nicely summarizes what #LEFEP calls the Janus paradox: innovation vs. security; integration vs. agility
yea I mean she was prob like "shoot my chapters not as great as GK" so just jealou
The one who pursues revenge should dig two graves. -Chinese Proverb
the kids tell their story and experience the best! They have so much insight and they will push for a better society
A-STATE FANS: Did you know: The grass hills inside the stadium will be open for the fans to sit for the first time in school history
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Would you like to come back to my place? My mom won't mind........
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the Norfolk newspaper Day-Book expressed concern over the increased drinking habits of CSA officers...
of course it's big talk--you guys didn't even get a SINGLE run!
so it's because he's not cleared, thats the only reason..??
Google: Non-branded keywords are more important than branded.
That last twitcast was Tom Morello et al at The Woody Guthrie Centennial Concert bringing down the house at Club Nokia. Awesome stuff!
huh, I don't quite get it, but I'm listening! We should talk more, oh wise creative idea guy;)
I only cheer this girl on because her name is Carol. Lol favoritism
Big drinkers need big knives.
vouchers should be one of the options. Takes a strong mayor to bring people together.
GROWL pay walls GRR no access even through UIUC libraries BOO the 3/5 publishers of 30 yr old articles on Rancho La Brea
That, sir, is why you make the big bucks. A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
My Eyes have been rolled lol RT When I hear that special tune go off on my iPhone, and I know it's him. >>>>>
My job here in Afghanistan reminds me of a job I had 13 years ago. I still enjoy it, but I wouldn't be the person I am if I hadn't left it.
1st day of a new semester is much different when all your classes are online. What courses are other #libraryschool people taking this fall?
Distil is the perfect place to warm up, enjoy delicious food and experience unbelievable cocktails! Plus tonight we have Live Music!
White frames With Black Ears.
Hey alejandro-stop callin stop callin, I don't wanna think anymore bc u can't read my poker face!! LADY GAGA TONIGHT!!!! Be jealous!!
Well I finally have made my decision for American Idol....SHANNON MAGRANE!!
There will be friendships lost this week. Haha. This is going to be the longest week ever. #Cats/Cards
I haven't powered up my desktop since college ('08). I just might take a peek this week, thanks to you. Kinda scary!
nothing visible, no flames or smoke plume, no way to direct them to a place, just smells
Brooksie will always refer to Brooks Robinson
Watching Meet the Press & this #GOP hype makes me sick. Bye, bye, #NBC #Meetthepress I hate yellow journalism, Change your name to FauxNews!
This week at Disco Volante #Oakland our special guest will be LaTiDo featuring Edgardo Cambon from Uruguay
Awesome children's librarians at Central. Spent the day asking loads of questions. Really should have gone to bed early last night.
u r cruel.
#ouch #sorry #i #fell #asleep #on #u!
LA UP.
Good morning starshine the earth says hello.
Just seen a man on a horse going down cermak.
I like to picture jesus in a tuxedo t-shirt, because it's formal, but it says 'i'm here to party.'
Low Carbon Economy = Economic Growth, Break the Cycle,banks deleveraging by $2.6tn -...
hello all my twitter follow me!
Well watching hockey can be very busy Sometimes especially when one team u like plays at 7est/5mst and the other plays at 7 or sometimes 8
Representing at the Metro Atlanta Chamber event. A great place for business leaders to #network!
what you need to do is write a song about a guy who always ends up in the friend zone with a woman. Call it just friends
Dear heart, why you gotta break? He's just a boy.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
I love cookies.
Woah! Who is it?
Welcome to all the new realtors who have recently joined our fan page!
writing up an agreement but thanks for the warning. I'm not a fly by your seat kind of person so I will be fine. Thanks.
Had a lot if fun with you all this morning. Tomorrow I'll bring more Drake tickets with to the show if you promise to listen.
u dont have a work boo?
The #Bravo 'hold your tongue' commercial is spot on! Looking forward to your new talking show!
your tje kid kid 
Journalists are going to town on headlines today via ESPN "World Peace is Suspended for 7" oh no!
hahahaha nah I talk to you on twitter everyday I don't look at you like a complete stranger. I was just really busy.
I wish you were there, too!! But will definitely send hugs and raise a mug to you!! :) xoxo
Bob Uecker is one of the reasons I'll always be happy listening to baseball on the radio. His donut rant just made my afternoon.
#bieberdeservesrespect he does everything he can to help others!
Ugh, fine. I'll watch the Hunger games on opening day in a Turrell designed private home screening room. If I have to...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pm-close 30% off EVERYTHING for service industry workers
Violence is the way stupid people try to level the playing field.
come visit Providence, where all things mafia are in our (rather recent) roots
#ImThatPersonWho Says what i feel.
I'd recommend trying out the vivobarefoot shoe line. I use to like vibrams, but now i'm a hardcore vivobarefoot dude
per month!
The biggest lie I tell myself is “I don’t need to write that down, I’ll remember it!" Anyone else?
congrats!! We know first hand what a great volunteer you are!
oh I wasn't complaining about the call. you call what you have to call. complaining about Pouliot taking dumb risks.
Teaching on 'The Heart of Worship' & 'Worship 101' today here in beautiful Rio Grande, Ohio!
The U.S. wins Group C. And the longest match in Wimbledon history still has no winner! Now, I can finally get back to writing.
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!! Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
Do you follow ? That's the Friends of the Soldiers Home, a new community group dedicated to the Armed Forces Retirement Home
right back to you
lol it was about wardrobe and I am...
So shot right now. This drive hung over is shit lookin forward to the dboy after these appts.
is there a white report or document that talk about this. you could write a commentary about subject that could be in #S4PM www
I am impressed with the amount of media coverage Americans Elect is getting....being a total failure is good publicity!
Peace and love everyone, thank God for another day
I'm sort of in the same situation weighing my happiness versus more money. For me, I would rather be happy.
Enjoy eFacialMasks.com's special promotion: Complimentary GROUND shipping on all orders $149.99 & more for orders within the 48 US states.
: I shoot Nikon!
i went to buy some panda expree it soo yummy (:
Glad Whitney is back. Bring on the flow!!!
Yeah, I think shit's gonna start going down about 3:30 or so. The helicopters are loud. Homeland Security has lots of SUVs
The Class of 2012= an incredible group of people with huge hearts. You're all going to be dearly missed. Best of luck in changing the world
#BossLadyBoost: man's own good breeding is the best security against other people's ill manners. -Lord Chesterfield
you go girl!!!
Entenmann's chocolate doughnut dunked in ice cold milk ...
Today is the vernal equinox. Do something celebratory.
&US media would be all over it.But since he is innocent, US ignores.When will u talk about this?
Well Louisville will be destroying UK in football, but next years basketball game is going to be
Damn, is on my Netflix. Kids watching old Shark Weeks and there's Matt jabbering at me in HD.
You're invited to the Steeltown FILM FACTORY'S panel discussion from industry professionals and the staged readings of our 10 finalists!
our first #OpOliver 5k was a success thanks to YOU. We love you and will keep running with #TeamMCVET! So incredibly grateful
So tired...but still want to drink my wine and finish watching Water for Elephants.
thanks. Love :)
An incredible performance tonight by the Texas keeper. The Horns came so, so close. In the game all the way thanks to Gaul's saves.
Watching The High to Low Project with Great idea! This show is exactly what I try to do with all my Redesign clients. Love it!
Sunday I'll b apart of #CENATION n always will b. we gt yo back, ima b like Fuck Sunday ima tweet it right b4 yaw match.
when are they airing GUTS and The Legend of the Hidden Temple? Two FAVORITE shows.
it would depend. Were they local? ; )
Classroom time is spent dealing with the problems students are having. Homework happens in class.
they could change their name to thievingvulture
Hey BFF , how was your program today. Sorry I couldn't make it !!!!!!
girl power!
Blake is too damn hot tonight.
oh hey sry I didn't see this until now haha. I'll make sure to tell him :)
Grandma called. Birthday: complete
Looking to move so I am applying to 2 jobs a day. Fingers crossed and resume updated!
I want a baby wolf...
": I lied tomorrow is not birthday but bday #whoop whoop 🎉🎉🎁🎈"<---yes ma'am!!
I can't wait to see my nephews tomorrow, totally keeping me going right!
Looking for talkback panel participants for "Bully" on 5/5-Caroline Tucker from News8 will be moderating-send your ideas! Thanks!
Hello, I'm Bella, How are you?
Volunteered for #StMary's food bank for #RJReynolds "United Ways of Giving" feels good to
GOOD LUCK CCLAX!! and the rest of the
Houston, TX and Lafayette, LA stand up!!! We everywhere, u never there!!!
very disappointed to learn united suspending flights from
I want to go outside but I don't want to interact with my neighbor.
The Award for Innovative Leadership goes to Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger!
Falling in love and getting hit by a train is kinda the same.
Lol.....without saying much....I agree with you lol
Hey , have you decided your TV sked for today/this week? Have you decided to share with us yet? :-)
#ThingsIDislike when my gum falls out of my mouth because in laughing too hard
What's in an Innovator's DNA? Questioning, Networking, Observing, Experimenting.
Need a Massage & a Good Sleep #Drain.d 4 the weekend
OMG dinner was ah-maze-ing!!
Need creative fundraiser / earning commissions $$? See change change in District 7! www.votehenrybrim.com
Love my senior girls so much. Last night was so much fun!!!! 😝 #dontleave 😪😪
“: RT if you always skip the first piece of bread.”
Really wishing would text me back :(
Buy an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte! Offer valid all day, every day until 10/31.
The "Oscars Outdoors" summer series looks neato. If the MTA gets that Orange Line extension up and running by then, I will definitely go!
The car adapter is a good idea! We have a little portable dvd player that helps on the trips we haved taken so far.
Best nightt eva! I <3 the so much!<3 I touched his pants & his hands & he sprayed champange all over the crowd<3.
so this must be that "butterflies" feeling people talk about.
When you walk with a friend or a dog on a saturday night it's fun...if you are alone you are drunk and/or sans car.
That said, I do like Kuric. Not better than Wiltjer, but he's good for Lville. Last night not withstanding.
OMFG I was already in a pissy mood, and now it seems that Connexion lost all my settings and macros. Grrrr
Interesting how the biggest issue in a presidential election year is the creation of things that are so ambiguous.
baseball games on consecutive nights for a football reporter? How does Great American Ballpark compare to Coors?
Twitter is the best invention in life.. I can bitch about stupid people and they will NEVER KNOW
These extra events are hard to promote, add little value and take away focus from real revenue opportunities.
hehe Carson (: its okay
It smells like a barbecue outside. I want to go!!!
Pacifica Quartet, Wigmore Hall, review: There's a strange, haunted quality about Shostakovich's music writes Iva..
I didn't know you were lady dating other people! I don't know how to feel.
Hot date with my bed. So pumped for tomorrow. #gonnabethebest with my Chelsea
Five year plan: be brave, be flexible, have a plan...
Lmao...I cannot & yes my name is Carla. Wait what's yours? Oh & hi Alli :-)
Lakeville North (Section 1) and Grand Rapids-Greenway (Section 7) earned Class 2A state tournament bids Thursday night.
- i would love to see some of the photos of #BmoreFail you mentioned you had taken! Have you posted them anywhere already?
The sound of this kid's voice makes my ovaries burst <3
The baddest is the future.
is working on a new website for Phone readings across America!!!
So many ways to interpret this and they all make me laugh. RT : If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
There's been a Gronkowski sighting!
Favorite song (so far) from #casehistories: Mary Gauthier's Mercy.
The donations for our #RollsofLove Drive for keep rolling in! Thanks to all of you who are donating!!
Cant wait for the new season of#BBW .... Drama drama drama
Hell ya man, sick trick.
Easy dish
Bridal shoot today!
On way to San Jose, advisory board meeting at SJ Museum of Art. A 'hidden collections' grant project. SJSU interns will get some paid work!
We opened up the app for the UK! Would love to get some early adopters across the pond. ;-)
: You’re welcome! Enjoy the rest of your week!
why the break? you guys did a great job, i know how much work goes into this stuff! we'll miss you!
If Your "FRIEND" Know U Like somebody , why would she flirt with him? Hmm
Blessings to you and your bride!
Keep Following my New Back-Up
Per Congressional Budget Office report: From 1979-2007 the Top 1% Income Growth 264% , 6 times the growth rate of 40% for the 99%.
Been there, done that.
They racist as hell on Xbox Live..
I Wonder Who Came Up With All These Weed Names....
im polo down head to toe but what does dis shit matter towards the world Craig top flight security of the world Craig the world
Someone should invent heated car tires so when the roads are slippery the traffic on them will melt them 🚗🚙🚕 🔥🔥🔥
Ok, thanks for telling me, Just followed back.
Daughter one is coming home tomorrow. Happy, happy happy!
Doing great! Hope you're well.
ask and you shall receive ;) #WeAreHomo!! Lol
yeh we can! And I bet there was, need to get me some;p & definitely lol
Preparing to watch new movie #RedState Time Warner HDVOD and I get it for 48 hours... Guess I know what I am doing tomorrow.
My Lord is Amazing 
Even though its Mother's Day i really don't feel like dealing with my family.
SMILErs - Safe travels & we'll C U @ the Host Chief's reception. Tuesday at 6 p.m. at XYZ. Thank you #SMILEcon Aloft Hotel
lol he feel the same way I do
ok but how cuz I'm new at this
Thanks Cassie, after being the Mad Hatter at Hoot-A-Ween I wasn't sure what to do. haha
Sounds like a very pleasant day! A spreadsheet is an excellent idea.
Happy Birthday, keep making good music!!
Had a week to get used to reader, and I still don't like the changes. It's a jumble of RSS w/ wildly different personalities.
The Bronco's offensive line is playing pretty good. Tebow has all kinds of time to pass or run.
Shrimp Salad on Croissant at St Paul Fish RT I don't like bagel sandwiches because everything squishes out when you bite it.
Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Is it lunch time yet? I can't take this!!
Bradley Cooper in talks for 'Paradise Lost' is the worst headline I've read in a long time.
Philly bound tonight!
Happy St Patty's Day!
Last pan of Scatch Home-made Banana Pudding SOLD!
Omg FAT BETTY. Amazing
Not one panel/pres. on English lit in Singapore, Malaysia or the Philippines at #mla12. Three rich & critical canons, completely ignored.
Morgan: The students were not that different from one institution to the next...they are free agent learners.
The Towering Mount McKinley – Denali, Alaska | AbsoluteVisit - The ...
Watched #JohnCarter yesterday. Not bad, not groundbreaking. Although I'd watch it over again just for Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
She said that i "look like a bitch" smh LOL you poor underprivileged,homeless shelter looking girl!
What is your biggest challenge?
It's a really good feeling when you start to feel your brand finally come together :)
See the amazing Michael Flowers' video mash-up tribute to Michael Jackson at www.filmflowers.com/live. He did it in 1 day & is still a noob.
Jacob Bell retiring makes sense & of course if my man was ready to leave the #NFL due 2 his health I would totally support him
just responded :)
If you haven't seen the new #Gurnee Holiday Inn, you need to get down here and see how amazing it looks!
Sox Park is on now in imagekind.com...just type in Pyka!
super crazy
Day 1 1017: emerging briefly from the trenches to dress my wounds and fortify my defenses. By which I mean "caffeine"
Congrats Jacqueline Kennedy for getting a SAG waiver on Joyful Noise - starring DOLLY PARTON AND QUEEN LATIFAH
mayfly? Wish I was there. :)
ok hon have a good sleep
ohh ok just wondering bc i saw a thing off craigslist lol
I think too much.
Maybe Buenos Aires
hope u got some!
ah I'll just wing it!
Party and bullsh*t and party and bullsh*t
"Ten Items or Less" line. Not sure why so many people can't count anymore these days.
Phew. Lot of writing crammed into such a tiny time window.
Coachella set attendance record this weekend. 80-85,000 people came out ()
please follow us!
$15 per class session for beginners & level 2 Private class $75 per hour per person Program cycle special for Beginners $75
If you need someone to tell you to stop worrying about something, from boys to tests, I'm here for you. It has been my job the last few days
#FIFA #WorldCup WEDNESDAY HUGE DAY for USA and ENGLAND, catch it all live @ KELLS - Simultaneous kick-offs @ 07:00 am. Don't miss it!
Happy Valentine's Day!
You inspire all of us, Justin. Thank you for a great 2011. Maybe this will be my year to meet you...#NeverSayNever right? <3
#BottomlessCup, 2nite , Doors open 10pm to 3am, NEW FORMAT< NEW DJ's, best #Afterhours, club in Town, #HipHop,
Is it a Joke ? None of the state or federal Courts in Florida will even FOLLOW Tennessee v. Lane for Autistic disabled people.
feel like a pirate dashin through the raging seas.. going in to plunder arrrrrr!! Great!!! :)
Nice to hear, Empress. After all, if a land perfect enough to contain an Empress is troubled, what hope is there for ours?
yeah! Bromfield was my school when you guys came. I hosted your guys room. lol. I think her name started with a K
what do you look for in a guy? I don't look..because setting expectations, will only lead to disappointment. -Jay Von
Ok I'm officially tired I've been up since 6am,went to rummage sale, breakfast,and audition, work, and hung out with friends. I'm done!
Get your Black Friday party on tomorrow night "Little Black Dress Party" @ OTR
Heartbroken that Dick Clark passed away. He contributed so much to journalism, music & television, and has always been an inspiration. RIP
here in Little Havana we have a term for the likes of Ms. "Comemierda" she should look it up.
So how are you getting into work? I'm in Richardson and sometimes take Hillcrest but then I get on DNT at Forest.
dont you love crying at school
Have fun! Tweet us good stories through out the night... If your hungover in the morning we apologise in advance :)
are you trying to make me cry Austy?!
LOL, I know exactly which interview you mean.
If I get fired...well
It does sound pretty incredible and different from anything else on the road.
And that howl would be the Ginna sirens being tested. Unsettling.
If weed is a drug then tomatoes are drugs, watermelons are drugs, shit anything that grows from the ground is a drug
Oh, no apology needed. I didn't mean to guilt you into following me again! Do as you please :)
hes too lame to even have a Twitter
Voting for Ron Paul today? Bring your Friends & Family and get them to vote with you!
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #BarCampTampa '11 successful!
Virginia Elite represented at the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
get 2 more jobs in the A.M and go to the main job in the P.M got to get some sleep
I'm trying to figure out how much tickets are...can you help me out?
what about tonight?
Have your assistant pick up some Raspberry Nectarine for you later today!!
Any cigar shops in Antioch?
whos lazy, I gotta job
#brutalhonesty im gonna jerk my dick off , cum , & knockout till I have worklol
Song Ideas? me please!
love that that was "sent from your iPad"
US #Spirits Volume Climbed 2.7% and Sales jumped about 4% to $19.92 billion in 2011 according to DISCUS.
my twitter is messed up. Text me tomorrow. Night
go to sleep. U can snack while u work. Lol
New movie coming soon... Shaw Dog Millionaire!
Want to save 20% on & ? Like Kastel International on Facebook for coupon. If you have it, what are you using it for?
Super belated thanks!!
YAY! RT : I must say is my fav theater, never ceases to disappoint. First Date was fun, acting & singing amazing!
this twiiter box sucks man...seriously why do we constantly fuc up perfectly good shyt...why! ha
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level. I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Gravitational Marketing Duo: "Canadians are Americans but colder"
“: Thursday nite at Edibles! Yum!!!” Awesome, your paying us a visit :) and it's 2-4-1 drinks to boot !!!!
he followed you..
Facebook is acting up again tonight...won't let me upload an album, so here come the individual sunset photos we took tonight.
Thx Tho neither looks very menacing, I'd still stake my poet against a goucho anyday. The pen is mightier than the sword.
Cant wait to see u ballin in the NBA! My #Cavs could use your offensive rebounding skills!
I haven't talked to this kid in 3 years and he's callin me his baby ?
NeuroFocus is at the cross section of neuro science and marketing, but with broader application eg people with disabilities
you're the jam. hope you're well
So where is this snow they keep talking about? I hope I didn't just jinx myself...
It's weird hearing my ex-friend from HS call into the FMS when she used to rip me apart for my "alternative" friends/music preferences
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
A shout out to all the brave men and women who sacrificed for our great country. Thank you so much.
one of my favorite places on earth.
Disney World seems to be the most happy and complicated place to have fun on earth. LOL!
So who is available for a belated birthday drink with me Saturday night after work? :)
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you love Chicago ICONiacz!
hum handstands ? Clamping feet with boots on ?
man...bolting down that cold veggie burger right before a screen scraping demo for the bosses boss was an awesome idea
Awe boyfriend on new years. Socute<3
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy. The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy.
Yes panic at the disco fuck yeah :-)
You had me at hello,
This night blows
Check out my new twitter background
you guzzle more wieners than an asian at a hot dog eating contest #justkidding?
Loud & clear.
Urban Fashion Week Afterparty at Fuse! Sunday night from 9:oo pm until 2:00 am!
I'm leavin' so what's the point ?
RT : I'm Learning To Embrace My Hair More And More Everyday...
"It's not what we do once in a while that counts, but our consistent actions." - Actions ⏩ Decisions ⏩ Determine our Destiny.
I love your song #KeepHoldingOn ♥
I cant even imagine how bad! How did it happen?!
Twitter really needs to improve their privacy function. seriously
Just gave up my corner suite for a Client. Rough.
computer reservation for customer. it's that time of day. oh, and men's key as i was typing this.
You're definitely right! My apologies. Looking forward to watching 2 great seniors, both on and off the court.
wants to expand SDPD RSVP program to help do supportive tasks to get more SDPD officers on the frontline
Also from "Head Off & Split": "Create a pleasure that can stir up the world." ~ Nikky Finney
Last gut decision I made? Moving to Seattle - and so far it's working out well. :)
”I've eat there.”
I love election days!
Value the people that value you!
No thanks needed ... you guys were awesome!
This guy has been a sperm donor for 3 yrs...& he has 70+ kids....DAAAAAAMMMN!
#ihatethatfeeling when i really like a boy and there my bestfriend and im being to shy to tell them and i dnt wanna mess something up :\
It's not the kids fault..is what came across my mind ...as I released bubba kush out my system...
Do it for sure! I'll be sure to say hi! :)
Acoustic versions of songs.
Bacon brittle and salty caramel marshmallows... just rocked my world!
In his defense, 18 year old's never listen. RT: Outgoing MSU guard Brandon Wood allegedly slapped an 18-year-old over the wekend.
What is a good Song for me to YouTube? I need a pick-me-up :)
- So this YMCA Basketball thing is still going down isn't it?
None of us are as good/smart as all of us
No man is an island. Build a network of heroes, models, mentors, peers, followers & an inner circle to support & hold you accountable.
What about Greek archaeology?
fuck yes it does... Km frozen fuck I can't type
The people who work for TSA are the same people who watch wheel of fortune religiously and still pay for things with change.
There's a #meteor shower tonight? Who wants to cruise around and find a good place to watch it?
I'm in the same spot (also considering Android options). Have no complaints about Blackberry other than potential lack of existence.
Nicole! Happy Holidays and a "Saucy" New Year!
No doubt you will be doing business like the champ you are tonight ;)
"I have one twit" ;)
Exactly how I feel. I'm floored.
Kelli Richmond- Very sad news to wake up to. You will be missed by many. Far, far too young.
thought it a noble failure but worth seeing
about time! johnedwards is on trial for using funds how are these people getting away with using their funds for booksigning?
Why this bitch keep staring ?
Someone tweet me (:
Has me ready to 86 someone ---> RT Oh your mad at me for doing that, but if you did It it would be okay..
MT : problem is more with publishers & senior historians. Younger historians' trouble is finding any publisher for true monographs.
Holy shit. #Shuttle just flew over my apartment building in NW #DC so low I could see the windows in the #shuttle and escort jets.
Thank you for letting us serve you !
we vote to start the diet on wednesday!
Gym time
One of them days
Thinking UFC 145 in Atlanta should get on to my calendar.
This is my 600th tweet.
Wouldn't they be just jeans at that point....RT : Size 12 and Up Skinny Jeans should be made illegal.
Get lunch. Car inspected. Oil changed. Horn fixed. Hair cut. AT&T store. Feed dogs. Truck washed and waxed.
Lol this road is closed and there's like no other way to get there
Blake wouldn't tweet or follow me even if i hijacked all the Bacardi, crystal light and sprite zero's on the planet.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!
Had great weekend on Oahu!
OK not really!!Haha!:) just focus on the face,haha!And OHH MY GOSH nice get up you have there for dinner, love it, so stylish!~~:)
7-Eleven coming to Milwaukee. Oh, Big Gulps, eh? Welp, see ya later!
Know where your emergency exits are, keeping in mind they might be behind you.
Do you watch vampire diaries???
Nothin like havein to go to work an hour after u wake up!
Trying on outfits for tonight ! Booty shorts, tanktop, & jacket?
guys can you please give me a shoutout and i promise ill give you one ? <3
Hey, have you read James Hynes' NEXT? Pretty accurate depiction of Austin from a narrator considering a move here from MI. Familiar?
": Troops are coming home, yay #obama" #obama2012 building the economy and strength thru peace
Killeen: Hope for EarthCube: an emporium of ideas. "If you come, we will build/fund it."
Worked out some jokes at Ace Hotel. Thanks for the most fun and ETHNIC mic. 3 other Asian girl comics, really? That's a first
Happy Holidays from the AppleTekGuru Family!
,if you notice me tonight..tomorrow in school i will run down yelling "I LOVE SAM ALBERT". pinky promise <3
Today has sucked so far and I have so much to do in the next 4 hours. Boo.
That's Fine You Can Text Every Other Niggah But Not Yaaah G____ /:
Since Marcus Bachmann has parents from Switzerland, *theoretically* The EuroConnect would extend him a networking invite. Ain't gonna happen
...And I thought you were of Mediterranean descent.
The good thing about shopping with my dad- saying please gets me almost anything.
If so many #hoarders can find love, maybe there's still hope for me after all.
Did you know... We are having multiple offers on homes? Lots of buyers...not enough sellers!
problems in nyc?
BREAKING: Ovechkin's linemates all play for the Washington Capitals.
the situation on that woman's chest should get a equally gay name like maybe the deal haha you could come up with better
HOW DO PRODUCERS SUBMIT BEATZ 2 YA?
And the owners are so gretty
Females I can live without: Sarah Palin, Kim Kardashian, Nancy Grace, Justin Beiber
That awkward moment where you walk in on your roommate getting it in ... In your bed x__x
Whatever you'll be doing in Missouri... Count me in. It's drivable from my part of the world.
Had a great gig at the NKC Community Center. We'll see everybody at Wednesday's rehearsal.
sure thing no problem :)
Wunderlich phrase of the day: "fine wine fallacy" of cost & quality in #highered. Time for models for dist & dev of $6 bottles of
probably next time
good point
UND wins #WCHA final. If its not the #Badgers I'm ok with UND.
120 days til college football begins! "Like" this post if you wish it were sooner! #soexcited!
I wonder how did on the links yesterday-- Can't wait to see him later in the week.
Alicia, things happen for reasons. 2012 is here! TREASURE EVERY DAY!
I Cried When I saw Never Say Never <3
Welcome new followers: , and
she needs to stick her head up her ass & die
Its a real good feeling knowing that I INSPIRED "E" but he eventually ended up INSPIRING me more R.I.P DJ WHODIE
and that is tha truth!
Say you're sick one more time. No one cares, Christina.
well you rock it! It's been fun digging through my closet and adapting things for the bump. Due three weeks from tomorrow!
Its been a crazy 3 months for me and twitter is so retro I always wanna have sumthg to talk about worth tweetin but I dont care ima tweet
Oh, and start getting used to it, Momma!!
Mob Barley and Me
sorry he Brat me in and the brysgolav got borrd
That blog error is brand new. Thanks for bringing it to my attention. I'm on it!
can't stop won't stop
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam
My alma matter, Marquette is taking over in repping your word for the past two days. #BUMS. That first half sucked.
those are already filtered
gotta get a win today
You're welcome! Thanks for the mention! I hope you two have a
#WillowGlen Creamery should do great at their new loc. Folks are buying ice cream at Powells and bringing it to WG Twn Ctr to eat @ fountain
A Pew Research Center study found that only 42 percent of Americans knew most of their neighbors.
Girl YES! No holding back.
Inception was absolutely spectacular other then the part where I had to sleep last night...... Dreaming is gonna be rough for a little while
how are you at a fried chicken place at 8am?
now for a mini road trip :)
Why is it that every shorts you see are made to show your crotch? Everything seems to be getting slutier and slutier! Idk about you but,
Thank you for the invite and we will! - WPLinc
oh duh, you said adopted. Well, same principle as taking adoptive parents' name.
i think mikey just got away with huge bluff. maybe set though....
Good PR advice!
I am totally following and loving you in a non-creepy way! PS Yay Yankees and Boo your gambling problem. Xo
A dance for diabetes project! :D
Did we just get jacket raped? Plaid man?
Seriously when i walked in the door my dad asked why i smell like pot. I didnt even smoke -___-
The fact that I will be in Miami 72 house from this moment is everything....
Thanks! Great to be back in Wisconsin. Haven't lived here since about a year after Carroll ~ '03.
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason.
I'm more pissed the browns couldn't pay 15 mil for 4 years of michael bush. Dude was a beast last year with McFadden out.
Hahah awesome!! :)) Hey Jose!! How are you doing today?
On the way to see Jackson Browne at the Minnesota State Fair
Good morning fellow twits. Another gloomy day at Bertuccis had a great time yesturday. Today is Freddy's last day until vacation. Yeah!! ...
Canoed today. Have a monkey bead in my dreads. And as always.... I like piña colodas!!!!!
pull a and ride your bike to work! Haha
Me! Little kids at home makes it a nice thing. Are you saying I'm behind the times?
another day, another dollar. tweaking bits and building a backyard site plan.
arent you a lucky duck
no,we were cleaning the living room&kitchen and stuff!lol
you guys were honestly the best performance last night!<3 Couldn't be any prouder! Never again in the bottom 2!
Don't scare me like that so early in the morning. ;)
We think there are issues with a #tarot reader reading for health questions - how best might a question on this issue be phrased?
We will see when judgement day happens...
We have msn?
Some of these fireworks sound like firearms ...
SORRY. I have a press thing tomorrow and I'm getting ready.
Thanks so much Laura! <3
thanks! Got lucky & ended up on a rooftop at sunset time. The sky was crazy colors!
Glad you liked it. Send us your favorite pixs and next time we can create a bottle for you.
today in resource someone was after me. and me and my friend were trying to get away from her. but she got us...
And an awesome job
Digital Online Version www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com. All about the people and businesses that make Trinity/Odessa so wonderful!
Thank you for following us! LOVE your crepes and waffles!
Is that a swarm of bees in the square gym? Nah- it's just my buzzins getting ready for that '12-'13 season.
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo. Less than one day's supply.
Current pet peeve: when girls wear a belt solely to make their short dress even shorter.
#Film Great job with Young Directors night this past weekend. Some real talented #newcomers!
lov disappears to easly try not let it go once uve got it
Already have tickets to Gm 3.
Love is everywhere this morning.RT : Settle down Don Johnson. Tami likes you both
Finally got Lady Borton's _After Sorrow_ via Interlibrary Loan. Beautifully written. Thanks for the recommendation!
Got a new tee up to bat! Coming soon..... #Order & #Chaos series! Stay tuned!
I ended up switching back to the Donut Shop ones. A little smoother taste.
Love you, Keebler. I'll visit soon.
I've been told I'm annoying about gun safety.... I'll take that as a compliment
Sorry. Missed your reply. And yes, you are correct. Will DM you the password to #CovertTU!
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame with a twist
Tried to establish contact with John once, but he made it very clear he wasn't interested.
When told me he was loading up on the Cards +9 today I told him I'll take half. I love Louisville so much, I bleed red.
- Wonder what its gone be like when I get tew skewl..... :|
btw what is that profile picture?
Big game here. Let's go
Is your website down?
come out and join!
8:31am and three more job apps out into the world! Now to grade grade and grade some more.
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
Congrats! RT I just got an MBE Property question right by clicking on the wrong button. Way to inspire confidence
lolol nothing's wrong at all. I could have slept for an hour hahahah it's okay tho I'm bout to eat kabobs for lunch!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
next to Shades in OB @ 5083 Santa Monica today 9am-4pm. Visit booth & sign up free registration & 30 min free drive time.
LOL, well at least we both got a laugh.
Can I personally blow up #Big10 sports?
or not working :-)
Are you the chess player or the chess piece?
at wrk bored as usual
Duck running back LaMichael James has filed paperwork with the NFL to enter the 2012 NFL Draft.
I would but Twitter would delete me
just spreading the love! Have a great weekend Nick!
Man a nigga got fucked up today n I wasn't alone!!
“:KC home brewers: If you bring a bottle of your beer to , you get a free (local, homemade) sausage.” time to brew!
If you need a laugh, don't look to for it.
Big S/O to for all your support. Thank You.
Perhaps we could open the invites up to more degrees of friendship. Ew, strangers. Yuck.
it was something i saw on a coupon.
thank u Katie!
It is the loving, not the loved, woman who feels loveable.
what y'all cook today
Tune into local news to catch some interviews with Kevin. Thanks to , , and for coming out!
thanks. I'm actually trying to get in touch with him
my momma doe that too!
No client calls during the middle of my hot and sour soup tonight, plz? Kthx!
Now watching wieners circle. Omg why did noone tell me this show existed??
Another storm? Bring It!
A big welcome to our new followers!
nothing regarding admissions tax has been voted on or discussed yet.
Sounds good, thanks for the update!!
Meet you in Aisle 11 tomorrow.
Playing Basketball iN Slides...
Best of luck on your tour!!!
"...and I called my parents right after I was done." I could go on forever! It's pure gold!
Breaking news: Missy Elliott lives on this street
Moms are not always right...Just gotta prove her wrong!
True RT : you need to get to get a new avi. the egg is not a good look!
Heyy! Long time, no talk! We will be meeting at the airport in MEL. Not sure which one, but Jally knows.
Thanks for following me and u dnt have to worry about me blowing your dm up lmao
What if I said I wanted to cut my hair shorter again.. 😥😳
For a limited time, Banana Pudding Milkshakes are being served at Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair!
My new fav to follow is I'm a fan! If you love God, love to laugh, and love football.
Finally got some sleep fuck yeah
Second to last Day of School #BestFeelingEverrrrr ☺😉
wonder if recent events triggered that poll...
remember ol dude told you he was gonna deep throat yo pussy LMMFAO !
You got me laughing RT : I do NOT want all the excuses to start with the "If so and so played we woulda won". Please don't do it.
#1DQuotes baby u light up my works like nobody else the way that u flip ur hair gets me overwhelmed but when u smile at the ground. RT 💜 1D
sounded good and really liked what you said in the Seau piece
So I got hacked. My apologies if anyone received some crappy "Work From Home" tweets from me yesterday.
Maybe we could get separate booths and just tweet back and forth.
It is so beautiful to honor so many cultures, relationships, and materials
Ordering stuff tomorrow!(:
Once I hit 50 followers I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE #soap, body butter, sugar cube scrub or lip balm! Please RT!
Baseball season <3
Too bad that's not funny
: you would.
Hollywood makes everything in 3D!! Fuck that ! Make some 3D porn! Titties and ass coming at cha !! I'm ducking for the dick shots !
please see email. Thank you
Tell me I'm a screwed up mess, that I never listen listen. Tell me you don't want my kiss, that you need your distance distance.
phone tag
I am running a leaked version of 4.0 stock and I must say I am liking TW over CM9.
my pleasure
Good Morning! LIFE IS 2 SHORT SO LAUGH INSANELY LUV TRULY & 4GIVE QUICKLY....
¡Gracias! Happens to be my fav job! “: Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms! You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!”
#lux fire is out.
happy almost 16th birthday lindsey :) Love ya girl.
Listening to the Peyton Manning, decision on the radio!
Cool, thanks!
JR Smith isn't a real Yankee
i don't think so, but i'm glad you are brother!
your moms food is way better!!
Sure thing. Send us a DM with your email address. Thanks for your interest.
yeah, Tonks would regulate. She's terrifying.
Bless You!
Have Fun!<3
RT : Thank god there will be world clash 2012, give thanks
yea if I'm invited to do so I will......
Week 16: Sun. Dec. 23 @ HOME vs. New York Giants (1pm)
when everyone else probably thinks i'm dumb
Thinking about kids..I want a daughter so bad...Spencer Leigh :)
great meeting with #Matt Keiser and #Jason Oates from #Live Intent. Cool business trying to solve advertising within email..
My fat ass is now the big fat bitch who holds the purses n da club..welcome to la
stop this madness
I'm thinking a lowkey bbq for Tuesday's bulls game... byob... start summer a little early.
bring me some! And a bag of BBQ grippos please ☺
Just got into Manhatten. Not much evidence that a hurricane blew through here yesterday.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Alternately, pillars, planks, uprights?
Foxit(R) Launches Group Policy Support in Enterprise PDF Reader
Slow metabolism? Pu-er tea is known to balance the body’s systems & stimulate a more functional metabolism.
Make me One
can anyone make a tiny chat?
Our own Associate Director Joe Lampert & Graduate Teaching Fellow Xaver Neumeyer are headed to #CIRTLForum next week.
RT this if you see it maybe this time i"ll actually get noticed by you :D i mean it, if you see this RT it! dont skip by it ;)
wow...just turned on ESPN 2 and they are breaking down Tim Tebow getting a "mani-pedi" in Hollywood...that's sad
#astd10 challenge remains adoption and adapting and doing that more quickly and then more quickly.
#OneOfTheseDays Wicked Carnival will be world wide
i love twitter too. i'm love talking to you guys!
my son doesn't understand what the word sleep means at night! he's so cranky tonight!
hey where can I download some J-Pop? I need some Japanese awesomeness.
RT : It's the 150th anniv. of the 1st Civil War battle west of the Miss., in Wilson's Creek MO. has the story:...
Watching las caballeras perform (side saddle horse riding)and this dude walk up and goes, "Oh! This shit is like The Three Amigos!".
As of today, we've been able to reach 128,433 women & kids for our One in a Million Campaign (one.medicalteams.org)! Thanks for the support!
Im going to change my pic.
Thank you #Breitbart for #BigHollywood #Big Journalism
Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person. ~ Dale Carnegie
is everyone alive?
cause DJ Casper is putting it down for Hurricane Irene a la Katrina.
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould open a shelter for battered women, children and animals. Then they can all take care of each other! I'll bake brownies
looks like he has some pretty sharp teeth...can't wait to hit the floor!
we think Kyle Kolich started strong. Cross fit profits from the publicity.
erm your fan one :)
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Antron Smith ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Myrtle, SC ⁰Travel Team: Shooting Guard ⁰Point Guard 5’5
a woman sitting near me at caribou coffee is giving pointers about how to be a shaman to her protege
I do!
is AWESOME!!!
Big things are planned for ESBC IV 2013
lowes got some raggedy equipment...
Enjoyed in Treasure Island, looks like a lot of fun was ad' makin' it
#thingsiverealized even best friends will stab you if they have the chance
Go to chanel 42 He's on NOW
Starving somebody needs to bring me something to eat
“: #VeryElderyButts”Eli is amazing.
i txt my best friend but her uqly self aint txt me back .
"Behold the turtle, he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." -Bruce Levin
This ethics class though...
my favorite is all of the xmans
First off: ROFL. Secondly, what it "I'm All Out of Love" he was blasting in the middle life crisis car?
I DO NOT APPROVE! Lol you gotta wear real hockey skates to be legit :)
ur a boy or girl
simply, thank you.
What I hope that people will take away from my research into psychopathy is enough knowledge to arm themselves against them. Essential info.
I give too much
Always just one step ahead of cancer, fuck you cancer, catch me if you can..
Brian Massumi: Writing is never linear -- It's about managing nonlinearity.
Great concert tonight. Thank you New York! And we're out.
You were right. did move. I wish i could have met him first.
Well, a tuxedo cat is certainly a special creature, after all!
how?:o
Not everyone stays in your life forever. That's the worst. Awful day.
kudos to working out though :)
what are those loafers that are in your "decision" picture.. are they for women?
God this weather sucks. So just want to be home relaxing
Why can't we be best friends?
very good, but I have Lots of thinking and praying to do over the next few weeks.
awesome :D<3
I will look forward to your blogs/presos about it! It's great to learn from folks like you who have large scale audiences.
Welcome to new followers and thank you!
If he is stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him walk away :)
its official, i hate my school so much.
Although my son was just trying to stay warm, I immediately thought about Trayvon Martin.
Did U like Cars? I hated the 1st movie I thought it was horrible and boring.
the summer nights go something like this: skunk - outside apartment - sprays almost every night - YUCK... know any skunk deterrents?
We R EXCITED to welcome #BabyBashBling. YES we will have some dads 'ripping' the runway during the Spring Expo!
That "im gonna rape you" look that caitlyn gives me daily.
I wannnnnnaaaaa fuck yo let u see my switch u #chock pull ur #hair GodsGirl777
I've now learned that there's a approx. 20 minutes from my place...I'm incredibly happy.
... Kidd Kraddick who got the shirt as a gift & put it on his Facebook page. 425,000 followers spread it like crazy. Love it!
Considering the U.S. Constitution to be a living document is what's causing us to die as a nation!
I'll try to get it. Thank you! See my DM
. OTL Ques: Should Fl A&M marching band be disbanded following hazing death? <-- yes. We'd have shut down a fraternity for same.
Cheer practice....then Drake concert!!!!! So excited!! <3
CONGRATS!!! break a leg
I'd play San Fran for sure if big ben doesn't play
well what week then? i'll be in florida the 12th through the 19th!!
I still miss you..💔
the question is why not
Survived all three days of the hunger games....aka
congrats man. How long did it take? I'm in a #BiggestLoser competition right now myself.
What are they scared of? We have never heard someone in the audience tell us to turn it down.
Henry cities honored for recreational opportunities
lmao, this is like the best conversation I have ever had. :d but I have to go. Talk to you tomorrow. :) blame it on Niaaall.
Timing works for the #foodtruckforecast today. A slowed cool front prevents the chance for showers until later this afternoon/eve.
lol yea for a little while
SOS. Steelers. In. Trouble. Ravens. Showed. Up.
How's Peabody treating u? I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
Had more fun with you...thanks for coming. You're always supportive. GREAT FRIEND...love ya chick...did i get you a drink?
yep you rite I quit have a great life
Today's magic relationship word is OPENESS
Omg me & named one of my sisters twins :) ..... Mason & Matty
Listen to on this Saturday @ 10am and Sunday @ 8pm. This week's special guest is
Love when a client's 1st experience in a custom suit is a perfect fit and they marvel at how slim it makes them look! Houston
From the #PeachJam Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio 73-69
I am at the unveiling of the new Mural on the Barclay School. Drive by 29th and Barclay (mural on Barclay) ..it is awesome!
Ive missed you too !!! So good to see your beautiful face!
I feel like I haven't posted anything happy on here in a while
I'm kind of glad I found you instead...Help me get Rashida onto Twitter...Reward: $1.00 lol
some random Person Jimmy kimmel was following thats really funny. Maybe she does stand up or something
Logical processing functions can be carried out with the use of logic ...
So gr8 meeting you Karen! Thanks so much 4 all you do :-)
This Newtonism commercial.
My wife just asked me if Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan play for the Xavier Musketeers. It made me laugh.
is playing the worlds hardest game.
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not OBEY the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God remains on him Jn 3:36
2 weeks from today we are moving to Destin Florida where I can sit along the ocean.
But already, the LED hoop's proved useful. Got two tiny children to go to bed by prteneding it was a spaceship in the dark.
Sweet, I just got here about an hour ago! See you soon:-D
true true
That's cool..
best wishes for you on tour. gonna have to fedx u a shirt the printer is lagging! sorry buddy :/
She is not some one to deal with she slams he cabnets and stuff all the time lets her grandchild run around pressing the doorbells
i know i'm a couple minutes behind, but WHOA! now i see why ben kept courtney around. she looks so similar to his sister. WEIRD!!!
No! Thou art not! Sorry, I just saw this! :) I mean, *I* can't drive the whole way next week, and I don't even have kids...
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Some Googlers Don 't Want Their Kids Using Google Products
aww thanks lol.I like want to thank you like for telling me happy birthday like today hahahahahaha
hey fabulous booty
all i wanna do is let it be & be with you, and watch the wind blow by.
hey check your work email! :)
thank you for investing in NYC's great art institutions.
- Naw it's 2-1 if their down 3-1 I'll panic until then......I'm cooler than a fan
It's so sad.. I prefer to sleep on couch than my own bed
In nerdy nirvana. Teaching myself AJAX.
I'll tell you the truth if no one else will that even in the moments you want to be most sure of yourself, you will have every inch of doubt
“dear GDA staff, just in case SJ doesnt win today, dont be surpised to see lightsticks flying at you. i hope for your safety. dont get hit!”
ends The Big REad today at 3pm, last showing of To Kill a Mockingbird! Stage Aurora (904) 765-7373. Great crowd last night.
My god it is a beautiful day in
true..i work w/ old people &u can identify the bitter ones when they were younger they are the grumpiest and saddest too..
so thankful for my wife and my life today. The Lord is FAITHFUL!!
I love turning up my GUCCI hella loud when an Asian comes walking pass my window ahahahhaahha they be looking around like "da fuckkk????"
RT : Giveaway! RT by 3PM EST to WIN a meet and greet w/ on the TIGI bus + 2 tix to
I'm realizing I have not nearly enough angry songs on iTunes
got you :)
hey thanks for the follow! you should def. check out our music :)
Pure torture! RT : my god there is annoying mets fan behind home plate. Im watching on tv and he's getting to me
Have a great time this week. We'll be thinking of you. Maybe even fondly :)
People are just Animals with free will..!
Tell me more.
Awake and energized. Thank you M O N S T E R :D
Fun reminder today, "you're an ideas girl, w/ some damn good ideas. STOP BLOODY GIVING THEM AWAY FOR FREE" I just get excited sometimes lol
AAVG ask thinning... keep on radar for company update.... hearing this week....
man eye shoulda been there! Didn't know temple jumped like that
If a girl is silent, it's dangerous. They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
And another Brad Pitt movie?
Rt : I know but he'll be back :) Glad I could make you laugh :)
Twitter > Facebook....Retweet if you think so too
living a dream not mine but someones. How's tricks anyway mate. Any plans to come stateside this year?
check out -- dude is a beast!!
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
The scary part is, I don't know the severity of my comp just deciding to turn off. I'm thinking it over heated.
Find Wooly in the arena right now and say the phrase "Coyle". First to do so - sweet keepsake!
Note to everyone... It's perfectly ok to be a virgin.
So who is doing Bootcamp next week?
We accept: 1. Children's health insurance, SoonerCare/Medicaid. 2. Cash 3. Checks 4. We do not accept insurance at thist time.
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock and roll.
Thanks for posting this peaceful morning shot, that I am enjoying with my coffee.
yes to the yes
dude , why don't you support audio copy and paste. love your app, but I don't use it because it doesn't play well with others.
Key word is cheeseburger.
off to the sister, Caitlin's, wedding~!
A little known fact... You do not need to comply with an officer's request to take field sobriety tests or preliminary alcohol screenings.
our natual element is water we have something in common i think faith is tryna tell us something (zendaya's line)
lol it's cool
just reminder Bubba knows hockey & the guy needs to cover the back door player
Just got done watching Ichii The Killer. Excellent movie, I would highly recommend.
I LOVE that the refs are letting these guys play physically. Makes the game SO MUCH BETTER.
Michigan State is trending, hell yes! 30 minutes away from the Rose Bowl baby!! #MSU 29 Wisconsin 21 at the half - GO GREEN!
Who do ya'll have in #NBASLAM contest
; you've been nothing but amazing & I'll never take that forgranted..
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder - Contra Costa Times
TOO MUCH CUTE FOR A WEDNESDAY MORNING. What a good song and vid and puppy.
The crowd chants "holy shit" as Younger recovers and limps to the backstage area.
My mentions are dead tweet me before I crash I haven't been asleep in 24 hours
Holy crap, a name, a detailed overview of events...by golly I believe we have a film competition on our hands!
Amy, not rooting against him. But he doesn't have the killer instinct/intense need to win that MJ, Magic or Bird did.
TONIGHT WORKIN WOMENS WED'S INSIDE THE ALL NEW SWISS AND HOLDIN IT DOWN ALL NIGHT! DOORS OPEN AT 6!!!
Pow true shit when in a relationship don't do tbh's I see it. Smh. Shit gets real. My girl has every right to be pissed at me lol.
88 DEGREES I AM MELTING
Skechers' "Bobs" idea is such a knockoff of Tom's that I hope Tom's starts manufacturing crappier shoes and naming them "Sketchers"
Whoa! car Fire SB I-95 approaching I-895 south of Baltimore - two lefts blocked
I live alone. so.......maybe not so effective
Maybe Hamels forgot he's a NL pitcher & he's gotta face pitchers too...?
I know rite it's goin to be awesome
: I round down when shopping. Effective tool for decision making though not helpful in the log run.
Might go to the mall today so if ya wanna go, better come home right after school....
totally agree! Tired of Cailou!!
Its FRIDAY! Next Friday is the Denver Home Show. Call and mention TWITTER or Facebook and get 2 FREE tickets! That's a $22 value!
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
No hope for legislation. The real answer, as always, is #openaccess. Stop giving rights to intermediaries.
And people think I changed just cause my appeal has grown. That security follow me everywhere.
you remember Julie Hong (RA/CA) from CMU? Her brother is debuting with KPop boyband soon.
#ithoughtyoulookedgood i found out ur a stuck up dumbass :)
Happy Friday, !
The last of the family has almost left town. Debating this weekend's options. A. Local bar 5k B. a mud run or C. Hike in the Olympics.
I'd love to stay and party but I gotta go to work.
bummer...at least it's a nice enough morning to take in some rays ;)
Today was epic. Got a 10-pop popsicle maker for the freezer, five Mason jars (one w/a lid) & a tiki for $11.50. :D
Adorable really... Uhh last time I checked I wasn't three -.-
Been having a lot of fun with Instagram the last couple of weeks. Praying—likely in vain—that Zuck doesn't crap all over it.
WHOA Nikki and nas. Well I'm glad it wasn't Chris
Guys! This is no way to spend Super Tuesday, a.k.a. Straight White Guy Appreciation Day.
That's not an easy question 4 me to answer in 140. ;-D Most recently I was try to stir up some "trouble" tho LOL
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
you going up with Friday?
Love God, love others.
