VCSs have stored changes as diffs since RCS. Git stores whole files and is fast. Was storing diffs a premature optimization?
lovely picture luv :)
i'm ALL AMERICAN thanks to
I had this sticker that said "7" in my hair the whole time i was in the mall :P
yes! “: Love that twitter folks are giggling at my music choices for #nprlife”
Change = Constant
When I think of all the dumb classes I had to take in library school, I wish SOMEONE made us take accounting.
rainy day - listening to
WTF is with the Giants and "All In"? All In what?
Another 6 hours exam on a Saturday morning !
Remembering the sacrifices on Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, and Sword and of all those who took part in the D-Day invasion (6/6/1944)
exactly. One can never have too many books :-)
You should be glad. Eeesh!
Blackest heart. Genocidal murderer of minorities. America has fallen.
the shining by stephen king
teen nick is the shiiiiiiittttttt.... hey arnold, rockos modern life, all that, kenan and kel, then 
Oh, you didn't win the lottery? That sucks because the odds were totally in your favor.
Why isnt following me? I'm his bed.
Totally. RT : "From caring comes courage." -Lao Tzu /via
Wow -- fantastic! Very much looking forward to seeing you !
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Houston! We would like to thank you for your support!
Dragging my departure because of snow and an accident on my route. Makes for a lazy morning & messing about on fetlife.
did he really say that? "half in England think she's guilty and here in the US, it's just the opposite"
.. Me and Haylee say that all the time. You'd have to actually hang out with us to understand why. But, you don't.
Leave it to to totally screw up the debate so quickly
Our thoughts & prayers are with the family & friends of Officer Brent Long of the Terre Haute P.D., killed in the line of duty today.
Sayy it! Say it! say it!
Ok, back under my snow covered rock to work on some radio press releases and new website banners. DIY baby....
Ok. I registered, but ended up having meetings scheduled today. I will check the site for the recap.
so I left them over the winter. Started growing like crazy as soon as it warmed up.
I'M A NINJA
This has turned into a beautiful day, in spite of the rain this morning. I'm so glad I have meat to grill!
Man this some bullshit!!
Cubs fans don't like it at all when you cheer for Alphonso Soriano at #wrigleyfield q
Vietnam Targets 20 Percent Reduction In Greenhouse Emissions
Thanks guys. We really appreciate it. Dennis and are rockstars!
Just saw Phil Connors w/confused look wandering aimlessly around Gobbler's Knob trying 2 avoid that annoying Ned Rireson guy.
he cant be any worse than bruce glasier, but yes he's terrible at names.
In work by 11 and out by 2:30...
just got done shopping at city sports ! amazing store , i am prepared for the broad street run ! yaaaayyy 
Marquette fans: Congrats on winning your Super Bowl. Badger fans: Condolences on losing your second biggest non-conf game this week.
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin.
Darn it.. I think I watched the best of my new movies so far the rest is turning out to be crap
I remember we were worried he was going to be born the night you did the DUK at my home.
Zip it or I'll break your hip
Not yet. But I did just get up from my 3 hour jet-lag nap.
Add WA and OR!
been a long week man!
So happy for the Bob cats!! ☺⚾👍
Agree, he seems soft.
Q#42 Answer is...D!
your body is amazing by the way. :)
By Kentucky?
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 47
hey girl
Eastern Benefits Group SURVEY: 33 percent of employers believe Nat'l healthcare law is unconstitutional
That would be super cute!!! I love mint green!
Uh-Oh. Neil Everett just called SDSU #MWC's signature team. What does and think about that?
Masquerade Ball Event Oct 15TH, more info will be up soon. Stay tuned.
Lil Kim Think Cuz she Fucked Biggie She Tight...
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
#BeBold I might have to take this on too! Cheers to u n urs!
you betta WERK that first class ;)
in MYRTLE BEACH tonight
if u lived in Houston I'd do anything 2 make u mines. Lol. Caking ass
bitch i hit you wit the #zap and then you take a nap treat em like dogs so they only get the scraps and i run my city like outdoor track
wait for the iPhone. An iPhone is an iPod touch with cellular capabilities.
Haven't watched "Only Angels Have Wings" in years. Thx for reminding me!
That's a fantastic point. What do you suggest? Would love to chat with you about this!
Thank you for sharing info about our upcoming exhibition! We look forward to your visit.
So glad you enjoyed them both. Happy Friday! Thanks for visiting us :)
played #turntoyou 2 my mom and SHE LOVED IT!!!! And I do 2 :) its amazing
Looking forward to #DCSMHH tonight! See you all there!
thanks for mentioning my posts!
11:11 is accually one of the best songs ever! Its amazing , been listening to it all day ! Can't get it out of my head <3!
As in, Jason's name. (Man, I'm not communicating well at all today.)
what do you know!? If that's what your listenin to then that's dope
Be on guard. Stand firm in the faith. Be courageous. Be strong. 1 Corinthians 16:13
Thanks for the RT!
Yeah, it cost $38 to gas up my little Honda Fit. Insane.
I think that never gonna follow me :( #losthope 3
“: Congrats to the for winning the NBA D-League championship. Couldn't happen to a better group of people.” Thank you
tomorrow is the last day to claim your free $75 discount coupon for a demarco surfboard!
Update: Jason Segel is precious!!!
Paying a toll while being stuck in bumper to bumper traffic. Ouch! We have to pay for this??
Mind-numbing. That is all.
Hey TT, Almost that time.
Does that mean your suspicions whenever your partner looks are all in your head?
Its the wrong one! Add me on the other
the jeans got so much tighter around the convention center today
that's great!
HELLO TAMI, I HOPE ALL IS WELL, MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! TONY
Lord, give me strength to at least do a little work these last few days of highschool.
25 minutes til doors! Gladiators Cage Fighting @ WI State Fair Park TONIGHT!!
Sunrise in 2 hours. Work in less than 5. Conventional wisdom says go to bed. Irrational wisdom says sunrise.
is very clever (oh, and correct too).
hey and nun Much u?
Going to Dave and Busters with my little brother, My older brother, sister in law.
realizes his decade-long love of Yo La Tengo's "Spec bebop" is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's "Chumpy" > 120 GB til full backup
2night gonna b the night
I #obviously thought it was #petitionforthatfornextyear “: Wait...I was told Tim Tebow was the commencement speaker"
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
that's the end of my speech ima need you to clap
Cool Thanks! “: has a photo.”
son is the meaning of un-clutch
Who's you know all my friends and followed me WTF!!
I am too old now for questioning on childless choice but there have been astounding comments in the past.
i love you
Happy International Women's Day! Who is your favorite female author??
you're too kind to this ugly old man.
RT : "I am harder on myself than anyone else could be." Kate Smith. The secret of success for many people.
That Makes too of us lol
I don't know why I keep watching The Office. The characters are now caricatures, shadows of previous (good) seasons.
totes gonna dm you. bc he can see these tweets.
better than Donald. I'm too harsh on Donald, but since Goofy can refuel my MP what do I really need Donald for? HUNCHBACK PUNCH
I have a fragile heart.
I couldn't agree more is phone ok when you have the time?
Hi Thanks for your phone call this a.m. and your interest in and their new Eastlake school. Great to meet!
Your haters hear 10,000 fans screaming your name. They can't get their wives/girlfriends to scream theirs once
Breakout groups for boot camp 1 #thatcamp #lac and #teamrhetoric is representing!
haha, i know :D but u know. ♥ what time is in your country?
#Thingssaidinthe90s "Did i do that?"
RT :RT : Life was much easier when apple and blackberry were just fruits!
CALL MUCHO ASAP
Thanks for the amazing time tonight! Virginia Beach is our home and will always be!
Great Job at #adobesocial Good to hear from and
Just about that time to start decorating the Valentine's tree.
Sorry!.. Just been busy!.. i could tell you the same thing! lol.. How are you ?? are you in cali yet ?
What are you doing on your Friday night? A great idea would be to watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
hey just wanted to say good luck on your fight this Saturday ! God bless!
i love you.
lmao that's nuts. No wonder it was a flop. Was it the same thing over again?
We will have a bunch. We have a few casting directors waiting for their invite in TX. Plus most of our them will be national.
Wow Aldon Smith again!!!
Congrats lady! Way to make it happen.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer
Parisian blonde cocktail at smugglers cove made me sad.really sad
Creativity is maximized when you're living in the moment! Let's live it up.
you work at old orchard right?
#SweetLife there's already a rumor on what's in the bag!
ppl assume I am not Viet because my skintone is lighter.
You are more/than the writing/in a newspaper/after your death
Way to go Andy Cohen #WWHL for the Jackhole shout out for the NC ban
Gertrude and Germino? wtf that's some name for justin's feet...
he races tomorrow....anxious to talk to him afterwards. Crazy nut!
WOW. I really read that wrong when I first glanced at that....
On a related note, big thanks to for the advice! Feeling much more confident about this particular task...
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams. -Francois Rodin
Does your cereal talk to you?(: Lolol
Sometimes when I'm honest people assume I'm mean. But would you rather be lied to, or played???
muh head hurts:,(
thanks for the follow and support Denise Love the pic of the little one check out
Our first Test Kitchen Saturday is this Saturday! Don't Miss it! Free samples of our latest creations. Bring your Friends. From 10-2.
Good Morning lovers and friends
sounds good.
not sure. Have a phaser which is decent but not on all papers. Would be nice to have full bleed printer or a laser not just wax!
Matthew and I gotta take some more pictures for the Fuzz City record this weekend. Our last set wasn't "front cover worthy".
yeah, that immediately came to mind after pressing send. Oh well.
Going to bed sober sucks dick it's been a while since I've done this
hahahaha glad I can make you laugh :)
People show what they are really like by what they do, rather than by what
The announcement is public: The Sloan Foundation and the Arcadia Fund have each granted DPLA $2.5M
Archery classes??? um yes please
Thanks for sharing the project!
Life is definitely not easy:\ That's awesome:) I'm probably just going to study, plan my party, & probably go to the movies:)
Interesting fact. RT When you go more than 3 hours without food, your body begins to store fat and slow calorie burn.
Preaching Greatness...
Want your music on go to rochesterbuzz.com for more details
Cash only, please.
Is really making an issue of Ann Romney's clothing? Not even subtle about being echo chamber for Obama 'he's not one of us' theme
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! hopefully I'll be home soon to see you
sorry for ur loss!
Dear Phoenix Airport: I've been here 15 minutes and I'm already over you.
RT : Come on. This is a professional comedy writer. RT : Working on a new anti aging drink called I complete you
CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!! COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
Why? Because I'd do anything to protect my friend. Especially from creeps like you.
i can't promise you'll see "i rival" again but you'll definitely see johnathan and i again. same difference i guess hahah
Got stuff for alexis' birthday :D ADVENTURE
Packers QB Aaron Rodgers wins AP NFL MVP award.
Thank sweet baby Jesus for .. My free therapist lol
haha not during playoffs ;) LeBron is not making them cheaper, either. Every one of these MVP plays is adding $50 to the price
caught someone peeing in the bathroom
The root of an unchanged life is the digestion of sin without indigestion of heart. - j owen
I'm not a fan of self-promotion. But you know, that's just ME. ME. ME. ME.
": Watching the masters on TV in class #frat" no andrews.. Being at the masters when you're supposed to be in class is frat.
Hahahaha. Too funny.
so wish I could!!!!
Matt, thanks for the RT and thanks for getting the tour together
I'd just tell U because I don't want to keep any secrets like that from U why do U say that U shouldn't of told me anything?
lolol best movie ever
The magic number is 10!!! You MN Twins fans know what I'm talkin' about.
Sex is the untangling of complexes. /via
Great rehearsal. Auditioned an EXCELLENT drummer, and turns out my pedalboard is amazing. LP + pedals + modded blues deluxe = happy
I am quitting all forms of quitting, including quitting all forms of quitting.
Early morning
Laying here.. Bored ass hell.. Gonna listen to Armin... I think yes <3 ;)
I'm 30 yrs old I need 2 eat healthy & xcercise, dnt want any health problem,lol
Patio & wine relaxed!
6M: another turnover. Japan put into the scrum
Just Know That No Matter Whats Happens I'll Always Lovee Youu ♥
Amazing how comments get taken way out of context and/or the wrong way...
I think I want to get more serious about my workouts. Fartleks in the morning! Night night.
I can't come Friday.
Thanks for the follow sir! Let's do a happy hour some time!
Finally leaving the gym good workout!!
Chillin Just Got Home!
When faith ceases to pray, it ceases to live. - E.M. Bound from The 5 Principles of Powerful Prayer by Margaret R. Banks.
u already know........ We need to chop it up like last year
To make your success off tearing down someone else's character,makes you a sad sad individual.
im deleting
Designers: In Photoshop files, don't set text to white then change the opacity to make it grey. It's tricky and I don't like it.
Gearing up for a post-show discussion with the fabulous cast of "The 39 Steps"! Post your questions here if you can't join us!
That's my fave too!
Want to wish my friend good luck tonight as Anita for west side story :) you"ll do great ❤❤❤
I learned something from that - Podsednik is with the Phillies?
it was fun! and what r u celebrating?
Hey lady, long time! It's actually my company logo AND like getting a new haircut.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture
we served hundreds of espressos at 2011 Ferrari Challenge this past weekend...thank you!
No, but I should. Been have some strange ones lately. Do you?
Congrats on officially changing your name! What's happing at this weekend?
Several jabs at AT&T for their unreliable service.
The biggest lie I tell myself is "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it."
With news of another Metro fare hike, DC Circulator remains a steal at $1/ride
I did 7500 words yesterday and my brain is fried. Drooling today. Finding a happy medium would be great.
Peyton will use Jets, Redskins and Dolphins to up his price. Will sign in Ariz. NFC West, Dome, Larry Fitzgerald.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
they say OC is a dry county.
John Cavellini & Tom Shaw Trio set a box office record at Martuni's last night. What an audience and what a show!
Do you know the special ingredient we add into our home-style beans? Pineapple! This makes for a great combo of sweet and smoky flavor!
Haha, totally not my hood -- Going on vacation? I have a bunch of friends who are from there but live here now
nelson mandelas grandaughters r getting a reality show...im interested
People like I annoy you, then, I´m sorry ;P
Looks like we're going to have access to the SYTYCD auditions in Las Vegas. Woot!
Go out on a limb... That's where the fruit is.
Oystein Johannessen asks: Is the Horizon Report the voice of the middle aged?
Mitt Romney is just another Bush. Obama is another Cliton.
Buy $100 worth of Gift Certificates & get a $20 gift for you! Now thru December 18th
where is your brain going? Lol
Nice little 3 mile run at lunch today in downtown #ROC - gorgeous day!
The Kelly Cup Finals have started. The puck has dropped here at the Orleans Arena. Las Vegas #Wranglers vs the Florida
lol idk Keeks i think u have failed on don't drink beer becuz u drank yesterday & B u failed the yardwork b4 football
If I'm the Bulls, I trade Boozer for a ball, net & Gatorade bottle ": If I'm the Bulls, I'm not adding any salary this offseason."
Africa the new track from Innovators next album is a bomb.Kip watching
:: Versailles Treaty moment in Biz Law: "That was less painful that I thought... Was it too easy?"
I am following. Keep up the good work. So the boss grew up in a log weather station? Bring pug pictures :)
garbin, my garmin nuvi, is absolutely killing it right now
no. new twitter app didn't follow my followers
I met you at the Rec Park to. With a bunch of people. :) & I met Alec that day too haha
I Love God, the cool thing is, he Loves me more. Eric - Naked Like Adam
Skip was one of his early mentors at ESPN. Took him under his wing. Then he blindsides him w/ sumthin he read on blog
I've never had a mosquito bite near my elbow. It's so annoying >.<
Helicopters all over lower Manhattan tonight. We live in a police state.
#ff inappropriate usage of tea bagging
Fellow Wisconsinites: Don't forget to get out and vote today! Let's go !
agreed! We'd really like them to step it up. Who knows - they might even pull a last min victory like w the Pats!
extremely lucky haha I do but no car :-( but hopefully I'll get a better job and save money, get a nice car!!!
Man...I dunno what to watch movie wise :/
Holy crap dude, did you leave any for anybody else?? lol
Cuddling up to my new jewelry supply catalog - just arrived in the mail today :-)
What??? RT abc store closed tomm???
I need a energy drink.
Well.. Guess it ain't real. *Kanye shrug
Walked 12miles today! My legs freggin kill.
How irritated I am right now
Great photo Jinxypie.
Thanks Girl(; <3 I requested you on Facebreezy! accept :P
lol well youu know how "I" do . But DM me right quick.
We're hanging out at tonight at in Muncie! If U R here, stop by our booth to enter to win a K-LOVE cd prize pack.
i really hate going to the orthodonist... because after, my teeth are killing me :(
. Awesome. I can't wait to visit Sicily in two weeks!
Going to redeem coupon for some free tix. It's probably going to be a long sad season, but I'm ready for some baseball.
Keeping up with Social Media is becoming a part time job.....lol!!!
Of course! It sounds like a great time!
I'll be going to the Nat'l Arts Marketing Conf this Nov - it's going to be in Charlotte!
I hope Selena knows how fucking lucky she is.
“: I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"” Hahahahahahah
2007 seems like decades ago, and he hasntn't played ball in almost two years! Does Boldin have much time left in Balt?
#nw an american affair, this movies so deep
My 15-year-old is coming along today, though, so I'm a little limited. :-) But glad for her to have this opportunity!
Love isn't love, til you've given it away......commissioned
like, they made a fourth Quake? for who?
Foam roll while watching the #Brewers lock up the series???? Duh!
last one: can't moving in together be BOTH testing out the relationship and a step toward greater commitment?
DON'T PASS THE BALL, LEBRON!
Can't believ I'm going to miss Jesse Sykes tomorrow night at the west Seattle summerfest!
I miss the innocence I've known, playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Davis seems like both to me. Great upside on both ends of the floor with great athleticism and range.
that moment when know you need to finish your homework but you choose to ignore it until last minute.
“ Ppl don't want to believe in religion nowadays bc they say it's too flawed, using that as an excuse to do what they want.”
Lol , I Guess. You Know You Love
well played!
It's like the more I sleep, the more tired I wake up.
I would get the hiccups right now
don't worry bout it send off
<< Definitely joint juice!!
Hey! How have you been?
let me know when you need service on that truck
shave your head
A Lil and the down bottom fam at the park 2nite
why are you in the emergency room?!?!?
The Circus Tour is underrated and will forever be the greatest show on earth
is stoked to play tonight!
can't wait to see you at ! And Norman too! 😄💪👊
Just had 3 of my daughter's friends over for a pool party - the house is oddly quiet now that she is napping and the friends have gone home!
I just saw the worst car crash on the 60 freeway. Holla, for being alive.
Public comment is now closed; Q&A time for Budget Committee members.
The song on NBC's parade, the marching band playing RESPECT...my high school played that version!
u are.
“: working on that / Bk Lounge #Mixtape” ..it's about to be ridiculous...
I have loved Lily Halpern for a while now, and her music has always been good. If they're more than friends, I support 100% <3
Under The Mistletoe ends in a few days. There's still time to take advantage of all the great deals!
Hamptons water temp = 55 degrees. Am I smelling a bet coming on? Morning y'all
Over/under 6 months before UK's title is vacated?
Im so ticked off about what mrs. Whaley did today
Beethoven. Picasso. Edison. #LunchWithAnyThreePeopleWhoEverLived (also? Sid Vicious = waiter... just to mix it up...)
well that's why I dont bring it out that often
There should be an app for that. RT Why don't Zillow or Trulia have a "proximity to Dunkin Donuts" option for new home searches?
The boys are thirsty and there's beer in Texarkana
Anger is one letter short of danger. Maybe I should rethink my twitter alias
no problem. I saw him running in on the MASN feed.
Celebrate 25 years of rock with tonight ! Taste & order autographed bottles of "Shimmy Shimmy Merlot" & Sauvignon Blanc!
Wow just made my day(: love wakin up to those super long text from him its amazing!(: <3
Father , you make beautiful things out of us .
Give the gift of good taste! For every $50 in FSG gift cards you buy, get $10 bonus coupon for yourself. Gift cards available in store now.
Anyways, working 6PM-2AM tomorrow night and not bitching because you will love this movie, to all you midnight premier goers!
Volume 14.11 done and done. Small issue with tons of great writings.
yes to Rossi's.
#nowreading "The Columbia History of American Television," Gary R. Edgerton
What it do twitter I been M.I.A on both networks jus over alot of shit and focused at the same time so I,fell back im back to tweetin my bad
Work doesn't feel like work when you're with friends. Fun day with Rick Ferguson and Aimee McGuire!
sure. Meet , Renee. Troy, meet Renee.
Over 100 session proposals received for #IA2012! Thanks to all who submitted; planning's just getting started for InterActivity in Portland!
WOW, I'm salivating a little over here...nice find!
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche ~
Yeah, don't remind me! // RT : A reminder: Nothing comes easily for the Florida Panthers. 3-2, 2:02 into the 3rd.
u good
when for two favorite people become friends >>>>>>>
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333
WHY CANT THEY JUST KEEP REPLAYING #SaySomethin ITS AMAZING OMG.
Tryna gather my thoughts.....need to get ready for wk!!!
Even after a long day I had to DIG DEEPER!
“ I really need new contacts.”can't be that bad
I dedicate tweet #2000 to my fam both blood and thru faith,to my friends and every follower that rt or mentioned a dude. God bless
lord have mercy it's a beautiful thing, ain't nothin' 'bout it luck, there's somethin' bout a truck. <3
Apartment hunting BLOWS. Anybody in Nashville know of a cheap apartment to live in for the baseball season? I just need a place to sleep...
you still there?
Isn't it #justsilly to start a "99% enough" war? We org with parents in Lynwood, SLA, etc. and we live there too
aww haha I feel bad ill give it to my cousin to give to you..
swag.♥ oh & congrats on your #18millionbeliebers !
Just got the read and react offense DVD. Time to learn.
In that case I would go with Freeman because then you don't have to waste an early round pick on a QB
Cub fans do that pretty much anytime there's contact.
and Clark does not know how to pass
obligatory #FireSpaz tag? Obligatory
Large rain wrapped Tornado in Rockwall county. Hard to see, very dangerous. Take cover.
Now...BACK TO MY HOMEWORK!
sub 9 pace! I just finished a 2.06 mi run with a pace of 8'55"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
I watch when it matters. And, there's nothing quite like playoff hockey. C'mon M, I'm a seasoned veteran of postseason athletics! 😄
Ex-Raider Chester McGlockton dies suddenly at age 42
Very disappointed w/Casa Rustica in Smithtown, #LongIsland One choice by for wine by glass, loud with kids, no lasagna.
moms are adorable :)
For me 1) Hello Nasty 2) Check Your Head 3) Paul's Boutique. But the same list. Also brass monkeys after work.
The Universe is only laughing at you because it's insecure.
Can't wait to see the first two episodes of The F-List!!!
5 episodes of #lost in a row. Ah I'm addicted
Come back to registration so we can sort you out unless you love the alias title. Ha.
Is it utter madness to contemplate taking Mom out for dinner this Saturday?
Quote I remember the most from music school about a piece of music: "It was like vomit but without substance. Like watery vomit."
Right back at cha! You did great work all week. Loved Motor City Wine Bar. It's my new hang out.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING <3 I Will Love You Always!!!!
my tooth starting to hurt me. Hope it aint that time for that wisdom to come in or come out
If I don't constantly keep up with the music scene/industry I don't feel alive or in the loop..
What is a friend these days. ? ;)
I WARNED YOU!! RT : I honestly feel like my 6 week philosophy class is going to seriously take a toll on me :/
word:) suggestion:
I love when people tell you that they will text you whenever they get a study group together and yet they never end up texting you
How hot is Paul Pierce right now? 4-for-4 with 11 points in the first 6 minutes of play..Not a bad start for the Truth!
omg you are my favorite.
Jim Shella: What do you think of the state of journalism? Jim Lehrer: Deep sigh.
emergency WR void to fill off wire..preston parker or Titrus Young? have to start 3 WR in this league...andre DL/Dez BYE
RT : Siting in the introduction at CRMC. Talking about innovation. Comfort: It is bad for business. #le360, LMA360
Need Stocking Stuffers how about gift certificates from the Steer In.
15 minute sports marketing presentation to our client this morning. Welcome to the real world.
RT : Over 5K Appcelerator apps created with ACS since launch 7 days ago. I think we're on to something.
thx everyone! I luv it here!
nor days in the week!
And not in the way I'm used to blacking out.
the only screamo band I like is Black Veil Brides, rest of it is rubbish!
Big thanks to the agents at Palm Springs Airport this morning for being so kind and helpful as we rearranged our flight
How is Game of Thrones in that sentence? Compared to the books?
Just you can make do that !!!
Today is the celebration of life only made possible by the wonderful mothers of the world. Happy Mothers Day! :-)
It really was remarkable. Wish you could have been there too!!!!
Hopefully is learning as well as apologizing. One reason there aren't more female software developers: because of assholes like them.
I love to stay on top of news ワサビラビットが東京オフィスを開設 ニューヨーク--(BUSINESS WIRE)--（ビジネスワ
Why does my phone always change babe to have?! -__-
I'm gonna be honest. I really have no idea where we are. I just know what the gps is telling us to do.
RT New STD out called "Ass Whoopin"..... Keep talking shit & you just might catch 1 quick
Between the warm winter, earthquakes and most alarming, no SB46 for Pack, we should believe this 2012 end of the world stuff.
then come out and celebrate :D
Do these make me look gay? You look like you've seen one up close..
Sonya Sanchez Arias Great quote Sonya! I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
Hopefully, not RaeLynn!
": Let's get to 50 followers by Friday night!!!" You are the best niece ever! Love you!
So amazed @ the work ASU is doing to mentor tomorrow's innovative leaders! Truly awesome - keep up the good work!
who do you think shes gonna pick?
Patrick Pistorio Named Camp Director for Elgin Chicago Bears Youth Football Camp - TribLocal
Yes Killah All I Need is a #TM Always been on #Teamspanishchicks Follow your boy for all that noticias deportes
no I kno it's not you, and I think It might be that guy.
sry havent been on twitter in forever! :(
and of course frank is wasting his food... -_-
this fucking coffee!!!!!
Share with us your tips on following through with the goals you set!
Sorry for the slow reply--Loving Louisville, both the school and city. More in a DM.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart: News, Pictures - Zimbio
Brain port RT : T3: wouldnt it be nice if the session was recorded, translated/transcribed, and dynamically added?
I got my food stamps:) yayay lls
The fact you truly don't give a shit hurts me the most.
yaaay! Have fun guys!!
Anyone notice the 1 of the guys on #Jeopardy tonight looks like an older ?? It's wild, awesome and a little creepy
Well hey there. How do you know my uncle?
I am on the hunt for Roman costumes for this Roman shoot! Help. Where should I go NYC?
Yeah....Artest makes no difference....
Neyo never gets old.
Said it before, I'll say it again. If your total tweets is a higher number than your bank balance, you need to adjust your priorities.
“: #commonphssayings she's a freshman, bro” hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
our coffee shops will distribute your sleeves all hours they are open for business.
Who shot cha? 
Go PACK!! Take it to da bears!! Need to put it together tonite!
It's a beautiful rainy spring morning :P
Nope, it's from years ago (2003, acc ) and was just called Coupling - straight-up remake
lmao... Oh...idk...I wasnt gonna check into, anymore so ...
next weekend! Wood household is open
OMFG did anyone else know there is a Kung Fu & Circus Arts place on the corner of Park and El Cajon Blvd!?! Where do i sign up for that??
Yerp! What you up to after? RT : Headed to Boston..celtics game 4 tickets in hand
seriously Barrett, what have you done for Milwaukee?
New faces at our general body meeting! We love it!
Hazy Venice...so great.
Ladies be the lady all men want to have, not the one all men already had.
There be some weird ass people on Sierra way B
What's up fam! How have you been? Glad to hear LA went good.
rebecca's parents are visiting from NY, so we've got 2 giant sacks of real, amazing bagels over here
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. -Henry David Thoreau
Thanks to my son-in-law Shaun for getting up at 3:15 a.m. to get me to airport-either good son-in-law or he wanted to see me off asap:)!
Thanks for retweeting my post. Curious hear what DH folks think about my recent explorations in spatial (ethno)musicology.
Seattle Web Designers. Would you like to work with me? send email to . INC portfolio url, your background, fav tech
I kinda wish i never met you...
I'm thankful that I live in the progressive, hard-working city of Chicago. What an excellent place to launch a cool small biz like ours. :)
Single and not looking
let me know when you dump the flash!
Wolf - you just called Herman Cain ignorant. How do you feel?
oh my god!!!! you are funny!
Im ready to go to gym so i can charge my phone.
Types of nicotine my mom uses on a daily basis: cigs, the patch, gum. But not at the same time anymore so it's okay she says.
Now I remember why I haven't been back to North Carolina since graduation. Shameful. Embarrassing. Firmly on the wrong side of history.
Just travelled across central CA and realized that Jesus is still more popular than Ritual Roasters.
#nowplaying Everytime We Say Goodbye perf by George Mesterhazy and Lisa Lindsley...RIP my dear friend
Out of focus
dude needs to stay in his lane
Standard Friday loansharking.
DRob reminds me of John Wetteland...closer before MO...does not like 1-2-3 9th inn...PHEW...!
New Kickstarter campaign to raise money for suspended Saints coaches & staff. Name? "Share Your Bounty." #saints # nfl
love me forever
let me know if u need help scouting..
drinking a vanilla-orange frappacino, recouping from a pleasant exchange with an ex. diving in to me again.
RT : so y'all sayin making 50k a year is struggling..The Fuck??? --it's a struggle w/ kids but not when you're single
what happened in Clearwater?
coolness! Sounds like it is going to be a fun show!
| Happy Monday! Gentle reminder to please forward more images...please, & thank you.
Are you tweeting about the arts in Austin? Let us know! We'd love to follow you. Be sure to reply using the @ symbol so we can find you.
Eating pussy isn't a crime just don't do that shit to everyone
About too have a good time
Nice bomb Prince! Hopefully will lead to a few more hits with runners in scoring position - that has to improve for #Tigers to improve
i tried to come and taunt you ;P
Just spent the day with an 8 year old. Can't believe how much she shit talked other 8 year olds.
o, look at me, i'm soo cool because I use Yolo after everything I say. -__- Being a sarcastic bitch because
💅 really wish nail polish didn't last less than a week. Sick of painting my nails twice a week.
Let me know when Tebow ascends into Heaven.
Yeah, now. It's my mom. She isn't doing so well.
TY for sharing the rel=author post!
#paulmccartney was incredible on the
It was great to meet everyone, hope to see you all again soon!
You cant be serious!
I love it when I wake up and everything makes perfect sense :)
#ASKKIAN come to florida to do a meet and greet?
were completely unprecedented. But at the same time, one must be sensitive to the peculiarities of the object at hand, and not
Racial profiling is what got #TrayvonMartin killed, not a damn hoodie.
Unfortunate to see Pac-12 no. 2 and no. 3 get Alamo and Holiday still, couldn't parlay better bowl games with realignment?
Hello guys! Did my first GCSE today - didn't go as badly as I thought it would
I just want Tom and Lynette back together!
follow back please
I had organic muesli for breakfaset with skim milk. Does that excuse the cheeseburger with fried egg I'm planning on for lunch?
Any news on yet? That would be a huge blow to this defense if he missed time, regardless of how well the reserves played.
When I get to drink again, I wonder what my first drink is gonna be.......hm
Producers if I told you on Blazetrak to hit me up - hit me now I'll DM u my email
this is wonderful!
Fittingly, my last day at the worst job I've ever held required me to drive to Kenosha.
I didn't change, you just never knew me.
I love how I do everything and a half ON MY BREAK, ask for one simple favor and wind up having to do it anyway because someone "forgot".. 😒
"Do you think it's possible that communicating an attitude of gratitude in your business could actually make you more money?"...
thanks! I made me look skinny! What does yours look like?
also commonly referred to as "growing a tail".
Brunch is my favorite meal mash up.
has done an great job putting on this Historic Reception for the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit
guess ill go clean
Aww, it's 3 hours difference! I think traffic is gonna SUCK on Sunday when we leave though. We're heading home around 10AM.
why don't u like 50??
Yeah, free coffee or something would be better.
4 gifts left!
game of thrones
Within a block of San Diego Civic Theatre & Lyceum, Dobson's draws many theater-bound patrons at dinnertime. Be sure to make a reservation.
FIRST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL WAS FUN:D I MADE NEW FRIENDS:)
yessir! sorry so late my enternet game is real whack right now...goodnight! whats good with you?
I used that wrong. There *was* a dearth, now a surfeit...
Follow -Clayton & partnering w/Arise Africa 2provide safe & loving homes 4 less fortunate children of Zambia.
Shame On Lloyd Blankfein and Rupert Murdoch - Forbes
Daniel Bryan Gonna make Shaemus tap
Ugh so dumb!
First there was the replay of reply to and now the replay of H vs Undertaker . C'mon way too much filler !!!
hold out for brewers central champs shirt
When I met my boyfriend at US-Mex, I was shit faced. His name in my phone was 'US National Team Matt'. I had no idea who he was.
.... demi is gonna be an x factor judge...? wot.
surf solar
KU Jayhawk win ... Makes me happy
Not in the mood for little kid drama AGAIN! thoe <<<<<<
Start your week off strong. Stay focused and keep the momentum going all week long. You can do it. Have very productive week.
Use paper bags rather than plastic to store lettuce and celery in the crisper. They will stay fresh longer.
Cosby Boys won over JRHS in 3 while JRHS girls beat Cosby 3/4. Unfortunate for fans these games take place at the same time in diff venues.
Glad you're involved! I have helped with the ceremony in the past. Great event!
ebooks for all, check us out , please retweet, many thanks also looking for contributors for Cyber Sundae a internet newletter!
Familys leaving today
Hanging out with my lovely aunt and her #bluebloods crew! I <3 NYC!
ESPN refuses to use TMZ as a source
5 hour video chat again tonight? i think so!
need to increase productiveness this week. not off to a good start. reading about Yukio Mishima all day instead? why? interesting at least.
Due to indignation over recent controversies, I now have too many
Gonna be with my girls and my boy 💜
Just set up my cobbler at the gourmet gents event...shld b smashing!!!
Probably in the morning. Like 10 or 11. I'll talk to her tomorrow. Night!
We dont talk anymore. And you know the saddest part is we used to talk everyday.
Don't know what to do, but can't give up.
#Coachella. just began their set this very second!
I like strawberry ♥
Is Nick Perry on twitter?
u mean ?? :-) i better be seeing your crazy butt in madtown this weekend
I need a Coachella ticket!!! Can't believe the tickets sold out in less than a week.. Is anyone interested in selling one?
well that's cool. Haha. did you see everyone else practicing?
A little down in the dumps 😔
that of cruz... lmk thanks
You've got to let us know about that kind of stuff when it's happening! Tell us at the "Ask Us" desk.
Disappointing to know that I am better than what I show..
OMG this hater keeps tweeting me -.- if she hates you so much why does she keep tweeting about you, #Annoying AF
all found and safe
come home now...I will have a queso burrito waiting lol
Maybe what I heard about pappy three years ago when he got hired was true.. wow. No one knew but me and some others..
Who wants my love? No one? Kay.
Reminder: We do a #giveaway every Wednesday at 12 noon ET.
Good....now don't that we got things understood. Wat u got yo bachelors in?
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Bandage of Horses
2nite's Vagina Monologue rehearsal question proposed by our director & now I ask you: "What does it mean to be a woman living in America?"
Well, for 1b1c the answer is technically 2, but the tweeter always hopes to reach 50.
they have those to discourage people from taking part of the process. Good for you for working past the pain! We shall overcome!
Love waking up to breakfast being ready for me 😊👌
Hey , any update on those NYG photos?
Finna get dressed and ride down on you....
Stay Tuned for a Sneak Peak at the Menu and Much More....
what does the gold card do?
Its mind blowing that most coaches/ players have the common sense 2 work R/L sides equally but DONT work front/back equally!
Money, Multiple Orgasms and shoes that doesn't hurt like hell...
Raining and it's freaking cold. Good thing I make it on time at work..
Hello! Is there a USAC study abroad alumni group on LinkedIn?
..you offend easily? Sorry, am I to be afraid now? Or is the core of the issue, people mistake your kindness for weakness?
Want 2 reach a group of followers who appreciate and value great design? Think about advertising on our blog. Want more or have Q's DM me.
Count how many "heart healthy" messages you hear today. Is your employer sending one? Happy Valentines Day!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 41
In pain, stiff, numb and weak, but, I'm alive, walking wobbly and grateful for life.
Thanks! RT: At OZ Korean BBQ with my wonderful sister. Bomb ass food and relatively inexpensive. Definitely well worth coming...
#Determined to make something of myself
hahaha GET. IT. :)
Why do I feel like I need a tetanus shot everytime I fly out of LaGuardia? And why don't I remember this year to year?
They are characters from "Laverne and Shirley." Its opening is where the famous work glove on the beer bottle shot is from.
Thank you my love Your the best woman in the world and wouldn't change you for anyone in the world!! Xoxox
Hated seeing that NC State loss, but the UNC-Kansas game will be a good one.
Hasn't slept yet, simply ridiculous. Did some writing but for sure not the right kind. I deem tomorrow a music writing day. If I wake up.
Cancer kills. ♋
Remember I posted that I was moving to LA? I ran out of gas in Phoenix. I still have the dream though. How's things going?
Oh my god...I am actually aroused!There is a Sex Heathen God !lol
Follow BostonOnTheRun back! We love the show Kim!!
On 6:03 train into NYC for #BRITEconf. Can't wait to welcome our 400 participants (a new record!)
MSNBC is leberal media? Repub Halperin to Repub JoeScar: "Obama's a dick". Liberals have Rachel, Ed, Lawrence. Repubs have EVERYONE ELSE.
RT: ATTENTION! To whom it may concern: AT THE DRIVE-IN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS …NOW…OPERATIONAL
<3 when you see me at school you gotta remind me though(:
S/o to my new followers
it kinda is! lol howd u see that i made another one? i didnt change my bio or anything.
My tongue hurts-.-
the way they keep composure, whether winning, losing our being roughed up by the opposing team, they stay calm and collective.
big up meme war for brainstorm session n photos
its funny cus the main ppl sayn "sex aint better than love" are the hoes ruinin happy relationships. STOP tryna quote trey homewreckers !!
#IlikeObamacare because obama is cool and I don't really care about politics. I am young with my future ahead of me so It doesn't effect me.
Yes, we can be. Glad you're writing. Don't lose my email addy. Feel free to send pages.
bout to get in tha showa maybe it'll help me get to sleep
Why doesn't have a #CincodeMayo theme?
": #BrosOverHoes" The video is real bro
If we are meant to be together, then we will end up together.
As soon as I get this graduation money I'm getting my headshots and about to let this modeling begin!
Thanks for the follow, guys! Good luck with world domination!
listen to on iTunes get Brian to listen and download songs! :)
Whata ya know Ronaldo is in full form again g-notes for days
As another one is ending her journey, lets renew our determination to fight!
thank you very much!
All bundled up and ready for bed. WA nights, bring it.
#Seattle #Veterans Day - Show your military ID at any one of our locations and get yourself a slice of #pizza for #free !
IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????
Nate told us the wrong time for load in. So im here, with greg and jake just sitting on the porch at the grange. Thanks buddy....
i think i'm in love with but just a little :p
I should have applied!
Bengals have the edge in this game. Think they should pull this one out.
hehe have fun!!! I will!! I look out for a dress for u...
lol I know right. "I just wanna go ahead & thank that man who's upstairs right now. Well you know who you are." lol
Waiting for you to change is like waiting for it to snow on a dessert, impossible!
I swear my school is filled with Directionators. Thinking they know shit, bitch, try me.
naaaa I just chilled at home and went out to dinner with Mia yesterday. What did you get into?
ChatNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I can't keep my eyes open.
The biggest innovation in mobile? I don't think it's NFC or AR.. It's consumer mindset: from something new to something expected/natural
What happens in Scotts. Stays in Scotts!
roommates at work til 7 am...some one entertain me.
you know that was for me dude. Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD
I get an attitude when back channeling/Tweeting, taking notes, exploring topic presenter is talking about. Ugh.
congratulations to a great couple. Have fun!
whataburger sighting out of Birmingham....exit 267 on 65N if you are still around....could't resist.
following back son!!
You played a big role in its success! MT ... great panel on arts writing yesterday. We were small but mighty!
Thanks for the link. Looking forward to reading your piece.
Thanks for the follow! See you on the dance floor
Really wish & were at #sxsw for this CNN/NewMe panel.
this is stupid. get on with the game. nobody cares about these kids.
follow me cuz... i see you
good question!!!
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
Watched the #movie Strictly Ballroom. It was pretty good
The only REAL way to protect yourself against unauthorized key duplication is with PATENTED, not just restricted, keys....
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 18 Final #redskins #cowboys #nfl (Via )
Bro puked all over the bottom stairs last night.):
I'm such a freaking misanthrope at this point it's not even safe to read my tweets #beware ... Oops too late
please tell me no animals were harmed in the making of your tweet.
So nice out. Can't wait to get outside and play. Georgetown waterfront here I come!!!! ...in 3 hrs. Grrrr.
I do! I want a #Spectre laptop. :)
true dat. and makes it not unlike LinkedIn answers (which I still prefer for that sorta thing)
just... lol I'LL SHOW YOU ONCE WE GET BACK TO SCHOOL
We are always looking for artist's and bands to collaborate with... send us a message
J.S. Edwards is open every Sunday, 11 am to 4 pm starting this Sunday, November 22.
i remember when talked to me and brother and asked how we enjoyed his concert...he was lookin pretty fine.
Just brought the beer monster to the east coast
Pinching self. Midway thru 10 mile run, worked in 200m repeats down to 6:49 pace. Hell yes.
#RETWEET If You love Your West Coast Los Angeles ICONiacz.<3 We Will You So Much.<3 COME BACK ON A TOUR STOP ;D
How do you submit?
- && all I can say is, I'm so proud of you <3
Thankful for a home full of family & friends. Happy Thanksgiving All !!
I'm still saving for my upgrade! But at least PS & AI are backwards compatible.
Thank you and Lisa for visiting our city. We had a great time and look forward to future mashups!
you just did... but I'm holding out for "Mr. Right" LOL I kill myself
As am I! Mostly because I think SIBL is so valuable and I hate to see it gone.
Bears suck lol come on Denver next time go out of bounce bears fan!!!!!!!!!
that sounds so effin' good!
just saw starships... Little freaky but you worked it ;D <3
ABDC♥ ICONic Boyz on tonight! Louis,Mikey,Madison,Nick,Jason,&Thomas♥ Wish you were on Vin♥
I have that!
My kind of woman.
you're just like a penny. two-faced and worthless.”
i luv u no matter wat cc.....im gonna keep u and ur fam in my prayers..#keepyourheadup..just remember he gone be back someday
Just did week 7, day 2 of !
you as well.
oh hell yeah gotta agree with u on dat i had me one before n dam they r da bomb!!!
10% discount for all locals who show their ID at the Queen Vic......Drink up!
likewise :) where do u surf?
easy "killer"..maybe time to take UR Depakote...or maybe just "walk that shit off"!
HAVE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL THANKSGIVING DAY!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Chicken Dumpling, & Chili
Down to the mall to watch the discovery shuttle :)
I can't believe that people are cheering for $2.50/ gal gas!!!
High-end Applebee's is how I'm going to redecorate my emotional interior.
especially on a jam packed flight
I'd <3 to go back & reexamine some of the things I've done. Not sure I'd change them.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. ~Aristotle~
come to think of it, I have not.... Hm
Don't know why I bought a season pass to Metal Evolution on iTunes instead of individual episodes. Who cares about grunge or numetal? Not me
omg shoot :(
We just passed 900 followers today. Thanks for the support everyone!
Many of these pols on both sides are only out for themselves. The moderates are largely marginalized or booted out.
Chad, accept my love!!<3
"Innovation will drive quality." -Peter Bernard
Pete Carroll gleefully will tell David Hawthorne to come back home.
so pumped about the #cbnutcracker tomorrow night (won tix at 's #MerryMingle!) now, what to wear??
Love people watching at the mall in Bellevue. Anyone ever been to Scottsdale, Az? Very similar.
lol ok I see you have a fan base!
New Faculty Orientation-Monday, July 11, 2001 in the Alumni Center. Contact Faculty affairs at to register.
Damn tired but a few more songs need to be heard and a few more lines need to be written. So glad tomorrow is Saturday :)
Love those shows your the best Capt. Of the Enterprise ever... No one comes close. God Bless...
wow! The best up & coming strength & conditioning coach in college call ME the truth!? Nice.
Cleveland Is My City and I Love Yea I Love It!!! RT if you agree
The feeling is mutual! You are too kind and I look forward to more collaboration with your team.
Woot! RT : Capitol Ave. parking is back just in time for this rainy #Indy weather
Boardroom boxing matchs = why I love
well damn haha who knew
Michelle Bachman is an idiot. She doesn't get it. She's got 5% of the vote but claims a victory in Iowa.
"What's truly ridiculous is us doing programs that we don't believe in or don't find engaging." -Lisa Yun Lee #aam2012 #dangerous/ridiculous
At the world premiere of "When the Bough Breaks". Very powerful documentary about the Center for Child Protection in Austin
They have to. RT Social media and recruiting. Can they co-exist?
Headed to ABF to praise the Lord with Shaun, Kristin, Terrance and Chris!!! Everyone have a great day :)
One out of every ten babies born in NM has, or is at risk for, developmental delay or disability.
Driving around today I've noticed hardly no one knows how to follow traffic laws anymore.
I'm only allowed to make vague statements until they wrap, but I'm very excited and impressed with what I've seen so far!
done wit the taxes! ...now, to give ALL my attention to my assets. :)
that the Obama administration failed miserably
I cant stand angelica mean ass.
oh .. is that why you arent in the radio station today !
Only a few chances left to see Let it Ho! TONIGHT! and Next Wed & Thurs! "Must See"- Centerstage Chicago "Best Bets"-Metromix
Supreme #irony: Al-Jazeera English is reporting that Norway's #Brevik claims to have been inspired by
are you sticking around for a bit or getting to-go?
I enjoy those days when I realize the people around me are quite smart.
My favorite thing about going to my parents' apartment is riding in the elevator with teenagers who smell like pot.
i mean i am telling you to stay with kam and i if u wanted to
COME IN FOR Spring Cleaning ~ All Body Waxing 50% off in March!!
lol. Yeah. I made all state band this year.
Great to hear Dave!!!
what bout dah army ?
Hahaha ok that's what I figured :'D
Even more snow now. It's a deceptive spring in Edmonton: sun before & jogging weather (w light jacket)—now snow and cold again
LOST A FOLLOWER Bye Bitch.
Crosswind here keeps knocking ball off tee :-/
Get Dressed.Music hits.Adrenaline starts to flow.Burst through the curtain.THE SWITCH IS ON.Evil in my eyes.Evil intentions.Victory is mine!
Thanks a lot for coming to speak , Chaim! Loved your energy and presence - really refreshing.
"Don't hate the player, change the game."
They can kiss my ass
Minnen: look at "Minority Report" -- it was designed to look good in a movie. Need to find the right tool for the job.
Sitting at the jetport watching area thinking about planes and moving to California.
for once I'm not, but I'll soon get over it :)
Lmfao! I like it!
#jfokus is right around the corner. We're looking forward to an exciting couple of days in Stockholm.
work till 9
kinda weird how demi is an x factor judge.... imagine if she gets the over's.... lol.
jeje... Have a great sat!
RT : Got asked today, 'How long have you actually worked here?' I replied 'Since they threatened to fire me...'
enjoying the new layout for gizmodo/lifehacker/etc.
#Pella 350 Series made the Top 100 list to be out in Nov issue! Call me 2 find out who's and Y #Doors #Windows #Albuquerque 505-225-5538
lol...its never to late for fun!!! :) LOVE IT!!
screams because frustration sucks. and with that, bye.
Amazing! :) RT I didnt sleep with them! I asked them over coffee (:
it took a while, but worth it!
We have 3 bikes, and I don't ride very often. I wonder how many tacos I could get for one of the bikes? What's the exchange rate?
No, you! RT You're my favorite.
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview. The post was his substantive response to issue.
Ok, so the Drupal magic is slow in coming today ...
#DarkskinPeopleNickNames smoke, black or my favorite spook.
If I acquire a sugar daddy, win the lottery, or decide to work the pole #nkotbcruise2012 sounds great!
Ah, dang it. The show we're going to see starts at 8:00. I doubt we'll make it in time. Break a leg!
Good morning everyone!
Has anyone visiting seen the augments & Allison learned to make at our AR workshop last weekend?
Mr. Handyman International Rookie of the Year James Furrer awarded at National Convention Orlando, FL
I'm working on the 6th floor and someone asked me where the stairs were because they were afraid of elevators, HOW DID YOU GET UP HERE?
I know I wasn't even gonna do it, because I had too much to say. But I just tried to condence it haha.
you look fantastic. Very happy to have u in Chicago.
what's on the menu
The honor is ours, good sir.
Has somebody found the video yet?!?!?! RT : COLBY'S!!!!!
and hopefully others will flashmob Union Gospel Mission tomorrow with blankets, socks & coats! Do it!
I miss u boyfriend :-( make an effort to at least pretend u miss me too!
of those contradiction in terms-Gay Republican-
So ready to be done with finals!
Thanks to everyone that came out tonight! We had a blast and hope you did too! Stand by for some up coming news.
#mahonefact Austin didn't write 11:11 by himself, it's written by a band, hasn't famous yet hehehe :)
NY State Of Mind-
my data is larger than yours.
#GRAMMY'S
“: I feel old👵😒!!”>>> your getting there lmfao O_o jk
ughh . twitter is acting up:/ have to tweet by txt , somone tweet me ,maybe?im bored
frank ocean?
This Bards for You!
Wishing did deliveries...
Thank you!
im not sure yet.
Your voice is simply amazing. Can't wait to buy your album and play it over and over!
naw. I'll be in NY workin. Have fun though!!
Just say when! RT Close can we please have a picnic just like this from
I'm right behind you brotha
Would be interesting to see which of those were originally 20% projects.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to remind customers about tire rotations. Ask us how-918-271-0062
Remember what your magic numbers are.
oh shit they look almost the same, you still stuntin on em with that pic b
Two hundred and four, at last count. 45% of our ACH members hail from outside the United States.
I know its pay day and it may come in stacks. But only knowing what to do with it makes your earnings priceless. #NspiredBy Proverbs 20:15
Repeat after me: "I am not a jerk." :)
Today was so much fun<3 can't wait for tomorrow(:
Not buying it Madonna
I been having that same problem. I'm hoping its allergies
Let's get that for the new apartment. Housewarming party.
Happy teacher Tuesday! Happy hour all night for teachers. Wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
You're the best Violet! :) " So glad you discovered the amazing "
our music has been known to have that effect, be careful
Lahore, Pakistan googles the word "boobs" more than any other city in the world. Thank you #googletrends for this important research
I tweet this with gritted teeth: Someone is going to have a heart attack climbing the godforsaken Bethesda Metro escalator. FIX IT, WMATA.
Fucking kyle all you do is..be yourself.
Great new Pic of Jake Weber on the Beyond Redemption Facebook page. #indie film
OovoO ' In w. Prod's Cousin Amber :*
Still hungry!! Meow!
you are most welcome, m'lady. Be safe with your phone until then!!
Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
re new woodworking, yeah *lots* ;) i'm afraid i'm not much of a photographer, but let me see what I can do to share. stand by ;)
Doctor who season fanalie!!!!!!
Excellent, thx for the info. reminds me a bit of our own
I am a misanthropist to the highest extent imaginable..
To go home or not to go home today is the question.
Lolollol funny joke. Can't wait till the summer .. So fucking ready
Hey I know we haven't been able to touch base! Sorry its been crazy busy, lets find time as soon as we can!
2012 film watching! #38. Collapse (Smith, 2009). Documentary about the decline of our economy and potential loss of all oil. Average doc.
HSE and North Central game is proof that the first round needs to be seeded
Do mailboxes still exist?! Why can't I find one?
yay finnally got on waiting for the #grand email : )
RT : all learning professionals need to stop thinking & talking learning. Focus on behav change/perf imprvmt
The fuck is wrong with you???? #confused 12 hours a day not good enough huh? Got some kids to feed? Or Are you high?
can yu change my name
So you are coming back to NY in 2012?? Please do!! I want to do it all over again.
Happiest of birthdays to you!!!!
I have a mac & I use DoubleTwist. Might be an easier way w/ a PC! You can also drag iTunes files when your phone is mounted
true shit dude, it was boring as fuck last year
It's is always good to "embrace what you don't know" and books in translation is a great way!
the name shall not be mentioned remember >_< lol
I plan on Tebowing for Jim the moment I see him next.
Thanks for spreading the word about our gala online auction!
That does not count as a deuce in the race deck. If the sit was reversed...it would have been a lynching. I am pointing out irony.
i'll be at torrey tom morn for farmers open w/ sd mayor, hear the north is as tough as south. visit, we'll play both and decide!
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
I'm not out there sweating for three hours every day just to find out what it feels like to sweat.
Considering the last time I cleaned my fridge may have been when I was pregnant, I call it nesting. :)
Thinking of hitting up some Luv It Custard this evening after a reportedly hottest day of the year thus far! Local and loving it.
did u look in the mirror?
Pianist Andrew Staupe receives incredible standing ovation at RSOC opening concert, Welcome to America.
tell me how it felt when you put it in Bill Self's mouth.
I found my friends, they're in my head
Wrote to my reps to say NO to #SOPA & #PIPA Hope you'll so the same. Jeff Bingaman
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. ~Henry Ward Beecher
sounds fun lol! Btw I feel like I havent seen you in a while. We gotta fix that!
The only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don't change; when everybody else does.
The count down begins 4 the ULTIMATE SD brewery&beer tasting tour THIS Saturday!Grab ur friends&hop on a party bus 4 only $25
never followed me)': I've had this account forever... Lol.
aww :( and what type of dog?
I have one tomorrow hah
I just want it all ~_~
check you email under its under calvin harris
So, we're hosting another event this Thursday in Atlanta. More cool new features!
Sign up now for Speak Up Webinar: Engaging Parents' Support for Emerging Technologies in the Classroom on Wed, Feb. 17 at 2:00 PM Eastern.
About to order some TRU wear from that nigga get ya summer shit up
OMG! I found my keys!! This is an omen. I don't have to let go of 2011 afterall.
i get confused between the Civil Wars and the Cold War Kids a lot.
bought a new eos lip balm. :) i got the green one this time.
Good Morning Family RISE & SHINE ITS #FITNESS TIME!!!. Its a New Month!!! If you didn't start your #nutrition (cont)
Got a new shipment of jewelry supplies - let the creating begin :-)
you still are
No more work until next year! WOO HOOOO!
Its just to much for me.
Nevermind some of the bad teams he's pitched for that have contributed to his record being one game under .500
Emotions run too high. Thanksgiving no-nos: Politics, religion, Diaz/Condit.
think we may sneak a quick beer in at the goat after this session
hehehe! Dahling I just had a "like my status" moment. (sings: like my status if you have a tumblr. A tumblr) lol
back at work today after a week off. tough re-entry.
#gomezpeer....Are all payouts complete for this month?
RT Wish I could be there | : Celebrating #NPGD at the #ABQ BioPark! Beautiful day!”
Ugh too bad I didn't really have a "vacation"
I'm sure there are too few to list.
Yeah, I'm halfway through- will see if I can find other resources to help us along. But totally functional.
Man...I Want Some Lemon Pepper Wings And A Big Ass Jug Of Beer Just Watch The PlayOff
Im one of the weirdest most awkward person you can talk to(:
is a lil snake
": ": Just standing in this bullshit line. #IJustWannaGraduate""
Listening to intvw w Chuck Brown from 5 years ago at site of old Maverick Room. Couldnt go two minutes without fans recognizing, saying hi.
busy has hell.
sometimes i just hate thoese girls who bitch and cry all the fucking time about there boyfriends on twitter! #imsorry but its the truth
Running today was horrible for me, I'm so out of shape its not even funny .-.
how did you do in your racquetbal games against your coworker? how often do you play?
yeah.. knee!
Apparently my dog has already pooped in my room. He's just excited that he gets to see me tomorrow!
Watching Wrestle Mania! Woo
So many great artists on
rocks my soxs of <#
oh thanks Ross, since you definitely know what they are haha
I don't care about WOWP or Devil Inside. All I care about is British boy bands.
HELL wit Fisher he's fake
he was just kidding
I'd be surprised if they privately told Brandon Marshall to tell everybody that Devin Hester is running great routes.
Great musical tonight
I'm learning to fall with no safety net.
aye thanks for the follow :)
sir my kik username is simeone135
2012 New Years Resolutions complete. Got retweeted by .
Maybe it's that I tried once & didn't have service so I thought it didn't work. I'll @ you if I see it again.
had lots of fun with new clients this morning doing some TRX/Kettlebell fusion!
Chris brown sexy af
Hey bitches, if you don't know my best friend, who are you to call her a slut? I've heard a ton rumors about you, too.
How bout dem O's hon. Nice win !
I know. That's why I replied sarcastically.
How many canoes does your papa own? On Craig's List, 2 = my van
Maybe if I get what I don't like, I will like what I didn't want to get!!!!
hey! Still in Brickfields? I added u in BBM
We're currently in a cold war w/ Iran. We shd certainly do all in our power to avoid a hot war. But will it be #WW3? I doubt it.
RT : RT Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. --CYRUS FARIVAR
Toss my salad
haha. Think thrice.
CONGRATS!!!! RT : Hello? Is my life real right now?
if u find it for 500 that's a great deal!!! Make sure it's the t3i and not the t3
to answer your question, no we don't wanna hear it.
Signs you might need iron? Pale skin, brittle or grooved nails, hair loss, irritability, weakness, anemia and those with digestive problems
Don't act sketchy to a real woman. We'll call that shit out on the spot and light your ass up
taper jean girl with a muhnannannn haze
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Announces First Quarter Financial and Operating Results
...could use the matching shorts and socks!! If not, I'll go with black.
95% are either failing or falling short. What are the 5% doing that the 95% are not?
that was good, i'm really hoping for a tour with you both, you're amazing mr.west and miley.
So the Big 12 has 10 schools, and the Big 10 has 12 schools? hm...
I'll follow the rest of you guys tomorrow when I get back on the computer. :)
Lol has plans everyday(:
#LongIslandMedium why must I always cry when I watch you?!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles - Friends With Benefits .
Hi Sis, yeah unfortunately we lost another one today. May she rest peacefully and live on in her music forever. Peace
Night, Troy.
“: Who playing in the Nba tonight.. Shit boring..”<-------
Motivate - For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
Like. RT : I freeze my H2O w/ #nuun the night b4 so my drink will stay cold the entire run.
Just dropped me off >.<
hey. I'm tryin to eat dinner and you guys put the dummy w the dolls on
We had a really fun time at The Chance tonight. Hope you did too! Thanks to all those who came out and supported at our second show ever!
and a good morning to you.
Whats news brother ?
Yay! MT Congrats You got it! Clamobile is the answer!
congrats you two!! May God bless you two in your marriage
no way!
Go follow :D K?
It had to be you...
I should start carrying around pieces of paper that say "Follow Me! @ and give them to random people.
Wow! Amazing. What will you bring? We need a pic of your suitcase!
the SF buses border on wild animal transit. Literally.
#Browns net from #NFLdraft trade with #Falcons: Phil Taylor, Greg Little, Owen Marecic, Brandon Weeden, plus Trent Richardson tradeup.
you better hope the #brewcrew doesn't get Pavano. Might not bode too well for your scrubbies
and wait, will i see u at all??
Watching #georgetown v #ncstate at the Dubliner
Yes!! RT “: I'll defer to ... non-Bo critics. when Berggren can't check in, then play goes awry, don't you call TO? Get him in?
Oh my god Colton stop. Oh and everyone needs to watch Ave's new video.
Broke both arms about a month ago. difficult to type...hope to be back in a few weeks
Morning Twitter
Let's Sing It Together :D
My Soul Sings!
It is such a nice day out, and I am sitting at my computer :)
Reza, Karegar St. is the Western side of Tehran U. That's why the students have convened there.
There are no traffic jams when you go the extra mile. ~Attributed to both Zig Ziglar and Dr. Kenneth McFarland
Rushers Live For The Rush ♥
That's pretty pathetic!
After breaking up with someone that loves their cat, the best way to hurt their feelings is by saying "P.S. Your cat is ugly."
porfis follow me back
changed again.... >_<
I am pretty sure I have retweeted that same quote that I just retweeted so many times, but it's so true
Glad I picked Norfolk St on my bracket. See I just fill it out as I go.
Mind you, I'm awake with only 3 hours of sleep!
um, idk haha. I don't remember him saying anything about it!
Cool, so you are in the UK.
Cool, thanks! Us too.
I hate country but listening to my friends sing it, makes me enjoy it a little more.
G-" I saw u on Friday and that's a nice surprise! I love your necklace b/c it looks like gobstoppers! I <3 candy necklaces." xo
alright , no doubt
I don't know why anyone would mess with Ashley Judd. She's smarter than most & she can have Wynonna kick your ass
I'm plunging into the twittersphere...finally
Thanks to god
His got in about to SIP on some desarano. And hypnoic wit my girl .....
They need to get Jason Bourne to take him out RT Chris Webb must be stopped now.
all night then mhmmm
I feel neglected too. Boo :(
Congrats to Harrisburg and Toledo for allowing special needs student to hit the shot of his life! We're running the story at 6!
Guys in taco bell tryin to h0lla
Senior Software Developer C++, Java, ActionScript FTE opportunity.
Im Insecure, i know what for, im not turnin heads when i walk through the door. I know i'm not beautiful.
Happy Mothers day! Love you and miss you ma!
how did i do this despicable action with the chevy volt?
What year's the 350Z?
Is there a way for me to join more than one walk now that it is less than a week away?
RT : RT : Q1: Have you found a job lead through in person OR online networking?
Sand castle is gonna be my spot for the summer >>>>
Happy Cinco de Mayo :)
I need some coffee....
I've been watching #Grizzlies #Clippers for at least two minutes and have not seen a Blake Griffin dunk.
I’m hearing the hate but I’m not seeing the hate. You…Oh my God! Did you Botox your face into an expressionless mask?
*sigh yeah!
Why am i stuck on the same nigga , wen I can have better by the next nigga .
Who doesn't love PANCAKES?!
I won't lie. I've snuggled with 's sweatshirts before to help me sleep. DAT AROMA.
Get off FaceTime! Who works on their day off? We have a plane to catch!
We're getting this question a lot, of course. So we r going to lay out the process clearer for folks to see online. stay tuned.
Salsa and tanning my inner spicyness is comin out i wish i could escape to someplace tropical
One of the most epic collapses in Buckeye history
