#ESPN is discussing who the top 5 Heisman candidates are this season... and #KellenMoore is not on their list. CRAZY.
I know I'm late on this but...Lowe and Whitford back in TV government again??? I've died and gone to heaven.
glad you like it!
hey where the bud at
Wow fight was exciting, especially the 4th-round KO by "The best offense is a good defense".
can't complain with our pick, he better not be the second coming of Dan buzuin
Well today turned out to be boring...really wanted to go to Mardi Glow ):
You must be able to forgive people their mistakes, because once you make a mistake myself ...
Bert Smith BMW in St. Pete, you are about to change my life. I wonder if it will be for the better.
Glad to hear (well, read) that we're helping you stickK to your healthy eating goal. Keep at it and remember to report on time!
we would luv to send you our tasty biscuits....how???
Why would Obama calls for halt to Texas execution Mexican was convicted of raping, killing San Anton…
Looks like just P/C high 74, not bad.
how can i sign up artists to perform music made for otakon? do i have to submit? are you all accepting submissions?
You're welcome! Our team had a ton of fun yesterday! Thanks for inviting us to be part of it :)
lol, lol, am out of dough :) will you take a sightly chewed up pulltoy?
he's not dating Sarah lol. She lives in Nebraska anyway doesn't she.?
I would, but I'm kinda mad at you for that RT. My eyes are still burning! ;-)
For Carter Maness The first-degree murder trial of rapper Lil Boosie, aka Torence Hatch, is now in its third day of hear
Colleagues with other job functions take a week or two to respond to the simplest thing, but writers are like autoresponders
i love sublime
Strange, moody bursts of dark clouds ruptured by bright sun, over the #HudsonRiver. Has anyone seen a rainbow?
PS! got your vmail just now (delinquent day) and I would love to come be your poet - re: timing call me whenev! So flattered.
Belated #FF as I recover from #AWP Conference partying and at a new scribe in the Tweet Forest, fab. screenwriter
whats up twitter.
keep your head up bro you will always be our brother
For reference, not me, so send your slacker remarks where directed!
who wears brands like affliction, ROAR, and miss me???
hey Andrew, mind follow me back? It would mean so much (:
have you tried the calendar - love it, for family scheduling, meal planning, lists etc.
Woo CONGRATS CAPS! Playoffs!!!
Omg and RDJ together in a commercial! That's geeky hot!!!!
beat :D lol
what time
Work almost done
Excited to start reading The No Excuses Rule by Really can't wait to meet him in Indy when I work !
When I was in high school Baron Davis was one of the coldest players in the league.
Who likes contests? Come in and rent a newly renovated unit and get a chance to win Cubs tickets.
bagels??? uhm i think yes!
Lol true, true! I will give them that :)
God Is Good All The Time
Walking past the Ritz on my way to Water Tower Place is probably the most depressing thing of my life ever
as always thank you 4 #ff..have a great weekend
just opened your present we know you just want her baby to dress like Chuck Bass ;) XOXO
I can't believe how fast this weekend went! At least I was productive today. Still a little time left to enjoy the beautiful weather.
Can anyone get on Diablo right now?
Ron Artest gotta be feeling pretty STUPID right now!!!!!
poor paris jackson. very sad watching that. brewer game tonight with the girls, but first i gotta get me a copy of ATL's Nothing Personal
Omg koko stop don't touch me moe u gettin me guh its not funny
glad to hear
Just crossing into Alabama the beautiful! Movin' on down the highway!
Betancourt not being completely useless, yay! I thought for sure he'd pop out.
909 we're. The party at
its ho deaf people talk
I like both of you, I just can't choose...):
I wish. I have a class that night. Will there be another soon? Should we make our own?
Please welcome BIBLE_Psalms to the Max life
But then why not just read the script like usual? I don't mean to be a stick in the mud..... :-)
Ew. Some people just ugly ass fuck.
Bad shot. good result
Guess the goggles are working for d- wade, good lord,
or am i the only one who thinks april takes long? if im the only one ill feel stupid :/
I need to get seriously drunk. That is all.
Absolutely..how are you doing?
Srsly, , another fund drive coming??? I honestly think I would rather have commercials than 4 fund drives a year.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I Hate The Way I Feel Today Like Yer The Only One That Makes It Okay., Nd I Love The Way U Look At Me Like Im The Only One That U Can See <3
American Beauty theme just came on my Pandora. Feel like I ought to be crying over a plastic bag or lying nude in rose petals or something.
oh my gawd! Hahah. I miss this girl.
just DM me the details because im getting off the computer.
In Music Meeting We Are The Juggernaut” I think this is good, I just don’t know if the CD101 audience will agree, Tom doesn’t
thanku so much. That means alot :))) so glad we will stay in touch! Have a beautiful day
#wordscantexplain how much I love you. 💜 thanks love.
you never said you were sorry .
which Red? Bruce Willis; Brian Cox or Trois couleurs: Rouge?
HAHA I love this! RT : Let's get this trending!!!
Lyf is a tough game.
All your diction, dripping with disdain.
Thanks for the follow! would be a great follow for you :)
the stage for SPADE is getting lights tonight (I think). GETTING EXCITED!!!! SPADE is just around the corner
If Kobe so damn great...how come he let the lakers lose by 29??
takes such good care of me when I'm sick :)
I've sold more shirts on free advertising with twitter than I ever did on paid ads on google facebook reddit etc etc down the line
Alright everyone, please give some love and a follow. They bring you the best sports programming ever. I swear. Really. Swear.
Hope I make the right decisions
Give us a call on our office line at 858 222 8242. We are happy to help you out.
Today is National Golf Day! Celebrate by using your Clicgear Cart!
That is deep and very true. Thanks
Man it feels good to have a/c
Nice. Thanks lady!
Subscriptions are gonna drop like flies.
Follow me I'm on INSTAGRAM! Sstevenson503
ur really pretty
Thank you so much, it is an honor!
I can be your pot of gold Niall. Get it? It's my.. Last name.. No? Oh ok.
That's what scares me too; that the 2012 #NYC #summer will be one for the record books.
lol! i always found i could do whatever i wanted as a kid AND as an adult! ;)
oO i like that theme!
Why is the #ows guy on Lou Dobbs wearing "Polo" and "Burberry" brand clothing? Doesn't he hate rich people stuff?
A4: speak up about your accomplishments to others this is how you change perception.
Big ups to all the girls that don't wait for it to be Halloween to dress up like hoes
Don't u just love this TZ fake stuff! Masterfully done n b/w! Timeless. @
huh?? David Choi? Where did you guys see each other? That's random haha
#HappyBirthday to Judith Jamison of #AlvinAiley American Dance Theater (& NJPAC board member).
#FridayReads Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Police arrest two on meth charges - WAFF
Bruce L Edwards: Many apologetics is not a tract but a fairy tale, a cycle of poems, a symphony. It requires an improvisation.
That is excellent news! Sending many happy howls your way.
Happy Monday everyone! We hope you had a great week, tell us what you did this weekend to
Tate donating his time to Mira Mesa High School teaching the spread offense.
That's great! Looking forward to her coming to Atlanta in 2 weeks
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Why the F... is this line moving so slow!!
Stress threshold has reached the limit for the day. I should really just go lay down.
Wow, done... Breathe,.breathe... Smile, play music try and be happy
Hobart Brown~ Money doesnt always bring happiness. People with ten million dollars are no happier than people with nine million dollars.
New : not a fan. How to see >1p. of bkmks? Compress layout. This is what happens when visual design trumps usability.
I need a real nigga but I don't think I'll ever find one in Memphis or should I say America period
Working on getting the latest EVPs we did at Hawaiian Memorial Cemetary loaded for review. Caught 4 things that we can't quite make out.
dang guys look what i started lol
Pay attention to these #NASA folks, all sciencey & good-looking. We're cooking up some nerdy fun together!
How have you been enjoying the #sunshine today #Indy?
Yes, looks like the price is now around $200 for the Samsung Galaxy S II.
Real talk #ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people say "I love you" after a week...nigga yu don't love me...yur in LUST! #BigDifference”
I just sounded way cranky, sorry about that. Just realizing the parking nightmare that'll be happening...
The Weed im smoking Only the trees can pronounce
Boys to men music video shoot went great
Congratulations to the winners of tonight's #indiesoapawards! With special thanks to and all those live-tweeters.
I need to move to beaver..and get a stoop
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I'm well wzup
The feeling you get when you find out the hottest girl you know like the ugliest guy you know. AND he's got 6 kids from 5 different mothers.
Someone txt me
Gong to see tonight at Main Room 10pm. Make me laugh "funny" man!!
who ? Mmhhh text me
Nashville trench lawyer menu. Motion to suppress a traffic stop on Franklin , Tn.
its official! your following all my friends but me :(
When You Become Famous Will You Remember Your First #angels ?
I am deff going to be there (:
nice display picture! :) it so awesome!!!
huh hello
yes you do
You can't blame me for what happened to you. -.- I didn't know Derek was gonna hurt you!!
There's so many fat people in the gym today. I feel great.
And this!! That's quadruple the gang bangers! RT : The NFL got it right by getting the hell out of there
hey this is you right CountryGirl:)
i am about 2 get on ovoo wit my friends:))
Not always. Sometimes people lose sight of them and they just get drunk under the bridge.
The Raven's just lost a heartbreaker! I hope the kicker is calling a taxi, I wouldn't get on that team bus.
If only serena knew
watched The Fighter last night and can't seem to shake my already-strong accent...or my thirst for street fighting.
"Men don't follow women, women follow men" -
Today is a very special day, as we say goodbye to our longest tenured Theatre Genius, Molly. better treat her right.
I really need to start noting who knows me only as Santiago.
hey, what's wrong?
Wait. Help. Is that Rory Gilmore having sex with Pete on #MadMen?!?
Hey Tweeters! I wish U all a Wonderful Day!
#10Thingsthatiike No problems
My Aunt reminded me that there is an order....
I had the best dreamm last night/this morning holy shit haven't had a good af dream in a while 💓😊
Sharing the bar with Woody Harrelson. Just 'nother Saturday night.
something has to make ATMs...
Tell me why that was really akward ?
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine
The search goes on for a mother, her 11-year-old son and a family friend missing since last week. New developments today at noon on 10TV..
Bleh. *pout, sulk*
Hello, #TDLP class is tomorrow at 2 ET. Is it posted incorrectly somewhere?
Yep. RT : Is it just me, or did the Dwyane Wade battling injuries narrative just kind of appear out of thin air?
It's like you were in meetings with us :-P
Rihanna hospitalized for "exhaustion". A nap would do the trick, no?
#BestPickUpLines "Equivalent exchange. I'LL GIVE YOU HAVE MY LIFE... SO GIVE ME HALF OF YOURS!"
@ lol good. Cause Heather and I don't want too many people to sign up :p
Holy crap! Just realized we are leaving for NYC tomorrow afternoon and I haven't packed SH**! And yes, Owen is coming with us. :)
forever. WARD!
I'm more concerned about Blanton Eating Oswalt : What if Blanton approaches Oswalt about his socks: "There can be only one..."
Set up an account on #pbxes.org for using #Sipdroid softphone with multiple inbound and outbound providers. Seems to work great.
Retrain Tip: Did you know that water exercises are the opposite? Meaning bicep curl in H2O really works tricep and so on.
Rainy day at the office on K Street. Playing around with making it more fun.
hey there! I'm helping with his Twitter rev-up :-) how are you?
Hey Jacky! Thank you so Much for Supporting !!! Lots of Love to you!!
Fuck Marion police for pullin me over but oh well no ticket woohoo!!
Maybe you should eat makeup, so you can be pretty on the inside
#terps lax! Amazing! Awesome!
Just found a red ant on my BED. Not liking this one bit.
well thank you!
We'll never get tired of watching the sunset on the beach...
I'm jealous of everyone doing anything fun. I'm bored, so I'll clean.
I have no idea :( this suckss! Your coming out to Cali then!
Lift heavy weights with me..
Design your weightlifting program by how your body moves, not by what your friends tell you!
Time for coffee with the Murphy Chamber of Commerce.
Just about to start a training with the dedicated NWA () Board Members!
hey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! um random tweet to lillia i get down lazy o.O wat! who turn the lights on oh snaps
I love YOU! :P
that nigga off his ray charles😱😱😱
Where's the Hamilton HR tweet by ? She is a little late to the party.
MY NEW SONG IS OUT CHECK OUT PPL
Wouldn't you love when your plan came together? That is if you had a plan? Coach Terry
My summer just started off bad. /: My dog died. #RIPMaxie Please??
Mar 25, 1942: Dalton reported "good deal of anti-PM feeling in Tory Party but no answer as to who might replace him."
Next week, revisits a MKE st where placed a digital speed trailer. We'll tell u how your street can get one.
Better to be interesting than to follow these rules
So I just looked at my tire and there's a huge hole in it but the tire hasn't bursted. Wtf
Jus cause i may call u papii on occasion does not mean u #Boss i run this Bitch
My thesis is yet to be finished, but my blogging creativity is currently boundless!
My wife looks at the latest and greatest smartphones, Nokia N8 is her choice
I'm gonna throw 100 on Tuesday!
your in Your mom us haha
I'm on with at 4:35 talking about the new fines for property owners who change "potentially historic" properties
ha my nigga clue posting about my local team news today thanks clue come down to the nati one day maybe when fab come back here
totally cool.
ops. my own post went into moderation. how silly. posted now.
Wow, near 90f in Philly on Monday.
Tomorrow is my last real day in high school.
Tthanks for the mention!
Follow my other account
what should my new twitter name be?
Thank you frol following me  your followed.. xx Have you heard of " Austin Mahone "  ?
#Byatt, Ragnarok The End of the Gods. I expected to love this retelling, but didn't. I like more storytelling & less archetype in my myths.
HEEEYY!!! i love you soo much :D i hope u guys are having fun! please follow me :) it would mean soo much to me
...Lucky! Im excited, see you tomorrow :)
Oops, I think I owe some apologies. I just read a little more and learned Boxing Day is not the day you punch people who gave you bad gifts.
Having a good time reading it right now. Was totally buying it for a bit, too, til I got to the Myanmar-made record players.
the extras are fantastic IMHO. The commentary is very insightful and there's a nice peek into the collection of
Deliberations continue today in bad cop Anthony Arevalos case.
My blunder RT Open the SHUT THE FUCK UP Gate, you apple cinnamon dick hermit
thats wassup!! Same here, working, school and getting my GTL on lol..bout the big day, yea things r falling into place! 4mons!
Guelph researcher launches website to support people who self-injure
Looking forward to seeing you as well, and all our colleagues in
I succumbed and downloaded #drawsomething. But I'm still holding out on Pinterest for the moment.
Who's r u talking about niece? RT She Sure Know's How To Put Someone Down!!!
Living: ☑ YOUNG ☑ WILD ☑ FREE.
Working too hard today, gonna eat some blueberry cheesecake pie for a while.
q4 indeed, just like a phone number. #libchat it's cool to know how the numbers work, but only occasionally useful (for a patron)
24 more days of school....
ok do it
Come see us tonight Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
Whats going on with the Yankees this season! There not steady with the wins!! =_=
Job:Linux Kernel Developers with Bluetooth, code optimization, drivers, ARM JTAG, Android
College Football Prediction Early Game: Michigan @ Iowa; Michigan -4 and the Over +58
oh wow, I feel for ya man. You'll get through it,just keep on being strong :-)
I hate my windshield wipers. On a better note... Paying bills is so much fun. Yayyy.-_-
What a sad day in football.
chris you will recover so how long r u out for get well soon buddy :)
Pink Hula Set Costume for Child
Oh you aint that type of girl? Well then shit you aint my type.
only I can judge me
Will Forte! Apparently a bluegrass fan, uhh, not really. Medley of James Ingram songs, that beloved bluegrass legend. Lol.
I'd be game for a society without clocks and currency. Two useless concepts.
Nope. I was in MPLS at an ad agency
If black suits are for funerals, sounds like they'd also be good for wearing to just about any date I go on.........
happy birthday oliver andrews #dontdrinkanddrive lol
wondering about the weather. One day freezing. Next day 67. Must be global warming in Atl.
Obama: Natural gas supply will last nearly 100 years and create 600K jobs in 10 years.
First draft of Cat o' Nine 3 is done. Let the editing begin!
hell yeah! we could blare blunt blowin for scott & cornell
Show this Friday at The Headhouse.
Sharing a bed with my cat and brother's puppy? Yes... This is a happiness I can handle.
aw, my brother &my dad were playing video games together <3
#fridayreads #LTReads finished Bossypants by Fey - a fun read! Started When Madeline was young by Hamilton - pretty good so far.
Our whole apartment and all of my clothes smell like maple syrup
The roller derby dude is wearing a fez. Fezzes are cool.
If you aren't a raging anti-Martin Sheen or anti-Catholic, "The Way" is a beautiful movie.
i feel like smoking, get my dick sucked, then go to bed.
Wow. Thanks for tipping me off to that Birdie Busch tune. Great!
Have you seen all the Twilights? I made it through 3/4 of the first one.
This vacation creator is in need of a vacation. #I got Jamaica on my mind.
Cuse is still worthy of a 1 seed. Fuck anyone who says anything else. Fuck anyone who thinks cuse isn't the second best team in the country
On a lighter note, My resolutions are starting off OK. I cleaned the house and made several to-do lists. Now...to get to the doing part.
I instinctively want to use it as soon as the leaves change. Some people slow-cook in the summer, but not this girl.
Oh, man. You said you'd be done by 2. You better be ready to go, tonight.
Screen readers are also incredibly expensive. JAWS costs $1000 for an INDIVIDUAL. It's like a blind tax!
Haha that's funny:p
Wow! I was expecting a cute dog with lovable Gordon nearby maybe???
Ha! I'd agree that Baltimoreans are tougher, except when it comes to walking briskly in high heels.
Do not try to get links from pages that list hundreds of off topic link partners
Last night was the most at Chop Suey. Thanks to all that came out.
315 entries in Webster's 1996 Dictionary were misspelled
Do the water taxis take bikes?
I was at the United v Wigan game on Boxing Day - what an amazing place Old Trafford was. Also saw an Arsenal and a Shef Utd game.
What? You don't like me what did I do?
That's great, Adam! RT : My goodness. Just checked the #insidethestory total, we've raised $2500 for in just two weeks!
Don't fuckin text my phone asking to see me wen all u want is a quick nut, I aint no Hoe and thats disrespectful, lose my number
I'm so happy I finally got to c my boo
Shiner 101 == Good stuff.
It's impossible to exercise to DMB. #worldssuckiestmusic :)
Too true, sadly. But should we abandon aspiring towards true balance, or does that play into the maximalists' hands?
To my opponent in the #BCBDleague: YOU'RE WELCOME. HEATH BELL SUCKS SO I'LL NEVER WIN ANY PITCHING CATEGORIES
Exhausted after a long convention day in Las Vegas. Another day tomorrow, hopefully more relaxing.
his management group is from Miami
I believe Adam Jones! They better resign you. I just bought tickets to 20 Os games for remainder of season
Just left the Floyd County Lincoln Day Dinner. I appreciate the warm reception and support from our hometown friends.
My twitter account has been compromised. Apologies if you received spam DM from me.
i pass
Glad you made it home okay! We, of course, were concerned. I'm sure it was all the standing. So good to meet you IRL!
Happy Birthday! Hope it's totally #Nicktastic! ;)
hahaha your messed up man....
Artist Wayne Wonder in the house - Linkage Awards. Boom
Madness ensues RT : Here comes Henry Rodriguez...
Shout out to Jack Fugiel ! Retiring Fri after great career at Weyerhaeuser; thanks for many great years working together!
congress needs to exercise care in making decisions to deploy! We can't afford these $trillion wars that sink the US into debt!
1more year too shine cuzzin , holla at me when u make it big my guy ☺lmao , ima knock fam
thats puerto rican juice (rum) no pun
haha thanks! yes LIAM <3 ;D
My public policy issue # 1- crack down on public urination in Hollywood.
If someone offers you 999 words for your picture, REJECT HIM! NOT WORTH IT!
for Sunday brunch. Bloody Mary bar and cartoons.
so uh did you ever post chapter 5
The Jonas/Deleasa family are in NYC for the E! Upfronts for their show
"this is funner than chucking rocks at a sign"
Good morning, MVPs.
just keep chiseling your talents! Leave the thank-yous for podiums and live broadcasts!
hahaha!! Probably!! You know any smart man is NOT going to shoot up just any electronic!
RT : My Prada progressives arrived via FedEx 5 minutes ago. Ordered online from Saved a bundle.
LOVE YOU!!!! with God you CAN stand and He will protect you. I pray that He'll heap blessings on you and your family!
I know!! Gotta see you soon!! R u in LA? " : amen girl! There is a big difference. & I miss you!"
@ the #HTACouncil biweekly meeting to discuss the progress of our projects in the #NYC Area
Stella Adler acting class 1 of the best. les stratsberg theatre(I believe that's how its SPELLED)
Church at pastor young's new house. :) but that means I can't be in drum corp today. :(
I used the last of the mozzarella from stuffed mushrooms as grilled cheese. Delicious.
Self-serve ads are now on Twitter which will allow event planners to tailor ads to the event.
What?! I passed 8000 tweets and I didnt even notice! -__-
Willard Wonka's Chinese Slave Labor Chocolate Factory
I'm going hard today!!!!
how do we communicate with young people about #privacy? libraries are looking for ways to engage them effectively
I made it through the wilderness, somehow I made it through, dint know how lost I was 'till I found you...
what's your weather prediction for tailgating at Lucas Oil Stadium for the IU vs. BSU game this weekend?
Used Book Sale, open now in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library.
I want pancakes.
on ABC Nightline. 7 songs on the charts
where'd you get the cool tweet up badge?
The week before #xmas is always busy. I think families start thinking of each other and want to rush and finalize. We never take xmas off.
A lovely riesling, eh? It's a great day for that! I'm in the office working so that I can focus on rehearsals starting Tuesday
You have a great day. I love your name!
yea it's okay. I feel like we never talk anymore
oh yeah there was that. :( But its my daughters birthday and I get to enjoy daddy-daughter dance class tonight with them.
RT : Friday the 13th <<Today must be you birthday?? 4/13/2012 <<<----- ???? Um...scratching my head!!
they are similar in sound and also very catchy, listen to "Young Blood" by them when you try em out. Might even recognize it
Don't tell your mom but you're funnier than she is.
I'll give u a call tomo
She should take me! I'm so good at it. You've seen me in action.
Flattered. Just saw this now, thanks! RT Is this my first time seeing ? Oh my!
Bored Outta My Mind while everyone else has fun! Hate being a YOUNG one ina house of oldies.
coolin What's up?
New jersey mañana . I can't wait to see the Chicago Bulls put a beat down on the NJ Nets.
is it really that good? Never had it, tried to go there one nite and it was packed
Yes we do, indeed!!!
Trade sent to Clara in NH!
RT : A2 Think swiftly+strategically. Draw parallels between clients branding, their business objectives+strategy.
I gotcha my peoples u know I support u I wouldn't buy it bootleg lbvs
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn�t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
1) Friend Request (0) Mutual Friends how the hell did you find me?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Cool ! Let's catch up for happy hour sometime.
Ok who would u wanna see in a chic on chic battle with Batwoman?
can't even concentrate smh...
is rachel blanchard the poormans heather graham?
So ready for this weekend with the girls in Wilmington, yall just don't know!!
*yawn* woke up to write this paper. im hungry now smh
OVER 30s got them skills for sure.. loving Mr Bell and MR Krajcik tonight..
Hey We have great selection of Inov8's at our store. annd we might be able to give a deal to your box. I'll get back to ya!
we have some covers but we arent allowed to post themsince we do not own the copyright to them but if you wanna hear them then check us...
On a cooler note, watched McCabe & Mrs. Miller for the first time. And boy do I get Warren Beatty now.
let's hit up a hipster bar this week #LA is always crackin
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
heading to funny class.
This has to be longest week ever
- true to the spirit of the post, it's better read AFTER the unconference :)
y y y yes
yea that's the one we're in.
yeah i was like 'well i GUESS thats my lubna' lol
At work about to get it in..loveing life...
Man, I could RETWEET the hell outta my #SpursNation right now! mad love!
Argh. 9th Circuit stays enforcement of Prop 8 ruling until court rules on appeal; hearing set for Dec. 6.
Having been in the south when it happened, I did assume it was a message from one or the other.
thanks! :-) Feel free to send promos to . Cheers! -CK
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Tootsies in Miami baby!!!
Getting ready to watch the debate. Bring on the promises.
show an ol frail bitch some love...fucks with me childs....
I thought you were taken by bruno mars? lol
Never let anoyone stop u from believing if u have a dream just go for it I know I am haters equal motivation follow me
Somehow I tolerate being cut off in traffic when given a signal
2 more days to go on my "Read the Bible in 90 Days". I'm feeling a Celebration coming on-Its like Graduation. Next time I'll read NLT
haha thanks! We have to get together in the next couple weeks
Happy Friday! Enjoying the snow?
she wasn't that horrible.
Best practices and successes will be highlighted at ESA leadership summit; starts tonite. Watch
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers. He caught me checking in on...
nah that was after the SuperDeluxe phase which was c1997-1998. We had to have had Merc overlap!
I want a iPad.
"Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results."
Thanks for following ;) Go Aztecs! Lol
Blackberry Double Chocolate brownies! Try my new Louisiana Hot Links today.
NYC Mother Arrested After Abandoning Her Young Daughters on the Side of the Road in Brooklyn with Just Diapers -
yo're beautiful 2day , i dont even cant speak ;)
No worries and if have any questions or concerns let me know. We are actually in Amsterdam right now at an apt from there. :)
It's ok! I went to jitters!!
(note: previous tweet is total nonsequitur to anything preceding it.)
Online shopping is the death of my bank account.
foot skin is delicate! soak your feet in a bowl of slightly hot water to soften the tough dead skin. Then file!
Had a great headshot session with yesterday. She knows a lot about food!
All good in LoveSac Nation. Nothing better than chiilin in a LoveSac on a day off. LoveSac Scottsdale Fashion Square
I miss Oklahoma. in one week down there it convinced me again OU is a special place
"May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the steadfastness of Christ." 2 Thess. 3:5
Gotta get through this week, then next week is a Short week then I'll be HOME! woo!
Oh... Sorry, bruh. Tell doc to be gentle. LOL.
In a room full of fabulous women. Attending leading women defined conference sponsored by the fabulous Debra Lee - Chair of BET.
That was a facemask..
hahahahaha dont let it go to your head ;P
not putting enough sentences in this annotated bibliography BC YOLO
On these raw papers fa tha frist time they kool kool did the job
you suck.
Ebay , why did I stop using you. You have provided me with a phonograph horn. I will never forget you from this moment on out.
It's bitter irony, moments after posting a picture with a quote from Doctor Who on the importance of books, I forgot how to spell thankful.
sounds good to me!
our kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
my favorite
Sure! We'll send you the invite info when it goes out!
that respect my grind goin to be epic wats gud im talking video and all
In my project team's room there's a baseball bat labeled "Computer Repair Kit"
Team to whoop on the cubs!
iPad can now be personal hotspot if supported by carrier. 4G LTE iPads are carrier specific; 3G World Ready, however.
Kim Kardashian will you marry me?
We strongly suggest you get your ass to tonight for 's 'Perspective' Album Release Party! Let's celebrate.
I know that it isn't any of my business but why don't u take the argument to DM? So that we can't read the convo
!! RT : Tween: Does having PMS make you want to strangle men? Me: Yes. Her: I definitely have that. Me: Eat chocolate
Please email
So thankful that no students were hurt in the accident involving a school bus in Red Bank today. All caused by a drunk driver.
sounds like u are making an assumption about him. dudes with feminine ways are not always gay/masc dudes are not alwaysstraight
Open house today, from 1-4PM, 1101 N. Lowell St., Santa Ana, CA 92703
“: 17 days til Florida with #cantwait” I CAN'T WAIT EITHER BABE<33 i love you <3
Diffusion Volume IV seeking relevant advertisers (this is what keeps us printing). Please contact me for details:
Aw, gee, thanks. You mean there's no closing night dance party there this year?
thanks! Let me know if you ever need help. That's our job :)
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to put it, and I can lift the world. - Archimedes
If you laughin bout what these indie rappers lyin bout RT
Dinnertime. Yummy.
Sudden urge to cook all the pasta I have and subsist on that until my next grocery shopping trip
NBA League Pass free preview until Jan 8th...
thank you.. I'm glad my faith in God has made you a stronger believer. :)
Does not like getting out of bed before 8!!!!
The year is dead! Long live the year!
My cat loves being serenaded, and I love serenading the cat.
Food Truck Stops: October 12
Congratulations to mark mcmorris and Bobby brown!!!
Sweet, #filive looks awesome! Enjoy!
Smdh she was just outta pocket and didn't even know it
Autumn was here (:
Congrats to our girl for landing a supporting cast role in a new scfi film, she will also be filming w/ this week
Performance reviews, done. Pile of student papers needing response . . . workin' on it. Housecleaning--not even close.
REASON is mankind's greatest and most tragic illusion. - Carl Jung
Thanks to all who were at our Town Hall last night. There was lots of good input for our Board of Directors.
I'm just speaking truth lol
On the hunt for Junior Software Sales peeps in ATX. Contact me for details.
"A leopard never sheds its stripes." This is why I watch.
I can tell you now. My advice is have more!!
Enjoying coffee, delicious baked good and smart company at
I can't believe they gave him a human one!
How do you know the meeting is happening? Do you know when?
Follow me please!! And thank you! <3
Just saw the Gecko ventriloquist commercial at what I thought was the in Downer's Grove is that true Tivoli?
Still fighting that paper jam, eh?
Time to get pretty! 😉👙RT : Idk where to even begin swim suit shopping... It always gives me a headache
Im following :)
the guy nxt door said u heard the nike air yeezy 2 is very limited folks R camping out i said OH kanye should make his albumS limited 2 smh.
Happy Friday!! Big beer weekend coming up. Who's hitting up or Slow Beer by ? The Cater2.me team is psyched!
I'm open this afternoon if you want to meet on the PSL- 3:30?
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Suicide Museum (okay I'm done)
Waiting for StudyNY to start. Craving breakfast just googled "breakfast all day new York."
today's haiku snowflake in my eye what is wrong with this picture missing summer sun
there should be an ISO standard for a blank page that doesn't require the sullying of the same.
Can do! I bet we could even work in a quarter or half page ad space in our event program. You need to get a FB Fan Page!
Can't wait to get my whip out the paint shop 24 / 7 glazin
I'm really hate the Boston weather right now
"Compassion has no limit. Kindness has no enemy."
Woohoo! Have you had a chance to visit us yet?
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. ~ Albert Einstein
Wooooohoooo! I will be there if I don't die in Santorum. RT: "Tuesday im doing standup in NYC!!"
Stir Crazy? We are open! (And we are also delivering lunch and dinner!)
When is honda
Do you want an Apple TV? I still don't really get it. I like my Roku.
pool closed-broken pump. they get to run instead only 24 days until tri for them and 23 days for me
Skillcenter expected to be a useful tool for #entrepreneurship content & social networking for
Happy Saturday
And nonchalantly place the Oscar in Rooney's purse..
Looking forward to seeing everyone today at the Festival of Masks and Leimert Park Art Walk! Take pictures and post them on our page!
Not enough time in the day... Sorry twitter...
I'll look forward to congratulating you in person on the Marquette gig, Gerry!
It is scary at first but it gets easier once you get your first game out. The beginning is the most thrilling period, enjoy!
Dude you are BRILLIANT!!!! When does next season begins? Are they filmming? Writing????
Guy who loves maylene and taylor swift=new boyfriend
So, who's making it out to the Flashmob tonight?
my liver hates me
At next Monday's (11/21) San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup, will be discussing online reputation management...
i folowed you plz follow back i only watch #Victorious to see u your cool plz follow back & ur voice is a special gift :)
Set up a new phone plan, now to get the new cell phone to do what I want.
Go back to what caused it. Go back 2 roots of it, emotion & objective Do not repeat yourself, variations will come out, don't try to copy it
My #art book from the Embassy of #Brazil arrived this week. Looking forward to having something new and interesting on the coffee table.
None! I just love them. Figure ill get one when i tour
What's the benefit of electric steering over hydraulic steering for the new ... - Chicago Tribune
#GoSpursGo lose their second home game of season to a determined Bulls team led by their All-Stars, especially D-Rose who was unstoppable.
Will everyone be wearing green t shirts similar to what they do in Miami with the white shirts?
RT : Tudor/Stuart phrase of the day - "I lost time a little with her," i.e., dallied or flirted w/ her. Samuel Pepys.
Off to IYG .
looking for new agents? any good ones out there?
#milwaukee I should tweet about work but. GO PACK GO. Should be a great game from both teams! :)
Bitch I love you!! <3
#ItsTimeThatYouRealize How #b.a.p Is really Doing hard and They are Now POPULAR <3
First night off in a while. Decided to do it right ... BED!!!!!!
FOOT LOCKER FLOW
Mkayyy. Weirdest conversation ever!
Hoping to go to #EPIC tonight !
"we are growing closer as a band"
Thanks for making the game today Ashley!
Had a great dinner with friends at the Mineshaft in Hartford, WI last night. Wow, that place is huge!
Met a guy who sells homemade honey yet he's seen his #colony #collapse by thousands of bees. The cause unknown, but pesticides in the mix.
#3WordsForYou suck that bitch
Done testing for now....trying to focus, excited to see my little boy and my wife after her class tonight! Wished tea party was another time
hehe love you!💋
Clean Start Cleanse: $68 intensive, deep colon cleansing. Removes buildup that nothing else can touch! My favorite! In wild berry
I use to go there b4 I left for the army!
From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut. From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the jerk.
The Jamestown Foundation: The Legacy of Soviet Nuclear Industry ...
yaya and really?!?!? but what jailbreak thingy did u use???
Sunday looks like the better day at Lolla. JCole and Childish Gambino. Im on that as well.
I want to be famous, airbrushed, and dumb. o_O Many teen girls now.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you must dare to jump ;) x
Prep Kitchen for in Ragazzi on the street, Marco LiMandri on his phone...Where's w/her dog?
#siblings print boarding passes for free in
Timbers Army Team (Ballistic 103) signed up for: Summer Co-Ed Kickball at King School Park Saturdays.
Excited to have here tonight !! So interesting to hear how foursquare first started..
It's my child, with my babyfather -- why do I feel like I have to please my family with my decisions with 'em?
Well, the guy wouldn't shake his hand. He kept trying, and things got ugly. It wasn't routine unfriendliness.
What a wonderful night. Played The Bluebird with CONNOR RAND and Wes McDonough.. best round I've ever played.
If you win, say, Wimbledon...do you keep the trophy? Or do they reuse the same one?
author, book lover, online personality, and great friend of the Uni. Couldn't ask for a better tour-mate in the months ahead.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CLUB MIAMI BALLROOM!! DEBUT TONIGHT!!! GONNA BE FUN!!
in about 15 minutes they're playing it again for anyone who missed it. 9:35 in Miami.(:
Hey Jay, we were scheduled to record on Tuesday but I had to cancel...something came up. Should be recording early next week.
Great, Shanny steps in for two seconds and is already ruining the game. Him and Crosby should team up to ban hitting altogether
Had a nice time at Spaulding/Grand today; also had a couple run-ins with neighborhood hoes, and some sweet robins, sparrows, and rabbits.
it is for my internship, I am working on a political campaign for one of the candidates running for Governor of Michigan.
I should remember to stand up straight all the time.
Why do wizards measure their wands in inches, when they live in England?
I don't know why, but the Anglo-Saxon era of English history bores me to tears. You wouldn't think so, what with Vikings and whatnot
Successful people operate in two modes: professional and relaxed
lmao trust me i would be
In tenth chapter of new novel...Getting excited about it.
Get ready... Next week we'll be featuring resources for #startups! If you want in on the action, tag your notebook #startups & stay tuned!
Excellent news! When? When?
Somehow I think this is an earth day violation. SMH
Harry Potter, the boy who lived. Come to die.
I'm down
This Girl Can NOT Sing
"Now how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing" - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Orientation was incredible! Thanks for such an awesome weekend! Go Trojans!!
I love back-to-back homers.
Yes, I am working! Writing on a new song.
As we grow older we don't loose friends, we just learn who and what real friends are!
so jealous! Glad you got to share that with them though :)
Thanks for RT.Just entered the Prep Cycle for the A'stan deployment.Intense physical trng and lots of weapons trng. Language trng.
So this is #howitssupposedtobe.....#amazing <3
RT : Friends don't let friends use MySpace. **Haha, easier said that done :)
Good to know. I am well over due on a NYC visit.
thanks for the help!
I'm glad its Friday bring on the weekend. Cause today and next week is all about games nothing else
Breakfast.Citrus Punch. & Franklin !
"Anything to drink?" Yes, everything!
I think Lady Gaga puts glue on herself and rolls around in random items.
We didn't win the car in Saturday's voting but WOW! Thank you for all the votes and great support! We love our community!
she spelt my name wrong
How's everyone's Friday going? Subway cookies make any day better!
RIP Patrice O'Neal. You were one of the funniest people I've ever seen and heaven just got a lot funnier I'm sure.
Stop making decisions off emotion an use ur head.
Bill Murray is the man I love him
So I walk across the entire building & parking garage, take two elevators to get to my car & realize...I forgot my damn keys.
Watching people genuinely thank each other is amazing. rt << agree.
thank u
Need to get ready to go to 's chorale concert but... kittens! Can't stop watching the kitten live feed. They might do something cute
oh gross. Emma got some weird virus wi/ fever lasting 14 days. Then 5 days later got strep. Finally well. Your kids better?
so funny freaks ppl out I guess. "Oh" is such an open response.
Behind every beautiful girl there is a dumb guy who did her wrong and made her strong.
might try to hit the beach up tomorrow
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight.....at THE FLY!!!
Wassup! What's going on? RT : hey u!
I need to met
That's not a cloud. It's a dust storm!
Thats the gas station from hell -Marge
Good analogy between scholarship & movie industry: there are awards for specific contributions & roles in movie creation
Don't have my size. A UK 10, unfortunately.
I'm on a country kick.
you like me (;
Someones #Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with....
Next Friday we'll have our first Summer Sports Series with Volleyball, BBQ, and beer. Look forward to seeing y'all there!
i went to NEW YORK today, it was awsome especially TIME SQUARE
Keep on moving; don't stop like the hands of time
which would also be hilariously dumb but at least not as entirely predictable!
good choices Leif...haha
Hmm... I don't know about that.
...but it makes us look low class & plain. Would be a nice special occasion alt kit IMO but not a regular kit.
Absolutely without a doubt YES! RT Thinking about doing some live podcasts w/ an audience. Perhaps around the country. Thoughts?
all this talk about class warfare and whether or not its actually happening... we better start bringin it so there's no doubt
The intense feelings of pleasure and desire accompanying orgasm are mediated by the brain.
We Flipped our Lids with @ All Star Weekend and the new Inspiron R in L.A.
you got it!
actually, i feel really bad atm. i feel like i have this really strong obsession with 1D and i haven't even listened to atl in the last days
#warmmineralsprings now public property - sarasota county and city of northport seeking public input for future use of spring site.
A Very She & Him Christmas to start off the morning.
I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! I'm finally back to being online. Let me know how you're doing and let me know if u need anything!
Colombiana is a good movie:).
is there a twitter hashtag for the conference in July?
Kevin Durant is killing the parachute game right now. Do they not have run ways in OKC? They have to jump out of planes?
I'd stick w/ Johnson over Spiller. Buffalo has talked about limiting Spillers touches for some reason, while Johnson has new life
thanks for an fun wkd!
They cost $15 a pill. In my practice it's often the wife who wants the hubby to have a script.
Ah!!! Work tomorrow at new property.
so mean.
Note to the #GOP: Corporations are NOT people and people can NOT be run like corporations!
Great Convanta Energy article re: How Arlington & Alexandria can create private industry win-wins
One more final and then Exam Play casting is announced! So excited!
Football time with and !! Woo!
short people are awesome!!! they can bite your ankles and hide xD.
I just downloaded a shit load of new dubstep... Remind me to give it to you! Crazy new stuff!!!!
Nothing like two drunk grown men discussing the latest in entertainment this week
Its not hard at all Lol you just tag the persons twitter name. You can't post tweets to someones page dumbahh
So, we’ve decided we’re going to extend the photo contest till the end of the month. Get them in by July 1st to become our profile pic!
stop ur making me blush lol
Hey when will the women's line become available? I love assault and recon...just need clothes for track practice :)
gotta get a photo that twitter can download!! add to the list ... :)
My great aunt traveled, not easily, from Phill-NYC to c ur show. She's in a wheelchair & was made to sit far from the stage. BO!
If you tryin to stay warm fellas im sure it will be plenty of big girls to keep you warm lol
it was so much fun! We posted the video.
Usually it's the other way around...me persuading them!
Cape May's migratory houses
RT : As eco-pioneers in the toy industry, carries out many initiatives to ensure its Green ethos...
come to the bat cave
Watching the seattle seahanks
what happened with video? ;)
lookin kind of scarce!
yes they are awesome
ite lol im about to leave can yhu call me
no doubt!
Get your battered fish sammie with your choice of side for $8.95 all day!
People who get on my twitter and Facebook and write stuff I wouldn't say. So if theres a weird tweet it's probably not me
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
I'll probably just eat lots of burritos today and wait for tomorrow.
Watch WKOW tonight at 6 for an update from Coach Bielema at UW practice & a preview of Russell Wilson on "Gruden's QB Camp"
s'all good, guys! UND at home next week!!
Happy 40th anniversary to my lovely Sigma Kappa sisters!
I have now voted absentee for Tues' election. Can the robo calls please stop now?
Definitely looked like Byrd pulled the bat back. And it didn't look like the ball hit the bat at all. So...
If some employees were paid what they were worth, they'd owe the company money.
lol I would delete my shit if I didn't have so many connections on there..
Finished watching #21JumpStreet...I think is the man! Every movie I see him in he is awesome & he's pretty damn artistic too!
-- dave thanks, it has been -- I am resetting it -- hope no more of this!
But I ain't gonna follow her cause this could potentially be my career & I ain't tryna taint their view of me via twitter.
A windy, rainy night in the Burgh for Hockey! Its great to see crowds come for a game, but what it does to traffic downtown is never fun.
So excited to see Tony Robbin's at #oprahsnextchapter! Miss walking on fire @ UPW!
HAVE A GOOD DAY, NIALLER!
i doing great! Just listening to music :)
": Missing my bro lol sorry man be slave working. Gonna hit u today." Same here.. ok but i won't hold my breath!! Lol
Pay us a visit today and enjoy our #HappyHour from 5pm until 8pm! Ask for the specials! RT for your friends.
WEE will have a kids zone full of fun jumpers, face paniting, crafts, popcorn!!! All free!!!!!! Event free to the public
Been listening to all morning, and he hasn't said "may the fourth be with you." yet. I am disappoint, Carson.
Hearing his voice before sleeping > 💘 I love you <33
Feb. 3 hates rock 'n' roll. It took Buddy Holly, Richie Valens and the Big Bopper in '59, Sid Vicious in '79. Screw this day.
That's a con I wanna go to.
SHAPING OUR YOUTH" Fashion Show Intrest meeting will be held Sat Sept. 17,2011 For more info contact or
Studio Session @ Platinum Room Studio...
Can I ask you something did you kiss him or anything like that? !*)
Thanks! RT I loved your AR Cabinet of Curiosities!!
House to yourself, better not kick your bros out
twice tonight....but gotta put the best one from my Hoosiers "this team just looks different"
Thanks for the s/o and the
This new scribe has the craziest "a"s I've ever seen.
having server problems today?
Home in San Antonio and having dinner at The Barn Door!!! Perfect dinner, apart from a home cooked meal, before I head back to Lubbock.
hey you guys played awesome last night! was great to see. roll on the season my friend, should be exciting. Go Lions!
I CRIED WHEN it was the last rolo
Heading to a candidate forum in San Marcos. I wonder if I'll have the chance to mention how bad CISPA is!
nothing too new, but at the grackle (best ribs ever) and are great! Happy eating!
Join DJ Louie Marxx tonight on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Live In San Francisco - Overlooking The Bay!
hey just letting you know said chi town right not you :)
Selena n Justin R Done Dey r Not Jelena No More :/
Yyaaaaa!!! i'm back!!!! i'm back we did it we did it!!!
Morning Twitter. Let's get it all done so I can SWTOR all weekend!
that's brilliant. we definitely need more blue carts :)
Lunch at Trails Cafe?
H. Ross Perot~ If you see a snake just kill it. Dont appoint a committee on snakes.
We have time for tattoo consultations and piercings!!
da gud thing about twitter is dat u can tweet allday about nothin and ppl will think ur cool but really ur just some #asshole who talks alot
when people dont text me back. >>>> ya cause i just love that feeling.
#eisummit John Katzman: in 10 years colleges will not be involved in remediation. Agree or disagree?
I am not about to get in his case lol
A survey of Miamians say Ozzie Guillen should keep his job after his Fidel Castro comments, fake apology, decent apology. What do you think?
Need cool Apple tips check us out!!
RT-comforting arms/// Thanks!!
I last peed on another continent.
yes i did.
Damn ISS monday is not the move man.
Really hope I get that Hypercolor shirt for Christmas.
Big mistake. Huge.
I agree! He definitely should not be talking about anyones D!
lmao " why does he have on a jacket "
Following for measured frank words on research libraries, a post on RDF I want to read, and more.
Sometimes you just jar to dive into things head first
Work outside your comfort zone and watch your results grow!!
Do you know about America Recycles Day?? You should! www.Americarecyclesday.org
LET'S GO CARDS!
Your Colorado Kings lead 50-30 over the Shizuoka Gymrats....at the half.
its especially funny because I'm with her right now
That's what I said! I really don't get the hype.
BUT, you don't have to be a landlord ;-)
There is a belief that we actually know what we are looking for with #PTSD, #TBI. Not the case. Multifactorial problems.
Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv.. and so it begins
Earl Thomas
Watching the David Beckham underwear com recital and my 4 yo says "that looks like daddy " yeah sure son, that looks like daddy
Back in the cities from a mini vaca. Back to work...
Two cords of firewood delivered and stacked! Bring on the winter! =)
. Bipartisan Cafe is one of Portland's best places to work on that novel.
#opsrocks2012. Sign up and give it a try.
Providing an Extra 2%
Where'd you find it???
people say the MEANEST things to brands on Twitter. Sheesh! Try to keep it clean, tweeps. Someone has to read everything you're writing.
That yolo shit is getting annoying. You do somethint dont say yolo. We all fucking know we only live once.
did you happen to see the tigers win today? Amazing
i love them they are my fav:) i need to order some from you!!!!
Ramen Noodles <33 Sound delicious right now !
and keeping teams moving through and on time!!!
LMFAO Party Rock Anthem is the only song I've heard on the radio for the past two week. MAKE IT STOP
Letters on OpEd gave impression PR listeners not too keen on using their own money to support PR.
No #superbowl for me. I don't watch football and since all the commercials are on YouTube, no need to watch. Have fun fans!
People need some new flavor in their ear
And just because you call some people blind doesn't automatically give you vision ~ Jefferson Bethke
I've made it a habit that every morning as soon as I open my eyes I give thanks 4 the wonders in my life. This has changed me
RT : new contest up! Help get free healthcare for a year + win a prizepack including tix to
Can't wait till godsmack plays so I can sit down
hey! thanks for following! I'd love to tell you about my startup - more details later!
Also, Bo made clear he wanted to discuss these schools with Jarrod - that they weren't blocked as a final matter.
#uwbadgers move on to Saturday!
It's so wonderfully, intoxicatingly close to happy hour...
Watch all your favorite NFL Games here. Happy Hour all day long! $3 Draft Beers, 5 for $15 Bottle Buckets, $3 Tequila Shots...and good food!
Anyone wanna chill?
who wants to burn dan jockitch?
I don't think so... they may have released some information on execs to express their displeasure, but they didn't ransom it
In the mood to just sit down and talk to someone I can trust.
. now he's eating a giant bag of popcorn and not sharing a single kernel with Paul Allen.
LSU to me...": Anyone got a read on Musberger yet?"
Build your very own buyers list. You should learn as much information on them as possible.
So has been twittering for a year, despite being dead. Does that make twitter post-post-modern?
Be innovative with your copy, conventional with your layout. Great things to think about and implement regarding copy from
Who wants to line up at Miller Park and pick up my single game tix for me?
If Rizov and Sicinski dig it, that's hugely acclaimed in my book.
Ahh if only there were 30 hours in a day... lol
One of the worst days of my sister's life was when I got bigger than she.
Some of these A & Rs have no morals man.
GURRRL you love the sun!!!
Woot! The greenhouse is complete
There ya go! That's the spirit.
stupid people. it's impossible to avoid them, so i'll be forever disgruntled.lol.
About to watch musical cats! Not the Broadway musical "Cats." Actual cats who play music. Jealous meow?
that was random but thank you. I rode in a mini cooper today!
baseball's Matt Senk has done terrific job with Seawolves, who are a victory away from consecutive 40-win seasons.
Great fight training day with the guys at 87eleven for the new Jason Statham film "Parker" Leave for New Orleans Monday to kick his ass ;)
I always wonder how it can be freezing in a classroom then so warm in the hallway...?
almost time!
Where did all that wind come from? First, a ride. Now, Paris-Nice with a Hop Noir in hand.
RT if you have moves like jagger!!
We're just a bunch of quirky neighbors!
Definitely, I really missed you so much! xoxo My celebrity, Eric! RT : welcome back!!! Missed ya on Twitter ^^
alright Laura-keep the twitterlove feet going!!!
Yea .. Didn't have time to paint my nails ..
Just did a round of all TV theme songs. Harder that you may think. Geek Pub Quiz at SYP!
RT Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart. ~Pablo Casals
no ur not going to leave me please dnt i dmed u please dnt leave me
Yeah.... I'm not a babysitter. Sorry.
Make that when *people* don't run. Bless you, autocorrect.
we would like to send you the coupon code for the "Shout Out/Mention " promotion! Send us an email! (:
office hours; great conversations with local leaders who want to better the community. Thank you for the input!
Definitely not right. But you have faith and will be ok. You're the better player and man! Keep it up!
I know don't want none of this.
well get me some n maybe ill share :-)
you can express opinions without antagonizing people. The shoe fits, wear it.
"WHY DID I MARRY AN ITALIAN?!" soon on line in the meanwhile www.robertasparta.com ENJOY!
go to SOWA market tomorrow! Or stroll Newbury Street and eat at the MetBar. Walk public garden or take duck tour!
You're on a roll, sir.
Excited to watch my girl on NCIS tonight!
I've been called the songbird of my generation by people who've heard me.
hahah I finished all three of those books in 5 days. I have no life. Lol
did you wake up with your 'snowner' after having a 'white dream'?
Congratulations! RT : Lots of happy tears at OHSU's #MatchDay, congrats to our MD students! Where are you going?
Ravens Record for Sacks!!
that's quite a lens
beat on walk off Home Run by Hanley to set off the magnificent outfield display & send twitter in a frenzy
Wonder why I dont see "Briefs buy 4 get 2 free" like they have for panties...
Craving red velvet cupcakes
Are there people who really eat only 1 steak-umm at a time? I don't believe its possible.
I love all sporting events but the best memory: A Chicago Clubs Game on my 13th Birthday
Dallas should win tonight at home.
right, because life is fucking roses for everyone in the suburbs... immune to corruption and inflation here. seriously, research.
I bear no ill will towards that movie, just him. I hate his face so much.
“: And JaVale McGee just earned himself a long-term contract with the Denver Nuggets. Welcome to the club, kid.”
Excited for #factorcon closing event on the Queen Mary ship. Almost there!
Not having to go to school for most of the day cause of ag day
Happy Friday! Last night, our first preview, went amazing! It's all coming together! Come see us! www.kefproductions.com
Defeating a sandwich only makes it tastier.
I'm willing to wait forever for you if that's what it takes because seeing you hurt now just makes me want to make u happen in the future...
Let me tell you, the city bus is the great equalizer. Lady with no teeth, transsexual and crazy screaming guy all on my D4 bus.
Welcome to Milwaukee!
that just means your a pussy
State Department Revises J-1 Summer Work Travel Program in Attempt to Protect Participants.
and we're grateful for all of our listeners and readers. it's a public trust that we take seriously.
glad you had fun! Yay! Hoop!
Kentucky, MSU, Syracuse, and UNC. Which #1 seed titan did you predict to flop first?
i agree to bring him back!
CARSON. No! What happened to the correct quotation?!
Yeah... You're actually right. I haven't heard anything lately. What's up w/ that?
Im gonna to marry He sings like his life depends on it and I wud love 2 be surrounded by that dedication everyday of my life.
fuck man i sneeze fucken loud !
Q5 I like using email based scenarios with that provide response feedback post event for reinforcement
thank you sir! much appreciated!
Former coworker used to sollicit bag candy donations for students on the Lawn before 10/31. They get slammed by so many kids!
Neither is "Layer 16 copy"
Good morning! Have a great day! Find something good, it's always easy to find something bad.
Congratulations on this well-deserved opportunity.
woman arrives with three large messenger bags. Now i can't stop wondering how many cats are waiting for her at home.
I hate my English Teacher.
have you been bumpin that dude?
Join us tomorrow night at the Alberta St. Teahouse for a fantastic show with Michael Hurley + The Seaworthies! Info here:...
At a great event at CoMerge in downtown San Diego.
That's awesome! I'll track you down tomorrow.
I see bright things in Deathbeat Jam's future... =] #JustWait ;)
you would still be in bed too if you got home at 4am.
a couple friends of mine told me last night they're planning a trip to ca, and wanted to know if they could hang out with you lol
hope you had a great brunch!
Ray Rice and Maurice Jones-Drew are the NFL's only two RBs to rush for at least 1,200 yards in each of the past three seasons
you have been hooked up!
Everything gets hotter when the sun goes down.
what happened?
Am I the only one who feels bad for Pete?
Nothing like a neighbor that practices the organ and waking up on an overcast day to make life seem like one big silent movie.
Are you trying really hard? :-)
I just got home where you at
hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive! ;-) love ya all
Heck of a start to the all-star weekend for the pacers. made Indy proud last nite. Spotlight on tonight. Good luck.
RT : My night was perfect
you've got that one thing
Business in the front, party in the back, furtive nips from your flask of whiskey when your boss isn't looking in the middle
Get $ome GREEN HERE...
Really? Butchering La Costa, Via de la Valle.
given your family's proclivity for Ph.Ds, collecting everybody's could get expensive! ;)
"You betta take yo ass to tha sto' wit that." Watching Boyz In The Hood.
Owen is out at 17 and Brandon is out at 14.
I believe you mean la Ké$ha n'est pas?
Its always Sunny in Philadelphia...
I in a a little bind! Palmer or Rivers? Palmer has a better match up, but Rivers has played all year. What do you think?
Ok I'm going to do dat u got a number
STOMP in St Paul...then dinner and debauchery downtown MPLS with Rosita Mamacita!
It appears as though I've stopped for gas in Methville, PA. Yikes.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win
Q2) I'm more aware of knowledge silos than ever before.
En route to Washington state! See you soon
I'll bet you wish you had slept through Hangover 2, however!
check back in six months. This desk will be a jungle
You know you're dad's an aarp member when you go to dinner at 4.30.
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious. But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Two adults holding hands in the park? The whole thing seems pretty innocent to me.
hahaha. Well duh? Me and tyson are best friends. .... (; haha
Well then. I see what your priorities really are. Me and bobby will be leaving now. Remember jeffery is on the prowl!
sometimes, you really can't have it all.
The WV Sen. Banking & Insurance committee has voted down SB194, requiring insurance fairness. Sad day 4 youth in WV.
Happy Mother's Day to you Jenny! Thanks for raising a great young man like Tom & for sharing him with us
They're doing great actually.... must've called in the big guns from the Taj.
Check out the soulful sounds of
ever get them mixed up?
I think physical exhaustion is a better feeling than mental exhaustion.
I Can't Wait For The KissMas Bash At The Rave.Its Gonna Be So Dope Wit , & Kickin Incredible Dope Shit!
Even the tiniest gestures can have great meaning to the recipient.
not anger. Frustration. I'd respond in more depth, but it's that whole 140 character thing. if you wanna continue, email me.
Nominations for #Heroes with a Heart grants open today at 2 pm EST!
my first duty as a member of #BrickSquad is to borrow ten dollars ill get u back next week
after that episode I could use a beer.
For me it's partly a matter of $/enjoyment ($10 for 2+hrs or $3-4 for 15-20min) and partly a barrier to entry.
#SignsOfCheating Talk's less, Argumentative, Rarely want's to see you, Protect's his phone like his life depend's on it.
Victorian Halls will be hitting up a lot of the south with 20 dates in December. Keep an eye out.
Happy birthday sweetie!
I agree. I watch about one game a month and they are always exciting. EPL is better league but Serie is a blast
Wondering if J.P. Morgan might announce a "surprise gain" from MF Global "assets" to "offset" their sudden $800MM loss.
I'm boutttta be up al night if thiss convo keeps going (; <3
Sun glare is causing some big backups inbound on HWY 217, HWY 26 and along the Terwilliger curves this morning.
We'd have to flatten our roof too... :(
Some pretty wicked storms overnight.
Saw a butterfly right as we pulled up.It flew right up to me and flew away. My mom didn't see. Could that be a sign? Love you nana :) 👵
thanks Girl! Yah, I'll have some more soon. JB is the shit! He's a market just himself! Look for more tracks to come!
What's with not coming to Georgia on BOTH fall tours?!?!
I'm about to call you since I can't !
|#quotes Encourage your people to be committed to a project rather than just be involved in it.
that is cool! It's weird how the cafeteria remains one of the most dreadful places in schools. it could be easily innovated
I just noticed that today is 11/1/11
who are the best deep threat wrs, specifically available in the 3rd round?
Do you love kpop? Are you a BANA, ELF or a SHAWOL or all 3? Then Follow
got a most-valuable twitterer? Twitter him or her with the tag
I'm turning in nothing! Ha, but I am reading my article for class. Whoops.
is a creep
Thanks for the birthday wish bruh!!! #mayday!!!
SPECIAL RATE! Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99. Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Since coming back from Haiti I'm realizing that I'm becoming much more acutely aware of the polarization of culture, politics, & life here.
Attending Women & Gender session.
if is a discussion, then i comment where there is comment or question directed at me or i want to address a point made
“: Im rocking my asymmetrical feather earrings and I've been called Alicia Keys and Cyndi Lauper today lol” <- Nice!
thank you! me too!
looks like the server is down. check back shortly
Oh how our readers would love that!
Comin Too Chill / Hangg Wee Got
Your pretty cutee(:
Thanks for the tweet (which introduced me to your lovely blog).Have you seen "Torn"? If u want to view/review, let me know -Betsy
We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together, but we sure make it feel like we're together.
UHM, Yes...the kiss...I brought that up to my dad (who LOVES Harper) &he said "you did stupid things when you were 18"
": RT yes we do!!!! Do you want more Followers ? RT&Follow »
A headbutt from a midget hurts like all hell.
#alastranded tweets are turning out to be the best of the entire conference. Hang in there!
boys will feel as much pain as girls do soon enough like this isn't fair
RT : Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long? #M*A*S*H!
Creativity and technical proficiency can work very well together. That, is the future.
Anyone esle freaking out that & are on Punk'd?
am i missing something, or does pinterest quickly lose track of the original source of an image? otherwise, would be terrific.
Happy Black Wed! Make the most of it! #Corporate Safe will be open with LIVE operators staffed today, Thanksgiving and Friday.
that's a red herring. That's maybe 10k of a $3million deficit. Where's real ideas?
Hey wats up where u at?
I was informed that it was to be warm and sunny on my days off. I guess that's not the case.
YAY! I'm so proud of you!! Congrats :D “: Dance Fusions new lieutenant :)”
Coach Gwoz: The impact the Shore family has had on the Pioneer hockey program rivals that of the impact of the Miller family at Mich. State.
Karaoke song selections are incredibly revealing...and generally painful on the ears.
homework homework yoga homework homework homework
Interested in sports? SCR is looking for sports broadcasters! Come to the meetings Tuesday or Wednesday in L311 for information!
Been there done that
Sounds unreal, snap some pics for the fans!
just got done eatin!!
did anyone get the credit?! Awesome sauce
We appreciate the RT! So glad you enjoyed the content
thanks for the follow! ;D
I just cracked my freakin Otter box again. Ugghhhh
tell him I Said hey then give him a pat on the head
boys are like stars. There are a million out there but only 1 of them is going to make that wish come true
I will try to fit the word churlish into the show tomorrow
I have so much to do.
You're welcome. I can't wait for next week's performances!
: You're welcome you beautiful stranger. Lol :p
Fuck bitches, get money!
too bad I was sick that day I would kill to be in that photo
Feeling good today and looking even better! ;)😉
I always believe that people will get what they deserve when everything had been said and is done.
Just met w/ a kick ass director & this project #servinitup is a go!
I know ya'll gonna get mad at me but aaaahhhh I gota say it ... SMH ... ( Takes long deep breath)
should we be letting students choose more what they want to learn? is that why there is a rise in school of choice?
That's not the way I read it to myself in my head.
Reading White Oleander
Welcome! RT : Wheels Down in Houston
I just love when people get me sick because they're too damn stupid to go home.
Great win rangers!!:-).. maybe next game lakers!:-(
Incredible game.. So close.. Go O's!!
you we're in the parking lot... I was at bdubs.
Ha! except one of the biggest fault lines is on the East coast and is very active but out in the Atlantic.
done i followed >
Getting some free advertising in at the four a side by rockin' kid size small Play2Empower tee
#Packers DE Anthony Hargrove out 8 games & $388,000 in salary for role in Saints' bounty-gate. Going rate for lying to NFL investigators.
Pay your debts stud.
Tired of "suck it up & tell everyone 2 upgrade 2 CS5.5" advice. In a workflow w/ IT red-tape & multiple outside vendors, not that simple.
Come by booth 670 to HEAR how we can best help you.
It's impossible to have a solution without a problem.
who wants to be my new reason for procrastination?
Team Ninja White Out is going to be in full force tomorrow on SJSU campus! Don't forget to vote for White Out!
Hello beautiful. Is it me you're looking for?
The Horns with a short field, with the hopes of taking the lead, thanks to defense and special teams.
were you at the fishmarket?? we need to go there and get supplies for a feast.
Construction staff has on top of implementating current prop s projects have started to determine future ongoing costs not just existing.
Princeton prof Kevin Kruse speaks on race and public space in Atlanta: Sat May 12, 11a, 's , 535 Means St NW 30318.
Melanoma is a skin cancer that can spread earlier and more quickly than the other skin cancers.
Just saw a funny FB post: "Thinking of telling my kids they've been picked for the Hunger Games."
and you haven't heard anything about that event yet?
LB () "The female audience for golf is much larger than you may think. Our audience is about 40 percent female"
Oh, and I'm HAPPY to help you on the computer. But please meet me halfway by LOOKING AT THE COMPUTER SCREEN.
MMG "Self Made Vol. 2" compilation in stores June 26, 2012. Rick Ross & The Team will drop 5 more projects this year!
Baby don't you ever get to comfortable ♡
Hmm, wall-e... No offense but that was like 4 years ago I don't think that's very trendy
Follow , and , stars of !
Over 400 aircrafts out of airport in 4 hours last night! 160 of those were just one hour after game!
I MISS PUSHING DAISIES TOO! You were fabulous as Olive Snook!
Follow me on instagram - Bettyboo92 <<<<< same as on here. I follow back (Duh) :-)
where r u
I saw a red robin commercial and i smiled knows why :3
Fear the enemies that smile n ur face
Question of the Day: Would you say that interfaith relationships or interracial relationships are more challenging?
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue...Frankenstein was ugly too...
what are we going to do about it? Why can our #Federal government do it's job and set #immigration policy? TERRIBLE!
that's true lol Alright come next semester I'll try to ask her out or something
OMFG ;o Demi & Brittney as judges on the X-factor U.S. <3 My whole week has been made ^.^
Took clients in June. Great Pete Dye course! 1 of the coolest golf courses I've seen inside the Indy 500
A show of hands, who is going to eat mobile tonight?
It's a beautiful president's day in #Atlanta! Take your dog(s) to the park!!
