Days are too busy, Hours are too fast, But there is always time for me to think about you..
it should be #CHANGCHANG. That's a no brainer. Looking forward to Law & Order: GCC (Greendale #Community College)!
Seeking expert to educate NFL Spouses regarding the NFL's potential upcoming strike. Celebrity Spouses will feature up to date information
will the irattating voices ever stop!?!?!
nice press release
Since #oomf sleep i have no one to talk to, GNight yall
I TWEETED ON THE RONG POST JEZ
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon. Paul Brandt
see if mark can make it Friday. I get off work at noon so I can meet y'all somewhere!
I'm having a Ketel One lemon drop instead. Haven't been yelled at like that since my mom. Crazy! In comparison, anything that happens is ...
Oh yay=) You gonna ride down with him on the back? OH! better yet drive your car with Gibbyyyy!! ;)
: ARE YOU GOING TO COME BACK TO T.V IN 2012 I AS A FAN MISS SEEING YOU ON T.V.PLEASE RETURN TO T.V
why not finally say that policy of always opposing the president purely political reasons is completely unamerican/childish
A wind gust of 70 mph was reported in Harwich today.
don't get to fight your battles for you!
Haven't you heard? I'm the crazy bitch around here.
if i had 1 wish i would wish to be with my cousin Jaden
Some of the shit said on twitter is out of this world.i'm a start another twitter called #rachetness.Feel free to join If u r ate up or
is back home.
haha sometimes. It's actually kind of interesting
perhaps. Fall dropped starting in June. They prob are. “: don't you think Luke Donald's tartan pants are fall? ”
It's been nice spending YET ANOTHER Saturday morning with you. You know where I am M-F.
no I'm not gonna go back until the fall
"It's not fashion without an afterparty"
said it must be....lmao you know it
At our worst we dress our best.
The banner is etched with their dreams for a better place.
DUECES AP SPANISH ✌
aww sweet Thank You !
Bring the skins
hehehe okay it'llbe our little secret :P :D
Not sure yet. We're having our first organizers meeting tonight to plan things out. =)
word of advice. don't be flirting and trying to get with someone the same day you go into a relationship with someone else.
..."nearly" ? hm...don't worry, we'll fix that once the season starts.
oh i can see you im just not lookin at you son
Missin every moment of his presence
casino stereotypes debunked session+no sleep+ crazy networking= epic so far
follow back? :)
Watching austin and ally...............not goin to school tomorrow...woot woot!!!!
gnight JohnBoy, I'm going to catch at least 40 winks. :)
Got my feet and eyebrows done
NY Giants select Virginia Tech’s David Wilson -running back- with 32nd overall pick in the first round.
Im trying like he trying lol
I love different. That's what keeps shit from getting boring.
it's vday! get outta there quick!
What a beautiful day!! .. Go EAGLES!
I feel so blessed, So fortunate. I have my health and the love of family and friends. Goodnight everyone.
#wouldyou tell me I'm beautiful when it's a day of my worst?
I caught that too. I wonder while Adam Jones was working with Tony Gwynn, was Mark Reynolds working with Dave Kingman.
Thanks for the mention!
Sent of a resume to 's , which would actually be a great fit. I wrote my dissertation on pancakes. With syrup.
IF I SEE THORNTON, I WILL ORCHESTRATE AN ANGRY MOB -- Reporter Prince () agreed
Having said that, what are OUR expectations for #MayweatherCotto ? I've heard Floyd will win at least 10 rds, I've heard "toss up"
How about a piece of chocolate in the middle of the day?
and the packers just won with that stop. Score here and to open the 3rd. D shows up in big moments.
david dejesus. that is all.
thanks for following , we appreciate it! hope to see you at one of our upcoming events soon!
the ending was a tear-jerker. Very well done
I need a Clear mind cause I've Been blind to Long..
Is my earwax supposed to taste this buttery?
deep water carter, fishing for a dollar.
call me at 2703178082
ME TOO! I'm gonna try to lose more but ya know..it's a process..a slow steady one hahah
Anyone have any cooking tips?!
no problem I always love an enlightened exchange.
This is interesting!! *eats morning oatmeal*
I feel awful :(
My blog is about learning everything, lol. (www.LearningNerd.com) Video tutorials on every subject -- it forces me to branch out!
its a call center
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be managed or transcended.
That's why I don't have a dog
What's your rec? RT : Can you suggest a seminar or conference on digital strategy for a new newspaper web editor?
Work out w / crystal in like 20 , 30 mins .
Says speaker at #interedition, DjVu is the most used ebook format in Poland (90% of users!)
pulled out a thump let that hoe jump bullets blickin at you like omg wtf he soft as a bitch hit him in shit then he started talkin shit
Our cover of 's "Boyfriend" is sounding HOT! Coming at you tonight!
Omg! I love you ICONiacs! U always make me laugh or smile in someway! :) stay GRAND for the GRANDerz!
#nowplaying Nancy Wilson. When Sunny Gets Blue.
Hey :) how are you ?
going to espinozapaz concert this friday yea
Happy Mother's Day.
Like I'm really shitty...wow
I just can't catch a break
Happy Birthday !
"Success is using your talents to elevate other people" - Dr. Benjamin Carson
word to the unwise, pretending something is all good doesn't make it all good...makes it worse actually, makes people hate other people...
The Bible and Birth Control — Conservative Christian Bible Study ...
her phones off
Brides--make your wedding Day even MORE fun-help your stoogie family members "lighten-up" & stay away from punch-rent us!
Been a loyal Yahoo user for 13 years, but I must admit, I'm surprisingly impressed with Microsoft's Bing.
Its like hes her favorite. Like she wants to rape him- jasmine
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected
My LinkedIn stream is suddenly filled with poorly written satellite-tweet rants about political issues. It's like MySpace with a briefcase.
fwd'ed you a picture on fb. has been posting up some pictures from what he can see.
Just saw Game Change! I read John McCain didn't watch it - The portrayal of him was empathetic. Julianne Moore was incredible!
Isn't that the truth?! Good day, for sure.
you just can't deny that every aspect of that style sounds the same. And it's quit annoying, and the lyrics are retarded usually.
thank you again Sam. :)
have fun!!!
RT “: Congrats on your new job!!! I'm so excited for you chica!” :D thanks
can i get one And follloe back please
no i just need someone on more
on my tablet and have a app called 8tracks and all the songs are people who make them they are very good too
following back
Don't forget! You can buy up to 3 VOUCHERS for #Chandler4Corners and combine them for your purchase
thunderstorm in #Minneapolis right now yes
Do you really think the ladies dig the mustache??
": A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.'" Justice comes in all shapes n sizes
Good morning! Lots to cover in news,weather department. Last day solo anchoring b4 our new co-anchor joins team, thanks for hanging w/ me!
Wordpress, twitter, facebook, tumblr should be viewed as tools of engagement.
Honestly, I love playing on the same basketball team as my two best friends. 😊
Wait, wait. I misspoke. My family HAS been to Orlando.
Don't hit a man when he is down. Kick him; it's easier.
did you hear about the fight after we left?? Lol
also, , lil' jill is off the table....
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when im reading & people be distracting me lol
want some curry goat - make up Sparkle. Private joke.
36 pts--WAY TO KILL IT!! Go Stars! Bring on the playoffs!!
: the amounts of #OB tweets and bodies at McKeldin represents the amount of interest on that issue
Rehearsal? Is this one of those pretending things where I read from a book? Because I don't do that so good. -Kemmler
Adding QR code to back of business card to direct clients to my LinkedIn profile. Smart idea from my smart friend Anne.
Well no good but valiant effort We are open for condolence drinks until 12.
It's gonna be huge? I see what you did there Sean...
I'm wondering if you received the press release I sent you yesterday detailing projected growth for 2012?
thank goodness
sometimes i think The Whole World is on twitter…but then i go home, see a show, & see but one "nearby tweet" for a mile.
just woke up !
Follow to learn more about trending issues in the industry and the latest events, conferences and more
going to school. Fight at Travis Lutters saturday
Jay Z + Carnegie Hall + 99 = i am officially middle aged
Some foods are season-specific. Summer calls for Mom's Spicy Popcorn. I'm off to the store for ingredients, and then will eat myself sick.
I'll give it month :P
In other database frustrations: redis BGSAVE when the changeset is too large, and you're using 80% of RAM for redis == fail / re-design.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken
Little Weapons is shooting in #SanDiego for the next week!
#ridiculousness>>>> cracks my shit up lmao
RT : Bo Ryan is blocking John L. Smith's transfer from Weber St to Arkansas
so glad it went well. Hated to miss it. Thank you! Piedmont THATCamp would be awesome!!
If you love something, don't piss it off.... That is all.!!!
ii got fans! they love me haha
Blepharitis is inflammation of the eyelid. It can either affect the front (anterior) or the inner eyelid (posterior).
ha! and it's the word reporters love :)
I would always read it before I went to bed and be all cuddled in my blankets like, ah asfksjuzf.
Holy cow. I can't believe this is happening. A lot of people will see this as a road block but I see it as a blessing. Holy man.
I like it when babe falls asleep on my lap ^_^
Because their the second un-sexiest team in the NBA. The first being the Celtics, the them the Spurs will play in the finals.
haha i was talking about andrews board
did u see Endy Chavez wear the wrong helmet last at bat?
For you it was a choice? you can eat Gluten without medical challenges? correct?Wonder how many choose to not eat it
Don't worry, girls, one day you'll find a guy who ruins your lipstick, not your mascara.
Arlington Irelands Four Courts Bring your kids to the Courts today! Soccer is on, 50 cent wings, kids eat FREE til 7 pm
#FF for your love and support
To follow someone else is to forfeit your ability to make decisions to them.
Yesterday was horrible. Time to move forward. I still love the
i ate the last one today :)
It still hasn't hit me yet, but I know it will.
Hi there! Sorry about the wait. It doesn't usually take that long for delivery. How was the bbq? Where did you order from?
alright mister but take it easy and sending you healing huggies ;) keep me posted. U still coming to SD?
came 4 the lulz stayed for the tl;dr's
Cops are at my school. Go figure.
#allgamejobs Are there any experienced programmers looking to make a game of the year on the east coast? Ping us for more!
put a picture of u :P are u a girl or a boy :P
VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE.
gotto make it ten for it to count!
Does Romney endorser Ted Nugent's sexist & violent rhetoric concern you ?
When it comes to carpet cleaning in Golden Beach, Florida locals depend on Revolutionary Cleaning.
All the bands here, ready to go. Sound checking and then relaxing.
Jack thinks he has a "Bot Fly Larvae" in his head. Cause he can't think or do right anything?!?
And right after I saw your tweet, I tweeted a faculty member from my personal Twitter accidentally.
Woahh for the first time I'm actually early for school...
Couldn't have said it better! RT : A2: Passion is key.
#realestate | I'm scouting for homeowners in San Diego or other parts of California who've had their mortgage reduced...Please RT.
No no no! It's watching that class distinction starting to get torn down. That and it's a soap opera made better by accents.
Can you play "So Many Girls" by again please!?
So much easier to produce pages when you can start citing other people's work! Thanks for saving me from MORE primary research!
check yourself before you wrecked yourself in the mental state by resolving 2 be yourself & know that he who finds himself loses his misery.
I have a feeling ur kind of biased tho then it comes to COD. :-)
EVERYONE STOP & FOLLOW !!! She Bad , & got hella swag.. if you aint following her than you a dum bitch ..
Oh shit its mothers day. What should i get my mom? What do women like? Chick flicks? Ill buy her my favorite romantic comedy "The Accused"
Nerlens Noel to Kentucky. Looks like Pete Thamel can start digging dirt again.
i love storms....
did you have fries too? I love
WANT all of the furniture in Studio D in the Davidson Library for #Atkins #uncc group spaces.
Guys are so gross.
God willing and the crick don't rise, this is my last flight out of a DMV airport until #pilotday12. :)
Guys these days are starting to be very difficult!!:/ ughh get over yourself
time to hit the ground runnin...like any other day.. while ya sleep, I pounce on ya territory...no wonder those other OG's hated me ;)
Do you offer wifi in your galleries? And if so what was the official rationale? thx!
I'm a VIP (Very Insecure Person)
Disco Night tomorrow kicks off at 8pm! Kitchen open till 11am. Prizes for best costumes! Vintage music, beer & wine! Exclamation points!
can i ask and can somebody answer? so wat better, yellow & black or blue & red?
All I want to do is sleep today...but I got plans. It looks like I'll be giving "5 hour energy" a real test.
I wish Shanghai would wake up and get on with shipping me my MBP!!!
Thank YOU for Sharing :)
personality. he's just so sweet, caring, and funny(:
tried to dye my hair.
Bryn (LMT #6459) still has time for your 15 minutes of heaven today -- just $10 and he's all yours! Here until 7 PM Saturday only
Definitely. But I'm taking a hiatus and I'm going to read a couple other books first. Movie looks good, too!
“: Damn I know cant wait till the next event so the heat can b on sumbody else.Lol”right she gotta redeem herself😄
I really want to meet the brave girl that just moved in across the street from me in the ghetto. Should I go over there with some cookies?
‎​New Divine Whitening injection,antioxidant,antiaging,with live cell extract from Japan,MJ Diamond 3x trtmnts only 3 M IDR.Info:02131908203
You got the same email? Brah
um wait what comment?
I wish I could be waco bound with you right now. OR you change waco to lubbock bound.
#SituationsWeAllHate when a guy makes it seem like he's getting at you & then he ends up with your friend <
I'm going to start tweeting more.
Thanks for mentioning my contest!
I hate girls that can't respect their girl or relationship.
No worries! and thanks :-) RT : Ops! I meant to wrote Don't FORGET to FF.
Very true! A close friend of mine fell victim to this after she posted on Facebook about her upcoming vacation.
I finally got it sent:)
RT I am fat with a gut and fat people don't deserve noting but a diet and and exercise program even ME
Raise that motherfucker!!!
1/2 Hey, archivists/cultural historians -- heard of the #aday project, happening today? People all over the world documenting their day...
Nah, sorry/:
The sun is like my daddy, where is it ?!?
Coolin with at the Mystikal show hosted by !!
Come over!
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
Home for tonight then off to Korbyn's tommorrow and then the mall...:) Comment the new pics&I'll return the favor. Text the cell:)
It's and the vest in the Driesnote!
I put the "pro" in procrastination.
Thanks!! Let us know when it's up!
What do you mean? HOW LONG WAS I OUT FOR?
ok I will and thx for helping me!:)
#dalailama cracking down on religious inst focusing on money, "they are empty"
like 2 girls, one guy sandwich? That's semi-questionable...
#winning RT Only 60 more days (give or take) of taking the 86 bus EVER!!!! :) :)
“: Good movies make you feel feelings. GREAT movies make you wanna lift weights.” Couldn't agree more, I just turned Rocky on too.
I'm fangirling already!!!!
I know! Omg I feel so bad but he really is scary looking..
Know of good deals in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
hey did you understand the rest of the algebra 2 homework? im lost...
Driving Through Washington D.C.?
The woman who has to crunch loudly on crackers in a coding class HAD to sit behind me.
Control Stress-Is Stress Really Healthy? Part 2 from:
not really. I have tried a few-headfirst and missing manual series-but didn't like them too much. Code academy is good start.
long baths ight before bed
How everyone doing today?
that's what happens when money gets to your head. He needs to hire a GM though
I'm down! I'll be in touch bro! Should be home by the 6th!
No, one man's witch hunt is pretty much another man's witch hunt. It's just if you're willing to admit it.
I love you #it'llbeokaylove
Better now?
I must be popular af
& he dropped out at the last minute, which was kind of unprofessional.Berman's politics are terrible, but that's
then Why did you tell me he will never like me??
food court by goose island just sitting chillin.
I need electrolytes but all I have is vodka
"You Don't Have Forever."
My name is Beatus.
Will I get any credit if I predict the next civil war?
Inside the peach blossom there is a little man who likes to rub his shite on the sun.
Get your swagg on
Thanks, Stephen!
being an adult or midlife crisis?
Sorry.....convo with my cuzzo got me in preacher mode.
Off to work we go
Thank you so much !! :)
In fact you can email Chief Clack -- . Let him know you demand better ! All residents should!
The taps are flowing again after 2+ days.. The bucket showers were fun but i def appreciate the running water. Life is good in
we need a someecard for our office that encourages folks to wash their dishes. Ideas?
It's sad when you try to google the greatest U.S. President and a vampire movie exploiting his name is predicted ahead of it..
what do you mean?
that guy has a big head
RT : punishing someone because they are still friends with me is a bullshit move....
is that a small god or this God...
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
gay marriage is what the Right calls it to make it sound scary to Repubs. Makes me wanna punch, too
This is the worst I have seen KU play all year.
S/o took part in makin my new favorite song. Shits droppin on my upcomin album
Girl, please! Cat and human Binx are equally awesome and crushworthy.
Follow Back ?
If you define "best" as stalking playerss at the mall and having little knowledge about basketball outside of KY, then yes.
Welcome home!! RT We made it!!!! Hello Murfreesboro!
When I graduate next year I'm gonna go on a road trip across the US and I better meet you all, then move to SoCal.
I want a Cool-Aid tree!!!!!
Howard Miller and I just settled a wrongful death case for the insurance policy limits of $1,000,000.
Keep Your Head Up !!!! --2PAC
would love to know how we could help further. Skype call sometime? ^
so sleepy :(
ball!!!! Like for reals if we wanna leave we gotta get our heads In the game ah all HS musical
Nature's speeding ticket is called a tree. Everything short of that is a cash grab. "License, registration, & would u mind bending over."
I am so excited, I now have a merchant account and collectors have another option of paying me. I still take paypal and checks online.
Just saw an ad for a device you wear while you sleep, and if you snore, it electrocutes you awake to stop you from snoring. Umm...WTF?
I know he called his daughter an idiot pig, or some such... but is it bad that I still dig Alec Baldwin?
How would I get through the 4 hour flat Ohio drive without Florence!?
when did you get it?
thank you! :)
btw Iment it's a problem that the Boston show start
Oh really sharing me with whom?
Please go follow he is super cool and went to school with Austin!!(: you won't regret it<3
Follow us for more details
Time to start from square one.
Brad Meuli's (CEO) comments on the urban camping ordinan. "Our hope is that this community will come together to find a permanent solution."
Despite the stock market getting pummelled and a strong rally in Treasuries, interest rates remain near 2011 record lows.
this is real news, not MT : Massive WWII bomb found in Rhine near Koblenz successfully defused -
Working the morning shift at G.Rx. Stop by and get prescribed some new tunes! ()
hey tell Mrs. Eades to check her mail on angel and let me know what you guys think
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle.
I think for my birthday tomorrow I want a tweet from but since that's probably a bit hard to get I'll just go make a cup of tea!
i can't make you love me. but i wish i could. (:
RT : Hearing the NASCAR Airport Shuttle Bus will be inducted into the Hall of Fame this May.
At the Y!
Maine is the only state in the United States whose name has one syllable...our useless factoid of the day.
those bracelets are pretty flipping sweet! (: you guys should totally checkout and follow also! (: xoxo
you look beautiful!!
I'm so jealous because your off school for so long!(:
Salon Ramsey Midtown for all your hair care needs. 404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
We're participating in Restaurant Week-have you made your reservation yet?
um, they don't have one
LOL what the hell, I'm going on Saturday!
Just a few more minutes! It's still uploading!
haha you should get it!
God no!!
For a brand to be successful, everyone has to get it (staff buy-in, audience engagement, etc.) Perceptions matter.
if they're following you, if not you have to tweet it! but they're not calling right now, but they will again soon! :D
one of the great DC holiday parties!
I'm sorely tempted to unfollow you.
Um, this is 's fav. #cosign RT : Look what you did, you little jerk! Never gets old.
On LeatherPod, we talk about distinguishing variance from poor performance, the characteristics all winning (& losing) players have... cont
Like it never happened. Hope you're well.
Damn. I wish I could feel like this everyday. Getting so much work done
ea servers down-my middle finger up
what's it say?
Done with airplanes for the day!
Website for Cebu Real Estate Properties for Sale Philippines .... Buy and Sell. PC DESKTOPS for Internet shops or PISONET All Brand N...
lol I guess I must have clicked the wrong button by accident!! Sorry!!:)
Ford Poser
Ummmn...I do the same thing.
Good Morning SL Nation! We have one live broadcast left... The final game in the series today at 1p with SL TV ... Tune in!
Its a dog (Dems) eat dog world!!
ok, it's actually getting COLDER in my office as the day goes on :/
Great suggestion, but I'm thinking of somewhere downtown-ish/Third Ward-ish… Thoughts?
Thanks for following :-)
Nice but Packers have sold out single game tix for the next 50 years
Research and education should be measured on impact, especially in improving health
ugh i really need to clean what is sitting in my kitchen sink
Is that sarcasm?
you have more followers than me...I...this....I'm going to jump out a window.
What's the best way to clean a dirt floor? Looking to create a cleaning solvent for 3rd world architecture.
I haven't either. Women like that are exhausting even through the tv!
Visualize who you want to be, and what you want to do. -cody maverick
Big audition today!
I had a chat with Grit City Pub. They are a stand-up operation! I hope they do well!
It is now officially your birthday here in Chicago so HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATT!!!!!
We are still accepting submissions until September 30th! Just a few days left! Who will be the king and queen of 2011? Search for...
SO, JUST FIGURED THAT I NEED 2 START CARYING SOME OF MIXXES W/ME, PEOPLE R STOPPING & ASKING, IF I CAN SELL THEM A COPY OF WHAT I'M MIXXIN!!
I speak English fluently but sometimes I get mixed with the words
S/O to all the women playing y'all position.
Living 5 blocks from Greenlake means no excuses for not running.
you sent me spam.
I'm up at 5 am on a Saturday. This means it's #divetime with sweeeeeettttt
The akward moment when 2 people start arguing in front of you.
what up
Just heard the phrase "Jack off the King" dropped casually on TV with nobody thinking twice? You're watching
the site is close to relaunch bring on the linsanity...stay tuned and let's feel some linsanity in the fourth quarter of this game!
I landed my first writing job last week and Twitter came into play immediately!
Wow. Some people will never change. Its truly is sad.
Please tweet about us guys we really need your help!
When I'm feeling really adventurous I go with the sugar-free upgrade for that extra kick of carcinogens.
thanks for the update
decided to go ahead w/ the weekend’s raft trip (better than sitting @ home feeling crappy) & can now add sunburn to her list of ailments
Picture who you want to be. Write it down. Then go work on it until that person starts to appear in the mirror!
I want to thank all military personnel for your service. Active and vets. Thank you and God Bless.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
I'll move in on my birthday if I go to UK... #happyeighteenthbirthdaytome!
I'm in, and have more help this time! Excited!!
it's like i've set loose a robot who can only speak in fragments of my inner thoughts
Hm, a little too 1984? Let's just chalk it up to kismet. And thanks for coming in, come again soon!
'Meeting Evil' Trailer Could Kill Anybody - Film School Rejects
not enough memorams to light the map. step 1: pagefile sass. step 2: thrash disk with -lomem. step 3: probably sew a bag
Now I see why the OG hommie was like don't do shit for free
I hate not being able to sleep
You need Amazon Prime Student!
Yes, same impulse that drove FSF to hackwork in Hollywood. (And Milford's biography is a classic)
Taking pictures and eating crackers :D
Good morning, #Scottsdale! Who's golfing today?
“: thank you :) slowly but surely” and when that day comes ill make the trip to Canton to cheer for him
I AM SO SORRY. I AM A PATRIOTS FAN
Still tinkering around with google voice, so far its pretty cool to have all phones ring at once, the ability to switch from cell to home.
"I love my life, I never complain." *tweets 5929917283 complaints about everything*
yea. Why else would I ask lol.
Head over to 'Noche and enjoy dinner & drinks... $5 mojitos...Catch the Magic @ Bulls game! #gotta love Chi-city sports
RT : Don't walk, RUN to today!!! Amazing ministry w/ ! // Yes! 1230pm!
#4famouswords Damn, your drunk ass!
U know who I miss? Funk Doctor Johnny Fever...that was a bad white boy.
Just keep moving forward and you'll get to where your headed soon enough.
oh thank you for thinking of me! But no, I'm ok for now. Might be moving for the summer, but have no place to stash stuff now.
They're having a laugh :)
Walking on a treadmill for an hour watching Netflix is not a workout
Don't get it twisted, you're not hurting me. All you're doing is breaking your own heart.
nobody is perfect..
hi. I'm eating.
I think the ComicCon is a prime spot for poker marketing...wait, it's in the US.
gonna rain tomorrow so no #TwoWheelShawty for me smh
love Decaf!♥
guess what? I'm still watching. I can't help myself.
when you doing a duet wid RiHanna?!? Now Daz HAWT!!!
and then he's going to meet with the Surgeon General about his persistent case of Cat Scratch Fever
Watching kiddie porn is legal in NY, but MMA is not. Embarassed to say I'm from NYS.
True or false your best clients bring you donuts
Wisconsin beat #6 UCLA 38–31 in the 1999 Rose Bowl. Afterward, Barry Alvarez fired back, "Well, I know we're at least the second worst."
*gasp* well I guess we know who your favorite is. :(
Oh! I have that! Yes! Awesome! Thanks!
Jealous! That's a much smarter timeline. After 3 years, I'm just now getting to start research--and that's fast for humanities.
uh-huh, sleepy time is important v.v
so you're sayin she ain't sexy?! How many beers till I'd smush
RT Which is higher priority for many GOPers: Reducing deficit, or reducing amount rich contribute towards deficit reduction?
I've also never see you smile what's up with that?
Skatin' every day this week. Album disaster put me in holding pattern for at least a month. Hit me up if u want to skate journey this week.
will there be try outs in Memphis is so plz let me know showboats baby
#girlfriendsaurus and I have decided to start flying via CLT so we can have Bojangles, Jamba Juice, and NASCAR.
YES now you can take me on a dinner date wife ;)
now buy me treats
The Mayor will be inspecting rescue boats early this morning to make sure they can handle whatever Irene throws at them.
Verify Psanders asap! He deserves it and he is amazing :) Go Pey! Haha. <21
It's been a really weird day. I need to vent.
thanks court!!!!! Miss ya
Saw Scissor Sisters for the first time last night at the 9:30 club. Fun!
It's smooth. I was on wait list. Got email that ebook was ready, clicked button on comp. Book was in kindle app
When 16 year olds post about how they miss being a kid. Shut the fuck up.
where we at now?
Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!
Land Yoga FREE beginners class May 6th 11AM for Shop Your Values Week.
I just woke up from the couch with a mating call from
Final day of classes as a college student. Graduating next saturday but I'm just not feeling it
"SuckMyNutsHoe_: Some do... RT Pooh_on_Twit: No girl NEEDS to wear make up."most girls look good wit
i never called you, and briana hung up on you.
I would rather watch the written play by play online than watch it live on Fox with Joe Buck announcing
Maxims hometown hotties tonight which ones are single for the next 3 days?
Financial Aid is tricky business. Years ago I got into a jam. Not many, in 2008. A loan I had taken for my daughter called a Plus loan.
It's not the community's job to understand the library. We need to understand them. This idea should b obvious!
you are enabling!
I wish i could do more to express my belief in my last retweet.
My mind's telling me nnOOOOoo. But my body. My Boooooddy telling me "She doesnt shave" *whew* thanks body. We dodged a bullet there
I love talking to
I wish Kellogg's made a cereal based on all the crumbs and sugar found at the bottom of the box in Frosted Mini-Wheats.
Yes ! Joelle is through !
Las Vegas Cash Mob wants your input for a bumper sticker slogan......GO
Hooray! is right near the start/finish of the chicago spring half marathon!!!!
I love it too! RT : that's awesome!!!
Hrm.. Should I go to bed? Or stay up, wipe my phone and update the ROM I'm using. Decisions, decisions.
Congrats and gl to
it was cold this morning o.o aren't we suppose to be going into summer already?! #BiPolarMiamiWeather -.-
AUSTIN HAD A USTREAM? OH GREAT THIS IS THE ONLY TIME IN WEEKS HE DOES ONE AND I FORGET TO WATCH IT. IM GOING TO SHOOT SOMEONE
Yes. Part of what brought me to DC. RT : Sometimes, one must state the obvious: public transportation is just civilized
Keep calm the bitch is back! -A
its gonna be 70-80's all next week, AND NO RAIN :).
:-) you got that right!!!
Not having one would be "time consuming" RT : Hey #blogchat #toolschat #getrealchat friends. Is a XeeMe profile time consuming?
This excuse has been used by myself several times. I'll be out today or late, I woke up dizzy (I suffer from vertigo).
More young people needs there own place the sex is GREAT that sneaky shit gets old
- a huge TY 2 u 4 ur support of Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite! Hope u had a gr8 time. We appreciate ur efforts :)
Are you taking submissions for fantasy baseball manager meltdowns? What address can I send it to?
Then I think 's pt is ed should be signed by Manchester, not (implicitly) ed board.
yeah, he just pissed me off pretty good. But everything I've read on him makes up for it. One day people will practice respect.
yeah, just remember carbs, fruits & veg all have sugar. HFCS is the worst sugar, whole grains & fiber keep you full.
keeps telling me to come to Cali, so this must happen. The results will probably be insanity w/ A$AP as the soundtrack
At the dance having fun... I bet if you listen closely you'll hear the music lol
I got everything of bieber, even a life size poster and a watch of him! and much more i love u bieber!!, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
#Thunder game tonight #OKC - come watch with us and enjoy 2 for 1 domestics and 1/2 priced appetizers after the game till 11pm!
The above camera angle for a whole possession by is awful!!!
I wish for a national championship this year. had all the right picks except for the last one
Originally misread it. #Stick It
Icey with it!
CBS corporate media LA: "police have done such a good job protecting..!" Wonder who they're protecting from peaceful protesters?
When I played House with my friends at school as a child, I always wanted to be the cat...
It's pretty bad. was talking about him
Just ordered a jersey. Seriously considered a Jordy or Shields to get the ire of but went w/ my guy instead.
Draft defense.
super b0wl ;D
Asia Skye ...it's not always easy, To recognize Love, Even when we hold it.... In our hands
you've got this!
In the Milwaukee area? Be sure to check out salon! Great atmosphere & they run fab specials
Fleet Foxes are so dissatisfying to listen to when you're mad.
Environmental ap exam tomorrow... Unprepared
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
In my head, that is.
should make for a nice walk home
- Yep, we're texting every day here! ;)
Is it a full moon or something? Really need for something to go right today.
Kerry Wood was the pitcher of record in the deciding game against the Braves in '03 when the Cubs won their first playoff series since 1908
TGIF!! If your not following & ur a loser <3
Thanks for those!
says you.
super interesting stuff… glad to see them sorting out the consumer side of food data!
my room is SOO clean, ha thanks mom. d:
I mean I hate to talk about someone elses child but this lil muthafucka is bad. Broke my dogs fuckin leg throwin her around.
post iPhone compatible links and your hits would triple
bd, let's party this wknd !
salty, greasy, not very healthy feeling. glad i tried though..
hope you had fun last nite We'd love if you can take a sec and give us a listen (we played last Halloween at the Queen Mary)
repeat at polyglotconf?
You know who's great? Mike is great. Wow!
"I've been busy" is just an implausible excuse for "I'm ignoring you."
Fuck you, babies.
love this story and happy to have to hold on to
Everyone loves love
Thanks for the great interview and having us on your bus! Good luck on tour!! :)
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. -Napoleon
Nostalgia w/ on tonight! Miss listening to them every morning. Get syndicated in Bmore please
been laying around ever since surgery wednesday. from all this free time grows too many ideas.
that was the one. Ok sorry!
My hair is moving to the beat of my pulse ...0.o
When do I get to work from a coffee shop? never.
Laying under the stars with my boyfriend<3
Does lifting my coffee cup 25 times count? ; ) It's kinda big.
really need to bring back the Gotham filter
The more and more I hear about how poorly lindy ruff manages players, I am even more convinced he must be fired.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Would you like to know what 1 thing you should do before looking at homes to save you time and money? Call to find out 702-245-7227
Your mods are at the Grounds Use meeting to get the game set up for Fall! Chairperson is wearing a Gryffindor bowtie. Good sign!!
oovoo with soon?
well..does it creep you out that i put (BF) as boyfriend ? xD i dont want to freak you out ..
OMG! Just ate at Chick-Fil-A for the first time. I now wish I had grown up in the South.
I just thought of something. If a persons blood is blue but turns red when it reaches oxygen then why is it red when its under H2O?
Watching "the Stephen Hawking Paradox"
Did you twit about me today?
Is there anything better in life than curry!?
In all seriousness, I would LOVE 2be able 2take you seriously. I cannot find where you are serious though.
We like Damsels in Distress quite a bit too!
i do it
Returns on a 4-yr degree have always been good, but gains have increased sharply in 25 years.
Wow. Even through the TV u can tell how loud it is in the yum center. Love seeing BBN support Murray St
0-27 huh? Might as well said 0-270.. not easy picking bets that are 2nd best.. send me your picks and we'll see who's better
Hello, Denver! How is everyone's weekend so far?
Congrats!! How can I get involved? RT I won a prize in some contest and now I do nothing but randomly tweet to strangers about it.
Appreciate it! Will you come get hammered at the reception?
must post Easter pic. Jules is going to sport one of her tutus over a bedazzled onesie.
Worth celebrating for #L1C4, but I'm so glad I don't have to try to be satisfied with a Final Four celebration.
Glad you're a gravy supporter!
I have a customer who is looking to sell his GT-541. It is only a few months old. email me
Stay tuned...we're giving away 10 sets of tickets shortly!
hey you dared me to do it!
I think you just have to wait in line - not sure if you can buy tickets onsite beforehand - may need to call... :D
If you would provide the source/info on the # of Limbaugh listeners and by demographic it would be appreciated.
my nightly bout with insomnia they did look awful defensively. They are tough to figure out. They should be better.
good tip. I often use iPad as well so I'll give Reeder a try. thnx!
TempleCon! (we are at it)
they will last 2+ wks on fingers, up to 6 on toes!
I got some pizza for my big study session tonight!!
Make sure to stop in at #fireflycupcakes for a Mojito cupcake on your way to #ricksonmain to celebrate Cinco de Mayo!
Is there a fan page for the red headed bearded piano player guy on glee? Cuz there should be.
oh k sounds like fun
The delicious dinner that hurt the roof of your mouth.
White is the new Black
blah blah blah
tell that to Pittsburghers.
When you are in love with person who lives so far away from you it's so difficult to be happy.. :( #Alexandre ♥
So thrilled to encounter my new iGongyo app! #NamMyohoRengeKyo !!!
Getting ready to leave 4 Chicago in the morning for the FAAN support group leaders summit. Excited and nervous.
70 degrees tomorrow?? OKAY!!
i agree, you want your blogs to be relevant with QUALITY content. if you need a break from time to time, do it.
Vegetarian for lent...
I'm ready to watch the Bears game. Bear Down Bears Fans!!
heard a creepy noise downstairs and snuck down to investigate. it was the ice maker. still incredibly freaked out though.
My Final Four is UK, Mizzou, Vandy and UNC. UK vs UNC in title game and UK winning
In so much pain
WHAT ON EARTH is going on with the markets today, jeez!
Can't wait for vs. Friday! Go OU!
Love God with all your heart, take care of your family, and make as much money ad you can LEGALLY
Cant wait to go to pennsylvania this weekend I need a break!
um a little lower if ull like
Went 2 the #RowdyBeaver 4dinner. Honestly, food not so great, but it's a swanky lil joint! Pool table, live band, and $1 domestic after 10!
. is watching #bsg: "Don't kiss a robot! They'll stick feelers in your mouth!"
Someday this will all be a funny story! .... To some damn body.
good morning brother :) how you been?
my mind is exhausted. on saturday, i'm having a movie marathon by myself for AT LEAST 6 hours. Longest day ever today.
make money and flip Shit :)
Try the new Banana Foster cappuchino... hm... yum yum!!
hell yeah in kuwait the army on some bull shit
this isn't a region meet though, it's a Wednesday meet...
RT “Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true” ― Brian Tracy
I am also loving the new Google Drive.
I think I posted twice. Sorry. Trying to figure this out!!
Don't fuck with my friends.
My vocabulary = 50% swearing, 50% sarcasm.
I haven't, but definitely will be trying!
Not sure if I'll do any conferences, I should. Get A Life in Chicago always has good speakers though, and the location works :-)
BennuDancers look forward to performing festival this year.
everybody actin like they the shooters, man i aint goin for them pump-fakes
Dude Jenna marbles is hot as fuck
Uh-oh, 4th grader's math hmwk is starting to stress me out.
sure if u want (:
My family walks in the March for Babies, b/c others walked for us when our preemies came along
Galvis is 9-for-26 in his last nine games. Batting .346 in that stretch with nine RBIs. -- Todd Zolecki ()
Well hello there! Thanks for the follow and I like the new hair. :) How's it working for you?
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back
Goin to bed
that was a test. U failed. Thanks though.
At least that's over.
My shoulder just did the loudest crack.
Y r those hispanic people playin their music so loud, smh? Dont they realize that cinco de Mayo is over!
what's your favorite thing about Rush? for me it's the message of the lyrics!
We're above 200!!! Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff or by texting 101861 to PEPSI (73774)! Thank you!!
im sorry :/
Sounds like the perfect hug RT Grab my ass when we hug >>
His record explains why, ugh!
Wow, just finished Gabrielle Hamilton's BLOOD, BONES, & BUTTER. Really good.
I'm a fiction author.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear your green!
Ok then, need another plan for world domination!! How would "come cov with me" sound? I bring z list celebs to cov 4 a date with u?
yes they are owned by Roundy's! You can't escape #wisconsin cheddar blocks Mo
let me find out.(:
Omw to the keys :)
trying to get where you are
Gonna hit the gym extra hard tonight and work out some daily life frustration. I wish I still had my drum set to thrash on.
NHL action on the sked tonight ( vs ) plus streaming the new Sigur Ros. FUN!
all this yolo stuff is alright , but everyone needs to learn how to use it better
I do she or Christina are my third place
Fag. make me a foot long BLT, Italian herbs and cheese, with american cheese, yes toasted.
Yeah and you've been tweeting about him. The both of you need to knock it the fuck off.
Oh no. Is that ______ ? OMG! WALK WALK WALK…..
Good morning everyone and Happy Easter
Back in Chicago looking like a beach bum
No way! RT White wedding in a White Castle?
I'm coming home tomorrow I love u
Coma has lifted!
I hope everyone had a sassy & sweet Valentine's day & night! Now I'm getting back in the swing of my portrait & design work!
“: lmao dang!!” lol yooo I might be out that way sooner then I thought yo
Yes-go Avs! RT : Colorado an amazing story so far this season. Keep on winning and push Vancouver for NW div
That awkward moment when I read 'Jack and Rose' and think it means Doctor Who characters.
Oh dear.
As far as I'm concerned, any day where I can sleep in until 10:00 automatically starts off in the “win” column.
Switching exhibits this week at #SJMQT ... but the gift shop is still open. :D International TECHstyle Art Biennial (ITAB) opens August 17th
Romney is the nice boy from a good family that the parents want their dau 2 marry. Gingrich is the bad boy the dau is in love with
RT : RT : RT : RT A big part of teaching children emotion intelligence...
keep retweeting and sending me any questions you have on life or pastry i am here all day to answer anything!!!!!
- 10% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!
#1omf is speaking a lot of nonsense rite na...
Checked out my first Kindle book from Loudoun County Public Library last night. Great new service. Thanks
Seriously. Why be so childish?
Family eat at da table...
I called you ms lady
High-functioning tech-no-path.
#Vikings draft S Harrison Smith with the 29th pick in the
.: "That's why this bill is so important - we don't want barriers to success" for students
“: I just want to be able to scream "TYRA MAIL" once in my life and mean it.” I'm leaning towards "You got she mail" via
RT "once a good girls gone bad, she is gone forever" -Jay-Z.
RT : I'm running casino night fundraiser on 1/23 for & looking 4 a couple of RVA celebrity dealers. If interested, plz DM
of course. Is she better now? Is she in counseling or something?
thank you thank you!
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, & a little flower. -Hans Christian Anderson
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 77 S, using Waze - Drive Social
yup...Sand Island
Oh my gosh all you Texans back home are awesome! Tried to make y'all proud! Much love<3
Good morning!!!:) Hope everyone has an amazing and blessed week!!<3
- maybe but I just heard..:-)
It's the persistence of memory. You just remember it as always being hot.
If you guys really want to go I'm dead serious, like I can buy tickets tomorrow.
I definitely splurged on the weekender passes to so class and hunger aren't new to me.
Looking forward to the Democratic Primary debate airing tonight on tv.. broadcasting on Channel 36 at 10:30.
was asked this week how long ago he had turned 60. When he replied, "Oh not yet, but don't I look awful" the woman did not try to backped...
she hear i w. them bitches . i tell her mind her fuckng bidness !
it better be as good as the second one. Or I shall rage.
what time can you be at westside club ent tomorrow?
Like I said, Altuve, Martinez, and Lowrie are all slumping. AT THE SAME TIME!!! It stinks.
Hey B - looks who's all up in here now? Actually, I'm clueless, but learning. Hope you're well!
#LegalizeGayMarriage is not only essential it's required to be human beings!
If you’re looking for great Chicago Bears tickets, you’ve come to the right place. Call us right now at: 888-493-0004 and book your tickets.
at work ot its hell but it pays the bills
Love Pittsburgh, but not the steelers.
In life sometimes u have to love someone enought to let 'em go. In hopes that they love u enought to come back
Enjoy those new trees! :-)
off 2 Grassroots Fest!
Interesting article. I think it's human nature to 'complain' or vent about: your job, the weather, a bad hair day, kids, etc.
What a beautiful bike. I hope it finds a good home.
I can't forgive you, because you will do it again and again...
Can't fall asleep, my mind is racing...
"the #1 thing you have to have to be an entrepreneur...hustle." "How are you out-hustling the competition?" Ryan Holmes, Hootsuite CEO
that was amazing! I think you're going to win! :)
whenever I think of Disney ima be like awww LEAH! Lol
Good morning Boss Chick!!!!
We need a door person for tonight. If you are interested please email me asap. It's paid. Thank you!
exactly...."oh lord jesus-aint nobody got time for that"-Sweet Brown's Voice
shout out to my wife and kid, very cool they are, in every way. LOVE YA
5 o'clock where are you ??? I am so ready to get off work !
lol I was thinking about you yesterday. How r things?
sister soo pretty.. she look Chinese tho ijs but dang Romeo how boss man doing?? Your Dad
Speedin to ocean side with my cousins racin crew. Hehehe i love speed
Jeez tonight was awesome! Thanks Norman for a great show, see you all next Friday at the ! We are to excited.
Ok I am confused can anyone explain other than marketing how is groupme different than g+ messenger app?
makes everything better <33
that makes sense, yet r charters really an opt out? or r they a redesign but still public?
That's the Blur album I'm probably least familiar with.
yea its been a crazy couple weeks! lol but we got our heads in the game nd we havent forgot about u! :D
Congratulations NBA All-Star!!!
Thanks for the follow and the useful presentation advice!
no I cant
hmm, yea.. But id def go with brady before manning
Great to see you - thank you for coming out on a chilly Sat morn!
Ugh my brother eats everything :(
People are the worst, we gotta get rid of em.
Just ordered the #BBN t-shirt!
There's something to be said about a kid in demand with a chip on his shoulder and a pen in his hand.
I love Taylor Swift she is my idol and she is also really beautiful and i wish i knew her or had one chance of meeting her <3333
it's not quiet enough for him.
Today in Literary History: On April 6, 1942 Barry Levinson (screenwriter and director known for RAIN MAN) was born in Baltimore.
unfortch he ran outta time. but we should probs make one (or two) for ourselves. #yolo posters are never not necessary.
": Ewww yucko RT : Vinegar...(apple cider.another weight loss remedy! >>>hahahaha...im game for almost anything son
Lake Lure for the day, then something fun tonight...
10 grades that swear there better at everything! get over yourself
Colder than Ever.
Thorndike: "[the Experimenter] is NOT the traditional image of cloistered scientist working in isolation"
i bet yr wife could knock you out wit a kidney punch but yr right tito needs to retire after that poor showing
: Thanks for the retweet! :)
Ha! Just for that, we're sending $10 in driving credit your way.
Check out the Michael Thomas Quintet tonight from 6-9! Cover is only $5. 400 I Street, SW.
its humorous to me to see kids on my campus peddle really hard on their bikes and barely move lol
thank you so much for the follow back<33
Would you say that applies equally to library tech confs and traditional library conferences? (or some other field)
Chef Olivier-Hope u will be joining us for our Chefs Hall of Fame-Baker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday. Call KC at 8586344410
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy. Showers. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 90 percent.
Cool story bro.
"Monday night raging! Smoke that weed! No class!" It's like they're typing this for me.
Yes, literally, the poor lady was running with the train, arm flailing, while people tried to get her out. #mbta didn't stop. Scary!
Need to not worry about a decision I don't know if I need to make yet... But it's hard
yea, what's up?
I am stoked to be apart of two webinars with Casting Directors. Come join us over at ! Be seen by CDs without leaving home!!
I just got it last night ... Haha
Still needs to do my Christmas shopping:/
Yup. You got me. That's EXACTLY what I'm saying.
Many shows coming up. Who's interested?
the best part about is not realizing it's you.
Btw I'm of the belief the Root Beer Float is among the most underappreciated, undermarketed treasures on Earth
Very cool! How'd you work that deal!?!?
Eeewww! Seriously? That movie title alone makes me wanna throw up! LOL did u c the south park episode "human cent-iPad?"
It is Monday, and Carson still hasn't turned in his essay.
I told you! You better thank yo sistaaa x)
Life's too short to stress. Just do you and let God handle the rest.
I'm really enjoying basil in my eggs these days.
😨 Chanel is beautiful too but I never thought this day would come
At least my company offers iPhones for corp use! #aheadofthecurve Maybe I can use my $86/mo saving for flight lessons - (won't cover it :p
Living vicariously thru the updates of friends #Dinah Shore & ImSl. Different ends of the Lesbo experience & both full of debauchery :)!
Lmao I know I did
My love gave a homeless man $12. As we drove off she started crying. I asked why the tears? She said, "Cause I wanted to give him more."
ActionCoach provides 5 lucky entrepreneurs with one FREE coaching session. Register today!
usually don't follow big brands but the profile made me smile... and who can resist chocolate vodka?
No we won't be going, to many family plans. Will you be going?
We R making R way in the market... check out our cool gift ideas at www.giftideashoppe.com. Pls take a sec & like us on our facebook pg.
Hello, Just to let you know that we sent to you some possible interesting informations, but it seems it has been discarded in undesired mai
Right, maybe that should be clearer sooner. I'll think about that if I get around to a "how-to"
Getting ready to rock out some
Seriously! I'm tired of watching people walk in my sightline every pitch.
There is never any hurry on the creative plane; and there is no lack of opportunity. -Wallace Wattles
Hi everyone! Today wasn't as bad as yesterday! My stomach didn't hurt thank god....but my head did though but its gone
Always pleased at #Ruthschris restaurant. This time in Grainger. Thanks to Kim for a nice evening. Think I'll do a review while here...
I M HVMNG trouble sending messages. What do u need me to do?
Thank you so much. It is wonderful to have her home and seeing her doing so well. This is truly an answer to prayer.
#Amendment1 makes me ashamed half my family is from North Carolina.I'm sure the entire state isn't hateful bigoted rednecks.Just most of it.
“: I am discovering that I might be a "people person." oh crap.” Meh...you're alright, I suppose.
Gorgeous day! I want to listen to Kenny Chesney and Zac Brown Band all day ☀🎶
Don't wanna read too much into it: but when you get suspended and crash your car into a tree in Portland -- not a good week.
I thought had #TheVoice on lock tonight and then Juliet comes out and totally slays
We're setting up cube space within the Indy Mart. Part-time access @ 0-very low rent available soon! 1st priority to community non-profits.
Great seeing you, too! I'm glad my "sugar packet American caucus process" demo was helpful! And, thanks for the blog-writing tips!
friends don't care if you live in a mansion or a cardboard box. as long as you got food, we'll be set :)
Graduations come around I now have a new piece of paper to hang on my wall! Best of all, NO MORE MIAMI DADE COLLEGE! :D
put something like: press follow and i'll let you touch my butt. ;p
Yeah I am not a fan of OKC and their goodie-goodie media narrative. I think if Lakers don't get them SA will.
*just died* xx
Don't you people ever get tired of looking exactly like each other?
Fork me, that's a hat trick! Well done, Red Devils!
Great on burgers too, our 15 flavorful dipping sauces including black olive mayo, cheddar cheese, ancho chili and Jack Daniel’s ketchup!
working, writing, swimming, rowing, reading, smelling, tasting, feeling....
the good life having nights off. 👍✌
If you would create something, you must be something.
Relieve your Tax Day at Sierra Gold. We have a cold beer waiting for you!
Me 2! Where u playing ?
Did you enjoy FREE Breakfast Week? Would you like to see it back again? We'd like your feedback.
RT : #Energy-Saving Tip: Use three-way lamps. They make it easier to keep lighting levels low when bright light is not necessary
Bread! passover is finally over
hm, maybe this joint is too high class. the toilets ARE indoors, here.
I feel so bloated rn.
If a man ordered pink lemonade on a first date, ya I'd question his masculinity
Once again Angels and Airwaves put me in a good mood. :)
The verdict is in. Bad hard drive.
i want informations :D :))
is amazing <3
Heard a new term today... Ladder faculty
Friday is here kids!! What band or DJ are you psyched to see this weekend?
RT : RT On average, women walk 3.7 miles a day for water around the globe.
Drowning is the leading cause of death for children and adults with autism
American Idol Power Rankings: The Final 4 - The Hollywood Gossip
Happy weekend to one of my favorites,
Thanks for joining us, Melanie!
Thanks...last I looked it was like 4 likes strong :)
lol I don't know but I wish it was saturday to find out hehe
He obviously has a crush on u. D'oh!
RIP Adam Yauch - you take Nathanial Hörnblowér with you and leave us with anthems we'll sing forever.
lol tell your mama I said happy mothers day yellow
love Marc Cohn's music and your books, great combination! Keep up the good work!
im here in AZ for the glendale game... game starts at 11, and i hope 2 snap a play at 12
anybody dig Disconsolation?
Major Hot Songwriting is ALWAYS on the Menu, who needs some!!!???
And Paxson & that guy who shot airball for NC St in '83. MT : there should be a wing of the HOF 4 players like Big Shot Bob Horry
yooo give me my headphones
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Prime seats for the game!
When you're choking on something and everybody just stares at you instead of helping...
Love David Gergen on CNN
Thank you! We appreciate it. RT Thanks for the follow. Keep up the amazing work you do for our community.
Losing your id but driving an hour to get your passport so you can go out last night... Winning
it's the same guaranteed we paid Joey Porter a few years back.
what are u up to
it soothens my day out tho
Southern Comfort Eggnog....the best Eggnog I have ever had!!! so thick and creamy!!! got me hooked!!
School couldn't go any slower
Hey you guys should make new colored shirts with the pirate cutlas to match their stacks I'd buy
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
#Insanity is about to go down! Ready to rock out, dig deeper and push harder than yesterday
You should try: tofu burger with brown rice and garbanzo beans ... and don't stray too far from a men's room ...
Before I lay me down to sleep, I am happy that I have a Valentine today. Even if he is Lex Luthor and I hate him sometimes.
can u either give me ur number or we can just talk tmrw... It's kinda hard to have a convo on twitter lol and I obvs wanna know
Just got off da phone w. My babe he makes me feel up wen im down
In math with @
Come correct or not at all .
your welcome(:
two boxes of hot pockets for lunch :DD
do u have a blog post on your session proposal? would love 2 see it
Wish I had my own fucking car.
But first explains the power struggle between the CIA and the Defense Department for control over counterterrorism efforts.
I see you drive round town with the guy I love and I'm like fuck you oh!!!!
probably summer if I don't get a break before brodie
ok i followed ya'll :D
What I would do for more than 3 hours of sleep a night. I don't understand how people live this way!
“: In-N-Out with sister = double-double animal style and choco milkshake = heaven.” NOM. That will be me &my sis in a few days!
& i'm THRILLED to see you have mobile charging devices. one never knows when it might blizzard in michigan. congrats
I don't think so. Seems like the kids knew what was going on and it was a cool project.
RT A good morning to celebrate ‘International Look Things Up In Books Day’
I feel like its gonna get HARDER AND HARDER to get and what to do what to do?
Let God be with me always
LOL still can't believe that happened. I thought it was you coming back from the bathroom but then I saw you in bed... Scary
so far in softball my best hits have been: a grandslam, a homerun, and a tripple! ive been beasting! they moved me up to varsity! <3
made it look too easy
Tonight's bad movie/good beer combo is the much anticipated Shark Night and Great White Beer, a Witbier from California's
Great meeting yesterday with the NMGOP Executive Committee.
I think so..
All the time!! ahahhha
I figure if I get bored, I can always up my distance a bit and go from there :)
you inspired me to live life to the fullest and when I see you skate it makes me wanna try new things so thanks Rob
LOL! Love the
Secondly -- apply optimal attribution model says,
can't. Why?
Spending the day w/ my little ones & the Wii. Gas heat & warm hearts. Looking forward 2 dinner and great company headed over in a few hours.
B.B. Blues prepares to read you "The History of the Apocalypse."
I'm addicted to madmen season 5 I sleep when I satiate myself with enough don draper
That was an absolutely horrid rendition of the National Anthem
Home from my brothers game.
If I'm watching stand up on Netflix and are talking through it, expect a kick in the face from a golf cleat or maybe a snow shoe.
I'm watching Arsenal game. They need to win to guarantee a Champs League spot for next yr
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive. Heinlein, Robert
LSU really should have there defense play both ways... as its there only chance, as there Offense is well Offensive!!!
Prayers for for a fellow IGHR friend, Elmer Spears who was in car accident on way home due to rain. Praying for fast recovery.
I'm buying a house as far away from train tracks as possible
What stops you from living your dreams?
Will do!
#Word2theWise No one will invest in u until U invest in self. Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199 Show the people your serious about your business!
I've always been a fan, myself, of Twinkies. :) Shameless to admit such things, huh.
There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
another day to make reality my bitch.. NO1KARES 2011
We'll see... I wish you productivity today, as well!
Proud father... My son made 2 baskets I'm his game tonight. What an amazing way to spend Valentines Day. Love you B!
Did you catch that at batting practice?! (?!?!?!) (!!!!!) Give Robbie Cano a big hug for me.
coffee, laundry, and homework is what my day will consist of, and I phone call to meine Mutter of course.
will I see you at nocturnal sat?
you should follow cuz she absoloutley loves you
what's that supposed to mean!
": When is coming to Chicago ??"thats wat I wanna kno...Come on to the Chi
yeah.. you cant ever count on a fair fight
OK. I like Tebow, he has heart but enough already!! On to the next thing, we get your point!!!!
As usual you are right on point. Love your blog.
If I knew this was going to happen I wouldn't of been so stupid.
woder why it wont stop raining
#NagAlert Log time please
has T really lost all charac?Tossing clubs and GD's at Aug. Will Aug. tolerate that from T?Pple mak mstks, I can forgiv grow u T
Everything is funnier when you're supposed to be quiet..
This shower is going to feel amazing. \m/
so wait: you're going to suffer... but you're going to be HAPPY about it? (that's a Harry Potter joke) phew. glad it was a success?
You never mentioned you had a prosthetic leg?! All good though, I'm into some weird shit.
Oklahoma man sentenced to death twice set to be executed
When going up in the elevator, do you sometimes feel like you are actually moving down?
needed to better myself as a person
Thank you my friend!
might be a little big for the drive thru...
hahahaha try Deadsnow. Now that's scary...and kinda funny...in a disturbing way...
#morningJuice love who are you and be thankful for what you have...
Look back, remember, smile, then move on.
how r u babe
honestly I don't know - I was largely unimpressed with my initial use and didn't stick around long enough to use that feature
-ima proud thick haired cute red bone ;)
With the President in charge, we're still in Afganistan, Iran, & Lybia..and still unemployed.
everybody retweet. exscept independently wealthy mac types, tho your day, too, will come.
Teachers should be preparing us for finals, not giving us more work... fucking assholes.
yea lol saw it the night it came out
acting douchy is a specialty some would say I've perfected :)
Go Tom! Go #Texas “: Congrats to Tom Dennis from on AMA Volunteer of the Year. Way to represent #Texas #amasummit”
It's the last day of our TBRI training for CPS! We feel so honored to have trained this influential group. Thanks to all who came!
you're a loser for this tweet btw.
There's been published research about the value of blogging for mental health benefits. It's good stuff!
they never cease to amaze me smh -_- (Fox news) Everyone was an immigrant so wouldnT every1 venture4 an American Way of Life *_*
it was great seeing you at 1st Wednesday! And I'm back at The Crossing!
he made it.
BARC to hold 'Cinco de Meow' cat adoption special starting today - Your Houston News
Im almost sangin
WTF I can't sleep!! 😞 and it's 4:18 in the morning
Some where nic martinez is happy as shit so far
for today?
While Ravens fans are cheering for 49ers I am rooting for Ben to light it up and get the W
I think Monday should a national holiday when St. Patty's Day falls on a weekend.
WSWA is now less then a week away. Who else is going?
fruity pebble flavored, or cinnamon toast crunch?
why does mcc have to split :'(
I'll only accept well-wishers who say bye to Kate first. Congrats, and I'll miss you too!
wondering why twitter does not like me, groping for ice cream, staying warm under my mental blanket.
what's the plan for tonight?
Follow fina get this ladies night jumpin!!!
5/13 is my favorite time travel signature.
Playing basketball. Reliving the 8th grade b-team days haha
Steve Williams said of splitting with Tiger: "Needless to say this came as a shock." Going full-time with A. Scott
working on it my friend!
tomorrow is April! tomorrow is me!!!
Daniel Levitan: music and movement create meaningful social bonds. Where would we be without song?
Everybody go follow --------) I'll be following everyone who follows her
#actor doing actory things...
still hasn't texted me. Smh.
oh hero you dirty Japanese dawg.
u no we gon do wat grown folks gon do!
Your Buddy Bike is on the way! Thank you for supporting us!
Holy fuck, I wish I could fall asleep.
lmao. what have you been doing? imissedyou.
For Mark: How cool was it working on Collateral? Didn't you think your character deserved to go out with a bang?
Thanks for the great feedback during the pitch sessions today.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!! Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!
Joe...I think the Dodgers brand trumps all of the issues they have had their for the past couple years, giving the Club value.
freal! Last years show was dope!
A man should cry only when sliced onion ... and not be a rag ...
"Our son is YOUR son." Trayvon Martin
It's thanks hun I really appreciate that, that's why I say a lot on mind
What time does this Royal Wedding start?
TY! Getting ready to board at lax to Dallas. Sad to be leaving, but a very productive week! :-)
oh okay cool well maybe this week we all can meet up and party!
I bet the Miss Pawnee #episode of is AMAZING. #Excited!
How many episodes of 'DARK SHADOWS" the TV soap opera, for 2 tickets 2 'DARK SHADOWS" the movie-premiere! 880.4376!!
thank you so much!!
#hth2012 a big transition going on now. France (LoC) talking about spectral imaging of documents
I was in Birmingham it's fye too.
“: What retirement home you're from/visiting/dying in?” so true! Palm Springs: where America goes to die.
YOURE KIDDING ME BLUES!
New punch bowl poll - 10 outta 10 - Roshumba Williams looks cheap on the red carpet for
Standing at the outlet waiting for tix. phish 2k12 has begun.
But you love me!(;
IF YOU THINK TRAFFIC SUCK IN YOUR TOWN, CHECK OUT OUR WEB PAGE AND READ THAT ARTICLES, THEN COMMENT... -- Baldinger
Thank you!
": If you really support somebody den you not gone ask for free shit, you'll pay if you really support!"
Check out the article on Americans, social media and food from and in !
I agree! Great catching up with you! 🐬
Ok it's late and it's been one hell of a day... Good Night Twitter Universe...
Seem my response to this "Hit Piece" to take vital Autism funding away from vulnerable disabled Autistic adults
That is strange.
Getting all the details ready for 's Summer Wine Competition. Stay tuned and re-tweet to a friend or winery in your area!
Blogging will be a part of the Freshman Seminar experience at Baruch College come fall. 1200 new student bloggers.
MARLEAU SCORES! Ties the game at 2!
Tip4Actors Always list Special Skills on yr acting rez - include wacky ones & languages U speak. Not things uv done once.
Well hopefully we'll be able to come to Jersey sometime this next year and then we can kick it!
Listening to "Speaking of Faith" interview Rachel Naomi Remen (age 70): "We have been living based on fear for a very long time."
To date the social coupons I've put together have acquired 50,000 new customers. WOW!
Hello Grace. Wish I could be there. I haven't seen the recap video. Tell everyone I said "hello".
Olive Garden with and Tasty!
who wants to play GTS ?
Shout out to welcome back to worcester broo !!
Haha I have a lot of posters but it's not like that >.> that's creepy!!
Make today count
why Are you So adorable!!!
The Australian non-profit Illawarra Children’s Services recently changed their name to "Big Fat Smile".
someone was PISSIN.ME.OFF.Someone sang boyfriend and someone else was like basically sayin that he fadedaway and no one caresbout him no mor
You got serious thrill issues dude.
Obama's not "Black Enough"? What do you want? Him to act like a fool and let his suit-pants drag on the ground and Start rapping? WTF?!?!
ermmm excuse me, the definition is tan or orange x) Marco was like "WOOOAH, you were white yesterday and now you're black -.-
I just checked in at Fire Station, Anytown USA (w/4 others). FourSquare lives!!!!!!!!!
I miss you D:
Finally - is ALL NEW tonight on #ABC. Can't wait... my night time soap is back!
you're an alien ...
welcome! But they are quite opposite lol.
stuff shirt pens keychain a poster
Thanks everyone for supporting show on every Thursday!
Oh yeahh. Against Missouri. Well I just like last minute applied there a couple weeks ago so I'm waiting to hear back!
Once you fall just hope for that one will catch you !
Oh ouch. I'm gonna go bowling then be in bed by 1...ish. I plan on returning my book and seeing what other options I have...
What do you think it would take to get Tim Burton to stop making movies?
What if everybody's tweets were just thinqs made up!
Seriously now, does anyone have the EASY WORSHIP software I could use to download to my computer? With my crash I lost everything & need it.
Feel better Alexa!
I call everybody faggots ...oh well
thx. I appreciate it.
You have to become involved to make an impact. No one is impressed with the won/loss record of the referee. ~~ John Holcomb
whatever happened to Steff?
Ah really? :-O That's awesome! How's your classes been? (Are they getting any better?)
