good luck 2morrow to bot u &mstephens7. Wish I were there, but time w family calls. Looking forward to dinner on Fri.
What software r u using when analyzing inside?
What? What's that you say? I laugh more when my friends are around? NO SHIT! THAT'S WHY THEY ARE MY FRIENDS.
Mcniell is reading fairy tales.. I feel lk a child again
Man, it's too cold for my sexy male nurse outfit!
None of my warm weather clothes are "school appropriate."
": Adam Jones with a three-run HR, his second in as many games. Orioles up 9-6 in the 16th." #ORIOLESMAGIC feel it happen!!!
I am posting this before I go to bed. Anyone who comments before I wake up in the morning gets a custom cover photo for $5!
Strawberry Limeades and Cherry Limeades are the best....
you're garbage.
It's hard to answer the question 'whats wrong' when nothing's right.
one thing that makes monday better is COMPRESSION on sunday night!!
Greeting Debby, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
IDK plans soon?
Tell it! RT : If u've ever used a free medical clinic or ate b/c of a school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panth ...
Tomorrow will be my 3rd day in a row at the DMV. How I hate thee.
how did u know I would say that?
Thank you all for the great RTs!
this really sucks doe
Lol I understand he's upset with the wing God it's cool and yea that nigga ate the bravehearts and them tears ROLLED
I can't wait for SYTYCD!
yeah.... like hold the spit please lol
Circulator had to go all the way to 11th St b/c of ambulances and fire trucks on 14th and 13th...the roads are a mess! Avoid if possible!
My dog scares me when she opens my door.
could be putting Sagan into a spot of bother....
I hate how my car is full of receipts!!
BYE GOODNIGHT
yea buddy! That's what I do...lol
Great examples of context selection and UX considerations. Thanks.
To live your dream, you must first wake up -author unknown
m i can't wait..... can i say whips, chains and handcuff
Sounds like a budding opera fan to me! :)
Nice day today! #Denver!!!
matchbox 20 omg. phillip, bles your soul. and voice. and oh dear
Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone) by Glass Tiger! C'mon, do it!
what did they still?
what is
great day to visit!
that's awesome!! “: Just dropped of George Lucas at Aon Center. #NoKidding #DeadSerious :))”
I heard Body by Vi was on the Jacksonville, FL News... anyone got that clip?
With the Munchie Diet I had portioned meals and snacks, so I never let anything go to waste!
Soon its gone be nothing you can do
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker. Apparently, "LUSI.OB" is the stock to be in this week, trust me
But...nice bags are cute. Er, handsome. Whatever, I'm a sucker for a nice bag.
Your body fresh out the shower, you touch yourself after hours.
Hey , is this a book signing opportunity? RT : If you're In LA Come meet me at the Grove tomorrow at 7
... I gave in and got the Pinterest app.
i'm glad u have had at least a slow down :)
i agree .. i never have my camera on nights like this ;(
GO TO BED WITH YOUR SEXY ASS! :)
2,500 pieces of stage structure analyzed by Thornton
Ben Zander, symphony conductor & The Art of Possibility author. His leader definition: Masterful in creating & holding distinction.
I hope that girl from Shaler didn't die. That's scary.
Basketball is like photography, if you don't focus all you have is the negative. #lovethesport 👍❤🏀
ahh.. and good to see that smiling face back up ;)
"Wake up in it.....ain't too much to ask for right"
I am joining ping.fm so that all of my blogs, etc. are up to speed... :)
You'll do great, lovely!
Also big thanks to
Yeah, now!
rachel, you're so lucky! nicole, that's a joke, right? i'll miss her cute lab coat though!
I can't wait til Westy 12 is available here legally. The last bottles I got on eBay were not near as good as St Bernardus and Rochefort
Up next at #cnxcon: Panel on Breaking OER into the Mainstream with , Orange Grove Text Plus, and TX State Board of Ed
I tweet u waaaayyyyyyy too much . . OHWELL !
Rick's is a bit over run for me.
missin your soul!
haha it's a great feeling
#Confession, I did not watch the Oscars but I did read my twitter timeline so I know everything that happened and agree with you all.
It just makes me cry. OMG NOW SOMEONE IS SAYING IM GAY CUZ TWITTER IS GAY :'(
It's been an absolute pleasure but I must call it a night. See you tomorrow.
Hope he never auditions for the part of an English-speaking character.
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
I would rather see Julian Miller.
Booked for a flight to Portland then driving down to Eugene with Now I'm bored in SF airport for 2 hours.
Says: How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.
I feel so free right now!! I feel like a big weight just got lifted off my shoulders it feels great!!! :)
We feel we'd look great in the original batmobile. Fins become us.
Keep it up
u welcome. (:
She told me to take care of the office *scratches head and looks around* shitttt I hope nobody pop up in here they gone b real disappointed
I hate last minute planning...
When did freedom become a zero sum game? Not like it's a limited resource. Allowing others to have it doesn't take yours away.
#oomf is so friendly I want to meet him in person lol
#Cuse getting some ticky-tack calls. You hate for refs to determine a game like this
are you home?
Caps win! Game 7 here we come!
Wishes that , , n would follow me.. *eyes shut tight, fingers crossed* :)
Just dropped by the booth at #FAIAC11 - Proud to do business with them
Goodmorning Tweeters. Have a great and blessed day. I luv yall :)
im starting dance classes in the summer(; can I get a good luck from u?
-Great stuff. Thanks.
was with Tim Armstrong and Engine Room all morning...new Jimmy Cliff album really coming together... new music very very soon...bad ass!!!
Where does the time go?
For sure, Brandi. Life is definitely about taking on new challenges that lie ahead.
What is cinco de mayo
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates :) Please keep me in mind. Thank you
i'm like half way done. Mine is going to have a lot of highlighted stuff that's been changed...
which she was able to do b/c she wrote the HP books under a contract which made no mention of ebooks.
Waching the movie red.
went to sleep at 7pm don't know why.! this is awkward
I think I'm drnuk.
I find when I'm trying to write is the same time I get the most sweeping done.
#UConn. Big game tomorrow boys. Lets take care of the Bison and see what the 3rd (2nd) round holds for us.
See thats why your a playa cause u play with ppl
Thanks for the #FF!
Interview with Stanford tomorrow. Nervous.
It's going to be a tough day. The library is HOT and it's only 8:15.
awww i didnt keep to see it :/ ....
War Horse is basically Cold Mountain with a happy ending- and horses.
Yes Quiz three is today. Then the class will work on their #Weebly blogs and pages
8 mile bike ride from today's track....
blocked at work, so I'm trying out & email/im tasks are das bomb. I can email library reminders and sync to my gcal!
good luck!
Keep drinking!
Inpsired by #TeamGleason proud to be a
Very Nice!
Every Washington Nationals fan's gonna doing the "Riggel" in honor of Jim Riggelman's excellent job with this team
Yeah, I don't think that was necessary for you to call me a "white bitch"
I want to maaaarrry rondo
Research design, when you get right down to it, is kind of like making a mixtape.
Request a double-shot of The Destructions tonight on 102.9 the Buzz at 25859 and start your text with WBUZ!
Yay! My first $5 Amazon Gift Card on
turn me on- norah jones
One Headlight- the Wallflowers & Runaway Train -Soul Asylum ;)
Submit your wine labels now to contest to enter. #free to enter! Winner to be announced at the 2012 wine comp at the RB inn
Hahaha I will try :)
note the passive aggression tho!
RT : That lighter bat is doing Soriano some good, eh?
no ma'am, why?
thank you #fritolay customer service!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
Rangers try to close out Capitals; Ducks re-sign Saku Koivu (Playoff Puck Previews) (Puck Daddy)
There's a huge difference between "making good time getting to work" and "being ridiculously early to work". Sometimes traffic fails you.
Today is a reggae kind of day. <3
Thank you God
Just booked reservations at for #chicagorestaurantweek. So pumped to try The Resolution! Tonight, David Burke's
Just walked down the makeup aisle in Walmart to look at an Emma Stone ad
Thanks twitter for unfollowing people I want to follow and weirdly following people I would rather see play in traffic!
MTV on demand launches in the UK, now everyone's got a 'banker' for those cold ... - Engadget
Great News! RT : At #onceuponatime #wondercon panel, executive producers say the Huntsman will reappear in season finale.
Thanks for your help with my password today. Sorry for the meltdown. You are the best!
It exists and it is it is INTENSIVE. Turns mild mannered gentlemen into booze swilling assholes.
great job and
If I don't text you back it's cause I don't really have my phone right now, but I will later lol
Nah!!!! He's hella cool. He's young and on the rise in his own practice. Something I look forward to.
Rackspace has been helpful for says
Crazy play of events tonight! Sorry , love you man!
I hope so! Because I wanna come and see you!
Um that dog is nothing short of amazing Jen! U should bring him to practice one day haha
I've updated my end.
I dont mind the hate... do what you do cuz Im loving my life and apparently so are you .
Austin bound for work with
hit us up at ! we will see what we can do!
it gonna be a great event
No work not sure what to do tonight.
EVERYONE DONE PANICING YET
Ppl who got an STD and still go out scoutin for meat
Last night was a party, today is #NewComicBookDay. There's so much to buy!
We're picking sides now? I'm ok w/that as long as we're also cheering for the guys in crimson & cream. Go IU!!!!
thanks for the shout out
I wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me.
San Diegoan? What is this Anchorman? Welcome to America's Finest #craftbeer City! Cheers!
Haha, very tempting. What channel?
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are :)
were ate you from?
We love the Yellow Belts and Loaded Nuns
Goodnight<3 today = [:
Starting today we'll be open from 9 AM – 9 PM. If you have any questions feel free to post them on our wall or give us a call @ 619-800-3873
okay like bel-air cantina quality.
Call back for national Nintendo commercial went great!
I like the Foaming Hand Soap best.
Ok. Startin my New Years Resolution early.. Going walking # KIT!! (Keep It Tight!!)
just living it up!
Thanks for the new follows
PRESENTATION WAS A SUCCESS! :D The prayer really did help a lot! I thank God for humbling me when I started!
RT : The geography teacher says that her globe means the world to her. :)
lmao. i hope it dont get worse:,(
": Also, I'm screwed if Duke loses. #theywont #ncaa #goduke" just lost a finals team myself...
SALTY FACE
Tweet tweet .___.
We tell people to hide their relationship status if going through a breakup. Who wants to deal w all the questions and drama?
good morning what up with a follow
I really don't want to go out tonight. Like ohmygosh! Just let me stay home and not eat a burrito!
thanks for the RT!
In honor of my favorite Saint and wknd only my tweets are open for the world to see. What a special treat.
Twix; really just a couple of cookies.
RT Gotta be one of the best of Day 2 then, going from 211th till 3rd on chipcount. -- Day 2 is my speciality :)
www.jcrew.com 3 days only. EXTRA 20% off sale + FREE SHIPPING on any order of 150$ or more "EXTRA20" @ checkout! GREAT sales!!
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Young girl, Doing What she Want Cause She Can
My hearts heavy but my lips are sealed. My eyes watery but my lids are shields. I wanna speak but the words are gone. Timeup no life im gone
sfjazz collective debuted 4 stevie wonder tunes at portland jazz fest last night -- my cherie, do I do, visions & superstition. sf next!
I think a man just tried to throw a trash can at me.
Today is already long, I wish I could spin the earth a little quicker to start over 2morrow
Lots of great presentations on tap for Monday's 4th Tech-in-Ed Conf. Including from & more!
I guess I never meant anything to you...it's great feeling like you've been replaced.
That's an idea...thanks! You in, ?
Blessed to see another day..
oops, got caught.
I need love on my work twitter account so please follow me at
follow back sexy...
Three young teens playing violins and a cello on the corner of 5th & Pine. Stop by! They sound great!!!
and a partridge in a pear tree enjoy
Let's have a party!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is someone to truly love her.
Buy me something nice!
That answers my question. Thanks!
decompressing from doing a five minute talk at an On Purpose Networking for Women meeting. What a rush!
it looks likes the image you click to see if you have more emails on mail for mac :P people still use ones made of paper.
I don't need another heartless misery.
Game 2 is Monday, Game 3 is Wednesday. Any preferences? I can do either, but'd be there a little late Wed.
You need to get out of the 'burbs and come hang with the cool kidz.
oh thank you! I had a hand in the design.
not asking enough questions and not listening
I LOVE that song!!!
I just want to stay in bed, and not deal with the world, I know whats out there and I think it's boring.
good however dinner remains my fave meal there although I saw a fried green tomato BLT on lunch menu...M.
#TrayvonMartin outrage seems to be worse than #TroyDavis and growing more each hour
Hey thanks for participating in our RT shirt contest!! Keep the RTs Coming for
Star Wars Day isn't a celebration for everyone. My father was an AT-AT driver.
Haha! Yeah it's kind of hard to study now since we're both listening to sort of sad songs b/c of THEM! Haha! These boys....
They're remaking Carrie and Little Shop of Horrors? Is there a #movie they don't plan on remaking?
The opposite of love isn't hate or indifference. It's interpersonal politics.
I have to say this one has piqued my interest as well.
I'm going to guess Arby's
Just replaying last night LOL had a ball with my husband at the club we be on 1 RT I love that man that's my sexy face!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
thank you so much, I will. You're a sweetheart!
Lmao Peter preaching
Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards Sept.10. They are going fast.
Facebook got hacked. -_-
You are a great couple! and you are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
A #dramafree life can be heavenly.... A life #fullofdrama can be
Lmao I bet he been waiting
Great New York night... Staring at the Manhattan skyline before seeing Karen O & Adam Rapp's rock & roll opera baby at St. Ann's Warehouse.
#museweb Opening party last nite. Talked w/curator about '13 exhibit on 'memory' Suggested we do a website discussion on What Do U Remember
Its official, were all ready for the hurricane here. Didnt get evacuated here so hoping it wont get too bad.
Morning work out tho its freezing out.
Bridges bring people together. Uhh from different sides of a river
Thats That Trill Shit I Be Talking Bowt,Bandana Tied To The Side Like Tupac,Its That #ASAP Life,Its That Trill Wave,Get Ur Surfboards Ready.
Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing! Love them all!
I wanna go home, watch movies & cuddle
Went to get my new registration in the ghetto by accident
R.I.P Whitney Houston, I just saw You in Beverly Hills last week..
...that's why I love HPN. In & out. Travel safe. ;)
listening to a pandora mix station and getting some killer surfing in on the wide world of the web
God Morning everyone :)
I know u love me too,sweety))))
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. - Buddha
Today's #FreeDrinkFridays will be announced at 4pm and 7pm. But there is a new twist.
Bless you, and congratulations! Monday I will be bringng home twin new "boobies" :-/
Ride it out, ride ur it; Work at back till u tired out.. Roll at weed, den fly u out. Taste at lean when u kiss my mouth..
Miss one Ty Lawson..
Explain to me why I should explain your grade to you at all, much less in detail.
OK, she wins Twitter RT OMG Phil Lesh (Grateful Dead) just stopped by looking for me 2 give us tix to his new club
Q from MKE: If Glenn could move permanent public artwork to London for the #Postmodernism show, which work(s) would he select?
seen you on The Ramp webcast tonight!
Aw I missed my puppies! I'm bringing them back to NY with me shhhhhhhhh
RIP Coach Joe
Sebelius praises and at #WON12: "It’s changed the conversation about health and fitness" she says of initiative.
Goodnight twitter....well actually good morning :)
Talking about redevelopment reform at the NAIOP legislative committee. The question is can one large agency function effectively?
you stink and I don't like you ... who knew it would be wrestling and not rampant liberalism that would be my tipping point
good luck 2morrow. Brush the haters off. Do your thing. I'll be rooting for ya!
Guys with green or blue eyes >>>>
yes! All safe & sound!
Im a start a riot im a start a riot lame nigga be quite
You know Life is passing you by, when it waves at you then flips you off, as it speeds by you. ~ Lisa Morgan
GOOD LUCK! what did you think of Antwan's video?
"Investing in online video is no longer optional," says Digitas' Stephanie Sarofian. "Today's viewer is not just passively sitting and watc…
Don't miss the grand open opening of the exhibits tonight at 5 pm.
See that small figure under that giant bus? That's me. Thanks for throwing me under. Dicks at work
Apparently now being a nice guy and being polite means NERD, GAY, LAME....WTF!!!!!!!!!!!
Vertiginous gray wall of stadium steps so Escher
Google Drive: Hybrid of Cloud Storage and Cloud Computing - Huffington Post (blog)
call me if you need a fix, call me if you need a boost
That's a good idea. I definitely need to be more selective, and whittle.
We made sure our dJ played that song at our wedding. One of our favorites.
Thanks, we're planning on it. You do the same!
Health starts with a happy family, take some pictures and use the excellent to put it on your wall!
Cut looks like +2. Choi and Casey will both miss it
To the Rama tonight w uncle Shawn lol
For those #vikings watching the #mnleg - seems that the GOP isn't going to vote on a stadium, and is now taking tomorrow off.
who doesn't though..
excuse me, are you going WITHOUT the milkshakes?!
Gotta love the #NBAPlayoffs ": I love the playoffs"
ha ha ha. I know what you might have meant. I thought it too! Was just messin. Know you are class act :-)
For some reason, my doctoral hood is white & not the usual blue today. Wonder what checkbox I screwed up on when I reserved it.
haha #truth I got pretty good with it back in the day
New West Summit Oct 16-18 at World Market Center downtown would be a good for photo ops
My mom is so strong! She's grieving her fathers death and still puts on a smile. I just wish she new it's alright to cry sometimes.....
im ok. you?
Bella Vita indeed. Bad tattoo to get when your kid is missing.
Hope you've had a great week! It was so nice to meet you at our open house week.
Shake up your Saturday with one of our shakes, malts, or floats!
Yeah , maybe if you say it enough times you'll make yourself believe it lol
saw you were with some of the boys tonight! Coming back to NYC tonight, let's kick it this week!
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars are a bunch of retards. How the FUCK could you release David Garrard and start Luke McCown??!! Fkn...
#NP I Just Wanna Say by Israel Houghton
You get free pizza... I'll get stuck with the bill! All good.
Wont pay the poll tax...i mean the toll tax
headache and it sucks i hate school so friggin much wanna go home
because you are just so old.
"Be mindful of what you toss away, Be careful what you push away, & think hard before walking away."
Thank you!
LOL is getting ready to lob a few disruptive bombs at us folks. Here it comes :)
I'm good...lots of schoolwork today :/
Tweet what's up?
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century. —Dame Edna Everage
Maybe you make up your mind who I really am
A few, but most aren't of legal age!
the other isaac said that :o hahaha
“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
Back home in Denver and glad to be back in my own bed!!!
The look in someone eyes can telk u alot bout wats on they mind
weeping of him!
I remember when I use to POP BUBBLE WRAP.....
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride. ~ American Proverb
Will Vermaelen receive credit from OPTA for a goal-line clearance on that block of RVP's header?
love the bright new orange twitter logo
Their parody shows never disappoint. Troy and Abed playing good cop/bad cop was particularly spot on.
Happy B-Day Weezy.....F....BaeBee we love yhu
Drunken Sunday with your bffs is the way to be!! where are you!??
thx 4 following! Dancing is a favorite past time! Dance dance dance dance dance!!!
you don't know me by TI
Shake Ure butt, shake shake Ure butt.
“: If she can roll, wife that bitch.” ;)
Very tired. I pushed myself all day yesterday so that I could finish the articles and post them online. Will need to rest a bit now. Cheers!
#itsTimeForYouToRealize you suck at lecturing and your teaching total bullshit
that your blonde and not red
.RT : My favorite sexual euphemism is from Dante: "And they read no more that evening . . ."
So is da daddy of LaQuiesha
#Team - I really do all this work by friday to graduate.
if the flickr image is locked, use chrome & rightclick/inspect element to find the JPEG URL.
Wishing every mother a Happy Mother's Day.
teaching myself PHP my head hurts from bouncing it off the wall
please follow back :)
#20ThingsAboutMe I love the band sleeping with the sirens
Bout to get these children in bed....hurry up 9:00 pm
Photo #follow Photo
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. -Apple
Just saw on Nip/Tuck (watching series) OMG WHAT an AMAZING actress I totally believed she was a redneck! could be family
Seriously feels like shit. Yay to strep throat. Not.
RIP headphones #5. If you want them, I'm pretty sure they fell out of my pocket on highland.
Well, a big LOL @ us old guys last night trying to play ball against a talented bunch of kids in Fort Atkinson. Not an excellent showing.
Hey - if you change a reg to 'reject' should they disappear from campers page?
shout tout to my homie wrddd upp she been the homie for a min n been supporting much love homie
Wishing you the best. Little Harleigh is doing great! Thanks for asking. How about the latest addition to your family?
Between Liberties & Omega Love play club cafe at 10pm ~ new tuned, new lineup & an accordion!
No biggie keep grinding! RT : wow what a nice thing to say! Thank u!
Hey Sumner. was gonna ask how your Moms Day went but didnt want to assume you had children.
when are the tickets for chicago going on sale??!! Im dieing over here!(:
lol xD but....... That's a epic name I guess
Gonna go hit up Green Dove and see how those OG's stack up. Can't beat buy one eighth get one free of equal value. 7 g's of OG for 60. Irie!
Agreed, dude. I hope they do.
a perfect day, for the perfect couple...so glad to share it! : )
#CongratsOn3MilliomLiam :D WOO WOO we did it!!! Love you daddy direction <333
RT : Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
Derby....ya got me
Right now I'm reading The Orphan Master's Son by Adam Johnson. So far, I highly recommend it.
Need a cup of joe.
Jersey Shore! ;)
Not sure if there are any other #mls clubs that can say their head coach came to watch the 2 FO teams face off in an indoor match
Dear GW Parkway, Why must you be such a fickle, schizophrenic a-hole? And why did you save your worst for Friday?
:l I can't find no movie to put me to bed either... The last one was crazy AF... Hellpp!
did I ask you if it was on point? Oh Kay ....
Up preparing to head to sound check.
Oh Cinco de Mayo! Glad we fought the French so I could drink some liquor!
Aww, thanks for the shout out. You're the best.
omg i'm crying !D': poor little girl <|3 i feel bad for her !!
Great, thanks!
My Mother never breastfed me. She told me she only liked me as a friend - R.D.
AMAZING! Congrats!
#itshardwhen the person you love, loves someone else and you have to pretend everything is okay and be happy for them... </3
thanks for the RTs!
yes we do. Cool u wrote back, seriously. I just get fed up with all the celebs .....
you are the sweetest.
Damnn u caught me lol...how about i get the name and u can keep the "Works at makin them niggas drop" part
well) thank you!
Lane 6... “: See you on Saturday at the Preakness Mark Teixeira!!!!!”
Wishing the students at Spirit Lake HS a great prom. Please show my cousin Jess a lot of love. She is awesome!
you'd be my favorite person evar!
#BIGGESTshoutout - to all the fans that were always there for him ! #MUCHLove :)
I don't think too long
Oh, for whoever cares about my academic career, I got a 96% on my final exam in History class.
our PHAME students have composed a song we think is PERFECT for Portlandia. How to get it to you for a listen? :)
Today at CPL: Basic Computer Classes, Buying & Selling a Home, Preschool storytime & more! bit.ly/i9lj8C
#20thingsaboutme My birthday Is on sept.8th Passt,giving me some balloons would be great(:
Identity projects today! Happy hump day!
not to be a hater she only talks about life not sluts or make people laugh
Some life. LOL
Anyone else watching the #puppybowl on Animal Planet? It's a little too cute
Classic 'London Meeting' photo on screen for Barbara T's presentation--all here now except Alistair Miles, Tom Delsey, Andy Powell
you jelly bro?:)
Thank you my dear Steven for listening so often!! I didn't know. I'm not mad at all!!!! Enjoy!!! Blessings
"If it doesn't resonate to the outside world it's not going to do you any good to be in your own bubble" - on #
I feel a 2 run shot coming....
Party tonight kegs gettin filled hmu for address 18+
I forgot #teenwolf was coming on today. This show is my shit!
The Turkey Trot Classic will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
man, i'm hungry
Im tired of looking at cars that I will NEVER be able to afford.
Cheers right back at you!
researching mingle from Thoughtworks and contemplating going to Whistler tomorrow
We are so happy you will be joining in the parade fun! #cincinnati #cincinnatistpatricksparade,
Almost done getting the Fall fonts packages ready! Should be a few more days. Will be sold in limited quantities.
truth RT : Reserve game day! ⚽
": I know David West made G-Road proud tonight" Sure did and always does!
Out of the noon event . Worked it to a decent 24000 then bluffed most of it off. Jumping in the 8pm nightly tourney.
I hope this game starts out with an all out brawl!!!! JJ... Kinda....
Nice. I know I'd prefer tix on my phone so I don't have to worry about forgetting them. :) Thx for the info.
Well Happy Birthday! A DH sweep is a nice present.
:-) now looks like i'll get to stay put 4 next year. pls le me know abt cool east coast schls u know abt tho.
Stay classy.
RT : Roaring success to new release by Thanks for mention and #ff YOU ARE MOST WELCOME!! HUGS & Wish you an inspired wk!
I'll be the one who sees a pattern in a horrible crime … not sure I want that skill!
and to top it that.. They have a new record coming out this summer!
RT : -Thank you Cyndi, happy sunday to you & urs as well... Good to hear from you... how is the family
Lol no boots even sleep
"It is only with the heart that one can rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye."
I think the correct response is, "my wife isn't quite ready to give up wine for 9 months yet."
Green bug for kitty, green smoothie for me! :-)
Celebrating the November birthdays of great jazz musicians:
how long till the Tebow to Miami rumors start...
knows how to throw a party - their Magnum Event was a Magnum full of fun and great food and wine - great experience...
I'd go with Ginger because I'd be the unofficial center of everything, but secretly fear I'm Posh and untalented, but just pretty
Don't u hate when u can't sleep? I mean I like literally woke up at 1:00 something in the morning smh follow me and I will follow u back
im seeing you smile still getting butterflies every once in a while, <3
Spoiler Alert: The ship still sinks at the end.
I dont wana go to school because this thing on the side if my face and neck. Its hurting really bad.
If you need a gift for Father's Day, I'll be signing copies of The Bearded Gentleman at Borders on Market St in SF on June 19 (2 to 5pm)
Nothing like a cut from a real barbor. Got nervous when the straight razor came out! Look Sharp! Play sharp! #lehhgo Indians get 2 in a row!
Follow back
Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP
hm lakers again ehh? can we at least give another team a chance. do give props to kobe though... kinda
Do you embed them or just link to vids? How do you embed in GDocs?
Humor: You're doing it wrong.
Going shopping today :D
Congratulations 2 Lab School & Capital City Charter School 4 winning the girls & boys championships, respectively. Great games by all teams.
Eli is the proud owner of a patio tomato plant. Praying he will heed my "don't over-water it," advice and it's fruitful!
Hipster Central/ Fox Theater Oakland. Caught the tail end of Tune Yards. Awaiting St. Vincent to come onstage
*Singing* "It's a beautiful morning! oh ah ah!" Enjoy the day!
Minnesota Senate committee debating Voter ID bill. I'll keep you posted.
Contact me for a complimentary health and wellness assessment!
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 9:00a: Treat Mom to a scrumptious brunch with all the trimmings while dining at the...
Good morning to all the ladies in my tl 😘
go fuck yourself and have a great time doing it, you joyless pig.
laughing too hard. i can't decide whether this is funny or creepy though
me too!
Here's to Karma!
If we don't find harmony in ourselves, how can we spread harmony Tweetahs?
Does anyone know someone looking for summer teaching posiiton? Cottage Grove Parks & Rec (USTA 10 & Under program) is looking
These responses are gutting me. RT Racist Hunger Games Fans Are Very Disappointed (by )
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” --Gandhi (via )
What movie from your generation are you going to show your kids as a "Classic"?
When I look into you eyes, I see something beautiful.. And its my reflection.(;
If you want to know how to market, how to tweet effectively, how to be productive, and other important stuff, #FF He rocks!
You blame other people for the things you do and accuse people of what they are not. What's your problem??
In tupelo about to see the devel inside of me"!!!!!!
I sit here debating my choices:read, finish Yanks game and somehow, my mind sways to tomorrow night's "Swamp People." Go figure
Everybody out there have a good weekend?
Haha we'll see if they learned their lessons from Madrid two years ago.
I want my own kitchen !
I get nervous when my computer asks me if I "want to make these changes" to a document that I didn't change. WTF is up with that?
and remember the babys real name
I need a job cause I need money.
KEEP CALM AND BE CHOOSEY....
oh wow! Sounds amazing! Super jealous!! I def want to go to the next one. How do I register? cc:
I love it when the car I'm in charge of isn't the last one.
Thanks! It was fun! Q&A now.
Imagination helps bring out the realism of every detail and only sees the beauties of the work.
Freaking Gemma have lost her mind! Freaking Tara is wicked!!!
Banaian is a clown.
I can imagine...and ever evolving...
I love you guys! All of you! (: ♡
What's Miami doing tonight ?
I hate it when you search all over for something and it was right in front of your face the whole time!!!!
Ok.... someone out there is using the name Trixzena and Trixze for their World of Warcraft avatar. Is that NOT the scariest thing ever?
Jamming on #guitar today
Hey Ray! The double feature was a success! We are currently working on tracking down 35mm prints for next event.
Cool, thanks Karina!
Its almost t-shirt time lol :)
Depends on the person and the subject...
- Cool. Do you enter competitions?
what are you guys working on?
wat u doing this weekend
Have you heard that Kim Jong il has died?
Karissa - e-mail me tomorrow so I can tell you how to get your tickets...Dave
show a girl how much u dig her by liking a picture deep in her FB pictures. girl i went through all those, just cuz i think you cute.
yeah buddy it will be fun I'm pumped! Headed to go food shopping now. What time you coming down?
I was recognized in a city by a nice girl. That's the price of glory!
“: Power has been restored at all of our schools!” we're thinking electricity, not authority. ;)
4 more days till Christmas Break doin a
Okay guys, heading over to Mom's house now to help her move some boxes. I'm planning on being charming, but I worry it'll devolve. Tips?
they dont have kobe “: *waits for excuses *”
Which will you ignore more of: these tweets or women's reproductive rights?
The moon is absolutely gorgeous tonight.
At work,jus clocked in
you guys are too cute
Not ashamed at all to admit that Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" is my new fave thing.
We'll open at noon, doing free cookies til approximately 8:27pm! Take a lunch break! :)
When you tell your art teacher you hate what you've drawn and he practically draws the rest for you.
Who ever came up with the 80 hour work week needs to be put to sleep.
Definitely positive. You should consider sending that into Thought Catalog, if nothing else.
ha, sorry, i'm not a very good spotify stalker!! & let's hear this reason... i mean, we all know BSB > Nick Lachey & co
good ? study found users prefer social to non-social login. Users forced to create sep logins would leave or avoid site
I thought today's twitter 101 session was: inspiring and enlightening. I already have ideas to apply when I get home. Sweet!
ive nevr had a mess up w/ amazon but I did 2day sent me out a totally wrong item that I dnt even order.Was labeled wrong.
had a brilliant preview of Every Christmas Story Ever Told with & Brian Lange (directed by Kate Jaeger).
Lol i'll eat it by then
I could've gotten an extra hour of sleep.
Haven't logged in here for awhile. Be sure to check out my website www.jamilemcgee.com and follow me!
I-5 NB is already slow from the Marquam Bridge to the Interstate Bridge this afternoon- I-84 to I-205 looks good though
"We need to talk abt our participation in the fine arts." Violinist is bringing music into the community.
Elk Brats today! They're sellin fast!
Don't forget the benefit tablao tonight! 8pm. $25 at the door. All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012! 214 Gold Ave
Yall I have these boots from urban, they're my absolute fav and the back of one of them are talking ! I still wear em though
It's a beautiful warm(ish) rainy day in southeast Michigan today. Go Tigers!!!
Dr. Knox on the stand in child abuse case now, she examined the girl in Feb, possibly malnourished girl gained 17 pounds during treatment
(Missed you.)
RT : "Current tenure system is like judging Leonardo on success of his submarines"
just sent you an email! Xoxo
Campers return to Camp Cheerful June 27th. Thanks for your help in raising necessary funds by participating in the race!
*smashes guitar over head* RAHHHHH!
Waiting for a package. I'm guessing I'll wait around all day and it will take till 6pm to get here.
"He comes to break oppression, to set the captive free - To take away transgression, and rule in equity." ::the welcome wagon::
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Tennessee Employers
Dancing with the stars!:)
#WhyAreYou here: Believe you can and you're halfway there.--Theodore Roosevelt
Reluctantly, I have to admit that the movie #hallpass is pretty damn funny.
gonna go see cute animals 2morrow w/ !
YES! :) thanks boo
New Logo, check it out!
I feel your pain - I tried the P90x today, I can barely move - Congrats on the running!!
"Experience is not enough." Always wear safety equipment.
just saw your parents eating dinner :)
you are my sunlight and my rain, and time could never change what we share forever more.
Hey ....on what planet is direct deposit a "pending transaction" at open of business on a Friday! I'm about to walk folks!
En route home to Seattle for tonight's lecture on Networked Urbanism http:://nowurbanism.org
": What are your plans for this weekend?" Super exited to see in concert...in a hot pink mini dress & zebra leggings
Excited we locked our concept for The Collective Vol. 4. & I will be channeling Wilfred/ Flight of the Conchords
Same. I'd never see it. haha.
I'm pretty sure if people saw the way I act when I'm alone with my dog they would never be able to take me seriously again.
You're welcome. So cool. This will be part of your life always now, & the part they played will make it even more special :)
Happy Friday, everyone! I hope it's sunny and warm where you are!
At Rattlestick for their marathon TheaterJam. Too much talent in one room to tweet about!
#pzs12 starts off with a homework assignment: everyone, come up with questions for us!
seriously cant wait!
RT if you love when Austin says 'thank you' after singing.
lord help us all LOL
see ya soon love. Are you coming to LA this weekend? If so, let's hang out.
Hymn 278 Hosanna, loud Hosanna
alright u got me iam see u couple min BE SCARED
I think our waitress is drunk
Fine, pillow barrier!
I cried so hard!! Great movie but super sad ;(
you too!!
nothing just love our names that's all lol
Aw your so sweet I'm dern fine how about yourself (;
Montana Health Cooperative's Dr. Tom Roberts is speaking on a panel with other recently-funded CO-OPs at the #NASHCO conference.
Just followed! :) I have two browsers open - one I'm 3rd in line, the other I'm 5th. No movement in the past 20 mins. Killin me
Happy Mother's Day 2 all my fellow moms out there that work hard everyday breaking up fights between kids & kissin the booboos that they get
I wound up planting a small cactus in a coffee cup for all who died yesterday. Donated $ in memory of Donna Summer to Ronald McDonald House
I don't think anyone could do that. Try picturing Alan May instead. Haha. Seems to be working for me.
#Redheads, #brunettes or #blondes?
I'm so excited that there were 2 episodes on tonight!!! They were so funny:)
Forget a white Christmas.. I'll take one with lots of sunshine! #chillinginMexico :)
Decided to start my day at Panera in SS. I wonder if will be here later?
It's #nationalkissingday! #Actors what show did you have your first stage kiss in?
Just finished the final edits on Little Miss Lovesick!!! I'm SO happy!! Now must eat. Starving. Wrote through lunch. So worth it! :)
What kind of grant writing opportunity are you looking for? Paid or probono? Where are you located? I may have ideas for you
This is bad real bad, Micheal Jackson. (;
We've got tickets to sit in on the live taping of the Dr. Phil show today - should be lots of fun.
Council members want a moratorium on tax lien sales of properties because of unpaid water bills
For the last day of school today the seniors brought food and a grill and are cooking outside in the parking lot
My favorite week, that week between Christmas and new years eve! Great time to be alive!
Saturday= sleep in day!
wow thanks!
"Don't you People Work?"
#SCCMayor Forum is being moderated this evening by
Cinco de Mayo is celebrated on the westside of every city.
thanks for the website... some great ideas come to mind for that one!!
hey what's your tumblr?
I like it on wii only
building>battling any day.
What am I asking? You're gorgeous. But I'm not jealous because I'm attractive enough to be overly confident. ;)
I've been contemplating that for like 3 hours now. I've got an abundance of energy tonight.
HL7 founded 1987. Do we need more than 25 years? There's business/political resistance to interoperability.
Wisconsin is dissecting Syracuse's zone to a T!!!
thanks! Apologies for the off kilter photo
I knew I like you...
Hanley pounding the ball with his "doubters" bat. I love it!
yes yes it is
you're ma favorite. today was great btw
Strength comes by choice! There is no such thing as a strong person- it's just a choice 2 get back up when you are down.
pw = password (or my cat's nickname Playbsy Waybsy)
♬ Drake - the motto ♬
how r u babes
this is a total blow out tonite. rex ryan OUTCOACHED RT : Brutal, uninspired, play calling for the
Tip #6: “Use the services offered by local and national support groups, organizations, and community outreach programs.
my ipod is locked for 21,773,004 minutes.... and i have no idea how that even happened, i shut it off and no it is locked for 40 plus years
its fucking spring break!
Naz Habitat for Humanity general club meeting tomorrow (Tues) from 7-8 in the 1924 Room - find out more about how you can get involved.
1/2 price pizza and we get free Denny's! It's only the 2nd inning!
still no NYE Plans...so many places to go in ATL and I havent settled on one yet..
Stay fly, Stay high
Right on! Ya'll all three killed it! Just glad I could facilitate the magic! :-D
Buying one new car tire costs as much as a bicycle.
Most not know of the one they call
For everyone who celebrates - We hope you have a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3-day passes to are sold out.
upset as a friend has died and found out via another person who used to be her friend - but no details! some people are just mean.
WHEW!!!!!! I ain't been on twitter in a month of sundays. It felt like a year tho. What y'all been doin? Lol
Is anybody out there?
I'm playing Beastie Boys so much right now.
you are the best. :)
what up I'm out man
Just a reminder, we have SAPB presents 6:06 Coffeehouse Series: Kyshona Armstrong tonight!
thank you buck!
thank you for being an inspiration to tall curvy girls! Learning to love my body.
Amen to that!
Good luck!!
I get to collect my #MegaMillions winnings today! Woohoo! Countless bottles of wine and a beautiful beach are in my very near future! ☀🌊🌴
. - good to chat with you this morning for Was interesting to learn more about Keep up the good work!
Come by Coop's this Halloween weekend, what we've got is better than candy!
I want Vinny at SS. RT : Which pitcher would you want to play a position when Aoki pitches?
The sad thing is, we're falling apart, n I think we BOTH knw it...oh wait srry I 4got ur 2 busy 2 even understand how I feel
GUYS! can someone tell me who Justin is talking about? When he was pissed earlier
"Emotions are like waves. You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride"
lol I've never heard anyone use the word "scandalous" until now xD
Desire is the starting point of all achievement. - Napoleon Hill
What hurts the most is being so close, and losing the time to finally get the chance to be with someone you never really had
Good god some drunk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am. Feel so dirty
RT : Presentation is done. Looking forward to being a spectator for the rest of
That's a good add for sure.
#OnceAponaTime kids were kids, not whores.
not much... I have broken my nose few days ago... I am gonna have my surgery soon. u?
Thanks for the RT love ladies!
and that's why you are the awesome. And all ur bases belong to me.
Lil girls be hating on facebook. Gosh i just want to comment "you think that your so cool cause you wrote this right?"
thanks. Maybe, next year I will attend.
really? why for :(
i second that! Come to pittsburgh again!
I try to keep my composure as best as I can, but sometimes my fists ball up & I can't help it. Having anger is human.
Whoa There O_o
yes yes
you can make it!!!
Take it from me its like magic
Had a delicious and super social time at #TechSocial! Thanks everyone!
Me and kyara were passing "notes" and she called me dumb bc i said hola senortia smith so on the back i wrote leedle leedly she laghed a ...
SHOUTOUT TO THE FEW FOLLOWERS I GAINED 2DAY! THANKS.:)
Wait, what's a lie lol?
I just got blasted by two Twitter accounts that rolled out about 40 tweets a piece, all in a row. Is that supposed to tweak my interest ?
JUSTIN Time (: Oh yeah baby <3
Thanks for following us. As a man, tell us 4 important things that will make you prefer one Spa to the other
thank you shaq!!!!
Thank you so much. What email address should I send a play to you? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
that is simply freakin' awesome colson
I'm really bored in tech Ed but there is a cute substitute so I'm good ;)
Anytime! We are all about safe progression and adaptative programs! Call us for a complimentary session :-)
Wow! love this!
AH were so close to downtown!!!!
I miss my nieces
Thanks 4 all the RT! We appreciate the support. Béllargo Spring Collection coming in April! www.bellargopiarge.com
mT : “: "When teachers are working, students aren't learning." - Dr. Bill Daggett #tlc12”
I agree, but who do you put him on over? Blake?
thanks dude! we've gotta play another show together sometime!
#Reading Saul Cornell's A Well-Regulated Militia: the Founding Fathers & Origins of #GunControl in America. Fun stories about, well, guns.
Van Damme and Dennis Rodman exchanging banter, as awful as it sounds
Going to be at Warner Bros Studios today, working with on his latest music video! Will post a link when the video is finished!
Thanks for the follow Georgie! Onward!
No :-( Im coming to see her
thanks, Love you too ! see you soon ;)
I dont really care
Tks for having me. Wish I could have heard you all, but contact me any time with questions, concerns, complaints ;)
FOUND: Black Lab, male, no collar. If you know someone who lost their lab Saturday in the Renton Highlands/Newcastle area please contact me
Joe went in on Melissa...... LOL
Famous daves. Or the golden corral
haha!! I should have left you a little guide lol. But you know DC, you can show them around :)
jw cus me and at esperanza bonanza she said gud you at home so you can stay yo broke butt at home
It sure would be awesome if Kyle Stanley could bounce back from last week and win this week.
Be proud of your own accomplishments as well -- you have become the NHL's best local-TV play-by-play.
What to #watch now?
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
So, after the devilish trinity of final exams, holiday shopping, and christmas travel, I'm resuming my regular program of #SOPA hate.
I can't wait till this show comes on
I hate dressing up to go out...i just want to wear leggings and my skins tee
Dropped my phone shattered screen!
Sitting in the backyard enjoying the amazing weather! LOVE #workingfromhome :)
first vendor officially booked! yay for ! so excited to work with her and !
RT looking at my thighs , i need to exercise D:
I should've just called him whiskey.
thanks. Just hate when people don't look at the facts. By teh way, are you a Marquette alum?
guys. 10 more days of class. dhfjsdgdhfgdhfd
Do you want successful ones?
love it :D
Zoe u have a great body even better booty I havint seen it in a while haha
i need a new car. i just hate to pay a note.
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST last night was a blast. Thanks everyone for coming out.
I am planning a new blog post. It's been in the works, but put on the back burner for school projects.
Yeah you should. Funny show
r my idols:D
spurs are killn me right now
this computer sucks ass
Learn how to save money online! Learn techniques and tricks to save big online and locally. Wed April 25, 6-7:30 PM, Platteville...
TALK TO ME TALK TO ME TALK TO ME, BAYBEH!
I'm pretending this award was for Cedar Rapids
Austin's coming to Toronto and i live like an hour away from there!!! :D
i was just watching the premier of never say never :') i love you Justin<3
Need recommendations? ;) RT : I vote for happy hour being close to Newark. :) Come on #netDE it's FRIDAY!
I agree with you. Still, it's interesting that researchers want to do this. Driving = independence for many people.
I'm sorry announcer I don't know who Brian meal is you mean Megill?
Great; bring out the voodoo dolls RT : RT : Officials for tonight's #celtics #hawks game are Foster, Malloy and Wall
Haha! Morning, Scott! Will do!
did my favorite married couple end up out and about tonight?
I don't know why it's fun to write and voice teenagers that act and speak like adults. The fun of kids is that they're kids.
#inappropriatefuneralsongs look at me now
true that!
the intention is that the important (and short) stuff will settle in your SM box, the other crap will be in gmail
king mo needs to fight rashad evens.
Timothy Geithner has told President Barack Obama that he will remain on the job as Treasury secretary.
Grand night out with some grand ole pals! Hunter and of course Dirt!
I am so grateful for my awesome mom who made sure my Sunday dinner is done, so delicious! Already digested and time to go to step 2.
Turco called for tripping. #Isles to PP. Penalty served by Shawn Thornton.
My day is made I get to go see my niece Stella tomorrow :D
nice job everybody for being out in Colorado, and at Johnny's, members club, and other places to watch. I went to members club, great time
Now has a limited edition #SupportBlackBusinesses T-shirt. goes hard for the home team! xoxo #twitpic!!
haha :) how are you? is your name pishoo? whats your concentration with AH?
Tahah, how have you been?
You tell me that I'm special to you, that I'm like a brother. But once I turn my back you tell them that I'm nothing.
Just kidding. You know I love you.
ill be workin at Cream again tonight 21+ for v.i.p bottle service & live dj ;) come in and holla at me :)
Azteca with Kevin and Emily!
yeah, risk is a bit much. I didn't have much luck getting mindy to play.
Services Slowdown in US Signals Economy Is Cooling - BusinessWeek
Done with that bullshit, thanks for letting me know!.......
": WE EXIST!!! #WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd!/ YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!! WELCOME BACK!
"Comedy is much more difficult than tragedy-and a much better training, I think. It's much easier to make people cry than to make them...
should have stayed in Austin.
Are you using Papers alongside EndNote or as a replacement? I keep trying it out but I can never fit it into my workflow very well
Newark Travail - We are delighted to announce our Temp of the month Jan 2012 is Elaine Gray
boyha » Blog Archive » Downloads Unofficial Sailor Moon Episode ...
nah never that but I see how it be like
My doggy just farted. He smells like ;)
Follow my music page music coming soon.
Rachel "Brendon your safe this week" Brendon "Thank you FINANCEE thats so revolting
what do you think? I'm not keen. I prefer old fashioned tops with collars. Not v necks.
Why'd you hang up on me? "Because I think you're cute and I get shy lol" haha excuses!
Serena hits 40 in style Serena Williams thrashed Lucie Safarova in Charleston to join an exclusive club by claiming the 40th WTA title of
what kind!? BBQ are my fav.
no you just don't know anything??
Man! I would spill the rest of my yummy iced latte! Time for webinar on Facebook marketing with
Jared Sullinger is jealous of the hands Jones displayed on the pass.
RT : Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy, but I've got friends that love me, and they know where I stand. -Jessica Andrews
But let me guess, the economic crises is the fault of the poor, not the capitalist asses who got bailed out, not the wars.
Family...Happy Valentine's Day. Love Keith
Jealous!! RT : Adele!! I kissed her. On both cheeks. Just sayin'.
thanks Stevie!
Woaw you are more beautiful with your brace free :D *__*
Life long Cowboys fan, excited to hear you speak in L.A. tonight. Hoping to get a pic!
Hi lori! Tues-Sun are best days to come, shops & Cafe are closed on Mondays. Wine tasting daily. Fridays are farmers mkt 9-12
Miami gon win this 1st game...
#uknoyoughettowhen u use dish soap for bubble bath lmao yo I kno u remember that shit when we were lil brah
After driving over an hour, made it to cowboys.
Re: retaining talent in #ElPaso: we need federal leadership that will provide opportunities in our community and for our young people.
change of plan- going to KM level 1 tomorrow morning at 10:00. Might see you in passing. If not, have a good New Year!
Am I out of coffee? RT : What’s an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
I love when I get followers from Japan & Russia etc. I just wish I knew what they were saying
Oka so I got ready a lil too early x nw I gotta sit for ten mins b4 I leave
#WhatIf I can't go to Canada :(
If you did better,imma be really angry.
Yo, anyone of you guys love music AND have money?!?!? I'm not talking a few bucks..
Was it your plan to remove (in my opinion "steal") files off of our computers or was it just an accident?
Halftime, Scott County gets some breathing room thanks to a fumble, 28-7.
Silveira talks about partnerships to increase vocational focus and expand opportunities for kids who are interested.
Add me on xbox :P
Tweeting in both English & French - I'm impressed!
Got some more followers today #ImTrendingNow :)
grrrrrr!!!! I tried... But was NOT successful. I will purchase a week before for a million bucks, I'm sure. Stevie Wonder!!! eek
Erday #wake up bumpin on my #iPod get it on
This year is going to be bananas... No more old me!!!
When it comes to u I bite my tongue to much so u think u doing sum and u ain't shit
they don't need him anyway.
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
my hair is so short, oh mi god.
TDWP isnt. Sad i know:( RT : please jesus let the devil wears prada & a day to remember be on warped tour. PLEASE.
Thanks so much! I am super excited to serve the staff, students, parents, and community of
": Know Yourself. Understand Yourself. Correct Yourself"
that's a big improvement
Austin, duh! Looking at fall. :)
Yeah I know me to i hate favoriting everything
#ifTheyShutDownTwitter I'm still not getting on wack ass Facebook
Are we seriously still arguing about Marriage Equality!? Fuck.
I can't figure out why my canvas is tilted in edit mode. Any ideas?
everything except water! Then you also have those negative calorie foods!
it couldn't possibly be as good as your accounting of it. It just couldn't.
I'm saying he want there with Shaq and se of those other players you named. You mixed the 2008 and 2011 teams together
Ah yes! Look on the bright side. More work = More $ = more fun you can have. Think of the fun things!
Thanks! I'm bummed that I was here for SXSW, but didn't get to do any of the film festival or sessions :-(
Chuck liddell was one of the greatest.
I LOVE TO LOVE I HATE TO HATE, BUT SOMETIMES I JUST HAVE TO DO BOTH
I can get in and out of DCA quick even when I'm driving. BWI isn't bad but I live in VA.
F- Your Corner.. I'll Buy The Block.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! W
I don't want to go to school today.
Spending time with my lovely mother.<3:)
hahaha i love sending you pics! Especially embarassing ones of angel ;)
I can imagine!!!! LOL
my sincere advice to people hiring web designers. Please stop insisting on features that you don't have quality content to support.
Thanks for a great day at the races!
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Indiana Senate passed right-to-work leg., they would be the Rust Belt's first to enact the contentious labor law.
Oh, we're making it! We've got guys in a lab perfecting it even now. It would be perfect for your Amphib ops
im so drunk on love....^__^ <3 #bumping (d^__^b)
I LOVE your new song Pray,it is amazing,n its insipirational,btw i love ur british accent ;) cant wait for ur next song:)
Bought my first tickets of the year for this Saturday! Baseball season's underway...
I'm thinking if #Baylor played #Cincinnati they could save on electric and play the game w/ the lights off.
In NYC waiting for Hurricane Irene...so far all she's done is manage to shut down all of manhattan and sprinkle a little bit.
but i'm a stay in school -__-
thinking about getting my first tattoo in june...
don't miss this!! “: See you icehouse tavern for my premiere #80plates 1 hour!!!”
Yeah, the game is about fun & some fans enjoy it. I've never allowed it bc it can only serve to anger opponents & their fans.
No game today at Coors! We wait until tomorrow.
I'm on a train with people who look like they just stepped out of 1985.
I almost forgot that tomorrow is Bridgeport Movie Day. Always fun!
#iampaula ur so sweet hearted i love how amazing u are an ur just so inspirational (:
If I leave now, I'd be hurt but not heartbroken.
And RT : Twitter is boring right now. Nobody is up except the media.
LOL! Omg :o I woke up so relieved that it was a dream though haha x")
We are looking for people to interview! Any suggestions of people with great entrepreneurial battle stories will be appreciated!
please do!
Now we're talkin music!
March is such a tease.
Started today with great news. :-)
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!!!!
you're at U Florida? what's it like?
just installed Rock Band on our iPhones!
I eat 5 meals a day, live in the middle of nowhere... Wait. I'm already a hobbit. :p
Warmer weather prevails over the Philly area this weekend. Get out and do something fun with the whole family!
I know! I don't understand it. It's like they're brainwashed or something.
Cincinnati is fired up and
nice! I did a 13lb brisket last year in my smoker and it was crazy! Laid low this weekend, lots of outdoor time, grilled a bit.
I remixed yo song
HELP,,,,,,,, What shall the URL name of my business page be??
Empowered, happy, grateful. World, I'm ready. Are you ready for me?
In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I'm offering one free mobile website to the first business that wants one!
I feel like taking 2 pieces of bread & making them chomp together & talk. Then, I will put a smiley face on it! mhm, brilliant.
Saints bounty program. Crazy that millionaires were so motivated by thousands. Like your employer paying you nickels to lie and cheat.
count yourself lucky if they're not throwing furniture out the upper windows. Roma!
semi annual attempt to tell you I bought a sweatshirt in hopes of getting a follow
sit back sit back its the pregame show DADDY! you know whats up
damn i took a crazy shit on my frst break i hope the smell go away by lunch
Without Buzz we don't get radio debut of & Give him the reins 1 day a week
Jem...The Misfits were just a little *too* obnoxious.
I'm mobile again!!! Ah~my phone is an appendage to my body~lmfao ;D so yes, this is a bitter sweet Valentines Day<3!!! ;P I luv u xoxoxoxo
Has been said before, but Nothing Tastes As Good As Skinny Feels ... except maybe a doughnut, or a cookie, or ice cream, or pasta, or ...
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.Leo Tolstoy
I read the article and I am agree it is a interesting, but the comments are even more interesting.
Kyle O'Quinn! On the eve of St Patrick's day!
Victoria Secret doesn't really have any cute swim suits this year..
I know the feeling. My allergies have been causing me fits. I hope you get well soon.
RE: Vedder's album. Pls tell me why you're disappointed. I was thinking of downloading it.
Water, a good book, and private jet so that I could fly off the deserted island ;)
Okay, okay. I'm downloading one of these new fangled "apps" for my phone.
- Love your style!
i definitely enjoyed it! See you soon
I bet her husband doesn't even want to be here xD
reminded me of the dairy at UMD College Park. So I'm guessing that's my answer. About 5-7 miles.
I am guessing either Braun or......Fielder. I guess maybe a Grienke extension.
Bumpin Gin & Juice s/o to the great Cali fool!!!!!
Unfortunately (of course) I start way too late on dinner and will be totally late for our guest
AGREED. they have (had?) a sour cherry stout that was fantasic
well then I trade for a phonex. Your griffin and phonex, now I will order them from the back of the comic book
The fact you're not going to Randalls on Exposition is a travesty.
My man
The Weiner's Circle makes my years of waiting tables finally feel justified.
Thank you so much for the #ff!
-______- cause it is u loser!!
I Think I just got hired.
eq is trying to get at Sahara, trade with Arabia, Niger river, wealth and travel generated by gold, fighting over resources
i guess i just see it as a pointless holiday
Your twitter log is on time. My wife is dealing with Thyroid issues. We going to see a surgeon today. Did you know?
I would if we talked handsome!
You think this just to keep as the 8th inning guy?
Liquor store open?
Im getting a drug test done for the first time...i ate a poppyseed bagel yesterday. I hope they dont thing I use drugs!!!
I know!! I love it!! It gonna be on replay all day long!
I'm bout to stay home.
HAPPY BDAY DR. SUESS! “Think left & think right & think low & think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!” -- Dr. Suess
I keep doing it like its ever gonna change....
If there's anyone who follows me that doesn't have a g+ invite yet DM me and I can invite you.
Dear #NorthCarolina - I'm sorry you could not see past your own closed mind - Better luck next time. Nice Christian-like love for all -
It's that time of the month... That's right .. It's the Saxet Gun Show! Sat & Sun only at the .
i find it amusing how the 3 comments on my 'miley will be loved' video so far talk about miam splitting up and how they're sad. xD
Tom Plantenberg is thanking Phil Vollrath for all the strong and effective public relations by Vollrath Associates, Inc.
New Zion Trio will be featured as the Humble Helping - Sunday Feb 5 from 9-10p on Nightshade @ 98.1FM - wkze.com and WKZE 98.1 FM. FORWARD!!
Thanks for the many mentions Eva, nice to know you enjoyed the presentation. Much appreciated!
I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess.
Way too baked in struggle hall
sure have
Im soo hungry! :/
When I've been a-walkin' down that road, And I cannot feel the wind between my toes Blowin' oh so soft... It's Just Love <333
4 hours til I get to go to the burg!! Time is going too slow!
Hey! I know a group of kinky trannies who are also huge fans of the A-Team. U SHOULD ALL BE FRIENDS & HAVE RERUN PARTIES! pu
The reality is that social media is not the solution, it's how you think about it says
The most essential factor is persistence - the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement t
Do you just have a link for it? Not showing up...
I'm becoming addicted to these protein chocolate milks..super inexpensive, 20 g of protein and they taste awesome.
RT : ah! An actress's life!
Finally, found a young rooster. The hens are being nasty to him, when he dances to impress, but when he crows, they whisper to each other.
My mom makes me so nervous when she texts and drives.
"Ram 'em Rams" - John Marshall HS
Missing out now on BOTH top guys, does KY even have a starting 5??
I hear that lol
happy friday everyone! i'll be adding more photos to the shop today, i'll be keeping you posted throughout the day! <3
9 runs, 3 innings...lets get it.
hey!! yes...love discovering paranormal anything--have you gotten spam-mess. from us--don't click, not sending links-K?
have fun Dan! Look for Amanda Benzine (frmr Wisco staffer now with WAC) she is volunteering at Womens Final Four.
Lately there have been hints dropped that I have not been producing enough baked goods. You all are spoiled. But the goods are coming soon.
For-profit libs: if you have access to LISTA on EBSCO there's a great article "Copyright and For-Profit Colleges" you should look up.
#Huguely guilty of 2nd degree murder.
What can we do
its hot
Just Because a celebrity dates someone does not give the fan the right to Go tell that person To die. People these days. Shees!
Guess i'm gonna eat my pizza lunchable now
“: One hell of a hockey game.” this
If you count every single tattoo individually instead of it being like a package deal thing then I have 11 tattoos.
- All Bad . & If Youu Look At My Cover Photos On Fbook , & Youu Goo Thru Them , You'll See Hem . Its the Black & White one .
#Dodgers have the day off tomorrow, then open up at home against the #pirates on Tuesday at 1:05 PM
HP unveils HP 3PAR program guaranteed to double performance in VMware environments - CTR
Which album? Luv the + RT : The Bad Plus, "1979"
FIRST FOOTBALL GAME SO EXCITED
Absolutely stunned hearing the news that Mariano Rivera tore his ACL. Of all the great Yankees, no one was more dominant than he.
Gotta run for now. Have a great Monday Twitterverse.
good morning !! Have a great day!
delete my old account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you
RT : They're totally misunderstood...they're lil' sweethearts:-)!!! /Sweethearts that give me the chills...and NOT in a good way!
How is Bobby Massie still available? Did I miss something breaking on that?
": I hate it when I am singing a song and the artist gets the lyrics wrong."
I think it's chapstick....
I'm making it a goal this summer to have as much fun as I can!!!!
yup. The one & only time the Spurs didnt show up to play vs the Lakers...I jinxed em! lol was the last time we lost a game, too
Can I please just meet an intelligent type of gut, lol
pacers? Hm
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn�t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
I've always wanted to know what my dogs dream about
Hey guys, it's that time, MIP is happening now. GO request your fav, song! We all know what that is.....
What's a HOYA anyways???
I've been in Chicago for about an hour and 10 min on a rooftop deck looking at the city makes me wanna kick myself in the taint for moving
“: “: =/ It's your turn to 1up me and #kylecartwrightsroommate” 's turn???”
Turn your radios onto to right now to hear one of our favourite sets from Splendour In The Grass by the
Damn people, stop hating on Lisa. -.- With that attitude,
Mutltitasking Hurts Performance, Makes You Feel Better
N e one wanna hmu!.
Jon Herington rocked today. Check out his new album
Taking action is so much more satisfying than whining. I knew this; we all know this. Sometimes I forget for a while.
Good Morning!!!
Destiny is when you find something you were never looking for and then realize that you never wanted anything else.
"Digital curation is the Wild West" for archiving
Who will be the first to register ? cc:
Feelin it in my chest
My sister:I like ur socks sky : my what Me: ur socks Sky:my cocks*looks at me with a oops face 0_0* we all busted out laughing
it's fate. There's no way y'all can leave each other. Ever.
": Every body follow she funny asa, mf nd she gotta shit !!" Lmfao She a Lie She Do.
“: the next Kathryn Tappen.haba” I like the sound of that!!!! 👍
Bears take S Carolina WR Alshon Jeffery
I'm watching what is watching.
Patient education!! RT : T4: EDUCATION! So everyone (including executives, vendors) have same view. Agree w/
It's me, Mario !
Top Rated Hotel in North ABQ. Feat. Free: Hot & Hearty Breakfast, WiFi, Access to , Shuttle to
They all think alike
My body just wants to shut down and go to sleep. I hope that this fever goes away fast!
yeah guys! You really had a great time :D <3
Reading through some of my old Livejournal entries and laughing at the awkwardness of it all.
I tell you these females are so thirsty for my man It's ridiculous.
you guys she is dying and we can't get her a TT you know how sad that is #Pray4kenzieJ do it now please for her!
We hoopin tonight. So, if you wanna lose your lunch money or you and your girl rent money come out.
I'm assuming UT isn't a close 2nd in both categories?
frontrow sports in Vegas We just happened to be there when they were opening their daily shipment the guy was shocked they got any
Authors: Doug Dillon, Jerry Teske, John Tippey, & Michael Scotto will be in the Exhibit hall this morning!
In other news, wine glasses are washed and kitchen is fairly put away...minus some presents!
I want to see Divergent as better than just a Hunger Games rip off, but I can't. Congrats to the author on cashing in now though.
NOT a "Jungle Insider". Rome is good, but others ( and ) are better and I wouldn't pay extra for them.
Good morning, Carina! It's good to see you.
Hasn't - slept the whole way back. Sominex works wonders - I pass out for 7 hours after taking 2. Works better than Tylenol PM
GOD IS FACT, NOT EMOTION
Jalen called , luckily i was woke lol.. He called soon as i woke up
ima get a dog and name him luchiano
Happy Birthday, Mockingjay
Ever wonder what exactly it is that you use foam for? Or what you use to make it custom? Come on in and ask us!
This guy on the radio is arguing about how OJ didn't do it and even wrote about about it. Alright how much did OJ pay you to say that one ?
I know! TMI.
VEE, Please do me a favor and write a Twitlonger to my father about why I should go to the Phoenix show!!!
lmao im not even dat tall
Nope....not talking about the one's who are not already in church! THEY shouldn't be taking "BABY" steps!
So its been 2 days without twitter, where have i been? I got a fb 2 days ago.. yeah that's why i haven't been on here.
city slicking at its finest. xoxoxo
RT : Right and wrong. Don't need a Bible or a code of ethics to figure out some things. We all have defining moments. Seize them.
Change or Die - Post people can't change - Health - Life - Money - Love - If we don't grow - We r dieing slow
ask jesus!
