thanks, mate. Yeah, 5D rules!
RT : “: Follow team take money ” and
How many tattoos do you have and who is on your left arm?
Tweet us a pic of you and your Zipcar. If you see it on the page, you win $25 driving credit - Just like that!
Next week we are starting our annual Academy Awards contest! So be on the look out and let your friends and family know!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Autauga, Bibb, Bullock, Chambers, Chilton, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore, Lee, Lowndes, Macon,
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
What a great combo #Korn #Skrillex #KillTheNoise by request "Narcissistic Cannibal" coming up in 6mins
dude I've never played them before and I'm in love now lol. #epic game
i kno you boutta hit up Earth Sundays wit me and Preme
Ridin around gettin it in the Nightwalk van with ! Single ladies ride VIP
Can't find enough Spanish ladies?
I kinda already am... and I am a guy... :-D LOL
RT : I don't believe in multi-tasking, it's multi-switching between tasks, not at the same time -> tend to agree.
Great article today. Couldn't agree more strongly that it really all comes down to making connections w/people.
Can't sleep. Not happy about this.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
Thanks! How have you been? Thanks for all the photos of the ranch. Can I use them for ?
Im not gonna watch the #Lakers game jus becuz im scared. I jus wanna be away n hear the #Lakers win. Them #Thunders is scary!
Fielding Hills 2005 Tribute and Cab Franc I consider to be dear friends of mine as well...just saying.
JSB: designers see world by action, not just observations; "beautiful integration of hand and head"
Oh mine are usually unavailable emotionally. I tend to like them that way.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Also, working a little harder to found a new company called Nascent
bummer :/ too far :( you should come to the West Coast! Like Washington :)
#ghauslove #boskolove #muchlove y'all ran out of captain?
#nisoEbook LaRue: conversation with piblishers important, get the ePub file. Also distributors so communities can do reviews.
watch Streets of Fire again
i dont care what time it is,how full i am, who im with,if theirs a camel on my back with a knife to my throat, I'M CRAVING CEREAL.
Thanks again. :)
Added 6 supers to hives yesterday. Now we wait for the girls to fill them with honey!
#SharkFuel made me literally bust out laughing. Which busted me as to not doing work...
Yes, also known as the Voodoo Lily, these plants smell like uh... rotten meat.
that stinks
I'v read that one!! i remember the story... how is it going?? Almost done?
Congrats Michelle & Sammy!
No justice for Paige Clay?
no. they're everywhere!
Jameer is just going wherever he wants.
Dog adoptions with the family!>>>
ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
Hopefully luke bryan this weekend with my bestfriends :)
Love #Beer? WE DO! Come in this FRI for #OKTOBERFEST! We'll have discounted Beers and Buckets #ALLNITELONG - Cheers!
Great intro video!
Did you receive my message to you? I am new at twitter?
Dude I stole one a couple days ago from my mom's bathroom. It's called "Taking The Leap."
I think it will surely be her
you're my perfect girl :)
Great pic but where's the Life Jacket?
What's the difference between a lawyer and atrampoline?You should take your workboots off beforeyou jump on a trampoline.
could never forgot all of u. love yall too much :)
Counting down the days till I go back home 😉
#ideachats +1 good topic, grt convo. And we showed those spambots nothing can stop a good twitter chat. Cheers!
Why don't elevators have a cancel button? I didn't mean 2 push that! Abort mission... Nope you can't. Elevators are teaching me commitment.
Thank Paul!! I am glad you enjoy Mike Shannon's and we sincerely appreciate your patronage.
The difference between photogenic and not photogenic solely depends on how good you are at fake smiling
good morning!
Wait, how do we know that Justin graduated high school!? Awww my baby :(
Thanks for the RT :)
Household cleaning: Cleaning black mold and mildew on windows and furniture - Newsolio
OMG. my heart just skipped a beat. That was the PERFECT reply. Getting all my friends to vote for you! :)
Ditto! RT Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
When iOpen a pack Of bread ; iSkip the first piece , cause iTs uqly :P
that person that gives you butterflies with just a look
Just in case you don't inspired me to do a company name change more than a year ago :)
Commerce Department: Orders for long-lasting goods slumped 4.2 percent in March, hurt by decrease in transportation sector and aircraft.
Not sure about PJ jeans I suppose itd go over well w/ the online college girl on the commercial where she brags about wearing PJs to class
They said were talking baseball u can go eat or somethin
Appreciate ur passion on the matter. Would love 2 sit down w/ u sometime 2 chat abt diff approaches to SM & abt our strategies.
I know. But if I'm R, I say (every third game at least...) tough shit, country boy.
Glad you found a solution!
totally just woke up from a dream where picked me up in his race car, and we raced around the world in it:)
Love her and Octavia Spencer!
Give me everything tonight.
Prob. doesn't help that I'm writing about travel and I've spent 15 min looking up things I love in Paris.
yes :) can't wait!
I read it but idk what you're talking about
Aww I really wanted to see No Scrubs :( But I Love This Video Yall Did Great! ♥
Hey will you take me on a date for my eighteenth birthday? :)
Rebuild a progressive movement ready to mobilize quickly. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Going to a Mexican singers concert tomorrow 2 get out of class thank god for google translator or I wouldn't no wtf that guy will b singing!
you can never miss things that was reality.
What #occupywallstreet is missing is a "We Shall Overcome" Music to unite, inspire and galvanize
That BBQ Chicken pizza I had last night is killing me!
Ch. Blow's article on Trayvon(NY Times today) is unbearably sad: more than the heart can bear. We need a new T. Martin Foundation
That is both ridiculous and beyond awesome.
Someone tht dont needs me but somehow we have each other is someone I want...
looking forward 2 meeting tomorrow - coffee or tea for our 830 interview?
congrats on your emmy nom producer
Thanks for sharing your post on Diane Di Prima.
I love you!
Cats by 7.
Thanks for the reassurance. I'm pretty well backed up but I really can't afford a new laptop right now.
...for sure...lets connect ..I have lots of pic to show you..we had so much fun!.
Is there a method for # of boards, # of pins/board, order of boards and cover images?
I can't ever wear khakis without feeling like a dude or a mom.
They better change their marketing mgr! The 3rd that was advertised in trailers is not the movie they gave in theaters.
Ugh my sinuses always messin with me in the morning!!! -_______-.
Not that I necessarily agree with their point. But it's what they're referring to. Lol
BRO YOU HELLA DOPE FAM I JUST DOWNLOADED YOUR MUSIC BRO KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK YOU GOT MY SUPPORT
Starting the rumor that The Garden District is the "new" Bay View.
Taking care of my poor sickly !
scary stuff. Thanks to the officer on alert. Thank God no one was hurt.
@ Everyone Lit-Related Who's Following Me: Can anyone name me a book that's about fatherhood? Not about being a mom, but being a dad.
Watching BET w/my little cousins (:
nice but no bar here so I have a 12 pack next to the lobby "business center" that has bess the friendly dog
The perfect marriage! We will explain next on Juleanne Hobach with joins us.
Helping hunt for ideas for at
#jealous Girls >
Greenlight Fund puts Single Stop on a Boston castle!
Good guys win! Rangers 2 Senators 1. Beyond happy right now.
Got a sweet discount code from a guy at Zappos and ordered 2 very different pairs of grey pumps, MAYBE 1 to be returned ; )
Just saw an excellent pair of Business Shorts©
high lol same to u and how was urs
ugh I don't think so
relief....2nd base....lloyd too IMO
hey miss ya
No but seriously I don't get it.. He doesn't like their hash browns cold.. After 10am.. What is it?
It is!
the round red fox hopped over the tired dog.
Gotta root for Oregonian Kelsey Campbell she's on the USA women's wrestling Olympic team! She's on now LIVE with
you're amazing(: just saying<3
thanks hun. im better now. just having a bad night. love you too! lets hang out soon
hope to see something from the panel
girl i dont know what ur smokin haha but yes you are
A lady is entitled. To some fun... Live your life woman..
Yikes! But at least it wasn't in person. Having a guy follow you to talk to you about your feet for 5-10 mins is creepy.
Get in on this love, Eddie. We're all pals here.
Reference: has a global reach - not just students on campus. Need to be available anywhere, anytime.
one time for you, and one time for me!
.: teaching competences so that students can approach software with a critical eye
Dumanis says as chief executive she knows how to get things done. Asks Filner "where is the proof" of his plan
ATTENTION Prodigy Lovers!: Prod loves the name "Jazzy" now you know yo childs name. thank you
God dammit I'm bout to shoot someone lol
thank you--back at the grindstone tomorrow (though I happen to like this particular grindstone!)
Under the conditions of print literacy we had this idea of a single one true self which multiple identities online changes
I am going to be SO. MAD. if DD gets kicked out. SO MAD.
"Everyone is working for the weekend!" We are hard at work on our 2012 fabric collection.. stay tuned. Happy Friday!!
Need someone to scan pages, photos & slides for ebook creation. Will pay by completed job done acceptably. Need quick turn-around!
:D we are glad you like it!!
follow back! Chico wanted us to work bra
that's a long break, unfortunately, I'll most likely won't be able to see it. Guess I'll be checking stats on the cell.
Could my dreams be more vivid or relevant? Pretty much not possible. I'm exhausted just thinking about it...
I felt the writing wasn't juvenile and even though it was a romance, it was just ok...
If that was the standard, they'd never hire anyone ever.
Let me be clear a man who cannot keep a promise of the past will be less likely to keep one for the future.
If everyone got fired for having affairs the world might be a better place.
Thanks girlfriend, I'm a gangst
Get to have lunch with today. :-)
Lol you really like to play with my emotions don't you
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
ahh bih now im bout to ride yo drity ahh you wear the same outfit 5 times a week
RT if you like Mindless Behavior
I need a phn !
#mims12 final projects are over! Projects were amazing - the judges will have a difficult job. Winners to be announced Sat at graduation.
Please follow our friends at We're all about having a fun time & so are they. Girls weekend! Wahooo! :)
Chicago officially renamed Lake Shore Drive to Hawk Shaw Drive!
you already know boo~
I agree: He's pissed that the Astros are moving to the AL, wants the Brewers to move instead. Also he's a Cardinal dbag.
i cant even wait 9 (pretty much 8 now) days till my birthday to get my HD camera & a new editing software. i wanna make videos NOW <3
WTF!!! if it sounds like a personal problem 2 u y did u ask!!! >:/
Let the show begin!
I'd like to see the Rangers win. I still don't like the Cardinals for beating the Tigers in 2006.
I know this is sexist of me, but I approve of your outfits.
Today is national honesty day!?!?! Honestly who gives a damn because, most of us are at work when we found out!
Indeed, , happy birthday to !
M, delicious nanotech. . .
Your the bad influence I don't know what your talking about
The bane of my existence: Late runs after I start doing the recap. Thanks for the fix.
if he isn't fired by then
Fail your way to an A
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things. More contests and giveaways.
Green House Data to Serve on Panel at IMN's NY Financing, Investing & Real ...
So close to seeing !! 3 blocks has never felt like a longer walk!
Shout outs to everyone that's in such a rush to slow down to look at an accident! #getyo'asson
We signing Woodson?
When Robert Louis Stevenson died on Dec 4, 1894, he willed his Nov 13 b'day to a friend who disliked her own date of birth:
Traffic downtown Louisville bites right now...wtf?!
Damn right Hugo got best cinematography!
i feel so much better<3 thank you mom<3
The comment section of that story is morphing into free marketing for Dave Ramsey.
Where's a good place to send interview requests? We'd love to get someone on to talk about FrontlineSMS.
Why are my two favorite teams playing each other in the first round? UGH #chicago #bulls #sixers #76ers UPSET CITY?
what is it this time, whore?
what record will it take for the bucks to make playoffs?
your mom can sign up next week or you can stop by!
It's Science Thursday on the , so we're going to talk about...science
bacon time nigga
This bill is now a death sentence for thousands. Worthless as a health measure. Shameful.
hahahahaha u think ure funny. Suck it.
U.S. housing starts rose more than expected in April. Promising sign.
That needle just made me jump out of my skin
If this fuckin bird don't shut up. -_-
Happy mothers day!!!:-=) you are the most beautiful and amazing mom i know love u
We hosted a Town Hall at the Ocean Sciences meeting in Portland on 3/25/2010. See details at www.openoceans.org.
Bout To Go Jam Sum Future
Kindergartners are a good way to end your internship!
Can you dm ur email address...want to send you an email.
I SO enjoyed having you in the class! You made me smile quite often :)
#ActOfValour is going to clean up at the #BoxOffice. Extensive marketing & cross promotions leads to strong opening!
I support any and everything with vin diesel lol
Don't tell me a writer and an historian aren't contributing positively to British society just because we don't make over £31k.
WELL SHIT I DON'T KNOW
Crazy night in Cali, enjoyed hanging with good friends and ! 30 hour drive done to Kansas on our way IN!
Through this weekend -- buy one get one free Christmas items!!!
Congrats! and I hope you are not planing to sleep for the near future :)
I love you:)
I think so too lol
Well? RT : Caller asked why we haven't reported Obama has replaced all American flags in the Oval Office with Muslim flags.
Yo my twin got mad followers
I can't wait to bust out my "rally speedo"
Totally have the urge to go clubbing.
yes! Ms. Missy! You make Bellaire great!
#INCS ... Would love to try a similar interactive activity in one of my own classes when I have time to figure out how best to do so.
RT : I need a running partner 🏃💨
I just got done kicking the flu in the face. (He only ripped out my earring.) So happy to see you before I pass out!! :)
Portlanders living in the Pearl are shocked to find out there are restaurants, shops, and people living on the other side of the river.
Just studying on the deck in a fort. No big deal
I'm hated everywhere I go.
thanks!! You too!
you never visited me! :( also, next year. Maybe. Lol. I have a big year long internship.
NORRIS COLE
#collegeaudition tip: Your headshot should have your name on it so the auditors don't have to ﬂip back and forth!
Something's wrong with your Twitter. This post from 2001 made it into your feed. Gore's far beyond "kinda" now.
at least in your perspective--andalso, why you want to talk about/depict love in an experiential manner through your artwork?
First check that your own filters didn't inadvertently catch the appointment reminder email.
These 4g T-Mobile commercials are hilariously inaccurate.
RT : : It takes roughly 7 to 10 years to get new #spectrum into the system #mmtcforum #mobilefuture <-- lost time
RT Don't live in the past. You might miss the great things happening in your present.
Yep. Just an annoyance. Healthy Kesler is the 70pt scoring we've had for the past 2 years. We lose him, we lose a huge asset.
Great lecture from and today at #Quinnipiac extremely motivating
Still got some tickets left for the show at launchpad on the 26th!! Only $10 don't miss out!
this is funny, but I can't help to think this is a tad bit racist
It is my last week of school, although that just means finals are even closer and I feel less prepared.
No sleep 'till...
Cappy pitched out of it
FB. Thank you, Lovely! Cheers.
#Party! Date: Christmas Eve. Time: The entire day. Place: The St. Regis, New York, New York. Requirements: An invite. RSPV
Is anyone going downtown/ want to go downtown today?
ya don't say? lol
And lots and lots and lots of good food!
working on something that I don't want to be working on, when there is something else of greater value that I need to be doing = my night
Its about that time. Dreamland...
hey! Thanks 4 the follow.
Just dropped a dope ass track with and for the Mixtape OMG These niggas got off..!!
: Tiaricka stop bringing up the past!!
Come 2 surrendervegas only nightclub where it goes down! Only@ surrendervegas
I hope so! We'll see where I'm at money-wise. If I'm lookin' good, I'll totally throw money down on plane tickets.
Watching Ancient Aliens with Viggle
Damn you bills.
guys you should follow her she follows back.
oh wow! congrats and good luck!
It's 's birthday and we are getting sexy on the rooftop !!!! @ maggsbopp
How much time do I give someone having a full on conversation in the library before I kindly tell them to shut up?
2 audition in Miami!!and the feling is great............
If I has to choose between breathing and loving you, I would use my last breath to say I love you. :)
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin with no other drug!
Casartelli. i remember that day like it was yesterday.
can someone tell me
it is! Help?
Looking for that brighter day hm...
You can find us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/EverettHomes
RT : DC announcing that Kline/Obermueller race and #mn02 part of its "emerging races" list for 2012 campaign.
High value content is one of your best #SEO and Brand strategies online
56 days until the Mifflin Street Block Party, let’s make it a great safe event!
you know you're a winner when your first order of business for the day is figuring out how to proposition famous men via Twitter.
All hopped up monster java.
I'm PRAYING I have another growth spurt in me I am almost at 6' and I feel like I'm DOA until I reach it
that is awesome! keep us posted!!
super cute shot, hope you all enjoyed! cheers to mama!
Tried hard not to sample the green onion before tonight's gathering. Onion breath is a hindrance to fellowship...
RT : Brough breakfast to our office today!! Thanks to Nicole for winning us breakfast!! They are so nice too!!!
you need an ikeep so you don't drop your iphone
uh yeah... haha
gonna be a great show. Thanks for having me on.
I gotta poop guys :D
Nose-pincher, can you talk about Lurchy's heater? Also how come Valdez doesn't make picks anymore? Rick picks= ram appearances
hahahaha you're amazing!
No. Some lady. Melted pumpkins in the dining room and refrigerators of spoiled meat in the basement.
Cheese won't harden if you butter the exposed edges before storing.
Sorry I missed your poster - would love to hear about your work. Are you free later?
no problem. Thanks for the feedback!
Watching Scared Straight
RIP critical reading skills
Blogger's got some 'splaining to do. What the heck happened to my videos?
Is your check engine light on? I'll scan it and read the codes for free
Thanks for the follow Nina! I believe you know the Bonita Rankins? :)
Oh snaps! We got some rafts!!! We doin this?
Eek. Yes, you win. No, we don't have Syndol, but I took some Excedrin. It has dulled it a bit, but not made it go away.
Hey, sexy ass. Banging your ass would def make it a good day.
Used the link from LFC email, which I think was to tcktmaster. Was going to try through a USA reds group, but didn't want to wait
RT : GERALD! Old sock!
TALK TO ME!!!
S/O 2 ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS MUCH LOVE AGP
this makes her the second trans from the show after Sonique. Wonder if she is transgendered or transsexual
wheres your mom?! Thank you!
Isn't it great?! Love how the kids gave Coach some challenging questions and made him laugh.
happy bday Blake! Hope it's > any other!
Please do yes
LOVE steel cut oatmeal. Trader Joe's?
prediction: taylor swift
Thank u 4 placing the sun in-front of my bedroom window !!! it's a good way 2 wake up .....
Happy Veteran's Day to my fellow Vets. Freedom isn't free, it's paid for by participation in the democratic process. Be informed and Vote!
Damn it Mr. Dennis, you just lost cool points
says clintonville resident
Smh “: Tht was God, I prayed on this win for the Lakers 🙌🙏”
#Ian Eagle quote, "This has been a terrible nightmare for Texas!"
ya feel me.. I just wanna be happy!!! LOL
I could watch drunk girls get arrested on Over The Limit all day long (and I have been.. I should probably get a hobby).
text me honey
it took all this to get me to a tippin point but im glad someone finally pushed me to it.
#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: Matthew 28. JESUS is ALIVE and with YOU ALWAYS!
Kinda surprised he fell for that. Wishful thinking, maybe.
Good Morning ;) Time to work
going to play gmaes =]
Yeah, I know the roadster well - but what is that particular car (logo, etc)
Anyone know a good mechanic in #denver?
MSNBC just reported that there is a nationwide shortage on drugs for A.D.D. ...I think there was more to that story... but I lost interest.
phenomenal work!
What brilliant person decided to place a sketchers store in Mayfair? No one wears that shit. Except Kim kardashian.
Suggestion for last minute gifts 4 kids: books by Sean Callahan like A Wild Father's Day or Bear Hug or either of the leprechaun books.
maybe it was a spambot getting zapped
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Let's see how bad LA does tonight haha, hope they can recover !
May the Fourth be with you my fellow Star Wars lovers ☺
Kuntz: businesses very aware of professional develop: volunteering with arts organizations a good way to do that
Boardwalk Empire deserves this one.
life seems 2 be full of disappointments, u barely get any breaks and then BOOM, UR LOVE BREAKS UR HEART, life is worse than a bitch
Thanks for the follow! What's your fave game?
hell yeah i been slakcin
The first computer mouse was invented by Doug Engelbart in around 1964 and was made of wood.
SESSIONS BABY
Thank you it is! 30 years later, our alum Kakenya Ntaiya & Kristin Haffert are now foreign policy leaders
The entire collection of new drawings will be updated on aomthree.com soon.
Saw my first #Mobbed tonight needed to see what was tweeting all about. Best hour spent tonight!
good luck! i know a few people who work with the county and they love it.
wiffle ball and day drinking
Appreciate all the love and support I got today
Gary Johnson Fans: Don't wait till after Republican National Convention to start talking up your support. Like Boy Scouts let's be prepared!
Lots of organizational contests and festivals this time of year - how are everyone's groups doing?
nah just the 4. i didnt think it was worth 100$ more
$16.87??? What's that in Swiss energy currency?
Interviewing Hollywood royalty this morning.
Dating or liking someone with a HUGE FOREHEAD <<<< #notattractive #seriously Just for yo
Love you Dr. Oz, keep doing your studies. I will definitely pay closer attention to apple juice and all products. Thank you!!
hope you have alot of duct tape!
Fuck basketball who watches tennis ? Ctfu
thank you Melanie! :)
YEAH METS! ...and Daniel Murphy. 4-0? OMG.
it's true.
I absolutely agree with your article, but since Google just launched their "Groupon", perhaps they will re-energize the idea?
: Hmm,(you know it's coming) Thats sad.
Leine's summer shandy and deep fried bacon. Welcome to Wisconsin!
should go to memorial cause I'm here
Well dis game sucked. Where were my #ravens from last week???
Do we watch the show before or after we SUIT UP? I just want the experience to be legen-wait for it...
thx:) can u help me get noticed by him??
You can catch it like a pop up to the infield, When a half a dozen shots rainin through your windshield
Out of my brain on the
On Vets Day I am offering free golf lessons to any Vet. Avail at Moses Pointe 10 to 2. If u r a golf facility I urge you to do the same.
Who is at meeting ?!?! #TeamKhleo #SoManyGirlsTour #KhleoInOxnard" <<< don't miss him
Ate for first time in awhile and Jay is cooking with skill and creativity, just like always!
I dig the pics
Just got back from mall-hopping since four o' clock. I wanna just go to sleep now....but as coach Reil says, I'll sleep when I'm dead.👍😲
Loved the Africa doc. The band Gull is doing a similar doc on percussion in E Africa. Could you help spread the word?
Had some of the best sleep ever last night
That's pudey. Which movie?
no she not she doesnt sleep
7/28 we're co-hosting an eco-movie fest with ! Swing by James Madison Park @ 8pm to catch the enviro-themed animated shorts.
Scored a new $1150 #AlexanderWang dress for $53 on #eBay. Plus free shipping. Jigga jigga what.
Visit www.twistaid.com to find out how to make opening water bottles easier!
I did and it was FANTASTIC
lol I understand.
#SaySomethin: fans: "omg, this is really good! I should look him up, what's his name again? Mahomies: "Ahh Greg!!! YOU'RE AMAZING! IM DEAD!
I would love to one day get a *friendly* Clark/Lois/Lana scene. I always thought Lana/Lois were pretty classy (drama-free) gals!
Baby if I go inside that you ah hate me
gotten success written all over my face
dude I wish D:
haven't heard from you
Check out Vegan 101 series on StayTunedTV.net
Heading to Philly today and fog is crazy
How was the rest of Parents Weekend for you, ?
Thanks! Hope you have a great rest of the event.
good night!(: i have time to get to sleep earlier(:
innovators going down to San Antonio and Corpus Christi for a couple of shows.coming back to Dallas on December 14.yipeeeeeeee.m loving t
U and Nasri and Cesc should leave. Wenger lost the game using Rosicky in CM. I'm afraid you'll never win anything w wenger
I don't owe you like two vowels. But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Haha idk but he called "fives" on the big screen
I can email you some basic youtube status check app I made, if your thinking of a web service perhaps I can show you others.
sucha boring day!
It's truly sad to see both of those sites in such disarray simply because they wanted to actually make money at their businesses
great pictures
mine would be 100% successful exit rate :)
Get the word out there to all your friends on FB & Twitter. Tell them to add Fastino's so they could receive great free promotional offers.
at Newcomb's
I would <3
“: Happy sweet sixteen to my beautiful best friend karleeelovesyou :) I love you!” I love you! <3 & thanks :)
last night i had i baseball game i won 12-5 i pitched i struck out 3 batter in one inning.
Yahoo believes its combination of online and offline data will prove a powerful targeting combination for political advertisers this year.
thank god for the pnc at giant eagle being open till 7, but by the time i get through this line it might be 7
Congratulations to & Stella Gould and for Boston Pops concerts New England Emmys on Sat!
Merry Chiristmas!! My dear mother monster~~
sifting through catalogs for oversized shelves
Who ever imagined back in 1964 that some 45 years later fans would still be screaming for Paul McCartney?
Happy Tax Day, Indy! #IDidntTextYouBack because it's #SomethingEveryoneCantDo. I use Twitter and Facebook like most modern humans.
Is it seriously raining right now?
40 likes till 300! spread our link like an STD!
Playin Wit My Money Is Like Playin Wit My Emotions Smokeyy .
You also don't mention me, if you don't want me to see you talking about me. Typical fucking cunt. Its that simple.
I don't see why people complain about Indiana so much
The life you see me living is not mine, but it is lived by faith in the Son of God, who loved me & gave His himself for me. Galatians 2: 20
Dam I just bought a taco from some taco truck....I took one bite to find out I was a bite away from eating a dead roacH on it!!! SICK SHIT
Oh, thank you! Does this mean there are delicious Ivy-made crackers at the shop?
So am I! MT : Excited that will speak re: meta-cognition and writing at Vassar's Pedagogy in Action symposium.
My restlessness is my nemesis.
Bottom 3: King 1, Churchill 1. Game 2. Chargers get an unearned run on a sac fly double play. Churchill leads series 1-0.
as a practicing clinician working with HIV+ pts, what is needed is more money/time/effort/will for prevention/treatment.
The fact that GMO products are not labeled shows that the industry knows consumers might choose not 2 buy these products. Scary.
I'd rather have a life of "Oh wells" than a life of "What ifs"
Even tho I made it I still don't want to eat it. But I'm hungry.
You Kn Follow Me Anywhere That My Plane Go,, She Say She Never Been
you too i guess
I have no idea whether MItt would've made the same decision - for all I know, he would have. But that doesn't take away from O.
Hi and thanks back to you for the follow...I'll keep my eyes open! Best to you!
Concealed guns are on crazy people, like in Columbine. The problem is PEOPLE not getting ATTENTION so work on USA Mental Health
We are excited to see you there! Thanks for the mention.
Here's hoping lightning strikes the HELL IS REAL billboard on I-71 next.
Just trying to help -___-
End of the semester is drawing near and I really just want to run off to Key Largo and practice yoga under the tropical sun!
No, I had to cancel. I have pneumonia.
I got oxygen for Christmas.
I learned how to run down stairs by watching Eddie Murphy in 48 Hrs.
Feeling charged and ready for all of the goodness ahead. Hope that EVERYONE is full of HOPE and JOY. :-)
A Recommendation For The Humble Condom | Diary of a First Child
you can borrow my black, rhinestone-encrusted jock w/the leather detailing again. Just don't return it like you did last time...
Darn it all. I had hoped to put in a little Demon's Souls time before work. Oh well, at least I have this homemade mango juice.
Teen pregnancy rate continues fall in Knox County
lol who did that?
Ask your civic leaders to address fair housing, and the enforcement of landlord tenant agreements. The economy is bad! TBR
: awww too sweet. thanks to the lady who is THEE best singer I know! #PopStar #StarintheMaking #R&B
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.
ciate tu !! lmao .u will be fine ... do u drink energy drinks?.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who you always fight with, but love em to death!
yeah right say it to myh hand girl \(>.<)/
hope it was money well spent :) Would love to see some pics of your finds. Thanks for coming.
i heard about the tuition thing, but thats for marines just getting in. Everyone that was in before the order is good
Welp \-_-/ its official. I pee'd in front of a school where the kindergarden kids come out to play...... I kno i kno. Smh
Stay tuned fans, we are rolling out our #Tabs feature on our #pointofsale to make #bartending faster and more efficient.
We Love LA! VonChurch wants to speak to Tools and Java Programmers in or willing to move to LA
Wisconsin's annual school staff report shows that school districts cut 2,312 positions for the 2011-12 school year, DPI says.
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Document Writer « Arlington Employment Center Job Board
Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day. ~ Polish Proverb
ill be sure to tell him you said hi. Don't worry
I just need one more follower than
What ? is #1 on KEEK AGAIN ? Why am I not surprised ;) <3
Our tattoo-to-skin ratio is way too low...Wilson Chandler will correct this problem #Raptors I guess we'd win a few more games too..
Shattering breaking into a million piece being pushed don like u are nothing like u dont matter
Yeah! Finally.
I've been reading Betty White's "Betty's Friends," her personal love letter to animals. It's just fantastic. She's so inspirational!
My Motto for 2012: Don't stress over things over things you can't change!!
it's a great home town... Almost there for Easter! Looking for tickets every where I can...
great segment on
Guys talking about how cool they are
Thank you! :)
thats the truth. So is rum but I love to poison myself.
rated r for "course language?" does that mean they use words like "sandpaper?"
Btw: You should check out the #muckedup chat re journos interviewing on twitter. I might hop in after I get through this presentation.
If more than 100 kids show up for our show at mojoes on Sunday Mike will get my face tattooed on his ass.
#OnlyInChicago is there a shooter on 90E at 10 at night..
For the next 2 hours swing by Oxford Club & Spa and get the deal shown here: 40% off All Services
thanks so much Morgan !
check out the new pic...what do u think?
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
I thought the same thing. At least the number will decline if anything.
watching Charlie's Angels Season 4...woo-hoo!
thanks Twitter for you know, being there, sort of
Hey I'm wearing a grey hoodie to the show. Lets try to avoid that moment where I have to go change
Show love to those who try to reject the "Christ" in you..Remember, that's what he did for us! Romans 5:8
Its getting sexual
RT The universe will reward you for doing what you love -
you tryna buy a lease or exclusive?
Took down all the posters on my walls and replaced them with some framed pics of me and ...
If I paid earlier I can just leave tight
Good Morning:)
We need that new
I was going to retweet you but Twitter forbade me from doing so.
Lifes a bitch , but I love that bitch dont fuck with her!
Just to completely change things up, I'll be spending most of today on a short film shoot, playing the androgynous bartender in a noir.
Its 78 degrees out. HELL YES:)
ha my sister just sent me that...I think in hopes I'll move out there with her! It's be a cool job though
Watched the first 6 mins of Mail Vlog! They're so cute :) I'll have to finish the rest later.
Goodmorning :) I hope u have a great day :D
LOL ": I see Sagittarius,Aries,Capricorns, and Cancers are still up.”
She is the best Dan .
well...its no fun cleaning alone, who would like to help? I do have booze...
In The My Bedroom=^D Lol
oh yeah!
Thanks a million. Keep an eye out for your name in the credits! I have been writing and ranching 11 acres and been busy!
Lord help me. I've just discovered
yes!! I'm a huge fan of I dont think 1R is a fan of me tho.#sadtimes “: Are you a fan of OneRepublic?
Berrey is comfortable in relying on others, says he cant do it alone
Everything's great bro. Yeah, trying Twitter out. I like it. It's cold today. But you already knew that.
Last lunch in PA. Hometown bound- Barberton, OH or bust. The6thbranch:-) org/rtd
Go follow and
I have a couple heroes ... Mostly people who took nothing and turned it into a whole lot...
Hoping to go on a mini-Texas tour this summer. Help us out and make this happen. We need money!
Beer is good for you but vodka is better ;)
i hope you jeep ur career going because im so excited for your new album to come out! shine. Shine. Shine.
It never gets old... RT“: Not a veteran, per se, but I do know what it takes to defend these fucking colors. Happy Veterans Day.”
Effing metro. Guess I'm walking home. Cc
Ha @ David West touching Chalmers' face
...and hope your guardian genius." - Joseph Addison
I know this sounds weird but will you do a late night follow for me :) haha
You must be able to differentiate between barking dogs and barking dogs who bite -
Thanks for following<3
Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.
who did he follow ?
We just checked it out and it looks awesome!! Thank you!
Thanks you guys!
One of the best things about a holiday weekend is the short work week that follows! Wahoo!
Actually, it was awarded AT the LA Festival of books. The award was from Latino Books into Movies, from Latino Literacy Now.
“You write in your letter something which I sometimes feel also: Sometimes I do not know how I shall pull through.” Vincent van Gogh
DMiner Apps helps Realtors to create custom, affordable mobile applications to engage customers and prospects. Please RT!!!!
Some people say hiccup can be cured by spinning around in circles. How do you get rid of it?
RIP 88. a boy from The Rock who was livin his dream. Prayers to the Uekman family.
Do I Have Any Followers That Live In SC
Miss your tweets/newsletter. Stay strong. I hope things get better for you.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Now I hear that Vidal Sassoon has died (no relation). I've lived with the nickname "Vidal" since middle school. Hopefully it dies today too.
Psyched that is emceeing tonight's On Lok celebration!
Aww, thank you :) I've been great! Just super busy with school.
Now I have to do homework
6 shots of patron
Just watched a dude empty a bud light on the street rolling up to a stop light.
All I want is love and joy to be with someone that way but I can not imagine where I put my mind would come IS EVER
All potential heroes are victims, of themselves if male, of others if female. Creature's gender?
I'm much simpler than that
Just received a flyer about getting a 2nd coat of paint on my house instead the usual "get the entire house painted" pitch. Nice approach!
No problem w/requiring permission. Why not? If you are tying it to prof goals on school time, using sch email, why not?
So, we're deff pigging out tomorrow. ♥
Paying the price for nice winter/early spring. Gray, gray, gray! Only handful of sunny days. Need the rain, pleny of shower chances.
RT : Yipeeeee. #smx Matt Cutts says more focus on video sitrmaps - it's about time. Thanks
my parents are watching #NSN without me !
Thanks for coming! It was great fun!
USA LUG&#39;s Linux Blog: Which Debian-based Linux distributions ...
Social media correctly predicts #Oscar winners - power of the crowd! via
That's awesome.
“: Opening Day in Cincinnati. Streets lined with red. It doesn't get much better than this.” come visit Monk's in Mt. Adams!!
On my way to set at the Santa Monica pier!
trying to be important
seen you out there hustlin #teampacers !! keep grindin bro
You're brilliant at this.
HEY TWITTER BABES!! I'VE MISSED YOU ALL!! <3 SRY BEEN GONE FOR A LIL BIT!
I certainly hope so! There's got to be a way to get the innovation of children's interactive e-books into the adult realm.
Many thanks! RT : #MarketerMonday (favorite ladies): , , , ,
I only go raving if my friends are up for it. I have yet to go... x3
Favorite panel/paper of the day? Come to Hancock Room, 2nd floor, at 3PM and give it the props it deserves via the #scms12 camera.
lol, I been on Future for a while. He doesn't always have the best deliverance but what he saying is so REAL!!
Got a 96 on my management midterm. I feel qualified to manage people.
that's what I'm saying! And his was chosen to debate about tomorrow!
Biz tip: It typically takes at least 7 imprints of your mktg msg for someone to respond. Are you expecting results after 1?
Eighteen can not come fast enough.
Interviewer: "If you could save one thing in a fire, what would it be?" Liam: "I would save my girlfriend." Harry: "LOSER."
Absolutely LOVE that the Breaking News on ESPN crawl right now is David Stern shenanigans
So who's going to have some Donna Summer songs ready for at tonight in tribute?
“: Re: Newson: There was absolutely no collusion with the campaign, period.” trust me!
Jim Graham is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 1
At pearlridge gonna watch
Nerd city. Population: me
Both LA teams 0-2 in close out games so far.
ik dude Idek what happen I lost my gage hurt sprit :(
I act completely calm around my parents.but as soon as Im with my friends , Im like the Energizer bunny on crack! :D Swag
HOW DID YOU GET AUSTIN TO FOLLOW YOU ? D: I'VE BEEN DYING TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW ME AND BRIBING HIM WITH JOKES AND HIGH FIVES
We're at the Minnesota State High School Hockey Tourney stop by our booth
video shows alleged robbers minutes before attacking woman...story coming up at 11
": #NowPlaying: "Tonight", by "Awesome
Yes, definitely! And car design is a window into the soul/spirit of a historical era, too.
We working out my new song before studio Tuesday!!!!!
Nevermind, it was a miniseries that aired in Canada
Lol at girls who like your sloppy seconds. Literally.
Free Twitter Training by Top Earner. Great Tips! Happy to share. send email to will get out!
I'll head there for an orange tomorrow!
Senior Character Artists - A Developer europe - for more information contact .uk
Glad to hear is going to stop tweeting. Too bad it's after he's already cost a lot of people their jobs.
Dating sucks
RT : I am so proud of the city of Indianapolis. So many people have told me this is the best Super Bowl they have ever attended!
MT : Please watch "The Interrupters". Painfully eye-opening documentary on gang-violence in
Hope all my #castle tweephearts enjoying their summer WInter or whatever season it is :)
I didn't know! It was last minute
I have self control... That seems to be the advantage!
<< No. I haven't watched it in quite a while now I just follow her on here sometimes she has a valid point I think is funny.
Rage players: practice is canceled. Take this time to workout and see you Friday!
#MahoneOnTheView trend it! may see it and smile (:
Maxwell Technologies' Swiss Subsidiary Launches New Line of Medium Voltage ... - Sacramento Bee
Keith Olbermann believes in unicorns..tonight at 9 MSNBC
& I still read those texts and regret every word I said.. I'm sorry.
I hope all goes well for you man! Live your dream! Good luck and be safe out there bro!
good luck! Let me know if you need me to pick you up on the side of the road! :)
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
": if our music was not #free, would you perceive it to be more valuable? hmm I guess the answer to that would have to be yes :/
Let's go Marquette! Beat Nova!
Showalter getting the schollie seems like a logical possibility.
coworker has a playlist of Bach on today, and it's inducing one long flashback playing flute in high school all-state band auditions.
I don't know if I was more offended by the bigoted, racist "jokes" or the people who laughed.
Omg. I keep having sneezing attacks.
Not a good weekend. Both my teams lost by 1 pt. UK and the Bengals ;(
#read Psalms 118:8 It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man
let's!
I think I saw a pig fly by!!
no way I'm listening to that too<3
Yes! RT : A5 Everything related to the Maya, Mérida. Valladolid, Tizimin. All that is full of culture and adventure
login to see us live! www.iBand.me
How were mohawks ever cool?
Be sure to stop by the site and thank the author too! Good luck with your ceramics unit!
Working on it! And you can always check the app to see what availability is like—we'll do our best to have you covered!
Kick Buttowski? Please do that against Rams.
know anyone who sells telecoms products? please re-tweet or pass on our number: 0844 880 2010. Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity!!
Aw thanks Fidz! I have a few stories to post soon! <3
For The Love Of Music
My Bday is coming up & I'm not gonna celebrate... All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies & my dry cleaning paid for... Simple as that!!
Great slide gamel!
Perhaps I will find a reason to use this strange service again. It is still mildly baffling?
I say the word dude way too much. oh well. :)
Well, one time a friend told me.... Wait, maybe that was tequila.
What an awesome project!
You're very welcome!!! <333 =)
Bowling Champs!
I missed this ..maybe I can catch it online somewhere...youtube?
something like that, yes :)
im kinda tearin' up rite now...
i just need to find a shirt that would match it nicely
So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
#jcrew swimsuit in cart; Why is it shipping in 10 to 14 days? I just wasted my time, not buying this, not waiting 14 days.
Also wrote yesterday for CQ, behind paywall: House Intel committee considers DOD cyber-threat information sharing program as national model.
Come on Spurs!!!
Snake Bites Cream Cheese, Grilled Jalapenos & Bacon - Gluten Free 7.99
Thanks so much for your #FF mention. It's very much appreciated!
thank you.
Hunger games was a firm movie
follow me whitney
Thanks for the RT we appreciate it. Hope to see you at the Lena Horne event today beginning at 6:30pm
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww *gags with whole soul*
i am so sorry i wsent there when you were sad. I changed my accout to
nada. What u up too
I don't understand why you say you're so fat, but then go get ice cream and cookies every night. Tell me how thats logical!
How's your husband?
Interesting developments via Amazon, Dropbox, Google and You Win in Cloud Music Copyright Decision (MP3tunes)
who know me being a hot head #fighting breaking my hand losing everything i thought i had at the time... would lead to a better me
My tummy hurts:(
you know...what would u like us to have backstage for u to eat and drink. we supply u dudes with food. we wanna get what u like!
Date Night - Cap City Comedy at 8:00 followed by Rob Dickinson at Mixx - make the wife listen to No Control Radio on KROX on the way home.
RT He puts up with my crazy self...
Pumped for Outside Lands. Can't wait to see my friends!
Thanks for the follow!
I hated him b4 more. (youtube trick shots, Cavs bench dancers). Decision dumb, people should let go
publish it where?
oh yea
Yes, the loafer is back! Except, for spring 2012, we recommend a metallic loafer that will make your outfit POP!
Phoenix Arizona is the best city I have seen in my life .
well get ready to cough up Dat extra key ;-)
Temperatures already in the 50's! A much anticipated relief when you wake up tomorrow
MY GOD JOSHUA I WILL MISS YOU
I like the sound of this...
I am not even ready for this!
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
Stop the hate on others. You have NO idea what they go through each and everyday. One little thing that you say can make or break someone.
welcome to Portland man. Been following you since BC. Wonderful addition. Congrats balla
What should I do...
God LOVES YOU! Now time to get focused! No turnovers tonight LIN!
Been on the grind since 9am. Time to close the work email & shut down for the night. Must find my way to the ocean & beach ASAP!
It may be getting serious now... may have hit first plateau on rise up in workout weight at 270.
of course they were so beautiful!!
Very excited that we'll be buying a house at the end of Summer... I want one of the houses on
cheers my friend!
Listening to Evelyn Lear's recording of the Vier Letze Lieder. I'm crying, it's so beautiful. Can't wait to sing this one day with orchestra
when r you going to make a play of your books? I'd produce it at my theatre in a heartbeat!!
indeed I did. There is no re-reading, only reading.
I'm sure it has been said or phrased another way. But I'm Convinced success is found at the edge of failure. The trick is not going over.
wouldn't it be lovely to have one of those RFID wands to hunt those DVDs down?
I can't tell my boss "this is my new lover" bwahahaha
Its been a long day!....
Sorry, misunderstood. Lamar Smith has $1 million+ in his campaign fund. We just need enough to inform voters.
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
#everyoneisanartist hashtag allow artists to populate exhibition space with work via Twitter May 11 - June 16.
alright,.. Pants coming off
I was told that the sky was the limt! So I've started to put my footprints all in it!!!!!!!! #goals set & #accomplishments are being made.
yeaa..it looks kinda stupid!
If you're not watching this #Knicks game, you're not a sports fan.
Job searching!
#scms12 climate change models as speculative fictions that can recalibrate the network
Obama had made-up girlfriend & now campaigns with imaginary #Julia, victim of make-believe war on women. Re-elect him? In his dreams!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand this sign---> 👌
So far in the airport terminal one lady is hacking up a lung and another lady is sneezing. Awesome.
Looks good! Be sure to tell the now-jealous people in your life where you picked up that sweet garment. Thanks for ordering.
Not sure if USPS workers would move faster than a snail's pace even if a tsunami hit...
Money Make Her Come
of course ;) Vets
Heading to the Earth Day celebration at !
I want to go on a road trip. 🚌
Man, every single comic I've read out of last months releases is top fruggin' notch-tacular.
It's going well, getting some things done, hungry though.
Playing these damn spades with Birthday boy Kenny....run them...Thirsty Thursday
I told the kids they could choose a movie to watch while I workout and get some work done. Their choice: Robin Hood with Errol Flynn.
I'm damned to feel the way I do. What have I done to fall so hard for you.
I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas!
"The four cornerstones of character on which this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence."
I'm not worried at all because what goes around comes...
BOUT TO MAKE HOMEMADE #MEXICANFOOD YA I
It actually was pretty goddamn amazing.
is there a comment function for specific tDAR files? - looking at report with redactions that missed a few that needed redaction
More than 135 foster kids have been adopted in Anch this year, according to AK DHSS. On this AK Adoption Day, 18 families have new members
Bangkok Bistro at Ballston
#808Pride do u ever down? Do u ever wanna chat #realTalk with another girl? Sharing how u really feel inside about sumthing? If so DM ME!!
#ShadowsInTheMoonlight is such a joy for me to work on. It's my first two part feature film & will have such amazing cast & crew! News soon
“Never invest in any idea you can’t illustrate with a crayon” -Peter Lynch
Not a problem! And that's what we love to hear, hope you're having a great
My mom always laughs at me when I make new clothes or reconstruct something, she says I dress just like her at my age!
That's why Chris Paul is worth at least one playoff series by himself NBA playoff where
is on his way to becoming a lawyer. Good luck on your first day of law school dude!
how would you rank the AFC east? Mind u #JETSNATION is watching.
Howard, for next year, would not be going to NJ. It will be Brooklyn
Whose ready for hoops!?
Haven’t purchased your tickets to BonfireJam yet? Get 'em before they sell-out! The BonfireJam box office is officially open NOW!
what else has he been in ?
Time to go1 :D LATERS TWITTER !!
Shucks, thought the promoted University account was for a beer University.
. Great. Now she's going to talk to about how cheap I am. I'm going to find some donuts.
Could be both! :) Looking for a pre-AAM panel thing, but it's in the air still.
I like a good standoff
RT : and don't mess with my stereo...
Phase one complete - 2011 Mac Mini Server loaded with Lion running Parallels Server installed. New VM with Windows 2008 R2 is super fast!
I come from a working class family & ain't nothing worse then growing up in a household with money problems...IJS
I couldn't agree more with you on that & being in AZ now helps
Hey Emily! How'd the show go?
Help rally the community to drop off an Easter Basket 4 Please RT for ill & disadvantaged children thru/out the Vegas Valley.
Caffeine does wonders ppl!
tonight at ! $1 beers, $4 pitchers, $2 bud light drafts, $4 vodka crans! 14 acts, painters, and food all night!
I've read your poetry! That counts for something, right?
: - LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER - MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY!
We're looking forward to it, Maria.
Happy Thanksgiving!
im gone!
BAhahahahahaa! Or the clerks think you're flirting.
#ThingsIlookfor..in business, new rackets to take over..in a speakeasy, a rival to start a brawl with..in life, ways to earn more dough..
Finishing up the next issue of Small Town Living (www.stliving.net)
yea sure u do lol..
The Beatles? The real question is when will Bob Seger come to iTunes?
haha it may be cause I've been here for s while LOL.
S/o my bro Popeye Go Follow Him >>
I was living vicariously through ... I wasn't there either :-/
Also want to say I am a ginger as well so lets share the love
Frame building class with is going great! Finish that frame today man, haha!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
What are you buying?
Thrift Tones hiitin the stage tonight at LoCash. Drink specials, BBQ under 10 bucks, and Never a Cover. That's what we're all about MKE! JC
In the courtroom, awaiting Offc Scott Elliott to make his 1st appearance. He's accused of sex crimes.
Disneyland til 12 got home at 2 and had work at 6am this morning , time to k.o for hours
joints dope fam! Did you want a 16 or did you want me on the whole joint?
Start working out tommoro ....
good luck bamboo not so lucky.
A horrifying tale for sure.
All fans should be treated equal. None of them should be treated badly.
Like come on it didn't hurt that bad calm down
Chill mode. #Berry ciroc
Okay so I've been contemplating my new dwelling and making Xmas purchases but excavation eludes me.
haha we got joint custody
such an improvement over Kindle though. Thanks for all your hard work at the Spring Event too!
Craving HOT Popcorn @ the moment and need to sleep. But I am VERY curious about this #Meteor Shower ! Is anyone waiting up for it??
Regret listening to music so loud now..
#AskGeorge Just so you know: Whenever Spitzer’s on, most of America—and all of New York—changes channels.
Glitter and gold.
will do tavale, I'd love to have the main man himself on my portfolio
": lol what BS happen ..I'm nosey ..lol"/the bs is I can't chillax because i gotta go to wk!!
Listening to this game on xm. Let's go
Bagel & coffee before a 1/2 day of school >>> #yum #GettingOuttaSchoolEarly<3
To our friends on the East Coast: high in mid 80's here today. Just letting you know.
Not sure what to make of today, a phone call that I'm blessed to get but feel bad about. A life so blessed that I should just LOVE everyone
Daily deals that will soon give back 10% of our proceeds to #Albuquerque #NM #Nonprofits #Schools #Youth Athletics
Given the acceptable weight standards, I can see why it's Splash Country. 300 lb. adults, 200 lb. kids, baby pool=wave pool.
So I'm officially pissed at my boyfriend ! Good fucking night ;c
RIP Elizabeth Taylor. I would shed a tear for you, but my over indulgence in plastic surgery prevents that #ABQ thanks for making me pretty
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Hey Arnold :-) :-) :-)
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage
I'll be sure to keep you updated w/ pics. These babies have to soak for a few months till we can dive into baking w/ their vanilla goodness.
It's been a few weeks, and I think we're all ready to get a little ROCK out of our system.This Saturday, it's all happening McGuinness
5/11/1777->J Trumbull:We derive sentiments of the People are powerfully directed to Liberty&no impression of the Enemy will pass w/ impunity
Had fun tonight! Thanks Long Beech!
how to become one of the winner..im not interested till you retweet me or tweet..:)please
that's a joke right?
im here until monday
WHO IS BETTER OR
o really dam your soo smart
- weaves & smokers?
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE? Your business, and/or your boss? Take control of your life!! www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Check out our new app for iphone and Android. Search "california VIP" or call 619.226.1121 for details.
#10FactsAboutMe I LOVE Soccer, its the only thing that keeps me sane within the choas around me
There's a party in my pants and you are invited!
is goin off right now!
21 more days left of school
it's easy to admit you were wrong after you get caught in a lie and have no other ways out of it.
"Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin." --John von Neumann, 1951
Always eat post workout. This helps to replenish all that you burned during your workout!
come chill with me someone. im bored as fuuuuck :(
Shout out to the dude I've never met, before tonight.. That just asked for money to bail his fiancé out of jail...
Glad tomorrow is Saturday! What about u guys??
Picking up kayli at 230, Amira at 245, Jessica at 3. Then picking up my mom at 315.
Self Help Graphics to honor , others for help in finding new Boyle Heights home, at fundraiser 7PM Friday, 1300 E. 1st St.
no, I'm paranoid. There's a huge difference.
Good afternoon beautiful people :-)
Nothing is as easy as it looks, things are not as hard as you think! To each his own!
That is wonderfull news... missed you getin buckets!!
is that a good thing? :) if it's not.. Tell him i'll kick his butt!
#USPS says it will close downtown #NOLA facility. /via
Betemit in LF. He's started only 2 games there in his big league career. MT : Here's #Orioles lineup at #Twins Andino 4, ...
At #WilliamAlexanders where is about to open up for Chris Heroldt!
So you're telling us that you got a special treat?
“: Well, I'm off to Club bed. Featuring DJ Pillow and Mc Blanky.” they copied our tweet !!
Cheer season needs to start like NOW!
Costco on a wkd never ends well.
I see. So how's your life?
Cleaning, shopping, brunch with the ladies, and game of thrones tonight with !!
came to work early got a bagel and coffee and realized I don't have to have old married couple bfast 😔
Just watched the commencement speech did for ball state. #wow such a talent and a wonderful woman.
Anyone know how long it takes to get an updated app reviewed in the iOs app store? 7 days and counting…
I made it back downtown earlier than expected. If you're still downtown, I'd love to get an oil change today. I DM'd my phone
yes! Many loved ones of mine affected here totally agree
Auction update: 2 center-court seats to Blazers game next season... and a meet-and-greet w Blazers dancers. Current bid: $200. 503-517-6123
We just keep winning baby !
More like LW. (Sorry, Co-Chair!)
I Hate Sleepin Alone..
I am so jealous!! Rock it hard in Paris!!!
my existence is currently in the hands of #starbucks and those darn little
I just learned was a potter in a former life...he's presenting "historicizing new media design"
RIP Wash.
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - Enterprise Mobility - End-user Privacy & App Discovery -
oh my gawd!! please just come over i am begging you pleease!!
Who said you could get on that bike.....busted, but i still love you ma
I want my boyfriend home. Like now.
in my opinion, you guys did the best at Warped this year. And honestly one of the best live bands I've ever heard. #leveler RT?
has anyone invented an emoticon for "I just threw up a little bit in my mouth" yet?
what happen y would she jump stupid
follow my personal - :)
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
Why do these people sit by the windows in these Jason movies? My ass would be under the bed.
I need a stay at home mom to help get the rest accomplished LOL
you're right but I'm sure that they are having a BAD hangover.
Really??? You switched to Coach K? If we cared we easily could have found ESPN No need to shove it down our throats!
Ah, thanks for tweeting this girl! You gotta good heart and are a good egg :) Good to have our allies!! xoxo
AZ- #JesseKelly #GOP trying to fill #GABBY Gifford’s congress seat FLIPS now is for seniors who HE SAYS are on PUBLIC DOLE
Want to eat an amazing amount. I love Chicago,leaving soo soon. Have to enjoy as much as I can
Pizza for breakfast
the awkward moment when I walk into the room and I realize I'm the only bad bitch reppin
us too but visit us in AC or NYC or Fort Lauderdale!!!
hey you can send me sample if you want but okay
i asked my dad if wen we go bak to jersey to take me to the iconic complex he sed he now were that is and yes yahhhh :) so happy
Depends on if you believe in too much of a good thing? I would prefer to see some defensive issues addressed.
Jack Porter! :)
sure, for a subscription fee!! hahaha
that happens every time to at Rye. You have to specifically ask for it "neat" to get it in a low glass
How's everyone today
need to go back to bed.
I have a fucking 77.8% in the class IF I don't do reading counts and I'm pretty sure if I got at least a D on the Powerpoint and essay,
#RedSox missed opportunity to move up in standings. Not acceptable to lose 2 out of 3 to lowly A's. Must do better against Orioles!
Masterson is lost.
Question: if I retweet a link on Twitter, does it re-shorten the link adding to the chain? Think with RT it does.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Young Ryan Leaf? RT : So proud of our Freshman QB Connor Halladay tonight, let's finish this strong Wazzu!!
There's no "o" in for good reason. It's a useless letter.
URGH! I want to be at #Coachella so bad!
Hell yeah. Were adults and its fun to tell others how sexy they are. Like u >:)
Doing laundry T.T
You still care. I can see in in you.
I'm like a bird, I Wana fly away
$59 flights nationwide. Southwest.com
Letting a man pick the movie is as scary as letting him cut your hair.
Already finished turkey, dressing, greens!!!;)
LOL, I literally have no clue what I'm talking about when it comes to soccer.
Hello Twitter World ???
We are coming down to the wire. I just learned that we are only $1,850 from our goal by midnight tonight! To contribute:...
Ps3 or Xbox?
Day 1 of the Public Funds Summit off to a great start! Next at 4:45 New Strategies in Alternative Investments. 5:45 Asset Allocation
I cant wait for my senior prom next year!!! More inportantly i cant wait for my 18th birthday and my graduation! :)
See random acts of culture everyday "Flute Man" plays in the entry way to the vacant building on 4th & Chestnut @ 12pm
My Sega stopped working, but on the upside I think Dukakis can win this thing
Morels, yes you can have them in your braised shortrib strogonoff tonight!
good morning ;)
I painted Marijuana Acres on my buddies barn in huge black letters. #BestPrankEver untill the DEA showed up with dogs & found his stash..
'She' can do whatever she wants, thats her business. But looks like "she" is trying to get famous w/ her unkempt self.
So you want to work in IT. Do you like to work on weekends.
Oh no. Call me maybe?
Anytime Stoke City is mentioned, I sing it to the tune of Rack City.
I am ready to get another tattoo..........
Former Broncos Quarterback Jake Plummer will be our guest tonight at Tavern Downtown for the CBS Xfinity Monday Live show at 6:30!! Take...
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Lakers came out to play tonight! It's about time!
He lurrrrrves competition episodes.
Love is just a word, you bring it definition - Eminem
Good, good. #Writing. Thinking about ebooks.
Check out the latest at www.triskelionsociety.com
It'll be hard but I'll never give up on this. I swear. :*
Be kind to those who aren't as smart as you.
Thanks brother, best of luck to you and The Summers. Enjoy the Death Cab show.
Uh la la found me an iPod 📱😃
How many car elevators can I put in my house when I win the Mega Millions Jackpot?
Al Gore Vidal Sassoon
Despite a challenging day love conquers all!
If I lived in LA i'd be on fairfax right now.
If you don't audibly fart when you're getting a security patdown at the airport, the terrorists win.
you do realize you're the last person to post on my fb wall thus you're calling yourself an imbecile
You gotta make a deposit- before you can make a withdrawal.
Today my backyard was visited by one bunny, six squirrels, a host of birds, and umpteen million chipmunks!
caffeine + inception soundtrack
Friends: I've missed you, too. I'll be at all day tomorrow with
Fun sighting of during lunch today with !
Aww. Happy birthday buddy!
Being a Belieber is more than just the concerts and the CD's, it's about being there, supporting Justin forever.
only on the weekends.
Our menu tells you a lot about our chef! And our wine tells you a lot about our food!
I don't sign onto this name as much, which is an issue, but I need to make a resolution about this name!
I'M in new york, and I felt that shit..
and not sure of the temp in NY, but in Dallas its in the 70's.
saying uh huh to everything rn
these pigeons are going to town on this donut, and for once in my life, I'm a little jealous of a pigeon.
Today is the rarest of days: I know all of the random movie quotes and song lyrics being posted on my fb news feed.
k you know him, so just ask him to do duet with him. Im pretty sure he wont care
Who else is going to the Latino Books into Film Awards Presentation? I'll be there! #LA Festival of Books.
Sharon said, "Ebenezer you are better than then the other monkeys in the zoo." Then Ebenezer became a stir.
Thank you! Any news yet????
Okay, that's it from me. Time to go home now.
Her legs spread so easy, I can't believe it's not butter
no they don't they are going to need him to play corner
I love the irony of smart water. Paying like $3 for something that's free... the only smart ones are the people selling it
way to get it back baby! Great TD catch
Yup, My boyfriend def. got food poison from boar's nest.... :( no bueno
#TheThingIHateMost People who say I Love You and don't mean it
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 21
awh nah :( i wish!
I did
We would be thrilled to host one of your events
Saw the worst accident on 41N on my way to work. Hoping everyone is ok.
Exciting! I'm going to try to make it.
backbone.js where have you been all my life?
...a busy spring ahead with others' music, but also looking forward to trying some new ideas with my own bits and pieces. stay tuned friends
Justin bieber us sexy af he got some muscels and stuff.uff my gosh!!!
I'm seeing 2022 and doing it right now!!!!! no-one gets in my way.
One of my patients hid Easter eggs all around the unit for the other kids to find in the morning. I have the best job ever.
sounds good man. Just remember free shipping if you use code SENDIT
what are u up to thos weekend?
#Askalexconstancio (; have you heard of omfgitsjackandDean....they were at playlist?
Curse you and your irrefutable comebacks.
Wouldn't it be cool to live near and ?
All it take is one run tho
shit I'm bringing vans in my purse for when I get tired wearing my heels, swag ???
that news about CASA is from 2008, is there an updated version?
The sound of me banging this aluminum softball bat on the empty beer keg is your cue to go the fuck home. Drive safe!
he's not 100% yet & if he isn't fully ready to go they won't play him & they shouldn't play him. It makes no difference now.
Betty is late
good?We stock solid select redoak&hardmaple flooring that covers 19sq ft/bundle. Prices depend on quantity &contractor pricing
Kudos on winning Outstanding Philanthropic Program of the Year, for Mock Rock, at !
Go to iTunes and grab hit single "WOP" it's almost GOLD but we need #PLATINUM letsgoooo
I guess you lose some and win some, as long as the outcome is income..
do you wanna come to a tinychat with me we can talk we can sing we can do what ever
I'd rather root for George Hill than Lebron.
surprised? Bc I'm not
Holy fuckin hell. Red sox getting chopped tonight AGAIN It hard so support a team wen they play pure shite. But support them will
If it's scary in a good way... and the financials all work out... go for it. You may never learn more in a short period of time.
Thanks! I agree, was fantastic! I've got her pal tomorrow morning on
#IAintFucknWitIt if u cry about da small irrelevant shit. Chill have fun and live a lil.
“Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.”~Bertolt Brecht
ALL THE FELLAS IN THE WORLD WHO GOING THROUGHT IT ME YEAH YEAH (NOW I GIVE UP)
Wanna make a s/o to for making first place at the talent show! You did great!
lol whenever you want / can lol
I don't go to church like I should but I'm constantly praying. . . I'm slowly changing and I'm doing it all for my son ily Te'On
Sleepy time tea with babydoll :D
MaZe1eR hey bro did the mighty crowns dunk officially drop today bc I read via Nike website the highMlDe
his name kind of makes me angry
We work so hard to promote our causes and our movement. What we are and do is stated on our site loud and clear!
The person who's hacking my twitter you're in trouble...thanks everyone for the messages...el imbecil que hackeo mi twit estas en problemas
Taking it in for the night.
I don't need to meet you to tell what kind of person you are!
getting 2geda today to preview "who do you follow" then released later tonight!! :)
I am too much concentrated on myself
Old Pretty Ricky >>>>
After your story runs, a thank-you note will go a long way. It will make a good impression and improve your chances for future coverage.
Boo North Carolina.
dats a good dude but anyway happy bday foolie.
Thanks! I don't know what to do with myself quite yet.
Sold a 170k home today! Go
Fried Lake Michigan smelt tonight
app looks great! Nice job :)
Booze specials, patio open, good people and good music. .35 cent wings tonight. Very nice
Enzo ate my Cozy Fireside scent tester. Apparently he approves the smell.
#WhyDoIHaveTo lay in bed thinking, thinking, thinking ...
the nurse had to stay on me to get a good reading :) the girl was holding her foot and everything! How's your baby doing?
Now that I've turned my manuscript in to my editor, I'm starting on a new #WIP. Forget how fun/scary it is!
So call me, maybe...
you did good tonight babe<3
If you have Java, C, C++ as a key strength on your resume, then when asked about it, don't say "I have not used it before"
The best way to find yourself, is to lose yourself in the service of others. ~Gandhi
