A rash of violence breaks out over the weekend. Charlottesville police bust 10 people. Details on 19 News Nightcast after Hawaii 5-0.
I know and a lot of people think Ben's hotter even though they're both perfect. Idegi. I feel so bad for him sometimes.
You were funny and thought provoking - thanks! Enjoyed the preso
Tonight's movie on ABC Family's "25 Days of Christmas" is....."Harry Potter"??? Is that because Dumbledore kind of resembles Santa?
two solid wins this weekend by the Commonwealth Academy boys varsity team heading into the playoffs. looking forward to continuing the run.
Me, too. Headed off to Afghanistan in a few months. For the third time. :-/
let's do this ladies!
"You play ball like a girl!"
It does... but honestly, everything is passing. It helps to see it that way.
oh my!!! Scary
With the predicted high wind Monday watch where you park. Portable basketball goals can tip over & tree limbs breaking off.
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Havent been on Twitter in a while
The contest is over right
Friend is looking at starting a business where they'd need food catered at each event. Any good, low cost catering ideas?
I think I might be too afraid of that one. I've seen people get sucked in, never to be heard from again.
That chai latte might not have been the greatest thing in the world to consume, but it's given me the energy to run!
I like some of Fripp & Eno's stuff. I really like Cluster & Eno.
Just found a Lizard inside of our house. Looks like we officially have to move.
VERY impressed with #iPhoneApp feedback. Useful stuff!
3 am ... Espresso effect still on! Any other night owls out there? My only hope is you are in London woman!! Manifiéstate!!
Talking to while she eats is pretty much how I would imagine talking to Chewbacca would be like. I. Somehow. Still. Understand.
“: Well i guarantee you the #moneyteam will not let you down” Of cours! 43-0
I'm adding you to my list of twitters/tumblrs/facebooks on teampf (tumblr)! Do you have a tumblr?
I'm going to be in town tomorrow - I can bring you some eggs if you want.
Thanks so much for your strong support and encouragement through the years.
The Devil Inside. Well, this should be fun.
I have never even seen the movie before i wanna see it wanna come with me and my friends this weekend?? plz it would be fun <3
Bizarre circus. That's where my bar surface
Cover up ..
great to meet you. You know my wife's company
A sky fulla Lighters....
Gorgeous Tiles!
Eww , someone was smelling heller musty in first period .
Nothing is better than when a person you adore... is marrying another person you adore! Congrats to Lindy/Javi, Mo/Gordon, and Ash/Sal! xx
my knee feels all types of fucked up
vicks vapor rub all on me, looking real gross right now :(
Belden Stratford is located in Chicago, IL and offers amazing hotel rooms and apartment homes for rent!
I love how numerous "experts" pick Wisconsin to lose to Montana. UW only went out and won by the biggest margin of any team so far.
NO! Taking the GRE in August. I am not skilled in math so I'm starting review now #1plus1equals3?
there are hundreds and thousands of themes out there, watcha looking for?
We received the greatest complement this week, a visitor called us "the people's museum". Yay us!
because my friend insulted me
RT A4 call me old fashioned, but word of mouth, quality products, solid customer service bring me to Main Streets
Who wants some Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo brochures for their business??? :o)
I'm done.
Finishing Lost is like saying goodbye to someone who maybe should have gone long ago. A relationship you had to see through.
So do we RT : Thanks for the great tweets from the
Then I wake up and realize, that this is real life :)
The chairs n this waiting room r 2 tall & my feet r dangling. I seriously cant b this short. Considering sitting at the kids activity table
Grab a friend. Whether your set-up is relaxed or structured, a friend can bring support and accountability to any workout plan.
omg me too :(
": Happy Mothers Day Bev! Thanks.Brian .:). Xoxo's
feel better cody :)
Phone-less until 5pm. Left it in the car. BF went to work w/ it :(
Amazing book! Loved it and going to put it to use right away.
We already registered and bout air tickets! See you there!
Happy Hump Day! Rocks-Off is at the Castle today working with our associate on product training. 2 giveaways later today.
great to see you, too!
i guess im gonna kall nit a nite..... i feel the glad bags under mi eyes
For wedding flowers, choose flowers that are in season and grown locally.
I salute you dude
yea i just generalized that its a more useful feature to reduce shine/reflection than increases pixel density to make it crisper.
Way to throw your gender under the bus! You radio types are thick as thieves. #
In Chicago on May 18? Jonah Lehrer, author of Imagine: How Creativity Works will speak at the Pritzker Auditorium, Washington Library at 6PM
Alyza Lewin rises to defend Spinoza in closing arguments. The "red lines" of yesterday are not the red lines of today.
RT : Two safeties who could rise in this year's draft are Arkansas State's Kelcie McCray and South Carolina State's Christian...
*lauren and my phone is upstairs, i'll call you back in just a second!
And on my 7963rd day alive, I had an awesome day.
did they see?
Is actually looking forward to the marathon month of grad school auditions.
African leaders, some with questionable human rights records--yet to recognize NTC in #Libya. Why they are dancing around issue is stunning
Everyday I am surprised at how thick people can be. Seriously would have thought I'd know better by now.
Big day in SF! The 's on ESPN, Mashable, and Venture Beat! Leaving for Israel tomorrow!
Just cooked for the whole house, and didn't eat myself now it's nap time
David is flying his toy helicopter outside and laughing like a little kid. I have a man-child for a father.
- even the booby prize has a booby prize lol
Life is mine now. P.S am selfish ;)
#Obamaforgot his family's secret dog marinade.
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useless information on the internet.
Love is blind. Friendship tries not to notice. - Anonymous
Take responsibility for your actions and stop blaming the other person.
I don't really let shit get to me but once you get me mad, I WILL go off on you & you'll wish you never made me mad.
Glad you are enjoying, & we're thrilled to have RT : Adrian Gostick is fantastic and funny!!!
Putting finishing touches on NNES/Error/Ideology paper for Penn State; realizing finishing touches really means "better read this again."
it's Martin Luther king jr day
Preparing for a #flipping paintball war with #flips or bloods but someone's getting painted.
When is she filming the next Charlies Angels?
Just saw a Penn State winter coat on the street covered with trash and crap and looking very sad.
Marble or limestone?
Attendance 770,932, the highest since 2005 RT : When do you expect to release attendance numbers?
For all those interested...the Right To Life rally is at the State Capital from 12-1pm today.
I'm so old, I remember when Weezer was awesome.
they better step it up....
No, i'd probably say more like from DWTS but a little more latin flair.
so why am I wide awake at 830am on my first day of summer?
Reading is quite relaxing, actually
Merry Xmas! Listening to USC Annenberg student Brian Lauritzen's magnificent show on Handel's first Concerto.
r u back in Cali?
Hold on....Boosie free?
what ?!?! Consider your cherry popped ! Let's go !
Put a smile on your face(:
Just worked through a bank account connection issue with support. Great experience. Nice example of a customer focused startup!
semi, semi I just wanted confirmation
that's not true!
yeah one sec.
i like tha nose ring
Thanks for following me! :) Ditto for you!
Coffee and Pop-Tarts in the afternoon!
Good morning :)
#first40songsonshuffle 20. all time low - damned if i do ya (damned if i don't)
#ImHappyWhen I make money
Feeling good feeling great ^_^
why u no follow me?
That is such a sad story. Worse are the jokes in the comments about a child who was being victimized.
I say ditch Lin and use mid level on Nash
lol. im so ugly when I cry.
Cleveland media reporting that Lebron could return to the "It would be great to play in front of these fans again" he said. Um...what.
your middle name must be like your joke "stu pid"
..but do you get in trouble for your dogs...i seem to
Just a warning.. I may undergo a DJ name change soon....why? because DJ Jon_M is kind of lame. Anyone have any DJ name suggestions??
we need a man's point of view
Almost time for work
Tough tough night , can't give the guys enough props..
I shouldn't't have to hide all of my POS in the trunk of my car in fear that a Bar Fly will follow me outside.Or for that sake a Bar Manager
i forgot about this letter aw;) rips it up an burns it on fire
Are you a #tarot reader? Do you use a specific deck for different questions, i.e. love, career, etc? Let us know!
Cowboy quarterback Tony Romo has a golf handicap of +2.1 which means he's better than a scratch golfer. #bpg2012. Huh. Who knew?
Well I guess consultants can decline consults.
Motorcycle cops all over thornydale & ina again! Watch out!
Humble thanks Sir! You are such a fab twittersupporter! Peace!
Where did u come back from?
from one Bear to another - thanks for connecting on Twitter!
Joe Paterno R.I.P.
thanks. i'll have to give that a try :]
RT : Shouts to all the peeps that came down to or we're already there. I was on cp time.
His golf bag does not contain a full set of irons. ~ Robin Williams
Thanks! It's all Wordpress.
horrible for 55 mins, but beats a bad team at the buzzer?
RT : BE AFRAID.
S/O to for the follow I'm returning the favor with #ATX LUV homie!!
Leake's lucky long leggings!
James and the Heat have their work cut-out for them without Bosh.
"thanks," "thanks for what?" " for being a bitch" #jake&amir 
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if u use gro store plas bags as: suitcases, a belt, dental floss, hair protector, sink stopper, doorknob trash bins,etc.
we had a blast, thanks for hosting!
Day 9 of #BlackIsBack2012, which means it's MURDER IN THE LATIN QUARTER day. Hold onto your baguettes, it's about to get real.
As if anyone needed another restaurant startup idea... I could really use a conversion tool. SF's version of Chicago's Athenian Room is ___?
Gulf shore blvd and countless Naples memories.
Virginia Association of Community Banks Endorses CSI’s Web Portal Solutions
Go follow this Amazing Mahomie right now & shes really Pretty... So follow her.(: <3
if you are in need of continuing education classes visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Damn near unwatchable.
#Its2012WhyYouStill wear glasses with no lenses---> to me thats some ugly sh*t--->As teens/kids call them "Nerd Glasses"
I look like an asshole now, and everyone's gonna think of me as a bad person.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That I See & Smile Like An Idiot ^-^ <3
thats my point don't he declared himself something he wasn't yet. And then cried foul when we held him to it.
Someone cook for me!!
Trying to get a new phone. This will be unsuccessful.
word; u Fam then we shuld chill ?
Please follow! :) #RNGeezie right here! :D or should i say #ICONicRNGeezie ;) PLEASE?
why not
i watch the new shake it up
bro what up woo woo woo you know it
5 Tips for Moving Social Media Leads Into the Sales Funnel
All students should come into EWC Carmel and get waxed!
Hey, I kind of liked "Midnight In Paris." Then again, I was an English major.
paranoid is what you are
Heading to the #IGDA #GDC party at 1015 Folsom. Say hi if you're going! I'll be the one with the BlueLine down the middle of his shirt! ;)
I'd love to attend -- is it happening in NYC or SF?
I finally have a clean car 👍
#skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that #JuliaRoberts and the #StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?
Obstacles dont haveto stop youif you run into a wall dont turn around and give up.Figure out how to climb it go through it or work around it
Enjoy your weekend !!
Listen at 7:43 to WIN tickets to see Hunter Hayes at House Of Blues!
Ah yes!
Paul Romer has it right on engineers. So does the WHCouncil on Jobs and Competitiveness.We need more. Lots more. #aspen ideas
just hit the hour mart
yeah me too...
Lol. Tis so true. Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card! :) couldn't respond to your msg for some reason...
"It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that." - G. H. Hardy
That would make us sad! :(
Hello there, bunnies Thanks for the follow!
yes! i got the day off so im staying all day there!! :D you?
Thank you for this tweet! Well said! (tweeted :) )
You should send them that photo of you wearing Batten shirt on Mt Kilimanjaro!
Brandon Snyder, 3-run homerun. Now has 5 RBI on the night against his former team
Holiday Tip #2, once you have decided how you want your holidays to look like, next you must set a budget before you begin shopping.
what! Wow I'm so jealous :)
Likewise. I had to scramble at the end to get to MKE. Fun seeing you last night at dinner. We'll talk soon, I'm sure.
#BofA2012 shareholders go through light screening before can get in line; being let inside ~10 at a time; screened again inside.
you're the best. Thank you
Shout "When I'm done" DOPE. Baby face-esque! Ha
Its the most wonderful time of the year! Getting rid of Griff Bucks season! HMU friends!
Driving a fleet of salt trucks right now 😡
Anybody want to talk?
Sappy bitch
Then say u love somone else smh really.
U at venus... any situation there is probably a clowning twitpic
Fuck this traffic
Gtfo of here
You should be more concerned that you record your guitars in garageband amp simulators
lol then I'm gonna teach you lol
woo!! *high fives*
To whom that much is given, much is required.
I am sorry I won't see you, will be spending my first holiday with the new in laws this yr. xox
New blog post on art storage project coming soon; look for clever, economical ways to safeguard your art
Macrina states #VCU Research is "open for business". Embracing opportunities to create products for commercialization and partner w/industry
The AD at Arkansas did what most of our Facebook friends said he should and fired Bobby Petrino.
A hint to go to bed is when the kindle shuts itself off so on that note goodnight!
In soo much pain D':
I'm in
Congratulations to for being honored with the National Service Advocacy Award
how's workouts
MOS WANTED CREW, RATED NEXT GENERATION & ELECTROLYTES ♥.♥ shdafkjsafhkjfshdnfaksfhnsdkjafahdsnfaujkds.
Hahaha in a public restroom right now & some dude just started singing 's Holiday, in a high pitch voice & everything. So funny!
TY! and did a fab job! RT : excited 4 and to make their TV debut!!!
hey are you going to put the #Kickball Championships brackets back on the website?
You're welcome Sandor. I'm a real estate attorney here in Miami. If I can assist you or clients please let me know.
yes you can go 2 the website....audacitysouth.com
I should lie and tell her it isn't all ages!
because she related to me! Duhh lmao
This is an official statement from Chauncey Black of Blackstreet..Teddy Riley and myself have just signed Glenn Adams as an official member.
Thanks for Re-Tweeting the Relay for Life Car Wash. We are really hoping for a huge turnout.
There's a certain divine truth to intricacy...
No program in particular. But thank you!
I'm not late that's you !
Thanks for your donation !
I went to sleep just now getting up!!
I had the weirdest dream last night....what was it trying to tell me
auction at with I THINK YES! Stay tuned ABQ
#Coconut water, you taste so god!
love you for this tweet =)
hey Todd, thanks for the follow.
is in! RT : bombs next time
Ask and you shall receive, seek and you will find, knock and the door will be opened. Matthew 7:7
Read The Intro To The MOST Anticipated Book Of The Year...... www.nickywooten.com
I watched it and i actually thought his speech was pretty simple, straight forward, and inspirational!
Indeed! as they say in theaters, "Walk, don't run in case of emergency" - much more important to get it right.
Would LOVE to see NRO's! Do you have any to share? We're doing another flickr collage...
I'm excited to be performing with you at the IPL Opening .
I just don't understand.. we find a way to LOSE to BARCA no matter what huh?! Any team we can beat EXCEPT for THEM
Finding some quick food, then off to the studio. :-)
We have #fallentoaspirit here at the Scott house this #WhitneyWeekend. "I Will Always Love You"
i'd ask y...but I definitely kno ur answer...wat u up2?
Shoot its like I mentioned somebody was pitching a no-hitter. RT you tweet too soon :-(
Thinking about taking up golf in the off season. You never know who you might run into. Maybe someone who’d play golf if he couldn’t play QB
Obsessed with my iPad
Hey bruh, I haven't forgot about you man! I'm still workin! Just taking my time Fam.
One lady fell through the gap almost hurt herself
Is it weird that I keep smelling my hair since I used the hotel shampoo today? It smells minty.
Happy Birthday !
In a room with grown men drooling. Andrew wiggins just destroyed this game....dunks on dunks on dunks
Found my keys.. yay!
ahahaha! I'm here!!
Not tht I want to be alone, it's just I can't be lied to & dogged out by the same crowd. Something must change.
Laugh my ass off!!
#IGotNoRespectForYou , Kobe Bryant. I Saw You TAKE The Ball From One Of Your Own Teammates . Tf, Share, Your Good But Its Ur Team Lol
ppl at work is so excited about me turning 21
#HA She blocked me on Facebook. Silly people.
As I said before, I never repeat myself
Twitter was working , now lagging . WTF >_< Virginia <333
Moe I got like 3 follower I need to catch up I late
Got u RT “: yo don't forget my northface tomorrow”
we just got graded from and their interface is new and sleek. we like. Plus we're a 98.9
Who remembers Oscar?
#thatawkwardmoment when Jessica Simpson tells you her baby girl's name is Maxwell Drew.
Starbucks has the Onward book @ 50%-you only pay $13 and they give you a free $5 gift card-awesome last minute gift!
Ok, so a quick 20 minute nap can easily turn into a 4 hour nap. At least now I have the motivation to get my homework done.
Ate too much at happy hour. Was good though...
Whatever it is ... this too shall pass ... I'm praying for the two of you! xxoo
God made mud, God made dirt, God made country boys so girls can flirt ;)
you're welcome..?
Will do. RT : k get fucked
I'm off to Nassau, Bahamas
Walmart at valley stream, New York is the worst ever.No traffic control,crowd control NOTHING!☠
Success often requries help. It is interesting that often those we expect to help us don't...help often comes from unexpected sources.
�If your social strategy relies on advertising in social media, it�s probably better to hang on to your money
Has been hacked by alyssaaaaa!!!!!(:(:
RT Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~Abraham Lincoln
Have I mentioned how much I love homework? Yup.
I wanna go see Wicked!
A B2B Marketer's Guide to Great Facebook Pages
that awkward moment when you're unsure whether your friend is laughing or crying
5bdrm 3full bath house in my hood 140k you guys should move here #Vegas no state income tax
#MissedCalls do me
#RestlessCity got me all energized. Need. To. Direct. Stat!
Tday is the day! Crazy release party tnite, single supposed to hit some outlets at 12 am, video going live even earlier at 10:30 pm est
PLEASE CONTACT IMAGINARY TALENT FOR AUDITION INFORMATION.
Maryland makes history! Equality is a beautiful thing.
14 mins till I we get off and go to the crib
Good Am Shout out to my New Followers
Looking back @ the past year... Lost everything in a business when the economy took a dive. Now starting a new one & facing more challenges
#ransom #SoCal So nice to finally meet you! I've been hearing stories about the great Iwanaga since 2005!
: awesome. Let's be free of our drama and never cling to it again. Thanks for the RT.
#NeverShouldYouEver Feel Like Your In Competition When You're In A Relationship With Someone
you mean he has more choices than completely bald by 30?!?
i say its amazing
"you went from cute to cancer in about 2 minutes." - M
Indeed, it's cool.
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
Almost 500 followers. Thanks for the interest everyone..
I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe.
For the next two hours i will be saying farewell to one of of favorite shows ever. Goodbye One Tree Hill
I've just discovered #MIKA. Please tell me other people know this amazing man.
NO FUCKING WAY??
surprisingly yes
follow the top home town newspaper writers & twit links for specific teams
Also, congratulations to all the runners in the Pittsburgh marathon. Beautiful day for it I see, wish I could have been there.
Being around hipsters is bad enough. Being bossed by hipsters..... A hard shot to the pride.
ah that's a good idea. I can't believe how much paper he comes home with! It's hard to decide what to keep
In my opinion, there is not "best type" of brushes, usually cheaper brushes are not as durable
Porsche Reports April Sales - Sacramento Bee
Okay a samurai umbrella? Amazing...
FML right now 😡😔
Indeed my Bro! Nice ya See ya!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 41
well let me know how much the tickets are
Deserve new water. RT : Old flames...
I like the "cleaning my glasses" approach myself RT News alert! Americans using other side of street to avoid talking to people!
Is that b/c he makes gifts instead of buying them? RT : Santawitz Clausenstein RT : Santa was actually Jewish
Ur like jordans on a saturday I gotta have u and I cant wait
Well it's from 7:55-2:20. That's basically our normal like last year. Tech just puts 20 more minutes there to fuck with you all.
design some stuff for us? Yeah!
New Cause: Get HERS scores on the Multiple Listing Services. Who is with me?
#Nf hey thanks for watching the show tonight fb!
Last 8 am breakfast with and
I've invested far too much money into one Triathlon. I thought I was a marathon runner. Cheaper! let us get tires this weekend!
Oh well he/she is in a better place now <3
you keep thinking that :)
Wye Oak's Civilian is my new favorite song thanks to The Walking Dead. Cannot get it out of my head.
How many boys how many girls?
Thanks for the RT. I hope you can visit the Rose Compound again one of these days! The last Old Chub beer is saved for you...
The Corporate Team Building Event will be exciting after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I am sure your Nan is celebrating her arrival to heaven. Thinking of you!
Agreed! RT : Who else is going to the event on April 19th? If you're a designer in Detroit, you better be there!
its soo funny to watch fans panic of all these teams on twitter... red sox.. yankees.. cubs... brewers... really.. its the 4TH Game of year.
my cat and I have a grindcore band.
When are you going to talk about Obama trying to bribe Sestak. Everyone else is and we will see an impeachment in 2011.GFYAH
what's up lil hitler :)
Just Like A Shoe, If Some1s Meant For U, They Will Just Fit Perfectly: No Forcing, No Struggling, No Pain O_o
Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey all my fake teammates, when do report again?
Looks like matrixing to me...
Cranky Amy is in full effect today.
I wanna be broken , when im weak , thats when your strong Lord . When im less , thats when more of you show !
Aghhhh I'm so freakin aggravated!
I sure wouldn't want my brain surgeon tweeting on the job!
Just Bought
Bailey's leg air kick > life
lol, I just finished it myself.
#strayer is a huge rip off!
now you know how i feel
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. Charles R. Swindoll
we gotcha fam! stay positive & keep shinnin!
happy new year! All the best to you
glad you're playing for the pack. Lol. Welcome to titletown.
LOL that sucks i was out yesterday with a cracked wizdom tooth i gotta get it pulled friday! all cause my stupid tongue ring lol
Best Summer 2011 Day So Far: Showing my sister's boyfriend how my cat can stand up, and watching Toddlers and Tiaras season premiere.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
#OperationCupOfTea is the U.S protesting against the British again ? Cause without them we wouldn't have Harry Potter
don't b a hater! Lol
It's the Winter Games for grades 4-6th! Join us @ the library Sat., Feb. 18, 2-3pm for snowball relays, snacks, & snowflake decorating!
Thanks for the shootout! Love the latest issue. :)
Is it bad that my treat after finishing my teaching syllabus is choc peanut butter ice cream? A little counter productive.
just followed you on Tumblr :-D great blog!
If you put an effect on audio on audacity and then don't want the effect...can you go back? I have done too much else for undo!
You win some you lose some...
I've only been skating once or twice... but it is annoying when new people think they're experts at something.
ohmyygosshh i totes want to win the microphone is giving away..! I love and <3
Thanks to those of you who are following us here on twitter!! Please follow us if your not, or tell a friend :) god bless!
Allergies suck!
woah now mo. You best be telling me who this is about. Sext me boo 😉
Congrats to our home town LA Galaxy on bringing home the MLS Cup!
Kind of bummed the Deftones are playing with System of a Down this summer
We're working on a little incentive for all of our current backers and anyone who backs us today...We'll announce in the next 15 minutes!
Never make a choice that will make you liar for life. -Andy Stanley
smh no black instincts are to move the fvk outta the way
MIKEY DOSNT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND
Updating my #iPhone to iOS5. bad idea? we'll find out in an hour. Yes, apparently it's taking THAT long to update.
When the weather gets warmer like this, I get absolutely obsessed with moving to California. I want this weather year-round.
We currently have Amber, Wit, Stout and B4 on draft. Stop by for a
Wednesday specials: ½ off select appetizers go great with $4 local beers. Drop by for lunch, dinner, happy hour or late night.
Um yeah I'll have a coke. And some fries. Oh and one of those happy meal toys. Do you take monopoly money?
bo fuck you 49ers they still suck beat my seahawks dam it
so I what?
Gonna rain tomorrow..
This might well be the case. Although it would be a pity, as many of the most insightful posts have come from "amateurs"...
Stop stalking me!
thank god it's me!! Your soo sweet!!
If I could wear yoga pants to work life would be awesome....
#friendsmarathonallnightlong.....that's all I have to say about that :)
#Politics Cain supporting Newt? These two must have something in common.
right here
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.1
I don't know how you can say it's "stat blip" when interest AND traffic has been down to blogs for months.
Dancing is happening. Great DJ at #BackstageBash!
They are just a jumble of joy
"It's not the door you're using but the way you're walking through it"
CounterPoint >>>>> very tempted to go. i wanna be an ATLien
interesting, catchy fact here, fact fact, fact. hashtag followed by a couple of words that sound cool together. (link optional)
LMBO! No he didn't! Smh, it's double trouble in the house w/ too! Lol!
reading dubois ...an oasis of simple faith and reverence in a dusty desert of dollars and smartness.
Convinced an rising eighth grade student to go to college, but is that really my accomplishment or the university's?
Have 1 party with a purpose ticket. Any takers? DM me.
Right here ": OKC! Where my Lakers fans at?"
Thanks! U rock!
thank you! :)
okay for some reason my twitter never informs me when I get an @ mention, so this wouldn't be the best way
“: love it!!”<YAY!!!! Thanx my love. I'll post more as soon as I get more pics!
I'M SUCH A DESPERATE LOSER LMFAO. I'm dying at my own words
Klout thinks I am knowledgeable about "White People"
Won't be in today (Monday) because Monday seriously ruins my weekend!
My tweet game is off. Boo.
Helpful insight to understand the correlation of how our brain functions and why LinkedIn fits well @
RT : "The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch." ~Jim Rohn
excuse me! Haha :)
Eating my cheesecake I got from the cheesecake factory
addendum to last tweet: the only one in our collections that we know of.
#FF - For a voice of reason while we all get snarky:
Tan me up, Mr.Sun :)
If ur texting me u love me then y is it wen I text back u don't reply until like 3 hours later saying night
2012 New Media Web Awards Heralds Expanded Categories
I don't think you're disabled :)
Have a drink with LIVE at 8PM Sat in #BrewCity. "Cheers and Jeers: Alcohol in America." WATCH & LEARN on C-SPAN3.
I miss you guys already :(
If you refer to your girlfriend or boyfriend as #oomf , you deserve to be single!
how have you been? Haven't seen you 4-ever.
Thats because it's not on sale yet kid :)
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be
You know what refrain keep hearing at this discussion on RDA? 'Cataloger's judgment.' Trust the intelligence of your staff!
Hey dudes, we'll have new music up here next week! Yes, yes, do be excited =]
*Doorbell rings* Me: OMG JUSTIN HAS COME TO GIVE ME SOME PROACTIVE!!!
Love Life
Working hard today. Sandstorm gone, reinstalling equip', testing, busy as hell, earning my paychecks, Zeckovich family tradition worldwide.
cereal... Too bad they're not playing anywhere in Cali this summer...
i would pay double to see that :)
Only person I need is god And my mama that's it
S/O to a new friend and follower fuck witcha boy the long way iight
Agreed. #Liberty and #Truth are the teats. I'll be in touch! Thanks!
+takes you back to WHERE you WERE... not the first page in a category. (I'd complained to a dozen people about this.)
t(-_-) that's how I really feel
yayy off to school-.-
Guys, check out my blog for my Stilton and Apple Soup recipe :)
We wish all of our Twitter friends a delicious New Year!
lol! Im still here. hows everything?? And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady. you got that slap ya momma cooking
#follow the CMG movement :
Ir's alone time with my thoughts. Flying to London, unplugged.
Mom said she doesn't want me to stay up late.. If she only knew...
#Neversaynever to #God. Always say yes or the journey will be longer with more trials. He does it because he #loves you
#LegoSeriousPlay models engage a team's thinking in the explicit.
with the man on fire JoshatAMG
hi nick, i'm a mom of a type 1 diabetic. i'm writing a book of T1 poems, would you write one for my book? please?!
Stop the presses: MT Grateful for all of the Soldiers Airmen Marines Sailors and Coast Guardsmen who serve our country.
Yeah! Thx thanks for your site. your site have made me open my eyes to shows on the web that i did not know existed
Enjoying some delicious and fruity SIP Moscato Wine W/ !!!! Perfectly Fabulous to start the Evening.
dude, hop on this trend
Mi-Tyme rocked the stage tonight..Thanks for those who came out to show support!
ever feel like your about to explode because you love someone so much?
Right now I feel like Drake's "Headlines's" 1st verse.
I should be sleeping, but you know.. I'm on twitter.
In memphis at #KurtCarr 20th anniversary... Who is here?
filling in. Tomorrow is my last day.. Even though my body will finally be sort of ready for it finally :/
power outage during lunch caused my co-worker to have to use the stairs to come back to work. Really sucked as we are on the 10th floor :-/
Free screenings tonight:Bully at Studio Movie Grill Dallas, Wrath of the Titans at Cinemark West, American Reunion at AMC Northpark.
Life is like riding a bike, you have to keep yourself balanced- to keep moving."
You're looking at the Foursquare mayor of the National Corn Grower's Association (which happens to be in the building where I work)...ladies
hum 1D jonas Brothers? lol the basic fan girls
thanks you sir
good good, just getting shot done. How's your family
DOJ sends the best press releases: "LOUISIANA HUNTING OUTFITTER PLEADS GUILTY TO ILLEGALLY KILLING PROTECTED ALLIGATOR"
Yeah. Someone just called me 'one fat ugly bastard' lol. It made me laugh. I may not be skinny, or the best looking. but
Show up with them stacks, lay them racks on my rack.
#afam12nu how do we negotiate black studies departments being the conscience of university and being successful administrative units?
The word "Aloha" has such a deeper meaning to me now. Who knows, maybe one day will be a tattoo.
“Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.” ~Mignon McLaughlin
Heard from #icsc and #mainstreetfairness on federal remote collection legislation. Gaining Senate support. Still work to be done.
Sarat is with the historians on
i just pre-ordered a children's book, Knuffle Bunny Free...who am i?
Destie and I kicked some major #yoga butt tonight! Go us!!
Florida is another freaking country altogether.
: Thank you for all you've achieved at forest, I wish you every success in the future
I may not have much in this life,few pleasures, few friends,few resources. But I cherish what I do have, and am very thankful for it.
I don't get it... Haha
whatever u do, don't turn on the #Grammys right now.
#Top100Lies "she's just a friend. You have nothing to worry about"
#PRDLA U Auckland's Flaherty speaking on rolling out and then back a single libraries search box. Also asks us all not to (c) our metadata!
Today was god 😁
These are my views. You don't have to agree. But I do think she has sold us out.
#winning is still trending? That is the definition of #winning!!!
My sleep hasn't exactly been good the past few days. What's bugging me?....
need a topic
For your Wats are in full view if the Lord and he examines all your paths. Prov 5:21
I'm bipolar, so when I get into a funk, it can be seriously long, then go on a jag and write 10 blogs in 2 days
Is your family OK with you weight?Do people accept you for who you are? Your friends make fun of you every now and then??
I'm with the Lakers when we get our ass kicked and when we are showing off our banners... Day 1 Laker fan
Watching MacGruber for the tenth time in the last three days, third time in 24 hours. We're cool
lol what r some funny sayings REPLY i cant wait too see wht u guyz will put amuse mee lol
Lol why thank you :) You're pretty funny yourself...your witty tweets always make me laugh!
Exhaustion sucks.
I need about 15 of your holiday roasts to get me through the year. Please sell them year round. Or send me 15. Thanks :).
lol, expect i don't swim lol
Heading to DC today for a couple of days of work, smart conversation, excellent food, and urban walking. :-)
Being in Love is a great feeling
Todays an exciting day! Putting it in God's hands! :)
Excited for our Kikeh Mato gig tonight at 10pm, free Afro-pop! Let's pack this dance floor Madison!
RT HUGE ANOUNEMENT NOW WORKS 4 A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY BASED IN LA, N NYC I'M LOOKING TO WORK WITH SERIOUS PROMOTERS / INVESTERS
I'm writing a horror screenplay about a group of teenagers who get stuck in a cabin in the woods. Who wants in on this original project?
What's wrong is letting Koreans continue to monopolize who can sell human hair off the heads of our India sisters. I wish Oprah would help!
I say medium or large and put the onus on the barista to give me a dirty look.
hey handsome how r u?
Just finished a nice work out .... Feeling super pumped now off to get my princess ready for school !!
idk what you're talking about sir :)
I am the tallest guy at this happy hour... and I'm not tall.
A student just asked me to write him a recommendation letter. I LOVE THIS JOB!
RT : Look clearly @ yr life&commit 2 letting go of whatever is holding U back including toxic habits, emotions & relationships.
is on SiriusXM Channel 106 RIGHT NOW!
Hey come check us out at the alley tomorrow night with dramarama. That's right, dramarama.
ha. ha. (stephen laugh) so cute & so true.
I'm getting drunk today cuz it's #CincoDeMayo... ah who am I kidding, I'm getting hammered cuz it's Saturday.
I love you!
thank you. I'm glad that after a year, u are still following my work. sincerely heart felt.
Where's my iPod at? :( not again..
And I don't mean that pejoratively at all. It's part of why this is the best #IronMan movie we have (to date).
You've been too busy for COSTCO?! Ok, now I'm worried...
since day one I've been up and down
I have "Arming" on DVD...
Did Rick Santorum just compare himself to George Washington in a debate ad??? LMFAO!!!
Welcome back, sir. We've missed you!
"if we were all pokemon then i would be a charmander, because i have the hots for you"
your welcome..i'm here if you need any help or more support. (:
07/22/2011 - Community Growth Committee Speaker: Terry Wheeler, CEO Cypress Fairbanks Medical Center Hospital
#MiddleFingerUp to my haters.
lmao don't look at my profile to make fun of me! All I need to get my followers up is 2 things: some tattoos & dreads.
alas, msg says you are not following
Learning about Open Source IT Management Tools, Notes will be in wiki Thnx Jon
you're welcome! :-)
The Salvation Army will not accept Harry Potter toys because they are wicked, but they WILL accept knives and toy guns for 7 year olds. Wha?
Accepted. Now to make it thru inspections.
Change= Reach cultural elite, minorities and youth; share God's forgiveness, hope, source of value. Kay Coles James
Now that's how u get it done
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams
ok i will try to text you from my ipad. Dm the number again.
When the inside of the body, the outside of the body & the environment are in balance, r pets r well in their worlds. www.wholepetdiet.com
Laying in bed reading trending topics instead of a book
#3WordsForYou I have food.
Look forward to the port, & single varietal Touriga would be awesome!
Devin's new job title at the Bistro: Bouncer
Rosenthal worked at the Associated Press, where he served as Moscow bureau chief
what is sneaky? that they track who is following you back?
Both weekends :)
is ready for his last week of classes. Then back to a normal schedule.
hey if it makes you feel better i believe she called me "insane"
Maddy, what am i doing with my life. omg.
Im getting a new phone!
With #pcbw in the rear view, #Savor 2012 is now the focus -- 40 days away
Adele makes me feel free and I just start dancing!
Had a good mothers day <3 Applebee's was delicious! (:
Hey Jenna, love your profile pic!
with this mornings purchase, I now have tix to see the RHCP, Aziz Ansari, and Fun. all within a week of one another in June. Should be good.
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances. ~G
IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!! JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD
no sir, twasnt I.
you made the right decision young grasshopper
YES! Man, was that huge.
It's time to party it up again!! We kick things off at 9pm with San Jose's one and only DJ Nelly.
With each word your tenderness grows, tearing my fear apart. And that laugh that wrinkles your nose, it touches my foolish heart.
that was the best season finalie i have ever seen. but the only negative in that episode was looking @ 's boobs.
Vlad, U know I feel about Lock, the same way U feel/felt about Doyle's Room!
Haha! RT : makesure 2 butter the bacon and bacon the sausage RT : Oh yeah. #bacon and assorted meats
Im a poopie with -We're named that by Allie :) HateLies<3Trust
9/11 Ten Year Anniversary Samples and Drops up now!
Thanks for the follow Michelle. Just checked your YouTube reel & love your announcing skills. Awesome! - Drummer Charlie Z
Thanks for following us!
MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187 THATS WERE YOU CAN PEEP IT IT GOT A LI'HOME VIDEO TO IT.
the Surly IT Guy trope got old, like, yesterday.
= friends' blogs
Guranteed to get her WET!!!!
There are folks on YouTube who swear it works. I'm not convinced.
I need a wee but I don't want to leave the computer, expect radio silence from now on while I concentratte on tickets
: GM Mr. C! U my friend is oh so AWESOME:) Peace &
Better to look at yourself and other people as you and they "could be" rather than as they are. Become the product of your vision!
session in 2 hours
You've decided not to chill tonight huh?
Resonance arrives June 19 from Wadjet Eye Games
“: Im there man. Just lemme know where.”b
Aw, Florence is stunning. Been many times. And you can drive to Siena which is gorgeous! Very excited for u :)
it's already gotten!
My homegirl! I am from Santa Cruz.
DIEGO!!!! How are you?
Tavares pokes one in from the slot and quickly the #Isles are within a goal. #Flyers 3, #Isles 2 with 5:55 left
I love even though she never texts me !
Fuck you facebook ¬¬
Good luck with WIDR Week! Hope it is a successful campaign. Time to support #WMU's student-run radio station, adopt a DJ!
My cell phone is named Erin Kane. Of course.
Oo shit! Here we go again!
reality is a lie.
#WVLeg redistricting maps look like an economic stimulus package if you are a political consultant in
What's the appropriate time and place to tell somebody that their sex is so stupid and gross that it hurts your feelings?
Busy holiday meets busy week. Hello Monday, I'll see you at work.
Hope everything goes well for and Nova today.
I have to keep reminding myself to let it go.
Why do a lot of women consider plastic surgery before working out or hiring a personal trainer?
I hate to say this but I Know gay people and I support Civil Liberties and Right 4 Gay People but I DO NOT Support Gay Marriages
What happened to the Lawrenceville Zipcars, they seem to have disappeared without a trace
finalized my custom domain name for my e-portfolio. thanks to & for reliable service & clear directions!
Irony is: digital humanists having Powerpoint difficulties
Standing outside the fire
Prez Obama Should also think about Not only Jobs to the Infrastucture But also Other Jobs Like Customer Service, Etc which is Gone to India
I hear you about car dealers.
I never hold grudges, i always give somebody a second or third chance, not because i forgive them but because id like a second chance too.
I only have to read until 2 to finish 24 hours reading since yesterday. Plus, I don't work Monday. Won't push it, though.
Broadway Barwed. Its going down . 8800Broadway Vj Mystik playin the best music and peter blu hostin. Always crazy packed lets party rock ...
“: OHMYGOD I AM SO HAPPY: The Skeetones are playing a Ghostbuster's theme song cover. Best night ever! #TheHeightsFest”
Great, looking forward to it.
All plays documented on Facebook "ALWAYS" - We have not lost once in our last 10-11 plays. One play pending this afternoon,then onto SNF!
would love to have lunch and talk and with you
so vinny doesnt talk to all the iconic boyz??
no doubt, a five car pileup would have been less damaging...
tonights the last night in the ole apartment...moving day tomorrow
The Guto remembers when Joe Wiz used to be hardcore. CC:
4:30 AM at the gym? Sir, I stand in awe of you.
I did. Hope yours was good too. Thanks for following back. :)
go on!! never give up!!
Came into the office this morning to find a voicemail, left late at night, pitching four books of poetry and a screenplay. Sigh.
Are you a fan of Aaron Horkey's artwork, designed some of the most insane decks ever!
Dastardly! Site down the day I pay off my balance! I wanted to login and see those zeroes! (J/K but seriously-come back up!)
it looks so good!!! Love it :)
whole site loading slowly, cant add a link to my status, images not showing up... day 2
I miss you.
My DREAM Act would say every homeless kid goes to school!
Headed to San Dieguito UHSD College Night? Want to talk #journalism, #PR, #advertising, #mediastudies? will be there. Come by!
Sounds great!
Great shoot at the wellness center this morning. Pool class, aerobics, spinning class and weight training.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D
I am loving Clash of (Titan) Kings. Thanks for the delivery!
sweet dreams
I love you Sean Sullivan!!
It takes 26 hours for the average person to report a lost wallet. It takes 68 minutes for them to report a lost phone.
Santorum's gonna take away our porn but not our right to curse out reporters.Good thing,because with no porn there'll be a lot of cursing.
Whispers baby listen..
I'm so excited for glee tonight its been so long since i last seen it
RT": #Retweet If you are blessed in life"
okay, followed you! Follow back?(:
Well we got our NT,very highly rated pick on the board 77.0 pick,nice job Black and Gold
Choose the right location and neighborhood for your restaurant business.
you improve more and more with every video :)
That should do it!
I took issue w/ another part of that original comment. My response is up.
We need more #feasting! I'll be your best frieeeee-end!
Start thinking of healthier choices instead of settling for the fast and convenient food options..
A disciplined approach to problem solving moves a team from wishful thinking to new knowledge, specific countermeasures, & permanent results
Need a count for breakfast. How many #tpedge members coming out? Tweet back plz
Do you believe in magic?
Vinyl Hours Radio on now ! :)
The shit in toilets of porter potties must come w/the toilet. You don't see shit like that anywhere else!
Testing #intelhybridcloud today. Got firewall working protecting 2 x #Win2008 servers, numerous #Win7, etc.
This classroom im in for first aid smells like straight chlorine..
Thanks to all who came last night to our show and helped bid farewell from the team! So excited for your new role on iCarly!
Yo bitch we from the sitty that rock bright orange suits and steal toe boots
Does he really message me more than you, that's bad......
Had a great gluten-free lunch this week--thanks to and Bistango in NYC. First time I tried and I would recommend!
Best day of my life #YEE, thank you <3 you really don't know how amazing you are(: <3
no, I'm in the classroom :D
Me & lmmfao ! Where is Ashton when you need him!
Sure is! RT: Ding ding, there goes the trolley - such an awesome asset for our tourists to use to get around town!
Hanging out celebrating with #Abqheadinghome. An amazing project!
...back to work and ready for lunch. Fuse Balance Plate with grilled sirloin please..oh and lot's of salad on the side!
Working tonight over at the Salvation Army, working with kids in the brass classes! Sat., got a gig with Third Stream Giants! :)
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1918 for the first time in the U.S., Daylight Saving Time went into effect.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards faces trial Pakistan bombing kills at the latest on the link
shut the front door! i didn't know u were on twitter! u could help me. i still dont know what i'm doing here.
Reliant k is amazing
laron Landry just another dumbass signing by the jets
Kentucky looks NBA ready
A quick exercise break lead by during the #physicalactivity session! Everyone's wide awake now!
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:S&S EP.
When I was a kid, I never got to goto work w/ my dad. Thank God! He cleaned Port-O-Johns.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff speak to other females while your with her !
Where is your favorite place to run in Vancouver? Especially on a sunny day like today?
Let's start with mobile UI standards. Apple's HIGs provide an solid basis for designing apps. Android has very few guidelines.
You're gonna practice your at-home burlesque steez!
Back in the US This is one long flight home
Great day #Ravens and #Terp wins
I burnt my whole entire face off! Pauly d problems
Oh!I guessed but I thought maybe it meant you couldn't
Gonna race the coaches today :D
Ive talked to Liam before
More than halfway through April and only 6 "likes" before 500! Don't forget - if we reach 500 in April someone will win a great prize! <3
I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE Microsoft Word. Least intuitive logical program EVER.
“: and I got my mardi gra mask on already poo #KNOWME” that's what's up!!!!!!
go 4 it! I stole it off someone else! Let's keep the thievery going :-D
Wishing all a day of gratitude!!!
Hey guys just updated my FB and IMDB pages with new episodes of my webseries and my reel!!...check it out and tell your friends
Big week at #Chicago United Center this week. Wednesday Bulls game, then UFC on Fox Weigh-ins and Fights Friday and Saturday!!
I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough <3
#ChrisDavis stopping by #BaltimoreSun tonight to help produce photo gallery on today's game. Thanks!
this is true. Good luck. CO will miss ya!
I'm doing real good
Tom Nelson: Global warming hoax promoter Somerville on those ...
lol I will be! I miss convos with you guys!
If the Broncos make the playoffs, Fox will be coach of the year and Tebow will be a pro-bowler !Take that Mr. Elway...
Bout* Was too hungry and sleepy to care. lol.
Hope to see the #MaherManiacs out in force again tomorrow for our game against Centre. tip at 1pm, we tip at 3pm.
is really rocking it!
and i go to tell him, and he's flipping out about us being careless (uh, its your cat? And uh, it's probably your fault?)...
Making Macadabre take a cold bath with ice to solve his burnt penis problem 😂 I'm a great friend!
Where's the peace and quite when your trying to sleep?
Great movie...
Highly informative region C meeting at #WE11. Great to see old #SWE friends and make new ones
It's on like Donkey Kong.
Groundhog Day here at the Shultz Compound!
They're gunna make this series closer than ppl think
I am shocked you don't already. But welcome to the rest of your LIFE. :)
Why isn't cupcake delivery a thing?
I just want my dreams to come true.. does that mean going through someone elses drama? Working two jobs? Flailing around so I don't drown?..
OMG BRO. i went to vaughn today.. omgg. leviathan almost made me cry. LOL THEY WERE TESTING THE RIDES :$
But yeah, anyways.. how is everyone?
glad to hear the recording is going great, it's time to put Nashville on your Radar soon,,don't you think?
Baltimore Grand Prix
Thanks for sharing!
please. please. please. I hope I won
I miss my Marvel cards! If you were little and remember those awesome holographic rare marvel cards , you're cool!
Remind me to never go to a NRA convention in life.
75% of web referrals come from Facebook -
Topic for today's lecture: "The Supply Side: Theoretical Considerations [Necessity is the mother of invention]". And no, , in MGH.
“: Farting in my mom's face while she's sleeping so she gets pink eye #YOLO” did that once
You'll love it!! Just make sure that you stay until all the credits finish. There's some extra goodies at the end ;)
Had a great time at #hackto this weekend. I was really impressed with so many creative apps and so many people learning the #freebase API.
and was looking for a laptop that I can rent
please #1DMix933 please please :-)
Lamborn probably should have announced the congressional mtg via his twitter account
FSU can't afford to buy their way out of the ACC.
should REALLY follow for his birthday!!!! (:
not to think too hard.
yeah, ask him what kind of shot he wants next time he's in Missoula;)? Nah...love the new stuff GD!
One more cup of coffee. My body does not function without 2 or 3 cups in the morning.
I wish I didn't have plans on Saturday so I could come out you killed it at Tryst!
Yes thank you. How have you been?
Combine work and personal. No walls. It's all the same!
Really, I want to know: is paying these people?
A thrilling win by in overtime thanks to .What an exciting game. Clips now up 3-1 in the series.
Chinese manufacturing declining. Business activity #eurozone falls. Concerns: French elections & Dutch political instability hit EU shares.
Excited to get outta the house tomorrow! Been homebound since Sunday. Blaah, I have never been so bored in my entire life.. bye(:
I might consider it if it weren't so pricey ;)
the mariners fans were so wasted they helped him catch the last out
yea it is i jus saw it i was parked by it
I start my morning off wit 2 sausage #McGriddles and a hot Carmel Mocha
Hakeem Nicks!!!! Most clutch post season pass in recent memory. Absolutely outstanding! Nicks/Manning have the
What time is the event wit
bc i can tell on how you reversed the thing lol.
Thanks guys for all the recent Twitter love!
IL Access to Recovery grant pays a huge amount for screen/refer; huge amount for unlicensed "recovery support"; & maybe 25% for treatment.
time to take the snuggie into the office and take a nap
Call Me Maybe-- that super catchy song. sing it to him :) he hates it. lol
Anecdotes regarding 60s classic rockers have never been too exciting. C'mon, singer songwriters!
Get rid of FLASH and convert to Mobile Compatible Format with iNETdx.
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
so grateful to you & Gretchen for yr support & #solidarity! Great to see you tonight at #keldaparty (kinda weird when I use it!)
My last letter was a U lol.
A poop to remember..
Sorry for the spammy RT tweet. The "guy" tried to hijack this acct. #carryon :)
la vie en rose...
:c Y u no hold me all night long?..
Glad all these 3yr olds got jerseys they can wear in 15yrs lol
2013 All-Star game will be held in Houston!
no shes a bitch
Wow, now Wolf is going to let everyone talk about why their wife would make the best First Lady.
I just saved a woman from being backed over by a semi truck! I literally had to run into the street and push her out of the way!
Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, To YOU!
Crushed a lamb shank at Legume and finishing off the night by sharing a mean old Tom with great evening.
So am I! What are the odds!?
Feel a little low today. Need someone to try and make me smile and succeed!
Even if your blog is fairly new you can have your posts featured on the Technorati tag pages by tagging your posts with relevant tags
i just saw ur live chat!!!! i have a suggestion for what song you should sing: can you sing "move like jagger"
Awesome! We would love to see them!
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com!
Slaughter of Europe's indigenous #tribes--who did it? #Why? EMILY'S FILES & I AM EMBLA #mystery #suspense #action #wrappedup in a
Hey even though I want to unlock a Geth for MP, I'm doing #turnMEoff to show that I want a good conclusion to the story!
I KNOW. You admit you like my cockies...
MT Pettigrew : most important reader expectation is quantity - how much we get, how to get more. #toccon // & who's in charge
SO much for tightly officiating these games....
starting my job in two days...eek!
that my friend is the street I live on!
If your gonna be something, don't be a dick rider ..
The customer service folks absolutely nail it every single time I've ever called. Odd travel, linked rez, whatever. Thanks!
Hey chick
"It's hard to be an angel when you're surrounded by demons.."
I am shuting the door for all bullshit and drama..I am to grown for the bullshit..
I'm currently working on a new single, hope to be finished soon!!!
Little bit. Didn't even cross my mind-- but nobody complaining on Twitter. Differences in expectations?
damn lawrissa u going at everyone
What team do you think has a must win game this week in the #NFL?
so excited for the #iPhone5 to come out so everyone can shut the hell up already. i want to read about something else
if it says verified then yes
wwell ya should be :)
#JohnMayer's new album release in t-minus one week and counting. Listening to the full stream now.
First day at my desk to do just do general work in ages. Lots to catch up on.
Trying to vote is like running a gauntlet! Back off people.
SO TIRED.
Fucking on my mind
if you were pooping Rainbows I'd call you a Unicorn
Crazy right :)
Bashing the heat over a lost wont help the Lakers or another team in the NBA....
After a weekend of non-stop campaigning, I'm looking forward to the Mercer County Jefferson-Jackson Dinner tonight.
I suck big dicks!!
Mad Men: Adulthood Looms &quot;At the Codfish Ball&quot; - Huffington Post
LOL Remember the guy you used to mess with?! You didnt put his name so you got like 3 or 4 Spiders tattooed on your stomach?
Hiker says he warned officials about cows in cabin near Aspen before they froze
any ideas what to trend about Austin?(:
Great quote from tonight - "I'm Jesus first, Baptist second!"
God the #saints are cocky at home. Can't wait for everyone to annoint them even higher this week only to lose at tenn next week.
Sounds like the makings of another "HMM"... (Hot Mess Moment)
There's some major political news brewing! More information coming up on at Noon!
so how old are you
TALKING ON THE PHONE!! WITH
Also makes one a much better cook.
I wish I could figure out what freaking program is posting to my twitter account, I have never posted get rich quick schemes...hmm
Good luck TJ! RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!
hey Crimson Tide, ya hit your Stride tonight - congrats 2011 BCS National Champions
i did not. I had you but u changed ur username. Lol ill put u when i hop in my computa babe
Swag, Swag, Swag on you♥.
bye Grace! :]
Google Drive storage is 1/4th the price of dropbox (100GB for $4.99/month) ? you have 24 hours to match their pricing... go!
I'm now tweeting as
Tipsy :s, tonight went in too bad my mom is sick :(.
Best of luck to everyone participating in a Winter Study Abroad program! Be safe and have a great time.
i just yawned at ur pussy that means im bored....NEXT!!!
I got u... U got that exotic look. Do a spread in a jungle somewhere.. Sorry my imagination is taking hold now...HAHA
loll my mom is doing the most.
Chip Chantry's One-Man Show (w/ Special Guests) is at 8:30pm on The Adrienne Theatre Main Stage, 2030 Sansom St. Be there, get cool swag!
IT IS RAINING OUTSIDE?. I BELIEVE SO. GOOD CAUSE I DONT WANNA PUT ON REAL SHOES. LOO
I want to watch that! RT Can't wait for that new Fox show "So You Think You Can Swim."
lol yay!! i got a 92 percent in my history quiz
Business should come before drugs and partying. Period.
Agreed as an expert. Stop the head shots and make players wrap on tackles and watch head injuries decrease 3 fold
Do all the cool campaigns you want, but if you lose my luggage it's a waste
Supply lines in war are now IN the fight; convoys attacked by IUDs and life changing injuiries
I can't wait to get some left over turkey and take a huge thanksgiving shit.
Get a life
Kids need to play outside.
Nobody can bring you down, unless you let them.
Thank you to all that came out last night and rocked out with us at The Rutledge. Hope to see you again in February!!!
Come visit, we'll drink cheap wine and make mean comments about people's ugly pants in Soho.
Let Me Take These Daisy Dukes Off LOL
Played $240 HORSE at the Venitian. Was slight chipleader at 24 left. Then ran awful to finish 12th. Cash for $654 up $414 but ugh..
Tune in to ShopTalk with & : shoptalkshow.com/live/
I'm on here, and it all makes me nervous...breathe, Bruce, breathe...
Weathers clearing up! Rally rally rally
Bleach is in....in bout an hr pink will go in....cnt wait to see the results
If she's younger than mindless behavior #shes too young for you bro
What's up world?
visit our webstore and be one to get one of our last 8 pairs!! welcome spring back in style with guie
The Walking Dead is so epic... this episode is wow. <3
AGREED!!! RT: : If this St. Johns/Vill goes into another OT I'm going to fight someone!
Thanks to all the food dudes and dudettes that came out Friday and Saturday If you about, come on out, we've surprises fer ya!
Donald "Duck" Dunn....RIP
yes! I'm guessing you have a lot of people to visit
FYI, you missed the . At the front. That was sent to her.
Thanks for the follow; look forward to learning with you here on Twitter!
Evan Turner was named an Associated Press honorable mention All-America selection
Fun! :) If you haven't yet, be sure to do a Google search and type in: let it snow
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY WE love YOU!!
My college boyfriend would get so stressed, his hair would start falling out. I'm getting there.
but #SWTOR is not in mac yet.
please follow me you crack me up!!
Got my passport now it's time for some stamps!
Coming home to a dark house is like playing Alan Wake...
Due to power issues after tornado(s) in Prowers Co no school for Lamar School District.
Im gonna be home al summer so i can bother you as much as i want lol RT Lmfao my cousins >>>>>>
A seriously fortuitous and rewarding collaboration.
He'll have to offer something in the 5-8 mil a year range at least RT BrockandSalk: Wonder what Phil Knight will offer Kelly to stay...
Congrats on the new gig!
High-school lacrosse: Bumps, bruises are a way of life for goalies - Columbus Dispatch
Jamie Moyer's first televised postgame interviews weren't talkies ... subtitles only.
I just want to make everyone happy and it stresses me out!
You'll be in my suicide note. Xo
Way to screw this one up, Ohio.
no that's you
I feel uncomfortable with following me.
It's a great tool, thanks for sharing!
Its been over a year i started in head over heels but he messed up then i stepped back nd he stepped up!! This year we is just lovin!!
Just finished Christopher Morley's Haunted Bookshop--glad to know HRC has his copy of Carlyle's Cromwell, but a bit nervous to open it...
#MyPastRelationships are the reason why I've been single for awhile lol
My bro Kevin is at UHS & FCAT assembly 3rd & 4th period, ready for a awesome blessed day! (=
I don't think Lucy likes Haydn. She's quite startled by the percussion section.
CDC now explaining where parents get vaccine information
Agreed. Disorganized dump. RT : As much as i LOVE Miami, I strongly dislike the Miami Airport :/ gahhhhhh
Witnessed two participants doing a fist bump during a VTC this morning. Funny.
Yeah...me too. Somebody should alert him that his twitter account has hacked!
Downloading the #icecreamsandwich android update for my htc #sensation. Preparing to be disappointed
some people think their poop doesn't stink, but it stinks
I know this is super random lmao but you have a celeb look a like! Google Louis Tomlinson. Legit and creepy o.O
is your GF done with her undergrad? taken the MCATs already?
Please make sure that you honor our Hereos this Memorial Day Weekend. Time off is for respect for those who gave the ultimate sacrifice
I got the first two, what's the last one?
You two were
You too! :) xoxo
Well, I think I will! :)
I need a garden expert on Twitter. Someone I can send my constant questions to. And then they can answer. #isthereahashtagforthis?
Completely agree.
Treatment MICROCURRENT drains lymph and increases blood circulation and decreases puffiness. Also stimulates your ATP healing energy. $75
I wanna watch star wars. I've never seen it :(
Been living on Panera the past few days. Luckily they make some good ass (and healthy) sandwiches.
OakleyFrugal Fashion: Emma Watson&#39;s pool party style at Coachella ...
...looks like it was written by someone who cares.
Just finished an amazing lunch at Doc's Barbecue in Columbia, South Carolina.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say “thank you?”
still awaiting your first tweet dude.
lol I'm bird watching
Performing improv - Ladies Night: Comedy for a Cure!
I meant minutes.
Winkler's getting in a lot of entertainment lately... I saw him at Best Man last month.
About to do some shopping. Heading to the beach Saturday. <3
thats really nice of you Singleton. Bullies suck & remember what goes around comes around Niki, stay strong.
can't wait till summer.!
Grand opening ceremony held for Swiss International Hotel Xiamen - What's on Xiamen
Chronicle was lame, now checking out Devil Inside Me. Also Blake Griffen is an overrated punk. I hope the Spurs sweep the clips.
Is this the first episode of Martin..?
I still need to do my science -.-
Booze is the greatest of all equalizers. Rich drunks and poor drunks both pass out the same way.
There is always a consequence
Still doing nothing. My family are all lying down & I'm just talking to you. #NoShame though. :) x
RT : This is the fun part of NFL meetings - there's nobody to talk to and media starts interviewing each other. Shoot me now
distance yourself from the current field of GOP candidates running for pres.
Congrats on signing w SD
Key takeaway from API panel: NPR eats its own dog food...
Need more tank tops.
Lol, I saw that man! I am working all afternoon into the evening so none of that for me, but something I'll dabble in next time
Oh no! That's sad. I don't have that issue because my "height" (i'm only 5'3") comes from my legs. I have a shorter torso.
... And just because you got over me.. Doesn't mean I am going to do the same..</3
It is what it is and that's how it's gonna be.
Glee will be doing Beyonce's Girls Rule The World tonight.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 38
When my bestfriendd sees a cute guy and she says "mayne hol' up!" Ratchet ass bitch! x)
“: Make Me Famous NEW V-NECK SHIRT merch. YES or NO? :)” FUCK YES V's ARE THE GREATEST ATTIRE EVER.
great show. Space shuttle Columbia episode is one of my favs.
Been up since 6 handling some eat koast business
Had a delicious Bahama Mama smoothie today next to #JeldWenField. Highly recommend. A great hang out space as well
Our desires have been steam-engined since the dawn of the Industrial Age.
I haven't been to sleep yet! x
thanks for the help today.
There is scotch. So it's still a successful evening. But I need tacos and matches
after 6 years I hope ya do haha. holy fuck i have known you for 6 years...wtf
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
Like the rest of us, Romney made $42.6 million while he was unemployed.
Definitely let me know when you're in the area!
Fantastic. Love to hear those stories. Good luck. Let us know what we can improve.
Ugh i want my arms around him now!
If I survive this monster proposal, it will be a miracle.
should I get in there with you or....
#NAS for real though
Happy Sunday! :)
Ive just started using tweetdeck, what an awesome tool!
Matt from NYC. Hope everyone is having a solid day.
Ha! Oh well, Matt, I don't have that much estrogen anyway!
This is not too pretty...
is this a real goodnight?
The Princeton Association of New York City is looking for a Joomla developer to help upgrade website. Contact hjparr(at)alumni.princeton.edu
Hoping to, just have to confirm w/ work. Would be great to finally meet in person. I'll let you know as soon as I register :)
right back at ya (;
MAN 2 DAYS TILL MY NIGGA GET OUT EVERYBODY POST MY BOY SUM LUV ON JAN 12th
I do or rep that P.H.A.N crew for the 6k tweet
*white people magic*
If you give in... What does that make you? Never Give In.
Busy, busy, busy and ready for the weekend! What are you doing this weekend?
I love the #MonthOfMay cause alot of shit happens in that month.
I just deleted approx. 1,800 unread messages from my inbox. It's been a long time coming.
glad your back, might want to find a restroom!
Very cool night in my hometown of Chapel Hill. Obama, Jimmy Fallon and now Dave Matthews. Lucky UNC students! Enjoy
are u excited for younow? I'M SO EXCITED <3
The Microsoft cowboy hat survived the trip back, and now I think I need some salads. Thanks to Austin for a great week.
Someone had asked earlier for good Derby Day pick / info follows. Here's a few: / / /
The Avengers once again, that's right I'm watching it again.....cause afford to ya bum.....lmao
ok will do. I've missed having him recently. he catches on quick and has a nack for it.
Show went well. I sold a few things. Learned some helpful things to do in the next show! :-)
Thank you! :)
Some people where just born to be high
better prices?
. force of habit? insanity? : re Panel presentat'ns: what need r we trying to fulfill w/ confs & panels?
#imagine Louis in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Cons who commit their first SEX offenses in prison tend to become regular sex offenders after release. Demand action!
Where's the link to your book?
Pls follow me so I can connect with you all and get to know you better through Twitter! Thanks!
Cute is what we aim for, lmao i remember when i saw joseph with one of their shirts on xD
Glad my dad's procedure went so well yesterday.
- That's a CUTE dog!
hope u had fun in NYC <33 love u and can't wait to see u again. Soon ;)
We're gonna start taking pre-orders soon! XD
hahaha my pleasure ❤
I have to go on tumblr to find pictures of Justins Viddy video. Its time to change my icon and background.
So at the end of the day life lesson learned NEVER go to sleep angry stay up and plot your REVENGE.
Thanks for playing Ruby Soho, it was just what I needed to get the day going
Bingo prizes @ Sunday’s finale: Up to $25 in gift cards, MM prize packs, Baskin Robbins, Wendy’s Frosty, more chances to win & more!
"...taking off my coat, clearing my throat."
Beautiful people are not always good but good people are always beautiful.
I can confirm that one!
Also thanks for thinking of your old pal for a ride :)
This woman has a linebacker neck. It is unattractive.
OMG THEY ARE SO MEAN TO LOKI.
