We loved rockin out with you bro!!! Lets do it again SOON!!!
Same reason pasting in plain text has recently broken? "Software sucks!"
Dang! is Finland's #1 adopted son! They give him so much love!
the best advice i have for presenting is know your topic inside & out, and be prepared for questions!
What's my age again?
What an inspiring way to start the week! Thank you for a great event,
Sweet! Just got my card
Still need him next 2 me
sure. c:
if u go to the strip club don't bring ya phone hahahaha
Does the Politico guy have a speech impediment?
It was great! We will be back RT : Thanks for visiting BARWEST!
hey cherry plum
RFT! He's too cool for us 😒“: I've been following for the longest and he don't even follow me back, smh.”
": send me a number to get at u on" ok kool dm
hey whats up?
on definition of a startup = a temporary org designed to search for a repeatable and scalable biz model
A new mixtape song is coming out with a video! Be on the look out for that!!!!
I am a Budha Pig. I am Blodwyn.
What are you doiing for THC?
and i wish i knew you better so i could give you more useful words
Have awful lessons on a monday and tuesday!...
That's great. Thank you, Olivia!
Are Panizzi and Cutter and Ranganathan really relevant in today's information environment?
Watchin NFL draft online... lil suprised so far, cant wait for the new season to kick off!
I love me some Cam Newton, I need to find the ad haha
good to hear that we're connecting! Let me know if we can get together on more projects!
how so?
Gonna be real irked if I can't watch because #cwmadison is having technical difficulties
So ready for my night class to be over! Ugh, 9:30 can't get here soon enough.
Hola twitter amigos just wanted to see what's going on with the World!!;>
oh I defs will :) lol and I have to finish a stats group project sometime in the evening but I'll keep you updated!
Maria Acebal, CEO- write a letter w/ yr personal story of #foodallergies 2 yr senator about School Access 2 Emergency Epi Act
JUST MAKING SUM NEW BEATS D.I.R.G BEATS PRODUCER GREEN F.O.E A.D.S
smmfh he think he a G now....smmfh here I cum now
i know exactly how you feel :/
omg that's exactly my point! Wtf is her sister doing tweeting "hey guys its true she killed herself"?! That's just insane
Some things I just dnt get.... nd never will!
Dunk Contest is 1000% GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!
so many homes so cheap, no rush cause it's not going up anytime soon :)
Yes. A Play On bracelet. When I reach 1000 followers the person who gives me the most shoutouts gets one.
im not scared just pretty grossed out
I would be tickled pink if Amazon lets shoppers pick up at their warehouses. Walk up and a robot hauls a fridge onto your pickup.
are you still building a case? Pretty sure there is enough evidence to go to trial at this point
Shout out to my boy Chef ( clap,clap) Dynamite...support is mutual keep rising, Mind Up!!!
healthy at the start of next season i would make that bet w/o doubt but im realistic about my team
apparently he also did Drop Dead Fred. Mind was blown. Haha.
Thousand foot krutch.
when you have a great anniversary with your girlfriend >
My kids love School House Rock (circa 1979) & they're learning math and science. We need more cartoons like this on TV today.
Gary Hoffman's LIVE webinar re: college financial aid how-to www.therealcostofcollege.com 2/17/11
late night coffe! keeping me up!
shaq. At his peak (albeit with the lakers) he was more dominant than dwight has ever been. Plus he was in kazam
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: use a/b testing to see what post formats bring in more money.
my whole life
MORE: the fire was contained to 51st floor of 55 story high-rise. Fire is out.
did you still have youtube , i just want use to keep in touch .
lol I keep forgetting to disable that
Drinking wine from a soda can... God I love #It'sAlwaysSunny
I'm ready for a drink or 15 after this no good very bad week
Rumor has it Facebook Timeline for businesses is launching this week...keep an eye out!
Presidential Heating Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Can't believe Colton is off American Idol... Just about done with this show because of it...
Sorry, had my appt, then coulnt find you.
my boo! I love u more.
I'd like to see at least one field goal from
me too!!!! hey if i apply at sqaure cow you should also!!!
You know, when you live tweet delicious meals at your tavern, you just make everyone jealous, right? ;)
Windows XP activation call center was very obviously celebrating Kali Puja. Certain I've never been put on mute more times in one call.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
Fucking love you.
I had a great day - videotaping leaders in CA schools talking about the BTSA teacher induction program - mentors helping new teachers thrive
I'm the pocket sized Domo!!!!
did u drink to much maybe?
Also is totally stuck in my head And has been since yesterday
That was nice.
CONGRATS! on the 2012 Best Places to Work in Vermont ranking.
#ff RT Whenever Rush Limbaugh gets lowered onto his wife, I hope she remembers what he said about contraception.
My mom suggested that I should go to school late tomorrow because "I look like hell". Sounds good to me
So excited... Lil Wayne is coming here in Honolulu, Hawaii for tour concert at Blaisdell Arena close to my work place..
Watching Deadwood in earnest.
: Haters don't really hate One Direction. In fact, they hate themselves because our boys are a reflection of what they wish to be
haha you'll be fine!!! Just stay off the course, stop drinking, lock yourself in your room, and you'll get it done
That officiating was a joke. Outrageous.
thanks for the RT's! Have a great weekend!
I wanna put nutella on nicks #Nickyballz 
Have fun, but be careful.
Tony is on the way boss
Good Morning..Make it a great day everyone!!
"I think he needs to go through a more extensive hiring process next time." -- me to Li'l D on Mickey's crew of Goofy and Donald
My job tonight is to make an espresso martini.
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a drink?
Morning run >.
if he was really rich, he'd drive an aston martin
I hate square dancing!!!!
His Spanish cousins yelling abuse at him #Torres #Chelsea gold
OH YEA, OH YEA, OH YEA!! Lol... U gonna chime in one of these days too!! STOP FIGHTING IT, lolol
Figgins assuming he wins a job
#nowplaying light of the world - alan parsons
Kroger is closer
RT - Miami Dolphins waived OT Tyler Donahue.
No, you didnt get 28582972 likes on you're picture cuhs your pretty, you got it cus your boobs were hanging out.
You're joking right? RT Playing around with HTML is strangely relaxing...
Penn State needed to make a splash. Munckak, Golden, Chris Peterson, or Greg Schiano
Tossing around terms like IFB, screener, rundown, pre-roll, slate, & lit satellites in prep for
American • Obama Sees Steep Dropoff in Cash From Major Donors ...
Are you in need of a #vacation right now?
Yes!!!! Balotelli is going to be great for the Azzurri in the EURO's this summer!!
Lets go Celtics
The bad thing about you is your face.
Dear God me and have seriously lost it this time. Seeing who can take the ugliest picture....
Got my new phone yay
Android Developer seeking a great opportunity #Android #Job contact me
do you like pudding. heheh(;
I love you
when are you coming to florida? I got people to buy all the rage btw (: i'm such a huge fan!
#FearTheDeer YoungBuck outshines the big 3..with the help of some solid Bucks D
haha. My bad
These girls who just came in are pretty hot but the guys with them are total douchebags. Typical Friday night in Philly
what does he even have to talk to them about?!?
Slowly dosing off..
hm fruit, fruit, bran muffins, fruit, or bran muffins?
Hi Marc. Welcome...
Dreaming recharges the mind
You are all set - reminders are coming out soon - we hope :)
Damn, you beat me to it. Although under my advice they'd probably all end up looking like poorly-conceived narcs.
ha ha I've never experienced that portion of class... I must be attending the wrong ones!
yoooooo what up doe
Happy halloween!! Trick or treating with buds today :)
Missed lunch cause I had to turn my waiver in.
Summer Deals are in the works for Mr.Bill's!!! Get ready!!!
The #'s are Devastating: 1 out of every 54 boys are diagnosed with Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
#Staycation w/ Mama Flamenca. Decompressing before the storm ;)
Mitt "Say/Do Whatever It Takes" Romney is addressing the NRA today!!
dude! Soo we really need to hangout. I miss meh bestfrand :/ but I'm excited about the concert with you and Brittney (:
Whew! Laundry is done, dude!
Fml she is here
new joint "the chills" is super dope! first release off our mixtape. drops sometime next week! ha
It's a beautiful day for a burger!
next time.... But we all need to go on a road trip and record it
It's a St. Pats Day miracle! My mom is on twitter!!!
Dark chocolate is full of nutritious elements, and im not saying that cuz I'm eating some now LOL
i made it my favorite
Does any one else like Dubstep?
thank you for following back
I cant wait until Cinco De Breezy ;D.
"I love books because you can be good at reading...you can win in the 100 book challenge!" Rowen Elementary 3rd grader
Vision of African American memphians & White memphians enjoying the theatre together. Bandele wants to blur the racial divide.
- sorry I missed seeing you at the event yesterday!
sick of this whole school routine already
20 bottles of wines by the glass, 20% off for happy hour. 9-11pm
Yeah! can't wait to do this!
holaaaaa (: tell your mom I said happy mothers day
There's a thin line between innocent & whore, actually it's a string, a g-string.
Prego e Buon Natale. This is what Sharon & I do for Christmas each year. Enjoy:)
good night!! <3
Mizzou is doing remarkably well with five players on the floor who weren't good enough to be recruited by Kansas.
No luck with Farragut we've arrived at Franklin square on the corner of I and 13th come test out our new spring menu, we know you'll Love it
Ej phair cumbre del diablo rounds out the evening. Very crisp with a nice hop bite
Nice! RT Amazing to see the explosion of awesome #p2p #collcons platforms & services - check out the list at: bit.ly/qpPPxZ
oh sorry love):
I'm dissapointed u should of had that fight
Re: Job Creation, I think there's plenty of work to do given that there are ONE HUNDRED SEVENTY FIVE MILLION ORPHANS IN THE WORLD!
it looks bomb!
Alex Desoto if you look in uspa or WABDL those are the federations we pull in
I foresee a grasshopper infestation at your home soon
Nope! . Funny how you live in a super expensive house and I live in a crap shack and your power goes out all the time.
Starting a Miami Interactive Marketing group that teaches how we do the things we do so well... look out world, details will come soon.
it's every Sunday! Maybe next :)
Yes, please & thank you! Send them to my blog post for today!
just got off work. Bout to hit the weights with Dubb!
If you graduate this year | Text 8042459688 w/ name & school !!!
As of 2day 999 Overwhelmed CDs sold/given out. Prayed blessings on all who've rec'vd 1. Only 1 left so, let the next 1 begin?
Salsa in Kansas City is at the Monaco tonight in Martini Corner! Dancing starts at 9.
LET'S GO #CELTICS 🍀
#Christmas #money Make extra cash for the holidays! Furchangeamerica.com
So frikkin perfect.
“: #Leo's will remain loyal but once crossed deep down it's not likely that they will trust you again.”
There is a timelessness4 retirerment inyrs 4 work 4ever 4others be and artist of 24/7 awareness.As but now Spring , single to mate a new be
In the Burgh smokin Cali RT : Off day in the Burgh.... Cool
YES!!! In ya face Pittsburgh! Play dirty and pay the price.
Ion think nobody fckin wit me wen it come to mskin koolayd
well yes, that would make about anyone's day lol
lol its some true shit he is a scam
I just have to say,"I'd love to see some1 try [new tech]"and 1 overachiever jumps on it
also checked out your cumbia spot, freaking D.F. dancing machines twirling and whirling like unbounded trompos!
If "iTV" becomes a reality will we see a serious movement towards a Direct-to-iTunes distribution model for TV and Film?
Tommorow ain't promised, live like it ya last day
My Hair Is A Full Mess But Idc 😊
" Dear Facebook, I heard Twitter's replacing you. Hellyea, karma's a b*tch! Sincerely, MySpace."
:pls say more about what you see as the future of enhanced e-books.
loved it, bought it now can we buy #yesterday ??! Absolutely gorgeous version of one of my all time favorites
I didn't take any but my friends did so when they post them you can see
Good luck tomorrow! Show that he should make a guest appearance on the best Tri Podcast.
So sad to hear the one of the greatest voices in music is no more....
Thank you for the RT's!
Tacoma police say couple held hostage for 3 hours in overnight home invasion. Man attacked when he tried to escape. More coming...
i would love to say i believe you, but based on your facebook lately I beg to differ.
wow man, that is intense
since using TC2000, trading has improved. lots more to learn. was time for me to make that step. THX 4 ur suggestions!
Tea beckons us to enjoy quality time with friends and loved ones, and especially to rediscover the art of relaxed conversation. ~D. Johnson
I need more ties.
is at the Catalog Use and Usability Studies session
Damn that's cool, a little munk. He's gonna be one striking creative little dude.
you can also use the timed release. I'll show ya.
Is there going to be a tweet up?
I can't wait!
That interview w/ G. Zimmerman's dad was some rehearsed bs he got from his son....
hey will try my best to get there (I told other wikians to check it out too) - if not see you in portland :)
For instance, 'Give me an example in the past when you've anticipated a problem and how you handled it.'
Can't wait for Wednesday...;)
So honored to play with special guests on Fri and on Saturday!
I so sorry señor. 😔
oh and Dan, did you guys get my email?! Hahahaha
IT'S OFFICIAL! Lady Gaga WILL be at the National Equality March. October 10 & 11.
RT : “We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing” - George Bernard Shaw
LMAO IM DYING LAUGHING at this convo!
Great! Thanks so much.
It's Saturday... Is the Internet down yet?
Just finished teaching part one of my two part Sign Language for Librarians workshop! What a great group of librarians!
YOYO when do I get to hear some tunes.
Follow my peep! She rocks!
nice blog post. I'm doing research papers now. I love being right there as they take notes rather than lecturing on note taking.
I am now the proud owner of 2 Coachella wknd 2 tickets! So stoked! Now, who's coming with me? :)
is so drunk
Question of the Day: How does one live forever?
I hope it all gets better :}
lol well it may be better but now I'm hungry for something good hahaha like Tacos!! Ok yay glad u got it, was messing up earlier
I hope to finally meet you and your fam tomorrow !:)
happy #WW my friend - formerly tweeting from Better Wine Guide - I hope all is well with you!
. - #NOLAFoodSwap isn't our baby. They are hosted at I suggest tweeting them!
I told my daughter she could pop 12 bottle's of milk for her 1st Birthday today..
at home in Waukesha
Lol RT : If I win the lottery tonight, I'm going to fill my car all the way up with gas.
Sam Still Loves Freddie (KEEP TRENDING!)
Great. Thanks
Yup. It's attempted, but it never ends well. Non-Existent.
Holiday vacation has never been this boring.
When will there be a hearing on HR 2885? #EVerify would open jobs held by illegal aliens 2 millions of unemployed Americans
If Dallas was more bike friendly I'd reconsider my primary mode of transportation in a heartbeat.
awesome. Thanks and best of luck with it!
he taking long man
I hope that CJ Watson shot was tipped. That thing wasn't even close
white guy huh?
yeahman, I'm Blessed bro, u?
You mean "fags"
Drakes album <3
U2 concert tickets for Foxborough, Tampa, Vancouver, Landover, Atlanta, East Rutherford, Pasadena, Chicago go on sale tomorrow.
": Thanks for your support! It was fun hanging out with you!" Thank u Edie! It was great meeting u!
Reading #worstfeelingever, a trending topic, today. I realize this stuff is garden-variety Twitter fodder, but I still marvel at it.
I came out to a job at 11am for an hour or so today... Now Im hoping I didn't disturb anyone...
Remember when we used to stay up till 4 in the morning talking? Yeah, I kinda miss that...
The thing where all the right songs are playing at all the right times.
this birthday girl song goes fffeeeddd
Thanks for the wonderful malbec blend and the cheese plate
The crash has caused some small spot fires on the runway and are currently being put out.
BITCH I'M RIGHT HERE !!
hahah. We'll see, but I got OKC anyway.
hey everyone. How are you all? I'm good!
Lurking the shit out of this convo on my timeline
just a thought. whos still for "stop kony 2012"
can't wait for the cubs/cardinals game tonight
#notkidding leave or i will punch you in the throat
haha so how ya ben ??
what if she followed me? :o <3
Great group of indivuals!!
WAS INDY FOR A MIN HIS 1ST MIXTAPE NO TRAP ZONE 2005 I STILL GOT IT HE PASS IT OUT FOR FREE
#halftime wanted to see a wardrobe malfunction though
Love Rendezvous? Spread the love, recommend us to your friends!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore? Try never mind. The Raven
I think you've got a second career choice! Good job.
hi niall,i wonder why i cant direct message you. Do u have any idea why? ;D
Breaking Dawn: amazing. iHop service.. horrible! Great night :)
Invitations are done :) party is going to be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!!! if you get invited you better come cuz it will be the best party ever!
Ellis with a clutch three
Fast and Marginally Annoyed
David Collins theorizes the category of the "post-anything beer." I feel this concept is worthy of more in-depth study.
I've given it some thought...and if asked, I would be the first family's pet.
Please get back ASAP. We need you out there.
I believe everybody should get prosperous and famous and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the answer.
they put on a good show last night I might add!!
I'd like to send you guys a couple of if that's ok? I can also send the new Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns CD. Jeff
My step sitter and nephews are here so much fun
Hey! Do you need someone to help you with a paid search campaign? If so, I can help with that! :) Let me know!
re: fashion.. and probs buy more shit
YAY! Congrats! Right behind you...RT HEY TWITTER I FINISHED MY UNDERGRADUATE CAREER LIKE TWENTY SECONDS AGO
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing.
Thanks and thanks for sharing!
it is a shame, any compliment to a girl is taken as "thirst" these days...I didn't realize there was something wrong with being nice
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. ~ William James
Yet another set of #kettlebells r on their way.2 me from Speed sets w/ 18kgs shortly!
Thanks Pirates- Down to 9 now!
well I love me some art
Is anybody else watching 'Justified'? I need to discuss season 2 with someone!
well what kind of phone do you have? Blackberry what?
DSL TENNIS FINALS - Chicago Tribune
Im so bored. I wish Jimi didnt have work. # NoLife
Just not when trying to lose the initial weight.
It's the weekend, but for small business owners when does the week end?
Just woke up 👍
“: Happy people are always looking to help others. Unhappy people are always asking "what's in it for me?"”
I'm just going to apologize first, get it over with. THE GYMKATAFATHER. Part 2 is better, though.
For #facebook, use large photos with caption of 14 words or less. Ditch large blocks of text.
Happy Pancake Day! Looks like cakes 'n' beer for dinner tonight...
Come on down on Saturday and say hi. We'd love to see what you have to say, human mic-ed of course.
No birthday.. But I get cake!
...maybe I should shave to.
Eating lunch with friends at #MTSUCampus <3
Thanks Shannon, it's always exciting to see where your words can travel
Thanks for the mentions Have a great week!
I miss you guys too! Ended up going to San Diego, currently helping with funeral stuff, but nice to be at home!
I try :D
Did you just call Portland "Portlandia"!?!? FUCK YOU, GOD.
tweetadder is downloaded from web to Mac or PC... Yes, it's twitter manament software
I want to text you soo bad, but I'm afraid you don't want to.
busy is good and happy about is even better! I've been busy with my paintings :)
So they had a whole weed bust in darby today..smh.
You bet! Thanks for the great tips/content.
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC!
#1thingiwant4christmas - My Family
it hasn't changed, he is working to make us happy (:
: Yup. Anger is like a holding a piece of paper. Sometimes you just have to let go
Leake is fooling NO ONE.
great seeing you on Tuesday!
“I assume we’re angered by use of military successes for political campaigns because none of us were alive in 2008 or 2004"
needs to rethink her digital life
Ugh I always get nightmares lol.
Ha! With a good portion of the bill going to 1-900-Call-Toto :)
OMG i was thinking the same thing lol
I miss Jet Jet! :o
If you don't let it out, you're going to let it eat you away.
Thanks for the RT
Everything is beautiful! Where are you sitting, by the way? :)
Great. Woke up and got sick.
Just got out of work. Is it me or is there a sudden over-abundance of dead cats being left on the road!
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill
Followed. x
Shout out to and much appreciated! Make sure you guys check them out :)
Childish Gambino at the New Daisy tonight! Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island tonight! Make sure you're at one of them!
Looking for comfort food tonight? Come to for our homemade mac&cheese, grown-up grilled cheese & cream-topped bread pudding!
Follow me as I am a potential Qatifi true blue hoya ! HOYA! SAXA!
Electric cars need portable battery packs. You'd go to gas station & trade empty one for charged one. Or you can charge it in your apt.
You guys were awkward
Don't want to go to school :/
Dear fans, You can't skip Match Play and be player of the month. The world's best were in Tucson not Pebble.
let me know when u get the info I wld love to be apart of that too
right now I have 3 roomies, & I'm only living with one of them again next year :) what are you gonna be doing??
RT IF YOU LIVE IN SAN ANTONIO LIKE ME!! :D lol
This rain is ridiculous...
don't forget, it's namaste, bitches!
Outta this world. Total recall.
I see entered the Top 10 on Gospel Songs chart! Congrats man! Still remember the first recording in '05
best business ideas
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his girl like a queen :)
Why is it whenever jc goes offline im always on. And then when i leave he comes on. Does he like read my mind. Or. Hdkgleihdisp. Fucks sake.
Glad to see the wizards win
Psa 34:14 Depart from evil and do good; seek peace and pursue it.
Not sure how I'm functioning right now. Sleep, my best friend, is nowhere to be friggin found.
Have a safe trip & we'll see you soon!
The RAMS were out training with SEAL Team again this morning, learning a lot about ourselves and the team. Season days away!!!!
Gotta crazy craving for a cool treat! cran apple cider gelato after work!
Beyond Spaghettini with Mushrooms Day, Wednesday is Free Pool Day (well, 7-9/Boomies anyway) & Karaoke Days, er, Nights at Coney & Ironwood.
Day 2 of #monsterwriting the #chapterfromhell: a coffee IV might be more efficient.
I've always wanted to be able to yoodel! I MUST learn how!!! Haha
The good news for today is that Mario Williams is visiting buffalo and I got 2.5 million in temple run.
Omq i really wanna be in matts music video i email and i would the happiest person in the world if i qet to be in it<3:* :D
I told you.
reality tv eliminations can't be harsh, they're not real
Big bro gets to hangout with friends while I'm home alone cos my mum said I couldn't have friends over:(
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing. - Lorraine Hansberry
It was nice meeting you as well! Hope to see you at the next event.
Can't wait to read Steven Tyler's new book! If you've read it, tweet me your thoughts! ;)
cool lmk when you done I will like to hear it :)
of course. I listen to them all. I wouldn't know I was in America if I didn't go to bed totally confused each night. : )
: Super HOT Earrings!
wonderful news I always knew you where a great actor and would do good things once your life got back in order good luck!
They brought Tupac back as a hologram...
Uh just witness an older man poop in the streets of NYC. Fantastic.
soak up the sun baby !!
I got you!
Baking scones high >
Coffee really helps me.
#WebGreekTip - Make meetings more efficient, send out polls & let your members vote from anywhere, anytime!
yo u mad cool! i wished u lived in new york so we can hang out cause my birthday is april 10 and im doing something special
It's a venti latte day.
Wrong day to wear open toed shoes. Had to run through the hail and wade through the puddles!
NCL has exclusive Military Appreciation Rates on select sailings! Call our experts today at 800-803-7245!
ya im going to get one. Just not sure about them yet
Please post session ideas! I'm out of sessions to tweet about. :( So what problems/challenges do you want to tackle?
she is coming to Summer Jam....FYI.
And colton Dixon is on jay Leno also!:)
“: Being the first to clap in an audience & then everybody joins you & thinking "Yeah, you are all my b^tches."”
hey doll face! Baby Jesus misses you!
Beating at air hockey>>
The Truth just hit a three from the North End!!!
good luck tonight fam
RT : is home from the hospital and is expected to have three weeks off to recover.
Leaving in an hour and a half! Yay!!
: "Our training staff is the best I've ever had" - chatting on
That's funny! Thanks for the forecast! We'll have fun and enjoy this weather for you!
Great to see the team (& office) today. The energy is palpable! cc
Hope you are here!
I still got feelings for you
This is really great Mandy! Doc
Guys who r built like me should not wear #Affliction shirts! It's not cool! Stop shopping at the
I'm reading "Back of Beyond" by C.J. Box this weekend.
ugh!! working two full time jobs right now and I am exhausted...and it's only day two! somebody get some sleep for me please...
carlgrending thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Aww, oh stop it you! :3 ( wish i could put that picture of that stick figure with the big head blushin) Lol love you<333
I actually felt a twinge of disappointment when I stepped outside a little before 6 and realized the temp plummeted to 64 degrees.
love this one! RT : “If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.”—George S. Patton
why dude?
Clarification: Swann was mayor of Baltimore before the war and elected Governor of Maryland in 1864
Did J.R. Smith just make a shot?
its princess to u !!
Yes! Mr. Ray is giving us an opportunity to improve the school. He is giving us his commercial building. HOPE DHS gives us a break.
I can't ever just sit next to someone..like some part of my body has to be touching theirs..lol
Happy returns to ya then!
could be his final match at the bridge
thank you !!
Great time at great conference!
I love Ur BLS (: can u tweet me too, when u post a new chapter ?
Because u do FAB work! RT : Facebook people are liking my page from all over the world. That just amazes me
don't tempt me... but yeah, probably
Is there a cookie supplier here? Anywhere?
I keep thinking about my goals and how I'm going to get there..who am I going to get there with?
wow - that's awesome, thanks for the heads up
Y I thot goin to an fc party was a good idea is beyond me
Overheard at check-in for The EuroConnect #3: "Do I have to show my passport to get in?"
will do. Thanks again for the shout out :)
Couldn't agree more!
A lot of bow ties at #140cuse...makes me miss
oh okay and its okay
you were amazing tonight in NJ :* i love you so much. *fearless*
I listen to that song all day everyday
Shout out the team
Its so hard to celebrate when im 1/5 Giants fan at this bar Hahahahaha
Not me, man. I went with schnitzel. Doesn't sound Irish, but the place was filled with FDNY guys so it counts.
strange that Tiger spoke about the swirling winds, while others remarked about the very calm conditions
I went to two places to get a book that i want... they were BOTH CLOSED! PISSED OFF
Always behave like a duck--keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the devil underneath - Jacob Braude
If you love Mermaids then check this out...a brand new fantasy NaLee2010.com the beginning of a trilogy!!!
Just got back from school!!! :)
It's also my grandpa's birthday tomorrow and then the DreamFest at school. >_<
hahah don't worry about irrelvent bitches! because ur the star and they are punks who got their asses whooped!
Watched Scandal online! Love the new abc show.
Baby, you the mud on my tires. That was how this dude just ended his vows. Some peoples children.
I am wondering how to increase my followers
yo, i need your address !!
Your not all seriously home watching the oscars are you? South street punks & hardcore are calling you!! Come support Boston's DEAD FRIENDS!
It's true, you find yourself drifting right just to rebel against all the extremo pinko wackos!
Love the new keek(:
Alright. Heres the deal, if you are a girl, do not call me babe baby etc or baby talk me. I'll just look at you like youre an idiot
Deadskins fans make me laugh RG3 major bust for sure. Cowboys phenomenal pick lookout!!!
November to January was hell, we were really going days without sleeping. We worked our ass's off.
Thank you! ;-D
Follow me on instagram!!!!
now you're all older and in college 😭 *happy tears* lol (x
Ehh.. okay, I
Just found out I didn't get a single problem on my math mid term correct
Of course! (:
trying to fix the coloring on my twitter profile!
i love that you came back to Port Charles. What's next for anna?
What trailer? RT : saw an interesting trailer on email, how do i get reminded when it shows on the big screen?
i love u guys so much please follow me i love you forest
I wish you would notice how it is
Cant wait for people to just grow the fuck up!
All please keep following, things will start getting a lot more interesting that's for sure.
Thanks for the mentions - late:
hey man, where was that shot you guys got of us. I wanna promote you guys but cant find it on the deja site
thanks!! i will be watching
Happy Ides of March.
Legal document server in Sacramento, CA 916-509-0677
when i almost brake my neck in soccer and all you care about is if were still going to finish the game
I'm so official all I need is a whistle 😏
RT Tick tock, you're running out of time!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Thanks to everyone who came out to Tamale Thursday yesterday. We’d love you hear what your favorite menu item was!
Every Wednesday we post an interview with an Austin Lawyer
“: Being Called A Fucker > I like it for some reason lol”horny ass
TY I'm excited about #SoSlam too!
Happy St Patrick's Day!!! May you enjoy all things green! You know...lettuce, grass, kale, moss, recycling, thumb, etc.
When they matter most.
happy for all of this. I just want the Bullets to remember who's job is what lol
GRE prep class in the AM...and so the fun of applying to grad school begins. Feels like just yesterday I took the SAT.
I HAD COFFEE FOR LUNCH!!!
RT : I love the smell of growth in the morning. It's a good day to be a part of . Anyone else want in?
The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist. ~Eric Gil~
RT "Everyone knows a good teacher when they see one. They make the impossible seem possible."
sorry about that incoherent toss. We zigged, then zagged and then apparently zigged again. Sigh.
perhaps u should help him fix it rather than tweet it to everyone
no really though who said that hahaha
That awkward moment when one of your regular customers is at another caribou with you drinking coffee next to you.
Hallmark in Noblesville off of 37 has buy any item get half off the 2nd!
Where's mine?": M subway for dinner! :-D"
I'm blaming Mca's death on lmfao
tastes great and doesn't fill! That means I must fill spaces in the cellar that don't exist. Yet I will ...
Thanks for the follow!
I eat once a day..thats bad??.
m i prefer chocolate cake which one do u prefer...
I trust you enough not to have to touch ur phone Lol
RT : God as political consultant: At least four of the Republicans running for president say God told them to run......
Hello Leo
What day is the FightClub discussion meet up?
WHERE U AT NO NECK?
We did get a bit of it I think. But it was just like very heavy rain fall & a bit of wind. Nothing like what you went through
True. No one really knew them here. I developed a crush on the one with the fake Jamaican accent so...I know. ;)
Glad you are enjoying the #MastersPOV! We are so happy to have you!
I'm tired in the day, but have trouble falling asleep at night. Are there any natural remedies for that? I have no illnesses.
From a Facebook fan: "I'd hold hands with this cheeseburger." Muahaha!
- Tempting. Very tempting. May be in touch!
I will:) and no cause you still have my hat too lol
....and for all confused followers, this was all aired during a Jazz Journalists Association panel discussion this morning at
"Be A Shield" Please donate to those in need.
This the worst day of my life!!!!!!!!!
Good morning! I'm starting off to a great day :) I'm here at the gym.
#Descendants a fine work, but extremely muted. Payne seems afraid of any hint of shtick or melodrama. Good cutting-room-floor film, I bet.
I'll see you soon babe!
I know you will rock the house! Have fun.
It's Friday! Yaaas! Currently doing my TGIF Happy Dance 💃😄
I really hope the ying yang twins and sisqo announce their seed stage fund at the event
6:41am & I still ain't sleep im not gonna lie & say im working...I just can't sleep!
I swear this record is catchin fire... Radio, clubs, and the streets...
far too much salt on my eggs. good thing i freaking love salt on my eggs.
Real Madrid. Last year I cheered you on from a bar in Spain now I am locked away in an office daydreaming about it
Unfortunately for #ows, Justice is often blind like a well-dressed bat...
The lawyers have returned from a lengthy back room conference with Judge Mark Wolf. #DiMasi trial set to resume.
Luvs me some cold play can't wait. Til they come to DC
Off to my first baseball game of the season, to bad it's a Giants game. But I guess for one night I can root for the bums.
lol they went to go get Tyrone to say" Dominos we Close" LMAOOOO!
More thanks!! RT People whose tweets I always enjoy:
What an empowering day this have been. Ladies Tiffany worked hard and it paid off. Great job and I am so glad to have been apart of it.
Sounds like a win:win for both of our needs
Know somebody that's works at papa johns. Winning
Good morning ACC! Happy Monday! Remember to get to school on time!
Ugh, my stomach hurts... :(
Thinking about reaching from within...
; who ever i didn't follow back, I'll flow y'all back tomorrow, my eyes kinda low so I can't tell if you ugly or not.
Well, how was the accompanist for you? Haha.
cheers for the RT :) Go Sox!
Don’t torture yourself- Life will do it for you-download free- InSpotter app
RT : A4. We have the ability to transform ourselves into a new perception just by changing our behavior.
is one sly girl haha
hey, your words with friends game is full. I can't start another game with you.
lol I am not ...dnt b liein on twitter
Ten years ago, Miller never tried to take his man off the dribble. He was a low post then. Now wants to be Dirk. But it works.
In my mind, I'm always the best. If I walk out on the court & I think the next person is better, I've already lost. -Venus Williams
Which was your favorite game today Chad?
I guess Lensar contract allows him to have Jimmy Johns on his attire?
No one does anything from a single motive | Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Sorry to miss you at the club yesterday. Give me a shout when you're up again.
where?when did i say that?i think its virus people sends me that too and when i click it it won't work....its nothing
how to explain. I always find myself explaining things to you and everything is usually taken out of context
you are actually the best!!!
Oh noo!!!! Please get healthy!!
damn did u wash yo ass today
At the #CAU pageant, students don't still the napkins from the table, they will put a hold on your account.
I'm finishing it.
sounds like a plan! It was magical this morning.
that may make meeting him awkward but um yeah if you're sharing haha
Revenge? Nah, i'm too lazy. I'm gonna sit here and let karma fu*k you up.
I'm the craziest person on earth! (; And I prob do.. If it weren't for my 'coffee limitations', I'd probably drink up to 8 cups!
A Bad Ass core workout always makes me feel great. What makes you feel great?
Despite all the bad fucking reffing my giants came out on top all playoffs that's why we're in the Super Bowl fucking haters
Pastor, haven't seen you since Disneyland. Lol I pray all is well with you and yours
Here's the address...9812 Falls Road Potomac, MD 20854. See you there!
Sex ain't better than love? Who lied to Trey Songz? Lol
"21 days till your vacation"-#wdw yeah I know with and :)
this is so true. i think about it so hard and how sweet and extreme i could take it then realize i'd prob mess up in the process
Peanuts can be used to make dynamite! Peanut oil can be processed into Nitro-glycerine, which is an ingredient of dynamite
I was looking for that song !!!! It's my favorite song !!! But I could never find out the name !!! And , AW!
go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center
Regarding phantom sequel- to exploit $ from the legions of middle-aged, undersexed cat-ladies obsessed with the original.
Lovely day in Nashville! We are pumped to play at Jenis E. Nashville 5-7pm, then Hard Rock Cafe 10pm! (Plus some fun in between!)
Like you guys never panic when your arm gets stuck in a shirt sleeve.
going out? We are watching a nice film by Sir David Lean. LEARNING!
It was the first confirmation that the Afflecks should leave acting to Casey and directing to Ben
Despite the media hype around the game, if the #Saints beat the #49ers, isnt that considered an upset since the Saints are seeded lower??
NIGGAS CLOWN"D OUT!
Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else." Brian Tracy
YOU WANT SMOOCHES....I WANT SMOOCHES!?xoxox
NH man accused of lying about his wife cancer. Turns out she's fine. Employer gave him thousands.
Are you working for Facebook?
At the Owls Nest in Sunriver, cougars are in full effect.....
Seaside flooded. 101 South closed.
Thx!!! RT : I'm glad to hear about this mission and documentary.
This is why OKC isn't title ready yet. Westbrook can shoot you in and out of games
Hi Eugene!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and 1 Free Topping on a 14" Pizza
Just woke up from my nap. Watching the sixers making spaghetti
splitting the difference b/w '77 and '79 to bring you the best of 1978, tune into rainydawg.org 11 am to 1 pm PST!!
Just when I think I'm no longer naive, I find out I am still naive. My neighborhood was CRAZY last night.
Omg its almost "Dress Time"
Happy New Years to not only the best city in the world but some of the best people in the world!!!! Love and miss you New York!!
good luck!
the crowd tonight in Grand Rapids is ready to tear it up
#Abita purple haze
From : "They don’t gave to win three games, they only have to win one game three times"
I like woman
oh lawd. I drank Starbucks yday morning. :( worst decision right there. Haven't had it in months.
What did you dance to for your first dance at your wedding? Ideas for other brides?
Isn't that what man does. White supremacists use the bible to justify their beliefs. The bible was used to justify slavery. (cont)
I missed it too. This is week 2.
Your packaging did post today. Let me know when it arrives. Kevin
tell me about it. I'm almost done here. Then I'm gonna grub.
Hulk smash
I don't imagine that TD Ameritrade is thrilled about this either.
I wonder how bad paint fumes really are. I'm starting to less smart!
Thanks for coming out to hear us!
how many things do we need for englishh?
Had to educate some people on the difference between "falling trees," & "tree felling."
Bon iver who..............money makes things happen in this biz
Hell Week is neearrr
Who could resist the chance to say that? I also repeat to him all cheesy anti-LSU jokes that mom emails me.
Who the hell vacuums at 11:15 at night!?!? <<<<<<
your very welcome beautiful
It's National Walking Day! Physical inactivity doubles the risk of #HeartDisease! Find 30 minutes during the day to get out and walk, #SA!
Had another nice dinner with wife at Crazy Water, NY Strip was best steak I've had in a while. Just what we needed, it was a tough week.
Just found out Nevada is a "threatened" state for an optometric surgery bill in 2012. News to me, and the leg isnt even in session.
At least Woodward & Bernstein got Felt to go on background. You won't even name the teams your sources are on.
SOO Wassup with black girls and this "Weeve" thing? Ladies it's time for
RT if you'll support forever,always and till the end <3
When a Milwaukee County truck is clocked way over the limit, a routine Speedbusters assignment turns into a hunt. Tonight at 10, TMJ4
#watchtheawk officially started... let the magic begin... mood lighting please.
I'm emailing you now. Thank you
Red Co Getting Back On Our Game.
same here Vin!! it was supposed to be snow on the ground! but no, lol(:
"a byte of prevention is worth 5MB of cure"
A New Generation Runs for Congress: Jesse Kelly (R), AZ Special Election - Big Hollywood
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Everything you say is 100% true!
i just had Pizza but not from Pizza Hunt cause the Pizza Hunt here ran out of business.
depressed. sheeesh. This game is not pretty at all...
you got yourself a deal.
Thinking about #benchmarks for #library training and how different models exist that create the same outcome: knowledge. More soon
Didn't even unpack when I got home tonight from #asecs12. Just sat down in front of the TV and watched The Bodyguard. I'm cool like that.
Specials tonight at Sports are $4 Jack and Absolut. Have a great weekend !
Ok what do you do about bad reviews/crisis management on different networks
wonderful! I'm so glad to hear it & ya, I am too, thank you ;)
#NowPlaying next to you
Just looking through a bunch of pictures of Elvis Presley. <333
I like the one-shoulder party dress. Classy and sexy! cc:
"Be Great and Dominate!" RT "Today is a great day to __________"
Thanks for RT !!
Still creeped out by the fourth kind... Add aliens to my list of fears
I Totally Love Adorn By Miguel
Hey! What state do you live in? You look fun to hang out with so I was just wondering. Bye the way my name is Jillian, I am 11. (: ❤
he enjoys his stodgy demeanor too much. He loves himself just the way he is.
Ran the steps at the Hollywood Bowl this morning, and now I'm heading to Grauman's to see DARK SHADOWS.
#knicks shumpert seriously travels every time he drives. Carries more than
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X7
thnks for the follow! Promote? Diggin the bio real girl!
My booking office is my bed. That way when I curl into the fetal position from sending too many emails I am comfortable.
Its been real
Get the fuck out of here, 21 dollars for headphone? Nigga please
We were thrilled to have a group of high school students from #Tejas at last Friday's show! First time they'd seen theater in Spanish.
About to cook Sunday dinner!!! :-)
Thanks, Martha!
look into downloading a torrent client like bitlord to download torrents. that's the best way to download/collect music.
Im not a clown
I can't ;~; I went to SM Town NYC but I wanna see EXO ;~;
It's funny how freedom can make us feel contained.
Haven't seen snow in about seven years --- I don't miss the cold! Enjoy!
We want to see your photos and hear about what you see this weekend! Tweet us with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
WITH DERBY IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER ITS THE PERFECT TIME TO GET THAT FRESH FIT
Banging my head against The wall doesnt take away The uneasy sadnes.. Haha only gives me a major headache. Lolz jk people... Eh
Can't wait to read Kim's tweets!
Who Drinks Coffee? Checkout www.Serenigy.com/mdupree Great Coffee!!!!
IM NOT TRYING TO FIGHT, IM TRYING TO DESTROY
Time change...blech.
You are never really playing an opponent. You are playing yourself, your own highest standards, and when you reach your limits, that is real
I'm having the same problem. Let me know if you get an answer. I'll do the same for you.
I generally believe more information is better. :)
Black and yellow go so good together
wow. I dont know how to respond to that. Thanks for the info. On our way soon.
Just watched a 8 year old slaughterhouse a grown man in a dance battle.
School finance debate starts. Rep. Lois Court notes school funding "still in a deep hole."
Been driving, haven't had a chance to say #LetsGoRangers F'yeah !!
Can't say I've been this unexcited about Opening Day since 2004, but "Ya Gotta Believe". Let's go !
SOX: Dustin Pedroia goes opposite field for two-run double, giving the #RedSox a 4-1 lead with nobody out in B2.
And the weather has screwed us again.
he won the entire title.
thank you for following!
nice. Send some this way. We need it!
Use Condoms!!
where can I get mix tape at! Come on stop hating this dudes real
haha but other than dying before graduating how have you been?
Welcome! Be sure to check out while you're here. Awesome movie experience.
Hope it works out for Russell Wilson in Seattle, one of the nicest guys I've ever had the pleasure of covering on any level
wow...Good lookin out:)
Man, it's over for everybody if this Wrecking Machine gets good at Jiu-jitsu! So many fighters would duck this guy!
I'll send the paper your way! I would love your feedback!
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Austin to hear great music?
Take some time to remember why it's good to be alive.
We were all going" He's really praying" wow!
i HATE hearing moneymakers say "oh, i make SO much that sometimes i look at my saving accountt just to laugh about it". ?!*&$
Would suck to be on those treadmills facing that wall. The downtown Y is where it's at!
Iowa's out of the question for Uthoff unless he stretches out his appeal, correct?
I want Wing Stop. :c
Haha!! Love it. Countin' down the days my dear friend!!!
I don't want you but I need you 🎸🎤
I guess we'll let get away with that Harvard jersey (just for the game).. He is a New Yorker 1st
And now I have to participate in a "coaching call" in order to not receive a surcharge on my health insurance?
Quick poll, - what do you think will be the biggest #cloud challenge in 2012?
If I remember it correctly it was mistakenly for Easter. For his not-Jewish girlfriend. Because, you know, Easter=eggs.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
BUSINESS ROUND-UP: April 2012 | Maui Now
Every time I think I've reached adulthood, I find myself Googling something like "How often should I wash my bedsheets?"
RT : If my eyes ain't see it then my mouth won't say shit about it....
I never tried Zoya but I heard saavy reviews on it...would luv 2 score a free bottle 2 try it!
#NELLUMINATI. THE NEW TALK OF THE TOWN!!!!
What topic(s) are you considering for your talk at EdCamp Columbus 2012?
Does anyone have any good blogs they read regularly? I like #theY #camping #socialmedia and
OUT. Muscled the doors open. I was in between 2 levels. Then the FD had2 hold both doors open 4me to scoot out. Guess the sirens were 4me.
Having a photo shoot tonight at The Bosco HQ. Free food+drink. You're all invited!
The word apple comes from the Latin word meaning apple.
#relationshipsendbecause people grow apart and stop communicating
"Maybe God cares about who we are becoming more than about what we are specifically doing." That is life-changing, right there....
Need poker supplies?? Come visit our ONE STOP Poker SHOP @ www.eproducts4less.biz
": When a woman gets pregnant, isn't it safe to say that the man who caused it, is ALSO pregnant?"-- I would say it is!
that's not the only ridiculous stuff he says.
The most in-demand #CbusJob is Computer Systems Analyst with Web Developer coming in at
Yes! U are absolutely right on with that! His timing is perfect.. Patience is maturity in our character too..
i miss you too babe! <3
you really should get out more ;)
thanks For Follow Back
Thank you for the Jersey shore twist of the prodigal son story.
Most people don't drive six hours for a happy hour. We are not most people. Deep Ellum tonight at 5.
LOL~ I was showing some clients how to schedule tweets on Hootsuite. Jumped the gun a little didn't I? :)
true this year went by in like .2 seconds & i am in no way, shape, or form ready to say goodbye to my seniors! I love them so much! <3
Sorry I had to use the F-word with you.
Everybody needs to vote Portal 2 for the #VGA game of the year award
Hey I'm excited to hear you will be coming. I'm sorry to hear your husband will be deployed, but I will be praying for you both!
#glee in #chicago? um yes please! I can finally meet Cory Monteith and be his Rachel ; ) hahaha
Happy Birthday to our General Manager, Tami!!! Go have fun girl!!!
Thinking the same damn thing RT : Secret weapon. RT : I'm not sure why Popovich is staying away from Kawhi Leonard.
Fired up 'bout
This year's first batch of Octoberfest Lager has just begun fermentation and will be ready for your enjoyment soon!
MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! MONDAY NIGHT LIVE! MNL! + Free Parking after 7. See you soon!
No magic pudding, just a few meagre crumbs - Sydney Morning Herald
not a trader I just play for both teams ;-)
“: Welcome to the game Danny Granger!!!! Nice to see you!!”
a ton of 80s bands didn't get the hint.....
RT : if you need other beats, let us know.98.5 is playing artist now that we did the bear for AWREADY!
I wish Twitter had a scroll to top button like #Pinterest does.
After a week on Anna Maria Island, it's good to be home!
lol. Thanks :) “: you're a momma too so happy furry mothers day to you!!”
if we get tickets to see #Glee live, my life will be complete
This weekend was great! Getting my new phone after school tomorrow. Texting Michael. <3 Goodnight :)
Shes with her #BooThang :-)": But why don't I see though?"
Hailey Baldwin is gorgeous.
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities. The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life. The Canto
if all of these marriage bill meetings and speeches don't start off with "mawwage, is what bwings us togever today" then i don't even know
I as just trying to bring back an oldie. LOL
At the studio with in Burbank
Can't wait for the kca
Grope. Trip. Lunge.
lemme hear what you got
aah that sounds so sad. :-(
Cobra zl limited
So I got to speak with Valley Dude Customer Service. Don't tell me how you know money is tight and other bull lines, just fix it.
Summer is coming, have your kids t shirts ready!
General Washington has announced to his Boston area army that the Northern army has taken the city of Montreal, Canada.
It’s not what you KNOW, it’s how you THINK that will make you successful.
Follow she's perfect <3
Fuck english, don't need A-Levels to be in a band
Twitter says I should follow you. Why?Because you spell your name with a "Y"? GIVE ME A REASON!! #ilikedyouonthetonightshow!
how can this be?
“: The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16% since last year.” My manorexia becomes a statistic. I hate being so petite! Haha
Just tapped #Franconia winter wheat and #Shiner holiday cheer!!
I love My Name Is Earl so much.
Sapong will score soon
Congrat ! Displaced houstonian in new mexico wishing i was there to celebrate w/all my #texans friends
That's how i'm feeling right now RT : Sleepy but don't want to go.. Really bored tho..
True true!
Let's make it so! What's your fav sushi place?
Madonna? Super Bowl? Weak, what Prince wasn't available?
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG -- opening Saturday, March 12th. 7:30pm. Santa Monica Playhouse.
#NP Tressa Thomas Thyck Glow" Music from and Ft. Coming up! Morning Show!
Yeah! Whenever u want.
I wish I had boobs.
Number 1 rule in the streets,Show no luv..Love will get u killed..
The teaser trailer for my feature film Paperthin is out. Check it out on my facebook!
we need some freh legs.
baby is sleeping, hubby is at work, and i am editing away
Super excited for #UTBlackademics tonight! I'll try my best to live tweet the event and I'll be blogging on it tomorrow.
"Dwell not on the past. Use it to illustrate a point, then leave it behind.
well, it's perfect!!!
Sleek by 50 are maybe out on April 11
I missed you & your drunk tweets
#GreatestSongIntrosEver Ice Ice Baby- Vanilla Ice
Very chilly day here! How was your visit to Baltimore?
follow the cause
DJ Cooper is why I had Ohio over Michigan and why #Ohio will end up the Sweet Sixteen. Unbelievable player, give it up for the little man.
Don't think there is anything planned for tomorrow. Feel free to stop by for a #captainscoffee around 9:30am if you like.
Thanks man. RT : Good piece by my man about the racist tweets by some bitter bruins fans...
People are stupid.
What would it take for you to move yourself from the back burner to the front?
and congrats on the wins!
sounds good to me;))
Strangely compelling! RT : I want one of these in my mouth - Newest Super Bowl treat: chicken wing cupcakes...
Even the Lakers fans acknowledged that was a fantastic dunk.
"Just a little loving' early in the morning, beats a cup of coffee, each and everyday" as sung by the brilliant
Happy Thanksgiving Bison.
This is exactly what my brain thought. RT ew. fergie.
Oh, very cool: curtain talker is welcoming visiting actors from the Belfrey Theatre.
Kinda feeling sick...to my stomach
Awesome turnout tonight #MKE! Delicious food from at & a sweet set from at tonight!
Last day of work for me this week!!!😁😃
Dad making early Thxgvg dinner with such classics as stove top stuffing & canned jellied cranberry - just b/c he can.
honestly people had to bring him up while i was having a good time...
Happy Birthday! Cappy loves you!!!!!
Today I will find out if I made the talent show!!!(: I pray I did!
Good meetings, ideas, and weather
1982 does have some powerhouse films. The Thing is one of my all time favorites.
you account logout
fight on little pony, fight on! ;*
Best #Ink needs on the show
Why is it after a full moon there are SO MANY changes?!
Hey Hey!
working has caused me to have no social life.
I dont wanna wait for my lunch to get colder cause its ham and cheese ha ha ha ham and cheese.
out of all the bad names my brother can call me, he decides to call me a guido -__- umm okay?
thanks for the follow! :)
Life is a trip!
Feeling so fragile. Worst. Ever.
Today's going, too be GREAATTT. <3 But not, better than yesterday . c:
just saw this! Sometimes I wonder what goes through our writers' brains. Genius, but they should have their heads checked.
I hate waiting :-(
Oddly depressing Facebook status update: "Why won't anyone buy my old textbooks?"
Catfish is a very uncomfortable movie. That's the best word I can think of.
you're amazing❤❤❤thanks for today
Im starving! I havent eaten much today haha im too lazy
To say the truth I hate promises
Carlos to the moon! RT :
RT : Excited for NASCAR weekend. Going to the race tomorrow with to root for my cuz handles his tires
First time running since track ended, and I ran 5 miles.
Flights and hotel confirmed for the Taiwan Bicycle dealers show in March. Here we go again.
I heard about this pizza place in Murray you should try.
Huge Game ... I might even get thrown out early to rally the troops.
If your ugly don't play hard to get, your already hard to want! Lmao!
It's hard to stay focused on the forest when so many trees get in the way.....
twitter doesnt care
imagine that! although maybe not every time haha. :)
I'm watching ole girl over on pump four, what you doing with all that rump hoe?
replay .. Metta caught him solid with the elbow. no flop there.
I wanna go and let's take &
Ready for him to come out now!!!!!
": i'm gonna be so sore tomorrow ugh" that's what she said
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme. Don't think I can go, though. I have to work that day. Bummer.
you do what needs to be done.
"Simple enough" to write a Set<.> generic, too, but Set<.> is in core and Pair<.,.> isn't. Why not?
thanks for the RT! :)
she's playing on that Monday so I'll prob have to take off work
I am actually black from the waist forward
No more Palin!! Watching Today with Viggle Wed | 7AM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks allison!!! when's our next date?! haha
Very successful beginning knitting class today. It might be warmer than usual, but still fun to knit!
name names
Congrats to Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis who booked a commercial!!
You'll always be baby <3 =)
i need sleep.....i thought you meant chinook like the salmon... and was like he must be drunk
Jordan Zimmerman walks up to Citizen Cope Bullet and a Target
back ON TAP: Opa's Cider. Still cider aged in cognac barrels for 8 months. ONLY at B&L. So good.
Free milk!
Can't make #techATstate today, but Twitter (as always) is keeping me up to speed. Thanks, Internets!
aww thanks for the shoutout..ill give you one too:D
planning a client open house event...
Officially ordered my very own set of and the first expansion! It only cost me $35 and the remainder of my soul.
It would be cool if somehow a volcano spewed something besides lava for once....like YooHoo or maybe a shrimp salad...
have fun princess
My wife suggests taking a shot every time one of these idiots says "blessed", "Jesus", or "The Lord".
Not lookin forward to school, oh well im gonna make the best of it
....!!!happy v-day everyone i luvvvv u guyz and my undercover fans
sure John, love your content.
I may have to kill myself if I have to mix another country song about alcohol with a "rowdy bar gang vocal" at the last chorus.
might as well drop out if your in it.. No chance for Mr no days off
oops! Now I've labeled you as a ring girl. Fighter first!! That convo was so funny that I couldn't pass it up.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 13
glad you like it:)
I appreciate the effort.
I hate when women jump to conclusions
Leave Cory Provus alone...he is great and I want him to stay in Milwaukee
Off to teach - Truly a joy for me!
i just ran in my brothers room like screaming because im so excited.....im freaking out omg
my roommate used the last of my coffee this morning. either he pays my rent next month or i kill him cold blooded.
Hmm right around the corner. This sounds like a good research project for tonight.
#2ThingsIAppreciate Money & Weed
HA! The facial expression is the best!
Good to see you here!
That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier.
Vip going in now
And now we o and ah over this beautifully constructed clamshell box.
Trying to remember the last time I paid complete attention to a commercial that did not have a talking baby trading stocks. Shankapotomus
Them boys bout to score again
At the risk of sounding like a 13 year old girl : OMG if Friday doesn't get here ill just die
SJP forever my Queen!!
Check your e-mail
ain't he shit. Why does he continue to shoot!!!!!
Getting Married? Live in New Mexico? Book us today....www.awpnm.com
im sorry betsy!! when i can i will follow you and give you a shout out! i promise!!
how exciting!! Want to hear your plans!
"You had me at meat tornado"
Thought for the Day: "You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated short term failures." - Charles C. Noble
funniest show I seen in awhile good shit man
I tell that to all my dates
#thatawkwardmoment when ya realize you've never been sexually attracted to guys yet you enjoy getting a little touchy feely in bed ._.
no YOU are
Good things happen when you meet strangers.Yo-Yo Ma
yahoo is still a thing?
I wont judge. (: &' I love him too. See, you will meet him someday(: <3
Thanks Trent
Gonna have party at cedar point with tomorrow :)
Yep. (: So, when do you go back to school?
From 1927 to 1941, the Yankees won all 8 of the World Series in which they played.
God it's gorgeous outside...finally!
Cool beans. Thanks. Saw it earlier then wanted to show it to my son but it was private. Go RSL!!!
Didn't wanna get up but I’m sitting here with a cup of java watching the early morning sunshine creep across the lawn with smile on my face!
Looking like Mojito Bar for the HEAT GAME tonight!!!
Wherever we look upon this earth, the opportunities take shape within the problems.
I love the phrase high falutin'!
The okc thunder remind me of the 05-06 sabres. At least this team wont get blown apart by bad management
I belong to this crazy group of people that go by the name of : D I R E C T I O N E R S ♥ RT if you're a directioner.
TMSC type of day today :) <3 :D
I like to eat... So my man needs to be the same way
hahaha well that's good for sure!! Lol
IRONY: Foo Fighters make statement about music not being about computers. Foo Fighters perform mashup with Deadmau5 30 minutes later.
Time to pretend.
Don't judge my choices if you don't know my reasons.
Going to see Darcy James Argue's Secret Society band play a preview tonight of new material at SUNY Purchase. Should be a blast. Join us.
wait. They're allowed???
no problem hun I told you what I thought the first time you gave me the CD at the airport...lol
La'kee gave me 2 bucks for my nutella sandwich haha ;b
Broadway I was in the porch you went to the Brazilian store :x
atta boy, love the democrat.
Kind of hoping they misspell a name.
Im at status tonite burning the stage down!! #cablegang follow us loyalty records
I've been an extra for a few TV shows' episodes and for 'Mamma Mia!' - The Musical! But nothing big :)
These JROTC kids << why did i join this class???
How to Play Euchre for Advanced Players : How & When to Pass a Biddable Hand in Euchre
you can watch Daniel Orton on ESPN at 8
I may be the only previous John Mayer die-hard fan that is not excited for his new CD. I just can't do country.
": Joy arises from within you, pleasure from outside of you" As always, so true.
I am inside of a building and my heart is beating so fast. This game does NOTHING for my blood pressure!
Freshman Taylor Smith won 3rd place for best editorial cartoon in Missouri Press Foundation’s Annual Better Newspaper Contest! Very cool!
I love you so much please follow me you rock!!!!
But I still love your tweet. :-)
“: Karone Law will be attending in the fall”>>>GO GREEN!
Why should I settle for anything less than I deserve
I wish I understood Spanish. #KTFF Channel 12
Cool & listening to music !!
Checking out the awesome marketplace today. Glad to see my ol' KY home is well represented!
I posted it! Hope ya like it (I think I did terrible cause I'm tired) lolol
U.Va. great and three-time National Player of the Year Ralph Sampson just named to National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
Can't move, won't move
Thanks for following my twitter Kim.
Happy New Year!
follow back?:), it'd be great to be able to keep intouch, you really inspired me!:)
A5. Good Old Reuben sandwich - Q5 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of
Rumors in Philadelphia of Benedict Arnold taking the city of Quebec have been dismissed as untrue.
RT : RT : The only thing these block days do for me, is give me false hope that the weekend is almost here. ...
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥20
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
hi , will i see a #mosplaceforsteaks twitter soon?!
Nelson Mandela Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things
Seems to be an increase in military air traffic ... did I miss a memo?
I had no idea people were this cruel over a loss. Praying for peace for you and your family.
Exec Chef Doug Brown & Chef de Cuisine r mixin up sum AWESOME new dishes: Tagine Lamb Meatball Lollipops & House Smk Salmon Deviled Eggs!
Sorry I missed the webinar today! Emergency came up. Will there be a replay?
I just want to make sure you're sure before u unload them
Make sure you step on a hipster on your way in the building.
Just a random question.. Do I have any #Chicago followers #21+ that follows #ChiefKeef?
So I gave a homeless guy a dollar he says fuck you im not poor I have 45 dollars you ass hole smh and I just walked away lol
..shake it off big homie
FACEBOOK WONT WORK!!! CAN YOU DM ME??
neither, both piss me off because winning just means memorizing a bunch of bogus words
so bored.. Somebody txt me ! :D
Should I stay hme or should I stay home.
is better than your Mom! Dancing with the stars has nada on !
it certainly is strong stuff, particularly for that sort of application. Glad to hear you're feeling better!
but seriously matt how old are you turning.
She's like a more masculine Guy Fieri.
Sis say she getting wasted tonight!! hahahaha I wanna see this shit!
I don't need no "David Fitzgerald".telling me his opinion. Everybody has one.
Good luck to he baby brother today. Wish I could be there man.
Change your thoughts and you change your world
Waking up to no late start<<<
Hopefully im the girl for him
: ) embarassing. Did search before sharing...not direct from yr site. You are on TOP of things clearly. Loved concept...
what's up chica?
has classy swagg (;
I hope #Cubs fans aren't freaking out about losing out on Prince Fielder. Wasn't worth the long-term investment that he was looking for.
That's easy. 36 stone and twelve.
Sorry to hear about your ordeal! We're glad you enjoyed the Superfood.
I dig the iced coffee refills..hate the wifi.
Im going threw life wonderin where its taking me enjoyin wit my killas
Does that mean you like sticking needs in people?
#kidsaredown time to watch
Plan B needs to be in full effect at some point this week...
I spend more time in my head then in the real world.
