I know ;3
you're my official anus reporter.
I like that Santorum has gotten this far in the nomination process. It makes figuring out who at work is fascist douchebag so much easier
now lets get the a #lowertown stadium
thank you!! You as well ;)
My wife and i will be there for the 8pm show! RT : Hey Denver, I feel like meeting some tweeple after the 8pm show tonight....
Omg can this lyfe get any better. I think so... But its a work in progress
Add my facebook!! Im listed under, karissa lynn
Louis Armstrong and fresh (made by mois) Apple, plum, orange,beet, carrot, celery, and mint juice. Later the gym then......WIZARD OF CAUSE
MAYBE I CAN BE ON HOARDERS!
at least my phone isn't fucked up and can take pictures.. haha
The only thing on America's Got Talent that would entertain me is if Howard gets Nick Cannon on the Sybian.
My mom is the greatest.. She's uh-may-sing.. So blessed to have her 😌
Heading home from work...
Hey Everyone hop over and follow they have great shows and awesome style.
bwahahaa, of course that's it!
Heyward looks like he's been playing in the mud. Adorable/Awesome. Hooray #braves!
at school workin, what's good with u
Ive nevr been the type, felt alike my connection with nikkahs that wanna fight ovr women, thats not right - Drake.
"It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see."
Getting my hips pierced maybe :-)
Awesome selection! Thanks for the Al Green!
working and am very pleased to have the evening off from because of the new hours.
there is no shame in going to bed at 9.
I just bought plane tickets to go to my own wedding! Whee!
I think I might be sad too if a 31-year-old loved one died after being in a coma for 19 years.
Hannah i love you!
What A Game. Only disappointment--the fray-ed national anthem. KY was hot! The Fray was not!
I last twittered 7 months ago. That went by really fast.
#WhenIWas13 You couldn't use the internet and the phone at the same time.
speaking of was longwell last active player to get cut from #sbxxxii ?
A syllogism: Tea is made from evergreen plants, Camellia sinensis. Evergreens are one of the heartiest plants. Therefore, tea is hearty!
Im craving a hazelnut or french vanilla coffee right now
Good job guys!
A stanley cup would be cool and all, but this is pretty goddamn awesome
Thanks, but it's a problem on Safari too. PDF used to display, but not anymore.
not hosting. Just looking at the place. I'm moving to another building. Don't want them to think I'm a slob, haha
Burned the handle on my charcoal chimney. Strip steaks medium comin up.
GIRLS LOVE ME LIKE IM ON TWITTER (:
RED hairs, WHITE crystals, and BLUE Berry's we are so patriotic!!! Come on in and see us!! :D
lol i hope so but bell, fog horn, whatver shall work. lol
brilliant book
It is incredible to me how has changed the consumer experience. Might me the most influential innovation of the decade.
Oysters in SF!
Xbox live is really evolving. Just downloaded the new manga app this makes me happy :-)
good point. that may be later today.
yeah, I'd be jealous, except that kid hates me!
Boy's birthday party today. Should be cleansing but instead we are snuggling.
Between 9th and 10th Street and Morton.
Hi everybody! This is my first official tweet :)
2 shots of rum, 1 can of bud select, and a hammer RT anybody know a cure for hiccups?
She was talking spanish to me. That shit was too sexy
our camellia re-bloomed. what is going on?
happy birthday to my friend, wish you the best homie!
Yeah, but I bet at least 100% of your fans have them.
I enjoy all of your tweets! please don't stop!
Just seen the biggest beetle I have ever seen o_0 it had a big green back UGGGHHH
Sign the pledge, shape the strategy, stand for our children
dass cool dat sounds like super fun i see u been a busy mom
Excited to see a bunch of new FUEL members from Chase--welcome to FUEL!
very upset!
Angry birds really males me mad...
I started it... Amanda finished it!) Loooool!!! Hahaaa!!!!
No, Austin's not trying to copy Justin or anything like that. Just because he covers his song, & looks up to him that's NOT copying.
Great Job tonight! Way to represent #FiberglassCity #NewarkOH and the 740! We are all proud of you, bro! Bring the Ring home!
It might be prudent to pay attention to #Occupywallstreet or we might
Love talking to #oomf(:
RT : Going to be #Awesome! #sustainability #Green #LA my biz is sponsoring 2!
Oh how I've missed my twitter peeps!
My little one is so looking foward to going to HW for the 1st time being back in the States. Parque Plaza Sesamo past 3summers
Happy moment: made apple nut bread and it all came out of the loaf pan in one piece!
Rain or shine, I will rock this #WarriorPride ! I'm glad to see so many people rockin the beads.
Blood makes the grass grow KILL KILL KILL!!!
Chilling with my homeboy
No matter what a person believes in the truth will always remain the same. There is no grey area with God.
Sigh...ABC you aren't showing me dresses. I want dresses. DRESSES!
Happy I have exactly what I need to make it through this day!This Day is Covered!Tomorrow will be covered when it gets here,I'll enjoy today
Ok blazer game traffic is not the biz....who said park on the rooftop.......
anti-archival? Maybe if archives are only about storage. This article reminds me of Delete by Meyer-Schoenberger.
“: League of Conservation Voters forum. No Again. No either.”
Just go. Nobody will notice with the robes and stuff RT Wait. I have to pee.
Now Kyla be prepared to be drooling! This nigga is SEXY!
Shuffle came up w/ great songs for July 4: Los Lobos, Son Volt, Stanley Bros, Ella Fitzgerald, Stevie Wonder, Buck Owens, Charlie Parker
TR will be missed. PS-I love your background. I have that t-shirt!
Honored and excited to be accepting a award tonight on behalf of More details to follow :)
Saturday needs to get here ASAP! Looking forward to being with my love :)
I be up, up, & away, up, up, & away cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever.
there was one at Esperanza and one at Argus Community Center. You may very likely have seen them yourself!
Sugar snap peas? Sounds delicious - I may have to try them! Sugar snap peas and I don't care! Tee hee!
I think that figure alone (willing to paying 2x to 10x more) makes me fear for the future of libs much more than any hc decision
Today was a good day.(:
Happy Hell Day. Erika Rae taught me this.
' That's my boy , we got problems like everybody else!
Is easily *the* most popular twitter person I know! Holy cow! Xoxooxxooxo!!
RT: : Go River Cats! Follow us at Share with your Followers.
RT : Without Jesus you are dead in your sins and trespasses! This is serious! Look to Jesus alone!
Updated my BandPage playlist. Remastered and re-recorded versions of Lemonade and Neverland (Freaks and Geeks) are up. Check them out!
See? You're still influencing me from afar! A fine inspiration you are.
Shitty might to go to typhoon. Thank god I'm working.
Air conditioning and an ice cold Olde English.
On a modeling job today and really loving my hot pink pedi ala
No don't use google you been watching so much porn you forgot how a sheriff's computer works lmao Reno 911
who hasn't dreamed of doing that. It's like a huge sandbox!
Haha... have fun.
has a total boycrush on , despite his incessant mocking of him. I never developed past the emotional maturity I had in third grade.
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<3 (:
Congrats on being a Product Expert for #MSTechEd!!!
I love that song
Dare to Dream. Cheers to Simplicity..
I got My Week With Marilyn Today
I fux wit all y'all following the movement!!! much respect...
Should know myself well enough by now to not eat chocolate on days when I wear white linen pants.
so far found two instances of JS Mill blatantly copying William Thompson on key topics: feminism and utilitarianism
If your mad at someone you care about you won't stay mad too long.
Come check out our spooktacular Halloween specials
What great day for baseball and you guys certainly made it complete with a fantastic performance. Thanks and Go O's!
Wow, mini earthquake! Not often you get that in Alexandria VA.
Omg, hahaha, that was amazingly creepy!
I'm in that town.
me too.
I'll never forget the Mothers Day when I saw score a hatty vs MTL with his mom in the crowd!
great job last night, Evans didn't have a chance
When did everyone become raiders fans? Lol they were all quiet until they won. Atlanta Falcons since 5th grade! Hahah
yeah it is merely an illusion and a chemical response to another person.
San Francisco Chronicle Best-Sellers May 6 - San Francisco Chronicle
Glad we could keep you company! Thanks Grace!!
So so sorry to miss. Sigh. We'll always have Portland.
Almost...just almost!
Give us this day our daily bread, supply all my needs according to your wishes.. only have to ask and you will recieve..THANK YOU FATHER!
MX Mariner Kicks Ass!!!!!!
I need ya all to follow this sexy beast right now! Tell me if ya do and I'll give ya a shoutout too!!! ♥
Come join all the sexxy divas tonight
just finished lunch mtg and am off to gym b4 more writing tonight.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that wants/has to have exactly everything you do.
well I feel lonely..
I am more than just a "person" I am a strong individual that wants to be heard. You can never silence me.
dont leave me :(
this isn't even fair....
Thanks for the positive feedback - you must stop by & say hi - we are in the Social Media Cafe - hall 8b
one of the most manly performances ever given in
I bet John Boehner cries DURING sex. God, what a turnoff.
okay thanks :D
Wendy williams looks like a bronze sea monster smh better yet she look like a costume ctfu
Feels so good to get acrylics off after months being on
A panel would be great. Re: DRshow, I think there was some confusion about status of evidence.
Happy anniversary to my sweet sweet lover. 11 years of magical wedded bliss!
It can't be that bad. & Goodnight :D
So glad you're coming, we're quite excited for all these powerful women to converge on Whidbey!
Mirror, Mirror: Lagos polishes up his silver business When jeweler Steven Lagos was a teen, he worked as a runner for Wayne Jewelers and
lol this a fucked up world we live in....-
wowww....i loved yhu when I was 8, I seen yhu when yhu were in Chicago fot the Magnificent Mile..lolz I still like yhu though.
if it's in a magazine, it must be true, right? :)
Snow, snow, snow!
tour sounds fantastic! Give my best all around.
I'm off today.
Hahaha,i would have. Im sorry u had to go through that. Hope Karma kicks in for both of us!
And afterall, you're my wonderwall.
And.matt retweets something stupid! Lol
"when is she not confused?" "in her sleep?" "she probably has dreams that confuse her too" oh taylor.
People like Adam Young are amazing.
#followmerebecca Ok I guess I will if you follow me.
:D That makes me a happy lady. Hope you're doing well <3
Thank you for the kind words! :)
I'm so happy I'm getting this head done though, I just dislike the dryer with a passion
#kids Old Time Music Jam -Come listen or play! at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Tap your toes, clap your...
Nice! Got you two something from your wish list today from
No movies...dang that's messed up
#trollsohard #rangers RT : Did someone forget to tell the Detroit Tigers they had a baseball game tonight?
Come on, #amtrak this sucks. Even #megabus has wifi
Why is it that I'm the only one out of all my friends that actually tweets a lot
im so lost, my #roc trivia, history isnt too deep
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 30:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Scared out my damn mind! Why did I put this movie on lol
Why you askin all them questions, makin statements assumin
im incredably tired. i dont want to dance today.lol
Tip of the day: get a job.
#WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to make racist jokes all the time on any show
we play Sept 22
Fucking A... what I like is the hundreds of gays at the captiol... did they lift a finger or vote prior... many it's a big no
Cincy had some big, physical guys and a few super quick guards but they were no match for #mubb's tough TEAM defense and patient offense
Its better 2 tell me now wich one of u dmed him if u tell me now ill forgive u, but if i find out by myself ill ruin u here on twitter
The best way 2 destroy an enemy is 2 make him a friend. ~ Abraham Lincoln
right back at ya!
The food channel has wonderful tips for quick and easy meals. CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
Congrats again, noth'n better then having things fall in place from hard work.
no sad first day of school :(
DM me your number now.
My thumbs hurt from playing Super Mario all day
My mom driving my car right now....
. We have the same countdown going to #AD4MH. :) Yay for May 11!
Sad to miss #RSAC in person, but looking forward to all the tweets coming out of the conference next wk!
tried to SMS you sista! What's happening??
sushi is raw for a reason it would defeat the purpose of raw Dumb ass moment when ppl ask for cook sushi
what r u doing for NYears. Sorry for ur loss :-(
Picking The Tigers Or Brewers To Win It All
Brrrrrrr. A leather coat would warm me up right now
Sure! Followed her! <333 :]]
We must! How's the keyboard coming along? haha
Waiting for #Oomf to hurry up
Getting Ready for the Wisdom Course ....My first weekend is in Denver Co. I am so excited.
Here is a tentative #drozreport for tonight- has a photo art show with Jocelyn Weiss,
The internet is so slow in New Hampshire. All I get is G.
Missing my son :(
and let's clean up that speling...
wow that was amazing that rocked me too
I did my little sister hair for school, she say Neek I look like Mickey Mouse I'm not going to school
FAITH is what we all must practice learn live and embrace.
Seriously, how bad can "Mansion" Arrest really be for Barry Bonds?
hey.... What can I say! Happy Mothers Day to you! :-)
Locked in to the Clippers-Grizzlies on a Friday night? Who's on the cool check in?
another night up spent sick. this virus is baaaddd. 3 am, what to do when you can't sleep? blog :) or write in my journal. both sound good.
Life is a game of dice, and we're rolled in without a choice. Whatever outcome comes, just accept it and rejoice.
THANKS! RT : Congratulations, time to get out and enjoy the weekend! Defended my dissertation!
Team going to bed work in the am lol
WHY DO YOU CARE?
Its not too late...you can still stop by & take advantage of the $10 Shampoo & Set special 6320 Winchester Rd
"We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures." - The Dalai Lama
yea I'ma hang with my friends and family..
if enough people ask I am sure Russ will show you the awesome cover he finished for Stormchasers #6!
Whenever I think of you now, I just get pissed off.
Note Nic Volker is doing very well. He is now 7. The case I discussed who died was not nic volker.
ok thanks! and nope :/ i looked everywhere! even the refrigerator! and i emptied my whole purse! :P
honestly, the ending was a slap in the face to players. If you haven't played the games you won't understand.
I swear this girl just look at me and then checked out my cock
Effin' #Glee is hysterical tonight!!
Go penguin go watch him waddle waddle! Check out some tunes on facebook and myspace. We are bonkers
Organic Dark Chocolate with Sea Salt RT if your brand was a snack - what would it be?
Probably should started the morning off w/ a cup of coffee...
It was really really solid tonight. fyi- How about a catch up sess soon? RT: Have fun! Can't wait to hear the recap!
Ken, you always publish such great content - we can't help but share it!
Hehe I am cooking and eating what I cook while I am cooking more lol :):):):) its really good so full!!!!
The #NFL should take the money it blows on the Pro Bowl and spend it on the retired players with health problems
Camping or hotel?
Is that the same Toyota I remember? I remember it from Library Camp in 2008.
So I know all my lines up to Giants in the Sky:)
being asked for advice not a first
you better
thats funny stuff!!
#Truth!!! At least your familiar with the term "Don't shit where you eat" .....
So much dancing.
Happy Birthday Egan! way 2 #bringit RT Thanks to Joel of looks like Hot Yoga a must!! Cake, Shakes n rolls 4 bday!
At Comme Ca in West Hollywood celebrating!
#IHateToBreakItToYou But U Took A Beasty Ass L In That Fight! Nbs
got 14th for 20.6k. darren elias is apparently not as good as advertised. not too upset though. thanks for the support #wptjacksonville ...
this installation is going to have to wait. mhmmm.
What's on your bucket list?
You should swing by out Toys For Tots events the week of 11/28. Santa.
Joining at tonight's Access to Independence Gala tonight in support of Lead On honoree
nah man only the cronies u follow do.
I have major
I love being able to earn extra money each week.
RT : applying Google Refine to Dyer's Compendium and events of the Civil War, via Tufts Perseus xml. amazing.
Brady wins, he is G.O.A.T. He loses twice to Eli and the G-men, he's a goat. Discuss.
I got so desperate for #Wikipedia today that I finally went to their French website. It worked, but the information was hardly relevant.
I know it! I am looking forward to the rest of the season! (and next hopefully)
It's been a while since you've tweeted. Must be #TheGlades are coming soon. Yay!
i'm good can't complain. Still waiting on that rematch basketball game. Lol
Oh yes, of course! Congrats! :)
Working on the holiday week end,125 street and Broadway should be off early tomorrow GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
you can always sell use of your butt hole to gay guys
Why am I always late to school?
This girl pushed my crush into a pole earlier... He called her a bully xD lol
Thank you #Peyton! Class act. Sucks for #colts fans!“: Manning to Colts fans: "Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart."”
woo hooo we finally rank #1 for 'highlighter' in google :)
Ted Nugent seems to be handling being in the spotlight again really well
RAHHH. i hate commercials
Thanks for the link. I'll look at that...
we're workin on it!(:
REMINDER: In this week's #revideo chat we'll be discussing real estate video distribution strategy/tactics! Set your calendar: Weds 9pm EST.
Cool! I'm following exactly 1,000 people!
Not all evictions are the same, but when there's no lease... a 3 day notice is required before forcing someone to move out.
is in twitter jail
Coyote Tour! New road trip video is up! Bohemian Rhapsody car Jam with Sonya Jevette - SuZanne Kimbrell SuZanne Ele Ka page!
Awesome! Love all of those shoes!
Best sushi I think I have ever had Thanks, Matt!
WTF does that mean, dude? He has nothing to prove.
Me too. RT : Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
Samia, You're amazing, woman. I love you :) Follow me. Nina
Sign of the times: the new place for play dates is ur local coffee place. Kids of the future will be stunted, caffeine driven wack-jobs.
The world would be a much better place if there were two more hours in a day
LOL...I thought it was Big Black for a second...
I nearly hit a cyclist on Bankhead this morning, she was in the wrong lane headed right between my headlights-why? I share the road, really!
Grand slam by maysonet
Really, pandora? The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin? Are you trying to taunt me?!
Actually the order of things prevails. Sit behind someone, exit plane after them. Simple concept worth appreciating.
congrats to and his wife on their new baby!!!
How bad is Jenkins? He was kicked off the team at FLORIDA
I haven't heard about the April 28 rally in LA...details, please!
that made me smile :) it really did! Thankyou!
And that is what total ass whupping looks like
I don't like him anymore. I used to before he put out Rolling Papers. He just turned into a pop moron.
Hate bitches
I guess so unfortunately.
I second this!
Your children will see what you're all about by what you live, rather than what you say. ~Wayne Dyer
I'm tired of school.
Excited about hosting the campaign at the #1khomesrva is working to #endhomelessness in
should i offer money as a reward for whoever speaks the truth?
same thing lol.....and feeling a certain kinda way.... -_-
Some stone tiles such as polished granite, marble, and travertine are very slippery when wet.
Concur RT : Dear Being Awake at This Hour: You suck.
Community groups have 4 weeks remaining to sign up to win cash prizes in the Clean Community Competition. Call 311 for application
Somehow, I know it'll all turn out.
noo! Then I won't be able to see my cute self :*** lolol jk no
“: At club Sanctuary Boutta Perform In a few” good luck lil bro.. Lov you❤
EMPIRE TONIGHT 6890NW loop 410/Mr Rogers in the mixx all the way from houston. Less go!!
I'm thankful for the people in my life family friend's and #CAMP. Ya'll help me maintain my Pimpin
Ty barely looked like he was on the ice in the first...now he's cashed his second goal.
So funny.
u know ur goin to hell for that one! Lmao!
My grade in math is just going down 😓
Make sure to check out AKPsi on campus! Formal rush begins Tues 9/6! Check our facebook or website for all important dates you need to know!
We're smiling but we're close to tears~The Scrip
Here we go
In my dream I scaled a snowy house and fell onto a street that was disconnected from the rest of "the world."
TONIGHT, visit us at www.alteatro.us in Pilsen for some LATE NITE DINNER, JAZZ and DRINKS! On the wine cellar level. No cover, jam session!
Cause we like to go BALLS DEEP on that bitch.
Pride for sure. You?
Lmao duh pizza boy!
Wisconsin's economy is broken, why make it harder for a tech college student like me to succeed?
3AM in L.A. Thanks to Petey for making it an epic night!!
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple. Only God can count all the apples in one seed
Not really their style is it, LOL
#NP "Satellite of Love" by Lou Reed.
glad that Young is back and glad that J Wall has less turnovers.
i need too eat less and start working out, i'm starting to get chubby, but i weigh the same. weird.
#RallyTime for the Tribe.... PLEASE end this!
We love lazy Sundays... what are your favorite shows to watch when you aren't #Minelabbing?
- #HungerGames is pure genius. That's what it is all about lol.
You sure leave a whole lot to the imagination.
I have a Penguin shirt on sitting front row. I'll let you know what side.
Congrats and on 10 years - doin' big things!
Thanks Miranda, I hope you and yours have a great weekend!!! ")
Very impressed by CUNY Games Network session -- last session of day kept me totally interested and awake!
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
Bread Pudding for the win.
No moon yet?
hobo bag packed. time to hit the road.
#marc11 yin and yang of leadership dovetails nicely with negotiation workshop
Le décolleté de Dominique Cantien, beurk ! Mets un pull !
lol I know luv..ur the coolest. I'm blessed! Thank ya! U doin alright?
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Listening to Meningitis Angel Grampa Dixon is speak out to protect our kids
#Mobile #Marketing Campaigns enjoy the highest response rates of any mass messaging software service or traditional #advertising methods.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Give your breakfast a boost by adding a bottle of delicious Simply Orange to your order.
what is up with the new touch with Verizon I purchased mine last week and can't use it when will the OS be up!
Thanks so much for mentioning Tony's terrific guest-post. Let me know if I can ever help you, or share my Cubs tickets. :-)
i guess lil mama
What are you waiting for? : )
I'm not the panic type but its time to panic.
ah, my git is not very strong. i don't know if i need to fetch or rebase.
Heart attack mode
Dentist @ 11:40, smack in the middle of my most productive part of the day. Someone didn't think that one through (i.e. me).
just texted you cuz it was kinda too long for twitter Haha
I'm sorry if I made you upset! That wasn't my intention to do that! If you girls still need anything you have my number love you! #sorry!:)
man sucks that show got cancelled but it is cool your trying to rock up here ! Hit me on my celly later.
awesome! Congrats.
People who read into everything you say <
Wow #clippers win. #greatcomeback Memphis won't recover from this. That comeback rates across all pro sports playoff comebacks
Y'all get ready is right! is a catalyst & Yes Plans are afoot ...preview: 1 parcel + 1 project + people power = positive change
Whats worse is theyre late and went around the corner to chill smh I hate shuttle drivers
Mama. Can I cry on your shoulder. I'm gonna miss you and Austin. Texas is going to miss y'all! ):
Thanks Lady. I'm trying!
Is it as hard for you to turn around and walk away from me & not look back as it is for me ...
YES, that's why I have Douche in my name ;)
It's my BIRTHDAY!!! Thank you god for the years you have lent me.Living and loving life.Love thy neighbor.Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heading to #caa2012 with two papers. coins, ancient world, and #lodlam!
Wish I didn't have to work today so I could go to #dayglow. I guess I'll just watch from across the street.
why they mad at me
I have a conflict on that date. Disappointed I can't attend. Will there be another opportunity to follow-up and be involved?
Ohh good, when are you done? Hope you have good plans for the summer :)
I'm more excited about that then I am about Dark Knight currently. At least until the next trailer.
No plans at 6pm? Tune into TI30. We'll have a story on the guys who lead the Timbers Army cheers on game night. TI30 at 6pm on CH12.
New York!
I think you need a professional golf career. Just what the PGA Tour needs! Or come back to Cincinnati... You pick
Thanks for the RTs!
No worries. My wife is Canadian and my friend is a rabid Sabres fan, so I'm slowly being indoctrinated.
Hahaha. Yeah i'm down just let me know when... and it doesn't matter where we eat.
I DID I DID PLZ DM HIM I'VE BEEN TRYING SINCE I GOT MY TWITTER TO HAVE HIM FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF U DID
What a great spring for the is 1st in the #CAA. is in 3rd, & in 4th
much love bro!
RT : If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search, the whole page will spin.
This has been a thoroughly entertaining baseball game thus far.
Are you attending #OAH2012? Stop by the Routledge booth and say hi! We're giving away $150 in free books to one lucky attendee!
So sad to return to the real world today
$2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub! Sweet, Sweet Nectar of Life. 113 E Juneau
Hit 'Em Up - Tupac ft. Outlawz #nowplaying BEST RAP SONG OF ALL-TIME !!!
I wanna go down to the river walk!!!! Look @ the water & take some scenery pics!
I'm not sure if I like the #devils sitting around waiting to play.
I just read it.
I'm actually a conference volunteer, and we've been instructed to collect slides on a USB key b4 each sesh. So, yes. =)
Is it #bbcon or #bacon? iPhone spell checks says the latter. M .... bacon
Courage is doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
religion really was funny tonight though
Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50.
Picked up love bug, cleaned, played playdough, baked n made Jello, some laundry, cooked
Norfolk St is playing out of their mind. They can not miss...
Do what ID channel does. Get a couple of extras to recreate the scene while someone does the voice over.
To those that went "Hope you all had a good time @ chicano park"san diego ca
This is going to be a busy week!
Have to stop cooking today! On the way to stain a fence real quick! :) Then back on schedule to continue cooking! Hope you have a great day!
Yes she does. :)
You know you're a writer when you get porn junk mail and what annoys you is the bad grammer. 'Your invited...' Ugh.
I feel absolutely ripped after working out with yesterday! I'm a bit sore too.
Despite Jeremy Lin's new found success with the Knicks, his parents are still wondering when he's going to become a doctor.
IKR!! Some ppl just piss me off cuz its ur own opinion not anyone else's and u can think whatever u want
rofl that's a good idea! I still have no idea what I'm doing though loll
ha ha really cool :)
Hey my friend how are u doing?
I need you to need me.
Getting ready to attend the Alaska Native Film Festival! If you're in Anchorage please go to the AK Native Heritage Center! See you there!
I just got an invite for #Google+...who wants in? reply and I'll send one
I have 19 brothers 16 sisters from my fathers side he is such a man whore I hate him with all my heart he left all of them in DR
pretty bored
LMMFAO you dumb as hell that's why you my nigga
Nice one, two, three inning for the #Brewers defense. Headed to the bottom of the 8th down by 6.
I often wonder: am I the only one my age still eating Ramen?
Men=Cheaters
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
no. the future of the world.... duh.
I saw what you did there.
Sometimes the best thing you could do is backoff. If he cares he won't let you go
Game Day !!
looks like Manning might land in SF now! Would've looked good in Titan blue...
I will become an uncle at any moment now! so excited. I want the music that kid hears first to be Bill Evans lol
Hmm I want to go running!
Someone convince me (not) to take my banjo with me to Cornwall.
"I have found that if you love life, life will love you back." - Arthur Rubenstein
I have One Direction and J. Bieber on my iPod
Go to Graceland!
RT : This Christmas, I am determined to have an ugly sweater Christmas party.
I really want to see this. Looks interesting.
nothin like the colorado sky!!! =) beautimus!
": will be dropping snippets in the near future !! spread the word :D" check her out, everyone must follow and see!
My word that was a fast response lol!
recognition of Hollywood spectacle junk, not true cinematic virtuosity =
u need to come to kentucky... country folks, good southern cooking, lots of trees and rolling green hills.. beautiful
good game so far! :) let's go Gators!!
I officially have Carpophobia.
Trying to figure out a name for a new heroine. Need suggestions!
Worst Hip-Hop Jobs: Jay-Z's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ... - The BoomBox
Thanks for the follow! You're background suggests that you aren't going to like the typos in my tweets! :)
why are you still using ie?
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
leaving in 3ish hours for the good life!
kind off.
“: Let's go GMEN” good luck to the NY Giants hope to see you in Indy. Go NE Patriots!
I skipped McDonald's because I am running late. Mm not happy.
I love the way Madmen is bringing 'sexy back' to vintage fashions. Your parents + Grandparents may have had the look...
Today I was just sitting around and I started to think about the concert we went to.... and I started crying. It was so amazing.
I got Montez and Fudge Necklace. Lol Still Collectin :)
Atlanta might be the worst sports city in this country.
I keep seeing fb statuses of people having something they do best. What the fuck can I do ? -__-
I'm going to see horrible bosses!
I hope you are right. I'm don't exactly wave the flag for the Lakers. Just think we see a different Gasol and Bynum on Sat
RT remove toxic people from your life - eliminate those who seek to exploit and hurt you
Agree with you that key to ongoing success of B's new strategy is the retention of Ray Henderson on the leadership team
ahaha we have too much fun ! I love it . 😊
US Royalty to make repeat appearance at Sweetlife. I'm excited to see both them and The Shins.
nigga, I was just about to say the same thing. So, I was wondering could I go home w/ you after game and picked up there?
Chuck norris wants george 2 win the #SpriteSlam PAUL GEORGE. DONT MESS WITH CHUCK
Had a really long day goodnite twitter friends(; (:
Don't hate on my craft
Derby day!!
I'm gonna start a religion where you are required to tithe 60% of your income on bad decisions.
He wears those a lot but always the wrong city!
That guys sitting next to magic on his left is a straight up IDIOt!!! He should just Shut up!!
What are your dreams? We have a bunch!
i do too! got more place i can look for extra copy of parent plan but i'll wait til tomm to do that.
Seriously exhausted today, after portraying an emotionally super-volatile version of Lady Montague all day yesterday! Rock and roll! :-}
THANKS! RT : i'm going to start spreading the word among local librarians, archivists, students, codeathon
OMG AUSTIN TWEETED YOU.<3
lol #bitch is getting popular. wat.
THANKS!! I still need the job. :)
Ryan thx for follow!
Sometimes you just have to let people go so they can be happy and move forward in life
it was the editing right? U really pitched a solid idea... Right?
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Reading NecoleBitchie stuff...
(I should try writing longer tweets first)
#Giro On the left soon, the very old church of Villa S. Faustino; altho the odds are it'll be hidden behind the trees.
Happy Hump Day! Oh and happy birthday :)
thats what i said but i aint gonna be usin it i got that surround sound
omg. Just finished. I'm finally caught up in your story(: <3
D2L now has over 300 employees, almost double what they had last year. #D2L11 (via )
funds are always hard to come by. Thanks to the help of #Donations!
You tell me!
Helicopter ops in area of Beaver Meadows #RMNP #LCSAR traffic referring to patient near Emerald Lake. Evac in progress.
#Thanksgiving Dinner at LiLLiES #DC Turkey dinner, salad, five sides, and dessert for just $21.95 Call today for reservations (202) 450-4824
RT $400 in concession cards,Frequent Flyer Miles, Buy Now, Pay Later for Playoffs , Loyalty Rewards Program (2/2)
I don't think they have competition
Who eva is doing music 🎤 i wanna give a mtf shout out to yall keep doing yall thing FWM we moving...
... My neighbors rock!!!
need to paint my nails or something 😷
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well. Age doesn't always bring wisdom. Sometimes age comes alone.
time to blaze up da bomb
good just as long as u admit it
I didn't expect to give things up but to live by the 80/20 rule-the longer I did it the worse I felt when I indulged in gluten.
Welcome and good morning back at you....
Qdoba, Starbucks n Beer
CW20 News at 10's is lunching in Lenoir City; maybe he'll meet Jeanne S., a LC resident & last night's winner of The New iPad!
because he's got swag for days
same Q ref. M. Fortun: "fast" means both 'quickly' *and* 'hardened, resistant to change.'
Reading Self-Management for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie... well... because.
Merry 1st Christmas to the little one and the rest of the family!
I'm not doing much drinking these days.
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you're sad and you've no idea why, but you just are.
MORE SHARPIE!
RT : Took the 2nd batter for the Cuzzi crew to blow a call...
Hello tweets how's your day
I never got my worst thing I've been cursed with cd that I won from you guys last summer. :c sad day!
!!!!": Sometimes you just get too caught up in the moment and don't realize what you're doing..."
well you me and have to figure out a day!
roadblocks, hurdles and seemingly insurmountable walls!
Ya girl don't show her face when we be face timing.
LMFAO OMG I LOVE YOU
It was great to see all the MAGNET agencies in Puerto Rico these past few days for the Winter mtg. Hope everyone has safe travels back!
hump day
We'll be offering parking for today's Padres game. Stop by and say hi!
I don't have to! but if i did i would do that. what if they asked you "where are you taking us?" TO GO MEET AUSTIN BRO(;
Leaving the Bay Area again and back to ... Portland... joy.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá: “Thousands of [houses of worship] will be built in the East and in the West…” #239DaysLive [1/2]
Have a insane craving for some good ginger beer or cheerwine. Mostly the ginger beer though. It burns so good.
watching Louisville vs Kentucky
Maybe the rest of season and first playoff series? RT : I bet it is more than 5
Because it does happen every day...
Have you been naughty or nice this year?
Ha. Now that's funny.
Hey just checked with sales and it will be going out tomorrow, should get an email too, thanks
Used a Yeti for her audio and a samsung video camera
#LMSunSIG How to force faculty to use new system?
u guys can come now
Go-to thesaurus website, you're killing me. All my new songs are gonna be about trimming belly fat and zombie makeovers.
Saw a young father pulling his two little kids in a wagon while riding his skateboard;-) Too cute!!!
Watching #30Rock. NOW I get the Leap Day tweets. Merry #LeapDay to us all!!
"Feed your dreams. Starve your fears."
#cookingtips Making homemade chicken stock? Use bulk chicken wings from the freezer section of your grocery store. They make perfect stock.
I miss guy on the subway😞
i will buy myself an ipod touch this summer, i want a pretty white one :)
It's not about the tax rate, it's about the incentives and breaks the wealthy get that others don't. Bottom line.
finally got the new sold page. now I need a sale to try it out!!
We had april showers on the first day of April
I can't stand SATAN!!!!
Fun fact: not many people wear skirts to Megadeth shows.
Need that new single
In fact, you didn't mention University College either.
Goddamn that robbie kid is annoying as fuck to even look at. Fuck that kid, fuck his face.
Must suck having a twin and being the ugly one
In Durango...... its freezing but very pretty and green!
Ayla slept long enough for me to get ready. gotta get dressed and eat
we need to hang out when I'm back in Nashville and you're not busy :)
can I get a copy mann
Yes !!!!! :D I will cook for you. Will you bring Nathan also ??
Awesome! I'm going to see it this weekend! :D
Preparing for tomorrow's CT State Business Plan presentation. Looking to improve on last year's second place finish!
I didn't put out much. So I left out what is now free and brought a couple of things back in.
Your pops shot The Right Stuff beautifully.
One of the best things about having Chinese girlfriend? Killer leftovers for lunch!
Catching up on days I'd missed. Reminds me how powerful is your writing, not just your art. Day5: WOW
i want and , but cant decide to have
Anyone ever notice that stand-up comics are deeply, deeply wounded people? This is in line with my theory that all clowns are sad clowns.
Sometime I feel people do stuff to make me mad.
contest was on Facebook. Hit us up over there next time.
Getting my first aid and CPR. Should have done this a long time ago.
#1k1hr at 9am US eastern. I know, I know, I should just loop this tweet but I'm hooked.
I'll help trend it!
Aw, shit. DMX is about to make me cry.
Awww they somehow look even spikier!
So should I make a new world for 1.8 or wait for 1.9?
Things I learned about my job today: 1. LJ was founded by Dewey, Mr. Decimal himself. 2. He believed in simplified spelling.
Bison did you set your clocks back this morning?
I sure do hate me some Dustin Pedroia.
Macho Nacho for lunch!
I am celebrating my birthday, life, my life, celebrating the wonderful beings in my life... that includes YOU. Thank you! Thank You. ~Shanna
I loved studying romeo and Juliet!
More Van halen tickets, the montage at 3:37! Good luck! JK
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
All Library of Congress holdings can be available through adaptive technology for the blind and physically handicapped.
Instagram lol. I was being lazy
Im Finna Chase This Cheese .... RightNow
Glenn Dick is a big beck.
Max got 8hrs of sleep. Woot!
honestly, Jets fan here.. Don't wanna talk about their season though haha. I was pumped to see the Giants beat the Patriots.
Hey, I wasn't totally unproductive! I fiddled around a bit w/ the interface I'll be using in my new volunteer job as webmaster for a friend.
thought I knew it but was wrong....
lol funny pic I love vampires diaries
Love you more!!!
“I think a smart woman can sell the average man anything,” Leo Burnett
Took the family to see the lights at George Jones' house last night. Thanks, George & Nancy!
Welcome to twitter Mom :)
Damn those two new AC songs are the shiznit! Getting that 7 soon!
food time mit book
Is that Black Manta or "their fallen comrade" Aqualad? First 3 minutes haha
Yes! This Janet interview will finally air in a few minutes. I believe it would be appropriate to take my sedative now.
at ur house bro ...
Don't walk away boy. My love won't hurt you. Don't walk away boy. Ink be right there for you!
The Kings r gonna learn what the Hawks did Phx just hangs around then bores u into a sleep & then they strike
AND its the special edition!
Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982 – in pieces – then shipped to the Keys to be assembled?
stop it you're making my ass jiggle!
#EmoTweets call you later!
I wanna go somewhere today😁
false alarm - someone bought the wrong brand of bagels and a disgruntled employee must have pulled the fire alarm.
you're welcome and thanks for the RTs!
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps On the Turning Away- Pink Floyd
Slideshow: Boost your productivity with these 8 mobile apps
Can't believe that TVD season 3 is almost over they always suprise me 2days episode was great hope fir a season 4
Highschool, the best and worst 4 years of your life!
I can't help but think minute made orange juice is made up of two things; pure sugar and orange food coloring
RT - there is no way in hell there were patriots fans outside of the New England area before brady was QB
i wanna live in a country where sneezing in someone's face is customary
This Friday we are hosting Harold Night in the DCT Come join your buddies in "them."
thank you!
what award did you get?
School tomorrow
Yes let's hang please!
I have a hot date tomorrow! I'm so excited! He's such a gentleman and a sweetheart! #HAPPY!
you'd be amazed. I'm actually rather well behaved.
Thanks for your handy app!
I have a date with ibuprofen and the heating pad. Do I know how to have fun or what?!
It was the little GIRL'S room, byron. Duh. This is a sad story, though.
had much fun last night with the boys. they don't know it, but they're the reason Im so cool.
are u working?
And thanks a million to for partnering w/ We're so honored and excited to work with you.
Or suffer from soberism. RT With around, we will never starve!
Closet & dresser packed! I was a genius to pack my "maybe wear" clothes in suitcases. They're packed yet accessible.
i hope so to , and i really dont know .
Gettin ready 2 hit on some drums....
Sad when NBA fixes dunk contest
RT : "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
Running late to
Rehearsal, rehearsal, gig, then home to work on a scoring project... sounds like an ideal day to me!
RT : #kidscasting keep the germs away so your kids won't miss a casting call http ...
Long season. Hang in there!
easiest answer ever, GHOST ADVENTURES!
#NoTwitterNick your my favorite biology Buddy ever! <3
So here is the part of Kalamazoo (or any big conference) I dread: I am terrible at facial recognition. There is about a five minute lag.
The only person who can control your life is you. Therefor you shouldn't live for ANYONE else.
Art-pop
Drinks on the patio (hopefully) in T- 30 minutes
So I just noticed it snowed a ton outside...crazy
Suns/Nuggets game saturday for me...I don't know anyone that plays for the Nuggets anymore
too bad I'm in SA :(
It's annoying to me that people even think they'll win. Doesn't it raise your blood pressure for no reason?
eh? whats wrong with you? (obviously I get that this means CAT scan...)
hi guys! im so sorry i havent been tweeting much, been really busy! how is everyone? :)
Lawyer makes a good point about Hilliard homes.
- The top of next inning in right field would garner much appreciation.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines. Stanislaw Lem
lol aww thank you boo, I followed you back
I will not be attending but will be there!
Got a nice collection of pics today, ill post tomorrow, bout to pop in a flick an get money fuck it
RT this if you think your to cool to go trick or treating so you just scare little kids haha
RT _bryanacee: follows me. You mad ain't you (;
does not want what he hasn't got.
It's all good If you think about it, and you can laugh about it, It's all good.
The ultimate solution to work/life balance is not escaping from work but living the way you want to work. Are you?
RT : Ordered our electric upright bass for . Stay tuned for more updates on next week's Jazz Shabbat!
Actually his/her name is Charlie.
RT : We're looking for a new web/print design intern. If interested, send us something to look at
I'm from Canton, Michigan. I moved here from Georgia about eight years ago. Have you lived there all your life?
Nigguh.. you don't know.
go ride the go-karts at coney island
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare Drum.
Oh, dear. Feel better!
hi! Thanks for the followback!! :-)
What the fuck is goin' on?!
Have a very nice Valentine's Day night! ♥
What's wrong with Person of Interest? I love that show.
since day 1!
BOUT 2 STEP MY TWITTER CAME UP
He gonna goo say "Sydney With The Fat Ass" Lmfao
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
Yeah it sucks. You turn the page every six words. But I've been desperate!
So over members of the Heat putting feet in their mouths
I'm so proud of you for doing schoolwork mostly everyday. =) #RickyKingOfSwag <3
Cuz That right there is just cold-hearted .
wow how interesting, innovative and useful. I will spread the word and RT. our clients could use this. hope u can too!
& My boo needs to wake up already .
Why thank you!
email me :
I love the fact that me remembering the smallest thing makes you happy. Guess I'm doing something right as a woman :) <3
just checked out the app...it seems awesome
WEDNESDAY WHY U NO FRIDAY!?!?!?
If you're looking for the easier, softer way- smile! It takes 43 muscles to frown & only 17 muscles to smile :)
Me too.
Steve Toure received a bronze medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Lower Level Exam.
Making plans to see Gran Torino tonight. I'm hearing ole Clint was cheated out of a Best Actor nomination. We'll see. ;)
If mayweather lost nobody would talk to beiber again lmfao.
I had my voice teacher tell me to speak through my vulva. Talk about your lip service.
I might be bipolar. I go from fuck everything to love everything faster than a ray of light.
he's here until friday.
Thanks to #CWA the hashtag #corporategreed is the number one promoted hashtag trending worldwide
Is going to post content to iTunesU because that would be totally sweet.
Got me some pizza 😄
Ali G said it the best "Keep It Real"...loll
AWKWARD MOMENT: When you watch your loved one fill out a DISABILITY FORM And for "Type:" (writes) EMOTIONALLY #WOW! #UGH **sigh** Like ·
oh okay, we would love to write a piece on you.
Supertramp "It's Raining Again" equals awesome
any of you lovely librarians out there have handy access to ISO 18934:2011 and are willing to look up one little factual tidbit?
absolutely right Coach Czes
At least zombies are fun to knock off!
I'm totally being bullied by a house finch...
Are you rehabbing any deals?
my mom said yes about the pictures. When can we do them?
THANKS for the RT!!!
Driving past a car in flames just feels dangerous.
. you ought to be kissing the WH's ass you're not behind bars, cowboy. oh, and fuck you.
I hit my 2,000 limit. I need more FOLLOWERS. Follow me please so I can follow more peeps. Thanks. Chynna Girl
The tide is high but I'm holdin on. I'm gonna be your number 1
AutoBots are the NEW traffic generation tool.
ew. dont talk to me if you like them.
1d Please Follow Fans possibly this One :D i love you guys lots<3
Flu shot clinic today in room UL1126 from 1:00 – 3:00pm. It is free to all IUPUI faculty, staff, and students. Bring your JagTag.
TMZ trivia tonight at TC Hooligans in Greece at 9pm with
I can only deal with one douchebag at a time. Take a number.
I wish you're tweets were as good as your goaltending.
All of the profile snippets (the bios) read oh-so-similar.
#WhatHurtsTheMost Being Ignored by someone you Love.
So... How are my little #nickasaurians :)??
I'm so sorry! Why did they make this rule?? new rule?<---Yup, no media members can play events this year.
Thanks for making #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! You have made the Holidays warn! <3 youu
aww I'm sorry about your laptop. whats wrong with it?
The finish line will be at the opening of the FOE International Convention July 8, 2012, in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Ghetto in amor ah
just my luck, I have a class that night.
Why do kids think that White Americans are Americans and Black Americans are not Americans.
Answer from Yesterday! : You would get.. "Boston baked beans and brown bread."
I always get nervous when someone says "What's that smell?"
It was me...lol
hello and welcome to twitter :p
anyone wanna go to the fly?
Wishing I was with him:(
So tierd of hearing about my family getting accepted to huge universities. And me only getting accepted to Ivy Tech. Thanks guys
Starting to see more and more "text me" signs for Realtors. If you're not using text messaging to sell homes you'll be left behind.
Me in WW2.. General: "Why are you running?" I said, "I'm running because I can't fly!"
I guess. Do u actually like pancakes?
Awesome weather in #WestlakeVillage over the weekend. Working on #Facebook Fan Pages, SEO and Joomla 1.7 template designs this week.
Wow leading at the half.
It's so beautiful outside! ☀🌻🌷🌾 I'm trying not to waste it. :)
“: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there. So I let go and fell hard ..... #oops” i just read this again and lol'd
Cool. I'm wasted and no one wants to hang out.
are there no protests happening?
Found out Austin is in the top 3 markets for bourbon (with NYC and San Francisco). Wow. Central TX loves the food stuff.
loved me some seven flavor chicken but still can't wait to try
Is it fair for a guy who doesn't see Garcon at work everyday like Kravitz to then question Garcon's effort?
all u artist rappers and singer
": If you did not watch two people with totally different beliefs duke it out...today you were not me." I would've been involved
Hey so why did the drooling Scott Forestall sell 95% shares in Apple? Somebody maybe signal he wasn't going to rise to CEO?
MB IS ON BTW
Pres #Obama and PM Netanyahu admit to “differences”. Michele Dunne will assesses the impact of today’s talks on the peace process
Speakers that will be on the Entrepreneurship panel-
UPS needs to step up their game
Most definitely!
leave my shortness alone and... I've lost a follower <|3
Namma Metro station will also keep the flag flying high - The Hindu
Love the new profile photo here on Twitter, my friend! :)
you're freaking gorgeous! #Puuurfect (:
Visit LA's Chinatown for traditional Moon Festival Sat Night under the full, full moon. Lots going on during festival.
I'm in a New York state of mind. NYC specifically. Geronimo!
at least Ryan didn't GIDP
"What does not destroy me, makes me stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche via
Shout out to the homie today. I know it's going down.
So everybody, What makes someone worth following on Twitter?
Looking for an executive assistant to work in our promotions division. You will be able to be very creative and put your own stamp on many …
Great to introduce Wider Wake to Ty McMahan of
thats what i screamed! i guess they built a nest by my window and im laying down listening to music and they attacked me!! lol
I am going to see that. Now I'm super stoked about it!
oh man!! what's good it been a minute!!
Remember that time when I had the biggest crush on ? Yeah, me neither. ;) Gosh, it seems like a decade ago.
We've got 24 people coming over today - lots of cooking left to do!
Twistiis made in the USA factory is up + running! Request your sample Twistii at stylists skip the hair pins + Twistii!
could a huge fan get a rt
What is up with the game misconduct Call I mean how is it assessed is it automatic on hits to the head or a refs call
still rather sign Moss or Plaxico to a 1 year deal,theyd have alot to play for, chance to prove worthy of big time $ 4 last time
not DLP? I'm ashamed :P good job though! I love you :)
Congrats on the One Year anniversary, We will be there for the second and the next one! Great success is headed for ya'll!
"It's not a fanny pack. It's a bro-sack!!!"
(via ) Good luck! Hope everything goes well!
Somebody save me
General Admission purchased online needs to be redeemed at WILL CALL. VIP ticket buyer can use the VIP parking entrance
YOOOOO!!! IM BORED
Reality is an illusion caused by alcohol deficiency!
RT from Iran: militia in streets of tehran all night trying to scare ppl RT
Good luck to your baby today!
i am always here for you remeber i am your mommy lmao :)
Jeff's right. I was there for that.
I'm all for capital punishment after observing how Texas people drive.
Can't sleep. Too much hustle in my brain.
Sick to my stomach from this ND game...gotta be shittin me
Wiener story keeps getting bigger. In related news, The Beaver opens wide this weekend. Could this week get any more infantile?
Ery Day All Day, contact me. I wanna talk!
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
Dear North Carolina - When you make Virginia look progressive, it means epic fail.
almost done with the part :)
u sho rite
Watching someone get a tattoo. I don't think I could get one. But they're cool.
"well, THAT was a delightful commute to Jersey City." - sentence that has never been said in the history of the world.
That's a stop Theodore needs to make. // RT : #njDevils back in it, score :48 into the 3rd #FlaPanthers 3-1
I HATE CERAMICS SO MUCH.
hahaha. Justin Bieber is a 51 years old Pedophile :)
you know when you have a bad feeling about a customer... and then you're right. ugh
Need to move into a better place internally. Prep to do and job to email to the team. Oh and packing...ugh
Bathroom cleaning: my idea of fun after the kids go to sleep.
Count me in for a home version of Say-N-Play as a twitter party prize!
What do u miss most about playing at UK? # BBN
I have to admit, my eyes closed a bit in 3OT, but they were WIDE open for game winner! Deliriously happy + tired!
LIVE w/ a BAND Sept. 30TH @ Universal Bar&Grill.
2 weeks until pitchers and catchers report to #SpringTraining... The countdown to #OpeningDay begins!
#FF TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS! SORRY I AM PRESSED FOR TIME LOVE YOU AND APPRECIATE YOU ALL XOXO
Love seeing the back and forth between and the #OccupyPDX folks.
my grilled cheese sandwhich >>>>
Casino Night Tips -Serve your drinks in appropriate glasses that match the drink contents For example, use martini glasses to serve martinis
Whenever I see Ron Paul, I always hear "Smithers, release the hounds" in my mind.
We love sexlena
It is a joke.
sounds awesome! Looks awesome!
This is a horrible rendition of the Star Spangled Banner...
Bezerky Jerky. Slogan: You got beef? Dont be a jerky.
lower tax bracket?
credit card just arrived in the mail. My bank account needs to recover, but it will be swiped soon enough.
just released a new video "Who r the chili chicks" c it @ chilichicks.com on the home page
Sometimes, it's just "What, do you got me on a fuckin' pay-no-mind list kid?"
wep all you can do is come over one Sunday and check it out. I'm not on the team so I don't know how they pick songs
Thanks! So happy to see it finally go live.
WTF is going on with Bucz!!! I hope u know your playing the Colts with Curtis Painter not
Right Like You Cant Find Another Tweet Like That! My Tweet Dominates! xD
Thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!
30 min. song, never heard of ...
I like how the doc on Bethany is wearing sea sick stickers
or starbucks
too hard on a book for someone to upload it somewhere and get it free! Many of us are trying to educate to buy and not pirate
Thanks to all my new followers!
Thank you Milwaukee Vegans for all of the re-tweets, comments and pictures! Keep them coming for our #veganweekend 4/6 and 4/7.
the newt and romney neocon show. Great job!!
RT : RT : Your favorite rapper's favorite rapper. #BehindTheMusic is replaying NOW on ! #illmatic (Classic)
T-minus 15 minutes to the first rev... really hoping these guys nailed it.
Top HARO's for the day: "Casting 'Dogs in the City' (cbs)" and "Are you dating a Zombie (national site)"
Holy shit, told me about the Haiti earthquake right when it started. Thankfully he's okay.
Let's sign a petition to get her back. RT : Ya know what? I miss
congrats! Let's repeat this win on April 19th Suns vs Clippers!
do you have an email address?.. Thanks Lee
hm come let me find out
At Refresh tonight and posting on Twitter? Tag it #mobileoranges!
Off to West Palm Beach to juggle some fire and make some balloons!
This is awesome! Thanks!!
You make the call Damon....what ever you like I'll bake!
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber & a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque.
Well, surprisingly I had a pretty good day at school. :) :b
So how you gonna kick it?
yeah that's wats up ...hey bro might've found my new place today !!
working on a marketing plan for a book on Texas seashells. Fun!
yes i am a little pissed off atm
well hopefully i did good on my presentation D:
Right on!!!
gueSS WHO FOUND HER EASTER BASKET LMAO ME
Hope that's a #ZingZang mix!! Either way, cheers!!
Ever wanted to just scream ur heart out? -_-
YES! YES! YES!
I'm totally in #Missouri, #RadioSilence for 5 days.
Somethings baby never told you, somethings papa never liked.
RT : What's dumber, a guy slightly fudging his resume or anyone thinking Yahoo is a real company?
thanks Jonathan
shame on you #Obama how CAN u appeal to the female gender? ;-)
if only I was so lucky
sorry guys if i don't follow u right after ur following me,it's just i use my cellphone to connect to #twitter,it doesn't work sometimes=)
- Congrats & good luck to Chris Jones this weekend at the 2012 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Koksijde, Belgium!
what?! I want to hear all about this, it sounds amazing
If you can read this, then be grateful that you are not in jail. #twitterinjail?
One day , you'll return. Like Usher says , let it burn.
Is it drink-thirty yet?
lol word he pussy. jus take it.rather bron miss than chalmers
Holy shit theres alot of things I have to do June 2nd
Are you enjoying it? (cc: )
Colts hire Pagano and the Ravens picked up....Caldwell....seriously? Good luck with that Baltimore.
Birmingham tonight!
hey just found $100K in the budget that is being wasted, In Misc Expenses for Independent Auditors, it is obviously wasted
Sorry 'bout that. I might have overloaded their system - I sent out lots of invites ;-)
nice reflective post-we all need 2reflect-hard 2keep forward momentum-change comes so fast, hard 2manage it-my vote-yr doing gr8:)
i'm stuck in a city but i belong in a field.
Haha I think it is funny when you hear a phone go off in the store and everyone stops and checks their phone all at once.
Thanks Jeff. 1/5 second handheld :)
Dear I miss you.
Thanks for the kind words. Nice to see you and glad you enjoyed the course.
Have a great weekend!
Do you need #Relationship #advice? Just ask Lynne: www.AustinOnTrackCounseling.com
Given the answer LADOT gave me, it seems like it's not a priority...more letters. More press.
Please welcome Music_Is_Lif to the Max life
Hey Steelers fan at least y'all got a "TERRIBLE" towel to wipe y'all tears.
“: Today is the last day on twitter....follow to stay in touch
I hope the power doesn't go out! Oh that's right the #generator has our back.
My short film "Horror Movies Suck" won 'Best Horror Comedy Short' at Shockfest and Melissa Vilardo won for 'Best Editing' at Mockfest!
Thanks and you too!
Does anyone know where I can get some parsley? I asked the Sayge but it Dunno either...
Dinner and a movie with the parents. Nice Friday night. :)
The cool thing about my Africana studies program was that we had a solid foundation of the "canon of literature" in that field
I say fuck those folks. Releasing an album is very far from being disrespectful.
Energizing & filling up brain power Children's Hospital w/ breakfast! #goodmorning!
please be fair and compare scottsdale women with milwaukee women. thanks.
Great spot!(: up 2-1 in the second in OKC.
yes it has lot more about to chango
is a fantastic organization comprised of creative professionals helping one another with their endeavors. Addt'l details soon!
ah thatd be awesome! Ill deff make moves lol thanks so much :)
Ned, I made ur bio by cutting/pasting from ur website. If you need change,send me revision and I will post asap ;)
NO. JUST NO.
Feel free to use a picture of me as your prof pic.
Used book jackpot #2 @ Princeton Day School thru this wkend. From Otis Spofford to To Kill a Mockingbird. Love it!
Eating @ Chick-fil-A w/ my 3 most favorite people in the world! I love them!! ;-)
You know what, forget you. I'm done with you. There's no reason to stay in touch with you anymore.
oh lord lol
are you responsible for lubbock listening to us? i know you had a great run down there; wondered if you were spreading the love.
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 30% students found iPad distraction or would avoid another course (15%) only want etexts in a few classes
Seeking motivation from a bag of chips.
not really bro. People used to get married at 13,14,15 . And in the bible is there an age limit for love?
Back in Houston, Texas. I had a great break from school. I did study a little bit. Now, it is time to chill and start it all over again. :)
come & see me on a day when Catherine's working from home and you can get two meetings for one!
Can anyone else see the Heat pulling a Pistons vs Bulls if they lose this series? Walk off court in last game with time on clock?!?
Performing at a house partying this Friday night! =D
our pleasure! hack and snack
S.Africa recalling the 1.35M condoms handed out at 100th bday party of ANC. Questioning the 425M handed out annually.. Inexcusable
LOL he is like an Icon
people were giving out codes like candy on christmas yesterday, and you do a contest?
you be singing 'im sexy and I know it's love you Bieber
To understand healthcare issues read TR Reid's book, The Healing of America. It's a great book that'ill open ur eyes if you open your mind.
Did #Rangers rainout in Baltimore just cost us a Wilson - Darvish matchup on Friday?
will never understand #anime ..
I would like to join me in debating Let's make this happen.
love ya midg
wow congrats!!! I represent a few country bands here in Rochester!!!
Just read that Paris Hilton article. WHY????? Even Afrojack can't save that trainwreck.
I was wondering what happened to you. Welcome back!
RT : Pyrotopia is TODAY! Kids' activities are indoors from noon-5pm -then, go have dinner and come back at 8pm for the main event.
Thanks brother
Mary Astor takes a star turn as a B-girl in the 1948 film noir Act of Violence about a WWII veteran's fatal redemption on a dark LA street.
I will deliver!!
"It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Someone remind Harper, he's not allowed into the Octagon tonight (rumored to be there), won't sign rematch vs bat
: always sir, always ;-)
She Doing Her Thang So I Mite As Well Do Mine!
I think the new tagline should be, "Delta. We'll make 'em fit."
I have a very strong love of Chinese culture and the people.
Today is going to be a #shitshow. I can feel it.
Well sitting in computer it is a boring as ever but going to justin bieber sites now oh ya
Grillin some steak & planning a trip...
I have 2 games next week!! (:
supp!! Amanda.im back.
Thanks! RT : Creative Network.
no cause I will partt with you since like the other girls arwnt really my friends anymore. At least we don't talk
Just dont know anymore
Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv
Great hustle by dwade
That French dude is really great at making faces but, give Brad the gold!
How are you so beautiful and remain so humble and down to earth?
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
Palmer, Campbell, Leinart? Wow, if this were 2006 Oakland would have an incredible QB situation...
Wow, lots of new inkjet printers being shown at Drupa2012. Collins has been formulating and mfg inkjet inks for 22 years! Visit us 15-A03-5
Great meeting you Arash, I will get your email from Dan to "officially connect" haha, keep up the great work @ ESPNLA!
hi Stephen hope you have a fabulous day :---)
I put my faith in you, so much faith and then you just threw it away.
you're the man!
John Lynch says continued newsroom cuts are transition to new delivery platforms; college grads vs. old-school journos.
Sounds like flying local makes more sense to me.
in Finland, right?
yeah, i clicked the link earlier and it took me to a different story. pretty cool though. i bet he's got a pretty big ego now tho
Spent a day in my hometown, now I remember why I never moved back...
There needs to be a way to explain to Pandora to not play any music from an artist after a certain year. Lookin' at you,
every single president of the US has been a citizen. Your confusion seems to be what constitutes a "natural born citizen"
Freezing though it be, #TILTS DH starts on schedule tomorrow: a workshop and then keynote lecture by Laura Mandell. Austin folks: come out!
totally stoked to see the season premier of #DoctorWho tonight! The Doctor comes to America--can't wait to see him sporting a Stetson!
Well, it wasn't me. I'm curious about the cause.
I wonder how is doing.. #bitchisprobablysleeping <3
I'm in...have to wait to get home on the ipad though. I can't play that game enough lately.
Whenever. You know I'm a loser. I don't do anything.
Very interested in your products.
#GOP has launched a Civil War "INSURRECTION" against our U.S. Constitutional #DEMOCRACY w , #turdblossom , #kochbros Kriminals!
If you ever hear the classic song "my girl" on the radio, immediately start punching it. That's how you fight the temptation.
A cogent dystopia would have complicity & consent on the part of the potential tributes. Volunteers would line up like me buying a ticket.
“: 1 day for your Mother, 364 for your pizzas”
what's his is mine what's mine is his... That's how we do.
I connected AIM with gchat - then was bombarded by old high school friends that apparently still use it?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW :D ! I LOVVE U !!
When guys bite their lips. #SoHot 😁
Joshua Redman was born today in 1969. He won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Sax Competition in 1991.
We did a cue-to-cue meeting yesterday...hope you are mentally prepared to wear the headset.
no, he's joking about it. Only the bruggs thing bothered him the first time I said it about his hair.
By a NICE crazy lady....
breaking down data concepts, starting with "John and Jane used the same data" and dissecting meanings therein
i miss Jonathan Drewes and Nick Ramirez :(
her liquids drying up
I am thankful for every year I have lived, every day I experience, each moment in life. You know me as "Forever Happy & Eternally Grateful"
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
rattle snakes, bees . . . what's next. What did you do to piss off mother nature?
he's got a great story... check his wikipedia page!
A1 styles All natural thursdays.. $30 braids, twists, flat iron.. check out A1 styles on Facebook 916-304-2663
Hiya! It has been awhile huh? What's happening with you???
RT : Used to be a fan. Not anymore.
she bad
yep - so, any hidden messages in the version you worked?
