And now and shall follow , because it is full of storytellers, and story loving folk.
Cheers to the (long) weekend!!!
There are some people I wisH I could bump my head and forget.
Oh no! I'm flying out of o'hare tonight for wedding! Did your flight get canceled because of weather?
Big signing today for the Niners, Ahmad Brooks is a beast.
Im sick my throat hurts pray for me!!
You OK? Heard you got twitter whipped by some Cheerleaders.
RT No less than 10 games potentially featuring #USMNT players in the World Cup conversation tomorrow, should be a great day
I couldn't take being that close to $6k, so upped my #ds106 kickstarter donation by 3$. ;-)
The Podcasts can't happen until I get the sound files from the radio station :(
So full from dinner!! #pho oosh. Need to shower and get back to work!
Why can't I post in DCUO forums? What is forums support email?
2day is the 1st day of the rest of my life.
Back at EWR and heading home
For orders put NX Order in the sub. line along with your order info for general info. or other inquiries put NX Inquiry in the sub. line
Very cool. I think I'm going on the 13th, but I live in Las Vegas, so I hope it does a long run and I can go often.
also dogs don't cook, clean or fuck me :/
Good morning!! Its Thursday what's going on in the city?
brilliant, Holmes! Tell me, in what school did you learn to be a detective? Elementary, my dear Watson...elementary
I already started on the first. I want it to be creepy ad then deep. Maybe I should try making it a chain thing
Can you modify playback speed? Re-encode video with 100x the frames, play at 100x speed. :-D
Damn this gym packed today
Working on my '90s-era thriller "The Girl With the Soup Dragons Tattoo."
Little people wanting to ban use of "midget". Said it's like the "N" word. Wrong. It's completely different. A midget can't kick my ass.
The best food in the world tonight, i have a special date at Big Bowl followed by the movie The Lucky One can't wait!
((Positive Vibes)) out to Mumbai after the earthquake!
thanks for a great time and great pizza!
What U.S.A city should FuNkY ProMotions start its first franchise in! Give your suggestions peeps! We are branching out!
😁 wish I knew you better
yes I'll post a pic!
:( its being raining a lot lately here now
lol thats weird. Must be the taste.
lmao only when you're making money.
2011 was a really great year. Besides many amazing things in my personal life, I had some awesome composing opportunities. Here's to 2012!
fam, we have the hardest time with RISP this season, idk why!
Those shots in the 1948 game have made my day.
you should play"Just In Love" ~Joe Jonas
Welcome to the team Seth Rich!!
Yoda is making so many friends in the city today.
fresh can of COPE long cut. #HAAN!
“: Every time I see a fat chick wearing purple, I automatically think of McDonald's Grimace.”
hate medemerge. if i get swine flu i'm gonna be pissed
Anthony reminds me of Vinny.
: ratmobiles, wiener schnitzel and the no-tech : I worry about this group loose in Milwaukee.
Don't go looking for truth on the internet.
thx hope we can help you in the future with some great hotel deals
Finally got my permit, & my mom let me drive home >:D
Ian Stewart and Reed Johnson homer, Cubs beat Brewers 8-2 to avoid sweep - Washington Post
why would that teacher make me leave when I been there for 45mins -___-
Class hasn't even started, and I can't wait to get out and eat some Whataburger. 4:50 can come faster, please!
Sometimes I just need a hug.
me either like WTF answer back Dan
Who wouldn't want to spend the night in a fantasy suite?
: Darien PL's circing ipads started out totally locked down. Based on patron requests, made them more open.
Every time I watch this is it, I with I could have seen michael Jackson live!
I divide all readers into two classes; those who read to remember and those who read to forget. William Lyon Phelps
I can feel it happening!!! Its a good karma day!!! YAAAY! I love these days!
Lifetime movies always show you a lesson and they ALWAYS involve situations about sex or breast cancer 😝
One of the Pirates of McKinley Lagoon just seized the 69th team spot! Who will take team #70?
You "cooled down" with ANOTHER run? Hard. Core. :)
How can weather reports say it "feels like 8 degrees"?Do they have someone stand outside and estimate what # they think it is?
I don't ever see any of ur tweets on twitter!!
It's not #FF but please check out our friend and please #follow!
It's almost 2 oclock, chea! How will I spend tmrw's off day.....hm???
Follow Me Plz? (:
I wish would stop stealing all my #sxsw tweets before I can tweet them. I'm just going to RT him all day.
Thanks Kelly! Not SF yet. Couldn't find anything, and Sabrina's thing fell thru. Hoping to try again soon though!
Groupon's first-quarter profit brings back some credibility
About to watch the girl with the dragon tattoo
Standing ovation of 800 people in tribute of Sen Byrd.
Problem: 1 Hungry. Problem 2: Lazy.
bombers eating a fabulisous chicken sandwich. Yes more yes yummy
Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action. -D.Schwartz
Michael J Fox on Regis and Kelly RIGHT NOW!
GO FOR IT.
I still need to find film for this throwback 90' Poloroids i got for a steal.I always wanted one but now its collecting dust.
so far so good!
Marcum worries: "how many digital special collections we've already lost"; scholars build resources abandoned after book pub.
We still have some great clothes in out 70% off sale! Come to the store and check it out!
Are any other organizations excited about March Madness? Or is just the
So Nebraska's coach thinks altitude only affects people when they're outside. Genius!
srsly tho I want the British D too so share the wealth.
I did not know they made black almish ppl!!!
Ah, the joys of conference planning. What fun would a day be without some type of crisis to deal with?
Goin for a run at midnight.. Hope I don't get shot👊
fuk the feds im tryna drown in dough
Teachers are so disrespectful , fuck that ! Ill be damned if i get disrespected adult or not #YEANIGGAIKNOW badass
Thanks so much for the mention!
Thank you Twitter, for being my new distraction. My eyes were hurting from all the "amazingness" at the other site.
what is?
was the French toast a one time thing?
doesn't help when you hit a guy batting .065 leadoff
happy bday Madonna, yes she is the best!
Reading David Hackett Fischer's Champlain. Up to Henry IV chapter. Just finished the St. Bartholemew's Day Massacre.
Excited for the walk tomorrow in San Diego. We raised $350, so grateful for generous friends and family! Hope it doesn't rain.
hey man i'm doing very good thanks. How are you? Lets work together again!
Vision is not enough, it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps. We must step up the stairs.....
great meeting you last weekend. Let's def keep in touch!
Sometimes the only sane answer to an insane world is insanity. - The X-Files
Did you ever get us tickets to a pirate game.?
Could you light a cigarette?
Playin Resident Evil goin to watch Kurt & Courtney!
All I do is miss you, and they way we used to be.
True that! RT #womencantresist a man who is intelligent....
So I got these dark navy boxers that look like shorts to take out trash / hang outside like no big deal. But weather is totally ruining it..
I don't figure it out until I was like 11
I have so much #LOVE that I want to give and express with that one Women but seems like I can't give it to her. Your Promoter Shocka Shock
Haha your tweets are too sincere. Thank you for the compliments :)
I'm getting "rugged" today. Check it out at ruggedmamiac.com!
This car is going to make me go crazy...and possibly bankrupt
S/O To My Follower
Steps to prevent the Titanic from sinking: 1. Name iPod "The Titanic" 2. Sync said iPod 3. Cancel syncing 4....
I am so not looking forward to that
Sweet find! Thanks :)
THAT'S WHAT I SAID
Grouplove-colours is a great song
hahahahahahahahah! How are you holding up? You are good!
for example, if you've got 3-4-5 coming up in the 8th, wouldn't it be better to use best reliever for biggest threat?
That's true.
just put kaya down to nap, so far she's staying there....crying loudly but staying in bed.....this just might work. =)
I see, thank you!
The best type of stretching is static stretching- a low, continuous stretch. This type of stretch is recommended for stretching exercises.
Hi, Kim! Glad to meet you!
omfg iim sick as a dog
are there projects you have in mind when you say that? I used to kinda be in that world, though a lot has changed since the 90s
Our freaking printer is a piece of crap ! It hasnt worked once on the first try since i've been home for school >.<
"Partnership exceeds any single project" thank you Lethbridge for presentation.
It's April the Heat gotta start picking it up
Looking for Summer Fun for the Kiddos? Here is a great way to have fun, with some education (shh we won't tell!)...
OMG plzz follow me or tweet I love your crew soo much I be giivng you love from Canada
sir yes sir
can you follow for me? still me different account.
U go to the store for a hershy go home with a star burst.!
WHEN YOU MAKE A TWEET JUSTIN BIEBER RELATED AND GET SPAMMED BY EGGS IN YOUR MENTION ABOUT HOW TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW YOU. LIKE NO. SIT.
you got it all cover
New Latin Media Guru Interview with Lance Rios (), founder and CEO of bit.ly/he7MK3
So, I shouldn't bring mine tomorrow? RT Dawkblitz: Saw 3 30 year old douche bottles w/ their gloves on. Why not put the eye black on too
not what i heard . & i dont have rennee fever . I have no fever .
January is almost done already. What's up with that.
what's really awkward is sitting next to your ex boyfriend and his new girlfriend during service.
I wud have left megan pretty ass on the curb cant stand a bougie broad money are most chicks motivation followed by looks/sex
Just watched Think Like A Man yesterday. Funniest movie I've seen in a while
Jake really is going in the Army?
aw :/ no they are touring in 2013 in the states next year though! And 2014. So please don't give up hope! :) so are BTR<3
Just scheduled my 15k mile service The miles add up and a year went by to fast.
New Single Pretty Straight!!
I love grapes
My one year old has started hating baths evidenced by her screaming the entire time. Any advice?
Appreciate the info !
Also look through YouTube; there are some great videos on SQL there. Let's see if I can find one…
a flat what now ? haha
Today turned out to be a very good day :)
I'll be sure to invite the kiddies at McDonald's as well.
I think I have a fear of nuns. I'll blame
In the emergency room with my lil diva
little fake bitches prancing around.. um no
still on the phone c:
"i cant have the music that loud right now, im too full.
thanks for the mention at the conf today, be passionate!
I swear, if #teamXtina wins tonight, I'm gonna be beyond pissed. They were NOT professional last night and lost all respect from me.
Best BBQ in Austin - Franklin BBQ East 11th.
only brilliant if they also include #pitusa and Call Me Maybe.
~I Can Noo Longer Worry About Wut U Doin N Who U Screwin Im On My WorkaHolic Shyt...#NoDayzOff..!
MT : A2 If I ever make it to Mitchell, SD, I'll be eating at the Depot b/c I heard of it via here
Stephen Bell references Kindle project with university textbooks at and Princeton- students gave it a thumbs down.
sweet let me know what you think of the new material!
BRUTUS: "Get you to bed again; it is not day. Is not to-morrow, boy, the ides of March?" (cc: )
her lil punk as self,love struck punk bitch ass dat im not FAT she not skinny her dam self nd she NEVER wil be too so STFU.!!
Wearing RED tomorrow on Equal Pay Day to symbolize how far women and minorities are "in the red" with their pay! www.pay-equity.org
Come on man...respect the process!
Religulous back on instant Netflix. #thereisaGod bill maher/silver fox
It's Not Fun Until The Ref Pulls Out A Red Card
I wish I could make YES into a bigger font
I've been saying it all year. One day will be a high draft pick for the NFL.
nothing to worry about. Like I said completely normal for 20 year olds to look at that kind of stuff.
Seriously?! Some people are jerks...
Somebody had to go..
RT : Are you ready for the Black Friday sale? We're talking rooms for $25 starting at 6am on 11/27!
Nothing ever starts in a state of completion.
I'm sorry been busy latly! D:
wow. she said yes... wasnt expecting that..
We got Johnny Wynn behind the controls and Jerome Bronson doing some instrumental
my body feels 60 not 31
thanks for the follow! :)
The bummer of an afternoon I was having is quickly turning around with the reappearance of sunshine. And music.
Tonight's dinner was brought to you by the incompetence of National Grid and the Halloween Nor'easter. Also known as: canned goods.
we're all bottomless.
This is a rollercoaster of a sports weekend. So many emotions.
HAving fun in ft Lauderdale
Never make eye contact when eating a banana.
Thanks for the mention, Rhonda!
I'm already mentally there lol
Dave Holland, "Critical Mass", The Leak.
she's wearing pearls?
hey u ever thought about flying . and how far you can go !
different world no doubt. This was very cool.
I think im scared of what the future holds
Derek: if u dont cut my arm off im going to cut your head off ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
MetroPCS begins data throttling for select plans
yam family
The inaugural #semtechbiz Berlin hasn't even officially started yet, but I've already had so many excellent conversations with (cont…
Nothing hurts more than not being able to trust someone you love and being stabbed in the back...
No1 txt mi or call mi bc my phone is done for good!!
First time having Dairy Queen. Mad good
What team do you want to win the #SuperBowl ??
parking garages creep me out a little bit...
Back from tour, back to work, practice tonight, gonna shake off the shit from this week.
Watching 16 and pregnant.. Actually one good kid on here & not another dickhead
Saw the Stahl/Chemosphere houses. Next, Eames/Gamble. Then, the Jetson house for packing & wishing I was moving into one of the former.
I'm so hungry but the kitchen is all the way next to me
“: Lazy sunday”. Math. Study. Finals.
FINALLY REMEMBERED THE PASSWORD! YES
I'm engaged to the love of my life! yayyyyy!!!!
You could have started your mother's day early by picking her up and taking her to the park and having a Mother Daughter/ Mother Son long
Let that nigga be too many niggas know about em and what not just let him fool these idiots! & oh that EP we got it on repeat !
I am for an art that is political-erotical-mystical, that does something other than sit on its ass in a museum. - Claes Oldenburg
Swag car
I never lie!
P.f. changs
why not
Rumor has it that Skullgirls will be making its debut at on tonights BSL stream. Tune in tonight people! 7:30PM PST!
what??? Must click and read now...
Listening to #f8. I hope Zuck doesn't turn out to be the villain people think he is b/c he'll soon have enough power to take over the world.
I'm picking up my drugs at CVS!
Follow for a DM...... can help a little with
Dad will be in town this evening for the weekend. I need to spend some time w/ family- overdue.
Lately everyone's like Hey Jelissa. An I'm like (•_•)....Then I realized I had up my government name on fb...
Thanks for following me...following you too!
Happy birthday love! :)
Lets start a national trend of #prankingDelilah. Any takers? Make sure you get past the screeners w/ something legit then let go crazy. : )
That moment u trip in ur heels during lunch rush hour...
it's a petty drive-by mentality to superficially scan something and trash it from afar...
Got my chip tooth fixed .. i was looking like Fabolous out here haha
No problem
oh and btw: happy birthday, celina. i love and miss you. nov 2003 & july 2004.
Check out this week’s journal on Clinical & Experimental Cardiology for a Trends in the Incidence Rates, Clinical Features, Treatment Pra…
hey little one how iz it going for yeah
and just Wrecked the #Fillmore313. It's 9:30.
Allerent Consulting Inc. We will be rolling out our new "Strategic Sales" product in the next few days. Stay Tuned!
I see that!
Out with my boy :))
Time to hit the gym!
why i am so tired tonight??
number 46 is so true!
Wow, what a day so far, I feel like a short order cook in the busiest restaruant in town. Hustle, hustle...HUSTLE! Anyways, back to work!
golf equipment
Quickest school day of the year so far
The Bell’s Rich Jones testifying now on HB 1075 re: Reinstating 6% limit on General Fund appropriations. We oppose it.
I need somebody to watch Hitch. Who's up on campus?
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships Good looks is for the pleasure of your eyes but inward beauty is what keeps you in love with them.
Ariana not follow me ! how r u?
Howie is so adorable
In need of something good to watch on Netflix instant play. Go.
Anybody want to give me Incubus tickets? No, nobody, really? yeah didn't think so, but it was worth a shot.
doh! Ha, well the weekend is nearly here.
The tattoo artist loves our design! Squee!!!
Interest rates for one-year ARMs exceeded those for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages over the last two weeks for the first time.
shit me too what you bout to get us?
While I'm at it, I'm assuming you are the same Ned from the Atomjack listserv back in the day?
^__^ Anyways, don't be a stranger :)
Just 4 mins for me. #problemslocalshave. But I am missing riding with
my pleasure
no stop that
I'll talk to u what up???
People really sending death threats to ticket master on my TL lmao
Have a Good Morning Everyone.
Mvt. 1 of an Organ Suite commissioned for our church's new pipe organ is shaping up nicely.
Well be posting a video update soon! Special thanks to Christian Gisondi who saved the day for us and will be playing bass at our next show!
Sorry to anyone who has to sit next to me for the next two hours in this class, bar smell.
FINALLY about to sit down to donate plasma, this process is long!!
...and then trip to to see Wozzeck, Griselda, Last Savage and year young artists in audition! Can't wait!
I can't tell u how #HOT its is 2day. Have u ever had that feeling like theres no wind just hotness all around!?!?!?!
I'm Concentrated
LOL this morning I DEFINITELY hated it!
no and follow me on tumblr:)
bruno latour and i have the same birthday
And I just sent that from the wrong account.
where da loud smokers at
I would wear my #LNYHBT Teeshirt in front of the U.S. Capital and get my picture taken for my Twitter icon/avatar and Facebook
Pauli D just said Britney's gonna kill it tonight just like she does on her tour!!!! That mean she's performing?????? :D
I so knew when he started to erase their names on the board that they'd crash. i'm a mind reader, what can i say.
You are welcome! Enjoy.
Mavs game with the best fiancé.
Happy Holidays, everyone at HQ!
watching last week's #MadMen again just because.
My mom doesn't want a mothers day preset she said she rather me wash all the clothes and clean my room! Haha!
John McCain almost president of the USA just boarded MY plane
watching my favorite show #marymary on
At #DevIgnition Code as Data as Code Clojure talk "Programs writing programs" sweet
Tired of trying. Sick of crying, Yea, outside I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying.
follow back
Nomming it up at Macaroni Grill... Italian doesn't get more authentic than this. *crickets*
it would have to be after Wednesday. But yes:)
5.27 laser-timed (bad knees)
“: thanks for the follow love” Dito girlie=)
Paul telling me about his trip to Ireland >
Tweet tweet tweet
baseball never ends between our two families. Justcantgetenough
Maybe they were bought out and upgrading before WSOP?
Back to hockey: What the hell? Marty and King Henry haven't blinked yet?
youll be asked hundered more times
if you say cray again I might slap you
Much thanx to and for developing the #envhist app to help us better connect to our #envhist--past, present, & future.
yes?? What can I do for you?
How far do you drive to and from job every day?
Holy crap! This game is so much fun and is killing me at the same time.
According to bathroom graffiti at a Mississippi gas station, both Sheena Easton and Stacey Q rock.
You change for two reasons, either you learn enough that you want to or you've been hurt enough that you have to.
since girls know what "buttaface" means, i'm just gonna say 'ugly head'
Sometimes, I revert to '90's rap. Tonight, it's "Too Legit to Quit".
I am going to the Labor Notes conference this weekend. They gave me a scholarship that covers travel, hotel & conference fees!
We're accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 Leaders of Today and Tomorrow. Send emails to for more information
no if victoria wrote u in spanish or english lol!!!
I hope today is the day that austin follows. I hope he notice this tweet.
Wolfgang Puck is at Los Angeles Ballet gala w/ his feast, and "Giselle" deserves this high glory. LA has ballet!
Florida/Georgia was amazing, I haven't been sober since Thursday, however now I am regretting it.
RT The weeknd puts me in a good mood.
not gonna lie and Idk if its on your menu anymore.. but I get cravings for that cucumber gimlet :)
Couldn't be happier to have him in my life.. Truly am thankful
why Chloe, he will see this and be slightly scared! I thought he was gay tbh, is he from ex facter? Get skype!!!!
I love this guru right here! > I am voting my ass off! Love her entry!!! she has the best one hands down!
Please is all mine!Thanks and enjoy!
Chelsea v Barcelona will determine whether it will be a great day or not.
#TeamFollowBack #WillFollow everyone back after work
Like horny teenagers in the woods, this is fucking intense. (Get it? Get it?)
commiting from memory, so I don't recall.
Sorry to hear that :( hope it gets better. Best of luck to you and your sons!
You don't have to wait for New Years to create new #goals and #resolutions for yourself. Start today!
I'm not even tryna toot my own horn, but I'm a handsome ass african that you should come check out at the darkroom this Sunday!!
RT : Its your 'imperfections' that are usually your talents & gifts. Embrace them.
Kids running around EVERYWHERE!!!!!
SVU is the show.
Hearing the learner/alumni stories always make me tear up. That is why we do what we do
better stop playing with me
Only in video games.
is packing up a Virginia state stone order for Occoneechee State Park gift shop.
As if tom brady couldn't get any gayer, hes now the spokesperson for UGG's for men!!! Secret homo
fish taco *ME
And alexis is cool, guys. Way cool.
oh...and wolski's...obviously
Wish niggas had a verified symbol in real life.
"I didnt think at all-I just said yes. Thats the sort of thing you do at 21, when the world is young and its challenges all look like gifts"
I hope attendees are familiar with and initiatives have much to offer in the way of leadership
Good Morning!
Tweet Me Numbers & i'll match you with a IB or an 1D member & i'll shuffle a song !
My wife just threatened to stop shaving if I don't shave my "beard". Time to see who gives first I guess. #gameon. Your move
Grunge for life.
I was not squealing! Gay-gasping, maybe. Squealing, no.
Watching Iron Man 2 isn't like having to eat brocolli or something else nasty. Its a fun movie.
"We all need some time to ourselves" . . Ha ! I don't !( : , well maybe sometimes . x ].
I am at the Madison area builders ass. Home Show. Everyone is signing up for a free quote from Weed Man Lawn Care!
Why thank you hillbilly for telling me to have a groovy day
Pauly D is 31. And will get skin cancer at 32.
Watching the #NFL Draft?
can't wait always good seeing you all battle
Deaf to bullshit, Blind to fake shit... My life, I'll be damned if I waste it.
Cant stand a liar!
You need to revise the Character style to "Keep with Next" so it doesn't break apart from the following Parenthetical or Dialogue.
u guys are so wrong! LBJ gets crucified because time and again he passes on big moments. Then when talking he makes excuses
used today to get jenkins-based windows test automation, it works well!
I'm obsessed with vintage needlework. Especially weird stuff.
and I love that you love her so much. I hate James Taylor though. Have fun!
Mickey Hart, of the Grateful Dead, chose 's Music Therapy Dept as a MKE organization whose mission is congruent w/ his vision of MT!
Pablo PicassoNo matter how hard you hug your money, it never hugs back
that sounds naughty
#Kodac is going bankrupt?!..I wanted the polaroid glasses..; (i honestly miss polaroid terribly)
Out-of-town beat writers love to depend on lazy archetypes, saves them a lot of time and energy. Still dumb.
Seeing things pretty clear now... A lot is changing.
I don't know why Bananas in Pajamas wore old man pajamas. They were young, hip bananas with bright futures.
These are some very good headphones
I have some tiny little pepper and tomato plants on the counter. will share:)
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
Fuck it, Im on one.
why have i not seen you since you've moved here?
so excited for #glee tonight!!!!! ;) I want to see how Rachel's audition goes
Please Blog the response letter. :) I'd love to read it!
yes. MT : Okay.... It's time to make a maker space....A professional development studio. A space for unschool...Now. How?”
u better stick 2 it no junk n no 3asha!Shawty said y the hell u gonna get that when u have amazin legs!?She got a point loser
I spilled almond butter on my hoodie. MY ENTIRE WORLD IS CRUMBLING IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE.
Wrote a new Banger last nite wit the crew...truth b told something great is in the makings here...
Waiting for #oomf to tell me how i changed.
#FF We love you (and we love L-Z too, it's a space thing). xoxo!
"Always look on the bright side of life." - #MontyPython  #whistling 
Who will be at Mark Cuban's A-list party? An Entourage | Super Bowl XLV News - Sports News for Dallas, Texas
The Suns rock go Suns
Well night y'all
One security guard is back... Still nervous.
I was at my cousins baseball game and he hit a homerun then he came to home plate and blew his gf a kiss, preciouss!!!
Waiting for a client is better than them waiting for you.
Blazers Acting GM Chad Buchanan just said team may send mascot "Blaze the Trailcat" to the NBA Draft Lottery. I'm down with that.
Wednesday, I'm kicking your butt today. Get ready!
my bracket = sweet revenge beating in New Orleans in the final game.
Thanks for replying. I'm using the latest online desktop player w/the OnDemand function but it auto loops randomly during the day
Tonight on we talks w/ Ben Paul of then, panel discussion on Prop 19 failure. 6pm PT. www.thisweekin.com
RT : Was worried about identity theft, but the upside is, if someone steals my identity, I will know who to come looking for.
Wish I was on summer break. There would be nothing better than knowing I have nothing to do for 3 months.
Scott Buete and Max Ferdinand are working the Spring Break camp at Du Burns Arena today. Sagu and Mike Deasel are at FISC today.
1231 #amwriting words done for the night, and you didn't even know I was here, did you? Back tomorrow, kids! Off to enjoy some reading :)
Long night, havent gotten any sleep yet
just wanna smack a few people .... ur not worth more than that =]
“: I just wanna go to kennywood” agree
can you give a shout out to our Bengals wishing them luck on their STAAR tests? Thanks!
are me and stayin with u at george town?
Thinking about the impact of C. K Prahalad's work on design and co-creation.
Hard On Ah Nigga Blame It On My Last One!
Some people talk just to hear themselves talk, I talk To make a Valid point
link does not work sir
boo on still at work!
ONLY IF YOUR A TRUE FRIEND
Just when thought I couldn't love him or #TAL anymore, BAM! Amazing live event. #iraglass #thisamericanlife go see it Tuesday!
Mixtape is like Perfect to listen when u Boutta go Beat on a Nigga
when she's sick > 😂
Thanks! We will check it out.
Eat a protein packed breakfast. Digesting protien takes up to seven times more energy.
Sometimes, we wish we could just be paid in books.
hey guys..what are y'all plans for today and GOOD NEWS are whole group made honor roll 😊😊😊😊
Can't decide if this guy's look on the bus keeps saying to me "Yep you're attractive" or "Jesus are you staring at me again?"
I have homework for every class !!!! :(((
Today Was The 1st day Ive Ever Changed Outside Infront Of Everyone But U Kno What I Dont Care I Mean If Juice Went Everywhere U'd Do It Too
Frostbite tomorrow #excitedd #TERROROVERRISING #sosick i love the GARAGE
Hungover after karaoke awesomeness with and friends. There must be a next time sbny comrades!
Really? Lol like when your friend and his girl wanna go smewere and they invite you tlking about"It's gonna be fun!"
Why not mention the botched call at 1B that could've prolonged the inning? Way to go umpires with your human element.
We had a great family day today. lots of laughs and terrific times.
Random ass lock down while in the hall with Katie and Luis. :o
Good luck, man.
I think I've become obsessed with instagram.
Anyone want to see how bad a company FTD Flowers is? Check out their twitter timeline here: via
Getting sick :/
Today's Feature: Tuna nicoise salad w/ basil seared tuna strips, Truffled vegetables, asparagus tips, fingerling potatoes over mixed greens
Let's do a radio show today about your projects, your vision and your passion. What do you have availabl today to call in?
you beat the dream team?
Is this for real
And that was a waste of time. No good news at work either. Yikes. FML.
“: Lake Geneva, WI for the Mom's Day weekend! Chillin' with a Chilean Carmenere” Aww, my fave place to get away w/fam. Enjoy!
might not be able to make it tomorrow night- how early are you thinking?
DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY U HAVE ,THEN UR BROKE LET ME SHOW U HOW TO GET PAID 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH BUT NOT IF UR LAZY
IPhone 4/4S CASES BUY ONE...GET ONE FREE! Buffalo/Rochester direct message me for details
For now.
": Do you think "I can rap really fast" is something I could put on my resume?" Obviously
Thanks. Loved the shrubs and flowerbeds one. Really fun!
If you think the real deals get done at Davos, you're not a journalist. You've been distracted by Switzerland.
TY RT : I admired ur passage of the huge gavel weeper wanted dont' back dn only 2 yrs till dems save the world
I respect ur opinion, but mine is they shouldn't have marijuana!!! It's easy enough to stay away from it!
Congratulations to The King's Council for putting on an excellent Spring Formal tonight!
Last day to try the Alabamy Sammy- buttermilk biscuit, crispy chicken, sausage gravy, fried egg. One of Dave's absolute, absolute favorites.
u can do it bro stick to it it was hard but i did it u can too.my moms like 56 and she did it some how..
thx for a great interview today. Sorry I couldn't make this trip w/ Jeremy, but I will be in NY for Webby Awards in May.
Spent 2 hours of my workday talking to a crazy person. Super productive.
Deloris - this time they blogged greed, avarice, covetousness, and cupidity
December is traditionally a bad month for writing. It's a month of Mondays. Mondays are not good writing days - Anne Lamott
Of course!:) Thanks for finding me on here! Great meeting you.
RT : The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness. YES! Thank you!!!
I love your imagines!<3
How many times have you been on a plane in your life? 1000+?
How can someone say they love someone if they don't love themselves?
Meandering the estuaries & the uncharted islands of the stream within the continent of my heart, vigilant of both savages and savage beauty
“: Chicago. Thank you.” no, thank YOU.
also teachers ability to manage tools and students to keep track of accounts- luv when google or FB sign in helps
God is good all my college bound players will be college players in the fall. football dream was answered by the head coach 🙏
a ginger coughed on me at the gym today, you can't catch the disease right?
happy mama means happy baby. Missing you!
what time will it land?
Thank you! Have a wonderful time at college! :)
Let me find some #BewVengers down for the cause lol ... Ive got 15 minutes to kill
Lost 100k in two levels in classic nutzho fashion. Got 32k going into 800/1600.
It's actually Monday now!
$2,000,000,000 price tag for Dodgers package (team, stadium, land). When is the break even date?
Haven't used Twitter in ages. Read "eating animals" by Foer. It was so good. Perfect pre-thanksgiving book
Hey there sweet tits.
Dinner date with at white castle haha #truelove ❤
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! For those who asked, here is the article by PJ Thomas on Qualitative vs quantitative research
KEY TO SUCCESS: Encourage co-workers to connect, collaborate & engage in new collaborative work practices.
yes, I'll be around for a #sxsw meetup!
I'm smart, funny, and good-looking. Of course you miss me.
Hanging out with Adanna & Karin in my day off. Loving this time
welcome to the community. Let us know if you have any questions.
um my friend does
back to backs are great.....
nothing much..wats up with u?
obviously cigarette breath! ....we like coffee breath!
Finally learning and accepting #Evernote. I've resisted this for a while…
“: If bloggers were a color, they'd be gold. Thank your #bloggers for their support, honesty, & love of #books” AMEN xoxo
Looks like the Boston Red Sox has a sexual predator problem just like the Catholic church!
#BelieveItOrNot Quaker Steak & Lube has the Best Wings in the USA.
that wat i said! But he said that some of the girls hv friends who parents r gay.
follow back.
Sometimes I hate to be negative but its LIFE!
Lol.. Immaturity? Check.
totally cool meeting you at the expo with ! Thanks for the chat and photo! Rock it tomorrow runners!
Glad we could help! Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : Flash cab what would i do without you?
Time to train...
#thingsifrownupon Low grade weed,leen that ain't acky or hi tec,hypebeast shoe collectors,bum niggas an bitches,lousy rappers,fake people
Ray Davison brings me such joy and holiday cheer.
I wrote my name in the sand, that means I own it!
When it comes to diversity - look past gender... Culture, religion, perspectives are vastly different -
really? i had no idea :)
i need a real long vaca. ...i also need a serious nap when i get home. work 6-3.
Many complain about their appearance, and no one - on the brain.
gonna go to sleep now. Goodnight my beautiful followers <3
I think it's cus I'm always thinkin
fyi - you don't feel an earthquake when you are driving on the JFX.
I do odd things. It just happens. Not sure why. Then I over think it. I get over it soon enough. Till then....sigh.
Good Luck Cody!!
Can't wait to watch #entourage final season
just sometimes need easy things... and Smash is a vanilla pudding cup after rehearsal...
i love you UGLY! :) youll be the last to know if i died
Oh yea! 11pm and I just sat down with a nice big bowl of cereal.
he lives with us
Psalm 66:5 Come and see what God has done, his awesome deeds for mankind!
Defense finished laying out history of Butt's mental illness... DA is now refuting....
( YOU DID SO GOOD ON YOUR RAP)
I wanna go driving so bad!!! If only my dad would take me like he says he will :/
Ain't nothing wrong with that.
that was an accidental tweet. i keep subconsciously logging into this old twitter. follow my new one -
Michael....you don't know who you're toiling with, my dear!
Love doesn't fade away it finds a new home. So in other words you can't get over the person you love until you find someone else
can't blame the guys, the O's are ice skating uphill in the AL East. Their only hopes is a salary cap, or a division change.
Going to see play at The Dragonfly tonight!
Thank you for the #FF mentions!
The only part of you I wanna see is your back
"Your kiss a withered rose
Things that make you say hum.......When a family gets gov't help, it's welfare; when a business gets gov't help it's a bailout?
Do your users want hard copies of quick reference guides and books?
Couldn't agree more! RT “A person who has never owned a dog has missed a wonderful part of life.” - Bob Barker
Having an unexpected out makes the uncertainty of the future manageable.
Cause everyone looks like Jesus!! Ha!
really? I didn't know that.
#JulietAnUnPopular only has 24 likes on facebook. We need 30 to see the stats. Are there really not 6 people who will like it for me?!
I find it more annoying when people brag about not drinking or doing drugs than when people brag about doing it. But that's just me
similar to the way refs blew fouls on Wiscy Thursday, taking out in 8 minutes? Give and take! Give and take!
Was your little sister with you tonight?
I hate going to bed aggravated -__- ugh.
Getting ready for a great session on research methods at #AERA2012 some great presenters
yes, but Megan Fox was in a contact dispute, so she was replaced with a Japanese love doll. (same acting ability)
So glad you had an awesome time with your family, what you did over there was so heart touching...you're a BEAUTIFUL soul! Love u
what's fav iPad boom box app? I'm advocate of MusicMine
96% of graduates from private for-profit universities had student loans
none of you know stu the way I know stu, not you, not you, not you!!
That's a keeper!
thanks for following me Jess. Hope all is well with ya! Let's write one soon
Ok people,perspective. What happened in Norway is a tragedy, Amy Winehouse it's just sad.
Wiz brings the whole 'guys in khakis are sexy' to a whole nother level 😍😉
What I heard on the bus: "Stateville is not a brothel." Hahahahahah.
it's a multi purpose card, depending on which game you're playing i guess. kind of like her laptop doubles as a cash register.
She just realized what I was talking about. What other Macy's is there? -.- lol.
Way to go #Blackhawks! Huge overtime win!
why do you hate Catholics?
Birthday LOVE! HOORAY!
Time to change my pro pic, I've had it for like ever,(:
Three putt par your fucking kidding me
I got my man Paul George to win this dunk contest! #LetPGdunk!!!
is rocking my favorite shade of blue. I wonder what the color profile is for that shade? Is it cerulean?
He's one hit away from playing, and if on team last year, fans screaming for him to play. We just created our own Jets mess
Give George Lucas long enough, and he will make the Star Wars movies as good as H.R. Puffenstuff.
one of the best goals ive ever seen
Corey: Zimmerman must appear before a magistrate in Seminole County in the next 24 hours.
So..are you following it or not? (Oh my..I am getting really aggressive here lol )
Wow. Scary stuff right there.
Who knows places that are hiring ??
Yes! We're open on Veteran's Day - serving up our yummy breakfast from 8am - 2:45. $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas...plus 22 local beers on tap!
Last Wed in April is International Guide Dog Day giving thanks to the services Guide Dogs provide to people who are blind...
Honestly, Justin's first tweet was like. "New to twitter but anyways buy my single One Time on myspace *link goes here* " LMAO
Thanks team for searching for the digital marketing definition, even if it does masquerade as activation marketing!
me. tomorrow. At the airport and on a plane. I am asking for a blanket.
You go, girls! RT : The ever amazing will match the first $500 in donations for & !...
Fun Dip! You are bringing back great mem'ries!
that's what I thought. :(
Yes... put your phone down and get to it! Be safe, Chris!
yo like my new name and check out my new youtube
Unlike everyone else in your life, waffles never judge you.
Support our friends!
come 2 miami and visit !
I'm ready for some Hawaii. Away we go!
Folks, Champions for Children''s tonight. Who is going? We'll have updates and more. Also follow #CFC. /
Thanks Tyler!
I'm addicted to #twitter updates!
Hey Said same about Wilson when first saw him in #Badgers drills. Release is high, quick. At 5-11, every little bit helps.
Happy birthday !😊
Glad you survived, dude. Get that gas during the daylight next time!
That's great to hear! Sorry we could not be there to check you out! We'll be in PGH this Saturday, w/2 NYC singers. Come!
We have changed our delivery rates!! We now charge only $3 flat rate for all orders!!! Retweet this to help out the Munchie Express!!
Recording, Playing, Shedding, Booking, Radio Show, Teaching, Repeat...
Hi cutie ;)
Tell me what you think of my new theme, Got it today. www.thepropertylover.com tweet me your opinion
so... i sould prolly change my team name this mornin... : \
even if i did have money i still wouldnt go wtf lol
OK, it seems to have worked. It recognized my Amazon purchase. Sorry for the trouble, I think the linking to the different types of..
Hard to believe the iPad only came out 2 yrs ago.
Democrats rally, change jacksonville, Don't be fooled by lies.
Matinee show TODAY at 2pm at Broadway Comedy Club - 318 West 53rd St. Last public show for a couple of weeks. Happy New Year to all!
Anyone else hoping for a Baha Men reunion tour?
Rock out autism tonight! Come down and show support @ nutty Irishman in farmingdale!
Jennette can u reply me I loved u ever since you were in The Inside!Please reply,follow,or retweet.
I need to stop buying things from , soon my house will look like my board. Good?
Join an online community. Provide them with valuable info & establish yourself as an expert.
guess what mr. #Ijever Much more talented then YOU are.. stop the talking!
I think #twitterlessmac should get us #Starbucks because I'm having a bad day.
Great day skating around the city,sign painting and now editing some photos !
ABC gives a full season order to REVENGE and SUBURGATORY - both of my favorites! Yippee!
best dream/tweet ever.
That's a complicated question to answer. How often do you see SMS-style language on a resume?
you can tell me everything i don't want to hear because as long as it's coming from you, i'll listen.
random LA party
I know right usually Dok is waking my ass up lol
"Your a big hockey fan and the L.A sharks Are your favorite team? Wtf?" answer from your canadian question... Oh, he mad
Join on Wed, March 7 for the launch of College Links, its pre-college program at at 7pm. RSVP at
killed it tonight very impressed
Two large boxes came into my office today, two small boxes went out.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
OMG my life is over
you will get smacked real quick
Hey tweeters I'm sitting here listening to dynamite
And stuff
finishing up the set list for if you've got a request, get it in now. we're doing a bunch of originals and few covers
I just dominated family board game night by winning both Settlers of Catan and Ticket to Ride.
yay:) Jasmine tweeted me from her brothers page:)
lol you so crazy
marinated tofu in shaoshing, mirin, tamari, tangerine peel and star anise, and smoked it with cherry wood and tung ting oolong leaves
Former Anderson resident here...Only 42 & rainy here in Washington DC... Send those 60's east!
"All we hear is radio gaga"
Now Following & They are so freakin funny. FOLLOW THEM!!!!!
I advised friends to break engagement until they were actually ready and willing to get married. They did. Hope I was right...
I heard the wolf cry at the blue corn moon......
The African Students' Organization at American University has a twitter!
Alright Twitter World Goodnight!!!!!!
what kind of makeup brushes do you use??
The only pro player I have left, former Yankees farmhand Michael Gardner, has signed to pitch for the Rockland Boulders.
im very unpredictable and different so sumtimes im hard to figure out
well you might have. But since you moved to tx you've played with Alabama. And then u stole LSU from and lost wi dem
"Nice men marry dancers. Real men become dancers" ~Author Unkown~ Have a great week!! ;)
I am still painting flowers for you
EXCELLENT QUOTE!!
Ok Can't wait": girl. Love it. Wait till my show airs!! Err body will be tuned in! Move over Shonda Rhimes :)"
Bad news is you aren't here. Good news is i've thought of great new project for us to do together!
Q10 I love to make stuffed mushrooms, they are easy and always a big hit!
just horrible! what a tradition gone down for nonsense...famu band program!
whats up Soja? it seems like you dont know me no more.
Make sure to make your way to the Pittsburgh Cafe tonight for the first Slyder Night.
On our way to Houston
Maid in China.
As rain passed through, temps dropped from 67° to 60°. With some sun this afternoon we'll head towards near 80°
Ya watching the game? And ya get mad when I call him
no that is crazy.
Just upgraded and it was completely painless.
HOME. SWEET. HOME.
A happy wife is a happy life.
Why is everyone complaining? I love WestTest week.
I like your answer, m'dear. That could work for pretty much anything. :)
I read a book today. The kind that uses real paper!
thank you beautiful!
Was it Leslie Nielsen?
reasons the plumber should hurry up: I haven't showered since Mon, I wanna go to Brewed and purchase oatmeal, and I need to pee!
": "Those who say it cannot be done shouldnt interrupt the people doing it""
WHAT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME & ILL FOLLOW BACK
Power outage in my neighborhood just as I'm headed out to lunch. Yay?
YOU CAN DO IT
..I've been let down, put down, n knocked down. but, here i stand..UP..
love you too. Goodnight. Besitos 😉😚❤
Who's 21+ and trying to hit up happy hour at game works this summer?
Welcome! RT : Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.
I'm scooping up the horse poo at the #Minnesota #Zoo for my dirty job! Tune into the !
u was laughing
RT : And now is tearing it up with The Rose. #fun #spectrum12 awesome heartfelt performance
Nice app. So the UI is all SVG with ? Icons look nice. Animation smooth. Small lag when I hit play.
Thanks for the mention!
Actually it's more like the golf course was on me.
The Great Cereal Massacre on W North Ave.
I'm late but just 1day so I'm not trippin
Niall <3 it looks so good!
yes i do!
Outta work flow...
Dear, kaylee! Hi (: we don't talk :( so you should tweet me or Dm me sometime! You
They mean it literally. Google's product will actually search out your Dropbox account and delete it.
What do you do when the only one who can make you stop crying is the one who is making you cry?
Teacher pensions have become too generous as teacher unions are smarter than school boards.
Michael Owen coming to MLS looks highly likely now that he's been let go by Manchester United
Only new bills... Call me the fresh prince
attempting to sleep.
love the bracket - Omaha would welcome Mizzou and KU as 1's (wisconsin as an 8 a bonus for me) - Creighton a 4 in Nashville
Kinda' depressed. I hate being in a place where you don't know what to do...:(
Help yourself before u ask for someone's else help!
Acting out what an octopus and a shrimp would say to each other if they were friends eating lunch. Our jobs are fun!
Happy to see you back!
How do i dye my natural dark hair naturally
I've really noticed the sound quality Improvement on app's HQ mode. Turn that on, people!
I don't know. They've got to want to change their lives. You can lead a horse to water...or was it an elephant?
OK, let me beta it, will give realistic, experienced feedback.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth
yu already know what is it fam :)💙💙
Lately I have been working on a web-app that converts metric fuck-tons to Imperial measurement.
Ah, got it.
Ah, it's barely December, and the teevee is already prepping us for snOMG. Yay!
he is fuck crazy :)
Moving on is hard to do... but it's time to start taking care of myself again.
If "Death & life are in the power of the tongue..." have u thought about the death or life you've released by the words that you've spoken?
Retweet if you seen at least one of your followers NAKED.
All math and no art makes Julie a dull boy. Or something.
I've been getting bullied . And it hurts. Sometimes I feel like I'm all alone. I hate it. If I talk more about it I'll cry.
Can't sleep..working on two very large paintings..and watching the wonder years..lolololol
cause I didn't go no where
GoodMorning (Say It Back)
May have to wait til next year. Small window this year!
not sure #takeyourchildtoworkday includes 20 month old boys.
hell yea!
More heat towards the end of the week - maybe a lot more, especially east county. 70s/80s today - low 90s (at least) by Thursday.
Foo fighters were good!
I'm happy as a pig in shit
van is packed... tucson tomorrow night and then Gods Country.... oh shit
WHAT WAS THIS, A DARE?
My bad I missed your texts what's good
Awww thanks, love. I needed that.
vs Brock Lesnar in an extreme rules match. It's going to get ugly. Let's go Cena
It's still hot in #ATL, and it's Midnight
lmao girls and their obsessions with pro athletes SMH
Gettin on train so hectic
RT : A carefully bloused out t-shirt is a cry for help.
' chill bro that's my girl back the fuck off _ >_<
Wish u were here laying on top of me :-(
Twitter, I am being pulled in many directions. I want to keep writing, but we have dinner guests coming, and also Godfather 2 is on AMC.
burned 152 calories doing 19 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
no sir. U know u my dog 4 lyfe kehd.
“: Suck a dick bitch” that's my line
#gaddafi #libya Ppl should get out of the house and clean up.
I'm having a very slow day, making up for a busy, late yesterday, getting ready for same tomorrow.
Just want to give a special birthday shout out to & . Enjoy your day girls ♥
When and sing to me<<<
And she has a really compelling first tweet.
sorry to hear that hang in there
im so sorry bc ALL mine alive even my favorite one
Guys don't make passes at girls who wear glasses.
Time for our little ones to suit up again. Our weekly SUN #basketball league tournament is about to start, 4-6pm at SEI - check them out!
I'm making chicken soup, hub made a big fire. hooked rug covering legs. Spring done unsprung. it's chilly here!
Sigh. Why is this even being discussed?
will you be my girlfriend
We're in!
TDM! Leveled up Assault Medic last night in TDM and now I'm ready to try Rush again :)
Dear nsa kids,which one of you is hooking me up with a graduation ticket?
If I didn't have my daughter, I could totally be one of those people that could be missing for weeks before anyone would notice.
Fantastic time at #WGBiz event last night w/ and rockstar
Any aspiring comedians out there? We hear gets wild with Monday Open Mic night, bring your game
Genius!!!!!! I love entrepreneurship!
What luck for rulers, that men do not think.
is told she has a dirty mind but appears all sweet and innocent
I like many things, including this. Sometimes that.
IT IS AWESOME! “: Improv as a metaphor for developing a PLN or PLC - Friends Baltimore #plpnetwork”
Great Skin Tip - Colorful summer fruit are loaded with antioxidants. Load up on any from the berry family for vibrant skin!
i wonder how long ima be limping around for
My beloved aunt died two and a half or three years ago and I remember them delivering her ashes in a tote bag from the f.h.
Tonight Jazz/Funk @ 8pm with Bryan...It's gonna be Wild!!
"I've never been shut down so many times in one night."
Which chavez??? RT : CHAVEZ Goes DEEP!!!!
gets 4! Great year for both leagues!
Thanks! They are also spending Xmas with us in Miami.
There is possibly no better feeling than sleeping on your own bed and eating a home-cooked meal
's 'fortune' album comes out soon WOOP:D
Gonna hop in the shower.
#SoConfused is right! ... Also strange is that we know what's going to be sold at Macy's, H&M, and Saks in the future. Trippy.
Dude. Great #skeptictank podcast with Steve Simeone. Really.
Looking forward to Black Thought 2.0 Conference tomorrow. Catching up on what I missed tonight thanks to twitter!
#FREE 1 Hour Group #Fitness Training today at our SOUTH location (1785 S 8th Street) at 11:30am - limited to first 8 (for members only).
Las Vegas, NV check out www.badsuerecords.com for more info
Darvish 91-95 mph FB, also slider, a couple of different curveballs and a split.
presenting at #CUE?
Im sure you are!! We need to get together soon!
freakin hysterical photo! Did you sample to fried gluten? Where was that?
It makes my panties wet when Taylor calls me daddy.
Great job!
“: #Chicago sports...thanks for the make-good. 4 games, 4 wins. #Cubs #Sox #Bulls #Hawks #Perfection”
oh dear Sam is going to jinks us!!
Looking forward to todays social media 101 panel at #uifall11 in #lax!
morning! It's on Fridays @ 11 am typically focuses on legal tech, social media BUT I want to branch out to more law related...
Never let anyone tell you that you cannot do something. If you believe and you try, you can do anything.
that is very for someone Angela's age. I ran the mile and two mile in track--ran the half mile occasionally too.
We are looking for a photographer for a shoot as well as for shows. We're interested in working with you. Follow
Would've been happier if trade up was for Cam Jordan or #Browns sat at 27 and took Carimi or Heyward. Jordan&Heyward more versatile in 4-3.
Happy Friday! Who's looking forward to working out this weekend?!
Crazy I still have feelings for you and we've never met
A nosebleed is a really crappy way to wakeup.
Go Pacers!!
GRIND HARD MEANS LATE NIGHTS .... LOOKING FO MUA'S, CLOTHING DESIGNERS, BODYPAINTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS TO WORK WITH #DIRECT MESSAGE ME ASAP
Wife wanted to see Hungarian gypsy band so we traveled 120 miles to a 60 and over Russian New Year dinner.
Michael was able to do it :/
After track is over I'm hittin' that weight room hard beefin' up ! lol I can't go home lookin' like a "T" in my t-shirt ! LOL !
Social Media Campaign for Payday Loan Company Starts for USA ...
If you click on a pin then it'll take you to another page that shows the website where the item came from.
tell i said thats a lovely pic and i want some food send me some
Apr 4-6, 1932: Churchill was guest of King at Windsor Castle.
does this mean ill be seeing you at least twice a week from here on out? :)
Hawaii?! You lucky duck. Alright, sounds fantastic, have a fantastic time! PS- I'm so excited for haha
well done
no, just took a break. But im back!
Happy Earth Day! Try our Eco-Friendly soft waterbased inks.
Follow us on vimeo and we will follow you back! Vimeo.com/shadowleft
“: Getting ready for #cfblockparty one word Dubstep”// Excuse me while I scream..... #dubstep ❤
I've texted "oh shit" to my buddy like30 times tonight.
Transfixiated with our new son.
Hold up, will this dispel any rumors that Jack White and Johnny Depp are the same guy, or add fuel to the fire?
with this many runoffs pending (and them being late, in July this year) surprised I haven't heard more grumbling about 40% threshold
OK Game over. Chest palpitations easing :) Time to get my Cinco de Mayo game on...
S/o to ppl wit the name anisa: whether it's first or middle name no matter how it's spelled.
website has been submitted to GIS Directory on GIS Extensions Market
Glad to see I'm not the only one sweating
Praying for after the fire this morning. Just glad that no one was hurt!
I was born in Atlanta & calling your boss "Babe" on ANY day is not SOUTHERN. Seriously??? No one does that!!
Finally free from the Hunger Games. Finished book 3. Now I can get on with my life.
thanks Vicki! Love your profile picture! Must be interesting to be a radio host!
Got a lot done today, but still did not get my book order done. Sigh.
That's it, folks! If you are a #foodtruck and want to participate you will have to set up a booth. All food truck spots are FULL!
“: This fool is quoting the bible after he killed someone #AskScandal #Scandal” true politician
It's good to be alive. Good morning Twitter!!
thanks for the stalk lol
Much needed quality time with to be had today! And chocolate will be involved, at least for me.
We may have a designated Happy Hour, but really, isn't every hour here a Happy Hour? #ATXSushi #HappyHour 5-7
The devotion of thought to an honest achievement makes the achievement possible. - Mary Baker Eddy
I really don't like wearing shorts but I'm tired of being hot in this heat
Interesting approach to the #social work environment - new feature Workspaces that uses Live Feeds. Works with #iPad too.
hell yea it is.
Kona Brewing Co. (HawaiiNewsNow) - If you 're a beer drinker, specifically Longboard drinker, you 'll want to watch this! Kona Brewing Co
wish I could watch it
once the burner is fixed who else wants a cd besides
do you want money or power?
Then those are followers who don't matter. That's my opinion, anyway. I'll shut up now.
you guys ever pick up or is he still chillin with the truck drivers?
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail some of these are hysterical. "About as long as Favres first retirement" lmao!
aw u can kiss on me anytime lolx2 :-p
Thank you !
Go with your gut.
This bank person is sps stupid go work at a fast food place if u wanna be this stupid
needs to finish packing his camping equipment in time for his 0530 taxi tomorrow to fly off to Boston, then to #FRFF in the Berkshires.
So now a good day has turned awkward....
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
And closes with the story of my life
Just nominated and for the i date awards... Good luck guy's...
Can't have my love any more
I love my family and friends there the only people I need on valentines day
The woman next to me at this coffee shop is freaking out about telling her parents she's dating a guy who's not rich. :/
I'll leave that to your sweetheart “ My ass is often worshipped. You can kiss it if you want.”
The last time I saw a face like yours I threw it a banana.
let's make it a goal for this year :D that'd be so great.
ATTN: hair styling producers, stay away from Chicago for your own good. You cannot beat Chicago wind!
Where's my bus?
- Little Caesar's on Goshen is now open, and it is oh so good.
that is a good one...
Agreed. Need a another source or two. I know we r supposed to attribute the sources but do we need a works cited pg?
Good morning!!(:(: Last #INDOOR competition for the season!! We gon go kill it!!(:(: <3 you all!!
My boyfriend snuck into my apartment while I was in SAL to leave me flowers for my birthday!
i left it ova my homeboi house
thanks!! Merry Christmas to You to! Thanks For everything :)
My yogurt has a warning on it "protect wildlife crush cup before disposal". i prefer "dont eat yogurt in the fucking woods".
Back to studying for ISSAP
Vengeance for that 1987 Game 7 championship game against the Sidekicks?
Zombies? Beach? 80s v. 90s? What is the most creative theme party you've ever hosted or attended?
At which you point, you became the babysitter, ? :)
I get around - TUPAC
Facebook became boring, & the layout is so different & confusing now. I also get overwhelmed from time to time & need a break. :)
will you discuss why obamacare is bad for country but good for Mass?
Don't say that too loudly; Pat McDonogh may have a heart attack.
Hey my tits are bouncing on the bus and I have the body of a middle aged lesbian so if anyone wants to get at this holla.
is online... Hi Harry!
#loweshatesmuslims you make me sick
Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
count me in that group as well... though last week it was super glue, not sauce.
"let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen..." No Marshall, let's not.
good appointment. Only failures in an England shirt. Can relate. And will motivate. But feel free to hate him. Free country!
I just took 2 shots of NyQuil!! I'm ready to party!!!!!!!!!!
Woot stop in we are tweeting in as well RT : tweeting from Sweet Home Chicago!
Hard work is a two way street... U get back exactly wat u put in...
I feel so sick right now
heading to boston python meetup tonite, topic:
why isn't he in pajamas ???
Waiting for the delivery
that's it! Great food, wine, and views
Want your tracks played? Email us @ #TrackRekahz!!!!
You don't think exorcism is seen as weird? Because it is, "standard doctrine" or not.
Goodness! Poor Bates.
For context, I meant why am I wearing pants as opposed to shorts or a skirt. It's 80 deg in chgo rite now
BORED LIKE HELL plz talk to me people
Search well and be wise, nor believe that self-willed pride will ever be better than good counsel. - Aeschylus
Thanks for input. I really appreciate it.
are you listening to Brandon's radio show now?
too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, & too determined to be defeated! #NYR ;)
congrats on the article! you should be in show business, kid.
Exciting, spanking new news! Our feature film "The Exquisite Corpse Project" will be premiering in Hollywood at Dance With Films this May!!
homework on a sunday night...feels like I stepped back into a time machine to the good old days of
I agree except for the pill moment...
All of our various programs at our center are designed to build community.
i miss you. skype?
Dear Cincinnati, please learn how to drive in the rain. Love, Cincinnati.
Men are so slow *sigh
I PASSED YOUR HOUSE
Jan compared Mendeley to iTunes for functionality and then aggregated for collaboration.
IIm so glad...Jesus is Lord and we are NOT!
Portland pop-punk..?
lol is the homie Bryant still an A's fan? Or did he sell out like everyone else and join the Giants?
Love the outdoor furniture. So chic!
That site is HILARIOUS!!!!
Shampooing all my carpets...now I remember why I liked hardwood floors
At least it was Ervin Santana's own wild pitch that kept him from throwing a SCORELSS NO-HITTER. Pretty unique I must say.
Great day curbside today -- actually sold right off the table plus some action inside, too. Still need some food vendors -- cheap rates!
Quick and easy graphics, banners, you name it: Create in PowerPoint, "Save as" .jpg Who knew?
This Q&A was so active that it had to be cut off. How often does that happen! Pls feel free to send ?s, I'm doing dinner w/ Lyon & can ask
Can you like not do that
No offense to Beastie Boys fans but they joined Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before Rush? Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is now officially a JOKE
Thanks for the follow. Great organization!
Rivera is a clown, but we do need a TSA in the airports that actually works, and isn't just corrupt national security kabuki.
Great day for open house -sunshine, mostly clear skies, not much wind.
Me too! I changed my password hopefully that stops it.
BOOM! SO COOL!
Main thought? Chase picked a terrific market to deliver media about #innovation. Watch this space!
Be the girl you’d want your daughter to be. Be the girl you’d want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
what sort of "education"? RT : starting a technology focused NGO to help fight poverty & foster education in
go hewitt!
So I guess you won't "say 'cheese'"...RT Am currently so excited for the new imaging technology, I'm fasting.
In the U.S., there is, on average, three sex change operations per day.
12 year olds posting things like "I miss the good old days!"
How was everyone's Christmas?!! We are open regular hours today! Come by and keep the holiday cheer flowing!
"Every time you move forward in a society, there's a backlash to return to the status quo" - Jackson Katz
supports breast cancer eat this titties from the inside
im feeling so sexy tonite.
hey Ash! regarding CLA vitamins, they do help you lose fat but they might also raise your cholesterol. discuss w your doctor!
You know the woman wants her cowboy, like he wants his rodeo.
who wanna text , [ off my ipod ] RETWEET
I LOVE this Texas heat! Although it's too hot to really enjoy it but the few moments on our front porch is just enough for me:))
Can we get some free ones for suffering thru the Matt Killcullen and Ken McDonald eras?
I already miss reading postsecret with you.
Even if you don't have a Tumblr, you can still submit your soupy beard pics! Just email them to and include caption!
People thinking I'm being beat because of all these large ass bruises -.-
Avengers midnight showing!
Of course, as always: dames get sick during rehearsals, I get sick as soon as the show opens!!! Wah wah.
isn't it?! That one will stay with me always.. :)
It's going to be like a train wreck- you don't want to watch but you can't turn away.
Sure but is O planning Swift Boat-level attack on Bain? And you don't think it wld b undermined if O supporters trashed it?
Ur so sweet thanking all the fans in different countries <3
good one still a top 3 team in baseball easily
Writers, do you find it hard when creating new characters to not pull a little from people you know or even from parts of yourself?
Girl in my class gave me a whole thing of sour patch. NOM(:
When he smiles we smile! :)
English language learning via cell phone now available in #Tunisia! subscribers compose *136# to access Najja7ni free!
Why is it so cold.
Due to drought, there's a local ban on 4th of July fireworks. Oh, but how they underestimate a Mexican's determination to blow some shit up.
#TEDXsd11 was so good I just now stopped thinking about it long enough to tweet.
Listen in today at 11am at kcrlive.com! Topic of discussion: the good, the bad, the UGLY, breakups. You tweet, we discuss. #GetBlunted w us
At the 1st show of in NYC with this screening hosted by A great opening wkend begins!
I loved it tonight
My rule is to pick the kind with a cork in it.
My dog needs to chill the fuck out!!
sorry, may the Mavs fester in their own stool while being lashed by razor wire.
which video u uploading
Follow me for discounts on auto repair, oil changes in Oklahoma city. We come to your for a change
Kim Kardashian should star in the whore next door
boy u look good wont u back that ass UP, u a fine mofo wont u back that ass UP, call me big mama wont u back dat ass UP
Looking dance jobs in EU Star Now Article 19, Dance Europe, Dancers Pro, Foundation for Community Dance, London Dance://t.co/pbwaEFo6
Gee - all of his books are about situated learning. Games happen to be a good way to do that but are one approach only.
just saw Taken last night. Liam Neeson is a freakin' superhero.
I agree. I'm not a huge dairy consumer. A greek yogurt here and there. But the inflammation response is no good. So I stay clear.
Gift of Lights at the LV Motor Speedway, thru Jan 2. $10 specials M - W with clothing donation to Goodwill. See www.giftoflights.com
insane money...he needs to sign w/ a team fast so if he does pick Broncos they can bring back B.Lloyd
started a new blog about "life's crossroads" or journey www.crossroads33.blogspot.com
Anyone know the breakdown of % of Male vs Female coaches in Womens basketball at the College level? Just curious
yes I will! What about you?
you are a mean little girl
Interview number two is at two this afternoon.
In Walla Walla for Fall Release ! looking forward to a great weekend!
Pinterest provides inspiration
Gosh darn it... I just bought this... 2 pay... the Wind Blue it Off! :o
There is a gentleman in this restaurant that entered the World Whistling Competition and is now giving a demonstration. I'm impressed.
So these fucking retards infront of me are over here talking about how they do drugs -.- bitch nigga. You're 15 enjoy life don't fuck it up.
all TALENTED individuals u are welcome,"GET IN WHERE U FIT IN!" A 100% ENT. Are u model MATERIAL? ladies can u chew gum & walk a str8 line?
Babe Ruth once ate 24 hot dogs between games of a doubleheader.
ah or have u been RAPED??? Did ur girl rape ya???!!! Lmfao ;D
Want to win a solo ride w/ ? Enter the Ride with Lance Sweepstakes today at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
When you can't stop think about this person, it's love ♥
Show us a pic of your "Monday Face"!
To me, Ryan Hollins getting playing time is a bigger story than the Celtics winning the series.
Many thanks for the RT!
It must be her luscious hair.
(And I *might* be eating them for breakfast today…a vegan cookie is practically a granola bar, right?)
tweeting u got me retweeted, I feel so used....thanks Maxx, and those that tweeted me!
ew good job
Just #Murdered that Geology exam
Have a book, author, or product you want to showcase? Affordable pricing. Email us a synopsis at .
The team is finishing up Mercedes Benz Fashion Week in NYC! So many great shows covered check them out at project-captured.com!
Geo Bellas: preserving e-data for trial in 21st century: think ESI, usu accompanied by metadata. Documents do not exist
Looks like it's not going to be a quiet Rosh Hoshanah this year. It was nice while it lasted. Shalom Alechaim! Yehi Ratson
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Facebook IPO. He'll take credit for it anyhow.
Hit up the Boom Boom Room tonight for 3 4 1 Miller tappers!
About to watch American reunion with my sister and Sean! Lololol making my last night in TX great :]
Has there ever been PG as good as Rondo who's as bad at FTs?
RT : nope only one class and it was canceled...and no work ah feels good lol-- ah u lucky... Get to slp in
The Philadelphia Eagles have tabbed Juan Castillo, the team's offensive line coach for the last 13 years, to be their defensive coordinator.
I miss my best friend
i don't collect no more all I got is Chicago 10s
see thats all i want! :D All my problems r solved
#Resnick, Blasphemy. 5 SFF short stories & 2 novelettes 1982-1999 explore religion & the nature of evil. Ultimately not very interesting.
Thought playing thriller during set break would be appropo
two adaptations in Tulsa, Providence at a uni in Montana, my first play Guernica at a uni in Illinois
Ready for bamboozle !!! New shirts
come to one of Brake Specialists Plus' 13 locations for your oil change! (512) 795-4066
we got 9 scores recorded for you (3eacz)
