articles or 's tweets?? So torn on what to procrastinate with right now.
My ex bf/love always get mad at someone, take it out on me then call me phony
I hate when people tel u they love n miss u bt they write n the nxt nigga or hoe face n teln them the same dam thing!!?
It be awesome, lol!
Oh we mean it! #wholelattelove back at ya :)
#random.... is it true what they say, if you don't believe in you no one else probably will either.
yea i still have all the stuff and it hasnt even been a month yet...im just gonna swap them tom. thanks!
Munching on a bit of #moonfruit as I shorten my digital cv.
Congratulations on breaking 2 world records. Thank u for ur hearts to raise awareness about
Artist Dee Lucas will be performing tomorrow from 7:00PM to 10:00PM.
is cool
Didn't go to school today. Was only going for 2.5 Hours. Hopefully can come to town.
Tell someone you know about We appreciate the occasional
PayPal Now Processing $315 Million In Payments Per Day
me going natural.. sorry that was pretty incoherent.
It looks like the San Fran Giants are trying to make it to the wildcard...they will fizzle...just like every other year!!
morning alex (:
Miss you and can't wait to see you later today!
tired as shittt.
"If you Believe, it will Happen."
Julie Browman is super hot and that is all there is to it.
I'm going to my cousin's house because she just graduated.
I'm tired, yet my brain won't hush up. I just want to sleep!
all waiting since last march? Why add jobs when there is no demand?
Spurs starters: Patrick Mills, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you guys are already basically family!!!
Follow the leaders
We play at The Lincoln Theater tonight 9pm, for "One Night Only" event, with Dave Powers, Nick Tolford &Company, Colin Lazarski, and more!
My headache is so intense right now, that punching my head off would be the only way to get rid of the throbbing, I think.
Me 2! I'm on black bean burger RT : I'm like a kid - only crave certain things & eat all the time until I'm sick of it
Happy mothers day ladies!
Wow, she really does look beautiful.
Today is my last day here in Miami :) Goodbye!!! You'll always be my first love but here I come
How stoned was Ben Stiller when he taped that spot?
The happiness of any society begins with the well being of the families that live in it.
I just need to get through today and then I have a day off.
You will probably never see this, but thanks for everything you have taught me <3
Penn vs Diaz!!!
if you dont stop it ill defenestrate you.
ATTENTION UCF!!! BookHolders is currently at University of Central Florida!! Thats RIGHT come sell your books back to us for $$$$
Not feeling the KICK anymore from your preworkout supplement? Time to take a break and try a new stimulant, or go awhile with none at all.
..eyes on you eyes on me :D :) cielbert
I hate how you just volunteer me to do shit!
Tim Tebow and Katy Perry? Say what!!!!
Blue Raspberry was the favorite tonight. Almost everyone ordered it! M
follow us
love you lots :)x
Pacific Beach Surf Report: 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS
thank you for being our 600th follower
Insecure leaders breed mistrust. Leaders secure in Christ's love empower seething confidence in their team.
The touchscreen on my phone died on Wednesday, gotta get a new phone...
Decided not go to the haunted hotel since it's like 15 bucks for a 2 min thing... Yard House for drinks and kbbq tacos was definitley better
Thanks Free Fun in Austin!
I'll run all over you
Angelina: Kids Still Asking Us About Wedding - Entertainment Tonight News
i have 2 first generation that are not assembled. Mix N Match working parts to complete One. Any interest? DM offer.
not for Briana but for us yes! lol I may actually be in New Orleans next weekend so might have to visit you on the job lol
we are giddy here at We're sizzling up your Veggie Chips tonight. Looking forward to a successful & Yummy party.
truck pole for kevin harvick, but 2nd for cup race it ok let get the win lets go harvick you can do it!
Learn more about #fostercare and #adoption at today's Change Who Waits rally at Grove Baptist Church! It starts at 10am. Bring a friend!
#20ThingsAboutMe 17. I'm not athletic.
Join us Monday at 9pm ET for #InternPro's "I'm graduating… now what?!" chat with
I feel loved by
Its amazing what good management can do!
resistance is futile, scrum is the answer
Eating grits & watching Pretty Women after an amazing night out with . Love Pretty Women. Julia Roberts is the original Ginger.
holding strong on the quad - DAY 1 of the #Bradley encampment -
sure don't
because then that would make life to easy. But wouldn't it be great -____-
Happy birthday Octavia Butler! The science fiction African-American author was born today in 1957, in Pasadena, CA.
What is ure "go-to" meal to make that is inexpensive to but goes a long way?
Not sure I'm worth following. My tweets: Chicago stuff, ancient Greek, lotsa baseball. Been resisting having multiple accounts.
GIVE THANKS, and let us move on
Changed my icon.
Finally got my lazy ass up!! :)
Driving range
Bad ass! Segal is pretty much my 80's hero.
Mhmm. Babe I miss you.
i love big cameras, they look so classy on a picture !
Thanks Peggy! Great to see you here ;). Look forward to your next health session on Monday. Blessings, Kerry
Lol true true, they don't know what's really good.
Everything that happens to me is my choices and decisions. So I cant blame nobody!
Truth is I'm alone in this city
Whats a bunk note
if u havent become a fan of my music page yet. i have one question. why do u hate good music!!! lol
LIKE! RT : Today is #WorldAIDSDay! We're giving 10% of all proceeds to ! Pls RT!
Logging footage in real time. Fuck yeah
Is trying to make gingerbread muffins. Sadly, they don't look like "one big chewy corner." Darn.
RT : For Everybody That Want Good Camera Work Hit Up Nice Work.
what time y'all gonna be here Thursday
Don't think I could make it through each day without my forgiving savior.
Let friendship creep gently to a height; if it rush to it, it may soon run itself out of breath. Thomas Fuller
I deserve what I seek. I am the King's kid.
Reminder: Staff Meeting at 6pm Friday 4/16. Hope you can make it! Email Amada for more info.
I'm not sick but today i don't feel good
you're being too modest! Boast a little bit, girl!
Probably will go- maybe night out together
they are sending me a schedule for what time to be there & it's on the 19th. it's an all day thing so keep the whole day open !!
Is the #Abarth a collectible item? The team at thinks it could be a collector's target down the road.
HAHA I didn't even see it I swear! Great minds thinking alike is all!
The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade is Scheduled For January 16, 2010 In Downtown-Houston Originating @ City Hall And Will Begin @ 12:00 PM
it is i hate the cold wbu do u like or hate it? <3333
you gotta love Florida weather! NOT
Do I ever cross your mind... anytime? Do you ever wake up reaching out for me?
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
good meeting you tonight at the event!
President Obama has just touched down in El Paso, TX.
Big things are brewing and on top of that its beautiful out!
Be sure your vehicle is ready for the holiday travel. We'll check and top off your vehicle's fluids with our premium service oil change.
Making homemade pizza and drinking wine- hello weekend!
DeMaio asks to respond to FIlner's Convention Center statement. He reiterates his position on the CC.
im glad i made you laugh :)
Parents are our primary teachers in preparation for marriage. The quality of their training directly impacts our success or failure..
cliff lee throws about 10 pictches for every Hughes throws
of course!!
its hard to see the one you love walk away into thin air
Now officially done with class for 2 weeks! Now onto #fishing!
like the far side cartoon with a dog bark translator. turns out all dogs are saying "hey! hey! hey! hey!"
I don't care what all those iPhone haters say! My iPhone 4 is the bomb!!!! I lovee my my new iPhone!!!
I did it. I finally beat Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. 61 hours. So many side quests. No more RPGs now for a while. Oh man.
Jus cut the check bro >>RT : Been on hold with the IRS for 43:12
We're in the top of the sixth inning. No outs, no runners on base.
": When I get older, I want to be like Louis.I want to still have an incredible sense of humour and be forever young inside."
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Showing today in the Diversity Film Festival: "Our Spirits Don't Speak English: Indian Boarding School" 5 p.m. SLIS Commons
nice work girl... diggin your tracks... would luv to catch a show...
check home page.."Spring's'NEW Hue, AQUAMARINE" great accessories that inspire
Wishing and were working with me tonight!
then shes two faced about that too,fause she called marissa a bitch for not putting her name on the cake.
thanks ladies!
The mall is spooky in the morning.
Kossuth~ The unspoken word never does harm.
Susan Gibbons of URochester at panel on Millennial Gen grad students says grad students want print on demand - YES!
www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc enjoy some mixes
hows your day going?
I really don't want Boston to win, but they're the only team in the East that can beat Miami. So yeah.
a pleasure meeting you too!
You're welcome! And Yes of course!!!
Somebody put the Knicks out of their misery. Please. Oh, wait. The Heat are already doing that
OMFG NO WAY!!!! Thats literally my dream. I'm crying omg mother knows you!!!
Axford is starting to look more and more like a lighter haired version of the Captain Morgan guy! Nice save
Also - I randomly ran into today, it's always cool to see her. You're such a small town, Seattle.
Or you're just bad at math.
I would like to chat with you about site. It could be cool to have you as guest. Talk about the industry in ur area.
well i dont have them, there at bikestyles lol
I love !
Shoutout to Follow her, she promos daily!
Im humble to the heart
I'm definitely inquiring. he's just having none of it.
Oh well #Nuggets you gave it your all, and that's all that counts!
“The future is here. It’s just not evenly distributed.” William Gibson
Don't forget about TC's chopper in Magnum P.I.
This green is good.
At #ATT texting rates, sending a CD worth of data would cost you $97,500
I think profit will kill ms. fit though
Y'all tweet me I'll reply!
Thanks so much for the encouragement! Hope you have a lovely evening :))
We love these kinds of messages!: "RISD gave me everything I needed to pursue my dream. I am so grateful for that!" -Marisa Murrow IL '00
#ThingsIDislike Rude customer service Reps!
Are you stuck in your business and can't determine why?
It's amazing someone your age covering such legendary artist. I'm going to send you a DM.
you could be right.
Am hoping they didn't fine-tune it due to checking out my split ends upon check-in. Love freebies!
$20 off any hair service today. *new clients only.
you look alot younger. lol, but i feel old just cause i have a daughter thats old lol...it gets to me sometimes. haha
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky
We're generally wowed by anything cake-related. ;)
what??? Since last time???
OK one more batch to go and roasting day will be complete. Smelling good up in here :)
goldust can still get down!! It would create a great and very cliche brother rivalry.. One we haven't seen in a while.
RT : You know how we know there's no injuries of any kind on his person, The officers AREN'T wearing surgical gloves!
John Griffith addressing lunch attendees. Mentioned importance of community partnering together to
I've "known" Josh on twitter for a while i suppose. Besides you, he's the only other Phish fanatic i follow
Essien is a shadow of the player he was
So far no higher-ups have tried to influence reporting on the mayor's race. Every word has been my own (aside from minor edits).
Only 16 performances left to see LOMBARDI on Broadway!
So excited for my friends Gelisa & Arthur! Love is eternal
That awkward moment when its 8:28 and I STILL haven't got a text from ..... the world is ending for sure...
They've installed traffic lights in a nearby rotary. If you install traffic lights in a rotary, it is no longer a rotary.
Also love for shows at
stop who's is it really?
Six essential qualities that are the key to success Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
1/2 Tumaini Publishing very own Author & Actress J Marie Cooper, will be one of the Power Speakers and Presenter for the Power Cluster 2011,
What's this Facebook Student Friend? You want to tag yourself in landscape photos of ABQ? No... that's ridic.
Oh dear. Maybe after 92.
When you think of me, what's the first word that comes to your mind: cranky or really not bad
can I get some retweet luv from all the baddest chicks!!!
let them have there time together while they can :p
I do it because I'm on the job hunt right now. There's nothing bad out there, but just to check
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
I hate when guys call a girl hot or sexy, that's what you call a slut not the BEAUTIFUL women you're in love with.
I'm at Pearl Harbor and I'm just thinking about you and how #American you are!
What game are you most looking forward too for this weekend?
If Larry Bird steps down as GM Herbie better get on the phone & bring Donnie Walsh back. Hes outta NY after this year
Lots of balls being dropped today on
I can be your best friend, good person, enemy or worst nightmare, it all depends on how you treat me.
Excellent! Good luck.
make a plan, work your plan. most of us don't plan to fail, we simply fail to plan.
gi joe and spiderman are the only ones I wanna see.
I certainly hope so! you sound like me...
Sang a song in front of an audience without nerves, and even sang the right words(;
and we are in the mix for some 5 star guys in 2013. I'm liking it.
Please everyone, continue to #FF for us because we still have this stupid twitter follow limit! >:/ We will of course return the favor<3
Be yourself. People may or may not like you, but it's important that you stay true to who you are.
it's okay. :) I'll see you tomorrow.
I Look A Hot M E S S And I D G A F *Shrugs*
I wanna nap, but it's SO pretty outside ☀☺
rest in peace dolla why is it fucked i see niggaz jump on his dick when he passes check out miseducation of dolla bill
Turn out to be the ones you know the least
Have a wonderful day lovelies x. :D
Oh and....raise that jolly roger
Dear , follow because he is the future love of my life. Feel free to show him how awesome I am. <3 your sissy
Bet my ducks peepin away missin his pops..
I think homeopathy is great... but I wouldn't rely on it cure cancer.
Buying phone covers as if they're clothes for my phone
RT : Redskins officially re-signed RB Tim Hightower to a one-year deal.
What's new, bro?
Day 2, on the set of "CRACKERJACK" the movie. is a pro actress.
Orioles in First place!
Did you find 20% off coupon ? Log in to Twitter account, go to home tab, look under direct messages..
Up and AT it!!!! On my way to do this 5 mile walk and it's cold 😖😖😖
Thank God my friend was found. She tried to go to VA to see this guy she was supposedly seeing. ugh i don't know what to do with this girl!.
is a loser and shady!
POTUS has done a lot for gay rights, but he can't truly say he endorses full equality until he endorses marriage equality.
Cabby!!! Home run
Happy Holy Zombie Day!
S/0 2 ....thru all the goods, bads, ups, downs, rights and lefts....She'll still be a good friend 2 u....
We miss you and Wilmy to!!! :(
Confident that Lori's Diner, SFO, is the best airport restaurant America has to offer.
#NativeAmericans are getting their due from 2012 LA SKINS FEST
I will come over to your house just to use the toilet.
i couldn't agree more, hear is 2 the sweet spot!
#FF our new followers Thanks everyone!
It's so hot in ny!!!
thanks for the article!
A Indy racecar?! RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for this Tuesday. What's the best thing that you think an IndyCar fan could win?
Can some one PLEASE come with me to the SAT tomorrow !!!!
{ YOU NEED YO LIL ASS WHIPPED YOU SMELLING YOUR SELF AGE DON'T MAKE YOU GROWN PAYING BILLS DOES
Yelp would be a great site if it weren't for all the Yelpers
He has to go pee like every hour, and im pretty sure the kid is awake playing in her room hahaha
is a fragment after a comma.
I can't find my geometry book! Oh my god.
staying w/ my sister & my gorgeous niece tonight ;)
You betcha. Just flipped. The student becomes the teacher :)
I'm over halfway through Mockingjay and really want to put it down. I'm so discouraged. Does it get better? with Peeta?
lmao on me trell stayed home to
Wondering whether these Nikes might not be safe to wear either. No, wait, I'm white. No problem.
When I wear my old KROQ Inland Invasion girlie tee w/ cut-off sleeves, it means serious housecleaning is about to transpire.
What's everyone doin?
Yes live United States the better country for life
The Barefoot Contessa just gets me
Sup tweeters?! Check out our cover of "Sunshine of your love" by Cream. Dig that sh!t
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
i dont like my siblings either they are so annoying like my big sis is boy crazy and then my lil sis has an attitude
+1 RT : My sinuses are going to implode. Go away thunderstorm!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty, and truth." ~Albert Einstein
Im so going away for college decision made no one can change my mind
Follow Naked Like Adam on Twitter
hey sister in law
how is Maggie doing? Hope things are improving...
Well, no--I know the ghostwriter.
Out.. Standard sht spot. Pretty bummed. Gl to rest of the hsplo guys
you welcome !!!
Adele for drive home with big brother!
Doing a mental refresh! ;)
hockey update?
I could drink that in one weekend. lol!
okay I'm addicted to these new chicken bites from Checkers. Actually I don't know if they are new but I don't care...yum!
GOT 2 MIXTAPES DROPPING THIS WEEK
is it new??
Now thats a big ass party!!!!
It's completely acceptable at the age of 27 to sleep till noon and then have Oreos for breakfast, right?
so, hey, well, i'm back to being moosecaca.. c;
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me
you can, but it's like using a double negative. You just don't not do it.
That vid for the phantom on Emery Highway looks awesome. Can't wait to read Sunday's piece.
sick puppies always are given pity.
Congrats Class of 2012! "Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles" Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
i guess i'll wait for the cool greys!
Some fool just put his hand on my arm as I went by, in a sad attempt 2 hit on me. I let him hear it! #KeepYourHandsToYourself :)
I don't like it when someone puts my "" in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not. Not cool.
Free parking for guests @ Comfort Inn Vancouver, WA. Watch fireworks @ Fort Vancouver. Book @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Riding the bus home<<<<
The chef in u should be smacking yourself for that :) RT: : Idk why white castle fries sound so good right now....
Hey Girl! Hugs!
hah i know she's hatin on us
RT : i don't ask for much.
thank much for retweeting.
But I was totally ready and had my homework and everything, so I'm a responsible person.
Let me cut through the BS of Jobs' presser: Free cases for iP4 owners, cause, you know, we effed up... But you're still holding it wrong.
it's a surprise, but I promise I'll bring something incredible to the Taste of the Nation gala this year!
Please keep Mike O'Connell in your prayers. As we learn more we will share.
sounds good to me :)
Always Strive And Prosper
The #Andersonville guy & his adoring bandana dog @ Starbucks. While waiting for coffee, surprises dog from other door w/string cheese snack.
are you talking bout me? :'(
agreed! echo park seems like a good option
Calling all X cocaine and heroin addicts. Help us keep the next family safe with tools to detect. Donations help our program grow
Does that count as fusion cuisine? LOL Enjoying my lunch, Calif. roll and chocolate milk
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1976 in #London, the #SexPistols played their first show at The 100 Club.
Harder to explain that your job is not just to report, but to observe long-term, theorize and perhaps critique, and then gain access.
Doing well, thank you! Just released my second album "After Hours"
Sunning myself today, fleetingly, between obligations, like the palest lizard in Chicago.
joshua on announcement making
I understand. Take care!
how cute you are c;
shout out to you too ((:
hold up lemme look em up
good day for a get something warm and drive safe:)
No problem! If you get the wrong length you can always curl your hair and it'll look gorgeous!
giving an online final right now. students are madly (invisibly) writing in disparate locations & I'm "on call" via email. Feels postmodern.
i know you do omfg
would Calvins catch have stood if it were in the end zone rather than just the sideline?
No one likes a fivehead...
Kansas AG Derek Schmidt and David Henry Hwang sparring in the basement of Memorial Hall. Good work,
I Hear Voices In My Head O.o fml.
Thank you to everyone that stopped by our booth this week. We had a great time and built some solid relationships at the show
Startups: Give Us Your Best One-Sentence Pitch
I know right?
Ah well. And so to bed. Good luck, #nats!
My bed >>>>> Anyone else's bed
What's up with the porn chicks all of a sudden 'following' me? Ladies, I am so not interested in your tweety-spam.
what does that do?
I already follow him so can u DM him for me? (:
low rent lyrical content? I'm partial to clever beats and instrumental strength...personally :)
successful souvenir shopping: a Norweigan cheese cutter, a stuffed moose, and several ugly troll magnets
I'm out side my aunts
I want yo money so give up bitch
: Hey! How are you??? How's the book going??
I've walked that way thousands of times. Wait till you see hawks
#slpeeps What are you using for a standardized measure of pragmatic language? Have used TOPL in the past but looking for something better.
your belief he mysteriously became unfunny is mind-boggling to me.
And here we go....
Julie Essington wins the Michael Walczak scholarship!
The last day of my 2nd album pre-production session is going very well. Be on the look out for the single and eventually the album!
No? not sure I agree with you, I am still a relative twitter newb, but I have noticed some hashtags success in exposure
How do you know when you're in for a long night? ... Your bosses order food for the entire office.
guys im taking my 🚀 the McDonalds so bye
Awaiting confirmation from my team.
watchin some wak ass performers on bulls and slabs wut j big, ice,
Thanks new followers!
As a long time loyal customer I'm really unimpressed with the new United (old Continental) website. It's so bad.
Late Gymflow with bro
- android, iOS and web platforms over here. 3 code bases :( Fortunately I don't have to format the ePub content :)
welcome to the fold! Love your site - cheers! NHF
Private equity firms make money? How terrible!
Such a good movie.
enjoying a marathon, as always!
>> RT : Today I will awesome all the things.
Take a deep breath you are strong. You can do this, ego aside head held high. Only winners take the challenge and rise.-My Dad
Bartt scott jets linebacker used the meeze to insult a QB... classic!
Congrats Cards, great job!! Congrats, Virginia :-)
My dad was mad and my little brother told him : " No grite pa " lmao
In the ATL on my way to Memphis to bring in the New Year
Hello!! Glad to join and follow this new account. My daughter and I thoroughly enjoy and love iCarly. Best wishes to you always.
yeah those things are good! Haha
Twitter chief Dick Costolo met with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as Internet age technologies play growing roles in world affairs.
that's coo im headed in now
I was in Madison last night, will be in MKE til Saturday morning when I head down to Cho=i
yeah I hear ya! Me too!
Thinking about writing a short true story on Twitter?? Would I have to write it backwards?? :-)
In Walgreen's town of perfect, Palestine declares statehood and Isreal says, #byanymeans carry on.
Thanks for the support!! RT : & killed it tonight
You could die right now, and I honestly wouldn't care. That's how badly you've fucking hurt me.
Goodmorninq Twitter ;Alot of things on my mind :))
what's your username
What ever happened to Lisa Irwin? Why are these parents getting away with this?!?!?
I've been heartbroken a MILLION times but guess wat i say "There are other hot guy out there who want this"(:Yes Yes i know im weird..
TORNADO WAS LOCATED 6 MILES NORTHWEST OF ELROSA...OR 16 MILES EAST OF GLENWOOD...MOVING EAST AT 30 MPH.
do that...
Don't prank about robbery! A 14-year-old boy in Houston was killed that way when I was there.
Anyone wanna chill later?
Vast active living intelligence system
Happy hump day!! What is everyone up to!?
Neil Macdonald: 2 billion reasons to regulate America's banks: Dimon went instantly from Wall Street's great leader to its great wall...
so sleepy #goodnight #sleepwell is it Friday yet?
RT : Loving my daily post-lunch 7:01am from I drink it about 7 hrs off from its namesake, but hey, it works!
Michael jackson had a love affair with whitney. They would of been perfect couples, but everything has a reason. Rest in peace MJ&WH.
I'm itching to go back to Connecticut for a little bit. I miss lakes. ice cream stands. humidity.
My pleasure, checking it out now
#NFLAldraft Harrison Smith was also the brilliant alias that Plaxico Burress used when checking into the hospital after shooting himself
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist It Will Rain
You're welcome, Hannah!
no you did a poor job of picking him over CP3. Not happening for big Marv
oh the joy of my life! -_-
he's just so attractive okay. hah
Happy Monday Lichi Lovers!! Any healthy thoughts for the day? ours is to NOT have a single unhealthy thought today...
Looks like an aardvark with that extended nose!
I guess now would be the time to start my homework?
I hear there are a lot of cops on campus today.
Working on a new MP orig...it's a 12x40 using the Pixel-Micro concept...but with a twist!
I wish girls could respect themselves instead of putting off a bad rep.
LOL. He is a loser though. Hahaa
I still have a Zoey 101 necklace.
It is truly better to give ...
Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison Rescue Me Kit in stock. Developed by Alley & expert nutritionists to create natural, organic products.
Love Sam & Mercedes!!!!
Fruit snacks is hitting
You are SO right!
Haven't been here in a while. Getting back to Twitter today.
Indeed, indeed. -- "It's OK if you like money. Just remember to love people." - Simon Sinek
The holidays are a time to acknowledge one's flaws. I'm aware that my lack of humility is what makes me so fabulous!! Merry Christmas!
Is it bad that I like Justin Beiber's Xmas song?
well if u need someone to take care of your extra chapsticks... You know who to call
A little sushi and wine for dinner then it's off to the
great being my biggest fans. How lil sis
Visit our booth #814 and enter to win 10,000 gloves! Just text "Like The Glove Group" to 32665 on your mobile phone!
I wonder who UL hates more Willis or Teague?
Roses are red, violets are blue. Donuts are sweet... and so are you! (awww...)
(AP) -- Judge says he'll sign order declaring Natalee Holloway, teen missing in Aruba, legally dead
The room photo was shot on the fifth floor at MOMA, the FIGURE STUDY in my livingroom
since u mentioned #gameofthrones I will not now! Its so awesome! R u currently caught up?
how man
im rey take a shxt. brb.
#DNation MKE coach is getting after it this week! Our #runners are PUMPED as they get their training plan!
Winner wins a voucher for 2 kids to enjoy during a or show, or
Cody Robert Simpson - Everything i need and more <3
Yup, got my kids working in the warehouse too!
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it. Find the recurring themes, and use them as your blueprint for getting publicity.
Capture the crown> thanks
OK, thanks :)
I know I am, bitch. >:D
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
I believe I made a good choice =) I had to let you know.that your in the wrong <3
completely agree on Spencer's standing ovation. Reverse racism. Condescension.
"O come, O come, Emmanuel, and ransom captive Israel, that mourns in lonely exile here until the Son of God appear."
I don't think you are elitist at all and don't think you are Independent either.
we usually strive for an hour and depending who's on the chat can last more or a little less...
Leavin Universal Studios Universal City Walk frm Movies finally c n THNKLIKEAMAN i dnt usually Watch Movies bt i Supprt PHILLY
Don't be upset. You'll see each other again! Love you guys..xo
yes.. she dont care if they are there or not apparently.. that bottle comes first
RT : “Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom” ~ Aristotle
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
Now this idea I like!
no, no in baseball it's an "imaginarium"
Who knew the technological world of the future would have so many face-to-face meetings? I guess you see plenty of meetings in Star Trek.
Happy mothers day!
Lol has me cracking up I need 2 go back to jersey so me and her can be friends cause she just makes me crack up
i dont judge, i comment -by lily
Hypnotized has been in my head all day
Being a copy editor is sometimes like being your only friend who has a pickup on the day everybody is moving at once. But I'm happy to help.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limits and problems.
Good news: my Gmail is working. Bad news: That means I got an email telling me about the people who've unfollowed me recently.
Fit tip: When wt training, exhale on the exertion of a movement and inhale on the return. This keeps a constant flow of O2 to body & brain.
congratulations. I go in today
It's been around since the '80s and I'm just now learning what steampunk is and just now realizing I've grown up a steampunk uber-fan...
It's sad that the tea I bought has instructions on the box, and that Jason Street might be paralyzed. (I'm like 5 yrs behind).
Well that was a nice surprise  I love hearin from my brother
OK: I've taken care of the morning email, squared away support questions, completed the stack of requested favors. Time to start work. 3pm!
": Missing my other half more than anything right now....." the feelin is mutual
Head down to the Annual Summer Sale on 4th Ave today. Wohoo shopping day!
WHEW !!! MAY 20th Houston freestyle battle. The dopest rappers in houston battle for prizes!! text BATTLE to 72727 for more info!
OK its morning..... so now what? Oh COFFEE - I NEED COFFEE!!!!
Any former #Fulbright scholars with words of wisdom on the application process?
go follow and and and please follow i need and all the ppl mentions me wen ur done!
RT Million dollar tip: Start before you are ready. Don't wait for it to be perfect or for the stars to align. Just do it.
Watching Gettysburg. Jimmie: "I bet the director's cut is SHORTER."
nice, I think I have my friends convinced to do NYE in
My Mac client for seem to be hanging on sync. I wonder if anyone else is having this problem.
Down while the ref counts to ten...
I love
If you love me, You'll ignore this..
Thanks for following People For The American Way - Wisconsin!
#lis483 RT : The teens in my library asked for a scary movie. I gave them "Food Inc."”
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that. Anonymous.
Thank YOU :).
Thank you, Joel! -Kevin
Lol good times
Thank you Elsie. Blessings to you & yours as well. HUG
haha yes true :) Do you have your prom dress yet? i always like the outfits you post on facebook hahaha
D.C. tennis tournament now called Citi Open The ATP World Tour hardcourt tournament in the nation's capital is changing its name to the C
ridin slab and bangin screw, smoking good, inside its wood
are you goin to church??
are in need of paper towels, linens, flash lights, dog/cat food, and gallons of water contact brian shapiro @ 845-633-3703
does this help: chrome://net-internals/
like ya avi
Mums&#39; stress during early pregnancy can affect newborns&#39; iron status
haha now I get it
I was asking about full city tour last night.
Now we hear want DOUBLE DIGIT furlough days for #lausd next year...Cartmenez do that math..#strike!
Sure did!
Did you know? March is Music in our Schools Month! Follow for fun music education info and trivia.
Been up since 5, almost done with work!.
I don't understand your policy of not allowing bartenders (like me) to be a bar reviewer? Problems with bias?
thats me&my friends 's whole mission is to #StopBullying if u were a true grander u wouldnt have done that
My phone loses battery so fast smh
i love that song
PT, I know you're from Illinois so I'm gonna help you out bro, it's y'all not ya'll. Great game today man
Not feeling well, I would not "enjoy" it! LOL
I'm going to take a nap in a little bit! I still need my sleep! :]
I AM BLESSED!
Former astronaut Pam Melroy about to take the stage
These TTs NEED to go away.
Hurts me just watching Amar'e play with that hand wrapped up!
ewwwwwww i think that's hogwash! if women were going to be intrinsically happy having babies there'd be fewer unwanted ones
Warhol would love making diamond dust paintings of Paris Hilton and Miley Cyrus.
10+ PR's last night ... Bring it!
i think i am going to offer it someone else, but if they dont want it, then sure
was told a long time ago by another musician- sunblock under your clothing for outdoor festivals
e pluribus unum = out of many, One Tell us what "One" means to you. How do you use your unique gifts to contribute to One?
In classic case of #irony, Jayson Dobney's #cimcimamis preso at on guide-apps at the Met is foiled by PowerPoint
"Cut him some slack. Who could resist not eating your face?" omg I love you awndrayah.
how many years young are you doll face?
I work with a bunch of fuckin retards god gave these people no common sense or anything swear
It's a Friday night, so i'll be asleep in like 14 hours. I'm already sleepy.
Tough game in the crease. Came out on top by 1 :)
you can never go back and erase your mistakes. the only way to fix them is by moving forward.
Downtown Chicago has four food trucks with twitter feeds. Two of them specialize in cupcakes. Chicago may be getting soft and cuddly.
Thank you!
I raise my glass and in a while,
Following #civilunions news as I get ready for tonight's #Evicted story.
May the prompts on AP Lang be ever in your favor ;)
Tonight's #dinnerspecial: Stuffed Pepper with mashed potatoes--only $18.95!
Lol u making me laugh so much like u do in school and i wanna see your dog ir must be so cute
seriously. my new favorite thing. i wish this was around years ago.
back from leesburg
It's delightful when work luncheons feature delicious vegetarian food, thanks, work peeps. Also, desserts, omg sugar crash, here I come.
just walked by the Kesha concert... the largest concentration of sliver lipstick in the world!
Don't call it naan bread, it's just naan!! Duh
"I'm sorry" does not always work ecspecially when they are waiting for u to screw up
i must say that you are much nicer than Clay's whig. lol
"Onion strings should never be missed. Burger is always a favorite. Halibut special was a treat...tender and flavorful."
Oh, we know! thx RT : Mailed a letter to this morning to tell them how awesome & are.. hope they listen!
Looks like Olympia Snowe finally did something to cross the aisle again on jobs- after her health care and fiscal commission flip flops
Seeing my first solidarity sing along. We all need to remember to stay unified through the primary in order to win.
Staring at the clock waiting for 4:30 so I can call haha
omfg i have a craving for some fucking icecream
Hispanic inclusion is almost non-existent in the highest echelons of Corporate America. To be successful you have to play an
A perfect day for some Green Chile Stew.
Hello, leftover champagne. I kinda sorta wanna bring a bottle along on tonight's Amtrak trip. There's never a bad time for bubbly right?
Stand Up and Laugh wants to wish everyone a terrific Hump Day!!
gonna be up all night countin down to #summerjam just heard fabo is about to guest star yall better bring your
Flight delays, $300 Car rental to #GR, $400 Rental van w/ power outlet to charge dead phone, #PRICELESS Thanks
Happy birthday !
halloween is comming man
you best follow us back!!!! ; )
love you too boo
Johnny depp gets laid like 5 times in dark shadows.
John you are most certainly invited to any and all #DCDrinkUp's
yes I have to agree with you their do you like to help people? well? people helping people awesome www.sendittomeokay.com
Best of luck to all the runners in the #BostonMarathon! We'll be cheering you on all day!
Anderson Cooper is fine for an older person
Agree! RT : Nothing is sexier than great skin, nothing!
sounds like the perfect plans for the day!
We hope your event went well last night! Thanks for partnering with Village Learning Place!
i think i like this list thing....
Almost Oct, which means my bday is approaching:)
Auto Racing Capsules: Kyle Busch takes fourth straight Richmond spring race
My Instagram followers are sexy as hell -- ationalove
Interesting, is having a beer dinner 2/24. And no they are not serving hot dogs.
knuckle touch 
thinking about doing this contest which includes the winner getting a free photoshoot by the one and only A3!
Had cell service on the platforms between Forest Glen & Glenmont for the first time today! It's a great day for AT&T.
Watching the sun rise today.
Happiness is going to buy your favorite bag of chips from the vending machine and then finding a second, unclaimed bag, in the drop bin.
We love to hear that--thank you! (We also publish the fiction & poetry of WD competitions winners online & in compilations.)
Shoreline Drive fans!!! Help wish our guitar player jordan a Happy Birthday!!! Go to his wall now and give him a birthday wish!
One shift down, one to go. Livin life to the fullest cause were not promised tomorrow. So get at me
remember when #40dollars was more than enough to fill a tank??
I'm Chris (I sing), plays drums, plays bass, plays guitar :)
I'm praying school will be cancelled tomorrow due to some freak accident.
Diging in my skin from beging to the end
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow id tell you I'm sorry, that im so fucking sorry. And that I love you,always and forever
good morning!
Freaking Please don't go next week. What am I going to do all summer w/out , and ?
Everybody's the same color with the lights off
were you in Kokomo???
until the government undercuts prices making private a non option.
Jason is done after season
Calling fans to give them the dates for the Living Room Tour!! =)
hey salute paisan
Did Angelica Huston win an Oscar for Addams Family Values?
Splice - free and great RT : “: Who knows how to edit video on the iPhone? Point me to a resource? #L2011”
What's your idea? Or are you a free agent?
Limo for tomorrow 4th hr free!! W.frontrangelimousine.com
Lost 6 followers over the weekend and gained 4 back..eh.
On the phone with my baby Jakaree((: I missed him !!!!
For jerseys yes. They have other products w/o NFL shield for sale though
Fun hanging w/ and other peeps. Hope to see to you soon in LA!
RT Thanks for putting us on TV! What a fun episode!<<---Of all the places on the map, glad we ran into you. Thanks!
Good thing you have a pic on here. almost blocked you!
You're a nice lady!
Thanks for the retweet!
Why do American #Idol singers always 'sound' like American Idol singers? Why is Ryan Seacrest only 4 feet tall?
I need a roof deck on my house at one point in my life
RT Kings of American Excellence!
I hope so, not a big Tebow guy. Plus you may get Wayne and Saturday.
I SWEAR TO GOD IF SLUTLENA DATES ONE OF THEM I WILL PERSONALLY FUCKING KILL HER! !!! SHE RUINED IT WITH HER FUCKING UGLY ASS AND FAKE SMILE
Skip, I really wan't to be on the show. I leave for bootcamp Nov. 29! I'll do anything! i love you!
I wonder how much $ pulled in after the #equality announcement
Japanese pan noodles m
#FavoriteLyric "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?!?
I want some orange pants! 😊
if ever in the Chi please fellowship w/ keeps us lifted, informed &!liberated! Or watch live;)
Austin's personality >>>>>>>
PS- Have you thought about moisture wicking pillow cases?
Are you still looking fro things to do in #Vegas? We recommend a fun tour or exhibit.
Most 2-Year College Students Quit on.wsj.com/tIZFUQ via
"Remember, we were born to shine.To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration & joy out every moment we live."
There's something wrong with a grown man in a cover band singing Justin Bieber - right ?
Oh I will. Because I know you don't get too many. ;) Congratulations! RT let us philly fans enjoy ourr moment lol
Any recommendations for a cheap hosting site? My e-portfolio is still up on my ex-school's server and I want to move it elsewhere. THX
I guess he's a true american! RT : 4 the record 's favorite Whitney song is the Star Spangled Banner.
I never noticed all those yrs ago that in a far off shot in Flavor in Ya ear, Craig Mack really favors Xhibit. But I didn't know him then.
well my answer because i'm a diva/multi-hyphenate enthusiast, is unless you've been bad all week, you should have what you want
I am in LOVE with #TheMuse.....love love love love
Go to Paul's and tell Joe "hi" from me!
wasnt so many years ago that some Americans in Europe were passing as Canadian
I wish I knew fluent Korean. (Read, Write, Talk, Understand when someone is talking/singing) So pretty much fluent all around.
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
Just made a instagram Follow me: alexsaintmichael
I really, really want you to visit Anus, France.
Look out for our weekly newsletter today! We've got a bunch of baking, bootcamp, and acting classes featured in honor of The Hunger Games!
I LOVE YOU GUYS FOR DOING THAT TO HIM HAHAHAHA
But I waited too late...
glad you are back on! Missed you!
Woke up to glorious weather in DC this morning
no.. tweet #FollowMeRomoTheCat so people dont get confused (;
A no hitter in the cape wont even make the globe, but the right girl, thatll last you forever.
I figured yu left school or yu never came
Lol So Lik Since When Did U Lik Start Liking Her
any christmas albums yet??!! Haha (: love yaa
They should hand out lollipops everywhere you go ..not just banks
Just added our 200th follower! thanks to ! And thanks to all of our followers for spreading the word about Pets for Vets.
Death Wish tonight at 8pm on AMC. Nothing like a little Old School #kickassfiction ... 70's style!
#WordsWithFriends needs a built-in dictionary. Please would you do that now and then go back to making crappy balloon games?
X and I r done. Never to go back. I tried bringing that back but it didn't work. Laquane and I r just cool. Uhm phillip.
Off to bed...Goodnight Facebook world c'ya in the A.M. :-) Z...
With another win for Hugo with Sound Mixing I'm wondering if it will be the most winner ever in the
Ignorance is a gifted talent... U can't teach that shit
This boy is sexy as FUUUUUCCCKKK.
Everyone needs to have merely OK-to-good games sometimes. Even JBJ.
ECA's today \:
ARTS will be at Jack Johnson concert today in Chula Vista. Come to our booth in the Village Green! 6:30pm: jack will play an acoustc set!
Strappin' on my fanny pack and going roller blading!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
im not repeating myself. If you didn't hear me the first time then oh well you shit outa luck
Any country music fans out there? Today in 1993, Shania Twain released her self-titled debut album.
Joakim Noah and Tim Tebow both in Boston this weekend!
thanks for the RT! Have you been at our other #SYVW events? Love your logo btw.
My man is puttin on A CLINIC right now on XM 47!!!!!
CFA fighters please tag us with pictures of your workouts or tweet us we want to show our fans how u guys are gearing up for CFA7
Tough way to go out
☼ Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Jeff Spicolli: Whoa, dude, I just totally won the game!
GAH!! Awesome! RT : RUSH is coming to Buffalo in October!
Short night at work tonight=
Tractor trailer collides with school bus at Farmedge Rd. and N. Wantagh Ave. in Bethpage. Injured taken to hospital. No kids on the bus.
you better hope she didn't use it to clean anything
Sometime next week, I'm packed this weekend. /: What time are you free?
Who's ready! :D
Life for me is jus weed 💨 and brew 🍺
It was a three-word review: "Mean and useless."
Exodus 22:22-23 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
that made me cry!
Oh dear! I could understand that, though.
fucking bitter cause we have the better coach, the better team, and we don't need to scream ORANGE across our chest.
A lot of people moved up to the 9th. So it's nice to meet people and hand out cookies :)
#historyvsfiction.. in Hoodlum they showed me, Madame Queen and Bumpy Johnson havein a sitdown, in reality that never took place..
These "good girls" that you speak of are mythical creatures of our imaginations.
Studio life is nice :)
Omg i have to take my math exam. Fml
I'm only delivering the best to her
lol i just went and saw aziz live at the riverside theatre, front row baby. His standup was great
Hey hey! Thanks man
Taking my little sister and grandma shopping...
Go Pack Go!!! XOXO from Maine
A truly beautiful day in NYC today and no better way to spend it than to be with my parents all day long.
Awesome! I'm so excited!
Having trouble running Git on OSX Lion? Install the latest Xcode from the app store. Oh yea, it's free!
hey Jared, I sent you an e-mail a day or so ago. Looking forward to hearing back from you. Thanks!
And we're all anxious to play the crap out of your current project.
I've NEVER had to work this hard...it BETTER PAY OFF
Happy birthday Justin!!!!! Hope it's a good one!:)
good luck
u would...if i didnt kbow u or know what u looked lile ide think u were fat af hahaha
Woo Season 7 of Supernatural! Cas is a douche but he's still so hot! xD
"Shake it out" is so moving I'm never quite sure WHEN to listen to it.
Thx Pandora! I wanted to hear "Cowboy Take Me Away" by & it was the first song that played!
IPad for free:'(
thanks for the shoutout- i need more followers
- We are very excited to be able to provide the drum kit for you at the Matchbox Showcase on Thursday! We r here 2 serve you!
OH YEAH, NINE CENTIMETERS YEAH. Dude, send me a picture of baby Caden when he's here!
Pink Floyd is awesome!
Lignite Plant Latest
Your thoughts ain't my thoughts!
This little game of one-on-one reminds me how much I DON'T miss basketball .
i wonder what it feels like to sleep on a water bed o.0
the Denver airport has some good beer. I had to spend 6 hours there a couple times.
that email also promoted upcoming events. I will look into our segmentation policy. Thanks for the heads up. –Will
We'll be on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up to ride to the coast in support of Lung Association
I love being hispanic. We have good food that actually has flavor <3
Well, I guess to those who think they do. :)
A.P. Gouthey ~It takes more than money to make men rich~
snowing outside, looks like I will be staying right here in my nice warm studio today! :)
thanks not sure where it is however I will find it
it's the one thing I wish we could all achieve. Thanks for posting. Have a great weekend yourself Madison! xo
Working until 5pm at Slangin' wax n' facts. Swing by and get educated! [#ilm]
come join dude!
I love coming to my Boyfriends house just to Free Load off of his Netflix lmao :')
I don't have enough hair to pull out
yep. Sabby was a PISs poor decision (see the little play I did on his last name) and I am not even a professional
I wish I could find my remote.
's view of #CRM: not just technology, encompasses strategy, processes, tools, & people. Provides borad view of customer too.
rooting for you from Green Bay!
you missed a riveting round of Christmas trivia!! It was pretty intense..
If you're a light hitting outfielder, you better fucking play good D
Me & my litto 3 year old sister jammin to whip it <3
I'm bout to call u in few... N let u kno Waddup
This tweeting I may have to learn how to get down
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season. fb
Hahahaha. Im doing well. yourself ?
I prolly get in trouble if i said what i feel like doing
the gas chamber of a kill sheltet & flew 18 month old Beagle up to NJ who was adopted by Joe & Geralyn Dwyer. It's outlawed in 19 states now
We wan't to kwow all the " Doers" out there ! Tell us what you do?
Petite starts Friday - how many starts with the Yankees has he made this year? Is it his 2nd?
In less than 24 hours I wil be in the plane heading towards #Aruba & getting my
Have TiVo or download shows 100% of the time. See commercial while at bar. Cannot pull attention away.
it was actually pretty good... i shoudnt b eating late since i been tryna get right to model for lil minute..but Oh well it happens
Not sure what you mean by that? My website comes up just fine on my smartphone. :)
I'm good just going in on what I love
Saw many of my middle school library friends today, including 's Noah! Signed him up for Summer Reading Club. :)
It's so maddening that stupid people have jobs and I dont. If you cant tell an ant apart from a spider.. You should prob not be a librarian.
Watch out Ashley Young, got a rival in kevin prince boateng for dive of the year
Hope all of you have a great time ringing in 2011. Cuz Its gonna be going UP not DOWN in the new Hollywood South in 2011!!!!!!!!
RT @ KidsLiveWell Tip: Offer choices 2 kids - "Which would you like for dinner? Broccoli or carrots?" (rather than "Do you want broccoli?")
Thanks so much for the follow. I see that your book is doing well on Amazon. Full of tantalizing titles, good advice!
Getting blood taken= not fun
Just back from my weekly run. That's right, weekly. I don't want my body getting too used to it or anything.
actually, it's "LEGENDARY!!!"
Pinnacle Bank Announces Seventh Consecutive Profitable Quarter - MarketWatch (press release)
Bob is , , , the enemy Or like U say tehell with Republicans,I love it when U get Mad noNames!
aw thanks S!
How about love us some San Antonio??? We love us some Texas!
S/o To , Causee He Toldd Me Too &Becausee Hes Sittinng Right Next Too Me , w/ His Cutee A** . -,-
lol I wanna see that kinda crowd at the games next year haha
Quantified Self tech? RT : Am I only one that lives in fear of online eating disorder communities embracing Quantified Self tech?
This is going to blow up. “: So, the tour THINKS a fan took Tiger's ball, but no1 in gallery saw ball picked up? Free drop?”
RT Give us deets! Pete Campbell from Mad Men was just here. He *really* loves Especially the ladies.
When I turn on Espn at 2am.. And it says baseball tonight is suppose to be on, I better get baseball tonight not the fucking NBA..
30 cases of free beer at the Silicon Alley Talent Fair! #SATF Get excited at the after party! #skejidea via
great video on social media on YouTube #dtl2011 Social Media Revolution 2011 you've got to see this :)
you comin out here
way to go!
Emma Stone looks stunning in that dress, but Ben Stiller looks like a midget next to her
RT : Katherine Fernandez Rundle is introducing at Women in Production.
got the butterflies come on lakers
Today Warren Buffett announced he is hiring every unemployed person in the United States--sending the unemployment rate to 0%.
Thanks David!!!!
Follow IPI Senior Research Director as he live tweets lunchtime talk with Zbigniew Brzezinski
Happy Birthday to my inspiration !♥ I love youu soo much Justin!♥ Thanks for being that Talented kid that everyone adores!♥
can't wait to kick ass on the softball field!
Family is all ihave left.&FamType
My cousins are talking like cholos
Watchin' a fight and a hockey game broke out. 1 TB - 5 Pittsburgh end of the 2nd period. Go #Pens!
In your mouth? Hand? Whaaa? Always keepin' a nigga in suspense.
Let's go flyerssssSSSSZSz
DRUG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR: ANTIDEPRESSANTS - ...
Oh...that can be a hard one. Usually when I have writers block I just go do something else but keep my paper close by if I
come see me new year's eve at king plow arts center!! jamming with Priceless the kid! Going to be dope
u should get an Emmy for your role on glee
Nice going #wmata. You extoll the virtues of the SmarTrip Card and then make the touchpads unusable at about half the fare gates @ Archives
Seau's death is being investigated. Not clear if this is a homicide or a suicide. Woah. Shocking.
Failed my research paper. Thats my Asian F!
Great site visit today with #CommunityWestFoundation. Thanks for the support!
Deserves 10 games.
well if Julia Roberts had been replaced with a Zoltar machine he may have come up with some more folksy wisdom
None specifically. Just most in general.
Word of the day is 'balance.'
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
FLOWER TIP OF THE DAY: Always cut the stem of your flowers at a 3/4 degree angle. This allows the flower to take up water properly. :)
Watching the #SAGawards from ATL tonight.
Nutella has nothing on peanut butter. Their jealousy of our condiment variety has locked them into a hazelnut corner.
I'll have to go back and listen, never really paid much attention to soundtracks
Maddie and McKenzie are my reasons to watch #DanceMoms they are beautiful and so talented
Blood Drive is scheduled for June 21 from 3:00 - 6:00 at AMLI 535! Please email to reserve your spot. Thanks for helping!
Link to Mayor's Agent decision on firehouse doors on your site seems to be broken. Do you have a pdf you could email? Thanks!
Movie's done :)
Anyone who says government only increases fees, I refer you to today's city council vote on developer in-lieu fee for inclusionary housing.
“: see you soon ;)” good seeing you ladies. Thanks for coming to visit.
full day -- which is why I've been looking for more help on the site.
Seems pretty clear to me that Gov. Walker has acted in "Contempt of Court". Disallowing the ruling on two occasions now. He should be tried.
Spoiled is already in my cart :)
Got my Twitter fix... Back in a few more months. Add me on Google+ ()
omg this week cant get any worsee
because I've only heard it here in Miami, I suspect it's Cuban
"Because everyone needs to get one." - Guy pitching Clue.
I think I pick: When Harry Met Sally or Finding Nemo if I have to watch 1 movie 5 times in a row.
YES. #thatswhatimtalkingabout! Next time I'm in town, wanna get some sushi there with me? #illtakeoffmymask :)
Maholm drops down sidearm for a slider to get Carpenter swinging.
WOw u r so gorgeous
Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina are best business climates according to survey of U.S Exec's. TX has held #1 ranking since 1999.
They Have Too Many #DRGs In..#BatonRouge!
Reserve seats now for tonight's Thunder vs. Jazz. Shuttle to the Arena from Edmond and Norman and back for only $15 per passenger! 447-2446
: ) “FITzee Foods helps me eat healthy...Fast food is no longer an option when I have such great meals to look forward to!” –Angela Mullins
I know! I'm sorry. I forgot to say bye yesterday lol well, goodbye Alex :) I already miss you!
just won farkle. Next time I'll win.
thanks for the kind words! Thanks for following us!
Can I just say how much I like being able to text call numbers to my phone from the catalog? Thanks for this great service.
my #truth ": "Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required." - Winston Churchill"
that was awesome I love that song and y'all did it justice. Dia is a bonafide rock star!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 9
I love you BL!
loool ya I'm late but huh
my band's on twitter now - - follow us for show schedules and updates!
#WELOVESARAH lets trend it
in Buenos Aires tonight
Heh, it's pending. I'll let you know if he flakes out.
Don't you just love hashing out what the biggest issue would be on a project with a vendor, just to have THAT issue break shit at the end?
Zing! RT We should be doing "goal reporting" twice a year instead. Performance is for the bedroom. #investments are only part.
Congrats to center Brittany Griner and Coach Mulkey on winning AP player and coach of the year. Good luck and
Mosquitoes after the rains here in the South... never fun when they bite the back of your calves
followed ya babe! :)
idk sounds like you're in some type of relationship and I don't go to the movies with niggas that have girlfriends.
what fruit do you hate the most?
i <3 getting mcflurries with my little bro!! haha we got one with all three toppings: reese's, m&m's, and oreos. yea. be jealous.
Happy Easter!
Welcome ! Looking for a hip wine bar ? We're a 10 min drive from the Gaslamp on 4th Ave. Swing by for Happy Hour today from 5-7p.
Or Hudson Hawk. RT Lots of Die Hard jokes. Nobody has made a North joke.
What the 1% should fear most is that too many of the 99% have nothing left to lose.
#Beliebersareunstoppable if I had bangs like that my hair product line would be 'bangsbybieber'
And Uncle too!
#NowListeningTo; "Yellow Submarine" by #TheBeatles c;
A text i just got(2 muscle males with ass in a ring together just a damn shame PUT US IN LOL) IM ROTFL
Last night's Fam Guy was AMAZING!! You + team =
Now that I run a business, I truly can see Facebook.com is Social Media for Networking n keep up with Great Friends and Great Acquaintances
Pasta for lunch and dinner everyday? How do Florentines stay skinny? Seriously, it's like the kicked out the unfit people from town.
aye follow us?
PROUD OF KIDRAUHL (: i love you juz10
You make fitness follow ME! Nice! Puttin' fitness in the palm of my hands even on biz trips.
How you gone watch TV with a dog that you don't like.
Chronologically impaired.
the following 8 days will be the busiest and most stressful time of this year for me
ability to raise funds is directly proportionate to ability to effectively lead...in some people's minds. But, fair enough.
Shoutout to my seniors taking the ap lit exam tomorrow.
Give some love to the guy that yelled SING IT SUGAR TITS last night at your show in NASHVILLE!!!!!!
I have no idea what I'm doing.
7 winsp 0 losses this weekend. Champions in the gold bracket! yeeah buddy #lifeofasoftballplayer #swag so excited for this season<3 leggo.
is distributing condiments that offer new dimensions of flavor.
Just returned from the grocery store everybody looking for the cheapest deals now a days.
Spanish is going to be the death of me.
thinking about technological change...and managing digital objects for persistence and use...talk about challenging.
my theory class has a 'moral' meal planned for this evening. I'm very curious to see how this is going to turn out.
hannah ! where you at ?!
Could be fun. However, I'm in Georgia. Now, if this event decides to travel south a little...
#newpuppy Lots of people showed up! This is great. :)
✞JESUS CHRIST, HAS SWΔG.♥
PLEASE FUK WIT YOUR GIRL AND FOLLOW & MEMPHIS TN STAND UP LOVE FROM MIAMI
I use my phone very strategically when it hits “Low Battery
Okay have to stop shopin when i don't have anything to wear, now i have to wash seven loads of clothes damnit i miss my granny this alot :(
Arise, Lord! Lift up your hand, O God. Do not forget the helpless. Ps 10:12 Pray for the helpless. Join us for Blue Sunday!
Join today and receive 1,000 www.tankscapers.com
dear myspace: you are so original. change your name to Myspacebook
have you been studying????????for once...haha
#SashaBaronCohen kills me like no other. He's probably one of the most #brilliant #comedians ever. #Redcarpet stunt was perfectly executed.
Say happy birthday to our very own Lucy of the . At voltage now for a surprise w prosecco and cupcakes!!!
yes I do
So Addictive right...need to follow you!
Whatever you are doing, love yourself for doing it. Whatever you are feeling, love yourself for feeling it. ~Thaddeus Golas
I mean, obvs if the article says so. I meant I remember seeing it.
Sold out of the medium Minotaur design by :(
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW YOU BACKK!!!!!!!
I will :) Hes actually on my friends list.
Strong faith today means more miracles tomorrow
Awesome!!! Thank you! Hope you enjoy! :D
Love the Indiana shoutout from and Smith re: Dumezich.
i keep seeing commercials for it and then dying all over the place, but my computer sucks so i'm resisting...for now...
it was fun! Had a bgirl session with friends :)
finals week over tomorrow thank.God
To meet & really get to know That's all I really wanna do
250 yesterday son!!!!
Tip: To darken brows realistically fill them in with a pencil that matches your brow color and comb them with an eyebrow brush.
Bacon, always (thankfully) effin up my faux-veg ways!
OMG!!!! He is in my prayers. That's crazy!
if you do that, then 6 months will become 6 years.
It feels so good to give back to those in need. I just wanna make it so i can share the wealth with many in need of a lil help.
Bynum didn't play a huge role in last year's disaster (did he even play in 4Qs?), unless you're talking about the Clotheslining?
same. I got a 98%. I just didn't think the plus was necessary
Since before cocky was an egg.
I just watched it! Amazing! :D <3333
Just had a great phone conversation with about its upcoming seminar during which I will be a presenter on social media.
I got dumber for reading your trash. Riley never even visited Buffalo you joke of a journalist.
With the fact I was born in the lazy generation you can see why I ate at McDonalds twice today because I don't care-
we are
new video comin soon! Next one is on how I survived radiation =D thxs for watching much love!
You guys are both awesome!
I need coffee.
Cabby's throwing arm had a part in that!
lol...can you teach me how to Dougie?
love nick cage movies
I chew Nicorrete gum for the buzz.
I can't believe how many ass holes I gave my time to
I'm so thirsty. It's because there haven't been enough #waterchecks today.
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year.
I HAWT ass mess ...
#Brewers are making Lynn look like The second coming ...,
follow me please
The only way I can lower my taxes is to become a multi millionaire! Time to start working!
which penman novel? I just started here be dragons and love it!
is it odd to you that all of the badgers players didn't get flu shots?
You may need to start labeling your tweets "NSFW"!
I would really like to be able to breathe out of my nose again :(
Reducing sugar intake frequently tops this to-do list
no, it wasn't you! You're fine, I completly understand your situation
Hey! Thanks for adding us to your list!
it was trade , I felt weird being there
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up & pee or if you can hold it in until the morning...””
I love Ugly Betty!!
That last tweet was compliments of
can u bring ur english book on monday:)
Goodluck man... take it down
Did I tell you there is a local band called The Ambulars?
such an amazing san diego day. Headed to Little Italy just cuz its so nice out.
My carr >>
Thanks for making me feel welcome & elaborating on the boundaries of downtown Syracuse! :P
1606- The Union Jack adopted as the official flag of Great Britain.
plz follow me i love u!!!!
Why is Pete in jail?
Drexel coach Bruiser Flint Drexel head coach Bruiser Flint talks about his disappointment with not receiving an at-large bid for the NCAA
pretty mother
Don't tease me like that, fingers crossed. (About Louis CK and late set drop-ins.)
Direct me in the path of your commands, for there I find delight. Psalm 119:35
I figured you would've. I saw something on Discovery, Travel or something about Disney Cruises.
Death Race 2000!
I thought I was the only one! RT ": That Dorito taco shit is nasty."
bored. Let's get this tweetinn started!
Same thing my man. You're in Toronto?
Id b like, i saw it first!! Lol
You are all of those.
Yayyyy manhattan!!!!! So what it's only been a week feels great to be back for a min :D
Mitt Romney was the one who really started McDonald's, not Ray Kroc
Is this the live chat?
Will do
you should come over tonight!
we hear everything from attendees, to content, presenters and food are great at your events. says so
This is hilarious. So amusing. S
What!? You're only 17!? Now I feel like a pervert for thinking you're cute!!
Lots of spam bots out today!
If you offer me an entry to a sweepstakes and then ask me to share it, what's my incentive. Seems like my odds of winning go up the less...
Not really a game the Heels "need" per se, while it's huge for Maryland. Gary always outcoaches Roy win or lose.
haha YES! The other reason I want him to come, is so I can meet at the other ohio Mahomies! <3
John Velazquez to ride Animal Kingdom replacing Robbie Albarado in Kentucky Derby
I might have to show u that move..
Going to different schools means you can year the same thing twice in a row!!
We really are selling pixels for $1 each, because we want to start really contributing to society in a way that we can make our mark!
President Obama, don't tell me we're coming home from Afghanistan when troops are staying for another ten years at least.
Actually, my straight male best friend hates her more than anyone I've talked to -- fat, insecure/jealous girls included.
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
That is an awesome place to work! You are lucky!
The identity of a research team impacts the research;framing of research questions, community engagement, interpretation of findings
it would be a dream come true if u came to my birthday:)
aww hell ya!
I want SUMMER <3
I seriously need to copy my ass.
*tear* awww im touched ;) thank you! RT : Wishing my first love a very special Happy Birthday!!
I enjoyed your article
If I pull my hair out, will the #packers pay for my rogaine? Or can I get a clay mathews hair transplant? Either will do.
Haha well I may try to "partaek in your ausumniss" around New Years :)
Yes I hate that song, i hear it in my sleep.
I Am Officialy Out Of School Don't Have To Se Those RACHET IRRELEVANT Females ANYMORE!!!!
Immensely proud to be a Bulldog today. From to students and alumni, all show nothing but class - in victory and defeat.
Had an amazing spinach pasty from #Chicago support local business and carry them, please!
I appreciate your support, ! Have a great weekend!
It was a very nice, incredibly discerning lady at our panel discussion. She was remarkably insightful.
Got some good hours in at work today :)
Have a great week everyone. Stay safe and out of trouble. Don't take any guff from those swine!!!
Actually going to prove ppl wrong about this guy!
My committee is so rad. Their scholarship is all about international blacknesses and Afro-Arab-Asian cultural and political ties. Love em.
All the guys are playing baseball while the girls are looking through my grandmothers clothes
there is still Eric!
I can see that John, however I fear that we limit ourselves when all we do is promote listings.
Hospitality is one of the commercial real estate groups in which Remington has demonstrated exceptional financing expertise over the years.
I'm secretly your wife. <3
#beastieboys music makes my soul smile.
listening to lutheran undergraduates attempt to flirt with one another. it seems like a different language and it seems too nice.
Looking forward to a busy brunch shift at the Scholars Inn!! Hope to see you there!
when you wholeheartedly adopt a "with all your heart" attitude and go out withthe positive principle, you can do incredible things
you don't know the meaning of fuck off, huh? because everytime I say leave me alone. you ALWAYS think otherwise.
Sent in art contest entries
Asia! Tonight's opening service in Jakarta for the empowered21 Asia Congress will be amazing!
announced today that Peter's Party is back!!
So many thoughts.. Too many thoughts..
Lily Allen is gonna quit music like Brett Farve quit football.
Need the 48-hour day. Does Costco sell that wholesale?
whether through direct expression, or elimination of the banal through automation, the aim of software should be to enhance human creativity
hating the new e-mail system on facebook
to answer my own question - 18 minutes.
#agirldeserves a boy. A woman deserves a man.
happy birthday twitter buddy! love you!! :)
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, no.
Omg I'm so excited for friday though
and what is that?
Soccer in the rain is fun as fuhhh!
Today is Katherine Hepburn's birthday...truly the gold standard for acting!
Thanks Simon!
Unfollowers are haters. I love haters. Therefore, I'll be nice to unfollow them back rather than starting a riot ... <:
Can I use your phone to call my mom? "Yeah, just hit redial."
#missthosedays check the picture I just retweeted
come say hi if you do!!
Nice, #SportingKC plays Stoke in a friendly. No day in KC will ever top seeing ManU lose here. It was the greatest day in KC history to me.
