“Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.” - Lorrin L. Lee
Build a relevant audience of people who care about you in order to improve
Annoyed! He's not that fucking great im jst saying
Are u still moving this summer?
On my way home from morning service and then band rehearsal..been a great day for the Lord.
Coke for dinner. Cool.
im so there.. lol.. be safe have a great friday :)
lol say no to ketchup!
happy mothers day monae
And the young poets rise
Upright Citizen's Brigade rocks!
left early, love my mommaa
ah! Send him?
The Other Day A Beiber Fan Insulted Me So I Kicked Her Ass... It Was My Sister xD
"Consume less" RT Hmm. If you're tweeting at 11 am, does that mean there's been a half day of procrastination?
I'll send you a link once we finish up everything. Hope all is well!
LOL...quite an interesting mix. I feel bad y'all can't get into bars
I love doggies, but my kitty cat is a friendly one!
More like yes :) RT : ": Is "A Goofy Movie" the best movie ever? Probably, man...Probably." &lt;3
You're welcome! Hope everything goes well tomorrow. RT : thanks to #JMS481 for the beautiful flowers and lovely card!
Bear Down. Goodnight.
Amy Senser verdict: On 1st felony count: Guilty, Count 2: Guilty. Not guilty of gross vehicular negligence. Guilty of careless driving.
Who uses Joomla! for their company website?
Hightower grad Eric Moreland (Oregon State) had 13 points, 6 rebounds and 4 blocks in today's 86-84 win over Washington.
A Google sztori - PC World Online
omg didn't it hurt
on the hunt for a new wallet.
welcome to Memphis. Come by after the show!
Really appreciate the regular updates but wish updating was as easy as WordPress. Is that an impossible dream?
Are you open tonight?
I feel like im about to die ...
Its more of my dad that does it. I cant wait until college. Im so getting out of here and then no one will be able to make me ...
good job! There will always be children who can run Faster and longer. Those were the days.
JEALOUS! hope you are having fun:) love you!
Are you there peaches n cream waffles? It's me, Dena.
Yeah, I still pick chartreuse.
#askmau What would you do if I came up to you & hugged you out of nowhere<33? :D
ok just wondered. he gets the idk thing going but told him cant sit on fence 4ever with any decisions. lol
is gonna be on DWTS!! cant wait!! :)
You're not at for class? RT : brad ramlow here cooking dinner
RT : Clap your hands three times, then declare your full name with jazz hands. Good. :-o
44% of women can’t enjoy sex with people of low intelligence
hell yeah.you should definitely come kick it sometime!
not really
Next week, interested in region in the 1940s too - PA, NJ, DE. Mention and we will RT as prep for release of
Chuck E Cheese???? LOL
Today can only be described as a total bummer. But as Lucy Maud Montgomery wrote, "Tomorrow is always fresh with no mistakes in it."
We'll keep it in mind! :) Thanks for the support and we're glad you enjoy our music! - TS
Austin(: can you please follow me?
Off to work can't wait to post pics from our event with
#imprettysure armadillo's love Raves!
☼ Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced. Alfred North Whitehead
oh I remember that show. My sister always watched it. What was your favorite animated show?
3 iPhone4 giveaways to the top three most creative #BroLies by Sept 1st. Tell your friends!!
RETWEET...,CLUB DOWNTOWN IS KRAZY PACKED RITE NOW!! WE STILL GOT $4 U CALL ITS!!!!
Hunc1120's Wachovia Securities, FAME Renaissance #ipo LA Redevelopment Agency SunTrust Housing MKT
Parking st baltimore airport. Each spot has a sensor so you know where the empty spots are. Neat idea !
Enjoy RT I start physical therapy today...yayyyy 
Colorado State boosts undergradate tuition next year by 9 percent
I never used to get sick. NYC is bad for my health. I need to move to healthier terrain.
Be boundless. "Don't go with the flow, you are the flow." -Sugi Tanaka
My idol doesn't smoke, drink, or party all night. And she'll be 19 in 67 days.
this is fucking amazing Haha you have some nice muscles!!!
Power lost last night. dont worry the season is young
#Diabetes is preventable. To learn more text HEALTH to 300400.
Is happy to announce an all ages show on December 11 at Ground Zero. More details to come!
dats true lol we go like we did 2day me fufu n d wit M u n Mary wit M lol shawty n da rest wit H or pops more likely pops lol
Reminiscing on the past when I was 16 & everything was so easy and simple.
I did the entire Voice Studio when it first dropped, it didn't reward me. Shows that I'm done in app, but no items?
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT..BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
ohh hiee i didnt no this was you cuz ariana is so pretty in this pic that i thought i was gonna get trapped in her gaze :D
try again. We've got a bug in the time zones, but we should be good until the real deadline now. :-)
I'm gonna go cry now :L bbl
Playing hot potato, eh?
Saturday it is I'm setting an alarm haha
Join the OCA-Endorsed National Buying Club for Organic and Non-GMO... ow.ly
Looking hard... I'll give you something to look at!
for real. Liaison and Trinniberg had no business there
i miss when i was little and i used to make forts with blankets and chairs with my friends.. haha.
#WeCantDate if u have no class
Going to bed with alot on my mind. Fuck ineeda smoke but I'm tryna quit that to -.-
keep your head up, hell of a year! They brought a lot of joy to my life this year!
watching tv && playing unoo!
Could go for some spicy shishito peppers right now
Hello Aziz. Can I please send you a Spec of P&R I wrote? No biggie. Just pdf. A current Comedy Central writer told me it is rad!
Happy birthday!
i love that you call yourself a fat ass, when you are a skinny bitch.
Mom's making meatloaf and mash potatoes I'm so fucking happy right now!
; I Hate Ugly People In My Presence
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.
- and children are too vulnerable and naive to discern this. Parents need to be discerning on behalf of their kids
That's a shame, McGehee was safe
I just swallowed a lemon pit. A tree is gonna grow out of me D;
Photography is the voice of my Soul and witness of my existence. #photgraphyis mylife
: Do you know what time you're scheduled to play tonight? Vegas club shows run notoriously late!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol its never too late..*hint hint*
Southern Comfort party at your favorite Ned Devine's beginning at 10!
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
I MISS EZRIA <3 AND RAMMIE <3 I NEED PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, & JERSEY SHORE!!!!! 2DAY AT STAPLES SAW PLL GIRLS ON POSTER AND CRIED :)
Good evening to everyone on twitter ...,Im hopeing everyone have a wonderful evening and a joyious and safe memorial day on tomorrow!!!~
I need a prom date now...
I really didn't know that Congress could LEGALLY trade on insider info. It's so crazy, I'm still having trouble accepting that it's true.
Everyone wish a very happy birthday!!!
/ I know Jeffersonville well! I grew up in Paoli. I know a few people who attend Southeast Christian.
shattered glass keeps falling
Oh girl, I wish I didn't have to leave :(
it wouldn't tho, kuz DB's run this shht and we don't get are shht mixed like vodka n oj...
Happy Father Day, to all the Father out there. Happy Father Day to my Dad, RIP. Love & miss you.
haha oh jeeze. That is a problem
Sadly I had to go back to SF friday in the afternoon :( But I encouraged my #startupweekend friends to go! Have a good one!
Angela: Siri, call my husband. Siri: Which one? Siriously?
Overheard at a #TreeofLife screening: Dude, took a tird so big today that I almost had to opt for a C-section.
yeah! Let me know when you're not busy!
OMG! KJo is so hilarious! I was laughing so hard i peed a little! You need to have her on more!!!
Same Day Raised Letter Printing. Fast. Easy and Affordable Printing. Give your Business Cards a more vibrant look.
Shaq's two questions to Z-Bo: "But really, how are you?" and "To win you need to believe: do you believe?"
I'm jazzed you came! Thx again!
I swear to god if you fuck this up for me you will regret it...
Happy mother's day to all you moms out there. I would specifically say that to my mom on here but I hope to God she doesn't read my tweets.
Doing nothing has a way of synthesizing what is really important in my life and in my work and inspires me beyond measure
No talk All walk
So I just passed a woman on a razor scooter with a dog perched on her shoulder. Yup.
Finally cancelled my second gym membership now I'm down to one...that leaves room for more right ?!!?
"Till sin be bitter, Christ will not be sweet."
Congrats to for making it official!
Monday we are going out to lunch then? :)
why u up?
I'm so bored!!!
Its weds and I have to decide if I drink fri or sat-------i just want to finish my week
Just finished working out. Now to get working on equality.
"I really feel like they could've shared the door..."
Elson! When are you going to drop by again? You should bring some friends!
haha nono i'm going back to bed (;
I had such high hopes that today would be better than yesterday... i was wrong ;(
Cheese Nips & Poppycock
Questioning this hip connection. It's most of the load. This is what I thought about while I slept last night.
Finally did it! After many complaints, I got rid of two underscores in my Twitter handle. You're welcome! :)
Happy Wednesday Columbus!
ZIMA was like the Peach Ciroc for Light Skinned Niggas in the 90's..
At Capers chillen wit da family!!!! We out here:-)
Watching The Blindside. "You will look great in Gamecock Red." Automatically thought of
sounds like you got all the food group in
Hope you visited us!
Happy Memorial Day from San Su. Drive safely today.
I love my life.
join us in 10 minutes for the Creative Animal Relief Radio show on www.blockheadradiolive.com
FOLLOW ME RETWEET
I literally had no idea what I was doing..
Lol my twitter and instagram works like 4G when im in school
he shirtless woah
The hats are insane.
On this day, in 1873 the first train robery west of the Missippi was pulled off by Jessie James.
March 4th all you can eat pancakes, eggs and bacon or sausage at Bjornson Lodge #Oakland $7
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games & myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends. My fingers hurt.
I did! Thankfully he was just trippin'. ;)
More and more lmao!! : must have been packaged too tight :)”
heya Chip! glasses in yet? Would make a great present for Javi!
Life can be a mystery - make it so, and join us for gala Edgar Awards night at the Grand Hyatt, NYC 4/26
It's funny to hear the announcer for the Grizzlies and remember that he was singing at my church this morning.
I got attacked by a shark and it ate both my hands..😒 hahaha
yeah. I'm pretty lazy when it comes to telling people to follow other people.
When that special person ignore you...... That's cool
“: "IE 1.0 was Bill Gates looking at Netscape and saying, 'Why the hell don't we have a browser?!'" - #idea10”
Can we send you fan mail to Ariana's address???
liking you is such a challenge, i don't know what to do anymore.
Photo Release -- New Fall/Winter Collection by Chicago-Based Christina Karin is Not to Be Missed
I need a nap
The Pawn Lab will be bring to you #music #news and #reviews from the states and international stay #tuned for #updated info
Going to dream the sweet dreams of a wood fire grill coming tomorrow
In a good mood today
Fill a growler and take home a complimentary bag of Uncle Buds Deep Fied Peanuts of your choice, 4 flavors.
BRING BACK ANYTOBER!
2 Motorola I1 phones are up for grabs at the #120League Scholarship benefit and Kick-off for the Latina Leadership Conference.
Paul Dolan Sues Former Partners (Wine Spectator) Former Mendocino Wine Co. executive disputes value of his share in the company
If you have tried free-SEO or paid-SEM traffic, have you tried free-VIRAL traffic? Tell me...
Have you heard our benefit CD for ? BradPaisley ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow etc great local project!
Please ask Don if he'd like to go to lunch with me.
DO YOU GUYS LIKE OREOS?!!!
And for the record I agree with Pacquiao.
Off to Kolstein's Holiday Party 2day w/Sean 2 have a mini-play. Lots of bass cats will B there. Should B a blast!
It'll be fun, they said... We won't get caught they said...
The risk of premature death among uninsured Americans is 25 percent higher than among Americans with health insurance.
“: FB and Twitter is now "traditional new media" Guess that's what 30 somethings get for our love hate relation with the computer
Happy birthday to the very handsome
A7: Have impact and leverage your power to alter, change, and improve situations.
Going to get my Yorkie!! Any names?
"How many eye lashes do you have again? Like 2 right?" says
Watching 60 Minutes on CNBC with Viggle Wed | 12AM | CNBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Getting ready to do stuff on my day off!
#come on wales
does my hair look okay?
very impressive tea and chocolate pairing today during the holiday tea seatings at Bloomsbury Tea Room, Capitola, CA. We love Bloomsbury!
“: The moment a girl says I'll never find a good guy and inside your like ME YOU STUPID GIRL!!! #malepains” Again.
something! I was thinking something to do with the "last batch" of food. #outoftheboxthinking :)
Orlando--E21 Latin America cabinet--great team--working on future strategies--one is joint conf. With Luis Palau 2012!
In Memphis. Just had some classic memphis bbq for lunch, now study hall for the boys, and practice in a couple hours.
GS also does not practice Due to his Foot problem But i want to see sasha p. Do work in the playoffs
Wow, a yahoo…that's a badge I'd wear with honor.
Hoes our like condoms either they on ur dick or in ur pocket
Everytime I go out my way to help otha ppl dats wen shit fa me get bad fa no reason..
Staci with an i. No e. #NotThatAnyoneNoticedButMe #YouRock ~Not loving the green though.
He would be eligible next year.
And, either instagram doesn't remember that I follow people, or I forget that I randomly unfollow people... Idk why that happens.
#lineoftheday - Cosco keep the cost low!
always wanted them never thought I could touch my eyes lol thats a cool color ! But your real color is better ! :D
but sucks cuz you'll be at work and i wont be able to get to talk to u :( lol
My wife makes the best banana pudding!
Thank you so much Lynita for sharing your story! So wish you could have gotten our training b4 leaving that area of the field!
I love airport people watching. Why do so many women wear heels that they can't even walk in?
So do that dance in the dark and bite as hard as you want.
it's only Thursday lol. I'm writing an article for me editor then hitting the gym. Trying to stay awake right now tho.
yup...Peyton probably thinks im crazy... :\ ha
Starting a 10 day Metabolic Detoxification today!! I'm kinda excited and then NOT SO MUCH.... Hopefully I will survive! >:/
Providing support to clients in Boston, San Diego, Harrisburg, and Austin for starters today.
I'm bringing cinnamon loaf, yo!
Really? POTUS can't just go off to Afghanistan on a whim???
the definition before that was 1 white man, 1 white woman. so changing that part is ok, but not allowing YOU
One Direction <3333333
i took a xanax. :-P
looking for affordable commercial loft spaces in NYC - thought I should reach out to you!
I want to think that all of the conflicting symptoms on this schizophrenia ad are accidents... But they're appealing to my other self. # ...
Thank you!:)
>>Work Flows = Cash Flows!<<
Slow accidents happen.
More Insiders Buying at Maxwell Technologies (Updated)
no worries. just came up in my broken link checker. good luck with the fix.
African babies with aids and no parents RT : Nothing sadder than seeing someone using an iPhone with a cracked screen.
We will never get along... Something about you just bothers me! 
There's way more space in my room after having unpacked & cleaned everything
Good Morning Milwaukee!! Have a wonderful week :)
Happy HaLLoWeEN from AZHG!!!! MUuuahhHaahHaaa >:^D
Furniture shopping is exhausting. Lessons learned: seeing it in person is way better than online / brochure.
I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life.
It's "oh, i want to DANCE with somebody" not tonsil hockey. RT I want to kiss someone for about 25 minutes.
Final #heartofasoldier tonight ...Seeing it off...
Wish someone would introduce him to other goal cellys. There are OTHER ones.
Tonights gunna be sick! Looking forward to a great evening! 12 stories up!
what's over under on when he is gone? June 1st?...can't see him here later than that
Great weather coming this weekend. Lets get that spring cleaning started by power washing your garage and driveway.
Thank you for the follow!
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !((:
cheat day tomorrow!!! Gotta re-read the "tips".
thanks Marianne! We'll have to celebrate our good fortune together when you're back.
We have a TON of daily deals up today, including one for in #uptown. Now I have to decide if I want to cut my hair again!
Rum Rice Pudding - Huffington Post
Life's amazing and yet so sweet in the most absolute creepy and maybe disgusting of ways.
I just need to not replace it with coffee and it'll be a healthier choice for me too!
interesting egg hunt idea. so kids just found the problems & answered them or what?
John Cena calling Johnny Ace a douchebag has been the only good thing about his promo thus far.
Will you be sharing anything in writing about #EdCafes? I'd love to learn more about it!
Any businesses looking for promotion and to be in our first episode contact us today. We're spotlighting companies in South Jersey.
My guilty TV pleasure...#IceLovesCoco. Please don't tell anyone. :)
Thanks to and for the t-shirt RT love!
If isn't home in 30 minutes he's Dropped.
As a long time Cubs fan, it's hilarious seeing what some of these people are throwing at you.
Do you use any of the eBay apps? Would love to hear what you think!
I swear this shit feels like an illusion
I'm a few short- until tomorrow. ;) RT : don't you just have a full set of dentures by now?
no that's alright, hopefully I wake up early.. thanks though.
that's a great attitude! It's so true for life in general. Thank you and good luck!
Well, that hurt.
wanna bet!?!
Sitting on 'WikiLeaks & the age of transparency' from Personal Democracy Forum
We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the World Dance Forget about the price tag.. (:
Happy Mothers Day♥
The laundry soap my dad used to wash my clothes smells like fucking sex. This stuff is god.
See u work at hardees super size # 2 hurry up im starvin narly radical Haha gucci gucci by kreayshawn
I had to stop reading the comments. My eyes started to bleed
Going school :/
In laws are in District 2... by way of The Capitol. I'm just referring to the US in Panem terms from now on.
you want the dick;)
Glad everything went well!
This isnt about being with other people.. It's about doing good things for myself.
#Knicks need to stop relying on Melo for everything! Other players have to step up! Lets go! Dont give up on this series!
s l o w ' the picture you took of me & ___ Saturday night downtown ' * remember lol
Mort says #Manning to
Sprint is still not working for me. Doesn't even show the Sprint network in the upper left.
don't listen to ...start your tambo preparations... and get touring chops ready... bus rolls out in the fall
I'm Ron Burgandy. Stay classy San Diego?
Come see the second viewing of our new show, Straight 2 DVD, this Saturday at the Box (2nd and Gold) at 9pm!
hey,:P i had to use tgis account cos i got tweet limit on the other xD but anyways, i DMed you(: ill talk to u thru there
Wow. What do they do with the leftover one? RT : There are 2 trophies. one at City-QPR and another at Sunderland-United
is at the CHSA convention brushing up on Voice tx skills! All day CEU then reuniting w/ old classmates!
Thanks. I owe all the credit for how awesome my profile pic looks to
awesome new years tour! Mom says thank you for being so gracious when she needed a chair! "hope they didn't think I'd croak!"
I was behind you and the first one closed on me Haha
hey what's up?
shut up with the whole "im over you" "i dont care" bullshit. If you still tweet about him,you still care.
woo 30 days of yoga.i go to corepower and they have free weeks for new people and 3 free classes a week for everyone.
why not??
Looking forward to meeting at tomorrow. #sixseasonsandamovie ;)
#Oomf is my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness.
Was your vote today? Our polls closed at 9. RT : What's the verdict on the budget?
you were wrong, i followed
I could so see that in the next Chloe Sevigny x Opening Ceremony collection.
Don't miss out....Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Antonia Lawrence, Jose Dugand, Cape First Worship & many more!
- just watching ur reel from Hottie & Nottie...haha! Really great. I worked 1 day on ur film Process of Creative.... :-)
Last night was fun. Had a good time with my friends. Gotta do it again sometime.
Good Morning All!#good morning
I hope our project is due friday.
I do not like pop-punk. At all.
thanks for the follow and the support Steven which team do you play for? if you are in the chi check out
Or I've just seen _Repulsion_ too many times
Watched and the Umbrella Man and play a great show tonight at the D&W.
Come try a Root Beer Float Cupcake on us! That's right - for FREE! Let us know what you think. (Limit one per person while they last.)
Are you always a hose bag or is this something new for you? ()
Don't you hate it when you're trying to do laundry at a Red Roof Inn but the washer is being monopolized by a meth witch?
Back to day job this morning; would rather be home writing.
Hm, gotta think about that.
Hubby has off work tomorrow. Are you available to have lunch with us and Ava?
u need people in ur life who will tell u the truth in love. There are some things in ur life u will never change without the help of others.
Hi Robin!! I would love to! Is it am or pm? If its pm and I'm still in, it would be tough. :(
I really wish I had number. </3
puppies dressed as cats!!!!!
Dhisx bxtch pebbles ah sore loser.
I wish i was Katniss even if her life sucked. You wanna know why? She had Peeta. Peeta, Peeta, Peeta! Im in love with a fictional character.
I put my Oral-B toothbrush thru the dishwasher and it came out like new!
Oh god I'm crying already
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named "Ego".
Bush already had agreement in place with parties ageed on withdrawal date of 12/31/11. Could extend if agreeable.
BECAUSE YOUR SONG IS AWESOME I LOVE IT<33333333333
Still waiting... it's getting excruciating. I'm hoping we'll leave Cali in late Dec./early Jan. and arrive in DC in late Jan.
SERIOUSLY epic! The production for this tour and show will be amazing! And that's just a tease ;)
I'll be your host over at WFNY this weekend. so if any of you sports writers have links that need linking, you let me know.
So. What's up?
At least it's high carb day and arm day at the gym.
glad ur here!
I don't kno if ur friend would like that...lol
yup you definitely win that one.
Look out for him on the RT : awwready thanx finna check that out!!! sosa doin his thing he gunna be a star!
no bro. I got'em on speed dial
The Oklahoma Thunder is essentially made up of all Big 12 players. Pretty fun to watch.
Yeah, and its currently unavailable at Amazon. =)
But I still enjoyed myself sitting here laughing at ppl wit
you can tho
What an amazing night last night.
Is this an OTC support?
mine too!
Is it me or is the #maskedmamba about to go in on these fools!
": Ok enough about the fckin Titanic...ruining my primetime tv sess"... I hear DAT!
The best times in my life Ive never been soo Happy but on the otherwise feel empty theres something missing man tryna figure out what it is
You're welcome. Remember, you're a very special person. God loves you and I do too! (Hugs and smiles)
We cleaned and stocked our pantry.
NEVER TOUCH THE HORSE IN SUMMERTIME...that is all.
STEP YOUR GAME UP!!! Street Beauty Entertainment is the Way!!!!!!
Join me tonight at The : "Teen Researcher: Discovering A New Treatment for Ovarian Cancer" 5:45pm Networking/6:30pm Presentation
I think the price is right on.
exactly--- a BUSINESS helps you get out of debt and helps you build wealth! with a job, your salary remains stagnant (mostly).
I'm tall.....with my stilettos on. Mile high!
Just noticed that it's almost 12 ! Well night guys <3
#SomePeopleDont know the diffrence between making love and having sex
Hey, Richard Marx only goes to the dentist to be reminded that he once had hit songs...
Taking train to work and the lights dramatically went out. I always think of the video for "Existentialism on Prom Night" when that happens.
Thanks Janie..no more burgering... The radio needs me!! haha
we'll see you next time!
I've heard about Weaver. I may have to download this one!
I go to takoma park, they ask me 'have you hugged a tree lately?' I say 'what?!!' can you repeat the question? lol
Leave Wandy in the game and if he gets in trouble call on your horse. Always get beat we your best pitch and Wandy was that pitch.
Hey Ray!! Good to see you! Tour is starting! ALBUM GOES ON PRE SALE THIS MODAY :) tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Great to be at Thursday night football
don't be shy,just follow me! plz ;)
": The past can't be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted."
RT : Truth hurts, but lies are worst
I miss
That awkward moment when your gf and her dad are talking about her having a baby and him raising it
Also, I imbibed garlic at breakfast. Don't ask me why. If I breathe on you or in your general direction today, I apologize in advance.
#YouWasSexyUntil u did ur make up...
Would you stay on the fone with one of your followers for 5 hours strait??
Seadle, digital archiving relies too much on marketing claims and insufficient data, more research needed
To be honest n shit I. Don't like lil wayne
whats your url?
Thanks for the happy birthday!! On to the next one!
rocks my socks off <3.
are u serious did amy winehouse die forreal???
'morning Fort Wayne! We've got a special this weekend. Try an iced vanilla soy chai for 25% off when you mention this tweet to your barista!
My license has been suspended for the 4th time smh
Traffic this morning?
: I am at home, but I plan to do Good News in Africa plz get me funding & ticket call Congress women Lee!
is just Awesome. The shitty must be silent
I blame , disney for my high expectations of love .
LOL, I have everything but the title. We used to not stack boxes in heavyweight but we are condensing the international flights.
#ohsnaps! i remember that. He really disappointed me bro. Well we live and learn. How are them dumas boys doin?
i understand it now! i95 has absolutley nothing to do with philly.... woot.
RT Sex is better when your in Love..
giving Hootsuite a try...
i need to know when Justins coming to Boston
You do the same! Hope you have a great day with friends and family.
New at TLV – Wine Tasting every day! 5-7pm. Three wines, $5 dollars, no rsvp – stop by to find a new favorite. Today: Wednesday Whites!
Sam wells is so weird
I feel ya but females are worse they want a nigga to have everything they ain't then use the word ours...
#Women's Initiative is busy planning the spring event! Tuesday, April 24, Notre Dame Academy. Mark your calendars!
great to see you, too! can't wait to see your photos and excited to hear your thoughts on the MkIII!
up in 30 minutes!!
Oh gosh I need to find the answers for my final !!
you should come hang out at Los Alamos... You'd be awesome here...
people were questioning it, idk why.....?
no promises.
not yet!! Soon though i hope!!! :]
: Me too :) Happy new year, Vic
Game over, way to go Packers!!!
the Badwater Ultra Marathon,
No need to apologize. The wanton destruction of property is destructive to both sides regardless of who the perpetrators are.
I'm glad my interview style appeals to our audience ;) cc
Dear 270 drivers... The Quebec ramp is a double turn lane... Not a triple turn... Idiots
First you have to make it, then you have to master it, then you can matter...Daymond John
#ThingsIHate unreliable people..
Can I show you mine?
Funny that time warner goes down in the middle of discussions for new service. Reminds me why I should talk to others.
you and i love this song :)
I wonder if in toy story, Andy's mom has toys of her own with the same name as woody and buzz
Jarrett: accreditation/certification is the last refuge of scarcity-driven model of higher ed, and even that is being challenged
okay boo
Ridicule is the Burden of Genius. - Daffy Duck
Taking a shower and hanging with my franndzzzzz. <3
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
lol, who told you that !!
And what gives you the right to kill a young black male when they did nothing to you? I swear society is just Fucked up.
Bad day
That's a good call. I need to look into that myself!
morning to u too
Thanks :) RT : Thank you and for the fun times last eve. Congrats on the new work.
i wanna burn the fat off my thighs but it'll take years cos im a fat shit.
is the big ten going to play half court basket ball at the rec center this season too? I am sure izzo would love that
Social networking is falling off imo
the only 3 things I have ready so far: 15 pairs of panties, instant coffee, &hand sanitizer💁
I'm listening mgk, wild boy hahahaha :)
I'm still "Mad at Miles." RT : And a Miles Davis stamp is coming this summer!
I knw that's right....I just started my own business, it just might be a good fit for you.
just discovered the Blackboard WebDAV folder is the easiest way for me to transfer files between my iPad and computer....love it!
awesome ! I will see you guys next Wednesday for bike class :) bringing my boyfriend, too :)
I miss seeing you, but I hope that all is well with your family and with teaching!
Respect my mind, Respect My click
Sometimes doing the right thing isn't always the most popular thing to do but "its the right thing to do".
I'm quite proud of the fact that I live my life without much drama!
lol are you seeing the financial collapse of those counties. Wake up and be real. ,)
Alhamdulillah I don't have to give khutbah today, which means I get to go listen to my beloved Mawlana 'Abdur Raheem Tahir Bandwi (db) :)
Kareem has opened a business center -- copies, computer use by the hour (a MAC, no less) and he'll even give you business advice!
hey vic can u follow me plz it would mean the world for me all for me plz!!!!!
Oh yes, you were. And talked about in such a good way. I'd have loved it if you could have been there.
just finished a run in "The Piano Lesson" & just got casted today in a play called "Freedom Summer" & working on v/o spots
Golden Globe and Oscar buzz for The Help. After all these years it's great to see the Beatles movie get the recognition in deserves.
Oh Lord, someone save me!
Looks don't really matter 2 me. Someday when I find Mr.right He just has to have a good <3 n have God in his life.
that sucks
Wow seriously. says that the LGBT community does not need protection from discrimination.
I've been doing laundry all day today -_-
I'm Celebrating my Birthday at KlubCirok on Dec. 10 and its goin to be A Saggitarius Bash!!
The child is going on a field trip tomorrow via sf public transportation. They don't need no stinkin' yellow buses. Nervous.
do let me know!
love watching Amy & adam on screen and online.
wtf!! my profile is laging i am following 36 ppl and it says only 27 and i got 4 followers and it says only 1?!?!? jeez twitter is off today
good!(: but I'm kinda depressed.. the person that's suppose to bully me next year, decided not to try out.... </3
Payback is a bitch
I like your way of thinking.
After 3 days and 3,000 mostly throwaway words, i have finally solved the first 2 paragraphs of this chapter.
Oh Jeeze. Family Drama.
Just got the nights pressure washing done before the rains got hard in Las Vegas, now time to wind down
God's faithfulness is so true, what He is doing at is a perfect reflection.
now are u not wrapping gifts at barnes and nobel 'cause u are busy wrapping kittens and dogs and what not?
This series is getting god! Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
well who wouldn't! So energetic!!
is a breath of fresh air. A great way to close a great day.
Creation science bill passed 8-2
LOL it got beyond real lol, ppl were really ready to fight at Sherita's house
If she baked cookies, but they are for her "guy friend"... #ThatBitchIsTheDevil and
do you have a link ? :) i haven't listened to it :c
I've gone too far to come back from here. But you don't have a clue. You don't know what you do to me. -
was hoping that piece would have a section on patterns of first world guilt and shock. Or, the excuse of shock.
RT : The documentary The Interrupters is amazing.
Is attending SCBWI MIAMI in Jan 2012!
Refs just cost the #Bulls the game.
|#quotes Sometimes, we just don't know enough about what we are trying to achieve.
i wouldve done anything to see ryan broyles in a browns jersey next season 😭
crowdsourcing is great til some monolith monetizes it and makes it just another form of labor to entrap naive people to earn for them
Good morning handsome♥
Wow i lost it after my match tonight. 😭The tennis girls are my sisters!!!! 💗
inspiration>idea>work>art>make money>repeat if necessary
that awkward moment when my mom brings over her boyfriend of the week...
such a headache D;
oh why didn't you just say that before! And by the way it's more like "Oh Lawd Jeesus there's a farr"
just brought timmy ho's - savior. the luminaries are being lit.
Can`t believe George Lindsey has passed - RIP Goober.
Fun day at the Walters in Baltimore.
I love you all.
perhaps i spoke too soon...RT Really, Saturday? Say It Ain't Snow - As of Wednesday afternoon, there's a "pretty good chance"
What don't break an ese', make an ese' Me.....cuz I ain't no n!99a =)
its blowen me that some girls keep coming at me and they aint doin shyt with they life if u rollen dont go smack if u got a nigga respect
My tweet just showed up on USEF Network. Holy crap.
I'm really glad we had that talk.
Yall already know how I do , it's like a holiday !! Lol
Im so ready 4 teen wolf RT IF U R TOO ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Hey what's going on?
#39 Bro, if your having a hard time focusing on God it's because your too much in the world, under His wings He is all you can see.
so anybody have good reason to hit batter ever?
no, I got it. I chose to ignore it because I'm nice like that lol
SHUT. UP. Why do you have the coolest life ever!? Was she nice!?
So The Avengers was really good! I know enjoyed it.
I'm honored! :)
Dry Fly Distilling has a nice 100% Washington Wheat whiskey.
great day today! stay positive!
Would be so awesome!! The script is being worked on so I know it'll be a couple of months before anything is announced
I love it
we are rolling out a few people/activities/steps at a time and have found it to be very kid/user/teacher friendly.
Gotta go to the Jim
get some good rest, amigo :)
are you looking for any jr copywriters??
how do you feel about your new nfl record.. first int of a grandpa! lol! great job! WHO DAT!!
oh Mos Def I completely understand. Just thinking ahead. It's a dope thought you know? I just hope we get around to it someday
Be listening to Generations about 7:15 for a conversation with John Morgan of the famous smoking and weightloss seminar, why do they work?
If I remember😳
We're excited to lead worship today at the Internatinal Baptist Church in Bremen Germany at 4pm! Come out if your anyplace close!
Hey Zombie, what are you doing to do for your next Shakespeare production? Inquiring minds want to know!
its Okay, I Don't Really Have One Either. |;<
is filling up at Von King for Jon B and Olivia! Show starts at 7!
yeah, that was the comment
i have a hawt new follower. :)
RT IF YOU NEED TICKETS TO MY CONCERT?(:
apologies joe - i forget you're not on facebook. (In fairness, you probably should be) League: Home Nation Truths. PIN: 4598
Happy friday the 13th. peeps.
So I was just watching and realized I AM THE 40-YEAR OLD VIRGIN EXCEPT NOT QUITE 40 YET
oh wow rush is apologizing for stooping to the level of liberals and/by using inappropriate words. "its important to not be like them."
Yeah! I love Ed Sheeran!! He is amazing and has an amazing voice off mic! I would die if I met him LOL! :D
Alternator broke on bus. NO AC. We are developing some toughness!
Would it bring us any closer...
“: Shout out to keeping it real down in Miami”
80% of organizations use some form of Market Pricing bit.ly/nIwp4j
Run with the pack or face the wolves
nope, im at home but im about to go pick up my prom dress
why aren't you following me anymore dick!!!
Really liked the pear port and ginger cookie And id put curry dark chocolate with that raspberry merlot!
ask them if they were on the Titanic
Miles Davis: play the silences, not the notes. ~ John Kao #astd2012 {brilliant}
Brunch prior to 1 pm home games-check out the expanded menu and grab your Clipper passes w/out standing in line.
CNBC reporting a done deal in Europe. Are you a believer or not? Euro up to: 1.42. Time to start bashing the US markets.
Forevs. RT : Always my pleasure. Glad D + N were able to toast style. CFF's stick together.
Also remember they can not fix SICK either...
me too. See you soon.
i still don't have a phone
RT : If you’re not living life on the edge, you’re taking up too much space. Anonymous
my mom doesn't like what he's doing to the laptop either
Hey Parker Polidor of Cell Journalist is in the house..
how are you feeling? Has your dad changed his mind?
Now, that's a hoot right there!
you are so volatile hobbs! Tell your doc to subscribe to your twitter feed. This may help with the diagnosis! :)
Tuesday is Betty Whites 90th B-day I want to wish her a very happy one.
Hard to say goodbye
Oh both of those are new to me! Off to check them out now!
You can thank the Twitter bug for that "unfollow"...no idea.
Great seeing you last Monday in NYC! I wish you happy holidays and great next year! Karel
Yes! Did you not receive the email from them? They cc'd you on the acceptance! I'll forward it to you again.
"The new iPad." I fucking love it. It's like we all named it. "Hey, did you see the new iPad yet?"
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great week.
Why am I tired soo early? Well Goodnight world.♥
Anbody know of local stores where I can buy sealing wax? Or is online order the only means?
"Do you only got Diet Coke man?" / "We got Coke Zero I think." / "Nah fuck that shit, that's even diet-er."
give me a call next time u r in Memphis. I have a few great songs to give to you!!
I'm glad to hear everything went well. Can't wait to see the pics! Maybe you should shoot me and Dan!!!
Wait a minute...you're not a man too right? -_- RT : lol im aware. guess i wont text first either! good idea :p
mhmmm, all of that! Hahaha. Seriously tho, I miss that shit. Good laughs man 
are you sure?
So at last, all the pictures have been burnt. And all the past, is just a lesson that we've learned. I wont forget, please dont forget..
Its our year lets do it
he would like never notice. He doesn't me anyways
Boldin u got make that catch.....
Only you and God know the truth of why you only call monthly, barely ever saw me.
I guess I meant nothing to you .___. </3
Accelerating progress on national launch. Several things in work at once. PR kit, web revision, new IP, etc. Updates coming.
GRIT will get you where you want to go with your long-term goals. Befriend this tendency.
Thanks for the video! It actually looks ok on the 10 inch screen
haha that's cool!
trying to be as smart as our team... I'm just an old skool hack at this point "vi+/etc/fstab" vi "manifest" my religion wins ;-)
When stupid people decide to stop right the middle of the hall to hug. MOVE BITCH.
Call (773) 663-4082 to learn about our home remodeling layaway plans, as well as our senior citizen discounts!
Um...If anyone has any helpful hints on how to "de-nog" those eggs I' be much appreciative.
still inclined to think the revolution will begin when boomers quit analyzing and defining the next generation FOR them.
So stoked about our tasting tomorrow!
The next chapters of my life I Will not be where I'm at now. So help me God!!!!
No or today!? Sucks but thank god we got
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
Lolz, why are you thanking me?
Hey Jenny =) Aw thank you for that sweet hello. I really appreciate it. I hope all is well with you & you're having a great day
Chea, I'm down!
That was very fitting for the memorandum
Let's go #Brewers!
Starving mothers and children in Somalia and Kenya is an African problem that needs immediate attention from concerned Africans. Act now!
It was an awesome seat. And if I leaned forward really far, I could even see the back of the President's head.
#padcampli about to start!
One day, Terry Richardson will shoot me. It will be as iconic as Marilyn Monroe's signature pose.
no not yet but sure wish i would. hehe!
Damn its humid outside.
#EBUS118 Mention me in a Tweet about this eBusiness Principles class you are taking - remember to include #EBUS118 for trending
Happy New Year Fam!
They're in bronze and have been since season one and they win three matches in a row and they think they're Naniwa.
Thanks for the info, I'll have to share that with my students after Easter break.
I'm happy that I've avoided NYC's coffee shops for at least two days. Do I hear three? That would be awesome.
I will keep you in my prayers.
I've been supporting them for 8 years and never seen them finish outside the top 4. it'll be weird assuming it happens
Processed and canned fruits do not have as much fiber as fresh fruit and they are nearly always sweetened
That's an oldie, but I love it.
Mason temple
Sitting around, its 2am and then, in dead silence the beach boys starts to play outside. People in my neighborhood are fucked in the head.
Also, type 5 reasons why you're awesome with attached stories/examples
RT : It bothers me when people say Reese's like Reeseeeee's peanut butter cups. There is only one e!
just followed you on tumblr ;)
(bryan) Great coffee with yesterday. So much happening in this industry, so quickly.
"Hey mum can I call you right back? I think I'm going to poop my pants" - Happy Mothers Day
A belated thank you for the RT!
#BizDen2012 is completely sold out! Looking forward to an amazing event next week...bring your biz cards too! #GoEntrepreneurs! :)
Of. That's a good question. Let me know what you hear!
His Take on Her won Best Regional Short Film at SENE!!
Palomar Card Club's evidence hearing in front of the state Gambling Commission is scheduled for Oct. 15-19, and Oct. 22-23.
Yankees loose! Go Rangers!
it's 12 at the doors, but 16 at South Park Mall. Are you still going???
I have a feeling my sexual frustration will be at all time high after I watch this vid. your fault ;)
Joe Cortez has ref'd at all the big ones. Didn't think he'd let things get out of hand.
Deltona, Sanford, Winter Springs, Winter Park, and Orlando...it begins any minute
Hi twitter fam! Its been a while but im back at least 4 the moment. Gdmorning everybody!!! :)
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it. W. C. Fields
NEW GATE HOURS @ CROWN HILL - 38th St. & Clarendon Rd. gate closes @ 6 pm; 34th St. & Boulevard Pl. stone gate will continue to close @ 5pm.
you never did!
Great interview of one of my heroes, thanks Jim!
your so mean to me -_-
yes, or they could turn into orphan works, which need to be adopted into the bigger community.
Never been to #wwdc but there's a first time for everything :)
#spheroMEGA I'm in love!
GIRL : If we become engaged will you give me a ring??BOY : Sure, what's your phone number??
what the h*** i am trying to send a tweet to my friend and it keeps sending to other ppl
“: I need to visit you soon. I haven't been in so long :(” we can't wait to see you.
Ugh... Kids back soon. Better get back to writing. #amwriting Going to buy your book, Jael!
If you have connections to free or discounted food you should start calling my your girlfriend now(; #amireallyputtingthisontwitter?
court today, filing motions, and representing Middle TN with high qualityn professional legal counsel. Call me today (615) 250-8000
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chili
What kind of a fucking person knocks your door at 5 in the morning looking for drugs??????? Dear god that was creepy!
Pamela Shifman, Dir of Initiatives for Girls and Women, NoVo Foundation is testifying.
Just played with Manning as a Bronco in #Madden13. It felt weird seeing Manning in the huddle of someone besides the Colts.
It's baffling when you care more about your workplace than your own manager does.
I hate A lunch
Great back to school today-____-
Judi Dench - how cool is that? I'm sure you impressed the hell out of her! :)
The Avengers was AWESOME! And yes you had to be a comic book geek to get the tease. Guilty as charged!
Dude, that Kart video was awesome! You should buy it :)
Filed for unemployment. The most adult thing I've done so far in my life.
Took a poll on days/times to come in for Spring Break office hours. Came in when they asked. 2 out of 3 hours done. Tally: one withdraw slip
": Happy birthday !!! I hope your day is wonderful! :) :) love u!" Thanks sweet girl!!! :)
Follow me don't be such a holy fool. I'm serious follow me.. Just kidding.
Cool, Pinterest has an analytics service. awesome. I like the 'Best of' listing.
There's a bug on my windshield...
: Off to see featuring
Not over yet
I have a promo clip coming next week for the new video (:
didn't realize the uk d-line was that thin at the 2 deep.
Met a girl today who is good friends with wynston Marshall..Mumford and sons banjo player.
let me know when you are coming to NYC!!!
One of the best predictors of insomnia later in life is the development of bad habits from having sleep disturbed by young children
Character, preferably sci-fi or comic book, that you'd like to see me draw, and GO!
Unintentionally means Honest. So true, good one greg keep pushing that!
Tax return didnt come today like it was supposed to but cant focus on negatives when there's endless possibilities around me
Rick, if JFK's speech made you wanna puke, imagine how we feel listening to you.
Thanks for the heads up on the migration. We are heading back to the original handle, but it's been renamed AMOA_Arthouse
4k left, on dinner break, blinds are 150/300, 25 ante when we come back.
what kind of sandwich is that!!!!?
Camp Cheerful Campers are getting pumped up for the race! This year’s 100 meter dash is going to be the best one yet.
Do not ask Milton about his knee unless you are willing to cross the rocky river barefoot.
who cares about KU! Let's talk Royals!
Are you an Entrepreneur with a business or a J.O.B.(Just Over Broke)?Learn how to make your business work without you.Join The next ActionCl
Very excited for your visit as well Please greet your fellow members for me #AIGAStout I am preparing gifts!
Ah time travel books! I think I may have to work through both of these.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <333333
Love these Thursday nights when Eddie Money's greatest hits are on shuffle. Two tickets baby!
Love them too! Chk out quinoa salad w/ these at
Coming November 8... Christmas graphic and font packages! We'll also be offering a custom ad design service, too!
Theres a beautiful baby on this flight with his whole life ahead of him. :)
The Black Male Identity Project will have story tellers @ today's FREE show @ 5:30 in Center Plaza. Our theme is "Scaling the Mountain".
Chandler deffinatly has my vote for VP!
The best inspiration comes from within!!! Get Inspired!!! Do something GREAT!
And I forgave you right away for what you said about me last September, so why can't you forgive me?
where you moving to?
Totes. Then, whatever I reference I usually think is important. That is, important enough to reference. Hehe.
Yeah, the days I sit at the computer all day and don't run, I'm miserable. Connected, but miserable, haha
So hungry!!!
I've had it with Omaha Hi/Lo! Tired of spitting pots, & too hard to scoop. Think i'll stick with Pot Limit Omaha and Holdem & take it all!
I think it flows better & ends with more pizazz.
Csikszentmihalyi wins the award for Info Behavior Theorist with the Hardest Name to Spell. Let's hope this isn't on the midterm.
I think I'm getting sick again. Do you see what happens when I take the subway??
by all mean please do, and I may be there to drop some stuff off so you can use a live example, lol
Babysitting Gage and Kolten soon. Love my cousins. :)
damn someone knows
Man!Why did they put a hot dog & French fry spot right next to the dance studio! Come out after a great work out wantin' chili cheese fries!
#SotellMewhy Niggas still lie to women. its only a little of us left after deaths and prison...they pretty much have to deal with our shit!
u must be bored in the waiting room... But ill go to jail with u.
O NOES! I still follow you, tho. Weird glitch?
P.O.D., Emery, HEAD, War of Ages, Da'Truth, Run Kid Run, DJ Promote and more...D.C. Spring Jam Fest 2011...May 14th...itickets.com...
some jerk who clearly doesn't understand the title Ms. I-Do--Big-Things! Miss you boo! We need a phone date soon!
That being said, It's a celebration! Enjoy yourselves! I'm officially out of pocket until Wednesday. Romance time ;-)
HSBC Business Direct makessimple B2B global wire transfers
MT Texas has gone 6-1-1 in the Lone Star Showdown since State Farm started paying us to keep score.
Who currently holds assit. record?
#ImHappyWhen i'm creating!!!
Love this time of year: no temperature difference between the interior of El cars and outside. Seamless transition
Because it's not ever enough, so why try?
Nice. I am going for that look. Bring on the bronzer! Okay well my skin is alabaster so....maybe not so much.
GREAT ? RT How is it that possessing Christlike love has never been considered the central test of orthodoxy?- Greg Boyd
At first people go crazy with #foursquare, but as they start to use it, they tone down.
say good night shawn! ;)
I'm just going to throw this out there: Jenna Bush Hager IS Anastasia Steele.
I get high,
In a synopsis of my novel about New Orleans hookers during WWI, I use the phrase "eponymous bordello." Good God...
Apparently some people still send out game requests on Facebook
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40!.
Excited to visit the alma mater () on Friday!
I ur gonna come back to wrestling. ur gonna come back and help vince mcmahon regain his power.
damn u sexy
what's a good place to eat on beach?
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV11 Mine.... Laser Sharp Focus for the next 18 months. Yours.....?
thanks for adding us!
Champions baby! #8!
There goes the neighborhood. Congrats!
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a fantastic start to the weekend. We can't wait to see you all tomorrow night at Grim's Roadhouse!
I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep everyone's expectations. - Bill Watterson
Nice.. if Ted is on sax it's gotta be good :-D
AMEN!!! RT I don't want Rush Limbaugh to apologize. I want him to go away.
Can't wait to introduce D.C. audiences to and the other dancers tonight at the Jack Guidone
thanks Norris
Tomorrow's excitement involves looking for our Cocoanut Grove fire records for a possible commemoration for its upcoming 70th anniversery.
those days happen. Mine was yesterday and it wasn't dresses, but hard drives. :)
RT : Carter 4 was trash nigga : Let's Go Lake Show!!! We need Shaq bak man.
im not the only badguy here miss not single, plus u forgot about tomorrow :/
FOLLOWING YOU FOLLOWING ME
Tomorrow, the weather should be wonderful at the Lake Anne Plaza in Reston, VA. Hot Club of DC (HC/DC) will be there from 7pm to 9pm.
. will interview #Egypt blogger on Monday. Tweet your questions to #askaam and watch to see if they're included!
Turns out that I can't DM you because we are not following each other. Our email is dzian [dot] music [at] gmail. Let's chat!
If you put Quick or Lundqvist on either of these teams, it would be so unfair.
humanities must take the high road, or must fight back, or must attach themselves to authority figures or rival bullies, etc.
them haterz get tossed
I'm going on a diet forsurre.
Have to question the loyaltyRT:OSU fans on Urban Meyer: I hope he's solved health issues. That's why he left Florida, Right?
She's getting used to it but we just started rather recently, so nothing as fancy looking as on your blog!
had a gf and she wasnt even dat pretty! But i got to hang out With Jason and like talk to him allday and hang out and he gave me his #!...
Interesting social media discussion at Arts Roundtable meeting right now
I Believe I Can Fly;
Recipes For Real Men The best cookbooks
what spot r u guna be at at navy peir cuz I no the perfect spot
TONS OF SPECIALS TODAY just in time for the HOLIDAYS!!! Buy a Santa Bag for $39.99 and receive ONE MONTH FREE in the 60 booth!
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help.
Hey Lilliy! Thanks for the RT. How's the hummus biz?
I love all mahomies. Doesnt matter if your new or old. The point is, we all <3 him, & thats the only thing could ask for.
Sin Cara going too win
just woke up from my much needed nap since appearanly wednesday is the new night to get balls out drunk.
I actually took it very easy all weekend... Nice to relax!
This week is going to go by so fast! Then it's already #May! YES!
When I heard the premise of the Hunger Games, all I could think is that I've read at least half a dozen fanfics with the same plot.
All I can think about is how wasted im gonna be at breakfast club this weekend
Just wrapping up some email so I can head downtown for SxSW Interactive - Yeah!
Spoelstra at the podium!!
Thanks for the follow, like your hat.
"to the window, to the lake!"
Did you know says, Twenty percent of women have libidos higher than the average guy.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How to Develop Link Marketing Ideas
its fine.
Welp I know I'm not waking up in a good mood I'm all up eating cake an ish!
wow! that's a beautiful picture
I'm thankful to God for blessing me inspite of myself. I surely don't deserve it.
If niggas was really about it ya niggas wouldnt get down with sets, ya would be about it just alone cause niggggga you was born alone ! Foh
I thought migrating WordPress was supposed to be easy? What a pain in the ass this is turning out to be.
Also, first cousins can marry. That somehow doesn't threaten the sanctity of non-related marriage though.
RT “: Someone come give me a head massage. Lol wtf
I live in the US but I love the UK boys! <3
Got a bag to mend the strap on today. The owner has a cat. Based on the persistent face-rubbing by Boos, I think he likes her cat.
Glad it Encouraged you. RT : Finished #sunstandstill today. Thanks for the encouragement to pray audacious prayers.
CLICK ON THE FOLLOW BUTTONBABI!! &
Told u so Eagle! “: Aviles is gonna be the next Nomah! Def drafting him in Fantasy! >Last place. Write it down.”
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho criticizes every little thing you do.
Life is not about what you've done or what you should've done. It's about what you can do and what you will do. <3
somebody said I looked like a pedophile with it lol so I couldn't have it anymore
I can only imagine....and one year actually experience!
- good to c U here bro
Hiding eggs in Broad Ripple too?
She said that she's at the store xc Lol xP
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."
Music Influences Ah Lot Of Yall lives Personally That's why some mon ah wear purse and dem sistah jeans
tried email and it bounced back!! Saraliz978
don't you wish your ipod was wear a floatie?
why so sure gb will go for 16-0? No injury concern?
ha! Oh disposable planes...how I don't miss those.
i knew u would like cheebos...way to ruin my surprise. how am i suppose to stalk u if you're one step ahead?
The RNC obviously put her up to that after a thunderously bold SOTU the other night. Smart.
I like potato salad
Pnce again: not enough monster sex. Never not applicable
I haven't been with my mom for mothers day since I was like 15.I'm 24 now. Since I'm in arms reach of her I'll make it the best day for her.
I love to thank everybody for showing love also follow
Your worst days are never so bad that you are beyond the reach of God's grace!!
....& you might get something extra for being so patient. ;)
alright sweet man cause were headed to west Knoxville right now.
Oh, America! RT : Percentage of Americans who believe that Mitt Romney’s first name is “Mittens”: 2 (Mar ’12, 2 of 2)
Need a ride to the polls? Call 410-338-4036. We'll get you there!
Buy your ticket. Great movie.
I love how spanish people type "hahaa" like "jajajaja" jajajajaaj !
My opponents in fantasy football are both going to come close to 200 point weeks (199 and 180-and counting). Should I take this as a sign?
followed back, sorry it took so long!
I have to reschedule my senior pictures :(((((
#kids Preschool Story Hour at Kittanning Public Library, Fri, May 11 10:30a: Attention all preschoolers! Do you love to make new friends?...
EVA's next meeting is tomorrow Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 with Penny Sansevieri 10:30 @ the Azusa Public Library Join us!!
I'm not sweet
yes, but I gotta get on it. I've got people to impress shoot!!
Need to get some stuff dry cleaned in atlanta. Where's a good cheap place to go? x_x
My only concern this morning was checking my calendar to see when I planned to take off again :-/
hahahhaha. (: im not going to open gym tonight .
Saddest: punk and alt "establishment" rearranging deck chairs on their Titanic. We're in this together.
Trying to wake up and get it going. It's 7:17 am. Of course my little girl doesn't want to go to school. I mean come on, it's school.
“kill yorself or : Unfollow . Your tweets are ass. ”
Even though I already had the whole album on my phone, I of COURSE bought the yearbook edition<3 So happy it's out in America!
I always think a Shiatsu is an armchair that looks like a dog.
RT : Everyday, God gives us the sun - and also one moment in which we have the ability to change everything...- Paulo Coelho,
last statement, no worries Deion Sanders!
Hilarious train operator on orange line this morning
yeah what a win! should be a great game against Seton Hall tomorrow
What? Someone is trying to sell faxing services? Time warp to 1995!
happens to be the single greatest twitter account on twitter <3 Much love and respect!
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes
please mary help me behave today in a way today that honors you in all my thoughts and action.
yeah, and sometimes we gotta make decisions to better out future.
Beefy crunch burritos are way too good.
you would make a nice cabana boy! Or fairy godmother. But I think would want to fight u for that one! :)
Leadership has nothing to do with title or rank. As soon as people volunteer to follow you, you become a leader.
...absolutely! i'll get you to help me pick out my dress -- after i go to the #Goodwill boutique!
well 161 left to turn the season around.
I'm so MAD! Why cannot a biased surveyor like DATA VENTURE of Salt Lake City be banned by No Call List? All questions blatantly biased. LIES
I LOVE YOUR AVI!
Welcome to San Diego! Be sure to check out the Gaslamp Quarter!
Tell the mayor I said hello!
It would be GREAT is #coxcable let their Tier 1 folks say "I don't know" instead of LYING TO ME!!!!
I have more followers than you... That means more people like me and care about what I have to say... Eat it Kobe!
#thesave #idol YES! Thank you for saving jessica!!!
RT : "If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
May will be the last published by Weiss Communications - the plan is to sell the mag to a publisher in hopes keeping it going.
doc b, u should consider writing localized articles in pubs such as u should pitch. it would be a good match
just have a couple shots of Jameson, that should change her appearance for the better and it will help you approach her.
y la foto?
Your new starting CF Aoki! Pretty please! Guaranteed better then current platoon
Without unity you won't win
#IfWomenDidNotExist Who would cook and clean. R-T if you read this tweet in a Peter Grifin voice
You staring me down wont make me think you're cute, it makes me think
go to design and change background image. There you can upload your pix
Coal Run by Tawni O'Dell.
Hope you have a perfect day just like You <3(: love you So much xoxoxox <3(:
Got to get used to openin my eyes up at 4:45 am...
My pleasure, although so sad, & angry making, is it not?
Here's two blog posts where I ream people who disagree that the best strategy in RPS ends in a tie
The only thing stopping me from chopping off all of my hair is prom. If not, I'd be bald by now.
u suck Tyler, no1 vote
Recruiting for a Research/Periodicals Librarian in #NY! Contact me for details!
First its about having fun, then its about winning;)
Anyone i used to talk to HELLA... TWEET MEEHHH!!! ;D
How do you know when you should be tested for celiac disease? Does age matter?
Other things are coming!
A turtle should never abandon its shell. : what a mess. everyone`s leaving.
I thought it was good. Slow in spots, but classic.
Happy Birthday bro
small world! SMALL DICK
Amazing isn't it?
Thanks a lot :) We'll let you know when the EP comes out!
3.3.1 Is out! Vacation's over :( IE won't click through links automatically and added transition:[6] for galleries of different size images.
Many thanks to the for hosting our Executive Board meeting this afternoon!
Kacie's Dad is such a downer he is foiling Ben's initial thought of getting a 3 way with her sister!
man, i wanna snickers bar right now.../:
I believe mini chocolate chip cookies are little drops from heaven an Jesus way of sayin he still cares! It's such a tasty pleasure! ;)
English algebra then home!!! Dinner later with the fam! Bored af tryna finish that last track today! Wish me luck! Hmu
I just came from aud "I promise" an I killed it. Thanks Sanford Meisner forgetting me of my head. Now it's out of my hands.
mhm just don't mess it up
At the dealership for service on the ride. Can't help but think I'm getting screwed. What do you pay for an oil change & tire rotation?
Thanks for RT. And keep up the good fight!
oh yeah, she's gone.
So grateful for the brilliant new album - it's providing exactly the push I needed to get through this last bit of book edits.
My get up and go must've got up and went.
Planet Orange Rocks! Go JD!!!
Building systems = building structures = creating worlds, cultures, infrastructures w/ effects we can't predict or control
Back to Blockbuster!!!18 days left till close!!!MOVIES!!!
not really. William H Macy is the truth
You play forgiveness, watch it now, here he comes.
Watching miami and okc.. There is nothing about lebron that says ”closer”.. But they keep high pick and roll. If they lose, that's why. WADE
and not paying
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
RT : Welcome new Prof. Dolores Albarracin, Ph.D., Annenberg's first Martin Fishbein Chair in Communication.
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs. Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
Thanks I just posted my week 8 video I was having problems uploading all day . had to put it in 2 parts
is follwing me :O i love Serianna!!
send ur number to my messages
why am i awake?
Games Inbox: The Walking Dead, PS Vita support, and Super Metroid - Metro
I went to their on-site yesterday. Their butterfly facility is incredible! Loved their arthorpods upstairs.
U can leave today I BET you come back tomorrow!
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
The Kentucky business press is busy today doing business at Churchill Downs. So local coverage of NYTimes story may be slow.
I haven't seen this much red since Lehmann Brothers collapsed.
I think I'm done for the night.
nope. while everyone is in church . ill be sleep
Eileen Foster blew whistle on corruption at Countrywide
Just stop yourself and remember why you love or even like your partner
Self and child.
#Thatawkwardmoment when you start to shout your name, address and phone num...waaaaaah!
town hall?
"Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing." Albert Schweitzer (1875-1965)
someone help, i need more followers :)
Keep your head up
It's either you're with me or you're not.
Thanks. Not sure what it was. Gave benadryl but hour later she still said her mouth was itchy. Environmental maybe? Who knows?
awww I wish you were there too! How is Deutschland??
We are live tweeting the #GoldenGlobes Who do you have your eye on? Is it Claire, Sofia, Elle, Stacy.... Let us know:)
Thanks for the #FF :) I didn't even see this until now. Been behind on twitter. This 1st week at work has been ca-razy & tiring.
wrong person sorry , haha - anna
fuck a 'good season'
Hey Jessica! Your music is amazing! Would you please follow back so I can tell all of friends about you??
I could do it. I learned a pretty good one this weekend.
I want to love u, feel u, wrap my arms around u
and put in work today! You guys got my support all the way out in Hawaii. Stay strong #teamblack!
we were on cnn again this morning and i thanked them for giving the state department my pohne number in egypt. thanks cnn!
At Home ??
and a nice face
algebraic expressions and hieroglyphics are also hard to read ... for the layman ... point being?
Praise inspires ability criticism kills it
And then the republican told me he could own me if he really tried. UM no sir, I own you at life.
How do you mean?
Sellin cake at the bank?? Really!
That hand in face means nothing..shes been making that shot since middle school
How'd did you do that Alli?
Donna Erickson: For Mother&#39;s Day, surprise Mom with easy overnight egg dish
Thank you!!!
I cant wait till im on my own. Anybody who dreads that dreads responsibility and independence!
I have my three-day itinerary completely budgeted out. It's perfect, with the exception that there's no time for sleep.
your just the cutest...
what happened??
LADIES NIGHT: Who is feeling right? $2 house wines and 2 for 1 House Margs. 5 p.m. to close.
Signed up at the gym, start my workout tomorrow!
july. And for sure
better late than never, better wait it gets better☺
read my tweet again. I didn't laugh at her.
I'll have to try it
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
RT : FREE IPAD: Follow retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an IPAD in the next three days!
First guess is Stephen Hill goes to STL (or whoever trades up to that spot) at 33...at 34 my next guess is Indy takes Konz. Then BAL-Upshaw
fucking fjkadjig THEY ALL LOOK REALLY GOOD AS HARDCORE DOUCHEBAGS
Guess I'll be forced to go see Harry Potter
what do you mean again? you didnt say that the first time.
5.5K tweets by the end of the night doe.
That could be kind of good. your fridge is stocked.
Hey peeps! I kid you not, the first song my all-female highschool band and I ever learned was Iron Man.... :)
why is he not?
We're having a blast with it for sure! Do you think the other candidates shouldn't go because it's such a joke?
Greetings, love your tech+art jewelry, very cool stuff. I'll stop by next time I'm in the area. Cheers!
not yet
hahaha I should have seriously were not even on it yet...... kill me please
r u going to be an exhibitor or just attending?
There is nothing more pointless, or common, than doing the same things and expecting different results.
LMFAO... I haven't even started that yet... Wait till 7AM Central mañana
union station today, mass ave and north cap, get your tacos before there gone. Menu: al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
Not at all. Lol! Just left the gym. It was the adrenaline typing.
M RT : Slice of the Day is Artichoke, Feta and Roasted Red Pepper.
oh how I love LA! Let me count the ways!!
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward....
I love my brother :D
Paul Erdős WAS SUCH a Hustler.
'Pressure is a privilege'. Billie Jean King,
Thanks anyway bud. I'd love to be able to send a tweet Al's way to let him know how much I enjoyed watching him play
I've never heard of it lol.....
RT : Dumbasses that don't know the difference between "your" and "you're".
Not only is there dogs at Norms, there's also a baby?? Its 11 on a Saturday.. in Fremont.
Good my closet is always open for more clothes
Take a moment and think about it...
overload: Daytrotter session? PItchfork TV? Dude, you're everywhere today.
It's is wrong that I downloaded every song from the #GleeRemembersWhitney episode? I think not.
You go.. Make sure you don't want this anymore.. Make sure.. Because we were supposed to be scared together, fights happen in relationships.
In better news, excited to meet Karen Thompson Walker (The Age of Miracles) tonight. Gonna dress fancy! Thanks, & !
haha sooner or later i hope
RT : we got some google wave invites... you need one? RT this !!
Then drop Kendry and risk the pick up. Or like I said, you have FOUR DL SPOTS, keeping him in one is not that much of a hinderance.
My hair is not enjoying this humidity.
In certain neighborhoods in Baltimore, Chicago, and Los Angeles—life expectancy for subsets of the population is lower than in Bangladesh
Difference of opinion was never, with me, a motive of separation from a friend. Thomas Jefferson
Enjoy the long weekend! Remember Tuesday is our Mixer! 6-8pm at Coppia! RSVP www.womenwithmoxie.com on Portland page!
1000 Full Color Business Cards = $75 plus tax. Use the coupon and it makes it only $50 plus tax.
Time change proving tough on the family. I'm the only one still awake. Dogs, however, are extra hyper.
You know you love it :-)
good hustle man. keep at it! who else beside gave you a RT? (btw... great cause)
Glad to have you on board.
Let's see what the Sixers can do tonight, best of luck to a Philly product,
i would like to know what universe you live in that whistling at a girl got you anywhere.
What's up DIVA?
Still don't want it in LeBrick's hands for a number reasons. RT : Yet another example of why this "clutch gene" shit is so shaky..
SUPER BOWL 2012. AYE
good I can't complain
"Let's work out every day starting tomorrow. Deal?"
Hi there MitchKunzler
Lucy 100. We can all let go. Make it happen in your world. Have fun.
I need like a 36 hour day to knock everything out
RT Donald Trump Slams Cher Over Anti-Romney Comments, Calls Her a 'Loser' <--I really need to know why ANYONE is listening to this dude
nothing wrong with a lil tough love hehehe
u pass it to Omer in a FT shooting situation?
sweet! I won't be done till dinner cause we get fed after. We will be on the town for sure. Where y'all stayin?
