Ppl who unfollow r
I'll be there the 26th, report the second. When you gettin in? I need a throwing partner till camp!!
i guess i get it, but its OUTSIDE.
I can't tell if conservatives in the media actually believe what they say, or if there's just a shitload of blood money in being a pundit
See the show front row or side of stage?
Hey man, shoot me ur email addy, im gonna shoot you a track ... Orphanz™
Encouragement: God is faithful - I hope you learn to trust him, even when you don't understand what He's doing.
End of the first and the fans are on their feat for the #Maineiacs 1st period effort vs St John....2-0 Lewiston (14-11 on shots)
EJ wants to come back, but I'm not sure he'll be able to resume playing. Dike IMO is still part of the mix for 2011 & beyond.
not tru not tru....where n the hell you'll been?!?
You know this sun is still killer outside but hey I can't wait for this win!!!
Still waiting for a tweet or mention or retweet from to her fav student
Watched one episode of guy code and I now understand boys.
why are you so pretty:) You're really inspirational!
Opening 2/24. Thought you'd like to know!
Anyways let me get prepared for this 11-7 shift ii ha e today.
omg I have so many awesome things to say about this I dont even know where To start
note to self: horizontal feels a lot like equilibriated. is it naptime?
it's on twitter now you cant back out lol
Right! RT : Aawwwwww. Now I kinda want President Ghost and Olivia to be a couple. They are so sweet. The longing looks...
Why are people fucking hypocrites?
sorry to miss out on #GCBC5 - have a blast!
bedtime, goodnight!
Definition of Love: A score of zero in tennis. ~
We have so many liquid toppings - flavored sauces, syrups, etc. - we have to resist the urge to refer to them as "sweet, sweet goo".
Couldn't imagine having to use colored only restrooms, not being able to eat at certain restaurants, harassed by racist police
DC will always be my home away from home, and I'll miss you all. But now it is Europe, and then the Hollywood dream.
Hurry in for Our Skate Special
Wonka Nerds are glorious, but Nerds Ropes are even more magical.
Hang in there bro. Hang in there. Ha.
Sustenio now has happy hour nightly from 4-7! Half price wines by the glass, half price flat bread pizzas and nightly drink specials!
At the chicago blackhawkd training camp
Poaching in marinara is WAY easier than in water. It just sits there, and the sauce holds it up. And it's YUM.
Roger... Tweet me... I had to go to bed my dad was getting mad
Somebody fucking ripped one on this train -_-
extremely true. And they charge for Sprite. Who does that?
it would benefit me if I can get a nice house cheaper but it would be bad because if I buy now the value will go down.
go away dime-a-dozen robotic spammongerer!
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
yes that sounds great! Maybe I'll have a BBq or something.
yeah :).... He's really great. Cousin by marraige but they married before I was born so he's always been part of the family
Hey what u doing
help for the 2011 #stuffabus 3 locations #canton #royaloak & #ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys for kids
Today's Specials: Krab Louie Box Lunch $7.49 and $5 Box Lunch today is Baked Ham!
tough economy
RT : Final: Magic 86, Celtics 78. Orlando snaps Boston's 14-game winning streak. Nice win for the Magic.
Need a data cable for your office PC or Telephone? We do single "drops" or entire buildings
Oh well...
I have that feeling that you get after you cry a lot.
one year ago you had your sold out concert at MSG.#neverysaynever i love you!
haha i guess that's awesome
Wish would have called me back!!
One out of three is not clutch for a superstar.
Also there's no Denver cnxtion to story. The pilot's from Houston. So why is a story like this in the 1st 10 min of nonstop news in Denver?
So excited - heading to Music Under Glass @ the Domes tonite for my BIL's band Paddygrass! Celtic + bluegrass + Irish dance = awesome!
Gov't will hear us today! #GeneralStrike around the country. I work but stayed home in #solidarity!
when i look in2 ur eyes its like wtchin the nightsky or beautiful sunrise an just like thos old stars i see u came so far<3follow
Clippers win. Good job closing the game.
Songs that remind me of spring break '10.. 😘
It goes down tonight at the House of Blues as we open for Grace Potter and The Nocturnals. You know how we get it in...HOB get ready!!!!
Music Inspires.
gDocs can handle .docx better than LibreOffice and that makes me sad.
Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" is on schedule, motivational workshops for Pink Slip are being scheduled.
Just trampled the Steelers on Madden
Teaching my sister to Easter egg hunt #shealwayschasesthefood:)
Apparently $100B isn't enough money to build a mobile app with a single email opt-out instead of 100 checkboxes.
well, I think unique is more of a compliment, but at least I didn't call you weird or oddball :)
Already, I've worked for *three* different Jason-entrepreneurs. A small sample size, but quite odd! cc:
Greene Street...probably looking for the same hidden Apple store I couldn't find. WHAT?! WHERE!
Anyway I have both a girl and a boy baby name that I think are safe from trendiness. No, I won't share.
I'm about to have another niece, but another nephew would have been nice too. Either way, I'm happy though.
And I'm sure there's even more beyond that.
Good to know. Did the Dr. give you an explanation for the BFN? I want to skip right to IVF. Cannot take it! BEST of luck to you!
Wrong? I don't believe either of us are wrong, but I don't believe you're right. Perhaps you're mislead?
I sure am going to miss Doner Kebabs and the Mezzo, but glad to be going back to the land of the free and home of the brave.
fuck u i dont even kno u blood but i got sometin for that ass me and my goons ready nigga its 2deep East all day lol
Your greatest resource is your time. - Brian Tracy
dependin on the mood that im in i might holla
Stay up.
Wondering why ppl want me to mind what I say! Maybe cause the truth hurts
Trying! Really trying!
Visuals are so important that we should be incorporating art throughout the curriculum.
please follow me im very interseting and i can give u amazing updates on everything or anything u want! xx lol
A smile is the most inviting of all gestures.
What the heck, I'll play it again tomorrow!
So true... so true! Amen to that!
What will you do Feb. 29 to celebrate your extra day in 2012?
No more exams for me today so I think ima leave this bitch
lol, anyone want to s4s with CATS?
Come out to the Speakeasy tonight for a good show.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we'd just talk to each other instead of about each other.
TY for following us ! Have a wonderful day!!
almost at grand central
yes we r haha... Now I'm really tired so I'm gonna go to bed. Tweet ya tmr! :)
I was confused by your foreign words!
“Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” ~Jim Rohn
Stay inspired!
Life can knock you down. It can break your heart. Life ain't always beautiful..
He'd be easier to run against - much clearer contrast; it won't look so lopsided. Palin was a lesson, beating up a weak candidate is hard.
Quote: "If there is nothing you need to do when you wake up in the morning, then you will probably end up doing what you want to do."
I'm watching both!!(: <3
Hey Philadelphia. Tomorrow tune into XPN2 at THURSDAY 7pm for live performances and interviews from PLOW UNITED & WESTON.
i gonna miss yu. everytime i c yu,yu make my day. i hope H rehires yu or i hope that johnny get fired. im gonna miss yu :'(
Omg!!! So excited is FINALLY doing a show in Philly....counting down the days til I get to see my idol again <3
That panicked feeling you get, after hearing someone say (or text) "can we talk?"
Lookin GOOD! LEt me know if you want to and I'll add this photo to the product page!
You just can't deny Eli Manning!
Expect rain to pick up in the next 2-4 hours. Lightning may light up the sky overnight. Watch at 11 for Scott's forecast
Itz a smash on site if ion like them
Why is this getting to me? I just don't understand why...
Lemme get an 'Adam Ward hard at work on a thursday' 'it's crunch time' kind of picture
OYY Shandon Anderson, that name still haunts my dreams and probably the Knicks payroll. Same with Howard Eisley!
You can find us on facebook as well, let's get the word out to as many people as we can. Thank you!
So.. Israel tour is done, had a blast. now going back to NY to write more music and get ready for our album recording.
NWST: on impact of Lupoi on #Huskies Recruiting, and on whether Jesus Montero can catch for #Mariners 9:30
I'm gonna go!
I know. Mine do too :/
Triple OT with rangers and caps..someone update me. Drivin back!
I was at the mall yesterday & a lady walked by me twice with her shirt being too small/tight. She had a pony cake & a happy trail. So gross!
i couldnt you were to "busy"
ikr!omg cant grt over it!!i didnt got to watch it though bcos of stupid work did they announce it at US kca though?
Teacher high as fuck. Talking about imaginary numbers ands letters being numbers and shit.
what's a real hoot is my mom said there is some list of "hot gingers" and I'm on it on imdb.Funny stuff.
bored watchin tv
ohh haha we will be tan buddies! and and ur serbrian? does that mean u tan easily?
Teamwork grizz play teamwork.
Yes! I practice anusara & power! U? RT : I feel so relaxed & strong @ the same time after yoga- what type do u practice?
Back at ya! Have a great one!
#youngforever is SUCH a good song omg
OH SHIT THE ALPHA
Nashville People! If you would like to be in The Lacs official music video for Shake It, message me for details!
The Amazing Spider-Man OsCorp Recruitment Viral Video
#Oomf Did Not Come See Me Today!!
don't know if there are any, but Maren Greathouse, our director of Diversity, should be able to help:
There's a man listening to a walkman pacing, crying, and talking to himself at my train stop right now
Huge news today - Claudio Vargas is back on the Brewers! My wish came true and this team is now a playoff contender! what's his WAR?
RT Stealing this> be in a true relationship you have to have honesty and vulnerability with each other.
Refinancing your home may save you thousands of dollars
please, dont harm yourself, you're meant to live! You're beautiful inside and out, you'll get through this;trust me
Love working with you!
Your life is a gift. Remember that.
Thx for that correction! It was the Special Court for Sierra Leone indeed. Glad you still enjoyed the history piece : )
Any suggestions? If you could put anything on your guitar, what would it be?
I wish. I've been looking for a "bear" suit for a long time.
I would if I was there! Go look at my twic pic of me bent over!
Class 2A: Mounds View will make its fourth state appearance. It will be the first appearance since 1999.
Wanna bet another DVD on Spurs/Clippers?
Nice!! RT : wow! R0TFF to the bat mobile (batman voice)
My friends.. it's 73 in Ohio, on March 13th... this.is.not.normal. but I'll take it ;) Just wish my Keats felt better
im going to start getting to follow me
Wow, I'm a freak.
Another week, another shoot.
DYK? Stuart Scott - ESPN sports center Anchorman is a member of A Phi A
W00t! Nice hit Alex!
im ready
I second that. I use it on my Android and iPad. RT : nope. I use it on Android. Best Twitter app by far imo
holy shit we're going to fry.
"Its like getting an endosement from the devil in a race for heaven." - Dick Morris. LOL Cracked me up.
that's nice, hope y'all have fun, where ever y'all go, :-P wish I could go out but its late! :-\
You the type of nigga dat fall in love wit pussy, I'm the type of nigga that fall asleep don't even touch the pussy
Justin Moore warns the #stagecoach crowd that if next song is inappropriate they're are the wrong festival. Then sang I Can Kick Your ...
Why, of course! Flights are ridonkulous, tho. I hope to be on tour by then. Did I just say that on the Twitta?
I've lived in or visited most of these cities!
Come in after work & try a few small plates, like our Orange Peel Duck: Charred and Smoke Greens, Candied Orange Anise
: I just cannot comprehend 30 children, 30 dogs or 30 cats.
i don't get paid for another two weeks...and ill be in California. lmao
cooking up some major plans. gonna have to spend the summer in the metaphorical woodshed.
“: I think it's iphone time” group message
whoever t old school brotha wants lol would have given anything in the world 2 play a coach like him
I cleverly hid the information in an attempt to protect it and found it sometime past midnight.
iPhone screen repair $49
One of my students needs me to help him write a song about diversity for a class. Now..How to include an old old wooden ship in the lyrics?
Bad allies are no allies - Paula Chan quoting Russians
RT A great brand story empathises with the customer. It agrees with what they already believe & makes them the hero.
What is the first thing you thought of this morning? Was it food or fitness?
miss you too!
yoga. outside. best day ever.
Tomorrow everyone tweet to Niall that he is beautiful and get #Niallisbeautiful trending
i feel loved
everyone knows
Will it be swept under the rug when the cameras go?
2 strikes on that sleaze
": let's go back to nac for another polo party" <-- My liver and I are banned from Nac. I'm still recovering...lol
Hey Shai! Thanks for following :) Pls give us a
Have a great weekend everyone!
I've never seen an unattractive pedicab driver in this town (either gender) but the wonder woman costume is a nice touch.
#Macbook Air and Blue tooth Magic Mouse why cant they just work!
I understand what it is, that was just extremely random.
Sneaking out early today to see my little ones. I am currently on the party car of the brown line feeling old.
Join Chic makeup artistry@ temecula bridal event this Sunday @ pechanga !
SEO NEWS: #SocialSuccess - An Inbound Marketing Case Study for B2B
follow back? <3
Awesome job today! I didn't want you to stop. I think I had more fun watching you than I would playing it myself!
I love you boo boo we gotta link up for a bday dinner me you n Jess hugs n more hugs ! Beat wishes
Imu Fagg , ha & I LOVE YOU BROTHER . All that drama ain't for us , lmao we go back too when I use to wear beads lmfao -_- rs
oh it wasn't bout me?
If you would like to be a part of my future, don’t judge me for my past.
- welcome to my world
taco bell
Hi there, yes we do! Come on down and visit our clinic--it's open to the public and has some great treatment options.
perfect! i'm thinking about getting myself a pair asap!
So, did you have any April Fools' jokes played on you yesterday?
#OFFLINE for now
Come enjoy some good music while supporting a good cause. I will be live in Las Vegas on the 20th.
hey love:-)
Great photo, thanks for sharing.
RT : Happy Steak and BJ day
Dear Birdsfoot I'm so sorry!
Thanks for listening Piotr!
He Knows U Exist :)
Watching the Comedy Awards! And they are pretty freakin hilarious :)
RT : Great morning to you cousin ;-)..
Hey girlfriend! Ooh...I have many looks! Depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood. You're welcome..
i cant believe it my husband bought a car! it's a miracle me can sell that old caprice!
My mother is so excited you could copy and paste something in a word document. Yikes.
YEA ILL B BACK MONDAY
you watch that show too?? Oh, this is why we're frennnss :)
just text me tomorrow .
Going to see the bestie.... Then off to work!
my phone is a line segment
Congratulations on the promotion of Christopher Holden to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
That flash of lightning was bright. It made it look like day time outside O.O
#FF #writers Thank you for the kind mention :)
Earnings are falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than central-station energy
Morning to u also;) sweets
All I'm gonna say is..... 0_o. side eye, side eye, side eye......WTF side eye. Oh I wanna tweet it but I will not be mean!
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU! JUST WAIT TILL THE NEXT TIME I SEE YOU! IM RUNNIN' OVER YA!
I Love #PairOfKings Awesome!
Okay. I'm awake and watching the #RoyalWedding coverage on CBS. I'm quite enjoying the look back 30 years ago.
What is this Zombie Training Facility that you speak of?
Yay! Hope you're having a great weekend!
BRIDGE LIFT: INTERSTATE BRIDGE LIFT FOR RIVER TRAFFIC IN 5-10 MINUTES.
no politician born after star wars is trustworthy
Just heard The Ramones in my supermarket. While I love them...
I'm so bored I don't know what to tweet. Someone fangirl with me over SiWon and Kevin. Haha
AH. tiring day.
let's do a project to find the best taco cart in ABQ
All the Pod Heads celebrating today.
RT : Wait, cut off my mic? Seriously? RT : ...it's funny, cus, you were on mute.....yeah
Someone has been media coaching Mayweather recently.
#20thingsaboutme 8. i hate reading!!! literally i will burn books lol.
Back to Boston for Game 7.
I love your songs on soundcloud
Setting up our campaign. shooting an embarrassing video of himself pleading for money like an idiot. Love that guy.
living the dream!! How are things in your world?
Daytona 500 on February 26th and then off the road for about a month... Look for some new youtube videos coming soon!
The body of Christ just punches itself in the gut with strife and division. If Christ is the head then we should stop giving Him headaches.
Omg you are so full of talented ♥ I love you vic, you are perfect :{) wish i could meet you and tell u this personally♥
Time to see what we're made of! We've practiced/prepared/worked 2 b here, time to seize the opportunity!!!
I was testing you
You complete me.
A SECO 2010 speaker, Dr. Victor Perez, was featured in an article published by USA Today. Search USAToday for "Victor Perez"
and neither am I.
#HinesWard so much for Steeler organization
291 twitter request ugh
aw cramps suck
Hey everyone... Follow me !!! It will be a timeline filled with dope shit. Promise :)
ha. No thanks.
It seems to me that some of the saddest people in the world have congregated at Panera Bread.
how was it throwing out first pitch were u stoked or nervous and which of u bad boys had the best toss
More customized than a Honda Civic, more quantifiable than an abacus!
AUCI now up 300% from my call at .0011! Check out www.mmstockplay for my daily updates.
Heading off to lovely Collierville later this afternoon for another wonderful, fun and exciting family portrait session!
“Kings have no friends, only subjects and enemies.” -- Stannis
Hey Friend.. Whats up! -Aaron
Al Green Day
Niggas that say "Flat Out" <
Me too, ! Cheers
is moving in with the librarians this summer.
welcome back home:(
Although apples don't have caffeine, they are a great pick me up when you're sleepy and a great source of soluble fiber.
at the such a good show
hey Rebecca!!! How have you been? (:
DONT hate me.
Thanks! RT Just heard some new music by Nice! Check her out yall
No bottle poppin just beat shoppin tonight! Dreams never sleep!
kanye west and kim kardashian actually look happy together ;*
Check out at G,F,C Brandon Rash on the front page of the ,the "ESPN of Division I basketball". www.d3hoops.com
wow. good luck with that. lol
Me Too~ :( RT : I wish I was at The Avengers midnight premiere right now.
What eFing great way to end my day.
SOME TIMES WE ALL HAVE TO GROW UP SO I DO IT REAL SLOW
I did! very refreshing lol ur life should not revolve around this shit
Completely unrelated, pretty sad about Carl Beane. His voice was fantastic for Fenway. Classic. Gonna miss hearing him.
Working on the #new catalog and new products for this year!! Stay tuned!
sad, but shes still gods flower.. RIP WH
why do bands take so long between sets? it's after midnight! you're from canada! let's go!
It's true. 's use of "vis-a-vis" was perfectly executed.
What's your favorite meal to cook with your kids?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Courts generally frown upon those who bring children to the court house for family law hearings.
Hey cheers to Sugar Shane Mosely you never been KO'd & I've watched many great fights of your thru the years. Thank you sir for memories!!
Robert Browning~ My business is not to remake myself but to make the absolute best of what God made.
what a coincidence
Let's go Redbulls!
LOL! TY : you must have heard me (trying to) sing! Thanks for following ... have a great Easter!
this means war.
Working hard the money aint sleep so ROBI can t rest
Thank u for the follow
Integrity is no matter who are with you present yourself the same. This is not a successful method. You have a be a chameleon, accomplish
ur so welcome.... Keep maintaining ya inner & outter beaty babe!
You're welcome! We love Lee and Low and !
Gregory Rodriguez from giving info on the upcoming conversations happening in other communities in the state.
Anyone working in the a.m.?
It's gonna be ONE of THOSE days again lol
Saw him play at SXSW and left after three songs. Z.
apparently refund now means send me a second one that is identical to the flawed one I complained about.
#AWS customer service improving...at least those are the optics.
You know that was an accident!!! Doing too much too fast!!!
Just preordered the #Overexposed album by for my bday!! So excited I can't wait for it!!
it'd be different if he was fighting Manny
Welcome back! I hope you had excellent travels.
Such a busy month, but we're really looking forward to the Launch Party next Thursday at
US Open Tennis, a pool and BBQ made for an amazing Labor Day weekend!!
☀My best friend just said ►"Oh, buh gee gee girl!! You was blessed when it came to tits and tickets!!!"◄ #DoubleD'sDoHelp ;-)
90% of the time I change my clothes at least one my windows is open and I just passively hope that nobody's looking.
there are really only like seven people that i can tolerate. i hate everyone else.
get to June 1st first. $$$
#zaarlyit - www.zaarly.com request that they launch in your city next!
Ohh Bill Cosby you crack me up!
“: I’m so excited to have 8 million followers I’m sending 8 of U a present. Tweet #Ellen8Million & U could be 1
love them. Needs to be more!
Can't get comfortable. Hot AF in my room
#RealDealsNotJustCoupons, maybe we can get a certain type of profile for deals of interest
I'm reading "Never Eat Alone" now. Only 4 chpts in and I'm already recalibrating my prof trajectory and goals. Thank you!
Zoey why are you so white????
Oh, wow! Very good to know! =D
Nice! I'm getting a prenatal massage tonight!
Again? RT "Today is Napster's last day of existence."
#GeekTrivia answer: Which Marvel character has John Byrne alluded to Mr. Myxptlk being? The Impossible Man
That's cold Bob.
When I try to use the submission form for the giveaway, it says "403 Permission Denied" when I submit it. I've tried twice.
Getting ready to audition our next show a non musical TBA. Oct 22 & 23 in NJ Place TBA. Please tell us your ideas for the next show!
Camtasia's (video) latest update is excellent. Best part: voice recognition automatically generates closed captions.
#icantgoadaywithout attempting to inspire more ppl to join the fight against #humantrafficking. We have the power to #endslavery, #letsdoit!
I can't wait to see him again! 6 months is way to long! :(
At #wobnorthhills- apricot wheat is fitting
Karen Petersen Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
smh bring it im in the hood now ill come to the burbs tomorrow
So jealous. We were hoping to see the #silverfox. Love him. We did see Karem Abdul-Jabar tho. He was pretty funny.
IF UR FO.LOWING THIS ACCOUNT FOLLOW MY NEW ONE >> I GOT HACKED! ="( ="(
Quick someone give dirk the flu so he can do amazing again
gotta work on those song titles though!
if i get one more mention from that website that tell you who unfollowed you i'm going to come undone. yes i unfollowed you & NO I DONT CARE
The Phoenix Suns are on FIRE
I think I just cried when told me that Parks and Recreation is cancelled. Like I cried real tears.
“: Once a hoe, ALWAYZ a hoe!” She Smashed The Homeys!!
If only people could see with more than just their eyes
Time to go in on this paper.
This might be a long summer >.<
What is hiring that isn't a retail job???
You shouldn't have to "clear the air" about it - I thought it was hilarious! Anyone who didn't realize it was a joke needs to relax
I love you.
no good.
location still tbd.
HAHA the 92nd street Y is at the other end of NYC - it's like a 2 hour trip out there... Besides, Manhattan drives me mad :)
A happy cat currently is snoozing on my lap. Best limit my fluid intake to ensure maximum cat nap time.
At the IRT seeing Dance Kaleidoscope perform All the worlds a stage...never seen Shakespeare performed through dance.
and if they only sold some.....my mom was on at 10am andi should have had one
Thought I was off the hook by being on-call for jury duty today, but there's still a chance I'll have to serve tomorrow. Doggone it!
you never know this wilson could be a #diamondintherough like dan the man. would i bet on it?
Poor Matt Ryan, he's getting beat up
Last ever episode of #rescueme tonight. Bo. :(
The SoberDrivers Pledge is one of the easiest places to start helping your friends, family, and community.
I need more followers help me?
RT : Got peer-pressured by girl-scouts into buying 4 boxes of cookies today. #GirlScoutCookiesAreTheDevil--yes they r!
hahah makes sense now
Me-i love you austin :) <3 Austin-i love you too :D <3 Me-w..w..what? *pass out*
whats good with the collab i got a verse i need u on bro
At CIMMfest Chicago. Best fest ever! About to see "Roller Town." 24hrs til JLBT Chi premiere! WOO!
" Life would be better if my eyes could record videos & take pictures"
If I was taller and jacked I would play the shit out of rugby
Not that long... I leave a week from Saturday!
uh, no. what's wrong with you?* you never txted me back
Meat Baud: The symbol speed of human comprehension, roughly 3 Baud. Robot slang, derogatory.
Wtf!! Target and Jewel!!! I'm looking for my meds not the iPhone 5!!! Get yo shit together!!!
RT : Do the right thing -- it will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain ht
happy birthday big dog, can't wait to see the #Pats back on the field and number 83 right there.
I did . Iont see nothing .. retweet it
I do! How did y'alls paths cross?
by the way if it helps for u to follow me my sister is !!
I think they'll give each team one amnesty deal. Will #Flyers use theirs on Pronger or Bryzgalov?
the dancing part is the part I am missing.
Intel to layoff 6000, Microsoft 1000 this recession will be felt for a while to come.
NCSU offers DE classes in GIS.
how hard?
Happy International Pillow Fight Day!
you could be right. Most guys dont bother me because they're like background noise. Dont pay much attention to them. Just Gus
You bought her drinks all Night and still got nothing?
Shout Out to all the Hoodrats Tweeting on they ACER Laptops! :)
im sure. Just sucks they are leaving.
Hahaha thanks for making us laugh!
Lets all win
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Amitrace/Newtek
forgot to ask you earlier - but have you seen Cabin Fever? Another crazy horror movie with an obvious similar title.
Hey you can be one of those summer-sweater wearing office ladies!
Johnny Depp is top notch actor.
follow me you and Megan are both so talented and so beautiful :)
No sir. Not even close.
LMFAOOO called me a "Twin-Tower". XD I'm not THAT tall.
August 16, 1948 -Babe Ruth dies of throat cancer. He was 53.
“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
now you know how I felt! At least you can go out the window.
At on Sunday: : the Jewish Service Corps will discuss how young Jews are exploring their heritage through service
Can't believe he said that!!
You Can't Go Gnome Again
God the Astros are a pest.
21 in a few hours.
Anytime! Love food questions!
Shane is king! #envision. Who doesn't love this guy?
frat boys and teenagers. 17 minutes until the movie!
of course! It's the finals! We're breaking all the big guns out. celebs, T-shirts, loud noises…you're not gonna want to miss it!
Thanks for the RT ! BTW - how the hell are you?
*grumble, grumble...morning
Having a blast at the music city mayhem awards !
I'll rather be single than to get hurt by a guy who just wants me for my body. k cool .-.
Yay.! Yummy Noodles
thanks for the tweet to my conference audience today!
RT : RT : UFO sighting in New York! <<< It may have been THE GENIUS :-) ZOOM!
Hannah is telling the RD he can't come in the bedroom for inspections because she has female pleasure aids in there... LOL
la all day
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Hi! would you have announce from platform the #MarriageAmerica hashtag so we can all communicate better? Thank you!
Developers need an alternative to Facebook login.
A powerful mind is created by a great writer.....support great authors that's before your eyes.......-Admin K.King
Noo....but I mean...I'm down for you grabbing your boobs or whatever lol.
we can't wait to escape to Brazil this afternoon at the Macy's flower show!
Good point! We love children's books for little ones and older kids. Ramona and Little House on the Prarie are great picks.
OMG THIS CLASS SUCK ASS...2X
I love watching teenage girls try to take photos with professional cameras.
I've heard the 911 recordings. He begged for his life. Begged. Then a shot. Then an eerie silence.
Bitch look here my team is way better then your ugly ass Mcnuggets
Oh #Twitter. You little news whore you.
It's a show on ABC that stars Kristin Chenoweth. Dallas women who are "Good," "Christian," and something starting with a "B."
Cause I Know Da Bxtch Won't Use It & I Like A Crazy Mf.
E-mail submissions for the logo competition to ! Come on, designers, grab a coffee and get to it!
posting your location on foursquare just reiterates that no one needs to know where you are
What's up world, long time since I've posted anything? Tweet back if you would like to be friends!
ARTISTS looking to go on TOUR and PERFORM in TEXAS, LOUISIANA, OKLAHOMA and more call Mr Debonair
Another thing I'm not ok with? No lunch yet. Any suggestions?
all star saturday is so awful. The slam dunk contest is a joke! Please stop making this #embarrassing!
Mothers have taught us to be kind, responsible, resilient & compassionate. Let's show our mothers that we're grateful they're in our lives.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (2vp-t2)
I can hear this clown cussing into the headset all the way down the hall... smh video games are for children!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
RT From the NESN broadcast: "Jamie Moyer has not thrown a pitch this year as hard as Darnell McDonald"
You can only have one: A) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat, or B) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat Song, Bon Bon, by Pitbull. Your pick?
I love suprised i wasnt already following him.
You can hurt with your words, but you can also hurt with your silence.
Hi! Are you using your handle? Would you be interested in letting me use it for a community project in DC?
Ok I'm fine with the random Rainstorms. But the thunder; I just don't get it
it's true, ladies love the cameltoe
mmmhhmm you know it ;P
I love wolfs reply if u love them to
RT : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility. ~ Oprah Winfrey
back to buffalo
Agreed. They are very special. About to drink an Ephemere
Sitting on the porch swing with Bella and Jones. Still amazed that it's March and I'm wearing shorts...
Yoga set out to humiliate me this morning. May have to wait another year before I try that again.
Love rep on Leo Garcia 's great CD (get it if u can!) El Gallo y la Perdiz (Still good he didn't put that title literally into English!)
Storm peeking and hiding. Heading perfectly north for penn square mall. Really?
oh mkay can't wait :')
watching the bull episode! You are brave! I will tell everyone I know to follow you!
emotional tweets < stubbing your toe
Just got signed up to be a dd -___-
This man has mood lighting in his dam vehicle!
Coolest Rochester city house IMO. Did you know that was just the library wing of a large mansion that burned down?
If you talk like you big, you'll get hit like you big.
depends on what you want to do, and how much you can spend. If you're looking free, Audacity cmbned with plugins can do alot
At game so keep me up on Milwaukee and
RT - Driving into #Miami there is a huge #Dolphins billboard for #ReggieBush but someone needs to tell them there is only ...
I listen to M's games while running and that ad just *kills* me. So, so, so bad.
thanks for the support! They all are pretty much the same idea but ill edit a few more :)
Alicia Keys might as well have sang that. Just painful to my ears
#StudioLifeMiami is having a special deal on studio time this week for up and coming artists... $15/hr minimum 4 hours. Yes thats $15/HR!!!
how I know I am busy ... email come, says, "about your ppt on June X ..." and I think, "June X?!! did I agree to that? oh, oh yea. okay"
Listening to the dynamic duo Loren Oppenheimer and Abel Okugawa mixing some meditative Indian Music. Great way to end the work week.
That's a style I probably would have attempted 8 years ago...that's a hard one to rock.
On my way to see live!!!
Possessess <== Funny word. Read a speaker bio that used the word twice. Looked odd, like the person is Possessed O__o
Ugh massive tummy ache :/ too much stuffing and not enough pie! Ha but no seriously laying down rubbing my tummy right now
Aw DUDE you're a sweetheart
Please don't say Comic Sans.
<_____NF you better check this dude out one of the best artist in HTown
the green utsa one
Haha no way! "be social" as in go out after a long wk
Prepping for auction mock. Mock drafts: Impt to learn from your picks/strategy. Y we do them. Seen arrogance in past.
we are the robots!
- Very cool Fotoshop fake spot. Thanks for sharing Jane!
- thanks for the follow! How are you?
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. ~Benjamin Franklin
thanks for doing it, knowing you didn't have to. you're the best
lasan by michael kiwanuka: cannot wait for this dude to come to seattle!
WTH!! The silent bat syndrome strikes again. >___<
I lost a follower. Please bare with me as I go through this period of mourning and soul searching.
oh, wait. hah! i had their names wrong and was like "huh?" but GABE will be tough to interview. i bet i can get him talkin.
Happy Friday everyone!
A new client with a green pool just told me the pool store told them they only need to run pump 2 hrs/day. This is why you need a pool guy.
relax lady its not like that didn't mean to offend you cool out on the twitter threats tough typing went out with myspace
btw really thought you did an outstanding job with complex ideas about genetics.
Going back blonde tonight! Yayayaya
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
it is just how e shadow was sitting on his face
Another miss. RT “: #Grammys left Cesaria Evora off the memorial. #FAIL Shame on you.” | Sure did
Miss you guys too! I can't wait to visit... seriously. can't wait
so happy to see you all here!!
Naw he's lower than that -- more like the Devil's hemorrhoids...Karl's a Demon Roid!
RT : Can you explain that further? [what part?]
Watching the secret circle with Emily, Tabbi, and Lala
Attending the AHP conference in Lexington. Meeting lots of thoughtful, intelligent people. Such a great free flow of ideas happening here
lol nope but i can on Friday ;)
Hey, I have a question. Do YOU love me? Hahaa see what I did there, its a title of your duet with Sky Blue ;D
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout my friend~ hope you have a great weekend ;)
100, but I'm sure you can find an interesting way to cover that!
Good to know. Been wanting to upgrade but haven't yet. What are the offending plugins?
notebooks are very nice things to have! do not be disappointed my dear.
#you da one, is all I'm rocking out to right now!
I wake up with you on my mind, questioning myself like are you really even mine.
it's infuriating. The Internet has flattened our experiences and creativity. I'm over-saturated, jaded and need a break.
you and me both! Hope some will be available in Louisville
No never! ": Ima need for the sixers to beat this celtics though!"
if you had trouble upgrading the app, delete and reinstall. you will NOT be charged again.
What did YOU think about the Super Bowl ads? president Matt Doud weighs in on the best & worst of 'em on 2nite at 5pm!
When is the cold weather going to be here
nigga this shit has been established we goin lol there's nothing to discuss
Govmnt isn't telling Chin what she can do w/her kids on her farm-rather what she can’t do w/other peoples’ kids who she hires
Thanks for the RT!
yea, if u stop by tomorrow, I'll give all the stuff.
pls message me about one of your songs. thx.
why he wasn't mentioned - i dont know why he wouldn't have been
hot ass track
pls keep us posted on Pryce's performances. Looking forward 2 seeing him onstage.
This song is phenomenal! Thanks for sharing this. It's a crime there are only 700 listens on that page!
UNION STATION woot woot serving tacos al pastor,pollo sofrito,barbacoa,& vegan purple potato salad w/ lentil mash. You know you want to....
My friend not getting donuts haba oh now he is
you guys should DEFINITELY have in your magazine. :)
follow mee please
Thanks for the follow. Love your subject matter. Will be getting your books.
Fuck your self :)
COOL. WHEN DO YOU PAINT YOUR ROOM
totally agree about Huntsman. He's really above & beyond anyone on that stage & has been for quite for a while...
Looking forward to meeting some new people today at the Excellence in Networking BNI meeting in Fishers!
Secretly wishing that Amazon's Harry Potter announcement was going to be a new book.
I'll tell you if your shit's weak, just ask. And trust me, some of you need to ask to deflate those unnecessary big heads of yours.
so Miller could get the win then?
Brian Stafford hits a three to tie his season high with 6 made. He now has 23 pts as DU leads 56-36 over
You will never advance if you're not willing to step outside of your daily routine and occasionally do something that's "Not your job". smh
thank you for the #ff<3
I always forget there is more traffic on
This school ratchet..
I am so tickled that you are watching Murder She Wrote. You picked some great, classic television!
right? Years and years and years of complaining !
we would love to see a Snip.it collection by you
Should I rock true religion tomorrow or Rock & republic
RT if you’re counting down to Art Basel!
Hi Leigh, I was thinking the same thing! I'll send you a DM.
Ever notice how people are always really quick to get back to you, if it's to tell you they can't do something?
Am officially old -- my students say Obi Wan Kenobi is the guy with the braid in his hair - I beg to differ.
people need to grow up, get a life & stay outta mine. smh!
Had a good talk with Team owner positive out look
Right. Wait...birthday party on Saturday from 1-4, hair appt on Fri 1-3, but otherwise free.
love that movie. Classic.
i got paint all over the curtain :O
he's stupid then.
:) RT : The Count: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
The music business is ridiculously daunting
So, last night I was on bay news 9...
take care of yourself.
Working on blog post 4 about basics of #socialnetworking since I keep getting question: "What's ur secret?" Look out 4 it soon!
The Iheart Radio, is the shiiizz!
Thanks for posting on the road. I love the remote attendee options. should do this in 2012!
Great loss: RT Yes, it's true, my magazine, E&P, axed today, out of job. At office until end of year--and here, of course.
Proven. No use to try him out on the Cubs.
The coffee today tastes like I'm drinking water with cigarette butts floating around in it. Odd because I've never smoked a day in my life.
Happy new year ;D
Dear please don't leave without us were on our way!
My friend is looking for clients or venues to do his motivational speaking. Message me and I will give you his information.
Wow. Unbelievable.
Today I got two accountants' liability cases brought against our client dismissed. This is a good day :)
I'm not even safe from memories in my dreams.
The plumbers have arrived and are inspecting the shit magma coating the hillside. I'm glad I'm a writer.
&#9818; Protect Your Kids
Working on the new website, will launch it soon, the new stickyricks.net
TGIF! Hope everyone has a wonderful yoga filled weekend- we have 3 classes lined up!
I am so sorry Chirs! I will pray for you and your family and if you need anything you know my number!
i havent went on it for awhile. But everyone please follow!:)
Going to see the New Jersey Devils tomorrow night after work
What? No more SPAM? haha
Among our presenters - Sarah Newberry 'Never Alone with the Wind" - passion about sailing
N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy
Thanks for stopping in today guys I great to catch up and network.
And another Spaniard buzzer btr in a Playoffs close-out game
Are you eating clean? 80% #nutrition and 20%
And Now We Murderers, Because We Kill Time, I Knock Her Lights Out, And he Still Shine
Waiting for wyatt to go to the senior project come on were latte!
When dedicating yourself to your business don't forget to to take time time for yourself.Vacations are not a privilege they are a necessity.
Thanks for coming in today for lunch!
what happened ?
Happy mother's day yall!
My heart is in severe pain
If you read the WSJ, Google Plus is on life support. Probably true, but #SEO brand extortion and company bonuses will keep it alive.
I know you see my tweets, you tell me to much of what I say.
Trent's heisman run
Think ima take a weekend off n head to the beach
"Playd" what phone do you have?
We'd be pretty damn cute together ;)
Really looking forward to the event today !
I can't believe they put that in the news, about a elderly Man,that he let a 49 scond FART in Church, said it was his medicine that did it!
I popped some melatonin and initially answered yours aloud.
It's that time again! Pizza today is Bacon, Ranch, Peppers, Chicken Pizza for $12.00. Free toasted ravioli just mention tweet!
hhaha:) oh that ones really good!! I agree
um, did patti labelle just take her shoes off while performing, and did prince catch her heels?
K-Rec Opening Night at Maple Zone. Going to be wild
Vermes Army - we lost A battle but we are still ahead in the war. We Are Out To Win The League.
#ThanksToMyEX I can now tweet about #chadevans2 all day long! #wronglyconvicted in NH, what #injustice!
Guy next to me at the bar just said someone had to many drinks for a Sunday night you should go home party pooper! Its 2012 we stay partying
hey were all friends here
at the dentist. getting my mouth felt up by stranggaaaa's.
Oakley takes over Mammoth Mountain March 17-25! Make plans now, because Oakley Week has tons of events going on for shredders and skiers of…
here we go again..
Just started laundry to force myself to stay up working until 2.
i aint got nothing to roll this up with
what songs did she write?
should write nationally...for the enquirer.
RT : Nothing is more true "Experiential learning thrives on passion" — Chancellor Arnie Eisen
#Badgers lift "permission to contact" restrictions on ANY school outside the Big Ten. Uthoff had asked to contact 16 schools, 4 were denied
very serene pic and good for u for practicing #yoga while traveling! yay for yoga!
I was hoping you'd make it to Deleuze. Well played.
I should get my mom set up with video calls so she can see her chubby grandson in action. Not that there's much action yet.
2013 Haskins Prize Lecturer Robert Alter speaks on "The Pleasures & Perils of Translating the Bible" tomorrow
With my little cousin frankie playing with toys -.- like in 9 again :p
call me I got
I want some Bacon
damn. 2 15s win today. My bracket is shot.
I need a bf that loves a girl with a positive attitude and love to snuggle and kiss 
Isn't it ironic that the "anti-bullying crusader" bullied the dissenters?
some channel that ive never seen before called planet green? GRNHD? It makes no sense
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Come back, internets. Come back. :(
Spending time with my family are
If ya'll are out & she smells of Axe body spray for women, wash your balls in the bathroom sink cause you'll be getting road head later.
Finally I have some good SDCC luck! RT : So scored us a killer hotel. Winners!
You are most welcome!
We are happy to welcome a new member to our Sales Team. Yazmin Alvarez (Jr. Sales). You can contact her at
Did I just drink a whole pot of coffee? Ok, like half.....
the difference between a winner and a loser is the winner plays until he wins... -krit
you won't catch a fish bigger than any I've caught ! Haha
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Wow, sounds cool. I might apply and see how it works out. Thanks for the help.
They will. I am sure there are libraries in second life :)
We need to be advocates for our kids and for those who don't have anyone to speak for them
Ain't no way Brian Shaw shoulda went from LA assistant coach to Indiana assistant coach... He need to be somebody head coach
Whoo! Alright, I'm actually ready to be productive today! Even if the forecast claims storminess, I hold out hope for sunshine.
operates the NM office of , which has saved local clients an average of 23.6% since 2008.
putting his main priorities first
The parents cometh.
Bout to cut a isp to this joint stay tuned ppl.
First moment up for air all day. And it's 3pm. Now to wedge in actual work...
#finish I've finished, as soon as I locate where the beer is at on the N. Quad.
In Recruiting, players will be less than 1 star then instantly turn into to 4 stars after signing with a big time team.
“: Gray ready to spend another $350,000 in FY13 to manage Lincoln Theatre.”
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Didn't Have To Worry About Getting Followers , Mf's Started To Follow Me On The First Day.
ha I just saw ur tweet and I'm good u?
#Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life. One of the great things about book club is reading excellent books I'd never pick up, like this reinventing bio.
Details forthcoming on how you can help southern Indiana tornado victims just by stopping by for a drink.
#JoePA is gonna retire at the end of the season #whosgonnacoach!?
damn homie, well txt me dear. Oh n laptop, phone order for thailand hahahaha
Oh, sad. Glad you found the owner and your dog is healing...
“: Smashing 5am weights! Who else?” Sure did!!! Chest/Triceps
Today is such a #blessed day. Hundreds of Fern Creek Elementary students are here to pack meals for other kids in need.
happy b-day tori!
“: You can never have enough friends, so #follow ours! ”
space jam is so good it's ridiculous
porn wont put me to sleep though!
What's up Al? Still raining?
What IF I taught English like I teach drama? Work becomes a production - with an audience - with support - with feedback - clear goals
Poncho goblin mode.
Listening to Tastyface and eating Tastycakes.
ok, I'll be sure to come on monday. That's the last week before I'm out for 3 weeks
I'm looking fresh tonight
last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on my list.
We never got it in SC, but I've seen it some here. The hot dogs are the first thing we've tried. I'll look for the sausage!
thanks for the #FF!
We hope you enjoyed our display of the "Real T Tradition" tonight, which of course is turning off a quarter of Tech Tower's neon lights.
Daddy loves you savior!
2 hours left til my knight appears in his White Honda Civic to take me to LAX>>>DEN for the Indie Spirit Film Festival!!!
“: "a microphone technician who worked the halftime, said the vocals were performed live over recorded music" whooda thunk?
Michalko summary: libraries need to leverage existing collections rather than collection development, both doomed and dead.
All Jack in the Box locations have them, supposedly.
the fb block button, the greatest invention of 21st century
Lakers better stop playing around, game 7s are delightful torture.
While these ARG characters are not classic AI/machines, they are mostly digital, not "real" representations. Hmm. #hcil brownbag
Thanks Happy Friday!
he can!
SO AWESOME having at the #ForTheRecord show tonight. Your energy was felt and so appreciated by me and the WHOLE cast. Love you!!!
nahh I won't be upset. Its quite funny. Just keep the shit off the net lmao!!!!!
Haha that makes no sense?
Did I tell you that I walked right past them filming that robotic dinosaur episode not knowing it was CSI (UNLV Arena).
Still doesn't make me like the fomer more. RT : Happening Now: Mitt Romney and Wolf Blitzer both like PB&J sandwiches.
Just got everything almost done Waiting on my mom to do my facial Ughh been stressed !/:
Indy star reporting, the best!
Wondering (again) about pursuing a career in Library Science. I'm not sure if maybe I just like the idea of going back to school...
Thanks for the RT!
Jack Evans is introducing legislation to close for a period of time an establishment that violates its Voluntary Agreement.
... I'm gonna go with #Dullahan. Solid horse, solid post position, solid jockey. Also like Union Rags to be in there. Will tweet exotics l8r
Sinus Relief Bath Salt and the Antibacterial Soap with Tea Tree Oil are now ready to go. One the shelf come and get it. 20 % off today
Listening to Explosions in the Sky makes studying a little less awful
All of the lights
Pandora Radio >
Yep. You can get analysis of up to 50 tweets from the past week for free anytime and as often as you like.
I love my mom
Chris Cameron quotes:... "The gold medal was icing on the cake, ... but the cake was real rotten!”
Keep working hard. Beach Volleyball is going to explode again. Good luck this season!
GM Pretty Ricky's
Selector Sam killin it right now damn.
Those are lucky bubbles :)
New season Tues
Honestly, you don't need to make a special pleading for sooner AS A PREFERENCE to later. By definition, sooner EXCLUDES later.
These are a few of my favorite things *sings*
Cleaning the house. Then it's to the kitchen to start Easter dinner preparations.
It's pretty quiet at the Detroit airport. A little too quiet, maybe. But the sandwiches are good.
Nice work.
9/14/2010 Annual technology symposium planned Santa Maria Times
We are hiring for summer drivers. If you have the ambition and heart to drive, email us at
Kerosene, Miranda Lambert
5 4 oh yeah north shore
Continue to prepare yourself for battle. Get or stay connected to a good bible-based church.
Congrats to Brett Butler (Houston office) who sold a $900K medical facility located in Temple, TX!
Love the energy and enthusiasm of Texas librarians.
#iwny press breakfast. Looking forward to Billy B!
tweet the link
Sure! I'll send you a friend request now....Irene
was writing today's date just now, 3-3-11 and got a very weird unsettling first thought, as if something wicked this way comes.
Not yet..but I know what I need to do 😔
So true!
Agreed. I really didn't start saying it until #LOST ended.
I've been staring at ' icon for almost 10 minutes now and I can't get over it... Lol
Add Emerson, Lake and Palmer and you'll really have a party.
Can I borrow your hazard city disc, please?!
funny ....and stressful:)
If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small...
Man i was so excited I man orgasomed.
I was just beaten up for taking a rest.Security certainly has tightened up at the snooker club lately.
Facebook guidelines say you can't put a marketing message in your timeline photo. Maybe that's why our posts don't post?
"She believed that each humble thing, if done worthily, might be touched by grace." --Caleb's Crossing, Geraldine Brooks
Glad you finally get to see FTSK! I play guitar for them. Check out COLOURS and see if we're good enough to be on you ipod :)
who are they? LOL
WHERE ARE THE KIWI FRUITS?
The #Bachelor shows up on TV, my Twitter feed fills up. With things other than 's latest book-by-tweet idea.
u getting the hang of it !? Looks like it
TY! So excited! RT : Congrats on your expansion news!! We love a success story!!!
Thanks for the follow, You look like a fun follow, too, so count me in.
Please hang on Auntie Debbie, your kids and grandkids need you. #I hatedeath
In my experience it's the only way of finding people who are actually *using* Path.
so excited i'm actually getting to go to disney world this year. i miss my 3rd home so much, even if it's only been a year.
I'm doing an art project about you.I'm drawing your music,and t-shirts i have and what my mum said when i wanted to go see you live
tonight or in general?
TO WHAT IS WASHINGTON REFERRING TO WHEN HE STATES, “THE GOVERNMENT SOMETIMES PARTICIPATES IN THE NAT…
yeah :)) I hope you do!
thank for the follow
your awesome cuz u were my 300th follower =D
Where do you guys want to see us play?!
The book lau thinks I checked out was located in the stacks at the Qatar campus.
i like vodka, so what?
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
For the sake of clarity: The UWM Grind (Union location) is not affected by the reported "plumbing failure."
“: I'm 92% sure my professor has a front butt ” That's a real shame...
Headed to Guitar Center to get a new Acoustic Guitar. Going to play a #Fender DG200SCE and see if that's the one for me.
Playoff Beards starting to itch? Too Bad!
Trying to get through the conflicting opinions on Do you eat there with a #peanutallergy?
i no miss those days
yayyyyy! We think we love you!
Oh darling, won't you stand, stand by me.
I'm sorry I like to share things that make me laugh. My bad.
Oh my gosh!!!!!!! I actually scored 102 points on 1 turn in 'Words With Friends" 😱😱😱
Keempee de Leon is hoping the original "Iskul Bukol" trio Tito, Vic, and Joey will have a guest appearance in the remake version
Like the tweet, Thanks :)
Merry Christmas Drunkards!
y'all are cute lil friends
no BACKSTREET no question
The new Costco is at 1401 Mall Drive. Across Koger Center Bld from Chesterfield Towne Center.
SURF Report: 4/29/11 Pacific Beach 4-6 ft shoulder high to 1 ft. overhead fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Edge of Darkness on TNT ...Definitely #kickassfiction!
EAPH GOING FAST
I do not want to get up and shower....maybe I can rock the dreads look? haha
my human hit my line asap
On my way to acting class. Tonight monologues, backstory and subtext. any suggestions for a monologue?
yuup ;p RT watch out now ;p
is wondering if she can get through an entire weekend without TV or internet...not including my iPhone...hm guess that answer is no.
Wow. RT : Toronto welcomes our guests to Int'l #Greenbuild conference Oct 4 to 7. 25,000 delegates from 115 countries attending!
that sounded really bad...in the back, LOL it still hurts but
12 turnovers in the first half can't win if we turnover the ball
Excited 2 get AAU season going this wkend in Lax! The TW program has so much depth right now. Put r top 30 kids vs anyone elses anywhere!
I find it very strange that people hang Dream Catchers from their rear view mirrors...
Quality and quantity. 100+ construction jobs & 250+ new jobs at a site where no jobs currently exist in south San Diego.
Tierney asks: what trust factors must be in place fir us to discard journals, relying on others' holdings? Big heads
Jesus freaks
definitely listen better in ALL CAPS!!!!
the friend zone is not a good place to be
YES! RT : Coincidentally nice to be flying with and out to MSP representing in NYC, get it done.
thanks! It should be a good day/weekend with
baning some big gignatic...great concert
This memorial is the saddest thing I have ever seen.
two and a quarter. :)
En route to the "Reconstruct East North Avenue Community Open House" at the National Great Blacks in Wax Museum! Excited to attend!
At Palmetto Bay Business Association luncheon
Thanks! We are expecting snow! I should have stayed in Dallas..
Some girls get a haircut after a breakup. You get a motorcycle
Free pancake breakfest!
yimmy - HBO on-demand is under "premium subscriptions" on FIOS' on-demand section of your DVR
ok, so basically 1 last night of teaching than an entire summer to set the record straight
I can't wait until you have like a million subs on YouTube and I can be all like, "Well ya know, she follows me, no biggie."
It's official #TheAvengers is straight up LEGIT!!! & 2 post movie clips!!!
Thanks, James. I'm glad you are around. You definitely need to come and check out the show. Did you check out the website?
Sunny,Hot,Beautiful weather❤
Im not gone...not really. Youve still got my love &my friendship, thatll never leave :)
Glad our #UCTour guests saw it! RT $100,000,000 was reached for #RelayforLife at UC! Thank you to everyone that participated
Haha. It's a good way to be for a short time man. RT : Just sitting on my bean-bag chair, eating Cheetos.
From Raw Roulette to Sin City SmackDown
Gotta love me some #TimeSquare :):)
It only sucks if yo let it suck.
DCA -> ATL -> BHM post #mhs11 #mHealth Summit 2011. Looking forward to #Ben&Jerry's ice cream in ATL and to getting home.
Auditioning for Shows To Go with
no iPhone necessary, you can find Antengo on Android too! Whatever suites you best :)
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers
yea. And yea the cut out What do u want from the store for tomorow I'm going soon? And r we havin a sleepover tomorow
rip to your bro homie. Sorry hear about your loss..
iam following her !
This is a terrific AB by LaHair. Hopefully he can cash in - BB
I am so inspired
Really #chelseafc ? You couldn't help out and take care of business against an inferior #liverpoolfc ?
If im louder, would you see me? Would you lay down, and put your arms around me<3
Enterprise apps to bring bespoke BACK FROM THE DEAD
Playing cod.
Brad Paisley in 2 weeks, CANNOT wait!
I <3 it!! Want to move to Naples!!
Dude's complaining about how he "could make just as much at a law firm". Guess he's just so selfless, he's doing Gods work at Goldman!
Fuckit. The GOP should just give Santorum the nomination. He wouldn't have a chance of standing up to Obama/
#DrakeCriesWhen he hears those
S/o to the beautiful
is she going to again?!
Hate ... it's like nougat
love #gin, makes me feel British, does loading dock or canton market stock ?
sorry Colin, system seems a little overwhelmed tonight, we're working on it!
Marginalia on old meeting agendas includes characterizing someone "an absolute rat". Prob. not meant for posterity.
My ears are ringing. Hi there! Sad to be missing #leadershipchat w/the fab Flying solo 2nite :(
Sending Alexa pictures of my cat's vagina because that's what normal boyfriends do.
Its my birthday....22 years old....I'm excited!!
J, I'm praying for you! All four is us need share time when you get back. Can't wait to hear!!! Love you both.
Lots of calls about bikes today! Spring must be arriving!
RT To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
unfortunately, i have a conflict at that time. thanks for including me...hopefully it will work out next time.
as a fan and alum, thank you for ridding wku of Matt kilcullen jr. #hire SeanWoods
My apologies if anyone got any spam tweets sent from account. The spambots had conspired against me.
Practicing gratitude
lemme know whose still doin graphics, i need emails & info I have people needin work done!!!!!
Suppose to be in the upper 40's and sunny next week in Wisconsin. Time to get the bikes out.
well hop on and start riding!
haha xD my mom says he sings cute and shes cuban and doesnt speak english xD
#HistoryofBadIdeas: 1934 Coast Pilot advises mariners to apply oil to open water "for modifying the effect of breaking waves" (!!)
RT : Nothing lasts forever, so live it up, drink it down, laugh it off, avoid the b.s., take the chances and never have...
#fabolouslife i just took a two hour nap , now im on my break
RT : B4 u ask for a bus. loan know exactly how many $$ u need, what 4 & how you'll pay it back CABank&Trust (client)
When we go out we'll be crazy ....that's the guys said Crazy women
Stupid autocorrect ! I said hell not he'll
went to Chicago and did it right. Went to Al's and had one hot and wet. He didn't even get any on himself!
now its austin's cover of Let Me Be Myself - 3 Doors Down
Hahaha serenading me while I eat lunch
whats your favorite movie?:P
Visiontech Thank you for your follows!
Who the fuck is gonna take me to #Homecoming??? -___- I wanna go so badly!!!
he jumps up
are you closed today? I really want some soup :(
yay! Can't wait to hang out more at
Good morning! It's a great day to LiveSpeakLove...what are YOU going to do to make today count?
thank u brother! Long time comin! Now we gotta start lookin into apartments! Lol
Sitting on edge.......when I should b focussing on Thanksgiving praise....
Saw a massive rainbow today. It seemed so close to us you could almost touch it. Hawaii is amazing.
So full.. But i must eat dessert..
mi amore wish u all the best 2nite
...Anticipating your music flooding our US airwaves.
I hear you, but again, you've lost me, because they basically pay the bills in mean and catty and shitty and cruelty.
Celebrating 22 bday!!! Happy Two-Two!!!!
I found weisswurst without problems. Challenge accepted.
I also live in Houston and love to traverse the blue highways. I love your writing and passion
Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go to www.fosterbuddies.com/events
Congress is ruining my productivity at work #TellCongress End Piracy
LOVE U MARIE...WE R COMMING OUT 2 VEGAS AT THE END OF MAY...SO HOPING U AND DONNIE R DOING UR SHOW THEN.....!!!!
Making an announcement today .... #whatcoulditbe?
I am a selfish lady. I want the window seat.
#Crosby told #Letterman no thanks? Read why this is bad for the #NHL here - ussportspages.com
Really wanna watch hunger games.
All u can eat pancakes for $7 @ applebees in castle rock #winning Duh
Why? Because it'll showcase a beautiful moment of a family connecting with their deceased daughter ♥
I got it on and ready to watch!
Besides...u r in kansas.
Anyone else see & yesterday? Come by the booth ad check out the new line. It's tight.
Hey thanks for the follown u were hell on that california love wit crooked. please check my music out! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Had a similar convo w a friend who teaches cinema at UCLA re other perspective & he can't think of anyone other than Simon
Remember, the difference between a boss and a leader... A boss says "Go" A leaders says "Let's go"
you should make an appearance at Jana Kramer's album release party in Nashville on June 7th...
Populate your finding aid container lists with unique keywords and avoid lengthy series descriptions- mullet style- session 3
Thanks!! I'm really excited and I LOVE D.C.
Just got the poster board for petroffs project and I really don't want to do it
A big breakfast after 4 by 2k
I was on that committee this year. It's a great committee!
the holidays were good, over now! How was yours? HAPPY NEW YEAR
tell yu tomorrow
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
omg .... X_x that was horrible !
... as opposed to just having the girls tourney go to Green Bay for 2013 and 2014? Issue of gender equity in question, as noted by
The only problem with that game plan is that Ross is just as big a problem - He's clueless
Make listening to your customers part of your company culture - Warren Whitlock.
Great meeting with Excited about working together to support
dc metro riders: is there any advantage to using the farragut orange-red xfer instead of going to metro center?
Braving 66 in a few to head out to address the fighting Loudon County Dems.
Happy to hang with my girl ;)
i see that ''s money'' guy is a hater
saving characters!
lol so serious. do i kno u from somewhere?
Maybe if you'd do more things that involve me, I'll do Ore things that involve you. Until then, shutup please. :)
Warrior Gun Safes set to release (5) New Gun Safe Models. Please go to www.warriorgunsafes.com if you would like to become a dealer!
OMFG HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR A HUMAN BEING TO BE SO DAMN SEXY?! I CAN'T EVEN. JUSTIN IS A SEX GOD
so smart to! Please tell me you are a barney fan?!
#onSept11 I drove nonstop from CA to NY with friend and Broadvision colleague Bill Zujewksi. God bless all
We will broken-bat-infield-triple you ALL NIGHT LONG
Gain free technology tips and insights for your small business. Join Building Bridges for Business () and social media speaker,…
A lil sick with it tho.. but Ready
Discuss managing on-going relationships with current & potential customers including the trust factor.
Not really a hockey fan but my tv been on this bruins capitals game for a while now
Indianapolis Colts 3/4 ′ ‘I Heart Logo ’ Enamel Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
have fun bro! Any ideas on your next school? Like top options?
but better then paying high ass bill.
twitter: should I do a 10 day juice fast?
thanks! I'll make that suggestion!
i can never explain myself without someone asumming things -_-, whatever.
I miss the days when life was simple!!!
Hope everyone has an awesome weekend!
when is it over?
She produces with me...
I would tell her off if I was you.
We are following you. We sent you a message before. Please follow back. We would love to keep in touch with you. Thank you!
I was like,"the hot jock from that show! you look better on mad men!" he was also on this show on wb called young Americans...
that happened to me when Wayne's world was playing at the gym haha
#Teamwork makes the dream work.
Wait on court as usual...
Reflection: filmmaking process an interesting phenomenon...u create a story, hopefully raise $, hire actors & crew and hope they all deliver
Do you have outstanding features inside the home? Do the utmost to highlight these,DON'T just hope the buyer understands what they are!
I wanna marry someone really funny
Tonight! DIVA also has the Photography & Live Art Show!
no...but thanks for ignoring my other tweet. youre such a doll
you people are delusional
Dear best friend, I thought you should know that I miss you and all the laughs we used to have. I wish our friendship wasn't fading.
for wat g
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
...as intrigued as I am, that hint was about as subtle as a banana cream pie to the kisser.
I'm hairy
Big Ben. Steelers D can step forward, just can't backpeddle.
you should here what she says about u at home. You two need to play nice.
Don't forget Josh Wilson can play left field!
+1 : "To APIs and IPAs" #pod at after meeting drinks in Cambridge
I'm scared to take my morning poo. It's so windy!
If you going to argue your point, I welcome that, but have some damn facts to back up your argument.
Ima Beat it, Beat it up up up up up up up,
One hour till landing at #TEDActive!
loll idk yet
I dont even stress off of what aint mine :)
The Twitter Cash Coach is ROCKING!...
AH OMG IS FOLLOWING ME (her username looks kinda familiar)
merry Christmas!!! Love you.
Tired of these young black gay dudes with nasty, extremely feisty attitudes!!!
of course
The latter being the most painful RT : a weekend of Nyquil, Mucinex, and Marion Barber, I owe it to myself to have good week
You may say you listen and u maay hear what i say but do u really listen
There is one! Facebook.com/petersparty - thanks for the heads up, we'll get on the fix.
God, God, God, #please!
6 of 1, half dozen of another : )
remember when we were yelling things to Chris & his dad was like right there lol awks.
Where the parties at tonight? Tell us! Tweet and tag it with "#hipstervegas"
So good to know you had a goog time! love you sis! i'll send you my new number by dm, ok? :) i'll call u so we can go shopping!
I've always been too scared to go. You are brave.
pretty much!
Shes a wild one in bed RT : NF Miss because of her gorgeous appearance in
how's olivia doing? I miss you guys so much! I'm coming down soon!
Good Afternoon Warriors, just a couple more days till Spring Break!
Thanks to everybody who came out this weekend for New Year's Eve! We had a great time and hope you did too.
Amy could be pregnant again!! Omg
Off to the for a reception in honor of the Membership has benefits!
Attn #apartmentaboveme it's 11pm on a sunday and blaring your music is going to do nothing but further piss me off.
TONIGHT!!! come to our CD release! We play with ABQ Boys Choir, Small Game, , !! 21+ Free CD $7
Wow! English Premier League is intense!
thanks! I am a big Mid Major and MVC fan and love the story of how one guy at that level can change the game!
Thanks Luke! ( :
#vsa2011 not just dinosaurs! Learning about their Urban Advantage program & partnerships.
It's the best parts of the 90s and today. Coolest city in the world.
Testing to see if this updates LinkedIn.
Guy in motor chair filling his old school wooden pipe with tobacco
So glad it was busy at Great job!!
OMG that's not what was planned POed
Modest is hottest.
“: needs to get their asses to Lexington to play a show ASAP.” as you wish!:)
