“ I hate when bitches on Sweet 16 act all surprised. Bitch you knew your spoiled, rich ass was getting a car.”
not anti-puma. Anti-orange period. Clemson, UF, Miami, Auburn, Texas, Illinois, Syracuse....
I am wondering why some people bother to wear earphones. Why not just use a boom box because it would be just as loud.
I never thought this day would come, so many emotions at the same time. Nana wouldn't want me to be sad. Wake's are so awkward, I'm so sad.
RT : Hey and any idea why 395-s is standstill? // cc
Without the loyalty between us, we are no better than the beasts dat try to ripe us apart.
I pledged a second time in honor of the WABE news team.
do it!! I love mine so far!! I'm just sick and out of it, and forget I have it! Haha. But it doesn't hurt at all! do it!!
don't ya hate when that happens?! #drunkbitch lol
my heart did a whole grinch-style 3x growth in joyful anticipation of your return.
oh baby, impress me? he does.
Excuse Me, is you saying something? Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
I can hear my mum breaking down. I don't think I can deal with this! :'(
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
you better come visit! :p now I can do the hand dance live lol... "the way I are"
Feeling is mutual Jon. Thanks for the #soslam love. RT : good folk fo sure
#tinafey looking hot on the
its ur birthday. u shouldn't be upset.
Early sleep, sleeping in tomorrow.
i requested a song and i picked that one and i was the first one to do that and the first to do shake it up theme song!!!!!!
iPads are the new entry point to Apple products, study says
Salute to the following: PLUR
They will certainly help me make my mind up..
Club Techno Sexual.
Sending good energy to all my friends in New York. Stay safe!
I Fall Off In The Club...And Holla Fuck A Bitch...And A Nigga Then...#CauseIGotMyPistol!!
Where Thomas racist ass?
RFT ! “: Who came up with the idea of school?”
Oh c'mon...you're that memorable. Don't sell yourself short.
lol I'm gonna try and stop being mean to you ..
excellent idea
I might end up going to SVA next year. I should start working on my portfolio.
OMG!! Lady Antebellum knows the words to my songs "Luke Bryan" and "Then and There"?? They were singing it backstage last night in FL!!!!
When did checking for ear hair become part of my daily regimen?
are you serious? Which location?
Saw a fast car today on IN 465: Once I would have wondered about the engine. Now I worry about its brakes. <sigh>
working trying to stay out of trouble. Just making sure you're doing the same!
hahahaha I was just making sure. Ill be there, just make sure you send me all the info b4 hand
I like to call those #whitepeopleproblems ;) Hope all is well Chew
I wanna go to Italy and Dubai and Greece next week!! Seriously, no more DC!!!
come visit me at goldsss
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! PLEASE
Loving my time here! It's only been 2 weeks as a senior transfer students and I am loving all my classes and professors!
MT : My Colleague, My Paymaster: The system, developed at Linden Lab, has been adopted by online review site Yelp..
If you were wondering I don't care if I have 1 or 1,000 at an event the impact is still the same. #getalife IJS
check out farmer's market on Figueroa near 6th
I just did a dance in my house..seriously. I'm so damn excited. I hope my twitter begging made this happen!
Perfectly imperfect
Ouch RT "NBA fines Delonte West $25,000 for 'wet willy" incident. Surprised West says LeBron's mom only charged $25."
Everybody add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz
Number one rule of dieting: If it tastes good, spit it out.
Pumps n a bump lmao
You really need to talk to me about this. I'm a fancy person when it comes to audio gear of any kind.
Looking forward to the family reunion in Houston this weekend!
I missed their spinach dip and mac salad. I know. Weird.
Omg i cant believe this ROCK beat that ass
I blinked and missed your broken foot--hope it mends soon and the itch wears off sooner!
Driving range session number 3 today: very average at best. My alignment is all jacked up. Gonna have to fix that.
Watching and on Bravo's Watch What Happens Next!
I'm bout to take a drive somewhere!.
This rain....
And if you look at clock at 7:11, it means your wish will come true! :O) : no! It means make a wish! RT “
Justin Turner!!
#YouCuteAndAllBut if you're still trying to impress your ex, I can't be your next.
Hella helicopters outside.
Riding in CicLAvia? Come by and say hello! We're open in both locations, 11AM-5PM today.
Facebook moves more & more towards the platform model with apps built on top of it RT : The breaking news this morning is that...
Drove to six flags like a thug with only having three hours of sleep ! Lmfaooo
I love when it's impossible 2 quit something based on repetition! Just think, ur giving all of those mugs a nice home ;)
^_^ would be awesome!!
rest in peace California, i'm here!
I'll leave the fame&fortune4guys at places like Kentucky...cause no one will ever question how I got what I got, why Im going where Im going
dude, I love it. I lived in STL CWE (06-09) and my Mom is a Domer. Go Irish, Yanks, Cards, SLU BIllikens!
listen to Berrian. Let's talk about football. When BF plays the game, give him some air.
I'm a work in progress
Office Olympics update: Team North Korea beat Team Argentina in a Chair Soccer shootout to play Team Canada today for 3rd place.
hm. Seems hard to believe.
Mark me down for that! I'll meet you there!
Ended up at work 4 hours early. Reading magazines and perhaps a nap before work LOL
I swear IGNORANT, INCOMPETENT, I KNOW IT ALL PEOPLE can be so nerve wrecking. You got so much mouth and ain't saying nothing.
Just nailed a seriously last second Audition request!! Cheers!! Claudia- Prison Guard at Alcatrez!!
WTF is SOPA? It's something that will censor all of your favorite websites, including YouTube and Twitter. RETWEET if you are against
Hey gang- Thursday night's event this year is going to be barhopping in the Virginia Highlands area of Atlanta
DC: on the campaign trail this morning. 10 days till the primary and G Day! Get out and vote! See you at the SE Tennis Center!
agreed your tweets make you look like a pansy. Get er boiiiiii
Tom Zenk would get arrested for selling roids in the parking lot.
so you admit you have it harry?lmaoooo
Is there anything better in this day & age than doing what you love and getting paid for it?
Spring Break
i just get shit faced and then mw3 seems like a decent game
Bieber For Grammy :D YES......<3
Condolences to D Rose. Torn ACL is about the worst injury in sports. Get well soon.
Why does Angry Birds Make Me so Angry
damn near had a stroke folkz lol
Air Max Should Washington area drivers hear more traffic safety ...
27 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
every day is a page in your story ...and you relive it when you think of the past ...and each day pages turn as if episodes are aired
If i lay here, if i just lay here would you lie w me & just forget the world
$5 Box Lunch Today: CURRY!
Newt Gingric is talking, but NO one is listening. Go back into hiding Pillsbury Doughboy.
Who's ready for Black Friday? I'll be at Best Buy, where will you be at?
1 MORE FOLLOWER TILL 600! FOLLOW ME NOW.
Hey girly how goes it?? :)
thx for the shout out. Curious about what your thinking about librarylab
RT : Delicious getting almost usable again! All tags visible, auto-complete on tags, toolbar "save" workflow functionality back on
im good at work chillin wyd
RAP BATTLE LETS GOO
Happy halloween!!
Thanks for the RT!
Pay-Per-View fights on TV and DreamGirls on stage! We're showing UFC 146 Saturday May 26!
THE NEW BIG THREE.....
Why do I need to find you I think to eat and ppl to beg for food
Preach. RT Dear Arnie Duncan. Keep teaching to the test. U will grow a generation and culture of inhumanity
I hate it when I try to remember something, so I keep on saying it over and over again on my mind, but I still end up forgetting
-- so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!
Smile: you can model it
Let's Go Pittsburgh Bullets
Its nice to see so many ppl on fb posting on my wall "feel better" <3 makes me feel loved.
#Oaxaca Relationships really count in disaster--really shows if we care abt people & can help them in time of need, so has huge blessing too
Happy #MothersDay to our treasured followers. You moms are amazing!
yup. shut y'all ass up
Are you an actor? What was the first project that you did? Share your experience.
i'm in it to win it!
Seymour girl: I remember when I was little and cheered kay gee:yeah I remember when I was a bitch. Oh wait still am love ya kay gee
I think they did that to themselves back in the 90's....lol
The Audacity of Soap
#Entrepreneur & #SmallBiz support programs --
The new smoke free commercials are scary
Is branding valuable to a professional service? Yes, it can be valuable, if the effort is made to develop -- and sustain -- a true brand.
It's Fried egg, fried egg.... Sunday comes after Saturday... like if you get it... Rebecca Black.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again.
If you could see the AMAZING shepherd's pie being created by Chef Steph you would be right now- it's crazy
thanks for the VIP silent auction donation for and #NYE party!
The toy is fun, safe, durable, and attractive.
As a former Catholic it makes sense, sadly.
At 7:40pm find out who has the mic next!
most people get justin to RT them by spamming ... womp
I am not a Human ;)
Social Media is about to have one of its biggest revolutions in history tonight. You might want to follow me to be a part of it :)
but is that 8-14 characters? And not any combination of letters of your last 15 passwords?
“ ispeak my mind if u dnt like it oh well”' Truth
does anyone out here work for an org that uses canvas, sakai, olat, or moodle for online course delivery or as a corporate lms?
I don't know who I love more, or Larry Sanders.
If you could go anywhere in Europe, where would it be?
Must admit: I don't know what a "Waterfall" is.
Good morning to all of you lovely people!!! What song do you wake up to? Right now, mine's You and I by Lady Gaga. : )
Idk why they call cowards pussy. Because my pussy is fucking wonderful and is not scare of no fucking dick.
really?! Must be the haircut sis! Lol
To Mothers who excel at raising great children....To Mothers barely hanging on and to the rest in between....I salute you
last out for Pedey
here's the deal - I held out for the Super Bowl last year and it was worth it. I feel Indy calling my name.
i'm flying to dallas on TUESDAY!! when do you get home?
Oooooooohh and Mikey dismisses Dino the minion He took out the flyswatter on your ass
Thanks. The blue on the print & poster images are fine. It's like my digital banner image has faded with age! Time for a new site.
I miss playing soccer Soo much /;
Me to! RT I. STILL. LOVE. DANCE.
Such a fabulous wedding weekend behind us and another ahead! Busy Busy at #SwankeyHQ :)
Student perspective of interdisciplinary sciences in action
hey are we still making shirts?!
how did you come to that realization??
While building the brand, support & nurture community. You need to focus on both - that's what makes
You gon learn today!
wish we lived closer, we'd be there!!!
Pretty certain he was kidding. But it would be kinda funny.
Obsessed with table scaping.
Having trouble getting the pump:/
is hoping all of our friends in Japan and the US coastal areas stay safe.
Do HBO early renewals still carry the same weight after the fig-leaf cancellation of Luck?
Whoa Whoa, when I went home and let you know, you were already at home as well. You were a no show.
You should be playing on the console, vs , in the Tecmo wasteland bowl.
fight, no, talk trash, absolutely... looks, i won't argue that, we're both handsome men!
I want the sun to go down already!
Great book, though I'm not sure I see the connection between Ada and economical writing... many would go for Speak, Memory.
All paths related to the sales cycle, technology, process, selling skills, lead to one final destination: the customer.
I don't follow eggs!
... School .. I'm so tired though:/
:D : So you'll get the paperback of "Official Book Club Selection" 6/1 & watch new Bravo special 6/8 & come c me in Vegas 6/10?
She said that he said he's sorry ...i said he got that rite
New Thermobalancing Therapy for BPH and Chronic Prostatitis Is Free from ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Career Opportunity for 2012! Product Manager: linkd.in/v0G7tt - SolarWinds - Austin, TX
21 jump street in theaters tomorrow! I really wanna go see it!
It's also on at Wolski's Tavern
Hey Old Town Chicago Friends, Join us on our Fan Page!!
Who all graduating with me Friday?
follow me love
I should clean my room and do some laundry.
Purple is my favorite colour
Anyone else think that #HARDCOREPAWN needs to be an hour long show?
it's sarcasm. I don't drink or do any drugs
Oh, yeah. It's Easter... um... I'm going to work.
wat up G
& B.o.B. collaboration is pretty sick.
Like any good cable channel.
haha great remix!
I got there at 5 originally but a cop made me leave lol
please draft DeCastro
hi, I resent my email. I hope you get it.
You dont have to be a superman, batman or iron man. Just be my man!
I say it to you all the time, I tell you it makes me upset AND YOU STILL FUCKING DO IT. So dont even
I feel like going to disneyland
SURE! Yolks? I live on the square so anything within walking distance is good for me!
QoTD: "Everyone has his burden. What counts is how you carry it." (Merle Miller)
Having more than one guy or trying to have more than one
Currently at 5 miles. Boom.
I'm working on this narrated pres for a class project.I'm damn near yelling into my laptop&the audio play back is still too quiet. Any tips?
Thanks. Ya, the Maharaja beer is pretty tastey!
So Cute♥
I don't blame you I mean a drunk girl with one sock did break into our dorm room
It is a sad and pathetic person who takes delight in ANY person getting hurt for ANY reason. Those joking about Rose's injury are classless.
Presently at EDC meeting 2 hear County Commissioner Dennis Moss speak on issues relating to Miami-Dade County.
1st of all darrayln tweeted me b4 u so shut up 2nd of all i havent tweeted my ism 3rdly i just tweeted yo ass
THE Becky Livers!!!!
Texas in lower 1/3 of states in kid's well-being, acc to National Kids Count Data Book released last week by Casey Foundation.
for your courage, integrity & honesty. Your truth is important and inspires those who can to follow. Gracias.
Follow the homuie on twitter!!!!
I might just be the only gringo in Puebla
If you don't speak up about what you want --- you'll never get it.
Like Alec Baldwin, I've gotten very good a raking leaves.
Having dinner w/#notacon medic team.
omg, so cool!! RT Remember tomorrow is the Revenge of the 5th!!!
Fire dept has arrived. Police are all wearing gloves and wiping down their shoes.
it was good I left when I did. I pulled a : as soon as I walked in the house
Wish you got on here more often Vladi... You've been missed :( my FAV SOCCER PLAYER IN THE WORLD!!!
20 days left of school, why am I being assigned a project !?
Can you pose with a headband and big sunglasses:)
Super Bowl Recipe Exchange - East European Recipes Today's Super Bowl recipe comes from Barbara Rolek, our Guide to Eastern European Food
Women so lonely now, they tryna breast feed they kids til they 9yrs old just to feel somebody suck on they titties! -_-
Did u leave me again???
shake your bodyy
A diet healthy is important for everyone but did you know that a specialized diet could improve your autistic child's symptoms?
that would be so s sry I would poop. I love you Boobear!!
Amem, Awemon and Apeople, to that! and thanks for following haven't spoke to a rabbi since I was in the Pride of Judea Orphanage.
I'd like to request David Bowie - "All the Young Dudes" Thanks!
Happy Birthday to the always entertaining
Learning about other organization's Content Strategy on today's webinar! Good stuff!
I wish they would have put Tebow in since the beginning of the season!
“: I remember when Laney 5s and white/silver 5s were on sale for 69$, nobody wanted them, watch people. Line up for 12 hrs now”yup
RT : Winter Storm Watch for Sunday: Ozaukee, Washington, Dodge, Jefferson and all counties further north.
Saw the sunrise for the first time in months.
yeah I remember you told me they were in theater 3d or something right?
Finally figured out that I know these poems and can stop clobbering them with intention.
Never had it. Should I try it? :p lol....what would you recommend?
3,700. Step your game up son!
Indeed it was.
“: acuity counts against teachers... that's why I click random answers then sleep. :)” haha mrs. Heldman... Sucks for her 😄
what?I gotta vent sometimes too. Lfmao. Thats rite though, sometimes u just gotta roll with these punches rather than against em
Off to two hours of Wushu class!
I got all new beats compliments of ya boi Izzy!! We Outta here!!! Studio soon show saturday
Happiest girl in the world right now :)
it has hints on the cover which show what the 1st book is about,
niggas wanna go back to like 08?
You're the reason I check my phone every 5 minutes, just to see if I have a new message.
So many prop bets, so little time. Go Rams.
It's definitely a BLAST! Tons of great people and a great after party as well!
I just jumped out of my seat celebrating the Yankees blowing a 7 run lead. This week has been a complete mind fuck.
I did.
Judging a person does not define who they are it defines who you are.😌
Best of luck on your continued tour.
Jean Craighead George, author of children's book classics including 'My Side of the Mountain' has died at 92
How is everyone?
man the boogie monster would be scared straight!
did ya hear the new one ? :)
wait lol i forgot i get no mentions on here.
After the Drake concert Thursday everyone goin to Fetish Houston for the after party ! Drinks on me tho !!!!!!
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought. This is very good.
you are correct, ask off for the 13th game is at 730 pm on the 12th
nariz :( you followed the October 1? to me the 2
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
I'm working with a #media spokesperson who can provide #power outage safety tips and advice about home
didn't look once I realized they weren't DVDs. Mighta bought them if they were - been working my way thru the series on Amazon
I don't know Arkansas AD Jeff Long but I have huge respect for him.
Knowing exactly what u want
It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding. -Kahlil Gibran
Goodmorning! :D finally up. . . Wait -_- its pretty damn early still lol.
Just reading some good stuff and get ready for tommorrows class... We be performing at the end of March. Enjoying down time.
Thanks for checking in!
Sad to miss these (to go to 's class) RT : Up later today at #sciencedenial conf from : and
It was good to see you too! Have a safe flight!
great testimony for the power of the cause. Can't wait till the next !
Hi Lara, I enjoyed your ABC article on gluten intolerance. Are you planning anything for Celiac Awareness Month in May?
Hey my photographer friends: Looking for a good proofing site? I'm in love with Best pricing and powerful coding.
What?? Whatever... 6 points
#Bonordstrom my little secret is almost gone. Best pants, period. Though, don't grow too big for your britches, he he, get it?
Comforter straight out of the dryer =
Dang! 'Dry clean only' top went thru the washer & dryer. It's so cute now. It could fit a child's doll.
Ay good look nothin but #success during the #PopHour !
Hope you had a great weekend! Tweet us and let us know what jazz artists you listened to.
Yay, know you will make it a great day! RT : I woke feeling great this morning
why can't i go to school this late every day
I know it does & I def. am, she'll kill me if I dont anyway lol but awh thxx!
Stop asking me stupid questions.
Frustrating. Extremely slow 3G speeds, and a recent bug with iOS 5.1 which splits up text messages that are > 80 characters.
I hate it when the barista puts Splenda instead of Sweet N Low in my iced coffee when I specifically asked for Sweet N Low.
myriad amounts of laundry
WE OUT HERE!!!
Kevin Jonas () is hosting the Do Something Awards tomorrow night.
will you be at Lebanon?
Come for some beers--if u have time. No buying. That is right--drove passed & saw your roof being done. Are they done? :)
The young ones don't know who they are, and they don't want kids, they want their good times. I've got no time for that :D
I'm so pumped to see my family! Mueller Christmas includes delicious food booze and dancing to Christmas music
omg I just watched a music video from that choppa city guy from making the band...shit was terrible.
And Liberty Elementary's Alita Walker will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
some days i blow like Marley / feel like 2pac / move like Kobe / jab at life like Ali / talk like Malcom but when i look @ me i c all imean
Ima Boombox kid a Stereo Teen. Music is in my blood and dance defines me.
haha, yea you would! French bread FTW! I'm from Sao Paulo :)
Last Night @ Estilo Was Really Packed The Line Was Around The Building!!! SHOUT OUT TO B.G ent & NICK TREY, D1, DJ DETON8 AND THE CREW!!!
That one guy in class that laughs at everything obnoxiously
Have you played Scene It on Xbox? Great family fun, and I love a video game where I can beat the kids.
I love coming back home from a trip.
im making deadlines for myself
That's awesome. Glad ur feeling well. Blessings on that baby! Please say hello to ur hubby...we'll be in Atl next weekend.
ayaujwhauabqiabqiagq we need to go :(
well i was flirting with the guy for 3 days straight.. and now he finally tells me he is gay!?
Happy Festivus everybody!
what we got to do to get my man back to florida! Best clinic man around!!!
Everybody's trying to make money now by telling other people how to make money. I was sad to see a fellow novelist taking that approach.
Let's remember the victims and families of those who lost their lives to the devastating tornadoes last year. I'll never forget 4/27/11.
Football...football...football! I like professional football. Grew up on the Green Bay Packers in the 60's. Watching all playoffs! Go Pack!
Students from Gompers Preparatory Academy are about to present to me the challenges they see in their neighborhoods.
Genji calling ... good M-THR sushi ...
On my way home.. Legs shaking!
pay no mind to those who start drama. The more upset it makes you the happier it makes them. Don't give them that pleasure
Steak & Shrimp on ma mind 🍤🍤
follow me please
Stay tuned 4 official summary of proceedings of 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention coming soon!
i am so sick and tired of been sick -___-
we is good! we don't fight that much anymore :D
I hope there is no audit! RT : supposedly...LOL...but Ill defer to the bean counters on that one...
Q5 Is there a cheap way to make a spin machine (whatever it's called) w/ campus info instead of fruit & numbers?
Sending #love to my friends and collaborators this
Aw, thank you! :) There are all kinds of surprises on the internet if you look for them!
to top it off we can try and make Annabelle laugh :)
thanks for the RT and link love!
It's been 1 month, 10 days. When I saw these, you instantly went through my mind. Happy Mother's Day Grammy <3
#sharkweb Separate webinar subject area in divisible sections.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would not be able to find such amazing people and have my message go viral. Make Child Sexual Abuse Grooming A Felony
I Love you.
I am. Go steelers !!!
#ghlive If I was there I so would.....LOL. I have a 6 pack of beer in my mini fridge now......LOL
Sitting in hotel in Winchester on business. Hotels are intersting. Good people watching. But too much time to think when on the road.
and since I declared I'd be booing him every time he walks up to the plate till he's sent down
construction starts ahead of schedule on NB I-69/116th st/SR37. Drivers brace for a summer of back ups and INDOT talks timeline at 5
I can't wait to see everyone at the show later! The Lily Pad. Cambridge, MA. 4pm. $10. & more!
Let's do it!
Gearing up for a tubular TBLMS w/ The Roaches, Protean Collective and Coffee Blue. Hear it @ noon
I LOVE these LONG campaign trips!!! What?? No, don't worry about running the country ... Joe has everything under control!!!
Merry Xmas to all! Ur support this past year has been amazing! To Jim Thorpe, The Legendary Dobbs, Dave & Buster's, TLA, WCL, Tin Angel, TY!
So what's gonna happen when Lebron stays in Cleveland and D-Wade stays in Miami
dueces everyone talk to you when i can peace
WORK AT HOME TIP: Keep your business active. Every action motivates you toward another action.
Enjoy!!! A very happy Valentine's Day to the entire crew.
#followfriday - If anyone doesn't know about , please check it out - amazing lectures by brilliant people.
haha, from a box still counts! Leftovers at the Tohi's is be *very* surprised
Ha not yet, had deicing issue! : ru betting it all on black yet, swinger? Hope flight was "so money, baby!"
I wore super girls shoes today and I hafta say I've never been so well treated... Girls who wear heals- is this why you do it?! Haha
I may not have run today, but I did delete the Dominos app off my phone.
Since my DVDs are packed... and #Avengers has me in the mood for some Joss Whedon . Time for Buffy on Netflix!
Sisters gonna be here from vegas in a bit. So excited to see her
The next Rhapsodomancy reading will be on Sun., Dec. 13th at 7pm. Meehan Rasch, Steve Abee, Diane Wright, & Susan Taylor Chehak will read.
Great work!
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Lol i just caught myself doing #Zumba moves on the dance floor o_O
I've walked by six guys toking on public sidewalks
Sat night, Guy 2 seats down at #Ranger game was so drunk he was passed out before Ian's leadoff HR. Why even buy a ticket if that's ur plan?
just kidding... I misunderstood ur location! Thats it! Thanks :)
Just saw some one armed motorcyclists in chinatown....
Neil Patrick Harris :) RT : Regis is retiring. Who would you put in the chair next to Kelly?
I hope when oprah gets her exclusive with OJ she asks him why he was driving such a bootleg car like a bronco
Interested in Bonsai? The Indy Bonsai Club meets here on the 1st Wed of the month (7-9pm) w/demos, lectures & advice on the art of Bonsai!
Is it a coincidence that today is National Stalking Awareness Day and Mr. William Shatner is in town?
Crap! I think I have a cold
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better. ~ Shakespeare
Thank you to everyone who came out to support Xpress Magazine Wednesday night! Love, the Xpress Staff
Days have names now. "Super Tuesday", "WTF Wednesday", and Thirsty Thursday". We don't mention Monday.
That last Tweet was for : Council President by day, Raccoon Hunter by night.
Dad completely ignored the nuts and almonds mom packed for the road and bought fritos and dip from the gas station. Win.
it's fine really. Don't feel bad
The first person you think about when you wake up is either the reason for your happiness or the reason you're hurt..
Finally had time to sit w/Hunger Games CD. Verdict? It's okay, not great. 5 great songs. The rest, as we say in NYC, "meh".
Are you ok?
You know you made a poor decision in roommate/tenant when you over hear them talking about their sister going to prison
great presentation! thnx for the pie charts & cookies!
Out pounding pavement on Music Row. Trying to pull a rabbit out of a hat or find a needle in a haystack. Whichever metaphor you prefer...
#TheMostCommonLies "Trust me, I will call you back, Give it time" - Statements from SEO companies once they have $ but can't deliver results
Good update on DuClaw. But your story does not contradict mine, which made it clear a deal could still happen.
Thank you Harold! Harold in Portland, OR answered someone's call for help!
teabagging all of the furniture
I'm ready for it to be next Sunday!!!!
I think ill just stand next to you!
Goodburger is on 
D'awww. Old people putting "www." in front of their email addresses.
I think I missed this yesterday, but is there an unofficial/official game set for #ThrowbackWeekend2?
That awkward moment when you find cookie dough in your cookie
damn, bombass chicken tacos, half chicken and half salsa WEET SUM QUESO MAAAYNGEE
ima txt u when I get out
I hate going to Walmart becuz you go for one thing and come out with a basket full of ish!
#SApro Tweeters: Agree/Disagree? RT : i'm not sure that being radical actually does anything. System is constructed not to change.
Hello Everyone!!!!
But it is nice when ur little to do all the activities and such fun things...but being an adult having to fix the the shit up.bunny please!
Brent Morel coming to the plate to Simple Kind Of Man says a lot.
welp that's just the way the cookie crumble sometimes
Lost 20 minutes waiting in while cruising in LA traffic due to minor accident. PEOPLE, pull off the road to exchange info......
Where is this neighborhood in #TreeOfLife. Looks two blocks off of Main St. USA.
Take a bow. Very well done.
Sherrie - but again he tweeted acquisition and possession
Hey, Daddy'O!
Now following whats been good! How is AZ treating ya
Small Claims service $40.00 for the remainder of March 2011! Basic Service area only! Please Retweet! Thanks!
That is too bad, we are all about partaking in concessions, but working for the team sounds fun too :)
#LAgirlProblems RT : I look like a slut.
{shakes head wearily, refills his coffee mug} Weekends don't exist when you're trying to launch a product.
My dogs loved their big special walk today, it was sunny enough yesterday to burn me, finished my grades
haha yeah she is really good .:haha:) you really have a good choice:) we're the same I Love her too:)
yea that will be nice but they dont like c webb
drive to south dakota! And bring with you. see ya at 5am lok
Can't wait to see my lovies tonight!
I was trying to get my small feets in the picture. Duh. Asshole.
RT : She. Cute♥
tell your momma happy mothers day as well babes <3 :*
and he still stuck it in, scary
Excited to see what the are gonna do
Of course the colors look good lol
Happy Friday tweeps!!! Enjoy the sun!
Q2) Can be many things, I need to know this now, or I need to learn this on my time
Wowza. Just listened to the Bulls beat the Bucks on my shower radio in the living room with crappy reception. Good times.
just voted for you, you're awesome.
8 year old jeff fox jr just told me that wade dunk needs to be on worldstar ! Lol
Jamming some mayday parade on this drive to Muncie. 🎶
better be in the gym
we had we bones last night too!
THE LIBRARY OBVIOUSLY
yes it is the problem ia that its due tomorrow amd I havent started my outline just gathered ATON of info
So trueRT : The moment you start caring about what other people think, is the moment you stop being yourself.
at jake's
Better eating has really put me in tune with my body.Translation, I falter for a few days, and my body quickly reminds why dairy is so evil.
i love that tweet honey B
' me too
Friday the 13th(:
back at you! SIBC
Bang bang bang!
Go from making useful stuff to making stuff useful.
I just hacked into my best friends twitter account.... She is gonna kill me for doing that! *Runs and hides*
Well, that completely sucks.
Gotta eat lunch in class
Im so hot
Feels like Friday! I'm home with a furlough day today & I was out late last night. You're right. Darn! What a surprise.
Top 3 Cody songs in no particular order... So Listen, Angel & On My Mind! Disclaimer is that it changes daily!
as long as she can stay in the so called "circle"
You give me strength to beat the odds, And overcome my fears, You make me feel like I belong under the sun
I know. Its sad dude. No time...
better analogy, plus a little bitchy, I love it
so many have gone without they are not just dying but injuries left untreated have made so many incapabale of physical labor
skools almost over, hungry like always, come on bell ring!!!!!
thanks dude I'm gonna go get one
Ok well that's debatable
Dr Hoffer apparently stole my idea, and think its funny, that's not funny!!
no!!!! What?! So jealous.
Well, keep your head up :)
Ignorant bitches screaming outside my window....take y'all simple asses home...the party over
Ugh, hate you mom -__-
oh is always here. Except for the time he fell asleep in the couch.
In my fridge is a craft beer called 'Bitter Woman From Hell' (Not mine. I don't drink. Yeah, shut up)
Perhaps Coco Channel a better choice. RT Can't say I've been impressed with Karl Lagerfeld in goal for Canada this year.
That's what I tell first-years! "Embrace entropy." I also break rules. I.e. I procrastinate.
Good luck to Lenore and Li today at #acrl2011 (or is it #acrl11?). I'll be here at work following the tweets.
RT : Bummed about missing #12NTC, but too many projects finaling right now to get away. can assure you we feel that.
Deciding what you want online: Have a reason to share, understand how context matters, & NMI-not my info-is new TMI
or further evidence that oberlin nerds remain oberlin nerds no matter the coast.
young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards. ~Anatole France
I wish I was born in the 20-30s. =]
“Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”
For a quick and easy dinner call my friends
You can email us for a bulk order or meet us for lunch at KPTV in Beaverton Thursday, April 12th!
I find myself really liking both and #TheAvengers, so I guess I have to leave Twitter now.
Just tapped Pike Kilt Lifter Scotch Ale.
that's good. School is going great. :-)
Good morning good afternoon to some hope my tweephearts have a good day:) xo s
So are we. will be there. Keep an eye out for his booth. Wld love 2 meet you. RT : I'm excited for the rainbow festival
OMG WERE SO AMAZING IN CONCERT OMG. MY INNER MEXICAN CAME OUT. DALLAS TE AMA! x
Don't you just hate stuck up people.. get out of your own A#8S! Xx
man I just feel like she may be on her last leg.. lol shes seen better days. She lived a great life
"Every child deserves to fly"--great example of positive reframing for a balloon release! Thank you Mayfield!
I am so glad you read it.
Tell someone about us!
“: setting up a tequila shot for my teammate who broke her pinky playing sand #happycincodemayo”
Vacation ownership resilient in tough economy: Vacation ownership products have enjoyed very healthy occupancy rates compared to othe...
Also: "I would have to look that up on the internet. Are you online right now?"
picking up a mystery package at the ups cust center. funny, I didn't order anything.
Sunday blues setting in.
ASK ME SOMETHING! ANYTHING :)
Report from : the Webster women's clothes are cute; Lilly Pulitzer-ish. got a dress & shirt!
If you feel like sharing, who are you on there?
Don't like that my kiddos are stuck in DC now with the sitter (at least she is awesome!)
I bet you are RT : I am about to DEMOLISH this Freda's
ding! Ding! Ding! We have a winner!
Five or so police cars or ambulances (ambulanci, as I like to call them) just passed my house. Who wrecked shit up?
thanks Mitchell, speak soon
Every time I wash my car, it rains. Got a drought? Just give my a hose and a sponge.
Thanks for spreading the word.
Ok, my gym can take down the "Missing Member" picture of me. I'm back.
The first tweet was sent 6 years ago by founder Jack Dorsey. It said "just setting up my twttr". #HappyBirthdayTwitter ! TY 4 everything!
ill take one!
I LOVE MY SIS.
It has to be Peppy. Congrats, Erik!
Arlington Calendar May 3 - Virginia Connection Newspapers
Almost died in the ocean trying to save raft.
Hey all you ladies (and supportive men) check out ! is only 11 months away!
Do you think a deal today is possible?
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the interview :)
Field trip with one child tomorrow. Paper due. One Skype call. Can we add a few more hours to the day? Boy, that would help.
Excellent interview.
On another note, I am so sad and jealous STILL for all those who participated in the #311cruise. The pictures are all so cool!
If ya know what I mean!
I wanna play in the puddles...
aye are you guys going to the party?(;
Huntsman: We've been hit twice: once on 9/11, and again on economic crisis
Advanced placement geometry. DAMN I'm not smart lol
Happy 448th Birthday to the man that group LFO had to audacity to call "Billy": William Shakespeare!
Ick! Let that heal! Sorry to hear that!
1 more minute of work...
excellent pick! Didn't even think of that!
No, thank goodness!
survey USA polls are horrible in terms of accuracy
good job I'm proud of you.
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
he's coming back in town for the weekend though. hey~
Just finished wk3, day 1 of C25K, better than I thought and feeling great!
If Chase bank is here on Earth...who is running hell. You greedy fucking swine, douche cocks.
Who wrote that
Thank you for the s/o!
get in :) excited to see your shexy fashe xx
when guys kiss my forehead >>
I miss you ♥♥ You guys should come back to Florida soon!!! :)
what's up
Tnx for the RTs follows and mentions
Good morning #ilvolovers it's Friday yeahh have a wonderful weekend I love you all team be safe ..
Don't miss our LIVE workshops today, and Saturday, on the I-CHING with Stephen Karcher! Check our websites for details: prs.org and uprs.edu
#Question Who is your favorite Yankee?
Afghanistan is one thing, but it's not just neocons that support the endless-by-definition GWOT, unfortunately.
go to go and get ready for my concert tonight :)
It is a delightful composition. My pleasure!
I stood there and thought "of course".
DO YOU HAVE A GF?
ok babe
Clients that outsource business processing functions, are expected to reduce cost, improve efficiency, productivity and profitability.
i think it's important to instill confidence to community that Council is wanting city leadership 2 work together.
I am learning more each day that necessity is indeed the mother of invention, or in my case, self-determination and discipline.
'My new boots are hurting my feet! Saddest day ever!'
I Keep That...#TreFiveSeven!!
hello, #blondie! a few hours in the sun and I'm already getting a shade lighter. bring on the spring!!
Today's NYT crossword was a real snow job.
glad to hear it bro
Arrived just in time to catch fight at NHL Kings vs Calgary game.
When does frequent tweeting = too much tweeting?
Just kidding, its still there :/
Thanks HB! Happy Friday to ya!
where are we looking?
Thanks for keeping me in Cabo an xtra hour on runway in hot plane & no drink service except for stewardesses & 1st class
Weekend in the Dells. Because my mini golf game needs work.
The bird is the word
I've got last year's final four Butler shirt on........ready for some hoops.
Let pole dancing into the Olympics
Opening day with my sissy 😃
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
OMG! Please ignore the DM. It was definitely spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
Practice does not make perfect; perfect practice makes perfect.
I am now out of Burleson Hall until fall semester. I sent out poems as my last happy thing to do. Find me in Gilbreath Hall on campus.
come home please?
Holiday traditions #rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: gather family for holiday TV shows, anticipation, leave cookies out for Santa...
How many people from your team (if any) are at #CES this week? What other trade shows do you have plans for this year?
RT if when you become famous the first celebs you wanna meet are follow me i follow bakk
Mike Deehan 2012 Content Strategy: Get Off My Lawn.
well-said dibs...
New article on The Communications Blog by Interviews with #employeecomms experts on #changemanagement - wp.me/pZXZB-3l
Does the therapeutic benefit apply to the bystanders who are laughing their heads off at the spectacle?! ;)
socially they are very homogenous. Also for the first 2 weeks I didn't see any homeless people. That was weird to me.
I would pay money for a t-shirt that said this. RT : Ball So Hardy.
omg no haha i left all late today & she was still asleep. Shoot i dont even kno what time galindo left on the morning
What did you do over the #weekend? Any photos to share with us at #Dosha? Send us some pics of your weekend adventure!
Geaux Tiders! Here we go again! Still time to get here before kickoff!
no they're not! You sound good!
hey Dave follow back please (: and do you remember me ?
Thanks for the tip! Will be trying that during tomorrow's adventures in doin' up a few inches of hair.
People that go to sleep late wake up late and show up late. Never fails.
i don't understand how people just let their phone die.. if mine is about to die i don't care where i am, i charge that mf
wants to thank MLK Jr for postponing the start of my Speech class another couple of days :)
Good morning friends!
Quote of the Day "There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up." – Booker T. Washington
Attention Spring Break Staycationers! We have a special just for you. If you book online for a Mani+Pedi for Wed, Thurs or Fri of this week,
Finally made it to Hattiesburg, MS!
"You do the arithmetic,we'll do the language arts. Ya'll stand against the wall blind folded, we throw the darts" ... are you an Outkast?
it could be 'I whip my hair back and forth!
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
if u nd ur "gf" got sumthn to say about my sis ' dnt put it on twitter say it to her face !!! POINT BLANK PERIOD.
b/c my teacher gave me a C . Lmao I sound crazy but forreal I worked hard this quarter .
Ah been a weird week. It's had its ups and its downs.
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we'd find them in about 15 minutes
that's right!
“: I'm lookin for a yella bone long hair star...”me to lol jk jk
Seats in collegiate seminar rooms: still uncomfortable after all these years.
black&tan
I traded in a bunch of Xbox games I don't use to Gamestop and was able to get a Whopping $67 on my Gamestop card.
OFFICIAL OWNER OF THE PONY "THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER" thanks mom, dad, and dan for the birthday present! love you guys (:
A photo of Minneapolis mayor R.T. Rybak crowd-surfing at a Trampled by Turtles show is evidence that the band is officially over.
thanks for the #FF !
Totally stumped by a word in draw something "zacefron" I stared at it for 2 mins before I googled and figured out it was "Zac Efron"
Some more good things about almonds-lower cholesterol,lower risk for heart attacks and cancer and give 46% of daily requirement for fiber.
there is nothing some Harry Potter can't fix!
hahaha... that there's tour life ingenuity! What CAN'T be fixed with a little gaff tape really?
I need a laptop so I can work outside in the lovely weather!!
Found the notes for my Business Ethics class that happened to contain what would be on the final!
Help a WI startup out w/chance to win $2500 funding RT : The vote is on for please txt CODE: C107 to number 22333
To be good at getting in trouble, u got to be better at getting out of it. Don't try this at home, errybody aint able...Be encouraged
#itsCrazyHow one song can change your day
wow, the free class yesterday was awesome. thanks so much to all of you new students who came out to play with us! we had so much fun!!!
bettylou loves u.
Very interesting! Thanks for sharing!
I placed myself at that top, although I tend to wobble.. im still here!
I LOVE when inspiration strikes. Just finished making four button magnets, three hair accessories, and six rings!
Went to get my shot without my mum.!(: #proud.!
Thank G-d for - we think she's going to #singit and #bringit tonight! Come to to watch and vote!
Homemade wraps never go as planned...
Involve Managers to make a post daily! Love it!
Ideas/needs brainstorm: Taxonomy session, outreach to info professionals, content strategy session, panels and skillshares.
well, it was the landmark, so the occasion was rare, but worth it
Since I left home I gained 3% battery life.
What does #Africa Reclaiming Africa mean to you?
We feeling like the Giants taking the SB again
And perhaps it's not about content at all (ubiquitous) but seeks to make learners' integrative, meaning-making processes visible.
ALL TEENS!! TONIGHT IT GOES DOWN AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A!!! LINE STARTS AT 6PM, DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!
RT : Rt ": RT if you remember winding a tape cassette with the cap of your pen. #flashback"
Change your routine, change your body. Mark has noticed that in order to see more results, he needs to change his...
sounds like some 1 had 1 of those GOOD FUKKED UP NIGHTs
thanks for the follow. The team will see you again in November for the beginning of the #MISL season.
About to check out some more Local HipHop in Seattle.....
looks amazing..
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you - Elbert Hubbard!.
RT : RT : Q3) How should brands prioritize Twitter compared to other social platforms?
I always thought of Rupaul as a super-fierce freedom fighter.
They were birthed in the same cauldron?
If I can get the current script I'm working up to snuff I will definately try the Nicholl...
Go, Maryland!
I dont like being cold wen im high
earl needs to go to sleep lol
Whoa I Love Elite Model Management New York new exhibit of supermodel comp cards from the '80's! Have you seen it?
Happy Birthday to my man ...
SHE LYIN. was not in any her I classes.
can't wait to see how much work you put in on that flight. See you in NY
Yes! but my ipods dead,:(
: Will you be able to spend time with family and friends later?
#tomyunbornchild Hay, how's it going up there?
This girl told me she can see my pussy and nipples, df she looking hard af
Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing. Zig Ziglar
If only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desparately
It has been all the hits of the 70s, 80s, and today stuck in my head this week. #nowplaying "Careless Whisper" by George Michael
So that's ur opinion
u watching standard def and the're in high def?
Let me know if you will be back in CA in early Feb. or shall we try to meet in NYC beforehand!
“I very seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be.”
Yo, when are you visiting the ATX?
If Jesus came back to Earth I think hed be into the Scissor Sisters.
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 69 to 74...
Ignorant as fuck but I swear I won't change up
Finally done with last fantasy BB draft. I stopped posting fantasy advice - didn't want to tip my hand LOL. Answering fantasy questions now.
I want to sleep
follow following u follow?
Also note: I wasn't necessarily going for the most rare records or anything, just was fun trying to figure out how to put it all together.
Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Any updates on a new basketball arena?
texting you now sweetness
solid thus far. different. I dig.
wow just wow ha
Stay up RT : I really can't keep my eyes open much longer
Awh you rule!!! thank you so much!(:
It is raining hard in Boston...
Hey & When Ackley comes up, what corresponding move do you see happening?
I have been saying AWAKE belongs on cable. It would be a great lead-in for SOUTHLAND. Let's make THAT happen!
“: working smart not hard!!! #imajew” funny I'm Cuban and I was raised with that phrase too, I must be "jewban"!
I find myself oddly & genuinely excited for the final section of my EMT training: Trauma. Looking forward to class tonight.
Tylenol foe breakfast...
they say everything happens for a reason & people change like the season, then grow apart.
Hey Wou, Everyone says my music sounds like Cudi's instrumentals mixed with Ratatat. If you have time I would love a listen!! -Con
So, the CIF State champs will be either Mater Dei or De La Salle. Can Poly alums just secede now?
hahaha you're such a goof.. Love it hope you had a wonderful dinner with your friends!
lol @ B releasing handwritten letters to EVERYONE RT : New on Vixen » Beyoncé Pens Mother’s Day Message to Tina Knowles...
RT Does anyone read Alternative Press Magazine or are you interested to read it? just wondering.
Look "smart" in a Project Vote Smart Tee-Shirt. Tell us why/how you #votesmart for a chance to win one.
your website looks great Joe - congrats!
I thought that was a weirs candy dish LOL Jk
Dispell: Veterans are not ticking time bombs.
They just did.
Dale brought that from Milwaukee - ": #Cubs defensive positioning has been outstanding all season #SilverLinings"
Follow her she follows bak!
Happy birthday!!
I'm a clapper, I know like front hand clap, backhand clap, golf clap and the loud clap
Just walked into my new home, time to unpack and settle in :)
u can follow my dig on twitter
this site is budget!
"both of those girls have blackberries." "they must work in finance." "Canadian finance?"
lmao as long as I go out with a bang
Hello follow me!!!!
"Quit tryna be somebody, be yourself." -
Wow, just saw the 3.5 min Cartier commercial during CBS Sunday Morning broadcast, beautifully done but what was the goal?
Sweet! I will!
Frank Sinatra plays on tonight. Im in the right place New York New York
Turn all the lights off & pull the shades down, unplug the telephone. Don't answer the doorbell, no interruptions, lets spend tonight alone.
dude that's why you buy bow ties that are already done and just need to be clipped on by a little hook!
If they want to see it let it ride. Hope you're ok, thanks for the care package. Got your signature deck in the press next week.
My TL just got live! Happy Hump Day!
Ladies if u want to guy tell them you want your cake and pie at the same damn time at the same damn time! Statingthefacts!
about to present on #agile methods @ nashdrupal
My hyperness is contagious
I want a warm piece of cake. I don't want to make a whole cake. Who sells hot cake? Or must I microwave?
Happy Hump Day! Thanks for the follow
It's been a long week, folks. #FF with Saturday.
PSP is near extinction and #piracy has done a number on the PSP and the ability of any company to make a profit on games.
Need to find a new job. Asap
School Finance and School Law were my 2 favorite grad courses!
I always cry watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.
BREAKING: checking reports of a body found along SW Naito Parkway near the Steel Bridge
Well played, Lane. Well played.
that is cute!
Happy to be back in Carmel! Spending the day tomorrow going through a new collection in the archives.
Who are the best coffee PPL in MD that can provide a fully automated machine?
Wild punches don't win fights
i wud agree with that, this is a big game for the #patriots RT : the #patriots needed the most i think
.Starbucks, do you hear this? RT : OMG...you do NEED those coupons :P RT : I'm drinking instant Folgers
I shouldv'e said the 2 magical words "It's over" along time ago..
That's cats for you.
Gerald is on his way to the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, Discounts on ALL floor displays so bring your truck! Tell him Cathy sent you!
#Android perhaps?
Week of torn ACLs i guess
So Tweet me maybe
please provide your gamertag, then we will see who contributes more
We are ALMOST ready to launch our new website. The look is the same. The blog is the key ingredient. Blog posts and new information focus!
Ew at all the ghetto douches who keep checking me out.
Ron Paul calls Santorum overly-sensitive!
Ron Burgundy announced their will be an Anchor Man 2! amen
I sleep all day and party all night.
Last night them westsiders couldn't help but be swagged on :)
Get over to The Drake! We're starting the night off with Patron! 1902 Washington Ave, 77007.
not last weekend
you big baby :)
There r only 2 ways u can enjoy hearing some1 say "baby" this much @ the poker table... And Im not listenin 2 Justin Bieber
I think I'm going to have to use that one, too. Brilliant.
why do you have to delete your twitter, specifically? hope all ok
Alisha asked me why I gave her a dirty look/told her to leave me alone in 1st period. ha ider that.. i'm a straight up bitch in the morning.
Talent is the only competitive advantage that can’t be bought or copied.
ONE people follow me please.. Go3xx Just 1 people.. Swag im checking.. :)
At work... Let's see what excitement the night brings..
Who knew pineapple and chocolate tasted so good together 😍💚
Working on a portrait commission and trying to figure out what I want to show at DCAC's Wall Mountables Exhibit this year...
Not in the last week - ask again in a few months ;)
What is the hardest workout you have ever done?
RT : Kiyoshi Kuromiya, queer activist born in Japanese confinement camp, also inv. in black freedom struggle (civil rights & BPP)
Oh, you've been single? Let me change that!
RT It would be amazing 2 meet #LetsMove can help Hispanic families & inspiring others
The Internet is all about connecting people. Match.com when you need a date, Ancestry.com when you need a loan
Just received a call that the government is going to give me $8,000 FREE! And I never have to pay it back.....Rigggghhhhttttt.
Have an idea and could use your wizardry help. May be easier to explain in person/ on phone.
RT : How many won a fantasy title bc of #Packers qb Matt Flynn?
More Libraries linking Reference Universe to EBSCO's Discovery Service
Coffee Happy Hour til 5pm! Double espressos for $1
I'm team #PhiPhiOhara #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
"How dare you save my wife?!?"
Occupy Boston: More Than 100 Protesters Popped By Police (PHOTOS x VIDEO) Summary: Just last night, more than 100 protesters from the O
UFC fight with my dad tonight! :)
armchair scientists
wow wow smoothie!
Your pics are incredible :)
Anyone else interested in one of the largest pillow fights ever?
I'm in Lex tonight
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE :D ♥♥
that my mom and dad were actually named "mom" and "dad"..
Anyone having probs w/unexplained bursts of high data usage on AT&T iPhone? Happens to me even when I think I'm on WiFi.
Beasting on the riesling at the hotel bar... strangely enough, it is not making me feel like a badass.
Enforcing "screen time" limits all spring break - my creative ideas winding down -now he is making garlic bread for our dinner and outside!
Another Wave goal, scored by Jonathan Greenfield, assisted by Terminesi. It's 11-2 with 6:12 left.
the crooked E is Dell.
TIO (Tweet it On) and RT --- FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! ---- CAMPAIGN in the USA.
RT : A4. See your job as owning your own biz and your employer is your most important client. Then ask how can you help.
Very interesting. Jailed US Contractor Alan Gross used his one phonecall a week from Cuba to call Andrea Mitchell to plead for help.
thanks for the follow
Jake T. Austin
yeah it should cause
A raise, 5 more weeks of vacation, 4-day weeks, a puppy, maybe even a window that opens ;)
What cities do you want to see us tour this summer?
I've said a few times "Even if I played #blackjack high I'd still play well." While I'm going to test the theory, it has me wonering...
Taco Tuesday
learned about coffee -watch from that is pretty slick
people who tweet a bunch of random shit just so they have a lot of tweets<<<
Hahaha. Paul would pee his pants scary?
I'll often people on conf. backchannels so that fewer of my tweets show up in my non-conf. followers' feeds.
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, for #deficit and personal liberty. Please support!
I am going to film tomarrow! I finally got my laptop fixed and picked up from the
You're thinking: I know, I'll fix this with an XML configuration file! Now you have two problems.
Ministers are so wonderful. Celebrated the Eucharist with Dad and his three daughters at the hospital. Feeling thankful.
Winning OT !
Slapping would have been too kind...lmao i sound like such a bitch sorry XD
“: When people stare at my boot :( 😡 Have you never seen a broken foot before?” Sorry It's just too cutee
Yes, you CAN get rewarded for drinking beer. Snag the app and check-in this at our place to score rewards!
Sounds like we could all use a few drinks.
I have to go! I'll txt you later! Bye! ((:
Thanks! The interface was super easy and fun to use. The hard part was getting the data from our CRM. Lots of steps.
Who's going to spring training?
Wicked migraine
Rondo, Rondo, Rondo.....triple, double...
Thanks to all the men and women who currently serve or have served and their families for making the sacrifices it takes to do what you do!
Design an extraordinary life --yourlife --as a life full of possibility. Gain a new level of power and effectiveness in what you care about
nope not yet, but I'd be happy to take a look
#oomf is the most random non random person ever....
That's great, healing fast!
8GB is not enough space for my music
Glorious labor. Yes. Idk why you sent me that link. he's signed to a shitty label. yes. LASERS saved my life.
Damn it the 26 inch EVO monitor with component I ordered from Amazon was a listing error. Bastards.
is gina is here?
Great to meet you and the crew ! luv the new digs, can't wait to get blogging using - cheers.
that's fantastic, I'm planning on a big trip saturday to the market! See you there.
have her call ftd - she might get free flowers. My mom's done that 2x with 1-800-flowers when bouquets arrived wilted.
I just put a letter for you in the mail!!!
Holy crap! Just found the amazingness that is the "reminders" on 4s. I can now (continue) to lose my memory! Thanks, Siri.
#PeopleThatAngerMe #Haters RT if you cant stand #haters !!
“: snow levels dropped to 7000 ft. overnight. snowing hard over Donner summit. big snow on the way tonight!” hm tempting.
Wondering what life is like in Green Bay?
Everything I've ever done, everything I ever do, every place I've ever been, everywhere I'm going to... It's a sin.
I aint dumb!
i'm loving smyly right now. this kid is destroying the yanks.
The nice firemem and firewomen tell me no one was hurt. I'm moving this weekend. Must be a sign
Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Rick? Newt who?
You forgot to mention re: mobile payments. They are the best IMHO. cc
The storm is headed our way too. Time to charge up and turn off my electronics! Stay safe.
Thanks! I've heard that more than once :)
obviiii! Wednesday was great!! :) let me know when you're coming back!
Congratulations to Team USA...a magnificent victory!!
We scare because we care :)
Are you #JustRead-ing anything this week?
This weekend will get her PhD and astronomers predict a Supermoon. The Maya were so close on this one! They got the year right
lmfao yeah possibly. so weird.
actually, pretty sure that I DO...the numbers donT lie abt who is not watchG #Girls: Michelle Obama, most decent ppl!
can't wait see you! It's been too long!
I think the little sanity I retain can be properly attributed to , , , and I *think*.
RETWEET: if you hate WHINEY ASS people!!!!
Need #Promo Models #Huntsville #Columbus #Augusta #Centerville #Valdosta Message me for Info
yoo hoe ! did u already forget bout me ?
Hanging out till work.....catching up on #BB13 doing some laundry...yay
Angelina's step brother is home tonight yelling at the TV "I hit that"
Of course, I do the same thing. I always think "Man! I'm glad I'm already sitting in the dark in silence!"
please tell me I didn't just text some random person
Blind faith is an ironic gift to return to the Creator of human intelligence
djdjdjdev we gotta get 3tards out to Denver!
Something with .pho.to in the URL...wrote it down I think or saved it... I'm not so easily impressed but they love it.
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.#TRUTH!!!!
So he's only 2 years and 363 days older then me. I think.(:
Ook good night
that in Croatia?
Hey, there is nothing bad abt getting an escort to ur car. Takes more guts than walking alone.
FYI!!! Karaoke in Bellevue is Cancled Tomorrow the 9th due to a private party! Sorry for the inconvienence!
“: "I will not go back to the days when health insurance companies had unchecked power to cancel your policy."” respect
“: I love it! You are so talented.” much appreciated! I'll keep pushin out the work
Rough night in multiple ways. Trying to gear up to be Sunshine, Light, and Love.
I'm sorry... I don't associate with people from Michigan.
boo Lakers! go Spurs!
wait, jadakiss has hair?!?!?!?
Perfect weather to #skateboard word up
#BREAKINGNEWS - A press conference about the Woodburn H.S. fire will be held at 11:45. We will be covering it live.
speaking in support of
Jill it's so f'in scary. It has weapons :) I impressed my self this time.
Follow my company
Thanks...cool photo Nick!
We have Empanadas for lunch today! Chicken or Cheese! Served with a side salad topped with our special Tico Dressing!
i never imagine my day to be like this
fucking rocked it thank you so much
AAAHHH!!!! IM COOL WIT MY SIXTY SIX FOLLOWERS, HAD THE NERVE RO TALK BOUT SOMEBODY ION BE ON HERE DAT MUCH ANYWAY CUZ IM LAIDBACK IN DA CUT
I think those #cuse uniforms make them look like robots. I like watching robots play basketball against humans.
Omg , Ben At Ths Freaking Hospital For Two Hours Now And Im Ready To Go Home !
praying also for Moore and Locust Grove peeps - keep us posted Be safe!!!
Exactly. MT : heard alot about firing daryl. this isn't his fault. hard to do your job when your hands are tied by your boss
On a large scale, yes, it's enormously complex. But kids don't need to see it in big texts to get it. It helps to start small.
True. I see this in somebody whos close to me. Once in awhile I catch that look in his eyes of what his life could have been.
He listens to jazz <3
oh believe me , im coming this weekend lol
Tomorrow There's A Bulling/Sex Assembly..... I'm not comfortable with the sex part O-o
Chris Hansen is a cock-block
Day 2 begins.
Very stoopid...no intelligence..in no FUNKK..attitude is everything... Peace!
nothing good happened today beside's seeing my girls!
Yall, seriously, if someone DM's you with a link & says "look at what they're saying about you on the internets" don't click it
Take that, Brett!
Dude so like #flyhighgeorge !!
Thanks, Nikka, for sharing our project! :)
I think it means "I love you so much"
ha! and now i even have pigtails...it's warm in here! #WhoAmI?
BA-BA-BAD as i wanna be, yuh aint bad yuhs uh sad lil wannabe
“: I'm setting my goals higher ! I'm reaching for the stars !”
thanks for the #FF (: ♥
Make the weekend extra special with a trip to San Su!
Dying at 48, shew way too young! RIP whitney Houston
RT RT This in the next hour for a chance to win 2 #WIStateFair Tix!!
Full weekend of auditions.... Let's get this party started!!!
Jazz Brunch at Oro today ! 12pm. Free all day for kids.
Are u ready? We have fun questions and amazing prizes from !
Please don't see me. Please don't see me. Please don't see me. "hey!" Crap.
Southwest flight attendant: Please turn off all wireless devices. Do not put them in airplane mode or hide from the flight attendant mode.
will be in San Fransisco tomorrow working with Dr. Nunley. Will be presenting our Galvanic machine & our BioPhotonic Scanner.
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday did not occur today.
its hard to fall asleep when you have wiz khalifa stuck in your head.. :/
Who says you can't pursue your dreams simultaneously? This week, won an art contest & signed on as contributing blogger 4 fashion/politics.
Which one of the three times Syracuse beat UConn are you referring to?
change the question from "what have you done lately" to "what have you done from the beginning" and everything changes.
Yes I'm watching The Borrowers and yes I'm fucking pumped about it !!!
I should expect this by now
Its int. kissing day?!? HEY come 2 Ky 4 the day! love y'all!
Rags: You wanna an apple? Me: Oh man, yea. I didn't think there was any fruit. *blank stare* Rags: C'mon Daye.You're on set Me: oh, to sit.
yes. I felt sorry 4 the driver
fav colors, the whole palette intrigues me, but I like putting colors together avoid using same colors over and over.
lol oh yes. The "oh shiny" factor. How could I be so dense
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
how can I get invite for Coronado event?
RT : “: "When One Teaches, Two Learn" #Quote #Life #Wisdom #Leadership #Human” via Yes!
Kicking off #association #event at beautiful #ritzcarlton in #dc to talk revenue strategies for 2012. sponsored
bwaha! Ok then. Did you work today? What's up with your life right now? We should move this to a text...
Im not cocky! I just know i'm pretty! and im worth more than what these dudes are tryna give me!
Hello Sunshine
Oh yeah. Today's Cinco de Mayo.
What a great week for Jason Dufner. Wins his first PGA Tour event and is getting married next Saturday.
We are officially 26 days away from the - I can't wait!
lol never. Were just pissing him off like this.
bro you can fu*king fight ! You went ninja on that kid ! ;D that was beast ! (;
PS, thank you. Starting to level out a little bit! #finally ;-)
what are you doing this weekend? #party time?
I dunno, couldn't think of a username so I just rearranged my name haha. I finally added google talk to my digsby so I'll be on more
hey! thanks for the follow.....\m/
The first 3 people to LIKE our FB page will get an embroidered Piccolo Chef apron for your kids to enjoy in the kitchen !...
What's up with the Bud Light? I assume that's just for the beer bongs?
oh shit i just now saw this
You Scared To, Take It To The Head
Film shoot, audition, then a show, busy day today!
ill be over at 1:15 okay?
#euro2012 all setup! poland flights, accomodation for poznan, gdansk and tickets to all of group games. #ecstatic. up the rep!
Bro your knicks are as lame as your jokes RT : I bet facebook is poppin off with Spurs fans they just signed up
The Pittsburgh Power are in first place with a 6-4 record! i don't see any other team in the city in first place! Go support the power!
The first one of the season is always the best. Must be a Wisconsin thing :) Enjoy!
BET has Whitney Houston service on
#rvagptw Language Matters to be a Great Place to Work! At Marriott not back-of-the-house but heart-of-the-house
Never type while drinking. it could result in false words you dont mean. VERY DEADLY
I think its cute how she says im rhe next
97% of online young adults & 75% of those 65+ use social media monthly according to
I deliberately don't follow Jose canseco yet everyone rt's the idiot into my timeline.
Don't you just love having to wear jeans in 97 degree heat? :( oh #choir the things you do to me...
Feels like summer out.......
check out what's trending in Seattle right now. There is massive support for this stadium deal wethinks
-_- i got 55 and i did them all but i just didnt give them all in.
Love them Duke boys!
you know you can go to any autoparts store and use their hand held machines to see why your check engine light is on, right?
Yeah, I'm sure there is lots more we could be doing to make Voyager a pleasant cataloging experience. :)
Dear nose piercing. You're not fun when I'm sick. Love, I Have To Sneeze Dammit.
watched some of ur high school highlights today.. you can GET UP! cant wait for ur future
RT The $119 million paid for Munch's #Scream, would run for 39 years.
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO tomorrow where i will be spinning beats! OPEN BAR 11-12!!Hope to see you all out there!...
i refuse to believe that!
never alone but I’m in the shadows I dream things I don’t want you to know
We're 139 documents away from shipping our four millionth file! Stay tuned.
Why wouldn't we Bring Ringer Back
Wait, what?!
Get Some Rest..
y tf did this person jus follow me ????
I have been trying to get you to follow me for what seems like FOREVER!
50k and a modeling contract at stake check out THE EROTIC .com
Thanks, I still feel like I'm trying to learn everything lol.
vote for jennette mccurdy that nick's.com/kca
I'm 99% sure Ian Stewart is using one of my pics as his new avi on twitter :)
Pressing B while you're Pokemon evolves
No, sadly. Let me know how they turned out, though! I'm excited for you.
All about !!! Really love you Austin (: hope you follow me back (;
Love it! RT : Hey #Android users, what's it like having #Instagram now on your phone?
Ugh. That's what Zimmerman alleges.
Thousands of songs to choose from. Karaoke at its finest. Be on your way here. iLounge 1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta
... Without Niall, we would not have One direction. Bitches better lay off Niall. I am starting to get pissed cause they....
I'll take these follow back and DM your paypal
Cummings: Data Act builds on rigorous reporting req'd for Stimulus Act & Obama Exec Order creating Govt Accountability & Transparency Board
Rashad gonna lay n pray the shit outta dude. I hate bones
Fish Fry and the Brew Crew? Talk about a Good Friday!
Nothing good comes without sacrifice...nothing bad comes without consequence.
damn! I missed it...off to youtube to find it....
A friend of mine said: Gaga's pussy smells like a shit. And I answered: Wow, did you smell Gaga's pussy? You lucky girl ;)
fireworks??? LOL My brother already had that idea!
flyers sucked tonight , hopefully can come out friday and end it.
"What's your favorite beer?" "An open on!" "So how do you when you're done?" "There's no more beer left.." hahaha Jeff Dunham
All that bullshit is for the birds....only person I trust in this world is the man upstairs and myself...fuck the rest...no time for BS...
the same thing happened to me today! May I ask who it was? I speak my mind 2 it may be the same person! hahaha
with sprite
...and thanks right back atcha!
There's just justice in the world the new York knicks won a playoff game and spike did you check that outfit out
what about the art of homosexuality in New York city it needs assistance bad
haha don't mention it! :)
Of course! Thanks for stopping by!
Pat Caddell FOX points out - If the participation in the workplace today was the same as when nobama took office, unemployment would be 11%.
This will be good!! RT : Are you going to ? check out my Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change workshop
dont worry we gonna rich steezy
so tired. ill get back to this thing soon.
