So excited for my new outlook on work and life!
Looking for cheap date ideas for VDay? has just the thing: our Romantic Fireplace on Local on Demand!
#FF Thanks for the follow.
Merry Christmas Eve! Our special hours for today are 8am until 3pm. Come on in for a last minute treat or to refuel while shopping!
Thanks for posting that the day before we move. Like it wasn't bad enough to be missing good beer and brats.
Eight days and I'm back living on a ship temporarily! Cannot wait.
Blackmail him for a few rounds of drinks!
Thanks! We can't afford to give away a bedroom set every month right now...but it will be something good each month while we grow!
The #Orioles fell out of first-place today. It was a wild 15-game ride! Four months until football.
You keep reminiscing while i keep living it!
Right! Online certifications are pretty widely-accepted in Latin America and Asia.
Wow. RT : Texas announces it is staying in Big 12. Conference commish Dan Beebe, UT brass will address media Tuesday.
Very happy for - great franchise - just don't hurt any #Lions please
In the middle of nowhere O.O.
Looking For an Assistant please email me if your interested.
#TopFlawlessAlbums Blue Slide Park
Get a tourniquet! This is the mother of all paper cuts.
Today the baby of Artosis was born! I'm proud to be the uncle! :) nerdbabies tinynerds nerduncles nerdsupport nerdfamilies
just got home from work. drink wine and sleep....
Agreed, and I love Miami!
fantastic! Thank you!!
Guh, If I have to call back one more time... I'm just going to quit before I even start.
Get ready for spring rush 2012!
Forecast for Coachella today and tomorrow...rain with gusty winds. Bundle up Hipsters!!
Thanks! Hope you'll read and enjoy Telling Lies. It was fun to research and write about art.
I 💗 my lil bro
don't worry! You got this:)
What about the CUP Jesus drank?
Good Morning Faggots
I feel like that's (Chacin)giving up on a game before it's out of reach, no?And I'd have let Pom go on, (easy from here) RT
Even though I saw it coming, it still hurts.
Oh and anyone know where I can find a JP Losman dolphin jersey?!?! I bet that will be flying off the shelves!
Roll Cyclones ;)
Robert <3 I love you !(: follow back ?
What happened with Alabama this year? Remind me please
In my nhl '12 only and are allowed to score EN goals. Torts may implement my strategy
don't you raise that eyebrow at me... I'll do something to make you raise the other one too.
so true when c.j and drose shot comes back! Unstoppable we be fully loaded
I'll check dates with RT : If you come to a #PEI tweetup I will be there!
great report on Materials for Mobiles Written by the brilliant global expert and contributor
who is next in line after bell
Finally after a few weeks I once again have control of
home now, back in bed with some soup, tea and the simpsons.
o! Tell me more, Tiger. ;)
No Park's Urbn Pizza reviewed in March SD Home/Garden; Also Ave 5 in Bnks Hill, plus tasty recipes via George's; Quarter Kitchen & Bali Ha!
WANT NEW WORKOUT GEAR? I was searching for zip-up jackets and workout tops. Best ones for many reasons I found were at Costco!! Great col…
You need to change your twitter avatar bro!
Our Author Russell Blaylock is featured in Suzanne Somer's book, Knockout, which is also featured in Sex in The City 2....
": Does the Arshan have a contact number?" His manager is on Twitter -
1,000 is the number of the month. Are you fired up for our social media contest yet? -Vince
That's a great bumper sticker !
Maybe I'd look forward to work if every day didn't start with a big ball of frustration. ...the ball of gas in my stomach isn't helping.
Can you start giving us updates on what is being worked on right now? I guarantee you will have thousands of followers in no time
In honor of yesterday's Int'l Women's Day, female authors finding ebook success:
hey! Just another incredibly busy day...how's your day going?
Thank u!!!Next ones on me!
Go for it! Music here--> www.facebook.com/thebandword
Happy 57th Birthday Kermit the Frog!
I finally got all my christmas gifts together for my family. Now I have to wrap them . . .
A Facebook friend request from a friend of a friend is a gentleman's way of saying 'I hope we can have sex sometime soon'.
4 words: Dunk Tank ADAPT Trainers...have your marked you calendars for June 30 yet?
Working on our new educational catalog which we will be taking to the 2011 National Media Market in Las Vegas!
you always do that!!!! Lol
Homework that involves a trip to the fabric store! Woohoo! :)
When is your book coming out??? Can't wait!
I really need a master key to the school
For some reason it is 20 degrees in vegas..sux!
thanks Lori! Good morning!
are you at the great lawn?
I was thinking about complimenting your legs but forget that!
On some Delta flights for $80 you get 4 inches more room from the seat in front of you. Great, then I can almost take my dick out.
I say "I don't know" to everything when I'm not in the mood to talk. xx.
I wonder how many times Dusty Baker has swallowed the toothpick? Or maybe its the same one?
I'll keep an eye out. We're
The problem is : we try finding rationality in love . Love is crazy , its senseless .. we spend too much time trying to figure it out.
It is time.
Our good friends, Los Fabulocos play this Sunday from 4-8pm at the VFW Post-1944, 16157 E. Gale Ave., Industry, CA 91745. Check them out.
I'm excited to be presenting "10 TIPS to IMPROVING CASH FLOW" to The ROTARY of The PALISADES (Edgewater, Leonia, and Palisades Park)
Mars/Sun trine in play now. Exact late Sunday/Monday. All systems go!
Lex Veldhuis looks totally hot on pokerstars big game
Just because you can't find the right one, don't settle for a wrong one.
Oh no—not at all acceptable. I'm so sorry :( Can you email me all the details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
Forget yesterday’s achievements; look forward to tomorrow’s Possibilities.
PW Co jail officer accused of being part of a plot to have a man assaulted in jail. Police say it's connected to a murder for hire plot.
So would I! I don't know how she is still there! :D
you're very very welcome! You did so good last night!
Wow, meeting at 8am this morning! No sleep, so we can't get slept on!
Oh yeah...
oh god thank you so much i couldnt figure out how to get this damned box closed youre a real life saver thanks for the help
one of the best episodes in a long time...
Our new spring/summer menu starts today. It is up on our website www.cakefetish.com. Some great new additions and your favorites.
RT : come talk to me on AIM/iChat - msilver1987
No coke is so good, pepsi sucks hairy monkey nipples.. xD lol
Getting tipsy tonight lol
: Thanks for having full eps on teamcoco.com! Now if only they would play more than ONE ad! Never thought I'd hate Disneyland.
Good Morning all!!!
We'll have played already. Stinks, but awesome effort. :)
Guess what turns 3 months old Tues? My journalism career! Slowly becoming a monster that repeats this all day: live/lead/live/lead/live/lead
Another sunny day ☺
Trenton Thunder starter Graham Stonburner left the game in the third inning with an unknown injury. The kid can't catch a break.
me too! Thanks for checking out the film.
Point Root Beer is good stuff, been drinking it for a few years now
Hi, Im Simon Cowell and I created your entire life
Thanks we are new to all this so just getting on twitter now...Know we are late but...lol Thanks for the love.
Cramps. Blah. Fuckinqq Mother Nature Tht Whore Bag; She Gets So Jealous Of Me Cuz She's Single ♥
#GoTribe Ok I missed the last 5 innings of game 1& likely miss all of game 2. 1st time I'll miss an entire game =( som...
they should rename Private Practice to Petulance on Parade.
can't wait until the fall when this entire staff is gone!!
Stupid !!!! I love you and respect you, but really... His voice was like butter!!! Bo....:(
lol noo you have to be in it too!! You could be one of the women who interviews me, or even a invalid in book 2! :)
#bizforum A4: Unstructured data is noise. Properly interpreted data is signal. The signal or noise is not the data's fault.
i was, but nikon finally decided to release new cameras
Robert will you PLEASE follow me?? (: <333
i see a lot of bands at Cervantes/The Other Side, but were seriously out of this fucking world tonight.
"On the Mountains of Truth, You can never climb in vein" Nietzsche . #perseverance #G=S
love you too my love :*
Swamped w/ digital processing and trip planning today. Leaving Thursday to photograph projects in TN, AR, TX, LA, AL.
Watching Creighton vs. North Carolina with Viggle Sun | 5PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Follow Back
Happy Factoid Friday! This one comes in the form of a question...
bet that's it then. Ur still a sub but now it's done like it needed to be all along.
The #blazers are the ones in white, right? We're doing great!
so.. After yesterday I'm just calling it a season.. I'm. Not flaking out.. Durin won't be tere most of it and I refuse to b
I'm sure you can tell by my tweets that I'm currently having a #ColeSesh #TeamCole #ColeWord Bitch.
Another day of shooting with impressed--TV and culinary skills- she's a natural!
So busy & love it.... Just need a lil vacation lol
Trying out the Google Wave beta. It's intriguing, however I am feeling a bit confused with it.
so much fun! My friends had a blast. Thx for the the bottle hook up. We felt like high rollers :)
I must admit, I'm liking the new personal search results from Google
but where u been hangin and hiding at man....
I think it's an amazing experience for each of us to get some new skin in the game + shake it up! U should def do it!
Couldn't tell, 2 much patchouli... RT : Met someone that uses Emacs that doesn't reek of BO and old cheesecake? Me neither.
“: Rip city, never been on twitter so fast after a game in my life...How fun was that!!!!!!!!!! #keepbelieving” lovin the energy!
I have a project for you. Please hit me up so I can give you my contact info. Gracias.
im gonna do my best!
Hope everyone at #Wondercon is having a great time today... all your tweets are making us jealous!
Happy Birthday to Ben!
anywhere :D
come over and have some beers!!!!!!
Starbucks in the MSC not taking my sbux gift card <
Might go to sleep . Still thinkin workin on my next project
Ahh , On My Lunch Break ! .
“: Smart hit...hope he doesn't get fined for that either”. Not sure I agree . Zoomed in on that knee 2 me. Jus sayin
#PDX It was awesome watching history in the making as you gave proclamation to Pacific NW Black Pioneer Exhibit in City Hall
this is way way funnier than it should be when you think about it
He said it's a good thing because it's something we have in common....but really?? That's kind of sad. :)
There is nothing noble in being superior to others... What's noble is being superior to your former self.
Trying to send a pic but its not working too well. I'm sure it'll be big news.
love you two!!!
farewell #stevejobs. great minds leave their mark.
If you see me don't say hi lol jk but yeah I look like shit,
- Awesome idea! TY!
Baltimore's weather has seriously sucked. I've seen about 15 minutes of sunshine since I got back to the US.
#WorstFeeling Having a full cart of groceries and forgetting your wallet!
hahaaha the cats ass?
My sweet wife who is a libra. She is the greatest thing that happened to me in my life. The recent callback I attribute to
"Norwegians are amazed at how Muslims assimilate social democratic values. There is something similar between zakat and the welfare state."
Loving new york fashion week!!
accent reduction coming soon! After I take Compton PESL in June! And yes, I plan to use Skype!
I hope everyone had a restful holiday weekend and that you got everything that you wanted from Santa!
boo daylight savings!
Still get a lump in my throat when I watch that. To the heroes!
I use twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
:( when you comin back
I haven't had a good start to the year so far but hope to remedy that soon. I just got out of Damsels in Distress. Was good
At a loss for words...I'll do my best translating tomorrow
Hi Sara, I was looking for Kristin Nelson on Twitter w/no success. Started reading her blog, reading 2010 now. Really like it.
Is that the album title?
I think it's hilarious when guys take shirtless pictures of themselves. It just makes them look arrogant and stupid. haha.
The good times seem so fleeting.
Yeahh no problem! I wanna go soo bad
Join Patti Ramsey at Central Market again - Summer Salads & Beyond - Aug 5, $45. And you'll get 25% off of your EL order!!
I feel bad for the guy giving me a pedicure #Sorryimnotsorry thanks :))))))
I LOVE the mystery bag! The best part was that I could hear and feel the Skittles in there before I opened it . . .
fascinating! We have nothing like that here... Hm... This may be the source of the confusion....
Last November... I'm gonna try go back this summer...
Happy Birthday!! :D
That moment when you see a car you recognize but you're not sure it's the person you know driving it...So sorry
Guys are like purses cute full of crap & easy to replace<3
Watching the last #Wits practice. This is gonna kick butt! Do I see an unannounced guest?
It's too late, I think I may be addicted.
- you are landing and I take off in the morning to Detroit.
re-watched #ID4 this past week. Great performance by Greg Collins!
I want Starbucks too D;
140 characters (twitter) The gamespeed is a tweak, not an entire fake perception rating scale. ala, Nicks. Scouts mention all time
Happy Early #MothersDay to all the Mothers!
- You're right. I broke my money maker.
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
"To be a star, shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about the darkness; that is when the stars shine brightest"
Very nice! Hope your show was awesome! Sorry to miss class tmrw :(
come play hike in the canyon soon with the monkies
you should be careful how u word shit "I fuck wit diddy" it sound alil gay to me lmao. No hard feelings
Most of them we're being photobombed by the people in front of us. I had one amusing shot though!
A mobile site is on the list of things we're developing!
Riordan and Aoife have curious new vocabularies for a 4 & 2 year old (respectively): "oh damn" "fuck it"
how funny!! I think so too :) I would love to see you soon!!
don't watch a lot of tv but have to say I'm really enjoying the scary , suspenseful movies that play in October. sixth sense is on now.
Hey _16 thanks for the follow! We're playing on 1/04 in Atlanta, GA. Come shimmy down!
Now Mitt has ventured to "Rick Perry Land" on natl sec. How many nuclear aircraft carriers does he think our Navy had in WWI?
abs are made in the kitchen not the gym, just takes a solid diet!
Me: But it's my birthday! Jeff: It's not, really, anymore
goodd lets hope 
Wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby right now wearing a big hat & sipping a mint julep! (minus the horse poop) ha
I love meeting a client and they tell me how NGP makes fundraising fun! Thanks !
Who cares if Wall Street gambles away your money? When they need a bailout to prevent a Depression, we'll make the Democrats do it!
Hello Frank nice to hear back from you. I am on a train headed to New York City. Hope everything is fine with you..
Its official, I am done w/ snow, ice, snow flurries, freezing rain & sleet. Get above 32 degrees already and get off the #NY roads!
why are u coming to theory ?
Leon has been voiced over by many people. Paul Haddad (#RE2), Paul Mercier (#RE4, #RED, #TDC) and Christian Lanz (#ORC). ^NE
Ayo... I didn't know you had that 3-point range
The bigger the ride the more fun :D
The bands getting together tomorrow night to start working on our new live set featuring all the tracks from "the revolver sessions"
Hey. Need to holla at you...
Did Anybody Answer 😱
Thanks for the RT!
Had a rough week? Cool off with our watermelon margarita gelato- Salt included! Yum!
I came home early for some reason, turned on HGTV and found that Ms. Donna Dazzo "dazzled" a tony listing in NYC...and got it sold! Awesome!
I'm still down for the Chives-Fish wedding and I hope it works out. But at some point Fish moved on.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. --Colin Powell via Michael Levine
I am so ready for "it is what it is" to become unpopular.
Really Vols? Austin Peay and MTSU in the same year?? Come on man....-BH
Happy ANZAC Day . . . putting up the Aussie flag this morning.
What type of alumni event would you like to see more of?
I hope I don't offend rappers, when I decide not to put my drink in the air.
Switch to Claritin it works just as well since sucks for not joining the
Arianna eats like a pig.
i love you MB #chile here today in a new chapter of disney chanel wave with mindless Behavior
Was it the note some jerk left on your car at church?
makes me wonder what they put in the water cooler.
The current "needs" totals have been known. But I have changed the paradigm by wanting to fund ongoing not just existing costs. Never be ...
To OOMF - you look like a #Catfish so #STFU. The end.
A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers. – John F. Kennedy
People think I’m a mind reader (in a way I am); but I’m more of an emotion reader. One’s emotional energy is the signal to his/her thoughts.
Excited to welcome to Twitter! Her visit helped launch our Twitter presence way back in 2009!
Let's go Steelers!!!!
Happy Easter everybody! Hope everybody has a great day and has safe travels! SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG!
hits the road next weekend. 1st gig is ONE WEEK FROM 2NITE w/ DJ Buck Wilders @ The Poplar Lounge
Man Fuck Kayne West, that stupid ass Black motherfucker
shouldn't that more like #JamieMoyerIsSoOld he remembers when KBL didn't miss important things...
Me too! Well, just for one day.
NEVER STOPS
U and me both": I hate my JOBB!!!!"
Jordan would have made that one...
Come on by today to take advantage of our special! Any 2 top shelf grams for $30 donation :)
For a very short period of time, you were the youngest person in the world. MIND = BLOWN
So far, my favorite ad is the Chevy apocalypse ad.
If you could feel how sorry I am, you would understand.
:D ha nice perspective of view in the pick!
RT : And now my talk will drift into areas of no interest to anyone, but which I find oddly pleasant to inflict on you.
next summer
Taking questions now. Anything you'd like answered?
Well OK
President Obama has really great comic timing.
maybe it's time to quit
I will give out more of last night's #57 links later after I come back from dreamland! Later my peeps!!
#Wisconsin, send the Tea Party a message and vote Democrat today.
Listening to strip by chris brown I like this song and boyfriend by justin bieber ITS AMAZING. :)
Listening to an over-explained feature about electronic music festivals on the radio.
just laying down & talking 2 u & some other people on here :)
thank you gorgeous!:)
Best birthday gift? A Rangers win. Happy effin birthday to me.
Iowa City!!! PedMall and good times at the Summit!
That hamburger will cost you $399, and can be found at Mallie's Sports Grill & Bar in Southgate, Michigan. They appropriately ask for a...
why must you live in like east guam?! Move into my house! Lol ♥
A beggar approached me here n India. I gave her change n my pocket. She looked at it & said, "Sir. The going rate is 100 rupees."
nuthing but a boo boo to a boo boo! yes! lol
It's a good thing that Junior Seau's family will allow his brain to be studied. Will be interesting to see if he had CTE.
Did you know that you could win 175 to 1 when you play Bonus Craps!
that would be hard for me to watch since I like both teams lol
We are still fingers crossed for a VERY special guest from for the Art of Beer. Stay tuned. Who could it be?
RT : In addition to Art Director / Designers, is looking for EPRO / FAST DESIGNERS. Send links!
#PatBenatar & #REOSpeedwagon will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 29th! Should be a great show!
Seattle misses your LOVE!
Fun afternoon cleaning out my twitter. If you can't follow me back you are dunzo. Dunzo, I say! Unless you produce stellar tweets.
Yeah but people keep coming so I'm sure it will pick up
Yeah but theres a middle ground between winning and losing 102 games that wouldnt be profitable
The lovely
I'm totally spamming the shit outta all of your timelines.
that's when they were winning but now need him to save there season lol
because everything you report is wrong?
If y'all aren't following yet, do so NOW! The best in travel, music, and culture.
This birth scene is fucked.
From my Bible study this am - "When God shakes things in our lives it is to reveal the things that are unshakeable."
Ribs are the greatest food on earth.
me too
Have you taken the Downtown Miami Interactive Walking Tour with complimentary food tastings ? www.miamiculturaltours.com
Bout to get a good healthy 6inch subway
all depends on the size of the images. With that many is suggest using your own thumbnails instead of the auto generated ones
This is the best christmas gift ever!!!
We had a small gathering and some new folks and interesting converation, plus the great sample treats!
Hilarious. Makes me think of the dude at my gym who works out in motorcycle boots, jeans, a bandana and a leather vest.
Wish there was 3 of me!!! Might be to Dangerious let me rethink that Lmao!
She can get me high when I'm low.
#WaysToImpressMe get braces ladies
community is, collaboration does. Great soundbite!
wow, that's great, thx for letting me know about the grooveshark play!
Going to a base ball game with one of the gossipers! :( really tired of the drama! I just wanna hang out with my true friends :)
Just ate a McDs fry for the first time in about four months. My mouth felt like an oil slick. Had to wash it down with an apple slice.
Tennessee round two is only 48 hours away!
Going to sleep. GoodNight and GodBless
shockingly? Look around this city. Not a lot of diversity.
Those poor kids. Not only do they have to deal with the loss of both parents, but they had to see their mothers body, &deal with their (ctd)
Playing the Sunday Brunch in The vineyard at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida. 12-3 pm
“: Anyways. Lemon ricotta pancakes comin right up! ^_^” where? And why didn't you text me an invite?
My only recent impulse buy were flip-flops... Munchen in Sept./Oct.!?!
At least 33 injured in Obama to 300 unarmed truce monitors tour battered city commission rejects Suu Kyi?
awesome! where can I take a listen?
sleepy....z
No matter how much weight I lose my butt neva shrink
A panda in a sombrero?! That's awesome. (and thanks for sharing about Hussain)
I agree!! Pisces all the way.
I feel you bro so you not going back to brooklyn ?
hey Caden.. Long time no talk
Lemon bars!
Small Boy Scouts take over San Diego 6 News...
Oh hey: still have a ticket left for Florence and the Machine's show at the Rave tomorrow night. The show's Sold Out, BTW. :)
Helluva an episode
People who say yolo need to shut up.
They fought a good fight. Go home with your heads up high ladies.
I love the globe.... bout time it came back :)
I will let you know when there is a new website for everything..won't be too long..that I know..:)
“: Obama sounds like he'd make a great president in 2013.” co-sign...great president now + 2012 & beyond.
Ima try to make this a good summer......I think I owe it to myself.....
oh good!
I don't think I'll ever solve the David Keith / Keith David thing, though.
Can't wait to see what kind of porky goodness comes out of it!
Havent seen either but I am going to put my money on Human Centipede 2. Not many films intimidate me but A Serbian Film? yup
Come on down to magoons tonight fer a hoe down! Show starts at 9:30 no cover
Do you have beef or dairy PR or marketing experience? If so, send your resume to me at - we have openings!
I'm sure you will.
oh now you guys break out the good stuff?! :)
If you really wanna get pulled over, don't speed or drive drunk; just have a headlight out.
positively dreadful!
Fell asleep at my desk last night..
Happy to call both a friend and a #mentor! Who is your mentor(s)?
dm if u need g list
RT : using the as their case study. Timely and relevant...nice!
okay don't forget.
You always make me laugh. Omg, i love you. :D
hey dock you have a second to chat on the phone? or tammy? or Eric? or Rachel? before I go to California Unemployment Labor Board in Van Nu…
depends on the venue. Maybe a NASCAR race
Thanks for the comment and retweet. Wish I could take credit for it, but 100 percent Daniel. Writer, actor, director....triple...
My boys took 1 2 the chin,lost by 2.im still proud of them....lotta season left.we'll be fine
Most expensive piece of ass title may go to Petrino mistress. $18,020,000 includes Petrino's lost wages and $20K walking money he gave her.
In Sept the playoff-bound #Tigers & #Rangers had the 2 highest team BA & lowest two ERAs in the AL.
Hey , what's up with Chronicling America? Making it tough to research for GoDC blog :-(
At the urban entrepreneurs' conf in Philly
I'm a hardcore Tex-Mex O.G., so LA has never had much to offer me in that dept.
No I have one like this remember 8IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID #MONSTER lol
Writing time
CNN reports Whitney Houston dead at 48!!! Omg!!!
Got into a fight lol
Dr. Tomorrow can't wait 2 see when they think baby asa will make his appearance...
Imma go knock out da party
what a great game
I am grown lmao fuck u mean lol but naw man that club was cold af ..couldn't even dance like that lol but imma call u lata
Feliz Cinco De Mayo! 17 in DSLR class this morning. Full house! Looking forward to sharing my passion!
Hey! Thanks for listening! :)
that friend that all of you hate causes he's an asshole, but he's our asshole
i will take lovely.
Do you ever think before you do something
we love it! Thank you!
Ball so hard mf's want to find me
Ok ok ok. It's gorgeous outside. Getting these kids dressed, going to play.
Im wearing my red jacket (cover/case)
OMW to work & why do i feel cross faded.? -.-
Thanks to you, we are. Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
Last Thursday night with my girls..🎉
Hey Gang - Happy you are on the road again..my big adventure today was doing my taxes.
without #Rush would anyone know about this #SandraFluke chick? She wants no apology and he didn't want to issue one lol
Yay today is Valentine's Day!!! Give your sweetie a kiss or slap them in the face for not remembering!
One thing I ask one thing I seek...
he's nice Follow him
#Skylar did a very nice job. Loved seeing her do something other than country.
#WhatIf You made an effort to stay with me and tell me you want me
Haha I'm on a double decker bus and were heading to the grove :)
I dont want nobody else, I want u <3
My daughter is going to drive me to be broke
Plus, you know, the actual sessions and exhibits. So much good stuff coming up!
One of the best parts of being home, having access to every sports channel. #Kings are looking to keep the magical run going!
loved the killer breakfast photo. my profile is pretty accurate.
Attending Friends of Scouting Lunch at Florence Civic Center. Guest speaker this year is Mr. Robert J. Mazzuca, Chief Scout Exec of BSA.
A central booth?
U MUST WATCH!!! So we can talk bout it 2mrrw!!!!
“: Who's your daddy?” necro?
hey what's up how was your weekend cuz
Zimmerman bond set at 150,000
how pretty!!
Haha! I know, right? MT : Yet the Dems won't be voting on any budget of their own. Harry Reid is so awesome!
I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a time of 22:00 with Nike+ GPS. ended too soon.
this, that, and the other.
COMLEX smash complete... Now to breath and regroup abit before heading to USMLE in a few weeks. As always I expected more.
Hey Jen, we have heard people in chatrooms online telling others to BAN Lifetime from their TV if they make Casey Anthony Movie
Wat it do tweet world how u living wats POPPIn tonight
Heading to Pittsburgh in a few hours.
My new icon on Twitter account with What do you think about my new icon? Amazing right? Ashley looks pretty!
Screw Freshman year, I did nothing to get tormented that badly.. oh well, I already torment the fuck out of the 7th graders. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
omg! i want one!!!!!! u wanna be a good boy and share? lol
Happy Fourth of July Everyone ! God bless the troops & those who never made it home & those who are still fighting to protect us!
Sounds delicious! :)
Erie Island Downtown on E. 4th!
oh man i have to get you a good nickname now!
Oh my god my eyes burn!!! Dry eyes when your tired -_____- bo
Know your characters. Write everyday. Be careful of what you're reading while you're writing. Write to entertain and/or horrify.
Brilliant. Could be sold along with wax-scented candles and water-flavored sports water.
Good strategy. Still works on my eleven-year-old.
Listening to the most amazing band that ever walked this planet <3 (;
Sold! now we just have to decide if we'll partake on the east coast or the west...
Is it just me or does a Technology Petting Zoo sound dirty?
Holy cow... 65 Facebook likes in a day. Thank you guys!
T-minus two until Turkey Day. What are you thankful for this year?
The two worst places in the world : The Doctors Office & The Post Office. Luckily, today I get to go to BOTH!
This is weather is so ridiculously amazing! Too bad it won't be like this for the rest of the week :(
Feeling good!
Great ideas coming out of prepare & share: program planning for 2013 session.
Our aspirations are our possibilities. - Robert Browning
Benihana tonight YES
Hello Jack, its in your best interest to contact me Regarding Square..Thank you very much
Cherry Pepsi tastes a lot like regular Pepsi, except in every way.
1 reason why Facebook is annoying. People feel the need to brag about their kids sports stats. Keep it in your family.
I like the French/English thing you got going!! A few more years of this and I might be able to understand French!
I wonder if there's a 'circle of fifths' analogy in the color wheel?
congrats on the big decision. You continue to be a great example of what great leadership looks like.
Remember when sitting boy-girl-boy -girl was a punishment
Sad, huh? RT : Thanks for introducing me to jamie olivers food revolution ! WOW. Shocking.
Today I've played #BOYFRIENDvideo a least 1 million fricking times, that song ...its just all swaggie <33
District level elections are complete in all 13 districts for the Charlotte convention. Congrats #gadems!
RT : Hi, anyway you could donate some #TallyCardz so we could raise money to FIGHT BACK cancer?--> We would live to!
Looking to brighten things up for #summer? Try our 24/7 #highlights!
just shut the hell up, I'm so sick of explaining this stupid bullshit. You don't know my story that's all I'm telling you
I always wait too long before they are taken..
Legally Blonde<3
Are you ready for some Futbol??!!!
Come to me and wear those white pants. ;)
And it stresses me out when people cry cuz I don't know how to react to it...
Wait, these piranhas can destroy a boat but a natural dam is enough to keep them at bay?
The Once and Future King of Queens
follow where I'll be participating in #Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FR-S and Texas Auto Roundup!
Ever read a text grin like an idiot, look up and realize people are staring at you?
Managed to get a very useful sales rep at #Sears amid all of the seeming bored, frustrating and gossiping reps that have no desire to assist
Not letting gays marry is the ONE thing Mitt hasn't flip flopped on!
thanks for the RT! and
aw how sweet and my fb went tots nuts so yeah you can send m a request ill accept when i can
yes! Haha my dad always tells me he saw her.. But he's legit not lying :$
Sure, no problem
#survivor yeah never mind. I say the jury votes for themselves and split the $
i just did the outward scream vocals to the whole entire woe is me number[s] album <3
Make up on, bed is done, lights all on...that's not a "good night" pic, stop that ASAP
Thanks for the #ff. Eager to check out your store. Sounds teriffic.
The scuttlebutt coming from the Rose Garden is that Louisville and Indiana fans are unbearably obnoxious.
♥ Having a great day with my Baby!! We have been touring museums and having so much fun!!♥
Is Raining hardcore in phoenix,az
-eggs and bacon, potatoes and toast. Oh yeah, pancakes too. This is what you get at 1am drunk down town LA.
fun! and I are headed there!
you never answered my question of when our wedding was....
If drafting best player available; David (OLB), Konz (C), Randle (WR), Adams (OT), Denard (CB), Massie (T), and Miller (RB) not yet taken.
Ok, have u ever went 2 Lenox lately
Admitted to the UW iSchool for fall 2012. Now I'll have two graduate degrees without ever having taken the GRE!
Biggest problem is energy storage need to impact baseline
": It's funny how whenever someone needs me, I'm always there for them. But when I need someone, No one is there for me."
sure was, will we see you next week for #CoolHandLuke?
I spent an absurd amount of time this morning deciding WHICH Blackhawks shirt I was going to wear today...
that's great, good luck! fingers crossed.
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Anything special happening in Lyons this weekend? Tell us about it.
✔Taken by the best!♡, tony's name in my phone. :)
50 Cent Joins Nicole Scherzinger On 'American Idol'
What is everyone doing to stay cool in this massive heat wave?!?!
I was SO mad at my mom, then she gave me her IPod touch
FUCK!! RT“: #HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain. He will not return.”
Once more, guilty pleasures at the Arena Theater.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Choir rehearsal soon. Pay day tomorrow .
You're welcome--and thank you for renewing your membership! We are happy to have you back.
"The greatest stock market you can invest in is yourself. Finding this truth is better than finding a gold mine." ~Byron Katie
Play some funky music white boy
Almost at 3,000 fans on facebook! Thank you for all the continued support.
Head to Linnemans tonight to catch some of the best music in town, Shoot Down the Moon, Delta Routine & Tiger Mouth! Music starts at 9!
hahaa. well it was nice! ;) i {} you back! :p well i gotta try and get some sleep. another big day 2morro. nitey(:
what u talkn bout my bad ive been tweetn like crazy
“: Maybe I'm overstepping my boundaries!” a woman NEVER oversteps her boundaries
Who else is using Ping.fm?
Your ability to execute a plan is more important to its success than how good the plan is.
Too many models in far too light clothes walking hollow-eyed around town.
Be grateful for what you do have and stop complaining about what you don't have.
You are too kind!
Thx for RT's and mentions! Cheers to healthy vision!
I love how people are now looking up to your girl =)
Bacon Chocolate.
still high? Lol
Best part about going to/being in weddings is you can go completely ridiculously overboard w/ hair & makeup...just don't out-do the bride
Oh eww ;p
watching meet the browns!
yo, listen. I dunno what's going on here but I'm ready to fight someone.
Have a great time!! Thanks for using ShowClix and have a Happy New Year!
Soo the avengers was prettyy awe.... Wait for it.. Wait for it... SOME.
yes it is haha
Paper cut...
income is income no matter where it comes from and you pay taxes on a portion of it, no matter what it is
Reno ranks # 50 on a list of green cities (Cars.com), based on the percentage of searches on their Website for hybrid vehicles.
go to Rudy's on Division. Same place as the one on Sunset in LA.
#MoreClutchThanLeBron My grandmother's handbag.
yea like a lot of the people on the team are douche bags along with some coaches and you go to every practice and do shut but no play
Bahaha! I'm pretty sure I do too. Ha!
anything for you :-)
Happy Tuesday everyone.
"Oyster" at the Paramount! Part circus, part Cabaret, part Brecht, part Doors. Amazingly creative. Boston needs more funky dance like this.
If you want a real polish, head to Maxwell St. in Chicago. Oh, and the Chicago Dog wants nothing to do with Cleveland.
The NY media managers are going to add extra staff just for all the Tebow coverage.
Seriously.. Why is tumblr so addicting? I can't stand it..
lol thanks! :P haha baby girl?! U just made me LOL!
is my new favorite person to follow
o lala sam looks hot =)
Thanks to everyone who came out to opening party yesterday!
Jeron Teams with Brekeke Software to Deliver SIP Wireless Phone Integration to Provider® 790 Nurse Call
RT : On Twitter we have chats for most grades (K-6 MS) and subject areas. My Educational Chats page:...
i honestly don't care if nobody is going to see my underwear, a sexy pair of underwear boosts my confidence.
A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
I saw him do this and thought of you! My phone was in the other room. Glad you got it.
Can't believe with all the mortgage talk, that someone can't get a loan with a couple late payments...Just doesn't make sense!
Ahaha! He's such a cheeky monkey.
That's what I told him! Maybe I'll send him this conversation, see if he believes me then.
Mid-day meatloaf
Getting somewhere with the new songs now that I have been taking it easier. May finish by june after all.
Douche bag
Ah, the constant sound of helicopters flying over...
We also have a new GSA logo! It will appear online and on our printed materials.
instant wish fulfillment...only in #LA #silverlake #nela Fly PR delivers! hah! right ?
It's been a fun week to travel in Michigan. Everyone has Tigers fever.
oh my site is just slow to load and now down and they just say working on it but this has been a couple of days
Thanks for the RT! hope your Tuesday is going well Ron!
I dance through the trees with the baby on my back. She sings to the beat of my drum. It is our prayer.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
I need food ASAP !!!!
super excited for outside-mid competition between hao, pino, a-rod
u need to change Ur bio of ur with dean
it's called Rudy's, it's around 47th and Powell and fucking AMAZING, you should try it!
FACEBOOK IS DOWN! does online life just end here?
#Maddow podcast is up, download away!
Making chocolate/caramel candy apples for Halloween.
is gunna get some grub!
can't wait to see u judging on the #xfactor! #simoncowell sure upgraded from
2 Chronicles 15:7 "But as for you, be strong and do not give up, for your work will be rewarded." Goodnight
Follow .. She's new to this and has no followers
So when are you going to join me? If I remember correctly, you said you'd do a half..ah hem
Welcome to the Zoo
$5 = Gratitude, blessings and satisfaction . . . and an email!
That annoying moment when your in a bad mood and your parents won't stop annoying you.
you're welcome!
please don't jinx us!!! RT“: Anyone know when the last sweep against Philly on the road was?”
Have fun today! RT State Finals! Come and see us!
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why? To find one good you must one hundred try. Claude Mermet.
your little dude looks pretty awesome.
O gotcha lol sry im kinda new to twitter lol HE>i
Picked up two hitchhikers in Sharon
Yep, we got in 10pm show! Thanks for your help with the Metro! You'd have fun in LA!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
Pure Michigan, the tourism folks, have new partnership with #Tigers. What about Wis. tourism and the #Brewers, #Bucks and #Packers?
Have a great trip.
Blocked! Blocked! Blocked!
is there ever a good kind?
JJ Allmendinger moves over trying to block Hamlin starts the whole mess
There are many things going on that cannot be discussed in public but we are working toward a solution. As soon as I can announce, I will
dad wants to know of its a sleepover
It's sad how I've been up since 5:30am
OMG VINNY WEARS FOOTIE PAJAMAS. HOW EFFING CUTE IS THAT. FJDKSDJS I can't take how adorable he is
Rainbows fascinate the fuck out of me.
That was wrong...
Check out the new website not fully finished but still entertaining... www.platinumposts.com
Did you know? Radon mitigation fans can also be used as bathroom exhaust fans. Imagine taking a shower without the mirrors EVER fogging!
Thinking is sometimes all you have to do.
Thank you for the support my man!
I did! And my mom was glad. That would have made for a terrible Mother's Day.
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations can't be eradicated.
Does your company have any internships?
Happen to you callin back
Uhm..so this guy just cut me off & then 1 of his passengers flicked me off.
Hi, I am Kyle Clouthier. I run a small business. It's Social Media Business named Boost Social Media. It's very popular in all over the w
Staff focus groups in Maysville, OH today. How do you get honest feedback from your staff?
Someone's a little jealous of Phillip Phillips...😉
Good day for sports in the windy city!
The worse has passed, the better comes now!!
I Miss Him So Much )):
hm. 60 at the most.
"Random landscapes for covers, are you using a rubber?"
#Nats Finally give Strasburg some run support, 8k's for the young hotshot in his 3rd win.
"moribund" in what sense? 0.4 (less than two years old) was a huge improvement, and there are new commits from earlier this month.
Better than mine! LOL!!!!
RT : Twitpic!! // I second this
Happy with the way things are going with ! 😃 Glad we are working on things!
Same here. classic episode.
#dirtylittletuesday! That's good. We should do that!
ty for lettin me know that!
Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Remain sane in the face of coworkers in flip-flops by imagining that the dry, flesh-slapping noises are the sounds of rhythmic love-making.
I don't ask a dudes how many ppl they slept with bcuz Idc 2 kno plus I don't want then askin me mines lol bcuz I ain't gonna tell ya lol
Good morning...God is a Great God:)
That just seems unlikely...
I support bn vs. Microsoft, but I have a kindle now
Having our January Executive Board meeting hosted by
lol my dog ran in my room as soon as it started raining.
RT : A man may learn wisdom even from a foe. ~ Aristophenes
bitch shut up..you not going nowhere...
My bio prof loves the word semi-anal
I can tell which of my two dogs loves me more: the one that meets me at the front door every time. The other one stays in bed. Tsk, tsk.
Mason Shepard of Windward hs is a beast
no way the pack let go wells. He's way more important then finley
Heavy rains expected this weekend. Please drive safely!
That sounds nice & relaxing. Give Gizmo a hug/squeeze for me. :) See you in the morning, sisterly love!
What was the best concert you went to (who and when)?
Weather reports predict a storm this morning in Louisville on Derby day.. but it should clear up by the afternoon!
I totally understand and I got u!
Let's try forgiveness. A little less reaction, a little more reflection.
how about 5am?
Why wait when im given a chance now... It is way too scary to think bout it.
Here's my opinion on #NBAPlayoffs -- tonight the Magic, Nuggets and Hawks will be eliminated. Bulls are not done just yet.
Sorry I'm not Mike
Good Morning! Here is a test to find out whether your mission in LIFE is complete. If you're ALIVE this morning, it isn't. Enjoy your day!
Guy parked his Geo Prizm at Kohl's in Tosa. Puts a Club on his steering wheel. Dude, it's Tosa and you're driving a Prizm.
Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
#SmackDown do it do it
is that possible? lol
RT : o! Columbia Art Gallery in Hood Rvr serving during West Coast Teapots 2012, 3/2-4/1. Lovely way to...
After tomorrow them seniors gone!
I can do that. Are you sure lol?
Oh I can't wait to play it!
that picture was so very disturbing, lol
What a great post! Thank you so much for sharing!
Not sure where to go for lunch. Anybody know where I can get some of this pink slime everyone's been raving about? Sounds Ghostbustery.
That was my favorite line, too!
First day-'12 spring semester didn't come without its challenges, couldn't imagine better colleagues, dedicated, great to work with at
HiGH AS FuK!
Thanks for the RT! :)
"Let's go Orange! " chants completely drowning out the St. John's nonsense from the MSG video board.
Pleasure meeting you at Avila last night. The country & Constitution need you and you have my support.
As a group tho, women fall into that category.
4 years ago I was on a boat on the way to The Bahamas listening to amazing live music and discovering some of my favorite artists.Fun times!
Joe Adams, Lamar Miller already taken. Eagles pick not too far off. Who ya got/want?
ANSWER ME ON AIMM. LOLL. IMPORTANT...
me too!!!! I hate sneezing and sniffing all day
so any of ya walk out at 10:30 ?
Tonight is the night is the night we're losing control. Tonight is the night is the night we set it off. Everybody go.
too right man!! "i love it when ya put it right there" she'll be staring reet back man and we'll be the new pcd ha
RT !!!!RT : RT I hate asking for shit, sometimes I'd just rather do it the hard way....
There too! Looking forwarDD to seeing you at both DD's.
Do prefer #Twitter over #Facebook? Or do you use them for totally diff things?
Apparently its National Chocolate Chip day, seems like a good excuse to bake cookies
the myth, the man, the legend
Got a lot if thinking to do :?
think you have been hacked. Password change time?
How Tf Does Everyone Else Get In America Cus.....
RT This is the final week for EVEN THE RAIN. it was awesome... go see it!
That is just gross!
Obama isn't clear either- he clearly won't pick anyone who isn't complicit in financial shenanigans. Sad times.
RT : TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) -- Doctor: Rep. Gabrielle Giffords breathing on her own after being shot in the head.
50150 Need to
CRAZY SHOW! Thanks and Cincinnati!
Never on the guest-list, always unexpected..!
LADIES/those w/ friends who are ladies- A few #KICKBALL teams are looking for ladies to add to their roster. Send a message if interested!
how's Triple H?
hope so! Living in LA now but grew up NJ and lived in BK for 10 years, so def planning on comin to Barclays whenever I visit
hello :-) What u doing tonite x
I'm totally up for!
Earthquake felt at Dewey Beach, Delaware right on the beach!
Due to space constraints at the #school we recorded voice overs for my students' movies in a teacher's car. #DIY sound studio!
Screw today's writing goal. It's 70 degrees and sunny, and I am going out for a long walk.
it was at the end of the Friday song with steven Colbert
is still wondering if the geniuses at Mumbai remembered their viagra within their drugballs, as those 72 virgins aint gonna hump themselves.
now, like most sports fans in the world, even the heat themselves are over-HEATed... hype does not equal rings-u need a leader!
“: Like seriously, who dreams about paragliding with a pink poodle?”///only you Beks haha l
Preach!! ": I dare my future man to give me a card on our "one month" anniversary. I'll let him know it's been real..."
suck it!
I'm sure it's coincidental that it's also Thomas Crapper Day...
#YouGetPointsIf you like the Texans/Alabama. That's my teams :) 🏈🐘❤💙
you and I might be featured for tweeting back and forth while I was in a plane ,000 feet in a quote!
Vogelsong retires Cuddyer via fly ball to the warning track, disaster averted
The Naked and Famous take over Denver tonight! Who's heading to Ogden Theatre at 8 p.m. to see them?
Logging Off Twitter And Just Gonna Stay Texting My Gf <3, Twitter Is Dead At Night ._.
Ok, I get it. This isn't a quiet floor. Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers.
its k
trying not to dye rite now
Bought it loved it about to do an online submission for a pilot. Strange how things have changed
I can't stand the fact that you don't see me for who I am
Good morning Twitterland :-). Hope all have a wonderful day.
OMG YOU HATE ME RIGHT UGH PEOPLE HATE ME
Yeah, our lights keep us from doing middle slots. Pain in the ass, but we like 'em!
Because we both know where I'm about to go and we know it very well
interesting, can you tell me more? What does it look like and how long should it last? Also, how does it affect class culture
Kevin Na with a tribute to double-bogey golfer John Dedman, going with the 3-wood off the cartpath from 240 out.
Thx for the RT, Steven. (On importance of building personal brands of team members to boost client engagement + retention)
im not sure.
why have they just started to play round of applause on the radio the past couple weeks?
There are a lot! RT Best of luck to all students from that are experiencing
Had the #BestTimeEver at #Disneyland yesterday. Suggestion for #Disneyland: change #SplashMountain's name to "Tsunami Mountain."
you da one that i dream about
The campaign or the withering Romney fire?": : Mrs. Santorum looks tired & sad. It's a brutal, exhausting process."
miss you too. (:
Next door neighbors having a jamming party with some excellent Caribbean soul music: I ain't mad at ya for forgetting to invite me! :D
Spreading star dust and moon beams inspiring kids everywhere!
Congratulations. I suppose it makes sense. I'm a member of both institutions. When will members be notified?
Hey, it's not working!
My great uncles still refer to my mother as Bint Yacoub because her sons are twins. I vote for Umm Sophia!
See you for lunch? Old Town Greenwood...yum yum
So great to meet you yesterday! What a terrific day!
heard that.
Felt really good in practice today now I'm off to eat and then race and finally chill in the sun
. is it me, or is Billy Crystal slowly turning into Christopher Walken?
hahaha I liked that one too
Yeah! Our phone company pissed and I mean PISSED off my mom big time
smug + geek = gross
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
All numbed up. Doc's quote: "We'll just pop that nerve out"
Keeping track of New England baseball with the Boston Amateur Baseball Network.
and if you follow me it would meen the world to me
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
I would care... But u don't matter!!!
I didn't know you were in SA. How long are you here for?
Baltimoreans: Ever wonder what kind of parade float the would organize? Find out in our 2nd Anniversary show!
Job = $ = Shopping <3 this summer is gonna be bomb!
don't care that I'm being the biggest masshole on the road today
76ers advance to Round 2 where they can now lose in 5 games to the Founding Fathers...er, the Boston Celtics.
It's not just GOT. Do you not see something wrong with charging more for digital copies than physical print and paper?
RT: CIOs-CMOs in next digital decade: It's not going to be a good idea to have a relationship. It's going to be an imperative.
If you receive a dm from me saying "I seen something terrible about you" with a link, do not click on it. It's spam. Apologies for any issue
It's too late, dad. You make the Choice.
everyone has an opinion about bdg
This "social currency" campaign from American Express is lame. They're just points, AmEx. NBD.
Sure! We're keeping you in our prayers!
yea we here
"If you want to live, give up your foolishness & let understanding guide your steps." -Proverbs 9:6
omg dirty rice
“: Cant sleep”>>I can never sleep smh
: I see people's eyes glazing over at the geek factor of this digital media panel. Just sayin'... #pdxdmc” > 4 geeks, by geeks?
Wow gonna be 70 degrees all the way until next weekend..
Just curious, do you find it unfair that Soulcrate is considered in the contest since they are on a label and rap for a living?
time for #SMASH, season finale!
I am not interested in a yoga practice that simply calms in order to cope. I am interested in one that empowers me to confront injustice.
#orretweet! RT Ok. This is awkward. Thank you Richard Nixon for Earth Day.
I wish there were a job that let me cook for people. Like, I want to cook for people. For a living... Wait a minute...
Find a way to laugh
Hi, I feel ya. AppSumo is pretty awesome for tech self improvement!
RT “Nostalgia is denial. Denial of the painful present.” -Midnight in Paris (2011)
what about now?
O you're cool. Even using the
lehh do it>>
I now consider myself in the upper echelon of multitasking. I did my banking while on the toilet 2day, haha.
and I can't spell
I can't fuck wit them orange and grey 12s retros...it look too fake and its not O.Gs.
Did you know 83,000 diamonds were purchased in the greater Milwaukee area in 2011?
id even take regular cake
lol ok cool
Quote review re: #TheAvengers: Loki: “It is the unspoken truth of humanity that you crave subjugation.” We do, Master, we do.
waking up at 5:00 am is for the birds.
Murder Was The Case That They Gave Me by Snoop Dogg
just got to listen to the first mix of our new single. The Suicide of Thought. Sounds awesome!! -dg
Thanks for the RT, Bob! Hope all is well with you.
good morning!
Hopefully filmzrus will be up today
Fell asleep earlier while watching TV. Now I'm wide awake and starving. Scrambled eggs, maybe?
Rep Local, Think Global
Ending a busy day, bummer Bucks lost, but it was good hanging with Anthony Pettis!
The universe is taking me on a wild ride! Tough times now but I see California as my home in the near future.
HAPPY BiRTHDAY! i WiSH Y0U THE GREATEST BiRTHDAY AND PRAY Y0U HAVE MANY M0RE!!!!
they can't possibly doubt that you love them
when are you coming back for a panini. We miss your charming positive smile
“: I love the way that I can smile at my bestfriend and they know exactly what I'm thinking. ?”
Headed up to AT&T to clown!
Thanks for the support and back @ ya!
Beat the Christmas rush. Go to bed right now! Wake-up and go shopping at 4am, on day off, because it's #BlackFriday. lol.
NO!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Im gonna buy a perm kit and perm my locs and call it a life.
Hey! You're up? You follow me here? Follow me on Tumblr! Fun stuff to come. Just like candy. Honest. Idlewild1914
I wish there was more time in the day. Never get to finish what I plan on doing :(
Hi As soon as you show evidence that the alternative - a complete lack of acctability - improves public schools
Why have an original thought when you can simply Retweet?
Is there such a thing as a redeye flight that doesn't completely ruin the following day? I'm a useless dipshit today.
My dad was totally like "Sgt Wu is a bad guy? He's so nice on Grimm!" re the new Jason Statham movie!
Airline to charge $100 for carryons? I knew I didn't like Spirit Airline....these MF's have lost their minds
You got it!
Must have been that sandwich you fed it!
DO NOT
Hi!:) I'm a huge fan and I'm gonna keep tweeting you till you follow me :) aaha
Looking for hotties in San Diego? Go to WhereTheHottiesAt.com
hey - how have you been?
Never let your actions speak louder then your words, that's the difference between the educated and the uneducated -my old, badass, neighbor
Don Cornelius died... Fond memories from the '70s, even for this south Georgia born white guy.
So, ... you are the aficionado of all things '80s? Sounds ilke Doug has some competition!
no man I was waisted when I wrote that tweet I could of been talking about anything. Good news thoe
Katt Williams on comedy central! #pimpchronicles #hilarious....I like to remember him when he used to be funny
Because my 'c' key isn't working most of the time, faculty are frequently appearing to be faulty.
me too. Just listened to that. I hella love his verse on 'What a Job' too.
i thought it was stupid to
“: happy holidays!” Same to You!
gotta shake the devil off me ..I WALK WITH GOD
trying to figure out what #spotify did to my browser (#firefox) but still loving #spotify. just hope it doesn't make me really unhappy.
That should be me <3
you. cant. end. this. story. omfg. im crying.
Now that I'm back, I'm about to crash. It's great to be back here in Twitterland, miss you guys and gals. I'll be back tomorrow. Night World
We have a fast-paced development and are seeking ME, EE, and FW contractors. Please contact me ASAP if interested.
Just finished watching Mermaids while editing, adding listings (on etsy) with cat in my lap.
They went to a GOP convention and a hockey game broke out.
Hey, we are playing at Rozz Tox tonight, it's an early show. You should come out!
How does orange-hot pepper candle sound? I am going into making my own candles, why not? Be my own boss!
Just woke up. I feel well rested..
Yup, confusion over 2-hr delay has started.
haha yeah yeah!
I got a lemur for a pet!
And then you suddenly realize how miserable you are.....
also read the Miss Porter's article, very interesting. Craving Crispo's Italian but crunched for time
paint your nails a fun color.
- the obsolescence of the academic book is not material its institutional, not the content but the process
LOL...yeah right, now I gotta try and keep up with you!!! I saw the deal before but they don't have anything in DC. : (
Do you even know how much everyone hates you or.
Chris: TCART--occasionally there are postings sent out through listservs or newsletters, so get on them!
Please be sure to check out the The are amazing and will blow your mind!
lol, mee too.! I'm still laughing about the wheelchair joke.
over 40 minutes now since first tweets...
No joke just had a dream I was in the hunger games but the charactors were people I knew...I won.
This morning I woke up tired and ready to learn, now im still tired, havent learned crap and im sick from eating a hotdog >.> fml
aw, you don't have to hide it anymore... our endless love shouldn't be a secrete
I am going to shoot you kid
Perfect thanks so much! Have a good night.
Case in point: our 1970s vintage bathroom we're remodeling after 18 years of saying it needs to be done...
Loas Economic Report 2012 | Live Trading News
Joshua "the Hulk" Posley
Happy Mothers Day !
Use the auto embed feature to add videos. Just add the URL to a video on its own line in a post.
Oops. RT : A productive day starts with a good night's rest.
#GOP has to lie bout women, students, workers, social security, medicare & education & ONLY has #FauxSpewsRetorts 2 run to LOL
dollar burger night where?!?
RT Catharsis - Serpentine .
Being too comfy to get up and blowdry my hair <<<
Is there nothing to do tonight?
It has become abundantly clear the #Knicks will have to choose between Melo and D'Antoni. And they have 18.52 million reason to choose Melo.
Very interested to see who the #Steelers pick in the 1st round.
Surely you are fucking with me...........call me now FIND A PAYPHONE NOW
The zero comments button on my EvE article makes me sad
Deloitte sees visualization as the top tech trend of 2011.
can you say annoying!
Dodgers on top 9-1 over the giants. Bottom of the 8th.
So I'm thinking Shawarma for dinner anybody in?
A big shoutout to my two besties for making lunch very embarrassing but very memorable. Love you, girls.
BREAKFAST AT BOTTEGA LOUIE PART THREE POSTED THIS YESTERDAY on www.downtownster.com sorry I forgot to tell everyone! My bad!
To the producers of biggest losers: do they really have to take their shirts off when they weigh in???
Sounds good.
Way to go University of Richmond! Richmond 69, Vanderbilt 66.
Pitbull isn't hip hop. He's trashy pop.
Tomorrow it is!
Thanks to for inviting me to Green Bay yesterday. Had a great time talking about #socialmedia for
I'm very glad that I don't, at least for now I don't. We'll see if the Redistricting Panel keeps it that way or not.
NOT TIRED
Authentic LIVE CHURCH singing! No auto-tunes, lead singers with words on paper, just CHURCH! LOL!! Love it!
#ff as 5 women row across the Atlantic to raise awareness about human trafficking.
System of a Down on Pandora
5 days from now, only one place to be! In beautiful south Florida! Vintage Reggae Winter Fest
Off to to see the most hilariously offensive man in the world, Jim Jeffries
From the crew here at The W3 Awards, Happy New Year, folks!
But texting about talking? GENIUS
Hey we are here...wtf back at LA...Vegas airport closed due to wind turbulence! Its ok I just wanted to cruise the sky anyway...smh!!!
So tired and sleepy lol still laying in bed and sore :)
Tear down the Eshweiler Buildings?! That is such a horrific idea, it shouldn't even be contemplated! What is wrong with these people?!
I'll let you know in a bit. I'm not sure.
ok can we fuck on twitter yet?
I'm sorry, what did you say?? I can't hear you..
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline @ John Nolen. Ramp to John Nolen closed. The EB Beltline may be closed, too. Avoid Area.
yes you can!! Its easy!!!
Best of luck to PRODIJIG on Got to Dance UK tonight. Tear it up and let's push things forward!
What was your favorite gift/memory this holiday?
Tough loss last night. We'll only be back for big plays until Football. Message us on Facebook if you want to have picks sent to you daily.
thanks for the test!
fuck that new girl that been in your bed bcuz when ur in her i kno im in ur head !
Nice fact! Love when you post this kind of stuff! HISTORY!!!
unless you can type it in 140 characters or less :-)
can u have one in atlanta georgia plz
Hi there! Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th! Do you own The Rodeo?
#nlcatlanta You have to measure your own engagement...
I just saw this. I'm down!
I guess so, its at 15th and I nw
#ImAlexsGirl who the hell is this
Great presentation this morning by Inspired & motivated to do more DI.
National Teachers day, and Nurses week! Who by name should we salute? 978-1023
So you got back with your dude huh, so that's why I ain't heard from you in a minute just cut me off completely lol
so you never shorted under $1?
or to anyone who would actually listen to such a demand. Conspir Theories do nothing but muddy real solutions.
idk im working too lol I just got the text from The Sports Hub which is the Boston Sports station I listen to lol
Bizet's Carmen with the neighbors. Opera singers are getting svelte. No fat lady at the end.
Happy mothers day and happy birthday to my wonderful mother💗🎉🎈!!
WHAT'S MEANT FOR YOU .. WILL NOT PAST YOU !!!!
i have a humor. you cant read my personality over twitter though, i forget to tweet every 5 seconds
Why does Donald Trump given so much media time. wake up America! Is he high? Anymore think am wrong?
RT : Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.- Thomas Edison<=Super Right!
You know what sounds fun? Running from the bull in Spain. It's got to be awesome and terrifying when you see the bull single you out.
#SAGawards Ensemble Cast in a Motion Picture went to 'The Help'! Another epic win if you ask me!
Made $330 at the car wash ! Good job guys (:
'If we lose, we should throw possums..'
The weather feels as if tomorrow should be the first day of March, not February!
Network growing, Net-worth rising. Feeling great!
Can not wail til tonight. My bestie grant is staying the night ^.^
no way, n I was looking to grab some late night snack... This message 3 hours later :( lol.
hey sexy
I love <3333
Hm...What should I eat tonight?
RT : at 18-20 have a better record than #Diamonbacks #Rockies #Angels #WhiteSox #Brewers and the same as #RedSox ...
Tomorrow is Mother's Day! Stop by to pick out the perfect give for mom! We are open from 10-7pm today :)
Yes it was not nice and my knee cap hit a rock when I fell down. I still don't know the guy
There is still a difference between something and nothing, but it is purely geometrical and there is nothing behind the geometry
Your damn career is interfering with mine. Ha
87 members in 18 hours. Wow! www.airlinecrew.com Know any airline crew members? Tell them about airlinecrew.com!
Good-night, sweet-dreams tomorrow will be a new day to cherish to the fullest.
Bennet introduces ARPA-Ed program to help spur tech innovation in US education
Shonda Rhimes is KILLING It right now. I LOVE this show..
She Rolling Weed & She Don't Even Smoke !
THANKS TO ALL WHO ARE MY TWEET FRIENDS....SHOWING NUTHING BUT LOVE FROM THE KUEEN OF KRUNK WITH
got my chinese food and girl scout cookies now ready to watch
time to realize that hype does not mean good, much is hyped but less and less lives up to it
your trynna say you didn't do the lean with rock wit it ?
Count your blessings not your problems
I love it when I can hear the cars out running at the speedway! May is the best month of the year!
Yes it is one of my favs atm :L <3
Ha! That's hilarious! I watch way too many pug videos on Youtube. Don't tell anyone.
Thank you! We've been in business since 1975, and personally design or choose every item in the showroom.
Will you be tweeting out the link to the recording of the show soon? I'm adding it to my pimping tweets! ;-)
RT Up with the sun and ready to kick off the day with and his panel on the personalization of learning
Funny how being alone with the 4 y.o. for 10 days can kill your ability to participate in social media.
"suck it"
I'm making a list of 30 things to accomplish/experience/learn before I turn 30 (in a little over a year). Suggestions for the list?
Thanks a lot, bro. You'll see :)
Happy Opening Day!
3 of the 4 D2 schools in this year's field are conference champs of mainly D1 conferences.
It's nice to know what other people really think of me.
finally agreeing with me.. Hs too raw. Hennessy, and pill party are good too
Congratulations and for winning best of show
Planning our senior cruise with
do you like the direction they are going...I'm not
Come on out tonight to the GGC on me! Who wants on the list?
and I wasn't even awake yet.
yeah i know! he may not be there tomorrow, but i'm sure it will be an electric atmosphere
rocks #partofme on
I'm letting life go in the direction it wants. I truly dot care anymore.
It's a very broad question - so many directions you could take this #edchat. Still pondering ....
However, the woman that George was speaking to told him that Harold Camping had previously set a different date for "The End of the World"..
I stayed, lol
Hope we see you at the
Well it's bout time to hit the hay :) goodnight :))
no, we split! back in btr
Just saw someone do the sad Charlie Brown walk to a T. He seemed even more upset when I chuckled at him.
reading my english book :p blaah . & hoping you'll reply:) i love that:D what did u do today ?<3
Who wants a follow on instagram???
But he no-hit the Twins! RT " ESPN: Can't remember seeing a pitcher as angry as Weaver was when he came out. In an absolute rage"
that was long overdue.
This probably isn't worth mentioning.
Thinking about going to LA for my birthday in may. Gettin stoked.
THANKS Heather! Appreciate the shout-out tons!!
Nice try kid.
$5 Stoli cocktails, $1 Pabst, and $3 Powers shots!! Sunday Funday people. Get with it and get down here!!
who knows!? Its dc sarcasm haha. They just keep coming!
Vehicles with up to date registration and parking stickers are not abandoned and can be parked in any valid space in the city.
Angel Pagan up with some insurance out at second base
a little Beach Boys this morning to balance out ze gloomy weather
In the middle of editing the and notice a lot more people shooting video than submitted. Still time folks!
can you please follow please!? :)
I only actually buy 2-3 PPVs a year
"I AM THE QUEEN OF FRANCE"
Yeah. It was dino-mite. :/ RT : Was it big? RT a moth just landed on my computer
Guages are so gross looking. I don't understand why you would want giant holes in your ears?
Hey Defence thanks for giving the Donkeys a playoff birth. You all should be ashamed by the way you played today. Thanks for that
Help me get the word out about my book. Please retweet my last tweet.
taking the podium--what are the trends in higher ed?
lmao Ik but I thought u were the girl that had them since sophomore yr
<3 What's up Zach?
Sometimes I feel so old.
Wedding dream team today: Balance Photography, Up Do's For I Do's, Beat 2 Beat DJ, Locoflo, Dionysus Kitchen, JPB Designs
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
"How do you buy a newspaper?" -
All I want to do is go to the gym. But all I physically can do is lie in bed.
i love how i showed up to all my classes today and ALL of them were cancelled!
I'm at ma fischers....close enough lol
IF YA TRYING TO KEEP ME U FIRST GOTTA KEEP UP!!!
I hope for you the show won't be a huge success…
and u know what I decided is I think I'm guna bring a spoon to ms. Quinn's class on Wednesday and scoop those lil guys out
Nice! Thx RT : there's a pic of 1 of the eggs in my timeline, and yes! :) I'll suss out the dets for u.
Love old people
If anyone were to beat me to the punch I would have wanted it to be Brory.
success looks way better than any dudes we've met. well, actually, most things look way better than any dudes we've met.
The BBQ is later, I guess I'll relax & put my feet up;-)
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
in photo of players it looks like Beckett spent winter feasting on fried chicken & beer. Reminds me of Clemens in his 40's
Noeleen: It takes 0.1 second to for your opinion of someone...it's critical to pick the right spokesperson.
how he is better without braces.♥
Beliebers are ready for boyfriend!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait
Places are characters in the story of my life. I love them all so very much. #Chicago <3
You win
what are u talking about.
exactly how I feel
a lot of teams rank him as top guard but get scared he is not as safe as Decastro and Glenn because of D2 label
it's pouring rain in Hollywood at the moment.. Do you really want to see that?...
....Your serious??
I think my story is pretty good!
I will! Can't wait to catch up when we get back
especially since if they do get in they will be knocked out in the first round it's bullshit
Blah bombed my geometry test wtf if only my teacher would teachp
