hey girly! Been busy at work, I think I might be playing the crawfish boil on the 5th :)
Crikey - it seems there are no add-ons for the 32bit & 64bit versions of & Therefore, 7-9 are mandatory.
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. Duane Michals
Had fuku burger tonight and sin city wings last night. I love that there down on freemont st this weekend. to bad there not there every week
RT : John Terry won't want to mark Suarez today. I hear they're great friends. They get on like a cross on fire
goin to the football game 2nite :)
Q1a: Bike that I want - Giant TCR Advanced
Having a fantastic time at #TEDxSanDiego!! This is unbelievable!! So happy #car2gosandiego is a part as well!
Word I'd like to see retired for the rest of the year: "journey."
Thanks RT Thank for showing leadership by speaking out for America Makes me happy that you will be
Yeah, I meant the bridge construction site. My neighbors speculate it was a canon shot, perhaps from the local gun club.
The marathon may be winding down, with the zombies running all over town. After moving your feet, it's time to eat, and the Dish...
Helu and Benson...and if I had to choose one, I'm going with the guy I've backed all year - LROB! Good luck!
My Thanks to all
thanks, you too.
"I would rather lose in a cause that will some day win, than win in a cause that will some day lose!" Marinate on that...........
agreed. most men would say they make their own luck, not some higher power.
If I'd had a Swedish edition of I could have made some money. Overall, I think they primarily enjoy Sky Mall.
Tonight we have #NBA #NHL playoffs! #Mariners and more baseball!! And our awesome patio is open!!
Velcro screams quality!
Apparently I'm missing the double rainbow...all the way across the sky...
I moved because of her lol iknow so big Edward & u can be hittin the blunt
yea you're right Mike. Defense is a much bigger need. After waiving Collins the Pack has a bunch of needs
umm i may have to come into cafs JUST for your cupcakes. God I love you and your baking!
I heard Ray Finkle is the third base coach and Lois Einhorn is the pitching coach
- the #SoupGuru first weekly email newsletter is published! To view send a message with email address!!
“Be gentle w/ yourself. You are a child of the universe-no less than the trees & the stars. In the confusion of life, keep peace in ur soul”
Top of the show segment!
def. Calls for recovery!!!
Amy Earhart 19th Geospatial Mapping interactions between Concordians, Irish Catholics, African American & Transcendentalists.
Your my celeb crush, can i be your fan crush?;)
I hope too :)
I've been waiting for this solar powered parking meter to process my payment for 2+ minutes. Even automated govt services are inefficient!
At the SXSW community engagement panel. stressing the importance of starting "real conversations" in posts/updates.
Sometimes i can be a IDGAF person
We are THANKFUL for all of your support this and are closed today so we can eat & drink, and spend time with family and friends.
Fresh Cool Drinks perhaps?
I gained like 8 followers today haha
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime
Hallelujah the Steelers are puttin up some points!
The gym wore me out. My body DOES NOT feel like a wonderland.
To me Ron Paul looks like the guy who gets unhooded at the end of every #ScoobyDoo episode. --Jimmy Kimmel @ White House Correspondents Din.
now begins the talk back after 'End of the Rainbow' #SUinNYCTheater #MylaLerner everyone enjoyed the performance!
You got...voted!
was just pinged about a great ecommerce opportunity in Berkeley -- DM if you're interested and I'll put you in touch with the recruiter
just getting back some of the feedback from folks on the new album Cautionary Tales, haunting, exquisitite, rich are the buzzwords
went 2 weeks before she passed away. Thanks again.
Bout' to go out w/ the moms for a lil bit. TMLL <3
Planning groupon dream vacations is my favorite non work activity when I'm at work.
well you could be.
2 chains reminds me of jar jar binks from star wars hahaha
At Glen Ellyn police station re: parking ticket. Cust. parking during lunch at Honey. What is the matter w/ these people?
yes, the tannins are definitely still there but decanting should help.
RT : At the White House Rose garden for the Teacher of the Year ceremony. All of the state winners are being announced
right on...have a good night bud! P.S. I dig your website..
Work is so slow ): come visit if you're in Harrison or rye !!!!!
man nigga b trippin out hear man......and that sum real shizzz
Featuring select readings by SMILE, HON contributors, including EARL CROWN, E. DOYLE-GILLESPIE, SHARON GOLDNER, FERNANDO QUIJANO I...
looks like boston could be done...
Have a great show big Brah.
Looking for an awesome Sales & Marketing Manager for The Hard Rock Cafe in Memphis! Email for more info!
I don't know what else to say instead of .... "IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY !! GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!"
Bass control on stereos should be outlawed in private homes.
LolRT : Im speaking all Mexican .2day
RT Need a haircut? Go to and tell them sent ya!
Demi Fixes Our Hearts.
Most of the people who dream to own some record label often fail
LA did not lose by 30. I believe that is something they can build on.
just got every obey shirt at zumiez lol 👌
they're hacking up a deadman!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i thought i was so cool
I SEE YOU.
win!! you know the friendship is done when you're removed from someone's top 8
You know what? Me too!
I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
Cheering on my roommate doing Insanity in front of me while I check my email.
so the Google homepage is pretty awesome this AM
all of my overlord ... er ... computer are shipping towards me! can't.contain.excitement.
Im ready to eat!!
u know u famous when u asign ur twitter followers a number
Nice job Jackson!
Im always the only one up
anchorman sequel? oh yeah. I can fucks with that
Good morning! Just 2 days left... :-)
Oh, man, you're killin' me :) Back to the drawing board (I'll probably still get the Pad or Pod over Kindle though) Thanks again.
If you still feel stressed & tension, try aromatherapy to natural relief from headaches, anxiety, & everyday stress.
that what happens!
Here's hoping I don't wack the mic with my headphones this week...
Lightweight. A man like you should be able to handle a little N. Ephron every now and then. #"...nineextrafloors."
Maybe a hair product emergency?
“What yoga does is to help remove what stands in the way of your being the bright light and powerful force that you really are.” Rod Stryker
Shampooing my room soon! WET CARPET YUCK!!!:( 
Watching Tower Heist, don't have a good feeling about this
In order to know (the great) Reality, you must be sane. In order to be sane, you must be out of your mind.
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. ~Vincent Lombardi
At Town Beer in Dirty Stallis, WI celebrating my Double Sweet 16!
WAIT!!!! LIONEL RICHIE AND FRIENDS ON TV!!! floss can wait an hour... just this once...
Thank you all for the warm welcome! It is much appreciated. :)
Had a blast when you came to Detroit brody!
Here I am (at Sunday brunch), rock you like a hurricane (blasting in my ear)
#lonelyisland is tweeting... Life is great I love them... Jorma is my secret lover <3
J just wanna sleep.
I think planned this overnight stay in Cedarburg to keep me away from 's Adopt-A-Thon!
anti-reform msg last week: "parents union parents are dirty liars" anti-reform msg this week: "no more mudslinging" #recsissiongate #really?
Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
ohhtayy my fellow noodle (:
All-Clad's Emeril Cookware is now 50% off!!!!!!
They swept the Blues lol. They are playing Phoenix now. It's going to be a great series. So is the Rangers and Devils
wow I'm out! That's bull... Real cool I didn't scream or anything
Open the Doors to Learning... great blog post by
cool, bro
I'm away from #smashville. Will the game be on TV?
Or any motor racing event....
glad you liked get the gringo, I played the secretary!
Looks like big #FantasyDraft points for me at #OverTheLimit!
Germans have no word for fluffy.
My main character, Maddie, gets to find out what it's like to live in pioneer Indiana when she finds out she's from there
YES! Nick moved back!
He is a brilliant Radar guy. He is in FL but will go where the work is. My thanks for your interest.
haha I guess they just heard how good we are and were too scared to show
& the best sports season officially starts today ... Yankee Baseball ! #letsgoyankees 👍⚾#⃣1⃣😁
He's making coffee. Or meth. No I'm pretty sure it was coffee.
And just when things were getting boring, a gynecologist with 9 fingers walked in. Now it's a fucking party.
When I get "Real" and connect to my message...it gets too unstructured. They say it is a bit like an explosion...
I've been behind in my #FFs so just wanted to send you a shout out! Have a great week
We are the Voice of Jesus Christ...Are You?? Spread the word that GOD IS LOVE! Have a blessed weekend everyone! – pls RT -
Stop in sometime. We'd love to frame one for you guys on the cheap.
I cant wait for highschool!
I ask because I am identify that my tradition is slowing me down, I am trimming the fat to grow as a Hmong person.
About to take a super nap then head out to to video mix it up!!! will be in the spin room!
Thanks for sharing :)
SALE 1.00 Ct Round Diamond Vintage Curve Engagement Pave Engagement Wedding Ring
So sick of this place
Wow, normally I have no problem saying hi to a celeb, but just froze when ran into badass Dustin Brown from LA Kings!
Good news from the Magic (finally) They will be going to the playoffs for 6th straight season – longest active streak in NBA East
I havent feed thaa fish in two weeks, die fish , die.
...but then there's also "Group Genius" Check out the book by Keith Sawyer
hey you ;)
Ramma Lamma is playing this THURSDAY at Cactus, not Wednesday like was originally posted!!!
Happy Hour Tonight from 4-6pm. $1.00 off all drinks and appetizers including Legendary Zucchini!
If Your Reading This... I LOVE YOU <3
gay men...
When it comes my money I expect absolutely no bullshit
Ok, so you just need recording and mixing done? ..i'll DM you my contact info so we can discuss it.
Because they are my designer socks now! <3
yeah, it was amazing. Too bad Barack was in Hawaii at the time....
YAY! Baby steps. :)
that show we talked about is looking to happen mid-sept. happy dog. us, you + one other band. we'll have to all chill before then..
You're in my thoughts and prayers!!! Stay strong!!
I thought the $25K was toward the effort to bring the tournament there. Either way, bottom line a big factor w/girls tourney
WAY TOO COLD I PROMISE YOU'll NEED SOME THERAFLU.
hope you love your new thanks for the sweet tweet!
Common Sense: Never hide information needed for task completion behind barriers. Common Prblm: How do we protect user privacy , verify ID?
Just now noticed that Scopus is still active for my computer despite that I only had a week trial
There are cats fighting out my window...it scared me so bad I jumped so high...I hit my head on the ceiling!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions."
Sweet and Spicy Roasted Chickpeas These sweet and spicy roasted chickpeas make a fantastic high-protein snack the kids will Read Full Pos
SHOUT OUT TIME" Showing respect & support to WORLD AIDS DAY"
any reccs? asking 'Can anyone recommend blogs (on any topic) they read written by black women in DC?'
If this train moves any slower, we might just go back in time.
Good Tuesday morning to you!
The most important thing we have to do today is breathe. Interestingly, even that is a choice.
": Morning Tribe fans! Do we get to play the #Boston Josh Beckett's again today? #Please"< teabag the punk ass bitch...again.
im ready to love againn...
New tour video coming soon
Hitting to the streets of DC today--- Metro Center, today is your day (pending parking)
MI6 spy Gareth Williams was &#39;discovered in bed with hands tied to headboard&#39;
Met a friend & her dog for a run this morning in the park. That dog chased everything. We ran 5.5 miles...the dog did about 9.
Find out what you have in Christ, So if you see no evidence of it, you'll know whither you have it or not.
lmfaoooo yes I do!!!
Watching Dante's Peak and nodding out.
hustlers gotta hustle!
Sweet! Sounds like fun!!! Enjoy! :)
:::sending energetic vibes::: the great thing about hungry teen boys (from my experience) is that they eat anything. Gratefully.
I'm so jealous! I'm following the tweets there!
It’s not cheating unless you get caught. ;D
Gingrich and Santorum endorse Kansas plans to continue to the convention despite loss in New Orleans.
While making sure your child gets enough calcium,don’t forget vitamin D. Most don’t drink the 4 glasses of milk/day. Maybe use a supplement?
Stopped by here to say hi and have a wonderful day. take care
Nunn Center's #OHMS system being featured tomorrow at #webwise to demo interface that could be used to crowdsource indexing of
throwin' the word "friend" around a bit loosely there, eh?
People pretty consistently notice my haircuts 3 months after the fact
then the Redskins have some problems.
Last week of class...pushing for a strong finish!
he knows me .. wheew whiping forhead ..cant afford to lose friends
Wheels up...next stop NYC
psssst. I'm at HCI all week.
I can't hear Norah Jones without thinking about my dad.
#incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school. but some shot will really help yo ass in the long-run
sick day today....gonna eat some ramen
Gotta B Kushed up through da holidays. it's the only way 2 bring 2012 n
Power isn't for everyone simply because some people don't know how to behave when they have it
Desperate Housewives series finale 😢
Welcome to our team Derek Lewis, James Garrison, Laura Morin, and Elizabeth Hiestand!!!
...TGIF! I have friends coming into Milwaukee from Chicago...any good suggestions on what to do and where to go?
We LOVE it!
Thanks for the RT & Happy Friday!
Reminds me a bit of my upper arm. Hopefully won't take 6 years though.
Thank you for supporting Energy Fitness and Wellness ! Please take a moment to suggest our page to all your friends and family! Thank you!
The hotter it is, the more still I am. 83 inside doesn't feel so bad if only my fingers are moving (typing). Did the pioneers know this?
there is even a book on Amazon about knitting with dog hair. Imagine how that sweater would smell in the rain.
Can I get a whoop whoop? Damn I'm at work. Boss on vacation ! Yeah
yeah, these girls are amazing !
LOL but i didnt wake up regretting it AT ALL. LOLyo, that cinco de mayo will go down in history, especially the morning after calls
“: Too many movies to choose from #Netflix” & nothin good -__-
Q2 But the library in my town shouldn't look like the one in yours. We all have different needs.
lol, swear.! It really is.
Boys look for love with their eyes .
Yeah, I am hoping to be there on Saturday for senior day before I head to the #PawSox game to (likely) see Dice-K!
nothing foo hey wat u wan watch ghost rider is playing
Really fun looking surf in NY today. Wish I was there. Counting down the days till may!
RT : How do you measure success as a professor: When a recent undergrad gets a job with a higher salary than yours.
Gotta love Bryce Harper's hustle. The kid plays the game right!
One month until 1D is in arizona yeaaahhhhh
Like I said my friend is bring a bitch she drew on my shirt I'm f*cking mad, I i didn't even knew till the reacher told me!:(
Good to be back home in Minnesota for the #NHLDraft. The airport has welcome signs everywhere. Minnesotans love their hockey!
up 3 @ half
you just have to trust me. if i was a fake i wouldnt be replying to you
Got any plans for the approaching weekend? We'd love to hear them!
#vampirediaries Why don't these vampires just tear Elena's head off? She's just a meddlesome human. Major plot holes.
Gotta get up bright and early to be on set bright and early. Hopping off to work on my script. Have a FANTASTIC evening my dears :)
Ok, we can do that on Friday too. I was too pooped to participate that day I said I would do it.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. ~ Lucille Ball
So a rapper here dissed all Milwaukee? Oh.
#100factsaboutme I usually like to poop in the morning while checking twitter :)
you need to add more punctuation, and grammar cuz i read that completely wrong lol
yea man... Its looking like it.....
try her at and you will get her AND Tom!!!
great art work
A-FUCKING-MEN RT The penis is the most uglyiest looking things ive ever seen in my life , bleeeeeh -____-
Adam & Blake are the cutestt. :)
long day today time to lay down and eat icecream
looking forward to SMPP. Any way to get a quick question answered before it starts?
in the dark listening to music
I agree on your point, but I will never complaint if they made the office colder
Career Chemistry: Best Jobs for Enterprising People:manager/executive/financial manager/sales manager/representative/ venture capitalist
Good Morning, Cincinnati! Please follow the #NGS2012 hashtag for great info and tweeps to follow! Have a fabulous Friday!
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making two sets of fangs today!
OH SHIT, YOU GOT ME GURLLL.
We've been spending most our time living life in a gangsta's paradise
Belated thanks to for coming to the rescue (again!) yesterday. I'd be lost in Wales and Winnersh without you...
;-) now can I get a shout out cutie
Feeling very lucky to live close to the ocean; it's inspiring every time I see it, and it calms and focuses me.
Hey #TEDsters, don't forget to sign up on National Lab Day and "check" that you are with ted.com - you will get the chance to win an iPAD!
Finally downloaded #drawsomething. Instantly obsessed.
It's 3:48am and we see a very vivid star flashing light over the Atlantic Ocean!
POWER OF PRAYER: What you REVEAL to God, God will HEAL for you...
Kloppenburg nets 24 in Vernon CTY. For those keeping track that puts #kloppenburg up 261 with more changes to come.
i forgot to text you.!
#Akwasi_Frimpong, takes part of the #Utah_Valley_University #Woodbury_ school_of_business promo film. Film soon on website stay updated.
Now at the airport to head home to Austin. Fantastic
Darren Criss Offers Inside Look Into His Broadway Show (VIDEO) If his career keeps up like this, Darren Criss may find himself with an EG
Tonight's Blue Plate Special: smoked salmon pasta.....yum yum
Freedom and a day off. I see cooking and cleaning in my future.
Look stumpy (you like that new nickname? It's a height thing), call me a butthole again and I'll shove my boot up yours.
I'll be there at the black box on the 25th and 26th for sure :)
A a day keeps the doctor away! .. Dr pepper that is :)
If the grass is greener on the other side, you can bet the water bill is higher.
im gonna miss my old car lol
Darlene Brown Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I will be trying to do some replys tomarro & shouts & hopefully a #MM too :-) xo
oh yaa. Go to that plz
i follow back!
Slight push off lol RT : Did Harrington just make Gasol turn a circle?
My Girl and My music>>>
cab driver is as drunk as me
The 5 o'clock traffic jam is banging out the speakers! #teamKTFM yeah buddy
Ohh Twitter, I know I can tell you anything and you wont judge me.(:
#mla12 #s442 pedagogical implications: pushing back on the assumption of dataviz, environmental lit as objective
i automatically loose a little respect for guys i know, when i see them liking pictures of girls half naked on Facebook..
Plenty of time for Weeks to get hit by a pitch again tonight.
Psalm 37:4 trust in the Lord. He'll give your your hearts desires and dreams. It may not be exactly what you wanted, it will be even better.
Sorry you're having log-in trouble. Have you contacted your local library for help? ~Mike
same to you!
Tournament tomorrow for volleyball.these bitches are gonna be first<3(:
lol pillow fight?
Coconut chicken for #paleo #Paleo_Diet #paleodiet dinner. It is amazing how coconut oil makes EVERYTHING taste amazing!
I wish
You did what you could bro. You're teammates could of matched your output a little more. lol....GG
Duck typing for variables. Hee, hee.
Watching the woman in black and we're all soiling ourselves bro D: lol
Get 2 medium 2-toppings for 9.99 this week only! No coupon needed, just mention the special. Expires 11-27-11!
Oh, wait, actually, there are a lot of interactive parties on that list.
text me! I'm all caught up at work with damn paper work
My husband dropping a coconut off our balcony seems to have made Reed's day.
Vista Sheriffs are looking for missing 8 year old Julio Cisneros last seen wearing a white t-shirt, jeans, may have blk sweatshirt
grl wth idk what I'm doing I didn't read the directions went up the elevator and don't know how to get some instructions
Spring cleaning while listening to
As cramped as PF doctrine is for a solution, I don't know there are better ways for *litigators* to go right now... Hence, sigh.
you cheering for the devils
Just got to Philly, pretty night, let's go
yup. :) I'm not a big fan of Justin, but i realy like this song. :P
My obsession with chapsticks is going overboard that i need it every minute. .....do you have any chapsticks, ? haha
RT : Everyone says hate is a strong word, but they throw around love like it's nothing...
I hope you feel better and heal asap!!! xo
“ They say with age comes with wisdom, but it has definitely skip quite a few people”
It's coffee time
Menon: Gift of Rain asks us to reimagine modern Malyasia
Back at it on a Monday... Welcome to the Thunderdome
grr I failed my road test grr
Were on the corner of Warren and Brady on Milwaukees east side
infringing, not stealing. Point taken though.
never left, I'd promise I'd stay <3
- attended "Art of the Agency Interview" with Tony Nation yesterday. Excellent! To do list totally revamped. Thanks.
Do you know any upcoming graduates? Have they secured jobs yet?
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
What's your favorite song off All The Way? Ps.. Please follow us... PLEASE???
oh yeah. Being too on time is not fab! Have fun in #austin!
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him. And the second time...
thanks so much for RT
Gonna go eat breakfast for dinner. Normal in the summertime.
Excited for my 1st theater experience of Fall 2011. Going to see with Sam Jackson and Angela Bassett. Prepared to be moved!
oh nice dude I've never been there :( and just have some faith I already got all of my credits!!
You're right. Clearly, they should give up what they've been winning with and play a more aesthetically pleasing style.
I hope you get to see it. It is def a must see. Beautifully done film.
#BBN follow my man ! Not only one of the all time greats but also very interactive with his fans.
39bb entering lvl 2 of wsop main. Have to try to stay positive and just grind.
anticipating the swat, elegantly, the fly takes off
Just passed a street view maker in #Nashville pretty awesome looking... and semi-creepy.
7/22 come hang out to see Guaranteed good time! Come say hi, we'll be there!! :)
Thank you Photoshop, for once again being both the best and worst thing in the world.
well I hope your alive for new years.
About time girl
Consider me guilty. We'll have to cover Commando in a future episode. What's the theme, other than ass kicking?
Nice! Ask them where they get the oil changed. That often will tell you alot about how well the car has been maintained.
Not only does Gregg Marshall not rebuild, but you can't even say he reloads, because he upgrades the talent every recruiting class.
Hi Jackie - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
you iz very tolerant of small peeplez. Ize scared of dem.
Heading over to Hendersonville to start getting my new place ready to move into! Excited. I'll be living on the lake. Funny how life works
what lol? you look nice with glasses on :P
I love a little music mixed onto my morning 😄 now time for that is a requirement for my everyday mornings 😃
So, #Truckeroo, who's going tonight? I'm taking to show her what DC can do!
hello world
Toshiba Satellite LED 14.0-Inch Laptop in 4 hours! Brand new Xbox 360 Elite in 3 hours!
these beats dont get phat on their own, you gotta feed them shits
It's a great parade!
New publisher Doug Manchester says paper could spawn a radio station and TV station in push to diversify in KPBS interview.
Record-breaking bridal train up in the air
A little dejavu from that save Thomas
Thanksgiving > Halloween
Awesome text from my wife: "We are leaving swim practice early...somebody pooped in the pool".
"(A woman) ought just to show her feelings enough to let him taste the hidden sweets." 11/08/1869
My dear older brother's birthday is tomorrow. Please say hi & follow But also remember the stories he tells of me are lies.
Does anyone on twitter know what mud bogging is? Probly not...
Gov #Brown's initiative is good start but not enough, Bill Freeman, SD Education Association.
Spanish, Level 1 :) Could you let us know who knew? RT : Did you know that Diablo 3 is spanish for Devil 3?
Happy #WorldTheatreDay, everyone! Though a Tuesday (not many shows tonite) buy a ticket for this weekend and support local
I should sleep now...
Come on down to Scottsvile Farmers Market today for Cherry Pie and FREE cookies! Open 8:30 to 12:30 TODAY!
25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS, & late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40
Announging the Smart Grid Implementation Summit - August 17-19 in Washington, DC! Check us out at www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid for more info!
The guy is worth Millions, he can be Queen of fucking England if he wants...
sure...here's the blog. Warm weather = bugs
Glad to be back.
The more I look n the mirror I realize... Im not a rapper...
#NowFollowing my bruda lol :) #R.T R.T R.T R.T R.T RKL IT AINT NO TRADEN N DIZ....
RT #Taurus enjoys romance by candlelight and watching the play of shadows on their lover's body.
off site.
Finally, thanks to & Tom Augst for the invitation to Promising future for
I could #squeezelife much easier if you sold this stuff by the barrel :D
#bigdataweek chat w Todd Park is TUE 2p est - submit questions ahead of time if u want
Amen brother.
Happy Bday to my lil sister, I hope its filled with joy!
I think we're planning a trip with the boys, Keith and Susie in June. Will you be in Dallas then?!?
If you were a star you'd be the one I'd be looking for
I want a hippopotamus for christmas!
I got that crucial killa love
#motives? let me assist you in your vacation needs in #ladiesnight #singles text 7026737032 for vip services
thank you I will do that
Probably doing make up work tonight :/ ugh!
You're the 2nd person I've seen raving about it! I'm gonna have to check it out to see all the hype!
GoodMorning I hope you have a great day today :)
Coming home today from work haven�t ever felt so fucking good.Now amazing music,hot shower, good food and something good from Mr. Palahniuk.
MT : #UCDavis student journalists who covered the pepper-spraying, "Walk of Shame" now facing punitive action by UCD. #really? #REALLY?
I've had the Baccano! theme in my head for the past 30min because of that tweet.
A lot of good shows got cancelled so sad to see The River, The Finder, Awake, Alcatraz all shows that haven't had a decent conclusion.
Check emails Memphis!
The Fucking Shade.....
Definitely surprised the drop wasnt bigger....
I can imagine. And on gorgeous days like today I have no idea how they corral kids into the classroms.
at the Deli tonite featuring and Italian Picnic 6-8pm. Rumor has it Blue Sunday will be join us. Be there!
They are a fleet of troopers!
RT Who is joining me, and today and going makeup free?? #youarebeautifulwithoutit xoxo
Thanks for the RTs Carlos :)
Doing your best C+C Music Factory impression? (Things that make you go hm) RT Roy Williams. Hm...
Mad Cause I LookBetter Than The Girl That's Wit Chu '.
Great night with & ! Until next time, ladies! Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!
Thanks for the RT Steve! Have a great weekend
Falling asleep very relaxed? Getting to sleep in the whole bed rather than what pets allot you
RT I live in a bizarre satire where corporations are people, pepper spray is a condiment and hoodies constitute probable cause.
Why is #SpaceJam a topic for the Chicago twitter trends?
--- is there a war against PAAS?
I can't tell if I'm exhausted, sad, or if I just ate too much BBQ this weekend. Whatever it is, bleh.
this excitement is making me more excited. Will let you both know when I register.
He did
are you heading to Dove Valley!? :-)
omg I want one :(
Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks to all for your continued support of Studio 4 Art!!
Listening to Gym class heroes.
i'll be WFH this afternoon. Maybe we can pick this up over a webinar?
Guys are complacated..i want someone like he just seems so perfect :)
I cant wait!!
<<<<<<<is not a SPAMMER I swear...I'm just tryin to hook y'all up :)
This week's special The Frodo T-Baggins: turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, Gorgonzola cheese crumbles, hand-cut fries. $9, starts tomorrow!
Nope. Loki struck me as a kid brother dressing up in big brother's clothes. Which, in a sense, he was.
The books are full of combat, but also refusal, and that's all I'll say.
Who wants to go to the FedEx Forum with me June 5th?
Another closer alert, Scott Downs goes down, LaTroy Hawkins ended up picking up save, didn't even know he was in Anaheim to be honest...
Betsy Sigman (#TLT fellow) describing how she used Google Plus with her students.
wen u find out let me know i dnt got school monday
Thanks for the follow Bill!
Here we are, at Art All Night! Freezing cold, but still awesome vibe.
"Teachers matter." You are awesome Obama.
It is personal. And when mean people do nasty underhanded things it is because they are mean people.
Its National Taco Day? I really need to be on Twitter more often.
I just watched them eat some delicious fish and it made me hungry.
SHOUT OUT TO MR. SHANE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU NOW
lol yeah poor Jon ):
I've been around a lot of ins lot of outs lot of what have yous.
Happy Mothers Day to wife Lisa, mom Joyce, daughter Sara, d.i.l.- Jamie,m.i.l. Patti & sis. Donna & Marqueta-great moms-we honor u today
One minute earlier I had the same thing on mind.
lmao ok then I accept
Apparently, Aubrey O'day looks like Cindy Lou who and lisa lampanelli is my wife :)
Don't talk to me. Don't talk to me. Don't talk to. *thinking*
ok wat is it
About 400 students will graduate at 3 p.m. tomorrow in Stritch's winter commencement ceremony at the US Cellular Arena. Congratulations!
Best hash tag ever!
LOVE, It doesn't last.. PEOPLE, They change fast.. LIFE, No matter what happens, it still moves on..
AWESOME!! :) <3 RT : i read about you in october's AP issue!
UP ALL NIGHT LIKE THIS ALL NIGHT
Just got done with cross country no meats this week yay it's so nice outside
Missouri BAEO testifying in support of HB 1228. Saying surrounding districts are begging for charter schools.
seeing via blackberry on all of your tweets makes it seem like somethings off? text me off your droid..oh wait...
Watching the Grammys makes me miss you and your bad ass voice! Seems like you've been hiding.
#May please be good to mee ♥
Remember only I can prevent forest fires
#dogperson all the way.
Matched with number 3 tonight!
lmfao sweetie you favorited mine too.
Starting tomorow I am going to act like Cat for one whole day!
Life is to short to worry about the past so close your eyes and clear your mind then get up and start new memories :)
i'm not gonna care when i get gray hair ;)
Cary Arts Center. It was the focal point in town when my grandmother went there for high school 100 yrs ago. Now it is again
Ahahahahahhahahahah <3 it's not my account to change anything on. I wish..
Wow yo kids gonna be ugly anyway if it looks like jayZ lmao
what did he do to u and analiese
Home Sweet Home...so happy to see my Bacca
Just got a beer handed to me from a stretch limo on the west side highway
Tonight I'm at and mixes on &
GB dominate first World Cup event
your soo weird.. U need more followers.
Why are Str8 college guys so easy to turn?? I mean, it's getting effortless. #TeamBi you're bigger than you let on!!
I'm followin' your boy now. I hope he's funny.
that picture of you cooking reminded me of & 's spanish skit! Hahaha.
are you nervous that Tramon was limited in practice today? any chance he re-injured the shoulder against CHI?
Spending all my words on the book. I arrive at Twitter with moths in my pocket. This book consumes me.
you can be whopping folks up in golden crust LOL
Jello, follow me back, I need to holla at U...
Wait Where Did Everyone Get This Summer Camp Information?
march madness wasn't the same without hearing you call games!
Thanks for the words of wisdom!
Collaboration and opinions are two of the top perks of working of an in-house creative dept. However, I do have to get dressed...
Thnxs for making me twitter:))
Your response to the stressful moments in life help shape your character.
If you were the greatest actor in the world, what would you do?
why o why is my whole body sore???
agreed agreed !
Dear Meet - Tim, meet Emily. You're Welcome. Sincerely,
Its a DOMINICAN INVASION this WEDNESDAY!!! NO COVER and CRAZY bottle specials!!
Happy Hour starts at 3pm and goes until 8. If you can beat it, eat it!
I don't find you annoying a definitely a big part of avon volleyball. luv u becks
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
#Walgreen's says "We will attempt to contact your doctor for authorization" but means "We'll tell them 1x & drop it."
i am loving me some #CyberMonday!!! i got $100 OFF a camera I wanted from #BestBuy!!!
We are delighted to do so!
RT : ronaldo...it's ok you are still hot as hell
I don't think these even count as seconds, I never really had a full plate of firsts!
And let's not forget, Happy Easter and ! God bless! xoxo
Just realized I passed 2000 tweets already. My 2000th tweet? "I want banana" -.-
When you affirm big, believe big, and pray big, big things happen.(big things popping, small things stopping)
World Kissing Day is July 6, people, not today.
“ I hate when ppl stare at me...boo bitch” Me Too Smdh
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE YESTERDAY -dead-
Valentine's Day is a week away! Make your reservations today - 415.5240!
I love it when people smile for their mugshots Lol..
Experiencing the worst day of my life. No, this is not an exaggeration.
Let's sKype.
Drink drank drinkk
its nto spam, its really a blog on bullying...
Almost like a comic version from a Lumiere Brothers movie...
Go go gadget Windows...Apple here we come!
I laugh at 2Chainz because he's one of the coldest and weakest niggas out right now.
This one is confusing. Subject: Germany Gets First Strike With Extra Inch. Msg: Hit a home run every night with your gigantic bat.
haha I will try I'll probably go cold today
Ok Raiders Gone 49ers Gone Whos your favorite now please don't say New England, We hava Manning in da house Good Luck!!
Shot Out to she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
Is it distracting to have it w/you in class/all the time? Do you actually search/re-read your notes? Do you take notes on readings?
I'm good!! What's new? How is NY? I miss it, I miss it! I can't wait to come home for the holidays!
I Can't Wait For The #SOLISTEN Music Video!!! He's Gunna Be Epic!
Stunned and saddened by Seau news. Just awful. Reportedly killed himself. I'm sure we will have complete coverage on
The ghetto bird is out.
They just follow you on Twitter!
I love twitter. Its a place where you can relate to complete strangers.<3
'tis an excellent Guinness cake that but didn't translate into cupcakes at last holiday party natch
you just never know :-)
Going to the strip today :D
Found the panera bread of ATL: corner bakery.
Privacy is official null and void.
I didn't; I had no friends, I felt awkwrd just going. but case be different w/ you. I'm sure it's gonna be kickass. where at?
Did you guys watch the #AllStarGame? I had my chip-eating face on all day.
come back!! We miss you!!!!
The Sir Speedy family wishes you the very best Holiday Weekend. Happy Fourth of July!
Let your scars remind you of where you have been, But don't let them dictate where you going!!!!
hi! Omgee its been so long monkey how are ya?
penn ur the bomb I laugh till I cry watching bullshit Wish u were running for prez we need a magician
BARELY avoided getting t-boned by a South Beach cop running a red light. I wonder who would've been found "at fault" in that police report?
"my dude"
:D|Yeah baby! #Thunder UP! #OKC (( )) was on Fire!~Lightening strikes! Boom~boom~boom~boom!=Looking 4 a sweep!
Is Facebook even worth investing?
Making French Vanilla cake...
Yeah , I gave up on that note .. (: i just couldn't get it right .
Finally our marriage makes sense!
I love you to
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!! stay classy...
Oh my god I'm in so much pain.
Boredom has set in.
writing is like death: you don't know where you're going and you have to go it alone.
Posting your sex life on Twitter. Lmfao, hoe.
4 days until the Lonestar Challenge ...
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you
lol. Wats up man! Where u been? DM me...
I think she has the Antoinette body?
Third, final Spkr: Chris Browne, manager Dulles Intl Apt
Is your name Maple Syrup? - Well, it damn well should be, you sap!
just had some of the best tacos in the world
Kobe Bryant = Player/Coach? Bill Russell won a title in that role. . .
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
MORNING ALL:))
oh snap ¡
Check out Seth and Ray on WTAE news at 5:55pm. They'll showcase Left Hand Clothing and our ties with traffic from the Pirates.
I'm fine... don't worry about me. Keep doing your thing... I'll talk to you later.
Auto Correct
tell me about it lol
Rick Siskey - Remember everything in life goes full circle.
my cousin just busted her but on my stair.
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. – Richard Branson
#TEAMBRENN retweet to reconize and slow down to see how precious life is.
Fix Him :S
Damn phone. That was supposed to be galaga.
"I Used To be A Used To"
Give me that cash when I get home and I'll hook you up brozay
Great e-publishing pannel with and Learned a lot.
research question possibilities are limited when they only involve high-level aggregated CMS data
pumpkin cream cheese enchiladas are amazing. Sounds weird; totally isn't.
Hawks and Bannisters
Tomorrow, my feature on Latin jazz master Paquito D'Rivera runs in the NY Daily News. Be on lookout!
I need to retake #GREs any secrets to share?
I guest I'm think Lil to hard
ugh yur almost in high school how is this possible & i have no clue how to get there lmfaaaaaaooo
Thinking About Going To These Graduations Tomrrow In My Home Town, But I Swear I Don't Wanna Drive...
Supply and Demand. Build a demand for the #6 market in the country to benefit from supplying consumers with all-day local
RT look who talking ««sir i dont wear wigs...you do tho..
did we just see you at Milwaukee airport?
I want that feeling again.
Followed You. expecting for a followback. :)
Accounting can be fun
It sucks how she acts so paranoid by it's such a big turn on :)
proud owner of a rolling pin. let the baking begin
I want to go out but so much work to do :(
that pic is ridiculous
Nashville is for real!
The park paid off again! Dude fucked me for over 20 min then blew a huge load in me.
Fold <-- Protein folding game. Big conf for it too. Dedicated community of amateur folders
HAHAHAHAHA That stripper rumor about you was 2 months ago! Jake&Brandon made it up LMFAOOOO! "JadenTheCandian" Was da name!
BABY COME BACK. lol no, just kidding.
Ever hear of a facial AND massage for $13? Check out our "Deal a Day" tonight at 5 & 10pm!
well, they already had interviews and hired a team, and they think they over-staffed. But I'll let you know if they didn't (:
so true... and why I do as well...
S/O to the homie for making cover of Ozone Mag
lmao no it still would be
Start thinking about your #wedding day who will be running your errands & tying up loose ends on the big day? Ask for help!
Happy Day!!! RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms!.....And to all the Men to whom that term applies.
One of my friends and I talked about the journey every day... And now shes about to graduate...
RT : 3 trials in the next 3 weeks. OneNote with note flags will be critical to keeping track of evidence, testimony, points ...
#Whotel #Hollywood booked for the next two weekends. Looking forward to taking advantage of the summer heat before my 3 week Asia trip.
Happy Mothers Day to all the twitter peeps :-)
Oh baby! This is the spring we've been looking for!
This is a brand new month with unlimited potential. Change your decisions and watch your future change right before your eyes
We have a new website 206backpain.com. Great information for one and all!
we've slowed down the rate of crawling to metafilter - it should gradually die down
Soften your eyes, your jaw and any other place in your body that you are tense
lol right but it's report card time
The Philadelphia Flyers made the short trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and skated away with a 4-2 win against the New York Rangers
omg so cute good days then.
Swimming with dolphins today, pretty excited!
Premio Lo Nuestro on my tv...live on Univision HD!
"Emotions are like waves. You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride"
Strikes me "creepy" is giving "terrifying" a run for its money as Most Effective Adjective on the Internet.
very true good lol well welcome to the road 
With running rampant I don't give a FUCK who we get!
Practice Was The Best Today (: I Feel Accomplished <3 I Can't Wait To Play The Rangers :D Lady Wildcat
I will let you know. Going to try it w\ DDBA spring team.
bo on not getting the invite!
i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time
Having only one stuffy nose -___-
DeadPro is currently on hiatus due to some pretty serious medical issues that much be taken care of.
following back hun! :)
Review us! You know you want to!
You guys are seriously screwing us by not letting people cross the street @ Washington & Senate. And u missed us on ur app.
Make sure to check out tonight! Great schedule, wish I could cut out of work to see it all! :(
imagine my trip...urs just two hrs
Merry Christmas! Lets focus on the importance of this time of year&forget the trials that we have taken on. What will another year bring?
Tonight's the last of the season. Head over to to celebrate with Martha Bayne!
My school are literally felt with drama, you can't even imagine how bad it is & I really don't wanna go tomorrow!
She's really pretty.
So just in case everyone is still mad/upset about Cody's album release, it IS coming out in August.
finally at Nordstrom!! looking for shoes to match my grad dress.
you're welcome! :)
Talking with all the ladies about how disappointed we are that Ryan Reynolds wasn't in Wolverine much and that he wasn't shirtless. Sigh
What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves
Glad to hear it!
Saying white skin is the mark of cain. I find that offensive.
love my #sheexs! Only problem--too comfy to get out of bed. Love love!
s/o to and the whole 78 west fam brought them down this weekend to do a interview with the nu new jersey heavy weights
Wanna get out of work so I can parlay for the night
Purchase your tickets for Pacifica Quartet presented by Friends of Chamber Music today! Student prices start at $16 for January 10-11.
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And by another job I meant a second one on top of my job at McAlister's. Duh.
Amen and
OH NO, you're only 99.9999% perfect now ;)
is hosting an #organic #wine tasting on #EarthDay at !
homey i didn't know u speak latin! is that white ppl talk 4 "serious bizniz" perchance?
I wish we used the metric system. We're so stubborn.
You know it girl!
hey girl! Follow me back on instagram :p
RT “Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. Mark Twain
Going to brooklyn sunday so.exicted yay
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe everywhere you go theres always some hoe that's known.
Obama on Why Michelle Was a Working Mom (at $316K Per Year): ‘We Didn't Have the Luxury for Her Not to Work’
we are done...raining a lot here kinda surprised we got our game in. I am anxious to work on some stuff at practice monday
good baby:) that makes me happy(:
that's okay I know you favorite me on the inside ;-)
Maybe with some other Swifties? haha
Let us help you build your business through referrals.
Let's hear your worst computer meltdown stories ... best story gets a FREE TECH SUPPORT SESSION!
I really don't have the heart to say no. Why did I even start this ? Wrong time, Wrong place situation.
thank you so much!!
someone requested for me to cover a song on youtube! :D ahh i feel so special! <3
Ohh, we're blushing! :) Thank you for the shout-out!
Talking with helium in your lungs is the greatest thing ever
we'll find out Sunday. First home game is either next Friday or Sunday.
Great concert by the April Verch band today in Long Grove!
what are your hours? I'll try my best to come see you!
HAPPY EASTER
believe me, I'm enjoying it . . .
Follow for everything GEEK-Chic!
When in Baltimore for a game, we counted O's gear on about six people vs. thousands of Sox fans. Daughter felt sorry for them
That would be AMAZING! Let's make this happen!!!
Lies, damn lies and Mitt Romney...
Got the Samsung Galaxy X for my London phone. Kind of weird not using an iphone anymore.
- nice to see "Monk" being carried as a gender neutral term in the modern day.
its all fixed! thanks for your help.
that place is great #jumbos with
I really like the two new songs!!! you are doing a great job, keep it up young gun
RT : it's full of weird shit... Folks are concerned with erying but making music Wha happened to the music??????
Heading back to from museum, helicopters abound.
RT : I just wanna be me! #Amen to that!!!
Crawford? RT SI_JonHeyman Going on "The Rundown" on from 3-5 w/ hazel/matt. Talking Bryce, Bubba and Big-Money Busts (so far)
The average corporate worker spends 40% or more of his/her day sending and receiving some 200 e-mail messages. [Source-SLA's execubooks]
Broxton leads the league in most finger nails bitten.
Love for coming down to DC for Cinco :)
Tuned the "eyes on hoes" switch off, Money switch back on.
TO'Reilly: Preservation is key: much of our creative output is only in digital form. How to do preservation in a distributed way?
Silver Beetles RT : Wait, did the Quarrymen have something to do with the Beatles?
So upset & frustrated. :(
B is closed currently, we are catering an event, but we'll be open for dinner!
MLB drug testing
These are things you have to consider when you're a tall person! :D
Mom and I are home to watch DWTS cause we recorded it. Lol
Can't hit that note in fool in love for shit!
T-RAW
lol, I'm so glad #Linsanity is reaching you across the ocean!!! And thanks for having me at #1! :D
Angry birds space, I have defeated you.!
it was our pleasure ! Hard to believe the next time we are all together again we'll be headed to Africa :)
The brogramming culture came about much like the wave of failed realtors turned into mediocre social media types -
The space shuttle just flew over my house!!!
Crown Hill is open from 8 am to 8 pm everyday. The 34th St. gate closes at 5 pm & the 38th St. gate closes at 8 pm.
We need your support call into your local radio station and request "Gettin Em"
You know you're old when you become a spokesperson for Buick.
Was she blonde, about 48?
ugh I'm all the way at jacksons have fun hitaaaa..
oh we'll goo do something productive lol
to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
tell her to get off the sink though..!
thanks Kayla! I like your vids too!
Missed more than 3/4ths of the show! I didn't see Justin AT ALL. I'll watch it another time .
Bring your Dbacks ticket stub in to receive a $10 discount on ATC "Red" performances May 3-9.
Sometimes there is a fine line between talking asian and talking like scooby doo #
btw im totally not waking up early tomorrow.
don't let it go to your head.
“: Just read Jacee Dugard's Memoir in 3 hrs...Wow extrodinary...”recently read too....how scary and sad.
Work in 30 minutes and I haven't even taken a shower yet
I'm in Arkansas now!
The Myth of Fingerprints
When that someone tells you they like you from out of no where 💜
#WeDontMissSelena is PATHETICC!!. Stop hating and get a life..
Playing tonight with and - a few tickets still avail at door- Doors 8:30-we take the stage at 9:30!
Won't be able to say in 24 hrs: "what a beautiful Spring morning it is." Dislike
This is on my bucket list! RT A Visit to the Alhambra Palace in Granada, Spain in Photos
Somewhere just did a happy dance
Well you just need to fall off the earth and die...
I WILL IF YOU STOP PLAYING GAMES -.- this Saturday? Maybe.
A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord.
Wanna fix this mess we've made? Lets get to it before I get real impatient and find someone else.
SORRY about my horrible skills in returning tweets... How does your week look next week?
I'd get a rinse instead of a red fire truck red, I've been thinking about it for like 3 weeks now. Getting harder and harder ...
umm we can change that we can be friends
When u putting Bobs on Winning Circle?????
we're ready to listen(:
#NewYorklockeroomplaylist #PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist Empire State of Mind PROUD NEW YORKER RIGHT HERE
All my cousins have dreads now lol
Who wants to go to sadies with me?????
#mmauncensored King Mo is a fake MMA fighter so it fits that he is joining TNA WRESTLING
Hahah never gets old
nice job tonight boys! making avon proud!
What do YOU guys think we need to improve on? Any aspect of being a band. Shoot! Let's get interactive!
Scientists have found more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
You have a Brilliant voice! All the Best to You for the Future! GOD BLESS! :)
hey there love. Im doing great now that i've got some bieber in my life- #someday and
Blimey, that curry was smashing. Authentic Indian korma...direct from the UK.. ha! Thanks
this was 's ask in Nov. we've done a fair amount of corporate mtgs. I think stokes sees an opportunity
Truly an honor. On par with winning an Oscar.
speaking of food where are you going to be this weekend?
Looking forward to it! RT : It's official! Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble will be here at UWSP in October!
Getting ready to get my workout on!
Moderating a tweet war between & Prepare to be punned.
RT : Half price bottles of wine every Wed. with the purchase of 3 small plates.
Interview w/Superintendent Garry Mccarthy w/CPD ahead at 8:30- what he has to say to families that have lost a loved 1 in the line of duty.
RT : is a proud supporter of International Year of Sustainable Energy for All!
I got ID at wild wings cuz I asked for a Coca cola.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. — Henri Bergson
#ff feeling good
I will create a new pokemon named tisto and it will have a twin named Ashley they will basically be impossible to catch and rarely loses.
Baconacalypse Now: A dark journey upriver to a renegade pig processing plant run by an insane Col. Jimmy Dean.
Watching old people get slammed
was it not really unsettling??
Hearing "What a Feeling" from Flashdance on #Glee reminds me that as a kid, I thought it was "take your pants off" not "take your passion"
It has been quite a while... I hope all is well. :)
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of exhibitions, talks, free workshops and more!
Learned something today - the definition of a SOFFIT (basically the underbelly of a roof, arch, staircase, etc.) Who knew!
"you can't spell TEARS without ART" really, Bravo? Really??
RT Here's to all the cules who are sitting worldwide, crying their eyes out over the most amazing coach ever.
People that favor one of the Boyz and hate the other ones seriously bother me.
not even a stationary bike this summer??
Big Day for NBA Labor Talks Today. I don't see why they can't settle the BRI at 51% and just get this season going!
Loving Cant stop by now playing on radio1045 , lol by the way aced the gig!
There is a difference between rules and Mandates, I can choose my own health care and light bulbs
Dance lightly with life.
: I'm back online after a month of being idle. Just though you should know.
I hope he is okay. He seems upset :/
Darn proud to be a Stars fan tonight--Great season--remember Isaiah 40:31 We shall rise like eagles
Community Leadership Awards. Congrats to Koshland Scholar Daynelita from ES School - Metro. We are so proud!
oh man was that an amazing show. Best show I've seen since I saw them the last time they were here in 2004.
GORGEOUS IM RIGHT HERE!
Work at home Business Expo, So. Cal location - June 4th - will be featured speaker - come learn how to be your own boss by working at home!
there were 12 congressman who switched parties
l have no idea why..
I've decided I am not going to go to Florida for a week over the summer.
RT : where we get those shirts at ??? ... we are pre-selling them online and at @ QBS graphics now till Next Sat..
soccer! Our team got the muddy field while the boys had the nice dry side -_-
When you forget to press send and wonder why they haven't texted you back <<<
Cali swag district just turnt this place out y'all
I always wanted a little sister or being an only child
Love the banter between sweets and booth at the diner on
wow so pretty! Congratulations!
Rain ... Calm weather for me
Swing by SFR's table today at orientation for info. on becoming a DJ & free merch!!
Our newest version of a Black IPA is now on tap at the brewpub! Come by, give it a try, and let us know what you think.
hey where u from?
Leave it to twitter to piss me off. Some of these people. -_-
Everyone do an #Imagine of either Austin or Justin(:
I have three! One for work, one for play, and one for church.
you got it dude!
Got My MagaMillions tickets. half a billion. Good Vibes
whoohooo! I requested to advertise
Thanks to & Battle for the warm welcome this week :)
What's a turbo coke?
Rubric star great rubric bldg resource #nercomp11 at udl session
After sleeping in the woods, I can't wait to take a shower and check for tics lol
Finding Nemo. Again.
To people in movies: If the first stair you step on creaks, the next stair definitely won't fall through & leave you trapped in the basement
date night of Real Chili and bronze Fonz bringing them in from Chi Town!
Yea, I got out a year early, so it's funny.
Who likes album cover #1 idea??
Love to make pesto w/ scapes. Flavor is more delicate than regular garlic. Also great sauteed for scrambled eggs
he knows. And I am steffieeeeeeee
Being stuck on a bus for hours & in need of restroom is a fear of mine, hence I drive. Also, SO cold waiting outside for bus :(
thx for the follow bck bbe :)how r u?
oh sorry vegan lol
Today is great because u are.
ive heard it
omg going to kill my dad and bill! like a constant party at my house lately.
Waited for #comast for 3 hrs...then called and they said they messed up the date. Now we have to resch AND they won't waive the service fee!
Nice blog! I'll subscribe to your posts....
Just figured it out. Bryce Harper plays real MLB baseball like everyone plays
What up doe G ball..?
Thanks for the tweet!!
‎''The best present I received on Christmas Sunday was _____________.''
Thanks RT: FundraiserDan: Hi Derrick! Thanks so much for connecting with me here.
they're so good. The last one's coming out soon and I'm gonna cry
I'll check it out!
Ok, thanks. Do you have other progressions from this? I saw 1 boy holding a 1-arm plank (wrap around toss). Anything else?
I have a question.. Who's awake?😉
Love isnt easy.
I do the same from time to time. It makes me feel good to just hear her voice and then I can go back to my writing table.
I see what you did there.
my dad LOVES his 2tb. Its so cool
so if it's ok with you ...can I have a Skype date with my favorite cousin 😍 preferably today
thats wat im talkn bout gmen leave it to the puerto rican to make a play like that hahaa
Glad im back in the house tho. Mfers act like they don't know how to drive on these occassions!
"My son has lives in a world without Must-See TV" —Mike Schneider, TV Guide
Good. I'm not the only one! Sweet avatar, by the way.
Isaiah 9:6 And to us a Child is born... We shall call him Wonderful Counselor, Almighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 69
I had so much fun with you on Ustream last night, so long! I can't wait to Skype soon! Love you tons!
Are j.lo and pitbul trying to trick us with this #iwannadanceagain song?
My parents made it tA the Dirty!!! Good night!!
Hazy Cover Coming tonight!!!! Featuring the amazing and beautiful Audrey Peterson!!!
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
Hope it Don't take forever for my avi to change
Any great leader will see herself/himself as a servant of that group & will act accordingly. Servant leadership...
Hunter Pence is about perfect for this town.
Back to life.
CAN I VOTE???? #PickMe RT : Is there anyone who likes that HORRID core video?
Surrender surrender surrender only
And Lance Ball!!! RT : But what does this mean for Xavier Omon???????
I love purple lets get stylish this christmas
#ThingsIAintGonnaMiss: The asinine ambiguity of this: I want to move the 11 am mtg to market and eliminate some of the attendees.
I loved it - had its flaws but more dramatic than S1 and very fast-paced. The finale is insanely good. You're in for a treat!
#MLB Just checked the American League Standings...Baltimore Orioles are 27 games back from the Yankees. And its just the halfway point.
We only need 5 more followers for 500 :-O
We are tied in a single garment of destiny.Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.
hahahaaa I really did!
CFA finds credit is proxy for income, limiting access to insurance for poor, raising rate of uninsured. Bad for all insureds.
why do you hate me?):
I blame for all the deaths on television shows after LOST.
Made it here on time!! Awesome literature AND my fav lasagna?!
sup girl u hit me when I was @ church
were you at the show last night?
I'm good. What are you up to this evening?
Thank you so much to everyone for the shout outs and support today, I truly appreciate it and feel so blessed, what a GREAT day
I think Sibel Edmunds is a woman of profound courage and truth. A whistleblower on our own National Security.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human combats and natural boundaries can't be eradicated.
Hope it was worth it
that's what I'm doing for my group!
Here we go with the shade!
new drummer! new songs under construction! this time for sure.
First SRC workout of the year...oh what a day.
Bout ta close ma circle f**k azz Nigga
Start shaving back on those nasty empty calories by replacing soft drinks with sparkling water
Go CATS!
RT : Dude, Where's My
Had a strange day at school my math teacher had her baby and my math sub was hitting on xD he was scary
Wu Tang and Magic Cards.
Dude, you should probably follow All food + alcohol recipes (including our good friend, car bomb cupcakes) :)
My twitter comments are like an XM Radio station without the annoying music. And without humor.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!! YOLO!
Last days for golden fried asparagus spears
I'm such a flake :/
I think the Pacers can win the 1st round
Andrew Paynter. Lives in SF. Amazing guy, amazing photographer....
My stomach is meowing.
are you free tomorrow?
Right? Yikes bro.
Justin's perfume = Someday. Selena's perfume = One Day. Cody's perfume = Everyday. WTF next!? Rebecca's perfume = Friday. LOL!
Thank You everybody. This season was #AMASIN and we are all the greatest fans.
I hate lies, I hate the people who lie, and I hate that you believe them.
Up way too early just to go play a golf tournament. Smh at least i don't have to go to school today
Sorry, Tom...even with Favre-gate the last couple seasons....Da Bears are still the most despised team in this house
Tammy is definitely running for Senate.
I hate them too urgh
Back at the workstead.
Good food at SFSU and a cute girl taking orders? Yes please. Check out the food truck by Thornton hall before 2 pm.
hahahah I told you he should have spray painted shit !
Today is the day to honor and remember all U.S Presidents. Happy President’s Day!
Time Out New York says of "The vibe is part football-game halftime slot, part sweaty punk show." Tonight at Joe's Pub, New York
Why do the baseball gods hate the Pittsburgh Pirates?
#WeWontWorkIf you take me for granted.
that'll teach her for choosing FA cup final day
As soon as some things get better, others get so much worse… I think it must be a law of nature… It's the only reasonable explanation...
vCard support is back up! Thanks for your patience!
RT : "I encourage you get behind & together we will retake this nation!" -Rafael Cruz
blocking the Brooklyn Bridge, evidently. And ruining my former lunch park.
Yep, I should. Can u message me it again just in case? I'll send them asap. And If anything, can I send them to you tonight?
it's really2 bored
Paper Tiger TV's archive to be housed at NYU Bobst's Fales Center. Major win!
are either of you at #bigomaha? Would love to meet the team at one of the breaks today.
10 minutes to my first #1k1hr of the day. Gonna make sure there's enough coffee. See you on the other side!
holy crap. Deepak Chopra has an Xbox game...I need to meditate on this.
Thanks again for all the support everyone!
the flying isn't even that bad puss. They give you tons of free movies to watch!
Rinsed Penis. I love it. Hoping he's charged eventually. Also, thx for caring so much abt Wisconsin! You & rock :)
thanks for the continued musical support! You folks are the best!
Happy #MkeDay! What a gorgeous day in the 414 on 4/14
When Indians go away they don't come back.
he's gonna have to wait til the end of the week. I got it on my watchlist.
Tag Hollow comes out in a week or so!
sorry to hear the news. will you get another of the same or something different?
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke.
Please do not do that!
saw episodes of "The Rifleman recently, and came to the conclusian that Lucas McCain may have been television's greatest serial killer.
I swear I just saw on
Yo, , can you make me a grilled cheese?
I did not know that, but man it all makes sense now.
damn shits gonna go down lol.
Barrington , Illinois! We are performing at the Penny Road Pub tonight! Doors at 5!
Tebow as a jet I can handle
That's now amusing that the doors closed but not so much if I got a ticket. I hate being retarded and gimpy all at the same time.
“: I'm overdue for some SOAD.”. SOAD rocks!
Still a huge fan of jets leaving trails in the sky
thank you!
Parent or teacher? Youth Compet. 4 catag.Sculpture, Paint, Photo & Drawing/Mixed Media.ALL summer to work on most fantastic piece ever!!!
what happened?
my view is this should be more a referendum on men and idea of black nuclear family rather than single black women
hehehehehe ;) i'll save some for ya ;D
"What could go wrong in the country"...obviously you never watched any horror movies...ever...
Now booking for Friday, Saturday and Sunday after Thanksgiving!!! Check out my special $85. an hour reading! Nov.22-28th www.Askamedium.com
Woot woot!!! Headed to Keeneland to play some music with the one and only and =)
hm smackdown was pretty good. i want y2j in the match for "judgement day "
Thanks! We had so much fun playing for you guys. The second time is always less awkward so we're looking forward to that
all things coming together good things brewing
Who first introduced you to Marukan Vinegar? (We'd like to thank them.)
why the changes in parking?
My pleasure! Keep up the good work :-)
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I sent email. Need reply today. Text me or email. Thanks!
Just because I don't talk to you it doesn't mean I still don't think about you. I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
you only pay if we reach our goal. Pressure.
Ron Artest is a complete idiot.
What is it called?
Why do I have to go to work ? When I'm extremely sick and I really don't wanna deal with customers >_<
The Pride of Cleveland RT Find the good. It's all around you. Find it, showcase it & you'll start believing in it-Jesse Owens
thanks grace!
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying. Unknown
uh, i hate Advertisements !
I'll pray you don't get caught.
well look who it is
RT Curl up with your pillows and your blankie. Close your eyes and dream so soft and hazy. –Pooh
OMG that was awesome! Nice win... WOW! Awesome WIn big FAN.
Have you ever tried Gonesh Extra Rich Ocean?? It's so real it'll throw sand in your face. Ok that sounds terrible, but really.. try...
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
Have fun! We miss you... and your dance moves to 90's on 9. Salt and Pepa just won't be the same.
Maurice! Thank you! We're coming to Holland and crashing on your couch! Meet me on that bridge, over the canal!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Hoping my family and friends on the east coast stay safe and dry this weekend. Go away, Irene, you're not welcome here.
which Mac?
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that... the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied..."
Why the hell chicks so thirsty?!?!
Do you have the scoop on New Year's Eve specials in our 'hood?? Thanks!
Would it be wrong to tap my brake lights just long enough to smear the mascara being applied by the driver behind me?
Dismayed to find, while proofreading a book chapter, that Word accepts "acquisitons" as a correct spelling.
Night twitterworld. Off 2morrow so ill talk 2 yall when i wake up :-)
Bumping Turn Up The Music on the bus, in a good ass mood!
Really? I like that.
same music?
yea thats who I mean
Getting ready for an amazing NYE at the ! It's going to be a wild night!
If I were a dance, I think I'd be the "twist". What dance would you be?
I hate being in a relationship especially at my school because people get all up in your fucking business.. legit
LMAO!! Of coarse
Does your friend live in the 80s?
Good evening beautiful people! How healthy was your day?
I love new technology, even though it feels like I am up to my waist in a sticky mud...
WOW...that's generous of you! :)
Great plank, by the way.
Goodluck tomorrow man!
LeBron and Dirk today is very similar to Jordan vs Bird in about 1988 except Dirk was more of a late bloomer. All 4 #NBA greats
You're very welcome Amy. I think it's a terrific project on & I'm enjoying it a lot.
we have a close one in Dakota! all tied at 83 w/ 2:19 left in the final period.. Byars to shoot 2 FT's after the timeout
Old country buffet sunday afternoon!?
Thanks for following but FYI you won't find much home repair news here
One in ten children born in New Mexico has a developmental risk, delay or disability. (NM Department of Health)
To all the Teachers & Families at Hamilton Elementary School.Dave & I wish you a great new year.Pop in, mention this tweet for free Scooters
One last thing ....
That's awesome Brad! I think they got it right!
I hate repeating myself to people. like stfu and listen.
We interviewed second & last candidate for Spanish. She wasn't Abe!
it looks good! Been hearing a lot of great things.
Why we do these ODH institutes. MT : thanks for funding UCLA #HumNets & UNCC #CompSim. Best experiences of my academic life.
:) Thanks, boo.
gotta love being in college. too bad im also going broke :(
Yoo. Im right in front of a tattoo // body piercing place. I would totally get my belly pierced ^_<
Google Base. Wow. (How did I not see this sooner?!)
i think my hands are actually shaking since i am going to coachella!
as an international educational researcher it helps to have a list of international education organizations for news and info
GM time to shower n go make diz money
Who wins this week's British Open? Budding star Rory Mcllroy, World's #1 Luke Donald, Former #1 Phil Mickleson all eying major victory!
I know! I'm look... Um k she named about 3 haha. &Dude I'm like an hour away from Skokie, I hope this works out & we all go!
Hawk cracks me up
I hope you are not kidding
