What do you think about her being Martha kent? She's way to hot to be Kal Els mom!!
not uh
Been offline for a while..thanks for updates.
What's your favorite camera? Mine doesn't accept calls when I'm shooting or distract me from the decisive moment. Focus on best tool for job
Are you offering HA HA
Thinking about planting in the garden...too soon for peas?
I asked a "Gen C" person today if they were on LinkedIn and they said "What's that?" Selective connectivity...
wtf u got burnouts or sum like u got a new number again? Lol
So, is making fun of me b/c sports media pros are using tweetdeck, not hootsuite, my platform of choice.
phone conversations w & Don >
Our apologies to any one who got a DM from us that was spam. We got hacked! Changed the PW should solve the problem!
That moment when you get 2 large drinks at Starbucks for 5 dollars lol that's less then only 1 would be in a regular day #LikeABoss >:D!
we are "Making it Happen" meeting with band number 2 this week
oh you most definitely will. shits gonna be on and poppin in the stopper house this weekend
New Study - indicates that search plays a dominant role at the beginning of the purchase process to establish a consumer’s consideration set
love you so much! 😘 “: Today was not a good day. The only thing good about it was seeing ☺ highlight of the day.”
we were so excited to have you guys back too. You both add a lot to the group.
I signed up for 2 #jhudc virtual audience visits even though they're early in my time zone. :) Looking forward to it!
At BIG BEAR wit my Cuzzo turnt up !!!! Had a awesome day snowboarding !!
Ready for this 3 day weekend
I want to run. I want to run. Dammit I want to run. (Now chaining my whiny to a chair).
I told my grandmother that I love her. Her response was "What"! Really grandma, that's how you feel..lol :)
RT : Social media & government discussion @ #smbmsp45. Back @ the fab Coffee + bagels + the smell of bacon. Morning!
Blu & Exile-Dancing In the Rain
Happy B-day to everyone who has birthday today!!!!!!
thanks for the follow be sure to checkout the talent I represent for & the clothing line
are you in Cali now?
RT : POP/MHMD CD droppin soon WE Need Pittsburgh support
Looking forward to my afternoon #RedBull. It will give me wings
sometimes, while I'm sitting alone & writing up my mothering research, I'm painfully aware of what I give up to give this my full attention.
The best thing about being rejected for a part in a play or movie has to be the waiting for a phone call or e-mail that never comes.
Why would a movie theater show ads for TV shows?
God gave me a baby toe so I could find the coffee table in the dark.
hey it's my best friend 's birthday on Friday and she is literally your biggest fan. This girl means(cont.)
Thank you.
Hope u joined Mr.Thunder&others 4 da 10th annual MLK walk starting:00PM on 96th&Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbs&do something useful
Wow, the new website is rough. Looks like the bad product of compromise.
:) Aww so sweet of you! :) Thanks lovely.
yeah, it is 63!
Lmfao at phone call " dog I live her I wanna marry her spoil her ill even cheat on her" lmfao :,)
been a while (Palm launch event w/IAVA). Hope all is well, keep up the great work!
The day you learn how to text will be the day I text you first lol.
yeah team!! Come on in we are Poppin right now
Favorite book? Mine is Galapagos.
she wouldn't be referring to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ? That's a great show :-)
yay! :D and check your DM!
your tweets are so interesting! Thanks for following! :)
scared of what?
Not a bad idea, if it works.RT : Things weren't going Hank's way tonight. His solution? Cry out, "Vaaaaal"
;) love you both! Always & Forever <3
My phone just tried to autocorrect "whiny" to "Whitney"
Ready to start playing poker for the day after I call Dell on my shipment for Christmas. It better be in a UPS truck. Dell Service sucks
I'm a deep person, mind body and soul.. Tell EM
As long as it's not Luke Messer's campaign then have at it... this debt deal shows how important these races are to America!
I would like to add you on LinkedIn we do not share the same groups :OP
I visit NYC for the first time in one week! Anything I must see, besides the obvious?
Don't worry #IfYouAreSingle on Valentines Day.Here are 4 great books from bestselling #Sexologists and #Love Gurus for .99 each!...
So grateful for my good health today. I LOVE my guts :D
We are glad to see that you are coming to #cable12, but our call for speakers closed earlier this year. Please apply next year!
iN YUBA CITY w MRLN & the KiDs, @ a FieSta!! b0Ut tO eAt s0mE GUAM f00d...!!
My though 2. Limiting. RT : or, to that end, why make a single user interaction on the largest screen possible?
Absolutely! RT : this morning - in Chicago- Life is GOOD!
You are my life, i cant let you go...
Life flows from God, it flows from God -Charlie Hall-
Just followed you back Justin
#IfIDieTomorrow I wouldn't give a care in the world.. I actually would be a lot happier if I were dead right about now😒
Lunch with good friend = good Saturday.
Certainly thats yr call-but I have found it futile-dissent is not in their DNA-marginalizing dissenters is
I'm gonna miss PLL :/
Cool! I talked to him at TEDMED this year, and know one of his employees, a ND girl! Hope to meet you someday.
well I got a good enough score on my ACT that I can possibly get a huge scholarship!
You’re very, very welcome, Jen :-)
The food channel has great tips for delicious and easy meals. ~~~~~ Bobby Flay
[promagentotuts.com] Free Magento Theme: Absolute
LETS TREND SOMETHING!!! :D
That's so cool! We'd love to see a video!
Can't believe Raising Arizona is 25 years old!?! The movie is a masterpiece... Well it ain't Ozzie and Harriet!
Bubby is Sitting up.
Hey. Thanks for following :D I got my haircut today and the lady cutting my hair was hitting on me :/
whats up man
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" it's phishing spam. Don't sign in to twitter not real!
what you get for me?
Happy Georgetown Day 2011!
Billie Holiday singing But Beautiful...every time.
wow so you can even be here for me as a bestfriend .
sure. can you have her send us the issue to
still doing euro…
Are you in Sephora?
I miss you need to come see me
Am I the only one that eats depending on my mood and not when I'm actually hungry ?
See what we now know is nothing compared To the love that was shown when our lives were spared and tell him
FEIN FOR THE STUDIO
6C: HIT THE GROUND; OUR BIRDS; RADICAL DISCIPLINE; SNOWED UNDER; MAKING BIG PLANS
well, it was a Norwegian that named it. But it was more of a joke about the PR names than anything else.
U got it!
what up ?
A brand is a mental picture your product paints to it's consumers.
I barely trust anyone, especially girls.
NO. I'm regretting things. I think I like someone more... :/
If you're starting a new religion, you should pick a logo that will work as the I in Coexist. Big opportunity for brand penetration there.
Got a bunch of new music ready for tonight, mostly courtesy of
Be passionate about your work. Embrass it and it will give you great rewards! I love boats & helping people. MarineMax gets you on the water
Bo Ryan joins Mike and Mike right now to discuss the Uthoff transfer.
sutup becky i was just trying to be your friend.
I like afternoon shifts
alright Carson!!!
Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!
The Rockets gave up 34 pts to a team who've been accused of tanking. Not impressive at all.
hey...........looks like we're gunna be playing summer ball together again....... :)))))
McCarthy : 'among 31 "developed" countries, US ranks 27th in welfare of/future investment in children.' 27th.
LOL in your own little world
no better reason to invest in silly straws
So, when's Jonny Craig out of the slammer?
The future freaks me out. What if I told you Quietdrive opened the show?
I'm walking to class and see a $20 on the ground... this just turned into a lucky day. fuck yeah. first time i've found money.....ever.
Don't judge people before you truly know them. The truth might surprise you.
lol! Have fun u playing on Monday?
Why is your favorite color? Why?
Never been to Howl at the Moon but it is real close to my office. Maybe I'll go at lunch.
Come down to Florida and I will take care of you c:
Hopefully will finish up the outline for my book chapter on network infrastructure today. Due Sept 1 with first full draft due Sept 15.
Thanks for the RT, Bryan! Hope you're doing well!
Thrilled at the glowing review from Jane Horwitz - FIVE LITTLE MONKEYS (Starring Valerie Leonard) is a riot at Adventure Theatre MTC. http…
Enjoying the gorgeous LA weather! Then hittin Staples Center later for PAC-12 and watch CU win!
Been thinking about Sara and her family today. Memories that will last a lifetime.
yess we on da same page man
Don't mess with someone else's feelings just because you're unsure of your own.
AW! That's sweet, thanks. :-)
Boom goes the dynamite!!! Who's ready for the biggest party of the year?!?! New Years Eve 2k12
Derek Jeter passes Dave Winfield on All-time hits list. Gives you some perspective on how good Jeter is.
Having the mother of all sinus headaches.
yes. I've stopped reading most linked in groups because they are mostly peeps posting links to their blog posts.
what about that song Climaxed
My mission in life in this moment (and every moment!) is to stay connected to Love, all that love is.... everything else follows....
MOVEMBER KICKOFF HAPPY HOUR November 4th at - details coming next week!
Awesome. Someone scored. That means more commercials.
continue to grow and be wise.
I'm so happy that btr won !!
*HOME ALONE* hm I hope the neighbors like THIS SONG
": Money from strangers is one bad ass show."
The emotions to describe the very last finale of #DesperateHousewives, I dont think I can put words to it.. happy, sad, brilliant..
agreed. That's do annoying!!
's Laura Faer to city council: #students need support not tickets
...decisions are so much harder when they effect more than just you
any status update on
Are you serious?
Best tattoo advice you've gotten:
What kind of action can we bet that he doesnt take it down? Lol
When you walk in the strip club the first thing you should see is ass on top of ass walking around ..
You clearly fined tuned your technique... never saw anybody successfully bullrush you, even at the highest level
WMYB on the radio:)
I love T-Shirts *point to my 'Plays With My Prey' Tee. It's all in how you fill it out really.
i know my mom is mean
It's almost May, for crying out loud. How can it be 36 degrees?!!! I didn't even cycle in temps this cold all winter.
Looking forward to having you & Mom visit us & ! Please let us know if you have any ?s
Historic Preservation community: do we have any agreed upon hash tag? do you have any thoughts? #preservation seems to long.
Is the Krispy Kreme light on?
once we go public, we can provide the tools.
Time for relax!!
one day i’ll be what you want, but you won’t be what i need.
Definitely not. He'll get a chuckle out of it, no doubt.
ian i know you and your crew will kill it tonight love you!!!!!1
so will i get trick-or-treaters at my place in grandview? ...guess i might need to grab some candy.
Motivational Video - Overcoming Adversity
I'm about to stop worrying about them, they, y'all, he, his, her, she, and start worrying about me.
The Show Before The Show right now on The Lake. Getting you set for the #Springsteen show tonight with all Bruce until 7:30.
Heading back home, need to rest up for Otsego Rev Tour this weekend. Back to work for sure though.
buy our plane tickets?!?! please ;)
"Weird and random" is pretty much my mission statement.
That's me..
ahahahaa i need to heard that!!!!!!
Barely time for tweets this week -busy w/ new summer cohorts library research classes -meeting/workshop on iPads in edu on main campus today
thank you!
So tired hope I don't fall asleep at the wheel... Again.
vegetable gardening tips
well I've spent a very long time on that first draft and those first chapters are from many years ago!
Why did desperate housewives end with another mystery...a woman moving to town with a secret lockbox...she was about 8 years too late!
Oh, we all saw it coming. You just got there first. :)
Old Eminem :) ❤
You should follow me, so you know who I am when I'm sitting beside you and your wife at the Grammy's in the future;P
Mitzie is sick again. Got stronger antibios but I'm not home and she wouldn't take it from my friend. Crap.
School tomorrow. Ugh.
Hilarity: kids tweeting out against their assigned reading at #worstbookever ,Huck Finn, To Kill a Mockingbird, Romeo&Juliet among top hated
Thank you Irene!
Thanks! Did you like the JoePa game? email your information to and lets talk.
EXCELLENT! I got to thinking about what the Soviets used to call these folks, "useful idiots".
This is funny asL
Goal DC, 3-1 for Galaxy though.
We will be having live updates from practice @ 8p cst. See you then!!!
Ok, shree from atlanta house wives was fired yesterday, wow
What's up Cee-Lo this is James Eichelberger. Holla Back!!!
that sounds awesome
YAY. Hyper bailey is the best bailey
Its sad to see people's interest decrease when you mention God.
hook LIFE apps. Like a hook app that allows him to open coffee creamer.
He was partly about to kill me I was partly about kill him because he was partly about to kill me Tmacc v
On my 6-handed fixed limit table is the fish Stephan Kjerstad and the superstar Thor Hansen.
*CONTEST TIME- Tell us what you want for Christmas this year, everyone who answers is entered to win a FREE Appetizer at the Club!
LOL in class I write down random thoughts so thatI can tweet them later.
Had a great Christmas with my honey and his mom. Came home to make sure the house was still standing. Santa brought "The Sunshine Boys!!!"
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Not sure if I should stay in a job that offers stability or venture into the unknow and do what I am mosst passionate about? Any ideas? :)
Would love to have drinks on the east side tonight anyone in?
Gonna get ready for school ~.~
Yeah I must have at least 1000 videos that I "favorited" to watch later
: Finished the #ShamrockShuffle in 50:03 not bad for 1st timer, no more alcohol/smoking for next one & will actually train haha
We don't care what people say we no the truth
If you trying to get it there's some work to come with it.....
Goin to drive n see if i find the 4s. If i dont, no biggie
should I look or not look?
My current literary selection: This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All.
The sun is out and snowflakes are falling from the sky...WTF is going on?
I wonder how many times #Santorum touched up his ashes....
unless ur a woman please keep atleast half ur clothes on
We're honored to have , the 's + Amb to as our Keynote Speaker this morning
You bet. I'm also at
Great job ! One of Energy Advocates just got a glowing review from a homeowner who went through our program www.smartenergypays.com
I don't know why destiny allowed people to meet, when there's no way for them to be together.
it's only 1:17 but ok Have a nice day at work
haha i figured!
you are so lucky to have met them! I'm so jealous!! :)
If u intentionally hurt a guy you should be out for how ever many games they are out + 2 “ 3 game ban seems light for Marquez.”
. just voted against an amendment to exempt #Veterans living in veterans homes from photo ID restrictions.
I can't even sleep.
Just Say Yes. Snow Patrol. Latest obsession. Digging the slight disco beat.
hi lovey. float, float on...float on, float on... serious amount of rain!! are you washed out?? x
I,am glad to meet you Alaina.Larry at bestbylinc
Character is a by-product; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty. – Woodrow Wilson
I don't think so these days. Information is easily available. 10 years ago, I might have agreed. Not today.
I demand your responsibility <3
Very excited to have you on board! Get ready to work hard and laugh heartily! And those NJ kids have NOTHING on us! :)
Did I just buy $50 of scented facial cream and dark circle remover?
ok thats cool. Always looking to work with new directors.
father and sons r so cool together
going to my first field trip in two years tommorow!
listening to pet sounds while getting a filling, vaporizers instead of nitrous oxide?
great running playlist, cut :10 off my mile with some Debra Harry/Moby... do you love when I take you up there?
No Excuse Wednesday tomorrow.... What's your excuse? Free food, cash giveaway, tutors, rides, & more!
Coffee break with the arcade fire. <3 Saturdays
lucky guys!
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything. The work day is going to rock!
Parable of the scorpion and the toad.
Finally got an invite to Google+ this week!
(Though I do think he's being bullied by the investor. However, any other employee would be let go, too.)
it FINALLY snowed today:)
Thanks for jinxing me!
thank you!! <333
When a man loves a bottom
I love Zippy's
great talk. I want a DVS clipster so bad now...
You're very welcome :)
Been feeling tired both mental and physical so cutting workout down to half sets and more days rest for next week to let my body repair.
Who's checking out #LAin Transmission ? Curated by none other than D from the Beastie Boys
Can't help but be a little bit surprised that traded down, but not worried.
#DearOOMF Remember a soft answer turneth away strife.
Well I think I'm gonna go to bed now. Good night beautiful. & you better finish that paper of yours. lolol
Guilty as charged! I've never felt so special....!!! Evidently threatening to unfollow people makes them charitable... ; )
Dang Draper. Dang.
I really, really dislike this place as a conference venue. Really.
Scanner Monitor: Iliff and Buckley Injury Accident.
look who got outta jersey!
free work? little confused. :) why the involvement w/ professional orgs?
in a good way<333
LIFE.No matter what keep your head up and stay in high gear.Don't let know one get in your way.Show no fear.Life Goes On.Have a good weekend
about to watch "fireflies in the garden", hope is good...
There are some things we have not "tapped into"
Truth: venti green tea at Starbucks in the afternoon can keep you up late, unless you request just one tea bag.
Calmly broach subject of pay gap - Vancouver Sun
Awesome! I took the leap a couple months ago, and I'm actually completely vegan now!
Black, and lay off the Cigars for a week....
i will say that the city song is quite the catchy one.
I'm glad there's not many motherfucking pictures of Liam and Danielle they need their mother fucking privacy and go them for gettin it in
Indomitable Eli Pariser giving #filterbubble presentation #activateNYC12, impt. issues. See also Different Feather in Knight
Snow on my car this morning!!
FireSign customers, we are experiencing an unexpected disruption in our hosting service. Please stand by.
Hows Everyone doing out There tonight... :)
If You Think Most Games are Dumb, You&#39;re Playing Them Wrong
My boyfriend's father lived on this beer in NH....
Funkasaurus!!! BEST THING EVER!!!!!
I’m alone. I just made a weird face for no reason because I thought it would amuse me. Now I feel more alone. I’m kind of disgusted with me.
oh trust me I am hah
4 Month Advance Notice: That Casey Anthony Halloween 2011 costume is a dumb idea. If you're googling a pink tuxedo shirt, please stop now.
is so beautiful one day if only one day :)
RT : Stanford AD Bob Bowlsby told his staff he's gone.
To get people to sign up to your list Show them you are credible and professional by providing them good, solid knowledge.
Let's get it then.
when me and my friends meet up 85% of the time is playing wyr hahahahahaa
Lol, I have to sneeze.
Getting super excited for #TALLive tonight with ! Some of my fave NPR voices AND a super large popcorn? Yes, please.
??? ": Interesting opportunities to think about"
Just wrote a research paper on for my music business class. His brand synergy is phenomenal.
I'll just stick with federal law definition says about this. Charter schools are public. Diff but public.
so u gonna tel @&$! u like her
The bird is known by his note. the man by his words.
And they're incredibly delicious!
good luck
Monday's bastard child is knocking at my door.
But he didnt anwser my question!! Can we?? Lls
Cute! ": Please forgive that last tweet my cousin is in love with tebow... Who isn't lol"
Robinson is a solid player, very underrated!
Hit 200 followers tonight. Thanks everyone, keep sharing the love! Our next release is almost prepared.
#timewarner back online ... fingers crossed it stays that way!
CBO Dir agrees #ExtendUI promotes economic growth. Will Rs listen or obstruct measures that benefit Americans and economy...
If it wasn't for me, would be coaching DB's at Upper Iowa University.
I know why technology is so expensive. It keeps us from flinging it across the room when we can't get it to work!
I think I just saw you but I couldn't tell without my glasses.
Congrats! I hear the shoulders are a little heavier. Well deserved!
it will be our little secret. Shh.
The Brazilian Project backs Patty Stephens ((TONIGHT)) for her version of JAZZ STORIES! Come check it out! 7pm @ The Cooperage!
lol I'm I'm NYC that ok lol
we've got to mix it up Jo! They'll make it to Harvard in time!
“: 75% of the #iacaucus votes cast went to someone other than Mitt Romney. #winning”
okay thank you I hope he see it
idk if ive ever seen one of these more true to my life! haha
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all. M.Twain
Someone needs to call me.! Bored
It’s Friday the 13th and KidVoorhies is on a killing spree
In 19 days,Incubus will be in MKE. They haven't been here in 9 yrs. In 20 days, I'll be going through after-concert depression.
"Name your top ten I'm harder than the most of them."
Touring the Coalfields Expressway this afternoon with Congressman Rahall
. might want to check if you're behind a proxy server, try syncing your Chrome with G account and/or clearing cookies/cache
Thanks to all the contributors to NMAP's #ProudHeritage week #ProudAmerican Tomorrow's the last day of the hashtag campaign!
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle. Every cubic inch of space is a miracle. -Walt Whitman
Forks Over Knives ...I'm going to jump on this one. Thanks for sharing, xo
Representing all the Elders. Wouldn't miss it. My only issue is I wish I was riding the bike up.
August is half over! Summer's end is in sight with back-to-school shopping. Weather is perfect for that annual trip to the drive-in theater!
well not yet but patience & consistency is a virtue. Thanks 4 asking my Brother. :)
Rohberger: OA challenges use project based funding, intellectual property, and access.
I tried to understand you, but you kept pushing me away. There's nothing else I could do. I tried my best.
Just read a quote that made me vaclempt it is so on the money: "When you have kids the days are long but the years are short." So so true.
#HurricaneIrene will make landfall late Saturday
I'm so lucky to be on this planet.(:
Just had wings at American Deli w/ Noah while discussing conservative Christians delusion in thinking they're a persecuted minority.
Powerpoint Level One Class Today. I wish I could just test out of this. So enthralling...
leave gates in lineup, or throw Celek in there? Only ask bcuz of game times and I'll be at the #Brewers game Sunday.
I agree that debt from post-grad study is also big problem.
I need a #WendiDeng chick.
What took you so long to follow me?! lol ;)
I went to church Sunday & the pastor preached about sex & waiting. Now I feel even worse about myself than I do after a one night stand.
I hate showing my house!! Its so inconvenient!!😒
I always dislike staying home from work. Especially when I dont feel well but not crazy ill.
You know it's cuz the realized that is their good-luck charm, right?
husband is out teaching son to drive. I'm a nervous mom, but I think he will be a good driver once he learns.
#itssadwhen you have to tote a fat stack of paper coupons to save $$ @ your favorite stores. Palm that power with the FREE Qponomics app.
We ate waffles this morning & my baby sister drank her syrup...!
It's only been 2 days and I already miss talking to you. Spring Break is going to be hard :/
Full plate with my mom's death and the new company starting up. And you?
For Presidents Day: "Architecture is my chief delight" Thomas Jefferson (even though today is really Washington & Lincoln)
Halloween is over...November is upon us, let's make the last two months of 2011 count!
Thanks to Anthony for being on with us, good luck with your upcoming title fight December 16th! Support A.P. Milwaukee!
Wake&bake
thank God I don't use either of those, then
Just moving into our new home. I've got a million boxes & stuff all over, but hope cable will be on, so I can watch #Scandal tonight!
Happy Valentine's Day!
I am IN LOVE WITH
thanks so much! So excited to see what the buzz is all about.
WOW!! Sproles TD #Saints on top for first time
just go in to the restroom!!!!!!!!
the gravitational pull of faith draws the good and perfect will of GOD into your life....shouting out to all faithers...
pre-work yoga makes me feel god!
I love ha too death, but she have her times.
voted for you 50 times tonight!!
i still owe you a lap dance
Thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!!!
No ice in the monte
im like Einstein compared to some of the people that I go to school with
If I wadnt married to the streets it would be you
Hello! My name is Beatstash. I am an Atheist and I like fish.
I'm starting to like instagram more than FB
looking forward to following you and have a wonderful week.
If you could hang out with any Country Music singer today who would it be?
Thanks for the tweets, Mike. Drop me an email sometime. Love to get to know.
where are you?
What do you guys think? RT : It's Book Lover's Day! What are your favorite #adoption and/or #fostercare books?
Vacant house broken into on 28th & Bryant. Police gave chase. Seems nervy out there tonight. Be careful.
Hi. I'm a new follower. I blog for . I write about all sorts of sports related subject, but horse racing's
#Titties is the appropriate response to pretty much anything
Oh, me? I'm just daydreaming about tearing down a skyscraper with a goddamn hammer.
Shopping for office space is not like shopping at the Gap.
There's something humbling about listening to Radiohead's 'Kid A' album while the sun is rising
I wish I was at the marketing meetings when they brainstormed the word "bundle", because we all know they couldn't go with "Cox Package".
“ “ if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO.””
haha!! Glad that someone thinks I'm a rockstar. So what is life like in columbia
I really need to go to bed.
Another night at work! How exciting is that!?
like those videos, this conversation can only be continued in person.
I go on the computer for just a minute but I end up staying there for 7 hours.
I found a burned IC on the controller board for my fridge. I guess it's time to clean the fridge...
Ultimately this will have very little effect on tech patents and Twitter is severely limiting it's rights. Interesting policy nonetheless
You learn something new everyday. Today I learned my dog doesn't like oranges
Danny Newsome 6'9 (Langham Creek 2012) will leave a couple D1 offers on da table and has been accepted by Texas staff as a "walk-on".
Oversize film separations now available!!!
Thanks for tweeting during our webcast today :) Hope you liked it!
Watching star trek. Chris pine is so cute!
oh, just rub it in! :P
Special thanks to Mrs. Tsogzolmaa for taking the time to create a productive educational program between Mongolia and HFC.
i want to die.
When a dream takes hold of you, what can you do? You can run with it, let it run your life, or let it go and think for the rest of your...
Skeeter, all is well. How bout you ? Just getting ready for the upcoming Twestival on 4/30 @ Brooks Landing. What's up Juted ?? How r u ??
I'm afraid so!!
Having a party? We now offer a platter menu to suit any occasion. Come by and check it out!
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William B. Sprague
#DescribeYourExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Liar Liar
My apples smell like beer.
the lineup is worth more than that .. but hey lol
Another good lead for a summer internship I know it is going to happen ! Thank you
I think that depends on what kind of story you want to tell. Is it going to be sort of an over-the-top melodrama, or more...
I dunno. My daughter is 6, but has two older brothers. So, she'll quickly whup ass. Ellie needs to whup ass.
If you want be a member of Wine Diego like on our new facebook page. If you want your wine to be featured please contact us...
reading your bio makes me super jealous.
Me And You Know What It Is .. No Need To Explain It To Anyone Else
#TeamGolf "whatcha know about those yellow bellies bro"
he really
People always got some shit to say about some body
Drinking coffee again, just wnet to Starbucks
I see people in the game with not 1 ounce of talent... ole wanna be apart of somethin ass fools!! SMH
This week has been so nice. To get away from all the crap in fort Wayne.
I wonder what is doing....miss my bros and hoes of the 806
People who put a space between the end of their sentence and the punctuation, probably listens to Nickelback.
The lady that normally gets 8 espresso shots in her drink only got 7 today. Baby steps, I suppose.
in case you guys are wondering, dying brown over pink hair=red hair. ugh.
Spurs are tough
Im going ham nigga
okay, good. And you are not a mess -- you are awesome!
Shabazz to UCLA. Who the hell names a kid Shabazz anyway???
so true. We call that a Frankenstein!
Did you go in the pool with Colton? I hope your having fun with the idols :)
Marcelo scores Madrid's first ! #realmadrid 1 - 1 Athletic Bilbao.
What a long night! Why am I up so early I wanna sleep!
I <3 how every week we watch a 45 minute board room fight. Diana vs Lisa Aubrey vs her selfabsorbing!
I actually like winter! hehe. I'm gonna go to bed! Goodnight! :]
Current weather
So blessed to have an amazing family, I am ever grateful :) ♥
You guys should jump on the #PaulieTrain now because once I get started there will be no stopping me.
Happy Thanksgiving from the FailFL!!!!!!!!!!
"Culture" talk in Ant 101 always one of the hardest
RT : Comfort zones are prisons disguised as warm blankets.
Looks like I've got some cleanin to do.
that is such a help with no spaces just make less for my week old eyes to look @ but want 2 c u all again :)
Scariest flight of my life
ha! How about a sports wagon? Or is that still too soccer mom-ish?
I want someone to fall for me just as much I fall for them.
Caps don't count?
who is his marketing agent?
I'm jealous.
fans!! Watch CSI Miami tonight... you will see Maxim in a short flashback scene. :))
House of Steep is hiring: tea/relaxation lovers, or a massage therapist, please email . Check out our FB careers page!
IF YOU LIVE IN OHIO TWEET ME NOW!!!!!!!!!
You know the story of his first visit to the USA, right? He was coming to DC to meet w/Bush Sr.
#ShanimalOnTheBeach - Uh yes please! ;D
dislocated shoulder forced me to lay low for awhile
fishy! (: you tweet too much!
your guess is as good as mine
“: Whoa, that was close... I almost gave a fuck.”
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Lls I just wanted to talk sum shit 😝😝😝😊😃
kinda haha, I've liked them for a while know (;
just haven't had time to twitter was verry busy
And a nap. I MEAN....looking over game notes.....
I'm about to go get some myself, too.
I understand completely, I've been here since the beginning & although I'm proud it makes me sad, things change way 2 fast
Be kind today, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. *Happy Monday! *
People always know what to say to hurt me.
The short short drive was TOTALLY worth it! Such a fun show.
I really don't want to run in the rain.
She black as shit talk straight shit shut the fuck up ⇨⇨⇨
Delany's book "Blake: Or the Huts of America" is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba & start a blk nation
timthumb script... "I love you... you make my job easy" <3
You've already done that, right through my heart
Sigh. Another short blurb about sad Beavers fans on the front of the Sports section. Will there ever be something BIGGER?
All moved into HQ. We'll be there everyday starting tomorrow!
The extreme humidity is causing our delivery guy car problems....
Buffalo Wings and Cheese Steaks on Tomorrows SINGLE CHEF only at www.theroomlive.com Monday 6pm Pacific I'm freakin starvin!
"Manuscript". Or "printing".
It was a full moon...
Good Morning!!
Ooooohhh. Care to elaborate?
that's not nice, lol. You probably got them scatterin around the room like roaches.
And you were an incredible guest!
You already know *winks*
#20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care to impress anyone really but my coaches...
good, I was worried!
im sorry! when are yall coming bk?
"HOLY MOLLY!!! WE'RE NUMBER 80!!!! AND WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!!"
Between the alcohol and lack of sleep I think Vegas drivers are some of the worst around....... The rains not help matters any.
PR is a strategic communication process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations and their publics.
At School Of Rock to teach the kids, then off to a show with The Shotskis Jam Band! We play 8-12! Everyone come out!
Oh you know, awake at 7am but too lazy to actually move.
nigga FUCK that time to cut that communication lol I ain't getting deported over sum pussy lmao
Thursday is poem in your pocket day! Get your poem ready.
Bless you sis. Thanks so much.
Long day of work "pushing" but free massage in the pm so I'm gud
2.5 mile run over lunch break. lets see how motivated I am to get through the afternoon!
Why did Dracula miss lunch? Because he didn't fancy the stake.
Everything good has to come to an end
Hahaha, love your web site.
I'm usually very patient with people but I have NO patience for foolishness
Can you follow me so I can DM you about ?
Actors who think they're the only talented person at the audition are in for a rude awakening when they don't book the role.
I Want f00d
WHOA!!! what a screaming deal! Leonetti '98 and '99 Cab at for $125 and $100
I need to find friends that don't mind spontaneous plans ._.
Bitch, you're 12. You should be losing teeth, not your virginity.
I agree. I need to come see you mate. Village deli would do wonders
just finished my wrapping & now i'm barely able to stay awake long enough to tweet an x-mas greeting. so merry x-mas everybody!~hugsnkisses
Tapas right now... Booze at Hair of the dog later
i love that kid :)
Kira I already know you're gonna read this so I'm not gonna @ reply to you... Did you know Marinas trench guitarist is from Vancouver?
Happy Wednesday!
We raised $425 for Gabriel & other #urgent deathrow dogs! Let's keep going! http://bit.ly/chipingabriel
Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible. #whynot?
I suggest Canters Reuben, kinda pricey though
I understand paterno should have spoken up but why are people more worried about him than the pervert who touched the little boys?
MY #BOSTONCELTICS DID THEY THANG NOW ITS TIME FOR #OKC TO DO THIERS!!!!
ok done deal
So proud of my Cowboys tonight!!! Good game y'all.
What did I tell you? Real with a narrow 4 point margin at the top now with a pending visit to Camp Nou.
...plannin to kick it off w a Smoked Rye Imperial Stout, Wee Heavy, Belgian Tripel, Imperial IPA, plus a couple more.
We are live on with the #REGGAE radio show... Sizzla is on the turntable Boom!
when im stressed i like to download music
Workk then totally going back to bed!
nah, not you. You know everything about everything. Everyone else is wrong. Do you even know the definition of irony?
Loiter squad
Helping asylum seekers win university places: A small Manchester charity is winning friends among universities i..
Im really glad your a #Packer but how can #Packers fans be sure your really Nick Perry? Post a picture to prove it?
Gotta say, I agree with Elizabeth Gilbert. It's really, really hard to do yoga in Italy. It's much easier just to eat and drink wine.
Nuts! My size 10's missed it :( : Changed my mind contest for all my size 6's, 8's AND size 10's in less than 30!
I watch that show every night..it's amazing lol
sure! I have a puppet-friendly band ; recently did a Taiwanese surf rock puppet show. Ping us if u come to LA.
will b worth it! ;)
Oh no. The Thunder is thundering in Dallas. Making chumps of champs.
#FHA: Every $1 spent on highway improvements results in $5.20 savings in reduced vehicle maintenance, delays, fuel consumption & emissions
Its a beautiful night...
Some times i'm #scared of falling to #sleep you might not know what you'll wake up to or even #wake up at all. What a
Spend a whole day with One Direction
you're welcome! I can tell that you will be blessed because you have an attitude of gratitude! GOD IS LOVE
Best battle so far - LOVE THIS!!!!!
RT : Did you know? Carrying at least one passenger 35 or older in the car cuts a teen driver’s risk of death by 62 percent.
Elmo's poor research methods - not concerned. He's 3! And loved by 1 yr olds! Why encourage/interest 1 yr olds in research? Silly.
VA Software Summit will focus on working together, legal issues in software contracting, &handling "apps." Special session on MS offered.
Steve Jobs - "the only way to do great work is to love what you do, if you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all...
nothing at home...u wanna hang out with my home boys...some came out of town
Lovely day i might say!(: <3
Americans should be blatantly upset and embarrassed with the constant disrespect for our President from the Republican Politicians!
I forget sometimes how funny my old classmate is.
o hell yeah I got some shit where I pay 26
Ah ha ha! He'll learn... RT "...especially the fanbase that Minnesota has -- it’s probably the best in the NFL." --
So since you had a change of heart, who's the artist I'm featuring and when can I expect these interviews?
we got you! RT : follow back please cuz ive got 666 followers lol its weird !
ack! I never replied! (re: BBW) this week is crazy (A's folks are in town) but maybe Sat? Or sometime Tu - Th next week?
Q: Is it growing on you? A: Yes, like mold.
This great weather is no coincidence... #BrewCityStompDown2012 is heating up downtown Milwaukee in 2days! Hosted by
hiding from the cops?
love em....keep them comin, this is so much fun, LOVE,PEACE and MUSIC ROCKS!!
Try listening to Don't Shut 'Em Down by Flogging Molly and not thinking about the riots in the UK.
Oh man. I have Spotify on my phone. This is a moment I dreamed about when I was a little kid. This is really, really something.
is celebrating Mollys bday at osteria marco! then- the lure, and who knows what after :)
Splitting cigars as usual
Damn Me & Nel ready pop out a baby ..ctfu
Weekend from hell
So happy to have spent Friday night with family. Got an appointment for Career Day at a Detroit Public School on Tuesday, too!
": My nigga im faded😉"So you smoke???
Hater: Austin Mahone isnt talented! Me: you best take that back. Hater: or what? Police: so she just slipped off this cliff? Me: yup
Are ya thirsty? How bout a big steaming cup of shut the fuck up.
Avengers! It was a win for me.
Us guys never do. Your not the only one
HAPPY HAPPY B-DAY !!!
Thank you so much ! At this moment, the love from friends is worth it all. xoxo
In the studio with , and unfortunately not Wiz Khalifa...
I was the worst luck ever.. I don't even know why I try to become a singer!
It will never not be funny to watch texters eat it while walking down starts. The phantom step always gets them
and are sharing great advice from their book 101 Social Media Tactics for Nonprofits at
not many out there post 01. KOL solid
we sahh screwed
Breakfast and jesus
can't waiiitt till next summer oh my gosh
we currently track analyses when they are created. That resets every day back to 0.
ha bruh..77 monte carlo d's and a bad red headed chick in da back!!
by review i mean studying not like going to school to review or anything...
Congratulations on your IRE award, ! should be extraordinarily proud of you guys.
im good. hows everything
"We don't change things around us to have personal success. We change things in us." —DJohnson T&B
... and interquartile ranges ;-)
That's easy, Ella Fitzgerald.
head band, enuff said
was it like "I'm gonna renear some shit up, yo" when conducting a formal analysis?
Alright, looks like I'm heading to the game.
#YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude is ugly...
headed to stans bbq - their creamed corn is the best!
My Mardi Gras dog costume caused swimmers ear which turned to infection in my reconstructed eardrum
I think I already have u added.
real talk
Working on 2 Spanish language UX projects and I don't speak Spanish! Very humbling, educational, and time intensive!
I rather have my GED then have Ruskin High School on my diploma -___-
Good morning beautiful people :)
“: sounds like a great time we'll need to invite more people to make it a bit faster. 🐦🔫” the more the merrier!
"pain in him ass"
You bet, Leslie! We'll set up some MARAC networking fun in the fall.
with a stiff enough drink, you could do without the bag and punch a wall?
Maybe you should invest in a disguise so you have it on hand, just in case. And shoes that make you run fast.
Me To.
Governor is looking competent, far-sighted on the issues. In contrast with opponents - he's looking ahead, they're headed backwards.
I WANT TO KISS HIM
no too much to do
I work hella fucking late tonight. Damn I won't get home til 4 in the morning ...
Feels so good to just lay in bed. Waiting for my wonderful hubby to get back from the gym and bring me Bruegger's!
ur lyrics,ur meaning and now ur guitar.keep doing u.loved the making of efflictim video with Jimi Hendrix in the background
Your thoughts are very well articulated. I would send the letter and stand by your thoughts and convictions! Proud of you!!
#iWishThat winter break was here
The weight comes so quickly a little goes to your tummy. And be sure to workout.
Q: What are your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
anyone want to go ride bikes downtown?
thanks and followed :)
To everyone that hated seeing my winter break cut short, I hate that you're still in finals. Truly. Good luck!
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Social media is important to SEO.
It was nice ladies! Now off to homework for me!
The neo is rarely good, for the good is around a long time.
I nerver went.. Bout to get that water though..
Thanks for the Klout!!
Is Twitter down? Will someone please respond to this to check.
why much better?
I hate homework :(
my mom be pissin me the fuck off
For friends that need to get their SSH fingerprint to validate their keys on You can use the command "ssh-keygen -lf ~/.ssh/id_rsa"
I hate it when the jacked guy always wear tank tops..like they poorly tanned ass too good for a shirt
Misuse of papelbon, inability to score runs, bad bullpen, shoddy defense. Yeah yeah.
for sure...I have no doubts
yeah I know. Wahh. But i will prob come to your house sunday! If thats the plan!
I'm thinking that my art won't attract the type of clients that get their dead pets stuffed.
atta girl! RT : I just crossed the $500 mark for team One month to go!!
Gonna go ham on this competition.
Hello Ya'll....shop local!!! Come see our new Acacia Wood!!!! What a Beaut...
I create my own reality I am unlimited I get what I concentrate on My moment of power is NOW
RT : I'm probably gonna do a college football fantasy season too
Look-if you give me any kind of back or neck 'massager' for a gift I WILL end up humping it at some point. I don't write the rules people.
Impressive indeed. That is one talented guy.
no, my sister did. He was playing at a Farmer's Market on Oahu today. Pretty cool.
Hungry...don't know what I want to eat.
Hey Houston folks! Did you know you can ask questions on Twitter ? Or via text - text HPL to 66746 to ask your ?.
that is awful maybe was more than meltdown in that case.
got my DSW bag just in time for my flight home. I'm in love!
“When I play as White, I win because I am White. When I play as Black, I win because I am Bogoljubov.” -Efim Bogoljubov
Goodnight twitter
Meeting with a client tonight to discuss details for their fun, travel-themed reception. Where have you traveled recently?
Can't sleep! Grrrr I hate when I wake up @ 4am wide awake!
Great effort this year Timbers!
real talk.
I do most training on a treadmill but I might have to look into that. Or I'll have to bust out my old 40GB Ipod photo (old!)
This is just how many people I'm hearing from about SOPA! RT : Lloyd Doggett, is now trending in
Why are vampires in shows n movies so damn hunky!!!
It's 7AM and I am thinking hard and long about a chili dog for breakfast. You don't think I'll do it? Just watch me. And a Poptart too!
I'm shocked. Shocked I tell you.
I'm going to call you repeatedly to make sure you don't sleep :)
If the toddler in the cafe in which we're eating doesn't STFU, I WILL go tell her Santa's a hoax, taxes will KILL her & she's unattractive.
Cartridge World Camp Creek online ordering w/free shipping on orders over $45. Save up to 40% on print cartridges. www.atlinkrefill.com
I went shopping today 👠👗👙
I get those all the time... more like MIGRAINES ... -__-
Open your mind before your mouth.
bringing in valentine's day with cory and topanga
What did the doctor give the broken pod? A podcast!
Big win for low-income communities in CA! #Solar for All #AB1990 made it out of committee today! Congrats #CEJA!
awe don't cry!!!
RT : Next Tuesday's 6:30pm run will be featuring ultra-trail runner Krissy Moehl and a Patagonia trail...
It's the best one yet. Episode 3 on www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1. I met Austin & I never thought that would happen, but it did! <3
I haven't had cable since 2005 so I haven't seen the trailers. But they must be pretty awesome to get so many ppl THIS excited :)
Running to my second class and what do I encounter? A group of French speaking guys doing parkour.
we hammered out in chi town. we wanna party w u girl. come fuck wit us! we show u how us chi town girls get down on a tuesday
RT : RT : Death of Kim Jong-il Breaks on Twitter and Makes it to Cable 50 Hours Later, more in today's Daily Briefing...
it was hilarious. We've been talking about it and now to see each other.
Something had to give! Ah blessed day!
After tonight's game keep it going w/ The Noble and baseball movies: Field of Dreams, Sandlot, A League of Their Own, and Major League.
#dayofsilence Let the silence begin.
No 1 cares about character anymore
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere". ~ Agnes Repplier
This is America. We speak American.
I look like a mod boy.
here to see at 1:15 session in UNION D about implications of tech in learning
You have failed to fix my xbox the first time the disc reader messed up, and now its happening again.
Can't wait to see you in This American Life Live next month.
RT : The best aphrodisiac is not pointing out that I'm singing the lyrics wrong.
I haven't made sense since 1988
BADCamp is this weekend! Come join is for a weekend of Drupal fun. We'll be heading up an Installfest and discussing the Patterns module
project runway again?
Watching #GCB love u are amazing!!!
games got moved to 1 and 330 bus time was moved to 930
#ICantDateYouIf You're not funny .
American Warewolf In Paris
Wait till he starts hitting on you.
Considering billing the next Idea Forum mtg as a Choose Your Own Adventure. Giggling maniacally & twirling pretend mustachios.
Literally some people tweet every 5 mintues...that confuses me?
U did broke it but u didn't have any feelings for her so u dnt kno wat u did to break it
if you wait till I get home I already bought ya muscle milk. BTW I was calling. Phone OS dying getting on train now. Cya soon.
CEO, David Dundas, revealed that not vein scared of data that might not be positive. Listen to your customers!
I graduate in 3 days. Whoa
WOW! I can't wait to hear it!!!!!!! YEEEE! RT- “: last touches. focused. believe”
I hope the Ravens defense is ready to step up.
1936 James Cagney in The Great Guy. Seems relevant People.
not in Serge Ibaka's house baby...get out of here! #OKC!
good form: lower resistance or do less reps if you can't maintain proper alignment or if you're using momentum to move the weight
You are at Arrowhead?
Looks like I'm able to view TED vids on my retina iPad now. Cool; thanks.
i took 2 shots of #noxplode and I feel nauseated - I stopped working out.
Why is it that the foods that taste the best are the ones worst for you? Heaven better be full of bacon and chocolate.
"You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing." - Dale Carnegie
Oh apparently tweeting about uterine lining will lose you about 6 followers, just a heads up guys
Thats what I meant! If they were REALLY hungry, they woulda been there to take the food that you got for them! :)
Off to London! Will hit the Tate Modern and British Museum. Any recommendations for can't miss arts scenes in the UK?
Thank you We returned the favor look out for music soon
Thanks everyone who came to #rawconf today. We'll post pics and other news as soon as we recover from the excitement!
Thanks Mary. It was a fun night.
On top of everybody like we flew up in this bitch!!! Webbie
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Tokyo, Japan. It's available in your customer area now.
i hope u watch it lol
One more test and I'm 50% done with my MBA. Can't @#$^% wait!
How about we start a 'meds-for-bullets' program on Planet USA before old wango-weaponized-tango hurts himself?
LOL, #AgentDLV. But I got it, you're entered!
how many players have received game misconduct penalties in the Pens/Flyers game???
Cardio X done! No excuses when I can workout in my own living room:)
This man is NOT about to keep beeping this horn outside my window.. >:(
more like feedback loop
View each day as a new beginning. Be open to both the challenges and rewards that come from pursuing the things you desire most in life.
Windy driving through Phoenix.
Most boring day ever 👎
Great weekend ahead doing 2 days of #Hyattsville fire dept traing with #WMATA. Any good evening events happening in the district?
I hate Humanities.
Good call, you've been a reliable source on this topic in the past. Oh, wait. #andrewbreitbart #jameso'keefe
Why do i put up with yo BS?!?
only on like harry potter....... :D I like it though, MATE.
Tell your friends, family and coworkers to come follow "Indy's #1 Virus & Spyware Removal Specialist!" The Computer Guy #RT Please
his ass would have made me catch a case!!! Haha where was this at!?
left left left left left right left get on up get on up get on up...
why thank you be sure to check us out on Facebook and we have a CD coming out on march 30th :D
Although, I give Huntsman credit for actually be the sanest.
Just scored a vintage chalkboard for Baby Nichols!!
I think this dress came with too much leg.
Isn't it great? Keeps your car covered while producing energy!
one of two atomic bombs dropped on japan as a way to secure US victory in the pacific
Having WebDAV server connection problems today. Don't even ask. I've decided it's a Windows problem and put in a work order with IT
At Kate OBrians in SF with my partner in crime getting ready for my IPA weekend
what do u like in ur man?
new was so 2011. Do you know how to use google hangouts?
Proximate cause argument may mean: hearsay evidence, gun ballistic specialist, game day diagrams are moot points to say Martin was aggressor
Gettin' a job interview, going to be a PAT next year, AND mom left a note to get Chipotle for dinner. It's been a good day after all.
I thought he would be different.......... I thought wrong...
Thanks! You just got urself a follower
Tomorrow morning - interview with director Erik Peter Carlson and producer Kevin Bar on KRXA channel 540 AM California's Monterey Bay Area!
You know, maybe we'll just keep it here. The typo may be the unique indicator that it's actually my page.
NUMBER ONE TOP TWEET TRENDING IN THE USA TODAY #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight Whats 's tweet?
Hey the next time your down there maybe we could maybe. Eat at the Hard Rock and maybe walk downtown! :)
Disney fireworks viewable from #aapor hotel.
I'm gonna go download it right now! Caught you in portland last year. That was a great show!
Like the tone they are setting for this year's #Oscars... interviews & testimonilas
Is it a remote position?
I'm so proud of you :) Thank you for being the amazing person you are.<33
#MyStrangeAddiction lady who is addicted to smelling pine cleaner is from buffalo. Of course. The one time buffalo makes it on tv.
Subway at flat shoals rd. in decatur ga: the slowest people ever... And the attitudes suck.
Thanks for entering!
#Contentstrategy is not always a linear process. RT
what is what for ? Lol
Okay, kitty, you win. I'll move the boxes so you can get up on my desk. Just don't go falling off, okay? Okay.
pissing oh my god
Just make sure u leave a gift receipt with it.
Oh yes!!! Ireland vs Chicago....get real Connor!
I'm not a fan of reality tv but the more I hear of companies pulling ads, the more I want to watch it #All-American Muslim
Cozette, you're a very good mascot #cat!
Watching the office. I love it.
When I delete someone from the contacts in my phone, it feels like I'm deleting that person from existence.
They are like sweeter Granny Smiths
we're a mess haha :/
Headed to interview with the Timbers!
Crazy we dead had an apartment 5 mins from the stadium.. Woulda made a killing harboring a bunch of groupies and boppers this weekend..
Random thought on covering NATO protests: First Amendment rights, absolutely. Getting sprayed w/ bodily fluids or solids - ugh! Hope not.
That would be pretty awesome.:)
Love You Too ! <3
Good Lord who starts on that team?
I Will Later Bro!(:
i love you my baby Christian ♥
is checking out the Wendy Williams show...this should be interesting...
good luck to u and frankiemay tonight im in ok in heart :)
Just woke up with
I guess the walls have ears.
I'm not going anywhere with this studying plan!!:o
RT LAers..."It Felt Like a Kiss" next week is a must. Watched for the 2nd time today, got chills.
Hahaha! Oh really?! 😳
buy them from half.com or amazon!!
Marinated flank steak with farro, nettles, goat cheese, mustard greens & salsa verde
sometimes, it's just too easy. - you just got yourself a follower, but not a fan.
Noah is the cutest boy ever. <3
Please cancel
Playing "take my love" with Awesome.
I really don't want to walk home.
“As long as you know that most men are like children, you know everything.” — Coco Chanel (1883 – 1971)
website has been updated! New referral program capabilities and Waterfi gift vouchers!
“It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out;it's the grain of sand in your shoe.”~Robert W. Service
I'm praying to the Visual Gods that this thick acrylic sheet successfully hangs within this ceiling.
when you genuinely cannot tell if you should call someone "mam" or "sir" <
Yes, we have our first grammar caucus comment.
They deal chips and candy in this school like its drugs, lol.
What goes best with burgers and wings?
I finally was stuck in an elevator and it HAD to be at 624....
“: I love with the biggest passion😊” aw!
Funding my first project makes me feel like a digi-hippie.
so jealous! Ima b in the lib for the next 12 hrs... have a glass of wine for me
I'm officially one of those crazy dog people. I go to the dog park once a day, I talk to my dogs every minute & I swear they know about what
That movie looks good! (Side note- hate the over-usage of the song "Dream On" in movies/movie trailers.)
is someone live blogging the Edgars? Who and where?
Hooray, I fought the & I won! Yeah 4 small miracles!
Can also be used to make a passable chicken tikka masala with the grill side if you can't get outside to the Weber.
in the early 2000s Orlando replaced all of its gum supply with Cuban sandwiches.
Miss you, Meghan!
Everybody Deserves Second Chances, But Not For The Same Mistakes. <3
i love l.a. I love memphis.
In almost-perfect harmony. LOL// RT : and have been the ebony and ivory of all morning
It's Friday! What letter of the alphabet are you drinking tonight?
that looks incredible.
haven't read it yet, but seems ironic to draw that conclusion in an online article.
thanks bro.
No church this morning :/ Our pastor is in Europe.
TOBY!!!!!!! I LOVE KEEGAN ALLEN!!!! Theres this kid at school who looks exactly like him! Needless to say I'm his official stalker!
If its important to you you'll find a way. If not, you will find an excuse.
This travel agents voice right now is really sounding a lot like Mrs. Doubtfire
I hate when my Dog takes Over the Whole Bed when he's not even that Big & Has Enough Space where he started in the 1rst place.
I am with a groupp of children who are wandering around Walmart singing "There are zombies in my zombies in my yard" 0_0
Heard you was coming to the hood .
YEA! thank you for signing up for dccodeathon.eventbrite.com Help me gather more librarians? #citationneeded !
Awesome, thank you! “: Follower of the Day - show us this tweet for a free large bucket (expires 5/15)”
Welcome to all of our guests attending the Southwest CONTENTdm Users Group meeting!
Count em one two three:) taught me how to count:) obviously
Thanks for sharing it with us, Happy Anniversary! RT : Enjoyed an amazing first anniversary Loving life.
I thought it was "pearl necklace" people reacted poorly to as a phrase. Guess its all how you use it
Thank you to all of the brave men and women who have served our country and fight every day for our freedoms. Thinking of you,
Polar fleece sheets last Saturday when it was 40's= genius. Polar fleece sheets now when its 70's= sweaty.
thanks for posting the video
Thank YOU brave men & women who protect our freedoms! Salute to their strong families too! Happy #MilitaryMonday!
We are www.hairinthecity.me and we are waiting for the observant eye to discover us.
you seem to think the words and pictures are related. I put stuff in the text to see who reads it.
I will be djin @ the tonyc summer jam @ the north point bars in SA, TX! Its gonna be the biggesr event of the year!
twitter keeps randomly unfollowing ppl. Annoying
well im excited for this weekend(:
Thank You. Love the Fans
<3 thank you!
if you know of someone who picks there mates soley on the way they look, please slap the hell out of them...thanx!
is having a showchoir blast from the past!
haha very well put
Corey Hart...finally!
Thanks for the follow!!
.. catch me if you can :)
hahaha well you could say that
Wait what, do you live in my building?! How did you find me on the Twitters??
yes there sure are!!
WHY IS THIS MOTHERFUCKER STILL ALIVE MR REED
okay call me
congrats to you guys
well thats good!!
SUPER PSYCHED to be on the #teletastics call with :D
Tonight ill be live in the mix inside Tabu 18+ welcome 21+ to drink come out and party!
What a good idea. :)
Trying to respond re your new book
I hate when my hair elastic gets stuck in my hair
off work today & it's supposed to be 88 degrees !! you can catch me by the pool ✌☀😁
OUR BEING IS IN HIM (Acts 17:27-28) Live, move and exist in us Father God. We trust you and love you. #Sir Court
my b he's 36 in a few days
I favor spending my money on companies that support civil rights, fair health policies and reasonable intellectual property rules.
SO JEALOUS. I LOVE PANERA.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co13 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Today Is the 15 baby
Leaving chicago today.... Gonna miss it! Goodbye chicago, hello again vegas/:
Hope you and your friends and family are all safe!
Exhausted im sick of studying all day it's startin to get to me
i know ): im gunna try.. but we always have to answer questions, and i never know the answer.
ah, I think it was a CSS transition causing the issue, I believe it should be fixed now.
Well now you sound like a bitter old waitress!
Check out #TheLastMountain! Amazing documentary. Available for streaming on Netflix or rental on Amazon.
Hey ! How about you have #JazzFest posterboy sit in for one song? Hit me up so we can make this happen! Thanks!!
or they don't recognize there's always been tech/tools because photos/slides/typewriters/wordprocessors/quills are all still tech
. says we shd move from request/deliver model of archive to one where visitors invited in to archival curation process.
You'll presumably be exercising for the rest of your life. Pace yourself. CG Philosophie.
have a great Friday
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you get a chance to drop by my house sometime soon!
You are not alone.
Just getting started ! If ur in pb come by. $3 wells $5 premiums, $4 jager shots! What?! Who's carrying me home?
It's going to be fun and congrats on your new job. We need to get together at some point for coffee.
How many gimmicks do we need when we have more to say than a gimmick
;P I'll believe it when I see it :P
Be looking for some exciting happenings from InheritBR in 2012!
loll hilarious :)
My work is to conjure up the idea of what I want. Whatever I have the ability to conceive, the Universe has the ability to provide it.
damn, nothing pops off on Mondays either.
Atta boy C's!!
Me too! I totally missed that one when I visited last year. :(
Weather in Madison - 54 degrees (possible rain tomorrow)
Hmm should I leave early. . Again?
I was until that field goal :-)
If you’ve been spending hours lately figuring out ways to save money, why not spend that time instead on figuring out ways to earn it?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
can I sell them a dream??
Four more days and then I'm free.
So lemme get this straight,Justin Bieber sneezes & 30 seconds later swagsneeze trends, but #RyanKennedy dying from cancer can't trend? Pfft!
Aha. That's more of a British type of sport, not much played here on the continent. Your very lucky to feel love.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there.
thanks kell, just trying to help out! I really need to get involved with my schools branch like you have.
Good morning big gray clouds and rain. I've got my hot cocoa, so I love you.
are you bord?
Twerk sake it fa the camera
o drews got a date ;)
is looking for 3G Network Engineers in Atlanta, GA
he ain't give u ur writing credit?
so bummed...had Tix to see and but daughter got sick :(
damn.. wrong era
You are very welcome. Please share the #WomenBuild with your
hey deme I should record myself flinging tampons dipped in red dye at people.
Cutting off your band with authority?
Remember Jesus loves you!......Pretty much everyone else thinks you're a jerk.
It's good to have choices, for the best in mortgage rates click on my profile link NOW!.
the "dance" classes have to be used within a month of purchase so i'm just going to buy 1 for now.
better than spongebob's huh? That's incredible. Props to you. I'm sorry I doubted. Keep on keepin on.. And having fun ;)
awww make sure you take alot of pictures at your prom
Me and Day was cool
Hearing the Franklin's words is always the most profitable.
cannot wait to go to #chelseapiers with my girls:-) want to try rock climbing for me n my teen daughter. gymnastics for my 4yr old.
lol impress??? we have been friends for over 20 yrs dumb ass....hardly. u started it by saying bs about fball. do u not recall
sad to see you go. I hope you land where you want to
in 3rd quarter still?
oh the things you do. Most can't be discussed in public or within 500 yards of a school.
#Youwannaimpressme, have some motivation. Love yourself enough to take care of yourself and do something with your life.
There is always music....so play on; throught the anger, regreat and saddness....play on!
Meditation affects ur body on the #Cellular level via #Genes that control Antioxidant activity, Inflammation &
I find myself to be pretty. Never hot
That is so sweet! What is the actual date that they got married on and what are they doing for their 50th Anniversary?
happens all the time ;)
Stand your ground ... &walk in the light. Strengthened from food for my soul.
we are nfocus now twitter is a rockin
#Memorialdayplaylists What's yours?
Aw Crap. I uploaded an older file for my Tech House Gypsy Hip Hop set and didn't notice till now. I'll upload the higher quality one now..
Seth Mitchell looking STRONG as a heavyweight prospect.
I am totally running myself into the ground. No days off. No time to socialize or buy groceries.
Happy Monday! Has your company reviewed your #security budget for 2011? Do your #safes need to be updated? Contact me at Corporate Safe fo…
The Indiana Hoosiers (my alma mater) are coming to Portland. And I have tickets. Couldn't be happier!!!
Pretty cool #Windows8 demo at Steve Ballmer's keynote at #DellWorld Online (powered by #Social27)
I needed this walk almost as much as they did.
Spring is here because "THE #REDS ARE ON THE RA-DI-O!!"
#midleved, #edchat , #dublindallasplp Has anyone tried a Pecha Kucha using the themes from The Outsiders? Please share your thoughts
performed at the NYU graduation party last night, heard it was nuts.
Nice to meet you this morning, Mary. Such a small world that you know !
I'm sorry...I have to take a rain check for tonight! Had an unexpected funeral to attend.
I'm drinking coffee at 9pm. This can only be trouble for the internet.
Don't make me unfollow you. That said, I'm from Cleveland living in NY. blast!
Awesome, will post after 3 when I am on air!
She starts her new diet of liquor and dick. Just like Hollywood, but laced in sick. The sun goes down, and so does she.
feeding my family so I hope not :)
listening to this week PCHH! You have to watch Awkward on MTV. Total inheritor of awesome teen comedy mantle!
Cody was sculpted by Angels I swear... He is just too perfect!
Not sure why we got rid of Blake.
Looking forward to tweeting from #Geekend! Zuzana , Mariah and will be there representing our #savannah tech startup!
on the road again
people change culture by changing systems.
every morning the babybean and i have a dance party. this morning she *woke up singing "moves like jagger".. cutest. thing. ever.
I just took some medication for pain, came downstairs to our cybercafe, and bored out of my mind. Not used to sitting not doing anything.
There were some awesome people at the Hookah Bar. Great night so far and it's only gonna get better! God I love West Lafayette!
it won't send unless you follow
what's going on sir!
of course 😘 ur so beautiful it's insane!!!
“: So can Jonathan Vilma and Sean Payton talk to each other?”
Let's go mavs take down the trail blazers
Whenever I listen to TED Talks on the elliptical, I feel like a Stuff White People Like entry.
ILL BE IN CLEVELAND THURSDAY. IM LOOKING FOR TALENT AND IM NOT ''HOOKING'' NOBODY UP. GET RIGHT OR GET LEFT
Hmm.. Well how TALL are yu then?
My work day has come to a close! Hump day tomorrow!
I have strep :( I hope I can talk tomorrow because the doctor said I could return to work since I won't be contagious.
Thanks, Robby! Hope to see you on the links soon. RT : Welcome to Twitter, !
fyi fancy is spamming twitter on your behalf
it really showed! I still have to send mine in and I hope it's good! I'm trying really hard too:)
HA! That would b my choice 2! MT: Julie NEVER notices what's on West Side Story. (3rd bottle of wine now being opened).
well please don't do the intense love scenes in my new best seller "PYTHON" IN PUBLIC but learn the best way to be romantic
Diana is learning how to tweet
uh oh lol.
Thanks for the RT!
want me to dimpa-size your face
I haven't been on twitter lately. It sucks, I wanna MAHOMIE biff doe~~~ hit me up
Got so much swag he can give sum a still have to much
The Edgar for best first novel by American author goes to Lori Roy for Bent Road
me too i love it
Get ready to get destroyed in some poker.
i think youll see her a few more times
Help us help our most impoverished children change the course of their lives by donating or volunteering!
We gotta get this thing going...I've been dieting for a week...I'm droppin' it like it's hot!!!
thanks for following, Jessica.
you know im down RT : who wana go too breakfast? #burger king
me too! He's incredible (sometimes)
Hoping to play at the We R Indie & Indiegrrl International Music Conference!
i can't remember what you were supposed to tell me, but yes, you're supposed to tell me something. anything will do.
my apartment had 30 foot floor to ceiling windows in the living room and today they're getting cleaned! SO EXCITED!
Decisions made out of desperation never work out in the long run....
Zach brown can shut up because we're state browned!!!
you're late for ugly class bro #EliMannings on his way to pick you up
How was that ginger with that girl??
editing. can't stop editing. can't stop.
