Omg my #phishafterparties article on came up in my Google alerts! Go check it out, only 5 days til #ohkeepahmsg!
apply for cataloging job in ireland?
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
We continue to file #appeals, so our clients will be among the 1st to have hearing if Judge maintains the status quo in conf on Tuesday 1/10
Okay, great!
and I liked the Merle theory. This kind of bummed me out.
Protect your identity at Saturday's Shred-a-thon
Nice photo!
In resting mode after my trip to NYC went to circle of sisters lot of fun
Off to work on this lovely weather:-(
it don't matter wenever u get outta scoo idc
The crochet break relief is wearing off...
This is torture
Boise St. looks pretty unspectacular in 28-21 win over weak Tulsa team
Why is It so cold! Wtf bi polar ass weather..... Still goin out tonight tho' :)
You can do it!
When you accidentally re-tweet or favorite some lame ass tweet. -_-
I pretty much did! Ask Nicole!! I was on the phone with her like 5 minutes after it happened!!!! :DD
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
Jason Wu for Target is already here and gone online. Picked up a few kitty-print items; going to the store to find the navy dress tomorrow!
If everyone could have a friend like Real life, she is my best friend.
Cant Wait To See My Boys Again Tho . <3
how is letting someone keep more of their own money a "handout"?
I hate myself
you forgot the pink one.
nope you a wherever you living now-an!
It's okay Jordan Schafer. All those HGH positive tests and drug busts would make me mad too.
MT : BLS confirms that data Scott Walker is using for his "revised" jobs figures has not been verified or reviewed
- Great blog! Very similar to ways we try to help our clients with office leasing. Check out 'Charity Outreach" on our site
need an assistant? :)
Is anyone dressing up for #SOTG2011? Who has the blonde wigs!?
where were all of my friends getting these UK ATL tickets? Internet.
Good Friday! We're open today and tomorrow. Come see us!
BoFlex has been sold
This is precisely where we are headed as libraries. Wonderful photos!
ME TO
aye bro we doin this Dallas Most Wanted album get at me for da buinsess side beats we kan send for u to check out
heck yeah! They are addicting
LOL indeed, but at the same time it keeps the life blood flowing.
We're all subject to the same judgement in the end, so why point fingers instead of shaking hands?
BREAKING: has been named special Ambassador to Columbia
RT : It's like a poem! #memorizing PRESENT #Troilus & Cressida opening January 13th
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who made Friday's conference such a success!
A team of heritage masons, material scientists and historic masonry specialists were privileged to work at the MIT Main Group Bldg No. 2
RT : It's unofficially PUPPET WEEK here at Creative Alliance.
Friday night plans: 1. Buy six pack of beer. 2. Play the hell out of Batman: Arkham Asylum.
RESURRECTION The Album dropping in a couple of weeks. Priest-Hood Family coming out with our Hands UP
"For every disciplined effort, there are multiple rewards." -J Rohn ..1 seed yields many fruits! What seeds of discipline are you planting?
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. Stephen Covey
"Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why, Cause you are on my mind, I want to know you feel it"
I go hard, like your girls nipples.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
John Mayer ruined our day!
#w3dge12 forgot to mention yesterday that came to DC to help us prep for our Twitter launch. Thanks Mike!
tweet who chloe
Let's see how Tom Lawlor's entrance is this time.
um why ?
Buying slushies during lunch
no problem!
what's goody old friend?
April's theme will be "The people shall govern", which is the national month to mark the first democratic elections in #South Africa.
Love when my iTunes is on random and comes on
Not back when we had good old fashioned "assumption of risk" doctrine. We weren't always under the 2nd Rstmt of Torts.
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
Okay, I've had these stitches in my shoulder since nine and I am about to rip them out. >:(
I would vote for just because of his witty tweets. You need a great sense of humor to survive in this business.
yes! It's a BSR Elite. I love Ken Smith!
I missed talking to him.
absolutely. keep it up. great job up there today.
Due to lightening in the area, the game is halted in the bottom of the fifth with South Alabama leading FIU 5-1.
Student seriously spelled even her own name wrong on her assignment. Sigh.
Dreamed I had been given an ipad by my mom. Woke up feeling disappointed in my dream life
My faith in President Obama is unerring. I think he is a splendid human being. The job is daunting but he stays steady.
Not that it matters anymore but get Crawford's pathetic ass out of this game.
I went to Charles Village Pub yesterday. I think everyone there had sex later that night.
Doctor Stalker ;)
Facebook will have this fight I believe.
keep doing ya thing lil bro's God's blessings are shining on ya.
(cc ) You need to join the gal pals for Wed night bread & brew crew soon!!
Happy Mother's Day to some very awesome ladies!!
hahaha yeah that didn't help either!
you sure? ;) RT : good afternoon, I'm a real person!
i heard he was playing with his dingdong, but is that right??
haha okay maybe not malware but still - no bueno
Teachers Sarah A./1grade & Lauren T./Art w/ Wildflower Elementary waiting 2 meet #ColoradoSprings Donate/Volun
Good question. Answer depends entirely on each company. We'd like to think that's the only kind of people we hire.
everything is so much
I think the UT clock tower just flipped you back. Have a safe drive home.
Happy Birthday Breakfast...looking to enjoy the rest business-free and stress-free.
It is time to chop off heads
hmm very interesting... I wonder why this is..does a visual median have to do with it?
I am not sure that Kung Fu Panda 2 is any less horrifying than the Human Centipede.
Can someone explain to me why people are up in arms about now? Haven't they been wearing those ridiculous outfits for years?
This one is on Peter... How the fuck do you not bring your best player on until the 83rd fucking minute?
Both locations are very busy today! I would suggest calling in advance if you are going to come!
We are trying to coordinate a huge campaign for cannabis. Could we count on you to help participate digitally?
Alan Thicke! Swag me!!
thank u love 
A for effort! Have a good one
Unintentional mistakes are often the one that makes a huge impact .
Happy First Day of Spring / Spring Equinox! Let the sun shine into your life.
Sunday morning burst of inspiration: can we have an explorers book club?
Northpoint update: 5 min wait for restroom & foodcourt so crowded people r eating in restroom waiting area. Yeech!
Same here MT : If I turn into 1 of these columnists who make you want to stab your eyes out with cartoonishness, pls kill me.
Our short film "Just Like the Movies" got accepted into the Indie Spirit Film festival in Colorado Springs!! Woop woop
lol yeah I'm reading it!! It's already sad.
with my bbg
Just got to Skype with and . Miss those two a ton!
Truthfully, niggas making this too easy
Good boy.
Support for their release coming out soon
Be tenacious, beat Ignatius!!!
Its time was up in 2001
You are beautiful. Dont let anyone tell you otherwise. If they do it is just because theyre jealous of how beautiful you are
Hey! We have a show tomorrow at the KEYNOTE CAFE in Jeanette! Doors open at 5:30 and the show starts at 6. Try to make it out :D
I hate people, i hate talking about my feelings, so leave me alone.
In the Milwaukee area? Be sure to check out salon! Great atmosphere & they run fab specials
Interested in a film production career? Listen to my radio show, "Question Reality" today at 5:00 PM (PST) on LA Talk Radio, Channel 1.
Labor Weekend Officially Starting yahhhhhh
Good answer! And glad to hear it.
RT Excited about #LUCIANO confirmed!! Sun May 20 #reggae < we'll be filming and live streaming
First successful U.S. newspaper, the Boston News-Letter, formed today in 1704. Publishers relied on the post for out of town distribution.
see you feeling it to. Don't cha wanna dance, don't you wanna dance with me baby?
#BlueRock would like to welcome our new #intern Paul and a shout out to Joey and Louis our current interns.
It reminds me of that kid "Rufus, kid with excuses" on so random. haha.
too. Nice to be an early "follw"
Kinda. You'll find your way.
I think Ima be late to second. Fudge it.
he also said Flacco didn't outplay Brady in this years Champ game because Brady had a bad game...as if that means joe didn't
Hes had flashes of brilliance getting my hopes up only 2 squash them w/ huge slumps. I dont get excited when he's up anymore
Our awesome interns started this morning! Looking forward to co-supervising them with
That plastic band aid stuff is kinda cool. Covering you in happy white light and pink bunny moments!;)
I AM WRITING A BOOK, I'M SO HAPPY I'M ALMOST DONE WITH IT, I CAN'T WAIT TIL IT GET PUBLISHED.
": "Already talk in the Dodger front office about adding players this summer," on SportsCenter" #UNNNH!
ues it bothers me to I just feel for the girls they shouldn't see their mom get beat!
Hey, can you be 13 to go to the taping of ABDC?(:
Assumptions are the Achilles heel of contextual inquiry.
They all operate on about 1/5 of the manpower remotely necessary for smooth operation, for one.
thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas and God bless!
I'm off for my first look ever into our Wilkie Collins manuscript collection. Read Woman in White last year and loved it.
Thanks for sharing this, Clarissa. Brave and inspiring. The last three sentences are stunningly on point!
Thanks! Enjoy that early-20s metabolism while you got it. (I know you also run like a gazillion miles.)
#whatifindattractive a man with manners
Starting to see why the Astros are in last in the NL Central. They field like the Bad News Bears and pitch like a belly itcher.
Wow picked in the end zone. NICE!!!
Just ate a 1lb burger :D
Thanks for the good word--x-pro 1 is on its way. Super psyched. PS Love the Arabia Mt. photos.
#grammys : Even Lady Gaga thought that the Niki Minaj number was offensive and sacrilegious.”
I ♥ Max Russo.
Lebron may have a bunch of money but I have a hair line that isn't receding.
I just RT'ed it
He will find away to blame bush for it
emailed Attorney General Martha Coakley regarding unethical business practices #Boston Daily Deals
Just landed in Amsterdam. Adventure awaits.
Break through your neighbor's fence with a turkey dinner. That's how you enter his gates with thanksgiving.
I can send you over some more info on the options for if you like. What's a good email address?
Wow sounds unb elievable ! I am coming in for that !
Tonight marks the last Girls' Night Out for spring 2012! Join us tonight @ Vanderbilt Univ. 7:30pm/Wilson Hall/Rm 103 - Admission is free!
Watching videos. Listening to his music just makes me very happy!!
Judging someone's decisions are easy when the choice was not yours to make.
thank you Carl!!
308 tweets and 308 followers... 308 is the magic number.
oh tanks :3
okay kid, one more lame dubstep song or lil wayne song and you're getting all the metal i got cranked the whole way up
Well awesome for you that have never been called out.
ok! thx for not laughing at my dumb joke....
Looks Good Enjoy!
": Productive day :) How be thee? Smiling? :D" Productive as well, thanks!
Nigga on twitter crying , then said we bitch made boy you complain bout everything , ok though . lol
this one made me LOL.
Don't let the rain stop you from coming out. $1 blue moons start NOW!!
right! That's what I kept experiencing. I.e. if u open via mobile it forces u to download the image. Tried to learn html lol...
That's awesome! I did volunteer recruitment & management for Catholic Charities in Nola. What area of librarianship are you in?
Haha. I always hear that from straight men. What's the deal, man? Plus, you don't call. You don't write. Sheesh!
tonight it's the worlds biggest firmans parade in Winchester as part of the Apple Blossom festival.
Americans with hidden offshore accounts have until Aug.31 to come forward voluntarily and report the to the I.R.S. in exchange for penalties
good bye rushers i can't deal anaymore w/ my 4 bullies
I wish I had another burger.
A3: Wieners Circle! Bring the kids! :)
happy Easter to you too <3
I'm so busy, I have to order pizza.
Some marketers fail because they don't understand their target market & build funnels that don't work for them
Talk about a manic monday!
via : Moved the floor under the chairs... then managed to delete (?) the floor. Good news is the stuff is there.
Love little Reese!! Please give her a big birthday hug from me and put some extra goodies in her purse :)
#Iwill Never forget.
I did hear that one, super sick
You must give in order to get.
Diner: "I come all the time and Jason the owner knows me" (directed at me). Me: I'll be sure to let him know you came by.
Marcia Bates blows us away - the ISs are a metadiscipline that can actually unify us.
it is truly amazing how many volunteers I still see working everyday!
Thank you for the #FF! Ian, come get your special poster next time you're downtown!
I put you up to a challenge without you even noticing and you failed at that it show's what kind of girl you are the kind that doesnt care
#congratsjustin so surprised to see you!!
Attending the After After Party filming tonight, hosted by , Steven Michael Quezada. Join us! will be providing wardrobe.
!! I saw that one a while ago, but before I knew who she was. A re-watch doesn't render the hiccups any less hilarious.
Walking through universal and comes on.. #jammin iyiyi
movie time:)
I hate how, someone likes me more than I like them.
It's Insurance: Extreme Edition
Hahahaha oh god
yeah, he certainly had an interesting way to "lead". But build A-teams he did.
Thursday Pollen Count | 9.6 out of 12.. Constant & seasonally normal weather conditions stabilize pollen concentrations outside.
Smh some people can be straight up disrespectful -.- .
It's all fun & games until you realize your capri sun has no straw..
People always let you down? Why don't you forget them and do something for yourself?
You don't have to be in Texas to love KXT. Check 'em out and feel the love!
follows please go and follow my best friend :)
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. :-P
Omg stop texting me....you're getting really annoying
Kershaw is done after 7 innings
career. so DO IT. okay, that is all(:
TONIGHT: #RevolutionSaturdays Hosted By: Sounds By: | 2 x 1 Drinks Reservations:
#GoTribe Hey, guess who's still in 1st place in the AL Central?
that's how we do!
lmfao u safe by the airport bro lol
A clean, bright, healthy complexion is the result of facials done on a regular basis. Men, this means u 2!
that's when you write my number on his receipts. Duh, Rob. ;)
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 8
I can neither confirm nor deny that I licked the Gum Wall. But I can confirm that I poured hand sanitizer down my throat.
Haha!!! No, just Nutria sound disgusting to eat.
Can we get a Palm Springs trip together? I say YES!
hi babycakes!!! I love you big much and hope you enjoyed #Chronicle as much as i did
And by three words, I mean four. Just tucking into my first cup of coffee.
Besides its potency, it's also the only substance shown to activate the SIRT-1 "longevity gene" in clinical research.
I don't believe in tl;dr.
Tune into Classical 94.5 #WNED right now to hear Peter Hall interview Joshua Bell about his concert with the BPO this weekend!
That's all we would be hearing forget the haters it's really going to suck after the lock out when we come back and repeat then Teddy can
I think some people are spreading rumors. D;
is a natural yogini!
Thanks for watching "Sorry to bother you." :-)
bring your own mom? Lol.
Probably around 6 it's on a Saturday. Hopefully we get the jams this week
youtube in class bored
studio with doza,tryna drop a track or 2 tonight
The #GSA suspended an employee award program cited by congressional investigators for exceeding spending limits.
that's your own fault! You knew when you went there where that was headed..lol!!
dont worry about someone who doesnt worry about you. -
Thanks to you I now have Shady & KI ringtone! Yay!
I'm wearing a freemasons freemason jacket at this party and he's mad salty. I wonder why....
das what they call me on ze weekend;p
you & my sister are like twins lol & she's like in love with you c:
Uh oh, I hear voices giggling... It's too early!
Follow Mee ! ii need followers !! PLEASE
Watching Mad Men just really makes me wish I was born in the 60s
28 followers already.... Help me get to 100 by the end of the week!!!!!!
I dont know who that is, but hes a genius
The Bean, Sears Tower, shopping and whatever else today. And then tonight I'm going to 's book signing for LONE WOLF. :)
Its hot as fuck :(
Like forreal, I can't say thank you enough. Lmao. It's a weird, but good feeling!
that's probably as much as they're gonna be. I don't think they'll be more than that.
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
: Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party! ~ Williams, Robin
yeah me too! sorry i was showing my mam some shoes and then ate apple pie! i got to go tweet you tomorow BYE! xx
Just met a guy working for Doppelmayr, the ski lift company, in Brazil. Rio is working on installing gondolas to service favelas!
Never easy....
Do I always have to text you firsit >_<
That joke never gets old!
Casino time
Randy Jones Sports Grill is PACKED with #Aztec fans!! Standing room only! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin!!
“: if I lived on the bayou IDE be kickin it wit jpaul ctchin 15 footers” your damn straight on that
want to do a 5k at the end of may?
Looks like they're re-finishing the stage in Capi. Which is like gold plating dog crap. You have something gold, but its still crap.
Hip moko faal, Hop moko fooli. Congrats. The job is just starting though, please senegal stand up door war!
follow me and remember me, that we the best.
Can students or alumni contribute to WolfWalk?
; this negro playing w/ my emotions, black people can't never plan shit correctly.
So, my hopes to play Diablo 3 keep getting 37'ed so It looks like this "constant internet connection" model is gonna screw me over...
You are very welcome. Thanks for the compliment. Have you had a chance to check out our site and create a profile? Thoughts?
All day... Lol >>RT : that lady's video on YouTube still has me crackin' up!!!
You're welcome ;-) Please follow back. We have many Frederick County students and staff.
So about to do something drastic to my hair but I'm not cutting it.
Marvels aat a town that informs you of the grade of syrup in your maple soft serve
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her♥
Donald Trump has just reversed his endorsement of Mitch Romney, stating.."The Donald now endorses Tracy Jordan".
So if all I do is grind & never sleep, then how the hell am I suppose to meet the girl of my dreams?
#Clippers have had chances to make the #Spurs get real uncomfortable these last 3 trips. One of those sequences you forget on box score.
Thanks, , for talking up with !
Adding knowledge of the legal environment to list of skills for hum. data curators?
I've never been to London! Sounds like a fun vacation for me and the Family!
great line up. Just finish a few Misery Bay.
I don't know if the dms I send you are legal to be read in public on Twitter..
I say WTF, but Sarah Palin? She should say "Heavens to Betsy."
HEY. GUESS WHAT? I LUFF YEW.
NW Atl. Tip look young as hell
come see us at the show again. We loved having you on TMI Live!
Stonehill&#39;s Nick Smith new Assumption AD
Is it great for the pharmacist or the patient? who likes it?
I'm curious...has anyone ever kept track of how many times in ONE day you've used #Google? (including Google Maps)
oh nothing..nothing at all..where you crashing?
How fast can I type/write a newsletter
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
College: Report: Kansas' Sims arrested on DUI charges Kansas Jayhawks junior running back James Sims was arrested early Sunday morning o
heard it brodie
watch Smash faithfully, todays shoot airs in 3 weeks and she is something else here, Tonight on NBC, Smash is all new.
Accidently setting you're alarm to 7 AM after you woke up at 6:30 AM the day before absolutely sucks
mine has not done it in a while.. it gets annoying -_-
oh my gosh 13k in the rain?! Stay warm!
Day off in #NYC. Anyone have any "must sees" that they'd suggest?
Things we can learn from the Book of Daniel. Decide in advance to have purity and integrity in your work.
Tonight is the night! The Marquis Hill Black-tet feat. Sarah Marie Young LIVE at Red Kiva! See you there! Show starts at 7:30 PM!
Counting down the days for the National Equality March. Ready to have LOTS queer youth voices be heard!!!
2 things about this restaurant: the toilet seat has controlled temperature capabilites, and they play klezmer music in between Rihanna songs
11 or so new ideas are all on tape. a little this or that still to be done. next, rehearsals!
Our 1914 icebox sits over a 3-lb lead sheet w/an old well beneath. Walls may be lined w/tin, zinc, cork, seaweed, other....
I'm busy raging in the sahara tent. Dan Akroyd has webbed feet.
Happy Birthday Glenis Dee look forward to seeing you at the Maryland Dancesport Championships
TWITTER MAKE U FEEL FAMOUS... DONT IT?! ha
oh no! Total waste
Has finished a new Rock House DVD.Arpeggio Madness is complete! look out for Rusty Cooley's awesomest Instructional product to ever release!
#Brewers making me vomit rt now. And now Braun is hurt. This season is F'd.
hi!! It will be up any day now! THANK YOU for the support!! It will be posted on tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
I've always wondered why there's not a banana Emoji...
There are people still complaining about Obama's Nobel Prize, and they expect to be taken seriously. This bothers me. #askmewhy!
you can text me too 👍
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 557 calories burned.
Seems like platforms will emerge to enable that ...
Yes. Don't quite remember where I read it, but I recall seeing say as much in the past.
Only real significant New Deal accomplishment of 2nd term is 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act, and that's mostly a cong. creation.
Question of the Day: What song should I sing at the #Inbound2012 Karaoke Party?
lol okay! You know how it is.
When you call me beautiful<3
think I'm gonna stay at the friendly confines
I am loyal to those who have placed their trust in me. Even with a deep sense of commitment to be successful, I use good moral judgment.
that's good(:
sick as fck I hope camilla beat her ass lol
Don't assume anything...
🎶dilemma🎶 #throwback frfr early high school memories
So just sayin...did #espn just jinx Lohse? Showed the only opening day no hitter stat and then Jose gets a hit!
empty jars should be the new wine glasses
Lol your welcome, so hey!
Started planning for a new project...excited :)
T-PAIN? Thats great news! Let's talk soon about visuals and next video shoot. Whats deadline for T-Pain?
Damn hoe yo nail polish look old as u
You're like the coolest celebrity mom Ever! You're so grounded and you didn't let fame attract you!
Well here we go again...
Lack of commitment! 7:30 CDST, you shoulda knocked back 5-6 by now. Talk to she'll get you straightened out!
#fomo ? Furious homo?
Across the street from the new amazon site. Maybe cooling towers for AWS?
Happy Anything Can Happen Tuesday, the philosophy that each day is just a little better then the last..
The rescinded CP3 trade was the beginning of the end for the Lakers. Pau was a ghost last night.
“: i miss miami #mansion/myntlife” come back
"What is forgiven is usually well remembered."
Jared Leto's eyes are prettier in person.
People, there is no need to yell to talk to a person right beside you
Thanks. Just looked this up. I just discovered Chinua Achebe thanks to
Just finished mixing the 3 demos. They sound pretty okay!
RT : It's not the Truth we can't handle. It's forgiving the lie. - Will Nesbitt, The Inner Seed
Watching FRIENDS ZONE damn this show is totally awesome-- :)
I for one will wear tights happily. Will I see you tomorrow at Skinny's for the librarian drinkup?
Ladies and gentlemen. This is macadelic. You MOTHERFUCKER. Ah… #nowplaying Loud.
Haha lol wierdo im listening to "I remember me" by jenifer h. on da tv... da station channel :)
Poynter's Iron Pit is taking over this town, What's these pansy gyms gonna do now?
noo dont drop out!! your what makes the class funny! i think yall are hilarious!(:
is ready for Cinco de Mayo too. We'll have $5 #margaritas!
Got 1 here as well. Jello Shots anyone!!! Yea tailgate at the house!!!
haha put some hot sauce on him first
hey Charlie, turns out I work with a friend of yours Andre Houston
Welcome to the day runners get the right of way.
My love extended his stay here in MI!!! I love him :)
greinke waved the no trade when the brewers added marcum last year. could he be waiting for more of a commitment to winning?
Happy Australia day
YES! is the BEST!! RT I think a little bird told me that. How awesome. rocks, doesn't it?
11:11 I wish would follow me :)
Thanks for the shout out. Hope you follow back so we can have some good interaction :)
The #Celtics are too smart for the Sixers. Basketball IQ will be the difference in this series.
Wow. On Wednesday, I made reservations for 12:30 pm. Hope they honor the reservation, even if I don't get the specialer deal.
I am looking forward to the monday nighter vs Denver and also the game vs Pitt on the road.
Finna call and check on adrienna
you mean cause u follow all those 128 ppl???right
Cheers , have a great weekend.
Protestors demand higher taxes which go to the very people they are protesting against. Where is the logic in that?
enjoy the night out with Lil sister
I been chilling. How u been.
Follow the band!
can't wait until her phone actually works with Twitter and she doesn't have to update every four days.
Totally agree with both of you. Couldn't tear my ipad away, but I MUST have my mbp. Susan
yes, but a temp mistake, so many were coming through that it looked liked spam to servers
More than likely, no.
Took a top 5 finish in my golf tourney today!!
He stepped out!
Good nite twitter I have basketball practice in the morning with and
The face of an angel.
Just wrote a 2 page paper on my booty. It was all about how I want a bootylishous booty like my teacher ;D lmao
im going to buy her album in the future
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never ever have enough.
Unfortunately, mainstream politicians on both sides of the aisle seem to continue to embrace/defend NCLB.
But Meryl may walk away with it.
Great meeting you in London! Lets keep in touch bro!
Bt I'm kinda sleepy thinkin I should go to sllep lol
The way you can tell I don't pay attention with the world is I just found out ryan dunn is dead
You're getting everything you deserve lol.
I forgot how much I love FEAR the record. It was stolen along with a book of cd's one Coachella many years ago in Indio, CA.
Will the draft make military more egalitarian? Is this a poor mans war fighting to keep everyone safe here in the US?
Los Angeles CA: I will be at the LIFE celebration (Breast Cancer Awareness Event) tonight on Wilshire. If you are there, come up and say hi.
Fair enough. My secondary motivation is personal doc work and unfortunately the Epic is just a little too pricy for that.
Wow, lichtenstein's sleeping girl is worth 30 million bucks.
RT : Going out tonight? Dine at Meritage - 25% of your total bill goes to Make a difference for kids with
im in thomasville sweets
thanks for the follow-back Cris :) xoxo
haha cant wait too listen in the morning so u can give chuck a tebow slap lol
you just got my hopes up damnit.
Amen! I'll take any car, doesn't have to be a town car. “: Someone should make an uber clone that isn't über expensive”
Late tweet but I meet afterschool. {:
You should homie!
Aren't most "big event" sales corp purchases? RT : Is Thunder such a hot ticket because owner's company bought so many tickets?
when can we expect SRT to work its magic?
help me spread the word of 28 year old missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
Just caught a private showing of "up". Really amazing and touching. Pixar has done a great job. See it! Reviewers don't lie!
Dear Yelp, it's called an update. Sincerely, my eyes
And just hours after your post and my adding the photo. Twilight zonish....
the family. We are going out to eat somewhere nice
Having Manu Chao stuck in my head is always a good thing. Happy Monday tweeps!
it is crunch time and I am feeling the pressure.
Great day to be at Keeneland. Wish I was there.
DONT BREAK A HIP :)
now ur just coming off as stupid
#Greece gets bailout. Allowed to have its debt written down by 75% Slippery slope. What happens if Portugal, Italy and others ask same?
getting rear ended on the way home from church...not very Christlike...
nah I'm stuck on  but sg2/3 is nice Lol
is amazing! :D
Check out Chef Andrew Nam on ABC15 "NOW" @ 3pm. Culinary mastermind behind
The worst part about buying groceries so late is that everyone is asleep when u get home. Time 2 unload alone. I get the first Oreo though.
how Atlanta life Mikey?
I will pass this along to the teacher I am working with! Thx!
Happy International Women's Day :D
I'm just doin me
i'll let you know if I hear anything.
I will drunk tweet enough for the both of us ;)
bought to grub out on some pozole right noww
what?!?! I thought you were into that stuff ... Damn :(
thanks so much!!! :)
The NFL during the off season is kinda like Days of our Lives for dudes.
So excited for to photograph an invitation set for us tonight!
finally got to the gumbo. it's fantastic. thanks!!
Planning on having anymore kids?? Gideon and Harper are so adorable!! 😱😊😄
You can tell a lot about a man by how seriously he takes his word.
LOL! I'm working on it ;-)
Is there an RSS feed for the Kairos site ()? Can't seem to find one...
Who's in? RT $1 tickets, hot dogs, popcorn & peanuts for Monday's game? Yes please!
Dude im still in heavy morning over Cuse. I can't think about basketball right now.
BOO FROG @ PLAN B Thursday 16th
My vans are so beat to hell. Oh well
Football has started!!!
Bug in coffee= protein infusion
S/O to go follow him, he follow back
"I know he got a wife at home, but I need just one night alone."
Aww I missed you too 😌
Yes, sounds good. Plus, it's Sully's birthday that day. No better place to celebrate than at !
Better him than Ed Cunningham, who sends me into a pledge week downward spiral of despair.
You know you're in nursing school when you leave a med-surg exam and almost everyone is crying.
Listening to Tony, Toni, Tone on Spotify. Awesome - gotta love social media!
how have I gone so long with using that "Replace Fonts" function in power point. so much time wasted!
down town ..... but the school is taking us
See You There :D And Thank you! (: Cant Wait!
haha Robyn is number 2 :p
its crazy how you can have one of the best days with someone and the next, they avoid you.
gotcha... I'm glad to hear that ;)
that does seem alittle high in price... Don't get mad at Mike.. he didn't charge ya..
I love you!!
My anthem lol thank you bitch oh & WHERE'S THE
Had a really good day w/ the fam and friends. I am still stuff from all the food but all well worth it :)
When I'm not traveling, I'm daydreaming about it.
Ha! Man, it's been a min for real. I'm trying to be GREAT!
I've got the cutest idea for my anniversary with , just need luck to be on my side ><
well you guys have fun. Im gonna play some MINECRAFT! >=]
whats the matter my love? :o RT I need right now. ):
Can't wait for summer to go to the lake ☀🏊😌
I assume that's a no then. RT : O_o that sounds sick dude RT
Password changed, problem solved, apparently.
#TheLord always comes through
Just leaving work making my $$$$$ omw to school I'm gon learn today lol later peeps
Tough to see go down but you gotta tip your cap to Chelsea... never count out an
17 bobby pins.
hey boo
Feeling a little bit better about Rask being out with Khudobin throwing a 1 goal 44 save night in his #Bruins debut!
why what's your last name
Truth RT : RT“: Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions. ...”
QuoteDeck for iPhone is now free as well for today
follow this band called ! you'd love them! :)
Last call! #Browns win, so can you. RT for a chance to win a FREE copy of "On Being Brown." Winner picked at 3:30 today.
Thank you! I will suggest Graffito as a pre-bachelorette dinner...Enjoy the beutiful day!
You're very welcome- loved it :)
it just got well quiet in the living room.... i think my flatmates have gone to bed. now im slightly afraid to go to the toilet.
lol. what a stupid funny video. I liked it when he fell.
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
It just doesn't matter that it's been 100 years. "Concerning the Spiritual in Art" is still the shit.
Happy Birthday from Tennessee. :)
I can wait for my eternity. This city needs a new superhero. There are too many masked villains for the veterans to handle.
go then
Forty days and forty nights until the Chicago Zine Fest. Not implying anything.
Can I get your lips to speak my name now.
Say this for Darnell McDonald. He fits right in with the Red Sox bullpen.
Check out the tripled kids chapter and series sections. More Junie B Jones and Magic Tree House and Roald Dahl and Beverly Cleary and ...
Protest flyer against vigil for #toomanyvictims sez "it is possible some of the victims" of violence are illegal & their deaths no loss.
Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't there a job shortage in field for people with MASTERS degrees?
we haven't yet, but we definitely curious to experiment with games, so excited to learn more at this session...
no! You're so sososoososososoos so much more amazing!!!:)
If North Carolina wanted to stop gay sex they would be all for gay marriage, right?
A BIG thank you to everyone who came out to the Pet Fiesta today and showed their support for Pets for Vets!
looking 4 affordable, healthy & delish #breakfast?! Try our #eggwhites, turkey + swiss wrap from the breakfast grill!
Was there Lantern video of y'all doing ramen?
Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Hope you have a wonderful day with your family.
#hardestThingToDo is not to laugh at these viagra commercials
I'm addicted to being organized. To a fault. LOL. Just got
Please follow
Always here to listen to your advices. You inspire me to create better apps. Yeah, Mac app is my life.
EVERY Wed. night I look forward to watching Comedy Central, and it NEVER disappoints. Thank you, Matt, Trey & Nick. Thank. You.
RT : Who needs an interior designer if u have #houzz...IDEA only as good as it gets directed & executed . FROM A PROFESSIONAL
Anyone who hates a Christian brother or sister is living and walking in darkness. Such a person is lost.. 1 John 2:11
Tim Tebow is a Star...like it or not...and as long as he WINS the Broncos would be foolish to look elsewhere for a QB
Just read about 2nd person 2 jump off of bridge in SanDiego - we need to be there for our ppl. Even if u think all is good - u nvr knw
Finally back on track with #insanity. Feels soo good
Hallelujah! ---- /=] "I don't really care about the design or care about the content at all."
If u USPS wouldnt have been on that BS & delivered when they said they would I woulda been working tonight
You need to listen to the audiobook! It is read by Wil Wheaton!
Eating sourkraut & pork today for that new years tradition!
Hey Cakers! It's almost time for another giveaway! Any suggestions? What would you like to win?
I'm so hungry I could fuck a horse
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! ♥ I , we , love you so much"!
Getting ready to check out the Myeloma Media Workshop at #ASH11. Looking forward to seeing the Int'l Myeloma Foundation team!
Check out our facebook page for pictures of our social media window art. Make sure to "like" your favorites. Most likes gets a free lunch!
You can hate me now, but I won't stop now, cause I can't stop now...
Tomorrow night we will be debuting our new Fiver Children's Foundation t-shirt at the 2012 Benefit!
Savannah & Her Cartoons >>>>>> Especially To Gabba Gabba.
Oh, that sounds just awful. RT Then stay up all night!
Facebook’s Caryn Marooney and Former World Economic Forum Digital Head Matthias Lüfkens to Keynote at The PRSA 2012 Digital Im
Played 11:11 because it was stuck in my head and showed my friend 's AMAZING singing and now we have a new #MAHOMIE #Proud <3
was an ATM today! In a good way!
Hi I was wondering when your next class at Georgetown is, I didn't see you in the summer sessions.
I knew there was something fishy about this story! thanks for reporting!!!
Coverwork done; now to the recording studio for the Math Metronome Sentences;(audio, visual, tactile, kinesthetic exercises for math)
Night! I'm trying to get my ass out the door so Leenah dog stops sighing and moaning.
RT : If you like ribs, check out - it will keep you coming back to Chicago.
Chillin to can I get in the shower with you?? ;)
Every night I tell myself that I'll be going to bed super early! But I always go to sleep at this time .. Ugh & tomorrow is only Tuesday 😔
Indians might not have any feet left. Over the last week they have shot themselves in the foot at least a dozen times.
I hate when people dont fucking think about what they say..
Online Poker Fat and Slim Stack Tournaments Arrive at Carbon
♬ 1963 12 yr old Stevie Wonder, first ever artist 2 have consecutive No.1 Album & Single in charts same week, also first No.1 live single ♬
Glad to know that you sleep! You seem like you are awake 24/7!
Get Lucas & Gibson in the game NOW.
Re: Ped Oncology - I'm going to do Capstone research in this area ... I like the tips for providing family-centered care.
Well, damn. They put a cupcake stand right next to the playground. Those monsters! (wiping frosting from both cheeks)
In Philly @ Penn with my bro...ready for an omelet n java!!!
Sorry if anyone received spam from me. I was hacked! Do not open any links from weight loss. It's not me! Thanks!
If protesters really want to stick it to wall street, they'll go to the WH.Obama received approximately $3, 700,000 more than GWB from them
their magnitude but because of the minutiae. Furthermore, the purpose of the law was to cleanse the pollutions of the body, not to sanctify
Turning up the heat inside the house to 82 so that I can truly feel like I'm in Pasadena.
I'm about to watch #StarTrek - Yoda would be a #StarTrek fan. #StarWars is great. I don't know what I like better.
Where's the MSCHE Twitter feed? Lol
did u say that so sumbody would tell u its not?lol
if you get me my ring , I'll get you some js
have you considered the UMC
I mean damn if you dont want her no more just let her know instead of lettin her fall in love with you and you know yall thru
YEESS!!! This time I'm most definitely getting the VIP Pack!
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck on your Oct 1 fight in AC.
Shot out to my fellow 6am gym goers!
Good Morning & Happy Easter!!
Thx Homie & Got the W too!!
IE, You can put one license on the metadata, and another on the image.
Thanks for the welcome! :)
Overcast and Kinda chilly in Chicago today, but it feels good just to Relax, Chill and NOT talk on the phone :-)
important decisions for YAA that our Twitter page was FREE marketing and FREE world wide publicity for YAA. Thanks to our YAA followers,
RT Vintage photo: Labor Day Parade, Los Angeles 1933. on.fb.me/r5db3U
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars just plain embarrassing , how do you announce Gerrard as starting QB than cut him, front office i...
Looking for female models to pose with different urban, streetwear hoodies and famous stylish dresses. (Compensation + Free Clothes). DM
Getting ready to watch dbacks play dodgers
Mom was very upset and hurt at the assessment. She states I am not old, I will walk home if you leave me here. Advise?
#313DLove Can't leave out the Rivera murals at the DIA...
is the map online? Would love to see it.
Thanks for the Brunch shout out! Can't wait to see what happens with everyone's souffles!
I have neva seen so many 40 year old rappers in my life lol give it up and get you a 401k or sumthin if u ain't got on yet its not happening
no I was joking (:
Success is Not so Much What we Have as it is What we Are. ~Jim Rohn
Sucks niggas don't tweet anymore too much going on lmao
4949 Lounge is a popular hotspot. 4949 Lounge features a house mix by live DJs every Friday nights from 9 p.m.-3 a.m.
i turn 13 in july you?
President Obama released statement on 's #INSen loss. Calls Lugar "friend," says he appreciates Lugar's bipartisanship
New pics! Hell freaking yeah! Brb
lol ive clearly been tweetin not just directed at u
Kyrah is a lame.....she said something to me that I can't repeat
Why doesn't your site run like a business? Managing my online account s/b simple. No help available online or by phone.
This is mile 20 of the marathon, the point where I hate myself for deciding to run it in the first place.
She Said I Dont Trust This Party !
i love australian accents ok
I can't. I just. He.
Oh, Billy. Next to the Indian and the Arctic, you are my favorite Ocean.
so true
Thanks for RTing :)
Thanks for following us, St.Xchange! Keep up the important work!
we are in the exact same building just 2 floors above the current space.
that's what I'm thinking! Spurs are waay better equipped to handle them this time!
I do not feel good at al!
"neutered Kesler" love it!
Has the release date for the Nokia Play 360 been announced? Pricing? I'm thinking about one for the kitchen...
i was watching my fav show of Sunday Night,and i was melting with the heat -.-
1 of my favs. So true. RT : “If you don’t like change, you’re going to like irrelevance even less.”
Some #Texas #CRE pros from our List.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you understand what anuptaphobia is and will help me fix it.
thats how we do it! We winn..... I love adele too but, one direction.... There was better (;
They playin hard this year #allstargame. Lookin like a Classic on the rise
I wonder how much time I actually waste just looking at my phone doing absolutely nothing.
Cantinetta noodles...was really good!
As long as you keep posting these, I'm going to keep retweeting them.
No body ever wants to tweet me any more
« you ok alf?» yea, im fine. (: just one of those nights.
I'm trying babe. You go to bed
Surprised that you guys are starting a conversation here?
what I'm 9- close... Blahh
i don't get the whole "no pants" appeal of working from home. when i'm home all day, i usually wear pants. comfy pants, yes. but still pants
Thanks for the #FollowFriday love! It is very much appreciated!
A highly respected cardiologist just spent an hour with me breaking down the health care system.. Pure wisdom
Looks like Johnathon Vilma just lost all ability to complain today....
Honored to host a rental today for some folks from the Seattle City Council. Great way to serve our neighborhood & city of Seattle.
thank you, shout out back to you
Oates: art enhances, even redeems, domestic reality
I have a ways to go..
I like to eat different kind of small seeds w/ each meals to I know what meals give me crippling gas pains and diarrhea
too damn long. RT : how long has it been since a real housewife released a single?
Left behind my visa card, and got some freelance design work at #FavaTea! 2012, you are already looking better!
** Hello fellow author, Following you on Facebook too
Orlando (suburbs,) the city beautiful.
goodmorning beautiful(: see you at school!!(:
just got it...sweet!!
I support them 100%
Yes, be scared. Be very, scared
Today's #indieview chat is about #interns! With the summer "semester" coming up, they seem to be everywhere!
I've got a fever and the only prescription is more cowbell.
#nowplaying the crimson - Atreyu best song I've heard all day.
I know all 3 of ours were... :)
Hello Twitter World !
: nothing more frightening to me than a meal with the wife of Hope has my back.
Munching some orange for late night snack. It's a great source of fiber and vitamin C (116%!!). Medium orange has only 68 calories
wow-Im SO surprised!
Time for work. Oy.
Thanks for your support! #AIDSWalk12 RT : Excited to be doing the AIDS Walk this Sunday!
Homeroom is so boring >.>
Living Young and Wild And Free :)
. LOL! It was great "running" into you both yesterday. I love that AMT! I swear I could to an hour on that thing. Maybe tomorrow. :)
Brossart picks up 1st loss of the yr loosing by 2 to Bowling Green.
A woman just walked by me with an unlit cigarette and an open can of steel reserve
Undefined by >>>>
im in 10th grade:) you?
wanted to start a new #. I thought it'd be funny to use it where it didn't make any sense.
Going to Canada for 5 months to work on a feature film. Needless to say I'm stoked.
It's great! How are you Jessi?
Finally we get to see an NBA season, after 149 days.
I'm thrilled! Contact Elaine Gilliam directly to see if there's a room left.
pregnant people are gross when they try to look hawt .. its like bitch your fucking gross
Guarino takes the stand, takes the oath.
It's a huge step for a world leader to come on international television and say that. Words make differences, it's how things are started.
Usability research should be geared more towards helping practitioners. Sounds good to this practitioner! #chi2012 16ab
Today's gift card winner is Sydney Anne Heath. Congratulations!
love this. I don't know which one I identify with more :-0
LOL!! RT : Can u new niggas stop putting an s on the end of Nordstrom, plleeaassee?!?!
<--Glad you 2 could meet! 2 very talented young musicians! thanks for coming on r show!
I don't condone flopping but can you blame the players for taking advantage of these ignorant NBA referees?
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Closed tonight for maintenance, bi-annual rubbing down of the upholstery with mink oil.
let me know how is goes! Where you at on the line up?
Building up endurance on your fast double bass hurts -_-
#HowToSpend100Billion iTunes cards = great idea!
It is now the norm to access internet from small, mobile devices
Tired! Big weekend ahead. Gonna have my bourbon flowin.
lmfao this one mean person is talking bad bout u
Thanks for the follows, !
Jhonny. One more time?
you did tell me so and THANK YOU!
I'll say it: Prezi is a clunky unprofessional fad.
The #Bulls are probably done, but good heart last night, no matter how ugly. Just isn't their year. Someone needs to beat the Heat, though.
Well, if it makes you feel better (or worse), 0.000001% of us in the United States have any idea who he is.
nope. I don't apply everyday. I have a few regular takers and stick with them, though I periodically try to expand scope.
I hate my spanish class my teacher is retarded seriously she hasn't thought us any spanish and school is over in 20 days
I don't know how he stays inbounds.
we shoulda got lunch
Happy Mothers Day to my lil sister Lov U!
Searching for wine tasting events in LA...
Fantastic visit with the amazing and ever growing sales team
I used to put Bacardi in my Arizona bottle last year because it would get me through the day at school. I was a fuck up.
uh :P
i've been wanting starbucks for a little less than a year but i dont want to shatter the last memory i have when i was there :)
The new economy: PPS (Product, Sevice, or Platform). This is the new pension plan. You better be shipping!!
spent some time with the fine folks at before they flew back to NY. Really impressed w/ their passion & results so far! ^dw
not weird but very interesting. lol. conjunction junction!
Biggest Pet Peeve: being lied to, when i know the truth... smh
no worries. :)
Your goal is to out hit, and out score the opponent. --Rick Manning What a fucking jackass
looking forward to it :)
congrats on your run time
what's on?
Tip: add a QR code to your Yellowpages listing to create a dynamic, interactive ad that gets you more business! Contact me to find out how!
Author, sure, although I'm still working on the big time. :)
Successful cover photo shoot in Rancho Santa Fe! Go team!!
hahaha Dwight was out the whole series.
GC Tucson, pretty quiet. Some dude sits down at a keyboard and whips out Foreplay by Boston, then a bunch of Keith Emerson riffs. Cool!!!
It really hurts when you expected so much more from the person you once loved so much
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer47
Headed to Club to support tonight! So excited :)
the #OneThing making me smile is knowing i get to see u in concert in CHICAGO(:
Hello! Heck ya - anytime. Had a great time hanging out - lunch/photo sesh soon.
Lots of new followers/followees this week but and are at the top of the list
Super bowl halftime show w/ madonna, nicki minaj, cee-lo, yea they got it in
Attention all artist who are trying to get extra exposure contact me: to be considered for our
yeah :( I have to work at 8pm on Wednesday I forgot. I'm free tomorrow after 3:30p or Friday after 3:30
Feel better soon. Don't wait to long to see the doctor.
Second game isn't complete, so I don't want to shortchange But he's heading for a 405-RBI season.
hahah thank you!! how r u?
Let's go !
John Carter's "astral projection" from the books would have come off as hokey today. Hollywood solution: eliminate it, substitute jewelry.
such a little bitch :( im sorry, you guys need to stay tonight!
And on that note, I'm gonna' go take a shit.
Hasn't there been a tacit agreement for decades to leave WH kids alone? Seems like Obamas aren't breaking new ground here
its funny how once the sun goes down and im the only one up, im scared to walk through my own house.
#SomeWomenCantStand seeing another women doing better than them
Tailgating tomorrow Barbacoa on the menu, charo beans and all the fixings. Lets look forward to a big win!!
"Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction."- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
what song?
Goodnight, God Bless (:
AMAZING! I LOVE How It's All Dramatic! You're Truly AMAZING & My BIGGEST Inspiration!
that makes two of us.
Way to go AM Pens. Championship game :00
I keep on falling in and out of love with you...
Aww man! I forgot summer countdown at 1:16 D: Anyways who do u still tlk too from DW?
Very interesting - can't wait to learn more! (typical public response?) Keep up the great work!
yeah with me alky
Hey! Thanks for the follow Warren. How are things out in Issaquah? Seen any snow yet this year....?
me too lol
2xIPA now on draft.
I think that means you could by the handle for 1 million dollars. Wouldn't hurt to try.
ANYONE interested in being a site model DM me!
Some early commercial shots this morning.
And I you!
My sister is so funny. Ive been dying for a hour. Cryin. Yep im home. Well on my way to my house. But home as in Pittsburgh
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
Loving the local baked apple dish today!
the Church Tennis, Tetherball and Twerk Team..so 4T
Based on your tweets i figured Milbury was a tool on VS. last night, but i didnt see it. Can you fill me in?
Writing music 4 a commercial..pleased w/ the progression + melody & want 2 move forward but all I can think about is tennis & pancakes.
Thanks for the mention!!
New #AVI CHECK IT OUT
Watching #TheVow with my Nan and mom for #MothersDay... How sweet.
FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR VISUAL IMAGE studio5one2gmail.com
please,follow me in my twitter,i love you lady gaga,
it's out of pure laziness. Tim Zeilstra dominates by only setting his lineup 1x/month.
haha well we can only hope the delivery address was correct.
“: I wish Nicki Minaj would sing a song in English so I'd know if I like her.”
Plane ticket: $240 festival ticket: $150 other expenses: $200 : priceless
OMG YES SS501 YESS. OMG YES
Looking @ yo shit you sound old and lame Smh
He already has in so many ways!! Thank you!!
text HIT then your message to 898262 *Msg and data rates may aply* ... I want you to crowd it with one direction infection !!!!!
The mere passing through an academy or college, is not education. (1850)
"Some people come into your life and you just know you will never be able to replace them if they leave"
like Following
Thanks for the RT!
Toni is amazing singer/sonwriter & friend 2 CTJR beautiful person. 2011 voted by 10,000 that tune in as best R&B singer
Join us in the Pearl at 4p today; 7 wineries from around here are tasting wine to benefit the
thanks man!! Challenge excepted. :)
it's going to fly now. The tech has matured, the mindset has changed. And there's #memento , crucial for annotating web resources
I have A coupon But i Lost it.......Take it and go away!(:Hha
This not living by the beach business bites! All I want to do tonight is walk barefoot by the the shore.
A lil #Sazerac before I head home :)
We named her Dixie. Did you see the pics? “: Excellent! I'm so happy for you getting a puppy! What's it's name?”
-- Thanks George. Linked in jumped the gun a bit. It's this coming Sunday. But I'll take the good wishes now!
Debbie DePeel is on-point with her plethora of emails today...
's Deco-Fest.com fundraiser is TONIGHT! Come support it with 4 a chance 2 win free tickets 2 RhythmShuffle.com
Ok, I've taken the really good prescription cough syrup...must go u.p and Z before I fall asleep on the couch.
you know i love you so....
When i was a youngin never was cash disability
#ideas2action Bondmass: grades are first thing we look at when admitting students. Then we look at qualitative markers.
Wish I was at Denver march powwow :/
The most amazing smile goes to <3
I have just started using it and got a mobile map and just got it to display data from geoserver WMS. Love it!
Why do elected officials and staff get bent out of shape when "we the people" voice our opinion? Do they not realize they are the servants?
"I need 2,000 bucks, a new engine, or a miracle." "Maybe I'm your miracle!" ;) hahaha
Got new shoes for work. Had to get tennis shoes because my feet hurt, but they had some white on them so whipped out the sharpie!
a conversation should never B a rhetorical contest 2 gain dominance; it's a tool 4 mutual enlightenment between civil people
Wishing everyone in the PCOM family and their friends a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
the hell? You dont even talk to me.lol
cant figure out what to get for lunch...I'm leaning towards getting bar food down the street at Jackson's pub
Have you checked your keyword strategy lately? Trends and stats change....update your plan
Guess that would be, Angry Birds Space-needle
sorry, off of mcgloughlin, on Milwaukee ave.
is that dude. Keep watching his moves! And I ain't just talking TV!
That's the absolute worst feeling in the world.
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it. I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint. What I began by reading,
Went to Walmart today and finally found This Quiet Night.. Also bought the book The Hunger Games! Really excited to start reading it!
Hey You... yeah you ... if your in Pittsburgh you NEED to go see & tonight at Alter bar
Getting my LinkedIn on! Professional networking and working towards that next gig.
omg i didnt even see..such an idiot.
LOL Nette is funny. You need to write a book
ha nm...officially in a relationship :P and we went to the mall together on friday for our 1month :P heheehehh.... wbu? Lol
Coming now!
No valentine for me
I would like "The Blindside" so much more if Oher had not have ended up a dirty asshole-licking Raven.
hello! (hand motion) hahah i did that all day today!
alright! Cool! I know How you feel, I used to get bullied ad there was no one there helping me so imma try and help people
The name of that portable toilet will be "i gotta Go"
Royce Is Stupid Why Is She Crying Like That
Time for miracles and where i can see jesus(:
If one championship is good enough for Favre, it's good enough for me. #
So many opportunties coming my way :)
you can express your thoughts in a respectful way, try reading her book you would learn
Watching CNN. The daughter nearest Santorum needs to work on her "fiercely supportive" body language - looks like she wants to deck him.
RT : Only half of dot-gov sites are active, GSA reports - and they are using 150 different content management systems...
Who cares? The is talking about Mexicans! RT : guess time - where will the network news broadcasts begin tonight?
Thanks! Looking forward to the festival, but I want to see on the bill in 2013!
Tom McGuane writes passages in "The Longest Silence" that make me want never to attempt the foolish thing again.
I'll have to get with ya once we get up there, get your traveling tips lol
I'm going to one day appreciate the hard times I'm experiencing today...wow what a concept to absorb
My new neighborhood's by-laws make no mention of strutting down the street shirtless being a violation.
my phone was acting crazy at the time but wanted to say thanks for fb coaching session earlier and pudmed link.
is right , honey badger would lay a bitch out! #honeybadgerdoesntgiveashit #yourhashtagssuck #sorryimnotsorry #<3ya
yes. I was thinking the same thing
roth has made 2 non 3-pointers all season long. guard the perimeter, then you have to worry about zeller.
Second round with the sounds of #rogerhodgson and #supertramp tonight. Envious ?
you most likely would have to cop out a bit .. "fire it" ,"eye hit" , "fly cat"
No, I'm hahaha, I wish I was Oprah, she has her own show...
Science Museum not an original idea today.
Good luck tomorrow jay I love you homie:-)
Sending out Prayers to Japan:-) Love heals even it it takes time so send your Love anyway you can:-) Bless You Japan:-)
if you could tweet me something nice, it would make getting through this week 200x easier. Please I love you!
OKC! Like I said!! SWEEP! Don't jump on our dick now !! Laker fans bow down gracefully!
the devil is really busy!
Leading Sports Marketing Agency Partners With IC Places to Give Customers Direct Access to Book Athletes and Celebrities
TRAK is seeking a #Records Management Manager for a prestigious #law firm in #DC. Please contact me for details!
Boan...bitches is always keeping foucsinq own mhee bt need to worry abt they dam self..like wtf iss really good
hahaha yes you know you did it right.
Just met Matt Wertz.. seemed like a pretty cool dude...gotta love Nashville my friends!
The only things I ever cry over- 1.) One Direction 2.) Losing a game we should of won because of a stupid mistake by me.
Yes! Yes yes yes! Hahaha
Clippers need to come on nd step it up!
Wishing everyone a safe and fun Memorial Day holiday!
the super moon is sick! everyone go look
No more injuries sabres
That's my shit
Help!Need someone to provide paid ferry service at nth muskham riverside fest on 23rd June!!
and at St Joseph Institute reunions and pretty much every other oral school reunions. Hearing people wont' learn
It's over 4 hours from my house to Tunica. DOJ are you gonna buy my gas? Thanks to you i'll have to drive there to play the game i love!
Snowball fight!!
yes! I leave for Florida next week so let def work it out! I'm sure will plan something :)
Why do bees buzz ?Because they can't whistle !
“I speak for the trees!” We can’t wait to celebrate America Day! The agenda: school reading celebration and
How can I advertise for a website that is free to all parents and assist students in Math and Science?
Thank You Frankie !
thanks Bryan! Appreciate it!
immediately! You can find me under the avatar cow poke ;)
Happy FF wasteoids, sluts and bloods!
haha i made sure i recorded it! if in need, you may come watch it!
drake, velvet cake ice cream with coconut rum and a paint brush... NIcE...
My advice to you, is start drinking heavily.
I got my truck stuck in the car wash yesterday and messed up my back and cut my hands pushing it out, so I wont be in to work today I bro...
Thinking that the formals last night have something to do with the obscene amount of walk-of-shames this morning.
Dear Moms, Happy Mother's Day!
Wow, NY Giants waived S Chad Jones... I felt sorry for him. Didn't even get to ever see him play after being in a horrific car accident
#ImThatPersonWho always talks about k-pop & my bby lee Taemin.
It's the little imperfections, its the sudden change in plans
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
raining in san diego
Help! #AmericanAirlines flight is delayed 5+ hours BC of mechanical problem. Do I have any #rights?
that's called bait and switch, and is illegal on this country.
Some things never change.
“: Gosh, I <3 maker spaces. #DML2012” f yea!
When nothing goes right, go left.
but I'm strongly considering starting up again because of the opportunities down the road and I can write on any topic
...everyone needs a Puscifer project.
"It wasn't a subtle difference, it was a profound difference!" -Mr. Hutton, switching from the SHH 5.2 series to the SilverStarlightHDMI-6
Aww c: *kisses your cheek* :*
i would do him
For the first time since I've lived in Portland I'm not involved with white death from the sky.
well i miss talking to you goshh:((
very nice!
Some new followers on a Monday
Too much rain!
You have one?! That's so awesome. I'll keep an eye out for it! :)
I need to learn to think before I do things
You. #WhyISmile but you'll probably not even think twice when you see this.
church time :)
cool me and my big bro have a show planned out for tomorrow at the church bout singing and dancing
Time is an investment spend it wisely. You will feel valued & content if you spend it doing activities that satisfy your mind, body & soul.
M....burger
Wow I cannot believe what I just witnessed. #ripcity #blazers. Bring on game 6!!!
tonight may be the 1st night that i can remember that I wont turn on quick pitch or sportscenterin bed. Just cant stomach it.
Very important information! We must understand the effects of bullying for ALL children. Inciting terror is criminal behavior.
Tonight! Tortilla Espanola, $6.00 with aioli! Get it before it runs out.
Community Service Day at the University of Baltimore. Look for many of our students, faculty & staff helping our Baltimore neighbors today.
Football Jesus take the wheel!! Sources report Terrell Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball. Could be out for the season....
that's what's up ill be sure to strike you out tho (;
Happy Birthday Jack Kerouac. A truly organic intellectual.
Finals are done, hope everyone has a safe trip home and a great break!
Maybe you can come over and we can work out Together!
Watchin chicago sports tuesdays, blackhawks and bulls with
At Steak N' Shake
Just got finished watching In Time. Probably my new favorite movie!
Is it true that Cody Simpson is dating Kylie Jenner?
man you couldn't think of anything better to tweet! Lol!!!
Murder, Loyalty, Lust, and Family Secrets <=#Seattle Author Neil Low #Unreasonable Persuasion
When time stood still...
yoooooo Twitter during the Monday Night Wars woulda been epic!!!
Lol, candles c/b replaced :) "Good news about book. Go a little more sparingly on that candle"
...love it!!”< ahhhhmazing thanks for being with me to celebrate #GoodLuckCharm" always good timez
I guess this is proof that the record exists? I still can't believe the Master of the Dentist Office Jam made a Blowfly album.
I just lit ass.
If i don't lose my mind in the next 7-8 days, then i can officially do anything.
Now the chorus room reeks of cigarettes.
I still haven't seen the Avengers, but I am certain it doesn't out shine TDK.
There's always money in the banana stand.
Thanks! RT : #FFriday13th - Lucky to follow these
ur welcome ur do inspirational!!!and funny please follow me!<3 it will make my day....my world!
Best leap tweet ever! Someone give this man an award. Oh, right.
i feel like we are waiting for snow, weve got the clouds and the dark so wheres the white stuff hm
ones for casual dumps and ones for intense
TIP OF THE DAY: Tipping is an integral part of playing live poker, but never overdo it. Always make sure its no more than a few % of profit.
Even if grading papers isn't crazy fun, I realize what a good gig I've got.
thats yu i saw today in hat car?????
How so?
bitches are crazy
My pleasure. You're very listable.
my birthday is officially a month and a week from now!! (:
Anyone have a contact with a movie theater with a large lobby? Contact us! Please RT!
Thanks Oppy, you rock! Looking forward to seeing you in LA soon! :)
WE ARE HARD WORKING AND LOVE BEING IN THE ENTERTAINMENT WORLD.. DO YOU KNOW IF YOU FOLLOW US WE WILL FOLLOW BACK. SO COME EVERYONE FOLLOW US
Stimulus, response. Brad Evans negates Gomez goal two minutes later. 2-1 Sounders!
on another note, I'm sad our players are declaring for the draft today, but happy for them 4 fulfilling their dream of playing in the
We had a productive joint meeting this morning with exec committee and #HSESchools Board of trustees.
Madison Pharmacy Associates | We don’t always know what we don’t know!
I really miss talking to you
2DAY IS MAH B-DAY SO I'M NOT GANNO BE ON HERE 2DAY......... WAIT MAYBE I AM *MUAH*
from a party store...it's plastic ;)
i really need to get my tweets up
Moriah Martin inked a 9.850 on beam in her 2nd event of the NCAA Championships. Her best two events to come.
I'm working on copy for a webinar on libraries' adapting ideas from the coworking movement.
Looks like tomorrow the entire Congress will have the flu.
wowzers thanks for following peeps :) Just so you know, I followed back. Cuz I'm nice like that :D Love ya'll
Don't let no one tell you, you are not worth something. You are here for a reason.
Ukulele Thanksgiving sounds awesome!
Can Taylor Swift stop acting surprised that people like her?
Have you been Betrayed?
welcome back to twitter
Case was awfully thin without the warranty card. Real good chance of NG or hung jury without it.
Hope you know a good obgyn...
Where do they sell it?
You had 2 legs #LastTimeIChecked (who says this line?) ... Take a walk
we could care less about ku anymore. Who cares. Amuse yourself
Lol, now THAT'S a breakfast. Enjoy! :)
lol , my 4 year old sister admits she has a gigannnnticallly big crush on you ..
is happy to be writing daily again. glad to have the reminder that words are joyful and amazing.
Gary Gibbs, ED of , reports that TEXAS is 48th in per capita funding for the arts. CA is 49th & Kansas is 50th
Time to launch a new industrial revolution - to save the West. “The only useful banking innovation was the invention of the ATM.” - Volcker.
I like when people say things, then don't follow through on them...it's pretty fuckin' awesome TBH
I'd say so haha. U use any energy supps?
Research and Markets: IRS Corporate Financial Ratios - 27th Edition
It's a terrible feeling to watch someone you love in pain, and there is NOTHING you can do about it.
Almost Christmas(:
'but im fun... what, well i am!' classic princesspeachh db thiswasinmydrafts5V7N.
Since you wanna be like somebody so bad. Take this hundred dollars, go down the street, and you will see a man. Pay that man for his swag.
you are beautiful...<3
Definitely think that was Klaus already when he told Caroline to go. Bonnie did her thang much sooner.
Arts organizations should "be a resource for and build relationships with lawmakers." #AFTALAC MT via
awesome venue. Friday is going to kill
Why must 99.9% of half-time shows suck?
She got dying over here
Ye! RT : Its rad that is putting out a track on the sampler which is old tour mates
Voting..... for spanish youth award..<3 <3
yup yup gets crazy
hahaha thank you. yes. I know how to get the dudes
Does Ari have Facebook, anyways? I don't go on FB :3
The right confluence of needs innovators and technology leads to the changes we embrace today
There's a place about an hour from me that makes almost Texas-like BBQ. Might be worth the trip today!
Sadly I won't be able to have them for a while after surgery on Tuesday :(
im just playin girlfriend!!
thanks for sharing! are you planning on coming to the screening?
Tonight is the night!! Let's get together for a holiday hello and support the MCA-I at the same time. Magic Bag in Ferndale from 7-11pm
Major upset if Deb Fischer beats Nebraska Attorney General Bruning in NE GOP Senate Primary....Fischer now ahead....
Well said - "when chilling white wines, don't think Zamboni." -
I am burnt the fuck out, yet I cannot pull myself away from the computer. Im not even surfing. The glow of the screen has me hypnotized
Im cold and sober fuck me....
YES I FUCKING PASSED
"home is wherever I'm with you"
- Good to have you back.
i got ten followers nahnahnah bobobobo
:) happy you like it “: Awesome!”
no problem. anyone who's at ASEE while in conversation with + various great torontonians deserves a signal boost
just got a pic of my nenephew. he is so cute.he looks a lot like my...dad? they are thinking of moving back home to ireland from New York.
anarchists will do as we please anyway so what's the big whoop?
Just hit some shit called cali orange I swear I aint got any lungs left
With the impending sale of the Coyotes, I would think a win tonight would sweeten the pot for the new owner.
You should be @ The Ten Eleven 6/30/09 - Split 10" LP Release Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Forgotten Empire Records. Special Guests TBA
Reno I'm giving you two choices. Either you shutup, or I'm going to tie you to the bottom of the car.
Join us Halloween day for SKREAM we open at 9 PM. Bring your costumes were giving away $500 to best costume!
I save all my tckt stubs. I hvnt been to a bulls game where they lost since January 24th 2000 against the pacers! Im gud luck
Marty: I filled the tank, Laura went to take pictures at a Shipley's donuts. The wait for gas is shorter than donuts. M, donuts ...
Whoa! Thanks so much! :-) RT : and are my fave companies right now. hands down
Wow I can't wait for the games to begin.
My sister drinking sparkling "wine" and crying and then my moms says youre like ur sister drinkin too much and crying hahahah
Keeping ur mouth shut is sometimes the best thing for you!
Don't try to win over the haters. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
I hope so to baby. I miss you so much!!!!
