v valid! but is affectivity only aesthetic? has physical/material impact that seems to move into nonaesth turf too.
We Will Be Dropping New Shirts And Sweaters Real Soon,Thank You Everyone Who Has Been Supporting Us
Considering he was with the team for just a few months, tells you how bad Seattle's offense was.
Dreaming of a white Christmas? I'm enjoying the reality of having my snow blower parked in the garage.
The recruitment fair will be great, glad you are excited.RT : MED School Conference at EVMS on Saturday!! Whoop!! whoop!!
Make each day your masterpiece
follow each other to gain more followers
Big ups to everyone that still cries when scar kills mufasa in the lion king
GORGEOUS view!!! :)
Hi, Alex. Just saw your tweet from yesterday. This whole parenthood thing is really cutting into my social media life.
o finally
#myfirstyearatfamu Actually my first day.We got lost & some1 told me to "Capitol Circle, make a left & we'll run into Famu campus"... A-hole
I just bought: 'Business Process Management (BPM): The Third Wave' by Peter Fingar via
Makes my teeth grind RT : speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Where is ? You're gonna get it
Thanks homie RT : Big B-Day s/o to ....Enjoy ur day sweetie ;)
I won't be at boot camp in the morning but I promise I'll be there Tuesday!!!
Happy Friday! Love your new vid!
thaats why I was LOL'ing so hard (;
Rose Bowl redemption for Watt to get that pick 6 on the same guy that beat the Badgers a year ago.
did you get your tickets?
wait in TC?
I would really like the front office to say something, anything about this mess. Just acknowledge it, if only as a courtesy.
Bunch of new songs this week. Must be the sunny weather. "Simplicity" is the latest one. Mood-wise, it's a bit like my song "Restless".
good point ;-)
Hate doin taxes!
Wednesdays are great brewing days!
preparing for show tomorrow! It finally comes down to this... hopefully my horse and I are State bound! Nervous and Excited!!! =) <3
“: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.”
After warped this year ima get an autographed restraining ordwr from austin carlile :)
hubby lived on 6th fl of Ogg and me on the 7th. Been 2gether ever since. 18 yrs later, 2 kids and still Bucky fans
Congrads to the Cajuns who won their first bowl game in over 40 years! Man, I could use a poboy right about now.
So If I'm A Liar & Your A Thief At Least We Know Where The Other One Sleeps
Thanks friends!
Rev. Winans about to bring down the holy spirit and speak in tongues during the eulogy... Oh I have GOT to see this.
asking JB to do anything for anyone seems like a stretch.
I'm stuck at 26
he had his bye week on Monday night..er hem, zero catches!
I lowkey feel really special right now. I needed this.
Amazing closing rhetoric from pulling in his OBL takedown and call of duty.
"Hang out with people who aren’t looking for shortcuts. Learn from them." - Seth Godin (via: )
I think it's just a really funny word, and to me, a quiet, dignified way to love our ill fated home team. Or something.
Another strong scrum for the Americans. Eventually, USA force a turnover as well. Good work
Social Media is becoming the local market
getting the giggles while prepping client documentation and cleaning up profane language
USGS is reporting a 2.3 magnitude earthquake just occurred 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN in Knox CO. Very minor quake.
I went to three proms back in high school haha some kid I work with asked me to go with him
friends are like boobs, some are big some are small. Some are real some are fake. ;)
My Day Ain't Bout To Be Bitter Cause Some MFs Have Tude Problems .
"Search for the truth is the noblest occupation of man; its publication is a duty"
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Chipotle sounds so good right now!...
mann switch their bro its really layed back and close to grant watch our 4 82nd tho lol
With perseverance and professionalism you will succeed. :)
Maury...Maury!...good news...or...bad news....depends on the frame of mind! #message!
Hanging with jazzy jaz tonight in h-wood!
Working on 3 pinball machines Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone and Black Rose for The Standard 14 NE 22nd Ave Portland, OR.
Why does my car smell like a big pack of bubble gum?
I'm ready for this break to be caught and this race to really get crazy
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Always be aware of what your competitors are doing and practice good money management at all times.
Mango Languages is available to all Ohio residents through the State Library. OL doesn't pay for it, plus Pirate itself is free.
Going see Think like a Man:) Great feedback, Now I'm hyped up to go see it. Great Job Uncle Steve:)
shoot today. Playing mom of twins. Director telling me 2 stop adding lines like "who loves mommy more?" and "tell mommy she looks pretty!"
Preparing to put the pig on the spit.
Have arrived in Houston! Follow my AAM tweets
Time for that second cup of coffee
probably as understandable for them as non-tweeting, non-googling or non-facebooking! ;-)
Ah, wait. Islanders fan?
Stay positive brother
Damn there's a lot of people at topes park tonite. Gonna take 30 min to get refresh for kids.
Warrior Wraps!! Mike will take care of you!! Super guys!!
yea I'm cool
your opinion might change if you watch this ridiculous DVD
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.
I do pay attention. Post-game was all about the "foul" and how Vandy got cheated. Credit was an afterthought.
Hosting 24-29 With Lester Bibbs & Dominique from the Tom Joyner Morning Show
RT You are the average of the 5 people you spend most of your time with.~Rohn
agreed. WISC TV-3 is the only major local news team that has shown an effort to cover these events.
hahaha That's what you were showing Mr. Williams! lol :D
Love is like popcorn its good when the bowl is filled up but it disappears quickly RT if u believe this
name the time and place. I'll comedown to
Thanks for the refollow.
Dudes just as soft as some of these females
Bruce bowen is a clown when not playing defense -pleaz get a real scholar and statistician of the game on there after Heat win
damn where erica at
Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms, Step-Moms, GrandMoms - we love our Moms! Here are some Mother’s Day recipes to spoil your Moms with...
I need 10,000 followers. Make that happen.
Las Vegas! Just landed where should I eat
Lol. BROKEN into pieces...
Beautiful! RT : The brand new Conrad New York Hotel is 20% off when you book at least 7 days in advance!
Saint Hubbins: patron saint if quality footwear.
forgive me- was that ME? Can't remember that interview... But retraction noted!
RT : Watching the #SuperBowl for the ads? A team of agency pros will be providing real-time analysis on Twitter via
John Axford. Ugliest man in baseball
Also...I'm leaving for the airport in less than 4 hours.
i feel ya i just want to see everybody since i went through all that stuff with the appeal and all
“I need, therefore I imagine.” ― Carlos Fuentes
Missing out on valuable clients at your #fitness studio? Try offering prenatal and Mommy&Me classes to help women who want to stay fit!
Kyle's 426379 hour surgery was a success! He's in recovery mood right now.
Pro-love is not a protest. Pro-love is a movement of people united to promote love.
no observations for me? What have you done with the real Scott Ward! Congrats on Rachel again.
that's a cool shot!
would love to discuss it if you ever are interested. It is something that interests me. you can DM me, if you like.
thanks that's fitting for my birthday!
welcome home
No worries! They ended up staying at USNWC much longer than expected, so we just stayed close to the house for dinner/drinks.
School tomorrow. Have to confront this bitch tomorrow on this bus.
how have u been?
sounds like you're headed back here?! We should grab a coffee when you're settled!
thank you for introducing me to
hey sweeti how your day so far it's ugly down here it's the kind day that you want to eat mangu
Reggie Miller hanging out at Miller Park as a guest of Ryan Braun.
yeah ik and really?! Their not going to find someone who can actually handle wolfy
Where the fuck are you!?
And where is Tippy Martinez in this scenario? Hope all is well Freddie.
Thanks. Do you watch Dance Moms? Thats' the studio from that show.
Good grief. I'm not sure they thought that through.
#DearSanta, can you deliver Christmas early this year? All I want is some NBA basketball this season. Please help get a deal done today.
ditto,Paul.
Looking forward to Taming of the Shrew at APT w/ &
you don't even know
Will do. Thanks! /
Full day here. Peter at Heinz hall w PSO and Messiah. Company dancing for our friends at Urban Active. Breathe deeply!
Don't Tell Me You Want To Earn Money Online But If You Are Trying, Here Is The Key Online Businesses need internet marketing to succeed.
RT : #1: The lottery is just a way of taxing poor people who don't know math.
So happy to be linked to you my friend!
Hey Joe, you have to check my son's text commentary to me during the game. Better than the pro's.
Late shift tonight...but hey,that's where the big money is...so its cool wit me
UK band The La's cancel upcoming NYC show. Grrr! Ian McCulloch better show for NYC date or I am crossing the 'pond' to bust some heads.
I know u will!!! Lol so wats up???
Seems a little inapropriate?
No CD drive? Hmm. I don't use CD/DVDs a lot on my laptop, but when I do, I really like it.
the girls on the bad girl's club are ANNOYING.
- see you this Saturday for a CrAzY-AsS Party at The Vanguard - Downtown LV! MAY7- get ready!
I'm so impatient
being a boss like always, how much dust u collecting right now?
"I hit a puppy once with my car."
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply. I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend and enjoyed the great weather!
one more minute till my 11:11 wish!!!
KFC now offering meal with red velvet cake, changes name to King of Fattest Customers.
I personally would have went with a larger TV size.
no problem dude....love that profile pic...hahaha
Pressure turns rocks to diamonds
Black lady said " at my age I don't have the patience for this". I thought all black girls didn't have patience
just wondering if u have gotten any from me ? Please follow
I forgot ... I need Rum gummies for #rumdiarieshouseparty tomorrow !
Who's your coach? I tuned in 5 mins too late:(
…I'M FREE AFTER 8 TOMORROW.
We are 1/2 way through National Library Week! Tweet 6 word library story
it seems like every rapper is up all night trying to find the next drake or j.cole! I can deal with being known like nipsey
I agree with Shaq. "Mumble Mumble... Bounce the ball, mumble mumble. Baseline, Ham Ham." Well said, sir.
is exercising to warm up.
RT LeRon McClain "spit came outta nose" #dontlebronme that is called snot and more disgusting. What a fool.
Nene from RHOA browsing the Lanvin section of Barneys. In sweatpants and WITH GREG! #whatdoesitmean??
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! SMILE! 😁
what's up shorty. Are you teaching your booty off yet or does that not start for another few weeks?
thanx it will be on my up n coming album
No UT baseball today..washed out again. Horns will try for a Sunday doubleheader w Loyola Marymount starting at noon.
Soft hair
My Twitter pals who want to see Floyd v Miguel in HD for $3.50, mail me (jblaque). I've no financial stake in it, just friends o'mine.
Separation = Preparation. If you feel different, you can bet you are doing something right to prepare yourself for a higher calling!
": Who is at Summerfest tonight, oh wait.." right?! Headin to miller park soon tailgate! Its gorgeous outside in
Women 'Invisible' in Myanmar - Inter Press Service
Tough workout...hahahaha
we'll be out there this fall!
Still get the rush when I'm alone ~
whats it looking like today?
Hm. Netflix 'til i crash? that sounds about right.
In ready for this new H&M to open!
Food Is My Addictive. If You Depressed, Mad, Hungry Af. Food Is Your Bestfriend. Aint Nuttin Wrong With Chicken, Macrooni, Biscuits. To Eat.
morning boo, you too!
I think i ate too much today....
Good point. I don't want to pay any support! I hereby rescind my claims on the snow record. You can have it, and all the snow.
This is what being home does to me. I always feel awkward, uncomfortable, and blah.
Great day today!!! :-) I will continue to delete ppl off FB tomorrow. Sorry if I delete you; nothing personal.
coming to the rescue💜
no make up swag at the mall
Thanks for the RT
awesome man, people don't think about the previous injuries sustained throughout an athletes entire life
Just read your reply on tumblr to the person saying they want to commit suicide. I can't even explain how much hope you give me
“: For every person there are roughly 170 million insects.” god I'm terrified of bugs especially spiders!
WHAT THE HELL? DO NOT TELL ME THAT ALL TICKETS ARE RESERVED.
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
likes to rob the cradle RT : Why does it seem like Jamie Moyer always faces 22 yr old pitchers
Oh hey The concert is May 24th at 7 (:
happy birthday!
I wanna make you feel wanted.
Excited about the vanilla caramel cream ale. But, I'm going to continue to push for another batch of raspberry soon.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Just finished Doctor Who Season 6! Tightly written!! Now I have to wait until Fall 2012 for more though D:
I love starbursts in my mouth!
What was it exactly that Meatloaf would do anything for love..... But that?
I just took out my recycling and for a moment the smell reminded me fondly of camping.
Race to the Midlothian Family Y this Fri, 9am-6pm to get an up close look at the Y sponsored race car for the upcoming Showdown Race at RIR!
looks like Jon's hurting. How about you Vivi? I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag.
Omg Patriots =O
Whatever no I ddidnt
Listen to your heart..one of the best movies I've seen in a while..thank you for telling such an amazing and inspirational story!
no prob. I'm headed Keeping the Lights On, Ops & Mon at Rm 405 next.
In correspondence chess you often get the chance to challenge as both white and black.
The work schedule is all kinds of fucked up right now
Updates: iPhone v3.1 (bug fix release) just uploaded to New homepage design launching soon. Sore GAINsters abound. Woot!
Another fabulous Friday at Franklin park. Don't let the weather make you sad just come get some chicken tortilla soup and you'll forget...
They can't come back from this. Oh well, perhaps next year when Hudler is back and they make some moves all will be well.
I can't just say I will do whatever I want when I gave the time...what will I have, be and do? That's much more precise....
He who cries first will laugh last ...
Mcartney is brilliant as ever
I want a girl :)
hi robert (:
no I haven't
I can't wait to see new years eve movie. Who with me???
I think it may be almost banquet burger time... oh yeah! With a pot brownie for desert!
Praying for peace & comfort for you.
2004 red sox yankee playoff highlights 😳✊😍
This town will be the downfall of us all. A Day To Remember :)
-- Small company, committed to great service, superior employee engagement, and top-notch leadership development programs!
coffee or tea? ...*she sips her coffee and attempts to write a paper.
Great! Check out our website: www.societyforthecollege.org!
yea theyre not no names but they're 45 years old and at the end of their careers.
Tim Tebow: ROLE MODEL not PAROLE MODEL. NFL Nation in shock. Note to John Elway. NFL Films has your early years archived. Not very pretty.
It's becoming a pet peeve of mine that people post Amazon links to their favorite books.
new neighbors! RT : I noticed that ice cream has officially opened on NW 23rd. This is equal parts awesome and dangerous!
And the 2012 National Online Teacher of the Year is ...
Can't focus on studying because we're going to the NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP!
The Amercia's Cup is Coming!! Are you ready San Francisco?
ER seem south closer than RT. With such square letterforms, you can really kern pretty uniformly.
A BIG change starts with a SMALL step.
So glad you were able to come! Just imagine how pretty it is on a sunny day :) RT : This place is gorgeous.
Good moring Portland, the snow says hello.
DC: early voting for mayorhas started. here we go again. A write in campaign? Damn LOPEZ, let it go!!
If you're in the area, stop by Veteran's Glen for a frozen treat. It's a fundraiser for #SWC Spanish-English Conversation Club.
thanks babe!
Prosperity Possession Perspective Providence 2012 Best year of my life
I love my 'Sunday call home' :)
The medium is no longer the, the medium is the experience. - Brian Solis
Todays Deal: $39 for Old Town Chiro Serv. Reg $150! www.DailyGroupSavings.com Great deal, has worked on Charger Players. See Dr. Brad today
Will be teaching Intro to Drama this fall. Thinking about a theme on the permeable body. Eating, shitting, sex, death, disease, medicine.
lol ok I can see occasionally wearing them but the girl I'm talking about wears em daily. No lie.
Try it sometime ;) RT Wait that works?! RT Best pickup line: hey good lookin, what do you like for breakfast?
had a musical epiphany about the winter album...in the process of re-writing 2 of the songs...16 days till recording!
Oh yeah!
I'm SO upset I didn't get a senior shirt hahaha
Poor tippers = extremely unattractive
i dont want to hear it but who u guys playin next yea thats rgt them steelers lol
#SaySometin IS AMAZING .. <3 I'm waiting for it to come on again so I can jam out. (;
#hth2012 Alef: a great talk! (using Moodle, collaborative learning, puralistic and very very engaged!)
“ A best friend is the one person you can never stay mad at, because you have too much important stuff to tell them!”
tweet me '' JAMIE LORDAN WE LOVE YOU '' I'II FOLLOW 10 first what Tweet me 11
Your welcome <3
Achievement Award to Denroy Morgan
Tomorrow it's Friday!!! Yes I have been waiting for this day to come forever lol!
looking for a book | I spied a yellow cover | — writing comedy
aahaha best film ever made. So flawless from start to finish.
Man. Jeremy Lin is really insane. Seriously.
how can i get an interview w/ U? r u gonna B in KY anytime soon, who is my contact? email me at thanks!
Might see more gold though RT : bering sea gold wont match goldrush but i might create a page
Im getting my mic today, I couldn't get it last night. But we'll play some xbl tonight homie
Value won't get much higher. League will adjust, how will he react we don't know. So get a known commodity if possible now
Nothing that i have to share.
as long as you are not at work...
what ru putting in ru lungs? ;)
my heart is perfect because us Swifties, have you inside :)
the New Mexico Lobos are ranked #21 on the new Coaches Poll
I wanna watch the notebook..
Good question, another question could be: Does the value come from comparing the sense of urgency found in both?
Totally. Or Skype at any point!
It's Christmas in the Custer house today :) Got Bath and Body Lotion, Body Wash and Body Spray and a "Sister" Frame. I have stuff waiting
Someone just said soccer > basketball I hate people.
Wanna go to the zoo
#4famouswords you only live once
I agree because is a great person and she is what matters most and nothing can chang that
Per #Christian #fundamentalists salvation is guaranteed by being "saved." Then u can be totally evil the rest of ur life & go 2 heaven. WTF?
Sorry for the delay, things got busy yesterday. But I want to get back to this, if OK. I just want to understand what's going on
drink it first, don't waste all that delicious
feeling extra refreshed! In a #perfectworld, we would get an #extrahour every #Saturdaynight!
Have a wonderful weekend friends!!
With the 24th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft, the Sixburgh Steelers select...
Hey, I'm not coming to the Twin Cities Festival after all, I'm sorry to say. Something big came up in Chi, need to be here.
sounds awful! :)
Can't think straight now
we'll sing it when we're killing him!
pal was pretty amazing<333
yeah you are so mean!!!!
hey would you be interested in going fishing/froggiggin tonight?
OJ ! Who all is gonna be there !
Honestly, I'd love to meet POTUS.
I need to go to the bathroom... FUCK
gurl we be goin early and stayin late to meet his ass 😝😜😁
TXCV wants to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm sick as can be :/ I can't talk again...
I've come to realize that Twitter is superb for discovering breaking news, then totally useless for next hour while everyone talks about it
burned 584 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Also hiring a VP of Products & Marketing in Austin (job description forthcoming)
Officially opened a joint bank account with my fiance.
“ “ It makes me mad when I be driving and ppl be passing me as if im driving so slow -_-””
What I learned today: Ben Stein has platinum status on USAirways.
when is this webinar? Is there a link on your website?
give me your hand is trending yayyfthghcgjvdgbgjcdy
try the radio 810 am
Lakeshow off to a great start.
Tonight ikah love spins it up. Come see us. Get your drink on to real good hip hop
maybe you should get 2 and make a super table!
*straight face* I'm sorry.
who doesn't?
you are my hero.
and that is the most important issue in all periods of history?
et al...what do you think about the "suggested" social media embargo? i'm feeling a lil' oogy about it.
Its Highschool. Aren't people supposed to grow up ? Guess not -.-
Donate to/sponsor Baltimore scholarship fund for HS juniors, $10-$300 spots available, inquire:
642 undead e-mails, last months bills to pay, audio book playing in itunes, popcorn in the bowl and hot chocolate in the mug. Lets do this!
Just ordered some Domino's Pizza!!!
I love U R AMAZING!!!
can I just say that I'm super jealous that you're seeing the divas! LOVE Kathy Brier!
Heavy rain on the way, so they say. Need sandbags? City is offering them free; pick up at Chula Vista Public Works Ctr, 1800 Maxwell Rd.
everyone i meet tells me i look like her
The only time it's okay to brag about how little time you had to do something is when it's good. "Did this in 8 minutes!" "Sucks equally."
asap got a new project with aarabmuzik tho! That's gonna be tight
i'm vers and YES, i do! it's common courtesy
If you were to have a last meal what would it be? Bonus points if it includes something from Bill Johnsons! ; )
girl please u musta tripped & bumped ya head then tripped again cuz it's obvious tht i miss u way more than u miss me lol ;)
Dinner and a movie with the girls tonight! Any good movies out we should see?
Well, it completely overlaps with the UNC SILS mixer, but it sounds pretty awesome! I'll at least stop in for a drink.
ok I get off at 6 so can we make it like 7 or 7:30?
Lawmaker Wants to Change the Rules for Recall Elections
oops Emmitt I mean :-)
thank u. Fingers crossed cos liverpool uni r awesome x
Anyone reporting the Task Force via Twitter? Please?
I'm sure the students learned a lot from you today. I for one am glad you gave this former student a chance!
Ficelle day party #Union Station! Stay hungry my friends!
The University of Texas Board of Regents cancels fight between Julio César Chávez Jr. and Andy Lee because of border violence
: Takeaway #3 from #VASEN GOP debate: says we need to strengthen Medicare, but supports #RyanPlan to eliminate it
not being on tumblr all day has its advantages. one of my edits of Rupert reached 360 notes.
What work I have done I have done because it has been play
Sal Baldenegro Jr. announces run for House of Rep. in Southern Arizona's new LD2 - Tucson Citizen Sal Baldenegro Jr. announces run for Ho
"Guess I'm not faster than a speeding bullet. Oh well."
u ok
Just dropped triple digits in bowling get at me
Wait, is Paris Geller always on Scandal?! (I don't watch, channel was on abc)
Opposite of love is indifference, not hatred. No relationship is over as long as the hostilities exist.
having the #BEST nite ever!
draw them a map to Clitopia...better for both of ya!
I've created a monster. We've been pilling the cat by wrapping pills in cheese. Now ev time he hears a pill bottle he thinks "cheese treat!"
Les Brown: Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.
Thanks for the retweets/mentions ... To be continued...
yes sir Mr. Justin sir
. Optimism. if don't believe you're going to succeed, how will anyone else. higher level: Faith. in ideas and people
We follow!!
THIS SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING. Alright, fuck registration. I'm a happy camper.
I loved Mathnet! Thanks!
haven't had a chance to check your place out yet but this could be my anniversary pick for next weeks #sweetdate!
Absolutely Amy! Please join the #mlanet12 party!
Opening day for baseball. Cubs are going 162-0 starting tomorrow
of coarse always, next time you're down we're gonna post
Ron Hatari Paul????
Please follow me<3 i love one direction! directioner all the way. hope u guys come to ny soon!
Where have you been? said your coming to tailgate tomorrow !
you look so cute without a hat on!! <3
Great to see you on campus at today. Looking forward to more improv at IMG/SEC retreat in May.
thanks buddy
just followed :)
That guy with the camera next to me in the concert >>>
:l amazon, ebay? downtown... i got this. your birthday is september right? its ok. i got this. ill save up.x)
. is one of my favorite. Always makes me chuckle.
#ICantStandWhen ppl don't use there fucking blinker pisses me off
Drinking box wine, watching Batman Returns in 90 degree heat upstairs. Oh what a night!!
;) sorry, ive been so busy with with stuff. asdfk;l
I need to get a job so I can buy a mac!
#RnBThrowBack You-Jesse Powell
Whether you opt for a kit or build it yourself, it's a great way to cut down on both water use and food costs.
Tea, popcorn with Parmesan, and the notebook❤
Join us for our Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown PDX from NOW until 1:30pm. Free health screenings, fitness demos, massage, cooking...
If you're reading this and are also wearing red pants, please reassess your entire life immediately
will you be there?
Can they release bentencourt now???
You do it once, you can do it again - Steven Monaco
#InstantTurnOn getting hold from the waiste
for the record I did like "Whee!" as a name.
sounds like a great gig! hope to catch the next one
Already , really tho
Everyone hates on Deandre but he's a tru talent.
Equipment picking up tents and barricades at occupy pdx
Man I feel alive!
JaVello reacts 2 sh*t like violent diarrhea resulting from explosive alien babies.
"He was tweetin' shit." <-- expression we should all get behind
conservatives are always really really angry about something
“: Proud of my best friend and teammate Nick Toon... Killed it today running routes and running his 40! Toon ran a 4.38!!"
#AGirlDeserves to be told she's beautiful everyday.
psyched to perform tomorrow with Our concept drawn from far afield...
Panelist Laura DeNardis: "this isn't about higher ed, this is about reputation systems." Open publishing shout out, too. Nice.
did just poke in the cheek during his solo? .... <3
First day of #dplawest down! One more (the big one) to go!
i think i ate too much mole, my tummy hurts :(.
Pulled into Nazareth... Feelin 'bout half passed dead... Just need to find a place where I can rest my head
Hope you enjoyed the TD story! Cheers
I'm sorry about that. If I could've stopped you sooner I would've.
RT : If you're a student interested in a Salt Lake Tribune summer internship, email me, , and I'll send the...
perfect good thing I'll be home for the graduation...kindergarten here we come!!!
it's super easy. 5 pencils, rubber bands, and an iPhone cable.
Mavs crowd is so annoying! Listening to them reminds me how they complained about officiating Sat when we were there #Blazers #'s don't lie
Sitting here with plotting our evil ideas for the weekend (;
Hey mind following back?
it's not embarrassing...if anything we have all learned something today
running around all day, but will definitely get back to you ASAP! Sounds like you're doing some really cool stuff! Cheers!
wow, people really need to read your tweets before commenting....keep up the good work!
Idk why i hate the mavericks so much
I appreciate the kind words. Yeah, I'm really over being "open minded" or diplomatic about dangerous and abusive training methods
Laundromat Flow
Real quote: Hey, what's with all of these bugs in my urine cup?
We could probably bro-ify this new guilty pleasure by inventing the "SMASH'd" Drinking Game
I know right! lol
Wow today is going by fast:o)
Tomorrow October 2 is your last chance to get the NMX Ski Card for the early season price of $125. Price goes to $149 on Monday!!!
i just laugh at bitches likee you.
Thanks for checking out the Timeline study! I'd love to re-connect one of these days to share the latest on
no idea lmfao
The creative act thrives in an environment of mutual simulation, feedback and constructive criticism in a community of creativity – Anon
I will be there too!
treating others w/ decency & respect is the issue not “hazing”. Initiation can be done safely/in good fun, why so knee-jerk?
100% OF THE PROFIT-100% OF THE TIME!! We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100% profit!
I followed you again mane.
lol well thank you.
You must not have enjoyed being caught. Don't fret: when you die, you'll find it much easier to get around.
follow back..
Ramon Sessions was a great pick-up for the Lakers. Definite upgrade over the fossil Derek Fisher.
Bo beau OB crispy brussel sprouts, pancetta, shaved reggiano, red curry mussels SD best new restaurant.
#Cerebralpalsy drug may offer hope for treatment | Fox News via
Be innovative, provide value and quality, that's how you make money. Not by doing the same thing every day
I want a wanna wanna cheeseburger :((
Good Morning & Happy Monday. Lots to do... have a wonderful day!
You have done good. Now take a breath; call you're Mom. I'm sure she's very proud...a mom in Milwaukee appreciating your words
it doesnt matter you smiled!
*CUTTING* BOX 29-9 2600 blk Park Heights Terrace adult male stabbed critical condition Fire/EMS units treating/transporting
hold up im brainstormin :p
*reads message and shakes head* lol
A must-#FF-- is in da house! Drummer , poet, litmag editor of The Cultural Society, Great to see u!
I have the Starlight Run in 1 month and I am so not ready.
Once you accept the idea that ancient artwork is based on math and geometry, a whole new world opens up to the dedicated scholar.
Stomach bug recovery treatment: Lots of liquids. Easy foods like crackers. Rest and sleep. Romantic comedies on Netflix Streaming.
Nothin is given, go get it, its urs!!!
your hair is soo curly in this gifboom you made!!!! :D
Haven't been on in so long :( can't wait for #teenwolf to come back <3
The purposeful sensationalism of the press & the profound ignorance & naïveté of the armchair mob to lap it up never ceases to amaze.
"You want to become aware of your thoughts, you want to choose your thoughts
BYE FANNY PAK:-)
I really don't feel like my normal self, this is depressing!!
we hate our life. plain and simple. lol
"When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts." -- Trevor Hoffman, at the retirement of his number
Need to cut 2000 words out of this bloody thesis still! Oh found an unnecessary the, make that 1999!
RT : Enjoyed 's talk at #SIGIR about social networks and Twitter. Great stuff about why teens enter fake info in prof ...
Newbridge Home Loans = Closing Loans FHA - VA - Conventional - Commercial Loans - Private & Hard Money Loans..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
HEY WHT DOWN.!?
omg what did i get myself into
Why am I the only one who still likes Sarah Palin? Didn't you guys watch her reality show? She is salt of the earth, good people & funny!
follow and please :D x47
u shower u smelly bastard
Harry Potter star attempts to escape his famous role
He wouldn't go to Denver. They have horse face jr
I swear to god boys get more hormonal than girls do.
huh what?
you're a butthole. c:
I GET MONEY FROM NIGGAS ONNA DAILY WAT MAKES U THINK IMA BREAK OFF ANYBODY LOL
That video makes me love you a million times more.
teacher in Randolph ma looking for some globetrotter tickets. If anyone can help?
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/ Activist
thanks for following me !:)
IN THE BED ABOUT TO GO PUNCH YO BROTHER IN LAW CAUSE IM TRYNA CUDDLE & HE KNOCKED OUT ON THE COUCH
I loved Will Clark (even though I was a huge Athletics fan as a kid)!
Let me.know if youre the type of person who helps everyone but when u need just a lil favor no one even answers you
Happy Mother's Day! May your day be filled with joy, peace and love.
bethanar: good morning/evening/dragged-from-the-pit-of-jet-lag-time all! I'm home! n'awlins is awesome, #sla2010 rocked, may spend rest ...
No problem! Keep up the great work- Have a great day
im all into the tv
French Sheep Dog
it's really sad hiding all my pictures with Rho Chi's
Trying to reach someone at Sales in your office but no one answers the phone. What's the best way to talk to a person?
I am 15 min from Wrigley! Over there what seems like every weekend. Such a cubs fan or a drunk? Lol
“: Are there any studies that have proven that rejection causes hunger? #feedme” grindin'
All the warmth just left my body. It's over. It's actually over. You'll forever be in your hearts
Tonight's gonna be big though cause the #Wranglers open w/ Game 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals tonight against the Florida
picture now
I cannot grant your wishes but I can fuck you I always wanted to fuck you!!!
I bought my dyson at the Target on McKnight.
to NYC today; timing is everything.
Important to know what your website looks like on a mobile device
FOLLOW MY FRIEND >> << :) PLEASE PPLEASE PLEASE :)
Stadium's fileing out. I wouldn't want to watch us right now either. This has been horrible to look at.
Is it wise for a corp. to commit their entire yearly marketing budget & not be open to new opportunities that come along during the year?
Hey that unscramble sure beats picture in a picture. Just sayin.
your more then welcome
Follow your dreams, just not too closely
Pitt football, Penguins, and the Steelers. Oh my! Try not to forget about Dave and Andys. We are serving up Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Ice Cream!
seriously?! LMFAO!! I only do the two in case a notification comes in simultaneously and cancels one. Crazy. Lol
The Majic gotta step they game up. Its
watch tv
Tried to be as productive as possible today only to fnd out that every place I needed 2 be was closed in observance of New Years on Jan 2nd?
u will never follow me righ :(
I wanna meet she is my idol. I love her so much
Today, think not of yourself, but for the betterment of someone else
I'm so, so very sorry. This is never easy. Sending you virtual hugs.
We did - together with Kris Wetterlund at Sandbox Studios. Thanks for the compliment! Very fun board!
gonna watch the midnight premiere of the hunger games.
I don't know much about her. Saw her on SNL and was not very interested.
You're a Mets fan
Where is budget records?
Support independent artists!
As a pro DJ & amateur tennis player, I am always preparing for my sets. What are you focused on?
yo u just emailed about promotions k.e emailed me today about my music i think he want to work with me my email is deante17
Maybe I should add that I'd be less annoyed with the people at baggage claim.
R.I.P. Donna Summer...
that or it's got a creepy mike tyson complex.
you think??
TONIGHT @ 5440 Penn Ave: Vintage fashions & housewares from Shannon Merenstein & Food from &
haha thanks. We'll work on it for you
it's his best by a considerable distance still, I think.
Presidio 10 miler next month, then WF Long are on the docket. More races being considered.
Safe to say this is the last game of Baron Davis's career sad but true
Which reminds me... Had a deep conversation the other night about life and what it means to create and give life to the world. How do you?
I cant wait till May 24th ...
Way to go Memphis you fucked me over
Braun is in the lineup.
Kevin Hart have you on the floor?
Getting drunk, clubbing, fist pumping like 😜
basically not tryna get nobody "off"
Thank you so much. Book will be released very soon. I would say within a couple of weeks unless there are glitches.
in 4 years we will meet then!! Haha oh boy. Or an adub concert. Since im stalking them this summer...wait what?
Goal of the Day: Ice cream...donuts...chips...think of one item that you shouldn't eat and commit to reducing your intake of that item.
m you need to work out more....join me at the gym also known as gay church lol
Have a question? Don't want to call? Chat live with the ladies of Showcases at www.showcases1.com
it probably wasn't a good idea to mention a roundtrip in front of TK :)
Tips for Arts & Humanities Month - Learn a friendly greeting in another language. Celebrate the humanities everyday!
This storm is great! Haha with Alex Austin Blake and Chase(:
Did she send it to you?
Big Pun Was That Nigga Tho
A very rough day!! When is the weeks out of the Leadoff spot talk going to start?
Mr Beards class
I second Jayne's, also is parentally lovely. But hey--Dick's Last Resort has ambiance too! ;-)
My daughters Epic 21st bday is ova! Tomorrow I start radiation. In 6 weeks I might be done with these treatments *fingers crossed*
I really need to start running again. Ahahah :P
thunder in 5
In Biology Sleepy A'f.
Come with us May 19 :)
Just emailed Craig about a cool fitness story idea! Hope to hear back soon! Thanks :)
Kentucky will play Georgetown in the Big East-SEC challenge this season.
Portland Trail Blazers are winning 64-33 in the 3rd quarter against oklahoma.
Cleaning my aunts house brings back old memories. :)
Plus, anyone who didn't bet the over on KP's total is feeling pretty good right now :)
I'm out at the Graffito for my birthday dinner with my mom and dad! There 1st time here.
my won't arrive until May 14th :\
Aulophobia- Fear of flutes
Thank you
I got that e-mail from them, too! It made me nostalgic.
Best wishes for great movies and great moments with friends and loved ones in 2012!
I hate it here. My family is the least supportive ppl I've ever fucking met. Screw you guys. I'm on my own.
I absolutely love Safari... I'll never stray from you
THAT'S JUST HOW I TYPE...NO ALTERNATIVE EXPRESSIONS, I'M CHILL...
I can't wait to hear all the DIY jokes about the new IKEA HDTV!
Interesting debate that mirrored the exact one we had when I was in law school. I think it was good for other students to see debate.
lol if I dnt get hungry
Helping residents stay cool. Gatorade & Water! High Quality H20
Have been using a program called Gas Mask on my Mac
hanging out with yo peoples?
Oh irony...
RT: If someone is genuinely trying, don't keep bringing up their past. It takes courage to change. Just support them.
are you in Bloomington?
why are you still in Anderson?!
The Philadelphia Union stadium is actually in Chester, about 1/2 hour away. Very nice it is too.
Back to work. So many story ideas. Where do we start?
Will do! Thanks for the heads up!
I never settle for good...only GREAT!
The only thing weirder than black chewing gum is finding some deposited on one's own nightstand and not knowing how it got there
Yes please! Christmas special + wine + xmas tree decorating =
I think I'm goin to try to stay away from the strip this weekend
#DrakeCriesWhen I beat him at connect 4.
Why does Florida smell like farts? Anybody?
ha real funny..
What's shakin'? Where you been?
i saw the an all Twyla Tharp program tonight. I don't know if you've seen her but I see a lot of Tharp in your choreo!
PHAME sends congrats to U of P player Micaela Capella for winning tonight's round 3 - PHAME still earns $3500 from generous donors!
Why does the world as I know it, keep on bringing me down?
Happy Easter everyone!!!
lol what was wrong with my statement?
The law suit against the NFL, is nothing more than a money grab. How many of these former players are broke?
does that qualify you as the 6th member and/or being related to a member of ? No. So, there's your answer
Hm. What kind of treats? Worth missing a mid day hockey game?
did you end up getting a new car negro?
This is making me think of our personality colors... maybe they should be on our business cards!
AP is having a sale; including 2 of my wishlist prints. Why do i not have a job right now ;-;
Seeks legal recruiter to work w/one of NYCs leading atty recruiters. Prior exp a +. comp competitive.
Screw the haters and the people who cause pain you are worth it so much more than people may say you are
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
NO I DIDN'T!!
I like a girl with a lil height.
It should be a crime to put soy sauce in a hot sauce. Taco Bell, you lose. forever, vato.
RT : RexCon exhibiting a vintage Rex concrete mixer at World of Concrete, stop by North Hall Booth N445
Can we pretend this NEVER really happened?
The Firemen had axes. Glad those weren't necessary.
waiting for and !!!
#princetonreview cheated on tests and attendance cards for no children left behind. Really?? This is how we teach our kids?
You should meet her, she's really nice. I think you'd like her.
Happy weekend! Entertaining? PPL has LOTS of cookbooks...try your hand at Indian, Italian or something new!
Great job on #idol tonight!!! You did amazing tonight :)
loll. dramatic contingency planning.
New Icon !1 What chu al think?
BOO BUS PUB CRAWL! 4 PUBS 1 NIGHT - HARP, BLACK ROSE, RC'S, & TRINITY - FREE - TWEET ME TO RESERVE A SPOT ON THE BUS!
Nick: Hey look outsideMe:ugh okay Nick:tell me why it looks like it's 6:30 but it's really only 6:25! #nationalbestfriendday NickEtienne2
I love u even when u don't deserve my love.
Hallelujah is right RT A place in #Newton Centre that isn't a bank or a place selling slacks for Grampa!
Gabriela - he suffers nothing to draw him aside
Just got an account! Excited to play around with it. Love the idea of Pandora-esque "art genome" project.
Do you ever have those days where u wish you could empty your entire apartment and redo the whole thing? Id get rid of so much. *GarageSale
this Thursday feels like Monday ... :(
Marathon Petroleum: Midstream strategic alternatives evaluation process update
Haha. Honestly, I'm not even surprised.
most city hotels don't so I don't go anywhere without my jumprope. Totally almost took out a lamp though...
#thewalkingdead... incredible ending. Wish I didn't have to wait so long for some more
It's 5! First 5 people to tell me the name of Toby Keith's Album with the song Red Solo Cup on it, wins a spot on our guestlist! GO!
let me know when you get here. I am downstairs in the restaurant area waiting for u guys
Thought about working in Bellevue for a couple of hours. Reflex put me back in my car & straight to the Hill LOL
Don't be snooty booty
great half eagles! 20 more minutes...
I've voted my outfit best use of color. Holler.
Anytime my friend. I love me some WordPress.
Thanks for the support!
Yeah! Super excited! Not sure when I leave yet. End of July or beg of August. I REALLY want to meet while there!
send me a pic
Thank you Solutions for supporting the #ourkidsyourkids for
#HungerStrike63Days and Israel still can't fabricate anything to charge Khader Adnan with?
pretty please 8D
Have you voted yet? One hour left!!!
The only food I have consumed over the past 3 days has been from McDonald's.
We SO need a virtual assistant!
Getting ready for my 7 mile urban hike through Mt. Tabor this morning!
To be fair, I just stood next to her at a cocktail party. But I will nevertheless accept your envy.
What's the story behind the mom protesting on Watertown Plank this wk, sign says her kid is in treatment & she is forbidden to see him?
working while watching the caps game -- two websites go live on Monday, JHU and a national car care brand
The zipper on my lucky brand jeans won't stay up. I wonder if they are hinting at something.... or someone ;) haha
We didn't want to interrupt your viewing of Fast Five. Sorry.
But, if Rockets win tonight and end up in a 3-way tie with Mavs & Suns at 36-30, Suns would lose out.
no. He got kicked out.
how? Do you get naked and run around? Doesn't sound crazy to me!
Photos frequently separated from the names of creators (sometimes intentionally)
Excited to see the whole Blonde Crew reunited in over ten years on Saturday!
was thinking I maybe need a drink depending on what time you are going
Bad start. Lost half my stack.
Yeah, its just so sun-shiny, I'm immediately suspicious that its some plan for privatized schooling.
Couple a's b'zc's bad bitch double d's poppin e's i dont give a f told ya imma g
Nina Simon says no money, no bullshit as community engagement.
Playing at Lilly's tonight in Lincoln Park with and company. Let's make music! 9:30pm hit.
Agreed there. And it's tough knowing exactly when to go to the doc anyway. I always second-guess myself for $$ sake.
I know I'm a geek bc when I read the words, "free full text" I get so excited.
Relationships with faculty. Curriculum mapping for collection development and library instructional design.
Your CSR/sustainability and brand voice must be the same - Henk Campher
Funny when on tour I meet a local the day of gig that acts very interested in my music only to say "I'll come hear U next time I'm in NY!"
hey hey buddy china~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiid u got me tangled n twisted! RT : Y'all probably be the main 1's runnin from it! Lol
Love hearing more about MSFT System Center for virtualizing and incorporating a cloud structure.
What do you have plained for the big 6-0-sixty. October friday the 13th?.
Tyler Hansbrough is going to push Bosh to get mean as the series progresses. Scrappy ,passionate have never described Bosh. Great matchup
Hippie Hallow is a great one that is super close. Or we have have bunch of great trails here on property.
That is why I am way over here!!
I haven't been to the gym in 5 days
We are all part of something beautiful.
It's a CONSPIRACY.
nothing & you !! how you been <3
Treating myself to a movie date.
two weeks from today, we will be alums of brookwood high.
im w/ u sister he is
I'm sure you trying to make a point, I'm just not sure I'm getting it though.
T2: more like "aging in Community," like the "village" idea - support of neighbors
who told you?
Washing like laundry soap?
lol!! That's what he says but mine is like super lightly shaded and small and his is like big and freakin solid black hahah
#allgamejobs #jobs this one is for the heavy hitters, need an online systems architect for a big time role in NYC. Ping for more!
Dear -- great job reporting that the Brewers are in 2nd place. The Diamondbacks are 15-2 and in FIRST place.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
I have an hour to get ready now.
Sorry, no streaming. We will be tweeting results here RT : Is there a link to watch the show streaming?
when do #battleship come out tho?
#iJustLoveItWhen - you wake up with the Morning text from that special someone!
Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
$tay Busy! Sleep=Broke!
RT : #AMuslimIs someone you would love if you would just stop fearing him/her
Flowers rock!
Mixing the new records is just about done. is treating us right.
#thingsthatmakemesmile my random crazy
MyWayDay! “You have your way.I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.”-Friedrich Nietzsche
yay I finished. sort of. Bed time lol z
And guess what, , Harbach is coming for an Author Talk! xo to you and Linda.
blood trail all the way down to the nurses office
Florida Panthers can clinch its first playoff berth since 1999-2000 with a home win Tuesday vs. Winnipeg.
I Think Alot Of People Have A Crush On Peyton I Do! But Im Not Obbsessed Like Alot Of Other Dudes
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Day after xmas, the united flight that never was: 5 hrs in o'hare, delay, delay, canceled, rebook, delay. joys of xmas travel.
whatwhatwhat?! RT : So Obama, Stephen Colbert, and Jimmy Fallon are all at UNC today?
Made it to sf! There appear to be 2 crazy people here for every normal. Hope they come to the show! Doors
The first instinct in a crisis is to act immediately. Just do something. But take the time for a viable plan.
Nun much just back home.
Thanks for following! We love you & your tweets!
no grad school then?
ok so i just follow them or something wat should i do
Chillin in this boring ass class eatin as usual lol
It took me a long time to find them
Retweet this if you like laughing (:
Goodbye, AWP. Hello, sleep.
Mitt Romney really thinks his dog WANTED to ride in a cage on top of his car for 12 hrs rather than IN the car?
"yes" I needa type it tho.
lol okay margarita first
I wasn't kidding
Sometimes, the only thing you can do for a person is to come along side of them and cry.
If by "grown" you mean "burned into my retinas" I'm there with you!
Miso soup and yogurt covered pretzels and good company. Keeping my head above water. Things I did today.
No better time than the present.
Only a couple of hours to open our Etsy shop! Aren't you excited? We are!!
Okieeeee. Have fun sir. I'll talk to you in a mo'.
Multimedia Software Developer: Ulead Systems
Can stem cell therapy help diabetic retinopathy?
Thank you to for today's Webinar!
everytime someone cuts me off, i say "oh, cool" out loud.
Busy week /:
Hope is patience with the lamp lit. Tertullian 160 ~ 240, Roman
Len needs to stay out of foul trouble. Our only chance is with him and Padge on the floor.
tell em what they wanna hear, move on..
Hello Cindy thanks for the follow...I will follow you as well. What are some of your writing topics...?
anyone ever tell u - u look like the chick on finding bigfoot?!!
what up fam
no way. Its. Reason Kobe has a ring and AI doesn't. And a reason AI is no longer in the NBA.
Chillin at home...may go to da casino in a minute.
Our first tweet! Thank you Twitter! We here at UR Hollywood look forward to bringing you the business like no other! We call it The Biz!
Count on it.
love it! Rock that shit
Sometimes it's good to cry things out, but I wish it didn't have to be this way.... :'(
That is fantastic -- congratuations, and welcome to the ROC!
way to defer responsibility.
time, mixed with love, patience, and leavened by sweeter memory
Awe was wif me n to
In the next 20 plus days friends and family will be here in #vegas to celebrate Amy and my Union! I'm very excited!
Everyone keep your fingers crossed that it doesnt rain on satruday!!!
o.O
I can honestly say I'm happy. I haven't felt sincerely great like this for a long time.
RT : "You know what we need in this country? To get less shit done in the senate" - Indiana GOP logic
Enjoyed the new music video. Pretty sweet!
I'm in here now, Dream. At 4am!! Come on in! ;-)
IF U LOVE HARRY STYLES FOLLOW SHE LIVES IN HARRY'S KITCHEN!!!!!!!
Maybe I'm not remembering it all that well, but it certainly seems like February was warmer than April this year. Strange times.
MY FINGER HURTS SO BAD! it's like burning! ughughughughughhh!
Brandon is amazing. <3
U r welcome! yes indeed!!!
Watching Billy Crystal host the Oscars tonight is like visiting someone in hospice. Just watching them slowly die.
Ugh so sleepy :/z
Yes, Bobcats and NBA team are 2 different categories that are not interchangeable.
So I am no longer Chava Turk Tyj but still can't tweet everyone including billy Burke and kelly clarkson
Sneezing & driving is very dangerous
Going to see think like a man act like a lady wit my man dat if he dnt change his main to go see sum else
I still don't know the exact day I'm going up north but I'll let u know :)
Fina pick her up n ride around the city on my bike
Me: "Let's take 10 minutes to discuss what 'queer' might mean." Student: "The dis-identification with hetero-normativity." Me: "Um. Yeah."
too late!
me to Need to wash clothes!!!”
I have a headache :(
This and Crumpler very popular >>> RT when he hit Vick going in for the TD in the playoffs. Best part the TD was called back.
A little late to #ynpnchat and #fundchat, feel like I'm watching a tennis match trying to catch up!
Register for "pantherFILE-Web Client" course on Tuesday, Dec. 7th. It's the last FREE short course of the semester. www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Pantalones en fuego. You were only awake for half of that game.
many thanks Ted!
that's one of my favorite things in older tv shows and movies. I spotted jack black in bye bye love the other day.
how'd they do it -- VoiceMemo app or other app?
I'm having so many problems,I can't hold it much longer. is your lil brother home?
Disco day was great!!! We hope everyone had an awesome time!
Dear #recallwalker signature gatherers, today and 4 weeks from now we vote. You got us here. Thank you.
I'm sorry, but we didn't order any of the pain in the ass.
And I wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know!!
Wood & 5th would actually be bigger concern to me; artics + obnoxious valet parkers seems like bad combo.
Working on the new album...coming out soon
Christmas Eve is flying, but at least I'm not flying on Christmas Eve! Thankful!
definitely, but treason!
Is it possible to do an internship Studios?
I hate it when they use a lot of text in a video - kinda defeats the purpose
Huge road win! So proud of our guys. They just fought and battled all game.
should notice me someday(:
I FOLLOWED HER :)
Where the fight party at??
you're madd funny!
hopefully when i wake up in the morn will follow me
I'll leave your cold soup at the top of the stairs
what happens on June 12?
Check out the site. The problems U mentioned earlier shld B fixed. We R all excited 2 have a new site up & running
Critics were right - #NYR don't have much offense.
Can't wait for tomorrow, going to sharonda house! (:
Question: What's worse than flying? Answer: Absolutely nothing...FACT
So nice outside. Makes me want to not do any work and go lay out side.... in a perfect world...
Saturday! What Happened In Vegas, Rival Summers and Phone Calls From Home at the iLounge! Who's coming?!
This trailer is just simply amazing. Please watch and consider supporting my good friend, Master Illusionist I!...
class act
My mother was a real woman
umm where did u go? Lol
I'm going to bed after a hard day of converting oxygen to carbon dioxide.
responded again
Updating my profile!
getting soo exctied for NEW YORK CITY again with my faves
Spending my day interviewing some of the top chefs in the Twin Cities. Not a bad gig.
Depeche Mode is amazing!
Where Justin going to school at
If you have a topic that you would like to discuss DM me and I'll add it to the discussion. Please RT and tell your friends!
I like to play around with these. They are all simple and recreational. I use deco planner three on my pc
I really fucked that tweet up.
Greg is on message, even on his birthday! RT : . is back on the campaign trail, and back on Twitter. Follow him today.
I just died. I don't even care if she was funny. I just love her.
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS HIW HAPPY I AM THAT AUSTIN'S COMING BACK TO NEW YORK!!!
This nigga made Juan Gonzales better. LOL Whaaaaaa?? I don't even know how.
made ME finish!
#JayZSyncShow Probably the best show you are not at
2nd tour! Come find us in east village. Next up Bub's!!
Brio restaurants in New York A Family Brand Classic Italian Fare, High Quality Food, modern decor Its Home!
Just cried watching give birth on #SisterWives. I'm a mess!
#Pandora turned up
The first being, i'm the 5th therapist they've gone through. 2nd, they're in denial about his Downs.
On my last day I'm gonna tell everybody how I feel/felt about them
you're very welcome! It was great to see you guys as well:) you all did amazing!
RT : Be cool if I could check my email on my fridge.
RT : what engineering field are you studying >> mechanical
who did you hear that from? I haven't heard that at all
You know you're a cheap caffeine addict when you are anxiously counting down the minutes until #Starbucks frappy hour starts
not to mention the recent probation that's dug them the hole that's taken them forever to get out of they never remember.
good night
"Moneyball means finding undervalued attributes through the data" this is coming to recruitment -
I am in the mood to make some easter art. Will dig through bunny stuff tonight and start in morning...
<--Pretty much! Tell them small hefers 2 stay quiet! Big girls r talking & big money walking!
Watching #Grease (: Love that movie!!!!!!!
I mean come on i have friends and a boyfriend for that matter i shouldnt feel like this
Unfortunately, no. He was really subtle, so they can see how uncomfortable I was and how I moved his hands, but not bad touch.
Happiness starts with, one word. One joke. One text. One phone call. One song. One hug. One kiss. And stops with, one mistake..
Agree. Must increase profit, reduce cost, gain competitive advantage, or increase the value of the biz or it's a waste.
#fatassprobz don't seem to be your thing.. Spanish food, and delish though.
#MayDay protests and game... Today's commute ain't gonna be pretty...
you are so slow!!!!
That moment when you get to your class late and everyone is starring at you.
Love each other or perish
Welcome new followers and - thank you!
My sister just said "sex"
Scott Fortune's 'Falsely Accused' book signing at Books & More in Wilmington, Ohio this Saturday @ 2pm.
Most leaders aren't born w/ extraordinary abilities; rather, they develop skill sets by learning, practicing, refining them daily.-JW
I don't believe Floyd "Woman Beater" Mayweather is all altruistic about supporting gay marriage...
Oh And member if u have a guy friend that your really close 2 and want 2 date, some can run friendships after you break up.
Finally at my aunts house in California ! Haha
I see. To be honest, I don't really know what the Droplr limit is but I think it's 25MB per file, perfect for quick sharing.
yes!!! You better come back this summer my dude!
#EarthWindAndFire will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on June 21st!
Teaching business class tonight on tech and social media. Thought I should twitter for the discussion.
Lowkey I didnt put no music on that mix because of them jerseys smh....
I love how she is a mini version of me :)
You both have awesome taste! RT: Chocolate covered ones RT : Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Chewy Granola
but im not one of those wild crazy chicks, that just a nightime hobby. i get sober very quickly
just did the same...SunTrust is no better. Adding checking and debit fees
Monday. I think I'll start a all-girl folk band called Mary, Kate and Ashley Olson.
now that commish onboard, when will they decide on expansion. ESPN/CBS want to know if UofL still in BE before new deals done
i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u♡
The new World Trade Center becoming America's newest middle finger towards terrorism. #TFM. via
im praying for my babe right now... i hope everything is going well..
I was indeed sleeping, but you wouldn't have woken me up. I don't hear my phone. Lol.
Decisions decisions
but it is on #CBS online
hey there
Sycamores maintain the lead at halftime, 38-26. looking good so far.
claro a mi no me contestas
what's <3 got 2 do wit it got 2 do wit it! What's <3 got 2 do wit u buying my cookiaaa!! Lol ^.^
#twitteroff. Going to the homies. Glad to have you back Ben!
haha I know i think I got some good ones for you!
this whole thing is gross. Suggestive of massive program incompetence
lets take a trip to the motha fuckin slaughterhouse.
Good call! RT 'Don't use the word engagement. Customers don't use it, so don't use it, it's just a fat word'.
Hi. I'll do #FFs later but thanks for the Follow. :)
So has already declared that the death on Madison was the city's fault, more specifically Sam Adams for putting lane there.
For now, seeing Gspurning in goal for instead of is like watching fake Kramer in that Seinfeld episode
One nice thing about working with women is that I always know how the temperature in the library feels.
Can someone deliver me some coconut water and a new liver please?
Do you know who was moderating for Schiller in the Big Babies panel?
No riding today, but there's always tomorrow.
On my way to court..smh wish me luck
#Posterous is having all sorts of technical glitches since being acquired by #Twitter. Can't post reliably or access my sites.
Huh? wait, what? My wife says I should do that RT I am acquainted with no immaterial sensuality so delightful as good acting.
"I'm not a 'sexy' 'beautiful' woman." –Megan Fox #Don’thatemebecauseI’mbeautiful,hatemebecauseI’maliar
excellent observation
Test to see who's reading my posts. So, leave me a one-word comment about your day that starts with the third letter of your first name.
Oh, HELL yeah. Love me some
Why's that?
Shawty´s like a melody in my head That I can´t keep out Got me singin´ like Na na na na everyday
Anyone that says something sketchy I can say "are you willing to take a lie detector test for that?" lol
I am sending my first tweet - TWEET :)
My 3 year old sister singing Part of Me by Katy Perry >>>>>>>> it's an overload of cuteness. Omg haha ^.^
The Crimson Armada, Attila, and Chelsea Grin were just so Dam amazing last night.. Well, a few hours ago.
The idea is simple: to try and make $1M (US) by selling 1,000,000 pixels for $1 each. $800K would then be donated to cancer research!
My line to my vegetarian date: "It'll be nice to sit and watch you eat while I drink tap water." I tease.
Boo, I thought today was Saturday! One more day. Grhhh!
if your choosing between a friend and a lover decide who's going to be there longer .
VERY soon! :)
great! How bout u boo?
Yes sub for 2nd block I'm in a great mood to free periods :-)
Still didn't watch the last 2 Survivor episodes. Too sleepy now. I'll read 1 1/2 pages of my book and then doze off like an 80 yr old. poo
Scene it pisses me off.
"A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd." - James Crook RT
1100 is the number of Arabian nights added to the number of problems Jay Z has.
& I are still plugging away
Of course. I mentioned it at least 4 times this month.
When Vin left i cried every night for a week...It is gonna be sad watching them dance on abdc without Vin but its gonna cool to see Julian(:
Hi Sherane! I have some items to bring by today for the #ClosetSwap on Sunday. When is a good time to drop them off?
Still have questions that didn't get answered at the meeting yesterday, tweet and we will try to answer them
#notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
Yeah I'm class thank you! What's your fave band/song? X
Live quick, die quicker
I've been seeing them by the truckload- someone must like them. ;) They are actually banned in some of the hotels around here!
Good idea: quick stop at In-N-Out in my on my way to LAX
Soon I will have four eyes...I'm getting glasses.
No winking, no. I'm just awkward. And clumsy. And I stutter.
Kevin Sumlin's #CougarHigh blows conference title game. So, yes, he's a perfect fit for the Ags. You're hired!
no CBI or intramural football love?
He is a racist, that is why John stayed in his seat!
I can't wait either , I want this day to go by fast.
This is how you know I wanna do something im cleaning the whole upstairs ! #GottaBribeTheParents lol
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
Sighh planned on leaving canada early Dec, but now having a $10million gtd sunday mil on 12/18, $2m up top for a $215 bi, nutty
Off to the beach!
You rule! I thought i already was....
guess i like the way you smile with your eyes other guys see it but dont realise ha its m-m-my lovin. - niall horann <3
How I Met Your Mother session, my big giraffe, tea, and my boyfriends big sweater. ☕😚❤
I need to write a program to organize docs and PDFs ... Anyone have a starting point?
Christopher Plummer wearing navy velvet #FTW!
Good news, bad news
Leadership - I light my candle from their torches.
team America world police. Plain and simple.
What a blessed 2011! I can't wait to see what 2012 holds! May you all be blessed with the love, joy & peace of Christ in the new year!!!
that's there as well but his passing & ability to run an offense are too damn good.
looks like fun! I did something maybe like that to train student consultants about packet routing many moons ago...
He did not die because he had a hoodie, he died because some pig shot him in cold blood and is not paying for his crime!!
I wanna go on I think id kill that shyt...hm
DG personality type: very withdrawn.
nice on all accounts.
I bought a fish, named it after my ex-boss and flushed it down the toilet. It's really the little things in life.
Send in your pictures of your flow now! So we can check out whats out there..
Just seen the funnist shit ever my nigga just fought the playmakerz cashier because he didnt give him a refund on his shoes
The moon rise was beautiful in CA last night too! HUGE but faint pastel because it was still light out. Camera out tonight!
On that note, I've become increasingly interested in hip-hop scholarship. Any seminal works I should seek out first?
: sometimes you just have to stop though. What IS this story you're telling.
Thank you!
We will announce the names of the winners when we open ticket sales Monday morning, March 19th.
welcome! now, good luck on keeping up w/ instapaper back file. Plus no NYT stories (even if you save each page) will really save.
Anyone know of a good list of database vendors with mobile versions?
Not as much as you enjoy tweeting strippers it appears...
yea he does have Twitter
I think my parents don't understand that I have depression and still do
Timofay Mozgof needs to spend all off season working on his 3-ball...
Not really fair to compare FB friends of "GM," since people use GM's brands, not the corp.
Couple dozen protesters turn their backs on Gov. Scott Walker as he lights Capitol Christmas tree.
Dedication: MARIA GUEVARRO, I love you 2, Miss you 2. I am sorry. RIP.
LA, SF or Tokyo?
bakin' a plain* cake
if I could I'd "like" this.
Merry Christmas to everyone! :)
You are in for a treat. Samoa's or whatever they are called are my FAV!
Actually celebrating cinco de mayo in a Mexican restaurant.
Wit bianca kikin back at the hospital B)
I always thought he was behind the couch. Good luck with your pregnancy! And get as much sleep as possible now.
Guess you better tell phone is about to die. Night everyone.
ATL would beat simple plan with out a doubt but I think jack would be evenly matched with David :)
Heading to Alpaugh Scholars mtg with at the Looking forward to discussing economic development.
Are you sure - tv reporting wounded.
Got gnuplot installed on OpenBSD. Problem with Boost (I think) on HippoDraw, so no joy there.
Well-that was not the way I thought the day would go-however between the many trips to the water closet -I did work a bit. Now-back to work
& sad “: via : Council made mods but passes the ped & bike improvements & NVa. install in 6 weeks. Ironic”
Trip up to Rochester. Don't miss out! Or Utica Club.
i wanna take a twitter break but idk if i should :/ should i or not?
Going to lay down with my hot lady!!!
thank you! U think u can find out for me by Monday? Cause I'll hold tix for you so that i don't sell out yet
How about some good wholesome romantic " Art of Noise"- Moments in Love
are you fucking kidding me dimitri? Are you fucking serious? You're lucky I don't fuck you up the next time I see you.
supply-side economics started on a napkin sketch of a bell curve. the whole story is fascinating.
Austin is 16 here in the UK:')
Thank you for the press pass & for a live tweet opportunity. Love the show!
? What do models for native education look like?
man I missed mikey!!!!!! FML): only if I was online when he was!
Thank you! :D
just saw your Italian Stallion and agan he asked if you were working ! I think he has a crush :-)
"either i find a way or i make one" www.smirkclothing.com
don't get away game tickets but you know I've got you when you are back in the MIA!
I really enjoyed your blog.
It's depressing to look at pics for a house you know you can afford at asking price, but know you can't by the end of the bidding war.
So jel! I love that relient k makes you think of me<3
#nowwatching A little piece of heaven-Avenged Sevenfold(:
Clark, thanks for the follow.
Game on! (by the way...very nice interview)
2 finals 6/23, 1 midterm Monday, another class starts too. Looking forward to getting out of town in July. Any good shows we should go to?
Morning! morning everyone
Who is Basil Marceaux and will he be Tennessee's next governor?
BE (Business Empowerment) Networking Event: D'OR after work Thursdays (204 w. 55th St.) 2 for 1 Drinks 5-7pm | Everyone FREE w/BE Network
Thanks for the update! Loving the game so far. Everyone's fervor regarding server status simply re-enforces that view.
New Jersey: Gov. Chris Christie lifts spirits of New Jersey winemakers with law to loosen sales restrictions. Via Press Of Atlantic City
me too fam me too
But congrats!
Dear Santa, Can I please have under my tree :) I've been a good mahomie :D Sincerely, Mahomies
Just watched 2nd episode of Girls: let's get over ourselves & understand that women (anyone) have never seen anything like this.
