Happy Thanksgiving
You're just asking to have your whole face ripped off with that gift. That's all monkeys do. Rip off faces.
good good ! you ?
Yes! Crazy!
Almost time :-)
Target introduces mobile gift cards
dont let go of her man
...watching Carney on #CNN now talking about provision in American Jobs Act for getting women back to work, good move Barry, good move...
Goals for 2012, starting today instead of couple of weeks
24 hours until the Fabulous European Wine Tent Tasting San Francisco 2pm Sunday
the niggas that hate cause they aint doing shit with there life <<
followed sorry it took so long to follow back been caught up wit exams and softball!! :) -anna
nope! it's a nice weight.
Save the date 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant April 17-18 www.distinct-impressions.net
only on TV. We only have the lake in Chicago.
Its wonderful to c some of the best of the best back on #DOOL. U were very much missed.
is it dangerous and cloyingly optimistic to assume that was maybe the low point?
“The discovery of a good wine is increasingly better for mankind than the discovery of a new star.” — Leonardo da Vinci
Day 1 of farming here I come. It is going to be nice to make some extra money.
Thank you! We love the animals and are glad you do too! The turtle is mindful and steady, and full of strength!
tell me about it...
Agency ecosystem: Softservers—software companies that integrate marketing services—are quickly evolving / emerging
If you hurt an Aquarius, they will remember it throughout the rest of their life and perhaps there’s no guarantee you’ll be forgiven
Martin is pretty damn funny
Sometimes your biggest battle is to believe in yourself
gr8 day 4 in Senate ed. Bills on campus smoking en4cmnt, preventing LGBT bullying, and improving c student success approved!
plz follow me!! That would make 1 of my dreams comd true :-)
Finishing up reading "Fat Girl" (& thank god for that b/c it's a brutal story.)
Hey, maybe one time we could make a sitcom where the husband is out of the wife's league and the wife says stupid shit all the time.
someone had a good weekend lol
RT : oh and i've totally become obsessed with microsoft onenote :) :) :)
#Rangers Win!!! One more win to get to the World Series!
That looks just like how a horror movie would start.
Overcompensation is the sincerest form of FLATtery.
: lol! yes! hope you are having a better more productive tuesday than i!
is running bout 2 miles from her house to my house :)
I doubt R. Buckminster Fuller would approve of the people in that dome
I think my twitter got hacked fml
I'm not a sensitive type but you fail to realize many would love a child who functioned as well as Rain Man!
I know. I have a feeling that joint damage makes that impossible for me, but I'll settle for energy to paint when I have time.
So ready for Football season, even though i am enjoying this Orioles Magic
Fuck me, I'm a celebrity, Can't take your eyes off me. I know you wanna fuck me just to get somewhere.
Just A TN Girl With Major Awesomeness :)
linked in is great for professional connections. Helps to see what businesses people are a part of and interested in!
LOL-->It's a beautiful day when someone buys ur insane, humongous package!
Please don't forget cave Stand your ground for the people!
God is Good Greg jennings last year after the super bowl was giving God all the Glory!! Packers 4 Christ!!
can I take you on a journey called love?/
YES. I've got my ticket for their DC show.
I've held my tongue long enough. When is going to call out on their "Bob's one-for-one" shoes?
Thanks :D
me too.
calm under pressure. That's funny. Not nice to lie
Reading about the "for Benefit" enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For & Non profits spectacular
This ice cream feels like heaven right now ☺
I have been told my laugh is pretty distinctive lol, I personally think its just loud, but maybe that's what distinctive is...
two years ago.
we can help with your iPad typing skills. Who knows maybe the TapTyping training will even translate to traditional keyboards too.
lol no. Girls have better singing voices. In my opinion at least. Lol. I suck doe ;-;
Verizon gets iPhone in 3 days
haha ofcourse! :P ha after i go on a year long shopping spree ! :D
too bad! We should have a tweet-meet soon!
I can't wait to lift with tonight!
5 days of tabling shows/conferences has left my wings drooping. uggh.
This is what i mean when i feel like i cant go to no one
Can't Sleep ^.^
nvm dude, just watched the video..is renonites your new shit with MEL?
maybe 1000 people in this opening talk?
hahahaha that's awesome!
Glad there are so many people in Edmonds who care about their heart health.
good morning baby. I'm feeling ok. Thx for asking. How u feeling today baby?
scotty!! you are amazing!! =)
Probably pirated.
- I knew San Diego is known for its brewers, but had no idea there were 40!
what else am i supposed to say? i hope i get shot?
Knock knock knocking on the senates door
Kevin and Kyle on the fancy beer, Deb and Dave on the coors light?!
I have a 1pc I always find suits in sears that actually fit me, but i am self conscience & nvr wear
This race is bigger than San Diego now, it's about what type of future we want and who we want to lead us there.
Go look at my party flyer of Facebook.
uhmmm Good morning!!!.
Mar 18th Jamaican Gold host Queens Nite w/J-Ross Parrelli (LIVE from NY) inside LA-VIDA (1448 Gower St.Hollywood Ca 90028) Rsvp 919 JAM-GOLD
Tutor tomorrow
Good luck today!
#20ThingsAboutMe I love to spend time with friends
I hope you still pray for them.
That's my motto as well!
Like a damn Cronenberg movie.
don't worry about it!! She knows u! That's what matters ... it will be fine!
thanks. this is part of the reason you're MY favorite. *HUG*
Congrats Hayley Emerick, awarded the prestigious NCAA Postgrad Scholarship, & graduating Saturday! (Also, four time SCAC diver of the year)
Thanks a lot bro. People listened to you. Haha.
do you guys deliver?
Dress for Success. Attend a presentation with professional tailor and Brooks Brothers associate Louise Perkins, 6pm in Kogod Student Lounge
muzzled is the most appropriate way to describe it :p
Congrats to our two freshman on getting bids to , that makes 5 of the 6 starting golfers as members!
I love the BIG Box of crayons, preferably with MORE than 64 colors. ; )
Rally crowd joining hands around Capitol to Beatles' "Revolution."
Holy shizz my birthday is almost here!!:D
The frist thing maciek says when he gets to the school bus is my di$k is a tank....even thoe he doesnt hav one...hehhehe...
Baby you, you got what I need..
Heard through the grapevine that my stepson might be in the building 2day...
Everyone should eat the fried manchego - Basically made of wow.
great thinking!
Bag of Nestle semisweet chocolate chips:"Tear here to make sweet memories." Hows wearin snuggie & tampon watchin Pawn Stars smellin dog fart
and a good morning to you both. I hope the sun is shining where you are!
i couldn't disagree more! I can see something a long alanis morissette mixed w thos frecreditreport.com guys
Woke up to good #nats news!
yeah....I'd rather see an oh face!!!
gotta develop the ability to understand a statement from the context...;)
12lbs in a month is a lot! congrats! I'm inspired and proud of you too :) And no diet food. I dont buy it either.
Michael Carroll wants copyright to do its job in society, which isn't happening now.
Join us next time!
Not to second guess the devil but wouldn't an even better trick have been convincing the world God didn't exist?
thanks for the plug!
"Happiness is only a byproduct of successful living." -- Austen Riggs, psychiatrist
So proud of for getting his diploma today.
Now bring on the aches and pains. No these are NOT tears of joy, though maybe watchign the Olympics later I can have some of those too.
To be a teacher in the right sense is to be a learner. ~Soren Kierkegaard
Frankly my dear, I dont give a damn.
Having trouble finding our Notebooks at your local Borders? Email and she will help you find some!
There really should be a hugging booth.
James Marcelin was waived by the #timbers for non-soccer issue, while the club signed D Stephen Smith for 2012 season. Most interesting.
Shooting a crazy spec today with
Really? When do you get in? So exciting.
I don't agree that anything post-CFB should be included. But if NFL success is viewed as a plus, then so should Thomas' career
. The chicken nachos at the new Busch Stadium are delicious too.
Not too bad! I think I must make my own.
I don't only listen to rap, hip hop & slow jams
weird. I usually max out my connection on steam downloads.
Thank you for following us! We look forward to connecting with you. You can also find us on Facebook at www.medicalteams.org/facebook
lake houston home and garden show in 7 weeks. Will you join us and let us help the community know more about you?
Pregnant Because Of Jerry. yolo
I like him the best, too - only drawback is his prodigious output. Too many books!
bahahaha you are talking about the 7th grader aren't you!
I have always loved music..we should not ordain young men as preachers, unless they have been well exercised in music. - Martin Luther
There is an obedience part 2 listening and I think we are often unwilling to do that
No one supports new artists like ! Follow her for updates on artists, including mine in Kelly's Quarterback Corner!
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
thanks!! so glad you like it.
I think I just heard "The Motto" for the first time?…Does he realize he's Canadian??
-zips lips- lmao ;-D
29. NIGHT OF THE GHOULS - Another gem from Edward D. Wood, Jr.
I was throwing a tiny fit about this last night. Axl is an utter jack ass.
i thought it was Thursday tomorrow.. son of a bitch...
#lickmadick favorite song? i never have a favorite song lol. IB: Jason
I learned ASL for you
Was there ever a doubt?
Me too. That is funny.
I love seeing the winners cry *sniff*
New Rosé on the menu! Come try!! Its a perfect time!!
Business Outcomes are king. more content is not always better. :)
RT : "Action may not always bring happiness...but there is no happiness without action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Is there a Sarah McLachlan foundation for people who are being abused by their dogs? Because my dogs treat me like crap day in and day out.
Why can't the Buckeyes play only on weekdays? They're unstoppable when playing in rhythm of a traditional work week.
Spot trending now in Pasadena, CA: Yard House - Pub (live updates)
Even if the sky is falling down?
Happy birthday nicole!
There's a reason why women in the 1800s have no smiles on their faces.
The International Arts Festival kicks off tonight with a free concert by Grammy award winner Calle 13 at 9pm at La Sabana! See you there!
Going to play my ps3 fun fun fun
Campbell retires three Cajun batters in order. USA up to bat with a 3-1 lead at the bottom of the sixth.
There ain't nobody at show me's
Some peoples tweets make no fuckin sense
you already know I'm
This is so bad. I like him. he's flirting with me, but he has a gf... D; grrr my love life stinks
#LiveRunway can't wait for the show!!
congrats to you and and your fiance as well. My advice is to stay away from shark tanks and cows.
I have had feelings for a few guys here but the feeling wasn't mutual. But u r right borders r just man made lines.
Facebook is like a relationship, once you think you have it all figured out, everything changes.
2 Timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1) To trap u 2) To use u as a pawn to do his will. Refuse to let him use u today!
Btw, , if you haven't met yet, you should. She knows her way around a letterpress. The WSJ says so :-)
I am about 2 off from here and be only on facebook
GLAD YOU LIKE THAT LAST BEAT.IF YOU WANNA LOOP IT DO YOUR THING AND LET US HEAR IT WHEN FINISHED!
FOLLOW MJR RSS FEEDS THEY HAVE NEWS,SPORTS, and USEFULL INFORMATION FOR YOUNG PEOPLE
Hi, I have to travel to Indy in a few wks on bus. & can't recall from your MMQB articles if you commented on a hotel there?
It's because It relates to you, that I think about it, and it's because it's you that I find it hard
You win some. You lose some.
RT : Congratulations to the 2012 Bioethics Graduates!
Parliamentary vote in Armenia sees increasing turnout
thank you so much! And for the great reco with jewelry!
We have been closed for business today (Friday) and return on Monday. Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Marketing_Nat says Google algorithm was devised in academia; to figure it out think like you are filing doctoral theses.
There's always that one weirdo in every class
I wish my computer could join me in the shower...such a good pandora station right now!
LA! LA! Check out the Dragonfly Nightclub TONIGHT 8pm gonna bring the house down!!!! Don't miss it!!
no prob.. Hate to lose them.. Those little buggers were kinda expensive :)
Original block prints on pillows, napkins, as well as many new matted works coming soon!
Check out my report, "Sex for Sale" in about 10 minutes on
headtress even better
I hope you're gettin pumped for AVENUE Q HIGH SCHOOL STYLE
": well I know someone's morning going good!! :) lol" it is God woke me!
aw this makes me sad :(
I may need to fight you for Betty's affections! ;)
I miss you!
my incoming boss is a settlers of catan nerd
yes! #flixel is amazing.
#YouKnowItsOn when she gets on top.
we are a tie game away from Gomez at SS.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck it. c;
Baby we all have skeletons in our closet. It's what we do with today that will matter tomorrow.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #10 Plock by Kelevra and great song. Bitches shake their ass to this... Excuse my French.
DVDs? I didn't know! I must get some! However, , you really must consider bringing your CoreFusion to Princeton!
excited to have all the pros in town for the , can't wait to see all the great products out there!
I think it was a woman. I saw boobs. Those pet zombies are quite disturbing.
#1: "it's beautiful outside! we can go on a mansion tour, we can--" #2: "i'm from the UK. i've seen nice houses before."
1 More follower and I get 50 followers!
RT : Reports Joss Whedon cud direct a Hulk movie. Green guy's soft spoken alter ego fits Kenosha native Mark Ruffalo like...
try it with bananas, yo! Good stuff there! LOL
I want new bright cleats :D
Kids Club today at 10:30am reading and a preview of Circus Vargas - 2012 off to a great start!
I have been gone touring for the past month and I'm finally home! What an amazing time! It's good to be home though :)
Why are children obese?Probably because Burgers are .99 & Salads are 7.99
Got another one.....
Or someone come over and actually cuddle me;(
||Ukraine|| Justin Bieber is in Times's list of PEOPLE WHO MATTERED!! OMG...
Crashing an #Entrepreneurship class at MIT & getting inspired for the TFOS incubator!
I wonder is gonna tweet tonight.... Probably not... If I cant get a follow the least he can do is tweet
What took me so long to find on twitter? I guess it's never too late to jump on the bandwagon
*~just got back fomr hotel lil kids dere gets on my fcxkin nerves who sits there and runs ova to da baby baby side and plays lke realy smh~*
you're lame as you sit here and read all my tweets. loll, havin fun?
thank you!
will do, glad things are great. Let me know if you need any thing travel I'd near and dear to my heart!
Not so far!! maybe someday!! Wish that I could!I need some fun!
I'm gonna have to correct you on this one, Lauren. It's cocaine. Not crack.
I think video games have really great potential for learning, but as Gee suggests I think I need a video game mentor
Sorry, I don't follow MLB because I have a brain and the gift of rational thought.
reverse look up on google
We have that blog post ready for you! I couldn't find an email on your site, if you can DM that to me I'll get you the post!
to save the tooth/any pain then do the more permanent part (crown, which is big $) later on? That's what I'm doing.
Gamma ray burst near the Earth would blow.
just read your email. Ugh!! Will respond tomorrow. I need to go out now and walk about 10 miles after eating so much.
I would like to use the 'Instructions and Help' button for WhoReadMe, but it is blank. Can you redirect me?
Looking forward to your expansion of my 7 Traits of Entrepreneurial Baby Boomer Women
Feeling like I need some #retailtherapy even tho I don't have money to really spend
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! - Doug Larson
How did you know? We said it would be hysterical.
Sorry...but the Beach Boys make surfers look dorky.
TY 2 all of our supporters! Shoot 2 Cure HD was gr8! Record attendance. $$$ raised 4 HD research. Current/fmr Bolts+NFL players helped out.
About the police activity at the dorms last night & right now: please check your email for latest details from our Exec Vice Chancellor
#TGIF! Getting so excited to watch the #Oscars red carpet on Sunday!
Sharks are winning Yesh
good day, lots of progress. army of ohio, not cumberland. remember.
and with that statement....that is why I say don't fall into the trap. The bear trap!
I think there are just a handful of theatres in the city where I would pay more than 10 dollars to see a show.
We're open! ALL DAY today!
A's had 10,054 in attendance last night (generous according to ). Time for Selig to intervene on Giants chokehold of San Jose
your hair looks soo good(:
The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr
Stay tuned for my exclusive intvu w RG3 parents coming up on
For old times sake I'm camping out in an #NYC cafe (second of the morning) in between meetings. Yippee!
:) i love you
It needs to be written, if only to have Scully & Holmes butt heads and Mulder and Watson getting wasted together at a bar.
Rest of the afternoon free
MT : Ikea is a retail tower defense game where you are trying to navigate the maze without losing all your money before the exit.
Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead!
I know what you mean, but it's not surprising, considering economics/location.
why do you do this to me
Oh the RTs are enough :)
is having a giveaway on You need to enter if you wanna find a career that’ll flatter (you)! :...
I love the smell of fresh rosemary in my herb garden. Tweeting about it makes me feel 115 years old.
#Gophers to the #FrozenFour --> M I N N E S O T A ... Minnesota ... Minnesota ... yeeeaaAAAHHHHHHH Gophers!!!
ok. That's what's up! Which part of new york? Im from Bronx,ny. But I stay in Florida. I'm coming to new York this weekend😄✈
no disrespect . not a fan of the kardashians but i love you and your wife. so cute
Kevin hart is the funniest man alive. #ThinkLikeAMan is a must see movie
Since lil boosie is still lock up is 2 Chainz the new black Jesus i mean yal quote him more than the bible
In case you view a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
watching hurricane Ike coverage on cable
There are just TOO many shallow people in the world...
Capturing a story for the Barrett Campaign today. Let's roll!
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying When you realize you can't hang w/ cause you don't live near them&they don't know you exist.
has an interview with 's Genealogy, History, and Travel division next week!!!!! Finally...an actual interview.
yes or try tweeting or retweeting : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.”
Happy birthday to actress Tiffany Lee, who turned in a stellar performance as Lydia in All God's Creatures.
hahha good decision=)
Never forget cha
Been riding in a car for 6 hours!!! It's driving me nuts! I just wish would follow me and make the 6 hours all worth while <3
In November, vote NO on Issue 2 to repeal #SB5. It's official!
I WISH!!! Sarah has work tomorrow night :(
Need a mother's day gift? Get the house cleaned! And use
Did your Twitter account get hacked? This doesn't sound like you.
Best Reactions To You Have AIDS- Fucking Obama.
So we at the movies and im about to die by laughing and she sitting there looking straight gangsta! Imean not a smile...
Give Cody more time. He knows how Hollywood works & when to put things out. He will when he's ready. You'll see
let me know how it works out! And good luck, you will probably need it at work.
If you've got drama in your life. You better find some new "friends".
ha. False. I haven't missed high school for a second. Don't worry champ, you'll be fine.
got punched in the face n isn't pressing charges wtf!!!
Abel, are you showing the fight again? (This is like tantamount to prom weekend.)
Halloween special. Book a massage or acupuncture session anytime before oct. 29 and get 20% off. Call 5034495164
Who coming wit me to Atlanta ??????
RT : Oral arguments are over in Daniel Salinas case. NM Supreme Court justices deliberating
Acoustic set bu the spectacular at red rock on Sunset. Now.
OMG! You must be an Apple lover like I am. I bought the new iphone and I still own my iPod Nano... I luv my iPhone...
Letting my insecurities get the best of me. <<<
when what
Melinda Gates speaking to the importance of birth control on a global scale and stigma surrounding it
“: It's crazy how you think you actually meant something to someone and they just turn around and prove you wrong.” sucks:/
thanks so much Keith. Very much appreciated.
#1 thing I miss about pre-preggoness: LUNG CAPACITY.
I love that people have the guts to stand up against injustice
Even if it rains tonight, we'll get you in - the venue is covered, it's huge, we won't make you stand in the rain! #BASHH details:...
Im so chinnky eyed, that I see people waving on a map
ask sage cause we meeting up after she get out school, if she say no i'll get you.
Don't be sorry! I don't want to be the worst at anything! :)
You're 0-2. Don't forget the "myspace is the ghetto of the Internet" comment.
Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies! And maybe a few more Zombies!!!!
A relaxed mind is a creative mind...relax.
Hey :D
new Orleans ill see y'all Friday .(#^_^#)
thanks ima upload some more just contact me so we can set somethin up or could I contact you
The moment when u r sittin on the toilet. And u realize. Realistically you never had to even poop. <<<<< .. #damnfart!
Wise men have more to learn of fools than fools of wise men.
Meeting then off to watch the #Bulls in action!
Can't tell me that didn't look like another guy who used to wear a jersey. Wow !
What a day/night out in the Milly with all my boyz.
There's nothing like seeing the joy on a singer's face while he/she is in the midst of a great song. So good!
I love it.
Thanks for the continued support! We're doing our best to add items that you guys suggest, we'll definitely look into the Galaxy!
Heights flow wit my niggas
thinks someone should make a little picture for him if they have pictures of him. Preferably, not naked ones.
ikr were gonna beat ur ass cause the team were playing sucks haha(:
Playing manhunt
If u STILL do not know how to play a CD off of a boombox, I'm afraid there is no hope for you in today's "Ipod-wav file" computer era..
Ok so I have to learn german conversational in 6 mos...any good advice?
oh I see I remember you :p haha what's Up Bro ha
Connect with us on Facebook. www.facebook.com/scoreschicago
Yay! Taped shoulder and taped back. Should be good to go for tomorrow shoots. Ish. lol
Good Morning!
Love it Double duty. #Bats coverage n Razorback smut. RT Jessica Dorrell, Bobby Petrino mistress resigns from #Arkansas job
ugh, and they had somewhat nice flowers. There was still snow around when we went there! Oh how I miss snow.....pfff, psych!
body to body
10 Crosby rtw fall 2012 collection...i love it
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure that you seek.
thanks for sharing, we thought this was an interesting question to ask yourself as a #smallbiz owner
whats the name of the video
A class of 14 college students: 10 want #immigrants to learn English, only 5 would pay higher taxes to fund ESL. #Whatdoyouthink?
Remember to RECOVER! Yes, it's important to take days off from exercise! Give your mind, body and soul break.
Looks like I'm going to the Concert tonight! What up Dvořák.
Any recos on great wineries here?
Never seen MKE's Best View for yourself? Come join us in our little corner of the river. A day like this was made for it!
School tomorrow about to take a shower peace out
On Xbox live w. The babe I love him spoon much (:
Thanks for the RT, be well!!
I'm burning on fire
"straggin" & yeah man i forgot you know shit about a bitch you dont fuck with . lol you corny sl . bye .
#ThingsMyExsaid "I love you" we were 4 days into the relationship
One dude was saying "L's up for them hittas" While he was cracking her. LMAO.
shit, did i screw everything up?
I'm bout 2 go so hard
You got your wish
I hate it when my best friend / roomie cries 😢
Come on Seattle where is the sun!
nah i sell cars right now, trying to be back in by the fall, thats good to hear
Um, by "wife swap" I think Chad means "crump."
giraffes are so cute. :>
doing my 4th drive today… that’s like the freeway one…..
Lost that one, but on to football - do excited!
Nate got 9 teeth to "watch"......nice goin nate....
Excited for the Thunder game at the Bradley Center tonight.
Welcome to Twitter. I love ya dude.
oh no! If minnpost reported it, we're doomed. Lord help us!
Shower time
Instead of dinner, I'm having a fruit smoothie with Metamucil in it. My turds are gonna be so swoll, brah.
Brutal workout this morning, but feel great now.
#WhenWillYou ask for help? You know you need it.
. That'd be beloved profile #45: 50 Degrees Shirt's Off Guy, out in full force on a beautiful NW afternoon!...
But the score shouldn't even be tied, we should be up by alot
Matt Flynn signs with Seattle Seahawks. On to plan G for Miami Dolphins.
thanks tony! =)
In bed sick as a dog. cure:
How's it going man?? Hope alls well!
Form a team with your friends and sign up for our (RED) 3v3 Soccer Tourney! Get free t-shirts, win an iPad 2! www.ABQ3v3.org
y dont u wear snapbacks no more?we miss them
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt
where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib. wasn't happy with my performance.
South Beach + Friends + Drinks + Extra = Its All Good. Chino&China
whats one thing you can't live without?
aww she still likes me:-)
Check out our new Workout of the Week Tab on our Facebook page! "Like" this post if your a fan of the Workout of the Week!
#uCantBeToughAndSay " I fell down and hurt myself and got a boo boo. "
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
hehe Beer for President! :)
Getting ready for #SunshineJones 2nite Great HouseMusic!!! BTW, Wednesday kicks off 80s Music nights w/ Teddy Douglas!
Stuck in a car with no music playing </3
What toppings are YOUR favorite for your frozen yogurt creations??
Feel like a loser tonight. Have to pass up tickets to see Russ Feingold, stay home, work and settle for watching the #nerdprom on TV.
Thanks for following... check out "Runner" on our band's page... it's getting airplay :)
i want to help!!!!
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
Im just happy it's the weekend but the first week of spring break was kinds hard.......
Life should be lived, so that in the hell told you: I'm sorry we have decent people
#Thanksgiving I'm thankful for the pain. For without hurt, there's no love. Plus, it loses its appeal after 100 times.
My stomach hurts :/
Using you Bra as a pocket. (;
and don't forget- tomorrow morning, we have to have a serious conversation with a dear (former) friend! Connections are all over
Describe, please! I want to know what extra luxury gets ya.
give your mom a hug and a kiss, miss you mom, happy mothers day
Don't blink, they won't even miss you at all.
do i HONESTLY look like a dood that does drugs? :/
Congrats to all the newly wed gay people.in New York!
My heart aches for
Scum life the only life for me
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four... hopefully the city doesn't burn down by Friday
so many people are so jealous of you right now... (me included)
r they using SM in gal? Don't want to detract fr exper, but engage/enhance w/what they r already using
I cannot wait until The Hobbit comes out.
5upvotes, 3downvotes. I just... how can /any/ cat not be loved? :c
I swear after this math final I'm flicking off the Math building.
: On the treadmill listening to 90s rnb radio on pandora and Jon b "they don't know" comes on. What a tune
Yeah......My baby Deondre just took 1st Place in the Portland All City School Tournament...@ 130lbs yeah baby that's what we do!!!!!!!!
U.S.EuropeAsiaShare253Tweet135.Follow Free Trial Issue Hugh Hefner Is No Longer Man On Top At Playboy
my mom asked me today if I was born in 2002..now she's loosin it. I forgave her since it's mothers day, but come on really?
St. John's under Lavin is travelling fast to the top!!!
IEPPal Release 2 screen samples on our Facebook Page
watching: The Weight of A Nation.
Shots shots shots.... Everybody!
oh em gee you done got RT'ed by one of my favorite ppl on twitter!
I hate how that mango crap get stuck inbetween my teeth :/
Lol tweeting wile watching the B's. GOAL!!! Followed promptly by EFF!! Oh Boston sports fans lol
You bet Geoff. Hope your doing well.
Joey Votto 10 years-225 mill resigns with the reds.
thanks hon for the follow great to meet you hope you have a great day
Bieber has inspired me, made me cry, made me feel special, made me smile & laugh. But most of all, Justin Bieber made me a better me. :)
great to see you
walmart, target ect.
Looks like #UncleCharlie's back... Wainwright dealing in Houston, 6-1 #Redbirds :)
same here! Even through all her ups and down. She's still gorgeous :')
heyy, are you still up? :)
Finna do a quick work out 💪💪💪
#FF Beauty-ful ladies working hard to make you look good!
our script we were told, "beautifully written but 2 indie." We made "Top 15%" Nicholl last year, I'll keep on keeping on :)
AH :) Liam reached 3 million! All the boys now have 3 million :D
#RCCsoftball looking to put away in the final inning, leading 5-2.
do you know what time it airs?
Productive lunch meeting, feeling creative.
lol as long as you don't say "fam bam" Its all good
Twitter wouldn't let me click the "Follow" link for people, so I kept clicking. Now it says I'm following them about 10 times each.
Fighting the fight that really matters....
I know people who can afford insurance, choose not to buy it and give fake information when they go to the ER.
Here's how to not get a tip if you're a taxi driver - argue with fare about directions, file your nails while driving and chat on your cell
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
The winds in Albuquerque are insane today, everyone needs HydroPro. Watch your sprinklers and conserve water.
RT : : "No one cared about my GPA after college! I was devastated! ... What have you done? What problems have you solved?"
My next paycheck is going towards my next Cancun trip. I'm bringing with me
The only time I get happy is when I got a pocket full of money,weed n my system, n a shorty on my lap that's ready to please a nigga
Landed safely in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Nice to have full access to twitter again.
The feeling is mutual! Happy Friday!
No problem, feel free to let me know if I can be of more help.
loves driving with the music drowning out traffic sounds
OK, cool! Yeah, I've heard of various things floating in the ether. Sweet!
that sucks! U need to get it
Also I'm fairly surprised the show on CNN is an unusually constructive and informative mainstream Sunday morning "news" show.
It's a 90s music morning.
Ripping out your own infusion set is a bitch. I fail at dressing/undressing
well it is for me :(
that means alot bro please spread the word we need more likes on facebook and back to the studio we go!
hahaha dont deny your love for
Lisa, it's a different dream every time...only the guy stays the same.
M, dark chocolate snickers...yuuuuuummmmm!!!!
Just Finished up the "SNOCLOTHING" Photo Shoot in Sacramento, Ca. Pictures Will be up in a little bit stay tuned. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I'm more than halfway into the book scorch trials and I screamed when Minho rescued Thomas You don't even understand my feelings for Minho..
just brought the villager bag in ellie blue and i love it!! I love all the amazing patterns that come out =]
what website?
Feds collect reaction to oil shale development
When I'm good, I'm very good. When I'm bad, I'm better. ~ from 'I'm No Angel'
Light happy hour anyone?
I'm a go getter, I get up and go get it
Headed to the tre fo tomorrow. Can't wait to see the fam.
I buy so much of your product I need a job. Lol
"yes! done, finally!" "Did you do the back?" "THERE'S A BACK?!?!"
I can't wait to go home
But it turns out the Light was not extinguished in Europe by the Church. It survived. Giants like Newton were interested. It is involved.
As a woman and lawyer, the idea that #caseyanthony and her male atty are "flirting" is insulting. But, now that u mention it . . . .
To all the beautiful mothers that has to put up with your ass Happy Mothers Day!!
JNCOs? Wow I still have a shirt.
Hi....I m new in twitter....il b prety glad if u follow me.....
RT if you love your fans and would do anything for them to know that you cared about them! <3
The power of networking and marketing yourself is essential in any business!
RT : Nothing better than #Rockies baseball &amp; a refreshing beer!!
Lanford Wilson. We lost a legend today. :(
I bleed pain take pain to another level.
Is the audiomachine trailer music a tradition now? Are u planning on using audiomachine for all trailers? such a good hook
u dont need an app on ur own...partner with another like Remember the Milk. Your product is amazing!
Man You be Hurting My Feelings
CONGRATULATIONS WE NEED THE FULL HOUR AS YOU CAN C. LIKE YOUR NEW DIGS. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! THE CALL IS STILL THE BEST! JOYCE!
Me voiii bye!
Agreed! RT : thanks #IATUL local arrangements peeps for a great meeting
Someone burned a bagel in the office. It's a rare combination of delicious and disgusting. What are your favorite & least favorite smells?
Hahaha. Thanks for the tip. I'm on a diet. But I hear 's sausage balls are a hit.
Hey, mind following back? 
working on some new arrangements for my quintet recording with Joe McDonough!
Ah..choo RT : Sneezes, along with orgasms, are the only physiological responses that cannot be stopped one they've started.
Please DM me the details and I will email you some portfolio pictures.Thank you!
I love how this is news...": Sophia ousts Isabella as most popular name for U.S. girls; Jacob No. 1 for boys, Mason is surprise contende…
Mario via bolo ho, Ta-to
Well hello there!
Hm. I think it can be one or the other. I wonder what our audiences think; maybe i'm wrong
We Go In One Direction :D
totally missed the bus..times like these i'm glad i have friends that can drive..(:
Dave has a whole section of rare books -- first editions, double autographs -- lots of neat stuff. 79th & Foster 11-7 today and tomorrow
Cymbalta is one of the things I'll ask my Dr. about, since it's approved to treat musculoskeletal pain.
First home run at AT&T for the Giants since May 1 (Pablo Sandoval)
Fail to plan, plan to fail- P.Goods
If you want to get Protools get version 8 b/c version 9 will be cost prohibitive for many
": tweet. "what are you doing up so late missy?
did you see those two mets fans clapping behind him after he got hit? stay classy, new york
didn't relay the message about the starter and the "cough" sound for a gun to m.e. smdh @ my training partner
Yeah i know You want me yeah i know.
I hear ya; my job is like that too. At the same time, I also kind of covet yours. Is it inappropriate to say that on Twitter?
Are we fungi (billions of spores) or mammals (parental investment)? I prefer the latter.
Getting ready for a big weekend here at the lake. We are up 32% and still climbing! This is going to be a great 2012 for business!
have you ever made a project decision that made you want to go back in time and kick your own ass?
wait until Big Z gets lit up in one of his starts
Dale was the voice of reason. It's going to get downright scary now.
Had a great time tonight at the TXMPA Incentive party. More productions in Texas!!
How about Bachmann's current views on the science/safety of immunizations?
What affordances do games bring to the table?
Thanks bro!!
old habits die hard!
Good question.
hehe ( : text me girl , I got alot to tell you !
Sorry. I'm in the midwest.
WHAT WWAS YOUR FAVORITE PAAAARrt?e?e/R/E?e?
Cutting scholarships down to 80 will only make over signing worse
Fish fry sounds good. Anyone got a suggestion 'round Milwaukee?
Messi is barcas all time leader in goals at only the age of 24
RT : I want all clothes from Urban Outfitters.
I mean, this is the #oscars. Don't people know about cameras?
I want a pink motorcycle with a sparkly helmet! 😊
Flo is probably the funniest tweeter...just doesn't give a fu*k!!!
Thanks for following San Francisco Public Library
Yayyy . My boo just got hired on the spot ! (:(:
To scold him for using the "if" excuse, you'd say, "If the dog hadn't stopped to pee, he'd a caught the rabbit."
Thanks Donna, a wonderful day! RT : congrats:)
Niall is so cute :) dnt worry u r too!! ;)
Nice to see Donnie Simpson (and class) back on BET!
Fun new burger place in Castle Rock called Crave- they even have one with peanut butter!
I hope you're all practicing your shots and passes for the 2012 Hoops on the River! You won't want to miss it!!
SSR is the governments job. Africom doesn't have the funding or strategic interest to sustain engagement in Congo
west up doe RT :
ha thats funny ,
My Big Bro Meek Mill Mixtape Fenna Drop && Be MAD Crazy
Can anyone tell me what the difference is bet Photoshop Elements 10 & CS5
Without Love there is nothing in this world
Texts telling you how attractive you friend is and your sitting there like what am I toast and awkwardness when your told you should date
yay! I'll send one to you soon(:
I have had sister christian stuck in my head al day and i have no idea why.
Nigga??? What's good bruh its time!
that is an "...oh" moment. Haha! Is your hair still purple? It didn't look it when I saw you today.
The true art of living is doing everything out of love
well I'll send positive thoughts your way then!
Dennis Deconcini to speak at the University Club of Phoenix 10/4 Tickets are only $25 and seating is extremely limited. Want to attend?
Patience. #gally just ended a month ago. Go sew some costumes and come back in about 10 months. ;)
Well guess what you can do quietly... FOLLOW ME! Although they might hear me scream from way over here(;
are you a photographer?
Great reunion tonight with CEO
Carlos Lee legged out a single. It would've been a double or more if he'd have thighed & winged out of his pockets as well
Three art pieces will be KidNaPPed tonight.
#FollowReader What's the new Ondaatje book about?
I'm sorry hahah.
All six cello suite Sarabandes in a row.
Reading #obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably
Hope all is well Mama to be;)
Haha , Like He Gonna Reply To You...
I know. I thought it was going to be some sort of
For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world, and forfeit his soul? #isellcomics :)
My 11 year old daughter asked, "What is a pay phone?" Sign of the times. LOL
RT : Coachella may end, but those herpes will last forever.
Watching basketball all afternoon counts as being productive right? Since my MC is a baller and all...
A guy like me didn't get to be this stupid by being completely unlucky, you know.
Townhouse Kitchen is gonna be jumping!
James at HoB. Tim Booth is the best singer EVER! where you at? You owe me a dance.
haha like Michael Jackson?
The Structure of Junk-Scientific Revolutions
Good luck, Will! Let me know when the TED video is up.
Imma Cry When Austin leaves For Miami ! But That doesn't mean Im any less PROUD of him though! Hes living his dream & I Love him for that <3
I would rather have no wifi, than slow wifi grr...
Everything that could have gone wrong today, did.
i got measured today and i'm officially 5'1 at the moment
Have you come down on your price yet? If so, how much.
I am writing just over two pages of dissertation text for every one page of outline, & doing so at a rate of just under three pages an hour.
Who will influence you today?
We wish everyone a happy Friday.
Warning: playing 's son, Ryan, in Call of Duty: Black Ops is the number one cause of ego bruising.
Safe flight! Just landed and ready to take the city by storm ;) hell chi town!
just wanted to say hi. I enjoy checking out your work.
Say that reminds me, maybe I should check the weather forecast...
Thanks 4 the tweet. Good. Glad to hear things worked out in Egypt. You OK?
haha yea I got there later ... everyone enjoying the warm weather.
Your new photo is really nice, it connects with the nature around you.
plans to, I believe (release the yearbook / directory code). Steve?
Thanks sir! We aim to please.
most definitely!
#RickPerry speech dropping out of the race took about 11 min.
$18 for a movie? Seriously New York? Smh O well
Ha! "Hey, what's in this drink?"
Is it Friday yet???
just like they wouldn't deal McNabb in the division....
Jeffrey Eugenides's The Marriage Plot is such perfect holiday reading for English scholar types.
Hey every body!! This Thursday we launch our Holiday music live with Jacque Lesure!!! Nola's In downtown LA... LA's newest jazz spot.
thanks to for making half an hour late the new on time.
lol Redd Foxx, you gotta wipe your ass! Possibly the best white elephant gift ever?!
Dolphin in a bit <3
Reach the Christian market for as low as $10/month. Advertise on gospelrapfan.com get on it!
Car shopping ... yayers!
Done baby gurl
Big thanks to for organizing the whole thing! #uwbenhuh | cc:
Thanks for the RT!
FYI, met Steven Tyler at brunch on Sunday in LA, so nice and gracious to not only our table but everyone in the restaurant.
Keep up the good work! I love it. :)
So umm....yea, Steve Blake shot that from Northern Oregon.
This year is going to be great!! :)
I have officially reached the point where I will now tweet about how wack my phone is everyday until I get a new one lol.
steve blake definitely gets the
Nike's and a t-shirt again.
The amazing thing about this Kentucky team is every time you think they're in trouble they kick it into a gear that very few teams have.
do they use chewing gum at least?
hahaha uh for fun hah why?
Out that bitch....
Help me help you.
How does he not compare when he has better numbers than both?
I hope I get the honor one day to play for #military men and women and their families. Thank you for all that you do
AJ Tonight should be all about DICK CLARK if you all loved and respected him like Billions Worldwide did...
Dealers spend an avg. of $350.00 - $700.00 per car sold in advertising. It costs them $200.00 to get you in the door whether you buy or not
Sometimes I'm too serious. But it's my weight--not my humor--that will keep me afloat.
#15peopleilove My family
My Bloody Valentine?
Next week, we will start the countdown to our gala with daily posts to inspire your costume and get you in the mood to party hillbilly...
hey cutie (; lol if the boyz go on the nrg tour next year are you going to the chicago show? i need to meet you.
:D nah... I still don't understand how you lose a number:P
So Proud of the Entire Physician Staffing team at Randstad Healthcare on our recent Joint Commission Recertification! Check out what the Jo…
Actually, it's about a friend of mine with spinal cancer that has been denied coverage by your company...for no apparent reason
RT : VPLP New York! LOS HEAT SON LOS MEJORES!!!!
Thirsty Thursday!
Missed #codcon12 yesterday due to various meetings and online conference. Now ready to participate online. Also, I want my ribbons, darnit!
How much more perfect can you get in a game. 3 batters up and its 3-0. And now Yuni makes it 5-0.
I'm going with #hanson in the Derby!!
If she says "hold on, let me get my dad to sign the permission slip"
Hey, follow Harvey Pekar on twitter.
Better day
You will be the number 1 DJ in the world soon. #gaznation1 C u in Chicago soon!!
I am Eating cake on my Birthday! thanks to the team here.
Congrats on the win ! Loved the show!
You want me to finish the job but you lock me out of the building.
yes!!!! I'm back in town Tuesday afternoon :)
that's cool! :)
just tellin the truth. So r u realy moving next week?
honey sunshine :)
Pilates gets the body movin' movin'
IN SERIOUS NEED OF A NEW PHONE!
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Can you follow me???
I dislike when refs change the game.
Have you had their chicken salad! OMG Shire-licious ;) lol : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
CC will give us 8 innings tonight so
where do you stand on #PIPA?
Big 'L' for #OSU never makes me sad, esp after having trash thrown at me by their fans after IU/OSU. A few bad Buckeyes ruined their bunch.
alright alright dne
You still talking about him..??? lol
In the wild #dogs don't bark, yelp, or jump on pack mates in a burst of affection
More caffeinated than I've been in a long while... Gotta stay awake for
May is Older Americans Month (a.k.a. Senior Citizens Month) and this year's theme is "Never Too Old To Play". Sounds about right!
i love it I love it I love it when u eat it
At this moment I'm earning my stylish decorative Tweet pin courtesy of #erl12 - now my lanyard makes me even cooler than I was before.
": Comedy is tragedy plus time - Happy Birthday Carol Burnett" one of my comedy idols
NO SHIT! Be blessed!
Being taken against my will and better judgment to cafe du monde!
lol not the first time I've been accused of such behavior.
Oh and needs to buy me a milkshake before she is getting what she wants
Happy Monday, everybody! Hope you have an amazing week!
Wigginton hits his 2nd homer of the season and cuts the Cubs lead to 3-1. Phils still batting in the bot. of the 7th.
Yep, it really sold the whole thing, although I'm pretty sure that tree wasn't around a month later...
RT via What do you wish for this holiday season? NHTSA wishes for safe roads w/ no drunk drivers, no crashes
would have died to see florence tonight. but instead i will be watching drunk people grind to top 40 hits
Hahaha I love how smirked during 's rant on Dayana.
I can't believe that's all they gave Whitney
True Born Records v
So happy to be awarded a PNC Transformative Art grant for our proposal with Auchentoroly Terrace, Mondawmin communities & !
try Sunday
we get the hint and will see what we can do.
I'd like to hear do Killing Me Softly With His Song.
Out of the people to unfollw me, it was one of the hottest guys ever D:
I got tired of cutting off good conversations to reset for another recording and just paid the $10. Free works fine in fragments
eh I don't believe it!!!!!! Lol
Nothin better than a root beer float on a hot-humid day.
Ooh, just pulled The Magician. Absolutely fitting, considering the items on today's to-do list. Tarot is *SO* a mirror!
Its very easy to say BUSY when someone needs you..!But Its very painful to hear BUSY when you need someone..!
First stop... BBQ.
Just got home , bus broke down ..
What you said about "classy black girls." Ionno it made me giggle.
Calling all hoes calling all hoes
thanks. Is this for cash games too?
Family matters!! Can't sleep.
"I had this idiotic unshakeable faith that I was going to be what I wanted to be." --Geena Davis
we use to stay taking pictures lmfao
you already know I've been in training at the cousins for 6 months now. A 50 ounce burger is nothin
It feels so right to be with you <3
Morning everyone. Public Safety is at 10 a.m. A few pieces to go over and then Casino/DT safety discussion
So I guess I'm working two jobs this summer... I'm not even 15 yet like what
Yo 9th I need followers too man. Help a fellow Winston artist out fam.
Listening to The Madcap Laughs, and I'm not referring to the new Sinead O'Connor album (but I just listened to that too).
Just updated the Netflix
Everyone and their grandpa was at menards this weekend
Burning the midnight oil with and
this summer, we're all goin! Deal?
Trent Richardson #Browns No. 3: They needed an explosive back to bring life to their offense; he’s huge help vs. AFC North.
Listen, someone has to grab that title before the power vacuum causes chaos.
Field trip! Off to Smithsonian's Udvar-Hazy with Luke Idziak of FabLabDC. Space Age Preservation.
I rather let'em go do what he does
Some of these randoms I followed back tweet like they do not have a g.e.d.
Im berly on spring break how the hell u on summer break already
don't think so, but there needs to be!!
#Spriteslam Master P's dunk in the Make em' say Ughh video
haha at least your still beautiful
trying to sound country lol
“: Find us at 12a on ESPN for the full our of Baseball Tonight as we recap both of the LCS games.” you mean "hour"
remember your faith, God gave you the position your in glorify him with your life, your talent.. stay humble, God bless!
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw you look at both partners sides of problems and resolutions.
“: Right after he gave me a ticket he said...umm were you watching tv on your phone? Lol NO WAY OFFICER!!” lmao tryin to get u
After a three-week vacation, the singers return to rehearsing this week. Haydn Creation, here we come.
Just average!
omg its ben forever and a day
Next year I'd really like to see more sessions on advanced online/distance learning & libraries. Why are we stuck on intro concepts?
ugh. Hold on-.-
First month paying bills without a real job... such an awkward (yet liberating) feeling.
I love Lifetime movies.
RT : Pack your rucksack & join us to learn the tools, platforms & strategies for successful web marketing at our boot camp,...
John Marinatto has resigned as Big East commissioner, sources tell CBSSportscom's Brett McMurphy.
wish I were! 8 more hours on the road to go...
THANK U ANA HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY IS WORN OUT I WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Generics are important for public health, but tort liability provides incentive for drugmakers to respect safety
If you want your company to grow, strengthen your management. - Heather Haas Advisa
I KNOW YOUR NEVER GOING TO BUT IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT IF YOU TOLD ME GOOD NIGHT PLEASE I'LL CRY <3333
Reviewing the findings for the 2012 Real Rate Report - we're on track for our release next month
Sometimes you just need your son from the future to come back in a delorian and give you a little encouragement.
"Helen must needs be fair, When with your blood you daily paint her thus." - Troilus & Cressida, 1.1
Describes Philly pretty well!!
Ok I get that Fed as leader is expected to respond a certain way. Got it. Few in press have leader expectations for Nadal Why?
I know you got pull. I see the On Deck lineup but not the schedule. I gotta plan! Make it happen Bernie!
MLS: NYvLA - With harsh shadows at Red Bull Arena, ESPN camera ops working overtime to iris up and iris down. No perfect solution.
lol its quite all right. im stubborn too. lol
That's all the more reason for it to be public, everyone get's to see what's going on.
Saw Beniof's keynote at Dreamforce. Compatible vision with Aruspex roadmap; integration of social networking and proactive talent mangement.
I think a non-science fiction book would be good too. Get lots of people to suggest them :)
I'm glad to see that, based on the reviews, most critics were as confused by the plot of "Bullhead" as I was.
Great weekend w/ so far. Also already eaten oysters, shrimp, crab, lobster & salmon. And carrot cake.
The end.
Who's awake?
Hot Atlanta How Hot is your Hair 404.454.1494 salonramsey.net
Walking around in cowboy boots in Pennsylvania. Haven't felt this conspicuous since I was in Chile... wearing 100% normal clothes
Power is out on a bright sunny day.
Very encouraging... I would love to get your real 140 character opinion of any of my novels... >giggling< >sheepish grin< ;)
No doubt bro its a movement we r all connected the mores #s they cannot deny it!!RT : #Salute ...im on it...
LOL is like another Mariah Yeater because apparently she claims that her and Justin hooked up hahahahaha
everyone please follow 's and aka D-Swag and J-Swag > as knighted by Z-Swag lol :)
Saw a woodpecker today . . . In NY? Second time in my LIFE
I feel empty...
...thanks bro!
me and are coming to yearbook tomorrow !
Working out while Craigslisting for jobs.
eat at City BBQ and support CG Campus Life! 5:30.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today. Come check out our BBQ!
Coffee date with at !
I don't know why I remember such things. But my ability to do so has diminshed over the years. :-)
my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!! :)
yeahh :). Hey I'm making a video do you want to be in it?
Best of luck this season. I'm a new fan of Poly-Cal basketball after researching your career path. Thanks for the follow.
is looking for a #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract to hire #job with a large retailer in #SF. Interested candidates must have worked o…
You're gross.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
Mathes got it at Renaissance. He bought a table.
got our 800th like today!
I hate the dashboard too! All I want is a new blank tab.
Well, finding out your company won a Tony is a great way to get you to work with a smile. Good stuff!!
what's a good beer for pregame of #Blackhawks game tonight?
players are talking interoffice lemon-trading.
I love you more and I can't wait mi amor!(:
How dead is kobys? Blasted retards. Smh
Just got a full night of rest. Time to get ready for work!
this morning's theme song? Band of Horses - The Funeral
Duderstadt calls for a “differentiated system of higher education.”
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to drive past the wild safari park. Rhino butt? Pe-yew!
This is really funny to me. Ha. RT : #WW - Remember Charlie on Charlie's Angels? He's like that, but for the
As are we. Thank you in advance for your service!
:(.. I don't want any other girl... I just want her back.. Shes all i want and need... :(
'I know its late..I know your weary..I know your tweets don't include me'..Bob Seger/TweetLyric..G'night!!!
Health Tips: most efficient greens include: spirulina & blue green algae, & grasses; alfalfa, wheat, oat, barley, kamut, spinach & kale
I finally changed my profile pic lol yay!!! :D
lmfaoo im jus bein real i cant listen to country,blues,metal rock etc. hell no ahaha
Who's in Kinnary's class and knows if we can use a half sheet on the final?
that's why it's our opinion content, not news, we're posting with them
You want more than what has been achieved with great difficulty.
well I will definitely see you at Warped! I will have tacos in the morning lol
best seitan veggie 'wings' ever. want to buy in this area so bad! Trying...
Good morning! Off to deal with a crisis first thing this a.m. The day will get better.
Dad is having surgery 2day. Please add him to your prayers. Ever faithful and thankful 2 God
The three words that best describe Ryan McDonagh would have to be "rock", "flag" and "eagle"
Yes but the stupid hospital says no and I CAN'T WALK. Navicular stress fracture is what it is.
No lap dances from Jules :( happy fat tuesday !!
Oh. my. god. This is most Juniata girls. you were right.
Watching "Capote" on Showtime. "In Cold Blood" is a classic, chilling book. One of my favorites.
When my best friends haven't watched Star Wars it just calls for a movie night.
hahahhaa which would you rather...in your time machine..me younger you older?
He licked his lips said to me --girl you look good enough to eat...put his arms around me --said boy now get your paws right offffa me
Now thats TAYLOR
hate studying for mid-terms :/
#Caps were out hit 14-11, Ward had 2
donttt like the way your acting..
great week!
You back in the gym bruh? Cardio all day.
San Diego show with Jeffree Star, It Boys and more on Nov.11th. Show is going to be insane! Finally back in SD and playing a hometown show!
Ima STACK paper, hustle just to relax later
Congrats to you Jay and LeadsCon for your recent acquisition!!
Should death and dying be discussed with young people early in life?
I'm sorry, it wasn't intentional, I told you they deported me! Will you ever forgive me so we can be best friends again?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
FUCK why am i not sleeping #regrettingthisalready 😣
Some people just need to lay the crack pipe down..public trans at its best...
RT : I swear lol “ You know the sex good when u start apologizing about shit you did in the past, lol.”
The Penn State students rioting at the loss of Joe #Paterno shld lament instead the innocent kids who were hurt
Counting down the hours until CA.
Pain has kept me from working out for far longer than in the past. Need to get on track and lose these few 'new' pounds!
Sierra Club blocks Md. natural gas export terminal - Beaver County Times
Attending the Florida Distance Learning Consortium meeting where Pearson is doing a demo of Open Class.
#ImThatPersonWho Doesn't find people falling/getting hurt funny . Lol . Like, the fudge ?
We're counting down the days to the end of busy season! Have you done your #taxes? Or will you be filing an extension?! Busy wknd ahead...
Oh....i live on the east coast...so, its over...
you seem nervous!!
One last tweet to one of my fav ppl in the world, Happy Mother's Day! You're worth all the love given today & more.
hawt. thanks for sharing!
HUGE win last night. Thanks to everyone for coming out and helping us pull through in that 4th quarter!
Weekends only happen once a week, so be sure to put us on your brunch list in the month of March. You won't regret it.
Dr. Joel Fleischman in nature. Not exactly the man you knew. He couldn't see past the Hudson River if he tried. He liked his fis
Won't share that publicly on Twitter. Kind of a silly question to ask from an online retailer. Send me a DM and maybe.
The only issue is I'll only get to see my son once in awhile for 6 more years...my daughters 18 in Sept. Army roomate..
got a bday cake pop and can't help think of :-)
Hey thank you so much for following us!
WTF British guy's foot just got shredded! wasn't expecting that crazy shit!
j'ai honte de lui... #shame !!
truth of the matter is I like someone but I'm just too shy and it's kinda late for it lol
Im go outside and kick the hell outta the dog who keeps barking.. Wtf :o
i didn't fail i just wanted to finish reading it! :(
Thanks Lauren!
Trick daddy be going hard I don't care what nobody say
I swear, the tv shows they have come up with now are crazy , like #mycrazyobsession and
We are proud to announce that B&T Collective is now the exclusive carrier of 420 Yummies in Anaheim, CA!!!
Please follow me Mother Monster.!!!!! :) <3
Anyone from going to the new pros event this week?
scratch dat "get me bodied"
I can never sleep anymore.
I need plans for tomorrow.
Happy Good Friday! don't forget to join the Twitter chat w. Becky today @ 6p.m. CST!
Ah yeah is saved :D
To the many folks I've linked up with, facebooked, tweeted and met live... THANK YOU. I like people. I like how we're varied. Safe Holidays!
Will keep you in mind! Tell me more abt Agents day. A link?
My local library gives away books that they are taking out of circulation. I picked up a book of Angela Carter stories - what a treasure!
thanks appreciate the love, if you want to download my last mixtape its free on datpiff >>goo.gl/G01At
Crack The Sky was awesome last night in Baltimore.
Also coming soon: The Lightning Field, by Kenneth Baker; The Art Critic, by Peter Plagens; The Moon and Sixpence, by W. Somerset Maugham
Has anyone out there in library land ever compared their B&T price with the comparable Amazon price?
For some reason i cant see the tweets people are sending me... twitter isnt working right :/
A Time to Pray Dear Lord, help me to do what pleases You and not worry about what others think.
can I borrow em when ur done???
I Guess that makes me a dog then.... really wishes I would have stayed home tonight. :(((((
Thanks for the link to this article...I may swing in tomorrow to see what they have to say!
I happen to be comfortable in my own skin -- other people are too slimy.
fa sho bru But you can here some of my tracks on youtube wearetheflygang mind u new page views is low!
My appointment was at 8 o'clock and it's now 9:15. Seriously? I'm in severe pain and in no mood for this shit.
seriously thinking about it. So over FB privacy BS.
is awesome. Check out her tweets for updates on #WaronWomen and general anti-woman stupidity.
Thanks to everyone who's been helping to spread the word. We're seeing a steady flow of sign-ups! And dare I say a few matches?
ill send them to you if you want
That too!
A: Don't be easy on the guys. Don't be scared of asking the question. As a reporter they feel like its your job to listen.
Breakfast for lunch. :)
drove #pittsburgh to #charlotte today... horrible weather...just like the last drive...sheesh... maybe flying ain't so bad??
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear?
Good Morning B-More it's Tuesday morning a great day for a coffee & a hot breakfast come on in & join me, (@ Peace & A Cup of Joe)...
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Adonis Zipper Pouch @ www.kandizone.com
Drove a lot of kilometers yesterday! Plus Portuguese dinner and drinks w/bike mechanics from Winnipeg & sweater weather = Toronto
I want to play lacrosse, just to see what it is like!!
If your a #Groupatic Check-out our new site launched today!! Groupatics.com website, #teamFollowback! More to come!
Aw man, you got that?? You're gonna have to let me see it...NEXT WEEK!
Thanks for the RTs!
Haha I can respect that. You're a Sabres/Bruins fan right?
A once unknown Madonna tried out for roles in both the movie and TV series versions of "Fame." She was shot down twice.
i'll shoot my eye out.
Well well.. This day cannot get any slower.
morning! I have the same tank you're wearing in your prof pic. You look much better in it though.
I guess when I write that agent query, I can note that I have an MA in Professional Writing & Applied Design. Woohoo!
i love katy perry & drake if they ever did a song together i think i would pass out
I could see that. I'm going with "Boogie Nights".
I made it through the week.
Take me back to my little dorm room. Take me back to my friends. Take me back to my city.
In the bed
damn! Good morning its only 2am here I haven't even been to bed lol
that guy in the front 😂
but it is poop or like a runny diarehhia. Off the the shower.
Nice to see someone is doing actual journalism in this city. Thanks for discrediting Fox's disgraceful cut and paste video
my idol he following me :O OMG !!! i cant believe :O Thank u so much !!! OMG !!! :)
Sorry everyone! I was hacked. Password now VERY strong hacker!
i loved austins ustream yesterday :) he looked so sexy!! <3
Happy Pride, Seattle!
Texas Blood Money & The Hangman's daughter. I probably won't be seeing you until Monday :[
A federal court has denied Universal Music Group's request for a rehearing in the court case over digital sales royalties for Eminem.
Watching FANGIRL like crazy over on twitter lol
dope up and go to bed.
So Mighty Max was for boys and Polly Pocket was for girls? Learn something old everyday.
Happy birthday ! Hopefully that hand will be mine when isn't around this summer. 😏
Truth exists everywhere at all times.
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
It's Flawless (: xx
Saw so many people tonight sucks I gotta leave soon
looking for politics? Not here. Sports? No problem.
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it. ~Jean~Jacques Rousseau
nigga is trash
hahah classic meggs's night of birth
hope u had a blast at juicy!
#howiknowyou'reafreshman you ask if I'm staying over the summer.
You could be it. Crazy how we go together.
I would never hide anything i dnt have anything to hide
How does one listen to silence? RT : #WI Legislature's JFC will consider budget ideas, but plan to listen to 'silent majority'
Got sum Good/Bad news Bad news: Cypher is canceled 4This Friday..Good News: Its rescheduled 2 Nxt Friday!! stay tuned for more info later
My first tweet of the new year...what's up
John #Davidoff says: "For #MissionDrivenMarketing, nurture compelling discontent: good leaders, and good marketers, are never satisfied."
you HAVE to scan the letter, I must see it:! Oh, i miss the radio days of prison stalkers! not really :)
Can today please be a good day ? Maybe, yeah, no, yes, okay good
I didn't fair catch and you know how that goes. Smh
I am addicted to g shocks I'm going to get my 3rd one this year I love them things
I read parts of the ACA went in effect yesterday Do you know if that's true/how it works? I ask you due to your profession
In a fog today mentally. Went running outside for the first time in years at lunch. It didn't suck. Still don't feel like myself, though.
One of my colleagues and about people who say they "love" to write, via Dorothy Parker: Be honest. You love having written, not writing.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle #BoyzCallMeMaybe (:
Yes, China is opening 1 museum a day!
you scare me sometimes... HA how did it go today?
Thank you
haha oh no... RT : He still has a long way to go for his tweet game to be up to SW's standards
In Rainbows!!...
Pls you sound dumb sis you already know I do whatever it takes.. Sometimes that may include doing things right handed..
thats fantastic. I did shot/discus freshman yr in HS. That's way past me :)
You Already Know ;) I'm to excited!!!(: muahhhsz
Yeah...finally home for the night...yummy.. smothered chicken breast & fully loaded mashpotatoes & Ceasar Salad...I love being a mother
if they got the account, it was solely on the social campaign. i really liked the ad store campaign. simple!
Some ppl kus urk my nerves being in the same facility as me! Lord plz help me deal wit it & da presence of my enemies!
Let's go Celtics!!
Not sure what to think of my few rainy hours in Oslo, but the Swebus bus to Sweden has free wifi with gorgeous scenery'
I heard NY won. Congrats Giants! I'm still green though ;). To the bandwaggon fans - Please Shut Up! Anyway, On to MLB Spring Training! :)
Justice has been served. Let freedom ring. God bless the USA!
can't retract it's claws
Go Falcons!!!!!! Any team but cheese :-)
The #BorntoBeWild media premiere was such a success last night. The rest of the public can check it out this Friday
Thanks A! I was so happy and surprised I burst into tears of joy at my sale!
have you seen the Avengers movie yet? How does Stuttgart, Germany really look??
I Use To Be The Sweetest Girl !
nice dude! What are you pairing it with for breakfast?
I could talk to you all night.
": The pace of this 1st round is beyond breakneck. I havent even had time to tweet."just RT something I've said!!
You can forgive but you won't forget.
RT : Toni, saw your note about #Bono. He has changed the world and is a great hero. >Yes he is! God bless him!!!
If our neighborhood #Borders must close, then #TJMaxx #Marshalls must take its place! Don't get me wrong, I'll miss Borders!
Just Ordered Iphone Case!!! :D Cant Wait!!!!
searching for Quality Assurance Manager candidates for fantastic opportunities in Iowa, Colorado, and Minnesota #MEAT #BEEF #SQF #BRC #HIRI…
#TheresNoWayInHell those were strikes.
Great race for Maldonado and Venzuela. Kimi on the podium again.
Ever walk into a bar & think, im not hip enough to be here? Why does this always happen to me lol
#show so if u send random tweets 2 quote celebrities when the event has sufficient clients is it considered A-List
I just moved. lol and i visit there all the time! I knew you did!
Get back on the grind dude!
Tim Mays didn't sell out. He's SOLD OUT!!
Realized SAT Subject tests are on Saturday, only gonna study for History
Jefferson, tonight is NOT your night!!!
Tonight! Brooke D. at O’Flaherty’s Irish Pub, SAN JOSE!
long night lmao
whats next a tweet per day limit?? I mean i'd think that mindless tweets about nothing 500 times a day would get blocked first!
and they want yours :)
Will Rebecca Black post a Look At Me Now verse on YouTube?
lets do it !
Thanks for your insightful NYT review of new bk by Wish you had been at seminar
I actually love catching Knicks games now. It must really suck to be a Mets fan.
oh yeah completely different from Florida
Right after I sent the tweet, I heard the thunder. It's about to start over here.
Dropped cable boxes off at ups store this morning. Finally free of the $80/mo. for no content insanity!
Yeah they're giving it to the #Reds right now!
Electric Windmill goes to Olympia! Today we'll be hanging out at Last Word Books and sifting through zines in the Olympia Zine Library.
i miss you too girl
watching tv you?
Thank you, Phil! You are kind and just!
cool and nm just at home bored!! Ugh TN is boring!
Watchin the re-make of "The Mechanic" (filmed in part in New Orleans) with a few cold ones to wind down the week of work.
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
zombie survival tip # 257 - never take an unfilled water cantine, sloshing noises will attract the undead. and you don't want that !
More than a glimmer of Democratic hope in Johnson County. About 50 enthusiastic folks at last night's JJ dinner!
I'm so tired.
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama; mother fucker I'm ill, not sick.
So bord at school
I'm goin to try and watch this dragonball z: evolution
Congrats Papa!
