oh...2-4 inches of rain - is that all?? Yeah...the annual CHS baseball alumni golf outing MIGHT be in jeopardy.
Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!
Heck out carts new book thank you economy
Ugg um sick today
Why do the good die young?
cody simpson the only thing i want is for you to follow me please so i hope you see this if you do please follow me and tweet.
you can't make chicken soup out of chicken poop
My coworker Megan. Say hi!
+2 Thanks so much for all your support and help in spreading the word!
a but you're fine xD I understand #DamnAutoCorrect lol
I've been let down by the people that I love, but I won't let down the people that love me.
This is getting played out... I'm ready to quit!!!
Stop lookin in the mirror RT : why in the hell is my freaking eyes on freaking fire?
Hello world! I'm on screen!
"I mostly make poems out of matter and energy." - Shawn Brixey ('85 sculpture)
When is super big I will be able to say I've been here since before 1000. Shoot even before like 300.
Stop worshiping your political false god's.
We are leaving more than footprints in the sand. +> Those go away, your digital data will not.
u do to me
tight t-shirts is best
Congrats to on acceptance of her abstract for Gov Info Quarterly's special issue on Open/Transparent Gov in 2010. Great work!
You dont have to know everything. You know the One who does know and He will tell you when He wants you to know.
Cause I may be #bad , but I'm perfectly good at it! ;) <3 #S&M
Hey everyone! Make sure you get a chance today to celebrate National Cream-filled Donut Day!
I finally got a phone n shit lol
I've been using #csa12 but I've seen other variations
I was good at math before they decided to mix the alphabet in it
If you can dream it, you can do it. Unless you dream that you can't do it? Hmm. :)
Bout to step out with my lil homie
This is such a close game x) I love it !
saul good man
WTF is #Chicago thinking??? great idea not so good execution
The best way to opt your child out of standardized testing is home schooling. Works for some.
cool! where are some of your favorite places that you've couch surfed?
Oh... Not a term of endearment! Lol
how did he get that name?
Phillip Kirschen-Clark, Executive Chef is on twitter! Follow
I was the girl you loved to Miss. You were the boy who surrendered so gracefully. We were the Us that never came into being.
The Guto isn't ready for Bowflex, so please stop asking.
Amazing year end. Closing deals. Great way to end the year.
sent! I'm spending the evening with my daughter tonight, but hope you get to meet the Ulloas!
Having to talk too :D
thanks you too!
...sorry, meant employers. ;)
I wish I could get you to inflate my batting scores by 38 runs when you recount them...
Home alone tonite. Thinking its a drink wine alone in the dark kind of night!
How is it that the women on Bridezillas can find someone to marry them while some of us can’t even get a date?
Yea It does most people so it's all good! haha
It's been a month already? Wow!
thanks for the
isnt he married
My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;)
Joveralls degrees outside and I put on SPF 50 just for the walk to EJ's house. Dreading summer
quit texting pussy all the time. lol
Well deserved, congrats! RT STIR is Graphis PLATINUM WINNER - Top 7 Ads In U.S. in 2011. Proud of my creative team!
Aaron Drenberg is kicking off a startup roundtable and explaining the state of healthcare startups in FL
For once, everything Is going right. I hope that goes for everyone (:
Contemplate "what if"
I am not immortal, but I am at lupo my nupo with
For any writer frustrated by those close to them too lazy to read their book (you know you have them): even Proust soured over that issue.
u tryna hold answers for ransom now..lol
Definitely! When will you be in town?
Start next week. Kind of like my dieting.
So love that you are here and loving on Portland this weekend!!!
I actually thought about it for a minute. I was like, "Is that as inappropriate as I *think* it is? Yes. Yes it is."
It's time to drop all habits, beliefs and connections that no longer serve you. Only then can you create new possibilities for the new year.
Actually he has a local-ish connection: he had to come to terms with Tom Wahl's in order to brand his own Wahlburger.
haha thanks I gotta tweet it again
Seeing some worried tweets, FYI RT During Fleet Week (5/24-6/01) expect low flying military aircraft, gun salutes...in NY Harbor
I could've been listening to music right now, but I forgot my earphones. 😒
Kinda the same here, though we had trouble hearing him. What would be a better use of the banquet?
Big News: A registration to Museums and the Web 2013 was just donated to the silent auction at the Museum-Ed party on May 1! Thanks MW!
Is this your homework, Larry?
RT : “Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.”-Dar Williams
You are killing me!!! I'm on the west coast dammit...your tweets are cracking me up....I can't wait to watch tonight...
TEASER! X Launches The Cameron Golf Shirt. Looks dope. Exclusive 25% off code coming soon on Delofted only!
Come on, Lakers, you can do it.
i don't do birds, wow they had it out with you guys, what did you do <3
I work there!
Fun finder is a great app for teachers, students & parents! Easy searches for hands on activities.
Hello Welcome, we are new to Twitter. But so very excited about sharing our world of printing with you all!
"I'm running the world" lol
I need a massage :/
what I miss?
If I had but one backcopy of YourSinclair, I would quote you four awkward Dominic Diamond jokes about disabilities.
or maybe it just hates me now that its down again
no, twitter is verified on Wharton
Good points. So, you would say ability is malleable, correct?
I want to follow me LOL(:
Drift State all-night sleep concert tonight at the SoftHouse. Playing at midnight. Laser lights, video projections and Patchouli galore.
the on lake st.....belgium fries and what ever that goodness is that they give you to dip them in!
first day of my weekend!
I can see myself playing skullgirls fulltime. :) Fun!
I started learning Mandarin Chinese with my son. Soon we will be making our own #KungFu movies.
word to the wise (and you): don't chum up today, I won't have it
I agree!!
No no, I know more of the story than you think. Also, mate, stop assuming it was his doing.
We'd love for you to follow too. We focus on youth & transition. Mentoring is a part of success esp 4 youth w disabilities.
RT : Jakob Dylan brought along friends Nekko Case & Kelly Hogan to play. They were (the only word applicable) AWESOME
2ma is going to b a great day!
absolutely nothing
Folks say "But at least you know where the bodies are buried!" Like that's a good thing. Like it's not the karmic quivalent of toxic waste.
Thanks for the #FF and the wonderful company you put me in.
:it was when i went to kates haha and her son was there..
Ops Gina I deleted your post sorry post again please
Several people stopped me today and said that they gave up on Facebook as a business too? WDYthink?
My Top Ten « The Denver, Durango &amp; Silverton Railroad
Is there one root cause 4 why we haven't solved global poverty, famine, education, sustainable energy or cured major diseases?
Picked courses for my first semester of college... Woah I'm so old.
Sounds good. Let me know when you would like to chat.
i missed philippines i wish i could go back there right now..malungkot d2 sa america:(
I'm all sad cause my mom rearranged all my band tshirts, and now I am sure a lot of them are gone.
Silly girls, I don't like that gaping wet hole between ur legs or the 10 pounds of fatty tumor hanging from ur chestSo stop flirting with me
Niece read pages on teeth, taste buds, & food-to-poop from Human Body book - with lots of enthusiasm - for bedtime.
Make each day better than the last. Stay inspired!
do you know if you, bianca, and vincent will ever make your way to the midwest? if you don't i'll never get to meet you :(
haHA indeed it was my good old boy O__•
Listening to country makes me wanna drink beer and smoke a cig
If Ron Artest was a wrestler would that move have been called the elbow of peace?
Greyhound racing with the team from !
Now ill dm justin but only once a week cuz i dont wanna be excessive
Hello love! :)
Love being in my zone....
send me that paisa quince pic of us lol
Welcome new followers So glad to have you on board!
Where the hell is your customer service phone number? This loop you put people through is insane!
What's with me and sleeping ugh i'm so lazy
EU opens to first citizens&#39; initatives amid criticism (News)
Pickup Line: I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock.
your an amazing inspiration to all women and business.. Thank you
Major knit problem. Encouragement from hus. "I've got 99 problems but a stitch isn't one"
I'm totally going to see Spidey Reloaded. Just not dying to see it.
Ryan Perrizo says local theaters are viable options for programming events.
Trying to find a few new healthy recipes to make but I keep running into amazing looking desserts.
On the news tonight, when they said Thomas Kinkade was the most prolific painter in the world, I died a little inside.
um I'm late and slow.....where you going?
she do read my tweets yay . (:
Now the stories played out like,this just like A paper back novel <3 ,let's me write an ending that fits instead of a Hollywood horror. <3
fooouuur day weekend :-)
no your the best!!
So for 4/20... What are you going to do?
lol you gone make me crazy if I help you
Bracket Busta!!! #Norfolk St
Probably not til July. :-/
Sugar Free Mango!!
Thanks for the #ff, Marc! Right back at you.
Another great day in the studio with the super talented, awesome Mr. !
It's beautiful in Vancouver but only here for a few more hours alas!
I think i saw chris. Which is awkward because ive never met him in real life
Please "like" us on facebook and help spread the word about the classic commentary on the words of our Savior.
Waiting to see my friend and her daughter perform in a community theater production of The Sound of Music.
just heard about the pro skater 3 dlc. Happy guy.
OMG congratulations :'D
season 6! I just watched that episode to! :-)
Hey thanks, DETROPIA appreciates it! Come out and see it, Canada!
what star on the flag does new york represent?
You are assuming they'll be playing Michigan in the final game still.
you look soo pretty <3... and i have been trying to ask tyler what his fav adele song is but he wont answer :(
cool! I wasn't aware there was an issue queue for this. will do :)
antanarivo: capital de madagascar
RT Dar! Forgot my pedometer. Going back to get it now.
haven't used it, looks very similar to heroku ("platforms as a service") targeting PHP. You building something on it?
Being in HR must kind of be like being a spy. They're all so secretive; closing doors, whispering on the phone, sneaking out without telling
im on the outside but im not looking in
Thanks for the FF!!
boy go to bed lol
Oh he's getting a migraine today!!! Thank you mama, amf love you much!! :-)
loud blunts b4 court
tv in the hotel room update: newsstory about the ravages of bath salts? when ingested, they're highly addictive. the things you learn!
RT : Everyone here dropped everything and spent fifteen minutes taking quizzes on your site. We love it!
Thanks!! RT : #FF knows her stuff!
“There are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; it’s the endings we’re unprepared for.”
#np My Everything - Mary J. 😊
Great minds , great minds!
followed :-) have a great day!
Hahaha Jinx and the neighbor kitteh are fighting...through the window. Hissing and slashing paws at the glass. Pretty hilarious.
Photosbfrom the film shoot are terrific. Will put some up on our Facebook page this week.
Storming really bad.
?QOTD - What strength do you have that is becoming your weakness as well?
I can't handle much more.
Am I pathetic that I got teary-eyed watching the new Winnie the Pooh trailer?
nobody informed the local alumni association.
Congratulations Pippa and Robert!! :)
so only sundays are your silverstein days? cos i find myself listening to every day that ends in 'y'!
We had over 5 adoptions this weekend! AMAZING NEWS! But we can still do more to help the cats and dogs that still need homes!
Ha ;) Glad you tuned in. It's all for the kids....all for the kids (and parents of course).
#ThatAwkardMomentWhen your the oldest one in you class, but your also te shortest..:/ #MyLifeSucks!
showed on 2.0 that a battle rapper can make an album
ugh...... I can't handle it anymore. Do people actually enjoy this?
Hey craft beer fans, on August 27 BeerCon is invading San Diego. Stay tuned for details.
Mole, rice and beans for dinner... Yummy 🍛🍴
I'm a struggler, striver, real provider, can make it happen like macgyver...-kray jackson
Goodmorn back at it again
Great panel. Nice to hear from you all and keep making cause-driven film!
tickets to see the Maine with my bestfriend. so excited (:
The argument isn't about democratization of content, it's about photo ethics and the inherent problem of doctored photos
Call after call, email after email, connection after connection, move after move. This is #networking no sleep for the motivated.
I miss talkin 2u on da house phone all day and night missin hme sweet home
can't wait to hear this week's message!
Thanks - this is going to be stuck in my head all day
When I don't know what to listen to, I often default to Cake. Never really fails.
1978: Yankees erased a 14 game deficit to catch the division leading Red Sox and defeated them in a one game playoff.
RT : Santa came early! We got 10 (11" & 13") Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away! Follow us & RT to win!
u have the bieber fever right ??!!:)
Diego Rivera and frida kahlo house is a must see
hah! it was like that when I worked there 10 yrs ago. sorry it hasn't seemed to change :-(
It's been such a grueling weekend with officer shooting and SEAL incident. Nice to relax with some wine and chocolate chip cookies.
I need help smh
soon I hope !!
Thank you! How's the little one? How old is she now?
I gotta make it to 200 at least
Shout out to Joey HIll of the Navy!! Thank You for everything!!
Is back from Seattle. Co-chillin in beauty-filled San Diego. Er, at my desk at work.
Let me guess, is that Central Market?!
I'M SO OVER YOU NOW.
Who the guy in the limo
Agreed - it's interesting to see how they diverge and overlap - good lesson for relevance of a back channel I think
A mix eh? Hmm, you'll have to wine me and dine me before we're on mix tape status.
Thanks for liking it & RT!! Happy now
its ok. Am proud of being raised in two countries. UGANDA and SWEDEN. :-)
Semi-Finalist, Josh Niznik, a sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, can also play the viola and alto sax!
Wishing I had someone to run to Starbucks while I wait in line...
As I think of all the people I have loved and lost it saddens me but when I feel the wind blow across my face I know they are with me.
I want to spend my whole life with you &hearts;
would you advise against spending the extra $300 for an ipad 2 instead?
New store up now www.skellawear.com
Tricky Dick is on fox 8. I love them!!!
Game DRM: Punishing paying customers with lag and backdoor access for viruses.
Has a head cold--- this stinks!!!!!! Quiet house and I am too sick to enjoy it.
- I won't be in the ranch, but if you took the light rail up i could bring you home.
Did you update your lighting? Loving the new shots x
HEY SEXY IF I CAN CALL U DAT / HEY WHATS YOURTUBE CH
Just wanna say I love you babe <3 This weekend is going to be deadly! Btw, he plumbs for fun ;) luh you
You are an instagram whore, and I love it.
Agree. RT : Didnt say Chrysler/Clint Eastwood ad was bad, folks. Just thought it rehashed too much of last year's ad
still impossible, and Notes still teases that said private API has always been there. 😉
hahahahhaa So funny! I'm a homewrecker! Worst backslider ever.
one thing i hate is mfers talking bout the shit they wanna accomplish.... shit if you want it bad enough go get it
All hail Wastebasket Cat.
lol... I tried.. let me stop playing, for MVP..
Your sunday lunch sounds wonderful.
that is a very good list. I would mos def concur!
when are you guys going to support android?
Headed to the aviary.
Important reminder: Collaboration is not a goal, it is a means to an end.
Great to have Open Water World Champion and Australian Hall of Famer, Brendan Capell, at the 11:30 Pali workout today
That was every Jason Grilli inning ever
what a cool Uncle! Good on him. Please tell him I said so.
Can't sleep and I got work in the a.m :(
R u and Anna still on vacation this week? Woke up late and missed show today.
We're stoked you found us! Thanks so much for the shout out. Wishing you safe travels & hope to see you again soon.
Happy Independence Day!
If there were no fed law agaisnt...would Romney's practice polygamy as his grandparents did?
no no no. lol
heck yes!
Well, there are always laboratory schools. Nowhere is perfect but they have more of an eye towards progressive curriculum.
Good morning
Thanks for watching!!! Next up check The Frankenstein Syndrome!
A CAT has an IQ of 10. A LIBERAL has 11. Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
If I offend you, sit the fuck down. No one cares. This is Twitter, when was the last time you looked at your timeline anyway?
Ur so busy we barely talk, but when you text me,its the most perfect timing ever.
28 mile bike ride Melissa and I did along the American River Trail yesterday kicked our asses...but in a "it feels so good" sorta way.
My sister is always stating that I need to loose weight. But, I'm smaller than her? Like, so now I'ma diet. -_-
Love You Too! :)
Dear , my phone has shown 4G service all day and yet has not gone 90 seconds without dropping data and disconnecting. 1/2
What some local book clubs are reading: Language of Flowers, Hare with Amber Eyes, Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb, 50 Shades of Grey...
#oursong RT “: You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. -Sugarland”
So. Sleepy. In. Need. Of. Sunshine.
It was an honor to work with you this week at ! You were a huge hit at #theweddingparty for
You're sweet, thank you! How is your little guy?
Since I shaved off all but the #stache 2 days ago the are 2-0. Admittedly not a popular style for a 32 y/o.
We are at Morehouse today. Sneakers..clothes..& music. Event is in the gym.
Hit my Chicago faves and found a new one in The Gage. #twinanchors #millers #billygoat #harrycarays. Next time
Great fairs this w/e! Start uptown w/ Crafts on Columbus (Columbus Ave btw 77th & 81st) then Upper Broadway Festival (Bway btw 60th & 65th)
RT if your awake
HELL YA getting dominos pizza with nomnomnom
just gave them 10 unanswered to tie it back up
Yes. And I can't believe I forgot Loch David Crane! #foretc, too, right?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Make it a Grand Marnier margarita tonight!!!
Is anyone going to be #BastilleDays? Tweet us. We'll be there supporting our friends and neighbors.
Keep up the intensity, Brew Crew! Shop's open from Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
I really like neuro and head/neck cancer.
That's some good imagination dude
nah... i'm kind of a big deal around here :)
Gonna see if I can get Millie the Pig in a pair of pink cowboy boots for our commercial shoot today. Happy Friday, all!
Good Morning Twitter.(:
The cast and creative team wish NFL Films head and Lombardi supporter Steve Sabol a speedy recovery from his recent seizure....
Waited on chris malonie of law & order AND some guy from the giants, stefrahan or somethin? Didnt know either of them. Feel like a square.
How hard is it to understand: I forgot my glasses and the bear was down low. Duh.
ditto. And then I get a speech about not being a "team player."
next food network star with
thanks, Susan! How are you doing?
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Raiders #Seahawks)
Morning. Looking forward to meeting with my editors throughout the day on matters of journalism and other publications. Enjoy the day all.
Who the hell is Bon Iver ?
Really need some motivation to start this paper
Outer Banks of NC. A small piece of Heaven. Headed there for a long weekend. Hope everyone has a good Columbus Day. Take some time off!
It's not even that. I'm not that high maintenance kind of guy.. I just happen to have lots of stuffs from simply just living in NY
Yes! That was correct. Hope you all had a great day!
Justin Bieber is MAYWEATHERs BITCH
Love your show!! Who do you like in the Ky Derby this year?
Hey , I'm finally catching my first episode of -- I see why you thought I'd like it!
RT Sex is the best exercise.
I want a relationship like the movies. #dodreamscometrue?
no problem man I hope it works out.
SM Entertainment probably thinks "What's in Texas?"
I'm sharing another past favorite movie with Dylan; tonight we are watching Red Dawn.
NFL draft later.
One of my favorites!!I can´t watch but,enjoy it!!
"Whiskey Into Tears" is actually about giving up drinking...
So went zip lining in Vegas??? Haha that's so cool! I was right under the zip line months before he came. lol
I HATE THE CASL SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!! I'm on that Lelia steez
Felt relieved that all those political ads were OVER, then heard campaign for Mayor Hickenlooper's replacement will start soon... Groan...
Nicely done ! See ya next season, Canucks!
Because I sent in my 1st gen for a replacement.
Getting home from work to find little alex here :)
I did..lol. Why is Izzy on there? Did I miss something???! lol
Some people just don't get it
Playing football in the parking lot after school with & >>>
If it were 1986 I would be eating this up.
My fav rendition of Shackles is comedian Chonda Pierce singing it on her dvd staying alive. Loved it!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Morning Twitter family...Enjoy your day!
Google/Oracle verdict comes back and is rather ambiguous. Who would have thought that was going to happen?
We love you here at TREJOsi! You are beautiful!
I need or to tell my little indian happy mothers day
RT : "how many more games do you think we will win before were horrible again" I bet Audrey is looking for a new job tomorrow
I think that means they can buy more ads and bill you more
Are you mowing the lawn while the house is on fire?
go green!
My pleasure :)
The Act/Arcs page was down temporarily today - check back soon! The presentation tonight was v. insightful!
anything for you.:)
Tonight $2 drinks!!!! And no cover!!! And $125 any bottle bottle service!!! And Dj Ajax! And great bartenders!!!!!!
I dont get how you could have the nerve to do something like that
Eating a late breakfast with a bird and a cat.. I wish I could get a picture of this!!
Jim, I'm lucky you see me. I see you, too.
Do you agree or disagree? RT : 81% of a company's market value constitutes intangible assets
"There are too many fatasses out there" - #Chuck (My inspiration for starting Weight Watchers & )
Happy holidays everyone
"I hate kissin"
Today is looking like an Avett Brothers kind of day
#FF Thanks for following
Yeah, we're gonna go to the movies in a bit :)
my gosh. you and your gifs.
All moved in, still have minimal unpacking to do. First night in the new house we are going to sleep like babies
. under the direction of has been named Best HBCU Fine Arts Program by the 2012 HBCU Center for Media Advocacy!
what to have for dinner...?
How's the afternoon going? I'm a total dope and forgot about trivia today so we're going to have trivia tomorrow. Sorry everyone!
Last Friday of 2011 D:
-Hi Doll! Texted you, hope you got! Maybe tea tomorrow? Let me know! xox
Wish the #Nats were in town today! Perfect day for a #baseball game!
More important to mankind: Beer or Coffee?
RT : "Cut the clutter" #prsms (Media Panel)
he asked me to dance with him :))
Have you been training Bjj with Relson lately? Thinking about competing in the future?
Have a great show at VLV! Here's to brisk sales!!
<33333333 she seriously is
I like jb song's : first dance , overboard , pray , bigger , down to earth ext ..
did you guys end up getting press credentials for c2e2?
I want holtby to play amazing but the caps to lose
Order from #CDW w/ 1-2 day ship time, get email its back ordered until May1, May1 get a email ship date TBD Wasted 2 weeks waiting
My hair color is crazy, its beautiful
Quiet children are good for the environment.
Because of snow conditions throughout the region, EKU offices and Model Lab are operating on a 2-hour delay for Tuesday, Jan. 3.
good playing with ya bro. See u in San Diego.
We're stoked too!
I just did xD your acting different now that your obsessed with druggy xD
Also, I might sit here and wonder about the ending, but I kind of don't care because I didn't care about Leo's character.
What's interesting is it had lots of digital patents decades ago, just never did anything w/them. (My FIL worked there 37yrs)
thanks for listening today!
then who will lead the followers of the p0o?!
We're working on new #deals. What's the next trip you are going to take? Fav vacation spot? We're hearing alot of Vegas!
Someone do this! “: does anyone feel like eating a Italian Steak Sandwich in a hot, playful manner?”
Kg just killed half my ice cream -______-
follow my friend --> they follow everyone back!!! please 5 more follow!!
At her 3/22 visit urged students to take their studies seriously. We wish you exceeding success during your finals exams.
Ah shucks, thanks David. At the end of the day we hope people use the tool that works best for them.
Parents - Encourage your young athlete. Never criticize from the stands.
Peyton to Denver, smart man winnable division and weaker conf. Sorry Nashville.
Heat? Real teams something something Big Ten.
Mexico? The next season What!!
If you could make one wish for mother's worldwide, what is it? Send us your answers via videos, photos, comments using
Can it be Friday please?
Im so bored right now :(
But I get bored with it quickly unless I am hanging out using it as vehicle for #socializing with far away friends.
I just heard FYC on my lunch break like half an hour ago. Is there some FYC retronania I didnt know about?
don't like my chicks single . i like my chicks in twos ;) .
Gloria: "Don't worry so much about where to start, just do something."
You sexy and you know it!!!
love what does RUH stand for?
See? It really DOES work for audiences too! :-)
#Advocacy20 session at #COFLA is using roleplaying to model effective mtgs w policymakers. Great idea!
Come on Lake Show. We don't want to go back home, we want to go to OKC.
The Kings Of Leon's 'Talihina' Trailer Has Us Thinking ...
take em to the big house in Dec....
Central High School marching band is rocking the court!
What happened to Tang?
I hate the Foo Fighters but I really like that song. Good job, yo!
It is not enough to lead by example. You must discuss key values and examine their application or you'll risk a multitude of gaps.
love and hugs to you my dear friend!!
LMAO ! Really You Think Your The Shit && Your With A Bitch Who Cant Close There Mouth By Them Braces Lol #BITCHPLEASE .
haha you are out of your mind young one.
GIGGLE!!!!! You make me laugh so much....
Fuck bitches get money
Just now? Why do you think I cry every time I talk to you.
I'm sorry for whatever I did :(
o yea so now I gtta teach u , AND gw to skate now :)(:
Idk it mit be good thing :D
I broke out the jacket this morning. Excited for Manning, but no matter who plays on the team I'm a Bronco fan for life.
Awesome. I've enjoyed them for the past 3 weeks. Hope ur customers do too “: Kinvara 3 is now stores!!"
great game
RT : is one of my favorite ministries check out there 101 program you can sign up for this summer...
Thank you office of the registrar, you were thoroughly unhelpful.
Hit me up if u want to check out surrender tomorrow! Only
“ “ A girl who ain't scared to try different stuff >>>””
My thanks are not hollow / I'm glad for the follow!
I'm going to be a free 🐦again tonight lol
Okay. To buy West Side tickets....or not to buy West Side tickets....It HAS been a while.
I'm jealous! Thanks for the invite! RT Ah. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Tahoe.
ddnt get it..were r my two cents?:)
oh. Cool,
Fresh out the shower coolin it now
Vikram please get C the fuck away from Barack and his idiot pay Czar. Who the hell is this clown to tell you how much you can pay?
I'll folo you, you folo me. Or maybe you could just dance to some bluegrass.
Shared via EmpireAvenue.com (e)LVPUBLICITY : Adding more shares. This stock's on the way up.-Gary Davie, LVpublicity
REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB w/DJ SURGE drink Specials and NO COVER call Chris for VIPS at 915-999-9696 REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB Upscale!!
Thank you ;) Cheers to a new day!! Make it a great one <3
I got it three hours ago. RT : Morning early birdies! Who gets the worm?
not targeted at personal work of yourself or others at all. There are other ways to monetize on the web
Apparently he is not aware that there are millions of gay Christians...
Getting ready for the big party on Saturday
Why leave the peaceful streets of the bow for carol city? RT : At home about to leave for Carol City in a little bit.
A guy was comparing Gucci Mane and Nicki Minaj, thinking Gucci was better, OH HELL NO.
It looks like most if not all the US/31 intersections in #carmel will have roundaouts at the exits
Wonder what Steven doing
For those who wanna maybe, see my play live.. Stickaim? Or tinychat,
Thanks for the follow :)
is one fierce chick for sure!
Happy Friday everyone - have a great weekend!
Something a lot of businesses don't seem to understand is Customer Service! Basic stuff!!! geez!
Can you tell to pick that up for me? I want it. Thx!
Is he asking for donations for his case?
You guys tweet WAY to much on A days(:
Proverbs 21:31 31 The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but victory rests with the LORD.
marketing sits down w the players every yr to figure out how they want to market themselves individually.
The guy holding mayweathers belt looks like Justin Bieber.
joe wilson and stupid now a top twitter topic. you get the government you deserve south carolina.
Followed. On hold with cust serv or tech support or whatever.... "hold time is over 10 minutes..."
Thanks for the follow, we remember you from Top Design. Love the website!
congrats to our friends and for putting on a killer hometown show last night!
I'm eating wimpy yummy
:) it fits you perfectly
My book is up, check my tweets for the link, or I'll send it if you'd like. Hope you are well my friend!! :D
Well done & good call! RT Planned Parenthood rejects $500,000 donation from titan of misogynistic literature Tucker Max:
The secret to have followers is to follow people
#guiltypleasure RT : End your weekend on a high note with the Housewives of NJ, all new tonight at 10!
I'll bring the lava lamp and midgets
sorry dude. We have to sell them. Can't get all that sweetness for free.
Governor Nixon calls for legislature to send a charter school accountability bill to his desk.
Only 353 days until Fiesta!
Just watched Descendants. Wanna slice wrist now. Yikes! Well acted though.
shout out ?
That is very true, hope everything will be ok
Quite possibly the most exciting thing I've ever seen. I hate the Lakers and them being down by 28 points is just great.
Why must guys be so confusing
If your heart was able to detach from your chest ; id want it in mines so were connected as one forever and always .
Safe travels to - don't forget to grab a cigar & oysters.
Hey everyone is the bombdiggity.
- but not that many, big or often. :)
"running with wolves and I'm on the prowl"
I hate when im havin sex and a girl scream out ”this is ur pussy”. Lol ...yeah fa now plus I just met u a few hrs ago...
snood of the day: adding our customary "ah yeaaahs" to this record..sti us on the swag!!!!
HOLLY LIKES BOB A LOT LOLL
I'm packing tunafish & peanut butter. See ya soon!
is on the road to Charles de Gaulle.
on CYA I can neither admit or deny!
RT : “ I don't need you. Remember that bitch.”
Follow Back Please :)
Amen!!!!! ": You Cant Hold On To The Past But You Can Destroy Your Future By Not Dealing With It"
": What happened to old fashion romance?" it became a rare rare jewel
if it were a new lifter, no. But he's at the point where he's got his own style that works for him.
Mastered a new Latin/Hip-Hop compilation CD called "La Nueva Escuela" today.
such a simple yet powerful phrase and yes "I WAS born this way" the Monster Ball was life changing, if you haven't seen it YOU MUST!
Ditto. I loved the belly dance show! :-(
I'm flying again lol are u surprised
Thanks for the follow WNDE Let me know if your crew gets a sweet tooth....we're just around the corner :-)
Thanks for the reminder. Just sent a note to our exhibits team for next month's topic.
Funny tho. A customer walked in & asked for my help. Im like: I DON'T WORK HERE! Lol oh that felt good! MUHAHAHAHA~
yes it is
Don't forget tomorrow to support Get Together Girls The Documentary and come to our Pizza FUNdraising event in Mar Vista!!!
Okay history channel, I get it. You like Atlantis. But Im tired of seeing "Shocking New Evidence!" and its the same underwater road.
yupp, so you say NO.. loll
Good Ovens, is that up to date?
On the spl.org website, browse Overdrive digital books, select download to Kindle - which redirects to Amazon.
Love the video, I will most definitely post this everywhere.
Love it! RT : I had the Sheboygan sandwich from for dinner last night, and now I'd like another one for lunch.
LMAO! Their #website failed!! What the fuck you present now?? Hahaha.
Chicago rocks!
johnny what's do funny I can't stand you just for that no breakfast
Braun hits his second home run of the night! 5-2 Brewers.
Good Night! :)
Yeah, but he didn't have a medical waiver for his prescription, so my understanding is that he could still face suspension
#rulesoftwitter tweeting so much ur in twitter jail.lol
oh it's okay, I know things can get in the way. There'll be pics up for you to see :)
Congrats!! RT : Im married!
I actually need your number too! New phone! I DM you.
I'm riding with you to the top of the hill
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Custom sign Printing for all types of businesses at an affordable price. Call 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420...
M, that's what matters Jess :) I'm working my way across each firm cheek until I reach the center & then down to that pussy
A tough question. Restrict access to competing reinforcers? Or making them contingent upon task completion?
And we're back at ! Did you know we push updates to the Encyclopedia of Life software on a weekly basis? Contact me to learn more.
and I'm sorry who is autistic?
thank you!
Ok...well you can forget about what I said about this going into extra innings....
Spurs bench>>>Clippers bench....and it's NOT EVEN CLOSE! Clips are going down
That is a great quote - and so true.
It’s tip Tuesday introduce a friend to twitter it's a power media tool.
It's a #Marvel movie, after all! ;) RT : Go!!! & stay until the very last credit rolls. :-)
Big show at opening for ! We go on around 11pm...don't miss this one!
Aye #ToiletGirl is trending! Lol yeah we run twitter lol
Yes, very true. Very true Shawn.
Long time Alec-congrats on SAG award again-Got my vote-Loved the Piers Morgan interview. Looking good my friend-Keep it up
RIP Whitney Houston. She had one of the best voices of all time.
Hustlin' tunes until 5pm at Stop by and get your ears dosed! [#ilm]
You better shut up and be happy
Honestly, one of the best feelings in the world is when you get home from work, put your keys & cell phone down, and can breathe
how u been ...you dnt mess wit me no more lol
Woke up sore. Man i need a massage. Lol. What am i about to get into today?
I love attention! But I refuse to get half undressed and act like a slut to get it?!
The opposite of fear is love. - unknown
Time to get up. Its Friday.
Can't wait to get home and get back on.
Be disarmingly truthful in every aspect of your marketing message and you’ll win over your prospect.
I am too. Looking forward to working with you on my next release....
“: 5 rep max deadlift at 335#. Then survived a scaled king kong in 3:43.” nice!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Sometimes the reason that legal fees skyrocket in a case is because of the other side's unnecessary games.
"Riding the struggle bus." -
People all over the world join hands...start a love train :)
BARUCH HASHEM!! PLANE LANDS SAFELY!!!
Getting ready for the post lunch session "Solving the Content Conundrum" with from
then WHY by all means do you not pick up you bum
Tune into Air Talk today at 10am to hear discuss her new book, Stardust Monuments
Day 1 of 90 days, hm 89 more to go ugh lol
So cute! Great pictures!
What's an EMP? An Emerging Museum Professional! Less than 10 yrs in the field? Want to connect with other EMPs? Follow us!
Yes, I'm a big fan of hardwood floors too!
Deafening at jeld wen. Rain sideways.
Follow ... Its our new band and music is coming out really soon!
I definitely need to!! Don't we all
oh you'll respect me once I kick ur ass
What a beautiful day! Get out and breathe this day! So happy to be alive!
Life isn't something that you can plan out, it's all about
#FRANKIEGOBOOM: Score = cliche, 'quirky' elements = equally tired & ditto for entire 3rd act but a nicely laid out romcom w/ cute characters
Im so happy here.
thanks - the feeling is mutual!
You crying over a female because she gave the sex & Don't want you no more..
Taylor lautner is so fucking sexy!!!
Bahahaha that picture is funny. It looks like he is saying "call me or else" lol. xD
not if they don't want me there!
Watched a game today of JV level spring developmental basketball where a team spread the floor with six minutes left in game.
I dnt even get an effort from u.
T-ball opening day, my favorite day of spring by far!
good looking... yeah, that's one of my favorites too.
Glad I won't be in los Angeles for Carmageddon...LOL
Going to take my written test a second time so i can get my liscence
Poor little homeless fart...
it was so nice meeting you at #sxsw! Thank you for your insights.
Im grown... U niggas "Baby Food"
how and are sitting with QO kids...
Hehe. I'd love to have a clone or two.
New years eve what's good
MUCHO PROPS! to Shwan B. M. Carter, Myia H., Boogz, & last but certainly not least Janice Jane Bevel! WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
free scarf at the twins game on mothers day!! #exciting☺
But the conjuring arts library does seem to hire every year. THIS could be my lucky year!
Oh uh then maybe tell them if they dont behave chickens will become extinct! jk :p thats horrible Logan!
I can't wait to quit this whole boyscouts nonsense
How is tramon williams's camp goin? N e one been to practices?
No..sit down coach c
Men can be victims too!!
Also thanks for the nudge- the site needs a bit of overhaul. Ill email you with more details.
Spending all calculus class playing Mortal KOMBAT on a sega genisis with >>>>
no not til next week. I have a two day training thing in canonsburg so I'm crashing in Oakland for a few days.
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
What's the one thing you can't wait to do this weekend? We have a few things on our list :)
is morning dreaming about Nippon.
Wishing Purdue good luck in the NIT. #IU rocks! Go Hoosiers!
One's character can be broken...but once damaged...it is never repaired...GUARD IT WITH ALL YOU HAVE!
all of fb or just yurs? :o
Awesome! RT : What a fascinating and effective speaker, For those not at #mptech, make a point to go listen to her.
i did that with a taco bell cherry limeade sparkle once lol.
ADD has new meaning in 2012 - Always Doing Digital. coined phrase
you're mean to poor Vikings fans. should slap you
What a night at the Kettle. Big thanks to the fine folks from for joining us for a mass-bottling session. Enjoy the beer!
Shiller FINANCE derived fm Latin 'finis' (end) BUT prefers 2believe as field that allows GOALS to be achieved
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty gotta make sure I add extra water on the KoolAid and tea :/
thanks for a great wine and dine experience..you guys ROCK! Thx to our server Amy! Check out Proof if you are in the DC area!!!
Hey! Michel Hazanavicius thanked Billy Wilder during "The Artist" acceptance speech. Don't you love Billy Wilder too?
User generated content & currstion also at DPL- yes!
Why There Is No Tablet Boom (Just An iPad One) tncnews.com
really?! wow.
you rule buddy :)
Tomorrow is a VERY IMPORTANT DAY. 🎵❤
Thanks for the follow! Can;t wait to talk trees with you!
I'm talking relative modern history, Malcolm. You can't say "Hundred Years of Humiliation" didn't crash China.
Wish I was closer to Atlanta to come for breakfast. Hope the new office is treating you well
Too freaking adorable. I can't wait until my baby is old enough to make V-Day cards.
college t-shirt day at work.
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you...
Writing a business plan for a business that sells both customized toilet seats AND flavored popcorn.
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without each other.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world! It beats #money and #power and #influence. It is no more or less than #FAITH in action!
"god i can't wait till the weekend" "Elyce its Monday."
New Real Friends acoustic album mother fucking rules. So glad there are still bands making good music in this scene.
Does he have a Twitter? Can I add him on FB?
#LMSunSIG session2. What is your lms training consist of?
Spending part of the day prepping for upcoming BBC doc appearance. Maybe the splendid will give me some tips.
Neighborhood 3 opens on THURSDAY! You will be there.
Even FLOTUS was a little shocked with that hockey mom zinger
Follow Me Please!? 72
Is Whitney Houston dead?!
What's an ambitious woman to do? Find out at
Wow Texans tryout Vetran QB Jeff Garcia Crazy huh
This train is so dry.
so how's ur day goin ma
| Congrats! Awesome news!
Call me for table hook ups tonight at Tru. Sexy lingerie party. Chris&Dave promotion
No Easter peeps for me this year, but hoping to see a Celtics "sweep" at MSG today! Go C's!!!
Seeing a ton of gift cards being used these past few days- RETWEET this status if you're one of the shoppers using them!
Bout to walk out the door n I decide I need to change my outfit.
All packed up. Weird.
:) . Thats Fine . I Respect That .. Thank Youu ..
Feelings great today and ready to do some great hair, call and make your appointment now (813) 910-2770!
The more choices you have, the more freedom you will have to choose how you want to create happiness in your life.
nice!! Enjoy it?
aw thanks
Lol. I remember when I used to be in love with I used to love her so much.
Why do people follow me?
White girls with fat asses < midgets with fat ass lol
really hope black panther is in the avengers movie
Joe Paterno, you will never be forgotten. We love you &lt;3 rest in peace. You changed football for all and that`s amazing.
I think I jus burned the bridge between our friendship and I didn't even mean to be like that to her
we have a song ready for your radio! Just tell us where to send it.
Uh huh...so your dad needs to fly the box to NZ. right.
55 Min to #Nationals #Baseball! Woot!
Wow. I really should have proof read that paper
Ad Vitam Paramus => We are preparing for life
grannies on safari tv series is airing all over US. check us out on local pbs. we travel to india, peru, zanzibar and south africa.
nice Take it down Angel
12hrs after midpoint of sleep the night before--that
Feeling the Panther Pride this morning!
Yeah, I still need to cop that.
I can now say i am over him... i seen better n got better... n 4 once in my life i am not paying 4 our meal when we go out or driving
Blah blah blah. Monday. Blah blah blah.
I found a few nice.to talk to them
New twitter. Hm...
Gonna be staying in a haunted hotel in San Antonio tonight. Oh.
It's time to make big things happen! Not tomorrow, not next week, RIGHT NOW! "Nothing Will Work If YOU Won't!" Change Today!
Let's go Hoosiers! Beat Mich St!
Yeah, it did! I know. I don't get why they didn't pick it up. So just out of wondering is Instagram hard to use?
Sleep deprived -.-
Tim are you coming up to NY and I don't know about it?
RT : Q2: core elements of a DAM strategy - metadata, workflow, search, usability, rights management
Gorgeous day...wouldn't an ice cold beer be great?
Look if someone dont want to be wit you stop messing wit that person move on
DreamFace is at the #Mulesummit Paris today
celebrate jesus and the resurrection of the lord today! follow him and you will be blessed with eternal life!
My EYES LOW
Day 1 recap con't: lots of great questions and passionate instructors. Looking forward to tomorrow.
are you posting them somewhere? am intrigued.
Thanks for the Follow Friday!! Much appreciated!
yo team going back to the Finals???
Such the American way to do something controversial, then get paid from it (books & interviews).
Listening to myself reading Eliot makes me want to punch both myself and Tom in the face. Argh. #howmanytimeswillirantaboutschooltili'mdone?
“: Twitters kinda therapeutic” but how does that make you FEEL
Went to a drag show at Aqua tonight and it was so much fun!
LOL...looks like i am the one who needs to tread lightly now.
Which one? :0
Cleveland fan card revoked. Cheering for a Pittsburgh team is unacceptable.
Been busy, haven't been on twitter that much. :(
Oh my timeline hasn't refreshed in 9 hours! It's like I'm in a time machine!
nothing definite yet. Email my assistant and she'll email you next time we're over
Thanks for the follow, Rich! Have a great day!
I'm insecure I know what for. 1D is so big I'll never meet them at a-a-all. So I will cry til I die cuz I'll never see them with my e-e-eyes
please go to the regal theater tomorrow to surprise people in new york ! <3
#iftheworldendsonsaturday Http://tomorrowbook.com would still have the best search engine!
ha. Yeah.. He curses alot.....
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Maintain a community on your blog.
I cant wait to have a Macadelic time at the concert in #Baltimore on April 26th!
Jamal is being selfish. What he should do is play out his contract and test the market. But then again he is a pro athlete
Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring.
Being followed by childhood idol , Sharon Creech, author of Walk Two Moons, Bloomability, Absolutely Normal Chaos
gotta make moves for TOUR! practice, plan, DO! awww yeeuh! also stoked to meet up with the VIV boys tomorrow!
oh, finally we got our power back on.....!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Hope all the moms have an amazing day!
Yo soy de Medellin! ... We don't say dale lol
Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs.
katuska is that u
I know the feeling. My graduation application was approved today, so I WILL GRADUATE!
Rookies were split into two groups and brought out after 15 of 19 rounds. They didn't totally explain how they picked sides.
That 4th down stop coulda been the nail in the coffin! Can't do that against the Saints! Drew Brees is too dangerous for that!
Don't call someone trashy for having tattoos. xo.
Dress up: What am I going to be this Halloween? I'm going to be a... sleep
Its raining all weekend in the 206 as well
Hopefully we get to see that feud and match.
Warm as shit out..go BMORE
SXSW announcement! March 12th, get ready for an awesome SXSW White Whale shindig at ! More details to come!
thanks I thought it was injury related. & by the way I hate Duke! Ugh Go Eers, Beat Duke.. Although want Sparty to win it all
Was it a (949) number ? Would like to talk about advertising opportunities w/the Oc Metro magazine :)
Great evening seeing Hal and Ray then saw #AmericanReunion #AmericanPieMovie w/ 50 rotten teenagers....We loved the movie, not the teenagers
lmfaooo true true
I want the ESPN play-by-play! This is exciting!
...or giving u the stink-eye... Lmfao!
We're either at the pool or the bar. ;)
Don't expect to win the game if you don't get in and play the game.
A squirrel runs on the razor of the fence’s top / where to? / don’t we all run like this?
Death. Warmed. Over. So looking forward to the leftover tikka masala & Mad Men that's waiting for me at the end of today.
oh yeah I've heard of those!
hahaha lmao.. and this is why Pauly is my fav RT I'm The HBIC ,,,, Head BlowOut In Charge !!! Yeah Buddy
Tune in 1070 am for and Jesse Ventura in a minute. It won't disappoint!
#TextsThatLeadToSex "You trying to make some money?"
Really Solomon Wilcots, is Ryan Fitzpatrick that fearless...
Has it ever crossed your mind When we’re hanging, Spending time, girl, are we just friends Is there more
Astros trade Quintero and Bourgeois. Yes, to another major league team. Well, the Royals, so it's debatable.
“: The Perfect City for a #Capricorn: Houston, TX” that's me LOL
With #oscar #sunday fast approaching what did you think of the #artist? a love letter to the days of cinema when words were not an option.
Ladies and gentlemen, Sean's third tweet for the month of April.
Lexus Luxury Level for the Hawks Game!
Good luck! “: I am convinced I have a horrible disease. Or else I'm just in CBS limbo waiting to see if I'm going to get picked up.”
lmao! Why Would I sit there and count.. I ain't got time! And HEY! Liam is a nice name!
P-E-A-C-E peace to the middle east Go Planet !!
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin, Wisefly Auto Glass
haha hey nice one! x) imagine me when im dead? The sex will be marvelous!
Do I say "break a leg?" RT : If I were in a theatre production, this would be Hell Week. Competition is in five days.
Love to my new follows!!
dude ran into your old man and dillon here.
Prof Bies: Three things it takes to be successful: passion, competence, resilience!
FishBowl Radio Network Relationship Problems? What are they? Also do you want a shout out, let us know!!
5 upcoming hot spots for roleplay in Mists of Pandaria: by Anne Stickney May 12th 2012 at 2:00PM All the world's a stage, and all the...
>> Thanks for RT, Rose! Hope you had a great weekend.
Gas prices jump at Speedway on Fish Hatchery from $3.69 to $3.95 overnight. Fill up while you can!
I missed the "and Reggie Miller is also in the house tonight"
I'm ccing you for next year :)
Happy Thanksgiving to all my "Tweets"
I believe she has a chief of "staph", to deal with her... issues.
let's hope tomorrow is smooth sailing
...definitely all relative...
Friday's special guest will be the beautiful and talented ! Tune in at 11AM CST on
No matter how hard things may seem there's alwayz something good comin around the corner
sony f900. the trailer is from the sd until we online.
chut up I meant u* ahaha
Here you can find what you're about Eminem
The guy at the local bodega only ever sees me buy ice cream and cat litter. He must think I'm AWESOME.
btw what you saying this long weekend?
Down to only 68% of the vote...yikes.
i don't look like a rabbit.......
Interview at Fox Studios then recorded drums at The Gravity Room Studios. What a great day. Voxer me?
How can the NFL even compare you to Tom Brady ? No contest there but if there was you would come out of top Like always
Get to Salsa Under the Stars by 6:30 and enjoy a FREE Salsa Lesson with Salsa Baby!!!
u are a FOOL!
Love it! RT : #aam2012 drinking game: bottoms up everytime someone says "engagement"
Thank you so much! I am getting good feedback so I am thinking I may have to go in a little late tomorrow to pick it up!
FEELING A LITTLE FOOLISH BEING JAILED IN THE OFFSEASON
I just saw the #wienermobile !
Aaron, it's always amusing when you call me "the universe".
Would also say that it is significant that %7 of FB friends haven't met f2f. That's a lot of ppl!
My daughter might be going to spellman!!!
our new song for spanish boys to sing to us is Promise by Romeo Santos and Usher <33333
Aqua teen hunger force is funny lol
i cant wait for #VictoryField field this year. its about to be hella fun
always #inthezone on my walks to and from class. Sorry. :(
I hope they realize after 2 finals today I'm going to be completely worthless at work tonight lol
Every day is trash day when you live in NYC.
Ugh, I need something better than TweetDeck. Recommendations?
It's May 5 and I can see my breath
I wanna do somethin
Just seeing this. Congrats!
comScore’s recently published statistics for online video viewing and video ad exposure in the Europe reveals the biggest growth lies in vi…
Send some martini's to Milwaukee!
AJ Best Not. I'm Not In The Mood.
I love when you tweet about me. ;)
so I now have a twitter and don't know how to use it..lol
I literally lol'd!!!!!! Nina told me :P ”Roll up yr windows or ya'll gonna bust a Marco Otero!!”
wow way to be compassionate ):
haha ikr so what state do u live in?
wow... two little babies kicking my butt! Trying to get plugged back into the world.
RT : #Fact ---> RT : A chick that always wanna argue is a Fucking turn off
you already congratulated me prior to now
I may or may not have just gotten hulu plus so I could continue my shameful One Tree Hill marathon.
On the way to perform at red kiva....mityme now!
i love it, idk seems it would be the same, been all the way to ny and the only def is weather!
Ice on my neck and wrist
hahaha not them! Another band:)
totally agree. Just thankful we are not in the house with her!
Determine your compensation range. This will help you avoid making a lateral move instead of an upward move.
or hate on him for a reason. I'm like #goaway. 😏
yeah i remember is movies, you will be miss RIP John Hughes
So excited for our photo shoot for some new band pictures!!!!! Will tweet some pics from on set later
have you and domo found a pair of pink skinnies yet ?? ;D
That's amazing. :)
If you don't trust someone, don't be with them.
Thank you for the RT!
GA Gov. Nathan Deal just gave a strong personal & economic case for the arts.
The Killah Bees head up to the Granite State to scrimmage NHRD Bring the sting, Bees!
May your neighbors respect, troubles neglect you, angles protect you, and heaven accept you.
Dear sister of mine, STFU!!!! Sincerely, trying to sleep >.>
Oh my gosh wish I was there!
half and half sounds better lol
u love a boy
I would so be all over that.
Individuals are the architects of their own destinies. Follow your dreams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
I've heard similar ideas substantiated. In the end, the nap was merely satisfactory.
hey! How you been? Long time no talk! Lol
Oh #happy day!
Beef negimaki wit extra sauce
Planning & preproduction for some big SXSW marketing efforts. Music week is always a good time for us. Love SXSW energy!!
#Tastytweets Enjoy the rest of your stay!
this is going to be weird to say and for you to hear, but please start charging me money. don't want you to disappear.
13th trip to mexico. leaving in two weeks. shooting maya ruins...small, obscure sites again
Why has no one coded a Battlestar vs. Star Wars video game?
got it
he's In governors square 14, bottom floor. Come on down, so far: amazing as promised
that's what's up man! Hit me up! 3174147987...
We'll keep the home fires burning. Enjoy the break!
Your about to become my new BF, I love what your all about!
Not sure as to who, it's more like which faction I think I'm part of right now. Right now, Major Crimes Unit.
She's like, "There were so many people with more things than me, so I saw no point in waiting! It was just a muffin!" :]
#nisoEbook Paxhia: prerequisites for success include obvious value and availability of devices. Was 2011 the Year of the eBook?
You can hear the orchestra always trying to sing with these oppressive figures
the quoted an tweet in a news update!
two is transferred to the job market in the same way ppsychology is relied upon in communications/advertisement.
Smoke another one brother!!!
what types of jobs are you looking for?
*Computer freezes.* ME: "WTF?!" *Starts clicking everywhere.*
Pierce Senior Center to be turned into banqueting hall
Hi!!! This is our casting company! Would love to talk to you!
Bringing my scholarly circus side-show to NIU tomorrow. Excited to show and talk about some new things and see & et al.
You come to find that the things some may find annoying in a relationship, others wish they had.
It's Wed so it means another staff mtng. Topics of discussion: , #EotR Distinguished Artist Award, & more!
#confession I need a new twitter profile pic. I just liked it and kept it way too long.
If untreated, #BV may cause infection of #fallopian tubes and #uterus, which may lead to
#ConfessionNight I trie to pee out my car window on a road trip and it went out my window and I through the back...
Again c ur pt but actually the answer is yes...that interview on a talk show is much diff post and pre draft. Not a new thing
I DO LIKE YOU ! I told yu that already
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ;)
They don't have enough subs to sub out everyone on a yellow...
Christmas Eve - yeah now I have time to get ready for 2012. So much to do and so little time but I will prevail.
perish the thought!
people said u slammed and took the rim down shaq style
Maybe we should put a travel ban on the Egyptian delegation that's visiting next week? Only fair.
Corel VideoStudio Pro Ultimate Review: Great Value in PC Video Software
I am smart, I'm not a scatterbrain. Not flakey. Not aloof. I am smart.
I'm following you :)
the only that would've made #puppyconan better: puppy labamba
Many thanks to all, especially recent followers and DJ's for the feedback.
Ruling guys, thanks for the RTs and see you in March :)
lool ok (:AustinsHairFolicles? :D that one was stupid lol. im done now. and btw im just hyper/bored so ignore me right now lol
No strings attatched, then making a shout out video(:
Time to take out the trash
Favorite TV moment: "Women have all the power in sex." "That's why male prostitutes don't make house calls."
Chris Paul Wants Out! Blazers, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks among the teams he wants to play for..Lakers possibly in the mix as well.
Would it count as plagiarism for me to tuck one of these stickers into every Bible in the local bookstore?
Just finished a Go-See Very creative atmosphere. They were super nice and Floyd the bulldog was too cute!
It's the smallest things that mean the most
SOUND CHRONICLES IN FULL EFFECT!!
definitely a #boniver kinda day
I loved Edie and Mike before Marc killed em off. But Lynette is and always will be my favorite! :D
Thanks. Haven't actually been on Twitter these days.
sounds good joey
What a game!? Watching Lakers vs. Thunder. 91-91. Going into overtime...
Everyday in the 90s here. Entering the rainy season. Hot + muggy everyday. Fun!!
Looking forward to seeing you at #smacsrit tomorrow!
Bucks need a stop here. I don't know what is going on with jennings. Got torched all night and didn't shoot?
New post: Dulcet - The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
. Thank you for the great infographic!!!
Q23 love my wahm hooter hider ;) having a successful bfing exPerience this time around! Yay
S/O to Illest in the game
Do u like or dislike hornswoggle?
thank you! We hope to see you here soon!
I'll vote for the man but I'm not giving him my money. I invite you to donate to whomever you think best & I'll do likewise
Thanks B-Fresh, I have been in the lab writing up a storm and have been as far from the loop as possible :(
Stop. Take a second. & Breathe. :)
I'd agree with you, but we'd be two wrong Mf's..
I'll be proudly sporting my SBXLV gear we're still champs until the game is over #Packwinning#14in2013!
Let's go Louisville : I like where we at... We good. Big run coming in the 2nd half
Lol I vibe to that #TooMuch RT“: I ain't think nobody was gone get it RT : Welcome the mind of a maniac
that was still an AMAZING movie though.
we hope to see you at the show this year!
Farve might come back to play for the Bears, might be a Chicago fan again... Orphanz™
Ha! Poor kid
Thanks for the suggestion will give it a try.
so 3 6 Mafia isn't a group anymore?
happy birthday :) still have the britney video on repeat!
SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY ;D no no, I'm the same way xD haha
Not sure where we are sitting on that one. Just wanted to pass on some info.
my house! And we need a DJ #WelcomeToMyHouseParty!!!!
Work almost over
I was a little pissed at being woken up, and me and the cool roommates searched the apt to find out how the hell the cat is getting out...
Search #YOLO and see how many people actually use it literally...
I was bringing donuts 2ma
what do you have in mind? I can do more than just key chains.
stiles:like death hehe
Hey.. kinda love you♥♥♥;D
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BAMBOO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Heading over to Something Different Party Rental to play with place settings!
Awesome site!
Wow. Unconventional, but I'll take it!
I hate Clint Barmes. And to think we have this asshole on a two year contract.
Take a walk on the wildside!!!!
Hurry back Monday.
Big bankroll do it like Tony. Fuck her friend then I pass it to the big homie. Got a sign on my dick, bad bitches only.
One can rearrange the letters in "Fredi" to spell "Fired" -- COINCIDENCE???
If Justine LaMacchia would try some different makeup and mix it up every once in a while, she could be really pretty.
If this doesn't happen, Amy Whipple and I are going on a mass killing spree.
hackoff was epic. Freaking matt in cleveland! A legandary meltdown for radio history.
Yeah I guess they have the Zbo injury as an excuse to why it didnt work. Could give it another go next yr
I got a paid summer internship for part time this summer! I finally don't have to stress anymore...for just a little bit.
Stringer Bell teaching Macroeconomics is just the best.
"Elegance is a question of personality, more than one's clothing." -Jean-Paul Gaultier
I actually bought my kid a latch hook rug kit. He's not sold on it. I use it to punish him.
Well, least he's there to bum some $1's off of.
ack! don't read the comments don't read the comments don't read the comments...
Black Documentary for the day "Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives."
the sky is a limit you can be whatever you wanna be!!!
So sleepy
Thanks for the follow
I'm good, working hard & counting the days down to see my daughter next week! How's ya new spot workout last week?
:hi how are you doing? I've been praying for you and your talk show. <---- Oh WOW! Thank you for your prayers!
This is my best friends video.I wanted to let you know how much she loves you! If you at least talked to her she will go nuts!
I love new skunk hair. He's lookin good.
you tell me! Ask your gym friend and the ticket taker guy you talked with for a solid 30 minutes when they are free.
Fatman good I m comeing to Orlando
Me and are like fucking night owls!
i guess that statement only includes tyler and earl. if they polish up their beats a little i think they could reach that level
RT : #schoolmemories food fight in lunch
Heading to the beach
okay girl! No rush, no problem :)
Earthquake in San Francisco, just now!
"If this was easy anyone could do it" is the reality of independent film finance, not only in the U.S., but all over the world.
haha well good (:
A sales person can make me go from "I'm not interested at this time" to "I'll never be interested" with pesky emails and calls
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters :)
will do! Vet just called & he's doing well :)
haven't looked into yet...good stuff?
oh lol i was responding to your last tweet lmao my fault
how did you break your thumb??
bands! In philly? Free tonight? Looking to help great cause? Slots avail full bands at dobbs toys 4 kids event email
I will be sure to ( :
thanks Sara!
Ha! Fair enough...LA still? We'll have to link up...exploring songwriting for artists other than myself a bit...
Speaking og T.O. looks like he's trying to weasel his way out of Buffalo but flat out quitting on his team. Punk.
Morning to all Mother's out there
Rickie Weeks has struck out more times (48) than he's reached via walk or hit (43). Just pitiful.
today proved that I dont need to think about my future
Rush, You are the only one who can make me laugh when things are bad. Don't ever stop!
Happy first day of Spring! The weather will start warming up!
you're adorable
May all of your wildest dreams be exceeded in the reality to come for 2012! Love, peace, health and miracles!
how did you hair go from that to how it is now??
Here is a legit question. How far do you have to insert a meat thermometer to get an accurate temperature?
I thought it was understood when Mr. X of Company Y speaks on behalf of the company, that it IS the company speaking. Strange!
Wish I was back in #Hollywood for the #Oscars again. Love the
Congrats to DTD for winning the 2012 Little 500. (thanks, too, to for great coverage)
"Americans We" by Henry Fillmore is a march you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
When i tweet something, does it go to everyone's phone?
. I think you make good points. Some I have pondered before and some I have not. I will take this to my editors. Thanks.
come out and try some of our other pies at the market sometime!
Special soup tonight, with drinks and crackers and a good word from a surprise speaker. 6:30.
See, I know my destination, but i'm just not there
Terrance Jones! Ridiculous!
Don't know yet, I think imma just go in undecided. wbu ?
groupies?? Like deadheads? Sounds exciting! I bet its like beatlemania in your place!!!
Performance classes are coming in June!! Come in and practice your performance! email me if you are interested!
you was preaching Tyler! God bless you...
i DM'd you twice. read them :)
is there any way to separate the galleries and collections on the galleries page? i had code elsewhere depending on separation
great to have you here !
the talls vs the smalls - #teamtall haha gotta love
what are you serious I hope they make a good game.
lots of big band and Latin sounds comin' up.... Antonio Adolfo, Sammy Figueroa, Jerry Gonzalez....
will we see you in Chicago again soon
hello Wes. We are still waiting on you to email us your tunes!
it probably doesnt help that youre booty dropping and singing holla-back girl. Just what im assuming/imagining.
Conference attendees that also live in DC - how are you getting to conference on Saturday?
Panic! @ The Disco
There is so much on my mind ..
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
... there is a sense of relief in being able to tell a pushy coworker that they're asking the wrong person for help.
OLLU Men's Golf - Finished 6th of 8 @ ROUND 2 -- Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State @ Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
I can't wait to see you in The Lucky!! Perfect casting!!! : )
Happy Thanksgiving to you and all of yours!!
RT " Hey y'all - do me a huge favor and check out my friends _____ by clicking on ______."
Swagg Mo Sicker Den MF Aids Patient
of course! We love your blog
Suck it Rauch
Heck Yes!
sounds like a terrific event!! thanks for sharing.
alright, getting out of bed now. So motivational.
Thanks for the #PumpRoom suggestion. That is right in my wheelhouse. Felt like I was in a #JamesBond movie. Great choice.
LMAO I lovee this one!!! "You know how to get to Manor Rd?"
