hope it's nothing too serious
Not surprised to hear from multiple people Deadmau5's set sucked. Good producer, bad club DJ
Someday I will finish 1. Hahaha. I'm making a mini collection here pretty soon. LOVE YOU and our friendship. Miss you already.
Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list? I have the same one!
I hate 2 services
Thank you to our sponsors
I wonder if it's hit Ricky that College Station already has a pres. library?
RT wish I could have gone to #FinalPerk at but I was home. it's like the down side to being home =[ ]=<--sorry!
Plz ask Matthews 2 explain. Colbert's making fun of FOX fear mongering and more. He doesn't tell the truth bc he's using irony
Woah! Sounds intriguing!
In the West, it's Advent. In the East, the Christmas Fast. In the South, we call it fried chicken.
I think Chou Chou needs to be the standard for toothy tabs going forward, I actually look forward to brushing!
Faaackkk. It's too late for food. -_-
I bet #AustinsFirstSingle is gonna be AMAZING, <3
Really wish I could tell you about #100days but I can't, unless you're really good at bribing?
Well done Tar Heels.
So my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday. I bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up. Ouchie!
Hello tweeters on this BEAUTIFULL lovely warm sunday ...newarks looking pretty today :) whats everyone upto today ...Harley & katie :) xx
no shot for derxel then, right??
I think i'm actually ready to be done... 4REAL this time.
Patriots = #WINNING!
You say that now, but who'll have the last laugh after I have my head cryogenically frozen?
Second Tip: Protect Yourself- Take care of yourself, too, by choosing appropriate dating sites. choose a reputable online dating service.
So if I volunteered, you / your company would pay for license. I think I'm so interested!
Left my old one at home.. got a new one.
"Things fall apart so that other things can fall together."
Feat bob and Jodi
Great show,great singing group.Seen it 5x on brdwy.It's such a fun time.Opus 17 is great,can't lsten 2 their music&not B happy
yeah when is it
Eating cake while on a diet is like cheating on a girl; if feels so wrong but taste soo good !
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
Leaders know that mistakes are how we learn, grow and improve. They are the catalyst for doing things differently
is the only person in the world to get a root canal and then immediately go play tennis.
Tweeting statements that seems like your questioning someone yet you answer yourself
found Steve and the booth
I thought that was what you were referring to! :)
just to Mexico but it's so weird cuz things keep happening to them, bad things
Watchin Hannah Montana The Movie I Swear I Love This Movie Tho
Sitting on a couch with my sister, I love her :)
This came out of no where. We are fixing things and promised. I promised. I'm keeping it no matter what.
Does anyone have any suggestions for new combinations of fragrances that are just knocking your socks off?
Same gangstas same ol scene
Grr, our server just took a dive. Not happy.
So..A casual lil trip to the Brooklyn Flea turned into a big purchase, me carrying a couch up 3 flights & missin the 1st half of the game.
Happy early birthday!! :)
the burghs got talent!
?! RT : The GE security staff isn't afraid to push a reporter who attempts a second effort at questioning Immelt.
Saddened to learn of the passing of Chuck Workman.
If you go out with a plastic bag on your head, then you know it's real
Why you mad?
That's because they are the reason the show hasn't been great this season and wasn't picked up for a full final season!
Shot a guy for stealing a car. We didn't really want to at first, but then we figured a car is worth way more than a human life.
I hate when people talk super LOUD when ya'll in the same room O_o
If I was him, I would buy shit else with his name on it.. RNS
So im in dennys and the waitress is walking us to our table and this little girl says "mama shes pretty" ohh little kids :)
The ladies are back and that means... NEW handbags, scarves, sunglasses and much more!!!! In-Store tomorrow, doors open at 11:00am.
I didn't think it would actually happen but my promotion actually came through. I am now officially a Systems Librarian!
the proposal is on...and Ryan Reynolds is looking sexy.
He getting his money weather he lose or not
no but i think hes cute hahaha espesially in the hunger games
lol 5 am I need an alarm clock to get up. Cause I never get up that early. I'm not that much of an early bird :P
STEP OFF!
Judith Ortiz Cofer kept the crowd at our keynote session spellbound, and at times in stitches. What a fabulous opening.
I still admire you. :p
don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart.
Yea...I'm catching on...had to look up a lot of shit on google bout how to do shit....lol I'm slow
Love her saying the word 'boobs'.
haha that's true!
Specyphi tonight don't Miss this J&B'S Mt Carmel CD release party come on out
wait...you're making me and dinner?
#community - I use comparisons to Hitler to win arguments on the internet at the drop of a hat. I know nothing about wine.
m,, chinese food ,
I just wanna read the minds of the people, who look at me
At the hotel breakfast, guy told me his sister was "high full lutin" because she says Vase and not vase
damn shame I was about myself
Going to look...when approximately is it from?
make your hearts UP!
Is there a dislike button in twitter?
I'm comin up to manhattan Friday night! I better see you!
I really value his sensitivity. Especially re: women's issues. /CC:
Siwani's a suck up hahaha
omg I know. You wrote we were supposed to hang out before you leave Nashville! :(
I really really need a new place to live. The power is now going out like every fucking day.
lol dont send me hearts :x
the rainbow colored and says RCS
Who else is ready for Ufc in fox this weekend? Huge weekend for
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday! "Play Hard or Go Home"
Hot cross puns for Easter. :)
heck no. Teachers should always improve their own skills to be effective in teaching deaf kids esp signing.
Anyone need new Beats by Dre.? Solo, black available for $170 ($10 less than list price) tweet me. NEW IN BOX w/ Everything. Thx
thanks Jen!! You are the sweetest!
June 22 come quick!!!!
YES RT : Weekend Mode: [ON]
Dont say one thing then mean another .
Loving this 'Songs of Restoration' album. I have it on repeat. Good work Lewis & .. Ministering to me so much.
God Morning! I like this overuse of letters. Makes Tuesday so much more exciting! Have a super day!
Eating a brownie before, makes every activity better.
Happy Birthday! thug!!?!?
Whatever you may feel to be your destiny in life, remember this....."You Don't Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great"
your not matching today
Back at post again (:
They also have very short memories.
Avoided the rain, got a tan, and is off to celebrate Jon's birthday..... What a grand day!
#FF to because is the best Jasminator in the world <3
I got your coconut roundies right here biotch
A man, 74, has been found dead in his yard in Santa Fe. His death is being called "gruesome," and a pit bull is being held in connection.
Threw a BONES giftcard on stage tonight, hope or picked it up! Xo
“: Put a pic up of your mom as your AVI for mothers day so we can roast her” -- that's fcked up
Got a show today shooting two vids studio time mothers day Nika f time alotta shit to do
Cloudy and cold today in #PDX and I have lost my summer tan. BooHoo
I love the Cee-lo "Fuck you" song too! (if that's what ure talking about...Forget You is the radio friendly version haha)
when are the one direction contests this weekend?
Nothing hurts worse than the fact that I am missing my boyfriends senior night 😢
the average life span for an RB is 5 yrs. the way he runs he will be lucky to make it to 10yrs
...but this did not indicate more liberal social views. Gillmer examines 2 cases showing how property & inheritance laws used instead
Nope. This is an up an coming band playing at a rock bar in GB. Not a huge venue.
he's a dushe for doing that if that is true and he wont get anywhere in life. Just keep your head up <333
G'morning! Gearing up for Dinner Date for Eight at #Eatonville. Only $10 to meet and have dinner with a great group of people!
Software that isn't custom or customizable is on it's way out.
Successfully completed my first week of Baron Baptiste's 40 Day program. :-)
Show me the way, little Greg photo.
it was great to meet you too! Hopefully we'll meet again Soon.
You HAVE to see Titanic and The Blind Side at least...
rather have a hard throwin lefty than wolf or narvie ugh none on horizon tho
Why is Trent Dilfer considered an authority on QB play when he sucked donkey balls as a player?
It's easier to be a cynic.
Great time today at the 13.1 Marathon training run! Thanks to everyone who ran with us
well ignore the text i sent you, i have reports to do
wait do they?!
Nice to see all 12 people showed up to watch 's Bills play Tebow today
That's right , we're still here. :)
Just followed a bunch of people. Trying to get more followers on here!!
I don't need to lie. But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover.
Looking for a job in communications, government affairs, advocacy. Special interest in housing.
they went great ! I really enjoyed them. thanks for asking!
Haha dont worry we got RAD new stuff in the works! RT : I feel like I need something from that isn't black
just Sayn love your new shows. Fan from new Orleans
Wow at the play Uggla just made to make a double play. Well, Kemp was safe...still
I'm in app heaven!
Yes. My main point with the post was 1. Studies can say anything you want them to and 2. Pg moms don't need more stress.
If you have actual hog warts, we can't be in a relationship, no ifs, ands, or buts
Aw...Mahalo! We're honored to be a part of such a great community! #LuckyWeLiveKauai & Mahalo to you as well!
I wish life was like Monopoly... Collect $200 everytime you pass GO!! ;-)
Do you come to #Vegas to party or gamble?
#WhenIGetBored I sleep
Getting sh*t done without congress, what a novel concept! from
Lol well I never lost to Berea. But I couldn't believe I still had it.
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me <3
way to support the MKE! Making the nation luv ya more!
Ugh! Decisions! I'm having a hard time figuring out what to wear for the drive-thru
School should always be this empty..Better yet, why is graduation so far?
Jesus is my prozac!
Tonight going to the Eldorado - Can't wait!
I hope you have a wonderful night! Love you xoxo
Holy crap. I can't even.
hm about to call out all our #fashion bloggers to an outfit challenge!
have to say it again....jon stewart is the voice of reason in our country
You will visit today and to reveal Steyner Of ranch leuc Austin houses and golf the policy of security Steyner Of ranch :-)
I'm in. Buy my ticket? RT : I need to go to Aruba. Who will come along?
Finally taking the time to connect with all of the #blogs and #bloggers I love to hear from
ha! way to be aggressive! i know i'm in good hands!!
Good Luck with interview.
man city can't be mad. They time wasted for 135 min of this tie
"Of Monsters and Men" adding to productivity of today (if not familiar, think Mumford & Sons meets Edward Sharpe meets Arcade Fire)
Fun fact about Saint Basil's Cathedral, it was originally called: "Cathedral of the Intercession of the Virgin by the Moat"
"Jesus rose from the dead! Let's eat tacos!l
Hmm...how is #PIPA a job creator?
hmm how come my drawing hasnt taken over for your default picture..........camon.
There are way too many things wrong with that. Lol.
this is just not right!!! the Globes are taking place @ 6 miles from me, yet we don't get them live here!!! Why is that???
Drake - So Far Gone >>
RT : Using moisturizers in your 20s & 30s will give you some of the protection you need to keep skin from prematurely aging
Goin on 2hrs of sleep..today will be a long day!
85lb me just maneuvered a 15ft Budget rental truck through Manhattan during rush hour. I need a high five. And a drink.
I've got a bet with my husband - how much does it cost to open the roof? Heard it on a park your but can't remember.
Ever seen some really bad plastic surgery results? That's kind of what your home is headed for if you hire the wrong contractor.
Hey Emm sorry for the late reply.. where are you from I can tell you the closest venue to see Shawn, and Cody together
😁 ->> and you don't have an iPhone. So you won't see that. Fail.
put up pictures! I just realized how much we've accomplished and how far we've come in a year!
Friday the 13th .... already my day out bad-__- #friendproblemos~
me and Katie are on the same account imma get off tho.its tray ok Katie u can talk now
so proud of her. Can't wait to watch.
so i havent tweeted you in FOREVER.. so i miss it. SO I LOVE YOU AND I THINK YOU SHOULD FAVORITE THIS TWEET HOMIEE (: <3
My nickname is Dame, so the D4M3 was the natural Star Wars version.
The Sitter is On Demand...didn't even know it came out in theaters...
Surprised by #TheGrey & #TheGirlWithTheDragonTattoo remake today. Both were damn good - especially TGWTDT.
that's almost as bas as ppl that graduated in 04 and still have hs football pics as their default.
hope hasn't forgotten our one deal that was swore to life we wouldn't do..
Perfect Spring weather to get outside. Enjoy Italian dining at its finest: al fresco! Drinks, appetizers & bocce ball...and bring your dog!
SAMOSA SNACK TIME > potato chip snack time!!!
I'm doing it right now.
we still gon win the series
gorge, but standing weird.
Time to be productive
We greatly appreciate the comment and will definitely use it to become a more awesome company. And who doesn't like awesome? :)
Now Maynard's out bowled for a duck. Surrey are in disafuckingray at 5/32
Miss this. RT : Getting drunk to interview people for the OC!
It has been 5 minutes since your last prototyping injury.
RT : Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
so listen to me sing, he wanna #3 supaa size onion riiiingggggg...
was it a 500 lb man? Sweet Jesus.
I'm glad you enjoy! I'm going to be amping it up a little more. You should call into any of my shows when I'm live!
Awesome! Where did they play?
Enjoy. Let me know if you need recommendations on where to eat and things to do
Thriving Ivory!
#DemonicDerek Is it time for new Victims Yet????
send me an ice cold bourbon and consider it done. #woodford only please
Things are great! Just booked my June trip to LA. Life is good.
NEW YEAR! NEW SALE! 50% off select TIGI make-up, Including lipsticks + eye shadows. Come in quick before they're all gone!
Cavs defense got more holes than Swiss cheese right now let's pick it up!
Today was spent learning about some of the amazing work we do around the world with just 1% of the budget. Just 1%. That's pretty cool.
Number one use of my phone: playing Temple Run on the can....
Can't move
haha the Kevin Smith one cracked me up!
Im suprised I was able to wake up this morning
Back to work!!!!
I know lol Im joking. I just like pissing off Laker haters.
I think Todd Jansen is playing in the US Open today...I wonder if Hunter Mahan is going to be the clubhouse mgr for the Chasos
hialeah's HEAT <<<<
Enya is awesome. Sail Away. Sail Away..
Did not see #hungergames yet! Don't spoil it, Twitter!
Nope, I refuse to believe it! At least NY has the best apples.
the crinn tonight
My wife loves it too-we just got it framed today to hang in our living room.
Thank you for the #christmas present
Omg me too I hate it
how long are you in Dallas for?
yeah....being that bellachek is the devil doesnt suprise me that it gets hot in hell. Jk
CEO Elisabeth Mason told a Chicago audience today how Single Stop uses BEN to boost education. Who's BEN? Hint: not a who, but a what...
If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics
A huge Austin welcome to everyone attending #asc12. So glad y'all are here this week. Have a fantastic time!
That's what I was saying!!! Omgsh I'm so excited for you hahaha.
Hi #Twitter Support. Can you look into ? It was suspended for no reason. Thanks for the help! --Ally
its snowing in douglasville now...
ya what do I gotta do. be the right caller? I can do that...lol
Looking fresh - nice threads, Wayne. Where do you find your handsome suits?
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
parents that don't give a fuck
Getting ready to head to Lexington....home of the 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball National Champion Kentucky Wildcats!
Love it when you talk that talk to me! 💜
Google Chrome! I am getting really close to dumping you! Your Shockwave plug-in crashes every half hour now...
lmao jay jay stressing me out with her tweets lbs she cutting up
So , don't let Selectmen go into Exec Session just to hide from unpopular debate. Town counsel is pushing for public debate
Happy New Year from
and his #boyfriend is out on itunes lololo sorry just had to it!
that looks cool! :3
haha, you lucky! I was tryna talk my mom into lettin me stay home, but she said no. >_<
At the Metro State University of Denver name change ceremony with Gov John Hickenlooper
We were discussing the similarities of them and Ministry.
im so exited to move hopefully we move closer love you!!!!!
“ I couldn't agree less.” there goes kevin disagreeing with my humor yet again :-)
": *in my griertown voice Omw to Mac bonies"im at the basement
Be ICONic<3
I did that earlier this week and I can't figure it out dawg lol
"You are now a can of chili. kthxbai." (#dareproject chatter)
Splashing water in your face like they do in commercials, & ending up looking like you just came out from the shower.
Somewhere my grandmother is shaking her fist bc JLo is wearing white before memorial day AND showing her arms
Enjoy the picinic tables and rocking chairs outside while the goins good. JC
When you are out tonight, look up! The moon will appear bigger and brighter than usual!
Not only a good job with trucks, they have a nice integrated social media campaign too. Many museums should be so lucky.
Let's go Os!
He leadeth we beside still waters
Most def. I've been eyeing his page to see if he's coming to Chicago or Milwaukee so we can go.
The music is like my blood flow
Well the Strip Club Song is finish. I just gotta mix it up. Also, I did the hook for that concept called I'ma need that there. "Lope"
Thanks guys! Hope to see ya soon! Happy Mothers Day!
Loving the new podcast with Guilty Pleasures - free on iTunes. High Five for Jensen Ackles and Supernatural, MM!
I am reading "Back in the Habit" by Alice Loweecey on this
Nimbus Data says the driving force for NAS and SAN was manageability, not performance...
#FF Scarf Dancing is back tonight at 7:30. It's not what you think it is.
Better than "Very *NOT* Merry Christmas to all my Jewish friends!", etc. :)
| Happy Friday! Thanks for the shout outs!
It's a #natural thing to offer my help.
love how tomorrow is my last friday of high school and im only staying til 3rd period :)
I don't friken understand stupid people. Why can't they all just die ?
Happy PI day ABQ!!
Installing wine glass racks bought 4 yrs ago and that have just been collecting dust. What a waste!
yeah that pass at end killed them. They had all momentum plus being up 10 they should have sealed it shut earlier.
Connecting with old friends!
Thanks for the RT. Hope you're living it up this weekend.
RT : I'm at #12ntc with You should be here. should be here. Next year? - See you next year!
the world would be a much better place if more conversations had #Zune awesomeness in them.
Dad and I are both sitting on our smart phones at dinner
your love is on in a millionn ; it goes on & on <3
Have fun on your skii trip. Be safe :)
all ya gotsta do is think about chachi and watch her youtube videos <3
Not all exercises can adapt from F2F to online, but with creativity you can blend them together in the same session!
Yeah! That totally seems like a good fit for you! Can you not leave VT?
Thanks! I look forward to reading your blog, too!
congrats on the win win gobble gobble!
loopt's spam thing is lame/scary, but that doesn't mean it's not not compelling in other ways. if i had an iphone, i'd use it.
There are sixteen $25 FREE Gift Cards left for today. See post below
Honored to win the Community Service award at the Buckinghams tonight. Wasn't for me though, it was clearly
Hey!! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!
uh oh wavy hair lol
Current challenge: Discovering why a seemingly perfect IF() function returns the wrong FALSE, when it should return TRUE.
i miss the days when Dirk would make a 3. and they would give the ball to him in clutch situations
Love? Forget that. Heart breaks? I had that. Chances? I gave that. Going back? Im past that. Moved on? Believe that.
Go Houston Oilers. Haha. Colts made my night.
Spring season has started. Flies: 0, me: 3
Remember back when Jason Bay was the shit?? Lol
Studying for my AP Psychology test tomorrow. Time to get that college credit early!!
amen to that brotha
Swallow or spit, but don't let it sit!
Dog is running circles around the living room, sniffing out the open windows: we both love spring.
re: positive energy. Thx 4 the Postgres shirt a few years back. U R my hero. Plus, I like your tweets.
I had a sub the other day and her name was Mrs. Pitts. The next day one of my friends said 'what if her first name was Harry' Harry Pitts ha
this morning it was COMPLETELY THE OPPOSITE!
Batemans Bay knockout on 17/3 so get to training and improve your fitness. Trial against Kiama at Kiama on 24/3.
People should not have rush requests or problems on a Friday afternoon. Glad I got some pondering time in earlier.
hey my sexy chocolate Dani muahhhz
just got a gift. Ask her what it is.
#Lasttweet im off twitter for sunday to see the clippers because cheating ass refs was fucking cheating
Time to go home yet?!!
Today has been outstanding! Found a space to train in! Made a couple of Great contacts! Super Excited for California and FBS09!
even better!
Baby Dont Look So Mad ,
What a life i have... Y do dese hav 2 b so crzy
I love lamp ya'll!
There is something basic about protecting land by taking it off the market. People should be able to enjoy where they live while at the...
Every person who went through the struggle had "Ghetto Dreams" and I'm living it right now.
I had a talk w/an educator & the end result - I get blown off, kid gets a goose egg & nothing was resolved - wont be gettin that time back
last day for the LOGO contests at www.creativeanimalrelief.org check it out great prizes!!
Fuk u to ya dumb bitch!
My boy eddie alvarez is back!
Another day filled of looking for a job. Let's get after it. Time can only tell what the future holds for me.
me neither <3
Hahaha. Back for the Mac announcement. Twitter started to take over my life. Had to just quit cold turkey.
lol u fell nd he picked u up .! u trip a couple times but he help u up ..!
that's a night shift man for ya haha, I'm working in Rochester all week. This drive blows.
Continually impressed by the variety and quality of articles by Check 'em out folks. You'll wish you'd found them sooner.
What a beautiful Thursday in San Diego, CA! We're walking down to Seaport Village, have you been there?
u bet! you as well - all ready to roll!
Here's another! Like Sneaky Pete's page and tell about StoneAge!
#myfavoriterapperrightnow , slim shady,Marshall Mathers whatever you wanna call him, hes the best!<3 :) i love to though!
trying to get them to understand is gonna be a bitch.
RT : if you're an asshole about someone passing away, then you're probably an asshole all the time.
then they snap back into their reality and think: "Gee, it took forever to eat that bowl of apple jacks."
what little you do know is enough. the band isn't in the video, just their music. it's intentionally comedic mismatching.
I'm interviewing John Cusack at #C2E2 this weekend. I shall celebrate by walking around Chicago holding a stereo over my head.
Busy weekend...teaching a class on legal Issues for new business, Radio Show, Birthday party and dinner with the in laws.
haha ok you had me cracking up at that one!!
speaking, a founder of Rise Above Plastics - "AB1998 was killed by plastics industry. U can show them how to reverse it."
Of course I bought that shit!
i really hope the pacers win more 2nd round games than the celtics so david west can throw it in ray allen's face forever and ever and ever
I watched "Being Elmo" on Netflix. Did anyone else come away from that with a real sense of dis-ease? Or am I reading too much into it?
We made it through another week. Happy Friday! Im sharing chocolate!
#aftereffects Just made a new #animation for global power components on #vimeo any thoughts?
The question "who asks the tough questions? " is a tough question.
Do you guys want imagines? (: x
not sure if morphine is the 100% best way to go although it feels good :)
Bored might go to the y
Sth like $600 for the whole weekend but you can totally get a sponsor. I on the other hand... *sigh*
omg what if you were the one giving it that would be even better haha
man that sucks...idk if i wanna keep watching it then
I thought of you IMMEDIATELY when Erin came on. Oh the horror.
Reading this YA book & they just keep going on & on about labia surgery. Boy, these kids grow up fast, don't they?
Hey email marketer - it's not enough to just say "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the email. It actually needs to link somewhere.
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Mostly Cloudy
Deff feeling oomf...thinking twifey if she with it...
Siri get me to Raleigh Studios. Erin I don't understand High Bee Two. THIS IS WHY MACHINES WILL NEVER RULE THE HUMAN RACE
Feeling down and out 4 sum reason... Good god help me!?
I'm glad I'm not working 2/day. Wish the sun was out.
If you can get a hand full or more to request a read, it's perfect.
Oh I see but hey take some meds & just stay strong... It'll be over soon and I hope you recover quickly as well.
follow the actions or beliefs of others, individuals directly prefer to conform, or because individuals derive information from others
you're welcome! 😘
Yeah I know i'm like paranoic with this because my cousin's friend was kidnapped because she was chatting with someone
Cal. Iron Man Streak.
all cute (; <3 RT walked me to class today! :D ;p ♥33”
watching the walking dead season 1 :) I miss the walking dead :(
Sorry, did I miss something? I was using my ThighMaster ===> that shoulda come from
In honor of Elgin's activism a candlelight walk in Carson starting from Turmont and Avalon will begin at 8pm
Which book are you after? Can you email me (sasha dot cooper at wiley dot com)?
#39 The only way out is going to be mapped by those able to dream.
Llol love caken with my baby
Worked with Betty white yesterday, haven't seen her since I played her boyfriend on Momas Family 22 yrs ago...she looks great
Yup she's wearing a Sipe jersey #Browns “: I think I just saw mom doing a commercial. "What!" #Cleveland?Superbowl?”
what's for lunch?
Checking out the slasher flick Madison County via Apple TV.
I hate how social get togethers always are made around unhealthy food… isnt there anything else to do
Cute underwear really makes a difference as far as self esteem goes even if only you know you're wearing them.
ok lol just making sure!
Very nice - Cam Newton has been named PEPSI/NFL Rookie of the Week
pretty much the trend in all American stouts
I will pass on that lol. How longs that a few hours.
This. RT I miss the good old days of talking about how unprepared Tsuyoshi Nishioka was for the majors.
Hokies threaten in 7th but E. Cipolloni with a huge DP to end the inning. We're headed to extras!
I LOVE YOU<3
Good looking pencils? You found my weakness.........
ALMOST REACHED 600 FOLLOWERS!! ONLY 48 MORE FOLLOWERS!!
I'm going to watch this game on mute. So sick of hearing nothing but positive comments about the Heat/BASHING the Pacers w/ every word
Thank God! I was getting #desperate I can't wait for our hot romantic date on Valentine's Day then(-;
Good luck! I still miss serving tables sometimes, great gig if you work with great people! It will be like riding a bike.
We've reached the climax
not sure yet. Hitting Lotus of Siam in a few hours. I'm craving Thai curry.
I give myself very good advice but I very seldom follow it. - Alice
O stop it i hope everything works out RT : I miss ... he's the best boss a girl could have ... I'm so spoiled
MEMORIAL DAY IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! Get your graphic orders in by the 28th of May & receive 50% off a Pristine Empire Shirt or Hoodie
Just finished a photo shoot with York Bryan a very nice photographer
Went all the way to Fairfield via public transport. The 1.7 mile walk to Jelly Belly - great. Walk back - harder - loaded with freebies!
im in awe inside the new marlins park. i wish the Rays could defraud the city into getting one of these badboys
already have. also i wish i was an english major in college. i woulda love to read popular novels for classwork...
"Think beyond your lifetime if you want to accomplish something truly worthwhile"--Walter Elias Disney
Laid my grandma to rest today. Sucks to say but atleast she's in a better place and no longer suffering.
can't be no geek of the street, gotta be handy with the rock to earn you keep #BBN mount up!
Do you like your job? Are you ready for something new? Look no further... #Free ebook: bit.ly/vxhWIT
BF is a great forum as well, although I usually dwell in the E38 section, too many temptations.
if the project was completed successfully.. you're not a failure. You can pay... Or take friggen handyman classes or something..
go to school nigga, and text me
There is a definite possibility of me unfollowing you until exams are over. Sorry in advance.
start working with materials,change the fabrics, learn how to sew, create something fresh.
O yea wat
all you need today is a light jacket
Thank you Janet! I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend! :-)
"A beautiful ring and it looks better than the picture! There are also no visible scratches" Wilson from San Diego, California
No civil unions, domestic partnerships, designated bennie, nothing even for cohabiting heteros. Most sweeping such amndmt in US.
enough to keep me busy for long periods lol. I can't complain though, i like it.
Home from set later than expectd and still have tons to do b4 heading to Huntington Lake in the morning. Hard to focus after long day.
you see something you dont like
I hope that everyone had a happy 4th of July!
let me knw if u find a spot
Working on a Friday afternoon
thanks for the follow :-)
What was that MTV show that was about a cheesey boy band like 12 years ago?
its a beautiful day in tennessee(:
Momma Dragon I love you!
Fear no Human!!
Nobody can rain on my parade bc comes on tonight(: think I'm lieng!? Tryy me!!!!!
please follow!!!!:D
Stupid pssa 'pep rally' is boring as hell -_-
he has a weird shaped head
Someone put some pom poms in the Celtic player with the locs hands so he can be official with his bitch ass Let's get it together
Just saw City of Angels at USC! Absolutely amazing!
True, But Little Bear fine ass was on too.
that's why you laughed?? Lol
final cut nuff said!!
You're welcome ;)
I can also recommend Chester Aaron's GIDEON for YAs—story of boy who survives Warsaw Ghetto and joins resistance.
Back to some...oh yeah, MORE. 💁
Thanks for the follow!
See you at Hello-Lucky today noon to 4pm for Craftacular!!! Night peeps xo
When you aren't presenting or job searching, packing for a conference becomes way easier.
San Marcos! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
My internship has indirectly led to MANY a delicious snack or beverage (see current status)!
DM us your email and we will email out more information!
Bwahahahaha!! Yeah!! Nothin missed really? He was just running around playin. I said whats up and he kept pushin. She spoke.
absolutely. Been way too long.
Tonights rally will have about 10% of people who really want to see change, 70% who want to exploit it, and 20% who want to be on TV
is hands down the best worker in the biz.
me: "you need a can?" Dylan: "yea, grizzly mint pouches please"
wait, did you take all those pics?
Hold Fast Hangers are great even if you don't know how to fold a shirt
did you find out what time the game is??
Right Kim kilt Nicki in that song..u lil kim clone clown all nickis buffoonery shit needs stop NOW! Lol
ah congrats Beth! Sign up for & follow my wedding board :) you get great ideas on pinterest!
today is your day shouldn't you be out celebrating
aww, good to hear from you too. Let me guess, team Santorum?
March 1789 The Constitution of the United States of America goes into effect
Getting ready to meet with our Creative Council & Adopt-a-Nonprofit reps tonight! Can't believe it's our last meeting of 2011 already!
Looking for enchanting indie film starring Parker Posey? Try Broken English. A story about human experience more than being a single woman.
thanks...at least wanna be able to get through the game
Hope lee likes his "waterpipe" lol
So True.We should leave ur lifes to the fullest n make it a big time day n live life big time ?u to b happy?
"A leader is a dealer in hope." ~Napoleon Bonaparte
Must be talking about Windows shops
Recycled material - disappointing. Tom is here for the #adelaidefringe can't wait to see him!
Thanks to new followers. . Have a great evening and a happy halloween.
Except around Halloween, and only if it's used by someone in a ghost costume.
Looking into emergent design and finding Robocode-ah what a great intro to Java. I did not end it thinking about how modular the code was...
if he's not rapping about money, girls, clothes etc. what is he rapping about?
Must have been inspiring for them to see former Badger 's locker. Looks like you just missed him.
Correspondence, client ms, contracts, process monies
Dear fake Dave Grohl . . . do you know that song, "Ain't Nothin' Like the Real Thing? Well, its true.
Matt, your new avatar is confusing me, lol. :)
I need yet another social media addiction, right? ;)
Excited to be at the 1st annual Tech & Analytics Conference with colleagues...analyzing Twitter for public opinion & more
did u get to peep playa?
where can you find it:( im so freaking emotional right now and I don't break easily
So many couples on the beach
Great day at the track til we hit 16000 rpm. Went south from there
I never slapped you I high fived your face :3
Yep, same mindset here. Hah
Love doesnt stand for Legs Open Very Easy!
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy. Hour!!!!!!!!!!
And we'll rise up our glasses against evil forces singin' "Whiskey for my men & Beer for my horses"
RT : Fantastic dinner yesterday evening with with a few executives, Amr and Doug, Thank you Amber, we loved it
After reading a ton of articles on Fireworks yesterday/today, I have no idea what to use anymore. Illustrator? PS? Fireworks? And when!? :'(
So glad and Khloe came to visit me! Love you guys
"Do You Love Me" by
hold on Hold On HOLD ON!....I DO NOT creep, boo boo...THEY come to me, I just have to make myself visible, thanks LOL
I'm worrie about has any one seen her!?
Anyone interested in doing a low-tech music video for barter? Stills w/ style, hip but homegrown. Can offer voice lessons, psychic reading..
wow they playing videos on MTV what a surprise
Thanks to some my followers!
Thanks you are so nice by the way you actually seen chloe good for you she is a nice girl but whats up with you.
Hi Steve, how was your week?
Too cool! , CMO, speaking
The carpet on the 2nd & 3rd stairs has been fixed. Normal traffic resumes!
Happy birthday, friend!!
nothing girl!
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
EOC time in normal classes = song writing...that's what's up.
You know who also has an ugly ass face? Justin Bieber. Wait, didn't he just LOSE AN AWARD TO BRUNO MARS? I think so. ;)
let's all become a corporation and go to law school as "a person."
so so sad dude
#CapeCoral, If you feel as though you are being mistreated at work, call the Law Office of Geralyn Noonan!
Shout out to D Wade for the foul..
Why can't. Just like me for me? I wanna Be like Romeo and Juliet. You don't care what others say. All you care about is us.
In hand ~ 'after-party pass' to Heaton Festival / Manchester, UK; (Ruby Lounge); fellow merry-makers: Stone Roses/Vaccines :)
What? Where? Take me with you next time...
josh & kelsey from are gonna be on stickam tonight! 8pm central, that 6pm for all you west coasters ;D be there<333
Every time we got back on our bikes yelled 'ruff ryders mount up!' hahahaha then we all sang dmx.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Best news ever, or what? Right?! We're thrilled :) RT : that is awesome! Cant wait
For short life cycle products, better sales force product trng creates faster effectiveness ramp-up; adding revenue otherwise lost forever.
Autumn Rowe is back in LA
More importantly: Where do you get a candle that requires screws and batteries?
"bucks no where close to me" Huh!?!? The DD cup was confusing enuff.
Make sure you report for his campaign #spam on twitter today
unless it's followed by "MUCH LIKE THE GRIM SPECTER OF DEATH WILL SWEEP OVER US ALL SOMEDAY"
Loudly singing to the radio!
#scrapplenation is a great hashtag too, because if you think about it... #scrapple is a metaphor for the united states! ;-)
: My #English569 is pleased to welcome Deb Kuzawa to #OSUMarion. She's collecting LNs from adult female/trans students today.
All this cos they're playing a bowling alley?
This boat sucks haha. "Cause when you try hard, is when you die hard."
Did the gentleman in the elevator just ask if lingerie was on the 5th floor?
Pacers win?! Weird.
I'm an Oriole fan, but also a Baseball fan. Sometimes you just gotta tip your cap.
facebook is dead . i wanna see how many followers come to twitter xD get it ? haha
"This is education's Internet moment." -
absolutely! No fault in speaking truth.
Lol! That's ok, accidents do happen :)
that needs fixing;)
Holy avi, Ana!
The girls over at Simply Bloom
Are there any good t-shirts on the market? There should be.
Watching #mystrangeaddiction ... quite an interesting show.
What's more attractive then a silk shirt with a Looney Tunes tie? The answer, my friends, is nothing.
mhm obviously :) I have not see you in forever.. come visit me and ang... not Andrew
Each chapter in 's *How to Do Things with Videogames* really is a (well-written) essay.
RT - I know when my Cleveland Indians get back to the World Series and have a chance to close it out I WILL be there to...
oh ya, i dumped streaming when they changed the structure, haven't missed that at all.
you guys should make an app...I would definitely download it :D
: Social Media Club Hawaii (SMCHI) is having an event on timesaving tools on May 14, interested in Skyping in for a demo?
I believe I have a shit ton at my house. hahah Jacob does. c:
I can't read my book cause everyone is screaming about the HEAT game, stfu before I unplug the t.v they suck anyways!
We are sponsoring the 2012 Emmy Awards Gala on June 9th here in Atlanta. Looking for 3 hostesses to work the event. Tweet us if interested!
What's on the fitness agenda today friends?! I'm thinking yoga. Want to try an at home version. Anyone have a fave YouTube or tv one?
no, they just kept mentioning that it was his first show in a while so they wanted us pumped!
But yes, let's talk Dojo! Want to roll out plans to get it going-- maybe we can come up w/ a skeleton plan :)
Jason or nick or mike
Waiting for a specific person to text me. Tweets keep psychin' me out.
My friend Tony has a great studio and is offering 5 FREE hours of recording time. Pass this contest link on to your musical friends....
let me know if that's a good movie, I want to see it!
Sharing stage w/ Dead Relatives and Heart Like Fire! Cruise by the Epicentre today We're up first so cruise early.
": Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)"
RT : Looking forward to being part of New Pros Night!
bring hot friends for u and her next time
DAUGHTERS !!! YES!!! That was the song I Was looking for !!! I've been wanting to know the name for a long time ! Thanks Cody
Keeping our members who live in the storm affected areas in our thoughts and prayers and wishing them all well.
#BOYFRIENDonITUNES i wanna see it!!!!! post it!!!!:)
-- rather, they enable most of my system to be sufficed by multiple vendors. And I can deliberately isolate aspects of vendors.
I just clicked "Learn More" and got ... mailto:. Ugh.
Rihanna in Poland! I can not wait to see the concert!
Pajama day tomorrow...
oh jeez I thought so! Happy birthday girl
Thanks for the RT !
Just listened to tell some funny/inspiring stories!
The Airport and Hospital body scanners should be combined. Good news no bomb in your pocket and that mole is nothing to worry about.
is so sexy he grew up and got sexy i love his voice and he can sing
If one asked us to define #CrossFit Community in two words, our response would be: Peter Egyed
I only want to know 1 thing from city/ at this point, what properties are we paying ground rent on & why
New tweet goal to tweet 5 times a day.
i love being the underdog makes me enjoy the game that much MORE..
Happy Phat Tuesday! Just acknowledging all the hungry supporters that OC fair is going on!!!
Happy Weekend everyone!! Looking forward to spending some quality time with my Dad today. :)
Bummer. My book, The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face, is officially in the bargain bin on Amazon.com. Boo! Buy it now! Ha
you are such a cutie. follow me? :)
Think I twisted my ankle...
“: City Engine 7 carrying FF Daniel Sweeney arrives at St. Cecilia.”
Hey stranger! So great to see your face on GCB!! Miss you and hope life's treating you well!
It's the worst feeling ever when the snack bar runs out of parfaits :(
loved your insights and the way you delivered them at #DBC2012. Can't wait to see what is pouring next year.
go lady go! 26 hours and 22 min!
Tough 8 miles this morning only 14 hours after last night's hill workout. What was I thinking..
I believe that mosquietos are vampires-in-training.
Chinese food...
We have a deal coming up soon that wine connoisseurs will appreciate. What's your favorite screw top wine?
Jeter had that
and the strange thing is I failed GCSE English first time around
Dan Wheldon earned the name legend in so many ways... unfortunately, one too many today. RIP Dan. You will be missed! :(
Mkaay , My Dads Pissinn Me Off... GO HOME , Always Talkinng Sh*t About Vegas Peoplee !
why kind of spree?? Because if it involves following me, I will be very happy:)<3
the leftovers was better than the main course, bitch .
will I see u tonight at #DomesticDisobedience? It's here!
Why is everyone so lazy nowadays??? Whatever happened to being proactive?? Working hard?? I need 2 find some hard workers 2 compete with...
There's no way it's 77 degrees outside.
hooters wings for dinner!!! :D
Its 1:00 and familly just left home to ireland.
The difference between the #ideology of most "#conservatives" today & that of liberals is ideology of #liberals emphasizes
*looks down* yeah.
Can't tweet about the Madness of Michelle Bachmann event because of the madness of the Michele Bachmann event!
We appreciate that post on thanks for the support!
Over the years as a wife and mother, she felt like she had lost herself and didn't know who she was anymore
i am soo sorry again..i feel horrible.
Are these for the Spring game on Sunday?
U.S history EOC is over with!
As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow. He could be plotting something.
Follow us back we carry Lavie in our store
knoxville! How've you been dude?
Being drunk and lost sucks. I was looking for my hotel room for 3 hours lol
The first of December was cloudy and cold, and so was the turnpike from Stockbridge to Boston. Hello month #12. Take us on home.
Okay… : Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in #NY might just get what you asking for! #sorrykidz”
I have direct tv so the channels are different I can't find shit to watch lol even tho I have a zillion channels
thanks for the mention - Happy #WW!
I'm never gonna fucking graduate am I
hahaha! That actually sounds yummy twitpics please
catcher is where we use to hide THAT woman...the 1 who had never seen a softball, let alone play...
Love the Kelly Hrudey shoutout by Emrick. My first ever favorite player growing up.
so yu make yourself look scary lmao
“: Listen carefully in silence and stillness You will find the music of your heart #thoughtsoftheheart” Absolutely beautiful.
followed & please LIKE the links. :)<3
I been good just living dealing with my crazy ass boyfriend out here lol. How have you and your girl been? Where my video?
Facebook is like a fridge.. Even when when u know there's nothing new going on, u still go on and check it every 10 minutes.. ;P
☼ It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I apologize i saved you zero bratwurst. Therefore, I am a less than adequate friend and co-worker. I hope one day you will forgive
Teak Sake Lounge! New years! Doors Open @ 8:00,NoCover,Free Sushi apps, All bottles are $100 with complimentary bottle of champagne!
A toast to Camille Cruz! Thank you so much for helping out!
Super-great afternoon. Found a 9 year old dvd from the archives and came through for a client. Can't believe it still plays!
always girl! Making that bank or sleeping if I'm not lol
Wow. No mood.
Who the hell is that obnoxious fan who thinks hes a coach? Sit your ass down
Pay-per-view of Sagan vs Cav head to head?
Not too late to add a VIP Tour to your trip. More fun and less waiting. Click www.eartothere.com to find out more!
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
The Tri-City Americans just beat the Spokane Chiefs 2-1 in game three of the Western Conference semifinals.
and my name not no damn Treyshara it's thickness to yu! Oh and why tf the golden girls on Lolz
people always say "follow your heart" but its the piece of u that always gets stepped on...........
Celebrate the Civil War in song with the Washington Symphonic Brass, Fall 2011 Don't Miss This!
If ur interested in Jackson 20, The Grille or BRABO let us know and we'll get you in touch with right person to chat further!
Enough is enough!!! Sell the team and move it somewhere!
This conversation I'm having with tho.. I'm only half midget. 😂
Wasn't that a heckuva match?
The Silk Tie likes Dave! No tie in your profile pic? We can help, thesilktie.com
Love you kelly, xoxoxo
Okay. Let's just be a little bitch && hang up on Cassandra.
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 3"- Natural dark deep brown tones -Exceptionally durable. In-stock now!
Clearly Rick's not a chess player. Pawns are worthless!
Just finished up a 3 hour rehearsal with Crooked and it seemed like 30 minutes.
It's good that Hastings acknowledges the film school types now. His "chief content officer" said a few weeks ago that DVDs
Spread the word, college journalists from across US have the floor in today's #ASNEchat, I'm hosting and hope you'll join. 11 Pac/2 ET
Just saw a softball score from tonight. Waterloo 49, New Glarus 0. Is this real?
All of my exes are stupid ignorant pieces of shit ( :
Oh man.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I should have stayed at Tahquitz.. I would have at least followed through with my sports.. smh classes here are easy tho
RT : Nothing will ever get me to return my library books on time (and Im a librarian)
... by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be dose-dependent. Treatment should therefore consist of discontinuing ..
you can do it Betsy!!!! I'm making more of an effort to workout because of you & reading what you're doing :)
oh i see. is your data public? if so, it'd be good to see the irregularities you have to deal with. thx
Off to Clatter & Din for some ADR..
"When im wit her its only bout tha SEX"
FUCK THE RECESSION, THE WORLD NEEDS A BLESSING! #TeamObama RT
RT : Kathy Nickolaus is the #5 trending topic in the entire god damn United States.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
great photo! more information please.. where was it taken? what is the story behind it?
Shoot time to get up already. But my body doesn't want to...
Centaurus up 13-2 at the half. Four Warriors have 4 goals.
IM HIGHER DEN UH RESEARCH MONKEY!!!!!!!!..
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Where is my LIBRA MAN???? LOL! #Imissmesumu!!!
#Theweird Face one makes when taking a morning stretch.......
Everyone follow then click the link on his bio and chalk out his band! #Break!TheSilence
The #royalwedding has restored by faith in love and loyalty (sigh)...can't wait to attend British watching party after work!
Oh god.
How u gon be happy bout $200
A lovely wednesday night watching TV....just relaxing ah!!!!!
Not even going to touch that reply.
hi sexy
. My passion is connecting learners with learning & w/ each other. Love when learners find info on how to make job easier.
Uh oh...what abt the coach? U may want 2 speak w/ur athletic director or dr. Burnim Mac
i used to watch paranormal state and ghost hunters, but i just like GAC a lot better bc they actually find stuff! ha
thx bro. We need to get up soon
I know it's bullshit!!!!!
I'm not downloading that app until they #RenewRinger ..
There's a door in the corner at the other end of the room from Ian, just past my room. Thru there & straight ahead are Phil's birds
ALL THE WAY! #phenomenal #number1 Just like last season!!!
How do you not <3 ?
Started quite a discussion on FB, what's your take? What's cheaper: outing out at restaurants or buying food and eating in?
you should be trick!
Get rid of these BUMs. They are not making sense
I think i'll get my eyebrows threaded instead
Want the latest headlines and behind-the-scenes updates from the campaign? Then follow the new
Girls ignore nice guys, Chase assholes, Then have the nerve to complain about it....
seriously want a vacation !
Ran in the rain today ☺
Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband! Fight #Pancreatic Cancer!
A little late Keuring Coffee move keeps #TheBigCheeShow work going into the night...
Now you're talking! But wouldn't go for that.
WAIT. points aren't weighted to the later rounds? who set up this pool anyway?
Congrats! Where?
never heard of that but the1 I use is the andis80345 which works well and costs abt $22...can't help with the hair though :/
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me Cause if I was him I would have married Kate & Ashley
bahhhhhhhhhhhahaha. i missed
Serves him right...as Vince would say, "SHAME, SHAME!"
my throat is killing me. yuuuckkk.
Pleasure to enjoy some with you and ;)
wait who is #KendrickLamar!?
for real i would've been outta there: it's a plane FULL of parachutes!
I wish. I had to rip my DVDs.
hell f*ckin yeah!
Have a Blast in Vegas!! Hope I can take ur Class Some Dayy IaMmE!!
Grubbing at the
In Venezuela there were 10.4 million internet users in March 2011. More than 8 million use Facebook and 2.3 million are on Twitter.
#AGirlJustWants Someone Who Will Be Honest With Them && Never Turn Their Back On Them.
Preparing for a callback! :-)
hey remember when you said you cant dance? yeah you are a FUCKING SEXY ASS dancer now. you should dance more often.
#Loser - The People don't want someone with a record of lies, leadership failures and corporate puppetry
Tressel on campus at Akron, still sporting sweater vest - Columbus Business First
lesson of the day: if you wait until you feel like doing something you'll never accomplish it. just do what you gotta do, to get stuff done!
i got so excited when I saw them I nearly ran up the curb. :)
Someone sabotaged my roller blades! Flailing all over the place...who took off the brakes?! :-)
Just took a moment to answer my first #stackoverflow question in 5+ months. A little scared of catching that bug again.
congratulations! Keep up the good work lil mama
- I would do the same if I could fail. Keep throwing myself out there and grab as many opportunities as possible!
"Awareness is a refuge;awareness of changes in attitudes,moods, materials & emotions.Stay w/ that b/c it is a refuge that is indestructible"
Consol crowd sucks.
I love Hurley and Sawyer
Please remember me
Tonight’s performance is by our favorites, the wonderful 19th Street Band! What is your favorite song they play?
a pair from someone to save yourself money.
something like that haha
It's what I'm here for to make corrections on USA Women's Soccer moments that happened when Coolio was No. 1 on the charts.
we're probably driving side by side on NYS Thruway. Of course this is a rest stop tweet:) before the Tap
And its about to be a documentary.. if that doesn't say old.. then idk what does...
Rumors of my slumping demise have been greatly exaggerated.
#RunsHandOver arms and back And neck
I can talk to anyone else, but I know you'll be the one who actually cares. Well. The old you.
We should run on the values that we're proud of and if we can do that, we can elect Baldwin and Obama this fall.
Millions of $$ are spent on political #consultants & #communication coaches in hope of imparting to their chosen candidate(s) an extra edge
nobody knows your mom like you do take your time..u r not required to do anything at all.just her god n u like u n she know u2b
1 of best panels ever on 2nite. Nice take on '12 session. Excellent work
don't eat Oreos. The creeme is one molecule away from being plastic.
uh, Skypecall? For G+Hangout, you're on your own;-)
Interested in LA's artists from 60's? On Friday Hunter Drohojowska-Philp reads from her "Rebels In Paradise" at Vroman's. Many cool tales.
RT : Does anyone remember paper? It's like a Mac but you have to cut down a tree -
I am so happy for myself I can fit one of Bethany's shirts!!
Idea: "DNC" list for students recorded as having debt. So.... in NYUs case, pretty much everyone.
call me big mama
their dreams come true. You can check out one part of my dream, and let me know what you think. Thanks in advance! :) Have a good one!!
should I kill a man for wounding me, and a young man for harming me?
What's really funny is the NC vote is somehow Obama's fault, not the crazy LCR brethren in the NC legislature.
STAUPPPP TRAUMATIZING ME.. WHO AM I CAN YOU GUESS? ITS A REALLY EASY QUESTION! BUT STOP FAVOURITING EVERYTHING!
#FamousLies : You have nothing to worry about. Call me if there's anything you need. Whatever I can do to help. Everything is just fine.
im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester
#StarBucks is gonna sell beer and wine! Whats gonna b cheaper: the electric buzz from coffee or the mellow buzz from alcohol?
There are going to be some sweet racing going on this weekend with some of our friends...details soon!
My birthday is may 7 th so close
": 2 hours movie, 40 second sex scene...guess which part your parents walk in on?"
that'd be greater me know when you and Leila are in town! We can meet at
Wow how does that happen? What camera?
Thanks! I'm trying. Big Time is helping. ^__^
thank you so much :)
Cool. Hope you like it!
I'm about 1 hr from there, but will be driving thru Thurs eve. Whatcha doing in NH? Avail 4 dinner/drink?
The Center for the Study of Los Angeles has released a poll on Measure R in advance of Mayor 's State of the City speech ...
fan of your amazing tweets(: & no i've watched them since ABDC & was a fan but I'm more of a fan now (:
I would like to introduce you to - which is all about "Twilight"
P.P.S. Methinks she dost protest too much...
Homemade 3 cheese macaroni? Don't mind if I do!
easily the dirty chisox for me! But I grew up trying to catch the Indians on 's broadcasts.
Exhibiting artist is at the PRC for portfolio reviews today! Tomorrow she will be back for an artist talk & reception at 5:30
“: #FancyFridays at THINK TANK is about to hit cruise control. #itsAparty. -RAAAAH
Will be raising my rates for article writing, effective 9/15. So is you want good content for $10 an article, act now -
thank you, thank you! big hugz
grab me a water bro
ah, what's wrong?!
Good choice! RT With their first pick in the 2012 draft, I think the #Patriots will draft
aah i wish i could go! can't wait until the next time he comes back to chicago! :)
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza I am hijo of parents American and Mexico
I was invited to leave the interagency Emergency Ops Center at Santa Fe Natl Guard armory... (NO press!)
You get mad at me for liking tbh statues..... I dot get mad at you for tiny chatting with other guys.....
I spent 1 hour and 40 minutes bicycling. 1,274 calories burned.
I want to write a poem about Real Housewives of Atlanta.
. We're so excited to be attending #IRA2012 and speaking to others about #ZillyDilly!
Your strengths justify your relevance.. Your flaws justify.. You
Rick Ross Signs Omarion to MMG! Reveals &quot;God Forgives, I Don&#39;t ...
How can a business dispose of computer hardware in an environmentally safe way? (10-15 pc's and peripherals)
Just tapped Two Beers Evo IPA.
Not going to lie One Direction was really good
Great! Running around this afternoon. Maybe the Beer for Bloggers thing at 5:30?
Best title for a journal article that I've seen all day: "Unfortunately, It Is a Bit More Complex: Reflections on Ένέργεια."
ah finally on a computer c;
Pets do not belong in cages. Give them the respect and love they deserve.
Free pancakes for everyone every day.
Hi, I will like your facebook page, please resend the link, this one is not working. Thank you!
It's amazing how things change when seen with that morning light. The same location can look very different from day to day.
I'm sorry but I can't be tweeting my personal problems to the world.
how was installing garage doors today for Tom?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Occupy no more -- downtown portland can now smell fresh again. soon. hopefully. except all the homeless ppl will move just 1 block over.
The media only covers controversial issues and pollsters only measure the divisions.
i was like, "what is a drink that will make me hyper & slutty and then cry before falling asleep?" 2 irish coffees with 8 shots in each.
Since we'll be driving no whiskey for us, but DEFINITELY looking forward to the cupcakes!
I miss being called GAGA at school !! Ughh hate this new school ! Everybody knows me as francis
That's not encouraging news. I have been hit on by several Spanish guys in their 60's but I'm in my 30's :(
I was the one who held him all night .
Yes, please.
BIG MACK'S FOR EVERYBODY!
y tu ? Sleeping
A SEPARATION was excellent! Worth the long wait, so my Cleve film fans do your selves a favor and check it out!
music coming this week love!
Made ice cream this weekend with rice milk, guar gum, turbinado sugar, and almond extract. Was OK but a bit strange...!
That sounds delish... I am so hungry right now, I could eat top ramon. Oh wait...
Makes too much sense?
not sure about app, but I believe does that on the website
Upon being released by the Colts, oft-injured safety Bob Sanders accidently let the door hit him in the ass. He fell, and tore his ACL.
I'm watching some stupid thing on Netflix called "the facebook obsession". Idk why tho cause I don't even have a Facebook.
Puny god.
Found a wallet in Waikiki. A police officer tells me to take the $$ and ditch it. Or whatever lets me sleep at night.. Really?
Holy Crap Vampire Diaries! Seriously!!
Congrats Kobe on passing Jordan in All Star pts! So sorry about your broken nose, thanks !! Grrrr! Lol
Swallow The Leaders
If you need any design work for your new range, feel free to contact me.
#Shamrock and Shenanigans starts in 4 hours! Anyone wearing Green gets in for #FREE! See you tonight only
I hate But who is he? Can somebody explain me? I never heard of his voice btw.
U know whats god im following u
Thanks...I can't wait!
I almost forgot how big of a hater you were until I got back on twitter. I guess now I give you something to do with ur life HA
Or did not work well the first time or were used in a harmful way. Bad methods doesn't mean the entire practice is bad.
haha! I can't decide whether the mullet is worse on men or women.
I'm exhausted!
I was referring to Quit touching my volume hoe, I don't want to be a grinch in the morning. You should jam too!
needs a job!
i do does the penguin have membership ajhah
Great 4step presentation from about
Let me get this right BYU - it's cool to marry 4 women at a time, but pre-marital sex is a no go? Awesome, where do I sign up?
I love this movie though
": “The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.” ~Marcus Aurelius"
hmm. Makes sense. Thanks for the insight bruh
How has that gone?
Talking to one of the hottest girls I've seen in my life. I'm sure I'll fuck this up.
I don't deserve you.
GAHHHH , I'm so bored at home I can't read my timeline but I can send tweet and receive .
Productive day. Now to do something unproductive.
my girlfriend broke both her arms, guess i should give it a rest on the banjo lessons...
Crazy weather in Edmonds - huge hail, thunder & lightning. I don't think I've ever seen hail this large before
if this
Late to the game, buddy. I bought Internet last week. RT : ARE YOU MOVING TO A PLACE WITH INTERNET?
I love hearing "Hi, Chicago!" from the awesome students
while you're here, you should stop by my house ;)
Spending the weekend at the river. Fireworks tomorrow!
You can have my old hoes just remember you driving what I was driving like a year ago
thanks for the love :)
When do you take 5 hour energy ?
Im bouta go run around the class
haha! That's awesome, so glad to hear. It'll be a great time. We're going to post videos soon!
Just met chris rock awesome
and my phone is stupid
I know Jacques! I am still trying to figure it out... Let's see what happens!
curly. Duh.
SharePoint Tip: Basic workflows are Approval & Collect Feedback-send a document 4 Approval to Publish or Release & collect feedback.
For all the Bulls fans freaking out, please check what the Bucks are doing to the Heat. This is not going to be an easy season for anyone.
Best Chef Pacific Matt Molina from in LA -started as line cook / inspiration for young chefs
aww, I love her to pieces!! What a compliment!!
: Why is that?
I hate it when managers are platoon split driven. It depends on the situation, but it shouldn't take precedence over stuff.
#Mets never had a no hitter in 50 yrs. Ex-Mets to throw no-nos: Ryan, Seaver, Mike Scott, Gooden, Cone... and now Philip Humber.
I like it when my house smells like fresh laundry. Best part of laundry day
scary tweet lol
I like the signing, but wait for the contract numbers to come out. Let's see what the response is then
Oh wait thats passing :D
If I just added you from Glee follow me back! and check out my websites and check out my credits from working on Glee!
"Sometimes, the most important words are also the ones left unsaid"
Dnt trip they gone win the ring
Oh this season finale is gonna hurt.
I text you and you ask what do i want.
That's great! Just met with a vender who is interested in the event! Talk Soon!
#FF to all our lovely twitter followers out there! xoxo
made good progress on the Be In Love music video this weekend. Can't wait to share with you.
ik i told my mom you werent going therefore i would be lonely& loneliness leads to depression&depression leads to suicide.
Dancers, especially ballet.
I'm such a mean girlfriend 😭😂😂
I'm pretty sure my glasses are crooked.
is the baddest in it
Jeremy said that's a dangerous piercing and if it gets infected that it can kill you.
Hey no prob... Thanks for the RT!!!
We all want love .
WOW! Repairing my Bike's tires are really getting old. These streets n the Inner City of L.A need cleaning!
Morning! Btw no school for me... Performance day.
Thats a cute name. Can I get your # and we can txt to know each other better
At the Comcast office and there is a lot of yelling going on
man you dont have to say nun
I'm so super awkward.
Why I oughta.. <shakes fist> :)
FYI, I'll do this either later tonight or first thing in the a.m.! GREAT pics.
Follow up. Then #rollingstone ranks #neilyoung as number 17? Maybe the worst musician on 100 greatest guitarists. His solos are one note!
are you a fan of All Time Low?
Great game Hak. You should be starting...
Saltalamacchia goes to bat to "Rock Me Amadeus" lmao
Flex alert today and likely all weekend. Conserve electricity where possible. Avoid the big "e-pig", the A/C; go to a movie to stay cool.
WE ARE ON A MISSION I AM THERE IN SPIRIT
Are you telling me that Blink is releasing a song tonight!?
true...eating that heavy breakfast that late at night?
Think my whole family move slow lol
In Music Meeting- One Eskimo “Kandi” like it… looking forward to the Big Room tomorrow
Thanks for a great panel!
Still getting over having to miss DAMSELS IN DISTRESS this morning.
occupiedmedia.us ~ An Ordinary Person’s Guide to Overthrowing the Corporate Elites via
I put them away lol
“This is all happening because my father didn’t buy me a train set as a kid
she can have my go at them...LOL...i can tolerate them to a degree, but not the crazy looping ones, etc..
btw congrats on being cancer free that's an amazing positive thing...good for you!!
bout to do like i did bacc n 2007 go to school and go to work again so i can go bacc to my old life again it is here.
Is there anybody out there? Did the NW suddenly become scared of rain? The block is dead.
Who needs tixs??!! I'll be out and about today to meet up!
Registration for #THATCampOSU is full! Time to start a wait list...
yeah defiantly.. his old music is getting over rated lol
Traffic tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at Parmer and Dessau
My job just gave us free brownies...#four20 ?
I got Nuthin but LBS for ya baby
Not a fan of HIT, or not a fan of current HIT market? I'd likely have sympathy for the latter...
Watching Firefly and the Guild to get ready for Comic Con. #sdcc Didn't realize Zac Efron was in firefly.
Got me all out my element dude
What's going own #TWITTERWORLD ?!
We should support #wdytya no matter who the celebrity is -- the ancestral story is key. Tonight's focus is on Jewish ancestry.
Next week's music news probably won't top everything that has happened this week, but it's definitely going to be damn exciting
Stamped Concrete Patio Time , Pool Decks Too
No monorail mess today for FDP convention.
You're an idiot...
PERSONAL & DOG TRAINER!
has a quiz or test everyday!! school sucks.
tough call. I can't find a p&s that satisfies, so I usually either bring the 5d or the Bessa R3M if I want something smaller.
Stomach making weird gurgling noises.... why am I hungry?!? I had a big dinner!!
#IfIRanSportsCenter id have on as a host he jus knows everything
Yep, PR not for you...human hater :-)
#HappyBirthdayJosephMorgan the awesome Klaus from Vampire Diaries
Andrew's gonna make me a drink. Woo
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. The awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward
#NP Mayer Hawthorne - A Long Time
Suns could win last 2 and not get in if Rockets win last 2, Nuggets lose last 3 and Jazz lose last 2. They would be 3rd in 3-way w DEN-HOU.
Want to advertise your holiday specials with a custom QR code? Ask us for pricing information and more details today!
not sure I'll ask when he gets home...thx!
You just calm down
why is that?
whoever it is does an outstanding job in setting strategy and tactics with reference to positioning NBC
Trippy ass niggas in this bitch ...
Paint mee yeah I gotta yellin out paint me yeeeaaahhhhhhhhhh
The hubs is finally back so now I can focus on gearing up for a busy weekend starting first thing tomorrow mornin' TGIF!!!!
Who will be the next miss new jersey USA 2012?
My phone charger just broke..
Thx... Being taken care of.
Guys that like little kids >
Thank goodness! I was so worried I'd miss it. Plan to go next weekend. Awesome photo. :)
Lmaoo. I Have To Put A Trash Bag Over My Foot.
It is killing me that my previous tweet is missing punctuation. I'm a professional editor, for crying out loud.
Baylor and Colorado is exciting basketball.
The Washington Redskins traded up to get the 2nd pick in the draft giving up 2 future 1st round picks. Damn. Going Blind Wheels.
Obama to Propose College-Aid Changes - Wall Street Journal
it was over before it started
S-Troupe auditions continue today. Break a leg, everybody trying out!
Here we go Giancarlo its time!
and I'm gonna need some wine! :) how about wed or thurs?
Good night guys
You want me to get a parking decal? That's adorable...
RT : ok we see ya fresh cut<< if my boo says its fresh then it must be 😉
Anyone can make you smile or cry but, it takes someone special to make you smile when already have tears in your eyes.💜
I'll put in Orton (if only to save face)
Some diner owner should get smart & do em in Cortland. Very impressed by ur drunken spelling tonight, or is Autocorrect on?
Oh yeah twitter - I forgot about you
Working my poor fingers to the bone, not really but I'm excited to redo my fade-out.
I so wish I was there - going to be an awesome day and game! HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
Another day of work over. 4 more days and the weekend comes.
i feel like im out here on my 10 toes by myself
Muchas Gracias to all who came out yesterday to celebrate with us. Great times!! Go #Bulls!
I think the whole city is singing "O Canada".
Defending rights of business...
im working on it brah. Rome wasnt built in one day
Using for the first time tonight to follow #libchat! Will probably use this in the future to follow less enlightening hashtags...
My manager is going to contact you later this week bout a feature. We are throwing my release party in Hollywood next week.
oh yeah beers tours take me away
#WeirdAlYankovic is going to be at Warner Theatre on June 18th!
RT : Had to play that on repeat a few times... sorry... anyways, #NowPlaying - Give Ya - Drake ft Trey Songz and sum other dude
- yeah, I feel like Facebook got a total pass on that from sec. Straight marketing piece. Lacks substance in my opinion
FREE Dina's Organic Chocolates tasting today from 2-6 PM, only at the Chocolate Library. 111 St. Marks Place
make sure you are drinking plenty of water!
Hot tub and vodka night
Benefit for Chicago Zine Fest Tonight at Beauty Bar 1444 W Chicago 7-10pm 7pm Hosted Bar, 8pm Bingo, 9pm DJ Steve Kane! Thanks, Beauty Bar!
according to certain "people" cough CRough cough, we might be, but being the most frequently visible we are the best representation.
Is anyone else confused by Google+? Spending time creating a profile and not finding friends/family/acquaintances to share with is a bummer.
Thanks for the follow! So happy/proud a family member finally quit smoking a year ago and has been smoke-free since!
Kites rise against, not with, the wind. ~John Neal
she said the gloves tasted better than the duct tape.
Strippin on the bus cause its so damn hot ,
To-go daiquiri obtained. Decided against the one containing grain alcohol. Weird.
Looking for an assitant Cook with cooking experience (Part Time). Please call The Black Bear Inn Tel. 303 823-6812
#PirateCulture just fascinates me #com106 and I want to look into it more.
madonna needs to either a) hide, or b) die.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys. <3
