Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being.
Great new school with serious connections to NYC theatre scene: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com. Definitely check them out.
So in love with and doing
I'm sitting here cracking up! And I'll find you ... In your office!
So... How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if you kissed my cheek to give it luck?
I love pretending random days are holidays, happy hump day!! Can't wait to celebrate
who can contact regarding a nonprofit directed at promoting invention to k12 (not your father's science fair).
There is going to be a season 4 of Community! :D
If you were serenaded by Call Me Maybe tonight, that was me and
one bottom....
-- Lily Marie always steals the show -- and the books!
well I may need to get him some if he will behave in future!
way to go girl!!!!! So proud! That's awesome
i could DM you a pic of me (:
is there such a thing as a hate-sheep? If so, I'm staring at him in the mirror :-(
I think you can play from the cloud except that means streaming data usage with the phone.
except now you can't use it to manage your disc queue
Awh D; Well I hope you feel better<3
what kind of dogs do u have?
Anybody in any ward who still supports #Fenty should join www.facebook.com/runfentyrun
Mad Mean season 4 tonight
watching the podcast on the #ExperienceJoeRogan app now. Check it out in the Android Market!
could be a bluff move... I'd guess DEN blinks first.
Classic & Original or Spicy with a Kick? Which Chicken Sandwich do you prefer?!
Yeah...Beautiful country!!!
I did too... It's such a nice song... <33
raz boy.. Ur boy floyd doesn't want 50/50.. He still thinks he's the cash cow
1st weekday off/consecutive days off in 3.5 months. Taking a long weekend. Looking forward to camping, baseball, etc. Enjoy ur wkend too!
if you ever get to see this what was your fav. Part making the movie(:
Fiona apple never gets old
social media makes it easier to draw in the lurkers?
At least have some self respect bros lol
nope. Was not informed of this every tues/fri schedule so I made plans with a girlfriend who is in major need of a night out
Easy wit the insults don't be fuggin mad cuz the CAVS will never win a championship!!
Just saw a rainbow...yay!
perhaps we should. we'll hit you up in may. we are booked until then.
If you're reading this with slumped shoulders... stand tall! Posture is the window to the spine.
Chances are Europe won't come apart until the crisis circles back to France & Spain, exposing Germany, when they'll print money or go to war
A guy ho listens, a guy who is sweet, a guy who is s great singer,a guy who will always remember you thats follow him
How did things go in Dayton?
H.o.e.s = Happily offering everybody sex.
I would like to opt out of all election coverage and political news/ads from now through February 1, 2013. How can I make this happen?
New Track "The Skyline" up on our Myspace. Check it out and try not to wet yourself. www.myspace.com/theunionsound
i like to read lit crit in the food court at the mall, good times
Dog eats her master's tickets to Masters A Seattle man has a happy ending to his near-disaster for the Masters.
Happy #HireFriday! Looking forward to the #HFChat at noon EDT.
“: Would love to hear your work!” Eliana Evang on YouTube
lmmfao yes we can crystal clear homie lol *starts stepin like stomp the yard*
I could get any webmaster and they will testify that it doesnt take 2 weeks to secure a hacked website. I doubt Two Plus Twos reasons.
I know who he is! I just couldn't remember the last name! Jean/Williams. I'm just sayin' lol! fun fun fun
Museums can go global AND decrease their carbon footprint at InterActivity 2012! Checkout this week's session teasers on ACM's FB page.
: Lisa its been a while. we last talked live when i was writing / producing for mc hammer. please call when u can
": who talking about trade!? Thats ridiculous" dumb a ppl on twitter and tv....
sounds like a shitty day.
you better be !
tim/hootenanny reign supreme, but "rock n roll ghost" is still my favorite song of theirs.
Had the best night doing stupid around the playgrounds of Boston with my besties
your a directionator!!
22 days, 15 hours until graduation!!
Thanks to D at for getting youth involved!
No, no scorpions but we've had our share of pissed off skunks this spring. LOL
It is SO tasty.
Thanks so much for the
morning babe!!!! Wanna go to the Reds/Cubs game w us tonight??
In te car on my wake to Chicago.....no one tell the fb ppl
They're a big-game team. They'll show up when it matters. Remember opening week against Pittsburgh?
Meeting last night > :)
Revit: where one mistake gets multiplied to every view, sheet and schedule-simultaneously.
You know what fuck it... I am just going to go with my gut I hope it works
I wanna know what turns you on girl (;
RT Dam #ritz sound like the move for tonight
Very tasty. The words: oak aged, double, and ipa caught my eye. 10% abv, so it'll bite back.
Yup, just pulled a muscle in my back sneezing.
Women are 65% of public employees. #KathleenFalk insists women have a seat at the negotiating table. It's about fairness.
Auburn sweatshirt on the Santiago metro today! Pretty sure he randomly bought it at a market, but still
Roy Halladay on pace for 33 wins, 0 era and .25 WHIP for the season.
My new standard response to "I have a _____ friend" is "they must be very patient."
Thanks so much! Come join us at Tavern Downtown, Colorados largest rooftop patio!
San Diego Chargers linebackers coach John Pagano joins The Score in a few minutes! Mile High Sports, 1510
Labron's & DRose got on the freshest sneaks!
RT #Capricorn's think too much. They plan too much.
You are heavenly/You are Father/Creator/Sustainer/Life changer/Pride breaker/You are yesterday today and forever/You are pleasure/
yup the book was a lot better though.
y'all are gonna rock it! see ya there :D
hey I'm the one u tweeted back to the other day.I wanted u to know my birthday is tomarrow please call 812-679-1479<3
Aww!!! I'll miss you too!!! You'll have fun with Andrea! :))
of course. :) what's up?
Story change. On my way to Douglas County to ask more about the Nuggets' Birdman investigation
-We bound next me & Dj_Rage!!
"I want to get to the point where people say of my work: that man feels deeply, that man feels keenly.” (Vincent van Gogh)
done and done
still can't figure out my email thing....
call me, beep me, if you wanna reach me #pittsburghsuperhero I'll even save YOU during a #pittsburgh sports game
I second this b/c I'm next to her. RT : come sit next to me?
thank you! :)
Not till #DWTS is over, IMHO RT Clifton. Collins. Is Driver next?
when's the last time the #Orioles had a .667 winning percentage this late in a season?
“: id say its a spending prob for more than ppl think.” Maybe, but relative wages have dropped a lot since 1980.
Haha, well...no, not exactly. But it's just like everything else, it's not the same if you're not attracted.
Bringing in from Vegas this week for Jet Set Friday!
They're made of licorice, donchyaknow?
Digital Graffiti Walls are a big hit at trade shows as attendees can digitally draw on a screen that can be branded with your company logo.
take a right at fork behind museum. Take another rt at funky flags!
Next week around this time everyone should be at the Reds game
I'm on my level...
"This is a time for caution, but not for fear." Chinese Proverb that resonated with me tonight. Believe recession is over....
JUST GONNA WRITE THE NIGHT AWAY
Uses of Twitter.... talking to friends, marketing, research, clubs, organizatins, announcement.... what else?
lather rinse repeat! On that tweet.
don't be writing checks your ass can't cash.
Home!!!! Hailey Anne's resting comfortably...well all but this damn fly. Argggggg. :^)
ur a brat
I have no homework tonight wow... I must be lucky then...?!
Cause he's gone and never coming back...
We have a lucky 7 weeks to get in shape for the Race.
if you by me a burrito I will tell you anything you want to know. Anything.
Robert Pattinson buys Kristen gold locket
haha!! Lloyd is always on the road he puts me to shame! :)
It's one thing to be dumped by a great guy, but to be dumped by someone that never really loved you. That's tough. I had to compete with a
Exactly! : This 'perfect' night of sleep is obviously for people w/out small children.
i want some chips and salsa from a mexican restaurant
Don't just stand there boy, I gotta know. Say something.
"It would make the burger boozey"
#TheNYRangers defeat #Wash_Caps in 3OT. NY leads series 2-1. Memories of Easter Sat/ Sun w NYI v Caps.
I was checking out recently, and I do love how it is total eye candy over there! We'll see...still have to look more
must be in the water. MT : experiencing a serious lack of focus this a.m. Feels like a ping pong ball bouncing around in my head.
Tailgating for one of the worst teams in the nation.... Fun after parties fun... Lunch with best friends parents bad idea
omg Zoila and Jeff with the life therapist omg I just love them so much!!!!
didn't I warn you about this over a year ago? You're technically running a red light when you do that
u scared me...i thought a new season started!
FUN! RT : Tweeting with us from the beach TOMORROW: Join the #flkeys chat at 2PM
Do we need general ed requirements at institutions of higher ed? Does thinking about learning outside the class necessitate a new paradigm?
In the studiO at 3am putting in work...10TH Album.
what color is the burn, lmao!
"The body is the piece of the universe we've been given"-Geneen Roth
why do you only respond to the meant tweets what about us folks that think you are adroable?
On any episode of Real Housewives i never see them acting as housewives, mostly just as spoiled grown up children.
h_osterlund they are both pretty depressing, for different reasons :\
Start it! Interesting characters & twists. I finished in > a week. I also think it would do well in a movie adaption.
YOLO Is The New Live Fast Die Young
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. -- Jean Nidetch
Indeed. I went from being a President to a Mayor. Hm? I have to work on that.
Bye Miami!!✈ Off to the Dominican Republic🌴☀ Cant wait to lay out with a Piña Colada!! 👙
yea but why so depressed somethin bad happened?
Reading Jitterbug Perfume...all packed and ready to go HOME tomorrow!!!!!
Hooray for us both! <3
Gosh I feel horrible ):
i really dont even care anymore
Thanks for following us Marek, we will be checking out your products!
This Week: ED ROBINSON'S album - The South Florida Top 15 Reggae Album/CD's Chart 'WRITTEN IN STONE" is
Ph dang then I can't I have church tomorrow /:
In Theatres 2-12-10: in VALENTINE'S DAY! Who's going?!?
Call or stop in today…………
According to a random website, my twitter account is worth $168.33...Jackpot
Best comment: "Democracy is really the enemy of freedom and individual rights."
I could be having the worst day of my life, but a good football practice always makes up for it
Hip Thrusting needs to be qualified as a sport and I think Louis would win the Olympic medal for it. I'd like to be a spectator...
“Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.” -I'm confident in my team!!! #GIFTED MIINDS
Yaw remember that show r u smarter than a 5th grader? No one learned that stuff in 5th grade. I still dont know some of that stuff now.
It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's the Millennium Falcon
I miss you!!
3 days till school , 8 days till bar mitzvah (:
Empire State Building about to lose status as tallest in NYC; One World Trade Center likely to surpass height by Monday
On northbound #22 just south of Irving Park. Insanely crowded, lots of people still trying to board
Feeling lucky? Call in a pledge of support at $50 and ask about our mystery grab bags, worth over $100! All sorts of goodies: 888-621-6900
I need a beer. And a nuke.
Thanks Chris! So wrapped up on the show... I missed the news about Jinnrise:)
Might just go ahead and do it...
oh hey there
lol alright you and Fred need to go to sleep haha
I wish juniors were able to be exempt from classes! I've got a 97 in ecology and only missed 2 days and I have to take the exam
Ok, I’ll let you put my sand in your toes if promise to properly dispose of your cans when you’re done :)
me neither!!! My husband is ALL about the lyrics…and I NEVER hear them.
Good point! Just had a Heath Blizzard yesterday, but fresh ice cream sounds yum now. Obviously you can see what I'm craving. Lol
Also for sign making and crafters...All 1-1/2" and smaller width vinyl cut-offs are on sale for only $1.00 a pound in our walk in store.
that's an annoying one i promise!
>>>you were great as usual... and I were way n the back #crowded!
which one
followed you here...why'd you make a new one? :)
Yesterday!! yesterdayrock.com!
Roses are red Violets are blue NCircle loves Each one of you! <3 Happy Valentines day to our NCircle of friends!
: “Omg, if straight women lower their standards any more, it will be a sad, sad day!"
talk about an ego boost! glad i made the cut...i owe you food sometime.
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;)
Full service gas station. Thought these were extinct. Is that what we've made church?
Jerry, good to see you Tweeting again!
I feel awesome :)
Chase is inundated with calls from angry cust. Are they trying to drive good people into insolvency?
im done with Bryzgalov, worse than Boosh
Hanging out with old friends >>
Haha! Any news on the math finals? They graded?
I had the funniest dream last night lmfao (:
Everything aches right now. Great workout and a night of dancing!
My Twitter notifications never pop up
holla. link me up with the really nice sweaters page.
Conan gave Rick perry a shout out! Nice!
Any news on if his teammate Adolphus Washington will make the trip as well?
Warriors send Monta Ellis to Milwaukee in five-player trade
WHAT IS IT?!
"when black people get loud they only speak in vowels"
no worries I'm good a negative attitude is below the horizon...a place for lonesome hearts and I am above the ignorance😘
I am a forgiving person, but I'm growing tired of the Paterno apologist.
I want you to want me as much as I want you
We can also relabel Hooded fleece Contact
Shankapottimus!!!!! Damn that comercial is funny!!! :)
u all better keep in touch k! ;)
For those who always complain about haters consider this... Maybe you're just a douchebag/bitch.
Between Facebook Timeline, Google Search, Plus Your World and Twitter's soon discovery layer this is a major shift for semantic web& privacy
LOVE MY ICON
RT : And we are proud to be there!
♬ Thank you all so much for following Archie-Rose Music, we are gearing up to be more active on the social scene, also more interesting ♬
RT : Great time of yr for players to watch film/learn, etc... [yet most play AAU and learn nothing]
Simply making consistent investments in our self-education and knowledge banks pays major dividends throughout our lives. Jim Rohn
1;11 here. You won't want to get up in the morning. lol I'm heading goodnight.
Friends don't let friends let print designers "design" websites. Because all they're doing is fucking things up.
hey thank you we agree! Launchig a big kickstarter campaign in may to raise funds for distribution!
finally! my gold, gaudy, glittery watch has arrived!!!
Say a design studio wants to pitch a potential exhibit to the museum. How would it go about that who would be the contact?
in the end I was so blind I had to have surgery
lol i know (:
Wha?? First? My mouth just watered. For reals.
Aw, this makes me miss you and Austin!
PRESIDENT OBAMA CAME, HE SAW, and HE CONQUERED. MITT ROMNEY, HE LIED, HE TOOK, and HE MADE A FORTURE. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Aqueduct Racetrack train stop looking bleak against Friday night at Heritage Casino
#InMiddleSchool Mr. White was the best person ever, I met someone who I waited 3 years for and nothing happened and I met some amazing ppl.
IU, them Cats are coming for revenge.
On the web. Xm is now a luxury few of my friends can afford. I know XM is saying "damn u BLOG TALK!"
haven't heard yet. Let us know how it goes. Live tweet it! :) If you do a write-up we'll repost! RT : I'm going. Who else?
would make for a decent #ds106 assignment- some are pretty heartbreaking
its def not sellin out im just gettin mine at the door
taking full advantage of the last few hours of my day off from fashion- the industy that never sleeps ;)
Just cooked dinner. “: Me Valerie, Charlie, & Akiya just danced & cooked with hahahaha #bestprincipal”
I was so,faded i did a front flip into my window
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
nice to hear from you! i go hot and cold on my blogs. glad you liked this one. take care!
Thank you for that. Noted. Hopefully my ride home will be smooth and no a/c leaks.
All "fine" $ goes under Free Parking RT : But errtime Monopoly is played, there's an argument on what the rules are
Is it time to report to spring training yet? I'm bored
Sotomayor /2 other judges summarily dismissed case without tackling complex issues outlined in briefs.Instead court issued an unsigned,
MT : Only person to get downtown NY music/theater and how they connect in the 70's right:
Gud 2 hear dear ;-) same here I'm Blessed thank you
great picture of us 3!
Come in for a bite and stay to listen to the Flamenco guitar stylings of Daniel Azcarate. He's on from 6:30 - 9:00pm tonight!
love you too!!
A palete load of soft drinks and bottled water just arrived at #Minnebar Now I know the conference is underway.
Safe travels to everyone heading up to Sydney for PMA! A lot of flights are canceled here in Melbourne. #roadtrip!!
where'd your baby come from then? Did you also make all your organ systems and the earth that you're walking on?
there is definitely something in my walls, its either big, or rollin with a posse six deep
As someone who works with tweens, I can say that One Direction are much, much huger than The Wanted.
People were afraid Boehner would cry if they didn't vote for him. Pelosi would throw shoes regardless of result. #waronmyself?
informal poll: what color should i paint my nails for the post-bday karaoke extravaganza tomorrow night?!?!?
yeah it's pretty ace especially coming from Auckland. Still miss home though
This public pool is a lot warmer than usual. I hate kids..
i miss you already :'(
yes! And thanks!
yo i may come to the city. No oops tho
It takes a true man to deny he is wrong.
I'm leavin for beantown tomorrow for 12 days so whoever wants to kick it tonight in da burbs hit me up.
I want to meet him
heading home to Seattle today :)
I know I'm to old for this but: 2 Chainz !!!!!!!
You always see things in the mirror that no one else does.
54 secs left in the first. Still scoreless
I got it done in the joint by my nigga named Mark and thanks
U r a WC Warrior, right? What year did U graduate?
Ahh. I have to go to bed early tonight. Sol test tomorrow. -.-
Sagharbor favorite store www.bondn9.com - the essences of New York City on a parfum bottle!
“: #Scorpio are people with foggy clouds over them so you cant see their true self.” so true. But I can still spot a
: Inspired by the rain, we are going to buckle down and do some more recruiting!
Thank you! It's just some of what I want to tell Josh eventually.
Leftover spaghetti for lunch, yum?
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleve
San Diego Unified School Board, District A Mini-Forum tonight, 7:30pm at Clairemont H.S.
we are thankful you chose to share your time and talents with us! Happy 4 year anniversary ;-)
Follow to get your latest news on the industries you love and aspire to be in. From Music, Movies and Fashion...#NowUpdateThat!
Let it go lol RT : Think I'm gonna go back to school. University of Hawaii sounds good to my ears.
#ala11 wrapup: Number of bruises from unknown sources: 2. Number of broken fingernails: 3. Yup... Seems about right.
Follow the team if u are or know an up and coming independent artist !!!!!
so would you put Lewandowski on your football dream staff, or just go with U of M's by default?
i miss u baby long time no talk
special last minute fares for today... call for details. 414.744.0400
If Jesus saw how working people were treated in this country by those filthy poors, he'd be so embarrassed. He'd occupy THEM.
chilln. Bn bck on my grizzly since we talked. When u ready tho
Bubba Watson needs a ratchet set today.
"Give me a second Eva Longoria is texting me" - HAHAHAHA BRB DYING OF LAUGHTER!! :)
TMZspoke with an investigator at Coroner's Office who said they're on way to scene.and a law enforcement source says Jr is dead
From chilled toes and bursting heat to running the air conditioner on the way from a meeting, it's a beautiful Houston day.
Twinkle twinkle little hoe, name a guy you didn't blow.
The water bear is an amazing animal.
Agreed! RT : Hiring a paralegal to file a bankruptcy is a bad idea. Not reading the papers you signed is an even worse idea.
We have to maintain a penitentiary. I do not know why. We have to maintain a reformatory. I do not know why. [1944]
Announcing HP's Converged Infrastructure Roadshow. Mark Your Calendar. Please visit www.hp.com/go/ciroadshow to view the agenda.
no problem! glad to help :) and I think a web series is a great idea of you want to make that a fun summer project together
Probably old news at this point, we suppose. Hey, do you have low-price subscriptions for tiny nonprofits? :)
Just got done with tball practice...subway for dinner...time 4 some mw3!
no way! That's insane. I've only worked at HCO for a couple of months now, but my store loves diverse people ! haha. (:
BTW, the thought of lighting up a packed arena night after night with "Heaven on Their Minds" is a beautiful thought. :D
Um I'm not quite sure. I can ask him tomorrow but I know for sure 10 pre-AP :)
“ Yo The New Avengers movie got a 9.5 rating...damn lol...we fuckin with it! :)”
Good morning! Happy belated Father's Day!
I think you better stick with the kids in the pool. This one doesn't have legs.
#Spotify is awesome!!! Keepin me jamming on my way home
I hope you had a great day off!
she mad bro!!!!
Ready for some of my friends to get married! These folks jammin!
Library GRIND bold is Delta Mud.
#hackedbymamamahone because I want to see Austin's reaction.
Great results often require more work than expected. Go the extra mile to make something more than just okay.
Went to last night in BK, and it was a dance partay. Reminded me of in Austin.
The great forest of Swagtopia RT lmfaoo where may I get this swag dust from ?
thanks man. Do my best
i want him to be on some shit tomorrow,then its gon be smash on site and i put that on my brother !
RT : Our disrespect for thinking: someone sitting in a chair, gazing out of the window, always described as 'doing nothing'.
Tiger Balm
"Today, we're living in a moral emergency..." ~
IT'S MY BDAY BITCH!
almost kept a DMV appt to change the title on my car. Turns out I had already taken care of it...at the DMV. Seriously?!?
Awww naw. Jealazzz. 1love kids. “: Got surprised by !! Uncle Sam's in Oakland with the big man 🍺🍔”
I can make your bedrock :*
Now you're just somebody that I used to know..
The perfect place to share a few small plates, sip on crafted cocktails & listen to live music... DISTIL tonight!
Great pick by the Bengals!
Congrats ! Great game!
I'm ready for Spring Break. Only 10 more days.
RT : Need exceptional talent to design your next innovation solutions? Look to Indiana Hoosiers to lead the way.
RT - The Super Bowl for my first franchise in Madden NFL 12: ... drumroll please ... San Francisco 49ers vs. Jacksonville ...
Lol you're so fucking dumb! I'm not a Selenator, I never said I was! Talking to you is like talking to an infant.
sorry to hear about this. That's a serious drag. I'll think of you when I eat occhi di bue.
Still up twifey???
I am too!
good to know.
we love that you've fully wrapped your head around this new role we've assigned you. it's really blowin' out there too.
I honestly just met the greatest guy ever! He is so amazing and hot!!!
Thanks for the follow. Great good wishes with your writing.
I hope somebody doesn't renew their season tix in for 2012 so I can get it!!! Find out Feb. 4th
I hate waking up from my sleep...I was just about to hug then i smelled bacon D:
No problem! Have a great weekend! :)
: Likewise Suzanne.
. Don't mean to be disloyal to but the way he's been strutting around makes it hard to feel sorry for him.
Yardwork-done,read the paper-done. Now time for breakfast and start another busy day!
Great day... looking forward to tomorrow... www.youthcanlead.com
Going camping & hiking near Leavenworth. Wish us luck!
It takes 8 weeks of ridiculous training to get in fight shape, and then 2 weeks of half-assing it to lose it. Poop.
thank goodness i found on twitter so i can tell the source how amazing the show was...& i can't wait for andrea goss to go on!
#TheAvengers was really good! I'm buying it when it comes out.
#JustRememberThat when I said I'd always be there for you I meant it.
Headed to Alaska ..
I'm having paisley withdrawals tho, I haven't been to his show for too long
I am so relieved they made an arrest in that Mississippi case.
WACK-A-DO!!!!!!!! We have another donation! Thanks Bodhi! With your $50 donation, you earned the status of Power Pal! We're now at $1880!
Right back at ya!
where?! Keep it!
Half-time, FIFA Women's World cup, no goals (though US has plenty of shots, Japan, a few too.) 0-0.
Shut up! :P I'll push your ass off.
Madonna gave a very good half time show at Super Bowl tonight. She is in top shape she really works hard at taking care of herself it shows
SUPRA. HOLEY COWWWAAAA
writing them or reading them?
Crap. My iPhone's battery is almost fi
...ikr!! i that...it makes me wanna cry:(
Ambition is the key to success.
I want more more more of that Karla Chisholm flavor I've been looking for. Give me more!
please do!!!(: Hahaha
I assure you that I feeling is mutual!
What are you gonna do with yourself next Monday night?!
Why has the San Diego Voice and Viewpoint become so hostile against teachers?
Up at 4am for second cross country flight in 2 days...SLC bound.
Take a pleasant picture of you. Not too smiley just pleasant. Can you find that look? Use your camera phone. Tomorrow: Background Change.
Hello! We are looking now for models for a new website launching in 24 hours! Would you like to join us Dear?
I thought that was beautiful!!
“: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z really kind of tired of putting these letters in order.” I know!
Why n??ever have unfollower
Today I'm marking 40th anniversary of Congress passing #EqualRightsAmendment; shouldn't women's equality be enshrined in the Constitution?
It sounds like a scene from The Minority Report, but technology to combat gun crime known as ShotSpotter has been quietly rolled out acro
Health Tips: too much vitamin c may become pro-oxidative in the body - keep to no more than 1 gram a day.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their jobs done - Peter Drucker
Brands are learning to embrace Facebook’s new timeline without losing fan interaction. Take a look at how Fanta’s doing it:...
Vitucci's with
next time BOTH of you will come to Caliente! :) I'm craving another Fajita Combo!
I wonder where is? I need to check on her & have best friend talk <3
congrats bro! That's a great accomplishment . Tomorrow is 6 weeks for me, too!!
Looking forward to the Kentucky Derby. I'm pulling for "Eden's Moon" mainly because I think that would make a fine title for a tune.
Drove far today. ♥
awweeee my poor numbeer zeero! hope you feel better ♥ C:
Free online Estimate
This Flaming Lips tune was requested by LelandRDaniel when he won #Wits tickets!
And I love me some Derek Rose. But the kid missed almost HALF of an already short season. And he got votes.
Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text.
Woot my 8 guages went in without any problem!!
I know families who plan one summer trip a year from points northward just to see the Brewers.
Done with high school!!:D
Wow, huge shot
Elton John, Seattle Center Coliseum, 1974
Appalachian Granny has Puppy Chow and Peppermint Bark at Acme Hotdogs! It's grab-n-go so stop by and grab yours! Cleveland Av,. So of 161
don't get too close, I'm bound to have picked up his stankin' ass must.
can't stop watching Wayfaring Stranger...
Lol!! Lil mama has your lucky number on today!!!
Cavity needs to be filled. You' re right. Not looking forward to it. But, then picking up my books for
Time to retire the phrase "ruin porn."
#np Convinced I'm Wrong - Polar Bear Club
Thanks for the RT! BTW, can't wait till it goes live. Been using internally on a daily basis and it Rocks :-D
This store has a licensee named "Standard Shaft Club." The jokes write themselves.
Watching dolphins frolic off the Kona Inn!
qoute nicki minaj" i cant eat i-i-i--i i cant sleep i-i-i--i" SYKE! u bets belive imma eat AND sleep hella lot, .............#GUTTAH!
#RVA, did you enjoy the #BlackLove Fest just as much as we enjoyed you?
P.S. , you made fun of how I said "tour" while in Austin.. But you say tour the same way in the mail vlog... #notcoolbro >:(
Watching "Nurse Jackie" #Showtime Series
Friedrich doesn't even need to throw his fastball today, but he gets Crawford looking: 93 mph. 5 K's already.
Brought to you by , what a great product RT : Baylor better wake up or my bracket is screwed!
BUTTERCUPS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!
Baked and waked then baked again.
RT : .: "I don't think most people believe that this is the worst ad they've ever seen." that's a glowing...
Undetermined hosting environments present a fun opportunity to shift all templating to JavaScript and only rely on the server for JSON.
I'm sorry but was live tweeting Face/Off which means I had to retweet it all. I'm not actually sorry. Fuck you.
ok bro
wondering if the last year took five years off my life.
I've been waiting a month for some news. This week is the week!
Something is really wrong with artest
Tomorrow! #GYHAB Music Video! Who's ready? 😊❤
New owners of legendary punk venue CBGB will hold festival this summer and possibly re-open the club in the near future:...
heat vs. Knicks
That awkward moment when 's microwave is waaaayyy smarter than you.
Some new friends to check out #FF and
Dear social media gurus, ninjas, mavens and all others in marketing: Please retire the words "robust" and "leverage". That is all.
ADAM BUCHANAN at Chosen Models Chicago - Metrovelvet
just found out iam going to D.C October cnt wait
When you getting that pussy make sure to throw that leg up....like you drilling for oil lol you know you hit gold when she skee
Riding in #supershuttle from BWI to DC for #nafsaAD. Can't wait to hit the hill tomorrow in support of immigration reform
can't they just get him to sing an intro song or have him serve mimosas to Jessica Lange in her trailer?
You need a show, too, Gregg!!
RT : Did you know someone needs blood every seven seconds? That every pint of blood can save three lives?
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom
that's such a pretty dress!
No never have
Sorry about the spammer that hit the forum :(
much better
Formal is friday, I should probably go find a dress?
Gotta say an have the coldest x pics ive seen on twitter so far...need more phat kiester trays tho
But I'm just tryn to help out u kno service the community
I have never heard of such a thing
#GOBRUMOS come on
you are still a handsome man, Mr. Warner. Mrs. Warner is a lucky woman!
it awesome bro first game this thursday bruh !! im so ready
Have a great weekend, ladies! #ChicagonistaLive was great this week!
Welcome to the team Joe Brostowicz and Brad Williams!!
Why do slow people think it's ok to drive in the fast lane?
RT : Great article that definitely speaks to the #B2BContentEvent - 4 Ways To Create Content People Care About...
Great beers and even better service, always at the Wild Duck!
No it isn't. You can't see crap there. Horrible sightlines.
yea they're both classics tho. This one just hurts your feelings more lmao
#w2s berkely guy is a great presenter. reminds me of larry lessig - cellscope on your cell phone - crazy!
Teachers don't have to be traditional or certified in order to be good. Adora Svitak at
#ImThatPersonWho is always down to party!
the fact that we live closer than expected...
RT : If you really knew me, you'd know that I do everything in my power to make people happy, even if I'm not.
15 actual days until graduation!!!!
Happy as a clam? Ya. I provide for you some prozac.
* A perfect freebie to end finals !!!
we've turned technology into a fetish. great educational outcomes come despite rather than because of it.
. sweet! Can't wait to see it. Glad the reviews are mostly positive.
What shall we problem solve now? World hunger?
Have a huge headache...im so not driving tonight..
False Expectations Appearing Real = FEAR
lol yeah for 30 days then summer session.
sometimes parents don't know what they deserve because they never had what they deserved either.
Just found I have the same bday as
Hi Aaron. Got your DM. TY RT : hello and sorry I am late!!
A smile can hide the truth, the mouth can whisper lies, but the eyes always reveal what's hidden below the surface!
Huzzah!! RT : Can I get a WOO HOO!?! We are officially at 101 rock stars on the membership wait list!
Thanks for your recommendation to use print2flash. It is perfect!
no clash. just beautifully melded flavors!
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to announce events and provide mobile optimized web site links.
miserable cold. #cubs make me feel better.
My girlfriend and I want to father our children. He is so cute. 100% Lesbian Approved!
I'm going to finally enjoy spending a night goofing off with my neglected bf.
I may be a failure, thats all you'll ever see. But when the dust has settled you'll be so much less than me.
yay mayor bee... Oops I done stung myself.. Bye world!
My computer erased my entire itunes library. Here I come Spotify Premium 30 day trial.
Imma suspend these rules all day everyday!
PR Tip of the Day: Before calling a television reporter with a story, ask yourself, “Will anyone want to watch this?” www.RealNewsPR.com
the text I just got from domdom..-.- seriouslyy kidd!
I will be tweeting Honda LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on 3/20. Tracking provided by Time Warner Cable, Technology Part
Heat forward Chris Bosh will not play in 2nd half after suffering an abdominal strain.
Would love to talk to you about getting some film work done
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Didn't even feel like work. <3
MT : Appreciate the honesty of saying JaMarcus Russell was highest rated player on Ravens draft board in 9 yrs
waiting forever for this lady to call me!
We know they are familiar with you, the internationally known WTO protester!
There are 4 coaches who’ve made a signif. difference in my life: Joel Maturi, , Susan K. Wehrley (),
“: getting april fooled<<<” love youu(:
I just finished mocking jay... Catching fire movie doesnt come out for another 1 1/2 years... What am I going to do with myself?
I'm just saying
I'm well thank you
#know12 : more mature financial approaches: understanding tech debt, cloud value mgmt, balanced scorecard, BI for IT, others
check out my website for more information about the undead, and how to survive - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
wanna join me? :D
yes u will 😄
Ha cool
Culture also play a part, in Haiti u deal with voodoo wells. In Africa men sleep under nets-even though kids are more at risk
Had to take a night off from retouching to work on my other business. Back to Photoshop tonight
Pizza rolls and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream! The mother's day lunch of champions
Oh c'mon. You know it's true.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Robin Hood, Prince of Titties."
Thanks for the #ff Lou. Have a great weekend.
I love Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Mississippi, Ohio, Michigan, Atlanta, ....etc stay tuned for the roll call!...LOL
i want that job.... Except the fact that youd smell like fish shit every single day :P
There comes a point in your life when u realizes who REALLY matters, who NEVER did, and who ALWAYS will.
RT Startup #Meetup in Milwaukee this Wednesday! Learn about , , , & !
We got this! RT If it's raining in #SD.. rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO THE LADY'S AND THE HOES LOL
How long are delays on the Red Line?
The newly renovated Mays High School.
Jealous! That looks SO good!
Thank god! Congrats! She's gotta some pretty bomb Aunt's lined up to teach her the ways of irritating Jake!
Breakfast Pizza, Almond filled Crepes Suzette! Brunch on the Patio. Brewers at 12:35, PRICELESS!!!! EAT LOCAL AND EAT WELL.
I know!! How could they miss that?!
America's judgement in talent is just sad. Sure these people have talent but they aren't the best
We thought it was pretty awesome ourselves.
of course, behind are some good folks at One Economy, but the contest also gives full rights to AT&T, for better and worse...
I do not know of this "government" you speak of... Tell me more.
one of the best songs ever!
The freemium model makes sense only when the marginal cost of serving free "customers" is close to $0.
OMG MY DAD GOT ME A SLINKY FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!!! SO LAME!
Like why would ask me that???.
At this dance performance 👯💃👯
": I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime. OMG best line evurrr!!!!" ...I posted those lyrics the other day... -.-
You know what would be really awesome? More food. #onedayI'llbereallyfat
My 10 year old is convinced that Adele set fire to her boyfriend.
imma try being here a lot ok lol so how was today ?
Working on some very exciting projects coming up in the near future!! Love it!!
Stress kills, sex heals.
You are stronger than you know
Elena can't find anyone to agree w/ how they should react to the Original family’s internal power struggle. #TVD is ALL NEW tonight @ 8!
:) how are you? Weird game, eh?!
Seen on stickK: someone committed to being nicer to others. Sounds like a great personal goal to us!
Things are getting CRAZY On DealShow.com
Nigga I got 22" on a mr softee truck
Yes. Definitely.
#EasterPart1---When Jesus stretched his hands out to be nailed, he was saying to us "I LOVE YOU THIS MUCH!"
#theShutterFoundry will have an open forum. What would you like to discuss?
Happy birthday mom, love u lots Enjoy your day.
Phew. Monday is almost over, you made it! Time to celebrate with
Bigger than Christmas for me. You good? RT was up how was y'all resurrection day? Hope it was nice
I like it that you're indirect. And send nuances they can't detect.
#JerseyShore oh yeah!
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
: Is that the infamous hot dog truck?
I can finally see rated R movies by myself.
Today's Bucket is up with Day 2 of the Lindsay Saga. Hear it for yourself at theentertainmentbucket.com.you can listen to it on a smartphone
Great shot!!
thanks! I'll check them out!
Aesop Rock - Pigs
:) well send me your address and we will get one out to ya next week
Will do!!!
Where do you think I got my default picture from? xD
Thanks, Nioshi. I am deeply troubled when it comes to Trayvon and the aftermath.
I just told that there was cum in the kitchen
R.I.P. William, thanks for being an awesome betta fish these last 2 years.
Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me.
Left me for some dxck. But I can't blame her. lOl! GET THAT DXCK GIRL! ^_^
Sunday just got more amazing, returns to to discuss #Arsenal #ManUtd game w/
i love making girls happy :) *giggles*
we're dying to know -- where does the cat go while you're judging #TheVoice?
I'm still not sold on Bruce Harper... The kid will be in the club with Gilbert Arenas next week and be arrested by 21... Just wait
Use the promo code: LVDRocks to get 2 months free on LoveVoodoo...
lol! It's bad for u anyway!
so many
if her name was Mary.. You gotta!!!..lol..=D
Yes, of course I enjoy it. It is very beautiful there. It's good to see family and I have friends there as well. :)
Has follow you yet
click on where it says get code then go to your tumblr and click customize theme then go to 'edit HTML'
just did the weight routine -- hard! but i can't say enough, truly, about how much better i feel since starting this weight business.
Four reasons why a girl might stop texting you 1.you got boring 2.she fell asleep 3.she found someone else 4.you started responding with "K"
RT if you're hungry for some #FridayFishFry!
#JamesBaldwin: “Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.”
Needa bring me my stuff ,
Just had the best year rapping wise ever His mixtapes God's Father, #1 Bitch and The Basedprint 2
R.I.P. Dick Clark. There will never be another 'Rockin' Eve' quite the same as Dick Clark passed on at the age of 82.
Piece of garbage single story office building by the freeway
I don't want to go the grocery store, damn. Todays my only day off.
the ras clot secret weapon!
its annoying
We also have twitter pages for our products: , , and
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your fantastic 4 and 5 year olds to Fabulous 4's & 5's Storytime! It's so much fun!
I need some me time for a while....
We have to stop being the book lady - cas sandra barnett
Lucy in the sky with Skulls
- we know the feeling ;/
girl I miss you I graduate Sunday at MSU you need to be there
CMS Health Care #Innovation Challenge seeks to implement their innovation model within 6 months--expedited ramp up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -Benjamin Franklin
You have no idea how happy that would make me.
That is the CUTEST profile picture EVER!!! What a beautiful child!!
awesome! just needs a little dusting :)
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
Steve Jobs helped change the world in more ways than one - as an Apple user & digital media pro, I'm sad to hear of his untimely passing.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheaper than medicine.
I'm getting all my family and friends to vote for you to do your next concert in London, <AB
dude, awesome. That is going to be a fantastic time!
seems to be doing the trick... So far
Everyone make a Zach Brown/Zac Brown Band joke. No one else thought of it yet. It'll be a riot.
haha I know you only met met me for a little but I like to play around. will I run into you around "the no" this weekend?
yep not Cutler has a target that he is familiar with again.
Time is getting limited for #NAMM if you want to me up, give us a buzz. Looking for more great partnerships in 2012!
Thanks for this, it's something I've always wondered.
Apparently been out of college too long: thought making that frozen pizza was a good idea. Results? I'll let you know after I find Tums
The Brewers front office at Maryvale looks pretty awesome though.
aight you got any beats ova there, my computer messed up
Good Morning everyone! Thanks to all the new followers of nobleproductline!!! Looking for acoustic foam for your studio????????
That's the best kind of book. I've kept both editions (1991 and 2008) on my shelf. Katz's work on those eds. is just great.
Five likes away from 200.
Wait....eventually I am going to go downtown and there will be like......20 people on Georgia.......weird.
Ugh . okay thats how it is Nigaaaaaaaa ! i see how it is now . ohkay i was gonna ask my mama to atleast try to fix fb but no
Still trying to find my way thru Law School!
The MT! family is slowly waking up this morning. First day of the #endoftheworldrap-tour. Looking at you Lawton, OK!
Curious: who is your favorite writer, skill-wise?
In ever field day picture my mom took I look dead..
Tigers> Yankees
damn girl! you're amazing!!
Don't underestimate a humble beginning ....
Academics are often ignorant of the discipline right next door.
And though my heart is torn I'll praise you in this storm
Wow radically different battle plans between Kyle and Augie. Both have sound reasoning. Guess it's up to execution. Exciting.
I want to go on a picnik
I'll add: don't be limited by fear. The fear in people's heads holds many back. Playing it safe doesn't make dreams come true.
Most people text when they get drunk... I'm pretty sure instagrams when he's drunk. Hahah
Lmao I have no problem with that.
Don't forget to bookmark this page - or add our Quote of the Day on your site or blog
hahahahha I was honestly wondering what the fuck you were talking about for a second haha
That movie is why my girlie friends and i cant go to vegas for my birthday..hubby says "NO". :( sad...lol
Since the Packers are playing the Seachickens this year, who is coming out here?!?!
Feel sorry for because of all the callers they're about to get who don't know about the statewide tornado drill
is a loser and can't stay up past 10 pm.
OK, it's definitely Evans. Crap.
Few more days until our Quad musical stylings! Come out to on Nov 1st!
Creepin from one group of friends to the next is something I do not trust.
dude, come back to LA!
RT : The December issue is posted online! Peruse December articles on the magazine page, or in our digital issue!......
Nothing will make me great. Only I can do that.
I just hope hope you don't use "methinks" in your inaugural review. [Reply is 19 hours late and he's not following me anyway.]
hahah did i tell you i went to the hospital today??
like the price is right.
Coming home to a home cooked meal>>>
being stuck in work w/o live stream, these bullet points are really helfpul! Cheers!
I just feel like a huge joke...
#OVOportland was phenomenal!
Hoes dont need no attention or love. Give em a place to stay fa the night, some green atleast a dub, and they'll be ready to fuk
hey baby......please follow me :) please
in Albany doing a great job of rerouting & keeping passengers informed after a cancelled flight to BWI.
Enjoying the company of others. Wknd was crazy! Malibu, cheviot hills, santa monica, long beach, and finally hermosa beach
Whoever came up with bubble gum coated in hard candy is a genius.m blow pops
Has anyone done an elimination diet to determine food intolerances and allergies? Any tips or insights? #elimination diet
Surprise sex ;)
i watched a grown man pick his nose and eat his booger today. and he didn't even seem to care that i saw.
Imma say this right now, Heat fans were mute all night...bet cats come out soon.
Last Monday before the break... CAN'T WAIT!!!
Need a few moments of peace in your day? Join us at noon each Wed for a 20 min meditative prayer service.. directions:...
whats Y.O.L.O. to a buddhist
I haven't woken up at 5:30 in a long time.
next show, the scene aesthetic =] sept. 12th with alot more tba
Ah! Beauty and Simplicity - What were we all doing in the era before responsive design?
yeah, unless it's some completely new character...but i think its her :)
I can already tell hoe this day is going to go. It just better not be like last Friday..
clearly, you don't understand how obsessed people are with LOLCats. "I am in your Android, cuting all the iconz"
RT : PLEASE call the Supreme Court NOW and tell them to give Troy Davis a stay of execution: 202-479-3000
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
Thanks man! Glad you liked it! The best is still to come! - The Storm
Hey #SLPeeps, check out now $10 OFF on the App Store for this weekend only! #AppyHolidays folks
Get in your last minute requests for tomorrows request only episode of the #patCAST!
I'm sorry but do people dance like this at weddings? This choreography doesn't like me at all.
No way to eliminate creepers.
Ashley doesn't have her license?
Did I see UW-Fox Valley was named Coach of the Year for the 3rd straight year? 70-10 record last 3 years...
Awesomeness runs through my bloodstream
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
" I may sparkle Honey, but you shine. "
Dang Joe Paterno just passed. :(
ahah lol yeah;) Its some challenge thing;) You're gonna come up pretty soon!<3 x
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.” - Unknown
Ushered in the new year singing Holiday in Cambodia on RockBand 3. All is right in the world.
Thx for the follow (:
How's everyone doing?!!
the only thing we all learned from mitt romneys taxes that we didn't already know...his real name is willard. who knew...
LYSM too princess' ♥ ♥
People who dress nice during this weather are just hurting themselves. I'm the most comfortable person here.
today's been great! (:
Gonna watch some Degrassi reruns with my little bro...this might be kinda awk :L
happy friday to :] love you baby girl. #ff xx
BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video January 17, 2011, 08:19 AM - BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video J.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
yes I did chauni... Like 2 weeks ago .... Sad story
Asdfghjkl. Horrible day.
I find it very hard to resist freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. If near they have a tendency to being eaten. Okay. Just this one.
Yo! If you're at South By Southwest in Austin come down to Opals Divine Freehouse 700 W 6th Drive! Sick bands all day we play at 1pm.
uh, I'll hope for you very hard! hey did you read the first wave? 10+k?
I get ADD in meetings over 20 minutes....
What's your name? Who's your daddy? Is he rich like me? Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live? #Idol #Phillip^2
Thanks for the RT! So appreciate it!
" There are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us." To Kill a Mocking Bird, P 215
#MyCelebCrushIs aaliyah R.I.p beautiful i could never forget yourr face =/.
Noisy red-crowned Amazons cleaning out cavities in palm last night - until crow menaced. One pooped on my head. Aww.
I predict 2 very good fights! We win no matter who get's their arm raised in victory.
This is why I endorse the Leonard Shelby solution: Never read your email
Anyone at the St. Pat's parade downtown? Show us your pics!
July 28,2010 the day me and Justin Bieber breathed the same air
What fits your busy schedule better, exercising one hour a day or being dead 24 hours a day? ~ Randy Glasbergen
New Years Eve!! Preparing to party today!
Heading into this Rep audition.
": ": Give me sum Dim Sum w/ "///shhhh. My wife might find out" She'll be alright. ;)
Everything is hitting me all at once... Israel, college, Ana moving back to Brazil... what a weird combination of emotions all at once. Ah
You're no longer just a memory
above all them wars.
Daniel Day Lewis isn't in enough films.
Eeeesh that's the worst. Shitty.
ha I'll bring you a trophy next time I see you #probablywonthappenthough ...GOOD LUCK THIS WEEKEND!!
I could go for a snow cone right about now.
Hello Guys
Great hike! Absolutely looking forward to my trip, too! We're leaving 5/30, camping 2 nights at BA and one at Cottonwood.
Six-year-old Abbigail Heisler, who lives in Artesia, cut off 11 inches of her hair for Locks of Love—to make wigs for children with no hair.
Things I don't expect - a SA Warhammer 40k thread erupts into baby photos. Fine, internet. You win.
Of course it's going to rain when we have school.. I want to wear cute outfits
Dear Drake, are you drunk right now? Sincerely, curious.
hot*pop @ 213 Broadway in the Third Ward! Huge group show hanging for one more week. Tons of great stuff.
I just found out about Cheap Damage at a con this weekend. Great work man! I also love to buy defunct card games.
could you please follow me
I've been waiting for this for 2 years and now that you're here I can't do it.
yes we are!
Wen you're tracher tells the class he use to be a pothead and start talking about all them Drugs o.o LOL
Composer Mark-Anthony Turnage swaps the concert hall for a category B jail with the premiere of a work written and performed with prisoners.
oh I'm sure they will
Hammond's Candies' new PB&J Chocolate Bar just won Most Innovative Chocolate product at
I can't really explain it im so into you now wanna be more then a friend to you now
On plane bound for Honolulu. I get to spend 8 hrs. seated next to an old man that smells of mothballs.
Al Green is pretty much the soundtrack for today.
Awesome! I've been in Redding, Ca for the last few months going to school... no clue yet where next.
how do I sign up to volunteer or work events in Orlando?
Eustress: stress that is healthful and the stimulus for growth.....
My brain is on vacay.
Spring Training is in the air in Arizona. Which baseball team is your favorite?
I like these guys who have drawn Finnish flags on their jumpsuits.
Dear Rae Lynn, close your mouth and legs, I'm offended. Also, I know you're from the country but here in the big city we change clothes.
Yeah looked my algebra and just decided it would be in my best interest to just close the book
RT : Tim Tebow and the Broncos' OT win over the Steelers means 's new favorite dish is crow!
By the way, Go Badgers & Golden Eagles!
yes but we'll have another during next week's game. please try again!
At work by myself yaaaay
Your Weird But Not Grand
i'm not allowed to tell -- it would mark me as the nerdiest person you knew. also, B&N would GET YOU.
We use #prediction markets to #crowdsource presidential election winners...what if we use them to identify #talent deep in org?
I stand with Walker....like reading u Tom!
too long to write. I'm trying to find you a link.
Seeking a Records Manager in #NJ with DARM experience. Contact me for details!
meaning? You're gonna be like a spider and stalk me?
I was just curious. Seems to hit a nerve with a lot of people. My child bearing years are behind me so no creepy u/s pics from me.
"Ur dreams are ur paints, the world is ur canvas. Believing, is the brush that converts ur dreams into a masterpiece of reality.”— Unknown
the day looks so nice ! to bad im gonna be stuck at work till nine thirty -.- atleast today is PAYDAY! :D
How fucking sweet of you
Shut The Fuck UP!
Toga-filled home video #pimplefacedshame from - "I have a perfect bed for you. It fits everyone perfect."
...Phil & Joba been unsuccessful with the whole try to be a starter thing so...<Let MR PHELPS be...chg cud mess him up too...
my vanilla milkshake at American City Diner.
"PRINCE! GET SOME MINTS, PRINCE!" (the hashtag Don Lily Approves needs to be a thing, because it's awesome.)
have a great visit!
Thank you for the wise words! Be well.
You are right… it is Super Dave! Funniest thing about that dude, his real last name is Einstein. heh.
Free WIFI and I don't see any monochrome monitors. Austin Municipal court is getting all modern.
May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift
first flight: 26 min
Thankfully 's JV girls basketball team won tonight. Made up for the tanking it in Dallas.
marsh creek
I think (hope) he was on a bender with Lawrence Tierney.
Have a blessed ash Wednesday ! I'm in nyc by the way.
Hey, somebody's gotta set the standard, right?
How is someone more talkative and interesting through texts but when it comes to talking, theyre #blah ...
been hot here too high 92 sent you a Dm.
Spring hopes eternal. Happy Opening Day.
Never mistake my silence for weakness. . . No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Now I know, and knowing is half the battle ...
it's called fossil farms by walmart kinda
We have a new OpenVPN(SSL) server ready - vpn-sw2 server in Amsterdam. It's available in your customer area now.
so whenever I don't work a billion hours I'm visiting Nathan.
party tonight was on point..wish I could've stayed until the end but the ride home seems longer at 4am!! congrats fellas...
Quitting is like that band that no one used to follow and now everyone does.
My mom left me in the car eating McDonald's listening to Mb cd
I'm good what are you doing for st.valentines day. Me I'm spending alone just as I have for 4 years in a row.
Congratulations! Must see #ACrossToBear on ~ Solomon
nigga cryin bout it. Even though he landed that shit!
Have you TRIED our cake pops yet??? Yep, gonna keep talkin about em until you do....... :)
I'll drink to that. Having some Pinot Grigio. Early Sunday supper in my Midwest home.
Happy Mothers Day
Hello, Indiana Iron Skillet!
I'm at the park & the BBQ smells are driving me crazy!
in Florida at the Seminole Hard Rock Casino tonight. Can't wait for the VIP meet and greet
...actually, now that I think about it, I have 2 published poems. The other has to do with me eating an orange.
and u know this, man
Its dark outside, my eyes were closed, and twitter was in my face
got a problem? take a bath
Band rehearsal was AMAZZIIING last night. I'm getting so excited about our show September 1st @ Viper Room. BE THERE!!!!
Wisconsin black girls traumatized my perspective
I think it would be cool to be a "mechanic"
Of course, I miss u guys:-)
Maybe it's just me.. but I can't look at my teacher in the eyes.. so damn creepy.
If I have Mrs.Foster next year, I will honestly kill myself.
im chilling i just want to know
Why are my students obsessed with the Dougie beat, such that they must drum it on any available surface? Why is it the only beat they know?
choiroffuries I've just been looking at beer from tesco's, Corona is on offer till tomorrow which is the same for most of the deals!
good to have u there RT : #vol2012 - learning about health care from Chicago Obama HQ -
it is the best at their show for that!!
Harrison in for Youngs
I took out my extensions guys. C:
Last night I went to bed hungry..I dreamed I was eating m&m's.. but when I woke up my teddy bear was missin his eyes!
did u see it??
ok, if nothing else, come over to the house sometime and watch shitty tv at 1am. But let us know if you do something tomorrow!
I've met more science majors in the past 3 days than I have in the past 3 years.
In Soviet Russia Santa Claus sits on you.
I want to be the girl that you give your to jacket to when it's cold, the one that you tell your friends "That's my girl." <3
thanks. Looks under control
What do you mean?
I really feel bad for the folks who didn't stay past the credits for the Avengers. I mean it's a Marvel film, don't you know the drill?
Thanks for the response, enjoyed the panel tonight at V Lounge.
Congratulations, France!
Going to lock myself inside to edit on this beautiful sunny LA day.
spent 3 hours at home this weekend, total need sleep
Bettah Have My Money
You know it buddy! Keep your eyes peeled.
FYI thousands of Chinese youth train in large Kung Fu schools because they want to be the next Jackie Chan and bring great honor to China
$12.00 Tuesday is here!! Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade. Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 More!!!!!
thanks for the taxi ride to the airport! definitely recommended!
Lol naw idk how randall got that info foreal like I remember the psn name but I don't know if I said it or not y
I pray that everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
besides these allergies kicking my ass, pretty well!
Just got game of thrones for kindle!
Happy Friday! New all red wine tasting kicks off today with 3 CA & 1 Oregon wine. New wines open today with happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy.
Would you ever follow me even if I'm a guy??
Who's going to today!?
just got a HORRIBLE nose bleed! </3 when I see see blood I want to pass out!
If I remember, I don't think we had bad weather game last year. Most of the games had nice weather, lots of sunny days. Who needs a dome
Sorry I couldn't make it to #SSL2012 say hi to
thanks 4 follow stud
All bus-related sarcasm aside, whaddawe gotta do to get miss jing down here? ONE OF US. ONE OF US.
tired as fudge! good-night yalll :) xx
that's nice <3
Agreed! Let the brand managers control the platform elements
75 percent of Japanese women own vibrators. The global average is 47 percent.
So much fun. Also, thanks for the MeFi account. I need to hurry up and graduate so I can spend more time there.
Need some last minute gifts? Give me a call & we'll make you something special! 303-454-8844
sign me up!
yes, i love it here :)
Stop what your doing, follow this moment and tweet #GetEbenTo15k atleast once! Gotta support my main man :P haha
The honour is all mine! You're amazing. I feel very fortunate.
flipping through the channels last night...found the ACM Awards...throw a rock through my TV set...my god...modern country sucks!
2 Days Until #MLB Opens up the #2012Season!! We have big things coming up with our app.
RT : Actually if I reach 2000 Followers by midnight I'll keep BONGing | PLEASE UNC friends! The bell tower gives me such joy!
We all made it to Normal Illinois safe and give thanks, Heartland Community College here we come!
Does everyone believe in love?
Thanks for the RT of my RT! Dr. is Texas' New Physician delegate. New to Twitter, but a seasoned leader!
Did anybody see that news story about the rhino poaching problem last night?
Needs to get busy on Twitter!
I'm ready when you're ready . Let's go (:
Are you ever coming back to MIA?
first girl I've ever known to admit that
advice from my cousin dawn, one of the wisest people i know: "just be there".
feeling great and you?!! Come visit sandiego
making amber a twitter. ❤ #iloveher!
also getting 5-8 pairs of cavs on saturday
This TCU/baylor game is sick
Get your copy of Employee Development on a Shoestring signed this afternoon 5:45-6:15 at the #astd2012 bookstore. Looking fwd 2 connecting!
okay so let me just tell you that Looking for Alaska made me literally sob for days.
where is when you need him the most :'(
DON'T TELL ME THESE THINGS, SIGNE.
love you
Hi sorry we're so late to answer. We're no longer on the hunt for python programmers, but thank you for your interest.
I kind of love oatmeal. Is that what "gruel" is? Because, if it is, I would be happy to eat gruel every morning.
Absolutely, will look for your DM! We love Atlanta too! :) Where are you from?
ok well call me so we can talk
Just finished w/group of MS students in OH. One girl is writing songs and formed a band to get the word out about Belonging. She's a Hero.
ooc; Dm'd you. Dragging too much attention.
Looking for some informational resources for an upstart church. Any one got a lead?
This weekend I'm just trying to chill go to the movies n make this money
So close on the first single being finished! Anyone want to hear it early? Check yes if you think it's so damn good - check no if yes.
The day we see the truth and cease to speak is the day we begin to die. Martin Luther King #occupywallstreet RT
when it starts getting hot outside & people start acting a fool
My little nephew he's like 1 my sister said he was planking :D
It helps to hear it every time. Keeps me reminded that I can overcome obstacles!
can you teach me how to dougie?? :)
Bout to chief one, then set up diz laptop my girl got me for my birthday!!!
Need my daily tooasst..
Book lovers never go to bed alone. - Anonymous
Good morning Philly, #Kayuhbicycles will be at Temple University's Spring Fling flea market event from 11am to 4pm today. YEAH!!
We've got a great giveaway for our 100th follower... and for our first! But no mention of the prizes 'till we hit 100...
yeah well, im crossing my fingers
Ohh and pictures don't lie. & several eyewitness accts who don't know each other don't just make up the same story either..
When I began my morning prayers about 3 years ago with I had no idea they would grow into what they've become.
The Academy Award goes to...
HOW I"M SUPPOSE TO FILL WHEN THE PRESIDENT SPOKE, HE AIN"T NEVER HAVE 2 STRUGGLE, HE AIN"T NEVER BEEN BROKE, AINT NEVER RODE THRU THE GHETT
Whaddup big bro!!
In hair and makeup w/ James and Emily! My hair almost burned!
Having to say my final goodbyes really sucks balls!!!
Glad to meet you!!! Happy holidays! :-)
Good to see Martin having a good game.
I love my girlfriend . She deserves a big ring!!!!
Congrats Dan!
i miss the grind :(
I love so so so much!!!!!! My hero <3 Its my dream to meet him and has been for the past 4 years!!
#imjustinrose...espn. I feel something special, today will be a great day for
just did </3
My old iPhone be on that shit. Trying to listen to it on the bose but it's being a real douchebag.. to the highest degree of douchebaggery.
taco bell is Gods gift to mankind
Baseball at its purest.
How do you convince yourself to do something you were told not to do.
38 degrees in Beaverton right now...
We know you're ready, sir! See you on 4/14?
It's #Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
WORK: heading to a local basement to get familiarized with a 1" IVC video deck that might just unlock charlottesville cable access history
thank you :) that's nice to say
who calls people anymore!?
because you are awesome
I can't believe that -- and did you notice it's made by a stationery company?
pepe needs a hug
consider me a Stoli on this one as I don't do either of those things.
- Very cool! As in, you guys put it on? Or, 1st you went to?
the image he displays for most to see and how he is as a person... He is the worst man. I enjoy his music, but fuck him.
Time to get my drink on. Hopefully I can stick around the bar to watch most of the tribe game.
breathing fire like a dragon.
lol I figured as much. U heading back to NoNiggaVille tonight? Lol
do you ever wish you could still talk to the evil people's grandchild?
it'll be in July but I'll have some firm dates nailed down soon & let you know!
I live 5 minutes from now....mayb il get get to see him more, ive missed him dearly
hope you slept well, ad enjoy the rest of your day sweetheart. Blessings
Just over an hour left to get your application in for 2012 accelerator. Deadline is today at noon EST.
Enough of John Bale and Phillip Stubbes... It's time for Escape from New York--which, inexplicably, I've never seen.
Nice! No, sadly I'm missing that last week (I'm helping Mike Widener with a workshop at the Amer. Asso. of Law Librarians)
Snow in the northeast, great for watching the games...
Based on "bios," Tom is less of a $$ drain: $1K+ a mo.!!! (*sizzle sound*) vs. gluttonous speedeater.
Prayers for everyone at Western Psych. I graduated with a few nurses who work there.
you right
Hey , how are you supposed to change your email on a new account when you make a mistake? There is no way to confirm your account.
Well, that's reassuring.
I usually go to the middle school
the minibosses just came up on a king crimson pandora station. how unexpected
Cluttered desk? You could be spending an average of 1 1/2 hrs being distracted by things. That's approximately 7 1/2 hrs per work week.
I miss glitter glue.
Never been to Sweden either. Much to see! We have islands on our agenda this year. Gotta love the beach!
I was thinking of just that one!
One more hour :D
Dear offense, pay attention to defense for tips on how to catch the ball
Yum! Where? RT : Oh no. Yatz has opened a new location in Carmel.
lol you listen to that to much.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Watching The 10 Commandments from start to finish.
GOOD TO BAISED, THANK YOU
Thanks for the honest critique. It is a big issue, I'm thinking hard on how to solve it and looking for the right data.
New segment today on called Poker Roulette. Think ChatRoulette with a poker pro but without the penises.
you can shit on 58% of them at least, regardless of where you've lived.
fine forget you then -.-
TODAY 11-2 RAIN OR SHINE Lunchtime Food Truck Gathering. #HHDSD - Trucks:
AMBER WE BOTH REPLY TO THE SAME PEOPLE LOL
nah I'm good
Who else thinks that, well, Austin looks older without braces
Squeeze in the second inning? Really?
Too busy to care about #prayforjapan. I'm trying to figure out which employee to make cry today.
I'm actually sick
I saw that too!
looks cute in his twitcon. (':
#team83 is the center of the Oregon Duck fan universe on my TL. Is there a parallel Duck fan universe I don't know about?
I completely agree. "Discovery" I think diminishes the overall value.
Moving again...that means new friends,new people,new place...O-well -.-
I'm Fenna Smash This Fish And Chicken + Tropical Punch Kool Aid Doe !
Hill Harper is a modern day renaissance man & speaks out against mass incarceration in his new book.
Any song requests for tonight's show folks?
One more game comin up in a lil less than an hour, trying to be #3-0 on the day!
Host your next private luncheon overlooking milwaukees skyline. .
In Wycombe shopping with my cousin :).
remember that one time that you tweeted? Ya... That was fun.
i been good jus got back home from school last friday.
"A risk with an assured outcome is not a risk. That is simply you playing small in your life." ~ Katherine Woodward Thomas
my pleasure!!:D
impressed by at #CT #Comm_College econ summit. "economic reality means tough questions about #college mission" risky for access
#confession i think im falling :) in a gud way :P
That shouldn't have even remotely been considered an alternative to our final haha
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw the process provides opportunity to negotiate marital and post-nuptial agreements.
Fi/T (G) = M Focused intensity over time multiplied by God equals unstoppable momentum - Dave Ramsey
True. But Brees knows Payton's system. Payton was the brains, but as long as Brees is healthy its the same system.
But anyways lunch time in 10 mins go get me sum McDeath LOL and relax todays a melo day for me in my Rick Ross mode
I've finally gone through the change. I had no idea of how to do a directory listing in Windows, but I do it in Linux all the time.
I will agree that it was unjust that you missed it while certain eastern conf teams got in. But that's all I'm giving you.
It's too bad #TeamCeelo is so stocked! I want them both to make it.
Most adorable girl talking about science and Girl Scouts at Council.
When I turn 16, Justin will be 17 for a solid 4 months. Fuck. Yes. Bitches.
Great night with and a whole table of smart cool people. Thanks for a great evening folks!
oh man! (Melissa blushing)
Met two interns from Germany and first thing they said to me in their very thick accents.. "You guys know how to drink" What a compliment.
RT Diet: a real struggle to keep on track, hard to understand why scoff stuff, think I need more exercise to keep this going.
Aleem Walji of the is the star of this show at #techatstate. Saying important stuff
BEFORE I SELF DESTRUCT,THE MOVIE BY 50 CENT. IT'S A GOOD MOVIE TO CHECK OUT.
can't wait to see you at #ALA12 in June!
We will be Re-Launching the last Sunday of this month. 6pm-10pm 5$ donation to get in! Come experience a great event in Chicago.
Wait until the kids discover they can use an aerosole to get drunk quicker.
how u doing tosh!?
Home from the gym ! Gonna eat and than relax before bed !
Backwash is straight up nasty! Save yourself the yuck and stock up on #Tampico20oz!
I'm kidding you're fake tan rubbed off on me ahahahahaahah!
