You're just in Seattle.
shut up
congrats Beth! What a huge accomplishment!!!
brie won't hold my hand :(((((( le cries
please follow me your gorgeous and I love you on
The weathers beautiful outside...
Wondering when Jack Frost is planning to leave town...
Is it the same Jesse that used to be at Tony & Guy in the Galleria - trying to track her down!
“: Dude. #GIRLS is the best. is a goddess.” It is pretty much made of everything awesome.
that's a fabulous idea! I'll let be in touch after I get back from Jerz ;)
me nd my 2 friends r watching it
so you never wanna txt back lol
hey woman how are you? i woke up so late im trying to catch up cant you tell? ... lol
J Squared's going to the Dove Awards tonight...HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE TOO!
Yay! RT : Startups Day One complete! Wouldn't be here w/out the backing of
What nonsense from the NFL.
It's a terrible feeling waking up after a three day weekend knowing you still have school work to get done before tomorrow
Pappa's teaching the boy how to drive the tractor. Love it when he comes home early.
{Winks sweetly } Hey Darlin' how are you today?
More than 150 guests are at Stritch today for Campus Visit Day. Welcome! We're happy to have you!
The pizza place in question is about 5 blocks from me. I heard about it via good old fashioned flyer in mailbox I think. Or word of mouth?
I wanna borrow that tweet
New U.S. claims for unemployment benefits fell slightly last week but a trend reading rose to its highest since January.
Cheerr with or soccer with .. Which one ?
lubb u stinky butt
That sounds so good
At a Dominican hair salon, I hope they understand me when I say ONLY CUT MY TIPS.. -_-
best part is that all those tweets my two roomates playin madden on xbox lol
Anyime Curtis, Anytime!
I follow back!!!
Woo! Thanks for helping to get the word out!
Restaurant owners... What is your biggest question or concern about using social media our mobile marketing to promote your restaurant?
Fucking bullshit that's all you speak!
lol you know ! How are you?
All I want to do is go to sleep.. Is that too much to ask
So glad I got to spend most of my day with <33
go back to sleep
Warmer. Get some Stan Getz 45s & we'll see.
Rock on, Betsy. Thanks for the follow and for ALL that you've done to bring #skateboarding to !
can't wait to start my second job :D
Wish I could be there RT 9/29 Jill Lepore on "The King James Bible in a Country without a King" open to public; $15/tix
lmao last night was funny as hell
nah ! Well .. Is that i havent sleept since yesterday because i forgot my pills in miami
My girlfriend likes to talk to me during sex...last night she called me from a motel
Just for comparison: KenPom had USC at 53 last year and has UW at 66 this year.
how ripped were you coming into that exam? I was dying
Cleveland midday 586
The Tavern will not have Trivia this Tuesday due to the Denver Nuggets playoff game vs. the LA Lakers. Please join us: GO NUGGETS—BEAT LA!!
oh eu adoptaria-a :)
I just love to
i get migraines too and my neurologist wants me to start botox therapy, once insurance allows me to.
It's okay dearie. I have 2 amazing kids and am a lot stronger because of it all. :)
: "We don't have any current plans to support Blackberry, including Playbook." > I am so glad I already canceled my membership.
can't dm you back until you follow
The Shadow! What a nose!!
is it bad that I'm already packed for the beach? haha
"Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality."
I love haters
Elias: The Heat lost to the Magic on Tuesday despite scoring 20 unanswered points in the second quarter.
I'm not mad ... I just feel like someone should know lol
Doooooogggg ": Niggas try to get at me"
If your left hand is 1 key to the left, you type aww instead of see. Aww that's cute.
There's just something wrong about being a VIP at a metal concert! Oh well, the food is delicious.
Happy New Year to All-team, clients, content partners, friends and colleagues and the world of potentials!
RT - The Cleveland Indians have the worst logo in the history of organized sports. "Offensive" doesn't even come clo...
- now I am curious. Tell me, who are you?
My party pants are more than ready! Can't wait to see you guys. Holla!!
Ham Bone puts the #Twins up 1-0.
I take some of the longest showers ever, how could you not its such a stress releiver :)
Our Newark office is open today 8-5. ALL new patients receive 30% off glasses. 110 High St 315.331.5721. Hope to see you there!
That is unfortunate.
The IRS tell me I forgot about the Making Work Pay Tax Credit on my tax return. Thanks, but why make it so complicated?
whats for lunch?
That song blessed by Jill Scott is so aggravating.
lol sorry bro :/
swam this morning at 5 bout to go do it again
ATTENTION Porn Stars on Twitter no one cares about the shit you do during the day. we just wanna see the nude and fuck pics you post!
#Walter is Adorable!! I have 2 elderly hospice dogs of my own. I am honored to spend the end of their life with them!
Let me know if you want to attend a fundraiser for/with Elizabeth Warren tomorrow at a Takoma Park home. I'll fwd you invite.
idk why ! You're dumb ass 😁 owe me $20
Do you want stability or freedom?
Don't think because you choose God everything is going to be perfect.God had haters too!So expect opposition,but know He'll see you through.
ight im done
Yeah, I got there late and was sitting towards the back. It was much more interesting than I thought it would be.
I'm down for whatever let's get a crew
“: You cannot get the butt you want by sitting on it :P”
: "We need to talk about retiring those teachers", and investing in infrastructure. Yes!
Don't even know who you are anymore
Chamber of Commerce celebrates local schools - Stow Sentry
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG
Lookin forward to it!
I'm sick of you .
Good morning (:
was there a mention of us? i can't find it.
Come on, good music, gotta jump around Ash!
#IB just die already
Reaching out to other people carries divine power!
yo we're tryin to record to that beat but it's kinda slow. Do u have anything faster?
Dolby fits in perfectly with and the #oscars. Glad the months of hand-wringing and wild speculation are over.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
too bad I cant retweet you.
: Fear is a way we sabotage our dreams because we often forget that we are capable of achieving whatever we want, of doing whatever we want.
I don't want the reporter to be dead... I liked him!
Going to breakfast. Oatmeal with fruit is the best breakfast!
With just right touch of backspin, you can properly bounce it off the ground and back onto your head.
should've been double T. LeBron throwing that bow. Ball don't lie!
I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine. Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all.
My eyes, my eyes! *blinking rapidly*
I use to love Russell Westbrook...now I hate em lol lbs.
why are you still up? #youshouldbein bed
if you could go back in time, what year would it be?
Thankfully it worked out for them. Not so much for the family in my story tomorrow night.
sooner or later you will have to change your stance
Since then I've kept busy with side projects while I search for the next thing.
Yep. But I want it clear that misogynistic crap is bad politics, and any humoring of it will result in humiliating defeat.
I just signed up for adCause, a cause based twitter ad network. Check it out at www.adcause.com
Aw ima tell him u said it lmao jp
Soon they will be avaible in stores as of right now only through www.SnoClothing.com Thank you for your interest.
Haha RT Prehistoric feathers were found trapped in amber.Hopefully someday scientists will open atheme park of cloned duvets.
I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday.....
AAU coaches who use their kids to benefit them <<<<< trying to help the lil homies is the only reason I do what I do
everyday I get on twitter in hopes you will follow me and today is no different
I don't have one, but I have done the research. I don't think it's worth it.
my kids scream when they see bugs except ladybugs. My 4 yo calls it "my friend."
Just watched a homeless woman pull out a palette & beat her face on the 4/5
#hump day already...... opening night tonight....love coming home and watching baseball!
It takes courage to step outside & go against the grain. Big risk = Big payoff
Having a great bitching session with LOVE IT!
Well, at least you got a nice meal at the Asian Grill. We kept refreshing your updates that night until we fell asleep!
Waking up to my last Johnstown morning. Lawrence County, Plum to follow later in the week.
Nope! We'll pick a name at the PCA office & announce it via Facebook tomorrow. will hand out the pass. Details TBA.
oh no you don't have to!
I would be the happiest mom if you chose me so I can see my girls' lovely smiles
Belt, Pill, Sanchez make Giants roster
Hm....what will I eat tonight? So many #DTSS choices!
Newt Gingrich is a TRUE patriot! RT Have you tweeted your favorite #Reagan moment yet? Death to Obama! Love ya Cally!
Totally stuck at Detroit airport - think I'm gonna take this fun red train back and forth from the terminals though...
what is your opinion on taking spontaneous cross country trips? #thisisimportant :)
thanks for the tweet. Don't know how you felt listening to that convo, but I was really inspired
You know you're single when you order $35 worth of Domino's just for yourself.
has me reading James 1 "Consider it pure joy whenever u face trials b/c you know that the test develops perseverance...'
PB Ale House will be part of WaZillo, great meeting...!
Current word count: 2514. Today's goal: 3314.
“: just laughed out loud” I love SMG and their smoking hot employees!!!!
I love hugs :D
I hope your mother is going to be ok. And conservatives have been nice long enough.
you rock!!
right now I am abusing my twitter privileges, and I'm aware of that
"America is all about speed. Hot, nasty, bad ass speed." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Fuck the dress code
About to get this morning workout in...getting back in MMA shape
Not a good start.
Thanks Jordan! Tiny Danza is awesome.
It's highly doubtful that people in actual rodeos ever say, "this ain't my first rodeo."
Hanna looks up to No. 82 - San Antonio Express (blog)
My mom just brought me a Frappuccino. I love her ❤❤
I sware to god I tierd of all this damn drama #drama:(
shared the article this morning. Sounds like I should lay off the headstand and learn handstand instead!
VIA Dos. We are populating. The logo is up. A search button that finds nothing. Enjoyment for most, but not all.
We just listed some Automotive Decals like Mallory, Hurst, Hays, Accel and Mr.Gasket for just $1.50 each on our online store. More 2come.
Arts and culture, this is the education that drives our dreams. The world we see is the world we actualize
haha like come on I could deal with a Clark jersey but Not Stokley
"Midnight In Paris" is now at $43.5 and still being shown on 621 screens. It's a top-10 film with the highest % gross increase yesterday.
Today is one of three nice days in new york! lol
the CAT OPENS THE DOOR BY HERSELF!?!? Amaze.
i had my partner daydreams4rock hit your sub -- get on there with comment n hit some likes is good karma - lets do more
you know I am kidding boy!
I see yet another GOP debate is scheduled for tonight. Good thing, too; I was starting to get the shakes.
AH HAPPY BIRTHDAY SYD!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!
Want to be better? Surround yourself with better. #topfament 410.513.9199
RT : #ifOnly people don't change
next sat my dude, cinco de mayo. Philly.
Not a good morning for J, not a good morning for the rest of us
New G+ iPhone app still sucks.
I know I'm slightly late on this but RIP Davy Jones. You were always an awesome Day Dream Believer!
Make use of your library. It Is free and expands your mind. Pick Up a book today!
Happy birthday to Fivel!!
BREAKING NEWS: Fred Thompson Endorses Newt Gingrich to No One In Particular
If u think Obamas a Muslim intent on instituting Shria Law perhaps u would like 2 purchase1 of my patented tinfoil hats
Just had the butterbeer at Harry Potter's here at Universal. Sweet and yummy. Like cream soda with marshmallow!
Life is crazy...
Would that be a fatty or a chubby?
Um. Chris Bieber or whoever he is does nto look like Justin. You can't copy Justin's flawless face uh good bye.
Today ATL, tomorrow Panama...need some sleep!
. kicks off the New Year at #ClosetSundays (Jan 1st)
Paving work expected to tie up traffic on NW 185th this week between West Union and Westview H.S...work today is 8:30 - 3:30.
Utah's Sen. Orrin Hatch faces primary challenge - Boston Herald
Leave it to the first of the month for nazi Evan to come out. Lol. Fuckkkkk.
Tomorrow Mercury stations direct in Pisces; April 13th Mars stations direct in Virgo. Lots of action for the mutable signs this month!
My dog is a whore , I just can't look at her the same way after she fucked some random ass stray dog
I just made a song now I need a beat to qo with it
“: Tony D 370# x2 bench press 2 board with a pause” what?thats ridiculous
The key to looking young isn't some magical cream or a machine. It's working out! Sweat clears your poors of all the BS and you look younger
there a replay coming on?
I can't listen to one song without it bringing back unwanted memorys..
Fantastic meal tonight w the family! Wish you had build your own pizza on Saturdays for kids:-)
Anyone bringing their pup to Champagne&Sugar? Ours is gonna get doggie bag. cc:
you got "Went The Day Well" 25/1 odds
In the mood to eat something green. I think I'll make delicious greens and beans with red kale tonight!
Glad NPR just gave a nod during their piece on ukuleles. Ukulele power ftw!
YAY! That's awesome!!..make sure to play some Britney songs in my memory too!:)
RT : A small town with a big mountain—and a personality to match—Taos always offers something out of the ordinary....
I have choices! Tomorrow night, should I go see or ?
Edward won't mind you coming to live with us for a while, You and EJ could hang out more that way -smiles-
Happy Ending? There are no happy endings. Endings are the saddest part, So just give me a happy middle. And a very happy start. -Shel S.
“: Good because I've been going through swag withdrawal.” swag u didn't pickup? Lol
haha. Love that you needed to clarify. We Buffalonians are ridiculously sensitive.
I must have those cupcakes
So if it's the relative minor then we can start on 1 min, right? In other words make 3 in a major key into 1 in a min key
Down to be mine?
what's up girl.. So sad that the Detroit Shock left, my hometown.. :(
Great attitude! Happy Mother's Day!
i don't get it? and he's always looking good in
I'm sure of it.
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc. Make it part of your day. Sneak it in:...
Oh JAH, Thank you for everything that you have given to me & thank you for everything that you have NOT given to me. RASTAFARI! ~Selah
even floral on floral! I always remember to have varying size of the same print!
Back from several hours of tracking down obscure stuff at the library.
It's not everyday you dance to Kenny loggins with your Chief Operating officer
I promise I wouldn't steer you wrong! ;-)
#TellMeIfYouDown to learn new #makeup #tips ! Follow us! #retweet ( must be following )
Awesome service now back to work to deliver food.
Damn Money...this train can't be derailed! I hope Pac Man keeps on running from you because he doesn't stand a chance!
“: i'm hungry....i stay hungry...i should be fat with the way i eat smh.” me too
We'll help you out the best we can! :)
Interesting. A colleague and I using Firefox 9.0.1 have noticed Google results using the secure httpS. Tested in Safari & it's http.
Yes! I'll be at #paycon. Can't wait!
strong customer relationships are starting to provide fruit to many tables. it's a great day in our Motor City.....
text me brown I lost URL number
I'll find a way
what happened?D:
so true r u goin back to sleep
Since such games and websites are used by several corporations, they would be paid huge for their specialty
it was xD hahaa gotta love Tim Burton and Johnny Depp! Lol
That AWESOME feeling when you reconnect with old friends.. MAN i'm so excited!!... and I'm texting a GUY.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
is having a contest for a FREE 2ounce bottle of HCG! Details on their FB page www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
At Heros Lounge in Dallas TX right now about to do the REGISTRATION for the upcoming $500 Talent event here on Fri. Feb. 17th!
What is this?
I like the view from here I'm so high I can't see you from here
thanks! I'll keep an eye out for it.
30th annual Fayetteville Dogwood Festival comes to a close
Random News: Priyanka Chopra to be brand ambassador of Garnier
This guy Skrilecks is only famous because everyone who listens to him is too young to realize he looks like Corey Feldman
Kids, if you don't know who Garrison Keillor is... ask your Grandparents.
CD? What's that?
Jenny Lewis tonight!
Self Education>>>
He holds onto her memory, all it is is a memory.
Lebron and Durant are statistically even. But who do you want with the ball with a minute left? No brainer, Durant.
TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings #MYKKOMONTANA LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(e
Follow artists and
nah I'm good
We have a "Super Line" sighting: 8-19-28.
I have a bad habit of not putting clothes away and tossing them on my floor. My apartment is very clean, my room.. not so much
Just typed iDeal by instinct. What have you done Apple…
Candidate for Membership, running unopposed: Rebecca Sader. Platform: Social involvement of GSA members, variety of activities.
PS3 & Xbox360 comparisons are missing a key element. A joystick. I have yet to play iOS game that responded 100% w/ virtual directional pad.
Also I have to pee.
Morning has been kins warm lately
#sleepisoverated. Or is it?
My mirror thinks im a model , and my camera thinks im a troll -___-'
made it in my school yearbook! You look great girl.
how are the kids #markruffalo ? are the allright?
up and coming photographers interested building an excellent diverse portfolio contact , please spread the word.
1990s Joe Montana could build a time machine and offer to play for the Jets next year. Fans would say nope, we want Sanchez
my mom won't let me do anything this weekend /:
Perhaps I'll list "learn to reposition GPS satellites with my mind" as a goal, just to see if anyone's paying attention.
No. Didn't see that. And you provide me no link. Off to The Google.
Three of my all time favorite shows r Heroes,Touch,and Victorious.
nothing I'm about to hit the.sheets
I just wish more Black Indie filmmakers develop Black dynamic characters.
also M.j. in CAPTAIN E.O. and THE WIZ
“: Wild stat from ESPN research: In last 75 North Carolina-Duke games, the score is Duke 5,858, UNC 5,857.” - crazy!
DO NOT get caught trying to be a #woman in #Texas. It's rough for the ladies everywhere, but damn.
No home runs tonight! #Brewers 9th
Return to Forever!!! Yes sir
RT : We think you'll <3 the article by in HuffPost @ the generosity of the translation industry:...
Q4 #libchat i ask because it seems like the part of the world i'm falling into ... not at all regrettably ...
saw the R/GA bus today... cool stuff...
#TradHome #AADLA thank you! Table will be on display thru Sun. is fantastic!
He's tremendous. RT I hear and I think early 1990s Springfield Indians. Great play-by-play.
terrible! NBA stars used to compete in this....
Free garden tours guided by our expert staff TOMORROW at 10 am and 1 pm. Meet at Visitors Center! cc
Folks kill me calling my phone private like I cnt unblock Yo #
kobe goin the f.ck off
yo I heard you like xzibit so I put xzibit in your exhibit so you can exhibit xzibit while you exhibit xzibit
Getting Kindi itchy for this #brewers cardinals series to get going! Pretty sure we can get 2 outta 3 for sure...
How about just talking to YOUR constituents and being honest - if you must tweet just realize it's public and be yourself
I knew this ten before I knew of the bren. For me this is the original ten.
I wonder what Matt Smith is doing right now
Win a TAPE CLUB Cassette and LP or CD from at ModernMysteryBlog.com!!! Enter by 10/12!
Happy New Years everyone! See you in
#MyBiggestFlaw - I sing in the shower, sometimes I volunteer too much, occasionally I'll hit someone with my car. So sue me
I actually didn't know what you were doing with spoilers I just wanted to try lol
Thoroughly enjoying our jammies day, my little cuddle bug needed to catch up on rest as much as me apparently. Let's have another nap!
Good morning, #SFSU! What's your favorite hump day treat?
thanks! On it
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Scary Tits
I don't. How bout I Twitter introduce you like a fully stereotypical IT nerd :D? You guys can decide if you want to email, etc.
On Friday will be chatting w/ about censorship of the internet. Tune in at 11AM CST on
Wow...I don't know what to think of that.
lol just say no!
Do my ears deceive me or did Dick Bremer just say its about time to cut Trevor Plouffe?
We're fans of the canals with #46for46 murals! RT : My favorite place to take a walk/run Downtown ________________?
I'm just saying there's a lot of OF better at the plate than Markakis. He might be better than all of them in field tho
Screw Atlantico Rum..... Dewars 12 is where it's at!
I'm defeated before we even begin.
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!! And I get a tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <33
Got a tablet but couldnt afford the cover. So I wrap it in my sweatpants. haha
We wish all the Mothers, a happy MOTHERS DAY Cheers!!!!! Breakfast in Bed a Mustk kids...
snapping turtles?
Inspired and motivated to be rooted in Detroit.
Have you heard of Cheat ? Amazing stuff at www.xyngular.com/samc
I'm glad you enjoyed this holiday that is definitely all about you! #you'resomaternal
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com
you are in for such a treat!!
don't tweet! Or else your mentions is gonna be like 1000 and u wouldn't be able to see my tweet! Please follow me(:
haha just a little bit
GO REQUEST 'S SINGLE 11:11 ON YOUR LOCAL RADIO STATION!!!!!
You shouldn't be thrilled MT We were thrilled with Cantor's 60 Mins episode
D.R.A.M.A. = D-umb R-etards A-sking for M-ore A-ttention
HappY sundaY All:))
thanks! Your tour was a great part of it!
#sixwords - God made you just for me
for sure Idk when your bday is but I turn 21 next month if your going to be old enough you should come if not ill come to urs
they both are
RT : catch at echelon 3000 with ladies free all night
No, it's something I refuse to do. To me it means the job is not a good fit and & won't reinvent myself for each opening.
Needless to say my dreamscapes are awesome :-)
what do you think? RT : Would you want to text the Oregon Symphony? Or,receive text alerts from us?
Just did week 5, day 2 of #c25k with !
Again, pitching is not our prob right now, spotty hitting is! Maybe its just not our year?
Thanks for stopping! Hope you had a good time
It's ironic: #ChristianConseratives we're concerned might B a closet Muslim...now they R willing 2 nominate a #Mormon?
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd
That's tight ! Where was this at?
yes fool ! Who tf else lol
Hope you are all safe and sound #eqnz in New Zealand – Following from Milwaukee Wisc. USA
There are 20 angels in this world: 10 sleeping, 9 Playing ... And One Reading This ... :) ♥
Did really just bring out a mil like that!? Shit! #MoneyTeam 💰💰💰
DITTO! RT ALL THREE. RT Breakfast, lunch or dinner? Which is your favorite meal to eat while drinking Tampico?
22 followers to go til we hit 4,000. RT to help me hit the next milestone. Thank you friends. :)
Help us settle a debate, Which is better #newyork style or #chicago style pizza?
Right now it's just A and F
Good luck to all the mini runners today! And congrats to all the graduates! It's a big day for bucket lists.
Shabbat Shalom! I'm so excited that Danelle & I get to & enter into the Sabbath with Sarah. This will be the 1st time as a family!
Threw out 1st pitch at single A short Yakima Bears. Went full windup and threw it as hard as I could. It's a can't miss approach.
#agile is the ability to roll out changes to your payment page, see an error in the logs, and fix it by the time they try and pay again.
Awesome, sounds pretty interesting- I wish I was there. Tell Beth I said hello.
Shoots for the stars. You are only where YOU think you are. Remember that...
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with costumers.
Did #ARod just bunt for a single
& that was the best episode you guys have ever done with of without the iconic boyz LOVE YOU GUYS!💙❤
Compared his shot-blocking ability, then backed off when Gorman bailed him out: "You're not really comparing them?"
NZ dollar outlook: kiwi range-bound ahead of RBA, US jobs - National Business Review
thank you shout out back
Do you feel that The Pitch is an accurate reflection of the advertising world?
You go by what she say to save yo marriage cause you fucked up instead of doing what's right and sticking to being a man
Eyes Japanese blowin sushi in this motherfucka
RT : Who is helping solve California's toughest problems? Tweet with #IrvineAwards in your reply.
Re-reading Alaska. sure knows his way around a metaphor. "...they needed me, just like comets need tails."
Yoooo I see U on that #TheGoodLife project!Dopeness.."When the Last Time you heard the hero dying for the Villan"!
yeah dude, too long. I've been good, graduating in a week, then moving to San Fran for grad school, you?
"Silence vibrating is Creation. Silence flowing is Love." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
it was my birthday yesterday and I would really appreciate it if you replied <3 :)
: I was there for the talk with the "photo montage" artist. You? It was a god talk. Much to think about.
who's your source?
West Side Story opens tonight! Who is ready to MAMBO? Still don't have your tickets, go to BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com or call 410.547.SEAT
#Top100Lies I HATE TEXAS ENTOURAGE
(I do. I think having multiple languages in my Twitter stream is cool, and usually they speak English too. But I'm curious whether you do.)
Miss You Too!
We see you, too. Thanks for your support. We love our community!
John Spanjers to become CEO of Pinnacle Airlines
If I miss my flight to Belize bc of a lightbulb in the cockpit, I don't know what I will do. I am beginning to think this trip is cursed.
I figure, that's cool, Jesus had death threats all the time. I'm in good company.
Ryan Flaherty > Josh Hamilton
Great way to learn & have fun is blind tasting w/friends, say 5-8 wines. Guess variety, cntry, year etc. Did one, ouch need more education
great to have photographing our new neighborhood last night...can't wait to share more about Wilson St.!
yolo and good nite we will have the fight 2norrow
is now affiliated with our friends ! We recommend you follow them for great updates on our application.
Squirrel found alive in attic, cop arrested for arson.
At BMA conference in Chicago-learning how to unleash investment in social media with Paul Dunay, Avaya
lol I'll just have to make you some one day. :)
Is Vinny gonna get a twitter??
hahahah, yep we do! im maria btw
There's no time like the present... please follow us instead of here... that's our lively account grt info on social commerce, ux, +
#Vikings fans rally at MOA for new stadium. Jared Allen urges them to call their lawmakers. House vote on Monday.
Mary Joseph Mary ...confuses people. Cuz Rondell thinks the mother followed the son around like a church whore .
4 until I'm 22, so I don't want to hear it haha.
I don't care if you're cute, as long as you're funny
Should really get some rest have to be up by 6:30 😔
So excited to Birthday Fest with my favorite peeps tonight!
RT CONTRIBUTION: a very important word to the success of any organization. Each person shud ask: what am I truly contributing
yo, u know that schefter account you retweeted is fake right?
Be sure you take the shoes off
Saw three cyclists in a row on the phone while riding. Bad idea, folks.
Pres. Obama to address the nation in a speech that is scheduled to begin at 7:31pmET.
Buy one app, get the 2nd free at Patrick J's tonight for GOkickballers! Show up after your 6:30 Whetstone games for some fuuuuuunnnnnnn.
Does anyone know a good patent attorney?
wahhhhh!!! I think they have dd in the airport :)!! That would be awesome If you did :)!!! <333
and unreasonably form-fitting
Sweet - tweet at us beforehand! Can't wait.
We are... bestfriends.. but when it comes to food, that is a complete different story.
Increased treadmill workout and more weight loss --->
USA women's soccer team earns trip to London #olympics tonight with 3 - 0 win. Congrats to Del Mar's Rachel Buehler
Yes I'm out here just like u but in Rochester new York not to far we could meet
I just need to go home
I'm really glad that I'm best friends with the biggest bitches I know, I'd hate to be the people we talk about.
Thinking about stopping to get me some food
Have you seen The Firm on NBC? Wow, Good TV!
I'm waiting for the anime reenactment.
I was in Eco 782ND msb 94-00. Everyone is on facebook. We even have several 82nd Groups.
Wtf this is the 3rd model this mth that asked me should she do porn..attention models after u do that shit u r no good 2 anyone shoot yrself
and FB'd it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Arbor for our show last night! Next up Framing Hanley at Newby's on the 22nd! Who's coming?
Oh look... I'm causing trouble again. Ha ha.
work work sound like me during the week
not a fan of meetings titled "deep dive" reminds me of "deep shit".. no not really, but it sounds scary ntl
Woke up with Pearl Jam's "I'm Alive" stuck in my noggin, like an announcement to the day.
I miss you Twitter :)
If you're at #NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
I am covered in bruises. What the hell happened last night?!
I've got a question: Why is the media NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
dang! I was there at the wrong time! Hahah
Tenant is wondering why the heat is not working maybe cause it only had two freakin inches of fuel in the tank.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Excited for the last night of #linernotes !
Diane thinks i'm ready! If you want any of the shirts you see, let her know and I'll send some back for everyone
I found it two seconds after I asked.
Hahaha See, that's close.
I think util:collection-name() is what you want for
The Eagles just signed all 8 of this year's Playmates to the cheerleading squad.
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands! First chapters look great. My evening is booked! Keef!
Why'd you get tired after you read my tweet?
#WorstRapLineEver names mac miller. -mac miller. fyi i hate mac miller.
On our way to Stevenson, WA for Michael and Teven Collins' first court appearance--father and son accused of beating/leaving skiier for dead
Hooray, my membership card arrived just in time for #SXSW!
Indy kombucha drinkers - 2 for $5 special until May 1st - get your case full of probiotics! My fav is passion berry bliss
HerCampus Wake Forest (along with OCPD, Student Life, and Panhel) is pleased to announce INTERN QUEEN will be here JAN 31!
We appreciate the follow. Thanks!
S/o too my bestie in tha whole wide world . Imiss&loveyu
never. Apologize. For. Art.
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am. Fuck it. At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
It was Sunday Sunny Sunday today. Nice to get out a bit, and to rest up a bit . . . big week coming up. Lotsa stuff ahead.
I'm on the Metro red line heading to the #dpla meeting at NARA. NEH Chairman Leach scheduled to speak.
Just climbed the mound in South Charleston with
I Just Don't Be Giving A Fuck.
u don't have a BlackBerry
My emotions have caused my typing skills to go rouge. My apologies.
Levon lives on.
There are #SOTU2012 watch parties? Damn I feel like I'm missing out now...
#jansport the best bookbag anyone new yorker can have during jhs/ms
I'd love to know more!
"We won the world cup." "Cup of what?" Awesome episode of Mad Men tonight. John Slattery directed it out of the park.
Haai Sarah, Do You Have A Kik Messenger?❤😊
Shit, I need to step away from the computer screen for a few, my eyes are buggin!
RT I'm so excited to see all y'all again! I miss you guys
lil Wayne ad drake- she will. I have my phone on shuffle. Haha
I cry alone because its easier that way
OMFG. I AM IN LOVE WITH UR SONG
$5 BoxLunch: Our Delicious Charlie's Dream, TUNA!
all the love she wants >>>>>
Come on now! About to shout a little! Jacked for worship at Fieldstone this morning. Hope to see you there! 3385 North Franklin. 1030!
Most ball games are lost, not won. ~ Casey Stengel
RT : is playing tonight! I wonder if ever does stand-up on the side of the stage while Jimmy...
And holy crap- 12 bridesmaids! I don't have that many girl friends. That's insane.
Help bring music and the arts back into our schools. Please visit the #RealChangeProject today at www.liverealchange.com RT
I'm pretty sure you hate me now.
I am also confused.
Get to spend the day with tomorrow 😍
Seriously...have gotten all of my buddies and their daughters watching Korra...rediculously awesome show. Gr8 work.
Today's sermon was about grumbling. And the first song was about waiting on the Lord. I get it, I get it!
Matt Turk isn't nearly as mechanical as people make him out to be.
RT : hot spot with towers that don't work. And the tech refuse to service them.
I want to meet in new york man i live in brooklyn hes gonna be so close will def make my 21st bday everyone shout him 4 me!!
GOTTA LOVE #NIKKIFINN!!!!
I grew up on the street.... Sesame Street!
be prepared to sleep uncomfortably the first couple weeks. Body takes some getting used to.
We use , works great! RT : Does anyone use Twitter on an IPad? Do you use the Twitter app or something else?
I'm so glad I have a family who cares... Oh wait, no they don't. Fml
He has Celiac Disease. So does DH2, in addition 2 to her food allergies.
I'M HIP I'M COOL
But why is only filled with old people that has too much surgery on their face? Is because of all the prune juice they drink?
Im looking for something on ya tl and i found it there
TELL ME A #FUNFACTABOUTME! I WANT TO KNOW YOU GUYS BETTER!
Math I missed you
lolz :P I found a cd on amazon the it ships from NC and its a good price too
I did for battle of flowers :)
Gettn a tattoo at sailor jerry azz everywhere yu already know!!
Broker Class coming up Feb. 21st! Or if you need all 16 CE credits we offer them online! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I performed Riverdance at the bar last night in front of my fellow employees. Good or bad thing?
Thank you all for following !
thank you from #PackerNation for all you have done. Now stay healthy for yourself and your family.
your so mean to him
#TGIF! I have a busy weekend ahead -- what is everyone else doing?!
That's what I liked hearing from people today re RL imbroglio ...
Congrats to all the finalists of the 2012 #apolloaward (RT )
I Wonder Why People Make Fake Celeb Pages On Twitter Just Be Yourself And People Will Like You........... Thank Yahh
Predict Rockies Season - Send Prediction to if you predict correctly win $200. You Have to live in CO.
Our only regret is that now we REALLY will never play on American Bandstand. RIP Dick Clark.
and a lot of us adults love the chicken sandwiches
ICA sale at Dunlap continues series of record ‘average sale price’
I wouldn't complain if you were pregnant!
“: ": #Irritated." Yeah me too soap opera hater!”>>>I still love you lol
Sometimes i really wanna sing it like HYFR
#IWishYouKnew how much of a mistake you're making
Why is this man playing on my fuckin phone......wtf!!
<3 yes. That would be perfection.
Thank you so much. I'm blushing now :) How are you today?
i will be so pissed if Robert Pattinson plays Finnick in catching fire. no.. just no
is the Battle up yet if so what's the link I'm tweaking
That's my kind of Gym!
wanna go get food? i just got out of my horrible english class
Who would have ever thought the lil chunky girl with the glasses..would blossom into such a beautiful young women 😊
Laying in the bed naked surprise for my bby
In fact, I have pretty much ignored Twitter for a while. But I have decided to come back to Twitter and see what is going on.
one of my FAVORITE places to visit. Ever. ☀💗🌴enjoy!
Looking forward to getting some great ideas on healthy meals
...With one table 08 hu (which I'm very inexperienced with) and one 27 trip draw against an 08 specialist who is competent in 27
At screening for Small, Beautifully Moving Parts. Very excited to see this!
Girls dont do nice things anymore to be nice, they do it to get back at someone else....she's my friend, glad i'm pretty...but she is too
Great day to stay in and watch the Ryder Cup and some NFL.
. doesn't really matter if they recognize the need. If they aren't interested it doesn't matter.
for Lent but may make it a long term thing. Discovered vegan chicken wraps today, surprisingly yummy!!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Go #nats. At space coast stadium w woot! Fun times! 's fav 6 months of the year! :)
Here's your high five, yo!
my birthday is in 3 minutes.
This checkout page is telling me I need to print a form, fill it out, sign it, scan it, and e-mail it back to them to buy something...
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your having a conversation with someone and they walk away and your left talking to yourself.
Tom - you're cracking me up.
Spice up your day w/ a Buffalo Shrimp basket, fries & cole slaw for $9.99. Press conference @ noon for you know what.
RT : Big day. Opening Day for Elmsford, NY, Little League. Coaches and organizers do a great job and are to be commended.
No, sorry, they didn't. I know, such a pain! And really annoying they didn't make any sort of announcement.
ah :/ no fun an yeaa its shitty i used to like her but she fucked up :/
you can't really see but, my icon is a picture of me and you
"6 months" commercial just got us pretty jazzed for baseball. Is this opening day or what?
I agree! Been a fan for 20 years . . . simply awesome team!! So, the streak ends; but what a streak!
#IfTwitterWereHighschool Then the Bird Flu craze would've made sense.
Sitting here praying Kelly gets these tickets big game tonight!!!
Why does Twitter look like this?
just stay home & be a good boy for once! Hah jkjk(:
The #eMusicNMS sounds like a great opportunity. Would be awesome to check it out.
True! Mostly good.
omg them dance moves r Looking fresh Justin I love it <3
what kind of name is this
So my boss likes the Sexify record, now we just have to get it on the radio. Trying to be the first Urban AC station to spin it
What's your biggest lesson learned from a mistake?
Yes ma'am!
Nokia Sues HTC, RIM, ViewSonic for Patent Infringement
Two upcoming shows! May 8th and May 14th. The location and times are on our myspace, which has a new layout if you haven't seen it already:)
So glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back at the Treehouse soon!
Time to get that Workout In!!! Let's Go!!
A+J+A+T = ahyeeeeeeeeeeeeee .
Wow new Mexico sucks.
Maybe so, but expecting more from mostly male demo is asking a lot. Very few care about anything but sex appeal.
Friday is my second favorite F word
I wanna go swimming!
Slip up in the shower is sum scary shit! Just the thought of me falling but ass naked! Smh
Our board member is now VP of Community & Strategic Initiatives at #Chicago #Housing Authority!
The first girl to get roofied at Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers new Brookfield restaurant gets a life time supply of Limelite energy drink
madson was just saying on 975 that he gets overhyped for the 9th inning, too pumped up. hasn't had enough exposure there yet.
Thanks so much! Now that I have the hang of a basic recipe, I'm looking forward to experimenting.
What happened?! I couldn't watch the game!!
just passing thru on way up north...quick up n back for Easter :)
Getting satisfaction of whatever sort from seeing children lost n "gay sex philosophy" or "violent sex GAMES" is like worshiping congress
We rackin up
That was terrible. But best to honor a silent movie on a quiet trade deadline day.
Ruud Van Nistelrooy is up there with the greatest centre forwards that i've seen since following football.absolute privilege.
I will help you!
Classes start tomorrow! First time to not have 7 o'clock class.
Going to Lucy Lippard lecture at tonight.
if I were older and had the money, I would LOVE to own Mystery Lovers - I've been obsessed w/ your store since I was a kid!
I think we gone be in for a long night... come on Lakers!!
Time's man of the year. Does time check people's background and legal problems EVER?
what's up with the green head bands?
Matt, there is a Shoney's in Caryville in La Follette just over the Jelico Mountain. Rhonda and I ate there two weeks ago.
SURF REPORT: 5/1/11 Pacific Beach 1-2 ft knee to thigh high Fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 61°F
Yay the sun is out! Is everyone enjoying it?
He asked me if I've seen a road with so much dust and sand......
Back at work, 2 family members still down, but improving. Still hoping not to catch it myself. Lysol is my only hope!
Thanks Ron. Was fun to do.
I bought the 3/4pm thick book Anna Torv recommended in 1 of her interviews; Guess I've to 1st finish the 5 books/plays I'm currently reading
but in Baltimore, high schools have integrated the college model...my question: is that good?
Looking forward to it! On my wish list: "Using CPTs & Genesis to create killer portfolios."
3-5 assignments a day and plus the ones I failed, goddammit! D;
I cld go on & on abt this. Prob is women nervous at thought of being 'experts'. W/PIN, can be themselves.
just some cunt..
I hope I get rich like Adele one day cause TONS of guys have broken my heart.
So tiered
ima not gone stay of the computer an go out wit my cuzin how bout that would tha work for u since u dnt want me on here or tinychat wtf
Foolish me
Shows you how much i ever watched the Hawks.lol
Looking for a good company to print and ship your T-Shirts? Give tshirtgang.com a try. We take care of our members.
Join us Saturday in the Fedora Room for dinner, drinks and jazz at 8pm First & Hope Supper Club
NCAA Championship starts @ 6. Who do you have picked or is it a given? Stick around to see who takes the cake in our Bracket Challenge.
Good morning twitter world.
Not really. I wish you were here. I'm trying my best to keep from crying my eyes out.
I THINK so, I mean when tickets go on sale? It'll say if it's general admission or not, haha.
We had a week off for Thanksgiving, Filming the last scene on Dec 4
You gross me out
swear I'm not one for free and ones my families soo...
though I agree with his closing line regarding Tree of Life
followback! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
it's so weird without you!
Awesome. Great city.
Officially graduated. Now it's time to apply for a refund on my college education.
hopefully this test isn't like crazy hard
lol just got done looking at LL coo j on the tyra show and counted how many times he licked his lips lol 62 times hell naw
First rest stop, over halfway there. Chi-town here we come
i didnt like it at first but then i did lol even though im single haha
lolol I know dood, I totally forgot about this whole Twitter thing.
Anyone feel the earthquake inside the Apple Stockholders meeting? All kidding aside, I'm wishing #stevejobs the best in retirement, be well
Thanks, man. I think you're referring to - aka Jesse Middleton, re: P&P software.
Lol. Is not statistically sound. ;)
Left Spfld yest & kept going until I was out of IL. Taking care of myself so I can be more effective for the ppl. Making it a good wknd.
Indiana & DST: I preferred living sensibly (not changing clocks) & enduring ridicule ... remind me again why we're on NY time & not Chicago?
I know you're coming for the people like me But we all got wood and nails And we turn out hate in factories
That fast I got #pissed of what the fuck
Just visited shilp mela in Bhopal , there were really great art work.
Haha 439 people voted for the Republican running against Walker. My man Barrett has a nice lead in the Dems right now.
I don't think watchin Rosewood at work is a good idea.. I feel like lining em up and goin down the line slappin em all. Ijs
Guys can have BROmances, girls can have "WOMances."
I swear I never liked College sports until I actually went to school
RT : You will know them by their fruits. Do we gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles? Matthew 7:16
You ever want something really bad, then you get him, I mean "it", and you regret it because you know it's bad for you? Yeah, me neither.
Being right half the time beats being half-right all the time.
does anyone remember Bill nye the science guy. omfg
Just took the brave in and out of break!
Jarrett a little too high and made contact with the wall, yellow.
If you're not listening to 's Christmas album, you are MISSING OUT. It's the soundtrack to my season this year!
Coldplay did an amazing job tonight on #idol :)
I nvr been the lazy type
When ppl self select, they may stick to like ppl. which tends to keep cultures homogenous and unchanging.
today is going to be a good day.
i always had a hard time opening up CapriSun juice boxes
Wanna talk to someone new. Any takers?
“: Had my last day of junior year today! #PTL”
ohh I will...so really when am I coming over?
stopped by Bayamon today beach tomorrow, La Isla never disappoints always amazed by contrast of mountains and oceans
my dogs give me the most judgmental look when I blow my nose. fern actually barks at me... like I can help it.
In there like swimwear re: last tweet...should be a good night of music for the DMV
Make Joseph Kony famous, bring him to justice. #Kony2012 , april 20th- cover the night, retweet & spread the word.
Last Tuesday harmony class...... I hope we survive
WANNA GO ON A BIKE RIDE!? Hey go listen to our music on Purevolume. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
gonna play some poker with some friends. work at 8 AM.
AW then def vibe out. love is god!
I'm tryna let go of my past.
At "Michael K from DListed" I gasped, clutched my invisible pearls and almost wrecked my car.
Download our EP for free at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com and like us at www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
's voice is one of the most amazing things ever. my favourite :)
Bo : Spring has stalled: 10 out of the past 11 days have had below normal temperatures. 4 out of the past 7 days have had rain
If I wasn't going to Hot Snakes, I'd be here RT Tin Can Ale House tonight! Rafter / Tourism / Matt Curreri 9pm start time, $5
Should I even keep watching this game???
Texting is so f*cking boring now. Everything is "hey......Wyd.....oh ok......Yup"...
it suits you
Hi, Vincent Exorcast here... You know, girls do go crazy for NKOTB... So it is kind of a complement...
Its has been a long time since I tweeted omg
Welcome to 2012, CarGo!!
Does the MTA realize trains are supposed to run? They're not just decoration, assholes.
Lenders cautiously shop for retail space. Debt institutions are softening their approach toward retail. Submit your project today!
why you think i asked you if Rashad played Friday????
#hehehehehehehehehehehe I just had panda express their orange chicken rocks
don't worry. I am wearing a Disney t-shirt so everyone knows i am an american. Totally safe.
balderdash. I don't believe you. I also really like the word "balderdash"
Senior is on the top prospect list for todays Supplemental draft
The more often you practice shooting the better prepared you'll be to catch those good ones. Shoot 2 people interacting. Share it w/ them.
Finna k.o. had a good ass day earlier. Goin for 2 ina row.
ha! I have the Nathan's cookbook, but that looks AWESOME.
i still don't think chucks + jeans are cool
Sweet! If you find out let me know plz!
nm ha why did u tweet all of us?
Its the second week of school... time to slack off
strawberries.yep.
What did the dryer give up for 40 days? Lint.
Well atleast twice ah week would put a nigga in the ball game!
A swim breathing technique: As you put your face in the water,release some air through your nose to keep the water from entering your nose.
To many internet gangsters..let me stop talkin shit b4 my page get shot up...
The end of Dark Waters is done, until the part with the mom and daughter in the elevator. That was cute.
My tl consist of girls posting about what they want in boys...... it's like reading their minds, only on twitter :o
another question.. WineStyles... Is it just a store? I bought a coupon for that also. Or can I go in & just buy bottles?
no problem .
I'd love a museum to roll out that particular QR .....
made a chocolate haupia pie for my mom!!
Fan Girling is what i do! #BoyzAreBack (: Gonna Fan Girl all night
is my New Favorite Follower! #ShowMeTheMoney lol
Just wrapped an interview with a producer who got a call from Metallica in the middle of it. She stayed on the line with me, though.
Who are the professional members of the courtroom workgroup?
i posted the video on here? Oh hahhahahahha
My son and I are currently engaged in a heated debate over which album is the best. He's arguing strenuously for "Wilco (The Album)."
I'm so sorry, I love you soo much ignore my last tweets❤😘
Guess we better keep him then...
lmao its aight. I'll need my space once in a while lmao
Eric Herman Cain Has said "That's it" but the Media also Fox news don't stop at that All you need it to Talk about
Just paid for parking with three bucks and a two dollar winning lottery ticket.
we love those movies. Definitely different than other ones but I am good w different :)
Sweet, the gmusic app on the iPad is quite good. Too bad google doesnt have an official one, but still a good app.
why does #uptowngirls explains life every time I watch it
haha. I met one of your friends that went to fc and I asked him if he knew you and he did. then he suggested we call you! lol
hey whats going on
okay:) and good thing I told you so you didn't die!
------->“: Here we go again. Stop settling for jumpers and get in the paint!! #Grizzlies”
Men, don’t forget that shoes are part of the total image package. Shoes need to coordinate well with the color of the suit.
M good thing i'm a completely innocent person will no ill intentions. YOU ARE IN LUCK! xD
Yes we plan on being there our parent org Greater Seattle Church Council is a sponsor.
LOL. good one.
So to recap,you can't count on anyone but yourself.Shitty but the realization makes life easier.
you are so incredibly talented!!! You would make me so happy if you followed me! Thanks :)
You guys are the best <3
|#quotes Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
O, I sincerely hope it holds together long enough to give me a good show here in Littleton!! I f'ing love boomahs!
Should have never said yes
last show of the year! Where the hell is the Deca Yeah!? Merry Christmas Rome!
Missing him already(: I love how he comes over and we hang for hours and he never pressures me into anything!(:
Because I'm at my FL condo, not my home in Chicago.
lol thanks I just got it from the top of my head woot woot
I went to Browbiz in Greece today
Another journey commencing in the struggle to end the health & human rights crisis that is #MTR Congress must be confronted w/ the facts
HAPPY FRIGGIN BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!!
See his face whenever i , i look at you ..
Let's have a drink when you get back from Austin and catch up.
Good morning, Jake!
Never put both feet in your mouth at the same time, because then you don't have a leg to stand on
i know u r very busy now but can i follow me plz....i love u <3 <3
AND I'M OUT THIS MF!
Elder Goose ; Dance Gavin Dance<3.
Year of the cougar
ZOOLAPALOOZA: A Book of Homographs, written and illustrated by Gene Barretta, came in the mail yesterday from and it looks great!
That was the biggest bite of cake that I've ever seen.
i wasted three years of my life with you..we break up for a year start talking again and your still doing the same shit
That's where I'm always going wrong. I stick with flats.
I finally got around to watching the Bully screener today and I'll probably make my children watch it in a few more years...
Everything - Colton Dixon
Guilty RT : Were you in a boy band? and i are arguing as to whether or not you were haha
The Dead Sea Scrolls were first discovered in Israel. That's 7,000+ miles from where our exhibition will be held starting this July!
obviously lolol. When are you coming to ny:-) ?
nothing I'm str8... I don't air dirty laundry ya know!
please come back on twitter...we miss your sweet, and funny tweets.....i'm lost without you :(
Joining in support of #highered at Laney college! Join us!
headed to the range
#therealdeal James Neil!!!!
Today's Quote: "I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights." - Terri Guille
you should follow me cause yolo
Always trying to keep up with the times, first it was the "Twilight" series, now it's "The Hunger Games..." Speaking of hunger...
Ok, I just spammed my FB peeps AGAIN lol to follow I just dont get why more people dont love y'all like us #Wellers do!! <3
Had some difficulty uploading video, had to make a new one, Go to youtube and search Karissa Lynn Kings of Leon cover.
If I remove you from all my social networks. You really hurt me .
Thanx homie! Props 4 the Ivan Drago, Classic! Yea that was me on the blends/presentation &Presyce on the cuts, stil Bangin!
Sayings about adversity building character. Fuck that, I wanna be rich...NOW.
Does anyone else love how #Siri calls Samuel L. Jackson "Sam?" in that commercial? B/c I'm pretty sure he's always called Samuel L. Jackson.
Thank you to and #SMPS Marketer for including my quote and #webdesign work in the mag's great article on CMS Platforms
#OkUPrettyBut My girls and I have brains, beauty, and business sense. Triple threats! Lol
News of the bombardment of Fort Sumter arrived at the telegraph office at Camden Station on April 12,1861.
Guy on the radio said he's from chicago Illinois and a Cardinals fan. He must not have lived there long enough to know the s is silent.
Had a Phone Convo with my bro==> Changed my whole Mood! last night..Real Real good dude! #Salutes #Tfc #McM ..Stay tuned!
it's a good thing I at least caught it on Ustream. Nothing beats meeting everyone face to face tho...
I'd like to see her throw a vase full of flowers in Johnny Z's face.
I'm gonna finish the song up after school!... It will be done b4 6:30 7:00 😁
ok. you might be sleeping, though. i'm sure, you'll be exhausted.
thanks Jet! Lol
RT : Q: Did yr constituents ask you about HIV/AIDS? A: : ONE showed up at every event I was at.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's out for #blackfriday??
I can honestly say even if we might get mad @ eachother everyonce in awhile yall hav nvr let me down
"College is like a boner, you get all stiffed up and about to explode."
March Calendar w/ NBC Law & Order CI, L&O SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT & THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting workshops at BTS. Limited seating on many of them.
Gunna try sleep.... I'll probably be back lol.
I always find these slick task management tools but then get too busy to use them. Let's see if #actionmethod sticks.
tired of it lol
damn thats how u feel bro?
Deep-fried butter. I found the stand too late at the media party, but heard it was good!
Loving what the are doing within the world of #hiphop... Expanding the brand! Keep up the outstanding work! 1
ALA's only program proposal process is for the Grassroots Program, which opens in Jan & closes around the end of Feb.
“: I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.”x
yeah... I think we might have the same one.
I know! Ugh.
Thank you for letting me know. I think you are right. I got a weird message 2 reply 2 & others. Just changed my PW. Cheers!
Good morning AM Tweeps. We are getting this Tuesday started ! 5-7am Let's rock !
What I don't get: "Moneyball" approach avoids giving up outs, so "aggressive" (and often foolish) baserunning isn't part of the vocabulary.
fix your xbox 360 servers !
RT : The very act of serving someone else broadens perspective & enlarges our capacity to feel gratitude & happiness.
Packer Nation welcomes you to Twitter. I'm sure you will be cooler than ochocinco on dwts, lol.
My email address has changed since I bought Espresso 1. How do I get the Espresso 2 license sent to my new email?
Stole a pillow from the hotel! I love them! =)
I need somebody to come n save me!
: No, I'm still working on "How to Kiss Ass and Never Accomplish Anything." Why? Is it any good?
"If you do what you always did you will get what you always got." BOGO at #weightwatchers til 4/21 ;)
I think it's physically impossible to leave Target without spending at least $50. So much for
NBA and the Cleveland Cavaliers have a "major announcement" scheduled for 10am tomorrow. Move to Columbus in the future?
RT Sunburnt feet are so awkward. << Showers are the WORST with sunburnt feet.
Looking forward to LA weather. NYC and Boston weather? Not so much. Can't deal with the cold #dhat shyt cray
"How a Bill Becomes a Law" on 3/4" tape from WI Pub TV in the American Archive Inventory... "I'm just a bill ♫"
Met my deadline...so my 2 day love affair w/ final cut (that sounds so dirty) is over. Folks liked the vid. Now BK bound.
Oh heyyyyyyfuck you! Ha I know
Couldn't make it to way out yonder to Matteo's party but I did wish him a happy happy happy birthday
Hospitals scare me 😖
Getting ready to shoot bridal editorial for a magazine at the Four Seasons Hotel! So excited!!
And then refuses to get another bus in to fix it, so everyone is waiting, hoping they can get on a 4pm bus that could be full.
Charlie and the Ostich Factory
O My mom just rejected my call though!!!!!!!!
$$Madoff news will cause panic. Hopefully short term. Put your money with someone trustworthy. Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?
Congrats Mike on "The New Art of Conference Networking: #Hashtags to Homies" getting chosen 4 the #WDS sessions! Exciting!
Funny Insult: Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
": What is the most awkward thing to be caught wearing in a tornado? Or other emergency?"...Michael Bolton underoos.
lmao!!! yes n show em around town... :D
Thats funny because your tweet earlier today made it seem like you did care..ha.
Bring in 2 cans to donate & Receive $5 off your Organic Sunless Tan w/ Organic Glow!! Call 512-327-2507 to schedule you're appointment...
Thanks! I'm playing again today from 7 - 11 PM
Isn't it just a GREAT day to have my hair straight!? -___-
How do I get your very pushy sales people to stop calling me? They don't take 'no' for an answer, and it's aggravating us.
: what was your favorite movie of 2012?
Thanks for the RT!
The Horned Frogs hit a 3 to narrow the #Aztecs lead to 2.
#imagine Austin:When you smile my heart stops You:awww i love you Austin. Austin:i love you to -anna
the guy in drinking with just told me to go there to at the same time you tweeted me
Agreed. Tension is my main source of creativity. When I'm relaxed, I sleep.
Thanks ZenYinger! Have a great weekend :)
So typical OU
Businesses run everyday and you should maintain your professional image even during hot summer months.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.
honestly I'm really going to miss crowne heights
i'm not even done cleaning my room I guess it's time to do homework!
Anything unattempted remains impossible. -Anonymous
idk what to say then
It's Easter you look your going to the club and not church....
Fresh and easy is the best for #healthy eating
That was fun!
You serious?
You are only in love an average of 4 times in your entire life. Most people regret giving up number 1, 2, and/or 3.
Just chillin' here with the best friend.
'I'll try my best to love you through the best and the worst.  I'll love you as long as I live' #OhHowILoveYouBaby. #ThatWasSoCute <3
Just got the best compliment yet... A customer started crying so loved the doors we made for her so much!!!!
twitter fun
-- I agree with you....there is no one better than Jimmy!
Finna dip this blunt in some tequila, bake, light, and work.
thanks amanda
Inspiration and motivation sometimes come from the simplest things in life. Wake up and pay attention. Don't let anyone take your joy.
Just 15 mins left in our deal! $125 in services for just $50! www.GrouponBoston.com.
CGRN will have a free plant giveaway for mbrs 31 March. Get your membership & get on board. Good stuff. Thanks for the info.
Thanks for the support. I guess I should quit whining, at least its a step in the right direction. :-)
Attending North America Infrastructure Conference in DC co-sponsored by CG/LA Infrastructure and PPI-just heard Tom Friedman.
#kids Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run: Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run from Saturday, May 19,...
Trying times are not the times to stop trying.
Damn Layla with a sick looking facebuster
Correct Ms. Kenzie
that is so true school needs to be over already n summer needs to hurry up
a little over 900 #amwriting words for the night. Got a blog post knocking on the back of my brain to let out. Have a good one, kids!
#top10Lies I'm interested in what you're saying.
this bollywood send-up is embarrassing the pants off of me. Wow.
It's gameday - Go #Patriots!
Twitter is boring right now. :(
What do you mean?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 91
My coworker just found out her daughter is going to the Olympics!
Great minds - but no RT : Have not seen the spectacle yet, any chance lady gaga makes sense Eggland's Best now?!
what about a daug
Cardinal Dolan Blasts Obama’s HHS Mandate: “This Battle Is Bigger Than Contraception”
This math teacher is the biggest fucking idiot on the planet.
We have a brand new app coming out next week. It will prob knock your socks off so buy new socks this weekend just in case. ;-)
where u live? And what store?
I'll die before I buy my significant other a fucking Lexus for Christmas, I hate these commercials. It's December
your dad says he's gonna find me a rich Greek hahah I can't wait for the food
let me try that again, doh! Speaking of not budging, I have an ex who is like a boulder...all else pales in comparison ;)
Hiking Tips From The Experts
soul food...live blues...dirty martinis
Okay. I admit it. I have TOO much stuff. #wheretostart #timetopack Dominican in 5 days
crap-driver said his has troubles on hills
Police trap in Thompson and prince st.
you got a spotify account? Hard to keep track of all these awesome jams.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
Kinda weird that I tweeted about music last night and Dick Clark passes away today
Bout to check out Herbie Hancock backstage
20% off your order, all Spring Break when you mention this tweet
I dont feel like flirting with this nigguh :P can't he see I like someone else!?
omg rotflmao! watching family fued. the question was where would a nudest keep their keys? And this guy actually said up their butt. Wowhaha
yea why whats up?
“: Khloe & Lamar Season 2 Premiere part 2 starts now East coast on E!” Can't wait to waste my fucking time on that!
All the guys want to chew up my bubblegum apparently.
Opened up last night after completing their intense remodeling. IU Bars is back up and running.
Student: my teachers expect me to turn in homework online. But I can't afford a computer. It's hard to get to the library.
Cole Hamels blows.
. DropBox is probably easiest, but CD/DVD, external devices are fine too (we promise to give them back).
I need to focus...today will be yet another distraction.
I miss you.
Fabulous Design Tip: Create a spark of energy in a room by using the color red.
Saw #ThinkLikeAMan again today and it was just as good the second time around as the first time!
Coffee Cup, Waking Me Up
There probably are; they just can't get heard through all the noise of mediocrity.
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
“: Water off a ducks back... when it comes to #anything negative how do u manage to stay positive all the time?”U C THE DRAFT?
thank u :) his nickname is "cam-deezy," in your honor lol
WARNING!!!!! If u got a msg from me saying anything about rumors and asking u to open a link delete it! I DID NOT SEND ANYONE THIS MESSAGE!
RT : The future is bright! 🌟 The future of OU Running Backs
Ta Dow- how you like me now?
You're the best. Truly. I might giggle or repeat every tweet of yours to anyone in ear shot.
Love my job
People who put <3's after everything !!! -_-
Household censor markings and "Contraband Excised" rubber stamp can be introduced early to avoid the expectation of money.
Trampled By Turtles plays 1st Ave once a week.
Just like Paleo, there's a right way and a wrong way to do it
“: Big weekend 4the boys , #sweep #thatsitthatsall” congrats to the Terriers!
In case it's before opening, we have grower Champagnes by the glass.
please fuck me
Cool! Did you get to hear him when he was in Chicago a few weeks ago?
exactly!I think the problem is we get asked to play Milwaukee shows, but have to go out of our way to play out of town shows.
Husband is making me kale "chips" because I insisted going to Jack in The Box for some curly fry action..well see..
Hehe thanks :) RT ": you have so many followers! so famous!"
Finally arrived in DC!
because the CHL plays the NHL style. Leaving Europe to play in the CHL can only benefit the European player, no?
“It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.”
If Tarzan had chestnuts I don't think he would have beaten his chest like the apes did!
Still trying to figure out how the fuck I got a 90 on my AP gov final
i want to get a phone call from so much <3
Nevah! I'm much more dashing and exciting than that!
Steak, potatoes, jello shots, two big TVs in the living room and sports on all day
that would be nice. #ready and why am I still awake with my 4am departure?
That is part of my job description, experimentation with food pairings. you must try it sometime.
I knew you'd catch that one!
Patriots nation thanks you, Jake! ": Good Luck ! I'm pulling for ya! Good thing its not a dance competition!"
Twitter is fun!
hate btches that try n be smart
Even when sitting still muscle burns more energy than fat. So weight training is an essential part of a healthy weight maintenace program.
Ready to head back home
Girls would you ever do a hair removal treatment thing so you'll be hairless for the rest of life?.
How about "Concur!" With exclamation point. And implied gesture of cockily crossing arms across chest.
yea.. no kidding! Hahaha!! I'm loving this!! 8D
Just dropped my dog off at the kennel on sauvie island since I leave early am sat. She likes it there, kind of like doggy summer camp. :-)
these things happen to doctors, firemen, secretaries, etc. It's a trait... not a description of the career. (:
did I really just get diamond earings from for christmas?
Man if he aint telling you, u R drop dead gorgeous.. Have a good day
That's alright, they'll be squatting and doing handstand drills before they detect the bait-and-switch.
RT« When in a relationship, don’t try to make a #Pisces jealous, you won’t incite them, you will only disappoint them.»
nope he is at my parents with bear( his brother) we have to do a bunch of crap at the airport before we get the pups
Happy to follow!
Single women in Philadelphia have been and will continue to piss me the fuck off.
Everyone loves boobs, even gay guys. They aren't called fun bags for nothing.
Excellence in Cookbooks (2012 KPP Awards) | Hawaii Book Blog
I'd say you're a pretty big deal :)
just announced reps here from 48 states, inc. Alaska & Hawaii & Canada, England, Sweden, Israel, India.
I kinda miss someone who used to be a very big part of my life... oh well... ig
loving the site redesign!
is smiling today
To our new #followers thank you, we will
Chernobyl diaries is already scaring me. :(
aight sounds goods let's work asap... peace
RT : last day to enter my contest on the blog!! #squEZtastic auroraboriealice.blogspot.com do it cuz you love me!!!!!
check out Fort George Brewery (Astoria) Vortex IPA. Puts both Laurelwood and Hub to shame.
What R U doing for #SuperTuesday? Watch returns with March 6.
Best date ever! Me, a tub of ice cream, shots of JD and ceder insense! Party begins NOW!
Just got back up and finally headaches gone!
Just got back from working out (: I feel great, but I'm STARVING!
you're welcome (: x
CNN is reporting that Dick Cheney got a heart implanted.
Glad you asked We are hoping to do the recipe design class several times a year with diff. guest commercial brewers each time.
It makes my dog howl.
you should come to Chicago again ;-) us Illinois mahomies miss you<3
The last day I have to wake up early :3
The Womb Sauna has updated their phone #. Reach us at 1-888-576-WOMB! Bless Up! Peace!
We are open from 12 to 9 today and New years day!!
If you upload to Rocket21 then it will stay in your Profile...then everyone on R21 could check it out. We love it!
Looks like today is going to be a beautiful day!
":I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you."
Love your posts! -often overlooked: almost everything we know about connectivity between neurons is inferred from macaque brains.
i'm sorry no thanks
Glass Candy tickets are now available at both locations! Only $11, cash only. These are limited folks, get 'em and get 'em soon!
Note to self: Live life to the fullest. No excuses.
If you need a personal trainer in LA, I'm your man! Would love to work with you.
For some freelance writers, it is somewhat easy for them to write articles especially if they have been doing this for a long period of time
&#39;Anti-alcoholism&#39; drug cleared for use in France
Getting pumped for the Idea Series tonight on #restaurants and #design. Crankin' it with !
Just got done at the court club!! Haha with my step brother hunter!
Dave has lived under a bridge for 4 years in a tent in an Oakland harbor-he lives in tent w/3 cats-its hard to make your way back-he wants 2
I love our followers so much 😏
Peforms & hosts w/ & on Fri the Main Stage @ W Plaza @ the Miami Marlins game, 5-7PM
I miss you too love <3
it's supposed to be ~7 hours according to mapquest. Closer to 10 each way
RT : Good Stuff! Enjoy the rest of the weekend :)
Lord Ross? Ps: work your magic. Bob Ryan campaign shirts for all of us. Ill take medium
Ew it smells like a furniture store.
: Choir girls are so annoying
Social Media MGR Jax FL w/ Brand exp, sophisticated skills. Interested? Resume-SM Portfolio showing success pls RT
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing for the next person. Chuuch!
Happy Valentine's Day to all our guests and followers!
Oh nice! Really, we are just at the whim of whatever Pandora decides to bring us next...HA!
it didn't hurt. Cause the lakers got blowd the fuck out!
Melo needs to sit for a few minutes, get his head into the fact that we need him to take high % shots. For now, we want
and Down By The Seaside is their most underrated tune!
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances, if there is any reaction both are transformed. -C.G. Jung
from my sisters friend who got their windshield cracked by a "drunk freshman" hahaha
Funny how you think this drama affects me haha u dont see me sittin in a corner cryin no im the mature one bein me and movin on
Can't sleep somebody hmu!!!
Life suck ass!!!!!
love this!!
I concur
After 90% strike vote, federal mediators set up additional bargaining date for SoCal 8/29
IceNineKills @ Lips Lounge May 14th!!! Hit up for tickets!!!
That's what you said last time too.
This Iphone is so difficult but I love it
When two illiterate people scream at eachother it's probably the funniest thing ever.
It's not up at Netgalley anymore. I waited too long and now I want to read it. My bad. I guess the were-spiders will wait?
