#justinbieber go on that fan site that says justinbiebersfansite.blogsite
get cspan cameras in the CO GOP situation room!!!
Chanting is half the battle!
Judge Jeanine is a schill for Mitt Romeny. NO objectivity. Fox in the box for Obnie-care. Very disappointing.
LOL, Okay, okay....ur right! :D
gonna go work.. wishing i was a celeb who get s paid millions.. but i like the fact even when there in trouble im the one who gets called
I had a dream it snowed
I was at work till a little bit ago and I've been waiting for 20 mins to see Heat highlights. So weird.
No, you can't have my autograph. Why don't you just take a picture of me, Mr. Nelson Images? #DontMessWithMe :)
oh ho ho.. Dont even get me started! Cuz I can really start bitching right now! :-@
Thanks! We find it in our daily perusing of art news... surprisingly, the more ridiculous stuff isn't that hard to find!
I just need to be careful not to spike my keyboard to the ground the way footballs players do when they've scored a touchdown.
Thanks...he was a former student. You would have liked him.
Going to Linda Ferreira-Buckley's lecture: "Problematizing the Rhetorical Life of Barbara Jordan: The Politics of Public and Private."
Dunkin donuts has a twitter account lol
I'll Start Tweeting You Again <3 I Promise(:
great impressions of Berman and Kurkjian on tonight, the only thing you forgot was a impression.
DMP, Jeff Clark, and Jeremy Groth repping students in favor of the sale of #rawmilk --
The license plate frame in front of me says navy seal muff diver. Is that real thing or is that naughty?
Also acceptable.
Thanks, my friends, for the #FF!! xoxo
is #Following : #ThankYou, I'm often preparing meals and concerned about our food chain & health I look forward to your tweets
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
hey, how's everything? There's KONY 2012 video that I'm helping to tell everyone to watch to inspire them to spread the word.
The world's shortest joke is two words long. It goes like this: "Pretentious? Moi?"
Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways. Many TexMex spots in #Seoul & even Starbucks has chicken burritos
E-commerce is perhaps the greatest multi-dimensional chess game of all time.
why are you talking about crying? thats not good. anything rong?
Crumb life
She got that good good ;)
they decided to go to moms house cool but at least give me a ride or a call to let my black ass know something
Lincoln's MKT is equipped with a six-speed SelectShift automatic transmission, which offering a choice of automatic or manual control
BEE GEES - ROBIN GIBB HAS TO LEARN TO WALK AGAIN (Contact music)
"What do ya say there you pigeon faced fuck??!"
:( sadness....sorry
Oh I agree, but I don't want to start a fight with a family member, especially on Facebook.
That awesome moment when find a #bassbumping #new/old song and rock out full blast!!
OOSR, But Beautiful, Paris Trance, Jeff in Venice, Anglo American Attitudes, Otherwise Known...
Can I get a S/O or RT for my Bday please!!!!!
Happy beautiful Monday! This sun is making us anxious for summer, hope it's on its way soon.
should win! Amazing food, consistently executed and he's a genuinely great guy. Get your Creole on!
what the heecccckkk when did you find out LOL
Looking out my office windows I keep thinking it's snowing, but then I realize it's just the tree blossoms floating by. Gorgeous.
At work! Would rather be at the Tavistock or on the course!
shout out to my cousin whose birrthday was yesterday...we celebrated by goin' to the movies nd shopping for snapbacks
The EveryThing's Gonna Be Alright"_*#
saw my favorite freshie reffing tonight!
Mother and daughter killed in fire
😊 I Told You You Was Gawjus & With Your Dimples
Tired as hell making the earrings is wearing me out but I so love it and I like seeing my money honeyz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A huevo! LOL RT : You guys Ready For Some This SATURDAY!!!
Thank you for the birthday love everyone! ☺ appreciated greatly 💗🎉🎈
Increase your firm’s profibility and efficiency with Firm Solutions Unlimited business process outsourcing solutions.
A whirlwind week back East, and now headed home. Boys are zonked out, can't wait for my turn to rest!
cant SLeeP..wtf lol im so going to be paying for this @ work!
Taking my first spin class in 3 years. Wish me luck!
love that song!
lmao alright then ill keep woking my magic on you ;D
My least favorite moment of the year: When everyone is singing happy birthday to u and it's awkward and u don't know what to do.
well late arrival was fun while it lasted now i have to stay at school all day for the rest of the year until the last week.
Weston School District in Cazenovia approves ref to exceed spending by $606,000 in 2012-13 by vote of 436-260
how come its hell?? Men or women?
You can count on me.
Plus I need to work on stuff this afternoon...
omg can u retweet this it will make my night <3
" They took the fish tacos off the menu!" ...."You're a Lezzzzbian"
Sweet Dreams ♥ ♥
ride or die chick
I'm so busy with work, school, life, it's unfair.
Congrats ! So proud! Now let's celebrate 🎉
now you follow me:)
RT i don't trust these hoes at all... *drizzy voice
Good Morning, Watching 21 Jump Street [^_^]
today: why won't HDMI from Blackmagic card work?
Helen Nissenbaum talk today at #uic on obfuscation and privacy
#Newdirections damn they give me goosebumps when they sing.
#mygrandma is the best grandma. Fin.
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
i do
GOP leading itself into Custer's Last Stand by supporting #Mitt #Romney. No real support. Party will rip itself apart after Nov
The Beatles - The Inner Light - 09:40 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Happy new year.. sorry, i posted from wrong account but nonetheless. your art is beautiful. i hope all is well.
you will be missed in the nfl and even more so in Baltimore! Good Luck
We submitted our app to the app store, we got an email saying they're reviewing it now :). Fingers crossed it gets accepted.
That's the best Combo Ever. Luck you
Tanning after ap exam >>
Mari MO! (Meant to say TYF announcement, unfortch it went to my MIL's address so got it a day ago.) What a beauty! Congrats!
Who wants a $30 gift card to Chicago?!? RT & follow! You'll get the deets via DM!
tears cant heal my pain, I cant deal with the brokeness inside me:/ its jillin me slowly. :/
morning. Did you see tehe picture?!?
Huuuhhh people kill me damn I guess they really do think you perfect! Everybody entitled to have a wardrobe malfuntion
Would be curious to hear your thoughts on what we do at Healthscape Partners. Happy Biking!
CAN-SPAM Tip 1: make unsubscribing easy & one-click. Don't hide the link in grayed-out, 2-point type. Remove from list immediately.
Unknown~ None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
OH MY GOD YOU HYPOCRITE?!
Anyone else seen the show Psych?
It's difficult to try & recreate your image when all anyone knows is the bad stuff. I feel for these people. Keep doin you, rest will follow
absolutely beautiful! You still got it, never lost it. Enjoy your day hun
deep cherry - sorry don't have photos. was thinking of pairing w/ turquoise/light blue in in some way
I AM SO TIRED. Jesus... #nosleep the fucking fire alarm made sure of that..
Disappointing end to match, Timbers fall to Galaxy 3 to 1...the losing streak continues
In abstract: a neighborhood is a social construction, and a set of memories. In colonialism - a territorial collection.
vis-a-vis that Lemley/McKenna article on IP and substitutes: many goods, not just media, are "IP goods." Any goods with a strong brand, e.g.
Who tf have spinners still ? Lmao .
saw that Pete. Appreciate it. Fantastic kid and will be a steal for someone.
Sorry we wont be out today for lunch, our pitas dont like to be cold, hopefully see you tomorrow.
Come On Guyyyss. Let's Keep #MattHunter Trending please(:
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
what happened that was embarrassing ?
Really enjoying reading "Only Yesterday" by Frederick Lewis Allen, a social history of the U.S. in the 1920's. Definitely parallels today.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Justin Roberts ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Indianapolis, IN ⁰Travel Team: Indy Hoosiers ⁰Point Guard 5’11
we can't end the IU game! I know it's about money but it makes us look scared, especially after the buzzer beater!
Hey No Glass Box - 2363 Yes - 2340 What donor is going to want to put their name on a box the students don't want.
Thanks for the follows Andy and
Hanging out in Kansas city, what to do.
Tired..bored..wanna go home... -_-
. I hear ya.. I get the military discount either way. Shoot at people = Cellular Discount
Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!
Not going to Cali anymore change of plans so gonna hit up the gym soon for a couple of lifting sessions! Later!
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW5
like the roles have been reversed!
I bet you look gorge.
If you wanna talk about me miss
come to the WSSP1250 NFL Draft party @ #CENTERCOURT @ 6PM TONIGHT FREE WINGS AND PRIZES
noted and retweeted. thanks! (inbound or outbound this morning?)
I am glad you did not decline me
Planning a 3 day trip to #WashingtonDC, so many places to visit. Anywhere else I should visit while there?
I'm doing very good! How about you? Been a while...
I bet on a horse at ten-to-one. It didnt come in until half-past five. Henny Youngman
keep dreaming about the division banner. Rivalries are made in the playoffs
but is it true to myself? hahaha I'm having a minor identity crisis about this
Get out and enjoy this AMAZING weather:) #LiveMusic at 7 with Tony Rey!
Scot Copeland: "really had no exposure to theatre growing up. I went to see a one man show of Mark Twain."
Ah that sounds like so much fun! Have a blast!!
there is nobody else; it's gotta be you. only you.
RT : Have you downloaded your #JCCBiennial app? Almost 400 folks have. www.biennial/jcca.org
Curry sold out two years ago - he's (sorta) off the hook - it's the people running the place now...a little warning woulda helped
haha good point
Chris Bosh expected to miss the rest of the Semifinals due to abdominal strain.
i try to keep the spirit of it, no bread products, grains, legumes. quinoa sure *seems* like a grain!
Happy Holidays to all!
As an intern, I'm going to do what it takes to get to play on - Request "Sexy To Me" by texting 22997!
heading to the post office to drop your rainbow key fob care package in the mail this afternoon!
Graduation from this life to the next means you must live a fulfilling and meaningful #earthlife to truly
What a game!
whats your dreams now bro?
Making muffins for my mommy (:
I find myself wanting the hawks to win it all, just so can get himself a ring, think he deserves it if anyone
Can willow hire me.. like that gurl is a hot ass fucking mess. She needs a new look
Generation med: Today on the show we talk with one young woman who has spent a lifetime on psychiatric drugs
I'm glad I found you! I'm looking forward to joining your network and learning more about what's going on.
you, sir, are ratchet.
or however you spell it ROFL
One regret I had from NYC is that I didn't go out more there. I'm not going to have that regret here in Chicago.
dubstep needs a more descriptive subgenre for non-brostep! ;P
Start your great weekend with a 9:30 or 11am vinyasa flow with Natalia! See u on the mat!
>> We Provide Quality #Specialty Items…#Discounts Available…
Thank you, Bohemian Rhapsody, for waking me up this morning.
why would someone hate you thats mean :( im sorry :(
Preschool age kids are NOT getting enough time to play outside... says Seattle Children’s Hospital study. They need 60 minutes a day.
good luck at ur game today(:
If ur not waiting...... U will soon b waiting! So decide now how u will spend that time!
How about all three?
I hate when girls act dumb on purpose because they think it's cute and funny.
You found my dock yet?
Going to a Super Bowl party?? Need to bring a side dish?? Check us out @ www.execcatering.com for our variety of “Take & Bake Meals”
Thanks for following
Great photos!
That was a good one dude hahahaha
Need to get to bed early, 14 hrs of #travel tmrw. But to for dungeness crab for dinner!
we wanna see this shit.
Yeah, I happen to have a bunch of friends who are Jesuits, so I'm not exactly surprised. But it's still awesome.
I’m predicting “discombobulated” will be next. I’ve already heard it once this weekend.
Who wanna b my 6000th tweet??
Adams..."It's frustrating now, but at the time you say, okay it's 3-1, let's not get too worked up about it."
Wait, who's stupid? Too, to and two learn the difference moron
#bestbritishbands Coldplay, Mumford and Sons, The Beatles.
My feet killing me
Working on 14 different event contracts. Trying to keep them straight.
Are you available for a quick chat over the phone? We'd love to connect and explore a potential partnership. Thanks!
Waiting for a commercial that just says,"Hey you, buy this!"
I think his story is great. I just wonder if parts are stretched for tv. 4 min before 1st start he meets his dealer in the rain?
LOL! Good pic!!! Going to see u when u come to Louisville! #BlownAwayTour I'm excited! Can't wait!
Seeing who you was 3 years ago is very shocking...
OMG. Lmao didn't even notice. Hey, this week has been long as fuck. So exhausted. 😞
Just found out my shows are musicals. While I'm pretty happy w/ them, I'm pretty sure they've got nothing on 's 44 mirror balls
I've got a Brenda Song "We like chips, We like fish, We like peas, We like Brendas Chippie, in Sheffield Please!"
lkasdjhkasdjhf your mom is sending me pics of you two. CUTE.
Angel's housewarming is today
Blink 182's "Feeling This" force you to abuse the repeat button? Yea, me neither.
Thanks goes out to Colleen for becoming our latest backer!
It's b/c I'm active.
Penis and coffee make me happy. That is all.
fierce is what I was going for
What's with all the fake red hair on tv?
#20ThingsAboutMe: I don't put up with bullshit
Now selling the GO UNO laser printer that speeds up/keeps screen printing projects via heat press & 1step stencil-making in YOUR shop.
Whence this double high?
First Dogtown, now Sol (second the tofu burrito love)...now I want both.
Heads up! More art and photos are being posted soon.
like old spice swagger? lol
oh no why how can I help???
At the ocean!
Planning a summet trip back home to Buffalo then hit up Toronto, and The Big Apple . Time to make my list of places to eat!
No need to teach an eagle to fly.
THEN COME AND CUT ME YOU WHORE!!
“: Grinding the 30k winnin o the green at the bike, time to get back in track after rincon #RunGood rep'n my ” <---GL!!
"24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence?" --Stephen Wright. 24 days left until
so you will be helping kids with autism?
YouBetterKnowMe I worked my ass off! but youll get next one gl
same for me.. except the guys I like always like someone else.
it's true he just spoke his mind damn shame game 2 blow out
Go to sprint they send me to apple -__- now watch apple send me to sprint
Watching Hook ---> classic!
I live down the street and still can't leave the house!
i guess 9 pm is a little early for bed.
oh this is a weight LOSS challenge? I assumed it was weight gain. We're doomed.
"The single biggest problem is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
The sun set so beautiful
. that was quite possibly one of the greatest Monday nights w/ my clothes on ever. #COLBYS!
Cinco de Mayo- check. Kentucky Derby- check. Free Comic Book Day- check. Birthday party- about to go to. What a great day!
well said! rt I think it's ratings gold. Ben is awesome. Not much time to get over Ashley though.
hi back :)
Smile when you give. Its good for the cheeks! :-)
So today is twitters 6th birthday, protestors are up in arms over a teenager being shot, Syria is hell on earth & its summer in March.
Wish I could stop thinking about....everything! Any tips on how to clear your mind? I do breathing exercises already.
yikes I just saw this! I hope everything was wonderful.
Whats wrong with it besides it being in Chicago? lol. Ill be there in 1 week for a layover to Vegas
RT : OSX is for building websites, Linux is for running them, Windows is for testing IE
Listening to and at 5am =
Received an awesome grade on my huge ethics paper I had to write last weekend! Sweet!
Captains meeting this Thrusday THIRSTY-LION
Watching the ravens take Courtney Upshaw I remember the Pack taking Mike Neal over Terrence Cody. Don't think the outcome will be the same
#RObotz TONIGHT is the deadline to buy ur #RObot bracelets. If u get the platinum bracelet u get flown to LA & go to ro's EP release party!
- nice shot of the #LAPD #helicopter! good trigger finger!!
“: Well feck me sideways that was a long shift!” HOT! Not the long shift... Lol
Did the TSA guy really need to tell everyone "and no lent in your pockets either." TSA=open mic night at the security line. Thanks D-bag!!
Kid at work drive me home and drove around/ listened to Real Estate.Got to love chill times w new people
“: Tips for two-wheeled adventures in Southeast Asia. #lp #travel” for cambodia try Battambang-pursat-cardamoms and back. 5days
eating Breakfast ... wssup for the day ?
I will be in a Discovery Network show coming up this summer. With props.
i see you maan
Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Thanks Liz! Have a great weekend!
that would be me!!! Lol
im good, and urself?
See you on Saturday!
Yea all the time
38 hours next week. big paycheck
#oomf loves me ;O
Ha okay : na it's okay :p
You'd think these teams wee tied for LAST place they way this Brewers-Cubs game is going. What? Never mind.
Ima be on a gangland
Our character is the result of our conduct.
I tried to DM you back but I won't go through. My email is
Just arrived in #desmoines for the #ITEC11 show!
i bought component cables for mine and the output looks great.
couldnt have said it better my #self #TeamSelfMade .
There's A Party On 5th Ave!
Things are looking dire after a Lorenzo Brown floater extends the lead to 7 for NC State. JTIII called timeout, just under 2 minutes to go
I wanna love somebody like you
I know, it's an odd thing, but it's important here in the states, many people can't drive stick and it's used in films a lot. :)
Lots of fun! Not as hard as I thought it would be. Also gratifying to speed past cars on the Roosevelt bridge into DC.
I love
Replaced my front disc brake's pads. Ridiculously easy compared to any form of rim brake. Going to try stopping at traffic lights today.
Having same prob. Why do I keep watching it? It's a feminist impulse, I think. I want it to be better, to succeed.
isn't "hoarfrost" one of the best words?
You're welcome. Little ones are great. Just keep me really, really busy. Enjoy spending all this time with them but its hard work.
tickets available for CHICO'S ANGELS Halloween Matinee at 3PM
It was on mine last year. It sucks. | “: Just realized Mother's Day is on my birthday this year. Hate it when that happens.”
What's your most prized #anthropology book? Anything rare/attractive? I have a psychedelic copy of The Interpretation of Cultures from '73
Piña Colada to start the birthday festivities 🎉🍹
Yeah yeah. I was more hoping for a Top 10 team. Like UNC in 09-10.
when r u fucks going to invite me over
thanks love!
Nothing like some very ripe strawberries. :)
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. --Wayne Gretzky
Totally agree Josh. Our President talked about how we are all Americans...but his policies say otherwise. How's it going
TY for follow !
I think I just had a very adult break up. Hm
The power went out at my house and my garage door will not open!
I'm posting a twitlonger about how I feel cause I'm tired of keeping it inside. I'm not asking for pity I just want to get it out
NEW coconut flour orange cupcakes with coconut icing-available for Mother's Day. gluten-free, sugar-free
doing your thing in the mia.. been awile since i seen you play man.. back when you played for the claws
Cheryl's career? a bit harsh but yeah, it's pretty much dead
Ahh... Breakup season is upon us.
yeah. Ahh. Do you have your mothers phone?
@ nathanhutnak Thanks Nate! Congrats on your gig too, looks like things are coming together!
Great Win #Brewers !!!
JERKFACE ( : bored af text me then .
That's what's up
what's wrong?
i love you. ok? seeing tweets from you to all the other ICONiacz makes my day, you make them so happy madison. never stop<3
Yes please. This sounds amazing!
Make up your damn mind
Had a crazy night last night . Ended up makin about 5 crazy beats
Old Colony Historical Society in Taunton opens new exhibit, holds annual meeting - Wicked Local
have a great day sweetheart
Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, only $12! Enjoy our great wine tasting all day and our Stuffed Dates wrapped in prosciutto and roasted. Enjoy!
Great. Thank you!
Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and,,Romans 16:17
“That's crazy” when you haven’t been listening to someone.
I love u!
Too many commercials #AMC! Come on! Show us
Lost Without You <3
“: Are you the team that will reinvent and reimagine our purpose, or the team I have to fire because you're holding onto the past?”
Keeping up the the Joneses is a problem. Also, a lack of (simple) focus.
Looking forward to meeting and #AdamVinatieri tonight at our company Draft party.
Just got the email I've been waiting for... Guess that means I better get back to work!
Fever & dizziness. I should go back to bed.
. plans DREAM Act alternative on paper in next few weeks
Back to work tomorrow :( huhuhuhu
If you know #MY-CHEMICAL-ROMANCE, Tomorrow is #IEROWEEN, Frank Iero`s B-DAy IS TOMARROW, AWESOME!
- I hate you. Do not tease me with photos of the goodness that is Irish nachos!
Twitter looks god. Melikey!
only clue I can give is on Connecticut Ave!
okay twitters. you need to go eat at BELLA PASTA ON RIDGE ROAD WEST ROCHESTER .... ITS AWSOME.eat in or eat out.
:) how u been? RT : #awesome RT : Love my new blender!
Wizards of AHHHHHHS. The #Lakers have been outscored 32-7 by Washington.
I know I know lol
Downstairs neighbor kid: "I see Jupiter!! I see Jupiter!!" Would be so much cuter if he wasn't screaming it at the top of his lungs.
#NYMets in #DC staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City, Arlington VA
William Blake: What is now proved was once imagined.
Idea: Shop until you drop and then come on over to Label 7 for our Napa Hour!
I have an amazing story about a female who just broke 28 powerlifting records-including 8 world records.Her age will surprise u.
I Mad My Mom Just Said that.
thought u went with the rest of the homies
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” -Albert Einstein
I don't much like Mark Zuckerberg, but i do like that he's wearing hoodies to meet business folks.
on the Northside or in Greenwood could definitely accommodate. Let me know if you need any contact info.
Free or cheap iOS apps are changing the economics for blind people looking for useful tech, says
we are cleaning carpets. www.keepitcleankarpets.com
Getting ready to rock out w/ The Moncho Poncho.
#ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Swag Club
indeed, it's a few blocks from where we live now.
I really wish would follow me:b
I love your Style and I love your Hair! And I love your tan! AND I love your face!!!!!! AND I LOVE YOU!
hahaha Asian joke again huh ? :-) running out to shit to say ? Aww poor Christian . Listen idk why you an Jeff wanna pick me
good food, good people, good convo! cc:
Just to let everyone know Big Russ who usually takes care of this is on Vacation and I just don't have time Rockin Rob
We have almost survived Carmeggedon. It's the end of the 405 as we know it. Just stay off the 666.
thank you thank you and back atcha
Wow wade just fouled out!
Wiz Khalifa was arrested in Nashville. How's that for some street cred for this Honkey Tonk Town?
going to hollwoody tomorrow
Miamians can't spread their love over 2 much less 3 mega stars
the Good, the Bad , the Ugly we will miss you all RIP
good morning. have an awesome friday.
Conference crud + unstarted presentation due thurs = hiding under the covers all day.
Fair point. Says something that an admission of scientific fact counts as moderation.
Lol :) <3 I miss you too and I have been doing alright my love thanks for asking but how are you doing :)
Yum, who would have thought you could get that at the World Forestry Center!
nice work!!! keep it up!!!
God damnit, I want those Hot Toys Hawkeye & Cap figures so much. But I don't have 400 bucks. :(
Bess Fox with the Egan tech save #marymountu!
It's my mommas birthday! Fighting the urge to jump on her bed and wake her up.
yow i was cool with my boy teamloud today
when you see me on ellen, just admit that im winning
RT : #Jobseekers who Include quotes fm supervisors, teachers, others who support you, can add pizzazz/credibility to your resume
Here we go Brohyde gear on just ran through the set bout to hit the door !!!!!
hate it when that happens. Happens too often.
Yeah, I guess, but it's really like ... stupid, lol.
No way!!! Andre the Giant rules. Come on! He was a friggin GIANT!
First two parts of the Euryhthmics final done and no one even died!
perhaps not your most glamorous moment...
Besides school, education in life is the best inheritance parents can give their children... DO IT!!
no i thought i saw in your followers and is my cousin
Just looked up if dogs can eat tofu. They can but they will have gas... Sorry Reggie and mella 😁
nice shot!
RT Novell migration completed successfully. As an end-user, I didn't notice a thing - excellent job!
Mat 6:24 No one can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise...
so woke up this morning and decide to tweet all her emoji…GROW UP….gosh
I need to organize the people I follow on Twitter into lists. Im beginning to experience update overload.
hopefully it will work out. I really miss the way it was, u kicked back on ur stool. U & Mr. Leno conversing & ur ball caps.
Headed 2 idea swap/shop event re: education connecting w new community connector as well c u there
Actions prove who someone is, words just prove who they want to be.
Only three weeks until GROSVENOR SQUARE's release!
Please keep the #FF for AHP coming! I appreciate the support <3
Has anyone created timelines with an iPad? What did you use and how well did it work?
gotta go with the Yotes.
Good night(:
Im going to open my presents at 12(:
Sure did :)
Thanks for the early morning S/Os you guys are awesome!!
Why when men get sick they act like they bouta die Smh its just a cold dang
Wrapping presents yet? How about wrapping your house in efficiency? Insulation, air sealing, lighting, boilers, furnances...all make merry!
That IS interesting! My son says it and he's mid 20s so I figured you couldn't be MUCH older...
can I get a follow back?!?!
Just enjoyed a great visit from old friend and former team member - He's working on some cool stuff and STILL cool as ice.
Bucks BLOW-OUT Lakers in LA. Great team effort tonight
real fucking talk !?!?!?!
Just finished a 19 mile ride. Freezing cold. No one on the Hudson bike trail. I feel fantastic.
You're beautiful. (:
Lmao damn dude imma die of a heart attack LOL
Sharing The Love: Adoption a good option for growing families - Gadsden Times
driving through WV was the first time I saw eagles I the wild. What a gorgeous state.
Bacon has jumped the shark.
lol good. In piano class.
Amazing meal at the east coast grill and even better independent flick at Kendall
See you then. Thanks for thinking of Hubig's!
mhm think what you want to think cuz justin bieber is forever and always uhm not you ! so ur in DENIAL
thanks guys!!!
Jornaling helps. Read Artist's Way? Neato. I don't know how it works, but it does.
Thanks for the RT !
ya lol. we put everything onthe net eventually
Dont Trust Shit Even If Devil Was An Angel
#RUSA slate: proud 2 support Kathleen Kern, Anne Houston, Celia Ross, Tina Baich. & #MARS folks, I'd appreciate yr vote 4 Member-At-Large :)
The Cupid Shuffle. Love showing the moves on the dance floor. ;-)
": Can't believe the Bottom 3 tonight! So shit, so unfair. I hate it. I'm so annoyed right now."
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day. !Robert Frost
OMG my favourate song
Super Bowl XLVI slogan: "This one's 4 Myra"
Your very welcome. Have a great weekend!
hard enough to chip diamonds right now #ThatsSexyAsHell #AVN #Boobs!
"Women do so much during a day we don't even know we're doing it," Bertice Berry.
lmfao what if they made that...
Sports Day is an chance for children with disabilities to participate in individual & team games. 12pm Sat in the gym.
that is weird. I read numbers backwards sometimes.
#ugh enough said
Have twelve pages of notes set for teaching fh Sunday School class tomorrow for 5th Sunday lesson. Nervous? Yep. Prayerful? Always.
I'd sure like to know but, my god, all the personal info they want n the ridiculous surveys. Sadly I'll have to do without...
it stops in mequon. they have no need up there, except for shevegas.
Thanks for passing along our info!
do I have to say anything specific or?
#FF She sings great country music.
Ok, being sick fucking sux. I'm going out. I took meds & smoked some herbage, I think I could make it.
I'm getting excited for this summer, now that it's finally fucking started.
RT "We are disturbed not by things, but by the view which we take of them. " - Epictetus
All out of that
Come out to the 1011 tonight We are playing with a frayed knot, suckerpunch, better luck tomorrow, Carson and in her own words.We go on at 8
I lived there for 2 years. IT'S SO AWFUL.
Oh, THERE'S that headache I've been waiting for!
So many chances for the Clips tonight wow they blew it
Rain Man is such a boots movie
omg I luv Biron..his eyes are amazing!
Yes! Enter id/pw twice AND set security questions?? Talk about overkill.
That's reassuring. Now to learn when to persevere and when to pull a "life is short, and the library's large."
I was so nervous though..I think I embarrassed him a lil.. :0
Cotto? Fa Real?
Have a great time! They always love seeing you!
Awesome! Hopefully you'll be able to schedule something with them! :D
there are two new James in my life: James Maslow and James Lafferty! ;)
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND
thanks, you too! In Chicago now. Ashley was on my flight!
aye bro
Yeah that Samsung ad was amazing. And to think Steve Jobs didn't believe in a stylus in a mobile device. I so want that Galaxy.
Always unplug large appliances if you’re heading out of town for an extended period to eliminate potential hazards like electrical fires!
I knew it was gonna rain -.-
Here we go...
Come morning light, you and I will be safe and sound. #np "Safe and Sound" <3
Inkling appears to be the solution the marginalia problem I was discussing with someone the other day.
At haunted hayride with then #KillerElite :-)
The possibility of no more new episodes of The Simpsons after this season would be weird. I was 10 when it first aired!
Just left .. Gotta thank all who showed up and participated..
...I don't even know you.
My wife think I'm playing her
Do they at u confused and say, "Duh...what is that? I had that happen to me!
Ii hate when a girl I've been wanting to sleep with asks me out, but I can't cuz I have plans tonight
Well at least the gas is ethanol free, lol.
40% of social media users are accessing social content via mobile phones. (And it's not just the kids).
Im Back (:
:-) rocks the wedding photography twitterverse! Check her out!
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
At le club with Kate Kelly and co. Oh and lol
Tnight on ABC5 News :30: Coverage of the IMT DSM Marathon, plus why protestors from Occupy Iowa were attacked last night.
Love my new iPad!
bored...me n my granddad about about 2 go 2 cold stone
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos?! Sweet!
All the kardashians' drama's been not real and just made up??
Just caught kevin spawn trying to check out maddie's butt
not only optional, but highly recommended “: Is tackling optional in this Bowl game??”
Excited to see the new look to the Throwbacks Defense
I'd like to publicly thank , , & for letting me win at #Carcassonne tonight. My wins are quite rare.
i totally agree!!!
Road trippin it listening to the RENT soundtrack. Gay. Lol
finally catching up on all my new connections made at #luckyfabb. xoxoxo!
Congrats to for a very important audition on Monday. You can do it!
So how is James Neil? Lol
Just landed a role in a short film shooting in 2 weeks & am scheduled for work almost every day next week :-) Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
My sister bday coming up.
I just had a feeling this was gonna happen & im done now
I feel like I'm running in circles with this. It's wearing me out...
Nothing on TV tonight . Boring!
A little slice of heaven is a spa pedicure on my lunch break. Thank you, Me.
I saw unhinge the #OverHeadProjecter and bump the screen to make it swing and then  Bye Bye
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant... Socrates
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
We use wikis for immediate project updates, like who's doing what. Help through CCMS, DITA + XML.
My fucking bus came early & my damn train was late so now I'm gone be late for work. Ain't this a bitch!?!
#AwkwardMoment when I see Mr. Smaldone at Chris Gasbarro's.
HAHA so true that's probably why I stopped trying to memorize tel #s many moons ago.
If I can fly in from Minneapolis. I promise I will stop at the 414 and pick up Spotted Cow
Yard work day! Yey!
The Knicks are looking good. 2012 could be New York's year.
Stop the #SCANDAL tweets! I gotta watch it online.
I say meow a lot ... I really hate cats, though.
So we out-of-towners could fill out the survey just to pad the numbers, or you could remove us from the total. Preference?
you'v NEVER had dimples nd plus yhu had a pic of yhur face on the side or whatever nd thats how i remeber yhu as
oh okay! sweet im over here doing a lil studying myself love! Btw i see that you are super talented missy!
Late-night Bach (D major WTC2)
mine is a desk com but yes time flys
What a historic night. According to reports, #binladen is dead. My thoughts, gratitude and prayers are w/our troops. Thank you.
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Did anyone else not know there was a Brigham Young University in Hawaii?
Lemon test music video >>>>>
Good day but my parents ruin it. Ha what's new...
Big Time Rush in Hawaii is seriously killing me. idk how much more i can take of this before i go on a plane and fly to Hawaii!
Hope the Council for Sustainability will join us at this month's Green Drinks #GSO on 9/21, 5:30-7 pm, The Green Bean.
thanks for the TEXAS pick prediction machine. OIY!!
I really hate when famous people don't take the time to reply back to their fans .
Anyone seeing anything? RT : O'Hare-bound Blue Line trains are experiencing delays due to police activity near Jackson
I know. It's annoying!
Thanks for the RT!
another fantastic #detention with ! Thank you Andrew, Tessa, Andrew, Brian, Marisol,
We were slammed last night at ! Thanks to everyone who came by and to for having their release event with us!
Aight , Ima Wait For You , Pistol Whippin . 'Kay ? Now Don't Go Too Far Now , Ya Hear ?
<= he gets it! This aint Vegas, Im not GAMBLING the future of the city 4 party purity
thanks for the follow back dude!
I must like Ugly boys....lol thinking bout my exes lol
Ford Sales Rise 13%
Einstein gets online archive
people always give me that weird look when they find out my real name is Amadeus Boaz
BRRRR - cover fragile outdoor plants
what's going on so who represents you
SQL Server Expert Robert L. Davis Joins Idera as Chief SQL Server Evangelist
Little to no potential.
WHOOP WHOOP.
down in flames. thats ok. still our best guy right now.
ah, those are HOT!
Getting ready for Church. ❤
Trying to get back into Twitter. Let's see how this goes...
Watch for coming news. NACO re-training for existing participants to use RDA will be online based. :)
Prince tonight! woot!
shake shack! Can't wait to try that soon!
Ask us how you can get rewarded with room,show and dinner comps for all your hard gambling!
Up studying for this final...
False reports of Joe Paterno's death? Latest reports are that he is in SERIOUS condition. Family around him and he's fighting hard.
“NEW: Vehicle on fire in Broward on I-95 north ramp to Exit 27 Broward Blvd, left lane blocked.”
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if that means you're not a part of their happiness
still havent eaten..
But there's so much on tv tonight!
you're a good man gonzo.
so someone stabbed me in the stomach? Poor tummy....
De nada; and happy Thursday!
I actually tuned I to te food network and the sandwich
So much to do, So little time... I'm doing it all for the fans... ★
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
"Did you find what you were looking for? " my inner monologue says (No I just walked in the store asshole.)
following butto and tiger news in columbia
It's so BRIGHT!!! #nowplaying "Lights" by Ellie Goulding
In terms of unsalted chips, I get the season's unsalted kettle chips (through Amazon). Even my husband has made the switch!
have a great time at rehearsals! can't wait to see it on sunday. ;) <3
Did VO for #Firewater and will soon have screening of trailor for #BailOut, and feature #Overpass. Always exciting to see fruit of our labor
something like that ;) 1) Beat all humans at Hive. 2) Beat all humans?
Same to you!! :) RT : thanks Boris :D happy holidays!!!!
just got my vote, diggin' on your full kit knowledge and tasty fills!
thanks for the #FF! It was great to see you this week.
I will. ill have to cum over his house tomorrow
I sit here alone & I wonder why ;*
RT : God continues to bless me day in day out. Forever grateful
hurry up and get a job!!! I want out too!!!
relax we are playing solid. we have our heads on. it will happen.
Conference is done. A very enjoyable couple of days. Now a little Chicago fun tonight and tomorrow before heading back.
honestly did not see that coming. i'm an emotional wreck right now.
For those waiting for parts to my stories, I cant get to them yet cause I dont have access to a computer right now, but they'll be up soon:)
new album came out today. What are you doing with your life?
DeJesus Christ Ax.
The nerve of some people!! I'm so glad I have a daddy that sticks up for me!:)
Headed to a meeting with a major Hospital in Arkansas. Will bring in 2000 new account each month. Hope for the best!!!
Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
: Pi Bar in San Francisco & Black Star Co-op in Austin
I'm all about school and work focus on my education and get my money nothing else really matter's ya could judge all ya want to busy to care
Make sure you check out my film IMPACT which will be released in a couple of months
Mostly cloudy, but dry tonight. Lows 46-51.
Craving food from a Chinese/japanese buffet
Ryan was sure hustling down the line
The wildest party is tonight !Better get early to avoid the line
raising hope.
I agree, they look legit
Break a leg tonight! I'll be with you in spirit =)
Grospellier Ends Mercier’s Reign Atop the Global Poker Index
nyquil when not sleepy!
Gilbert: 4. Mom's advice abt marriage, $, & children = happiness-->true only for the first two.
Seein dad again was nice always knows just what to say #gottaloveit now back to the grind
#flowers Safety Warning For Hurricane glass covers for Christmas Centerpiece - most not meant to actually be lit - glass cracks when hot !
Loved the objects. Didn't quite get the "story" of the exhibit. Concerned about the mounts for some African items & others.
Craig Owens on June 21 in Houston .__.
I think people who do t wanna pay taxes on the money they make are stupid. Yes, it's money you earned but you wouldn't have it w/o society
Wanna get high?
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere - Tim McGraw
Last week to enter video contest on diversity! You have until Jan 21st to make a video w/words I AM THIS LAND to win at www.iamthisland.org
Sounds so very exciting........
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba! hahahah
Busy week ahead!
No problem. Funny stuff.
I'll think if I get to our favorite coffee shop this week. :)
What a great catch up. Korea it is! Let's do this again soon...
whenever you ready how long you home for?
A call for peace, a song for hope, rally at Cup Of Joe
nope:) good try. Lol u still kinna got a shoutout. Ill follow u anyway if I dont already:)
#Oreo cookies celebrate their 100th birthday today! In 1912 Nabisco first started selling the famous cookies. How many have you eaten?
Why did Extreme Tanning email me about how to prepare for a storm?
These comparisons need to stop - they each have a different way of Being.
I do(((: Not as flawless as you, dear ;*
The Same People You Knew In High School Aren't The Same People After Graduation....
I just got home from a friends house. Going off on how our boyfriends do a bunch a stuff we hate.
Good Morning Missy:)!
Now that lotus dropped more teams who would you like in the series
You guys are making me want to cry:,( I'll miss Austins UStreams from his room.
Need Blood Test in Los Angeles? - My Baby Mackenzie&#39;s Life ...
Apparently no amount of talent will help weiss win games.
LOL. That's a good theme! RT : Let the 80s ski outfit bday pub crawl begin!
#SAYSOMETHING is going to be a hit.<33 HERE WE COME TOP 10 CHARTS.!!
I missed Saturdays with nothing to do. Enjoying every minute of it.
Listing the Facebook stock as FB seems pretty weak to me. I can't believe people are reading all 202 pgs of their S-1 either.
#NowPlaying down to earth by
Seriously? #700Club on tv at urologist? Suddenly the catheter seems much less daunting.
Rihanna Bikinis in Barbados in Super Skimpy Swimsuit (PHOTO) Rihanna slipped into yet another skimpy swimsuit before she bids adieu to 20
Peanut butter and banana sandwich
W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa we're 10 likes away :) RT PLEASE! <3
Just got to , where is supposed to make a "surprise" appearance. Hope he doesn't pull a
seems rather scary! You are better off with buy in! Most businesses close the deal before the meeting
I had almost forgotten how fun writing papers is.
Yeah, it's actually from Family Guy. Sorry if you got offended.
I just want to start a big brawl with Giles.
have fun it's going to be great wish I could join you!!!!
Happy Chinese New Year!
- Prince Fielder
A "Mr. Mow It All"-type nickname isn't in the story, but we can hope!
good. So long as they were courageous !
May the Fourth be with you.
oh lol it's sprite
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of music royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden. Why Sweden? Abba.
Good morning texts from the love of my life >>
BLOW, haven't seen this movie in forever!
One of the most talented underground Visual Artists in Las Vegas [...] SOL•SKETCHES™ has an unmistakable and unique style unlike any other.
I wanna go see The Dictator!!
Here we go!
haha I know omg u should here the stuff this kid I'm babysittings telling me
Major cramming tonight, isn't it the best??
Happy New Year everybody :D
Alphas? American Horror Story? THE AQUABATS! SUPER SHOW!?!
save the pizza boxes to waft out the pot smoke.
evil has a face, but the face of God is so much stronger...
Staff meal is balut! Wild!
Heads up base running..
: Hey Derek... Any tips on getting rounded percentages to display using json coming out of fusion tables? Having heck of a time.
thanks! hope you had a great weekend!
Headed to Capital summer party Wednesday night. Should be a great group of people from SF startup scene
Everyone who's won swag during our Twitter contests last week....your prizes are in the mail
Discussion of corp policies to include diversity: emphasize transparency, measurement and infrstructure
my phone is being obnoxious
Definitely miss the banter with Daniel or was that sexual tension! LOL
dm me your address please.?? Oh and your number too. My phone messed up but we gotta talk soon
I love Bruce Willis. He's such a hot BA.
I'm discovering that!
Whatz good world!!
Looking at the forecast in #PHX, Thursday looks pretty nice. From this point on, any day under 100 is a win.
Can I get a RT for the Champions For Kids Radiothon benefitting American Family Children's Hospital. Call 877-719-KIDS
It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. I mean you're here aren't you?
Threw some rocks in a river thingy, and got chased by It's a good day.
Cottage Grove, LCW, Lights over Bridgeport...you guys blew the US Beer Co stage away this last Saturday, cant wait to see you again!
S/o to Nice to meet you bro! Let's collab soon.
Someone please sell me their tickets to the MGMT show at the Indy tomorrow night. PLEASE!!!
If you can't handle me at my worst then you absolutely don't deserve me at my best
nah, I moved to miami
lol just wanted to bother you! Enjoy your day :-)
“: "Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else/ I'll tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help" #Hov #Jayz”
So you're probably all curious about our beautiful event space, Santa Monica's The Language of Flowers. Well, wonder no more.
your not heartless, you've just learned to use your heart less.
Ok so... If this stupid thing doesnt come tomorrow... Im just losin all hope.
You can make fun of all your friends from Cyprus for not making the cut
HI!! Just wanted to say that I love your tattoo! =)
Checking our Tweet deck to debug it....
But I know she up above smiling away! We are so proud of him!!!!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 25
That's really a cool story. This is also a testament to his ongoing connection with the brand!
“: So do any of my followers know ? I kind of need to talk to her hah......but seriously”
I guess I'm not loved no one will follow me D:
KABOB!!!! #GetYerHogOn RT : We just donated $500 to the for 2 correct answers in the B.T.H.H.H.S.P.G.S on
Joshua reminds me of a male version of you...both of you are so talented!
cool, you made it! have such strong campaigns.
Bro, im not even watching the game anymore. Someone hit me if my boys win, I can't take it.
Tax Talk Today Features Karen Hawkins, Director, IRS Office of Professional Responsibility Presenting “Ethics Under ...
no i miss you so much, if im not too drunk expect numerous pics from my night :)
Yup, when we start the "official" podcasts they'll be on iTunes and YouTube.
Thanks to ADAPT member, Kyle, who sent this pic of himself reaching the summit of Mt. Shasta last Summer. Great job, Kyle!!!
If ur from #Wisco. You prolly do half of your vacations in state
My last nerve has been worked!
I hate psychology!!
Dear Melanie, please make that and bring it to me tomorrow. Regards, Mia.
I'm hungry.
yeah =[ so i guess we can just keep talking through twitter
Today I will have focus. On what, I do not know. ;D
is he his old self or still mean alaric? and who died?
Business relationships... how do you balance them and ensure reciprocity? How do you establish effective strategic partnerships? Tune it!
Putting your cousins sub wrapper in the bus tub but walking through the kitchen 10 times afterwards
Who uses soap?? RT : anybody else like merging the last bit of your old bar of soap to the new one, or is that jus my thing?
And collecting canned fruit & peanut butter for the Greater Chicago Food Depository - Helping feed Chicago's hungry
Sam Houston State's Antuan Bootle (St. Thomas) has 6 points and 4 boards off of the bench today. SFA leads SHSU 60-46 late in game.
I bet Kevin Gilbride, Jr had a great resume in order to get hired by the Giants
RT : Q5 What are some of the tips that you would recommend when comes to #SM networking
guys with flat-ironed hair can go along with fake ripped jeans. Damn silly!
Yes, this needs to happen! "Girl w Dragon Tattoo" "My Week w Marilyn"
I'ma go to bed, goodnight :)
Up on Reverb Nation, which is NOT the same as Reverb City....go figure
Hoping #ronburgundy returns to and the
I wanna give a heart warming S/O to for calling me back like he said he would! thanks man!!
Yummy! Did they make with chicken too? You are right; udon is
Hey Ryan! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Agreed RT : My feeling is that any day I am too busy to run is a day that I am too busy. -John Bryant
Make plans to watch the Pacquiao vs Mosley fight here! 6pm. $10 cover. Live music to follow. great fun
Can I pay you to come to Wisconsin? (sincere)
Don't text me saying "yer" or "ur" or any variation of mistakes in simple spelling and expect me to acknowledge you.
I want to give you a big Happy Birthday and many more. And I have to say you look fabulous .
Welcome bella Very tough classes
Only being able to breathe out of 1Nostrol ! ... <<<
yes I got the godfather DM, the link hacked me. I Sid not say you did! Learn to read. Thanks for the laugh, :):)
that's really sad. what happened?
Live well. Love much. Laugh often <3
sounds like michile jackson on
Pedicure ruined 5 seconds after you walk outta the nail place. Yup that just happened.
we went to drop off my older brother :/
i love how its just us tweeteing :P
Thank you, she was my baseball diva. She and my mom raised me on baseball.
thnk lord for the money
Good morning, friends. I'm watching Melissa Harris-Perry's show on MSNBC.
Sometimes I hate this bs!!!!!!!!!
digital photography.
aha(: Sometime si wish i was famous like him ... i live in vegas so there are plenty ways just dont now the right people(:
nope, I enjoyed that one as well.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
This will be the last Round before the the conference lunch break on the 7th floor from 12:30 to 1:40.
to BUMP their noise haha
i just burped and it tasted like taco bell. wow i want taco bell.
funny thing is i couldnt find a lighter to save my life today! NO WHERE! where was the one i stole from you?
...Phelps will be pumped for his 1st start...<Im watching game fm start...he'll be nervous & on a pitch ct...be ok!
Having an amazing day & its only 1:49 .
feeling the need as well :)
I'm always up for #funtimes! The 17 or 24?
what time is the new video gonna be up !!!??? ;)
": Did you guys hear about that fire at the circus? It was in-tents. #wakkawakka" Personal Favortie of mine :)
how ur braves???
- hope you're ignoring all the nonsense being delivered by the ignorant bandwagon fans. You're wanted. You're needed.
Whatever the Heat wanted to win at Home anyway
Party at Rhonda's (Sioux City, IA) Friday! Dude, you should come! Check Facebook for event details.
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians website homepage today, thanks to Majestic Steel! www.indians.com
"Look guys. We're only using first takes in this movie." - The Director
Finally! A play in DC that is casting for a Chinese female actor - I'm so there!
Beautiful Day in Cleveland...perfect to celebrate! Moms, enjoy your well-deserved Happy Mother's Day!
See OneNote in action in a real world situation - learn how a consultant uses OneNote at www.iheartonenote.com
u talking about jacob because that's the truth
Brain food!
Thanks for joining us tonight Susan. Watch our blog post for the BEST of TWEETs.
now that's funny...
We'd love for you to visit--perfect evening to unwind.
If y'all thought that we were gonna leave Demi when she went in to rehab, y'all were so wrong. We are staying strong with her....forever. ♥
Sources... ok, a source, tells me, Wayne White ("Beauty is Embarrassing") will appear Sat night.
Is there anyplace we can look up your signing/convention itinerary? I didn't see such a thing at your blog.
Haha when did you think everything would work? Always assume nothing works out that way you're happier when it does ;-)
Lots of people swearing off football. Remember their names come September.
Email my assistant , she can get me the info
Use Coupon Code "CyberMonday" for free shipping on all items and orders for today only!!! Is the name Cyber Monday creepy to anyone else?
If i lived in Louisiana I'd kill myself
From the sounds of my neighbors, Epiphany is synonymous with Gigantic Outdoor Party or Loud Screaming Children. Good to know.
thank you to attendees for having the courage to share their stories of #privacy violations - stories make a difference
i always think of it as 'the queue is blowing up with questions' but i guess that doesn't sound positive, even tho it is?
made more vegan cornbread, made curry popped corn for snacks, acquired cool musick, now getting some flight time while clothes dry.
u look beautiful every day but there's just something about u today. Wow!
It hit home a bit to be honest. That's prob why I loved it so much. Kat, she was like "meh".
So, thumbs up for Bonus: Ask owner Jose for rum recommendations.
hi. Who are you?
Can't wait to see 's documentary on Both those guys are amazing!
3:30 buddy!! Have a great one
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest i
spent the evening at the Mira Awards. Didn't win (and didn't expect to); however, big developments on the horizon. A good night, indeed.
Oh yeah its definitely a classic Joey catch phrase, lol.
I freaking love that song! :))
a top #EasterBrunch choice... Thx! RT If you're dining out for Easter brunch, Molly Durham has your needs covered.
ok cool. tell Jonathan to come thru too
I love cleverbot. Best conversations ever.
Video for you? Uhmmmm no way
thanks for your support today! Enjoy the shirts!
We are looking to book shows starting in December! Get stoked.
Wow, RIP #AdamYauch - the Beastie Boy Passed Away At 47...
Good night Twitter, Have a good week y'all!
Twitters' changed?! For what?!
Rehearsals, photo shoots, auditions, oh my!
My new tenants brought me a cake to thank me. I must teach them that its a bad idea to give sugar to the landlord. No good can come of this.
BTW gotta respect a senator who can't spell & needs a corporate-sponsored goon group to tell him how to think!
Unofficial trivia question: What was the name of the B&B where Buckley's now is? No googling. Be fair.
Appreciate sharing your concerns. Sorry for your losses. DPD has personnel to proactively fight crime.
Thanks John! Excited for her, but so far away from Mama!
thanks so much! :)
Avatar is amazing. Politics & narrative are some real Lawrence of Arabia BS, but the visuals & tech are astounding, 3D so worth it.
jammin' right outta school.
you're forgiven ^.^
Almost Nunez! Almost! Gotta love a dude who never gives up!
thank u sis
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer and a wife.
That math problem that disguised itself as an English question is now off my brain. Now I can sleep in peace.
Just had a chicken fried steak the size of the state I live in. So full x.x
noni >> lol that is one funny & blunt person
I know it sucks for him, but dude can't play 3 weeks straight in the field without hurting himself.
Had never heard of Fleetwood Mac's "Albatross." It plays during the end credits of World on a Wire
was it hard?:o
Oh aha how cute, same here!
day 2 of #ActionCOACH North American conference.... started the day with a brisk walk and now I'm ready to learn!
Just had the best time there Baleens was Great! Smores on the beach had so much fun
congrats! very impressive indeed. & kudos to all of our friends who are by association linked from Wired as well Yip! :D
I just ordered a pizza from dominos from an iPhone app....complete with order tracking. I'm feeling very sci-fi.
Rivera injured no
May the 4th be with you.
I want to volunteer at a hospital, so I have to write an essay saying why I want to volunteer and fill out an application
Hooray! The SMPS Golf Tourney is around the corner- JUNE 1 - Beautiful Coronad0 Golf Course! Registration is filling up fast!! Secure your…
next year...we need to come to #Cannes with a film, let's make it happen XLT!!!
finnished with appointments
what took so long??
Damn you KB.
Just because we had a thing in the past doesn't mean I still want u :) haha
San Diego is moving & shaking. RT : Congrats on the new move, should be a great 2012 for you.
Show was canceled tonight just for my band...the guys cant make it in cuz the city is nuts with hurricane-itis
Somebody who can groove as good or even better than me turns me on.Nothing worse than causing friction instead of dancing
not sure I'll have to do anything other than work, but do you all have any tasty food suggestions for me?
Hope Dog House cleared up all their health dept. violations. Eeewww.
Thanks for following! We look forward to your tweets!
Not picking a big club was my guiding principle. Other than that it was who wont get relegated then who do I like in that group
it was great
Hahahaha i love watching people zumba
A spam emailer addressed me as Dr. Carlos A. Northern today. Looks nice. Not for some years though. At least 12 more.
haha ya actually my big brother did so :p (;
Jeepers man! This guy David Vidal is really good! he's here til about 730 tonight. Come join us if you get a chance.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !!! 👶
Oh life you never fail me when you have a glass of wine and great company to share it with!
I just saw that Bill Nye has Twitter handle, way to be first-comer!
darn! i cant do anything today cause i was gone all weekend!! :(
That's awesome! Drink a Guinness for us!
Okay. Only 2 beers tonight .......
and I will be there!
If wasn't awake at first, the sound of over 1,000 butterflies fluttering around sure woke her up!
are families going to be your target audience?
Death is the same way: It either teaches you how little you appreciated the one you had, and how much more you can give...
*sighs* I'd so appreciate it if you'd explain to how this whole thing works. #MayersofPain, my minions, help?
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
See you guys Thursday!
Share your tips on achieving a great balance in life!
The Ginger limeade from is fucking bananas in the best possible way.
Quick Fact: A recent poll has shown that 1 in 5 Americans believe President Barack Obama is a practicing Muslim.
What I heard from today was seriously mind blowing. Didn't even make any sense!
Editorial – Jersey Shore, American Idol, Big Bang Theory ...
its you're lash
yep its gonna be awesome cant wait #FooD RT : The Big Taste tonight at Pier Wisconsin www.milwaukeefood.com
I take that as a yes
Hrm. Could school factors still make a difference for the small subset that get it, but aren't smart enough to teach themselves?
Some times i wish twitter had a like button.
EARTH DAY: Let us treat our Mother well!
This USF vs Notre Dame game is going to give me a heart attack.
See, this is why I can't have kids yet, I'd break them.
haha NO! I fell for that last time! Hand it over and nobody gets hurt lol!
will i have an awsome dream last night so i am going to make it in to a moive ;-)
i need a freakin cover photo for freakin facebook.
“: Here's to the girls who try to ruin happy relationships. #FUCKYOU” fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck YOU
Don't forget to "like" us on Facebook, too, for even more info on upcoming events & opportunities! www.facebook.com/linkingindywomen
The Roots. That's all u should need to know.
Even better that it's FDA Approved NASA Technology. Thank god for the future.
Fuck....every time Apple releases an OS X update my printer gets a cold....
I've said it before, but never on Twitter: is the world's best live performer.
is this U? Join the world!
just about passed. As far as rye rye I'm gonna kick his tail
When they clearly were walking and running fine the whole day!
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie. He has to be out of retard english roles by now
RT : More than CEO's r concerned about NLRB action
I don't want to screw up this world with my ways.
But I know there's sunshine behind that rain I know there's good times behind that pain, Hey Can you tell me how I can make a change ?
Tired but can't go to sleep!!
you don't wish them ill though, right?
Such a productive night!!!
did we just dream of this day a year ago? how much has changed #Libya gives me hope ! #teamObama here in USA together we can
Where you point out that cons are closet soc. (I think that statement is a bit of an exaggeration. They have soc tendencies).
I look at the brand list for on April 28 and I'm still blown away. So many good folks. You'll want to be there, too.
Milk?? Last time i checked
Wondering if is going to bail when she sees the list I'm making for us to talk about over lunch today. Much to discuss!
That's awesome! You working there, know someone that works there?
That brief awkward moment when derrick rose closes his mouth all the way.
You know what I dislike very much? When sitting in social security or a dmv waiting zone, people who stretch backwards and get in my space.
Oh, what are they?
NYC really is huge. Subway's great too!
Squee! New colleague starts week from tomorrow. Pretty sure she's gonna be an awesome addition to our motley crew. :D
My stomach keeps growling, I don't want to eat though.
Always glad to help out - thanks for putting together such an amazing event!
Btw Kris, your auto biz depends on ppl trendy. ;)
Chick in front of me is way too loud. I doubt anyone in this lecture cares that u r ambidextrous. So STOP shouting about it!
This just sounds wonderful.
phone still off n I see now yu wanna fuck with me
Had 2 reprimand a certain celebrity blogger about her "Mariah & Nick don't seem convincing as a married couple". She got told.
cop a shirt and ill throw one in free and you can use my discount code to get 10% off and free stickers/lanyards
Stepdaughter graduating from Nursing school this weekend. Got me feeling as old as her father.
LOLOLOL, omg. -dying-
Thanks for your support buddy.
want a Blow kisses not coke shirt?lol ;)
I really like Hootsuite .Allows for multiple accounts, users, etc. also.
Thanks for the reminder, Shirley! I am now!!
today @ school we had 2 create rollercoasters my friend Faith kept calling me beautiful and stealing my penicl how dare she >.< c:
Still working it... Dad isn't surrendering to the flow
I'm in NYC won't be able to go, next time I'm in town I will!!
Thanks for the retweet. :) Let's find Basil a home!
BEAUTIFUL DAY!!! RT: : It's an absolutely GORGEOUS day. Stop what you're doing and go enjoy
good luck!! Lol
Piggy Bank Promotions is off 1/6; join us again 1/13 w/Jen Garcia
ugh i hope so or else il cry
ariel ...iz gonna send it...in a sec kk.....im skinny so....yeah
Nice! Now we've got to LT it :-)
Lottie's Lounge - your Columbia City lovechild of the 98118 dimension.
The way my nose running you can call resisting arrest !
and University Heights
Can't stand the heartless,ignorant people who are being inconsiderate about Uganda .
GOAL! Adam Novack nets his second of the game to make it 3-2 Oakland
Thank you, Matt!
The book I'm reading contains one gathering--pages 57-64--twice. Haven't seen that before.
I didn't know if thats where you really live... 
watching answer the call concert. #genius indeed.
it only sucks if your single dude
haa I could go to store but we don't NEED anything. Trying to stay clear of the stores. :)
Respect It
I bet a friend of mine that Juwan Howard will play MORE minutes than James Jones in the playoffs!
My nieces and nephews are my little valentines today. Auntie is spoilin them rotten lol
I'll take a look. Thanks.
I Don't Like remix on the radio ! Aye this Chi right? <3
Did you know that Web of Knowledge offers direct export to RefWorks? If you don't see the button in WoK, contact your Thomson rep to enable.
Hey is there an outage in 32257?
chillin in bed , you?
#LMSunSIG faculty veering into using Camtasia. Prob with using a lot of disk space
thanks for commenting on today's Detroit Business Conference. Also - thanks for the PMIGLC tweets today, Watty!
Headed for the nitelite for birthday now
Nonsense. Nobody would ever ban hard liquor.
I'm hot and sweaty, but I got some nice stuff! I have also just about reached my limit.
97 new mentions for my org when I opened TweetDeck this morning (from Fri). Can't wait to go through and thank all you wonderful people. :)
alright cool. i didn't think so
#HHD have a great day :)
Ty gl to you if you're playing
UN: Emily.B.Cohen, fave playlists: Indie Roots Rock & Marathon Workout
I get that, but why are Y even mentioning it unless Y somehow think it means something nefarious happened to Breitbart?
L.N.B Style Facebook coming soon. I want it 2 show exactly who I am. Just know it will be #GlaMAZING where Glamorous and Amazing shake hands
Had a dream bout me nd a girl kissing.....then we were suddenly @ a party, then I woke up...
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. — Vince Lombardi
How come SLJ is calling me at the school I work at to subscribe? we already have a subscription.
i know my nigga gettin them questions comin out....
Catching up on a days work… Then on the Paramount studio lot!! Woohoo! :)
Coco's off her rocker. You don't sleep naked with other people's kids. She's not sleeping in that pic anyway.
#Shoutout to #TeamNoSleep ~ Tomorrow is gonna be really tough.
imu i can't wait until i see you
wat up bro
I Mean Hey ! *my voice* lol
I love classic romantic movies!(: <3
Should be cheering for the Bucks, but is in town! WE ARE MARQUETTE.
Musical artists are using iTunes and other digital distributors of their music to reach fans and earn royalties.
Kurt Russell had the best dialogue in Tango & Cash. Hilarious...
what u doing hows Chicago ?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Happy Mothers Day!!!
too bad, you just missed the best tactical performance by our leader harry!
#BOPPO! PSA: OPEN ROOM AT THE LOFT IN #BROOKLYN; CONTACT US IF INTERESTED. NO LEASE - EZ MOVE IN. ARTIST/LIVE WORK SPACE + HQ.
While driving substantial growth and fan engagement on North American television, via digital platforms
I want cookies! All I got was weak coffee :( RT so far so good! I got cookies.
Im cool w/ being a #braceface cuz i still look good with em but i don't like getting them tightened :(
border states goes into the press today. records into sleeves, into jackets, download codes added, shirnked and shipped fri
Don't rush back to the office after your doctor's appointment. If you didn't cry, you deserve a sweet treat!
Who goin to #KICKBACK sunday?
RT : Q6: More regular meals, less finding-Kim-at-the-computer-at-5pm >>ouch parallel lives except sub Felice/Kim
yes please!!
I am a college student getting into music business i keep a lookout on new talent
You are definitely the nicest person I know #not hahahahahaha
nothing + nothing equal nothing
bout to go chill with screch from saved by the bell
i was leaning ABrown and vjax. why Blount and DThomas? I actually lost out on Thomas, so he's not an option.
soo do you wanna maybe?
Thank you treefort you put on an amazing festival.... can't wait for next year.
“Social Media is about the people! Not about your business. Provide for the people and the people will provide for you.”
WITTY WED: Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
If you're on the way to #Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY! No mtns. Treacherous. Fog/snow/ice & cars sliding everywhere. Dead stop.
woohoo!! Good luck :)
Great video. We want one.
Love this...it's so true! RT : Each meal is a chance to heal.
Come to Brothers Bar next Saturday(3/17) starting at 5 am for St. Patrick's Day! Tons of beads, tshirts & fun!
Giving and receiving are the same.
my pleasure! I had a lot of fun! looking forward to doing it again 3/1 for
Its never a good thing when you start to clean out your desk and the first thing you notice is 15 or so batteries covered in acid.
May Day
Twitter rocks my socks
": Looks like I won't be able to catch the Galleria before it closes! :( Love that mall!" . That is one of the best malls!!!
I'm having a strawberry milkshake and it reminds me of the episode big time video. Tehe. :) brainfreeze sucks right about now. ;)
On this day in 1844, the Dominican Republic declared its independence from Haiti.
Roadtrip to #ny begins... now.
RT : MD Youth Advisory Council looking for committed & passionate youth 14-22 to be a voice in MD! Contact me for app!
Watching rock out on the drums with JD and the Squires!
similar but tonight's looks like the lowest
are you a bulls fan or heat
#icny dropping social knowledge.
awesome! :) RT : yes, is definitely on our list!! Lunch at Cafe Merlot FTW
Need copy? www.globalpointpr.com
