Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
You still don't get it - lack of Office is 100% of what keeps non-tech prof'ls from being able to use iPads as travel machine.
chillin watching TV
Was it my swag. Was it my style. Was it my chain that make them haters go wild.
well idk because we had our boyfriend/girlfriend fight in the hall way today...dont worry i guess i still love you a little
Share links of businesses in your locality so that you can improve your business position.
Stories help us to celebrate life with the children we teach and offer them the dream of improving the future ~J. Mittel Stadt
Thank you Karen.
Tux shopping...
ZOMBIE MODE MONDAYS! Vape heated....Coffee made!
Oh.. Wyd now?
Lovin' The Beach Boys...and making sure my kids know these classics too!
All Dressed Up in black--to wear with a couture purse made in the 30s. They will be a perfect match!
TY again for help w/ upcoming Chillin' and Grillin
True Born Records n
ROTC trip to simulate mission in allied country experiencing civil unrest... country called Atropia
Time to get ready for the day! :)
Not having a facebook is weird, but i dig it.
Your profile background blinds me!! xD But I miss you! :P We never talk anymore. :c
Raeburn - Big data isn't about the buzz - its about taking data and understanding how it impacts business - build an information advantage
Best friends get tatted together
Another late night coding session. I can't wait to show how is taking to the next level.
Today is my 10585th day after I was born
I'm a first-timer at this year -- who has some good advice for me?
Mountains are my tranquilizers and my energizers
You should have seen the lovely boner instead.
wish I had energy 2 see my friends Acacia play Red Devil 2night. I am totally done 4 the night and have already switched to Sleepy time tea
Nothing beats the smell of wood being cut. The chair for #Rings (working title) is starting to take shape. - CC
maybe one day ill get a bestfriend.
I shall never use profanity except in discussing house rent and taxes. ~Mark Twain
Going to #SXSW? Are you a #community #manager? I'd love to connect!
yeah i <3
Thanks new followers:
so true ..!!! I know the u hear this a lot but I want to try at only once can u please follow me ..!!!!
I'm proud of my neighborhood. #Beechwold folks (& Businesses) should be proud of theirs, Realtors™ be dammed!
Mine does too! *Screams* RT : I mean, my mom will text "CMWYGT", and EXPECT you to know that means "Call me when you get this".
Scared because of
Just saw cola company's creepy firing squad ad. Recalled potato chip company's creepy guillotine ad of early 1970s.
"The Nature Boy" IC Flair "vS" Coming 2012...
The white cement 3s is a must have
Taylor Dayne didn’t look fat to me.
Los Angeles is where its all!
About to take Apple's Messages Beta app out for a test drive. Stay tuned…
Saw Frontline doc & wanted to thank you for your courage! Ill be moving to UK to investigate media reform in light of scandal
Anyone that buys and drinks that "Crazy Woman Water" is a crazy fucking asshole.
what flavors are you going to make?? Let me know if you want some suggestions....
Cannot wait to read Jonah's new book!
Sean saves the day!!
We can't finish. We need to finish. Ugh
i just wish she woulda bust it open for a real nigga
“: Garden empty as Miss St leads Texas AM in 1st game.” Not UK vs Kansas, is it??
#20ThingsAboutMe 2.) My best friend in the whole world is <3
Yes I really do!
Another odd #celtics ending...
thanks for congrats. Let's talk.
I love the start by the #NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
They're just jelly that they cant pull it off like you can ;)
Oh THEM! (PRO). I love them! This will be my 4th, so I'll see you guys out there, at the beginning anyway. Training up two noobies.
Need a couple slick fits for #June7th &
What does everyone think about ( 2 ) 30 cent beers with the purchase of a dinner or combo meal?
Super SoulMotor Stocking Stuffer Special - CD
how many g shocks do you own
RT : When faced with a tough decision at work, I ask, "What would Roger Sterling do?" [Smirnoff]
@ #losgatosbrewery what should I drink?
#ItsCrazyHow your bestfriend can turn into your worst enemy
Noted!! What about my liver?
Happy Birthday Too Mee !!!!!!
lol that USE to be my bestfriend
About to watch "the help" , excited...
yes, only it was Nintendo cables mixed with Jordache....
Summer is coming! Patio will be open, music playing - summer cocktail Bleu Velvet: Skyy, lime, blue curacao. DM for deets!
346 direct messages in two weeks. You got to be kidding me. Twitter is overrun by spam.
Check out our new website! We've pared it down to better communicate what we do: bedo.com
Yuck, its way too hot & humid out
No secret, the whales like it! LOL! Understanding relationship between product and those who use it is essential. Learning.
I HATE LIARS -__-
I would've slapped him 👋 haha
If you need a refresher on building a website I have some free resources to help you. Free e-book and 26 module video course
Quote of the day "I want you to Transubstantiate inside of me" -
tv has you looking like a cone head lol
hey how have u been
Enjoying the killer #BuffaloTom at show from last fall - Can SO hear your laughter & Cortezscream
Dude. You should make a Ask Paris video really soon. They're funny as shit. :D
I certainly am. :-)
shout out to Jordan on 2K?.
Those woulda ended up as texts to you if you were actually awake
U scared to take it to the head
excited for my first #HFchat! I am a recruiter looking to network and help recent grads with their #jobsearch!
4 days left until the Coconut Grove Bed Races, Sept 5th www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344 will be racing.
Flash is used 90% of time. Windows media is also good for PC only use.
#sxsw Greenhornes after Jukebox the Ghost. Unique bout sxsw 2 c these bands in row. Jukebox youthful and poppy, n Greenhornes country rock.
there r soo many
Job hazard! RT : I feel like I need a separate tote bag just to get all my books to work.
It's always best to sit back and think of things from different prospectives than act off emotion
Chk out Hoop for Hope July 10. Ball 4 Real Street B-Ball Team & NBA Slam Dunk Winner will be there. Visit g3trinity.com
Charles chips a flashback to telemarketing at Tulane's alumni office and the chips being my dinner
thanks very much... I was blown away
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
no. I wish! Just a big fan who lives in San Fran.
Ugh. I think I have a cold... It must be this building...
Editing the Lazarus sketch tonight was brutal, yet fun. Dammit, I'm starting to enjoy editing. Damn you to hell, !
Tip #5: “Consider consulting a private clinical social worker, gerontologist, or other appropriate care provider." - A.A.M.G.H.C
Yaaaaaaay!!!I just won my one man monopoly tournament!!! bucket was it time out!!
If I ever shoot and kill a 17-year-old unarmed boy, I want a friend just like Joe Oliver.
That's a lot of people to get to sign your yearbook.
yes, would listen.
Watching Life & Times of Tim. NYPL scene.
Funny how quickly things change. Literally, in the blink of an eye.
we'll keep an eye out, thank you!
On to Question
The contest is almost over!!!
true!!! It's not about how u start it's all about how u finish!!!! Whoever finishes hot usually rides that wave to the championship
Oh yes! It's time for me to exit this cave! It wasn't in the earthquake, nor the wind...but the still small voice! GET READY
balls! April? Unacceptable!
Handyman work outside today! Sun, rain, hail, sun, hail rain, clouds and on and on, but I loved it. OUTSIDE!
IM SO SORRY
Red Bottoms over it ALL >
Please no more Strasburg news.
to just move on. Thank you so much sugar, youre a sweetheart!
Voltron, He-Man and Waldo in same commercial, pretty cool.
Dubai UAE Customs... I'm free in a few moments!
I need to book a flight to philly...
I was wondering why my shirt was choking me all day and then I realized it was inside out.... Good thing I had a scarf on.
WASABI! do you like sushi niall!?
hahaha..and I couldn't get into the office chair because someone moved the stool AGAIN
Broke down on the New Jersey turnpike. No shows for us tonite or tomorrow.
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
enjoying listening to Sam the Cooking Guy on the DSC right now!!!Love your show.
I agree! You and are a minority.
Guys, I love MST3K, but not “sixty RTs in my timeline at once” love. That just spamming. Cool it, OK?
how bout that I wish she'd come clean too...
Had Carey & Bell met in Philadelphia before Bell's death?
I like to count how many I lose after a good lesbian tweet! ;-) RT : Ha, someone totally unfollowed me after that tweet.
tell it to Faux News---where it matters! I'd guess that the few who saw that post probably understood my meaning, no?
sorry no good shot. Gate is too crowded, but u can envision 5 red shirts in over-suessedsized proportions.
I wish I could say I remember you specifically, but I remember the hoops sessions well!
Sounds good, I'll call you this afternoon!
Thats the worst part
Not a fan of tonights game, but for the fun of it the Casher is putting $100 on a Michigan and OVER the total Parlay.
22, 914 new clients in two years? Limited geography. Want to know more? Contact me. Results that measure up!
tell me what you know about tomorrow.
i'm good you?
I keep having wedding disaster dreams. Ugh...
basically Palmer talked about giving Eck advice pregame, then they had a shot of the #nesn booth with Eck & Don looking miserable
I've seen it
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
sent daughter to college with no loans
YAaaaaaaay they made peace! Thank you Jesus! Lol I was nervous lmaoooo
Confidence at an all time high. Hah.
up here watchin beyond scared straight on a&e and this shit is too funny but real
"do you ever just watch porn and cry"
a monday night without #prettylittleliars is like a year without rain
ready to go home for the summer. much needed family time <3
In order to be qualified to run for president you must read the constitution, know all of the state capitals and give me $5 for bus fare.
RT : RT : Do you love Indonesia also?
Contemplating if I should just go home after my next class.
Go get Cake Fetish today!!!!
Thx for coming by! RT : Shout out to excited for new changes!! You're the best!! Can't wait for grand opening!!!
U and I both , welcome aboard RT : ah I love
"stay busy and don't look back"
wine after chapter later??
“: "A little of this, a little of that, she makes my heart go flippity flap." Awesome! ” <- THANKS
Just realized I don't have to drive to school until wednesday. Tears of joy bc I will be saving gas :']
Really bummed I'll miss the demo of SUM for a con call
RT if you love Austins accent.
How is it?
If you are in a profession you should be reppin it at its best.. I don't want my nails done by some janky ass hands
Sent calligraphy wedding certificate to "East End" of Long Island today - love that part of the world!!!!
#thistimearound on repeat.. Windows down..
I think you nailed that one.
Metro State is taking on Nebraska Kearney (men/women) at this very moment outside our window here at USTACO HQ. Come on down!
Nice day outside, major cold front on the way! I must admit I am looking forward to it!
Sometimes even a good morning text can make a persons week
No, unfortunately we're busy with our DC, NY biz atm...you? are you going to do any reports from there?
Saying "Oh yeah" when in reality you're saying "What the fuck is he saying!?"
Can't wait for the medieval fair tomorrow!
RT When I reach 11k followers 2 random followers will get a Cold Plasma Cream ($150) pls Rt
glad to find you!I KNEW there had to be an organization like this!I relocated to Ward 8 & want to open a business.Let's talk!
Getting ready to send out some NOLA goodness to 4 different time zones, 12 pies at a time... Thanks, FedEx.
we opted for the blurred line over the black bar. Would love to know what you think -- touchy subject
DFL lawmakers are pressing Majority Leader Dean for details of the GOP open air stadium concept that will replace stadium bill
This week is shaping up to be a crazy one. Deadlines galore.
It is and it easily gets stuck in one's head. Wasn't there an industry with that goal?
I saw their wedges at Nordstrom - they are too cute!
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!!!<3 #MAKEAWISH - <3
The lady in fron of me just ordered an egg salad sandwich with bacon
I'm happy with what we have..Idk I guess just our nfl team gear!
hahahahaahaha! 🍧🎂🍰 it's only a week scout we got this 👊
This fan is glad you're doing good! good luck on the continued recovery!
German food for me is always like an episode of Man vs. Food. Food invariably wins.
I wish FOB got back together. Fuck everything else.
MSU Go Green Go White Go State
Did Walker show up to GOPfest or is he scared that too many Republicans are against him too?
Hi Ross! Thanks for the follow and leaving our computers int he safe hands of our new neighbors on 2nd St
Love that!!! Thanks BigLee!!!
Camp electric orientation. Wahoo!
In Wooldridge Sq. from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m., volunteers needed to help paint the gazebo and mulch the park- music by Inside Out Steel Drum band!
i might, depends how much money i have on me haha. what would you want ?
gracias! Tell all your friends to give us a listen too!
Some members of the #Jaguars fan base believe Don Banks is wrong
My fave, too. We should stream it in the trailer conf room at lunch.
Lmaooooooo I love it
“: Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's an experience.”
Out for Tanning and drinks Love my Bitches!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxox's
I have big dreams. What I'm trying to say is that everyone in my dreams is fat. Its getting really strange.
I'm totally leaving work early today to follow the live blog about the unveiling of the
That was the best #30rock I have seen in ages. Might I suggest going live each week? And #Community was pretty stellar too.
has anyone ever heard either of the bands 'Chevelle' or 'Bush' ? I might go see them in concert tomorrow.
Modern day American Christians don't consider how they can serve Jesus, but how they can be served by the church.
Indeed I do.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby Community Band will perform their Mid-Winter Concert at the Strand today at 2:00pm.
: I can't do it this Saturday as testing my cart with the Boy Scouts at NPM! But I did RT so hopefully you'll get some peeps!
so any word about documentcloud and citability and attending the codeathon on Sunday?
In America, sex is an obsession. In other parts of the world, it is a fact.
easy don't tell me what to do! Lol
what will u do
I cried in glee because it was so sad and now im crying in new girl because it is so funny
Lets go Beltran !
To the portal
Thanks for a great training and for getting us started on twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
I had a zine in 90s. People actually paid me for it too.
So my aunty just came in my room to see what's wrong with my tv and she saw a empty mini Hawaiian punch bottle in my room and
Had a mini heart attack cuz I thought Bruno had a girlfriend looool
Where is online TV headed? What web TV business models will survive? What do you want to see happen? Join the discussion at
I LOVE how Alexa takes the time to re tweet her fans 😌 It's just something every star should do.
Feelin those t shirts. Gotta have sum Yeap
Hoping the weekend was longer
"a 'shot'!" hahahaha!!! was that an alcohol pun?!
I was wondering the se thing myself...
Not you for my Vegas buddy Kaeden.
is fiverr down?
The Colts are so bad they may not be good until they are able to draft RGIV.
I wish polyvore was my closet..le sigh~
we can never be alone cause we have our friends.. and finally, you ditch me like 6 time already, so yea
So glad we DVR'd the Sox opening ceremonies
Great day of interactive presentations & just happened to find a jazz jam at Wally's Cafe right next door to
He's a phenomenal player. I agree with those that say he would be better hitting leadoff again.
HZA LOLcats usually make me want to punch things. Am I heartless?
man i really hate losing things. esp my keys. SO frustrating.
Happy Saturday :) what are you guys doing today?
l0l well maybe i was a lil serious :)
oh. Yeah, I'm not sober, hence my foot in mouth syndrome. Hahaha!
BLASPHEMY!!! and it was online =P hehe
If you are a runner -- keep running! If not, start ;-)
no worries! Thanks.
trick daddy seen this n said "that's who U need 2 get at 4A single, tell him U my babymomma"
RT : Send us questions for Scoonie Penn concerning the Final Four and the Kansas macth up and anything else.
Just heard someone from interviewed on NPR!
#ChelseaFC Let's make it a Blue Day!
Have you checked out our Facebook page? We interact with our friend live on air nightly! www.facebook.com/dealshow
More people should sing out loud when they walk
you eat here and we're amazing :p
the whole Victorious cast is a big part of my life. <3 Liz is my world.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest. Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Haha only ones I take I suck at other ones Haha
Looking for pool cleaning services in Austin? Look no further than Crystal Clear Pools
RT : Home Field Advantage!!!!!!! Let's go Saints!
We're celebrating #Madonna's "Girl Gone Wild" Sunday night at with giveaways galore & a set by !
Heart breaker, amongst other things
Thanks for the follow. Had not heard of FACES before. I'll share with my gf who does therapy. Love Dan Siegel!
Couple of days at the lake... now it is time to get back to work! I have to kick ass at some meeting today! Wish me luck!
the second photo on your tweet deck, that one. Thought that's what distracted you Ann ;).
Good idea. We're on it.
Yeah, after that shot, I'd say Bradley's confidence is high.
Off to work...
Start Monday off right with some new pop electronica tracks from producer/song-writer Mark Okoh and I. The first 6 songs are new and we...
ha! Yes. Although she's from East Rockaway, but she was caught doing her thing about 8 mins from my parents house. Yikes!
Someone telling you they've never met a guy as sweet as yourself.
the piece is my favorite standard unit of measure.
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
wait, that was AC, wasn't it?
Congrats Yotes on ur Pacific Division Title
I'm ready to walk 2 miles... Not Now! But Right NOW!!! LMBO! I Feel Renewed In My Spirit, Like No Other... Just Absolutely Phenomenal!
thx! I'm trying to :)
Once a badass, always a badass.
The louder a GIRL plays her music… the more you know how bad the break up was.
airports are the new black
Congrats! Does your contract include a hair and makeup stipend? Oh wait...
Oml I'm thinking about canceling this party and just makin this move to Atlanta
you sure can say all. We can call it an 11 flavor tie!
I got two calls right after I tweeted this
U already N brodi, search "Koncrete" in tha request box...
it forces you to type in a way that makes you faster at typing- whether auto-correct is enabled or not. If I went the other way...
LI$TEN TO "FUCK YUNG" BY . IT WILL MAKE YOUR CREDIT SCORE GO UP!!!
very happy! :D
I can't wait to play around on it this weekend.
It's better to do it than talk about how perfect it could be.
Michael is calling for Mayor Soglin to try sleeping on the streets with the homeless. "I've for a tent for you, Mayor"
#Boston #realestate market is HOT. Make sure you have a Realtor buyer's agent to represent your best interests for a seamless transaction.
I say, your generation don't mean a thing to me.
It sure is! You should take advantage!
OH! What's the CueCat??
Alright, Cap Public Radio, now that is gone (which makes me sad) lets shake things up & give a show. ON AIR!
this fight tonight was supposed to be with pacquaio. But he didnt want to
Bitches hste for no reason
Good Morning everyone, I love when my day starts off like this. Nothing is out of the ordinary & no one is safe!
welcome love ya xo u coming to halloween at my house on sunday?
I still got clothes to fold up. "/.
With Google+ business pages - peeps have to circle you not you circle them - says
i love you <3
no better way to start a hungover Saturday than some
are you the one to send pitches too?
Moved slow as molasses up and down the butte, but for my standards (aka not slipping or falling 2000 ft), I think it was a success.
is retweeting myself the twitter equivalent of liking my own status on facebook? because if so i need to start doing that
Welcome to our newest team member Sadie!! Sadie comes with years of experience! She is looking forward to meeting you!!
follow me <3 please (:
how long does this sxsw app take to process the events? it's been 10 minutes so far. maybe i'll take a bath and it will be done?
Has your hand gotten any better ?
Heading to chapman university to be an extra in a film about Taft coming back from the dead and running for president again haha
I should tho.. Great high five??
damn son this world is grimey. glad your all g though homie.
R. I. P. Dick Clark. An American T. V. Icon... My prayers go out to his family. God bless you
No dice. I do have a meeting tonight. Enjoy the toddlers!
My favorite is the Calimocho! Can't beat Coke and red wine.
God is so good...Major moves ahead!....Hello World
YES! RT lining up October, November and December..... goodbye beach hello snow.
Just watched "Hoosiers" with Andrew... He didn't see me cry...
We have one in abq this Friday!
Thanks Adam!! RT :
I like that the only question they ask Billy Dee Williams is how he feels being the "token black?"
Listening to new gospel album 'A Beautiful Soul' while I wait for my car to be worked on.
Heresy! I'm going to have it on a bagel with berry jelly right now just to spite you.
Saw "name calling" clip. I got love for (he's brilliant) But reps a bastion of intellect & cool (he's Malcolm X)
That's a 3! Black Mamba!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail - John Wooden
is so hot today omg man
I understand your point, but as Ron said at the last debate "team players" are what got us into this mess
Smh. I'm effing hungry....again. I need to get snacks and whatever else. I can't deal right now.
Shout out to on the new member king win congrats
Glad to be back home in NYC! I'm such a New Yorker. I have a hard time imagining myself anywhere else.
so excited! Just rec'd the news that Ethiopian Orphan Relief made it to the next round in the Classy Awards!
I am DEFINITELY craving a caramel hot chocolate
this womack household will pray for your deliverance
Fill in the blank: The dish I crave most is __________.
Time 2 eat, lay it down, & watch some movies...
lesson: tech moves faster than Hollywood, be prepared
The late-60s Beatles would have dug act 2 of "Candide in the Sky With Diamonds."
I'm over here writing that shit
Yes! Maybe the Bass-O-Matic will sponsor Rush. #whenNBCthoughtslutwasfunny :)
84% of ppl see events & experiential marketing as impt/very impt to their marketing mix
Well ACTUALLY.... It's time to perfect the pat down
Gah, my hair smells awful. Maybe coloring was not the wisest of Friday night activities.
Enjoy the last night of the long weekend with Happy Hour!
Man up, buddy.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 7
whoosh, ran a 7 min mile after a full body work out, I feel Great !
Nice job there. Why is Nate hitting here?
You know your bored when your playing scramble with cheez- itz and playing temple run
I'll be the downer session. Just wait!
Back to the base, everyone accounted for especially the two patients. Minor lacerations to the thigh and head, however sever hypothermia.
- Glad you enjoyed this post. Thanks!
Thanks to dedicated volunteers like my aunt is celebrating her 50th bday today!
haha. Where are you from?
Right! My character must have a cape!
I can relieve stress with out smoking weed :)
Y do bitches get mad off of comments, like u toldem 2 pose naked n pics
if you insist on being an ass, don't be surprised when you get fucked
I'm going to be home in 3 hours
hahaha no way?!?!
Life is so tough...sometimes we need to learn to let things be in our minds but we dwell so much..
Answer = both “: Big headache or big steal? The Rams select North Alabama CB Janoris Jenkins with the 39th pick. #SIDraft”
Marlins sweep the Giants, bows her head in SHAME.
#July4 Weekend: Hosting a John Adams DVD party Friday - Monday. Great inspiration for today's #Teaparty #patriots!
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 1:06:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Dear Followers Please do me a simple favor and go to Facebook and LIKE the Nola Guide for me. Please! Muah! xoxo
Today was a good day, spend my day with my cousin got our stuff for grouptherapy and edclv (: cant wait !!
Thanks for the Follow!
NO ONE is going to pick him up at $6 million.
GOODMORNING!!!!!! I hope you have an amazing day. I LOVE YOU
Good Morning to you!
How can I lose something from my house to my car?
i think i have to! i think we need to be roomies!!
oh yea I got u
Best Day I've Had In Awhile.
Or you can tweet us on here for the video, thats fine too!! :)
well u shudnt be
let me know more about this hun
and for you, rainbows.
Congrats to on the 2010 Tour de France win!
I trust you . I don't know why I can't get myself to do it . You'd do anything to make sure I didn't get hurt .. Yet I still can't do it .
such a good movie, 👍
Thanks for tuning in, ToMM_E_P!
is lizard lick starting back up June 10
yea bro at like the end
should become engine supplier in
It is amazing to watch our fans grow to 1,170...we are ecstatic that you all have decided to be apart of the B-A-H Nation!!!
“You only live once, but if you work it right once is enough
I'm playing the Stephen f Austin hotel terrace bar solo at 5pm. 7th and congress. 2nd floor. Yew haw.
yeah I know but nah waste of money :p
homemade pizza, the best pizza you can't buy!
Hockey would be more exciting if they always played with two pucks.
GO KINGS!
I went on a date with my internet service provider. Not calling her back though. Just didn't have a good connection.
Im gonna cry.
You know of any E.T.'s that uses more then 13% of their brain or brains ? #short87%
haha I don't think so! I am not stressing myself out nope
You forgot to reply to me on that. Right now it just looks like you're talking to yourself. LMAO
hugs to all! We are thinking of you:-)
I hate going to school!!! I hate waking up. I hate getting ready. >____<
I love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in Boston this evening ...
My point is, "conservatives" like you wear that label like a Juggalo wears facepaint, but you don't have an actual argument.
I feel your pain. Today was no bueno for me either. Hang in there, we're so close!!
60 and rainy drive to work at
Can't wait! RT : Doors open in 30 mins for C&P ! Don't miss the area's finest as they battle for the champ title!
The electricity is so janky in this apartment, we've spent the past 20 minutes playing with ALL OF THE LIGHTS ALL OF THE LIGHTS
First mosquito bite of the season. Sigh. And so it begins...
If your two-faced..Hun well at least make one of em pretty(:
GO RANGERS!!!!!
Tonight's moon looks like something out of a Tim Burton film. Catch a glimpse if you can.
bring a doggy bag by the studio!
:O o I'm scared maybe I'll just stay here loool
I know you aint mad
sounds great!
As the smell of hookah smoke filled my living room it took me back to the days of my idiocy in a mideastern restaaunt, in my youth...
YAY! I can't wait! So much food and so many places to see !!!!!
turning 50 will help! You care less, or you forget more.
I need Youtube to get a repeat button
One last bowl of chili leftover for lunch today. Looking forward to it!
enjoying some music with hill song-shadow of your wings
Movin some furniture around uptown! and
My heart goes out to you!
Thanks Derrick I appreciate it
I'll find us both a marine while I'm there ;)
what happened to you? 😔👎
HA! #LoveIt RT: #PIMPtipoftheday: If someone has rancid breath, tell them.
I'm cravin some of fye hot lemon pepper wings!!! Guess ill have to wait until next Saturday a L.A.X nightclub
I have received my first ever tattoo! It's for accurate placement of the radiation each week.
LOLOL it does!!
Lol bday presents are welcome for #rumdiarieshouseparty but not required . Just come and drink, dance and have fun !
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed..
Good morning. Time to get some "work" done!
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for your youth educational programs.
you so cute.
:)) now get Avery to get a twitter!
ok thanks so much and hahah i hear ya
haha totes he is dang sexy
ight I'm a see what's gud
Hi Stephen! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
Let me get back to 2k. Gamer tag TASHI09 if you bout it.
Up too early, but since I'm up NIGHTMARE!
Up....think that was going to call me
Today. Yesterday. Yesteryear. Goodyear. Goodrich. Richie Rich. What's it all mean, really?
Jury duty update: They called my name.
I have a good idea....you should tweet me because it's my birthday! yeahh good idea(:
thank you so much. <3
I know..He's lost a lot of followers. He should do something. But he just tweets quotes..:/
what's your Skype name?
Doug mmmhmm my people are your people
have great trip!
easiest thing to say when someone tell something and yu dont know what to say !!
Now I'm just sad.
Wow....and that's just the first seven minutes!
start a game.
Supposed to be another beautiful day! Hunger Games tonight! TGIF!
Man I'm tryin to have a party this summer though
So is it spring or summer in portlandia today?
We make that flavor! cc:
When I started Twitter, i could say anything I wanted. Now I have EVERYBODY seeing my tweets..Never take me seriously on Twitter..
RT : An impressive spy fiction panel. Includes Francine Mathews! MT Who's Coming to LJ's Day of Dialog 6/4?...
Matched 2 and the mega ball on one of the tickets...
just got robbed -______-
I just bought a new pair of New Rocks yesterday so I'm ready! See if he's Djing cuz Jez is coming to town!! woo!
I'll second that....Hey gorgeous....
is the realest girl ever <3
Welcome back to work, Twitterspehere!
": hit me up. Gotta rap."----DM me ya number again fam and i'll hit u up. Or either check ya DM and call me.
Early dismissal!! #Yay 😄
I was wondering if someone would step in on behalf of Ron. I'm extra happy considering your political pref.
; my night = awful. ugh.
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease & #inflection. Get superior oral care & take charge of your health. www.closys.com
Good Luck Eleanor! :) We love you,!
Wiz went h.a.m.
Who cares about what these over paid actors are wearing while average Americans scramble for food and gas money
Girl at , "You order your bold coffee with such boldness..Ha! (I did approach the counter w/an aggressive bark)
Ahaha I Swear I Hate U Messy/Ratchet A$$ Females ,, Like Fareal Grow Up Bluh!
#Vanderbilt #AISAPSI Thanks for the shout out & for coming to the session!
oye....hit me up on Facebook chat. wanna show ya a lil some some. - Mendez
I love quiet riot
My TL is mostly me
up and running! Thanks!
yeah!:D
awww man I wish I could be at that! My jojo on drums + crawfish ..... Ah yes!!!! ☀
The Other One > Spanish Jam > Wharf Rats is delicious!
RT : A7 issue with LiveStream and Vimeo is that theyre both 1-to-many, no interaction. Check out and
What! You miss me, how could it happen?
Next time! :)
Always looking for great event venues in the greater Sac area
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear [ the world is ending ]
Lebron's mouth gaurd says it all... (y)
Fact! Strobe is the best song of all time to run to.
So I just scanned an item on a network multi-thing, allegedly saved to my "user account", but nowhere to be found. Fine, machine, you win.
absolute legend...I'm watching the Will Ferrell episode haha
My husband: If big eyes make some animals appear non threatening when will they evolve to laugh at jokes? I would like an Ed McMahon gopher.
Yes! at amazing drinks and #food!
It's Saturday Here Also :D xx
I love to listen to Passion Pit when I'm feeling down. Their music always boosts me up.
Oh, yeah. Real life has meetings.
back on track in 2 days!
Enjoying some cold french fries from Lansky's. M.
Riots & looting in London, world financial market collapse sparked off in New York. Watching the news is like sitting thru a bad movie. Sad.
Come out and play with a sexi young brunette beauty!!
Rooting hard for a Wisconsin gut check by Nebraska
Going to nickelback? decided u made a bad choice? looking 4 smthg else to do? Say hi to me & ride the Mechanical Bull-PBR Bar,Xfinity Live!
New looks on the way! I love reinvention!
That's why I dropped out, and play guitar! - Alex G.
Happy Sunday!! :)
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand
Once you put your hands on me it's on like #donkeykong ! :O
like when they refused to accept canada's free health care so they left hours after giving birth... good times, man. Good times.
Just starting your communications planning? Remember to start with strategy
Set 1 goal for yourself:walk/run an extra mile, skip the dessert, cut down on portion sizes. #smallsteps can get you to your wellness goals!
Such a beautiful day today. Perfect time to bust out those Spring shades.
Trust that with each step as you place your foot out into the unknown the ground will materialize underneath you
AKA has changed hes story a murder involving This could cause a #deadlock or
where is this dream home you speak of!?
lolol, we really sat there and had an argument about whether or not tupac was dead or not haha #ilovejazzy (:
Keep dreaming. You never know what will come true. No e-mail yet, so first thing AM!
so glad that my comments are seen! #makesmyday Thanks! Look forward to the issues in USM and your posts~
Lol Wow he was so adorable back then :3 like a little baby bunny Lol XD and Im 17 You?? :)
Rick Ross: "Eating breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the same damn time."
Damn my arms are getting bigger and stronger
Stay tuned for an announcement of an upcoming open house.
Is it weird that I make crying CD's?
how much tht is
yes you should cause you only live once!!!
Talked to my work yesterday. It's official: quitting my job to go to Europe for 80 days this summer.
What up Drama? I was wondering if could send you some music to listen to man? 5Fold..Columbus, Ohio. Born in Younstown.
where can i buy moxa sticks? anyone know?
In my next life, I am coming back as Jim Nance. Best seats for the Final Four, best seats for the Masters.
take deep slow breaths don't forget to stretch legs. A suduko might help:)
Watching the clothes go by. watching the clothes go by. At least it's not Saturday night.
congrats!! :D
- have to go with Beetlejuice. It's a tough decision though!
The Kid on the path to
Have lots of #dekoonig paintings swirling through my head. Amazing artist!
I done had my share with it.
Back on twitter and watching Boy Meets World and the Masters all day
Love the snow this morning in #RVA. Remember if you do some shooting to over expose to keep that snow white and not neutral gray.
will u tweet me "hey gorgeouse" and make all my wounderfull wishes come true :) ♥♥♥♥♥
#Heisrisen - Many blessings to all this Easter.
If you take pictures holding your shirt up and flexing, you're a tool.
Why does 14th smell like mulch, in the city I think that's just the smell of shit
You are on the rev lmiter today David! RT : There is no advertisement as powerful as a positive reputation traveling fazzt.
I love you ^o^
can't wait for Powers on FX.
12? When did they make that rule?
Shut up, no one likes you.
Playing some super monday night combat! Good work
#FF I miss you ladies!
Acting and interviewing people. It's my calling!
Jack Johnson tonight, yes
Had a great time at Kohls Design Center!
Hopefully im going prom shopping
here's a tissue!
Thanks bromo. You going to Meline's mic on Thursday?
yeahh (: anything new happening ?
this shit needs to end
Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called "friends"! I hate you so much no words can describe right now.
is AMAZING!
absolutely. great minds think alike!
How many feel they have a portfolio that is interview ready?
OH, is that's where you've been!
If anyone wants to start a new business, they can do so until 1/27 for only $5 up front.
My mom is snoring while Harry potter is on. My eyes and ears hurt right now -.-
BOYFRIEND *Boom*
How much time should we spend on social media websites? Is it valuable or just 'screen prison'?
What goes up must come down an karma is a bitch when she come back roun
Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us! Lots of #Gratitude #Blessings going around as we get ready to unveil the speakers
:( feel better !! Mish u
There are very few ways in which life could get better right now
I like when the Yankees lose
Update: It was cereal night at our house. My Hubby made a late night pan of brownies. So much for the diet!
"Play is our brain's favorite way of learning." - Diane Ackerman, Contemporary American author
RT : so interesting RT : Homeland EP on "star-f-cking" that goes on at HBO, he's glad his show didn't land there...
VooDoo strike first with a touchdown pass from QB Kurt Rocco to WR Josh Bush. 7-0, VooDoo lead.
From the moment I met you,everything changed.I knew I had to get you, whatever the pain I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile♥
Just found out the #In-N-Out being built right by us in Hurst, Tx is open! Guess where I am heading for lunch?
"we don't appear to be on the same page" #business / "you've had too many wobbly pops, let's call you a cab!"
Well it's so far away that I thought I would eventually get to it x) They were over $300 and it was because she bought an
Thanks for your kind words. I like the idea of mobile learning to teach responsible choices to kids. Execution is the question.
What you don't want to live the High Life? Guilty as charged I'm afraid...
cashing checks and snapping necks
Woody Allen wins best screenplay! woo hoo!
to me he was better the rose cp3 and Westbrook cuz of his style of play and that ring hate Boston but fucks wit him
UVa "Venture Summit 2011" was great
hey thanks for following us...
We don't need your money, money, money
A3) I try 2 keep business hours, so 8-4:30 I work. I ignore laundry & other crap until my biz To-Dos are done.
haha if it gets there first! :)
I really hope they don't need me at work today.. I don't feel like working
thanks, Jess for the #WW - and for your blog, which make me smile each and every day!
Mr. Orange's bill doesn't address charters & doesn't support DCPS's work. Can Mr. Orange name a curriculum currently used in DCPS?
TUESDAY, AFTER CHRISTMAS
great! Get entered into our amazing competition and win a trip for two in the USA!
absolutely! DM me with your contact info!
You think I never liked you but #TruthBeTold I've always had feelings for you.
Slowing sipping a Deliverance. Even with the 80 degree heat today, the blended BA Angels Share/BA Serpent Stout is just amazing.
J. Hickman's run in detail, we shall! Starting with Reed Richards...
REALLY nice talking to you. Now we're connected. We can keep in touch!
Just wrecked my physics test.
lol. “RT : Dr. Paul Q. Judge is a name out of Central Casting for a mad scientist, or a James Bond villain. cc #Pindrop”
hey we need to talk
👎😡 RT : both of our Saturdays have been shitty. 😒
I have a feeling I'll wake up sick tomorrow -.-
Family exercise is a healthy choice. This might take the form of a day at the beach a hike or maybe just some fun bowling!
Ewww jerks!! Fabian and Cesar are still my favvv
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.” ― Isaac Asimov
lmao you got me rollin lol! 20yrs old n afraid to stay home solo I smell bullshit!!!! I'm not gonna trip
is the most attractive thing I've ever seen
Change is going to happen, regardless of whether or not you want it to.
I freaking lost 4 followers sorry guys I wasn't on for a while cause I had cheer non stop!
Awesome!! Great training!! RT Off to swim, bike, run
had briefcase miss my head by an inch as careless pack the overheads dope pushed his case above me on a flight. Eight lives to go.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Mixed Girl #ThirstTrap'n!!??
let's hope he make that change, even a walk is ok
2 Finga's In The Air
LOL! I know what you mean. Until this year, we barely had one.
Better report me now then. LOL
You know we have had this Rapp-Coudert Committee or Rap the Coudert Committee, I do not know which it is. [1944]
(: listening to ur song,"born this way"
can't believe it is Wednesday already! This week is flying by!
Want to rewatch SECRET OF KELLS and blog about it. Can't till after midterms, sad day....
Ha! nothing motivates like guilt.
Enjoy life and it will show you more and more to enjoy. It will point out your desires of what you want life to be. It is all already here.
Good morning twitter
Where are all the smoothies in LA?!
#Excited Cant wait to copyright these tracks!
Every organization needs one core competence: innovation. And every organization needs to record & appraise its innovative performance.
"No being, no relativity or finality, exists except in direct relation to, and dependence on, the primacy of the First Source and Center."
is that dutch for "phlegm?"
AZ claims they "probably" would not be subject to prosecution.
Having A Wonderful Day ! :D
RT : Reframe librarian as innovation seekers & patrons as participants; libraries r about finding "ah ha's"
Casablanca *le sigh*
LIVE SPAIN-HOUSING SPECIAL: Barcelona 2 bedroom apt BY THE BEACH. Barceloneta area. 750 E/month INCLUDES UTILITIES. Email
I had maybe 26
Long day . Tired of stupid freaking drama . Feel as if Danielle is my only real friend now , ♥
By the way, the 'Riches of a City' special event today is FREE for all. Still plenty of time to get down here & get your PDX history on.
that's "crime to do", "crime to do". If you haven't got the space, you have to empty the jails :)
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson said, "Monthly job estimates are volatile, imprecise and unreliable."
Can't believe this exotic animal escape is making front page news all over the country. How embarrassing Ohio!
they're pushing it with Sally, obv. Show waited 18 months to air and only moved forward about 10. She's worth it, but still
lots of tools here I hadn't seen before. Will check them out next time I am putting wireframes together.
Hope u have a great weekend!
Happy Easter (:
We're excited for tonight's #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement at ! Can't wait to learn who the lucky couple will be!
Eric McClure led away to local hospital on stretcher #NASCAR is said to be responsive
great party last night! Thanks!
The stars at night are big and bright....
perhaps something along the lines of your poor workload allotment does not dictate my course modification. ;)
Webcam Connects Newborn With Deployed Dad
- Make sure you bring your video camera! Its going to be that type of night
#actorsloungelive moderately talented dance group
"I am going to tip you so hard."
Robert Allen teaches the Emile Coue quote: "When the will comes in conflict with imagination, imagination carries the day" We'll help you...
I love you is 8 letters but so is BullShit!!!!
Bradley Center Ticket Office will have extended hours tomorrow! Open 10am to 4pm.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change. Life's too short to be anything... but happy.
masterchefs good.. But yer shows the best. Any plans for a a bizarre foods meets master chef contest show?
hey how have you been haven't talked to you in awhile!
man I miss the Black Butte Porter. Used to drink it a lot when I lived in Montana. jealousy out here in Indy.
Good point. I mean that the resulting apparent pixel size should be about 19-21px. But good call on the ems.
E.T.O.L.U. In t minus 3 hrs
Nice weather for a walk. Gonna soak up some sun and get out of this stuffy room.
the teenage years suck lol
busting out the clubs tomorrow with
no haha luckily i had my Republic with me so i got something done.
Done doing some professional reading. There will be nothing remotely academic allowed into my head for next 12 hours.
Time to take my book to bed? I could probably stay up longer but I'm getting a headache and I do have things to do tomorrow.
thank you Shuga!
I'm gonna miss high school /;
it has been 489 days since my hair has been cut any. May 11, 2012 will be the 500th day!!!!!!!!!!! #excitedness EEP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like seriously go watch the steelers game at home so then I can go home...
Thanks for the RT yesterday! How are you? Enjoying these great El P temps?? :)
Become all that you can through your faith.
ugh?! Wear gloves and use sanitizer liberally! “: My lead guest this Sunday - GOP hopeful Rick Santorum.”
holy crap l love ur pic
hahahaha, uh, YEAH!! .... U know I have no idea why ur talking about, right?
Ok BEDTIME. SWEET DREAMS :-) TOMOROW SCHOOL :'(
So Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and Happy Mother's Day to the greatest person I know. My Momma:)
Oh so lovely
Im serious ROTFL at &&
A big Congratulations on your victory last night
Tax Returns for Massachusetts Candidates Show Neither Qualifies as Average
Godspell! SO excited!! RT what show are you seeing tonight?
RT : Only in New Orleans does your electrician ask you to put his daiquiri in the freezer while he goes to get more supplies.
I know nothing about Hunger Games other than what I see on the TV ads - is it a remake of The Running Man?
O.o I butt dialed my gf phone -____- I hope it was turned off. Lol don't want er in trouble.
My god yes!
it (re: acting & the opp) but had this music opp too & didn't want 2 juggle 2 much. Single coming soon :) Thnx for the support
#NBA playoff time bros! #Orioles gave it a go but this one is done
I think she sings.
I'm amazed at all the girls wearing padded bras and make up to the gym. I'm holding the girls in & sweating my ass off. Go back to the club.
In this car its irrating lol i hate it
Good judgment comes from experience, and that experience comes from making bad decisions. ~ Anon
Brb looking at Jupiter
Caroline is not just talking about autism. She talking about respecting and valuing all people.
aw you know you miss me
um I don't know.. the pink one is really cute but personally I'd probably pick the black one.
Rams broke through...whatever..
Its never fun to find people its too hard!
If I were Jesus, i would tell u that yes;n part gays r born "that way" they got seriously defective genetics as a foundation n a sick world
I Love You ♥
loves to tweet c:
Did NBC just play salsa after the Victor Cruz TD? LOL
PJ Walters now officially a #Twin after giving up all I those bombs.
Today was a weird day
Out of uniform for the rest of the week
Beez in the trap!
Please stop Following hes a sex offender.
in the mood to sing "Friday" noww..
thank you guys! I seriously cant believe this!
I am still learning to discipline my self. Self discipline begins where lip service ends.
Ride home in the Escalade limo, nice perk for working nights for the company :-)
Welcome in--thanks for visiting Balsan.
I haven't been this happy in a long time!!! But I can't believe I have to go back to school tomorrow already :(
texting someone first and they dont text back FUCK -__-
Excited to see Hands on a Hardbody at tomorrow. won us tickets at #ArtWalk on Saturday. :)
I just doing me bitches going to get chair to the face(:
who's Meow. U mean Neis.
I just saw a guy without a nose.. no lie. he had no nose.
Worth knowing. Always appalled by natl Fox's troglodyte stands on social issues. Thanks for the tip.
Well, that's one of them. RT : When you go threw a series of NO's your new favorite word is WHATEVER!
free Original Glazed doughnuts all day! Come celebrate with us!
i don't know, i wonder.
Best programs to learn to make your own films now? I would say Maya and After Effects. Premier for editing since it works good with AFX.
If you become a great rebounder or a great defender, or both, I can almost guarantee your coach will FIND minutes for you.
Thanks again to all of our wonderful volunteers who came out bright/early to the #WAKA WateringHole at the 11th mi. of the #Shamrockin run!
Mike Hall's gig as studio host for the Big Ten Network probably isn't his Dream Job.
followed bro! Good luck with evrything!:)
Both at same time. RT : Do the #Nats still play "Bustin' Loose" as the home run song or is it just the sub horn now?
couldn't that be said for a lot of people's clothing? (made in china)
Coffee! It's 8am!
Nuggs youth kept them in this game. Our inexperience cost us. Time to bounce back at home!
Tonight's Modern Family was fantastic!
"One Less Lonely Girl" Dream of all, lucky few.
MT : "The Confederates fell back in great disorder, and we advanced in disorder just as great." -- US Col. Cavins on Kernstown
Ready to go to school today going to b fun
": In class listening to Life be god" listen to us during detention too!! Haha <3
wow, it is hard to type juicy juice. i keep saying juicy juicy.
SAVE on on your budget. GIVE to your favorite cause. FEEL GOOD. That's Your iDeals!
looking forward to our breakout tomorrow night & will have a deck ready by midnight.
I don't really think he cares, My brother met him a couple years ago and said he is the exact same out the ring. Worthless
Just sent my MC's the tracks from my next release that they are going to be featured on. Expect to hear it soon!!!
“: I wish Waffle House would deliver to my hotel room.” lol. I love the waffle house!
Do you prefer to have your Lean & Green meal for lunch or for dinner?
GETTIN EXCITED TOO SEE OTHER SKEEZE'S WHEN YO GIRL IS RIGHT NEXT TO YOU
RSVP: Samuel Goldwyn Films
Fleury has now made two HUGE saves for the #Pens. This game could easily for 3-2 despite the #Flyers only having 9 shots.
I did my own eyebrows and I must say they look really good (:
Im so tired !
Im hungry
The sun is Beautiful !!! Now can you do something about the gas prices??? :-)
oh I also got tickled NON STOP today :( it was not fun!
Countdown begins just a few more days until Distro1 first show...
Hollie could have had a moment last week if she sang her 1st choice, "You'll Never Walk Alone", the anthem of Liverpool Football Club
It's a type of pattern. I would have drawn it better had I known they had an option to change the size of the ink ahead of time.
Hey , you don't stand a chance against Especially if all you got is the "you never played" line.
Rt if you love your TX fans :)
shit just to crazy...
I lived in Squirrel Hill a few years back and my wife and I have just returned (Regent Sq). What part of the city were you in?
Recently, I've been having the best Fridays. I hope the trend continues....
Yay! It's only a matter of time before the money will start rolling in! Let us know if you need any help.
along with our puppies Biggie and Tupac can we have goldfish named Streep and Clooney?
she's young. she'll figure shit out. if not, well....sucks to be her.
Lol NHL playoff games are crazy
Feel like I should get some kind of survivor t-shirt: "I survived the Scotty-O War Bus on March 5, 2011!!"
Better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text that i think i'm late text - Weezy
letz get it
Sometimes I just want to turn off my brain I think too much! Fuck!
We invested in uncompromising integrity that helped us take difficult stands in some of the most difficult business situations. -Azim Premji
Magic on the Piano Roll.
my knees on ten tho
OHMYGOD, GET IT JUSTIN, he is so fucking attractive...i just cant right now.
:( it was not funny lol.
I really like being myself!
I could go for some chocolates right know:).
Adobe's Elliott Segedah: Measure social collaboration on your site - users helping each other!
One #delighted is one too many, mate....
#ThingsGirlShouldKnow NEVER talk about your MAN to your FEMALE Friends.. Theyre gonna wanna "TRY IT OUT"..! #
Driving to St Michaels for r&r
I love the mother of my kiddos ! We would be broke, malnourished, unclean & lost as a goose w/o her! Happy Mom's Day!
Spent my 10-hour car ride yesterday learning the entire starting line up -- Go ahead quiz me!
#usysncs MS Fire U19B pulls out of tournament, forfeiting third game and making a shambles of the A bracket. Shameful performance.
follow me plz thanks
Is wishing 3 o'clock would hurry up! Just 3 more classes!!
Nice. Well done, you!
A pessimist is 1 who makes difficulties of his opportunities, and an optimist is 1 who makes opportunities of his difficulties.- H. Truman
awl ok watsup, what's your name on tumblr xp
planes, trains, and automobiles (in that order)...west coast to east coast in record time
Goo morning chicago!!!
WOW Really, WTF
did it look like Orthanc? That's what I'd do with $56m and a product called Palantir :-)
If you let me, here's what I'll do - I'll take care of you❤
ooh no then ill just cook I throw down in the kitchen..
#OkUPrettyBut can you provide 4 me and my child?
In north carolina, just a few more states til florida
Put in a sure starter to lead me for a fantasy win this week!!
justice for #TrayvonMartin truly sorry for such injustice.
MT Being told to expect an announcement of some sort on Jeff Casteel very soon. Could be as early as today.
We will have another live chat sometime soon! :)
How did I not know it was #BASHH tonight?
Sarah Palin looks really attractive in her 5" heels, but she should never be allowed to open her f'n word hole. Ever. Ugh.
Yeah. Sundance was TOO FUN. I think you'll like the movie.
Getting some chinese food and taking it in
Haha amazing! Enjoy yourself for me :)
More ukes for me!
is your new home in SD? We are looking forward to your visit to see #DomesticDisobedience. Nos vemos pronto?
absolutely! Create a marketing plan for your monument. How do you get your target audience engaged?
What's more boring than #NASCAR? Delayed
I feel like shit now woo we
I was mostly just lonely and wanted to share a meal. #hestillgothisdrinking$
If you don't care, why write?
www.beautifull.com The new site design implemented by Fluid launches! Check it out and get beautifull.
Josh hamilton is an actual monster
About to attempt to change the engine air filter in my car... this should be interesting!
Nice move but the reality is the WA AG is a paper tiger good thing the diamond guy didn't know
Partnering with FL Dept. of Agriculture on new Wahi initiative. Time for some Fresh From Florida seafood!
lol sorry for late reply but aw :/ but I think they will come eventually they know they have fans over there
9 people + and explorer + souther Indiana = amazing
that's it! I'm kicking you!
Could yu please help me with these history questions?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!16
Backstage we were all abuzz after last night's performance of the Brahms Piano Quintet. What did you think?
from checking in at dog friendly spots (dropped dogs off )
. 's ED Sylvia Garcia talks about TX leading the way in Latina elected officials-over 700 #webeatCA!!!!
our students are currently talking about proposed budget cuts
that's great!!!! Please contact Precious Little( VP)
Starting at Christys in 15 for #chmf....get over here!
Just got my nails done
The universe always supplies more than we can use. I am entitled to have my share that wealth.
I wish worked.
6 more hours to go.. 20 hr shift in the field is not easy
first and last time.. because you'll be playing the same game FOREVER
hahahaha what!!!!!??? Not a good combo!
If an NBA player is injured during the Olympics they have much more $$ to lose in their career than other sports.
Overheard on airport shuttle: "the surgery was successful so they were able to save her leg." yay! (hope she was worth it...)
You unfollow me because you're afraid of falling in love with me, I know.
The same person who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy, could be the person who cries themselves to sleep.
Odd how I start my Sunday morning...ice cream, chips and pop :D
Flonase with an Allegra or Zyrtec everyday...welcome to the south ;)
is available now for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services.
Just want to mention that we mentioned you on #NightvisionRadio because u r so awesome! Thank u 4 suggesting John Keel!
#nowplaying You Had Me At Hello - A Day To Remember. Probably one of my favorite songs ever.
Hi guys, #Shoutout to the coolest kid ever , go follow him, especially if u love Ariana Grande bc he does too hehe  :)
or the magnet kid yes I choose them I'm cool with most of them they won't mind ;D
guess what ! i'm so proud of you! i don't think you remember me from last year, but you've come so far!(:
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
A growing number of people in the UK plan to cut back on their spending this year, a survey suggests.
Our favorite part of shoot days like today? 3pm = snack time.
I think it's great to do tornado warning drills, but when they happen to start just as the rain begins, it's just bad timing.
I'm thirsty!
Practicing in McLean today. The staff is making arrangements for our new intern dental assistants starting next week.
me and Can Get Pia To Notice You
Uh oh....I think I have a crush. *sighs*
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
No traffic in the middle of nowhere!!!!!
not sure if this has been asked before so I apologize before hand. If Sulu was gay who would he Fuck, Marry, & Fuck somemore
... u will ever meet;) especially in green bay..all I know is I feel #blessed to be a part of such a special and amazing family
Im irritated a little bit now.
Drizzy Drake --over my dead body ←←I♥ THAT SONG♪
So every bar in town has a Tecate special, but does their special come in a long neck? Ours do! All day long
The fact remain..Mitt Romney only gives to his LDS church..NO community service among local communities!
One Direction: hott boyz making girls cockier since 2011.
We will be rocking a set tomorrow at @ The Haven in Orlando. We go on around 4pm.
HELLO TO EVERYONE!!!`
Wizards about to get that 6th straight win! Against the Heat!
i need more REAL males friends !
Why is it already Sunday?
We are hiring for part time community connectors ! Everywhere! $$
Thanks for following. Much Love & Peace to you and your music. Stay On Your Vibe
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
I think someone should buy me the Graveyard Girls book so that i can see me for a late xmas present
Business licensing is SO confusing. I've been redirected to like 15 different websites in 5 minutes.
lol wbu? are you doing anything this weekend?
She fat eatin all da food
things are looking promising for intros 434 and 435 which would reduce fines for admin violations from $1k to $250
Why does he have to be so beautiful!!!!! But then have all those scars -_- oh well. He seems like a sweet spirit.
and how did that go over?
Thanks #prodmgmttalk Great session. Good food for further study!
Call me an optimist but I think this CSI:Vegas team is going to solve this murder in about 55 minutes or so.
Is anyone participating in National Wear Your #Pajamas to #Work Day today? I'm curious to see if anyone is brave enough. If so, send pics!
Many thx to all who attended this morning's #BCAB2012 Vancouver, "Secrets of Powerful Communicators - Get, Keep & Grow Audiences," session!
and showed dominic her. YEAH the end. hahahaha.
Hey folks! Random Old Records is pleased to give away a FREE copy of the new Digital Leather LP Modern Problems, courtesy of !
I love you and your music. Just remember, forget the haters and live like they dont exist! Your amazing and i <3 ya!
enjoying fasting and enjoying. miss my dogs
South Florida cold front. When it reaches anything below 68 degrees, everyone walks around in big coats. We are so dramatic here. I love it.
people are cruel
im taking rhetorical criticism.. theory was a jolt at first.. but trust the reading smooothes out like them all :)
Might be fair use, but I think it does require attribution, which sort of ruins what you were trying to do.
just thinking about the recent debates between politicians/clergy, same-sex/hetero, republicans/democrats etc...
I apologize if anyone received a strange DM. Our account was hacked. Thank you.
Day# 1:Behind The Music Im up early going threw these beats.Working on the mixtape as well.Studio Time All Day. *Friday its showtime.
where's Larry at? I want my COOKIES!!!!
yes! What are you naming him !
U see who ur real friends are when u most need them , there aint there
ILike Better Just Cant Get Enough When Iconic BOYZ Did IT . TElling THe TRuth =P
You're welcome! Have a great class! [DS]
oh okay I was about to freak out. I hate English !
I had a friend who found the Forest of No Return but he's not back yet.
I have an In the Heights face.
When something funny happens and you're the only one laughing hysterically.
hopeful, yes!
Dancers today can do anything; the technique is phenomenal. The passion and the meaning to their movement can be another thing.
thanks for following me too. I have 2 girls as well, 9 & 5. 5 yr old has multiple FAs (pnut/egg/soy...) EoE & few other things.
Bustin Sherlock's and heady tings in the stu!
Are you going to name them after famous artists too?
lol I know, I couldn't even publish my workout today after that 😳
knock, knock knock, penny, knock knock knock penny. Agreed! RT “: it's hilarious!!”
Love sleeping with the windows open
etc. Who's up to hangout?!
I think that was the best at bat I've ever seen Recker have.
Farewell. RT Hatches between the International Space Station and a space shuttle were closed for the final time at 10:28 a.m. EDT.
I really don't care who wins but I want the series at least to be close smh
Yo dude ur the most LOW LIKE a DOG MAN! You're being such a bitch! I'm not fan of hers but damn even ?Dirty!
just want you to know that you've tweeted 64,000 times. Chill out maybe?
I miss you too!! <3
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Then Mike & Mike will dissect the NFL schedule release for 4 additional meaningless hours tomorrow.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm. -Vince Lombardi
What, I think you could pull off the cheesehead. Your accent has Wisconsin all over it ;-)
I better be. RT RT if you are attending a Warped Tour date, this summer.
This is deja vu all over again! #Bruins playoff power play is atrocious. Why can't they figure this out? Plenty of talent, but no goals.
a 15 point lead just evaporated down by the Mamba. Love or hate him You MUST respect him.
Watch the free UFC tomorrow at BW3 in south ridge or Timothy's bar on Quarrier an pick up your RCC tickets there. They have them!
#AnyBudget = #winning who's with me?
nice! I had to get my own coffee today. Ugh.
Mareese Speights was a completely black hole in Philly, but I like what he brings off the bench
I'm going to try and bring my A game back to twitter. Watch out folks❕❕
RT ": If Pacers fans don't start showing up in large #s for upcoming big games vs Atl, Phil and Knicks, something is really wrong."
Headed to my kitchen on the water this morning! I feel so blessed!!!
I've been slowly making my way through #dragonage ultimate edition. I think I'm about halfway through the main quest.
All these people being hard on the Europeans have no conception of what it's like to be flat broke. Maybe they need sympathetic coaxing.
LOL, not with him, but someone got mad at me --misinterpreted one of my many jokes last night : ) Twitter is rough!
super lemony
CFSA has seen a decline in its caseload, but the staffing levels have remained the same. My question is why?
My favorite collie/lab mix has to be
Reef Commandment #4. NEVER collect conch shells with living creatures inside. Conch are endangered species, pls report poachers.
what's god
oh haha, im sorry im new to this againn
I know what u mean
thanks great! I feel MUCH better sugar and white flour free!. What about white rice for you?
Smile & let everybody know that TODAY, you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday.
Great to see you all tonite - loved the convo! @ Greg, please shout if you need anything while in Boston.
Food Fact of the Day: March 3, 1709 Andreas Marggraf was born. In 1747 he extracted sugar from beets and found it identical to cane sugar.
The Gators got in as a number 7 seed to the big dance. I hope they can get it together and pull some wins together.
Trying to make it In !!!...check me out : )) Buford
yo don't be sleepin on that / fluffy pillow
maybe you should make a helmet for all of them so the can wear em coming out of the tunnel during intros lol
FISH FRY FRIDAY!! $9.95 College B-Ball all day!! Suns & Lakers @ 7pm!! And of course drink specials!!
If you wait to be famous holla at me !
I've been dying to see in 3D but my mother says I have to earn the right to go? Fuck that shit
TY & Happy Hump Day looking forward to yer tweets!
my vikings on sunday night football.
What the contraception debate reveals about female power
Stay safe this Halloween Weekend, and be sure to wind your clocks back one hour this Sunday (Nov 1st) at 2:00 AM for Daylight Savings!
Can't figure why zotero isn't working. Shouldn't be any different if I login from work vs home, right? Says there's nothing in my library.
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables. Charles Stanley
Wild Horses, Couldn't drag me away
Had to go look at the book... I love the series title. "Myths Behaving Badly." :D
you do good now right? :)
let us know when we can see the trailer !
Yes, I know I "already said that" but I want to say it again.
You bet. Glad to be connected.
your a cutie ;)
It pay to play
Alex Smith, David Garrard, maybe a trade for some Tebow? Things are looking bright in South Beach.
haha nice! Yeah last night was such a mess for me!
my shoe game proper
Today in Literary History: On March 31, 1836 the first monthly installment of THE PICKWICK PAPERS (by Dickens) was published.
Carlos is on 1480am telling it all!
More thanks to for co-hosting and giles 4 being !
haha i know, i was jk (:
Besides hanging diplomas, art, family pictures, and certifications - why not hang articles that have featured you? Instant credibility.
"Whip! Turn! Tuck! Don't kick out." I should teach dance professionally.
Hey and fans in McAllen, Texas tune into Fox2 News now to learn about the Lean Belly Challenge!
cheer competition in tampa! tune in on ESPN, we'll be on! go venice viking warriors!
RT this of your also ambidextrous. I am!!!
thanx I appreciate it :)
Greetings on the Feast of Saint Theophylactus!
#WhatMakesAGirlHappy , that's what!
Who is going to Haunted Kingdom tonight? Biggest Halloween Party at Rock Financial in Novi!
I wish that some of my friends wouldn't hate me behind my back, and act as if nothinq is wronq. :( -- _LolSmileyFacex ()
The new Dr. Dog has too many words.
i love it when my wife sings. ;)
he also said "I don't make the rules, I'm a law abiding citizen. I just encourage you to pirate my music."
I really don’t see what the big deal is for a TX teacher to tell a kid to go back to Mexico. I tell my Dad the same thing every morning.
Survivor Time! so exciting
any chance of you coming out to Sacramento, CA??
I love me some KD. All day.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. ~Sam Keen
reflecting on a weekend of obsessively researching arctic sea routes: not quite as effective as a working AC
I hate having c lunch.
Loftus inaugural address: "Many parts. One body" exemplifies Stritch's commitment to service.
Today's goal: install PiloMine to see what it can tell us about #proust, and then maybe the Modernist Journals Project.
How's everybody doing on this frèézing cold day?!?!?
