tell that hubby of yours that I said congrats!!
I'll adopt Homer Simpson's campaign slogan--Let someone else do it!
#Housesitter with Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn. Not only is Goldie a funny and talented actress, she also gave birth to an amazing whore.
ha ha - how do you think that conversation will go?
RT : Amazing fights. This was exactly what FOX was hoping for when they inked the deal. Agreed.
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Fri, May 18 4:30p: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
This early. Yes. Much needed.
So This Boy Kept Staring At Me At Lunch , Tomorrow Ima Cuss Him Out
Experience is by industry achieved, And perfected by the swift course of time. William Shakespeare
You're welcome?
does she know what sex is?!
Who calls at 2:30 in the morning??
« Got inspired from a conversation w my manager. Another song done. I'm feelin it»
Great day to be in #Boston! We have awesome weather, a marathon, morning baseball, and we're #shine (-ing) at #NECB!
when i look at u its like watchin night sky or beatiful sunrise theres somuch they hold its like those stars i see u came so far
Subway sand = *belch* did you hear that???
send some pics and video from the sessionif u would CDiazReps Preciate it
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass 2NITE! NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB! RT
Maybe that's because you were skipping school ;-) RT I don't remember you being absent 9 times!
Just logged on and here you are. How was NC?
Man can I not wait for today to be over. Wanna curl up into my bed
That guy that took three is the best!!
Comcast CS, why oh why do you keep hanging up on me? Don't you want my money? Fix your darn phone system if you can't transfer a call.
you mad bro? Nahw , I ain't even mad .
#Survivor time!!! Hope this week can be as awesome as last week!
Bullying Prevention Tip #4 - Stand Strong and Speak out #schools on the issue, it truly is that important..
Today I filmed a commercial. Who was in this commercial with me? The CEO of Time Warner Jeff Bewkes...
Doing great. Hope all goes well at the doctor. Let's talk later, OK? Did you get my email?
LOL! I had to look up what IRL meant. Glad to know!! We can always do OTP (on the phone) :).
Houston Janitors left negotiation table after 5 corporations refused to accept new articles.
me too!
you are totally not fat you look really hot your sexy sweet heart !!!! love you keep being champ ok !
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I think is right. Typos breed in the night.
Sushi time ...
uh......when? RT : That's why dave chappelle got out of show business, they wanted him to dress up like a woman & he refused
Hey #NYC! It's another beautiful day in the city! What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
hate being sick :(
Colin to the rescue! Haha. What's up homies?
#FCdish HAM is so easy to carve. just think of all those muscles as individual roasts....
Watching the #reds hit increases my blood pressure dramatically. Please, please, oh please can we get some help for Joey Votto?
Through the power of the Cloud I accessed a report linked to my on my Mac. Will be demoing at #SCON12 next week.
#tech2012 facilities-based competition is dead (or at least dying).
RT : Apparently, the Dawgs should never play at Madison Square Garden.
I mean, would we not make it Brewer focused? BCB provides a built in listenership, even in fanposts.
psycho is not a bad thing ;)
is ill. #NoCover :( let's send him all the love we can to get him feeling better
Coulda swore I saw martin luther king jr at the dallas mavs game sitting dam near courtside!
I love you Evan! RT : Hey remember when a 747 with a spaceship attached to it buzzed Washington today? Man that was cool.
you coming or are u drinking pweee fweezay?
thnks for the retweet. i was shocked, i screamed lol. thnk u this is the first time u have noticed me :)
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Booked my flight. Girls, I can't wait to see you all in Nashville. I'm so excited!!!!!
RT : What's the topic? > Plato's view of the "fall" of the world, away from political order. A dense read.
Ugh I cannot find my phone!!
what was it?
No worries, Kara. Go Pakcers!!!! (Red Wine involved)
In Vegas for the SX finals
I'm trying but Im just too excited
what channel?
Good Morning Twitter world! Here's hoping every one has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day holiday! Be safe and take care!
All these #throwbackthursday pictures are making my day!😂
RT : Watch the people you hang with.. You are who you hang with. Are you the strongest one in your circle ?
just got my beach bag! So cute and for a great cause!
Floyd Mayweather vocalized his support for gay marriage today. Small, but HUGE. A prime athlete in a machismo sport speaking out. Bravo.
I hate #Rick Santorum as much as Rick Santorum loves to take charge of my uterus.
Yep! You did.
So that's where we are as fans? A person cant be in the top 5 & we, let them, let us, know when they're ready to rock?
well i cant txt everyone though because it'll cause problems...ugh now i know why i stopped...blah!! high school is over :/
Gasol's D was outstanding, proper shows on pick rolls great footwork and hustle Bynum should learn from him watching the film
Flying to CA at 6AM Sunday...and its daylight savings day...i foresee a day of fatigue.
Become a fan of Mr.D's on Facebook and follow all of our projects from start to finish. " We Love to Paint " and do so much more. Lic
Yeah, same here! Haha
Haha jazz looking like ish. #gospursgo its raining 3's. People say we boring. I say we winning ha!
IF you can tweet about your beliefs in God, I should be able to as well.
I know!! But don't worry... #plankwarsround2 will commence soon!
psh Wes like you don't know me!!
has drastically improved the quality on my life during snack time! Finally something that tastes like ice cream sans N's allergens!
I know i'm chunky. omg no need to point it out DX
nvrmind,.i c it below now
From the hood book of #2Chainz Get head while I'm readin, call that shit Facebook.
WE HERE MEOW
That sucks!
I think he's the missing piece in Miami
RT : "if you don't have a vision for your product to make the world a better place then you won't get the best hires" Lanyrd
new Orleans wants you back. ASAP. She said so.
Thanks for trying to 'SAVE' us Melissa!
While I was out having fun, the spring break disappeared :|
im just gonna go to sleep now .
The 3 most important factors that influence home sales: price, price, price.
60 Minutes is breaking my heart right now. Ugh.
If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful.
i give up is NEVER wanna follow me -_______- .....!!!!:/ sad going to bed nd listen to Mi amor by Matt
aww we were so cute! Good girl, no detention for you;)<3
same here! He acts like a punk.
oh. my. gawd.
Let me look into that.
Hi Kimbra, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand campaigns & how brand is perceived. DM?
Last panel for today at #SOTN on the future of privacy law ... Already some remarks about how US falls behind in this area.
My sweet hubby makes the best BBQ !!!
Wishing You a Wonderful Holiday! And To a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous 2010!
i had a dream that Justin took me to subway in his car and got jealous. why can't it be real :(
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
Congrats to Judge Sylvania Woods Elem. School ! They just won 102 tickets to UniverSoul Circus & will join Cortney’s Kids!
how many missed calls this season Ump? I bet it was close to my batting average.
That would be hail in
awk moment when you get a friend request from someone w/ no mutual friends w/ you &you're just wondering how they found you
#weddingtips When you set up your wedding timeline, talk with your photog. They can help make sure you set aside enough time for pictures.
#DemonicDerek bad things will happen if you come through dungeons this year the icons are on a rampage!!
The very first time I saw the i fell in love with them.
#ContentMarketing fans and NCAA Basketball fans: compare college teams to our industry's best. Example: = Syracuse (ORANGE)... Go!
AND IIIIIIIIEEIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUUUUAHHIIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!!
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I feel disgusting tonight. :(
"thought he wanted a career, turns out I just wanted a pay-cheque"
Just Got Home, iGuess It's #HomeworkTime *SIGH*
Yikes buckle up here we go
Heading to Vero in T minus an hour
Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.
yea yea
EARLY MORNIN HIGH!!!! SO U KNO IM GOOD
If I had a nickel for every time I heard the phrase "I played that song when it was a current!" from someone at the station I'd be rich.
and it's nights like these when i realize that this is really what i want to do with my life.
Let's go cetics!
That's crazy. Send an email with that pic and your order #. We will send you a replacement immediately.
O CAN'T WAIT.please follow me.#1 KOALA DANCE BOT
that would be insane...you figure they would have I have a season to close off all the story lines
Rumors swirling that #bama RB Dee Hart has been kicked off the team.
I hit the "favorite" button on twitter accidentally like eight times a day and always feel guilty when I undo.
one direction
YES IT WAS LOL THANKS(:
Im in my spanish class and im bored!:/
hmu lets vibe
Thanks for the follow! Who knew Jim Belushi could be a uniter and not just a fucktard!
Dress, pencil skirt, or dress pants???
There is something about encouraging words that gives you that extra boost of strength and belief.
m french toast for breakfast with a side of coffee :) only 44 more days till Spenc is due today is shaping up to be an awesome Tuesday !
Thanks, ! Is there one cross you prefer over another?
I'm not sure if any of us watch it... I know that 's wife does. Maybe we could have a guest reviewer, ha ha
Even in positive ones.
did you finish annotating? :)
yes omg ma dad grounded me 4 like 1 week and hesiad no compute rand no ipod or anything elese it sucks bad but i still got on lol
Random drunk lady on the bus telling me her life story and all the places she went tonight....
well, life is a bitch better know how to treat her... dang,but life goes on,i am still fun,chill haley,i dont need a best friend to c that.
..girl training me is not really explaining anything to me :/ she gets SO flustered when I ask questions. She's who I'm replacg
I love her! Super happy to have her on the site.
thanks for the ranking!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  58
dang!! Lol you did party
I find it funny that oomf texted right after they liked one of my new pictures I put on Instagram today. Lol
Very true, but I can never focus on one thing for too long or I will lose interest and not do it.
The best part of you ran down your mothers ass crack.
"I'm embarrassed... about how good mine is" -
iOS 5.1 now available over the air on iPhone and iPad. But not your new iPad. 'Cuz you can't get into the Apple Store
It's sad that with time and space people will often reveal exactly who they are. Especially when you thought more highly of them.
i wanna meet you.<3
u are true friends
How's the website coming along?
trust me more dudes are thirstier than girls in my opinion, i mean i know some lol
somebody tell me how to upload a pic up in this !
Miss Latina Ethnic World will be held the first week in May in San Diego California.
You should have come down to Baltimore for Confirmed Stock!
Extremely complex conference call podcast? Regardless, in.
Sleeping the rest of the day
That's great Steve. The Barter Theatre puts on some great shows!
Yes Pls RT : OK, folks. Now that you're back in the land of data plans and ample wi-fi, how bout sharing your fav #arlis2012 links?
Agreed! Headed back into the studio in a couple weeks so will have more to share before long.
But how will i ask you to play 500 annoying zynga games if you aren't on FB?
we better win tonight
Miami awaits ;)
Thanking the big man above for waking me up another day.
Need a school Fundraising idea? Sell Smoothies! Inquire within.
7 more followers till 200. HELP ME OUT? <3
Yes, I'm a fan, do you know if they have a show?
;) Thank you back atchya!
Gingrich is a clown! Child janitors, urban jobs, welfare...he doesn't have the slightest idea what he is talking about...
BACK! :D
Good morning! Taking a break from Zazzle artwork - spinning wool from our sheep for change of pace - soft blue heather yarn for now. :-)
Getting ready to talk to about all of the fun publicity/marketing we've been working on.
Next week PureVolume will be streaming Paradise Fears' album on their website. Who will be checking it out?!
Hi,I am new to seo and looking for some nice techniques which helps me can anybody share nice information with me.
I wish "nap" was a class they offered in college. I'd ace it :-)
I'm a fan of the shoe option too.. that way we can get NIKE Fuelbands as well :)
#NFLrookie advice: Be honest with yourself about game performances. That is where your image is established.
I can't wait until tomorrow night. Drinks & fun hang out sessions with my girls :)
Bow Down To Your Queen! xD (insider)
- you got it!
When first I looked into your eyes each breath became a thousand sighs. My heart drummed out a thunder beat I glowed with joy in the gym
You don't have to be gorgeous to be happy. But it's a lot damn easier to smile when you got teeth like mine.
Yup ask your PIC wait no ask Betty. Your PIC at least knows I'm when I'm joking around.
doing my history project...
One half down, one to go. Keep this up boys!
Hi Everyone. How was your weekend?
I've walked by there at least once a week for the last two years -- I have to try it! Thanks!
Eagles are dealing Asante Samuel to the Falcons for a late round pick according to multiple reports
Everything is so slow... think my computer is telling me it's Friday afternoon.
hell end up w at least 40, n Lakers will get the w
Every thing is going every were 
I had the most boring breakfast :/
"Two things put some fucking pants on and fuck off!
What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
Thanks to for the follow. Text message marketing is a great way to remind clients of an appoint or special offer.
Thanks for retweeting this lady! You were such a pretty red crinkle! <3
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results.
You def should!! If you want to be a singer it is always good to put yourself out there and get feedback!! =)
I'm setting up my newsletter access for my private real estate investors.
I C All Theze Look Alike 2Pacs Sayn He Still Alive 41 Years Ol N Shit..... I Need 2 Hear A Voice Tho!
Gardner doubles Again!!
What just happened with the sneak peek? #thebachelorette totally cheesed out. We know you have to pay the bills, but really.....
Twas the Friday before Christmas and not a decision maker to be found..only voice mail and unanswered emails graced the Christmas tree
Okay this chick's shorts are so short she should just wear a thong and call it day.
SOX: Another early lead for the #RedSox today over the #Mariners. David Ortiz hit solo homer to right field with one out, B3. 1-0.
RT : Want free gourmet cookies? You canget them today @ Smoothie King! Visit www.phreeps.com and log in to get more details!!
I get to goof around on Tumblr and Piknik today. For work, mind you!
Playing handball at the YMCA!
haha. ohh hunty.. you have no idea what we have in store for you (; You will love toddlers & tiara's!
Really wish I could have been there! Glad you guys had fun. I'll have a talk with Julian about the way he hit the bottle...
exchange in press conference was
haha hell ya.
"Fuck that! Give a nigga a bottle" -Tasmania
I'm very excited right now, fabulous tennis!!! Go Caroline!!!
uhmmm Floyd did win though 
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x7
Thanks for the mention. I'm glad people are digging the video. ~Stephen
largest collection of stupidity, nosey people and whiners, maybe!
Don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's...
Oh no just did a shot of Red Bull and something. On the house. What. I'll report back in the AM
Its automatic, I'm a runaway train(8)'
May 19th. See ya then!
Yes, we are a #headlamp family too! The best!
nope, she is not...that I am aware of.
Five browsers installed, all display the same site a bit differently. Isn't that kinda ridiculous?!?
Ok. I get it.. If you can get Piwik installed internally on a Linux server, I you you'll like it. Good luck!
I'm pretty sure it was a thong...I don't remember holding granny panties in my hands that night. Goodnight and sweet dreams.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I can't breath. I'm going to die right now.
My name is nick long now!
Keep your true friends close because you never know when your going to lose them.and be unable to see them.again
Ancient fishing techniques and tools huh, that sounds pretty cool!
I like how the one time I let my mom tweet she gets retweeted right away.
Band Of Horses
Green chili cheese rice? Why yes, I will have you for breakfast. Git in mai bellah!
dinner time!
#oii10 anecdote2: at the wine reception, we were surrounded by exhibits of dinosaurs and dodos
The avengers was fucking ill! On imax screen....and thanos at the end avengers 2 on the way....
With the 28th Overall Pick, the #Packers select #USC DE/OLB Nick Perry.
thats a lot of years les
RT : Tupac is not really dead, or technology is crazy, either way I'm bugging out. #Tupacisback ?😳
thanks for calling Don's behavior what it is: I saw a woman in terror after a day of emotional abuse.
In school we should only learn the skills we need that we plan on using in the future, who agrees?
Come on down to the #FireStoneDistrict... and is cracking!!! Come get ur gyros open till 3am!!!
When is it appropriate to ask my Twitter followers to vote on which corset I'm going to buy? Is that ever appropriate?
Thanks for the support
And hits a double RBI bomb!
#fridayreads still please look after mom
"I'll take the blame, aqua seafoam shame!"
your tumblr seems to not be working... :-/
24 the number you sent me is my favorite number(: i love your bio, name, && tweets. we should talk more(:
I'm so grateful that I can help keep pets out of the vets for the most common problems.My next book is going to make life ezier than ever!.
I am over here dying
OH: "Are the arrows not isosceles triangles?"
Crazy to think a year ago was watching Lebron play the bulls. Now he is guarding him.
60 Minutes...Kentucky Sheriff Scandal Story...Whitley county...should be interesting.
I have a hard time tolerating chronic lateness. I grew up with it and think it's rude and selfish.
I'll cop a former colleague's oft-used plea when it came to FX-driven outer-space fluff like this: "I had fun!"
everything sounds majestic with "skies" at the end of it haha!
Yo who is abort that person is too dope
There's a mouse in McAdams room
Thanks, sweet Michelle. I'm sorry I didn't get to catch up with you over the weekend. The volunteers rocked!!!!!
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
Bad news: catastrophic hard drive failure. Good news: inbox zero!
i'm not italian! why would i do that?
Need a skintervention?! Facebook or call skin scholar, Ettia Tal for a custom skin care consult.
Oh for the love of pete
getting ready for the ceremony:) wbu
Fall in love first.
oh I get up at like 6;45
I just ran 7.00 mi in 1:13:01 with a 10:26 min/mile pace using : Pace is slower than I'd like. I'll blame beer and wings.
It's so sad.. All soaps are just bad. Did u like scandal?
So bored.
love that Joyce Meyer quote!!
My car groans in agony
oh man, you know it! haha
I'm about to take a shower ooh yea FRESH! 
thumbs down!
Don’t be afraid to try some dollar store generics. That’s often where you can find the best deals.
Facebook gets Instagram for $1Billion. Time to create an app.
I think I'll leave this week
Hey Portland - what websites do you visit to find out about local entertainment?
Boy this wind downtown is something else!
Shush it
and I ain't write a book but after u, I can read every female like a book! #100 lol #100 y'all are very predictable lol
Good luck tomorrow on the interview! "Kick its ass, Sea-Bass!!!"
watching never say never makes me want to go back to July 6th 2010 <3 I can't wait for the #BELIEVETOUR <3
I accept this mission. The shoes have been shined
#Cubs #Reds on tv. #RedSox #Yankees later. Stanley Cup Playoffs after that. Good lineup today.
RT : Space. . . the final frontier. How cool is it that our lil ol' Armband is on the International Space Station...
Wrapping up #sgia 2011 thank you for a great show!
Because they liked Bush less: the familiarity is actually an endearment.
hello my fav
Thanks Craig. Yeah, lets keep you on the tech co-founder event. You and I have been talking about doing that one for awhile.
Just had a very awkward five second conversation with Seth Rogen at
i desperately need to change my whole entire profile but im way too lazy right now. hmmphhh.
Teens havent worked out the norms of behavior- Ex posted the breakup on Facebook before breaking up in person
Ok, ok enough of the retweets for the day. Back to model making.
Are you doing or making anything different this Thanksgiving?
You will be a great addition to the 40 acres.
lol I forget now
ROGUE :Defined, intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, non-typical individuals from a crop plant or a field
Just because you're 5'2" doesn't make you tiny, every teenage girl in San Antonio is 5'2"
congrats to all students graduating this weekend!
Henry Jenkins: Gov't can't regulate data mining. We need to exert pressure from the bottom up to force companies to change
Happy #FF to Travesty and —all featured in our latest issue!
Who's your favorite tattooed star?
anyone got plans for Monday night?
Up front for He just used method of having crowd clap to up energy, awesome
Same Dunkin, same coffee order .. Never the same result. *sigh* DD I love you but you disappoint with ratio every other time.
2nd favorite #Swedish phrase - Knul Ruefs (sp?) English Translation - Fuck hair. Meaning - hair after you fuck or messed up hair.
Brooks will be a nice asset as a backup combo scoring guard. Will be interesting to see if he extends
no flowers, please.
I bet everyone hates the train when on their way to somewhere lol
Unicorns are real, they are just fat and we call them rhinos.
At Swan Lake with my girls. They are psyched. I am hoping to stay awake. Glad for their energy and excitement.
so IN
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Twitter its having a glitch
ok ok sorry I know how bad ass those guys are
I've been drinking ALOT of vodka this week with a HOT friend of mine,plus its a Kanye West song I like
you have no phone...
oh my ur night sounds ridiculous were u the one who poured beer on ... can't wait til wedding
I miss you too!!! When are we going to hang?!?
Hahaha oh man...totally true! Lot's of unrealistic pressure in the gay community for SURE.
Yes he is ! Soo ? You're so racist :( I'll make him love you ! You two are officially going out now. I told him you said yes
Good morning! God is Great! I believe he will do something great in all 4 of my services today!
“: I think we are sitting with Jesus.”
Integrity, transparency and open communication are key traits for a healthy organization or business of any size.
Laptop Speakers: Not loud enough for music, but too loud for porn
celebrating role of in helping us to tap the talent to solve biggest challenges.
The piano is a really underestimated instrument. I can truly make a decent song great when used right.
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." ~George Bernard Shaw~
Have a great Saturday everyone!
I figured you'd approve ;)
big fan big fan.
Ciao Marie :) take care
Tonight is #preschool #graduation. 26 students from our preschool program will be moving on to #elementaryschool. Congratulations!
how's Mason?
thanks for following..
I should probably learn how to tweet, before I try to tweet
I hate to brag, but just gave me half a sammy from Salumi! You're the best!
you too thanks
should do some homework but is not motivated at all...
No, we're here, we're here! will have to ask you all about it! :)
haha ok but why????
She was Simone in FBDO : I bet Kristy Swanson's biggest regret in life is Flowers in the Attic. Second to Dude Where's My Car
Some people can't dress now-a-days
Im Ready To Party :D Bye Twitter Talk To Yall Later .(:
Bruno Mars fan, right here.
who won what awards?
": #NASCAR #Cup qualifying for the #BojanglesSo500 starts at 5p ET on Who do you think will get the pole? "
I wonder if Chris will retaliate against you for gettn on hiz azz about messin wit Rihanna or maybe he juz bullies girls
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I will meet you anywhere tomorrow please I wanna meet you for my birthday
At the Tarry Lodge in Port Chester, NY for an early dinner. It is my first time. Great company too!
Flight to SF is BOOKED!! Let the meal planning begin!
thats a good point. It seems that there is more opportunity for infection in a barn than in your home.
Heyy u yea u fuck u
Yu Watch Ur Kids Beat On Their Boyfriends/girlfriends ... It Must Happen Within The Home Sadly
So I'm listening to and is the featured video. #stayhappystayweird rules!
Can not believe CO did not help itself by not allowing a lower rate for undocumented students to attend college. Sad.
Another day of school
Yes. If #students get on board, there's real hope to change the culture. Ultimately this is about them
where do you get good tamales in Allen?
Good seeing u:) RT : Ran into for the #ThinkLikeAMan premiere
6pm? is that okay?
I been good love, you?
This is fantastic, how did I not watch this before??
Be sure to exercise at least 3x per week for a balanced life. Walking, running, jumping, sit ups, push ups, anything you enjoy!
you drunk! I miss you too, I wish we were as close as we used to be!!
I'll Have Another requested a lifetime supply of free Doritos Locos Tacos.
excited i made the "bettercheddar" list. *puts a check on ye olde bucket list* ;)
first time! coworker gave rave reviews, so I thought it was about time. any suggestions?
Tough holding these Temptations........
Chilling with
How that midterm going? lol
I came home from school to a fully-charged iPod with a brand new case. #ThatsRare #ThanksMom (:
It went really well. Got 2 play a lot of originals & older songs I haven't played in a real long time. How was ur weekend?
Strawberry sweet tea is legit stuff!
I love my Magic!!!
Not used to this hybrid-shutting-off-at-intersections shit, I always stomp on an imaginary clutch so it won't die. Stupid environment!
RT : RT : 20 days left! Vote "YES" to the merger.
Can it be December already???
The world keeps turning. I'm getting dizzy.
Just cried to my mom
I had the weirdest dream about me dying at a water theme park.
reached Version 11!!! If there's one thing I learned from past labmates, it's that a paper becomes stable at v11.
Same shit, different day.
Just heard this little girl whine in Spanish...sounded so familiar...some things are universally understood
Did IT forget to turn on mobile blackboard or is it gone for good? Anyone know?
“We have never heard the Devil’s side of the story, God wrote all the book.” — Anatole France (1844-1924), author, Nobel laureate.
thanks! yours is pretty cool too :) love the halo!
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith"
Anutha #BiggestTurnOff... If a guy think a woman suppose2take care of him..How does dat make u a MAN!! Wtf
The first day of Designer Month went well! Come next Tuesday to talk to Richard about great interior design ideas!
good 2 see you last night!
thanks, I'm new to twitter, just realized I got this message lol! i'm a little slowmo with this twitter thing.
thanks dudes.
Thank you for all you bring to the web!!
Friends and family I know u mean well. PLEASE DONT TEXT MY PHONE HAPPY NOTHING(annoyed).
#SaveOurClinics mental health services are so needed; many end up homeless. Across the Nation: teens, Vets, abused,...need help
I just called...to say...I love you...
I've lived it. Read them all and actually reading first again now. I play a game center tech in the film. Enjoy.
Its quiet...too quiet.
NO. Permit test first ( no driver's ed.needed ) then you take driver's ed do your hours i believe and take license test.
Truth is we wouldnt know where 2 start off 2 dance like a stripper. Lolz!
thanks for the retweet! Have a great weekend.
RT Scola and Martin probably two most underrated players in NBA.
I <3 Fez lmao and my baby bro talks JUST LIKE HIM!!!
looking at how to use and a combination of recording apps and Web 2.0 tools to replace language lab:)
Holy Crap!!! I have 500 followers!!! Can I get a wha wha!!!
Spending a few days down South with the grandparents. Good ol quality time <3
Not sure - what did you search for? Which tweet?
Are you ready for us, Bowe? :)
You can't judge me for my ringtone of Harry
when you go on prom?
What's up Juan!! Good to see you on Twitter.
I like being able to slowly read my Micro and then watch Community in the comfort of my own home! :D
just checking
anyway. how are you? :)
A late breakfast cupcake?? yummmms
Oh Friday how I've missed you! I thought you had left me forever xoxo
Ban college football, now that's going to be an interesting debate topic
Hey there DataFest-ers - are you learning lots today? Let's hear about it!
Good to hear! I've been looking forward to this for weeks.
I want the first mixtape or cd then.
Good morning beautiful Tuesday! Exciting and very cool opportunities on the horizon. The team never ceases to amaze & inspire! Go! Go! Go!
Follow me please? ;*
Milwaukee Ave bus smells like cocoa and Ben-Gay.
Blessed are those who painstakingly spell out their email addresses to cashiers, for they shall inherit store coupons.
Seriously dying for a donkin donuts caramel latte.
Bucs against the dolphins tonight i think the Bucs will win i hope :) at 7 tonight
Everything's not lost
I think he got knocked unconscious and hyperthermia set in.
Good morning tweet machine. Keep up the good work over there
thanks girl <3
RT : PHOTO: When a local animal shelter got 92 puppies in 1 day, Nuremberg donated towels to keep them warm...
Sweet! Wonder if I can walk in those. Mom tried boots on my once. I didn't move. hee hee
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Now eating a big water melon wanna see
#zeno6to6 no can do tonight. Tomorrow brunch?
Looking forward to joining and today on a social media panel for the NM Press Women 2012 Annual Conference!
was actually good in college.
I would like to invite you to come to my BNI meeting. Would you like to know more?
Omg I'm on twitter!
Yep, it's that time of day for the office above mine to burn a bag of popcorn
Big surprise no one threw a party for FF, #dirtysoap the party was after she was gone!
I'm 22 years old I look like 30 tho :-) you?
We officially applied to Tech Stars Sunday night, thank you for all your support. The journey begins.
Since the real Q101 went off the air. Sherman and Tingle helped us put this together along with the rest of the Q101 staff
sounds fun? is the table for quilting purpose?
I know an heirloom tomato when I see one and I'm not convinced that was an heirloom. Just like not convinced ur a Bears fan.
smh and u talking crazy? Tighten up sis lol
He said she said stuff...im like really?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt -
Austin loves Olive Garden! Evertime he goes he get's the '5 Cheese Ziti' (: [same thing i always get(;] RT if you like Olive Garden ♥
Seafood firm says it doesn't expect virus at Nova Scotia fish farm to spread - Winnipeg Free Press
Check it. He can actually cook. Blah, Blah, Two Nuns and a Pack Mule joke. or Like most of his work its not over produced.
Earbuds in & music on. Sitting on front deck after a hectic day. Time 2 sit & think about what needs to be done.
i like so happy right now i just got new flats that are adorable , earrings an bows then i come home too more than 8 purses an moree jewelry
watching boys follow girls perfume~
I'm not you bf
#austintransmedia meeting interesting people
#mifflin2012's winding down with Ball's arrest rather than a riot. Says a lot about how the event is a relic.
no way either of them are really dudes
this memory made me so happy! oh but i was so annoyed during that game. a lever! yeah right!
Purdue had it.... Then lost it.
If you show me respect, then I'll show you respect. But if not, go f*ck yourself.
All the kids got up to watch My Hearts a Stereo. Perfect for tweensagers. I like it too.
of Course bby
Listening to LL Cool J ft Lyfe Jennings - Freeze... damn what happened to Lyfe?
Still time to get your business into Bucky Book 21. Call 441-3910 for more info.
and right-to-work for less.
hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians. Too Late? :(
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube
HA! Great observation. Never thought of that but you're right. Don is soon to be lost. Very lost. But he's a fighter so...
Check out Fashion Statement Inc. on blogger!
148 Cappers have their picks posted today with consensus on the Patriots, Giants & Un and line moves are with them..See ya at the window
Cause titles that suggest constipation are cool. RT : Overheard at #pivotcon "chief movement officer"
#Rappolos named worst pizza in #ATX.....anyone really surprised there?
RT Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story...
ya I shouldn't say that so ill stop just for you :)
what's wrong????
Temple University Press' annual Holiday Book Sale at Temple University's Diamond Club, 1913 N. Broad Street,11am-2pm through December 2nd!
I'm watching Lifetime! BEST MOVIES EVER!
aww this old guy just dumped his nachos on the ground after he stood in the long line. I feel bad I wanna go buy him some more D:
what? i think you may be the third to last to hear. though i suppose a man has an easier time hiding pregnancy, no?
I work with a good group of folks at , glad to be part of the team.
Wishing a Happy 20th Birthday!! Best thing on TV early AM Sun - Thurs!
My backpack weighs, not kidding, 9.3 pounds.
thanks for the shout out!
Lawl. Yes your boobs are huge. :D
are you showing THAT kid or another kid??? is it THAT kid who cant take a hint??
Just finished #LANoire. #RedDeadRedemption and L.A. Noire kill the protagonist? Red Dead ending was tight but Noire's...weak.
Step brothers is the best movie of all time(:
Will the #Yankees make it? Thirteen Host Cities Announced for 2012 Amgen Tour of California LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--After reviewing
Maybe it won't rain, but we're glad you have no problem singing in it. See you Friday!
Looking forward to leading the "Harnessing Mobile Tech" panel in an hour with a great group!
A consumer today is more likely to avoid a brand that claims perfection and choose one that is more controversial.
Remember when it used to be unacceptable to talk to strangers online... LOL. That time is long gone.
Yes please. my phone dies way too easily
Already finished lunch, I was
you are always working... where do you even work?
Very difficult to praise in tweet-length citations.
Bored out of my mind
. at Doritos stage. If you're in the area...don't miss it. There's a big crowd enjoying the show from street. #SXSW in the hizzous
RFT RT I hate my phone charger :/
That's awesome! Can't wait. Enjoyed TSAW ATL 2011. Is it Still gonna be @ 14th St playhouse?
i know you're excited about the atdi reunion. you think they'll be rolling through?
thanks for the words of wisdom El Capitan!
AYE LOOK AT YO LAST MENTION FROM ME. ..I JUST DID!!! ^_^
We proudly recommend and support
Change of plans. At the Hungry Monk. Looks promising.
rocks..and it's less than a 5 minute walk from our front door.
Ideally, as many ppl will listen tonight as heard the original. Hard to do, of course, but I admire the effort.
Which venue should host Beer-Con this year?
Athletes First prevail in OT - heck of a game...
It was scary talking and then seeing the sun come out.. on a school night! x.x I miss buster & candy!
thanks girly!! (; this one is just to wear without a pick! For fun! (:
Uugh... lions, tigers and bears in Ohio Ooh my!
": Everyone have a glass of ice water right now, fucking delicious"
#Phillies hitting for the cycle...in the 9th
Christ, as a light illumine and guide me. Christ, as a shield overshadow me. Christ under me; Christ over me; /RT
Just about everything is leaking, broken, and needs to be replaced. It has almost 200000 miles on it, but still, this sucks.
I already did, 3 count!
THAT FUGAZI ASS GUCCI BELT.
Yes and...Welcome new followers!
ONCE UPON A TIME there was a girl & a boy who loved each other then a slut came along & ruined everything. THE END.
Now THAT I could never do! :)
Sitting by the pool, catching some sun.. Sounds good to me.
hey taylor im a big fan of yours i was wondering where do u get the inspiration to sing most of your songs?
My hunger game involves my friends and me gorging ourselves on beef brisket and smoked chicken until we fall into a gluttonous stupor.
I dont want a boyfriend i need a boyfriend
Sell telecoms products and services? Are you getting 100% of the profit? Call us to find out about our Channel Partner recruitment Drive..
I hate this school and want to leave
Awesome! I will keep you updated :) And I will see you soon!
I am turning SXSW into a giant self-help session to fix my burnout, focus and efficiency issues.
I'm a very sensitive person ~.~
Dear Patrons: Please stop putting books that have been discarded back on the shelves.
hate wen my sneakers get dirty
I use iMovie.. it's BEYOND easy!
Our #DesignerAccessorySale is restocked today & tmw! RT: they keep putting new stuff out!”
Whatever June dates you have, send them over; we're putting the calendar together now!
and not so much fun for the hygenist who is working in there!
good for you! Anything I should read? I've been a reading fool lately. Last year I bought over 30 eBooks from Amazon.
#Rule1 during arguments: If you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
sloww jams too endd my night ..
Anyone have a laptop I can use so I can hunt for jobs while I do it?
Oh my goodness, a room full of candy in the Senate?? Thank you JLD, now I am running for office...
i mean really, who uses a mouse anymore?
They are going to short line some tracks, and add more cars on others in certain segments.
Roshon - You've earned my VOTE!!!
Wishing you and yours a lovely holiday season! Enjoy your candy!
Competition is a driving factor. “Your competitor expressed an interest,” may be the most powerful phrase you can add to any sales pitch.
keep making amazing music please :)
#informative RT RT About to head to whole foods in Bellingham to promote the best energy bar in the world!
“: NEVER get your hopes up! You will just be disappointed in the end! #thetruth #nevertrustanyone”
having a problem with basic functionality - my default CakePHP install loads a missing_controller message at the project root "proj/" ...
Kitty's razzmatazz factory has been working overtime. This tweet has nothing to do with the overload of sequin dresses on the red carpet.
Now that is the truth.
Top ten again plus a judges awarrd :)
no, it's just easier that way.
hi kevin, I dont think I have ever tweeter at you before, feels good.
Hey there! What's the best way to get a press release to you?
can you do me a favor?
I made a few copies of it for myself, so I don't need it. Do I need to contact the JMS office to let them know?
Left is Right | Bulgaria's Next Envoy to Switzerland to Quit Left-Wing Party - Sofia News Agency
Eww if miley Cyrus Is in the hunger games movie I'm gonna cry
females need to stop wasting my mutha fuckin time with this bullshit
It's nice in DC. I might stay outside until it's time to leave work.
Laundry + ...clean clothes= great feeling
I hung with the worst of them
Awesome Mies Google Doodle today!
The whistling is a nice touch, AND ensures that the song will be an indie music hit... two or three years ago. -Jim
About time! #babysteps : BREAKING: Obama to : "I think same sex couples should be able to get married." (via )
Considering a pedal buying spree. FullDrive 2 Mosfet coming this afternoon. What next?
Just finished a rigorous evening of Adobe Illustrator training for school. It's a bit tougher than Photoshop, but much better to design in.
We are having a great time jamming in the brewpub tonight!
Dear Universe - I hear you about slowing down. You can stop sending stomach cramps.
#remindme why JoPa should still be coaching?
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass!
If you're a MKE Co worker and you or a family member takes a medication every day, you can't use the pharmacy of your choice anymore.
Ever since our break shyt anit been the same
Just heard what has to be the 11 or 12 fire truck drive by today, probably headed to another ax. Be safe out there people.
Gotcha. Feel free to DM me with what you think because I'm very interested in other views. (:
I can't wait til Brandy's new album drops!
At #Adventure Theater with the pre-schoolers...so excited to see Alexander and the terrible , horrible no good very bad day..,,
Working Sundays suck
Why are the CBS announcers so bad? 2 weeks in a row they confuse Torrey Smith with a dude WITHOUT DREADS!! Come on!!
Only me and my niggas, tell her bring a friend or two....
will you be at school tomorrow?
Haha good times? more like great times! LoL but of course I remember (:
I think he's a pretty interesting dude, and definitely someone you could have good discussions with about religion.
Over 450 subscribers to scoutinghoops.com! Thank you coaches!
": in customer service “: Ghetto bitches always get jobs.. Why tho????????”" Or the DMV.
concert. Common is the man.....dc. dc swing, raggae. Everything
When is Golf season? Come on Minnesota Warm up a little. Lol
Technology budget for podcast: $0 for software. Some hardware costs, depending on what's lying around...
Just 20 minutes away from my last test of the semester. Getting excited...
Smoking mid is like a gulp of steel reserve
DO U RENT THE BIKES?
Something I just read that is very thought provoking. What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
because it would have been funner i wanted you come to the hotel party yo
Thank you for the shout out. Hope you float on your cloud right into the New Year!!!
oh ok hhaha ur lucky tht urgoin to the same school as ur friends :/ all my friends r goin somehwere else :/
cycling & Bikram yoga really inspires!
She's glowing with emotion...
Then they get pissed that u don't know how to spell their dumbass name...
Love the Schoodle's too! I think Muffet, Kayley and Lucy would get alone beautifully!
Wit dem franchise boyaaz
he is
That's all and of at #TEDMED - hope you had a chance to meet, they LOVED your talk!
New favorite beer-Shiner Bock. Thanks to for bringing some to the game 2 weeks ago and getting me hooked.
Some creepy, very unattractive drunk guy told me I was pretty Greeeatttt
I did a quick interview during my lunch break. I'm stoked for the EP they have in the works.
I don't think this kid realizes this is just a class project, not an actual pitch
Enjoy town car deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
alright! Well any updates on the new Sonics?
It's like some freakin' GAME SHOW which is totally detached from reality.
i will get my life on track cuz i depend on no one but yea thas right me
Pleased to meet you, twitter.
At the rate 's moving, I'm never going to be ready in time.
waiting on 's porch for them to come home. I am the real life stoop kid.
I'm not gay! >:( wish people would stop saying that.
It's not updated daily, if you read the article it is a composite poll of their most recent data. Looking good so far
Just watched the pilot the other day. Didnt feel i related to any characters, bt the family drama felt somehow relatable/authentic
not sure I like an announcement for an announcement.
You're right. But it's still a secret!
"The future is not what it used to be." - Yogi Berra
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.-Aristotle Onassis
Enjoy! RT :House full of #teenage laughter, sweat & hard work as a Hudson High School DI team practices...
I don't think 3 year olds understand your mom jokes...
ps_bibliophile: #slaname #sla2009 I'm studying in hopes of a career dealing with books - among other things. Librarian's not a dirty word.
i hate the way we do it, culturally: it's like being beaten over the head. but my day is full of love & i am grateful.
Senate approves bill to count all write-in votes. All voters deserve to have their vote counted with AB 504.
time to buy stock.... #feesaccruing “: any luck #justpressplay?”
I'M NOT YOUR FUCKIN MUMMY! love dat line #GOMOMMA whoops forgot you ain't da Mummy haha, sad girl died tho even if she was mental :(
Not Aramis Ramirez's night. 2 AB with bases loaded. 0-2, with a double play RBI and a ground out.
It's Sunday... let 'em toot away.
Something about Nas playing Nicki Minaj's love interest in the "Right By My Side" video doesn't seem right.
I'm calling it right now, MJ was killed by his shady-ass live-in doctor.
all over it
well 4 day weekend was fun but back to gym!
Only my family would have 9 cakes for dessert to chose from lmfao
The Orange County Department of Education has implemented the V-cube Seminar platform.
Im on a Joan Cusack kick right now.
Let me know the title and about where it fails. I'll look in to it.
About to kill it at Niagra in alphabet city
lmao look at how skinny I was!
I'm sure you have heard the new Gareth Emery - Concrete Angel but JOC and Aly & Fila have some sick remixes
Fab Design Tip: Decorating your home is a journey. Enjoy the process and the unexpected inspirations along the way.
She's talking about a Japanese poet she admires....Rogers is
Graveyard shift watching training day
This rain better stop 😡
#OWIF: Hey, I think my flight and K's flight are going to land at the same time!
Thanks for the logo!
I neve thought of it this way but you are 100% correct, Why don't agent's say we are tired of paying the broker?
when is coming back so we can hang?
": Uh, oh. Someone wanting to know if we're giving Google our stuff with calendars. Bah. #il2011". will come up tho
I'll take a coke, please. :)
Grant with his 500th career goal!!!! Mammoth 13, bandits 11.
I wish you could be on the #VMA's <3 that would be amazing for everybody
They better not splash my phone or there's gonna b a drowned kid in the news tonight lol
Hey Nyle err Billy err Gary err Harrison err Kip err Bubba err Dane err Rick err Marty err Peter. How are you Martin? Err Jay?
Juror #11 is a loser
This is utterly confounding: _____________________.
Scary Movie 2 & The Amityville Curse NOW PLAYING in the Actorshelper Halloween Page!!
I hate going to the school..
lmao but they would be so beautiful!!!
Uh oh Ginger on Ginger crime...haha Bonner with the Block
Austin wins! He gets a cookie c: So everyone else stop DMing me :b Lol
Couple Red Stripes And Asian Zing Wings!
Saw the raven. Wasnt all that great. Don't go see it. It felt super short and didn't have much to it.
Sounds awesome! Yay I'm excited ^_^
Stumbling along
The Main Girl In 'The Dark Knight' Is Ugly AF!! :0
thank you love... I hope you & everyone, loves the work.. & for me, I hope they lead to even more roles ! Lifelong ! Lol
Jennifer Hudson=Chills
I love laughing
i'm excited for you!!! hahah damn i wish i could've gone the 2nd day 😪
I told you you need to rock tht sequence dress. I think we tweeted #sequence at the same time
- best of luck and see you soon :)
Good Morning :):)
Okay, you, first, must send me the titles. I'll, then, resonate with the one title which interests me the most.
so good!! The jcash version that is.
is this the first time you seen ?
"Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art." - Garson Kanin
Launching a new website with my son: ck out reptaquatics.com. Comments? And, "No, it's not finished yet".
Toews scores in his 1st game back! The return of captain serious!
10 days until Opening Day. Best time of the year.
If I could instantly be friends with anyone, it would be Dave Davison. Hands down.
Never had a chance to see this movie, but I do hear it's pretty good tho. Hope to check it out real soon.
Shittin Me..My baby momma dumber than an antique
Also from : Rick "elevatedbilli"rubin
Ogw CSV seems to be popular. I am a fan. I also like RSS for data updates.
I'm wondering which Zelda songs I'll be playing on my May 7th concert.
Garbage is in my top 5 favorite bands of all time (a huge statement), so I think my guy would allow it. ;)
Ay dios, -shakes head at you-
we're all pretty hott. can you DM us here?
aw, she had an acceptance speech meltdown
Whoopsie-daisy. That's worth a few runs...
Set my phone background to a pic of Katie and Brogan so now everytime I look at it I feel a mix of happy with underlying sadness
The four B's, Brothers,Basketball,Beer, and the Boys, going to be a great week. Just like Bart Scott said...."Can't Wait"!!!
what are you doing. follow me if bored.
There's NOTHING about him saving a cat from a tree!!
I hate fake people
Aw rats! I caught you on an off night.
Getting ready for "Marketing E-Books/E-Readers". Glad to see that someone else likes to use the dash too.
suck my balls Beet
Wishing everyone in Tucson a safe Father's Day weekend. Remember that #Naughtons is open Saturday & Sunday for all of your cooling needs.
dont waste your time on njit, 1) no girls at all, 2) professors are ass, you gotta basically teach your self.
I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
Call me old fashioned but i really like getting love letters instead of a text message. ♥.♥
yeah, idc though.. i'm not going back to North next year anyway, soo
Like great blues? Catch 9PM every Monday (2203 N Prospect) - 1 block east of Farwell.
Man I did it big for Wifey 2day..Dinner Flowers delivered to the house then a drive around town..Oh Boo..Im the shit!!!
What did you think of it?
HAHA! The Gf just paraphrased Silence of the Lambs - "Have the cows stopped mooing, Leslie?"
Haha. And yeah, that, too. RT and to keep you from Bellevue
You knob
Constant prayer to the Lord will change your behavior because you will realize that God is with you and in you!
bummer! I ate too much funnel cake at the folk fest and felt a little sick, but no viruses thankfully.
I can't hear you over the sound of your own bullshit.
lol no u cant
Kerr's best argument may be team concept RE: AAU system cultivation. Even if some college programs are sub-par...
#followfriday for always being supportive of local artists and our shop.
says "Awful facility for large crowds. Line out door and hearing room overfull #savekcmetro"
I need to start sleeping with my phone on vibrate. All of the boys tweets kept waking me up.
Sittin' up front and ready to go! RT : #shehechat starts in just a few minutes. Any early birds?
“: Call your sold out prostitute senators and congress”,
aw, thanks! Glad you were there for tech support.
Come out and enjoy the beautiful weather and then at 8 take in some trivia in our basement.
A big thanks to our walk volunteers - many who have been setting up since 5 a.m.
Can we worry about the #NFLlockout before we worry about the #NBAlockout please?
Looking fwd to our chat TONIGHT for prospy studnts! Get any ?s answered by current studnts @ 8pm EST.Check american.edu/admissions to log on
We love this! It's Minnesota. :)
Wow what a day! Phone calls with advisors and friends. Lots of good advice. Grateful!! Looks like I'm moving to the South :)
We’ve only got just one life, this I’ve learned, so who cares what they’re gonna say?
Patch Adams and Jeff Van Gundy are both trending...what's going on here, what year is this?
From school to the Airport from the Airport to D.R. cant wait
dope song and vid bro.
THANK U DEB.. U2
you know you love this life.
man i need to be done with mdc already -_-
Oh 50 HWY your too dead for my liking
how did you know?!!
Good idea RT : Myrland Marketing Moment: Take your best Powerpoint presentation, record your voice over it, & post for clients.
Loved it
and good luck with that '66 Montrose - I'm not convinced it will be worth drinking
You were in my dream last night.
np, miss you too (:
that's too bad! It's 75 here in MN! Maybe you should consider moving back :)))
#SlowFood #Rochester farm dinner was a blast! Who would've thought that Honeyhill Farm's CSA members were all gourmet chefs?
Plants live best in pairs and only water it twice a week otherwise you'll over water it. Any less and you'll underwater it.
RT : Dwight Howard hits the streets for NBA Jam | Joystiq: EA set up an NBA Jam arcade cabinet out on the street in N......
Home cooked meals, fires, patios.
Chilling at the #bellagio. What a sweet hotel.
Happy Valentine's Day! What are you doing for your sweetheart today? Don't forget to check out for your date night!
Thanks to all of our Twitter Friends and Facebook Friends! We are ONE like away from hitting 70! That's super exciting!
If chooses aka Gov. Ultrasound as his running mate, we will have a Bob Forehead matching set.
***5TH ANNUAL*** FALLEN SOULJAS PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD PARK HAMPTON & 67 FREE FOOD & FREE CRANKS!!!!!
Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat since 1983
I've never been. Take lots of pics. I wanna go to NY so bad. Can't wait to visit the east coast @ some point.
All they do is hate hate on my crew.
Heading to Battledecks
What are you proud of today?
Me too! You are a great host! RT : Thank you guys for last night! We had a lot of fun
haha me too. I mostly watch Victorious, Austin & Ally, How to Rock now (:
fantastic! That makes me :)
"Swung on and there it goes! That ball is high! It is far! It is...GONE!" - John Sterling
That would be awesome! Definitely let me know! I'll look into both of those when I return mine.
Damn Now Im Sleepy . .
i just spent $300 on combat boots on aldo.
Sounds like doesn't have the rights to that cup...
Is the debate whether to put it on something or eat it with a spoon? I can't imagine how anyone could dislike Nutella.
Ok. Stupid question: How do I get multiple photos on my INSTAGRAMED PHOTO OF ___________. Thanks.
RT : Cool: our "Text A Librarian" service is coming this week. Text us with your questions
it's actually just using core aggregator and pulling in a twitter search rss feed and then displaying the Drupal aggregator block
Love them another Legendary Group
umm,ill go if they go :)
Chilling with today :)
2012 Tip: #Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value
Escape isn't impossible - it's just escape into a different genre.
EXTREMELY sore...
Well, I did know that word before but is the world's foremost portmantexpert.
I believe he was innocent.. without ESPN u wouldn't have even known about it. If it was pujols would u believe him?
then y suspend him? Is it because of colors of his jersey?
Yes & RT : do you use it ===> VERY convenient but also very pricey.
"adequate" is what is being provided by 95%, definitely not a differentiator
You comin with ya auntie and uncle to see unseen beast
ooh! One of my best friends works there! Been meaning to check it out.
People who buy coffee mainly at drive through windows on their way to work spend as much as 2 days a year waiting in line.
. Damn straight! Keep it up, Sir! Can't wait for you to give a clinic on proper science comm at the next #thirstdc main event!
The guy you like must be mentally deficient. I'd say it's time to like someone who will appreciate you as a person!
Watching My Cat From Hell. I love this show! #animalplanet channel. And it's on for another episode!
So it's no longer Tebow time.
I just have to renew my license in the morning then I'm open. Sometime after 10am. The show in C.A. was awesome.
U tell a nigga u gotta bf & he STILL asks for your # ,smh
I love parents being a bigger shit show then their kids at bars.
I want a pussy massage too;-(
- thanks buddy
To the people walking out of culvers, I'm sorry for saying "how was everything tonight?"
Best.Ever. RT : Thanks dear Kimmy. “: Happy Birthday, Mr. T! : )
F our lives
thank you!!! xxoo I need Twitter 101! LOL I still haven't mastered this! Hope Cali is treating you well! : )
Good to hear. They were pretty rad. There's a Flickr group you can post some too, and they'll show up on website.
Which time zone are you in now?!
Operation; #HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Kill The Bitch
Full house at the Washington County Quorum Court meeting
purchased a lemon cake to enjoy during #gameofthrones tonight
Two huge losses in the NFL -- Da'Quan Bowers and Phil Taylor. Both teams will be significantly worse along the defensive line.
What's the world up to tonight?
RT So many bad ads during mad men: internet explorer, google plus and especially miller64
Yes, it's legit. Check it out. You'll be glad you did.
3 readers of which 2 must be positive. Easy to say "revise and re-submit." Reviewers now have to agree to read again.
Remember how missiles were stolen out of Libya during the crisis and a helicopter gets shot down by the Taliban. Hm?
Get at least 32g. You'll need it once apps start having assets for ipad retinal.
I think she is very talented.
The Weeknd is ethiopian? wow come down
Where are all my tattoo models at?
A day for dave... Coffee with friends, the gym and a massage :)
Looks like the Brady Bunch are headed back to the Super Bowl for the 4th time! Only like the Pats bcz Brady was a #MichiganWolverines QB
so do ours:-) we love St Joe
Get well, get well soon. We wish you to get well.
the same to you! :)
It sucks when you know you need to let go, but can't because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
Nationwide Model Search
Redsox better win today all I'm gonna say!
hey twitter fam FYI, I'm getting married! in Provence, this August. c'est fou, mais c'est siiii bon
Good morning to the world.. Don't 4 get to Thank the BIG man that woke us up thank you JESUS....
Sure thing....
New web design coming soon.
Thanks for calling me a bitch, that's the kind of level headed and mature response I've come to expect from your side.
Plaxico Burress went to Michigan? I thought he went to Pen State.
is bored and can't wait for July 1st.
I love your openness 😊
Thanks for the tweet out. Can't wait to help you make your big day a memorable one. Great to finally connect.
I'm looking forward to your contribution to #CatsOnDinner Which reminds me... poutiiiiiiiine!
Sounds like fun! :)
I can't wait until tonight's game. I feel like I'm playing
aussies are so amazing, aww so proud to be an australian citizen :')
#WhenAustin hangs out with Alex and makes COOL MORNING videos! :D
Flipcups.com is ready to Add more Shirts for summer, and to release a Brand New Website in a WEEK... Will let you know When its Ready
and more on the way in June!
Mark Daniel has updated www.MarkDanielMusic.com with a few new things.
Overheard - Guy: "If ur free, I'd luv 2 take u 2 dinner." Girl: "Sure. But we don't have 2 bother with dinner if you don't want 2."
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH ♥ HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 6
I feel bad for Bard...he wants to start, the team wants him to start, but since the fans are panicking he won't hear the end of it.
ANGIE DID YOU EVEN GO TO BED
sorry half sleep I was trying to say if they don't throw the playoffs this year we a get it
I will never understand, in life, why the "Electric Slide" or anything in that genre exists- ESPECIALLY in a Cowboy joint. TWO-STEP,PLEASE!
Thanks ! We're super-psyched....
Hi! My name is Zarina, I like to sing! :D
#FF ! He is an overall indescribable dude.He's Really sweet and funny. I love him! Follow him! :D
I just grabbed a shark bacon platter
OED: storminess (1804) G. Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
only got an hour playa
My 14-year-old is soloing along to Dream Theater. I love days when he has only a little homework and can get right to his passions.
You do an absolutely awesome job for the Falcons and represent our city well. Thanks for all you do and get well soon!
Days pass and feelings fade, I’m wondering if you regret that decision you made.
ooh no yess something must b up
“: If you're an adult man & you get excited about a pair of sneakers I will slap your face.”
Everybody in L.A got some thugg in them.
Back in ohio .
I trusted you , and you tricked me . It's always the same bullshit with you .
He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing.
yeah she can sing, but there are others there too like who are brillant you need to give her some credit.
Donald Swearer has a book like that; I forget the title.
Dane Co. Sheriff's Elise Schaffer: They're hoping it continues to be peaceful. They want to give people access and let others work.
beta members get advance notice of sponsor offers for life. Since each offer is limited, this means you get first dibs. Join now!
the government would preserve/store surplus goods, abolishing the practice of destroying surplus food.
Follow this gorgeous girl! She tweet's daily and always adds amazingly hot photos! Please RT <3! Xx
what's that jeff hardy put on twitter
Hey man, I saw you running that rock the other day! #killinit RT : what's good rob?!
"The only thing to fear is fear itself" Sometimes todays over reaching media and immediate stimulus hurts and doesn't help.
Y my son gotta rub me all in the face, before he falls asleep
Happy Turkey Day :D *Gobble Gobble* #BringOnTheTurkey<3
do it do it do it! #peerpressure ( )
u w/ him? I've been trying to reach him and he won't return my emails! Ese vato... He wears Toms ya know
ard CAPS off
heck yeah
im sorry steph i am here for u girl
lmao my theme song this month haha
Just got home from the mental hospital Thursday and now looks like I'm being sent back.
"diligence search" puts me in mind of "eminence front" (it's a put-on)
neil young and crazy horse at red rocks this summer = dream date
Thanks for following my twitter Deby. I hope your psychism and spiritual pursuits are flourishing!
i juat got a new tv and the first thing i wastched was you!!
ha I remember that :) lol
I've been trying to think of a way to switch up the me bags this yr. It takes us forever to get through them too!
Thanks for the continuous support #
hey how r u and ur dad
Listening to mike Benedict rap on the computer and he fucking sucks lol so cut
Christians are all called to some form of ministry, even of it is not to a pulpit.
RT : Jenny & I are pleased to announce birth of our 2nd child this morning, Annabelle Elizabeth! Mom and baby doing well!
She didnt compare Anne to Hitler, she compared the phrase "The Crown of Motherhood" get your facts straight
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are greatly more ways of being dead, or rather not alive.
there's nothing good on tv!! lol
hey fat man.
well not everything...cause ya def don't know as much as I do
I was in twitter jail so I sent it when I woke up
thank you for the retweet - appreciate you sharing
Music Is Happiness, Encourage, Wise, Well- Minded. It all about how much you love it. Express your feelings to the world. Its good quality.
no! your scruff is sexy
I'm a dealer in Cincinnati--just started following
Today is the day
he posted on fb 'I forgot how many games these girls play' uhh, btch no games. Does he not realize how fragile girls are?
Fraggle rock on netflix!
presiential motorcade again f'd up my commute last night, BUT was 3rd time in 2 mos. i was able to flip Obama off from under 50-ft away
I dont have time to waster arguing over the computer or a phone.. waste of my finger strength
and I hate the dodgers at this point too...
ooh gorgeous! Love the sunlight coming in too!
RT : oh they loving crew
#TurcozyDatingTip A gentleman always takes his corpse out for a delicious gluten-free seafood dinner before jumping in the sack.
Mary Kate, Mary Beth, Mary Francis, me...
Public Domain means never having to say you're sorry.
numbers that are hard to say when flossing: fourteen, twenty-two
can it be both..? Does it not alarm you to have kennedy, loney, and dee in the same lineup?
Made some great gunshot sounds and made my cat's purr sound like a huge demon. Fun with
BTW, I feel lame for knocking Zuckerberg's pre-announcement hype yesterday. Organ donation is the easiest decision you can make.
"Be kind to yourself as you seek your own balance, and always remember that acting is not your calling. It's your choice. -Jackie Apodaca"
I really don't wait to rain this weekend so I can work on yard and pool. Im ready to open my pool.
unfollowing anyone who tweets that hashtag.
Rain is on the way
Your tweets taste just like cheap Kelloggs cornflakes, #ComeOutToPlay, about to shake and bake your ass like an easy slay
congrats!! Nice work!
great camera but be wary of indoor shooting, also drops a lot of frames with high movement.
Much respect big homie, thanks for the add man! Orphanz
Cant go to practice again Ughh
I haven't had one yet, either. Probably stopping in later today to try.
Hit the trails at Sewickley Heights Park w/ husband today before finishing Dead in the Family by Charlaine Harris poolside. A+ Saturday.
I didn't even know Ginuwine made videos for all of those songs.
no see guys can fight and then were chill like that's just how it is... And it's basically like u guys talkin it out we fight
I just burnt my finger curling my hair. It hurts like a bitch
In workshop on getting core courses approved. One form has spaces for as many as 24 different approval signatures.
Alton brown. And anything he wants!
wow... Citizens Banks is the worst bank ever. A bunch of fucking crooks.
Most people wait until after they pack up and move before buying stuff for the new place :-)
no class today :) Monday was the last day
Get ready for a day of crazy.
I love you sis
i know watcha mean
#SNL 2012 Shout-out. Love ya #Jimmy Fallon,
the joke tweets about things longer than Kim's wedding
What's cookin' #MKE restaurants? Wanna b more efficient & have more comfortable diners? Try our biz program 4 #energyefficient upgrades!
Ah! I just found a slug in my bathroom!!! Now I'm afraid to use my toothbrush.......
My Body Sings Electric Tour Kickoff | Hi-dive is next Thursday. Who wants a VIP Ticket/Shirt pack for $12?
The #Aztecs are trailing the Rams at the half 30-34.
A little work, some homework, treadmill, laundry, and the Giants game. Clinch it!!
I can see that ;)
It's not like there's an off switch.
#FavMovQuote Sit yo 5 dollar ass down for i make change - Nino Brown New Jack City
favorite song, favorite YouTubers, one of the best videos yet! <3
I Changed My User Name . ♥♥ XO
How do you study without club stroz and a passion fruit tea ?
ikr it takes more thought and energy to tell a damn lie smh
Urban Drawl jamming on Highland Avenue all day at the Chestnut Hill Garden Fest. Stop by and say hi, sets at 11, 1 & 3.
On the road of life, I'd rather wear out than rust out.
Rememer when you were in Hillside Elementary School and you'd get those little flowers wrapped in colorful tin foil for Mother's Day?
Playing soccer on a Baltimore team= meeting the entire 3% foreign born population in the city.
Agreed....Romney is the choice that needs to be made!
Avengers, catching up with MLS pals, and shopping for size medium clothes with the bestie at Edinburgh. Great weekend!
Who else got a mass invite today to become an "Associate Member" of the Academy of American Poets? And has never written a poem?
That moment when you continue to eat like an athlete when you're out injured crap.
Hair took a total 32 seconds today.
We make the machine you make them do ! What have you been doing lately?
CASEY DONAHEW AND CAROLINA LIAR ARE GOING TO BE AT TOA THIS YEAR!!!!:)))) #lovethem #sopumped👌👊👍🎶💗
Hey Laurie 1 big question. Will Seas 3 have more episodes that Seas 2? 13 is just not enough. & hiatus makes it hard.
#Maryland house- no more delays. Stop being cowards and vote YES on #gaymarriage Doing the right thing is never easy, but it's your job.
it's another rap I hope..dance a$$??
Pretty sure it's Donald Pleasence's hologram. I heard every mid-tier celebrity that died in 1995 automatically gets one.
plzz follow me plzz i beg u
That's for sure!! It's been a cat, dog, and duck kind of day. Lots of time over in our off-leash dog park today.
I want a hedgehog so bad. :c
hahaha take your time there's a killer on the loose
So bummed I don't live in Nashville right now :(
I am not a morning person. It has taken me awhile to admit this because I used to be one. I am not one anymore.
One of my favorites.
fans love your Fall So Hard University comment.
Pumpkin carving time!!!
I'm working on creatively chic-ing. We'll see what I come up with or if I just roll in with a ball gown ;-)
What I've done instead of writing my paper: dl music, FB stalk, look up flights, look at apts in LA, watched MVs, snacked, Draw Something..
Just swam. Keuka lake tri this sunday.
Hmm hard to tell, we can have some buds take a look. What are you thinking?
Why does this thing spell everything wrong, constructing a grammatically sound sentence without feeling like a cretin is difficult.
Thanks for the follow, Tori! We like your site, keep up the good work. Wishbone launches next month - we'll keep you in the loop!
What's in store for today !!
One of these days will be big and famous and I'm going to be sitting here saying I remember him from YouTube<21
The display contrast of iPhone 4 display is 800:1
Yeah dude I feel you on that Whitney was so special and unique that no one can even compare.
Sub in health and watching a movie.
what's the best secret santa gift you've ever given or received? ($20 limit excluding gift cards)
I do. Don't wanna be mayor of it.
