congrats on your engagement Jessica! "I only want to be wanted by you!"
hello! Ive missed you too!
even private people's can be seen when you tag them trust me ESPN blew me up. Haha
what pictures???
I hate the Lakers.
ASAP mob doesn't fuck around
Allowing photos definitely a start to letting visitors document trip.
I would love to get Alan Jackson's CD precious memories for mother's day. Hint hint
Yeah well I'm an ass too. Spoiler just annoyed me this morning because I was irritated I missed it last night.
My new favorite account to follow is Always has interesting tidbits.
Let me know when you've got an #indy date. Happy to help get the word out.
Yep, we got a building. No more paying rent for us-now on to the completion of construction! It's business, La Cienega, nothing personal :P
Been working for over 16 hours today. It sure goes by fast when you're doing interesting things.
there's a great shop called Room to Room.
Some days there won’t be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. – Emory Austin
haha i want to go but I cant even imagine how much tickets are this year
Who's ready for #ThatGirlRocks interactive campaign launch?? We are! Only 2 more hours! :)
LOVING this crazy rain! Maybe tomorrow will be the day I find a pot of gold.
Listening to "Why Wont They Buy" 5 Simple Secrets to Selling your Expertise at
Featured bands tonight at Church incl Pat Coman, Matt Koelsch and the Allies, Hafrian's Heroes, and Gravitas. Tix $7 come check it out.
we're not talking about bread here anymore, are we?
Totally agree - "Little Brother" was awesome Eli has been killing it tonight. Very funny. Awesome.
What did the house wear to the party???
As a Tech adjunct prof, my prayers go out to the victims' families and the whole Hokie community after today's shootings.
I'm not mad.. Glad I don't have to go through years of shit to find this out again... When it's worth it to U it'll happen..
Welcome, creative one.
About to Download more music.
I've been running around all day trying to get work done. I can call you later tonight if you're free. If not I can call later.
Sad news to start the day. Another loss in Afghanistan. Details on Z News in 5 minutes.
please come save me Scott! please,... don't let any of that ever happen to me.... please Scott.... I'm so traumatized
im not sleepy at all doe. i guess ill just watch a movies until i fall asleep.
Just found it - that's terrible. He was so young!
The Art Engine is getting ready to launch more workshops for artists. The Art of Selling Art. So Cal first.
naw I haven't. Where can I listen to it? See where you heading sonically.
Um.. I've never been friend zoned before.... #firsttimeforeverything ?
Tebow's career is over. He had a chance in Jacksonville, but New York is going to crush him. His choice though!
Yall can go follow our other accounts (Kayla) (Kayla) and me <3 ~Sara
My TL can NOT take any more ignorance.
watching The Vow gahsiflsis
currently enrollment is not available but the band will announce when it is again
Green Day covers and too many cigarettes.
Sports Cry
When you learn, teach. When you get, give. - The Amazing, M.A.
no! Was it good???
Dude. Patience. You're like a caterpillar. Next year is the whole chrysalis/awakening as a butterfly thing. I'm telling yah;P
i failed english. oops.
I love you you're everything to me amor <3
Im not throwing my phone no where! lol Who is the person doing the interview?
there's a federation of planets?
Get reporters excited to engage/respond to comments about their stories. -
Family in-town for #Thanksgiving?Put them up in our host hotel for a discounted price at the Hilton #Milwaukee City Center.Call for details.
seems ur crows had to say maybe next year far more often than Steelers6 lol
How can they blow so many similar calls? Hometown refs
not fuckin wit me anymore -.-
Good morning all!
I think there should always been a Ky boy on the Ky team! B/c of the pride a Ky player brings to the team! Like Miller
Interested to hear about some of those GREP tricks you no longer need . . .
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...ask yourself what a real friend is, and then do a recount of yours...
Like! Very eerie and quietly disturbing photo, Rebecca.
new ink is always good. i need some more!
You're welcome :)
Thanks brahs. I look forward to fucking the internet up with u guys. 140 words at a time. =)
It's weird knowing that I'll be a senior in a couple of weeks. 😌
Share Rickey lee watson and his new Video sweeping the country What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com itunes, Rhasody,Napster
So much fun tonight singing My Generation!!!
RT : It's in #downtownlv ... Party Arty, Las Vegas!
Pretty sure I'm gonna jump kick Brandon Marshal in the chest after the game.
haha! Same with me actually I was just a fan of her show which I still watch. It's only the Disney show that I watch still.
no u don't dont say that about ur self u look very preety
Who cares!!! shes nuts!!
............. him & i will have secret times in the hotel. btw, are you guys staying thererreee?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 8. I love Culvers. My favorite thing there is a "crazy for cookie dough concrete mixer"
GMail has finally made me switch and I hate it.
where you wanna meet up ?
"This nikkkkaa Ray J does not want one wish! He wants 900! It took me 6 years to realize that ish."
Snow in DC, if only a very little
Not even sure which team blows leads worse, the Chargers, the Cowboys, or my Dolphins. A plethora of suck between the 3 either way.
pretty much. haha.
Which would mean that you will need to be extra dedicated and keep on the correct track
I love when putting my piercings back in doesn't hurt and I can just pop 'em right in
Take advantage of the anabolic window (up to 30 min) post workout and have a well balanced snack.
None of you meant a thing to me. Now that I think about it, I was just around for the fun.
definitely shotgun no blitz
where were u lastnite my nicca?
can't wait for the new Dexter tonight.
Do you think Mr. Thompson knows about the best Aaron protectors that will be available in next week’s draft? I hope someone will tell him.
I've been told by many people that I have a beautiful singing voice.
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL bye bye chelski. and without Terry for the first 3 of your Europa League campaign next year, oh dear.
Oxford English Dictionary really add #OMG to the dictionary? What?!
Gotta risk it to get the biscuit #FiredUp. <3
How long are you accepting applications for your fellowship? Just waiting on a letter of recommendation.
Holla to my new followers!! I wanna lick all y'alls ass holes!!
I hope the tablet lives up to the hype!
lol aiight serenity, ur little ass gonna have to get readjusted again.
Thanks, Jane. Let us know if it's rad after the fact, too, please.
RT : Getting contracts used to be 50% results and 50% relationships, said to bradach, but now 20% results, 80%...
Just wanted to say #happyfathersday to all the Dad's out there
#pii2012 Could industry develop a Truth in Lending -like disclosure summary template for privacy policies? Understandable to all users.
Thank you so much! I read SLEEPING IN VELVET when it came out. ;-) oxoA
Fuck like one too.
Started Cycle with at 1:32 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Sweet 16 Baby!
didn't need proof. I believed ya. So you hanging in the quarter these days?
Much <3 to all my new followers! You guys rock!
I just woke up :)
Think ima bout to have some left over spicy grilled shrimp and steak :)
will this tweet be your only way of knowing you were there?
": hey game change on HBO tonite maybe interesting.FYI." - Def. watching that tonight!
Nope...my mommy!
Tomorrow begin's National #Latino #Heritage Month in the United States. Somos Latinos, un pueblo orgulloso!
White/Black America's relationship is uniquely difficult. I think they think acknowledging Kwanzaa is enough. Celebrate it? No.
I loved you then and I love you still. I forever do and I forever will..
Thank you, we will most definitely keep that in mind!
eh, wasn't mild about most of the things in it! best thing was gold nail polish, the rest was mostly random
Hi, thanks for following me. I'm Sophie. I love BSB too!!
I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions.
Zayn Malik's voice is the most amazing voice of One Direction. He'd be my favorite guy if he didn't smoke.
5 pm math assignments are so NOT my thing.
We have a tough fight today and I think #Immigration is one of them. -Barney Frank
RT : People are becoming the most powerful media –
Tell him I said Happy Birthday!!
We are jazzed to see everyone!
Shooting our little SAG short this weekend, send blessings our way.....
yes, yes, and 1000 times yes...I am definitely wishing I had taken the tropical vacation advice from seasoned Seattleite friends
Headed over to Louisville Slugger Field to throw out the first pitch. I'm bringing the heat, this could get embarrassing.
You're supposed to be the one i can always count on.
I will be all over the metro today meetings and estimates from West St. Paul to So. Mpls.
A4: It is not a full time gig though. Or not in my exp. If an org can pay, all the better...
Celebrate #National #AdultEd & #Family #Literacy Week by attending our Film Series on Friday
"Digital folding of culture" concept
I just did AbRipperX. Laughing and sneezing will hurt tomorrow.
User:NonieStickney545 - Resource Positive Architecture
yes...YES! Very excited to actually watch a live Arsenal (v. AC Milan) match in Jacmel, Haiti.
Scary thing inspiration can be sometimes.
": Take a breath when you need to... and JUST BE NICE! :-) #RonR"
If you stacked Tom Cruise and the little Artist guy on top of each other, you'd get an adorable half-french half-alien regular-sized man.
HahaRT : #DontShootTheRetweetWithCommenter RT : what is that saying about shooting the messenger? :-)
some songs never get old.
Awww how I miss those days when we would eat them together with Nutella!
i tried to DM u from my phone and idk if it had a callback # on it.if it did im not spamming please dont unfollow if it did!
But Chemistry is so much fun!
Yay Tammy and Victor!!
u know this!!
Excellent! I don't remember if we met at TXJS a couple of years ago or not, but I look forward to (re)meeting you soon.
tasteful default picture (: must say its a bit cute! Lol
I'm afraid I'm a season behind...I've been watching on Netflix! haha so don't spoil it for me! :D
thanks, it was great meeting you!
Great job last night! Nice meeting u and happy birthday again
Dream as if you'll live forever and live as if you'll die today.
I've been stalking all night looking for inspirations. I think I def want to attempt football-shaped something.
Herman Moore vs Calvin Johnson...Who wins? Go Lions beat the pack!
is DSM issue 1 of engagement? Old members choose not 2B delegates, find new ones. A #renewal issue. Can we make it easier?
If we had a patio it would be closed tonight, but we don't. We do have sushi and sake though! As well as Kampachi Kama tonight!
And we meant every word. Can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
Need to do my self-assessment in preparation for my performance review on Tuesday.
I never realized how nosy I am until a blocked number called me twice in 4 minutes and didn't leave a voicemail. Not knowing is KILLING me.
hope it went great last night! wish I was in town, would've loved to be there.
follow back !
Looking forward to it!
Im on twitter…………IN CLASS!! Im so bad. Here with sister-Directionah
#YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you're a huge butthole
Check out tweets!
You Pushed me away , so don't expect me to come running back ..
If Liam is afraid of spoons... does he refain from spooning Danielle? O.0
Ahh yes. I'm a bad citizen tonight.
“: “: A little hot sauce on my noddles”!!! #GramLife” got to eat lol
Sushi!!! Green Tea!!! Happy camper!
Yay yay it's farmers market day!
Huge win tonight at Craig
I really enjoy watching The Kentucky Derby.
Hey #OO, happy nickel and dime day!
just watched on #60minutes and he just blew my mind. Keep it up man, mad respect
Yeyyy!! Lol, that's just what Tampico does :D ;)
10 days till I'm 22! Whoop whoop
Yay! I'm excited to see you on Monday at the concert! Thanks for the Sirens shout out!! Xoxo
hahaha, I'm not that mean. It's more like "LOL. When I walk in your man's eyes go from you straight to me" ;) no, I'm kidding :p
We took the spot in Alameda.
Roses are Red, Viloets are Blue. If Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, You know what to do.
enjoying a day off with the dogs... tomorrow, Seattle to Kelso, baby...
I'm followin your moves on twitta!
RT : You have no idea how excited!!! :) RT : It's time! Anyone excited?
Congrats to on his new baby! His show at will be rescheduled. Tomorrow night takes the stage!
So nice to hear instead of the negative news the media dwells on.
Which Designer Just Might Need a Stylist of Her Own? Sometimes a celebrity can blame her stylist when she debuts in a clunker like this o
Steve: Name something a husband would be upset to find a woman hiding under the bed? woman: another man #FamilyFeud LOL!!!!
Where are we today? Driving 2-seater cars at the ! Been waiting for this ALL week! Pics to follow tmrw!
If you're sitting around watching some shitty TV show or some #8 seed play some team from the Midwest...go watch Frozen Planet on
Like if your not following my real account! Get out of here...lol follow ->
Gavin's (2 1/2 yrs old) attending his 1st #SXSW virtually via he is saying hi to everyone you've walked up to
Busy but fun day working with new buyers in the a.m. & then open house in the afternoon! Now time to spend some quality time w/ my couch...
Even though it's fucked up I'm still fucking with you. Damn.
Feeling lazy, what cheap Verizon Android phone should I replace my dying Droid Eris with?
If shabazz goes to UCLA they will still suck, come win a title and play against the best at UK.
FREE Madtown Throwdown tickets being given away Legends Bar and Grill in Madison tonight. Be there and win free tickets.
Go to the Musée des beaux-arts, it's very relaxing! Or to M:brgr if you want a burger.
Shout out to my peeps at hit them up for studio time and don't forget to follow!!!
same :/ i'm thinking of shutting my wifi off sun-mon. I want to forget they exist those days
we will plan on playing Tues. right after school
good luck be safe number 1 fan
Feeling hungry? Come by Tacos, comida Mexicana, we are located on 2nd between STARK and OAK....
I don't have any good friends.... Nope. Not one.
angels with dirty faces
": Titanic 100 years wOw. Global warming couldve saved titanic. Sad to say" haha this is #twittergold !
Watched the Ten Commandments last night and had a great Easter Morning church service
lol I only got to take a pic with him. The line was long.
I want to be with you now ... just a shame that stupid fans who would do anything to see her Niall! I love you :) x
Used to obsessively read variety & deadlinehollywood every day, now I read hacker news & techcrunch
Molly Mason, of told us to always leave doors open. Learn and remember names of those you network with!
it's not what you said it's what you didn't say
OHH GOD! PLEASE DON'T SHOOT ME! YOU'RE ONE THEM!!!
Real bishes follow ... she will not misguide you
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos... smh
And more poking.
Likewise! Look forward 2 meeting next week! :) RT : Morning, pleasure to meet you
i hope that you catch me cuz im already falling ♥
Looking forward to seeing you again at the lecture! Glad you can attend.
awe Pedey, cool Ells, You walk Gonzo again, Youk is gearing up to Crank it!
haha thanx man idk which you are outta the three but you all look great :)
the lakers are getting absolutely shitted on..looking like the bobcats out there
We now offer affordable pet health insurance. Get your instant, no obligation quote now!
If citizens practice with each other friendship, would not need justice.
Identify the belief and your rule for living that is keeping your jealousy going
My dog is officially an alcoholic .
I thought Tequilla and Tamales
Look at the difference between how answered my question and how you dodged it. Own up to your words, that's all.
Which reminds me.. Shoutout to the other hardcore Drake fans and
UGH I hate schuduling conflicts they are the WORSE!!!!
Just made a latte for an afternoon pick-me-up!
IT'S ALMOST SUSHI TIME!
The Music deauthorization limit is bullshit. What the hell Google?
Long story short, I probably should have gone home when you did.
CLASSIC MALKOFF! You rock. Tell him I also loved the hairdryer scene in "Broadcast News" Go gettem!
"Do something YOU can be proud of.” ~ Benji Madden TGIF!!
It's not that I think highly of myself sweetheart, I just don't doubt myself(: #MOSTHATED cuz I got them infatuated! Amused by U
#Sochi set to become first #Winter #Olympics host to raise more than $1 Billion from domestic sponsorship
Is there an app to show how a #Tweet propagates? There should be.
Worked an extra hour and a half today when I was already there from 9-5. I'm BEAT! I just wanna get paid so that these days are worth it!
I'm half asleep ... Does that count?
how high. #FollowBack sexy
Thanks for the retweet!
Heading out to my home town this weekend. Celebrate my Dad's b-day & mothers' day together.
happy to hear Social Media News sent you to us :) Thanks for the following. Looking forward to connecting!
I spent the early 90's recording in all analog studios. Did a full length in 97 that was 100% analog 2 inch tape.
We'd be honored to have you attend our upcoming auction, Visions of Greatness! Ask your fantastic agent about our invite! :)
"The biggest mistake new runners make is that they tend to think in mile increments—1, 2, 3 miles." think in minutes, not miles
meet I bet you guys will have lots of great Twitter conversations.
I vote yes
#FF to the best #JoelLander I know, ! She's a great person!! ;)
Be nice to nerds. One day you will end up working for one!
:) good ole myspace! How r YOU? I hope well RT “: Sup twitter bud since im never on myspace no more Hope u r rocking hard! :)”
On the other hand, just transcribing what we would say out loud doesn't always give clarity, and here the rules can be helpful.
I wanna get tatted!!
Lol Ok. Good Night Nd Have Fun At Yo Grad. If You Up Tweet Me In The Morning
Welcoming comments begins at 6pm.
#NP T.I. : Let's Get Away
I keep smelling bacon but...no bacon.
Thanks! It's great to be back. My cat missed me.
Trudy Jones was just talking about how personal attacks with this issue have been the worst she's seen.
Thank you for including my articles in the Brickbat Revue!
where are you headed man?
ya some of us are blessed with that ;)
very well, very fun
Wonder if neighbor's loud hip-hop will be audible on video presentation I'm about to record for class. Will that help/hurt chance for an A?
not really, i'm just kickin it. pancakes on the way though.
Michele Bachmann is like a child learning to ride a bike. It's cute that she's trying but funnier when she fails.
What to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon? For now, drink another cup of coffee
in·no·va·tiveAdjective/ˈinəˌvātiv/ 1. (of a product, idea, etc.) Featuring new methods; advanced and original.
I know bud and I've been alright lol how have you been bro?
Perfect! Now I can introduce you properly!
thx for add. Have you seen our facebook page? Also Check out our Monday meetings where we are sharing networking and prospering.
My wife confessed she's been secretely watching Smash and loves it! Trying to decide if I should jump on the band wagon. Is it that good?
Can't wait to go to the sox game next month ♥
“ Yall don't know how bad im ready for November 21st to be here...”what's that
Which one sounds more marketable: "Self-Service" or "Helpënselfën"?
Woot! RT : Team is ready and on the way
no pressure.
what up doe ima be on the coast 2 coast in LA wit you
the kids at my daycare have my heart and when they leave it upsets me so much. i hate it. all my favourites always go </3
man i been tweakin dis whoole weekend. haha im glad i came down from this high....mood:
RT I'm a life coach for urban professionals Coaching career development including goal setting & networking
Hill got some ice skates on
I thought that the poet laureate had to be a living poet. #wasthattooharsh? Seriously, I would have preferred a younger poet.
Just saw Lucas Neff waiting outside pre-Iceman. Hope he likes it.
SQUIRRELS #1?..UNHEARD OF..WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN THO..SQUIRRELS RULE..THANKS BRO..F/S..
Man I'm tired of this shit every game its the same shit this is why I hate the NBA
Piano lessons today with Mr. Tim McDonald!!:)
I would say that #TheGate is a good beginner #horror movie for kids. It wasn't bad for what it was and when it was made.
As always, thank you friend!
#Oomf stay talking that shit lol. This is why i dont say nice things..
Since I don't want kids ever I think ill start selling my eggs LOL
I'm going to date the hell out of her
There's a lot of stars but only a few shine bright ...
RT : Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. ~Walter Elliot
If your new album is available at Whole Foods, there's a good chance I'm not interested.
Usually, but then again it is also about ease of use. We all very much appreciate what you do.
My gram wants me to help her buy a computer. She has trouble answering calls on her flip phone. #wishmeluck I'm gonna need it
#idol Now that's how you SING and give respect to a great like James Brown!!! Joshua IS FOR REAL!!!
Mambo is about a feeling in time; Mambo is about emotions. Not about notes and steps.
Yep RT you left out the Lakers.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn’t think you wanted.
u need another follower to get rid of that 6666 lol
Designing rubrics for an online course. Fun times.
Psh big butts do not lie...
My mom doesn't like Skylar and I felt that defensive feeling I get when people talk crap on Taylor. Like that's how much I love her.
Over 34 million Americans have Irish ancestry – even if you don’t, come celebrate with us on Saturday, March 12th!
I put the "pro" in procrastination.
Wow really? went to pump gas and just got hit on like mad crazy some dude asked if he could finish pumping my gas for me *lmao*
Sometimes, my friends make me incredibly tired.
Damn wtf Rangers!!
#Americans have a hard enough time trying to make ends meet. Stop the #IRS from charging interest on accounts being paid.
Two dollar general 18 wheelers parked out front of a Walmart and a dollar tree.
I like voss
Guess we have 3 months at a minimum to determine what to do. Stupid decision.
feel your anger brother
thanks for the follow
Apparently I used up my football mojo for the UW. And the Boilers need some!!! What to do?
RT if you love & supports <3
wrestlers have a banquet to go to Sunday! I'm gonna get that look from Blevins on that day too! gonna be there?
I wanna go back to 1st pd !!
...I am honored... As always.
I just found one in Newport on Monmouth that has the older stuff I love, sorry I can't remember the names of any of them.
I used to want tall black boots like they wore in the video on the cat walk. En Vogue = fierce ladies!
SomeBody....anybody...please text me, I'm so bored, I have 85 minutes to waste.
Just in. Our team is going to try something new. New team go followers can get discounts on our service. Twitter followers only!
So many people getting engaged and having kids. I have no desire yet.
Good Luck , Emily_Jolly21, Go Cats!!!! #beat cards
In my #dream last night I was shopping for star wars toys at the mall with and Rick Schroder.
is looking quite handsome in his new dp.
swagggged the eff out!! U know it ;)
hi jake(: I think you should tweet us. Yes? Yes!<3
Ok I'm done. Lol.
how many people at sotheby's tonight will make the "scream" face when they hear the painting's sale price
listening to this new song by jay sean ft lil wayne its ok
Happy birthday !
Non-profits partner us and have jewelry custom made for your cause! Ciao Bella has partnered with CASA-Pittsburgh, Race for cure 2 name few
This camo case is by far the best case I've ever had
is not loving Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Illinois Masonic Hospital right now.
hope youre having a awecim day beautiful (:
I cant find my other weed doe <
hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :-)
#imagine Louis is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Louis: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*
Porn for the Paranoid
Dear #Netflix is trending today. Netflix has lost two of my DVD's recently. Higher prices = better customer service?
OK OK (I HATE BAKED CHICKEN LOL) BOUT ERRTHING SOUNDS GRAVY ESP ME AS THE ICING ON CAKE!!
I mean id rather have this job then like mcdonalds flipping burgers
Flocka, can you be my baby daddy?
Twas a blast!
now that's more than a little cool!
Is there anything better than Bluegrass covers of #Bruce?
Finally watching Bridesmaids with !!
We've enjoyed a fabulous hot summer in the Pacific Northwest. My kids are going camping next week and wouldn't you know it - rain is coming.
Awesome! RT : Met with the Google team yesterday. Looks like the global cypher is a go, more details to come!
is that I spy?
Dont be sad, Be Glad :D
That person's on drugs, obviously.
my homie always holding me down Watsgood so u got dat hot verse huh
Happy Birthday :-)
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
I <3 too. So many truths in there!
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America. -James Joyce
And I heart you guys for that. RT : Thanks for sparking an important conversation on outcomes! We're listening!
Why is not replying to our room 23 group messaging... ?
RT : Fantastic! MT : We are planning a Personal Digital Archiving Day. Hope to host one in the next few months.
I must say the Yellow Page app is handy for finding gas prices. But that's it.
Stanley Rosen from Santa Fe proposes "prefigurative relations"--a model for better communication and understanding in society
Actually not feeling too bad right now.... RIGHT NOW hahah
follow me
they have #nike backing them. So originality, variety, and having #corporatenike right in your #backyard doesn't hurt. Haha
yep..can't abide the mistreatment of customers or patients..sorry for your experience..that sucks.
Thanks Im glad we are friends
JK: trust = competency, character, consistency, and capacity.
hum Marks new bed time. Mid night lol ;)
PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Listening to Riders In The Sky play at the Oregon Zoo on a nice warm night. Great night for it
what is so significant about the 25 of april that its trending? please explain... someone?
Today is the day that the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it because it is Valentine Day where us the love
#ThatsATurnOff - take you out to dinner but you wont come out to my event
. Congrats on your launch presentation at #Finovate today!
If you were to stare at the road and the cars around you instead of your phone while driving you would see me flicking you off.
Dis hw for dis semester is kicking my a$$ Smh gotta knock it out tho
It's called a pottymouth for a reason. Yucky
Finding a great designer doesn't have to be hard. Shoot me an email or check out my site www.edroper.com
Whenever this chick gets home she is just gasping for air. It is only 32 steps.
Wish I could've seen it. #StudsTerkel was one of my favorite guest on my old Vh1 talk show.
How to Treat Migraines with an Herbal Tincture at Home ~ A Recipe: It is one of the most easy to grow medicinal herbs and has some pr...
Thanks for the follow!
lol Plain White T's are playing later
:) whatcha got planned for today?
Love you Keef!!!! I just be layin in the cut *observin'* Ur the busy 1 w/ur new job & e'rrthang! You're practicing discipline!
- Welcome Adham! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Join us! Banned Books Week, Sept. 24 - Oct. 1, virtual Read-out on YouTube at www.youtube.com/bannedbooksweek .
When somebody asks you what's wrong because they care, and when somebody is just being nosey: big difference.
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO...
Happy Thanksgiving! Go Packers :)
DP best as book; OT most influential; MC interesting but wrong; I learned most from FR. But much depends on course, obviously.
thank you! Your next shirt is on us, just let me know which one/size!
It was by far, the best match of the night. Both men can still put on a great match.
In light of the Sarah Phillips story, let me announce I am an impostor -- my real name is Armin Tamzarian
the phone could be turned off or not get a signal in it.
LOL that's gonna be your new nickname whe you get home :)
Crap, NFL Draft and The Office were on commercial at same time.
Some girl brought her boyfriend to see Bridesmaids. He looked like he was walking to his death when they came in the theater.
like North County Fire, their PIO is an engineer/paramedic, though his primary duty is public interfacing.
I just added new paintings to my website. Please check it out. http:\\dmgartstudio.com
I ran out of room, so I'm listening to it now.
Just want to tweet THANKS to the University of Pittsburgh for providing space for our Semi-finals. Cant wait for April 1st finals!
Someone please educate me on the Cuban deal... And the embargoes are for???
OMG LIFE IS A HIGHWAY AMAZING SONG OMG
Time to go work on my vocals so i can hit up a recording studio real soon... Love yall(:
lol dude, you can get thru it. .Cheer meeting at lunch, you going?
#schoolmemories everyone dropping their pencil in religion class and pissing the teacher off
Cant sell em right now unfortunately :( I lack the licenses. Someday I hope though!
Definitely scary! It's getting harder to even call it food anymore. More like chemistry set surprises & genetic mutant snacks.
Kobe just guaranteed the lakers win the championship this year
#instagramblackout today... Sucks
wondering where my cousin been all my life ?????
I miss you. Come lay in the sun with me :)
I went to McDonalds and ordered a drink the lady asked me if it was for here or Togo
See you Next Year!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Then scattered showers after...
hopefully making some new music for us <33 :)
TONY LUCCA WHAT. I LOVE HIM.
that's all I want right now...is for him to smile<3
“: Are You an #allergy #allergen #allergyfree blogger? You may qualify for a free sample ” yes !
thank you... dat dingle berry Johnson ass nigga don't know shit
"I turned my swag on today"
Goodnight and God bless!
what's your real name then
Paseo for lunch
Anyone wanna get sushi?
Thanks for the follow dear :)
More waste of TAXPAYER $$$$...Thanks City of Portland! Let the police enforce OUR laws! Illegal is Illegal!
is on stage at #livefromtheledge come on down.
Oh, hi there "overwhelming sense of responsability", I was wondering when you were going to show up.
it's really unnecessary, but sometimes when tweets I can't help myself ;)
her name is my password ~
I am fast.. but clumsy lol I would bring The team down
I miss the black Israelites. There. I said it.
Every guy want's a good girl to be bad just for him. Every girl want's a bad boy to be good just for her
No she didn't drop the mic!
wedding went great, now time for food and my bed. tomm radio event, plan concert and hit the pawn shop!!!
Setting up the double boiler. Where are the outlet's around here?
Chalmers has the remedy, Lebron had it in the 1st half, so why doesn't everybody else who is not a 3 point shooter understand go to the hole
and the league played in 1927 and 1928. probably lost too much money during those years.
I hate having natural curly hair it is SO HARD to brush after getting out of the shower
when u coming to Tampa
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger! Stand a little taller...
What is Dance Central 2? I hope it doesn't involve dancing poles, hehe. Take a pic when you turn into a pretzel. LOL!
are my girls
There is some of that, if I think I understand what you're saying.
Not yet, but it was mentioned several times in the WiT session. I will seek it out.
sounds about right
Signs video store guy's Halloween movie rec is beyond disturbing: He keeps saying so, and casually notes some theaters refused to show it.
On the lingo lol
“: Says a lot when you don't have to dance and go all over the stage and captivate an audience Pure Talent”
Nice! We are lucky to have about 10 courses in Austin. It is a great free way to spend some time outside.
thx u boo! Need to see you again and soon!!! (HUG)
I understand. When your loved ones are killed in occupied territory, the intent of the killers doesn't matter.
ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE (: help us trend this! -Kayla
yay! I'm hoping for that too. :) have a safe flight!
I just looked at that list again and got really sad that it's all so damn true. BUZZFEED WHY SO TRUE.
Looking forward to seeing ya!
and don't forget who argued on day 1 for Muslims to support
Country music on a rainy day >>>
Actually I'm only doing stuff for people who I feel apreciate everything I do.
Lol yes i know . . Can't control it . .
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly ☎
Despite power outage, still hookin DJ's up with sick vinyl Check out the selection of old school hip hop at Record Goliath see profile link
#my confession i was scared to approach you at 1st
Just got home from school :] how is your day so far ? <3
"We must view with profound respect the infinite capacity of the human mind to . . .
So if this "heavenly cdn" were running on AWS Apr 21st - 23rd would all those "stuck" cron jobs be in a purgatory dir? :-)
Dale Carpenter on conspiracy theories: they need too many moving parts, superhuman planning & coordination, flawless execution, & secrecy.
Oh the places you'll go!
Is it possible to be a woman looking up the symptoms of her stomach ache/nausea and not be bombarded with "OH HEY YOU'RE PREGNANT!"? Ugh.
Again, reading and writing...
I have always been lucky when I was in relationships cause all my ole ladies had MASSIVE ASSES.
"well sir since i am your host, and youre my guest what do ya wanna do?" "oh I dunno, play chess... Screw" "let's play chess."
Any particular source for "everted" (the term)?
#FF or else your best friend will get eatin by a man eating unicorn!!!!!
Nice job engaging w Digital Now attendees. I'm not there (sad face), but budgeting for it next year. Your menu sounds fab.
alright but I can't do it right now, I'm going to Ikea to buy new stuff for the new apartment
Sims 3 with my sister? I think yes!
Sorry about your sick cat.
What a great weekend! #ExploreFultonMarket was awesome. We'll do it again in Sept. It was just a great time.
Legit i love that word you can use it for aything like " Are you hyper or like, Legit hyper
No my dad seasoned the taco meat with his own made up spices ):
Johnny Wander by and is very good.
just got off work wat it do
Who doesn't want to save money? Consultations are free - call me at 702.279.3482
When a judge yawns while you're presenting.
Shocker....RT : wife of slain Nichols Hills fire chief arrested after gun found in home clothes dryer.
hey i just saw the story on the new york daily news dot com. congrats!
New specials start today. We have two of everyone's favorite this week: Marco Polo and the Spicy Orange Stir Fry.
thats some awesome news for sure
Can't lie. i am a bit disappointed
The media will shape your opinion(s) if you don't keep yourself informed.
those are the best!
I'll be visiting mi familia, but will have some time!
God, I hope you're right! Pulling big time for the Lakers.
Patience is the ability to count down before you blast off. Anonymous / A little true patience, not pretending or forcing it goes a long way
Ugh, why is it that when i actually want to go out - everyone has other plans
hahaha i have a audition wish me LUCK..... thnx!!!!
WOW. Yes. Such immediacy & edge. VERY talented.
Love songs radio on #Pandora reminds me of high school dances
Skylar you should have sang Mississipi Girl by Faith Hill.. You would kill it!! Good job!!!
so quick with these that I make A.P. look like a snail! lol
I used to love Mondays, but now I'm thinking Wednesdays are pretty extraordinary also!
IF YOUR ON OR THINK YOU NEED TO BE ON THE GUEST LIST FOR TONIGHT (Amnesia) , PLEASE CONFIRM WITH ME ASAP 210-789-9079 b4 its 2 crazy 2nite
#nwill2011 Old training/documentation method: 3 ring notebook with many sticky notes. Need to update more regularly! <3-4yrs
New year's Resolution- go to Ga state... move to my Condo downtown
I wish that Hooters would give me their recipe for cooking/frying slices of sour pickles.
What are you thankful for?
Maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's the snow, or maybe it's just me, but today seems less Monday-esque than normal. How's today treating you?
bummer! best of luck!
Do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?
Eeesh, Drops to that #Fail!
I am cool now!
I wish I could puke to just get it over with feeling sick sux's... Fuck!?
Idk who she is but I noticed you tried to delete this tweet. Pedophile. RT : Damn. If only Courtney's brothers were older Mmmhmm 👍💁
Thanks for the retweet. Now back to changing the world one positive action at a time.
I just finished your book...learned so much.
Lmao...how long are you up for??
IF ONLY! "Look at THIS guy …"
Drinking a Mammoth hefeweizen, excited to plant the vegetable seeds I bought today.
Imagine...there is an amazing man looking for you right now to be his love. Let him find you.
I'm Tired
theyll probly even give you more for free. they upped my upload limit for free "for the children".
I'm your #SundayLibrarian today! Working on booktalks and serving my patrons.
"Getting lucky in Kentucky" actually means scoring higher than 25% on a multiple choice exam at the UK
In other big news this week, I've also been elected as President of Commercial & Industrial Photographers of New England ( )
“: [ATTENTION]]? THE NEXT 170 PEOPLE THAT GO FOLLOW WILL GET A FOLLOW BACK FROM ME ( IM CHECKING ).”can I get my follow
Historian Warren Kimball: Churchill was infatuated with sometimes bizarre schemes; explains friendship with Mountbatten and the 'Prof'.
Happy Tuesday! Start the short workweek off right with one of our smooth lattes made with locally roasted espresso.
Yo dude, I would love to check out google wave if you have an extra invite. Thanks
she had some trouble with herself ~
"Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness."
I can just tell this summer is going to be one of the best.
The company with the fullest bike rack will win the race. The same goes for cities.
I wanna wake to someone holding me...to much to ask for????
NBA Playoffs about to get real REAL!!!
You have to! lol. I have like 50 more pages to go. I'm kinda more skimming than reading it thoroughly though..
In the middle of the day? Lol.. I think they just weren't paying attention.
Go get 'em, girlfriend!
We are all #WalkingDead, but we should enjoy the trip all the time. :)
#uCantBeToughAndSay fuck with me later, I gotta go with my little brother to gymnastics.
For example, a politically-inspired sculpture could spark a debate about current politics and how they affect real people.
love the new night! excited for new PP!
love Herbivoracious! Eating the caramel cooked tofu from it as we speak!
GO TWEET HAPPY BIRTHDAY HER BIRTHDAY IS TODAY. PLEASE DO IT
Stephen Colbert doing push ups with an 80 year old man. Priceless.
is a little confused by twitter still....
facebook is going down.
Can you feel the #heat ?~!Miami's gonna take dallas tonight~!
There's 2 things you need to RT #Pink & Purple &
I kinda want the new #Samsung #GalaxyNote .
are you in White Center these days? and I are near Alaska Junction, but sometimes I bike down that way.
aw gingers are awesome x
The avengers. 6 hours long, tonight only! 3 for the wait, and 3 for the movie.
Sure thing...keep me posted.
I see... will it still get a bit of char? Anything else good to do before eating the corn besides a bit of lime and salt?
This game is over. I'm gonna watch House MD now.
Thank you! Please send us an email at
WTFing + drinks at bars with former Milwaukeeans= awesome night, awful morning.
YEAH! i can't wait to see!
I'll be there can't wait to see you again
Where is my fav Beyond Scared Straight episode, when the prisoner tells the guy to put his finger in the Kool-aid and rub it on his lips?!
#putGodfirst he made me a Baller!!! If you want to Ball get to know God and keep him FIRST!!
#myfavoritefood is Beignets for breakfast, Fried Oyster Poboy for lunch, Seafood platter including shrimp and a Banana Fosters for dessert.
Love a #nudist discount vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
I love bobby pins (:
i associate Douglass w/ freedom.. a principled & reasoned stance. but #occupy w/ a false emotional appeal to "fairness"
Too bad Deacon Jones couldnt have gotten into the hall of fame if he were playing in todays NFL. He invented the head slap!
Sounds truly painful! Hope you have a speedy recovery.
I'm not dead after laying on his sick pillow!
: Starting today!!!! Not going out like this!!!!!
When speaking about me or my places ,I prefer words like gargantuan & behemoth! It beats tiny,or I have a nice personality!
Lady Gaga's outfit esp the shoes on
Good luck man ! Will have you on at the office !!
where can you pick that up? I have to try it..
Putting in my raised bed this morning!
who got got winning Ravens Texans?
Too soon on LuluLemons. Try something more tasteful, like Moammar's Angels.
I had to unfollow Willie gay its not personal its a black and gold thing.
Y ppl all in they feelings abt breezy n rihanna??? #stfu! They grown!!!
Give me your top 5 restaurants that aren't steak houses downtown. I'm looking for a good dinner spot for Sat night.
I know that if I live by faith,I can face any test and I know that one day my Destiny will be fulfilled. ...Great I am!!!!!!!
Have fun! Tweet any tips & tricks you learn =)
after a long ass time u talk to me
When you feel uncomfortable, it means you're growing -
Why are all my friends at lax or baseball. Soo bored
SHdc is launching it's first issue May 1st! Your poker destination site will be here soon...
I'm fine, but it sucks that you have a cold. Wish I was there to take care of you...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 15
I'll be on on Sirius tonight @ 8 pm talking our recent findings on
The Davinci team is #AllDressedUp today. If you had a #virtualoffice you wouldn't have to suffer wearing a costume to work today. :)
I'm still at work but we close at 10 on sundays!
fave sign so far "everyday I'm' Russell'n"
Seriously can't wait for tomorrow.
My cat is beautiful, fuck you.
Maybe??? that does it
You moved closer to the Junction? RT : Nice! I'm near Alaska Junction. Love it here.
This is first time making meat loaf but its west african meat loaf..... I did great n it slaps
At least Zimmerman got Hamels back. I hate when they beam someone that had nothing to do with it. Assinine
you know it
hell up
Listening to and I can't get enough. Alex I adore you! I know you are doing Europe this year but come visit me!
#cataloging an invite to a 1985 Danceteria party hosted by Joey Arias & Edwidge. Cooler than any invite I'll ever get.
ok just text me if u need to talk. Am I going to have to go kung fu panda on someone?
How long does the Super Bowl take?
m thats sounds good right about now. I'm eating a jar of almonds at my desk.
hey EVERYONE please block & report this a-hole of a twitter user,
i figured out how to put up a picture (:
dont forget: make sure you have fun today big fella
Working on a broshure for world history...does anyone really NEED to know how crazy-devoted christians were back then?!? honestly!
Yup this mornin was to live
please follow me it will make me so happy for my exams tommorow <3333
wondering what my buddy is up to tonight...
Back home.
It really hurts when a friend who you have helped and looked out for hurts you.
You boys have room for a mendicant?
Awesome! Thanks so much. How are you guys doing today?
Love it! Just makes you want to smile...
SEO'ers , ,a Silicon Research Lab , and med COO - Thanks for the follow!
": that was my girlfriend..." No girl is dumb enough to date you...
go get the 中國菜
Getting put to sleep with some HEAD. & Waking up to some HEAD :) >>>
So glad you were able to visit my house! Anything you liked? Didn't like? I certainly hope you enjoyed yourself!
is this a freelance position? :-)
#NM #MustFollow! Must eat there! So delicious!
That documentary was made by my professor Tom Marksbury!
You're quite welcome and thanks!
when can we start buying YOUR music!?!? I've been waiting since last year!
#Assistance with !!
Can't help but be dissappointed by Arsenal's season! What should Wenger do next? Do you think his job is in jeopardy?
and the top two winners were #ironblanket, and a close second place was #streetcode. congrats to all!
so no standing on the roof holding up a golf club? Alrighty 👍
Damn.... You're ugly.
you should use Madison for your next story:)
thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
GREAT GAME #NUGGETS! Gotta come back even harder sunday, and even this series up!!
Thanks for the follow! I tried to meet you last night, but I had to slip out before the line died down around you.
Movie hangover lives up to the hype! Only downfall had to sacrafice watching what turned out to be an awesome game......
i have found the right person but he dosent like me like that
Apparently I have two kinds of suitcases 1. One from maybe the 1930's that looks like a trumpet case and 2. Bright HOT PINK rollaway
i saw the Crestwood Donation story why don't they just get the guys name off the cc he used to buy the stuff at the store?
Fantastic! RT : I will be there!
yes, we know lol. You sent me like 5 messages one day lol.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :) #onedirection <3
miss u to
A short history of privatisation in the UK: 1979-2012 | Richard Seymour: From the first experiments with British..
Try Cheeseburger soup prescription :-)
see you soon! I'm sure #goldcoastLTI will be amazing b/c...who has convention in the keys?!
You just end up back around .
- Yeah dude its gonna be a CRAZY Weekend!! dont forget sunday ENDLESS SUMMER rooftop @ The Clarendon! we are parting all week!!
#RoyalWedding Was really long
Can't wait to get to Pullman in the morning to see some of my favorite donors to Cougar Athletics!
Ok yes I do have a favorite one direction person and it's Niall but, Niall is the first one I fell for&I love them all equally<3
Does anyone know anything about Driven Marketing Solutions out of #GreenTree?
Ps... If you don't have anything positive to say then hold yours. It's hard enough trying to move on from this still, no more negativity
Todays password "happy mother's day"
#hatcat is almost at one million views. One. Million. Views.
The only reason tobacco is legal and weed is not is because it can be taxed, a lot of people make money off it, it's all about the money.
#ARSENAL! Good job boys...way to finish the season.
Start your day off right with an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte. Only 11 days left!
Lance - Haywood... Live in the now Me- I'll get off Twitter.
One night is good, two - better. But Nicnos is coming back for a 3rd night in a row tonight at Whiskey Chicks to play the night away!
Fabulous Sunday. feels like fall. Cleaning closets. Watching football. Making lentil stew.
We'll take it! is one of our favorite ubernerds. He needs to freakin' rock our stage already!
Aw *huggles* Thank you :)
when do u come home
Fascinating. I did relatively well in the first challenge, though not quite as good as the teams.
Whoever said "words will never hurt me" You're right. Words kill instead...
Wow we are drivin 25 mph with the flashers on and still can't see two feet in front of us!
YAYYYY!!! RT : Passed the Series 3! Officially a commodity futures broker :)
why must it be so hot in my room
Shout out to all my new followers
S/O to Jake L. and the team that helped us shoot Studio 60. It was an amazing shoot and I cant wait to see it!
My two almas mater played against each other today. My loyalty? I'm a Big Red Saluki.
I have surprises for you all
omg terrible choices RT : Would you rather be Courtney Stodden for a day or be poor for the rest of your life? Let me know!
well of course.
#blend11 Social Media Workshop. This is a tweet to acknowledge that I am in the blended session about tweeting. Very recursive.
thanks for the mid day break!
If you missed us today, don't worry we will be back in the shop on Tuesday call us for an appointment 901-794-0553
& Thanks, I appreciate that RT : You're welcome, &amp; your date was a BEAUTY!
i went to sleep too early lastnight
hell yea my nigg movin up in da world like the jefferson "Movine on up @ the eastsidde"
Education: 2 levels of needs - on the national level of policy and funding, and in the classroom/museum/after-school space
Friends--Alabama Mission Team on WOAI and again on Morning Show--set your DVR NOW!!
Hehe I'm Listening to Soundtrack to my life I'm falling In love with this song <3< oh and merry christmas
Well played. 50pts. I'm 99% sure you'll use one of those words today in conversation. And when you do, let me know. :)
I almost fell off the horse yesterday. Thank God the wall-mart worker unplugged it!
Head out* RT Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out... RT Take Me With You!!!!! Lol
Nobody wants to see a rushing TD here, lol.
supporting this as well>>>>
We finally hired a new breakfast girl at work, took long enough.
you know it :-D. I'm super geeked out.
I almost didn't recognize her. Apparently she likes to hang out in hipster bars in Cobble Hill.
my mom doesn't want me to go :c says its a bad school since Ivonne went there & how she turned up.
I like her but I do find it interesting that "they" only give beauty props to light skin, blonde haired, european feature types
Light legs and back workout. Tomorrow is fitness class and cardio.
First stop - Yadkin Valley
Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions Analysts cool on Aviva US sale suggestions. Analysts have reacted coolly to suggestions Aviva
80% of population will have back pain in their life.
playin some #cod with the guys. Nothing like a little #natzi zombi action to kick off the evening
Yoo u rolling through on Thursday?
Hey, Hugs right back and thanks!
lots of people tweeting at #isastc. This is going to be good.
Long day tomorrow.. 23 feels like 22
Smith: adds that has declined support from donors before if their interests or intentions do not align with our mission.
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry. - Proverb
You have a hard time deciding that? Wow...
lol I hope that's a good "oh I see"
seriously lex, go to bed. normal people sleep at this hour
The novel "Master and Margarita" by Bulgakov is all about the carnivalesque destruction of normalcy when the Devil turns up in Moscow.
Ty Lawson is out here burning niggas!
#10FactsAboutMe My mum's been going back and fourth to and from the hospital.. She's doing fine at the moment, though.
Did Yu actually buy a part of the franchise, or did he already own a piece?
fyi - the alarm at the old place is going off. Any idea of how to stop it?
Even with butter or gravy?
-Thank you Nick for responding. *(*. Can't wait to see you perform again. *(*.
I'm digging the new layout of Google+ on the iPhone.
#BEATLA Giants about to crush Dodgers. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Help us make the show awesome, what type of features do you guys want?
i LOVE it.<3
when are your new posters coming out?? Can't waif to buy it!
Checking out Notably a new #iPad app. Looks great! please add export to #Dropbox and bullet list formatting.♥
They Are Called "Friendimes" Friends&Enemies
Where is everybody heading for the holidays?
Damn its been only a month feels like you been gone for years rest easy brian Ill always miss you ='(
Another fun data topic is utilizing unstructured data.
We'll be there watching for sure.
Heard The Movie Bully is Mandatory to Watch to be admitted into MPS Schools
Maybe you can help me interpret this report? Should we schedule a webex training for me? cc:
He reinjured his shoulder at the end of the game and his status is still unknown. Who else is on tour waiver wire?
when should I head back?
What a game!
that's writ I can't believe you have internet out there, wow, are you standing on a mountain with an antenna english prick
Not liking being sick... So not right!!
In the jungle for life and it's hot here.... I think I have a fever
81% of fed job announcements are under 5 pages (this is a huge improvement)
Going to the #Avengers tonight! For reals!
To be #delena or not to be #delena, that's the point. hahah
Im not with them im by tha mall i think they over shun house still
Sometimes in life, when things aren't just right.. Ya just gotta stick out ur tounge!!:)
“: If “plan A” didn’t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay Cool”.. WORD!!
": freshness fam!! the beginings!!" Can't forget
i have a couple hot songs i wanna submit
Wow they died from having sex for the first time married for 7 years whaaa!
Metric math. They'd do so much better by actually increasing fare enforcement on MAX.
I never use it. Maybe when it's integrated w/ FB it'll be more appealing, rather than being just ANOTHER place to share data.
You will stand for the rights of women... OK Obama. Holding you to that one.
According to new survey, gays, lesbians, transgendered and bisexuals in Anchorage experience widespread discrimination
Don't let him Christian, the giant spider will follow him down to your room.
hoping to see you and tomorrow for happy hour!
You're welcome, happy to get involved in #DCSM! MT : Hi Belated tks 4 sponsoring the recent DC Foursquare Day event
bermuda? Bahama? Come on pretty mama?
I can't even explain how much my back needs to be cracked. It would probably be life changing..
Drop it right now.
watched the first minute and last 11 seconds, wisconsin wins - awesome
Either thunderstorm or don't. This drizzling bullshit needs to stop.
Shopped, walked the dog, and had a cookout with my family. I'd call that a pretty great Saturday.
WHAT?! I am so jealous!
Cowboys use 1st 4 draft picks on defensive players
for now, that's correct.
Does anyone have any favorite books they would like to share?
why do you say that? you think numbers are higher?
Fame nationals!!
I bet the catering is much better at the royal wedding than it is in space.
wow she's buetiful! Enjoy her. Peace@
would be a better use of land, give more space for storage, manufacturing, housing...
was a pleasure meeting you last night
Just watched my boy, and burn the house down on DWTS tonight. 1 point away from a perfect score. Damn straight.
Shittttt this night would be perfect af if I had my girl next to me, eating junk food & watching movies (:
Your face looks good enough to eat.
if you are on OpenVPN and use the default UDP protocol, then yes you could see some speed gains by doing a switch now
thanks! And yeah sorry school just takes over 24/7 and then getting in those hours of practicing....it's exhausting lol
My shoulders are killing me from zinc plates prepping for printmaking and Voice production night. Yet I'm super excited for this semester!
So What Are You Doing, New Friend
they tried to do that at my last job (head of technical services= not so technical). Didn't fly.
Now that he has a picture on his page, follow .
The boys in my house are sick.....
It's not sexy for a King to call his Queen bananas....not sexy at all ;/
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD) Initiates Phase 3 TH-302 Combination Trial in Advanced Soft Tissue Sarcoma
don't you ever tweet anything
Dammit! I missed Nerd Prom. Anyone know when it will be re-aired? I wanna see POTUS stand-up!
I'm spending the day with Trav, just come over in the evening!
When I get older, I want to be like Louis. I want to still have an incredible sense of humor and to have fun, to be forever young inside.
Ohh I didn't know this was going to be a movie! Now I'm excited too.
This post came within perfect timing! Have an intense marketing group project I'm working on...etc. etc.
the silver door next to the Aveda Institute.
I am TweetChallenged trying to figure out how to follow the beauty expert Ms Sharon
definitely not, youtube is a thousand times better. we don't have to trust a user's reporting, we can watch it for ourselves
A secret level in the next Tom Clancy game takes place in the cloud
Thanks for the follow Kellie, have a good day training.
I need a breakfast buddy. A serious ride or die breakfast buddy.
Just saw a Vespa with a side car on broadway and 16th... Who knew a Vespa could handle a sidecar ;-)
I don't think these will be tough... just gotta do your homework ;-)
lol i swear i told that to kasean but ok I GOT YOU SHEESH
Wild Blond by Flat Tail is 5%.
Working hard on the new reveal. Site should be up soon!
Avengers with Pierre, Dom, & bogus Jake.
It is only April. Why I asked that (considering small sample size) beyond me.
Did you see the new Swagbucks challenge?
A #FF to our board (especially the first two): , , , ,
DT staying the same. He hopes Dake moves up to wrestle him. My bet it is Dake stays where he is at. Not enough O to battle DT
girl u bad u lookn lika bag of money ;-)
The Best Buy innovation ad is the best so far
How do i get more followers???
Congrats to Mariah, Ariel, and Alyssa! , , and I will be seeing you backstage on the 23rd!
my phone took a FALL but after ROOTing around i found it. this CLIMB to the top is back on... AT THE BEACH!!!
I visited it....and wasn't quite sucked in...
Oh by the way besides a #BostonBlackout there is traffic.
And float in that mother***er like a hovercraft And soak in that mother***er til I call you back Who says sh*t like that and doesn’t laugh
"I'm running to support the middle class" when even the wealthy consider themselves middle class.
hi im karlton
24 hours i think.
Running da sound.. XMuteX nice solo Andrew!!
#wordpress_jobs - Hiring rockstar WordPress developers. MUST be able to work out of our va. office. visit webdevelopmentgroup.com/jobs/
Come learn more about our universe with researchers from JINA at the North Liberty Branch on March 1st at 6:30pm.
I hate so many people at out school it's insane.
OH MY GOSH TURN TO YOU CAME OUT TODAY AND I STILL HAVEN'T HEARD IT SINCE I DON'T HAVE MY FONE :(
Wall balls and sits up ARAPs kicked my ass time for a shower and make some dinner
Facebook's friend suggestion list "People You May Know" is basically all the people on your shit list.
"Seek God in all things and we shall find God by our side." -St. Peter Claver
We can dance if we want make it feel alright ...
You know what man, people have been sucking hardcore at showing up - so go there and call Eric and have him get you in! Do it
Well I can forget sleep.
Our emotions tell us so much about who we are. What great information they can give us to live better lives.
Where are you from?
When this is all over, I pray it is more than worth it! Grant me favor in his sight Lord :-)
As a former #Dartmouth radio play-by-play announcer (who's now a priest) once said, "I've seen better pond hockey!"
I wonder what Im gna do for my b day...Hm....
Can't wait to go home from Kung fu 2nite to watch Degrassi!!! I Love Drew
just create it!! :-). What's another twitter handle for you anyway?
new painting comes to mind; my recorder is at home Cycles, Cirlcles, Continuity, Communinity
Somebody explain to me how exactly Philip Rivers is an "elite" quarterback in the NFL, or better yet, how Norv Turner still has a job???
Catherine Rampell article in the
yea ,his head is extra big! Lol
Well, I haven't seen much. Breathless, Vivre sa vie, Contempt, A Woman Is a Woman. Will watch Pierrot and Masculin soon-ish.
I hate my family.
I still have 200 pages left!! I haven't had any time to myself lately.
Thanks for the feedback! Glad you had a positive experience
Ok, now *that's* nasty. Better out than in though.
B-Ball shorts and my Bennie sounds good to me
Holding you, I hold everything
I hate bathing suit shopping because I'm too lazy to take my pants off #lazytweet 
Doing my best to stay a gentleman in this situation.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Do charity work for third-world countries
We got ourselves a tissue box of Righteous Ale. Haven't tried it yet, but you'll see it on Drinky when we do
California Moms - Have you checked out Jadabugs Boutique in LaQuinta? They have great baby and maternity items!
We couldn't agree with you more. We understand that it's a terrible inconvenience, but we are continuing to work on it.
noone wants to hear from an invalid. ha ha
1st mtg today of our summer market prep group, which got me to thinking about how to compress my own cv into a single page...
If only Anthony Davis could block Kimmel from ever being on TV again.
WTF? That's worse.!
You're very welcome! That's so nice of you. I hope a fan buys your ticket!
Yes, the spaces were snapped up. I'm checking to see if we're starting a wait list.
Today is a good day
Kudos to them on their smashing success!
Magic Monday SHOUTZ to
Did he do the look behind? Lol
Omg me too!
trying to decide how nervous to be about #irene--2nd hurricane close to VA since I moved here. Gustaw wasn't bad.
Temper your mind to keep from losing your temper!
Planning a summer #wedding? It's not too late to schedule your free consultation. Call us today!
I want to get away... I want to fly away yeah yeah yeah...
All of you! Behave!
"might"...BO lol
Of course! RT : If U want a new entertainment & sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
love ya!
yeah yal are dealing with injuries, but you still got rondo
Our next salsa class starts in two weeks on 3/13, don't be left out please RSVP at
Excited to now offer the service of eyelash extensions! If ur in Orlando florida & want them let me know! Awesome intro special price!
Hoping that one of my former classmates at my ten year reunion have had a limb amputated so I can try out my new "have you lost weight" joke
Went to church this morning in Brentwood, TN and found a dude who graduated from my same high school back in WI years before me. Crazy
RT : A2iA Releases New Versions of its Data Extraction and Automatic Document Classification Software to Meet Market Demands...
�Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
my foot fell asleep. lovely.
back to work tonight 12 hrs here I come
I want some Chinese food...
Theresa, please give me a call!
Thank you to all the great volunteers who came out this weekend to block walk, phone bank, prep signs and help us move forward!
- Come on in to Madison. We would love to see you.
Just knocked down this last final ^_^ unfortunately I'm not free yet...
Where are the pools at ?!
I never understand y teachers don't teach what's on the test. If it's not on the test I could careless
Dude bro, hashtag too much going on.
who would you like to see on aaron.tv ?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Just found out my flight to San Diego on Thursday departs at 5:55 a.m. HAHA
I heart Marshall Mathers and J.B.! There, I said it.....
I hope they ain't annoying when I get to ma moms
I am here
talk to me please
Having a mac at home & PC at work is confusing. PC mousepad ain't nearly as cool.
he's Eugene this weekend, no?
before you leave please tweet me happy birthday! please :'(
Chapter 2012 Page 92 of 366 One quarter down, 3 to go. Did I make the grade of fall short? Either way, I'm grinding fwd
Tired as hell!
I used to be the biggest Tebow hater, but I have to admit I'm a huge fan now.
no no I mean the ALA has been saying for decades that the older librarians are going to retire and therefore there will cont.
let's put a smile on someones face
I think I'm getting ready to have a mood swing
And Jered Weaver no-hits the Twins.
2 problems. 1, You have to sacrifice caffeine. 2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine.
Tell Jerry I said hi! I worked for him when I was 14 washing dishes!
Sometimes, if you can't get seen for the EPA, it's worth it to go to the ECC, #justsayin' - two auditions down, one more to go!
Same smoke still in Landmark RT : My clothes haven't been this smoky since I spent a night at the Landmark Lanes in 1997.
BOUT TO TAKE MY ASS TO BED IT 6 IN THE MORNING PEACE
Note: "Leap Pictures" at Capitol will be wx permitting, though not likely due to thunderstorms forecast. Means more drinks! ;-)
Thanks! Considering she is now royalty, I was expecting a little more as far as her dress went.
Taking Real Estate Class for renewal of Brokers lic. Also talked to person that has some great ideas for outsourcing..
is going to bring it 2/17 at The-War-Eagle-Supper-Club, be there
Yo balloon boy, Ima let you finish and all, but Anne Frank had the best attic hideout story of all time. OF ALL TIME!!
She say she heard i was a wild one...only one way 2 find out ;)
beta 9 released! More sound design tools added, and upgrading to latest compiler version...
I bet is enjoying all his replies about the FIR joining
Congrats! RT : Once Over is 3 years old today! Having fun on S. 1st.
GOD MORNING!!!!
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you would say it.
I'm a copywriter who's got a hankering for social media, a knack for creativity and wants to be on your team!
Woo hoo!! Back to business!! Hopefully I'll begin teaching classes at the local community college shortly. :D :D :D
WOW this weekend was not good for my health at all
- Welcome Rich! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#Facebook now has an option for publishing weightless goals and injuries on my timeline. I'll save you the suspense, I wear contacts...
We lost Lucille Ball 23 years ago today. We will always love lucy.
Looking forward to my first "sink shower" of the tour tonight in dc!
cause I saw two different dates and I've waited way too long for some new music!! Your #1 fan since I was 4 yrs. old!!
Happy Holidays, Merry Christmas and all that great stuff. No matter how u celebrate the Holidays I hope each and everyone of u enjoy them...
I thought one of my co-workers was pulling my leg about a mexican latte! They are definately worth gettin!
Thanks Tray :)
"bitter peepee greens?" The BEST description of arugula I have read in a while. Kudos.
I use exclusively and love it. It's much simpler and more elegant and private than Delicious.
howdy men
Rocking Pat Benatar in the office this morning - thanks !
smh boy i tell u and some true we hate the heat fans lol
why can't i see the #supermoon?!?!
Well I could pass a message along ;-) RT : . employs my childhood hero: Ms. Frizzle. No, really! Does she tweet?
yeah step your twitter game up
holy. moly. wow. :) I love #thevoice's #teamceelo with that win for the night.
Don't forget to live tweet while attending Our hashtag is
all these bitches be on a nigga dick
Awww <3 thanks so much, YOU'RE the best!!
Today, we eat doughnuts! Happy Valentine's Day from NexGenPR!
is pouring Galactic Double Daisy Cutter. #GDDC on draft.
just got off work
Over these sudden allergies.
“: El sabio no dice lo que sabe, y el necio no sabe lo que dice. Proverbio Chino ¡Buenos días!”
Purdue Paintball is playing in the National Championships in FL this weekend -thought you may be interested
Tired of false alarms? Tucson Alarm is too. Time to kick the special interest out of local goverments and have the cities fine the alarm co.
Oh shit, most awesome cover band ever: The Spazmatics. Imagine Revenge of the Nerds covering 80's songs.
i jus got apollo justice!
I love all the different pieces you #fashionistas are tweeting me! There's still a few more hours to go, who's playing #TrendsTues?! xox
30 minutes of extra time ! Munich and Madrid are my favorite teams. Now, I "feel" like supporting Munich. Go Schweinsteiger !
Yeah, precisely. Complete lack of social responsibility in defending a very flawed view of "science," and shown visually too
Don't miss your chance to see Olly perform on 12 August! Get your tickets quick! RT
Since most men I know can't afford my life style I spoil myself
The term weekend is lost on me....back to traffic reports for now...
yes. Today is the day !!!
This umpire got a Christian girl wantin to cuss.
why don't sharks eat clowns? because they taste too funny
1 more day till Friday
right here!
I livefor God not distractions there's a huge difference lol follow me ;)
OK PDG Software... I hope you are the answer to my new shopping cart prayers. Anybody else using this software?
RT : & Good morning! I hope you two have a great day. :) (thanks and Dito !!)
Aghhh my ex just texted me its so akward
A real company name?! "Yahoo’s board also named Terry Bird of the law firm Bird, Marella, Boxer, Wolpert, Nessim, Drooks and Licenberg..."
Must be a slow news week. Gotten about half a dozen "thank you" emails from candidate email lists for no real reason...
They better not make me get down to get the pizza.
MUAH! Love all of you TOO much
Catch CEO & with his tasty Mole on YNN-TV today! /bit.ly/ISkr8A
Maybe I’m just not enough of a moon connoisseur to appreciate it.
Join us tonight for a big #MMW event featuring & Friends at w/ , &
Tell me about it smh RT " Broads be frauds. . ."
I feel like poop.
Right on! Was curious 'cause I'm heading down in June after the Finals.
"you've the strength of the greeks. you are God's masterpiece" if you're not listening to king charles "love lust",
I LOVE haters
False alarms have a negative impact on your business. Update your security system, we have update options stating at $0 - 877-760-2143
WTF is happening in Madison, Wi? Fish Hatch + Park st, TONS of sirens. Anyone?
Bahaha with vanessa for a couple of days Strawberry*Rain
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 1
in the city proper?
RT for my mom on Mother's Day! She's 68 and loves dance music. That's blood
Ready to graduate and its only the first day of my last semester
oh so now you forget about me fine watever! Lol... hey
Thanks for sharing that, boss!
Who do you turn to when the only person in the world that can stop you from crying, is exactly the one making you cry?
I feel bad for anyone who gets my tweets sent to their phone. I tweet ALOT.
Imagine at mortgage closing with only a 550 credit score! What's the interest rate 9%? Nope It was only 4.75%. Wow
thanks miss!
saw at the bar i was at on sheffield before the baseball game today.
2. Packers not a top 5 defense right now.
Oh my gosh! I totally got that for my aunt last year!!!
happy birthday bro! maybe I'll run into you on the T again next time I'm in Boston haha
that is crazy, could have been the same game.
-- watching #The700Club . . . who have I become? Lol
