Geez. I've been living in Madison for a week now and already had some RW elitist call me a "plebe".
i can do wonders with one hand :)
Thank you to everyone who make last night's dinner gala a huge success!
well since they can't buy it, maybe you should have sent the memo to
wow! I never thought I would see the day that Josh Van Hine tweets...is a facebook page next?
gotta go study for a huge spanish test...I'm serriously going to fail, lmfao...
At first it kind of reminded me of Schoolyard Heroes.
Definitely check out the "For the Kids" art show up at Country Club 7561 Sunset BL. LA,CA 90046 & Mondrian while it's up for next 6 weeks!
Hahaha!!! U was live!! RT : Whewwww y'all last night was live
Everyone keeps tweeting
Hey guys do any of u wanna be part of a summer collab?
Dear thank you SO MUCH for the RT! I TOTALLY APPRECIATE it MUAH MUAH MUAH!!! Sorry, got a bit carried away there.
Thanks for the happy thoughts. I'm sure things will come up roses soon enough.
People say I'm a trouble maker..no I'm just a bitch who won't put up wit ur shit!
you must be bored as hell tonight!
Is it not obvious yet that Melancon does not belong on this roster?
#teamfollowback follow me y'all
Greatest day in Phoenix Coyotes history? Potential new owner to keep the team in PHX and the first ever Western Conference Finals berth.
Meatballs are one of my favorite food groups. :)
avoid at all costs. Invest in good well-run cos like $HUN. Most of my non-play money is in $LNG right now
Testosterone in males decreases 10% every 10 years
Birthday tweet PLEASE?? I've been wanting this all day! <3
hey... sorry i haven't tweeting lately, but i have been hanging with my buds... tweets more often... by the way, tell people to follow me.
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." [Bill Cosby]
Lunch at one of my fave restaurant Slow Club San Francisco
how is it looking now? lol
what's up bro how's everything going??
Spaghetti with meat sauce, fried capers, parsley and parmesan. Yum!
idk.. my mom... keeps telling me to go to bed. ugh
You have been hacked. Your account is sending out phishing direct messages.
hey long lost CU friend. I like your profile pic, are you still taking photos? Most of my memories of u involve an SLR :)
Pictures! Pictures. Send pictures of everything. I am stuck inside reviewing grants this weekend. Living vicariously!
Not looking foward to the drive today... #lax sucks...
sitting at home, I asked my mom. But she said last time I went to a shoot around and took it "easy," I broke my butt. So no :(
Had my first McRib in a few years yesterday, might be back this weekend for a few more.
I love you I love you I love you! So excited to see your face today!
We're thrilled ! SalesTouch recognized as a 2011 Top Product as builders focus on transformative value of technology Thanks!
REMINDER: James and Bellee will continue our discussion on early modern translation tomorrow at 11:45 in the Kemp Malone!
Foam rises to the top. Really? Well then I guess I'm feeling frothy today.
I keep getting calls from random states
haha such a random tweet
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. ~ J. Paul Getty
Friday! FridaY! FRIDAY! Who will be spending Friday, June 15th at the Cool Creek Concert Series to see Polkaboy?!?
Repair or Repipe - The 1st step is having an experienced plumber from Plumbing Plus assess your situation 858-486-4070
I use Aveeno for sensitive skin. Love it. Not greasy at all and doesn't make me break out.
Wrigleyville on opening day: the only place where being drunk at 5 pm is not only accepted, its the norm.
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a QB with the #2 pick?
Watching Billy Madison. The dodgeball scene reminded me of
DHoward is the key to everything in a not-exactly-desirable market/city. SVG, as much as I love him, is far more expendable. Easy decision.
Please follow me back ?:))
Will you all Follow ?
how's the jet lag?
and there is no lid made that is able to with stand animal hairs somehow they are able to sneak in
I legit was talking about you to my mother the other day.,Miss you too! And yup, I'm home!
Turn off the magnet????WTF?
did anybody call him short tonight?
I would be ecstatic to have to have an art critique today
I'm on to you, Swag. You can't fool me.
Hey INdianapolis Big Brother fans tune into the Final Right now on WISH-TV Channel 8 www.wishtv.com that got blacked out last night
happy Easter!! :)
Turning 16 in a few hours... Dont feel any different at all
Shower time! :D
You have my support because I understand policy is more important then empty words and catchy phrases and awards. Thanks!
#ImHappyWhen everything just seems to be going right
>>>..random..watching..SOMETHING LIKE A BUSINESS IS A HOT HILARIOUS MESS!...satire!!!
aww boo when can u come back
I think it'll be between him and that blonde chick. She sings? She's actually good. I cannot stand Maria!!!!
We've said we're done too many times but there's a stonger force, stronger than the both of us that won't let us grow appart.
~+.~~! SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
#Unions and #OWS unite to organize largest general strike in the #UK in almost 100 years. 2 Million people demanding economic justice.
star wars - hands down
Apologies to all my followers who don't care... Should be over soon, lol
In session on using instructional design techniques for library instruction. Thinking of :-)
thanks again for helping me out! it means a lot. 99% for my manager haha
that's awesome! Can't wait to have the article in Wednesday's paper!
Only I am in charge of my happiness. Making changes and moving on :)
Yikes! Duke down at the half, time to make it count...
It's almost lunch time already.. Wtf.
And join us Wednesday for the Underground Podcast #2. Benny Blades, Ricky Landell and the Backseat Boyz will all be in action!
do you think a cat would enjoy camping as much as a person?
RT : "#Jazz is the continual pulsation of the now." Pat Martino #music <- I don't know what this means but it sounds cool
no but really doe, it's really DL niggas in the city? u kno em personally or u just heard word of mouth...Milwaukee goonvalley
It's Friday night, and I just got an email from my sister titled "Dog Dates". That about sums up my life.
Ready to go to this party
how much it run u?...i'm get'n some made too...i'm tryna find the cheapest price tho...
HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK HOT PINK!!! <3
...o beardy you might be in luck! I will do a special bearded rain dance to the burger-construction-city inspectors just 4 you!
She has cancer, and she is really sick, they don know what's wrong with her, and they don't know if she will make it :'(
yo get the door!!!
wish it was only my iPad its my MAC
#Chicago is warmer then #SanDiego today! Who would have thought....love
Buy her friend a drink and not her at
#worstraplineever anything said by tyler the creater ugh i hate him
Thank you to everyone who worked hard to get the power back on and maintain public safety.
Noone asked u
Did you know that went there a few months ago? =}
Today is not my day, I can't spell right today and everything is a mess. I wanna rip someones head off too.
have the cubs convention tickets been mailed?
Missed one!!!!
I want chipotle too!
S/O to my friend👍
The trolls in the #spacex live feed are doing their job.
I bought #Someday just now. The lady told me @ justinbieber will love me now. (: ---P.Y.T--
yeah and I'm assuming they edited Charlie out of all those scenes
#sxswi #3ScreenMin built apps that allow for integration but they need to be better - we have good engagement
8 Saltines and cheddar.
Yeah, well people haven't run into YOU. You are a force of nature. You teaching again?
: On to bigger and excitinger! Mazel!
qr code for my company check out profile page
got a busy day tomorrow im excited kinda !
Wow wee! Something has gone terribly right! Halleluiah!
just figured out I can diagnos y she has a head ache
Highly recommended. Whether you are an introvert or an extrovert, it is always good to learn about yourself and others.
HELL YEAH ! They killed it tonight :)
Finally one hour to DC. About damn time.
The Masters' green jacket is cool and all, but I prefer the Happy Gilmore gold
We can't wait to start up! Think we can get a full team from Cherokee?
The trouble with retirement is that you never get a day off.'
and pretty good stuff! Supposed to be good for you too! Want to get Mikey to try it?!?! : D
or I couldn't vouch lol
#NCAA picks are READY. Routing for my #VCU boys.. #Kansas is taking it home in the end
TONIGHT!!! at Fitzgerald's toinght! with Electric Attitude.. Free Show... 9:45 stage time..
Welcome to our twitter page! Follow us for updates and promos on our store services! #Albuquerque, NM
My pleasure buddy :) Gotta spread the word!
#BREAKINGNEWS: special edition Kobe Bryant ps3 controller was released today. Gamers complained once they learned it only had a shoot button
I wonder how will spend her birthday.
Cant believe you wont be ahead of schedule #hardwork RT : At dr. Brody's getting a update.. Hopefully keep moving forward
and Daniela you haven't seen the last of them on New Country Star... We have some SOS excitement still to come!
If we played last week, I would have won, but I had a favorable number of games for my players. Seemed like a full roster every day.
Brasil vs. Argentina!!!!!!!!
why is this nigga babblin about fishing at night
If I had a dollar every time that happened...
THEY GONE DOUBT U TILL U MAKE IT HAPPEN DON'T GET MAD GO HARDER!!!
Those who live for love live well A. Weigh
One book has become two, thanks to an epic tangent, so they're both only about 1/4 done. XD Hopefully I'll have them done by Oct.
Understood. Sometimes, I just don't like how impersonal twitter feels. Like, how many one-liners can people come up with?
Shouts out to my new followers
Listening to club music keeps me awake.
was hoping to find out who the marketing contact is for your new location in East Village - San Diego, CA Thanks!!!
oh sush! ;P
Happy Internet Week! Our #IWNY / event tomorrow is now sold out. Look forward to seeing all our friends who rsvp'd!
Walk by faith, not by sight. It is an honor to walk with the Lord when you can't see the way. Let our remaining days produce good fruit.
yeah but I have the BEST woman in the world in the palm of my hand. ;) <3
is a great resource for anyone with app-happy babes and toddlers! When it comes to learning, every quality second counts!...
You can test for technical skills by request samples of past work, doing stimulations, exams, etc.
Huge migraine :( just wana curl up n a dark cold room n I'm stuck at work 2 plz hurry
Need some AAC users or specialists to test the beta of our new Android version. Any takers?
RT : "Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
#giants rolled this week. RT : Giants rout Washington Redskins 31-7
U are who u hang around. Your friends say ALOT about where u are headed in life. Are your friends helping or hurting your chances at success
Man twitter died for me.
Writing a poem
the shirt that your wearing in ur avi should definitely say Shenandoah Elementary School!
Who got a new job this week? For those of you that started a new job this week how did it go? Well we hope!
hey stephanie congrats
Wow! Haha and none of the boys told you?
yes ma'am I'll see you there! I'm not funny yet but at least I'll get up and represent the womenfolk. Beat the boys!
watching great movie mistakes, i never ever notice them
Topics being discussed at the roundtables during the first block include; 18th and 19th century journalism, faith-based journalism in Amer..
All Thanksgiving day, Just begging for attention, Lone red mailbox flag.
my blog on wordpress.com has crashed, hopefully they'll fix it soon
highjacked my ass 1am in the morning chillin ar wet willies dawm friends I tell u
Its hard to talk about paranormal experienses to a skeptic
Sesame Street has confirmed that the new species of feathered t-rexes are in fact ancestors of Big Bird
‘Abdu'l-Bahá is visiting the gravesite of Corinne True’s son Davis.
Studio Day #5: 2 more songs to go for drums. It's coming out amazing so far. We really hope you guys like it <3
"Shelving for the future vs. Screening for the future" LBMA video archive project panel.
Is the instagram acquisition based on firm foundation or castle in the sky theory?
At coffee connections - good discussion going on re: the state of the Milwaukee music scene.
that record would assist me
happy mothers day to all the great moms and to those in that special place,god loves you...
what cover should I perform next on youtube?
thanks! Search the apple app store for Couch to Half Marathon and Beautiful Body Bistro; happy friday!
science my man. Science.
working on it! Are you still failing to overcome every obstacle you've ever faced? I miss you!
we watchin the fight tonight! fall thru!
just get over it and admit FoxPro is the best!
I get the hint, Holiday Inn, I won't be stealing your sandpaper-y towels. I think they gave me brush burn!
"Human personality is the time-space image-shadow cast by the divine Creator personality. Shadows should be interpreted as true substance."
The sky looks so beautiful right now :)
RT Life is short,forgive quickly,kiss slowly,laugh loudly,and never ever regret anything that made you smile
big up fa da follow woty!
It was actually in DC, so you didn't miss it!
Dear Northampton, MA, I like you.
Life is like an onion. You peel off one layer at a time and sometimes you weep.
Still Up!
Hoppy Easter everybody! My mom is coming tomorrow so it's cleaning time, and then straightening up the craft room so it's usable again.
my ass must not be big enough...
Brain-crush engaged.
you got some smashes My dude.
CHEER ATHLETICS
You're lame. Get a life.
Well said JG. Me and my wife love your show as well. The greatwall and yeti when Evan spoke goat Chinese. Was the funniestever
its alright man #dad soon
Awwh-you made me blush! Happy 4th to u too!
I smell an Imperial Oak-aged India Rauch-Kolsch.
1 jets leader? Santonio active CAREER league leader in ridiculous 1st down celebrations...
Racked up shawty
Maybe you've gotten cooler? (as though that were possible, since you're about the coolest cat around)
The view of #superbowl preparations is a little clouded right now :-(
that's a great f'ing quote. I mean so deep but so on the spot
Good morning Twitter... Now goodnight again
Thanks for letting me know. I Will try to come. Nothing for me this week. Best, J
I think the apocalypse will be bearable as long as twitter stays up. Y'all are some funny fuckers.
I adore all the new people I've followed at your suggestion Holly! And I have nothing but big love & respect for you! Xoxo
We accept POs, as well as 21st Century and other grant money. Email for a quote
Also true “: or they can run lights for no reason”
All my faith is in GOD... Nothing else matters
someone hacked my account and that was not me sending those messages the last few days.
Still not a fan of the new gmail interface. Is anyone else having trouble reading it? I've got pretty good eyes (so I thought).
Happy first birthday to my youngest beautiful Granddaughter Floss, we will see you later at your party, my little munchkin.
I hope everyone is good this weekend. I am ready for a break.
Aghhhh I'm starving and I have no clue what to eat, lint is so hard sometimes
"Heights bygreat men reached&kept were not obtained by suddenflight but, while their companions slept they were toilingupward in the night."
Lol , No Just Cant Fight !
#BestOf on Foursquare? Yes, please! Get Seattle’s best tips AND follow the best food, shopping + more across the county!...
I DO, I WANT TO SEE YOU IN SOME HU$TLIN STEAKS BOOTY SHORTS. HOW DO WE MAKE THAT HAPPEN?
nice 2002 tracks
#CNN is really leaning on flashy technology and flat screens to fill airtime before real #Iowa #caucus results roll in.
McDonalds here I come.
I don't really know how I "do it"...I just keep plugging along making music & loving life! Thanks for the friendship/support!
“: I haven't been on Worldstar hiphop in a minute”
#Spokane City Council Prez Ben Stuckart is looking for a communications intern. Send ur resume & 3 writing samples to
Meet Google's secret weapon for fighting Apple and Microsoft - CNET
srry 4 slow reply we were closed for inventory. we have no coupons right now but will have going into the holidays
I look cute ;) headed to the stu see what homie talkin...then who knows
yeah sure<3 andd im getting bra too! bc my aunt gave me gift car for v.s!
oh :O ha thank you sloanie! I seriously had no idea lol
": Critical thinking isn't really that thoughtful if your heart isn't part of the conversation." Oh I love this!!!!!!
Brewster Kahle: We want a 10 mil ebook library (2 mil are already in public domain, 7 mil out of print, 1 mil in print)
And its the glow not the lights.
Exclusive: New information about alleged "ticket fixing" involving DA's office.
You're hardly the worst offender.
I'm having a mental breakdown rn.
After spending every waking minute with him, I need a break. I love him dearly but damn...
New Pay TV stats: • TV households are down (-0.5% for the 2012-2012 broadcast season to 114.1M, according to Nielsen); • Total traditional …
Sure! What questions do you have?
Hour 2 of the show is underway! 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy about anything & everything. Watch him do his show on
Allan on fb said: "Landed on my pizza, made it meateor" RT : We are wondering if any of you saw the meteor last night?
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps, time for football, Leggo Lions
Had a wonderful Valentine's dinner, prepared by a dear, sweet, kind, cute chef friend. V day didn't suck this year. At all.
Thanks for coming in yesterday! RT : RT : Today was made for patio brunch w/ and (@ Square Cafe)
Happy Birthday Mother Monster!
[The below lifted from the preface of Ronell's newest book, "Loser Sons: Politics and Authority].
Everyone's favorite Bill Raftery will be on The Zone with on at 4:30. Tune in.
Where's the shed tonight?
#LNYHBT I figured I'd find you here. How's things?
working hard, to only continue to work hard the rest of my life
Off to the airport. Quick day in Reno, then Los Angeles for #APA2012. See you there?
I feel you girl!
is there truly anything beyond my love of mirugai? Yours in sushi...
I'm sure she didn't mean anything negative by it... but geez!!!
beat after a long day.Now enjoyin some Hella Clips and a doobie!
correct, I misspoke, should have said cited.
= poetry expert!
I didn't know you can get suspended for deactivating your account
African-Americans For Obama 2012. Check it out at your Univ. and barbershop.
that is seriously sweet ride!
Today my therapist said "Congratulations!"
The BHO experiment has failed so why would anyone want 4 more years of failure???
really convicting sermon today; am i really just as much a dirtbag as Nebuchadnezzar? without Christ ...
haha sheesh 21 mayorships? that's awesome! the sweet tequila is a popular one! thanks for your patronage :)
RT “: 2nd ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL APRIL 14-APRIL 22! All event details online this week!
MT Rorys killing this 3 wood 300+ every hole. Nobody's in his swing class on tour, Tiger hitting 3 iron off tees with 5 prac swings
Found out today that I'm going to see a larger than expected gap between paychecks. May need to do dinner another day.
Thirsty Thursday's at The MotherLoaded Tavern with DJ Cyn! Come Party with Ryan and Cyn!!
"Invest in the human soul. Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough." - Mary McLeod Bethune
it was funny..he started crying and she goes "No..we're happy! I'm sorry." LOL..I'm cracking up.
Well she's gonna use internet explorer I don't know
Just had dinner for the 1st time with some friends at your place, excellent pizza!
I don't lol...cause everybody say Taylor
Nothing matters more than music ofcourse
its gorgeous out :)
let me know what you thought of the new jam.
Omg! Chicken pervert! Just eat it next time don't molest it first ;p
Official diagnosis: Knee sprained and traumatized. *snicker* I'd be traumatized too if I had to live with me. ...oh, wait.
Good morning NYC Metro!!
Over 2X as many people are in #bondage in the world today than were #taken from Africa during the entire 350yrs of the
Time to write an free my mind
When you get to your nothing that's where God likes to make it the more.
you stole the show duder.
I can't believe it is snowing
"When your manner is KIND, CLEAR & CREATIVE... You turn complaints into effective ways of being SELF-EXPRESSED, EMPOWERED & FREE." ~ S.M.W.
There is another tool. auntflow.
Non athletes <<
Everyone go wish 's cousin Happy Birthday !! it's her 17th bday.
#whatwouldyoudo if you were in the car and looked over and saw ?!
gah! I have to go to the real conference but we really should un...
i came to win to survive
The state of Arizona should put Coyotes goaltender Mike Smith on their border cuz nothin gets by him.
Is it true your going to be in Star Trek 2 ?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Remember on a day like the past day. Always love!
But I was doing it for another holiday
theres almost always opportunities to make cash on as well...especially in SF. Simply take photos of places & get paid
is coming to town!!! Woohoo!
I use to listen to this all the time. Lol
favorite radio station?? POWER 99 or Q 102??? does anyone listen to radio still anyways???
“One doesn’t have to play well, it’s enough to play better than your opponent.” Siegbert Tarrasch
can u take me to the gym wit u please
I beeeezz in the cut! Out the way.
I find them to be equally amazing.
haha thanks love!! That made me smile and I was cracking up... Nice hip thrusting ;) lol
there's no cohesiveness, no organization. Plus they're tired AF
Center Circle Chiro is now NETWORKED with LifeWise Oregon! www.3cpdx.com Get Healthy!
Blaring Dixie chicks on the way to Virginia!
Bas Panch,? Not even a contest... Straight slinging real estate. #3 ftw
“I did then, what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.” ~ Maya Angelou
r u gay?
Can you believe that Easter is only one week away? Are you doing anything special to prepare your hearts for the risen savior?
Stay pure, my friend.
No worries. We're all in a state of Joss-phoria.
#47 Bro, let Psalm 101:3 be your anthem! I will set nothing wicked before my eyes...
And great sleepover with and
-yu down here..
New Bleach tonight !
Don't forget to make sure ALL of you friends get out and vote today!
i see - lol
Silent Hill HD Collection!!!
that ugly I found a rat in my house, and up under my bed, not as I saw, is gray and ugly so ugly :(
Norwegian Chess Festival – great fun in beautiful Fagernes - Chessbase News
hey doll! How the heck are ya
I'm the secret inside that you're keepin
Education is an admirable thing, but nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
"Easy to dream a dream, though it’s harder to live it" <3 Wale ahh finally being recognized.. was so proud seein him perform wit maybach
The cicadas are coming
Lawn mower fixed, 24oz REDBULL down the hatch. Let's do this.
Had a great meeting with the printer. Expecting to see some amazing prints with lots of character.
Back 2 back concerts. Explosive is an understatement.Northeast loves you come back soon.
please tell me this is true?? Don't fuck with me...
I want some good fried chicken.
True knowledge never shuts the door on more knowledge, but zeal often does.
where are you? It's FIRE tonight!
Pull off in the Lambo screamin Asta la vista
America is powerful. It has a lot of guns. It can go into wars. Its cheap slave soldiers and guns by way of political contribution BG=ROME
Looking for recommendations on the best YouTube beginner #piano lessons series for kids. Any suggestions? Or sites that review them?
these things happen, look at us, we lost a good tight end with olsen.. you just have to move on and hope you got someone else
LOOOL. Thank You
right about now
thank you for the tweet!!!
funyunz taste really good in spaghetti sawce
"The woman who got you elected...so go be the man I voted for" YES OLIVIA
I hate you guys lol
crowder is a beast and the guard play is good, do you think #mu can win it all?
I hate my brother >.>
Hello hello!
And yes. RT SO, if Weeden plays QB like Haden, Sheard, Taylor, etc played their positions? It'll be a good pick.
Although right now she's currently taking every book she can reach off the nearby book shelf.
he copied it off another persons tweet u can see the : at the beginning
omg did you just get a shout out from FABIO OMG IM DYING
Reading Gilgamesh and it RULES.
RMFT! ": Why are all the baseball players at the other schools sexy and amazing ball players, while ours suck?"
Hey there Twitter, when G+ came out I sort of forgot about you. But I'm back, and I promise I won't leave you again.
happens every effin day,worst situation ever good luck friend! Haha
Everybody following go to face book and find Faytal The Franchise and become part of the beginning of something epic
Al Lover and the Haters Strange Blanket Tour 2012 Stats so far: Played 2 shows, two cities, Mike G has eaten 5 burritos so far.
WOW just got done listening to Amaryllis. Its amazing. Can't wait for HOB Chicago
Wait?! Someone is really suing to get into the #ACC quicker?! Haha only
RT : AA coupon code 1939admiral70aa works for all users in flight wifi - verified from 30k feet. (thanks for sharing)
with the two of you, somehow I have no doubt :)
your right, maybe I can make up to you in two weeks I'm goin to NYC
ive never in my life seen a kid have more fun with a basket than my little brother. #damonlee(:
it. was. amazing.
terrified/excited for my first ballet class in almost 5 years tomorrow morning. ballet dancers can be scary...
Cuntflaps. This word is amazing
At taco johns!!!
That shit cheers me up.
hey man, I spoke w/ Jen about it face to face. & It's agreed. It IS jacked up.
“: in NYC this Friday. Think she ready to meet #MaxinethePython?” damn the snake, is she ready for me :) lol
Just woke up bout to handle wats mines!
Ga. is Praying for safety for those in southern Indiana and Ky.
I've been working crazy hours at work so it finally caught up to me! Hope you have a good day and get some sleep later!
I lol'd.
I would kill for the grizzlies to have a SUPERSTAR.
what is one thing you want people to remember when they watch ure films?
lol you already know.
We can't watch it! It's blocked in America because of EMI content! Is there another site you could upload it too? or yousendit?
That awkward moment when your being sarcastic and someone believes you.
'Jake from State Farm' commercial where the hilarious wife says "she sounds hideous" is my current favorite.
I treid to hit your website but got nothing. Is it up yet? really want to see it.
Waiting for the guy that you've liked for over a year to come around...
I guess I am
I'm tryin to get in Bad Boys I lol i'm gonna be home all summer.... WHY NOT???
Nah what?
Anderson: mentions Digital Culture Books UMich, Chris Kelty's book Two Bits, MediaCommons, , Grand Text Auto, Gamer Theory
Yes ma'am RT : ": I wish I could repeat last summer in the Can. That was a good summer!" I second that! lol
i see dem ass cheeks c: your not the only one.
: on what grounds do you defend twitter? What did your students have to say?
We missed doing Idol Chat yesterday b/c of the snow. See you on Good Day next Thursday!
OSU gets a free kick. Ball served into the Texas box. Shot taken. Slams off crossbar over Gaul's head. Cleared by Texas. Score still 0-0.
thank you :3 REALLY??
You and me, we’re like loaves and fishes…we just might be a miracle. ;) hahaha
Who's dined downtown this week for $25 already? Red Kitchen & Bar and Ruth's Chris inside Hyatt are participating!
Hotel wifi has slowed to a crawl. I feel cut off AND i have work to do. Nothing I can do about it. Erg.
Haha, you're making me laugh!
I like Miguel Angel Jiminez, but Im gonna lose my mind if he gets to -6.
are you cold with them covers
...and have me hidden under your desk giving a BBBJ drenching your balls while a vibe egg brings me to climax.
This was Corey's night. A 2-run HR and a walk-off single. THAT's my boy!
I have some great job interviews lined up..I just have to nail them
I have a video audition to submit today after work, and I just got an email about another audition this Thursday. Busy busy!
Too much coffee. Going to bed now. Good Night
What?! Wow. Tbh sending those are typically the highlight of my day, despite chilling with friends. That legit makes me mad >:(.
So much laundry to do and only two days to do it. This house will be clean before the semester starts!
and have to much swagg for me to handle ;D---mara(:
now that I can totally understand!
Shirley Chisholm survived three assassination attempts during her campaign for President- InSpotter app
I cant drink until 7. Kiss it.
LOL I will try to not give into the temptation! RT Happy birthday ! Don't have a #scorpionbowl all to yourself.
": I feel like we watch more commercials than the actual episode."We do actually.lmao
Badass! What of?
You don't get choose how you're going to die,or when you can only decide how you're going to live
#Royals are looking like a single A Minor League team right now
Big fan of the book.
If only it were so simple.
“: 2nd day of working out and I gotta say I'm feeling good. :)))” #TeamFitness approved!
learn how to spell bitch lmfao fuck you!!!
Each of us are going some where.Just be sure you like the one you're going to that some place with. We truly never make that distance alone.
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
Looking for a #fasteasydinner ? Here's healthy #appleglazedturkey ready in less than 20 mins:
Are doggies allowed on your patio?
what you doing this Friday my nigg
I can be so irresponsible at times smh
what are you guys talking about? staff are not part of the #indyzoob panel.
Driving a full house to Pizza Hut. WOO!
do us proud!
is gonna shut up big mouth chael on saturday and i cant wait to see it
Put it on auto-lock
You was talking bout Trey Songz sexy self.
logically it does seem silly, though.
I thank you. The Hockey World thanks you.
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
I forgot how often Mulder watches porn in The X-Files.
I found it in my bedroom last week. ": The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9000 years old!"
sounds promising though...he is announcing full support, no? for
#Galtung is helping facilitating a Skype connection between Norwegian children and parents and families here in Philadelphia this fall.
Greinke debut today?
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
What's the Best Band You've Seen Live?
"Still Classic..." - Jon
love keeping up w/ everything happening. I'm w/ an arts district in OKC and am so I inspired by the creative progress there!
Ugh I have been waiting forever for coffee
Creating quality online courses using the Exemplary Course Rubric
I have a special place in my heart for Animal, Beaker, the Swedish Chef, and Sam the Eagle.
Same here. They grabbed the clip pens and have them hanging on ID lanyards. Watching some using highlighter now. :)
Got two new t-shirts and two cds, what year is this?
3 solutions to every problem: Accept it, Change it, Leave it. If you can`t accept it, change it. If you can`t change it, leave it.
I HATE when my job security is threatened. HATE it.
On the SPA this Friday evening!!!!! Drum roll! Lobster and Crab Mac and Cheese!
This producer's manual is 34 8.5x11 pages long, and NONE OF IT is in verse. Brutal. Damn LA Stage Alliance...all this prose is madness!
I feel like its 2010 all over again.
"None but ourselves can free our minds." ~ Bob Marley
RT : Every time I wear my troy tulowitski shirt always comes to mind.
Can't stand a hating ass nigga smh. Do you and there's no time to worry bout anotha...........
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart. Psalms 37:4
If you don`t like something change it....only you carry that power....
This thing blends in this industrial space like it's not even here.
Good morning Twitter Fam. Hope everyone had a great Mothers Day wknd and that you showed love to all the important mothers in your life!
#ICantStandWhen I build a bitch's confidence up to the point where they think they do it without me. lol
for real ur opening up a store?
Congrats to our hometown boyAnthony Hargrove on signing with Green Bay Packers! We wish you well dear friend!
oh! So you already know you are? Not taking your meds?
REAL SHYT lool RT I'm gonna unfollow everyone who can't spell..
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
I'm watching! It brings back memories of my shows.. miss it
Today is about #yoga :)
I swear, referees kill NBA games. And the commish allows it to happen. Only the bandwagon are gullible not to realize this...
and I think we both like Coldplay as well :) Have a good day!
did it
They aren't even famous!
There are so many exhibitors this year that are dog-friendly. Do you take your furry friend with you on outdoor adventures?
good call danny... fer really blew this one big time
i bet he was lol,Wish it was me 😉
New post: All Power America APG3006 1,050 Watt 2.4 HP OHV 4-Cycle Gas Powered Portable Camping Generator For Best Price
Today our thoughts are with Arian Adams, member of our sales family, and her husband Jason. Hoping for an easy surgery and speedy recovery!
haha! So true
love it!
lol 21 is going broke for all the shots you buy
The cantina tonight. you know the Drill.
like I can see your guns from across the gym.
Here comes the sun! Boy, talk about efficient energy! Did you know I have access to solar too with ?
My family's golden retriever we've had since I was 6 had a stroke tonight. Holding her in my arms & feeding water by hand. Crying.
Happy Birthday lady! Hope your day was awesome!!
well maybe some people can't swim! Ever think of that?? No, you didn't.
hahaha jobs PAY. Finding that out is part of the gift and the curse tho.
(April Fools)
off to lux to say goodbye and good luck to on her next phase of life in PA!
Nope...but maybe it should be! :-)
Just got in some AMAZING new DVF for Fall- vibrant colors- amazing silhouettes - check our the site in a little bit to see :)
Thanks for the nice comment. We'll look forward to welcoming you back soon!
You know, I'm just one woman that loves - these same time games are killing me! Running back'n'forth between TVs...whew #NBAPlayoffs!
I want some but with bacon!!
glad you like ! Thanks for sharing us with your followers.
I'm moving to house! Whole bottom level is mine!
I'ma go in on the Travion Martin stuff in a few , might loose a few followers but its all good
Can't find my iPod anywhere. Guess it's time for a new one.
'Teens who talk back have a bright future' nxt time ur teen spits in ur face and calls u a bitch, just think, what a spirited young person!
When can we see you on punkd?!?! I need to know now!
Let it Loose- Wale
would you send me your autograph?
#Davidoff: "If you see it, you own it." Doesn't matter if that is a jammed copier or a bad website.
Good! Y'all have fun. :)
my nigga got me on this
Two cups of coffee and now back to my marketing plan.
budget cuts?
Charlie Bartlett! I watched it yesterday, so good.
Praying for a safe rescue for balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol Rymer Davis
the guy told me that bc he felt that all women should bear children bc that's what we all are here for....to procreate :-/
Oh boy, here we go. New law going into effect preventing overnights at McPherson Square. Wonder how long that Pirate Flag stays up.
Mara Liasson on NPR earlier saying that this would be a good night for Romney. She's been drinking the kool-aid at Fox. Can't NPR do better?
Still going. My current distance is 1.87 miles. Current song is Mr. Jones - Counting Crows
Wish you could join us!
and would make a wonderful team. One says stay-at-home-moms don't work and the other calls you a racist.
ha! I imagine it will wreck me (in a good way). He and Gary Haugen from IJM give lawyers a good name :)
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger<3
Born ugly living beautiful
RT if you can't wait to get you permit :)
Had a super fun time at the Shine party tonight! I'm going to miss everyone so much!
Are you doing some Celebrity Charity Tour with Executive Global Travel???
On and on we keep going crowded lives, subway cars, on and on to the beat of our noisy hearts!
that stings
I believe 24 hours. I have it dvr'd at home, waiting for me. It can't wait!
Watching Next Friday
Congrats to all #bostonmarathon runners who beat the heat! Let us know if you heard the cowbells at the cheering sections.
When people think you're stuck up but in reality you aren't!! <<<
Thanks for connecting Damian. Really, I enjoyed it.
OH in bookstore: Little kid: "I don't like the human body anymore!" Wait ten years, slugger.
You can't put nothing past nobody.
Thanks to all the Spartans who came out to #vagoldcup - great time had by all! See you on the row in '13!!
People are on drugs if ya'll believe that was the BEST episode.
Yes, it does.
ok, no problem. Have them join in! Ask them what their dream destination for a road trip would be.
Music Flow
I made Rice krispy treats .... :)
heard the owner on 88Nine. Does not have a radio voice.
#1 recruiting class
so sad :( :( Poor Whitney :( May she rest in peace...:(
Dudes. Best waffle puns. Go!
Hey Cleveland, get a proper introduction to 7/22 at the ! This will be a FREE show + free GC pins!
let your FAITH be bigger than your FEARS.
Somebody talk to me, im stuck in traffic lookking at a guy picking his nose
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
yes another Triumph! what does your brother think?
Anyone know of an abandoned industrial or warehouse space around New York that I can use for a film shoot? Any tips would be appreciated!
absolutely! Just tell us where and when.
What does the 6 mean on American idol? Randy, Steven, and Ryan have it on
will do bro
Love having gossip/ranting sessions with my Mom.
good luck 2nite really missed U last season blessings 2 U & Ricki :)
Anyway gotta keep practicing. So long cyber world
The CR-Z has such a sleek, modern design...you'd never guess it's a hybrid!
If u ever seen what the dude did to his familys killer "law abiding citizen" u have an idea of how I would handle this zimmerman dude.
#Yankees make it interesting, A-Rod scores on sac fly 8-5
Worst thing ever!
We lost the worldwide trend. But we can still trend
Home repairs today. Honey to do list.
Whatever tool you rely on, you're bound to that tools metrics
“: Be in prayer for & family. Praising God for progress and asking for a foretaste of glorification.”
Playing Civilization IV...
Shout out to always putting in work.
I Feel So Alone. . .
what a day...so hungry but still have to get everything ready for the big sale.
I'm going out to get my hands on more of the stuff that makes the world go round!!!
Thank you so much! I'm working on two lists that work hand-in-hand: the novel 1700-1950 and the Victorians.
Aspire to inspire...
Awesome! Where about is there a good Happy Hour. Always good to know!
- Ouch! Definately a way to make your day not so easy.
Havent slept all night. probably gonna try and stay up all day. doubt it.
And so it begins.
so many blogs to catch up on! overwhelmed!.
Always seems like when you do yard-work or wash your car, it rains. :-)
I love J.Lo's orange top/dress on Idol tonight. I want/need it. #ohhowilovefashion #itmakestheworldabetterplace 😊👗
Im doing good man. Pacers won a good game in Miami and The Clippers are playing tough
Was it Matt Karoglian from CSF? Worked at the screen..buddies with Chelsea...he works there! btw - GREAT movie!
Big Knock Kid! Luuuuuuuuc!
thanks ;p
how do i apply for bl?
": I respect both brands as well but has its own page. #imjustsayin">>..well I just added the vault
we're in a state of emergency? nice.
"I can't even see the hundo"
Every multinational company should have to pay a basic minimum tax. American manufacturer? You should get a bigger tax cut.
anytime.. Considering we just started out own summer camp we are all about fun and learning in the summer!
I was on the phone last night for atleast 5 hrs.. he knows how to play his cards right ;)
I know it's getting way ahead, but leading 2-1 and home court moving forward, #Pacers fans will rightfully dream of the #NBAFinals tonight
it's what the dr said lol
haha nah in no twitter person
*smiles* Thank you! :)
just sat down
What's Up with Mr.
is this your first time reading it?
Free tours today! Remember first come first served! At 3pm and 4pm.
I wish on the would fix her posture.. She looks like the Notre Dame! Ugh....
Jeff Bezos Gets It
Were in Milwaukee tonight at Red Rock Saloon, 1227 N. Water Street! Come git yer country on its ST. PRACTICE DAY!!
Like I'm yelling at you to buy my soda, while you're at a effing carnival lmao
My "Summer State of Mind" video premiere and performances by me and others at the Hard Rock tomorrow for 'Kickin It'. You going to be there?
I hate falling for guys who don't go to the same school you do. You always end up getting heart broken..</3
says when you're gay you just walk around giving butt bumps to everybody
what street name will change to McCarthy lane ?
☔⚡ is OD this morning... Be careful 🚙🚗
A little on the chipper side for those sorts of headlines, don't you think?
lady love! congrats! :) miss your purty face xx
UFC 145 is coming up! Come watch it at the club for a one of a kind experience! See you Saturday April 21!
A lisp is an unintended production defect. Could be genetic. it's not a lisp if it's part of the sound system, as in Castillian
": "You know I'd walk a thousand miles,just to see you tomorrow......TONIGHT" name that movie lol"
Cant wait to be at margarita mixer with you all!! Cheers!
pickup flipped on loudon county pkwy. i pull over to help and lock my keys in the car. ambulance got them out. its nasty out.
productive day...despite being drugged up on cold meds
NO! i will NOT GIVE IN TO THE COLD!!!!! silly weather, being...weird...n stuff...
Im #TeamHeat ion care who win this game, but i gotta feeling #OKC gne put them out.
So tempted to run through the sprinklers at Pitt. But soggy not a good look for work
Before going on a interview, do your research. Review the website to learn about the company & the leadership.
scott just said yolo to our teacher...
let's try it out(;
NOW>>Playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time #Rock #Radio #music We F'in rock it out-
I know. If I could do it over I would write a rapid-fire panty-related monologue.
OK - That really was funny ;-)
just got back from fort stockton kinda tired:)
ha good try... at least I made it warmer.. wasn't it snowing last week?
if they ever give me invites i'll pass one your way
Grape drank shots at church
Send us your winter weather photos to !
Only 16 shots for the entire game (Devils 40). Aren't going to beat anybody with that kind of offense. Clemmy kept them in it.
What is wrong with the US that we can't get the African Cup of Nations Final on TV or internet even if we are willing to pay for it?
sorry, 69 cents...
God bless all the souls lost on this day! God bless the families and friends who lost loved ones! <3 9-11-01
check out my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City! We have couples meetups and more!
RT : Working on tomorrow's blog post for entrepreneurs and trying to fend off these characters in my head.
Making good progress on growing out this beard
Email me all details If intrested
thanks brotha. How are things with you?
Legrand | Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I will be back I promise its that I have this thing called homework that I usually dont do
Fake people<<<
New this week on The Communications Blog - Best Practices for Partnering with a Local Celebrity to Drive Audience Awareness: wp.me/pZXZB-4u
get it nigga that's how you should eat
everybody uses the term Hot!!!!! wen its not. If its hot ya fans go crazy and buy your record because they f#k with wat u doing.
Wow, #codemash sold out in 20 minutes! Glad I got in there in time!
Just checking out the Mac app store... pretty slick!
I dont have any control today, but our reporter made it clear just now that #opdx does not approve of the jerks.
Things will happen in ur life that u can't stop, but that's no reason 2shutout the world/There's a purpose 4 the good & 4 the bad-Crazy Pete
is fake twitter!! The real one is
Outdoor cafe today, bird sat on my table, in front of me--and stared me down. A few more birds joined him. Everyone laughed.
Judge using 900 pond gourilla law. Not following law, only what she feels is "fair". Allowing defendants to have full evidentiary hearing
yyeees!! Done w finals and there's just a memo standing between me and my break.
Trust no one -con-
l sort of write for myself, less blog, more of a retainer for thoughts and ideas and method of processing new information.
Just recorded with the Boss of the stix . Big Smo. I think all will be having a Good Ole Time.
Take a shot every time you say "atom ball"
this cannot be accurate.
You know who's a cunt? Rinaldo
Getting ready for tomorrow's rehearsal! Come check us out at the Roxy this Thursday night! All Ages / 9:45 pm Tickets $12
When all else fails, There's art school.
I'm sorta here
you guys make me so happy for you with all the clamor of success! I love it! Gives me hope as an up and coming actor. KUDOS!
Als, Blaine as Puck is not ok.
Me and Mario
I'm not going to school tomorrow, I don't care what my madre has to say
< Happy mothers day to all
Is anyone else about to revolt against gmail? Give me back my multiple sign-ins!
thank you!!
pretty sure i've seen the entire mean girls movie in the form of gifs
Snow Day!!!! HALF OFF HAIRCUTS UNTIL 2PM Call 256-3490, and get in the car!!! Drive careful!!
that was how I felt when I was out sick a couple weeks back. If you caught it from me I apologize profusely. I know how bad it is.
oh that sounds interesting
Nice! Will be there in mid-May for grandson's first birthday and to see him and his parents off to Japan for 3 years.
Reflective vest has been purchased. Gotta be safe at night
Yep! Tix will be available at the door.
Happy Monday! How do you plan to enjoy the beautiful weather this week?
Not going to lie and I speak the truth ... For a guy like me to succeed with you is impossible in todays world. shame on you
well ... i think i like twitter..!
soda sounds better lol I hate coffee
asjssjzoa geeze, I'm blushin' ovah here! Tell him I say thank you:)
Happy Pub day to
I'm really shocked that Microsoft is investing in the Nook. Wondering if this means I can list "MS employee" on my resumes.
well I'm trying to look good 💪 So I have to diet
I gotta piss so bad.
Thanks for following! <3
Why did the man pour veggies all over the world?.....because he wanted peas on earth.
Hi. I'm sick. *cough cough* Bye.
Do you have a Nathan Hale baseball score?
2 Fridays away boo;)
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
I'm getting alot of followers lol
Yawning is contagious. Even thinking about yawning is enough. After reading this, there is a 50% chance that you will yawn
I hope is coming to indiana sometime. Soon(:
how was new york and the survivor finale live???
Rise n' Grind - let the accent work continue!!!!!!! Cleaned out closet yesterday, packed about 45-50%.
“: “: a voshon lenard type. kyle korver. nothing expensive. make shots” AGREE 100%...the missing piece” Rudy F?
This dude makes me laugh
Yeah, she's great! The photo looks fantastic!
I need updates on SHINee...not EXO. I got plenty of EXO updates. Orz
The video loked great> Nice work!
Miller? Where's Brister?
I know. My friend's mother posts all these anti-Obama "news" stories and I just can't take it anymore!
Changed my room around and I feel SO much better, time for ice cream.
And, I'd listen to them, too!
It's almost Thanksgiving! What are the things you are most thankful for? Get set...share! =)
This Friday the 27th, come out to Stingers in Wixom for an unabashed bash!
Thank you & for the Metro Monday's RT's.
you know my life is unique & special in that circus kind of way : ) In about 3 weeks tho, it's gonna be a whole lot better!
this is like that south Carolina heat outside!
Chicago is a woman A fickled woman An amazingly beautiful fickled woman She's the mistress of all other cities They can't get enough of her
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOLLOW EM NOW!
awesome! what episode
Def cant be tru RT Guess we're the only 2 in #Austin with old junk cell phones that need 2 B recycled? Really?
I wanna see a BRAWL!
If you can make some videos and tweet me the link. I will post it on BF3Nation.com
Wild Boar Andouille!! Try some with Inglehoffer Stone Ground Mustard, or my Creamy Pepper Mustard
El Tepeac in East LA.
Is back in the states from spending 2 months in Venezuela. I'm now gearing up for the launch of Tune Up Philly next fall! Stay tuned!!!
ironic.. looks like thats what ur doing
: I am not
thank you! also how do u know if u meet him!?
Valentines day isn't all about love the people who don't have a valentine end up hating this day
So excited to see my main man...safe travels for those on the road today.
If they're not going to call Rielle Hunter to testify, I don't expect the #Edwards trial to get picked up for a second season.
Child Sexual Abuse Awareness starts with each of us through One With Courage campaign launched by CAC's across TN
Starbucks!! 3-5, it ends tomorrow I think! so I have to go today!! Haha
GOOD MORNING MY LOVES <3
thanks for blessing the track says got her one with that "Reckless" says u killed it 2
Ouch, Alonso is on a pace to score 18 runs this season.
Ha! Not me. I've been in seclusion for the past year. Nominate someone else.
I haven't but I plan on wearing them during SILYMI dates
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
haha love you but we'll see:)
The South Beach nightlife scene, known world-wide for its raging dance clubs and all-night-every-night party attitude, is home of SwingFest
I know the NBA is powerful, but the East Coast is tuned to this hockey game.
Attention Voters! Thinking of #Romney?JPMorgan is a recent example of Wall Street Gone Wild! #Romney's govt of no regulation just failed.
I have a pair of #Nero tickets for tonight at Jackie Gleason for $60. Contact me if interested.
Here at Tamiu got one more class to go. Whatchu doing later?
INTERViEW FiNGERS CROSSED
James Shyabout #ideaseconomy : innovation and food. Hiring for attitude, not skills, which can be taught. Marco P White = role model
Lol, give the people what they want!
That Econ test was rough
Im so sad. I have errands to run and mom isnt up for it. Weekends rock cuz i get to shop with mom...
We laid down 13 drum tracks last weekend.. The Fiend will begin recording his bass parts tomorrow evening.
Really liked hearing Marc Moran for holiday show slot today. Driveway moment, even.
We'll be finishing up in 30 min. Any other mobile ux topics you would like to cover? The floor is open.
I know..then im like oh well its probz true.x
morning all heading to class and then cant wait to watch raw i am finally home to watch it live.
Darren Sutton calling the game tomorrow? Yep, ill listen
Tonight's culinary adventure was a complete hit!! Sour cream bacon crockpot chicken, FTW! Thank you, Pinterest!!
Color me green! LOL
Band practice canceled due to horse race
Good Morning Fb...Woke up to see my car inside an igloo..lol..Cleveland, you gotta luv it!!! www.nevaoutdoneent.com
Men's soccer team ranked #17 by Soccer America. Come out and cheer them in Germantown on Friday as they face #11 UVA. Go 'Eers!
Hi guys! Would you mind following us on Twitter again? we'd love your support, and we'll follow back! :) - Jared, Project 143
why the early nite??
Anticipate something great my cd
“: Females killed Chivalry when they called it THIRST” hahaha
Melodies from heaven rain down on me
I'm feeling very eh. :/.
i know! nd u look cute :)
sure, but bear in mind that theories like that — are just like ones that say Obama is a secret muslim and was born in Kenya.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love! ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
I need a ride to Jackson on May 1st. Anyone is willing to give? :) (Gas is on me!)
Tweaking lecture, planing call (to faculty) to help student, need to wait till morning in KG to plan w colleague there
they say its a proven phenomenon
Its my birthday today retweet ? :D <3
I don't want to watch the last Friday Night Lights because I don't want it to end =(
Goodnight Jasmine<333 *:
Good morning everyone.
Old grandpa and grandson walking together makes me wanna cry
This may be the best #Cavs season ever. They're fun to watch. Less games than normal. And losses can be seen as improvement.
COACH - American Idol was spotted checking in for her US AIRWAYS Flight - COACH CLASS this afternoon
Get Ready for the M&A Boom
How do we continually lose to CC Sabathia? He's shaped like a bag of dirty laundry.
While you're enjoying a (hopefully) relaxing Friday, we're busy playing with daggers. Wait until you see this fight scene!
Why do they have braille on drive-thru ATM buttons??
#Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant: Built for $6 Billion but then NEVER used. Not even for a minute.
Re-reading *The Road* for my apocalypse class. Still harrowing.
i hate being 14 :(
I was laughing out loud at you two following the online shopping story. "same pair of pants? ClickclickClick!"
Stanton's had a fabulous time at the Michigan Music Educator Conference this past weekend. Great to see old friends and meet new ones.
Yeah...trying to avoid giving too many details away.
yes they did lol
Thanks for the rt. Hope you're having a great one!
hey hi>>its a fabulous song
Need her ta stay up with me til I make it to my destination
WHAT time is it in L.A.
RT : I know a lot of you guys' daily routine because of twitter
You live in Florida . . . correct? Such a question is better left unasked.
great! spread the word, well come help you clean out that unwanted junk, just taking up space, and remove it for free
Thanks for the +K. You gonna be able to come out Sunday night?
James up the middle for TD! U of O up 21-16 with 1:19 left in the half
can't sleep cleaning and thinking of this weekend. Hugh I need to start working out . running jogging whatever. burn some calories at least
youd like. /// sorry not interested. // thanks love! might be better for you to follow me elsewhere, miss u!
Just saying, if you add me on skype, don't do it for boobs becasue you won't get it :p
Just landed in CA. Time to go home!
You may disagree all you want but he has not hit over .250 since 2008...I never said I disliked his defense.
RT : ah ME SO THIRSTY... PEFECT DAY FOR: Peach tea, lemonade, and deep eddy's sweet tea vodka
TDR?? What are u currently..or before this, what were u using for shower gel/soap? I hope u don't use soap. Horrible stuff!
true. But games 2,3,4,5 could of been blow outs.As goalie given up Soft goals, what he did was unreal in all my years watching
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.
Omg I still can't change dis stupid thing ah... I'm so fustrated
Cannot wait to see you get out on the road with these tracks and perform them for us! <3
Congratulations to the New Mexico Lobos! You're going to represent Albuquerque, New Mexico well at the Dance!!
not sure I have been pronouncing Jorge Luis #borges correctly ever. . .
I now follow Shit got real.
Merry Christmas to all you Stratfordians! Oh, and Good Will to you Oxfordians, too!
NK AIrplay is now playing a loop dedicated to Whitney Houston. May she rest in peace.
thank you tons i appreciate it! i sure hope so! it's about time some stuff starting paying off,done lots!ha
lets go clark!!
Today, volunteers are meeting to begin plans for TEDxABQ 2012. 2 hrs in, 6 to go...
the outcomes of these playoff games are so strange...what's happening.
Visiting locally owned nursery tomorrow. My reward for a long but successful week.
thing is they have to have the email to pick it up. I'm with you. They'll definitely learn her email address if I don't send.
haha, I can't believe I'm seeing them, I thought I was never going to see them again 😂
We would love to have Baltimore customers.
good! Makes 2 of us!!!! Thank God!
its out a ways however worth it. It is at the foxboro stadium patriots place
- Go to Dante's Kitchen. You won't regret it and might run into cast of Treme too.
top town against the fence, towards pits... Wearing yellow shirt
very successful ! Extra tent pass to see our friends & tequila > Flowers & Chocolate!
Yeah, Casey has been amazing since day 1. My #sisterWife calls him "Her Lumberjack"
SOLD! 3 Bed/2 Bath house with a Pool, in Valley Glen, CA
im glad she told you cuz she didnt tell me! lol. we aint makin fried chicken though! the best is harolds on 72nd and western!
i wish miranda cosgrove and liz gillies follow me
Daily GTKY question: When do you feel best? In the morning, afternoon, or evening?
The great thing about working from home? I can take a wine break whenever I want. And that time is now!
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Romo. Stanky leg. Stanky arm. Stanky whatever. Do not forget Garret in all this.
Full weekend of diving. First nightdives of the season and seeing a rebreather diver for the first time #bada$$ can't wait
i think i would cry omg.
Are the Dead Pedestrians still around? #np 15 Beers Ago
well , what do you say? don't you want another location in the ? pretty please?
Learning patience and breathing life...
We love your product. Do you guys sponsor artists?
Just learned this.. "Create a Wi-Fi hotspot using #SYNC w/ #MyFordTouch & your phone" makes me want the '12 #FordFocus Hatchback even more!
Hey man! I saw you guys at warped!
Learning new slang by eavesdropping on middle schoolers on the 7 train in Queens
Still happy about the #Giants win over the Patriots yesterday.
we miss you! The whitney karaoke selection was disappointing
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day.
Happy #WineWednesday everyone!
Good Morning was your weekend?
the only way I got thru it in high school was cliff notes :(
watch #girlshbo. then call me so we can laugh together.
Ankle starting to hurt again smh. Shit hurts :-(
So psyched my brother is visiting for the night!! My dog is confused because we look alike. LOL!
how 'bout "Better Days", by The Dirges?
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." -- Martin Luther King Jr.
CALLING ALL THE OCCUPY DA HOOD MEMBERS EVERYWHERE TO SET UP A NATIONWIDE RALLY WEARING HOODIES 2 DEMAND ZIMMERMAN BE ARRESTED IMMEDIATELY
Hold it over your head whenever you have the answer to a question
Missed the whole game today daughters 20th birthday party it was worth missing the game for all the family
#genomesolver sarah elgin: for most gains, a GEP course is as effective as a summer research experience
Lands End in Port Townsend has one of the best views I have ever seen.
Living While Obama: College Commencement President Obama greets a graduate before making the commencement address at Barnard College on M
Billy Elliot in August!!!
um by being awesome and helpful and sexy and smart, I would imagine. Congrats!
I love you too baby:)
DC: I watched a U Tube clip of the green teams wife begging for us to vote for him. NOW that's what I call desperate. Who next? GRAY 2010.
I love do-it-yourself things that assume you are in need of brown sugar, but have molasses on hand. Seriously, does that happen?
I am close as well (:
This. RT : Suggestion for #tcamp12 presentations: Put speaker's name on the first slide, so we can credit quotes.
of course! :)
Material Girl - The Weeknd >>>> Best song (:
NAHH, NOPE RT : pizza hut is gross .
Someone's blaring the Halloween theme song next door. Or the Jason one. SOMETHING FROM AN OLD HORROR FILM, JESUS.
Here I am. Tweeting. Happy?
I just want you to call me "babe" again :/
Besides, a totally blacked out Google would've been hard to endure. Would probably cause riots. Wikipedia + Reddit was bad enough!
There's a little break in the panel discussion. Right now we're enjoying tunes by ! for booking visit ostrowskidjco.com!
Won my second quarter squares! Need the next two quarters to be this lucky!!!
Divorces at convenience stores? The best and worst countries to be a mom? I'll have the answers on #bizasiaamerica #cctvamerica 9pm EST.
Renting some high quality links from a broker can be a good thing. Sometimes.
They called a moving screen on KG. I am amazed
there's a lot of usuals lol who?
Well, with picture locked and film now with sound editor/re-recorder mixer, we're on the final road to be completed on time by Sep. 2nd.
now sitting outside with Luna (: ahh lovely night
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized. - Albert Einstein
I can't stand Tom Brady. Lmao
Espy? Where's your competitive spirit?
Happy anniversary guys!
Dribbler through the infield scores two......you serious
Me too bro RT : Watching heavyweight. I really wanted to go to fat camp when I was younger because of this movie
loves the feeling of just stepping out of the shower. So fresh and new new.
Join us at the Jacobs Center at 7pm for the launch of all three selections by and Alan Brennert!
Ain't nobdy like yur best friend an mine is music
Never fear pinners! Looks like copyright thing w/ pinterest ain't critical yet...that's the word from social media session
I log in with Linkedin, but I also tried Facebook.
Hey everyone, if you would please just go to www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes I REALLY need more views, please. New video tomorrow! Thank you.
join the conversation... it's only proper men participate in this conversation as well
Revision: 7 hours of writing = good work, tighter manuscript and a sore back from hunching over.
um off omw2da yard
probably many coaches that choose to coach their kids the correct way. Or, the antithesis, those that over recruit-0 ethics
#tnla12 Neutral question that gets the most response: "What can we do for you?" Doesn't make people admit they need help/are failing
Excited for the wedding tonight!!!! EEk!
I'm gonna try to sleep now. Probs won't be able to.
"I'm really not that pinterested"
I'll check with Nisha and let you know, thanks
So the City of Miami Beach will have checkpoints in place during Memorial Day Weekend to screen tags for arrest warrants. Hm....
thank you!
Pursuing ID for a young homeless man. Preparing documents for certified birth certificates for other homeless people. Best to All!
Goodnight! to rest bautiful dream austin please come to mexico mexican mahomis loves you
interesting! does that goes back to the documentation as contract and holding people accountable as a leader?
I just need an American Apparel in my life right about now
I forget to text people back a lot.. mainly because of Twitter.
I've seen tweets with girls saying "I want you to stay no matter how difficult I am"... Bitch, just stop being difficult and he'll stay.
No one is going to love you if you don't love yourself
Whatever, it was a good game
Went from about a 8 to a 0!!! #Notfeelingit yup.......
So far my grades are a B+ and an A+,oh yeah :)
lmao. for real! lmao! And some jeeps dont have real seat belts or side doors... Matter of fact! THATS the one I want! lol..
CURRENTLY TAKING SOME NEW IDEAS FOR PRISTINE EMPIRE CLOTHING DESINGS! DM ME WITH YOUR SUGGESTIONS
Prior to secession, East and West Virginia were not that different.
DO IT!“: JUST GOT SHE KNOWS BY ITS SO GOOD ! FAVORITE SONG YET !!! GO AND BUY IT PEOPLE !!! YOU WILL LOVE IT !”
Not me man *burp*
Now looking for .NET/Web Developers, for a contract position.
State Of Emergency declared in North Carolina ahead of Hurricane Irene
#ERCOT loads are 50% higher this morning than the last few mornings at same time. Meanwhile, multiple gen plants have outages. Bad combo.
Who remember that Bennie signal ft 112 dance with me brings back memories
Did you get my email?
Spent Friday afternoon tracking down a fugitive to Alpharetta, GA.
Mukilteo dance troupe a hit on MTV
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
So full:/
what?! You are fantastic. Lots of love doll.
Starting #tenzingtasting early at Smoke Daddy tonight with our suppliers. German Riesling & BBQ.
Anyways....... I need to go to the mall later
Congratulations - I am also working on my wind sprint running speeds.
Goodnightt! Bed time :)
yes sir! :) I'll have justin get it back to ya.
Grocery shopping. The Blueprint rocking my headphones. I want tomorrow to come so I can be in Bikram class.
she needed to come back down to earth
wish I could be there... happy birthday ! I have family and business obligations this afternoon. :)
": Avs getting NO help from other teams in playoff race. Flyers stink" flyers came back & won in a so...
McCain / Graham / Lieberman the three stooges of American Politics. Go home boys.
Still searching for a great e-book conversation company for a client. All personal recommendations welcome!
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor? A: Laughing stock.
tell them they can call you "Master"
When were people sharing this URL? Our free snapshot reports pull from approximately the last 7 days.
Im going to go ahead and go to sleep doh smh
Omg my tumblr playlist.
I cant wait. I am Annie in our local production in November! Cant Wait!
looks really good! have you been?
you like cut penis?
I dislike your business methods. So instead of righting your wrongs you ignore me and ignore our agreement?
Left my homework at school so now I'm looking at 1-way flights to LA
"A girl worth kissing is not easily kissed."
and even better, I'm streaming the #Red Wings and #Preds game because #Sirius doesn't seem to have it anywhere.
Did homeworkk now #Sleep #Sleep #Sleep! :)))
Happy birthday!
Your radio wasn't broken, we were. :-( WUWM experienced a failure of our audio routing system. Everything is up and running now.
For an independent study student: any literary texts with male-male rape? Plenty of films, but I can't think of any written works.
Sunbathing on sunny days with clouds in the sky can be dangerous.
Wow. Under 5 year old and a baby in a stroller to the 10:30 IMAX of Avengers. Right next to us. Really?
“: Listening to making it a perfect spring day.”
Pilates today kicked my arse!
. says: wrt indigenous materials held by libraries, prior precedent: renegotiating w/donors at dawn of microfilm era
I'm suprised the Tigers didn't make an attempt for A.Ramirez (3B)... I also just noticed that Dontrelle Willis signed with the Phillies. lol
#SICK food poisoning
IT FEELS SO GOOD TO BE HOME ~Devin.Anne<3
Gonna miss Florida
Ok Jacob Cooke's book on Coxe is great re 1st tariff debate pp 134-149. Why do I always forget how good that book is?
Good Morning. Ok, so you know some of your people got caught up by the Law last night. Call me 713-222-7577, and I'll walk them outta there!
RE: Democracy & our ability to vote, I agree. Unfortunately it comes w/ a package our officials will mismanage & abuse.
Going to bed. G'Night tv,night Xbox,night netflix,night computer night twitter,night facebook,night email, night spoyify,night youporn.com.
Very cool! Does the Haffenreffer have many manuscripts?
Live @ 8AM - Another wholesome episode of Portland Sucks - www.pdxsucks.com - listen for your chance to win $50 iTunes gift cards. Neato!
Nope! I just knew she lived in san antonio and knows austins friends. So I just made it up. I was a bitch then.
Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves, NOT an advisor and Wall Street.
- Thanks and have a great New Year!
Okay seriously bedtime. Goodnight
I still can't wrap my mind around how rich you two are
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x6
Wow! Impressive. I lost stuff like that about 15 moves ago.
yup, I have gotten it many times
Ladders, hoses, police ... But I neither see nor smell anything.
Awesome! Golden Rule, ya know. :)
different one now haha.
Going to need and a not so great video feed to follow the Edgewood College game tonight as the Horeb takes on Waunakee.
I'm starting to wonder if well ever have a permenent bus driver?
yeast and sugar free ....yeast overgrowth
buckle up... Saturday night is going to be HUGE at the Row. We have a TON of people coming up.
Looking forward to a great night you guys! Toys For Tots will be in the house, lets bring TOYS!!
your so hard to get noticed by ): I still love you thoughh <3
If you can't reach it leave it
whats good buck i was thinking about hot it will be to hear on a beat could you hook that up for us fans?
sounds deliciously Bomb
Do Work!!
#FavoriteNickiSong Here I Am Its Pink Friday Takeover Hahaha
which website?
That's AMAZING! :)
I hope the #Heat catch the #Knicks in the playoffs and somehow NY catches their stride and learns to play.
Never mind. I thought you were responding to something else.
haha I promise you that you will :) lol
is just too funny. Episode The Map is funny, sweet, compassionate & tribute to Frances Bay (Aunt Ginny). Great show.
we agree about role of Fed. NCLB is still causing serious damage, as is RTTT. we need real reform not corporate style reform.
One thing is for certain: there are PLENTY of beautiful women out there. If you're not a kind, good-hearted woman, then you ain't all that!
To get your life in Order you must do things in Order...
How does the designated hitter go 0 for 7?
By a show of LIKES, how many people are ready for the weekend?
The light heart lives long.
I'm halfway packed. Plenty of time before I get in a cab at 5am.
what are you doing? ha ha ..cra stream.
Gah! That's the only KB album missing on Spotify!
Trying to work through a hangover is exactly like repeatedly bashing my head against a brick wall.
Happy birthday to one of the realest niggas ever
