Today, I rang 3x our usual daily sales in 8 hours. Long story short, my boss kissed me.
ANGRY Dave!!!
I don't care how close was that play to the 2007 Eli to Tyree play. Gronk got to locate the ball
HEEY that's fine by me, when ?
#its2020 omg i thought that ment it was december 20th then i realised it wasnt the 20th, then i released there are only 12 months in a year.
Go ahead nay-sayers who say Rodgers isn't MVP due 2 system, he will keep on proving ya wrong
LOL Sorry about that :)
get a pimp number 12.
#Np Good ones gone....
Drinking a beer after class at 1:30 in the afternoon. Life ain't so bad.
The Edge of Heaven (2007) tracks 2 women caught in a tragic dance as one seeks meaning by helping a Turkish lover entangled with terrorists.
RT : Ready for a great meeting with this morning. is a great community partner in MKE
Happy Friday Joey!!
it is from my Jersey office, not from my Manhattan one.
Katy "Buzz Lightyear" Perry- "Is she preg?" -
I have to get up really early.. Class starts at 7 a.m
Taking a small liberty, We are going with Danny Stapleton and the "Blonde, James Blonde Ale"!!!!
Windwood: I see a lot of amazing things going on in the world. There is so much possibility
ITS GAMEDAY!!! takes on FGCU at 1230pm in ASun Tourney!! #fearthefin Let's Get It Ladies!! GO FINS!!!
#sabres are winning
In my own little zone good night cyber world...
Right then 6969th tweet is dedicated to cos she wanted it, cos she's a slag;) and *takethehintmax*;)
Swinging something naughty tonight. Heather Moran. Katerina's. 8:30pm.
There's a way to do a good green screen and there's a way to do a half assed crappy way. #Unforgettable death scene was just crappy.
Good morning!
who you talking about??
Drunk dad arrives late, screams at his son the entire soccer match, leaves early. Ugh!
come to Louisville! Home of
Missed my flight..
yes its over they are done they gave out all their tickets
found it thanks to Find a lot of quality articles that way.
Normally my brainstorms are just slight showers but THIS one was a hurricane. BRB. Gonna go buy a domain.
you're welcm bro
nun b n atl soon
Woah. Everyone, follows us. This is crazy, call me maybe?
found anything good yet?
Time to fuck!!
no we can't. Just send me a picture.
Welcome my friend as the new seattle mommy. See my post at seattlemommy.com
Listen, I don't think is feeling up to practicing today. I'm ready to go though.
Somebody needs to figure out how to deep fry a salad
In order for Donald to get a 30 I am thinking something with a Super Bowl Ring and an orifice on Lens body may have to be coupled.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #facebook and real friends
hey what you doing ? (:
I wanna take tomorrow and friday off but I'll be stuck doing make-ups for the rest of my life! #Exhaustedandburnedout I'm doing it anyway!
Let's go ! Time to step it up and take the last 2 games in this series against the Orioles!
First day of my last quarter with ! Enjoying my #CrisisCom class with and !
How is it that Windows admins are so fucking clueless how their systems work? My 4 year old can push buttons too.
Fantastic attitude. RT : "Getting it right rather than getting it first is really important to our brand."
ramming your car into a tree on purpose is pretty fun
Adam Hughes, Fall '12 #sagrad at Western Carolina Univ.
let's go see it and cry together
I go there every year. I'm planning a few trips later this month.
Jack and Arnie each won 6 times as part of a team
LMFAO my little brothers listening to rap and reading the lyrics off...hes so cute...sometimes.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your manager tries to be a wingman...and fails. Lol!
Anyone coming out to the Chester County Satellite Meeting tomorrow?
An answer for the extension of the tax credit should be here VERY soon!!
Liking the spring weather today, Just hope it will stick around this time!
i know
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks at 20% off for a limited time: Google "Thomson West" and buy through the sponsored link.
Aw man! I want my quilt!
that is really sad since she has to leave. why does she have to leave anyways?
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (iqi-vi)
Just pigged out at Roxy's Island Grill. Where did u pig out today?
how do you think our #bcfootball recruiting class will look next year? Its only going to get worse.
and twitter was a badd idea -__-
thank you for your support !
ok thanks
Agree with his view of the immaterial 'work' but dislike his casual dismissal of the materiality of literary texts
What's the shortcoming?
WILD crowd of book lovers for John & Hank Green. Thx !
Commission meeting is back in session
Seriously. Let's make that the new sx. But without the 20,000 people.
High surf advisory in So Cal.
Today was very tiring!
Off to the movies :-)
da fro is back again!
Recognition to a down sistah who lack all superficiality and is full of kind humbleness #FF !
whatever not even true, you don't even believe that yourself! I called you this morning about some business your phone was dead
#12 Victorious is my favorite show. (if you didnt already know that...)
Valentine's Day baking...love is in the air...and my hands are stained red...
Mother's day weekend has no sundays races! He He
and I hope life treats you kind..and I hope you get all that u dream of..wish u well..but above all this WE WISH U LOVE..IWALY!
oh how you go to see that video ? Lol
oh yes most definitely!!! It's a date!
Thanks to Tarpinian 151, Walnuts for Later and Ten96 for Saturday night's show at Beer Co!
I'm not immature...I just know how to have fun!
about damn time!
the best dude. Still eat it with my hands like the old days too
now all I wanna do it go home & take a nap
I've had beers with you, you're a little... well, different :)
um, AGREED!!! Holy crap...I love Ave Maria...can you please sing at my wedding?
It seems like pain&regret are your best friends.Because everything you do leads to them
Got an award from tonight at the Hawk Awards!
never really though i would like handguns this much but yeah. i do. they're legit.
Looks like we're throwing Matt Mantsch under the bus tonight. If you voted that way, come and pay five bucks to see it happen!
One full week of high school left. I can do this. .....maybe.
Or a good friend that's a girl
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
With the dumb and above crack n' slider.
Everyday, 200 million couples around the world have sex, which is about over 2000 couples at any given moment.
Thanks a lot!!
Working on my song "Breakable". Looking forward to my next recording session with Bonnie.
. Hm...although not sure I accept that definition of libraries, I nonetheless think Google Books provides both.
The d in derose could mean.. dead. Ya, just hear that on the news
Final performance of Coda @ 6.30 Sunday @ Complex/Flight stage on Santa Monica. See me dance ballet...ish!
And now that you're goin to bed, I still feel like theres so much to get off my chest.
etting rid of deion branch dont think hes good enough steve smith the one who plays for the eagles is on my team
Bitches be crazy!
Aren't rules just a suggestion?
yeah it's ridiculous!! I might get a job at HEB or something
To scale the coverage of Hurricane Irene it's now the size of Europe!
love the designers!!!
There is no greater beauty than a person doing what they love and chasing their dreams, their smile is contagious. Amazingly Awesome.
Cherokee Phoenix, great job on your email newsletter format!
“: ... #girlscouts100 posts [are] full of fascinating facts about the org & about young women!” -- Thank you!
only person im excited to hang out with tomorrow is youre my favorite :)
you should definitely touch base with - I feel like you have a lot to talk/collaborate about!
It&#39;s so easy to give others advice. How bout trying to walk a mile in my shoes?
Happy Birthday
This is why you never, I repeat never, stray from the Red Hot Chili Peppers roll. You clearly need supervision in FL!
Opps meant crowder.. Of course it's gonna be crowded :)
Thanks so much for the #ff mention!!!!!
I will always love you too (:
Is Tuesday a big day for NBA talks? Shouldn't they all be big days if you really want to get deal done?
Conquer yourself before you conquer others. 人に勝つより自分に勝て
but she knew what she was doing then said she was using her sons phone why you on his phone trynna see who tweeting
I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially. But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in.
Don't miss our Monday special - 1/2 off all bottles of wine! Call us & make a dinner reservation: 770-671-0100.
Would u consider releasing ur Twitter handle? We are part of a small startup called "Trovu". We'd REALLY like to use . Thx!
Is anyone following the move to call a constiutional convention--are we really just one state away from it happening?
Hey, it's #FollowFriday! Follow our crazy cast: , , , ,
All the crazy mixed up emotions she's going thru knowing that she's about to lose him but in the end she comes out stronger & even saves him
no ewwwww but I ain't forget about u I'm waitin for my brother to give me full details
i has mono:{
9 o'clock mix tape lets get it
Are yall ready lemme get the roar.
I have eaten everything in my house with these snow days..time for a trip to and maybe a long run at the gym.
what the heck theres tweets i didnt even tweet like trying to lose weight fast and crap
hahahaah, chill girl
When Dante wanted to call Jason re: rescuing Sam, & McBain said "He's not a cop--he doesn't belong," I may have yelled "Yeah!" at my TV.
im onto anothaa cause ya change like the weathaaa ☼
Tip from Focus on the Customer webinar: no marketer should be w/o Google keyword tool & analytics per
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, Dear Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
Last PiYo Wednesday, doodles!
Pot calling the kettle black.
I'm going to get better...no matter what!!!
hungry, hot & sober.
I love flirting and my partner hates it.
Michigan or Notre Dame?
oh i wish i was from america! :P
Who were you guys up against?
Word Lens and google translate = star trek universal communicator...now i they can put that tech in sunglasses
We're excited to welcome to the summer internship program!
I know! I rather just get a mule and burn myself!
Gonna be tweeting later today(: dude! My bro possibly has to get surgery
Emmanuel College wins the SSAC for the first time in school history. And, TJ Rosene is crowned SSAC Coach of the Year. Next: NAIA tourny.
Socially conscious artists are overlooked today
You're welcome! :)
Having a sound mind allows one to make sound decisions.
We love you, sweet thing.
My first goal as Sports Director here in Augusta, get one of my tweets read on the Braves TV broadcast
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep. Carney from asking questions "so that opponents can testify." Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
he's taking a dip from the Phil playbook
Best Shelby Lynne concert ever! Seeing her in Alabama is always extra-special.
Meetings today with SAG-AFTRA discussing contracts for the future possibility of 'Briefcase' becoming a feature film
Applied to get tickets to the 2013 Masters
If you use the word "swag" with me, I will rip off your dick and feed it to a group of geese
Just creeping on A BOSS!!!!:)
RT 96% of all fed life sciences jobs are in the MD Capital Region - Frederick, Montgomery and Prince George’s.
Hi, im good and you ?
or something.
Turtle neck shirts are hideous.
Hey are youi ok?
BEST START: Pink Eye vs. Allergies
?In every forest, on every farm, in every orchard on earth, it�s what�s under ground that creates what�s above ground
Richard Peck says I'm standing in the back of the room here bombing "the ruins of our language" via text and tweets. Bombs away.
Twitter account to promote textbook savings/coupons for college students and more.
Touch screen is my biggest enemy.
#inhabitation emphasizes "the material rhetoric of abandoned houses" -- a belief in "thingamajigisms" --
sounds good
Great day with Tim yesterday! Got almost all of my homework done! Proud of myself.
Thank you Elizabeth #Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
#What2ChainsWouldSay I'm ridin mario cart, 2chainz hot like a pop tart, I play the movie no pause got my sack SANTA CLAUSE!
Prying: 2day Father hear my cry & my call, hold my hand least I fall. take my hand Precious Lord and lead me on. I am out
The awkward moment when your friends mom is yelling at your friend while you're chilling there
huh? huh? oh!
Much appreciation for the reetweet:-)) Have a great Weekend!
All in all, great night for Mitt. I can't say the same for his underwhelming speech, but on to New Hampshire!
Just deleted about 10 contacts from my phone. Gotta get rid of dead weight
Not only does eating an Ice Bhang Bar help you feel healthy, but simply buying one contributes money toward breast cancer research.
would you like to be apart of our project could use your skills an experience
#ABestFriend or.. :D
thanks Aaron, will do! Have a nice night.
I'd give a try to this gmail backup
: You should be askin your self why am I not following the best in the twitter world, well here they are
While we dine on turkey this #Thanksgiving, our #Packers plan to feast on some Lion.*(*tastes like chicken.)
Galileo circulated his early discoveries about Saturn in anagrams, to establish precedence without revealing too much.
Wonderful. All the hip hop specialists are wearing paisley these days.
$ goes further & gives what is needed faster & for less! #cashisbest EX: $1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
hahah i noe rite it was epic hahah :D
yeah they are wonderful products :) if you want me to recommend you some DM me :D
Going to see #Springsteen in Charlotte next week. Just what the dr. ordered!
": Capping off lovely weekend by anchoring 11 news tonight w/ my pal,the one and only " Great duo! See you on TV!
you're the best and you're gettin screwed by haters!
one more follower till i reach 6OO :}
About to go and meet !!! woohoo!
I wonder why you are hurting people that love you???
come see me!!
": You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight"
Bored to the max
Justin is fucking flawless x: ~
Last final at 1
That is rather hilarious. I didn't know. I may have to demote Game of Thones on my Netflix queue for that.
Most people would say that being stuck in the house with the wind roaring outside is an avenue for creative expression. Thoughts?
Work then about get some new digs.
Have fun at prom ! Love you :)
Summer May 😍😘
Hot TA is hot.
Maybe the news anchors should be given a mandatory snow day.
Yikes mothers day is right round the conner
**Looking for a Controller for a great client of mine in the construction industry - paying between 60-70K plus great benefits. If interes…
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
WOO!!!! Thank ya Jesus!!!
Tumblr and co.nr are both currently down please check the new link on our profile to get to the official website remember love not hate
Who else hates wal mart
WOW. My Xbox Live subscription & Comcast just got me full access to HBOGo. All HBO shows (past and present) streaming for free via Xbox.
Listening to the wise words of big bill on the way to dinner
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Come check us out on Federal and 17th! We have bubble hash, new strains, and some of our favorites! No appt. Needed
Such thoughtful tweets for #learnedin2010. Heck, I was just gonna say I #learnedin2010 that I look good in skinny jeans! :o)
Could not happen to a better person!
Starting out early in this cold ass weather at the Dentist. Ugh!
Aerolyn is sick, love those dudes
BUCH wants Ernie Ball endorsement!! Lets help him get that!!
Don't be scared baby I won't drop you
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS! (Well Done). My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all.
Today crackin thou.
#grammylive Its amazing that two pieces of flesh in the throat, the vocal folds, are so important to these artists!
plz follow me
Lots of chocolate happening at Booth 313, Alexander Street Press, 4 pm on Thursday, if you're at ACRL, please come!
pleassee follow me!! you guys are awesome I LOVE YOU!!!! <3 and dont eat all the food in Australia x]
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 13
You can either take it as a way to motivate yourself or be happy with what you've got. ~ Jeremy Bonderman ~
Praise God. Take your time and be ready for me to talk trash during football season :)
how much for a feature?
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.-- George Bernard Shaw
-- See you in NY I will tell the front desk to tell you my room number
Thanks 4 the info!
&you hear what you want to hear. & they take what they want to take.
people these days are just so self-obsessed and insular with their... portable record players!
Comical watching Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega on shamelessly plug the latest #Nokia phone in response to qns about the
1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Wellness Website - 1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Website Includes: UNLIMITED WordPress...
Why do I always dream about the world ending? Way to start the day...Yuck
Finally done writing my final speech!! Hope I do good presenting it tomorrow.
U a wanksta and u need to stop frontin!!!
7 hours of opera in an 18-hour period. Patrick, you are a better man than I.
Easy for consultants to say. Then help stop the shootouts! RT : "Stop giving everything away."
“: Man I missed my nigga nick Fleischmann I love this kid to death. Same life goals etc. we are the same person”
39 seconds let's go!!
Dearborn Truck not in production today in honor of MLK Day holiday; Rouge Tours are still running.
So good to see you too. Thanks for stopping by!
Believe it or not.. I ordered the good health CD for $10 like 2 years ago! It was the son shine album with homemade cases
come study with Hillel! snacks and study rooms for everyone!
thanks back! :)
50 sit ups down! 50 more to go!.
The midget is the baby's daddy.
great advice. Won't be a victim anymore!
don't let Sean Penn hear you say that.
i like what Feherty said about ego coming into play on it though. and we'll see what they have in mind for tees for the weekend
With people investing a lot in home theaters, I think most people would pay more $$ to watch it at home without loud a** people
Every dude should wear a watch.
I can check out a microphone to you at least.
I think that best case scenario, Houston goes on with a draw v. Impact
How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same?
don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon
She might have been a fast machine, but it takes AC/DC a long time to finish an album.
phone lags.. yay
Alright...fine. We'll have wood burning furnace/sculptures designed by beer loving Clark Ashton. He'll be at WBC to toast to the festivities
Tonight at 10pm (DJ Niros) is gunna help work off all that turkey with beats you just can't stop dancing to! Join the party!
Finna make this calc exam my bitch
The future is big for HR Professionals! The economy will do better because we are out of options and have no choice but to succeed.
Am enjoying it so far, but am not that far along yet.
I got something for his ass tho...
I feel The same way about my fuzzy steelers blanket
says the shorts show Sat night by TC fountain is really cool w/ winner "Fant Flying Bks of Mr. Morr Less"
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose!!! <3
okay good!!! I thought you were still playing! Just making sure :) miss you and hope you get back in the game soon!!
Was on Howard. O&A, ran superbowls for Patriots etc.
Satellite radio-good idea, terrible execution.
The problem with libertarians is that they will never be elected to a powerful office.
im back bitches
Just got back from the drake concert CRAZY he brought out weezy to do the motto hole bay went crazy 👍
Every time I see a tweet, for a moment I think, I need a Dark Angel movie!
Instead of asking, "what's the ROI of social media", ask "What can I get in return"?
I would've liked to have it to, but we lost..now we have to adjust, and get back to what works.
We're set up at the front of Koffee Therapy till it gets warmer, then maybe migrating to back courtyard. Come on by!
Living in LA is like living in Candyland.
Get your brand noticed over and over with our great new #logo screen cleaner for #ipad, #ipod, #blackberry. Contact !
July 30th Revolution (A Beatles Tribute group) performs at The Foellinger Theater in Ft. Wayne, IN. Show time: 8pm.
RT : there's an amazing sense of relief that comes with accepting you can't control everything in life
So upset about this Peyton news.
#hokemm the thought is to make the helmet color closer to the color of the pants. DM for details
So fucking annoyed. No one talk to me
Congrats to on their grand opening today! Way to go guys! ^dr
I'm feeling her but I can't let her control me
Thats scary. Let me kno wht they say so I dnt worry lol.. How u feel better .. <3
what is up with all these families that are so damn attractive popping up out of nowhere dammit!!
you're welcome, glad to be of service...
jim carrey is #unreal as the grinch.
I'd like to be the tin can coating that makes opening less violent.
Film Factory Launches Saturday, November 7th, 2009 at 10:30 AM at Pittsburgh Filmmakers! For more info, go to www.steeltownfilmfactory.org!
I know your joking around- but it's really true
L o l
Please don't be in love with someone else..
How can an injury to your brain cause...injury? Wait a second.
Yeah! Well I'm going to keep requesting! :)
Im thinkin of a master plan :)
Barely got in to Kristina Halvorson's talk on Content Strategy. SRO. 2nd session added for the 130 people who couldn't get in.
i hope you fall into the ocean, and the current leaves you helpless, swimming around. as the waves crash over you until you drown.
36 players left. Just below average. Let's go !!!
I'm ready to play with books! Thank goodness it's almost my "weekend"!
BCAC has 6 interviews with children scheduled today - very busy start to the week, but very real sign of the times.
Tommorow Justin bieber is on Ellen. Everybody watch(: -brooke<3
A resounding Amen.
I need all the luck in the world! Luck be with me this time...
another collection effort i really don't want to go to court.
This is. Gonna be funny as balls
Seriously, there's no need to be so loud when talking on your cell phone, ass!
Man somebody call the IRS, too many lambos Yea I'm talking bottles and blunts, all you can handle
yes!! Him & his blowout lmao I'm excited!! I'll pick you up right after school on Friday ok :)
Dude!that's groovy!
Just realized my dress ain't EVEN mostly white.....oh well lol
Picking my sister up from high school #forever ago
I had to reupload milik mix!
Looks like I'mma just stay in again!! Yall party up tonite!!
"In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are." - Arnold H. Glasgow
did justin got the guiness award for holding his breath for a longtime?
but I wonder at the implications of throwing out all the dishes, pots, and pans whenever you love.
do I wear the same thing again? or whatever I want?
3 to 7 Saints. falcons on the 20 yard line...
Just saw Eddie Palmieri at Yoshis with El Negro, Giovanni, David Sanchez and more. If ur lucky a room can levitate. IT DID Latin Alchemy GO!
: For jobs & money for the #deficit & govt programs, please push online #poker legislation in the Senate. Thanks!
-- North Korean President Kim Jong Il has pardoned two U.S. journalists, state-run news agency KCNA said Tuesday.
you're so sweet! Thanks angie! Hope to see you soon!
Who cares about SOPA and Cispa when any site that tries to make money gets destroyed by a Google monopoly?
"...that they create good habits, that they understand you have to sacrifice for each other,
The Eastern Conference is shaping up nicely for the Miami #Heat. I cant see the Hawks,Bulls,76ers, Celtics or Pacers posing a problem.
Loving your twitter feed!!!!
#GazoPa - a similar image search service on the web by Hitachi. Search images on the web based on photos, drawings, images. www.gazopa.com
The quake's origin was det to be a cem just outside DC u know the 1 the Founding Fathers are in they all turned over in graves at same time.
Man I miss Jimmy now that I live in Chicago....made my Friday mornings living in Milwaukee.
shhh they're going to kick you out! you do have facial hair tho, no? i think that counts.
WHY?D;
playground sessions is changing my life. I'd love to work for a company like PGS. "I am aiming to inspire."
Where's everyone at ??
Reminder: Deadline to apply to the #OralHistory MA program is April 15!
When I say JUSTIN you say BIEBER! JUSTIN.....!
jenna hacked.
Team work make a dream work..loyalty
that'll probably be the first song done.. can't wait to start practing!!
dude we need to get a bro tat me u n d ungay
Our very own is playing a full set of her soulful songs at tonight at 7:30! Come on out and enjoy with us.
plucking eyebrows sucks balls ugh! specially when you grab skin instead of hair! >:o
Buck-up man, you only have to wait until Jan 8th while the rest of us have waited months and months.
MOA in a minute with my crew. :)
An interactive Resource Community for actors in the Los Angeles area. Post and read Ratings and Reviews on everything acting.
When i look back, i don't want to remember how badly we ended, i want to remember the good things, the reasons why i love you....
Already watched two great movies this week: 21 Jump Street & The Lorax. Hopefully I'll be adding The Hunger Games to that list this weekend!
These kids keep knocking on this door, its locked for a reason!
Overheard on set: Grip #1: "Vodka" was my nickname in prison. Grip #2: Mine was "Lemon Twist."
Only allowing #windowslivemoviemaker users to save files in .wmv format is the kind of idiocy driving me to buy a Mac.
when you get pulled over after having an amazing night :(
We could never learn to be brave & patient, if there were only joys in the world ~ Helen Keller
just had blue moon barbeque amazing(:
wish I was there!
thanks for the retweet ;-)
RT man. haven't eaten dinner. am i goin on a diet? i guess not. >;p
This #epic day is about to take place.
Im jealous that the seniors are at Cedarpoint!
You should take a little 5-minute break before hitting the books again. No internet, though, or you may not come back at all!
Happy Thanksgiving tweetie pies!!
Just had #lunch with my #daughter whom I #cherish the #time. She is all so #grown up!
I waited 8 long months, she finally set him free, I told him I couldn't lie he was the only one for me</3
Thank you for supporting Kempe and for being a superhero for abused kids!
Goodnight for real! :) God Bless everyone! Love you all!(:
This sunshine motivates me to get back into shape :))
#YouKnowYouveBeenInSchoolTooLong when you highlight in a book you're reading for pleasure
What untraditional wedding dress style would you go for?
Social media is like teen sex, everyone wants to do it, no one knows how-Linda Goldstein
ya it is and k bye
i would have taken you broski </3
I thank you for your steadfast support, Ian.
..So who else doesn't have power STILL? I'm only able to tolerate so many days without electric!
kayyyllllaaaaa im going to die tomorrow morning. Gahh 6am /: too early!
no problem! check out our music? :)
Cool thanks!!! I know most of them!!! We'll do our best to interview them!! :)
Is it just me or have the Minis gotten awfully big?
Assume you are tied up the whole time, but might be able to make it downtown after 4ish if you have any free time.
I just gave half the class gum what do I look like
its a hockey night in pgh!!!
Good to see Jason Hammel back on the mound...hopefully the Orioles actually score runs for him tonight...
superfluous comma, but not an Oxford comma. Oxford comma is the one before the conjunction in lists.
-choppin it up shit don't stop. I wil not Lose.
Happy Birthday Wait. Oh well - happy birthday!
I think my husband is in love with Siri. Guess he has a thing for informative types.
sailed, absorbed; living, questioning ongoing, forever!
Our radar's working overtime with so much great stuff going on right now....all very inspiring!
it was awhile ago I got those bieber cases, maybe they don't have them anymore.
Any juniors teams need a goal scorer let me know. Either NA or J. Looking at the open market, not signed yet.
Now folks sharing war stories about emotions and tech -- lots of frustration/wanting to throw stuff stories.
Lets GO CARDINALS!!!!!!!
The shoe designers these days need a foot in their ass.If 2pac went to foot locker these days he would think it was still 1996 lol.
RT : Upcoming ATA conference: The 52nd annual conference of the American Translators Association is fast......
RT : And don't forget that Brew Dr. kombucha's on tap in our juice bar! We've got White Rose and Spiced Apple Kava.
RT : It's your life. Live it fully. Quit giving a rat's ass about what other people are thinking about you and get on with...
What are you talking about? Are you talking about our* sexy cousin Sammy? LOL we're so weird
Made a chai banana milkshake after lunch. It was like liquid banana bread. So tasty!
My good friend has joined Twitter, after several years of hearing me brag about it: cc:
Glad I'm not the only 1 that noticed
Harry: two bananas for a pound! Zayn: two bananas for a eurrooo! Harry: three bananas for a euro!!! remember this?
only one left!
or crashed in a helicopter...
trippin out on a sunday afternoon
RT : RT : RT It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life ~K. Hathaway
just let them knw its important
Ah, Alex Trebek and your school marm style comments.
Today I Love me.
you guys are Crazy if we dont see on open fight night soon!!! TNA needs Jamin!
#onlyif you knew...
I miss my bitch <3 u
you forgot
there's a lot more this year. There's actually a decent amount of ppl tweeting too.
finishing up writing this song i started last night it just might be the best song i wrote so far
Broncos, GM Brian Xanders part ways (The Associated Press)
What’s an Exquisite Corpse? Come play the game with acclaimed writers 5/4
reasons I love you
so now mississippi can have a team to best up on. A&m was ranked 8th two weeks ago??? Come on man
RT ...being driven to hotel. Chatting to VdV & spot cyclist on autoroute ahead, dressed in full Europcar kit. Looks familiar.
LUCKeSHOPPER shop shop shop and shop some more with LUCKeSHOPPER you always win! Get rewarded for ALL your purchases!!! GET PAID TO SHOP!
Fun to hear POV from some of the agencies on AMC's "The Pitch." Good to know they thought it was a great experience.
I swear I thought I was going to fail stats bcuz my teacher lost my test but NOPE I'm passing! Hella happy right now
Oh hush. I only said it was nice for a person my size. In the real world I have no ass.
you're dead when I see you💀
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
Lots of folks want schools to be better...but they don't want them to be different
lol Its All Good
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill Online Episodes
Thanks ! It was a fun night!
"don't knock it till you've tried it" ~ doesn't apply for prison.
I'm guessing we'll get you around 3. And okay sounds good! Love you can't wait ah!
You're welcome to stay with us longer, we'd love to have you! :)
I don't get why anything I've ever done or said should shock people, but I guess I'm just not easily shocked.
Still time to drop in and craft a gift for Mother's Day! All day until 5 then Craft Swap 5-7!
Listening to some Sean Price.
done with this champagne campaign, time to get some work donee I gotta make money to stay off the streets
Apparently its tantrum wednesday, if my toddler has one more, I may just have one too. If you can't beat em join em, right?
Yup, looks like the Heat will take Game 1. David Stern claps and nods for approval.
At #DrDog with an extra pair of free tix. Who wants?
That is some FIERCE Duct tape, sir.
yours as well. Nd u top. Thank you.
So office people, if you thought that "staying up" for the Super Bowl was an excuse for not going to work, you thought wrong.
DST ends 2am Sunday. Don't forget to turn back clocks one hour. And change the batteries in your smoke detectors.
Stimes dehydration is mistaken for hunger but not this time ,, !! I should make an attempt to wash my grubby azz
Good Morning Logan! “: Good morning!”
Why on God's green Earth is Chuck Barkley dressed like a woman? Some things you can't unsee.
yes - it is Sunday only at 1286 Folsom. Original venue fell through. However there will likely be sponsored antics Sat.
Happy Hour!!!
Sol Hurok~ Get pleasure out of life...as much as you can. Nobody every died from pleasure.
WELCOME TO CRYSTAL LAKE! Living Each Day Like It Was Our Last SInce 1980.
Call me
thanks Michael! I appreciate that! Looking forward to reading your writing. gkb
choked up, grateful & glad. thanks,
Among invitees to the White House Correspondence dinner Sat: George Clooney, Reese Witherspoon, Diane Keaton, Viiola Davis, Daniel Day-Lewis
Finding the best usage of my time; anyone have any sources on how best to develop a work process when it comes to freelancing?
I want to start glitter-bombing everyone I see with a Tapout sticker on their car.
More water in general! Stretch and massage! Also turmeric and CoQ10 as a supplement.
bored, watching JB youtube videos. i have a life (:
I wonder what they are serving for dinner at the #goldenglobes ?
Am P Okla him John's
DT is that a S/O to ur fellow Blue Hen Joe Flacco???
yeah! It's so much fun! Kind of an open jam!
Texas, but in a couple of months I am moving to Gorgia!:|
Been listening to In Flames with the husband tonight!
Now you're reminding me that I need another excuse to go to and get some brisket. My hunt for ribs continues.
I hope u guys had a wonderful day today... I have! And I'm so tired so....... goodnight!
I try not to live up to expectation... I just do what I think I can do. ~Danica Patrick
Good Luck today.
take a picture first, then call
Shows Fri and Sat at The Crossroads went great! My good friend from hs is actually booking our band at The Crossroads! Small world!
Its way too nice out not to go for a run.
What a goal!
Im amazing not a groupie. I make shit happen yo! haha
awesome! You should! :)
ipads are bad for peoples souls
After a quick demo of some tools, currently brainstorming about ideas for #dpla hackathon. (a "more like this" option?)
That Zumba commercial is still seductive to me ....please don't judge me
na (; RT I'd be a bad ass black guy doe!”
The heart holds answers the brain refuses to see. ~ Kall
Believes that every great idea begins with "Hold my beer and watch this"
I reaaaaaalllllly wish I had an iPhone.
in Brooklyn!
beast for miami baby!
Heading to & ’s call-in event to answer questions from NYers seeking help w/ immigration & citizenship issues
We're live tweeting from Brands with Benefits: Hooking Up with Good Deals
WTF are you talking bout
I need to modify my friends...hahha
Just did a belly dancing workout...lol n man my abbs really tired
you might get a laugh out of this :)
"Coach Frank, he believes. He's like the Tebow of coaches." --
Had a great time at the Celebration of the Arts Program at the High School tonight. Son sang in choir & played in Chamber Orchestra.
I'M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!!! WE WILL NEVER FORGET!!! 09/11/2001
Ongoing: Rethink the things you think.
It gets deep nigga!
may be next week, LOL. What's up?
ready 2 get beat in soccer
I think it's patchy.
#26HOURS till #BOYFRIEND #26HOURS till my birthday!
#taxi #cab #sxsw #tip Electric Cabs look like golfcarts on steroids and we want to hook you up with a ride Downtown
good what about yourself ?
The sun is shining and it's a great day to salute the sun with a noon class. A great class that will add to your weekend enjoyment.
RT : I started running (at 37!!) to impress my husband! So glad I did >> awesome!
My roof is leaking too.
Megan Styles(: or Megan Payne(:
if you have some examples from your professional life to share illustrating the ease with and success it can bring
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.
Having the heaters on in my car...
this tweet is so provocative lol
Great Minds Think Alike RT : photo montage plays & features photos from this year’s campaign set to ‘Seasons of Love.’
It's not even similar to car.
Have questions about Peyton Manning's neck surgery. Ask Dr Won at Facebook.com/zerospinepain Or Facebook.com/SpineDrWon
"It's nights like these that just make me want to blow all my money on drugs."
- yes! I am very excited as it's my first mixer!
Flook, that is
Amanda Ashley coming up soon on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Met the legendary today at SXSW. He's incredibly charming and pleasant. Smart goes without saying.
Talk about a full day! Started with a great #smbmad and following up with the workplace diversity and leadership summit
alot of those pics on facebook...good thing i'm private
I'm pretty sure the dabbawallah system can't be improved upon.
You can't just say "And X was there too, but he doesn't do anything and he doesn't have any lines."
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :) IT WOULD BE AMAZING IF YOU GUYS DID :) imma have a Minnie heart attack if you followed XD
your on punishment this wknd....
#DontGiveUpOnYou there's so much for life to offer<3
Can't wait to get my daily laugh from mrs isacs.
friends come and go but karma is there forever.
Does anyone have hair clippers I can borrow? Need to cut the flow
off-menu cocktail.
I cant wait for The Crossing on Saturday night(:
It sounds like someone's vacuuming in here.
worst. night. ever.
Nissan launches new sedan for global sale
Werd up!! RT : Wouldn't mind hitting up tonight haven't been there in a minute
Tomorrow is last day of work & I will be off to the East Coast for 2 weeks! NYC, DC and Boston for all the good reasons! #Art&Revolt
Being the mature person I am. I thought I left this all bullshit behind in the past. But clearly "what's behind me is still in front of me"
It's going to be hard to fill Paul Plishka's shoes @
~!*Reach for the stars and if you don't grab 'em..at least you'll fall on top of the world*!~ Send ur requests now 2 !!!
Fri the 13th is a good day for spooky stories. About the old days when we hoarded, tried to one-up the neighbors and forgot the environment.
aye hoe ! i think nbdy wants to read yo crap! "blah im short"
which one I cant see it
Wear jeans everyday and nobody cares, wear the same shirt twice in a row and your suddenly homeless and poor in the eyes of everyone
“: People who work later at night tend to gain more weight.” do you think studio counts
#Bears D is on Shut Down mood for the one!!
both/and, Kellie, both/and...
pointed out that I forgot to mention that his teacher is the drummer of Don Juan y Los Blancos. HA!
Heart. Hustle. Grit. Grind. If we go at OKC with those four things, we cannot lose regardless of what the final score reads.
The N&O estimates 30,000 employers in NC have no Workers' compensation coverage. Have you checked with the NCIC to verify your coverage?
listened to that all day yesterday... felt like i was falling asleep inside of a dream inside of Urban Outfitters
looking for 330 more followers PLEASE FOLLOW ME XD
Thank you for the supoort that you give to the community and us all --Dr. Cynthia Harris--
We'll be doing that again! RT: “: Great Time with !! Glad you like the New one "The Whole Damn Thing"
Hi, Darwin. Nice to "meet" you. Sending you a virtual dog treat!
Gonna meet Larry Flynt for my birthday! Stoked!
Klout's on krack, yo. They now say I'm influential about being Jewish.
You filming something somewhere?
Morning Rockstars! > The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
I'm alive. Hard to find time to tweet amidst so much awesome.
just changed it
Good morning peeps !! What's for breakfasts ? I'm craving for a coffee in this foggy day !
some day I may upgrade my pc to enjoy games such as #Diablo3 , #Starcraft , etc but it won't be for awhile
Go Sox I'm tired, let's win!
M Ghostland Observatory.
it is a sad reality that I am shocked so few admit -- MLB is becoming culturally irrelevant. Boxing died. Baseball is next.
Good morning beautiful faces
Thanks for visiting us again! Hope you had fun!
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
should favor this just because I <3 him (:
I would but u didn't send me anything
No matter where I go, I always end up vintage clothes/accessories shopping. 👒
U won b4 you even showed up 2nite. From Becker 2 S.W.A.T. 2 Flypaper 2 The Help & Tons in between. U won my heart long ago
Thanks, Tarak. Hope you have a fun, relaxed day. :)
Steve Youngs suckage tonight really comes into perspective when I'm hoping he shuts up so Mel Kiper of all people can speak
biking is beautiful!!!!
I love Oscar too!!!!!
I never do any work in math!:b
Some of my best friends are fuckbuddies.
you are funny, just thought id let you know.
#ihatemondays because they are so far from friday...
Why, yes it is! :D In other news, bears do certain things in the woods! RT : Um - is it an election year?
RT : Good morning from Sedona; Good Morning from CT!
oh you think its a game. Want even brush my teeth with they water. Loll
Wow! The excitement around 3D 'rapid tech' here in Bmore is amazing! Huge interest in our 3D capabilities especially ShapeShot for 3D faces!
Just thought you should know...I'm thinking of all of you wonderful people today, thank you for being my friends and amazing customers
On the #4 bus headed home. Long day. Thank you drivers!
I consider myself an animal lover, but I will pound the shit out of a beaver!!
o yea tell issa to follow me back i tweeted him
S-curved career paths: plateaus and tapering off means it's time to learn something new.
Rocks Found At Trestles Beach Ignite In Woman's Pocket KGTV San Diego SAN ONOFRE,Calif How rocks collected from a southern Orange beach....
": I want a bed that has a tv that comes up when you press a button" don't we al!
Pretty good, actually. He actually worked on JLo's Fiat video, which was aired during the Super Bowl.
Well this is odd. PHX-NSH is on CNBC. So the longer NYR-WSH goes OT, the more of this I can watch b4 they switch to the channel I don't get
Exactly 1 week from today...we will be flying to Austin for yet another year as the official presentation provider for SXSW!
My Boy who I played ball with is a Pastor now....I just joined his church!
Home tip of the week: When unclogging double-sinks, block one drain with a towel or rag to prevent backsplash!
naked ppl <3 .
I'm not him, so can't answer for him but I'm pretty sure it was cuz of sampling rights
Don't forget to Check-in with #FifeFlowers on Facebook to recieve your #free #rose!
Homecoming tailgate on 3 hours sleep? Sign me up.
Haven't had the opportunity to try it. Thanks for the tip. RT : It's easy to do with Storify.
This shots getting boring..
I'm checking with the various platforms whether this would delay the next user getting the book
haha. This is why you do smoke. That text message, made my day.
Great to meet you. If you ever want to talk grade tools, hit me up. :)
whats your favorite song? :)
Waiting flew the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
I can't stand his stupid dunks
My mom said the guy I like is using me. Cuz he slept with me and hasn't texted me since..should i assume he's busy or just a man whore?
Thanks for the article. Good basic primer for people just getting into UX.
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Call now for details & save on all your skin care needs.
Tweet us a picture when you all get your doughnuts! We would love to see you enjoying your sweet treats!
Keep people in your life that truly love you, motivate you, encourage you, and inspire you.
Happy Wednesday! Hope you're having a great week so far!
long ways to go bro!!!
just starting her #2020workplace presentation & it is fantastic!! Cc
Just because I don't text you first or talk to you, don't mean I'm not thinking about you.
No school tomorrow!!!!!! :D
"When darkness veils the world, four Warriors of Light shall come."
When he no longer blames others for his failures & can forgive those who have hurt him w/o making others pay for their mistakes
I can hardly wait. This trip is going to he magical!!!
New episode of eastbound and down
All t-shirts on sale!
RT : Dear #SEIU members, it will be free transportation back to Chicago and LA, buses will wait by all major inters. in
I like it! I think I'm going to do Carmen Sandiego, which should be sufficient nerdy.
well change that please...:))) right on thick mama
Couldn't have said it better myself!!!!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
Bout to shoot this little video at I'd labs ...
Working at Cuatros tonight! Come say hi to your favorite waitress (;
Catalina Island on Saturday. She loved it.
Such an amazing day! <3 :)
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
The Artist, awesome concept, beautifully photographed but ... Best Picture..,????
RT : We are so excited for our #Mother's Day Tea party tomorrow in #Greenwich, CT. We hope to see you there!
i didn't think you'd be able to go, so i didnt ask (x
What does it actually mean to develop the patience of a saint? I think I'm close, but objective metrics would be useful.
i feel like i xan run like 10 miles right now!! im so up
If you have the skout app please fix your head.
This is my first visit to twitter so I'm just trying to find out what it is all about.
please play "So Many Girls" by
A lot smarter then your average bear.
I have blonde streaks but should I get the highlights or the red highlights in my hair retweet or text meh
You make me laugh
Omg how do I go to ustream so that I could see austines amizing face!!!!lol <3 seriously how do I??o_0
Now following follow back:)
sorry for your loss brit!! :( feel better
Love Alicia Keys'
Each man will be at a different school. I'll be at George Washington Elementary #33. DM your email for the mentor info.
Dear Lord, thank you for blessing me with my husband For he is more than I deserve & more than I could have ever dreamed of!
: youu a dumb ass.
New Post: Emma signs with Coast to Coast. www.stagemomma.wordpress.com
Raiders break up the pass on 4th & 8
why are you yelling
<3 RT : Happy new years to my big cuzzin
Cph waiting 4 the attica 40 yrs later presentation talk of jobs or lack thereof by presnters
I guess I don't exist after like 8 on weekends. Okay.
#VampireLife . We never sleep!
bumpin some usher
: I just hate violence in sports when it s not part of game.
RT : "relationships, not transactions."
I have 100 followers and now 102 tweets. Thank you , , for the follows!
There's another Chancellor's Game Day party coming up tomorrow, rain or shine. It'll probably be cold, so bring a blanket.
a big thank you to everyone who participated in the 47th Ward Cleanup on Saturday!
that's more than my Jax job paid...
Some of yall be making the same damn mistakes.
Lego's. Awesome time since its conducive to talking, creating, thinking, challenging and no tv.
Is it weird I like to stand in front of my mirror and make #awkward faces at myself?(:
tickets go on sale soon !
my hs homecomin friday no car n my sis wanna go to famu homecomin saturday. talkin bout do i REALLY wanna go to states -___-
omg your background....omg. i cant. <3 asdkjsadhashkashdahsd
If you only really want 3 hours of energy, what portion of a bottle of 5 hour energy should you consume?
Watching The Business of Being Born. My interest in having a midwife had been sparked.
duh , where at ?
Let it be
Hahahaha nice! I'm at a loss, I like em both!!
if im fake to u then its probably cause im real and your fake/iwilltake that proposal......so ure just another fake friend......peace out2..
#HarrysLaw was the only legal show still airing I liked... but I wont miss it
Thanks Mike!
RT: : Giving away #SevenSprings lift tickets to new members tonight! We'll be outside the #Pitt Union!
:( This makes me ANGRY!! Is that why no one has anything closer than section 4? Or what? That effin blows!
oh well that explains it lol I didn't know that, that's crazy tho...I spent a lot of time n Franklin co, my cuz from there
Wow, I just realized I moved 30 days ago. Time truly is an illusion.
DNS change complete... moving to faster wifi to finish up and then we will launch just a little bit later this afternoon!
" Hey I just added you to my Mafia Family " WTF ???!! I don't give a Fuck if you did OR not ;D
Shouldve Told Me Your Self You Son Of A Bitch.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 27
alright guurrl!(: can't wait!
If my mom loves me she's write me a check
Hope everyone has a productive day!
awesome! Reason to awesome to share on twitter. Will tell u tomorrow. But I think u might be my "jenine" .
My mother always told me if you cant say anything nice, dont say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them. Hmm
I miss you already!!!!! =/ But I'll see you again on Friday!!!! :D
aww thanks for the shout out! ;)
and Blazers, and Timbers, and... other things WE ALL LOVE!
Ha! Curious if your love of WWF has waned or if it's just me.
I forgot what snow was like--it's been ages! That's what living in coastal California does to people...
haha any chance of a second place prize?
Yes...I meant You & I. :) It invovles us & maybe the boys! :) x
And we pretty much amazing! “: Chiddy Bang!!!”
#FamousLies He Did It
Subaru Details BRZ Coupe Development In New Video - The Motor Report
- 60 Minutes has a profile/interview of Rahm Emanuel! So timely and original!
This is just crap that you can hear one in every 5 words
MJ - YOU ARE NOT ALONE
I think Rose is still my favorite Companion.
time to work on some remixes !
What cannot be measured cannot be managed .... Dr. Aspasia Camarga at Eye on Earth
Just taking pinholes
Dammit I hate this spell check on the iPod /:<
not every night but many nights!
I need to pray.
curious - are you two sisters??
A test and packing filled day. (null) My day via
Florida or Mexico it is. We'll have to avoid hurricanes, though. ;)
try the design and ya might stick with it- remember the reason you picked the name in the first place and it might b worthit
Boy boy boy. How ready i am to move out
Another day worshiping
im taking over your house tonight man.
This girl came in the library smelling like a pound..
Name 52 of them Ana. ;)
thanks collin. I am patiently waiting for my phone interview and surpressing the urge to cough. it's good times all around.
Tune into tonight from 9-11 for 's Fall Arts Festival w/ HMS Pinafore & a segment from Artown's Beth Macmillan.
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Get your head in the game...we're not GOING to Havasu, we're just writing a 200 page ppr about it! ;)
Ghonim at Harvard speaking on the Arab Spring: the Internet can mobilize and organize for change.
I got to think, drink and pray on this one! Kenny Lloyd AMC lol
Ironically, gerontologists do 2 things well. Extend life expectancy and then ignore social policy consequences.
Did you have a good time?! =)
The rest of the month...will be at New Gideon tomorrow and Antioch in Brusly next Sunday...and I want an ICEE today...lol
Ready for ?
My Finn may be yours! U have the same beautiful brown eyes & delightful freckles! You inspire me Jyl - all the time!
A torrent had carried us fromone sea to the other
Most of are blatant ripoffs. Apparently the most common design trend of 2011 was plagarism
Strengthen yourselves so that you will live here on earth doing what God wants, not evil things people want."
so next great idea is a chip inside their skin, correct? Because I can think of 10 ways kids will work around this. God...
As of rite now I really don't like my momma she starting to highly piss me off
My heart maybe breaking, my makeup is flaking, but my smile is still on.
OLD is BOLD, and BOLD is GOLD.
"If there were no such thing as eating, we would have to invent it to save man from despairing." ~Dr. Wilhelm Stekhel
Pacquiao vs. Mayweather: 10 Reasons Pretty Boy Is Scared to Fight Pac-Man
im going!!!
it's a pun :P KyleSTOCK -> get STOCKed ;)
- How many days is it now?
You're a good man.
going to the deli and it's closed. <<<<
Alex Pettyfer as Finnick? NO. Why does everyone think that guy could play everyone? *Dies*
"Said she'd be there forever, no matter what's the weather She'd always have my back even when we weren't together" I'll Be There.Mac Miller
Wow, I know of four people who are going to see The Avengers instead of Dark Shadows this weekend. I do want to see it. But, Avengers!
THANKS, Eric Cohen, WAER!"Can't thank you enough for sending your new holiday record. Jews & Christians alike will love it! Thrilled to add"
Going by what it says in the invite... is it wrong?
That was kind of a let down.
lol i didnt even notice that
Oh Jesus!! Maybe you boys should be getting paid. 50-0?
Iconic viyz #TypeICONicBoyzWithoutLooking LOL I Tried My Best. i Swear. i Didnt Cheat.
OMG POTATOES ARE THE BEST.
ha ... that was kindof my thoughts too ... !
Don't mind the browns picking Weeden actually. He is 3 years older than McCoy but he can come in right away and play. We can use him
Thanks to beatwriter for joining for the 1st time to preview #MarlinsvsMets series that begins tonight in NY.
DOES THIS MEAN WE CANT HANGOUT THERE?
His wife is a Mormon. Apparently his father-in-law is a big LDS Scholar.
Wow. That's hardly fair.
cum on man. King James aint gon let that happen
haha never hit but u my nigga the long way
People who abuse hashtags/pound signs >>>>> seriously, it's/you're fucking dumb
oh that's good that it is working properly now.
Everybody breaking up before Valentine's haa y'all cheap asses smh
A freeze warning? Are you kidding me. It's almost may.
I want Her!
I have 2 sons. I don't care who you are, you let something like that happen you're OUT. Criminal to stand by & let that happen
...just gave me a reason to stop caring and trying.....
An ear of corn contains 80% water.
do you have any idea what I can do with sourdough starter, tonight?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 33
Movie time
American pie eww
lol sure you are
At the "insights Into GE panel"-is business inherently social?
I need a fix but not a cookie fix.
#Replay #Milwaukee may be one of the worst bars ever.
With my buddy at his show miami improv!
ouch!! That isn't good!
me too!
"I enjoy a tired and emotional as much as anyone". classic #quote!
i don't know, but it can get truly annoying especially when I'm halfway through the song begore I make the connection.
": well DON'T YELL AT ME SOFT ASS NIGGA !! 😡😡😡" Tiny hush up.. You asked I told! Haha
This weekend was absolutely perfect. I am the luckiest girl.
well. tonight i guess i'll be missing american idol due to my mother. someone will have to fill me in later. -.-
I hate sitting next to this man when he eats.
- Hey David. You know gumby? aka Darren? Tell him Don from the old Bristol skate park days says WHADDDUP?!
We are doin the damn thang low key.....you'll see us public in a few
"This basketball matchup is for a younger team, wouldn't you say?'
lol shit just started coming to me, had to run with it!
this girl is officially OFF. THE. MARKET. (the job market, that is.)
Party all day, AM to PM.
I'm just exciting that after what seems like a decade of this fucker, the era is coming to a close. Thank god!
If you eat something and nobody sees you eat it, does it have any calories?
#MUSICNEWS Whitney Houston's daughter stars in reality TV series
AUSTYYYYYYY BABY IS MY NICKNAME FOR like it? ;)
someone is getting lucky :) have fun
they are ! and when i see cute ones im like awww(:
Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
There are two types of people: those who divide the world into halves and those who don't.
Aye, it is pretty awesome, but I'll be more impressed if that line holds together enough to bring it here at home!
Holy balls. They sound so....so....perfect.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook - When people hate on Justin Bieber. omfg.
MT SFGiants are wearing their jerseys in honor of
thanks sarah!!
Any woman who wears heels everyday is a friend of mine. 👍
I jus had a cookie w/ an oreo in it, great way 2 start the day
SKINS FEST wraps up summer youth film workshops.Thnx to IML at USC for camera, mic, boom and laptop. couldn't be done without your help
Still at OPACY this might never end
were your Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny millionaires?
lmao I swear I was shitfaced the whole weekend and yeah definitely just Hmu
$GWSC stands for Green Wind Solar its on the OTCBB
when r u going?
Thanks for the heads up. Looks like my 745 followers know I like Korean pop music.
hey everyone, make a difference in the life of a #poor #Romania #mother and help her provide for her family: www.sperantsa.com
The most provocative name in the industry...CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
do you have any modeling projects coming up soon?
putting the mortal kombat theme on external laptop speakers, then I'm gonna watch a bunch of videos of girls making out while I sit in a bar
The world can be a very big place, so be yourself don't get out of place.
congrats to for the 7.9 pitchfork review of his new album. Been listening to it for a while, so good.
To it feels so good outside. ❤👍
This is great news! RT : Board voted 5-0 to approve MOU with Youth Challenge Academy. Wayne bridges called it a win-win.
BC up 2-0 over #UMD in the Northeast Regional Hockey Finals--2 period
yeah lol she got mad cause i said i was a Kobe fan
What's going on twitterverse? Today has some interesting global trending topics huh?
my sister just had a baby boy, his name is Liam Thomas and he is perfect!
I love you so much. asdfghjkl. ♥
Impressed w/freshness & size of Iggle sub. But PLEASE just put marinara on touchscreen so every time isn't a special order! :-)
Join us Friday for '80s Night, as we celebrate like it's 1989!
Black Ops 2?! Omg freaking out. I became insanely addicted to Black Ops. I'm talking 23 hour gaming sessions w/ n00bz.
so texts work! Almost there!
Happy Valentines Day & to those in relationships who forgot what today was, your welcome...
Not bad! Better Us! We'd just be able to draw a stick figure with another stick in his hand and call it his broom : )
only a few days til you get it from
I don't know. But don't trunk-cook chicken in the crockpot. That'll make you sick.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that not a real friend.
okay thanks for telling me
myrtle beach today possible with the coolest white boy ever! lol
welcomes new Fellows today: Dr. Madge Dresser of the Univ. of the West of England and Steve Scott of George Mason Univ.
Glad the armband made it. Wear it proudly (sadly? madly?) Monday night!
Haha! I know, its my first week on twitter
Just got to the arena to prep for tonights Bucks/Bulls game, hopefully everyone here isn't from or for Chicago tonight!
There's something magical about laying in bed with your kids and listening to the rain. Uh...and tweeting, too. Heh.
Reaching out to mothers in need with care & compassion.
whatever(: im call you!
Rower Kate's amazing fashion makeover - Belfast Telegraph
Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend :)
do you like cauliflower, sweet potato, squash, pumpkin. What do you want to bring?
Played at least twenty games the last two days
Love the creativity of your photos.
At the movies watching twilight! Lol out of the moment!
lmao love our duets!
Mr Saxobeat where are you? I think I need you.
im having a bad day..it would really make me happy if you replied back or followed me! you are my vINSPIRATION
he hits you...lol...
First time? Trib never sent you to Chi-town?
lmfaoo I know! I found it!
SO yeah
why are we skipping meals!?!
Funny how things change
‘Criminal Minds’ boss: I begged Paget Brewster to stay. Plus, scoop on Emily’s ‘proper exit’
Anyone wanna see some screenshots of the video?
BREAKING NEWS---Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
Hi! Do I know you? You dont recognize me? No? It's me the girl you love!Ooh could you remove the make up because I love you for who you are.
I'm comin home today ;) hmu lets chill this week
Watch us on 7news with Colfax Community Network - they've got 40++ runners!
#March6The6th Love the single.... Can't wait 4 the Album and young Noah is great beats
I think he talks more sh&t when he's up against some of his rival reps. I wonder what he'd say against a dem.
Thanks for using ShowClix Caroline! Have a Happy Holidays and wonderful NYE!
U better be up makin my money .... LOL
Http://www.saintclairclothing.com
Three cheers for Website didn't charge me for checked bag, and they didn't let me pay in person when I tried. Woohoo!
Yooo, Sleepy ! Put God before everythinng & everyone !
R U coming to #NEHA2012AEC? What session R U excited about attending?
“: Cinco de Mayo Sale! All yarn 15% off! Intarsia class at 4 pm. See you @ the knitting nest!”
I always spell Venezuela wrong... 😣
First concert for me? Lollapallooza with Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Chili Peppers, ministry. Awesome
prima where are u working at now ??
Probably not me.
“: Taurus - gets what they want, when they want it. #RTIfs”
There's a lot of shit going on and now I'm getting the blame for someone who is hacking me and stalking me all over the place :(
Im so dumb
bout to walk in right now 15 min wait
Forget EMP and solar flares. Where is the book format that will survive the end of the universe? A topic for TOC2012?
I will my friend
Oh North Carolina.
they were saying you want to go to a big market team but doubt you'll turn down 80mil from the bucks bro.
Living in Chicago over a decade, just now discovering niftiness of Bourgeois Pig's tea selection
: It was a whole lot of work. I know that she wanted a party versus a traditional funeral,
Ok, camping for war on drugs. Andrew wk is here and doing some weird shit.
Inspired! Pitcher of Margaritas! Boom. #FeelingIt :-)
Hey everyone, this is the real Please welcome him to Twitter :) #Packers # LombardiLegend
The sounds of julian bashmore...and more wine... Feelin' very londony rt about meow!
Use your brain. Say no to religion!
& I was like "Foster!" & he was like "Im Jacob" & I was like "oh" & he was like "yeah" & then it was just awkward so I walked away
A good Boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you won't face them alone
Part of that didn't make since... but once you have your M-endorsement, we should rent motorcycles.
Green flag is underway in the Aaron's 499.
The Jeans Whisperer will be opening a new store location! Will keep you posted...
just laying in bed, hbu?
Hey tosh ... put down your girlfriends purse
doing my #TransformationalDeclarations while running this morning:) love it! "My biggest dreams are manifesting right now!"
Thanks Stanton!
you're the best<3
GM. I can completely see why Kobe would get so frustrated with the front office and Shaq. He feels like his effort is being wasted
Follow this epic band please :D
Hi - any word on whether there are weekday lunchtime rides?
Check out our website, www.ubakpsi.org
A Girl Gotta Spa - or a Girl Just Got Have Fun Cyndi Lauper- www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Yeah, we wanted to not have descrips/stories included, make people think about them, but want to make sure everyone "gets" them 2
I love you for you<3 forever and always(:
Haha I took a nap and I'm just more tired..
I wonder if Johnny Depp and Madonna grew up in the same part of England??
pull'n out the red & white bat bike... smoke clears... faces screwed...
Kicking off a new series this week. Looking at what the Bible says about satisfaction. Don't miss: centralonline.tv
you know I'm down
Nope, no chance. Someone call me afterwards.
Ga peaches welcome #gacollegereunion at #mansionelan this friday
last starring role! (I had to wiki that shit)
We are pretty sure that #SENIORWEEK at had something to do with it. Those #seniors rocked out last night!
John L. Smith reports in the RJ- DW Bistro to move Downtown to the old Andre's location on 6th and Andre Rochat. Time to change the St name!
Still under the weather. Managed to make it to my coaching session and NACWE event. Hoping I adjust to medicine soon.
Boy: Send me a picture. Girl: Of what? Well bitch since you gone give me a option you should already know what's coming next right?
Wow what a shot
S/O To All my New Followers Im Sure you All Have some Great things going on in You Career Welcome to #Teamambition U KIDDIN ME?
Hello how are you? can't wait to see you in miami! Follow me
Oh good another follower with zero tweets!! Why is she even wearing a dress? I'm sure the web address in her bio is legitimate!!
The European Union has ratified the use of the rosé wine labelling term, White Zinfandel, following lobbying by the WSTA and Diageo.
Hey! Any chance we could connect in regards to doing an interview for our business show on campus? Appreciate it! :)
I maybe a rye beer.
Exactly! Pepsi, not Coke. Target, not Walmart. Jesse Jackson, not Al Sharpton. Wait...
I enjoyed doing 21 confessions about me, turn ons and turn offs anything else direct message or tweet me
Insider tip: If you put song lyrics on Facebook and I even vaguely recognize them, I'm gonna give em a Like.
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 7
I love Brandy!
Solis Energy's Power HotSpots will be deployed around the track at the 12 Hours of Sebring race saturday
thanks for the follow. How are our friends doing?
Somewhere Kevin Plank is smiling as these Nike & Adidas guys are wearing Under Armour track jackets in their ESPN highlight videos
Animal prods cause more damage than [producing] construction minerals such as sand or cement, plastics or metals.
Heading to Waterloo to watch some USHL action. Fingers are crossed that I don't get caught in a white out.
u be saying some real shit in yo tweets
NO ONE WANTS YOUR FUCKEN EGG ROLL KATHY!
ACTIVITY! I finally got it!
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Good luck to both of them! Next Cane in...
Crazy people mann.
...the sweet smell of burning engine oil. I think it's time for a new car.
second half is underway in Boulder 20-10 CU
I used to love catching a glimpse of that bike! That's a good neighborhood.
you must be very proud to be the buffalo bills of the MLS. Doubt you were 1 of the 50 there at the stadium to see such flopping
Good Morning Tweetville :)
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 98
Yo son Steve Kerr is so a-non-ing right now STFU!!
Planning to visit mom later today - just like I do every Sunday.
u ain't wrong bout that...only if people like us came around more often, music a prolly b a better place
just leaving Honolulu and on the way to Hilo!
My train of thought is that the #Grizzlies should be leading this series!!!! But what do I know?
is hitting the nail on the head. Follow him for a great leader in this space.
Mother's Day Weekend is still on track to be the warmest yet of 2012. Low 80s today, upper 80s Sunday, and 90 on Monday!
Automatic/timed syncing of Google Spreadsheet to Google Fusion Table achieved...
It's in the county, but only a very small percentage. Not even close to the whole county this time.
You see alexis, I was telling you no, I will not shut diagonal. Stupid!
Make the world a better place, be fair, be virtuous.
you can cook for me any day!
So church today AND tomorrow! This poor musical theatre student thanks you! See you there
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
"start doing things that aren't in the long term interest of the country..." like, say, contempt of Parliament?
Thanks for the follow, Monty Congratulations and all the best with your new book!
I'd say, "tie up all your loose ends," b/c it's satisfying, but that's the thing I'm trying to avoid. Wanna switch?
I can hear listening to Rihanna over there
My idol jokes on her own bra size.......... like a boss.
I think I might have just managed to save my job for a little while longer.
hey go check your facebook messages asap...i'll b at work till 4:30 so hurry
What term(s) do you like | prefer: eScience, xInformatics, Data-Intensive Science, cyber-infrastructure? Why?
Yes. RT : I keep saying this. Even if you only type, write, smudge or think of one word today, then that's better than none.
and now becomes friends with please
Open mic question: how is your technology relevant to bridging the digital divide?
Hope all of our #finalfour friends are enjoying our beautiful #nola weather this weekend.
UK is in the Final Four for second straight year. No going on Broadway celebrating because we expect to be there.
