Apparently living together means sitting six feet away from each other at our computer desks...
The Manhattannhenge is pretty cool! Didn't know that.
so im going all out as ariel, haylee is aurora, jessica is rapunzal and I think Briscoe is gonna be Belle!
Sad but True
I just got your DM bro. Thanks. I'll hit you back today. You're a Nole so you know that ACC & SEC merch does crazy biz here in FL
that's my point how u gay and don't know what to do wit em? Lmao
Grading is exhausting but gratifying this time around - students of The Internet is Another Country showing some great stuff
Also, how come when we regularly tweet, we lose followers, but when we go incommunicado for 3 months we gain 85?
If it falls brand new stove on me. Walla
Enjoying these hash tags: #mifflin #cincodemifflin Ah, the memories.
Thanks for your support!!!
Sometimes in my dreams I get bored and go to sleep.
what I don't understand is what's happening with Cameron and the horse thing.
Two Door Cinema Club.
I had canceled my att contract back in July. Hate att AND iphones. Need a real phone to work. Bberries are real phones.
This Friday 6/24 9pm at The Wine Cellar in
I havent gone tanning in like 2 weeks. Its a record.
😱 get out of town haha I was waiting until you couldn't get one.
Teeheeee, we're both dancers :)
join me on branchout
Just listening to music on my iPod and on here just smiling at my Nick BG. :D
Why did the twins make that script about Elease sucking dick? They know they suck dick too lmao
Thank God! I passed my Master's defense! :)
Let's go #Knicks !!!
You just got yo cherry popped ^_^
seriously their just garbage, city's gonna be running all night cuz of them and well be covering till 8am
Wish I had a friend to complain about people to.
Off to school but all I want to do is listen to 1D
#RT if you lost anyone to bullying.
Loving the Will Ferrill tribute on PBS
Apparently Easter is a big deal back east. Kids get freaking days off school for it. Huh?
Beckett? 500K per START, canNOT start so plays GOLF? WT? "No incentive" is RIGHT #PlanetMikey #TheBigShow #M&M #D&C (&M)
WOW Snookie is Prego...I see a Maury you are NOT the father episode in about a year..
I refuse to pay more than $250 for a concert ticket..
sad, sad, news
New Biz: blogs and social media hasn't worked. We are focusing on more face time. (Hale Chan - Willamette)
My thoughts exactly DDK As the stories unfold I find the incredible loss of life and devastation so saddening.
Technology is a wonderful thing!
umm, comments are for the comments section I believe, but let me check. HAH!
Looking forward to my 1K-mile flight down for #FLACON2012!
Upper body = SO sore. Rock climbing, you win. This time.
hahah fair enough some people think I'm 30 ad I'm nowhere near it so I feel ya
but god damn, these are your last shows. People paid a lot of money, came from all over the world...have some fun, sheesh.
Ppl nutty over this Time cover: Its none of ur business if women want 2 breastfeed their kids forever. Its her husband's business. Not yours
Oh, Who doesn't love Boone Alexander!?!?! Maybe he needs to visit in the studio!
I'm so early to school . Tf
Sorry, is taken. But try RT : #ItsTime RT I hate my twitter handle. Time for a change.
Yep, remember my years in the classroom. Wish I had a nickel for every dollar of my own money spent for supplies!
“: where you niggas play at?” forest lakes come play! I'm trying to go in the next 30in of Lu picks up
Who won the fight?
Mark Davis killing it today for
i should go to sleep half day tomrrow so yeeah :/
Tim Tebow reports that Morgan Freeman's voice does, in fact, sound like God's.
youu crack me up girl(:
such a great movie! I definitely remember watching that together :-)
Inspired by my time in Austin, I'm having tacos for breakfast.
Always a mystery when u find random hairs that aren't yours in your bathroom
Been burned by property management companies? Come see us...you collect the money directly!
lmao I don't loser
That is good news!
hey bay whats up with u
;) RT : Thanks to for a great experience this week. We really enjoyed the Aspen Social Club!
my sister was watching that & i walked in and it reminds me of Austin....
multiple 3s in his heart..he so wants me.
Don't let Tony Dungy leave! Bring him back! Bring him back!
Fantastic time with and over the weekend. Weather was beautiful and love eating out in the courtyard
Seems like somebody keeps talking and wants them to
I feel like callin it a early night. Im sleepy
#storagewars great show. Barry "hey Dave, shut your pie hole."
I'm In The Murda Bizness
Bout bored af
yes she does!!! Wish i saw her more than a few times a year. Ok nitey nite I should be going to bed myself...lol
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Buenos Aires, not the easiest place to do business, breathe, or speak english, but the food, architecture, and culture are world class.
The worst moments , when your boyfriend caught you with another guy !
Revisiting Drake's 'Take Care' lately. This is a really emo hip-hop album. Are things still emo?
I think I'd like #collectiondevelopment. Too bad I never took a class in it. Any book/blog/internet recmdations for teaching myself?
lol white and nerdy just shuffled on my itunes
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Hmm.. what kind of shirt design to make next..
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have #faith that everything will work out for the best.
If someone beats you up, laugh in his face, spit blood at him and tell him, "good luck, I'll find you." You lost, but he'll be worried.
This civilian life got me spoiled not wanting to get up in the morning.. I got to get it together...in class with the sleep monster...
Second Life is a powerful tool for building global communities, & steampunk is huge there. If you've never been, look into it.
I did
Also, you misspelled Renquist. It has an "h" in it.
Aw, Well Of Course I Wouldn't Know.
Did my taxes. Owed the "man"... wait for it... $5. Interest free loan to the government?! Hell no!
the feeling is mutual.
Was yesterday for real? Omg.
Jose Lopez just jacked a 3 run bomb. Unreal.
Off to sit chairs that cause more harm than whatever the doc does.
This is great! Please let us know how your #TIB project goes. RT: My J-term class is focusing on
Im ready for school /: IM READY IM READY IM READY! Bahaha. Lolol.
Southwest is coming to PWM---> is this finally happening for real? I live in Portland, OR & have been waiting for this!
Increased the amount of Quinoa in my diet... Energy level and mood are much better. #completeprotein #vitamins&minerals
well... look for people who need help... who are in need... and help them.
For a creative writer possession of the "truth" is less important than emotional sincerity. -- George Orwell
I'll go too !
Could be that this person does not care.... Welp, I font give a hoot!!!
What is it?
To stay up all night writing my essay or to not stay up? Well sleep, looks like you win again.
Look forward to reading it. I like Pomeranz and all, but loathe his arm action on the backside. So damn choppy.
Hi Alex very happy you got it hope you have a blast. Love you more.
New rule: If you make more than 1 bracket you have to pick one as your "real" bracket before noon today.
Knowledge is power!!
No wonder all these dogs are barking theres a lose dog.! Imma get it and throw it away if it gets near me !
Come on #Caps! Make this night tolerable!
LOOL,she should teach me ..
i really don't understand why girls with NO type of booty insist on making "twerking" videos
I just saw your tweet now. Yeah, the story of the mountain lion getting hit was so sad. He was a cute kitten. :(
Not so good with adults who need excessive kudos. Something I should work on?
'The world is so interconnected that bad news anywhere is bad news everywhere' -Barney Frank via
We are excited to read your work! On August 3rd or so we will re-open submissions so get some stuff ready for us!
Yeah! That would've been an awesome saber fight between all of them.
i woke up remembering that I bought #vanhalen vip tickets! So happy rock music is back! Take that MTV!
QoTD: "If you're afraid to fail, you'll never succeed." (Dan Gable)
Excited 2CU RT : looking forward to the Green house reunion dinner on the 23rd. Great idea! Hmm who has survived?
waiting to take a final
It was amazing!! I love you more and more with each episode. Haha
So excited for my invite! Sounds like it'll be just a few weeks now.
If you could only choose one: Power Lace Sneakers or Hoverboard?
Looks like I have to cancel my trip. RT: It’s against the law to leave your house in Thailand if you’re not wearing underwear.
I'm not evening going to say when I graduated. You can guess. I went to roosevelt, newark until half my senior year.
: I don't say much. .... I just eat ice-cream sandwiches.
it is on page 6 paragraph 5. Can u follow so I can DM u? I sent email to norlander but don't have your email add.
got mixtape on deck. got voodoo niteclub on deck! meeting a new singer today - gotta make ur own moves and others will follow
Thanks dude. (: I'll ask people what they think about it.
Aetna seems to have decent small group plans. Talk to Marly - she's evaluating for us now.
Another tidbit from Eileen "Finish a project then celebrate and REPORT on what you did"
If you didn't get your back pack - come in& pick it up - only a few left! Leon
♀To The World You May Be Just One Person, But To One Person You May Be The World♀
Unknown~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
in Denton! Brings back memories of Nashville! :)
Yesterday I drafted a collation statement for an e-book. Did Bowers roll over in his grave?
Will miss the Civic Engagement meeting @ West Center today. Heading to La Mesa to housesit. First time ever caring for a bearded dragon.
Getting a jump start on the new year by archiving all of my 2011 desktop files and setting up for 2012. Ah, the joys of starting fresh.
Brahms Symphony No. 3 all week to get me through 3 papers. The reward will be performance next weekend.
the next
Thanks for the support! See you soon :)
Im pumped about my next hair style!!
It's only 10:30 and I have already crossed about 3 things off my to-do list!
#SpaghettiOs, Hot Buffalo Pretzels, &
Seriously, Dolce and Gabbana Light Blue for men smells amazing
Photo submitted for a fashion contest is a finalist! Need to submit final items!
Check out Irendering.com, they did great work for me
At the cbcf pheonix dinner watching president obama
Best whip should be a judged event for sure.
Pretty amped for my dad to be here tomorrow. First time he's visited since I moved to FL. And he's meeting
I have her email..just haven't contacted her yet.
this is the power of LOVE !")
gained four pounds during weekend in Vegas - time Tobit the #JuiceFast for three days!
Dana Holgerson will probably go easy on those 2 arrested if he learns they were stealing Red Bull for him.
Kevin Doell has recorded 5 points (2g, 3a) in four games with the Chicago Wolves
. SM MUST integrate w/ traditional...if you're doing both...they feed off of and into each other
Don't call me a Homewrecker because your boyfriend likes me sweetie. :)
Ouch that hurt.
I can't wait until I don't have to live with my parents
She can deal with stress and carry heavy burdens. she smiles when she feel like screaming, and she sings when she feels like Crying.
Tell him to sell the team or at least run it better.
#nw John Q
Q: Why are fish so smart? A: They are always in schools!
hiya robin.. MUwahhhhhhh
Sounds fun! Can't wait to see you! RT : Absolutely! Very much looking forward to our Pabu sake + sushi date...
You can never be old and wise if you were never young and crazy.
": I ask you again Mr. Maloney--do you support the termination of Frank Spaziani? #FireSpaz #PLEASEANSWERME #BCEagles"
Stocks mixed in early going, with JPM weighing on Dow. Key avgs poised for weekly declines at this point.
not worth reading all the #masterchefau tweets - everyone is so negative! Stop watching if all you can do is have a go at people
Alt N Bach rules. Been a long time since I was last there.
God morning!
Tigers gonna get em tomorrow
should've came yesterday. I hardly ever work Sundays.
I cant spend the whole day on twitter, i dont know y.
Gotta go with S.O.S. ": I'm having the hardest time picking which Jonas Brothers lyrics to get tattooed..."
What are you doing to get your week started on a good note?
I agree girly! California L O V E!
Dust mite allergy is the most common cause of year-round allergy symptoms in both children and adults. It is estimated that as many as...
Drinking some mammajuana on my brother jamals name
War Wand. Hendo/Shogun is fight of the year for sure!
On my way to Rockafeller Center to appear on the Today Show! Tune into NBC at 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!
I'm getting fucked with Sam
can I come?
Holy eff. That's so absolutely wonderful. Congrats! They look great.
purple because penguins cant fly RT : RT : If I have 5 apples and Jamal takes 3, what color is Jamal?
Maybe #Orioles should have brought #ChrisDavis in to pitch tonight.
Happy take your v-card day! Lol
wats up with u?
RT & - The Dumbway youtube.com/watch?v=rMjTXF… Download Now!
so you can listen to music in one ear??
What ya gonna do when you find out Im perfect for you? Watch out its gonna drive you crazy
"And when the oceans rage, I don't have to be afraid. I know that You love me cuz your love never fails." Thank You for Your unfailing love!
My mom asked me if I stole this purse..yeah, mom. I stole a Louis Vuitton.
=Off to the racetrack in Canton :-).
are...are you saying old people are ugly?!?!?!?!?!
When Jameer does that hop skip high step down the floor I want to nickname him My Little Pony.
almost fainted when I just saw that Alphonso Lingis will be in Denver next month; I haven't had breakfast or lunch yet
Well today is the first day of March, let the stress begin.
Learning about sharing historical authority...lots of tough questions.
“Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
This might be my big break
Mother's Day special already selling like hot cakes. Email soon to get your order in!
My last retweet is oh so true
ya and i remember u saying something about him not liking you. lol
Fmr Pitt HC Todd Graham: "I made a mistake. The mistake was I probably should have never gone to Pittsburgh in the first place."
That was awful
Can you be my nanny? Not for me, but for my daughter Gianna?
aww you look so sad :(
Are you fulfilling your life's passion? Or, someone else's passion enslaving you to work?
Going to see Hot Chelle Rae in 1 day !!!
About to leave the gym! Had a great workout! I'll be back later! "Gotta, Get It In!!!!"
yamaha bass was polished wood (huh-huh) and had stickers on it.
thanks for the
on 75 u miss me
I'm enjoying all the color and pagentry.. of commercials!~ good thing this has limited interruptions
That article is ridiculous! I'm sorry, but I think people are really overreacting.
Have you been to Garces Trading Co yet? Get Revolution there before they run out!
when are we getting lunch?
Education > Poverty
I'm getting a subway today! Ham and cheese with a little bit of mayo!
Woot! Do they look passable?
Your my boo thanng
Back on set today!
I'm not the same naive girl I was four years ago. Seriously. Give me some credit.
RT : So... What you're saying is water-boarding is torture, but abortion is not murder? Yeah...No.
Nice W boys :)
wen I walk in I said it 3 times then I got up and left
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar. Come in for $5 Three Olives Vodka Drinks and $3 Wines..
how cute :)
Time to present on framing of polling agenda surrounding health care; if you're at #Mpsa2012 you should join us!
congrats! This despite being in ze corner.
watching deadliest catch
This girl is so excited to be a gypsy...
there was a #coffee #tweetup and no one told me?! Haha! Have fun guys! :-)
Save those $$$$-- $29 for a Mani-Pedi at Nails By Tracy, only on www.crowdclick.com
Hey you guys better start acting right or I will send 1 of you to an orphanage and the other to a Chinese sweat shop
well yea sorta but i did go to bed at 4 in the morning or even later than that i dont remember. haha.
BRILLIANT. RT Sign in a store: "Unattended children will be given a shot of espresso and a free puppy."
Get ready for blastoff... and the happiest of hours! 2 for 1 drinks and $2 off apps start in 30 minutes and goes all the way to 7pm!
bob! Lets see a movie tonight!
#switc11 It's a very exciting time to be in IT at Indiana University!
i tweet you all the time, think about u 24/7, my room is covered in ur posters, your all i listen too! But u never notice me:(
Just finished the book "chariots of the gods"...such a great book, I would definitely recommend reading it
Ok good. That's right. And I am glad Juliette got this far she deserved it. And Jermaine deserved first.
Wicked ladies dont play. When we're not threatening to "cut a bitch" we're "shankin a bitch" Cc:
Yeah! Very cool! Thanks for passing it along. Did you listen to Colin Stetson with Dad?
one of those days where all I've done is eat
So the answer is yes. We finally have a sunny day here in Venice. Long overdue! Will you be on this side of town later?
So so happy to be back in the sunny 80 degree weather !
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them. Galileo Galilei (1564 - 1642
Back at ya, Russ!
": Looking forward to having in tonight." The cream corn is to die for!
Had fun rehersing for "Revange of Space Pandad". Come see me at PAC.
Was down to 8500 but won a toss, 18k at 75/150
ORD - > RDU. I hope. Heavy snow coming down in Chicago....
Staging, choreography, shooting all in planning. Praying to keep up the strength to reach our goals for the show! Such an experience! :)
In the end everything you do is just everything you've done
Keep trying good luck! ": Well as usual I didn't win but I won't stop trying! 💙"
hey sis get with me
AWWW!!! where do u live I liv in Wisconsin. I can take you home and keep u safe and happy
Happy Easter to all who celebrate.
Follow , it tweets every time a new #trend hits the top 10.
the yuppies say hello!!! ;)
It's not about "what you believe" ~ it's about "what you practice." (Thank you for sharing that, Carol!)
So sorry I missed your question! We had a power outage and our uninterrupted power supply failed. Really sorry for any problem!
- for sure. Have you heard anything about a new record from them?
Thanks, bestie. I'll send you some photos from trip you will love.(doing laundry, not ready to wash blankie yet)
Thinking about getting another car....
is always a snappy dresser. Loving what he has been wearing. I want one of those damn ties he had on.
worked out so hard today at the YMCA that i threw up. now it's time to eat my weight in banana cream pie.
Sorry how inconsiderate of me! I meant my homie g dog or something... (spoken like a white person)
I would have paid a lot too! :-)
dang girl!
Yes thanks my BOO
Seriously. These parents don't even realize what their children are doing to other kids.
happy mothers day Cynthia
thanks so much that's awesome! We really appreciate your support <3
happy belated anniversary!! All the best!
That's the spirit! RT : I am determined to put Batesville, Indiana on the map for Innovation, start ups and technology!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LYFEEEEE ~
Jicama, papaya, and watermelon for lunch 😍👌
Got 'yard of the month; now lady across street is busting butt to get it next month & leaves porch light on 4 us to see what she's done, lol
does anyone in your house with a computer have itunes on it? that's all the phone really needs to unlock itself
thanks for putting it together!
Would like to beat the shit out of reps from condo aasociation.
just buy one and tell him that it is an advance for all the work you do raising his daughter. Usually works for my wife :)
hello and you're welcome!
If 1 in 3 small businesses were to hire 1 new FT employee the US would be at full employment!
i feel awkward and im not even part of there conversation.....
Guess I'm not missing much. RT : How much do you hate Iran? How much do you love Israel?
Why is mary matalin on tv right now.. did they run out of people to call in for commentary?
Tuesdays that feel like Mondays after a break -
I just received some very nice tracks been listening all day! I'm excited
some Mind in a Box and a little smoke before le workoutzzz
Follow me i follow back be back in a while
waiting for Coraline 3D to start
- My Mom wants your blue sparkley glasses, and your shoes from last episode! :) I told her i'd mention, just in case... :)
thing maybe Cruz and Haley should talk about it instead of his coming to me.
thank you so much! ugh, i just thought about what i really talk like.
Awesome workout!! So pumped to rock the f*ck out of today's audition!!! \m/ \m/
I'm tired of trying Sick of crying Yeah i'm smiling but inside i'm dying
It's actually cause is from Cleveland, but your idea is much better!
I may have tweeted to soon! Lol & Reggie Evans are back in the game..!
Oh and green tea. Thank the god(s) for it everyday.
Chris browns new song >>>
Thanks for the RT ! Have an amazing day today!
lol....love it.
because I'm Hilarious and interesting
lol they're my off the court kicks no worries
TGIF! Where's ma drank? RT :
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on. But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again.
Having been to Japan, I can attest to how great a place it is. Like so many others, I wish them the best, & pray this madness subsides.
The Playoff Quest for Lord Stanley's Cup Begins Today! Let's Go #Blues Tomorrow!
Good luck to all of out TECH Titans on the AAU circuit this weekend. This is 1 of the reasons you put hours of work in. Get 2 the next level
With JBolo! & Jomsocial, are group chats private or public? the demo sites don't show this feature
I'm very proud of my birthplace...Tuskegee Alabama! Its getting represented very well in Hollywood!
synchronicity is just one of the many wonderful effects of "excessive" caffeine
Hate #bestbuy santa ads. We already commercialize holidays enough, no need to poop on santa
So excited about Ghirardelli brownies being on sale. It's the little things in life.
You're expensive, moody, and passive-aggressive, but I live for your rare shiny sunny days.
ill wash dishes if it means retiring my uggs
Social crazies! I like. U buy the domain yet? Just in case u wanna start a nonprofit or sumthin. ;^)
Headshot Tip: A bright colored shirt is not enough to make your photo pop...lighting, composition, backgrounds, and creativity are crucial!
The term "6:35 Train to Hicksville" is Swedish for "Assholes to the town Billy Joel's from"
I come home.. and my old car is in my driveway. along with the one I have now..
My mom just asked me where was i at?? Um school...
's mountain dew commercial > 👍
nothing says 'silence' like shouting #ALEC from every roof. Not about silence: democracy requires transparency. Why hide if up&up?
At The El Ray getting my New Orleans fix listening to Trombone Shorty with my Paul Rae and friends.
will smith
Rumor is Peyton Manning will be released by Indianapolis by Thursday and the Jets will be in hot pursuit
Next Saturday TryOuts is changing its Friday nights and becoming the official BYOB nightclub!!! 18 & up welcome. Saturdays for members still
can wear drawers if she wants to. THEE ONLY PPL THAT CARE IS U.
Loving all these commercials. Can I be you?
LOL! Thank you!
Lehigh!!!!!! As a Lafayette fan, this is the only time I will cheer for you but that was pure amazing.
Downloading that new Chelsea Grin song. So good!
Setting up our headquarters today and tomorrow, should be up and running by Saturday.
then again I'm very popular, people don't even bother me in HS
There's one shot, damnit!
When you fall in love, your life is no longer ordinary. Real love is an event that changes us all.
Man I'm leaving for up north this Friday. But awesome news.
lady you be smokin' hot!!! we're sharing you all over the web in a second! xoxo
Omg I hope I got those questions right please check your messages and let me win :D <3
I saw about 5 girls (so far) wearing dresses/skirts that they should not be wearing. >.< Let the count-up begin!
The Girl Who Poo-Poo'd Dung Beetles
IMA PUKE!!! hold my purse !!
anytime bro, imma try to leave around 1 30
Come help poster Seattle with our Cannabis Freedom March 2011 posters! meet @ Cannabis Defense Coalition today (Sat 4/30/11) at 4:20pm
we have some strong drivers. Maybe we can help this summer.
no do not cut your hair...
If you get off the plane during a layover you use it to save your seat
"Thanks to cell phone technology we realized that it was not that big of a shadow.. " hahaha I love the Espys :D
Oh, , just heard from that you had muscle cramps while doing your run. So Sorry!
He's great (and gigantic). 26 pounds and counting with a huge head of elvis hair.
Don't ride*
Barney Frank at the Ford Hall Forum: On Obama's handling of the financial crisis, "Things would have sucked worse without us."
the only thing that makes me happy are horses and me playing my instruments :)
Um no. I'm good. lol. So weird
They used to call me frankmike, but now they call me derpderp.
Right, Kidd-Gilchrist's weaknesses are more than shooting. What the Cavs would need him to be would take a lot of development
RT Judge Hogshire overruled all motions to dismiss five charges against #Huguely. Defense is about to proceed with its case.
Finally went 2 go see Think Like A Man wit my baby
Now jawns Wanna act new Lmao I digress
No prob! :D
Panama in white
Found inspiration in my #Quotefalls: "Enthusiasm with error is more acceptable than indifference with perfection."
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
Fuck this dude shit pisses me off more than anything I got you and fuck this dudes day up
the word of the day, everyday.....Swagger! Dig It!
love tht song
Ty for following me!!:)
we've got 50lbs of fresh caught Alaskan salmon, 40lbs of organic beef, 6 holey boards & 30 acres. Seems like this plan should write itself.
Not really. Dolphins are among the third smartest animal.
I hope my mom will let me go to Wapred Tour, because I will die if she won't let me.
Dear Delmon Young: seriously dude? Signed, your teammates, Tigers fans, and your fantasy owners. (I'm in that 3rd category)
When's Sputnik opening? Can't wait!
Nice line from #dml working group at #Berkman about kids and learning: "They don't care that you know until they know you care."
Your up too early, aren't you going to at least sleep in a little to start offseason? JK keep working hard have a good offseason!
haha i know right?!?!
Chemistry must be respected.
This dude is wearing a Celtics jersey, a hornets SnapBack, and he claims to be a lakers fan.
Got a nook color 'cause Kindle was sold out at the time, but very happy with it (compared with friends with kindles).
watch restoration.
Walk the Moon.
Ugh... Brady
Just tuning into on WOOD TV 8 for Holiday outfit ideas at the River town Crossings Mall (and see my 2 minutes of fame)!
the next step would be not watching at all. :P
I ♥ walking around the house with my iPhone in my pocket, and my music turned up. Like walking around with my own theme music.
the fire during Sonne felt like someone was holding a lighter right in front of my face.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author & perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before... - Hebrews 12:2
im ready to fake my death and just do holographic concerts til they create rebirth technology lol id make.... a killing?
Nothing is more decorated woman as well-chosen man.
#DIY #DepthSounding efforts using #Arduino and other COTS technology. #wherecamptb2012 interesting use-cases.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
Woke up with "Be Prepared" from The Lion King stuck in my head
u slept on the table? Or on the toilet?
Your wig is crooked.
Love it when that happens. Congrats!
Somebody came in ÜBER focused!
I told you its a good show:-)
10 days off twitter has felt like a year!
Now every time I hear "feel it all around," I think of Portlandia :p
makes it more entertaining when they gown down in flames
So, McDonald's newest Shamrock Shake commercial pokes fun of marital infidelity I guess? #Cheating: I'm lovin' it.
follow friday....it's a good way to tell your followers who to follow
Monday night $80 dollar bar tab??
#NEworks Symonds - 60% US 27 year olds don't have a #college degree. A third of jobs require a deg, + 30% require AA or some college
My crew everyone goes they one wau den come bak in tha mood to celebrate and continue life as it goes
My 3yo needs to read "Who Moved My Cheese?" He doesn't deal well with change.
hope you had a nice day at the desert! :] well goodnight now, sweet dreams and love you so much! :*
He broke up with you? #GetOverItLifeGoesOn You deserve better anyway
RT : Join me at May 11-13. The earlybird ticket cost is a small price to pay to learn to validate your ideas....
where is my friend at??
May => My Birth-month lol [^_^]
Do they still do the two-vote system for mayor? I always thought that was good for 3rd Party candidates. Seats in Assembly.
more like the pop music grassy knoll!
TRY IT IN THE BATH, YOU'LL SEE.....
And he can't go back like he did when he was traded to Utah.
“How could I know this was to be the big opportunity of my life? Resulting in a world speaking tour and a best-selling book"
you should have a meet and greet in florida somewhere.
I'm texting Ben :)
movie time at shawny's ha
The Bodhi Body team is attending the home opener of the Phoenix Mercury tonight!
The tightrope I am walking is swaying in the wind
your welcome!
Sonic Sound god right about now!
Was just thinking the same.
RT : RT : Beautiful day in #BTV! Makes me excited for summer nights and lake swims, ,
Ray Rice did that one time to a guy who called him the N word. Needless to say the guy needed a new twitter profile afterwards
Jack Bandit
the physical organization of land uses and the creation of their architecturally styled connections into a coherent environment
Here's to the directioners that buy magazines just because One Direction is in it.
You jerky!!
Line of storms now along and west of a line from West Bend to Lake Geneva. Moving to MKE by 7am
Let it be known, I ❤ Boyle Heights and East LA
#HIV also are groups that have grossly more misconceptions and stigma surround
THERE SHOULD BE A DAY CALLED "ALL CAPS DAY" LOVE ME SOME CAPITAL LETTERS, MAYBE CAPS LOCK DAY
"Cardinal fans are the worst." -
I appreciate you! (:
So the air bag light comes on in your car. What's that all about?
I just had the pleasure of writing a check to the MLK Center on behalf of Bon Rappetite. Feels good, man.
#FF ! For news on seminars, workshops, grants, and programs in American history, literature and culture.
reading River Out of Eden by Richard Dawkins - amazing!
Thanks for the RT !
The gathered peachy underarms of a scissor tail.
Pain is when you are at the DMV and the photo area is backed up. So they stop calling at C249 and you are C250
A-ha! Thanks.
great seeing you last week!! You are amazing!!!
Looking forward to hearing the awesome Golden Week speeches starting tomorrow :) 2 minutes :) Be ready :)
really looking forward to partnering with you on mentoring survivors of trafficking while making cheaky jewelry!
I finally had time to follow 44 people who have been following me. Most are speech therapists. Look forward to your tweets!
I enjoy following you on here. Great source for my Bucs news. I'm an STH, definitely appreciate your insight!
I sent you a letter the other day! Did you get it?:)
Last time I tweet in the US until the end of break!
right!! She know she ratchet!!
Tweet at us. Something awesome.
Im not saying relationship being a secret . . but ladies, why do you feel the need to facebook every detail of your love life. UNECESSARY!
Just found out Legend of Korra premieres today!! Where have I bee?
Today in Blues: Blues guitarist Peter Green was born Peter Allen Greenbaum October 29, 1946, in Bethral Gree, London, United Kingdom.
WHEN IS YOUR I Should've Kissed You COVER GOING TO BE UPLOADED?!?!?! <3333
done talking, no one's listening.
what you doing?(;
De'Jonique, how are you?
RT if you like #niallwhipshispenis (i know i do ;) )
My problem is I take physical notes on random scraps of paper, then refuse to toss any for fear of losing an idea.
WooHoo! Giants win!! Hair did!! And now the Globes!! So happy!!
Nothing says peaceful Japanese Garden like a bunch of crying toddlers.
It's tough, especially if you're point is misunderstood-BH
Hell Yeah :D
Dustin Brown is THE MAN!! Go Kings!
The Pneumatic Diner rocks!
Zin in redbull of cola of fanta.
Ahh!! I'm so excited for 's new album to come out #nov1st!!!<3 <3 <3 love him to death! Wish he would notice me :'(
How can we meet you on the coast to coast tour? i dont want to have to spend 30-50 dollars on pastrys just to meet you ):
Oh, we all have a little hot mess in us. Today is just your day to shine! :-P
Thanks for the shout out!
Can't tear myself away from this Alan Lomax Archive...
Why do you need a card for a nine year old girl cousin? And maybe it would be better in spanish.
yay!!!!!!!!!!! You owned the shit out of that dissertation!!
Be blessed and know that you are loved by the Almighty God.
Watching your ustream love it follow me??
uh huh....you lie like a rug!
Happy Monday, MTCP'ers! Who performed in their school musical last weekend? How did it go?
So Gr8 hearing my friends sing 2nt ! Also Blessed by message :)
You know what's sad about moving to NY?? I won't get the chance to run into in the city...LOL :)
WE HAVE FISH STICKS!!!!!
hi guys! :] I make twitter right now and I'm learning this things
ooh that is going to be fun for everyone! Good luck to all involved.
yup. encouraging for the future of museum ed, right? she's young too. hope you're enjoying nyc!
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep. -Chas. Austin Bates
Thanks 4 the follow. Followed back. How bout a story for a couple of my clients on your mag?
YES! YES! YES! is a master mind of wrestling. It's about time. Thanks Mr Heyman.
Now matter how happy you are, the minute you hear Whitney Houston's where do broken hearts go...makes you wanna break down
Ouch! Maybe you'll be around for the invitational, DMac?
A little windy & choppy on #MeadowLake but still a fun time this am with
I'm crazy to love him, but I don't care
you and me both. I'm going crazy with curiosity as to what happened there.
walker won with only 1.1 million '10. If we can get Milwaukee to the polls, dems win
Just watched Shawn Michaels vs Sid for the WWE Championship at Royal Rumble 97
ik same my mom changed her mind:(
Writing my paper about the American tradition of freedom while listening to The Program with some Perfect.
New article on using direct marketing and brand marketing in your art business. bit.ly/og1fBM. What do you think?
yeah, it was. But everyone was broken! The game's execution is notoriously hard. You have to jump cancel 10 times for some bnbs.
Follow me first and you'll get steaks all over your kitchen. Forever.
Chill, Alec. Intelligence has better things to do than to partially censor tweets in the mi
Don't eat apples and oranges at same time. Given choice, always oranges. RT : Apples and oranges. Let's enjoy the fruit.
eh im tired:\
Talk about digging your own grave. Tonight Live @ Davis Graveyard in Milwaukie. Set your DVR.
Happy New Year
Dear Twitter, sorry I haven't been on you but I found someone else...his name is Instagram =D
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
it's like blippy but worse!
My dad and I taking my mom out for dinner later. Wbu?
plz follow back!! :) and man do I miss That's So Raven!
My calc teacher: the event is business attire Calc student: so bedazzled ass-less chaps are ok?
Thanks to all at #ACASummit and #goldenseedsACA for great couple of days!
One of those days I am note sure I got enough done? My sculptures are still drying, think it will take a few more days (sad face).
Happy 7 years to
Boss bought lunch holla!
NY is hurt & facing TB's best starters.. 2 of 3 would be great, but 1 of 3 shouldn't make us panic.. CC NEEDS to get us a win.
lol but it's a double win tho
I'd like too be, everything you wantt.
I'm hungry now/:
Very few unbiased financial advisors agree with this idea
My stupid TL is dead as fuck and my tummy hurts :( fuck my c-section :(
Cross-toed?
Hmm, Harold Bloom is still around, though he's been kind of an old crank for years now.
It's the final countdown!!!!
lol, you know you saw it again. don't lie! :-)
Pool time. All by myself. #qualityalonetime 👍
I could go for some shakeys :)
you are so awesome!! Thank you!
So far 4 scholarships have been awarded from funds generated at God Has A Plan For Me! Talent Show.
We don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services -MZuckerberg
Spent the nite with my mom n my lil bear...saw wicked on broadway, lucky to be in love with my best friend :) nite tweeps
Thanks and hugs from Texas
that sounds too good!! lol
Good-Morning to all my followers !! I love u guys! -Im about to go to sleep since in just getting off work but waking up in 2 hrs 4 church
A good relationship should have 3 things: eyes that won't cry, lips that won't lie and love that won't die.
naw Mac way better he sucked at first but hes grown so much since then..i can actually listen to sumshit now
Remember your days in Dallas on Tv/Radio? I do! Hope you are pullin for #RANGERS. The Dub misses ya.
aww he's so cute too and I'm 18 I don't want to go to jail lol for kissing a 15year old boy on the cheek lol
unfortunately no Supreme, they usually keep their gear N their own stores...
When you are writting a paper and then later realize its in all caps<<<<<< #Really?
When it comes to the Los Angeles Lakers I'm indifferent.
Arik Cannon vs. Erick Stevens is up next.
..when a city loses it's poet, before he is an old man whose inspired multiple generations, it's as if the world has lost it's eyes..
No. Im curious, though.
I have been unable to shake the want to make an rpg/adventure game for many years; I may have to stop resisting at some point.
Thanks, Sarah Shun-Lien Bynum! Be sure to visit tomorrow's guest worker, journalist Sam Hall Kaplan, from 3 - 6 PM !
been there before. Best of luck.
A bitch will always be a bitch .
we will fight!
it's just an insight that occurred to me while showering earlier tonight.
WHAT THE HELL ITS MAY ALREADY?!?!?! hay ill be 21 in 395 days :)
Let the countdown begin! : Tickets on sale December 9th at noon!
Wait alexis is coming???
Does ever NOT wear a suit anymore?
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your tweets!
To risky to ask a stranger "Hey can you watch my stuff?" I offer bribes from the coffee bar for stuff-watching services.
Cleveland Does Not Rock: Do the math: Toast + Butter = Good
#ABQ This Sunday it is a concert by kids to raise money for kids with #cancer. Come see some great talent! 6pm Sandia Prep Theater $10
Happy Friday everyone, come in and have a great breakfast to celebrate the snow!
WOOOOOOHOOOOO I TOLD YOU GUYS!! "I'LL HAVE ANOTHER"" won The Kentucky Derby!!!!
ugh NOW i remember h8 u
Dwayne has the hiccups.
Once you pour the water out of the bucket it's hard to get it back in it...unless you pour it into a bucket of equal opportunity
LOL Hm, and why?? Do ur arms have dandruff?? Tell me whats going on and I will tell u what to do pretty girl!!!
#loveyoumore hope doesn't get mad for me saying I love you on twitter though ;)
For the most recent updates on music, music and fashion, follow
Are you doing what you love? L.P. Jacks said that when you are doing what you love....you cannot tell the difference between work and play!
Anyone know a good Adobe Illustrator artist looking for part time work, a freelance job? I need files converted to vector and cleaned up.
Busy Monday. I need a beer.
So ready for vegas
I hate those moments when you run into someone you don't want anything to do with.
So happy I get to babysit Pay Pay tomorrow<3 I have missed my baby/:
It seems to me that RRV is so hot now that it is hard to find value ones. Suggestions?
She looks just like u!! Wow
Are people hating on Gotye? 'Cause I'm kind of diggin' it.
im ready fa monday to come
I just want a piece of the happiness
It's almost time for Beckett Bowl! Tweet #Beckettbowl if you'll be there next Monday! No tickets? There's still time! www.beckettbowl.com
a Marine told me "may the fourth be with you" this morning. Now... Should I have reached through the network & punch a Marine?
now what exactly does that look like?? Lolzzz
beautiful, hot!
this deal will be done , Too much at steak .
Happy birthday to !
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday face your fears & Wipe your tears!
finished, want to get it done and try to publish it...sadly little is getting done lol
Just wrote blog post re: this-I say go 2 bankers homes, where they socialize, corp hdqrtrs-haunt these a-holes LOL
does the site open for u? It didn't on my phone.:(
A thought as I'm designing new page mockups - the less words user have to read on PTales, the more words they get to read in books
Doctors make me so mad
“: Goodmorning... look at the Valedictorian, scared of the future while I hop in the.....”Delorean"
Hey hows your day going so far ?
wahhhh i miss you! hope you're having fun on your cruise! lolz. can't wait to talk to you!
SATURDAY in DC 21+ FREE till 11 @ TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
What is everyone up to this weekend? What great Country Music Videos can we play for you?
bored...gonna cruise SF and snap some photos.
I endorsed Dr Jay Weerasinghe on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook"
Phoebe Snow never forgotten RIP
"Are you gonna choose Candy? What about Babs? Or Stealetta. Maybe Endive? ...Dimples? Velvetta?” ha. Wouldn't that be fun?!
Found out we have a "Shaq's Family Challenge" newsletter at work today...a whopping 5 subscribers receive this
Omg this lady makes the word sandwiches evvveeerrr
Hi! We are a charity that will help raise money for Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, MD If you're interested in joining in.
The jokes about Butera hitting anything are just too easy.
Yea I'm in san juan puerto rico speaking Spanish
Your welcome! And good luck! :)
I just played Before I Let Go (Feat. Woody Wood) by Maze Feat. Frankie Beverly on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
This shit so good it dnt even smell bad
The car in front of me keeps swerving into the other lane... Driver's either drunk, fighting, or getting road dome
My spanish teacher plays favorites. She calls this kid "swag" and i want be like "No Ms.Moore, Tyler *points to kid* not "swag, Tyler." -.-
More like Paul Heyman's ghost.
Today's Special: Not Fish
Happy Easter!
Mike Daniels and Jerron McMillian welcome the #Packers!
This insomnia is kickin my as....
Did you go to NH? I thought you looked familiar, graduated 02
our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the fan who died at the texas ranger game tonight
Hope he bring my shrimp this morning; only thing that will make me feel better;
I slept a long time today.
Our Midtown location is having Happy Hour ALL DAY! To celebrate 1500 "likes" on Facebook. Come on in for some Sangria! Or Beer! Or $4 Apps!
how u just going to lie like that u went to kingisland
Download He gave me this day off itunes today. U will be blessed.
i need to buy one
Trip back to the 70's? We've got you covered at Thurs' patio party! Come join us for great food, cocktails and live music! See you there!
Thank you so much for sharing your slides.
Memphis has always been a basketball town but I believe Memphians are finally embracing the team.
I opted not to receive Baltimore's back in February yet still received the latest copy. Such a waste.
Go BLAZERS
This video is amazing. It shows how powerful & useful music is. Keep making sweet tunes.
its interesting because the guy says to never do something, and multiple people at your table are doing it, but balancing well
Statistics are the third leading cause of death in the United States.
My last bell the other students didn't know there alphabet :/
Good Morning all my friends
I want to hear it! What's your No. 1 tip for nonprofits using Twitter? Reply with your answer!
I don't think I can pull off the skirt
Someone text me
What beer dist in pgh has biggest craft selection?
Phil Bredeson at Starbucks! Ftw
Thanks for the #FF!
3 point and one by King Stockton. Vandals up 67 to 56
still live!!
lololol. im seriously down to chill though
New Acana Flavor!
lol I'm not!!! No worries!!!
So excited our Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show Vendors have been asked by #WVIZ to participate in their spring auction. Airing Apr 26-29th
In the depths of lau working on my project after a long day at work for
good, I'm glad things have gotten better
Can't wait for in the morning. #Questions Part 3 is going to help some people. Make sure you get there!
Big thanks to Bruce Springsteen for opening for last night, now come see them today at the SXSW showcase!
Bizarre to hear advocates for networked public commons at #bcltorphanworks cheering calls for enfored intermediation & centralization.
I guess we got him!
Life is like a bowl of soup; you only get blown if you’re hot.
Playing with Love My New CD 31-3-12
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL! STD'S!
Happy 87th Birthday Grandpa Wayne. Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. I know your up there smiling down on all of us
Starting in at 1 am wtf!
Keep your eyes out for "Good Enough" to be sold online soon!
Hit on the hush hush we need some quiet time
have you read any Thomas bernhard? Reading 'the loser' right now because I love
my eyebrows need my indian sista at eyebrow lounge to attack them with thread. i look like a jim henson creation.
i also need more friends the like to film music videos for fun...
Just discovered, via slumber party, that my daughter's 3rd grade teacher has gotten her class obsessed with "Mr. Roboto". Love her.
well..he is a lab :P haha he will prob get bigger than that too!
Now I'm gonna have to make a grilled cheese sandwich before I go to bed.
Shoutout to Matt Rosenbaum who still rocks a maroon sweater like its 2011. Some things #obviously never change.
it's all about the very berry cap crunch dude
RT : #Hokies if you missed this last night, you should read it ASAP -- Identity: The Key to the Spring by
All in-stock TOTAL Olive Body Milks and Butter Me Up! Buttermilk Body lotions on sale $10 (orig $15). Come & get it!
So ready for tonight. (:
Today has been all non-stop, rush, rush, rush, two hour nap, rush, rush, rush.
Mentally exhausted.
hang in there I'm pulling for you
Did you just outscore in Fruit Ninja? Oh, no, I'm sorry. That was me.
Just checked out your website. Please connect with us at some point to talk about collaboration.
follow back nigga ! :)
If your wireless doorbell rings when there's no one at the door, it's not elves--it's just time to change the channel. Merry Christmas
I'm still confused on who you guys were talking about. Haha
The only way to get out of a Rut is to turn the wheel one way or the other...... Lane
thank God I.passed that easy test
I'm fucking tight right now
I hate it when I can't sleep!
#oghd #seattle is off to a bright and early start at !
Today's my only true day off. Cooking six different things while watching four hours of fake news followed by three different sports
When are we gonna skype! :)
The love we received from others isn't love unless its shared.
LONG DAY...LOTS OF PRAYER & KNOWING GOD WILL SEE MY FRIEND THROUGH! #speakupforthosewhocan't
Now that I can do.
Great were already crying like dicks and it's only May.
Follow me please I Love you so much 1-4-3♥, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoLsiten. You're all time on my mind
In case you haven't figured it out yet, group name and password for #SCMS11 conference wifi is SCMS
Don't know if u r @ the Issaquah Costco, but it causes severe aggravation. I had to switch to Covington. Blissful compared 2 Iss.
Making a Difference with Big BrothersBig Sister. Will be working on an event that will support them and another organization
Of course love! Had a wonderful time with you. :)
Begin 2 discover ur purpose & passion & u'll also discover how much the world NEEDS u. #senseofrelevancy that can't be taken away by NO man.
Ok. Is there a certain subject or anything I should write so you don't think it is spam email?
Brainstorming: (1) volunteer activity ex. IT board; (2) short-term & highly targeted engagements [+]
Thanks! We love him!
go to the locker room at 8 yo get jerseys!
Excellent suggestion! (And yes, Bourdain was pretty weak last night. Disappointing...)
thank you for following us, it's always a pleasure to follow real talent!
Watching Portland and San Antonio... great comeback!
I bought some Lilly bulbs and thought about doing some vegetables/herbs. But I'm a planting virgin, should I wait? Is it too cold? Help!
A we got a good thang.. Dont know if Imma see you again.. Like is it the real thang or is it just a one night stand
#RedSox make the signing of Kelly Shoppach to a one-year deal official, effectively ending Jason Varitek's career in Boston.
Happy first day of Spring...I saw the first robin of spring. I think he was lost. He was chirping in French.
be bck later :)
I woke up wonderin y my vision so off..i forgot to take out my otha contact before takin my nap...
I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Strangest thing about all the changes to the ABC Writing Fellowship is that you now have to submit the application on CDs.
if you went gay for any man, who would it be?
4th week of shoulders= killing me
TRAFFIC: WB Belt @ Rimrock Rd - Beltline Bob is on the job. Delays
again?! :o
Funny Funny Funny Boy I Cant Stop Laughing
Work is overrated and thats all I have to say about that.
It went very well.. How are things with you.....
m m m that looks delicious :)))
We apologize for any inconvience
How magical would it be of the tribble courtyard had outlets?
Rick Santorum, fundraising by offering supporters a signature sweater vest. He's almost a parody of himself.
I have nothing else to say lol
Phelps is hot! I'm getting sucked into this Olympics stuff. Bummer about the stuff I gotta get done today.
Huntsman: "you all have a head start you don't even imagine yet"
be good Kay?
I lot my baby <3
Any of those flavors can be shakes! or of course part of your burger combo
bring to your #campus #college #university -DM us!She has been the featured #speaker @ #event + #conference programs this year!
i co-sign on this one. Not a flake on Henry Avenue...
thanks for the well wishes. nothin but love for you. let me know if you want to come to the june 29 show.
I love listening to stories about what I did last night
a roomful of stupid. RT : Gingrich gets good laughs and applause with his "you can't put a gun rack" in a Chevy Volt
Bo Pelini is here on the sidelines with Joe Moglia
It wasn't just social networking-but people who feel strongly and need a channel to act
Bo Morrison, 20, was drunk and hid in an enclosed porch from Slinger police when homeowner killed him in self-defense, WA County DA ruled.
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
yikes! RT : Several ppl shot in downtown #Indy. NY & IL Streets closed between Indy & West Streets. Lots of cops. Drama.
$1.49 M&M coupon at CVS ~ one day only
excited! Any leads on dinner spots?
Hungry in Philly? London Grill has jumped aboard Diversity Platinum-10% off to our members. Do you have your card yet? Diversityplatinum.com
Just caught Twitter in act of unfollowing you on my behalf. Thank God I was revisiting your page and clicked the follow button.
Did you know that the pulp of a cucumber can be up to 10 degrees cooler than the surrounding air? Hence the origin of "cool as a cucumber."
My solution to quit having clean up all this horse poop. Quit feeding the damn horse!!
Ride the wave
no single
Nothing feels better than bumping J.Cole's the Come Up mixtape on the ride home from a hard day at work.
I feel.... kinda sorta really empty.
Just reviewed Epic Citadel (Project Sword); yes, I'm impressed!
NCL Freestyle Dash sale ends Fri. Don't miss out-onboard credit, upgrades & reduced deposits - all destinations! Call us now 800-803-7245!
The wait is finally over. Great Beer, Great Friends, Great Food, Great Music, Great Fun, all on a Great Lake! Milwaukee Brewfest!!!
That's a sick shot by Anze Kopitar for the goal, even if Mike Smith was screened.
I hope I have my red lipstick cuz I'll be #pissed it I have to buy a new one!!!! 💋
Last time held w/out a shot on goal: 5.31.03. defensive streak now at 5 straight halves w/out SOG allowed (245 mins)
Success is merely the absence of failure.
omg common!!
We gave away a ton of Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshakes yesterday! If you've had one, what do you think?
Thanks. The "authenticity" debate grows wearisome. Categories are just that; not turf to be defended.
Ladies Night begins now! $1 Drinks for Ladies until 11pm! Free Dance Lessons start in 15 minutes! Meet us on the dance floor!
Brilliant, loves this! All locked in so see you Thursday. I miss you, Jess ;) x
Goin to bed people...goodnight :-)
Wow - MCA? That man did so much for music and the world around him in so little time. You will be missed.
How come the worst drivers seem to be out on Monday mornings?
CLA will soon announce a major new public art installation coming to the Loop this summer. What is your favorite public artwork in the City?
#AmyWinehouse dead at 27. She joins Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimmi Hendrix. all dead at the age of 27. #crazy R.I.P.
It's a love story baby just say yes, Porkchop
much surface area, Butthole tag?
DC?? What brings you to my city?
Amen. RT : Now, more than ever, we need amazing teachers.
RT : $1 beers and #karaoke . #HappyHour all night. Huge Selection & speediest singer rotation!
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way. - Juan Ramon Jimenez
Yes cha to perform on xfactorusa..did u see their tweet yet?
My toddler: "Lemonade please!" Me: "That's so polite, I'd be happy to." Toddler: "I said 'please' so you'd give me some."
It's happened too many times for me to continue thinking that getting Extra Care coupons for Tums is a random act by CVS.
Class. Act.
I'm thinking of changing my Twitter name. From to a shorter one like Yay or nay? Lol
Jeff and Adam workout, ha ! the only i saw really work out in the Big Brother was Hayden and The Bragrade (allience) last year #bb12 /
Listing to at
Easy doesn't always mean happy, and good just doesn't seem good enough anymore
Panel likes Topsy , HootSuite and Tubs to track social media activity.
Time goes by so quickly..
thank you for your follow! :)
Ignorant individuals are everywhere I tell ya.
I'm not sure why I've never been to Nana Funks but it is too much fun..
Where did you shop and what did you find?
Feedback will happen the way people need it to, reach people where they are, open all channels (from Twitter to the USPS)
Happy Easter to all those celebrating this sunday! Everyone have a great day!!
I refuse to be average. I will be the best I can at what I do so that those who receive my work have every possible advantage!
knowing Rushane we'll probably have one tomorrow night
Abigail, sensibilities and emotions
Have you ever seen the two of them in the same place at the same time? I'll admit Larry's not very big, but...hm...
Giving up my BC tix if doesnt fire Frank Spaziani.
Easily the most hockey I've watched. Result made it well worth every minute. Jameson shots every goal was about zero fun though. We'll...0+3
thx kharyp hope your day is well
#IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same way i feel about you
thanks for the shout out queen of cake pops
congrats daniella! :D
Congratulations, you are almost done with the week! Come celebrate with lunch at Smashing Tomato!
Camping Food: Make your fav omelette before you leave. Place in ziplock bag, put in cooler. For breakfast, warm bag in hot water and enjoy!
My order of custom clutches for my bridesmaids should be here any day!
56 combined points in first half a new Rose Bowl record. Can they hit 100?
nothing bored my aunt is getting x rays
Welcoming the winter solstice with highs in the 70s.
Getting ready for tonight!
Pelco's Dean Meyer: frank insights into the firm's shortsighted cling to analog and monumental move to IP; now successful...
When you flush the toilet in Australia the water goes backwards hahhaha
Damn Caps you couldn't hold on for 6 more seconds could you....
Sounds like a plan to me! I'll tell my buddies. :)
He will but its fun watching him play up a the decent one for once. His streak continues.
I'm sure there is a good case but we don't need our Constitutional rights attacked any more, no matter what!
We're at Sansome and Pine, open for business.
totally want to watch that. have you seen the cash money millionaires movie: ballet blockin?
Mane I need a north Memphis fillup
"I JUST LIVE LIFE I DONT MAKE PLANS/ BUT I STAY BENT LIKE A TIN CAN"
intel pool pumps
thanks so much for stopping by--so sorry the meatspace meeting was so brief!
Day was good until the cops messed it up. Freakin STUPID! Then people be actin stupid as hell. Trying NOT To cuss here....
Lol. My nephew in his room watching some kind of movie dying laughing when he need to be sleep. Lol
Me too! Mostly I just work to not get the white circle above my butt.
Cinco de mayo!
Now at BLoomington North to watch & then our other guys playing in the Adidas May Classic.
Ahh sorry I haven't been on in so long :(
I know. Would like to provide little bits to those not here. :-(
Mall of America
At lunch i wandered into the sportsbook and thought "i'll have another" was the best name... Winner.
Wishing all the past performers and families of GHAPFM, a Happy and blessed holiday!
Dang me and my ex talked on the phone this morning. Dang I thought she hated me i guess not.
RT : COME ON!!! I don't have all day.
nice!! I would love to hang out with all those guys,I bet they are a blast..let me know if I can tag along
Its been two weeks since I've been in school ... I hate it, don't want to be here -____-
It is amazing how much a long hot shower can do to rejuvenate energy and sense of self.
players play because we glorify athletics, money, and all of the trappings that go along with professional sports
I'm pretty sure Tim has one from our Christmas present swap/fight thing we do. bought it :)
U Know U Got It, If It Makes U Feel Good.
Excited to hear a lecture in "Aesthetic Preference for Color"!
thinking about wearing a top hat and a monocle to Atlantic City this weekend
Hey Brother. You in Cali? Come hang in a few weeks.
Reflexology stimulates reflex points on the feet & through the nervous & other systems positively affects other parts of the body & organs.
Cabo grill tonight!!!!
yo I just fell in love with you Ron!!!!!!! Hahhaha creative
2 HOURs in traffic to get groceries? Wtf. NBA: get the fuck out of my town and NEVER COME BACK. My motzarella is probably fermenting by now
I just entered Klean Spa Giveaway - woo hoo! see you next weekend!
I love bread, too. I could live on baguette, brie and red wine!
Tonight we make an Amber Ale. Session starts at 6:00PM. Free beer samples provided. Be there.
#TheStatusLounge by w 3p-8p sounds by + other special guests
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse...Tucker Max
Sorry to hear that, April. (FYI, the new e 2.0 will be open so you can check it out.)
Follow because he's an awesome piece of hair (:
What if Lazar Hayward's name was something less cool... like Gary? Ha!
The Bike Line Broad Ripple is Now Tweeting..............
Garlic breath is in! garlic lowers your chol levels making it a heart healthy food.
Lakers 89 nuggets 80! Let's finish them, lakers. Go white boy go white boy GO!
Thank God
what's mexico city's hashtag? When r demos for u guys?
Listen up! Buy any 5 of our short sleeve Tees and only pay for 4 May 17-May21! Just enter "May2011" at checkout.
LIES!!!! This was of your own doing! I stay home and read
follow my business page
Thank you! You guys have a cool concept.
Guy just coldcalled a $15K shv w JTo w anthr big stck left to act behind him? he won vs AK..if ever get stck gonna b great tbl to get chips!
“: An elephant can die from a broken heart.” stop it elephants, I love you
Yeah, I sure learned my lesson. How are things, you still in SD?
I'll take one of those please.... or is there a copy on slideshare I can look at?
Good luck!! RT : Tennis tryouts today! So nervous! Hope I make varsity!!
Need to ride
where are you!!!!!
Me too! Please get on Animal Jam.
I hate when the Red sox play the rays. The red sox broadcast gets blacked out and I have to watch the gay Rays announcers.
come back to Portland so we can hangout and fall in love ok?
With a shuffling of quarterbacks happening this season, the only one out of the mix is Vince Young. How long will it take VY to find a team?
My earphones are starting to crackle. :(
Hey Providence, thanks for playing. - Sincerely, Syracuse
Vanden Bosch 5K lighter for low hit on Manning last Sunday
just read your article on pitch from March and it was so obvious yet brilliant at the same time. Thanks for it
Okay so I freaking love new song
iight ill play with you whatever you can play
Hey Matt - thanks for the kind words! BTW has another release in store for October.. stay tuned.., cheers!
whoa, them's fightin words! :) why no pottermore?
Shopping with mom. Leaving on a jet plane to LA tonight! We can't wait!
#vmware education is back to work. Got my VCAP-DCA4 results: PASS. Time to get serious about that #VCDX design.
aww im not guna tell no one
Reign supreme punches right In the balls
This bores me #Knicks vs
UK-KU replay on ESPNU right now
#ImA Kid at Heart. Forever Young.
So is Tebow "Tebowing" at this very second?
We only go if we can get the first appointment of the day, in and out!
#Who's playing the part of Caleb Hanie for the #Bulls this postseason?
yeah buddy. Section 304.
bitc imma deny erryday all day. He's hit . Crusty. Grimmey.. And a crackhead. A lowlife piece of shit. Who owes me 2,000 hA
We turn't up tonight at the dukesters nite club 7733 reading road
; "Haaaaeyy. I just met you annndd this is CRAYAY. But heres a condom... So fuck me maybe?" Haha, ppl say the weirdest things on youtube.
Is in the hunt for funding!
omg, yes. this is why there's exactly 1 i in winner.
where you headed?
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely sunny day today. Love you :*
my wife was talking about going down to check out the protests etc. I think she is reconsidering LOL
S/O to GT without him I dont know how I would have got home last night...this is why I need a car lol
Not only did I like it, but I heard from UK friend, thought it would especially help people outside US easily understand.
getting ready for the Halloween Pub Crawl! Hope my homemade costume makes it through the night!
Officially today is our 1 yr old BDay but we're gonna celebrate it in July..Happy BDAY HANSHIKTACO!!!
you call that light? The keyboard and dock are just dead weight!
Where are we at with everything? I can watch only so much 17-2.
"I've been a fool, I've made bad decisions, and I've been blind. I'm now opening my eyes to some things and changes will happen.
Casper Ware for Long Beach State just pulled a Kobe! 5-22 from the field
me!! thats usually what I wear around the house
so golad you liked your #EDRITO today - you dream it up, I'll make it up!
way to be clutch. Nice to have you back.
NEW TRACK IS GOING TO BE POSTED ALL OVER THE NET TONIGHT... Check out www.URSession.com They support local bands the right way!
Ugh come on 10 o'clock I'm ready ta G O GO
omg I love that my name is Booth!! I want to read the essay!
Word to your uncles brother.!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 10
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 29
Thanks Walter. That's so nice of you to say. Tune in at ten.
Beat my previous best by 15 minutes. Must've been the bagels!
yeah it is, but its worth it , Haha. Tell me once you've seen it(:
Living Magnificently means sharing GRATITUDE. How many entries do I have in my Gratitude Journal?
Who wants to see Madbeast and destroy a fucking show together!? Where's the Long Island peeps at!?
just back from walmart, busy day -.-
It's a magical kingdom.
what do you know about the Wendigo?
I feel like doing a craft lol wtf no idea why
OHMYGOD Citizen Cope!!!!!
I love to mop the frying pan with a piece of bread
It's Wednesday time to focus in the good and thank Jesus got the great!
It seems the Flyers goal is about 2x as wide as Pittsburgh's tonight. Pens all over Philly... And the game's barely half over.
Carl and the U-T do.
I'm everywhere... U set the date
We believe Ryan Callahan, our bass player, to be M.I.A.... If you see him, let us know so we can practice this week.
"To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
And are the ingredients for the body soap bar actually different from those in the facial soap bar? Get on this, 60 Minutes.
I'm the official #SlugLife Beerleader. RESPECT THE POM POMS! Also, can't wait to see lose.
Baller, indeed! Let's hang sometime and wreak some havoc.
Love my new star earrings, rocking apron, and leopard-print wallet--all originals!
hahahaha! That's would be awesome! :)
we went for an event where .gov's could share what they are doing in this space #organic #open about 15 agencies and 20 ignites
We were just added to a google + circle with the Dalai Lama...after all, we're 'The Cerebral Approach to Fitness'
n olive garden got sum nasty shit
Cookin up some good shit for me and my lil mean!
I miss you..
thx! I added another 2 cents to the debate. great stuff all around, and again testament to how stellar Open Democracy is.
This has the added perk of the fact that you can pick anything you want! You're the one creating it, after all!
Be sure to use #PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets today if you're attending the summit! If not, use the hash to follow along .
Huge thank you to for coming in last night. If you couldn't make it in last night, come in tonight, we've got tours at 4, 5 and 6!
cool me and Sena are definitely gonna drive down there
must have been a good night!
that's just the ows signature scent: eau de unsanitary jobless slobs....
neighborhood pride leads to a vibrant city, leads to more visitors. Gay-cations in Hillcrest are great for San Diego.
please follow me? :)
What are the wheels doing?
#Brewers, Marcum needs to get out and put Hawkins in
RT : Take the high road; it certainly isn't very crowded and you will get to your destination much faster. - Great advice!
Sometimes giving up is your only option
now if I can just remember to do that now! At least now my gym bag smells terrific :-D
yeah I'm thinking about it
12 incredible days. LA. SJ. SF. Santa Cruz. Carmel. Big Sur. San Simeon. SLO. LA again. SD. Down the 1...CA, you are quite beautiful.
Ah!! The Clit Arms.. My old local. How I miss it and it's wonderful wine list!! And my old drinking/Foodie buddies ;)
you may get the chance, he's in the works.
Hughes - Just added more tracks of Brian to our playlist. Check us out - Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
When u go to your sent mail w/ intent to blast someone for not following up, hit reply & send a nasty email to yourself
I love it would be amazing if he followed me
Just saw a girl with a topsy tail (!!!) Somehow she was able to make it look hipster-ish and cool, unlike when I did that in 5th grade.
Summer is upon us! To keep our makeup upon us, look for an oil free foundation that has silicone and touch up with blotting papers!
tomorrow my dad will be dead for a year, man i truly miss him.
and I are finally done bluffing our way through #472 papers... the book is slowly closing
Yo! I left your cardigan on your chair at work. :)
#AlexSmith I love you.
my bad for the delay on the response bruh lol IDK man!! you know as much as me ha u talk to Brad lately?
Watching Austin ad Ally with my little brother. is the funniest person EVER.
Just finished While Mortals Sleep... I miss KV! RT Take Care of the People, and God Almighty Will Take Care of Himself.
Who are the real floppers?
Having done my grad work up in Wisconsin, the ads will be nasty distinctive.
either one they kinda look alike
thanks y'all!
um yeah!!!! Haha
Agreed Tyler! May all the positive love and kindness follow u.
I bet
Happy Easter to you, too! :-)
WOAH cowboy lets take it down a notch!
You are my favorite on #TheVoice!!! Very beautiful and powerful!!
I always feel VIP at Starbucks💁
Blahh, i can't believe the Cubs beat us last night :/
thanks for the shout. I work with Pri here at PB, . Glad to connect and demo our products.
at the whitefire theatre in sherman oaks, ca:) come out and see:)
come back!!
crazy how time has changed me
i need my money pronto, need it in the mornin like alonzo
Some times you can teach an old dog new tricks..I'm giving twitter a whirl!
Use the code "LABORDAY" to get 40% off your order until Monday night!!
zomg I felt so unclassy the one time I did that
Tomorrow is going to be fun i cant wait !! Going to see Anson <3 c;
are you with sami?
i can travel a suitcase lookin azz =P
Hail storm got your car? Need a rental? Let me know and I will get you taken care of. 502-968-0894 or message me.
LOVING ur blog!! I feel like were sitting in the conf room eating burritos & having a conversation w/ every read! Thanks!!
one day we are going to help you capitalize even more on your awesome Social Media content. Keep up good work!
Aren't you afraid your stalker(s) will be waiting for you at the other end pretending to be limo drivers?
Day 4: Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ (600 mi). Definitely a journey into new territory, this is a very beautiful part of the country though!
very nice weekend, thankgod its been cooling down, sick of the hot and warm weather and is ready for fall, bout time
Lots of crisis averted techniques (finals stress) will be implemented and some festive parties will be had this week.
