is this line to go to the parade?!
When God hands you lemons, you find a new God.
:( its just a little dance lol. I tolled Austin Hamilton about it. he said he would shake his hips with you lmao
Bahaha RT : Since we now know that Rosie's killer was Oprah, these #Killing promos have lost some of their zip.
When interviewing on air, concentrate on what the reporter is saying. Even if you freeze up, so what? Laugh at yourself and plow ahead.
today is a day of remembering those lost 10yrs ago...its hard to believe its been 10yrs...god bless those who suffered and lost loved ones
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.
At the northwest side Irish parade. Drinking season has begun!
Soo my boyfriend played my Tiny Tower last night while I fell asleep! He says he doesn't like it but hm ;D
when I get home can I apply to become one of your producer? Is there a certain amount of producers available??
Watching the first 48 with ma dad . He's ma bestfriend i promise I appreciate everything he's ever did for me always there.
Bouta ride out to columbus, txt my shit.
For openings in the cruise ship industry and overseas hotel industry, please "Like" our facebook page: www.facebook.com/monestudiospage! xx
you got our vote in round 2 of the mock mayoral race - and we hope to face off against you in round 3!
yes! The missing component.
what r u doin up
oh we'll see about that! I'm asking errrrbody!!
Plus I never cut my to go natural. I cut it because I thought I would have to get chemo. But my doc and I decided to try something else
I'm sorry but this is the real person for this account that that didnt tweet you 4 days ago someone just hacked my page.
Heard you on talking about the #NFL #Concussion litigation. You were spot on. Great job KT!
House going on market next Tuesday instead of today. Whew. A little breather.
Thanks! Claire would be happy!
even on twitter you tweet too much lmfaoo
Where is the newest promo video for with Julian, Louis, and Thomas?? It was up on youtube and now its gone :(
well happy early birthday :D
why would you add this godforsaken meebo bar to your site? i have trouble imagining any user who enjoys having it there
Have Fun Be Safe
Two players I have helped coach through their hs careers could go over 1000 pts tonight vs us. How's that for irony?
Awesome panel at Day of #Fosterly with
I love Nigel Thornberry.
I'm yours to keep if you want me. If you want me, I'm yours.
Tryna get that Michael Jordan hoop earring
What brands do you think have the best brand experience?
If you are busy thinking about your neighbor's garden, you cannot cultivate your own.
rates for sexual abuse were reported at 12 percent and 49 percent for men and women, respectively
Oh so this is the famous Castiel <-Kelsey xoxo>
Send me a follow & I'll dm you
Thanks for the follow! Do you go to Canada's Wonderland often? I had my first visit on opening day 2008 and rode Behemoth really early
Ugh hopefully I get these three chapters.
As you go thru the Exhibits be sure to stop by the #ALAStore (Booth 1835) Think fasion forward and get your #alamw12 t-shirt early!
Just cuirous do you know why #sportingkc gams are not broadcast live on radio? Is no one willing to carry the feed?
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made ♥ I loved her when I was younger(: her music,movies,and tv shows was all I watched/listened to(:
Slight panic set in upon learning I was the only person nominated for dept Chair election. Crap. This is really gonna happen.
Don't worry my true friends will always be my family...but we might have to see each other next reunion
Birthday today :) Shoot then party with the family. #lovelife #HappyBirthdayToMe ;) <3
ur officaly 16 im sad but yet im happy!!!! <333 i sen u a gift but shhhhh u will see it soon
Daddy. Direction? What the actual fuck.
wow! I wanna hear that story
My growler's looking forward to being Harvest-filled! Good thing I'm filling in for 2morrow
I'm incapable of sleeping past 6:00am. Getting old sucks!
board as hell
you're beautiful<3 i want to tell you how i feel but i don't know if you feel the same way. I hope you give me a chance<3(:
Trying to go a whole day without using exclamations or emoticons
Good point. Hopefully no team will take him and he remains retired.
His name is Buster... just in case you need'm!
Break Legs! RT : Auditioning for Maria Hubbard tomorrow. Setting myself up for future successes. :)
I haven't seen it yet either.
you must have sumone to "snuggle" with 2day sexy girl! That's y I'd want a thunder-boomer!
i love yall,but im a grown ass women lemme make my own choice about this!
lmao I know right? He said kiss me somewhere dirty, so I took him to des plaines. Lmao!!!!
I remember when I had under 100 followers and was jealous I wasn't in a picture RT : i remember my first bandana
Hi Peter, actually Motian is not well, cancelled all gigs. But Satoshi Takeishi is playing! Thx
This is the latest i've stayed up all week. Hahaha :P
ask me to follow somone and i will
Lindy Fix at 8 tonight at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Come out for our first dance on our new night! Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate.
has determined the printer in the grand jury office is the bane of her existence.
Happy 11/11? I'm thinking more "Happy birthday, Mom." <3
tiger shoots a 71.
Carving fools up on the turf. come watch, you will learn a thing or two about futbol.
Heisey tries to do too much, Brantley? When has he ever been given a real chance to be an every day player?
I hope my son's musical tastes evolve. Right now he doesn't seem to interested in much except disney songs.. which is still a-ok.
Q: What is the difference between a fish and a piano? A: You can't tuna fish!
do you prefer that version w/Deckard's voiceover or Ridley's cut?
my god bro said are you tatting tonight or tomorrow?
Lol i'm so weird
why not 1900?!? SLACKER!! :)
LMFAO I forgot you the type of nigga that aint got medicine after 420 #LOSING get ya shit together n watch how everything else come
I have an interview on Friday that looks good . If anything its practice right? lol
Never make the same mistake twice. There are so many new ones to make.
Proud to have as a co-sponsor of this year's Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival!! www.wisconsinbeerloversfest.com/
Amen! We need some variety over there! Can't wait to see Melissa McCarthy too.
lmao that's the only answer you getting for now!
Thanks for the retweet! Fiesta Finals Perks is a blast!
I don't wanna get up!
Baby's already unhappy and crying...
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires
Slept 10 hours last night. I might have been tired
They're still clinging on with Windows 8!
follow my twitter and visit my site. i'm about to start up a contest giving away training camp tickets... stay tuned
Nice to meet you too.
somewhere along in the bitterness
aw thanks :)
Members Card Heat under 193 (25 units)
it came out today bro
Payola for the Most Profitable Corporations in History « Bill Totten&#39;s ...
Still thinking about #InTheUpperRoom performance on Friday night. Just amazing! Blew me away.
sour patch kids
Hey! I just joined Twitter recently too - decided I needed a better intel source after the earthquake hit. Hope things are good!
me too
Gonna process some books at the local public library branch!
Me: I'm sorry that woman just yelled at you. Him: What do you want. Me: Where I can I find a cassette/voice recorder. Him: What year is this
I need a job. Who can help me with that?
#losinginthefinalfour how's that?
Who's your inspiration.?
No could top my moms pancakes
Santorum's version of catholicism is fantasy land. He'd fail to be hired as a teacher in a Jesuit high school.
What are some good songs??
right on! Thanks for the heads up. I don't do yogurt really but maybe it's time to start
my hair is thin, so I said "fuck it" and I'm shaving it off and growing a little beard.
no idea... And honestly, no time. Just planning to join someone else's group and help for the weekend.
Today we're shooting the photoshoot scene from episode 5 of Sherry's Kitchen. It's gonna be so much fun!
congratulations on a great fight & victory
Happy Birthday Tupac, Soccer Madness, NCAA Football Earthquake is over... For Now. Big East stays the same. Lakers easily force a Game 7.
well to me it was only bad cause i didnt eat at all and i started cramping up and getting dizzy af. But thanks
Happy day of birth!
Be wise, be kind, be grateful; because, we never know what each day will bring. Blessings to all!!
Staying in and watching dvd's ,sounds like a plan to me .
Don't you just hate when clients agree to events & shows on their own, then want you to back track to be sure it's a good look!
What you make happen for others GOD will make happen for you. Give until it hurts.
My three year old holding my old Blackberry: "MOM, pwease I'm twying to TWEET!!!"
BIG Father Son moment
Dj deoy what's good
Presale for & ah
Ha. Nice. Now that's some marketing. It's more like the Poor Man's glovebox.
Obama doesn't have to fight for his staces because the Repubs. are the worse option than Obama.
omfg, i might chicken out on this job...
#theworst -Editing, I read that "Aly" notices her chipped nail polish. What do I do next? Remove my chipped polish.
Infants, children, teens & young adults need to be vaccinated against meningococcal disease.
I have tattoo fever. I have 6 already & I still wanna get more lol. Smh.
#Touch is on ...already getting misty!
I also think it's time to re-ombre muh hairzzz
in the
Now for breakfast.
I had mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce and a cheeseburger
i haven't really had the best last two days of the week ... but you always motivate me thank u for getting me thru the day
had so much fun in LA with you & the cast of #bubblegum smackers
Sadly, I'm with Lesley. I can BARELY drink water while I run. Beer might send me into barfzone
I want that playful, silly, loving, caring, laughter filled, GREAT sex, drama free, ex free, hoe free, life long, SERIOUS relationship.
This is the problem: What is true to you is not real. All it needs is a little analysis. How much importance are you giving to this 'me'?
Passing through Sakura-con (anime fest). And needless to say, I clearly dont belong here.
haha sucks to suck!!
. I hope you know that after 18 month journey WI needs help with Barrett win or energy for Nov will be a slippery slope!
I seriously need to paint my nails tonight #Unattractive 😖
Thanks for the RT!!! :)
you are now.
Its nice to get feedback and even better when its positive - a little can go along way :)
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to continuing the Terp tradition of entrepreneurship!
What is gettin me for my birthday >>> 
damn i never seen u ever get upset on tv that bank of america story got u rattled
charles barkley is a joke!
Love that #reggiemiller is trending right now.
not all people.
- what you have going on in that island--Haiti & DR are separate, but unequal international policies.
Already done! :) Love your stuff. Keep it up!
Im watching too many things at once
thank you so much for coming to JCC this morning. My son Noah was so excited to meet you in person
Holding back tears can give you headache
RT : In my mind I'm punching Carolina.
Things are ok. I have been sick for the past few days thanks to Derek giving me his sickness but other than that I'm good.
thanks! Great suggestion - will do so.
right on man.
Liberals focusing outside money on grass-roots organizing and turnout - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
may 8th? Oh, that's plenty of time
#wedding workout plan
what's the deal with Porcello's delivery? I thought the starting overhead was here to stay.
I have a client who I'm bring to AV tonite, if any hot girls want to come, please call/text me at (310) 971-3346 asap for walk in time.
Hey the sandman is going to have to sneak up on me. Going hard at the music tonight.
The yearly hat tip to Nicklas Lidstrom. Was it the last year of an awesome career? I hope not. At 41 he's still one of the greatest.
Sorry for the phishing scam!!! Hacked 35 minutes ago! Boo.
and I love Japan
aw <3 <3 <3 you and are THE cutest couple ever!!!!! but I tell you that every day ;)
Allegro Dance Company will be performing at the Ohio County Library in Wheeling WV on March 15 @ 7pm...join us!
Daily Special, Mon 03/12/12 - Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
Moving images to the server this morning. Couple meetings this afternoon.
Additional problem is that I don't know which ones there are, so it's literally taking stabs in the dark!
Really? Wow. Sad stuff. I guess we were the only ones watching it.
wish o wish I had HBO! Who's watching Girls tonight?
RT : Welcome to Friday, #Tucson! ##FF! Dig into your inner sunshine..brighten up your day--it's cool, cloudy out there!
would love to catch a break.
Mar 25, 1942: Channon: Churchill made a dramatic bid for more loyal support from Conservatives.
RT if you love your fans ♥...
Being loyal when you are not around, difference between real women and hoes.
maybe we'll start a trend.
Beautiful day for some rays.
Student Quote: "Chess makes me curious. I think it keeps my mind working. Maybe it keeps me active. " - Christina, 9
RT "Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone expects of you. Never excuse yourself" -Henry Beecher
Good morning my beautiful followers 😘
you were pretty, I'll leave it at that lmao.
Miami Heat :)
Sitting on the couch with my corgis & guest Bassett hound. No one is barking or attacking anyone. I feel like I deserve a Nobel Peace Prize.
Ed Hartnell you are a hideous dude
I plan to
Something Wimpy This Way Comes.
Thanks Mark!
I hate when I hit scan on the radio, and I stop on a song, start grooving, only to realize it's the Christian station.
definitely a good one!
it's better here haha
Landing in denver soon for alliance conference!
Weird that both my TV airings have been on the 16th, my lucky number!
Happy First Day of Spring, everybody! We finally made it! If only the forecast weren't in the 40s next week...
haha.Tell you what when you order a shirt,tell me and Ill throw in something for you since youve been awesome w/the support
I'm confident that I will rise to the occasion
Happy Birthday ! Thanks for always spreading the love for #iOS game! Would not be where we are w/o you!
Our Jamie Bock is now on tap! Grab a pint or growler at our brewpub and start wishing for longer days and warmer temperatures
While I'm with you.
thanks, matt!!
My life is a message!
1st soccer game in the books. Mr. Kindergarten with 2 goals and an assist. And a sticker for Christlikeness.
Welp, have no one to talk to. Oh
Honestly.. im glad to know you care.
Hey , , and other Bmore Food Trucks, we would like to invite you to #betascape on Sept. 24, We've got a lot for you.
you look amazing even though your sick!Maybe writing back to some fan mail might help!
i love you
Of course we have life gaurding shizzz til 9 when its amazing outside and on cinco de mayo!
Bike night starts at tonight. anyone going?
Why do priests whisper at the end of sermons? Is that something they're taught in seminary?
#males main twitter
Oh okay just reply with one word answers. Its not boring or anything .....
amen to that girlie
Make sure you don't fall in love cuss I don't have time for that
i also cannot spell.
Rule #2 Never throw out your leaves before the second brew
. I don't see his post as necessarily bashing modernism, rather pointing out the timelessness of good... +
I voted for RNG over 400 times I think that deserves a follow please.
Just came from workin out at the gym
thanks for the follow!
Loves watching the murder the
Last regular show of The Destruction of the 4th World tonight at 8.
tough loss for the Broncos tonight - there's always next week right?
I gotta say she scard the sh/t out of me talking like that. Woo Naww "Pineapples!" ~I dont like it!!!! ~KH lol
that akward moment when ur listening to ur ipod on shuffle on a thursday at 11:59 and friday by rebecca black plays
Quote from #NBA Great Kevin McHale today on being successful: "You've got to out-work your talent".
Former Skid Row drummer, Phil Varone, is selling molds of his own wiener. I'm gonna sell molds of my voluptuous butt cheeks.
Love the smell of fall. That crisp air.
New song "Boyfriend" Is amazing:)
Big congrats to for being named a Pulitzer Prize finalist for their work at the capitol.
#GoReds Looking to win the opening series of the year v the Marlins
Sorry, should I have called?
Check your Air Conditioning Filters at least once a month!
": Sex is 10x better when you love the person you're doing it with."
Scout mate of son insisted on riding, didn't know how to get on, pitched a fit when he fell over, then coddled by Mommy afterwards
#SaySomethin BEST. SONG. EVER.<3 It's been on repeat for hours now<3 (: #ProudMahomie #Mahomie4Life #MahomiesGoHard :D
How does a hillbilly get circumsized??? He asks his sister to close her mouth
i swear, as much as i dislike people, i definitely don't hex them. If Pepe turns up injured, then i'll start worrying..
Nice to see a band actually perform live....and killing it!
I'm going to go work on mine. I killed half a honeydew today.
Well, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much...wait, did you mean the baby or the bouncer? :)
it starts at like 7:15 and cool
in the studio this week recording demo's for our upcoming EP! get stoked it's coming soon!!
Barcelona and Argentina since I was 6.
I'm afraid it's a feedback loop too. You distrust evolution so you distrust scientists so you distrust climate change so...
Forecast for next week....in the 40's everyday, Yay! Two weeks and the convertible is coming out of the garage!
This is outstanding news for us poker junkies. Thank you. Can't wait until 1/15
That was a brilliant and beautiful read. Thank you for sharing.
Finally the Rock has come to Cleveland
like a couple of drunk idiots.
Bbl I need to like get mh mind off all this shit and Play some bball
Tired at work. Can't wait to get the hell out of here
it was cookie monster sticker lol
Do you ever wonder what the people reading our tweets think about us? I mean they must think we're on crack or something..
Oh shit! The gaming possibility just took precedence for me!
Who really likes those "30 under 30" articles besides the people in them?
I know what it is like to lose everything, but one thing I will never lose is my praise
WOW!! J-Hud covered it in her own special way. And it worked! Tears flowing...
Yes he does follow
Im supposed to have an excused abesence thingy in gym for like the past two months , so it wont effect my grade , but theyre not countin ...
Great week for us this week. Very productive! Busy busy next week as well..
Distant divine healing followed by a consultation . W.color-me-love.com
i agree it was her own style !
you're a fool.
If you lived in Siberia and you wronged the Russian government where would they send you?
Tell me you provided the uncensored version to the cops. Heh.
To make everybody happy i think i would need a clone.
a number of them, but not like last year.
The downtown San Diego Gaslamp Quarter reminds me of toontown or some kind of simulacrum of a historical urban district.
Somebody stop me! Im watching "Deliverance" ... anticipation is killing me! Why do i do this to myself?!
my goalie won a fight vs your player
I have a 10 yr old who has the attitude of a 13 yr old !!! HELP GRRRRRRRRRR.
whats in your package?! :o
Reruns of Big Bang on TBS. oh yeah!
Sho feels dam good to me wen I push it inside of u!!
SPOT on!
Neat! Thanks for the link.
Anything for an O.G. We go way back. I was once vegan, actually. And...now I eat foie gras and blue-rare steak all the time.
What book are you currently reading to better yourself and/or grow your enterprise?
Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" is playing one last time tonight at 11PM! Catch it for $5
OMG! Thank you very much!
Wayne Labar of LSC "relationships w museums was 1 way - telling the visitor – now, visitors want 2 go both ways & interact w other visitors"
wow, no i just dont wanna get arrested
And General Washington said "the '12s are in. And all the '11s must go, go GO!"
Excited for #erl12 next week, my first conference!
It's a stupid song lol
pretty sure thats everyone, not just you
Artfully quiet today for some reason...
And we only see real outcry when it's a gay NPC interested in you. Here, I'm a strong proponent of forcing players to deal with it.
I always love sharing! Best group ever to explore the topic of communicators as change agents. Thank you!
I recall Pawnshop with Jerry Reed and Dom DeLouise and a tv show called "Concrete Cowboys." Still love his picking n writing
no no no what makes you think that jubberish.
Berk update: Toe is gone and the stub is healed. Infection excised, biopsy negative. Berk is moving around fine, but, alas, is still crazy.
Heard at the LMA conf: LinkedIn is a great way to rekindle a professional relationship. Who will you link with today?
very true.
8... Guys that play around with you n_n
I said it was my opinion
Dish Danny! If u r leaving it better be someone equally stellar! RT: Curious who new community manager will be!
I love my Google TV
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it come to fleas-see you Vet for more info.
excited to be working with the presentation team, it's really coming along
great pres this am. Maybe you should prep w/ a 4am bedtime more often! Totally kidding there. Sent you txt re:dinner tmr nite...
How is everyone doing?
Lmfaoo and IM strange right?
Got the windows down and popped in Less Than Jake's Hello Rockview
congrats!! That's pretty awesome. My wife watches the show, so I'll be sure to have a listen while she's watching.
Fuck pants get bitches.
Really? Beach Boys? Really? Couldn't get the 8th Generation of Temptations or something??
Ops, I have no insulted at least two friends in the restaurant agency world.
renewed our wedding vows World!
I actually love their grilled cheese sandwiches. DH is big on the ocean water kick!
Apparently you are on pace for 87HR! But let's be serious...75?
So. So. Full. — Great lunch in downtown Waltham though.
dang bro i miss those good old days
I'm ready for your version of 'the decision' RT My Verizon contract has expired. Thank God. I am now a wireless free agent.
We got the #yelp deal... 99 for the "try everything" dinner for two. Normally like 225.
well thanks (:
RT : It's hard to make a good point when you're not sharp.
Dr.Death must have hit Lauranitis with one hell of a Lariat to have injured his throat.
oh goodness...& my phone died too. Smh
You're still the first thing I think of when they say 'make a wish'.
simple, but effective. ;) LLN
Should the wedding party pay for a bride/groom's bachelorette/bachelor party in Las Vegas?
My brother laughs when I cough cause apparently I do some weird breathing thing.. 0.o
you can use the one from ruby's quince!!! haha
Wake up and forgot I had to mop and wash the stove for tmr :-/
how far from your family?
Since the summer started I have apparently developed a bed time of 11pm..while during the school year my bed time was typically 5-6am..why?
TOO much coffee!
...and it was bye-bye New Jersey. we were airborne!
Not going to turn and look back, though. (i might turn into a pillar of salt.)
EasterWeek Specials! Plus We're Still Open all Easter Wkend. Weaves Cuts, Color and Make Up Specialist. Full Barber Services &shoe services
a dream about putting a dream, the shifting shape of a cloud, translucent and yet there to see and to hold, under a microscope
#RejectedPickupLines “Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.”
What if the whole G.O.O.D music came to The Rave
Posted it to LinkedIn group Grammar Geeks too. That should be interesting.
Really honored & humbled to get to worship with such a sweet church! (I'll bring the Puget Sound tunes in the am)
What kind of education content would you find useful on Pinterest?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
Wow, thanks 4 asking! Prob Stanford Press website, as it benefits my publisher and me. ; ) Thanks again for your support!
Thanks dude! Nice to see you there with your son. Hope to see you again soon peace!
This is one of those days that, if your kids ask for it, hot chocolate is probably in order.
What a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day! Good for you! (got rained/snowed out of my cemetery trip today... oh well)
I'm so proud of Austin. You honestly don't know. Remember that little 14 year old boy from Texas? He's now the 16 year old in Miami.
you need to road trip in the summer for week :)))
haha yeah everything's going okay. It's all in God's hands!
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)
O nvm about quitting complaining. Dude must be using this bus as a meat locker.
MAMA CAN HELP! she likes making mahomies happy....right? ;)
2012 let's see what this year brings.God works in mysterious ways.Love thy neighbor.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Follow Back ? <3
Queens Bridge Baby You Already Know!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. -Alice Walker
Is Gaborik drunk?
Can i get an early bday present from ? Its on wednesday
oh really..... Maybe its just how I read it lmao
Hatchet by Gary Paulsen: Wilderness vs. Boy---Boy wins.
Hi ! Is that DAM internship at ATK still available? Looks very interesting and involves two things I love; food and metadata.
lipstick or lipgloss?
that is funny lol
Big 1 9 soon....party party party.! lol Im so silly.
Wow any more excitement tonight?!
Hate when guys are assholes to their girlfriends. Sure doesn't make u a man!
Aint nothin wrong with enlightenment, its when u use it to keep people blind is where I have the problem. That's what tupac was on.
Amendment 1 has passed in N. Carolina. I blame
which incident? There was much to remember from that night :)
CUZZO. HIT ME UP. I HAVE THESE JOINTZ FOR U. I TALK TO BULL THE OTHER DAY
they might cuz hes like this is why we came here.its romantic he said.uh no,its creepy.crazy people.
I will be creating my new Artist Development/Management Label Contracts this week!! Whoo Hoo!!!-Kingdom Music Business-#On DECK
It feels good going back to my acting roots!! How essential! :)
Welcomed to this Friday morning with another gem from the humble : Bachman Tumor Overdrive
my dress is so tight /:
Obama gave a nice talk at the dinner thing last night. Funny guy, maybe he should be a comedian instead - at least he's kinda good at that.
Thanks for the news Carly Sue's family diner closing... Big shocker there...
thanks guys!<3
listening to some 1940's big band/swing music as I fall asleep...sigh..nite/morning u guys ~_~
Turns out he's just the reconstituted ghost of her stepfather ugh shit did it again sorry
Ambulance 801 back in quarters.. Hopefully for enough time to catch a few hours of sleep.
Good #hellomornings God's Girls! How Is Ur "Love Level"? I pray it Overflows so He may Pour Into U &U Pour His Love out. LuvU :)
y u no luv me
y talking to you.. ;/
Gusting to 48mph in Portland. 10,000 PGE customers without power, 20,000 Pacific Power customers valley wide.
www.foodgawker.com < you won't regret it!
Teaching a class on black tea Sunday.
Yo'! I Have Room For My Forth Hole On My Ear!!YAY!!!Then I Get My Cartilage Done!!!Then My Belly Button!!!Then My Tough!!!
shut your mouth. That is a classic.
#LetsLunch Pls vote: For June,how abt #wedding-, Dad-inspired, #BBQ or summer corn?
Come party with us all day today for the best St. Patrick's Day Celebration in town! Only at Hard Rock Cafe! The best local music and Bob FM
Jose Olivieri is kicking things off! Welcome to #BestSeminar and thanks for following today.
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
Got this detox shit comin my way... I'm in the clear!
since when?
Will be chatting in a few minutes via Skype with the Orlando start up team. Great things are on the way in Orlando.
Hung my art exhibition "Treeing up the Wrong Bark" yesterday at It opens Friday, May 4 in
isn't he like that all the time?? Haha
VDOT is now Facebook! Check us out at www.facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
“: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.”
Pumped to join in on the big skype call tonight with and some of his artists. Hope to get everyone in there!
yeah he Sold....already looking at exhaust systems, for R6, 600, and 750s.
I'll be the first to admit I'm kinda psychotic lol
Successful day with
Job Opportunity at BBTF - Front-end Web Developer. Full-time ONLY! NO contractors, NO off-shore, NO nonsense. If you are interested please …
RT : Lemme get my ass up that sleep was beautiful .
Social networks make people so much money... Going to go see
I just want to watch GOOD cartoons!!
are going to college day I need a ride
Know and perfect your craft.
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies do not listen to their buyers.
Im gonna go cause ive got no problem saying goodbye.
Bahaha - it's the eyebrows ;) they're all Satan-y. (You're nice.)
Falling asleep listening to a thunderstorm
I'll be home May 1st! I MUST see you, no exceptions! :]
Back at you ": GREAT to meet you!! #smcnsb"
Looking at casting submissions, gasping at so many IDENTICAL bad shots that were clearly taken by the same unknowledgeable photographer!
Nemesys's new single "Away" is and "instant hit"! Check out the track at www.nemesysband.com and vote for "Away" in The Best Band in Denver!
your car is so dope!! I love it!!
I'm thinking, he cks out of turn on button, naturally I'm like it's still on me, then ask for a count & jam 4 his last ~700. He tank callsA5
People still care about D'Angelo? Is he really that good?
Exclusive for our Twitter friends, tweet this exact msg and you could win a freebie from us: "I want a pageant tank top! #MacDuggal"
Was it you Ryan?
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW!!
I see your boob :0
Thanks for the plug. I was wondering about all my new followers. So far Twitter is great!
yikes!!! That's quite the pic!
nice article today, thanks for having the balls to challenge Bob Knight and his
It's really cool that numbers go on FOREVER.
I need counsel with a charter school principal, someone who's built a recreation center, people who know pottery and metal arts production.
The grass is to green.
hey hey hey! I just saw your keek and i think you should do "call me maybe" for your music video. (:
It would be more interesting if the Devils would score... we'll see!
666 Park Avenue? I can't...I just can't.
I'm pretty sure that's called 4play. RT I just saw a woman breast feeding herself.
GET ON A COMPUTER
I wanna say Happy Mothers day..to all the Queens out there that's all about their kids! Ya'll are a blessing..
ツ I'm that Bitch u see in HDツ
Too many politics on twitter
Darling look at me, I've fallen like a fool for you.
I just want a bagel.
Loved it: Augusta is more like a state of mind" presented by Heidi Rae Cooley from USC.
The unthinkable has happened: I've almost gotten the hang of the work phones! And after only eight months, too.
Have to go to Longview, WA today after Forbes named it one of the prettiest cities. So.. any suggestions? (Seriously... any?)
#Watching Man vs. Wild love that show
You can’t keep messing up someone elses feelings just because you are unsure of your own.
Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want. Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
“: Life is like a box of chocolate, it doesn't last long for fat people.” thief.
Is Bury Your Horses playing? I think Nick said they were playing a show soon.
My Big Fat Greek Tittes
SO. I'm happy won today :') woop.
I hope this w/end prem fixtures aren't called off!!.
If I have 3 signal bars on my phone, why isn't Sprint's 3G network working? ggrrr!
This is the funniest #SNL I've seen in years.
Today in Invention History: Charles Jenkins patents a motion picture machine, 1895
but turns out he'll be the best bargain in town
If it ain't one thing it's another...
CAN'T WAIT! I'll be at 2 of these games. Should be some awful baseball. Want to bet a 6er?
Heading out to Flashbelt 2morow with ! Hope to see you all there!!! Let's ROCK it like we did PEACE!
My 24 hours with the Body Farm in TN is enough for a lifetime. (The scent lingered)
RT : Thanks for all the support, Petra! #FF and Happy Easter!
maybe one day this crap will get easier
Nailed that Phone Interview -
Try rubbing alcohol or baby oil. Or, our favorite: household tape - just press down over the tattoo then pull the tape away.
wont even see a quarter of Them ever again!!
I voted so many times that I got a pop up on my phone that told me to 'cool down!'
Gah I'm so hungry!!! Time for some "Snackage" as the beautiful would say!
I hate when im home alone... I always feel like im being watched. 0.O
you have a pretty smile btw (:
2 hours of work left...then its nap time before i work
#Facebook Have you ever tried to get help from them #non- existent
Keep cool Columbus! Remember to hydrate on your rides!
I loves me some Queens Of The Stone Age!
Wtf im still in class onna last day
Really? Damn. Thought it was tonight.
The boyfriend made asparagus soup tonight for din, it was creamy smooth delicious and still tons of leftovers
So #MotorCityWives might get picked up by VH1..I never watch those shows but might turn into a sucker just because it's Detroit.
Gertie notes that HubSpot's integrated, all-in-one suite of tools makes inbound marketing easy
Having a great time developing new strategies for adding more value at Armand Morin's Persuasion X training in Las Vegas!
Ball so hard mothafucka wanna find me.
They are truly dynamic performers.
#ChulaVista will soon b on Twitter h/t MT just a small update - contacted City and they will soon be on Twitter per Steinberger
PLAY with my homie
Whoa, where might you be going?!?
Debate Teacher Town Hall: Elevate all students to highest level, or provide options to kids from all levels?
Divided By Design live at Brick By Brick! #SanDiego #tonight #rock #show #blackfriday #entertainment #SD With other great
Here's my proposal: forget that work exists and go back to sleep. BUT the show must go on!
I KNOW RIGHT I am always taking mental notes during her books.
pretty much yup
you don't never come see me
you going on tour?
LOL I just saw your interview on GT and that shit was hilarious at the end. I'm going to tell all my lady friends now. Haha
It's finally my turn. In less than 3 hours, I'm going to get #baked and #frosted and smothered in
She only took ONE hour 2 respond, in current dating time, that's most excellente! SKOL! Have fun out there watchin Rocky now!
a late congrats to my alma mater basketball team for advancing to NIT semifinals. Considering MSG tix.
Friendship needs no words--it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. Dag Hammarskjold
damn bowl jackers
love my nigga u da only nigga n the city that rep for a nigga
Playing a whole set at worship tonight!stoked!:) HE>i
thanks and looking forward to making those yeast pancakes this weekend!
Yup, it's been a busy two weeks!! Christmas was great (except for the pea soup debacle). How about you? Happy New Year!
Sounds like you got the better end of the deal :)
Vince Young works out with Bills in bid for QB job - USA TODAY
O.. yummy
“From time to time, the tree of liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.”—Thomas Jefferson
Has anyone read book 2 yet?
Bum day for the writer is a good day for the writing; it will be better for all the anguish.
Wow - Book 2 in the Pampered Pets Mystery series "Get Fluffy" is $1.99 on Kobo AND Kindle!
Today isn't going well. I'm a mess. Can't seem to get my life together. Hope seeing a Broadway show tonight will make it all better
Follow me...Hope your doing well:)
veggie pizza<3
Mercy Corps Monday: Donating 5% of Total Sales each Monday from Open to Close (7am-5:30pm). Your support adds up!
Frameworks helped RT : #pii2012 : until recently, geoloc was 2 expensive 4 consumer products to mature. It's possible now.
Inside The Last TV Network Where Soap Operas Still Reign Supreme via
lmao oh marvin thanks for answerinnnnn kid :D
Hawaii gasoline prices drop
Is this new 90210 really still on the air? Amazing, and arrested development got canceled ;(
Where ever you go there is insperation you might not see it,but its there you just have to look a little closer. (:
NP. Let me know how things progress.
I'm like Mary Tyler Moore. Being all independent in the big city and shit.
I just wished someone would tell me everything will be okay:(
RT : Thanks for the RT and referral to Rachel. She's going to be a blast to work for.
nice car!! Would you take me for a spin in it?
Trying to decide if I can have my 2:00 conference call outside...
i'm home now sup
Oh hell naw...this lady next to me just wiped her boogers with her hand and touched my armrest.. Im dead..
~Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
. What is the point?
That's the point, my dear sister. I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
Funzio says gamers don't care about their #Facebook friends. They want to find the other gamers! #isa3 (via )
Gotta love a man in aviators!
Congratulations to Catherine Santana & Geraldine Ayap for winning their events today at the Pennsylvania Ballroom Scrimmage!
Ive seen it plently of times-others will throw u under the bus to cover their own ass....
Awh but I just realized u LOVE Seattle but are in AL! Take a month vacay!! Haha Or just stick w/ the online course & life book!
drunk on love !!!
This Memorial Day, we honor the dedication, commitment and sacrifice of all those who fight for freedom and protect our country.
RT if you've been here since' shoot us down'! Mahomies know what this means!!:D
Feel free to take it for yourself! I don't like it.
Learning and laughing in the GoogleEarth session #AIMSTech12 You're a natural dude! What's your twitter handle?
Hey everyone! Just a reminder that ticket prices will increase on September 1st - get them at the discounted price before it's too late!!
Hey Nick, I am writer for ESPN Boston. Wondering if you'd be available for a Boston Marathon Q&A in next couple days.
RT : bitches think they know what sus is....
“Page or post not found.”
Sometimes you have to just let go and let karma take over.
Strange logic: the more people there are in the library, the quieter it is.
Jim Henson, Bruce Lee and Robert B. Parker. Sigh...
dont ever say that!
Chilling inside universal studio. Private event.
“The secret to good friends is no secret to you” - fortune cookie :3
I saw a bluebird, goldfinches, and cardinals today . . . I am lucky.
I cannot believe that STL is on the verge of a sweep. LA is turning out to be formidable.
Gloves are off! lol RT : Oh, fight, re: the #Browns, between and ! Keep it clean, fellas!
1st work week of the new year! Good luck everyone.
At the with friends :)
It's okay, the senior citizen's time is almost up any way. So go ahead, do him/her the favor and make it shorter. ^_^
So ready to wreck the hullabaloo out of A&M. WRECK EM TECH!
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
thanks. i hope so soon because i want to play volleyball!!!
Nice pick-6 !
what kind of chicken are you using?! Chicken of the Sea?!
why not ):
Brio Upper East Side Fish Special, Grilled Chilean Sea Bass, Sweet Potatoes, and Baby french beans...Buon Appetito!
xdmp:encoding-language-detect() is a pretty cool function
~ This sounds like fun! May have to check it out! :)
There's a Big difference between knowin somthin's gona happen...n it actually happening!¡!
Access isn't just about making it available. That's going to be my focus this summer.
Beautiful finally in New England.
Yeah me too.
So you are no longer banging your head on your desk. Good.
watching monsters Inc. and Akward :P flipping back and forthh... #MikeLazowski (: <3
Made scramble eggs with three simple ingredients. Paprika, pepper,and parsley. Delicious.
o Jaded Chain
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Hope you can join us at Battle of Atlanta June 17-18 featuring Sport Jiu Jitsu and grappling divisions. www.battleofatlanta.info
When will be back in LA?
Those costs vary depending on the product and quantity. Email and we'll give you a quote.
"You know what, Evian? You should be really embarrassed because your parents named you after bottled water"
I like my tea unsweetened.
Belated thanks for the #FF love!
When is the last time you Jagimoed??
but think of the parties I could throw.
o.. I fell asleep. This is only a deal if we have our R. Kelly listening session thingamabob
At first I thought your fight shorts said "Takedown." I'm bummed, because that would have been hilarious. :-)
it's going to be a busy day on the water tomorrow...
I do think that it does represent the true, true traditional culture.
"Don't tell your mother" I love how many times a day I hear this.
I think I lost a little respect for her fam. Are they desperate for attention? Goodness, just let Whitney rest in peace.
Introducing Xactly Incent 8.0 - new UI for territories, better dashboards and administrative capabilities, & more single sign ons
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide.. So I gotta leave here soon :/! I'm scared and I don't wanna do this.. But wish me luck anyway..
October 2009: I plan to attend the meeting on "Hello and beyond..."
That thought inspired by /latest Facebook post George Takei's assistant has put up with John Astin in it & a saying that inc. a swear word.
Need High quality custom graphic designs and printing services at a low cost? Email
OMG So adorable!
How is this even a question. Tony Romo is not a top 15 QB let alone top 10. I could reel off a bunch of names id take over Romo. Stay tuned.
Charles Schwartzel may have won the #Masters but Jason Daly won the Hot Wife contest!
When HASMT and 30 fire trucks greet your flight as it comes back to O'Hare, there's nothing to worry about, right?
so did Lou create a twitter account yet? What is taking him so long... is cone and paul on board yet??
Fagget you sucked @ cine space in Hollywood just like your Asian daddy Akoi you cunt
Good Luck!!
Why can't I sleep in? Must try.
Been too busy with the agency to Twitter. Miss it, but love the contracts and royalties!
u be doin shows? U rap or somethin?
Hear hear! I think I'll treat this windy, dreary weather as inspiration to cook as well.
Will do!!
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
CONGRATS #fb #in : Join us on the roof to celebrate the BoothTag biz plan win at MU tonite! @ Cafe Benelux w/
I fucking love u, your hair, and your pants
Goodness man!
Help fight off the gloom at Berryline Fenway today by thinking summer! Watermelon topping available today! Limited time only!
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed what number of companies do not listen to their customers.
Sending Flowers? Ask florist not to leave on porch if it is too cold for florals.
Did you know that the #8 is associated with rebirth , resurrection , regeneration ?? JS8 the brand coming to #Atlanta #Atmosphere soon!
No. I prefer paperback. It's just the site I'm on has some short free reads. And sounds fun! :)
lol oh okay well thanks for puttin me on now i kno
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
5th time's the charm? thanks for coming!
Will you go up later, or is it time to truck along to OR?
Everything's red in my head. / In my head, everything's red. / I must have bled in my head. / I bled in my head now I'm dead. Clap clap.
Your Welcome And Thanks
I need a nap!
It's wierd that some countries are already in 2012 and others are still waiting..
One/two leg takedown and hip throw are just two of the throws taught at blue belt and brown belt respectively
Hey Allison, really cute profile pic! Love the dog in it. :D
YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE THIS
Do you know because I tell you so, or do you know, do you know. -Gertrude Stein
B*tch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter on any order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
Love my new phone!!
Let's go cubbies.
ESPN: "So, how will Coples affect Tim Tebow this season??"
Wondering how I could be in a music video...
CARDS WIN!!! CARDS WIN!!! CARDS WIN!!! LET'S CELEBRATE!!!!!!!
Currently building pools on 14th Street, Dunleer Drive, Manning Avenue, Deep Dell Place, Sutton Street, Embury Street, San Lorenzo, & more
Goodnight lovely followers! Sweet dreams,, xx (:
My daughters and I are voting for aka Jessica Sanchez again tonight... What about you?
Yeah, my understanding is OS developers (Apple, Microsoft) don't want the browser (i.e. web apps) to replace desktop software. $$$
Half a BILLION dollars for Friday's lottery!? Chances of winning are 1 in 176,000,000. Good luck!
When life gets real, people either step up or step off.
Good day tweets! Hope everyone is good.
I would Like to re-hire your company for the Midwest Showcase...it may get moved to August
#TwSIG Using for ambient office hours. (virtual). 60 inspiring examples of twitter in the classroom. Pop Quizzes on twitter count extra!
I can imagine that was a sight to see
Hey Kim, you #naysayer. Still #blakelisted? ;)
[Time flies when you're having fun!] RT : 3 years?! Thats a long time.
then beat up the beat after the nap?
u n ur retweets. My mommy omes today. U guys wil b out here tmr?
Breakfast of Champions!
if you know a venue, let me know and I'll try and get up there with I've never touted Iowa :)
Maybe "Whole-grain crunchies" or "fiber bombs" were taken as cereal names RT: What's the deal with Grape Nuts?...
Fuck me. No really, my body is ready.
The healthiest response to life is joy.
Gio gone, Bailey gone, Hammer Gone, I hope that and stay, they the homies. #Athletics to the World Series next year
Enjoyed seeing UK playing at Memorial but would have liked to have seen how full Rupp would get for an NIT game.
hope to network with you when I move to Cali in 2 months! thanks for following
Ha This Just Made My Night.." The Only Reason Yo Name Is Trey Starsz Is Becuss Trey Songz Was Taken " Cuso Got Me Weak :D
o ur a keeper...
-.- girl if you don't txt me I will cut u
Only thing we have on is the radio oh let it play
lmfao the truth hurts doesnt it bitch (;
I like home cooked food..I dont eat out a lot cause I cook..
As I said the other night, for Mizzou fans, membership in the #SEC for all intents and purposes starts tonight.
then put down the pipe!!
Jersey time!!
Thanks - I feel better about going home after dinner to work more.
Composer & bass clarinetist Michael Lowenstern playing on tonight at the Windup Space. 8 PM. Should be awesome.
Today I'm going to focus on 3 things: HOMEWORK, STUDYING, and SHOPPING FOR MAKE-UP!!!! I'm in need of a new moisturizer...
I've missed you mr. Wide open spaces! Good to see till the earth drops off!
or they're aliens. Prolly aliens.
They must be holdovers from Northwest since their baggage handlers were always notoriously slow!
treats await when presentation wraps. mugs & coffee with new tag line being distributed now.
So nice out, bout to go pop & lock it over at Col. Sumners park with the other thugs.
Just cruising the web and reading some news - going to the bike shop soon.
Happy Mother's Day!Being a mom is so amazing.I am truly blessed God picked us to have an Autistic son, I am lucky.He is the most amazing boy
think its just a storyline buddy
On the road picking up my posters and some mo ishhh!!!
Haven't even heard of it, other than the song by Tenacious D.
anyone will be fine. Thanks. I already saw it om your website. Thank you for the exposure.
Homie you got it backwards, your dipping your soup inside your crackers.
The Sports Freak picked Miami to rep the East in the Finals, but hes got a feeling this MIA-BOS series is still not over. We'll see.
Thanks to all the folks representing UNM at the capitol today, including &
So excited that fat bitch got another job so pretty soon I don't have to worry about having to look at that ugly man face when I tan :)
me too lmfao! i was so young!
Poetry is the worst. Oops. Autocorrect. I meant YOUR poetry is the worst.
First...D-trix don't test me! Hahahh oh how I love
you know you have no friends when you want to do stuff but realize you have no one to do it with
For some reason I even love his lil chicken scratch handwriting. Lol
No I kinda stopped cuzz of work :l I miss it tho :D
Man thank you for the support!
thank you young lady
ya but I think he would be a little upset if If put a sign up saying napping in the babysitting room. help yourself.
being a smart ass:)
True, that's why so many hearts get broken..
o my apologies! I thought u were scheduled 2 appear on ABC (WLS) Jobs Week in Feb; our CEO will be on 2 and wanted to connect.
'Cause us together Is always perfect And even through long distances And drawn out time I know that you'll always be mine,"-City Lights
No need to be sorry :)
that ain't a no lmao
Your votes mean so much to me
favorite genre? Sci-fi/ fantasy...if i have to choose!
I actually have that dress.
Pretty horses on TV!
I'm aware of our standing. Don't act like a hardass because you patrol the NHL site like a bad amateur porn site.
#Portlandia you get me every time
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD
lol i lost my phone. Those calls from Carbondale you mean?
hella man car
I'm actually sad right now...
London's first celebrities: Celebrity isn't a recent concept. Jerry White remembers the moneyed glitterati and a..
- Why pretend to be sensible?
Big thanks as always :)
Any hint on season 5
Google Fusion Tables. wow.
We're ready, , , and We've put down the brunching sheets.
Would love to see what you write, even though I'm not in charge of EPA's social media.
Paganini still a great great teacher could spend all day on any one capriccio !
Buckeye fans can easily blame Bauserman. As bad as he was, what happened to the defense?
Though my WIP is out with critique partner, I cannot sit idle. Time for WIP
Thanks! Am healing very well. Swimming tons, hoping for cycling approval tom after xray; possible running in 2 weeks!!
Yum! Speaking of pickles, you should try the sour beers at Upright Brewing in Portland. So good!
I love radio stations!! <3 (and some hosts) ;)
D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
UndoIDTheft (UndoIDTheft) thanks for the follow.
Thanks to for rescuing an otherwise crappy sports day. Eastern Conference Champs!
RIP one of he greatest music artists ever to live
People may say stuff about you that's hurtful. But don't let them bring you down. Remember, all the things just make you much stronger.
Good news: management's working 2x as hard on the Beavers, and trying to find a place to put them in PDX area in 2012, as on Timbers
well... not directly, at this exact moment.. ! whats your IG name we'll follow as soon as were on!
Commercially, the beer is available yet. But we still homebrew a ton! Any weekend at Mikes would work...
Alex's brother called the melting pot the dipping cup. Lol
Not sure the dates, but they did the Fox Theater in ATL that month. Outrageous
No telling what we could have been
go to mcfaddens they got a ton of road beef good game tonight
Happy birthday to our creative director, !
how so?
#fatindiebands June of 44x32 (See what I did there?)
You Finnaly Followed Me haha #it's
So listen when your heart skips a beat.
Already received some cookies in the mail! Pressure is on!!! I can't decide which cookies to swap!!!
Yes m'am
No one said you can't be afraid. You just can't let it stop you.
: naw I jusy like they music I wrote a 15 min versr for it but I want my own beat fo it simiular to bring people back
Goin home now well that was fun but now I don't. Know what to do lol... movies? Shopping? Idk hmu...!!!
Must Watch: 12 Awesome Social Media Tutorials
Gym done! Got my two a day in. Motivated!
“: coming to SD this weekend coming. Seeing the cirque show Totem next Friday. You around?” very likely :)
#3WordsForYou Lick. My. Balls.
I thought that same thing when I woke up today!
Thanks! You are ever so kind!
What's up with price of Gas going up so much today?
I don't get yet. Working on it though.
To be fair, the interim commish doesn't seem to know much
I Feel U. hit me in the am then, i got beats, studio, lyrics all dat lol. just hit me broyo
#wma2011 The hour that the ship(s) come in: mentorship/authorship/scholarship are vital to supporting contemporary art(ists) and ideas
"Complacencies of the peignoir"? How about "crying of a hungry cat outside my bedroom door?" My
If you're missing your phone, please visit the front desk in the lobby. Hotel security has it!
a gentleman doesn't discuss those details :)
Todays Specials: Camp Rock, iGo To Japan & Phineas And Ferb: Across the Second Dimension.
Great lunch take out from Quality Meat this afternoon.
#HappyNewYear everyone! Enjoy and make it the best yet! #2012!
It hasn't sank in all the way yet. When it does... Watch ya backs! I'm about to cry...
Going to school. Big fight in the morning. GI and no GI!
Starting March 12, 2012, taxpayers will be able to request an Installment Agreement through the IVR system by calling 800.689.4776.
Feel good. (:
By the way, I think is gorgeous.
what mile is that? how is she doing? what is her ETOC??
you are so sweet!! and right back at ya!!:)
Would love to connect and learn more about what ur doing w/ startups
RT : If you can't be 100% committed to the relationship, do not even start.
S/O to the seniors who graduating today .
Vans of the wall.
for breakfast with my family♡!!! ツ
No 💤 for the wicked he he he
just delivered a Volt for me to try out for three days. Got any questions about it? I'm excited to experience the
When's the next music video!!! haha the next one will be
Practice today was actually pretty fun.
Then don't wear em haha
Ew. There's school tomorrow.
LOL! It's okay.
Yeah all those "it" boys of the early '90s were in the sequel - Slater, Getty. I think I'm a bigger fan of the first.
Awesome - I will have to check it out sometime! Thanks! :D
Without google translate I would be failing French lol.
Rec'd our tangerines yesterday, they are AMAZING, best we've ever had!!! This will be an annual tradition for us now!
My pleasure. Great post and you have me wanting to visit Oregon sooner rather than later!
the stl knows no bounds! bring ur beantown azz here again n we will show u lots of love! #thatsallicansay lol ;)
Facebook is for friends who have become strangers. Twitter is for strangers who should become friends. Now u know our secret.
Times like this when im hungry but don't know what to eat.... frustrates me! Lol
thats cool,no pics w/me...
Close it out!
on the phone with my best friends Jessy and Ben!!! I TOTALLY MISS THEIR FACES:(
Do or die for my Bulls.
3rd book and new brand site avail soon! Support the REVEL IN brand
class discussion was like pulling teeth... I kept telling them I felt like I was in the movie Ferris Bueller... they didn't laugh...
Learned about relationships in math. A working relationship only includes two people, haha, if only other people would realize that...
too wong foo isn't funny, nobody wants to see John L. and Patrick Swayze in drag lol
push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo
Follow Me Please
"Retired", Sis Webb helped staff St John Hospice, the 1st African American owned hospice in the US. I'm blessed I can serve the Lord this AM
I will at Miss you!! RT: Save me a copy! I knew you before you were famous ;)
“: . Do you see parallels between and ?” Haircut and humor.
Abdelkader scored for the Wings against Kings. 3-1 Detroit
Na$ri could have started every game at Arsenal and flourished if he wanted. No apologies here.
Upper a&b smells like fish
I do and I will check it out. Thanks!
Who? RT : ARI QB John Skelton expected to start Saturday vs. Cincinnati while Kevin Kolb continues recovering from concussion
I gotta crumb in my shoe
So the grout repair peeps who originally told me it'd be 3mo b4 they could fulfill my Angie's Deal called today. I'll be getting in sooner.
Dang it
This paper is going to be the death of me..
And if folks truly appreciated the military, they'd stop voting for candidates who send them to unnecessary wars.
": we're making the most bizarre record in history. But it's the bestest #song6" we sure are...
Best Buy chairman Schulze out in CEO scandal; Dunn to get $6.6 million: From a single stereo shop founded in St. Paul in 1966, Schulz...
About to kick this exam's butt
you're adorable. 😘 Yes, that sounds wonderful from a beautiful girl like yourself. ❤
I use my new (vintage) Chemex every morning. Thanks to and , I got a MAD deal on that puppy
someone told me that is was yours and Selena's 1 year anniversary. Not sure if its true. But if it is, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!! <3
Morning wood all
for sign up or inquiries on the hottest indie artist showcase in the region
I will have a trivia question for everyone at 11am central, who's ready to win a prize??
My bus is probably the most annoying thing ever
RT : Chaparral high school has just opened their head coaching job. This will be the 4th coach in less than a year.
We share this concern on the strategy team. Also balancing that with a desire to keep the conversation going
Happy SEO Sunday!
What the hell? Really?
"I like that movie 'Dragon Lady.'" My dad talking about The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
slurps come coffee, flings hair back, tosses empty cup over shoulder and heads into an awesome day with sass and style
He once tore his abdominal wall. He need to get shots in the groin area.
RT : "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Abraham...
Alan- i just shot you an e-mail about this. Thanks for letting us know!
Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St. Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St. Menu is amazing.
I am no longer a member of Deathtrap America. For now I'm going to enjoy the silence and take some much needed time off. - Fred
is bad on the low
I think Fight Club might have to become a late-night pre-derby tradition.
Waiting in line to see Larry McMurtry at
Redesigning my website. Needs a new look. Anybody have any good suggestions?
I shouldn't have stayed up all night. I feel tired as hell. I thought my hat was my pants at first is how tired I am lol
The racialization of Christianity distorts Christianity while promoting a distorted theological anthropology that is based on solipsism.
u got the same line?
I'm totally helping the Pack. Touchdown!
Lmao Happy Tax day is trending!
Well her friend John and his gf died last night :/ Im trying to calm her. I hate seeing her cry. It breaks me </3
Night game!
I'm sure he will. That is one determined kid! He just needs to be smart about cuz JP can be an evil dude to say the least
happy birthday
Oh my goodness! Sorry to hear that. Jeeze, the PR industry really is THAT tough.
hello world.
have fun on tour guys... Kill it!!!!!!
but I respect ur position I just can not indorse it, sorry I see ppl hungry and hurting. #vote2012 may the better man win!
2nd half lets go! Play for your life!!!
watching a christmas movie theres a really cute dude in it(; haha
Serving up signature Pulse-tini's at our launch party 5/31 oh yeah!!
shout out to all my fellow Haitian people, I have a lot of love.
#20factsaboutme 16. I have my own personality and it's unique
Get it from your mustache in glue it to your edges bitch!
Celebration Academy in Livermore, ca. I don't have a reel but my acting class is on camera, I could send u a scene?
C'mon #Badgers. Let's rally and work some last minute magic!
I dunno! It's chronic! I have had it for a month now an smoking and cold drinks make it bad as fuck and it's contagious :(
so u not gone follow me?
Ahh it seems like every month there are problems with Sallie Mae, I have not yet had one good experience with them -- the worst!
When the music changes, so does the dance
looking back & wondering where it all went wrong.
We wanna see on a longboard. How bout it Matt?
Nice work guys..I look forward to hearing more from You!
we have some customers in town from South Dakota. We are sending them to the awesome event you are having this evening!
In listening range of WPKN in Bridgeport CT? I'll be talking housing obsession tomorrow at 10:30am on The Binnie Klein Show.
I'm voting 4
Mayor says we are the job producing capital of the nation and cites stats.
It was really great to finally meet you tonight! & awesome talking to you! Hope to see you around soon (:
Dafaq why is traffic backed up all the way to my house?
Wow. brought the whole family this time for #lotCleaning . She's a woman of her word. Did I miss the family dog?
Barefoot #Books focuses on the #environment, joins with - a company who helps publishers and book buyers to be green!...
"How bad do you want it, how do you want to be remembered?" Always remember that. Give it your best no matter what your doing.
For my birthday, I want all of all time low to wish me a happy birthday.
Fak, my deck got soaked by a leaky water bottle. Time to air it out and pray to the drying gods.
Win 2 tickets to Ann with Holland Taylor Tues, Nov 15 at 7:30pm - RT this by tom at 12pm to enter. Winners chosen at random.
HAPPY #PI DAY! We could go for some apple...or blueberry...or key lime.
lol ok.. do me a favor?!:D
aren't you just adorable :-)
Whats right is right! And whats wrong is wrong! Justice for
Is there anyone around you that will start one?! I agree though, I love my band and all the dudes in it so much
At the end they had 2 grease elvis down 2 fit him in this clothes...like tryin 2 fit a pig in2 a coke bottle
": RT Someone influential needs to start the #unfollownba campaign. easy to do and sends a message." Do it. Do It NOW!
If PM doesn't sign in Denver he is screwing us in free agency, if he goes elsewhere I will BOO him lol
Thanks! Much appreciated! I'm going to do it!
have yu eer seen a ugly azz girl with a baby and ever wondered who hit that shit???
I <3 Wizkhalifa but he's entirely TOO SKINNY haha Amber Rose tripped out on that
I can never have anything or anyone...
Person above dis tweet is
It's First Friday! Come out tonight & jam To The Neo-Soul Sounds of --Free Show Starts at 8pm!
Crazy for You was awesome! Congrats to everyone involved!
Now I just have to buy a new otter box because I lost my other one!! :(
both. Up trying to get back to sleep
Nice to see town filling up with #Ironman athletes! Race is just one week from today.
I hate when I find someone attractive you have to talk to them.
has stalker tendencies...
o foreal what u going to do for ur b- day
S/O to all the knicks fans who just realized that they are still down in the series and that the next game is in Miami.
Man I hate this hot weather
Looking for someone to host your next event? is Amazing! Host for the Wendy Williams Show & Untouchable Events Ent company
it is
duh, I'm SUCH AN IDIOT
Good luck this weekend!
I don't care what the haters say, I love Shaq on Inside the NBA. I would also rewatch Kazaam. So there's that.
can't you find a way to see her? like have her hang with one of your friends & then you go too?
perishable goods delivered! Maine lobsters in Austin Texas=BOOM
I will follow you til the end of time #TrueLove is it really real
thanks! I love writing, reading, reviewing books, interviewing authors, literary fiction & memoir...
Chipper Jones or Kubel for UTIL?
follow back
RT : MSC CEO with strong statement to TA's regarding direct sales as a challenge "be better at closing your sales"
your welcome!:)
'All the other kids with the pumped up kicks better run, better run, faster than my bullet' foster kids. Now those r sum strong lyrics.
Merry Christmas to all our friends. Look forward to seeing you in the New Year
Do you get that I don't watch TV programs, just the commercials?
Don't forget today's Spicy Chicken Mole and Chipotle Sweet Potato Chowder...yum yum!
So who's taking care of Miss Bliss while she's down? :-)
Is there an equivalent focused on wine or whiskey?
If you tryna reach me hit my jack frm now on...
Geeking out tonite in the stacks prepping for a presentation to SXSWers interested in "Infinite Jest and the Internet"
photographing one!
happy to do it.
A friend since junior high died today of ovarian cancer, a true silent killer. We will all miss you, Connie. She soars now, beyond stars.
And you. #MaytheFourth Be with You
Time to go get this workout in!
oh you good for now if I think of something ill let you know
,,.follow me so we can talk
welcome to the BAmily!
RT ": I wish I was photogenic #weirdlookingguyproblems" Don't you mean
:') aww niggie that's so cute .
not yet, but we'll post it online soon. How have you been?
Kevin Spacey rocked at Theatre Wash's Drama Prom! Congrats to Mitch Hebert, Michael Babbitt & shout out to Daniel McLean Wagner.
It's been a long week but I'll be closing it out w/ some crafty #cocktails 2nite. After that, I'll be sleeping til Tuesday.
How do you vote? Text "107350" to 73774. Takes just a second! Retweet and vote now!
Lights. Camera. More lighting please - Reggie Stuyvesant
"Why does he use your shampoo and conditioner... Isnt he like black? Dont they have a different kind for their hair?"
Nice to meet you at 's amazing event!!!
Hey Vinnie please where is the proof of Motive, Intent Lying does not prove murder you were a prosecutor.
What a awesome Monday so far in God...I used to dread Monday's, but the joy of the Lord changed all that.
Reality: I'm an open book for a reason... But that doesn't make it easy...
Watching Lock Up with my dad. I am so freaking tired. My eye balls are burning worse than they were before.
Jackpot, I get Taco Bell for dinner. This is the last time I'll be eating fast food for a month.
what's that thing when your leg falls asleep and you also hate the entire world?
twitter driving u crazy right ?!
Spent my evening off at Trombone Shorty's UNBELIEVABLE show. An experience I won't soon forget! Unbelievable!
Ha! RT : If at first you don't succeed, then maybe you should do it the way I told you to in the beginning.
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own. Peter Anderson
Sexiest server
Rev. Wilson was 25 when he saw "zombie-like" people in the camp. As a chaplain, he led worship services for the Survivors.
RT : getting a membership was the best thing I ever did! I look fwd to me time now!
hahaha no I haven't done that. Not on twitter anyway. Phone contacts may have gotten some photo though >.>
Doughnuts are as good as currency in the newsroom. We know how to prioritize.
i really want a slur-pee haha its really cold outside.
is tired from choregraphing some dances... :)
thanks pal. It has TRULY been an amazing run. Let's keep the dream running:). Thanks for everything
If not, it's perfectly fine to politely tell them enough is enough. Remind him he's healthy, but its time to go about the day.
fedoras. never cool.
Good ideas for those who love to travel. RT Vicarious #Travel: How to Make the Most Out of Other People’s Travels bit.ly/othbr5
Want to help a homeless child? Giving an hour or two a week can make a big impact! Email to help!
just ask her why I'm her last gay standing lmao
I bet!! Is that your church home?
Looking forward to all the great events during Cougar Week in Spokane
what's worse us missing you? Or us going through the pain of seeing your ugliness every day? /:
YOU were my FAVORITE #Oscar moment!!! So happy for you. Well deserved. Cheers!
December is going to be a busy month for us. Come to our The Camel show on 12/18 for a very exciting announcement.
I know right! It would :D I wish I could meet IM5 :) <3
I dig your new iPhone app! Glad you aren't trying to duplicate the functionality of your great desktop app.
- we're working on that right now!!!!!
thank u for RT.
media loves to hate the Bills. You support a team thick and thin.
Off to see and the Lucky Brand fashion show. Hoping that the normal Sat mall crowd will not make this a nightmare.
Either I'm having really bad cramps or I have to shit!
Top Pot is coming to Ballard in June. Hallelujah!
No. You yelled at maddie and I when you didn't even know what was going on. Then you called maddie bipolar which she isn't.
Other times they are BS.
I'm getting my next tattoo when I turn 18 :)
absolutely NO #datingAdviceCorner. it's the worst part of the show.
If he doesn’t trust you with other guys, chances are it’s cause of what he does when he’s with other girls.
i know omg. I feel so cool, yes. Do you ?
" The secret of man's success resides in his insight into the moods of people, and his tact in dealing with them."
It's all good. We love Sammy and so do most of our customers. Give him a chance, he'll grow on you :P Have a great day
Yes, please tell #Santa that I want an #iPad for Christmas.
Fans and downtown residents loved last night's fireworks from Busch Stadium after the game. I hope they do more Friday Night Fireworks!
you don't listen to her You don't care how it hurtsuntil you loose what you wanted, and you taken it for granted & all you had got destroyed
Griffin dunks on Pau again! RIDICULOUS!!!
Lovin Life,Killing shows,Dropping Singles,recording, meeting people,traveling and making an Amazing FUTURE for my family!! Jo-Wayne JTP
We're headed to NAB in Las Vegas next week. Then it's home to finish up the last few bits we have to shoot on The Red Rider! Woohoo!
"I'm really just annoyed that the fucker is stealing my goddamn cake."
Great game Nationals who beat Cincinnati Reds first game I attended and they won. Steak and Shack great hot dogs, fries and chocolate shake
Go NY Rangers!!!
Sir, ur not alone & ur not invisible. Please stop digging in ur nose. I'm starting to get sick.
Oh, I've had The Moonstone on my list forever! And The Woman In White--which do you like better?
Wow! Crazy gorgeous...you look amazing.
You know its a good evening when you unexpectedly end up at
hahah I know one hand on the door then the other on his bottle aha
Wish I had a rack
good morning Austin... You seem to not notice me.. If you notice me, will you follow me? ((: pwease?? (:
- I heard Chuck Norris is looking for a day job ! Jack Bauer could be his sidekick in the stupid outfit.
Life is GOOD #3WordsForYou :)
