lets go! Where are you?
I am too positive to be doubtful. Too optimistic to be fearful. And too determined to be defeated.
School needs to be over
keith AT artistlink dot biz
yes, but have it back now for a little while. ;)
Not really sure how I feel about Elway being de facto GM. Only been in FO for little over a year now. Xanders was there to help check him.
MSDT comin' at ya from twitter!
Getting out of bath, smoking, going to bed!
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
Blake Griffin's Kia commercials are so dumb that it's laugh out loud funny. Would love to be on that production crew.
The true measure of a friend isn’t how they behave when things are good, but how they behave when things are otherwise
Haha you would talk about ninjas and saving the whales and people coming after you... made my damn night every night lol
If you could take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Bright Dwight.
The Boyz Always Cracking Me Up With There Humor On The Interviews. >>>
I dont care if u judge me , just pay me son.
Happy Valentine's day from us here @ JEZ
honestly, banshee is a more popular super hero than superman will EVER be
The worst RT: I Swear I Should've Stayed My Ass Home, Next Class Doesnt Start Til 3pm
damn his head is bigger than barry bonds
Glad to do it!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
He has to try to woo the Paul camp who are hard core to win and frankly so does whoever wins the GOP nomination
dog played w/ a squad called The Bray Center. Its a rec center down there. Them dudes competed. Tough cats.
I don't care 😌 here's the fucks I give......
Anybody heading to Off The Grid in SF tonight? The team is going to devour some food from trucks after a long week!
I just climbed to the top of a mountain!!!!!
#sca2012 Others are improving and correcting NARA metadata for images in Wikipedia articles. More experts out there than in-house anywhere.
Ballard has stormed back to make it a game. 3:05 left to play, Scott County's lead cut to 41-35.
I don't know if someone's car alarm is going off outside or what is going on, but it's about to drive me insane...
~>I dislike this...
Kill Bill ^_^
ONE MONTH!
Also: in relation to every tweet I've tweeted tonight I am fully aware
Chula Vista is so proud of you, !
Missing my bro. He always spitting the truth! #FreeSlickRick #A.K.A SoSo!
Favorite Monkees B-Side? "(I'm Not Your) Stepping Stone." Punk- before its time--almost!
Somebody get those effen boots off Madonna! They are killing her act!
It's IPA FRIDAY with Specials all day. Do you know were IPA comes from? It's not from a stork, we already googled that..
Nats GM Mike Rizzo on calls Cole Hamels throwing at B. Harper (the chosen one) "gutless, chicken shit move" "fake-tough" haha
Soo... Is it May 9th yet?
Maybe if my iPad unfreezes!
lol I'm anxious to c u bitch lol
"Awareness without action is worthless."~Phil McGraw
#letstalkiphone iphone 4S news...cool features, but doesn't make me want to buy it. I'll just take the iOS5 upgrade
I'm fresh from my socks to my drawls!
Eating mixed nuts & wondering why no cashew or hazelnet pie. What's so special about the pecan that it gets its own pie?
RT : note to self: sponsor afternoon coffee next year
echoes of silence.
On the Benji diet today: diet coke, frs and a milkshake. My tummy hurts.
Seriously though. If anybody takes their mom to Hooters today for the free wings, PLEASE tell the internet how mom reacts.
Online through our website http:/shop.iheartballs.org
Chants of Let's Go Brewers at Wrigley #brewers v
I've never heard silence quite this loud.<3
i hurd it
Hey, if your boys play Baltimore in the Super Bowl, can you break Bernard Pollard in half? Please and thank you?
Please welcome my friend and speculative fiction writer to Twitter.
Music's crazy
"Spread The Word To " Awareness Day: A reminder not to use "retard" or "retarded" to describe others, objects or even yourself.
can't wait 2 network w/ others in the #digital content arena as it pertains to
People w/ no roots in the community have no responsibility to it. fix=create path to roots and enforcement of path
Joining forces this week with to record some tracks for their new album! Exciting!
I am soo ready for Disneyland Friday
thank you! i graduate in Aug. 2 classes left, both online this summer :) what are your plans now?
RT Fine-Free Friday at San Diego Co libraries! Return any SDCL-owned material to any branch today, we will waive the fines
is in Kensington, looking out my hotel window on Wrights Lane at the EMI building, ah, the memories!!
a burglar and pleistocene mammoth tracks and prehistoric hearths. You've had an exciting day!
AE client! MT : Partnering with and to use social networking to drive consumer #energy efficiency.
#HappyMothersDay to all Mothers in #Heaven, on Earth, in #Spirit, or under ANY circumstances & #GodBlessYou! I'm off to enjoy my own day!
Try reaching out to Krystal individually, she should be able to help you find what you're looking for!
thank you for all your support I really appreciate it! :)
I need this day off.
you got the whole city. You bet get like Dora and start exploring..
Startled by my exclamation, "AWESOME", V thought we'd gotten the apartment. That was not it. China Mieville's Railsea is out.
Feeling so sick I wanna go home ASAP
I LOVE MONEY MORE THAN I LOVE MYSELF! DAMN!
" killing is my business ladies and bus-ness is god"
Are these the new episodes? I'm excited!
I love your music so much darling Its so wonderful (: I listen to it everyday ! (: Im even getting the BornThisWay Bikerjacket<3
Wish I could make it! Order Château d Saint Cosme Gigondas for
WEN U GET BEAT UP N YO FRIEND TRY N CHEER U UP BY SAYING IT WAS A TIE LOL
Buster Olney reports yes
Thank you. RT : I can truthfully say you guys have some of the best pizza from here to New York!
i got 1,000 followers today <3 . i love you guys :')
I deleted your FAKE brother !!!
This is some excellent wisdom!
GO RT MY LAST TWEET WITH THE BLOG TV LINK!!!!!! GOGOGOGOGOGO
Do the designers pick their music for their runway displays on #fashionstar?
Baby turn da lights off.... when I go down its a private party
i think its funny how used to say wack as hell and now he dick ridin him for a record deal, smh pathethic
RT : Coming up! Right Start report from the Kids Count in Michigan project will be released April 30.
Aww i forgot that sports banquet was tonight! Smh
Shout out to President Andrew Jackson. You took the sport of dueling to a whole new level.
RT : Video does not need to be professional quality. A simple flipcam or webcam 1 -3 minute video. #NMRealEstate Yes, keep it short
There is such immediacy in 's singing. The intensity is always enrapturing. He is a good man.
"when you get , give....when you learn...teach"
I've already been wearing big blue gear all week #BIGBLUEFRIDAY was already part of my plan!
I beleive that Phoenix is one of the toughest mile tracks around..
Figuring out why art school lacked business class: A) No one will pay you on time & B) IF you get paid, it'll probably go to the booze fund.
Got on Twitter just to check if anyone else felt the temblor! Thanks for the confirmation.
Good times at #tcamp12 thanks all, particularly and
Too many fake people and profiles out here...UGH!
When girls cry on me <<
This; if comp classes at rural comm college were like uni classes, I think Ss might be intimidated/discouraged.
OH, girl, I feel you. I just had to buy Ava a pair.
idk what to think about you...
Make decisions about future based on what you know now, not what you’ve already sunk.
We will be starting our webinar on LinkedIn strategies soon. Use #LIStrategy to live tweet!
Live with purpose and passion.
I WAS REALLY HOPING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT MY BOYS AND OMG PETROVIC!!!!!!!!!!
I thought you'd be pretty upset about the NBA Lockout. Don't worry. You can always watch college hoops to get your fix.
nice sign and cool shirt.
Omg shontee dawson got on some granny panties on an they up to her breast lol...im weak.
ShoutOut to some new followers
Did everyone see the new Facebook Page design? Option to 'Publish Now' - What will happen to tabs??
Portland, OR - #JOIN needs blankets/tarps/sleeping bags for the homeless population. Any help you could offer would offer these people hope!
be jealous! ;) haha but waiting for it to start is impossible!!!
Thanks for coming to Denver for Q and A. Loved the film
Clemson&#39;s Sammy Watkins Arrested for Marijuana Possession
I am so tired of being screwed over by Alltel.
lmao. I think Jewtown probably describes Brooklyn a little better ;)
Hey - regardless of the year's outcome. I would like to see a change in net and D. Move Crow and Keith. Conklin is UFA.
Thanks for the kind words & support! We're proud to align our efforts w/ your invaluable research on #highered outcomes.
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE that was seriously amazing. we are all so proud of you right now<3
RT please more followers friend good night
Now I'm thirsty! RT : guilty!
Brown pelicans rebounding, 2 years after Gulf oil spill
A few days ago, through a friend in L.A., you wished my ailing dad well. I told him and his eyes lit up! Thank you for that!
well i have a diffent twitter lol just take a wild guess lol i kinda lol just guess lol
It's hard to watch the Cowboys struggle this much.
It looks like wisteria.
Spent the entire day trying to get to Inbox 0. Was not successful.
haha its still early too... You should see launch weeks...
should make her own clothing line! she has an AMAZING sense of style!!! :)
Have found must give cat separate bowl of milk in order to eat my yogurt in peace.
Stop in and show the bartend this wall post and get your first shot on the house! Sunday Funday will NEVER be the same! 1/2 off starting @ 9
Have fun!
Wow that fight
#10FactsAboutMe I only work hard on things I love
RT : don't be careless with/ your words, 'cuz others will use/ them as a reason
three car crashes at west newton and Columbus (that I have seen) in last couple of weeks
Green Dot Rallies On Bullish Coverage
Yup. RT : UWM AD Rick Costello has resigned after short tenure. Should have hired Vince Sweeney when they had chance...
McCreerians since milwaukee
I'm here come back lol
Why expect me to call you, if you have nothing to say?
aww you guys are getting old!!!
it's WEDS! TIME TO Grab LUNCH(11AM-3PM) at THE SMILING MOOSE! DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
#FF #sales #training #leaders helping others drive results
I swear I will video tape myself throwing Frankenstein in a fucking fire and post it to youtube so every1 who feels the same way enjoys it.
Perhaps my previous complaint about caused them to flip the higher bandwidth switch. 100% improved now.
Whens the podcast going up?
Clooney & company gave $15 million to Obama. Huh... Life must be good amongst the rich elite in Hollywood.
that's affirmative
Not your ordinary Tex-Mex: New restaurant to feature the cuisine of ...
The thunder crowd looks sick!
he has inside jokes with complete strangers.
See our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!
the next 8 days
Seeing that one person, even if its just for 5 seconds, can still somehow make your whole day.
lol my nigga u know she do!!
I am So happy today was a successful event I want to say thankyou too all the vendors and curly, kinky, straight etc Divas that came :-)
Thoughts on creating: ~ A photo does not exist until I pull it out of the air.
Home from work
Thanks! So cute!
News 13 has learned that an APD Officer has shot and killed the chase suspect just north of I-40 on Laguna reservation.
On my way to #Lotusphere Hanging with Micky and the gang.
Styrofoam box held in place w/ the bone lock is how we riding canoes all summer on Lake St. Clair...
Work, work, play!
Awww okay, Sam. Have a nice night. :) <3
Easter season is a reminder to die to self and rise in spirit! Fear shrinks and Love expands. May you allow your blessings!
what will u major in?
Trading water for jobs: why one city dogged by unemployment thinks it will work...tonight on 12 News at 10.
hahaha, YES. We have no trees now though - LOL.
IN Quotes: "We ARE what we repeatedly do." - Aristotle
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: tomorrow bitches!!!!
It feels weird that I'm no longer shooting time lapse during every waking moment of my life...oh the intensity of productions past
ya im going to mcdonalds now. Say you love me for once D:
is in CO for the weekend. hit the cell
I'm happy for him obviously and definitely going to watch more 49ers games now.
well I hope it all pans out for you and you are happy. :-)
lol I know! It shouldn't have taken so long, but so long as it was within. I'll do better tho! Lol
hope you and all the museums on the East Coast make it through #Irene this weekend. Are you staying in WDC?
Got my atlas and mapping out my Route 66 trip. Yay!
Look, I den vented, ate some good pizza, rubbed one out, went to sleep woke up to the sun shining. And I still hate Cj Watson
Well , I'm back
Upgrade your Friday Pizza night with one of our savoury unique Pies! . Try our Baja Barbecue! Chicken breast marinated in a smoky bbq sauce,
So true RT People predicted 'global solution' in early 2011 RT : By time vikings hearing over could be 4-stadium bill
1st story appears in anthology titled "The Hope That Kills Us." I'm still trying to track down the 2nd.
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” -Andre Gide
Just saw a wedge of Locatelli at Zabar's for $186.17. Wow!
Damn, everyone's on their ish tonight.
I have heard it! It's great. Nice to hear from them again. We still need to catch up sometime, man.
Thanks, ! RT Wow! is killing it on stage at #southcoastwp jumping from the impress us segment to the hot seat!
2012 Southern California Theater Listings
The new Sherlock (on iPad app) already off to a great start & I've only just got to Alan Cummings's accent in the intro. Help.
Such a great weekend, the weathers awesome and it only seems right to end this weekend at the beach
how do I know what my twitter address is to give to people to follow?
have a safe trip home, it was great to meet you at
love your energy for a green planet ;-) keep the fight'
Well... You know, nothing you report is true until Darren Rovell confirms it. You may not want to get on his bad side.
one day my friend... saw pics of the childhood menu looked awesome.
blunted nephew .. Haha
Ahh our mouths are watering! Cheers!
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
Age does not protect you from love, but love, to some extent, protects you from age. Jeanne Moreau
yaaaay!! we're the same height now ♥:)
It's going to take 2 hours min for my box to render 6 minutes of video... Oiiii My next video will be stop motion animation dancing!
Watching 24 makes my hands clammy 😁😳👜🔫💣
(for Nick vid) Nick, Thank you for following your dreams because it inspires everyone else to do the same! Stay blessed!
Yes! Will catch you up on our fabulous JCPS. Project!
guess they told before they told carr
DON'T MISS OUT! Black Friday ACC Special! 3 day pass is only $25 Friday only if you come in to Tall Tales Comics 10-6 and buy your ticket.
Business is a good game - lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. ~ Nolan Bushnell
Love you! Happy mothers day!
4 months and something till my birthday! ;d
Making good decisions is one of the most important processes we go through make sure they line up with your goals and dreams!
Make your avg. pony "top knot"ch!! Pull hair into a high pony,spray tail w/ hairspray,& twist 'til it coils to the base.Secure ends w pins!
don't forget your HazMat suit next time you visit us at BE!
stop bitching about it when you're drunk on TWITTER and just do it.
new music from coming soon! "Think I'm Crazy" was a great record.
it's on my list to come and visit
RT Driving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton. ETA 11:12 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Fuck you lite skinned!RT : Highlight the night hanging out with and watching almost fall at the bar LMFAO
Your #Klout score has climbed too. How much since you first looked? They're gradually sussing out your social interaction, I bet
Just when the stars were lining up just right for a attendence surge, they put Badger game at the same time as
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Why do people watch sports on tv.
Nite tweet hearts <3 sweet dreams!
A special edition of The DeWitt Law Review: Casey on Trial coming up after the break. Give us a call with your questions at 1800-329-5858.
#21CRadio Q1 Here's a short article & infographic from about fans using technology at festivals. Which of these tools do you use?
I heard a reference to "barefoot activist" by the host of an NPR show last week.
I lov e. How people live when the song starts
Got my bike fixed today, it felt so good to be riding around earlier, especially in Evanston #np 'Polish Girl' Neon Indian
Go figure, I'm excited for the #2012NFLSchedule release!
Don't let your nerves get the best of you. Gain networking tips at the SIS Pre-Reception Networking Workshop tomorrow from 6-7pm in MGC 3
- Welcome Chase! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
text me
Good luck will try to catch the game,
Happy Monday! Enjoy MNF and apply Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the field for your own game!
i heard it when i played it. but the title had me thinking old school. ive actually sampled that beegees track. u should 2
Correct! Congrats, you're entered to win a $50 gift card. :) and I had a sweet tooth for
I think AC Slater had a picture of either Sting or Hulk Hogan in his locker.
Great time w/all my louievillians last night . Good to see you all again
stay North of Pioner Square...prob best to stay North of Burnside
You're right. I should speak in hushed tones ,use code or a foreign language. Although everyone understands "loco". Ay caramba! :)
Bankin them tips!
it's a curse...welcome to my world
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself."
delete...she an ex for a reason...you will find a better woman who appreciates you just be patient
Watch Tv
I wish you could see how much your hurting me. I cant handle it anymore
Congratulations!! Welcome to the world of Successful Internet Marketers!!
AZ Rocks! You know we are following!
I assume the "how to" tweet is on its way.
no but vidz r, pay attention. And u started tht conversation bout havanna tht day at wac
Also, once I do write something, should just email you a draft?
Check out these awesome tweeters this week! #FF HuntersUnknown
you shoulda been happy to have me !
A public wrestling match is the only way to decide this thing. GOP vs DFL in a royal rumble.
Yeah, your not kidding :-) I was panicked at first and then amazed they still worked..hope your son has a blast!
very true!
light-harvesting nanoparticles convert laser energy into “plasmonic nanobubbles,” inject drugs and genetic payloads into cancer cells
ACTUALLY DEAD.
Thanks CD Kirven for helping us make Gone! So close to our 1750 mark and YOU can help us achieve the dream!
#TheThingIHateMost waking up early for school...
Okay so i thinkk i got it now (:
(Justin) - Packers will continue to take care of business and beat Oakland. Jets WILL make the playoffs.
#NathanFletcher meeting with bicyclists in Old Town at 8 a.m. May or may not go for ride with them. But the man has a bike plan!
Get ready for the new school year. Make sure you have updated food allergy action plans and unexpired epipens.
GM Gabby. FB all times, but more at night & w/e. MT : SURVEY: Do you go on FB in AM, afternoon or PM? What about w/e vs weekday?
Black tie = blisters.
Went upstairs to take a sun break with and ended up making hot cocoa instead. Brrrr...
Ah soo confused!
Tobias & Christian, what groovy fellows. Soon we'll B recording. Keep tuned.
I am such a grade grubber, even though I have 100% in math I continue to do all the extra credit...
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
I need more Instagram followers .. ationalove <-------
you're killing me. About to get on an airplane foodless for hours. Mercy pls!
♬ August 23rd 1969 The man in Black the late great Johnny Cash was 4 wks at No.1 on U.S Country charts with "Johnny Cash at San Quentin" ♬
Don't have phone sex. You might get hearing aids.
metropolitan lanes. The old run & shoot
Just gets the order in at Wright's Dairy Rite. Corn dogs and a malted...
It's funny they call it a birkenbag cause BirkEnstocks are for hippies
women tweeting negative #notetofemales? a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
I hate mondays.
Heading over to the Hollywood Bowl to see Phillip Glass....
bIg ups to just stepped into the building!
Thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Turkey Day as well!
I'm not a babe and I'm not sure what "creeped oon" is, but I'm down!
Booty booty booty booty rockin errywhere nice work mr photographer ask and you shall receive haha
I Dont Know
Bout to take my booty home oh yeah overtime pays off great
Looking forward to watching #GoDucks Spring Game on DVR tonite..Sad that DT remains undrafted/unsigned but now we all know he HAD jump off
Hi Ben, would love to discuss something with you regarding Fat Bottom (very excited btw!) Any chance you could DM yr. email?
haha well thanks! #dowork tonight Claire!(:
he was reading at a store in brooklyn. sorry i missed it
please encourage your followers to follow 's VERY FIRST ARMY! <3 THANK YOU ! much love xx
Apologies the technical weirdness during Pirate Radio Portland last night - it's all fixed now and thanks to those who stuck around with us.
Keep on keepin' on with the 3DS! Geekdom rocks!!!
What is beyond that spot where sky and sea meet
I opened the lock found the missing key
Beliebers Are Here To Stay
Tip #172: If we are not prepared to be wrong we will not do anything original or creative.
Would you judge me if I wore a dangly earring on my fingernail? Just accessorizing, z'all.
EKU SBDC director attending today's Social Mobile Local meeting in Lexington.
At the fringes of Appalachia.
Going on my main. Bye.
Thanks for all you brought to the , you rule
let me know if is any good , Hey here you got a purple Raider tell him to hit me up , class of 84 Mount Union College.
No worries, sweetness! We do need to get together. I'll have you and over for dinner soon. :)
cant argue w that! :)
Well, aren't you having a productive day!
#YouKnowYouGotSomebodyMadWhen they avoid you.
Anne Curry's bright color-blocked jumpers are not doing her any favors in the Big Girl Anchor department. #newswomansweatersets were better
Ladies Day retreat - Slaughters KY Christian Church 10-2 Saturday March 12, 2011. Inspirational speakers and fellowship.
Good morning to the world hows everyone doing
On my way back to DCA! 2 margaritas deep and ready for a nap. #drunk flying
adorable! Can't wait for the bags :)
called #Turkey "one of the most valuable & proudest allies." What a joke! #JoeBiden is a turkey! #gop #tcot RT
My mother doesn't deserve to have fb cus she doesn't understand it. If I wasn't sick I'd of laughed hysterically at the letter she sent me.
Did I tag you? a sexis
I dont like it when leaves. Neither does
Use the recorder feature to record and save important meetings
“: Texting a person in the same room as me, then staring at them until they get it o_0”
thats it huh? We need to do something about that....
HOLLER AT MY HOMIES~
Leave that frutttttty smell for yer daughter!!!! These women have no taste in smell:/
hello world!
hope u enjoyed that pizza Haha :p
S/o to women wit nothin to show 4 life post naked pics n remind me dey single on fb "guess yaw plan on suckin di** til sum millions appear?"
After sleeping for 10 hours I suppose I should get out of bed and start celebrating #EarthDay in the rain! 🌻☔
ME! RT : Who wants a #salute on my show on this weekend?
Best wishes and have fun to everyone running the this morning!
They are often referred to as the backbone of the economy
"What bacon? The only damn bacon we got is baking soda!"
#HERESTOALL who hate it when someone is only nice because they want something.
can't be as hilly as galveston. Lol.
I realize there is no crying in baseball, but this is close.
so in english we pre-read romeo and juliet...... so we read it before we read it??
well we will see XD
Will you follow me? #AskAlex (:
Oomf gotta ass that can swallow up a g string
Oscars! So is Hugo really that awarding, or because Martin Scorsese is in the Academy?
i bet you were
and u had, Phil? Good laydwn for Jason?
SET FOLLOWS OFF to stop.
It's not as bad as it use to be... Check your email in 10. RT : Oh yeh, the American dollar sucks like bloody hell over here!!!
I hope so! I'll be at Japan, Portugal, the Mini runs, and Read In. I'm a slow runner but a quick reader.
HEY. Go LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!!! facebook.com/MissingInAlaska
you work too hard.
Have to admit I am just now getting around to this season of Jersey Shore, but what's a cooka?
Oh man. I'm failing here... It's right there on the tip of my brain... but all I can remember is countless games of Silkworm..
Need to meet up with and stat. STAT MEANS NOW PEOPLE (Dwight, The Office)
The word Christians;, only appears three times in the entire Bible; Acts 11:26, Acts 26:28, and 1 Peter 4:16
I feel gross at how excited I am for this. Im geekin' out on photoshop.
sorry to spam you but just trying to help make ' dream come true! Plz help! :D
I appreciate the shout out!
I always fall for that type of guy .. Uhm what ?
I wanna deep dish pizza lunchable.
remember in class you made yourself fall off the desk.
I just made a donation to because of the fantastic documentary last night on wildlife reclaiming the Chernobyl region.
Thank you for all the support
Hey Claudia, as a reputable resource, stop talking to yourself. You make no sense.
i just read the latest post. it's beautiful destruction. she's so snarky and I LOVE it
#Duke v #UNC Who ya got?
finally over! And we STILL have to wait *sigh*
Made a pact w/ myself that I will go to the gym post-work. No backing down.
"Pinkerton" by Weezer. The feedback, then the synth & drums on "Tired of Sex" it sets the tone for the whole album
Random late night tweet!
Good morning everyone! Getting ready for storms later today. Yipee! Love the tornado sirens!
RT : Damn, there's a playoff game on!? Nvm... its the Jazz nd Spurs *changes channel* <--- Manny doesn't like championship bball
odds are, you'll have fun. That's BS. I want my $2 back
Chicago is feelin' dope today
Harry, your gay)': ?
school in the morning... good things must come to an end
Its all fun and games until you realize your Capri Sun has no straw then stuff gets real.
haha good one! Probably ;)
When it rains, it pours
#704 what's going on tonight
Did you know we can make you a custom lip balm for you or your event? Get those creative juices flowing and let us know what you think!
Joseph Papp banned 8 yrs, that
How romantic!?
exactly you'll be a hialeah girl & dassit I don't have to be wasting my gas
goodnight sluts
Ha well all your guy friends are clearly retard Bond fans. He aint better then DC and Bronsen comes off full douche.
About what THIS 64 year old man looks like, cumming with a hard dick inside me.
& <3RT : My prayers are out to 's family <3 Spend every cherishing moment you can with her<3 Love you!
Love u baby I know ur moves are the best <3
damn you nailed it. But yeah. I mean it's funny but mean. Soo I want to publicly apologize to youu and lose the nickname
your on!! Only if we can bring - he be crazy with a cocktail or 6.
listening to taake in the daark :) #hellfest i am going to loose myself with you.
": Adam & Eve were light skin so is God." you made my morning wit this one lmao
Got a B on my theology quiz and I told my professor to recheck that. I have to sound out the word to even spell theology
I'm very happy to hear that that Gruden is staying in the booth. He brings amazing insight to the game.
Thanks! See you both there.
It's an interesting view -- but PPC can act be a quick band-aid for traffic on newly developed sites.
*I'm in a river*
which is good since I hopped a flight from Seattle for this!
always over delivers.
I noticed that too. maybe we should put out hawk food in the feeder instead?
I would, but I'm at my parents' house. They are watching a reality show tv marathon. :/
isn't it funny, life goes on even w/o Twitter? lol
Prom tonight!
got you!!
Just saw some dude wipe out on his motorcycle on Dixie Hwy.
It's Friday. What's the plan, Stan?
: Don't forget to vote. :)
Absolutely right! RT : Home Builders…the most important online real estate to acquire is the front page of Google.
Good :) idek what winter feels like anymore haha
- you don't need to run faster then the bear, just run faster then Dirk & Brian!
#kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Toddler storytime will engage young children through stories,...
Such a great feeling! Wearing clothes that didn't used to fit!
Snuggled with my kitty all night. He never snuggles me when I sleep cuz I move around so much so it was the best thing ever! Oh kitty love..
Keeping positive! Many challanges in my life.. good and bad. making me stronger every day... I 've learned not to regret most of my choices.
I feel you, I'm happy to hear it more too. Lotta house DJ's always hated until it became "cool"
WMYB on Glee
I'll just say this but Viola Davis shouldve won. Didn't this happened in 2008 when Rourke lost to Sean Penn?!
Life would be so simple if babies came from stork angels who dropped them off on our doorstep.
Realizing how much I have to get done before the end of the semester
hahaha oh yes & guess what... biebers doing a tour in the USA
Agree. This article reflects WELL on Obama. Most in BOS-DC corridor think opposite but rest of USA likes that O isn't insider
Ahh RT : Hey Wisconsin, what are the two things we hold dear around here? Today's weather makes me want both.
oh...and I might buy the nikon d 5000...watever....we have it here at work.....I could get it for like $400....
Howard Zinn just passed away due to a heart attack in Santa Monica, CA.
iM sO bOrEd!!!! tExT mE sOmEoNe aSaP!!
I will spend my Mother's Day, in part, helping 1 of my kids finish a big school project that's due Monday. Thx Mrs. M for such lovely timing
Anyone can get dressed up and glamorous but it is how people dress in their days off that are the most intriguing.
Being a virgin isnt always what its cracked up to be
cheese cake.
This is gonna be Big
Everyone in traffic looked like they had a huge case of the Mondays #isitfridayyet?
Some people are like clouds. And when they disappear, it's a brighter day.
ok let's make this happen. I'm starving!
Thanks Kristen! It's a great story, good coverage. Ends with a punch!
PICK ME for AVRIL A MEDIUM WHITE WHAT THE HELL TEE! <3
#oomf told me ol girl talks shit about her behind her back n yet she still friends wit her smh
"Don't be a consumer be a producer!" That's right #SamReed says it like it is "kids need to be empowered and engaged"
that would scare the poo out of me
"One can be a very caring and generous person and still accumulate a lot of shoes." Paula M Cohen
Head hunters ❤
"Addicted to dirty bitches" :P
good luck
The picture of her belly button being pierced. Christina Murphy was commenting on it and i liked her comments. She deleted us
#WhenTwitterWasDown, i was actually writing, and scandalously did not notice. i feel cheated now.
NYC judge allows IMF alleged perv bail providing he stays house detention with his wife. Ouch. Ouch!
Heat one.
is going around telling people that you're really 46
Early meetings are the worst on cold snowy mornings. But at least I have a window view of the pretty snow!
Glad the show went well for #PennAW & #PennLawReunion! RT Great show at UPenn Law for &
Today begins week one of another round of #P90X. Chest and back workout.
I love being Unique. that's why My fashion business name is called "SAJUNIQUE" I'm not a follower, i'm a leader. I started my own circle
Great turnout of volunteers and supporters! : We have opened doors at 20th Anniversary Fairfax County Service Awards!
Almost bought apples but got an email from my synagogue youth group saying to expect a package soon. They usually send apples so I'll wait.
Today's healthy snack of choice: almonds coated with smoked salt. I may never eat anything else ever again.
where where where???
cant get slider to show up on WP flexi please help
Must go see blink182 and MCR concert!
Take it easy 2011. It was great. Wishing everyone an awesome 2012! If u get a chance check us out. www.theatrecompany.biz
I love Sammy Adams<3
When I heard Whedon was making it, I had high expectations, and it lived up to them. I could watch it over and over.
Right on the line, but close enough to my actual interests to make my finger hover over the Report As Spam button & not press it.
missed pretty much all of american idol! :| darn it.
LOL ill try not to
: LOVE her show! RT Listen to great commercials
Andre Ware is by far the worst analyst in college football.
Your nature is truth, and when you oppose it, you don�t feel like yourself. Stress never feels as natural as peace does. � Byron Katie
Women like silent men, they think they're listening.
same with the bucca if gaint the bucca be in too
Productive Board meeting, terrific networking with leaders, celebration with friends and family with great food. The perfect day.
New street team member. <21
BeliebersOver18 And just so everyone knows.. I don't do that F4F crap !! I hate it cause it floods my mentions lol
Thx to great customers old and new who stopped by at #americasmart. We had a great time!
Also, 9 freaking days till sov soldiers SINGLE DIGITS WOO
BREAKING NEWS: The weiner mobile was just spotted on Mt. Hope Ave.
Why am I still up????
What happens when leadership changes and all of a sudden the teacher ("CEO") is no longer the "boss"?
16 minutes until Disney Princesses on ice kicks off, I have popcorn and a tinkerbell barbie in my lap.
We're having our first full production meeting of the semester tonight!
what are you doing tomorrow?
Watching a movie all by myself o:)
Got to stop checking out the Brewers game.
Productive out for Tex!
Back from experiencing SXSW madness downtown. When did table tennis become the new hipster game?My peeps been ruling that for awhile!
yep! I just joined - mostly for the babysitting. I may not even work out!
trucks vans
I'm watching #KKTNY I'm so ashamed.
regardless, that tweet was insensitive and disrespectful. Unfollow.
“: Oh you have no ass? Please continue to wear sweat pants everyday, and act like it helps." we'll never have to worry
*clapping for Roger* Allez!
I don't know I'm tired.
lol I always end up speeding when I listen to them in the car. I can't listen to them in school zones haha
lmfao, I know! I actually would.
Danny Boom Boom puts the fins on the board.
Vote if you like the idea behind MentorList
The TAASK is number 1 on the rock chart for Alpharetta for Reverbnation.
If "Grandma got run over by reindeer" then why isn't Santa in jail? Is he out for a technicality? Just another example of our flawed system.
How the fuck are you mad I kissed someone else when you broke up with me 4 months ago and told me to move on
smh!!! texting is gonna ruin the natural way humans communicate
Watchin the grammy's...hopefully that'll be us some day!
My Pandora is so darn Sexy!
~I Feel Like The Alumni~
Lmfao Oh Whateva I Kno You Love Me... Everybody Does :)
When this happens, I fall #NoAss RT : Fellas sometimes just walk up and smack your girl on the ass and tell her job well done
Gym time for workout # 1! :)
29 year ago Thriller Was Released Happy Anniversary To La Zombies Official Dance Song THRILLER
A walk-off grand slam for both the Marlins and Reds.
Just letting you all know. My real name is really Secret.
Evidence suggests that males may benefit more from educational IDAs than females
Just Full of Shit.. Glad I See That Now
actually we did cuz we were talking about his butt ctfuu
from Jersey Shore to this ;) that's hot ;D
On our third bottle of wine with shana and her friend about to start rewatching 24.
LOL - I was looking forward to having it when I got home. But I truly was trying to work on my consumption :)
Yeah we had a huge group hug after a show in Houston, while began to hump....He's an awkward penguin.
1. Whoa she's banging hot. 2. Well, what do I say 3. Voila! 4. She laughs 5. Nice to meet you, but I have a boyfriend.
Thank you! Love your Twitter page!
that's good:) why really good?
Cheers to that!
kevin durant a 3 time scoring champion just won the scoring title :) good jobs man
wats up buddy we dont talk much :/
"I'm not like most girls." - Most Girls
If I was home I would hit naty with ya 100%. Rain check def!
Im surprised everyone isnt watching Dear John.
leaving the Smart Border mtg with Chris Maston. Now in line at Otay. The clock starts ticking.
Or just use it properly. RT Let's ban the word "guru" from the English language. Okay? Okay cool.
Today is just a good day
is Matt Barnes a bitch or what did he really just push Griffen that's a sucka move in my old man voice
Dope! Old Skool beat is Tuff!
Thanks so much, Ron! Much appreciated.
Really u r gonno leave kobe wide open in the 4th really
For some reason blocks me from following. W/my parents in Florida, it'd be nice to get storm & outage updates for them.
Look upon my Planet Sub, ye mighty, and despair.
#Libchat listservs are a bottomless pit. I have an email address just for listservs and I'll never get caught up.
Yay!!!! Prep work for auditions, tomorrow!! I love it, live for this!!!!
Video watch: YouTube, Viacom-owned Paramount now partners; 1M cord-cutters in 2011 - Good Morning Silicon Valley (blog)
I love you too tay <33
Aw it was nice meeting you guys too;) you're both so sweet haha we should hang out sometime!
I always have faith in Dawson!
“ #Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.”
You should for a ride :)
I know the feeling lol...
double ditto on what said! I drink it every day : )
I just woke up from one...be jealous.
i hope you recover youre ankle how bad is it
Dang we text each other a lot RT if you started singing my girl
“People don’t buy what you do; they buy why you do it.” -Simon Sinek
is that like double secret probation?
Now they're downstairs making pizza just to piss me off because I didn't eat dinner before I told them I didn't even want to deal with them.
To avoid information overload simply implement strategies as quickly as possible - That's Key.
Twitter is great
Also, how exactly do you counteract racism? Pretty sure people RT'ing that are being duped.
I'm upset and it sucks because I don't have a reason to be. What the honest fuck?
We will !
they did , recall flats and steve Martin sang hand job , I mean, banjo
New Silversun Pickups record = amazing
congrats on winning the truman and udall!
Agreed he SHOULD know what to do. But the coach should get everyone prepared for a play of that magnitude.
Find a way! It's the best stuff out there.
Yeaaaahhh!! You go girl :)
If given a chance, I would still want you
It might spark some creative thoughts..
Last weekend to see April Schafer's work! Friday, Noon-8p and Saturday, Noon-6p.
so has Charles barkley..but what separates them is that lebron and Barkley are still good, and don't sound stupid in the media
Rock climbing at Phoenix's best gym
Perhaps a blog post highlighting YOUR Tweet reactions from tonight's episode of is in order :)
Best #Closer of all times -
I have to trust what I do and then do it. - Ednita Nazario
hey all my luvers .. im not gonna be on the comp for a week so i just wanted to let u know that i luv u all bye guys *kisses*
Just finished my first final
Pissed. K bye.
I really need to start reminding myself more each day that life really is so short and to appreciate the beauty of it
": My son just spoke his first words! He said "Maybach Music!"" This made me think of
I see the "LOL" in it
yeah follow me....
Headed to Orlando!! Here I come I miss my friends n family in the O. Now we can party since da classic over lol its better!
Yes it's possible either Advanced Actions or JavaScript. Depends on what the condition is based upon.
#ImThatPersonWho Says What I Feel .
Spread some butter on me, I'm the toast of the town
RT : Hansen: great leaders need to be productively paranoid.
On the way to the for #Shorts, hoping to meet German nominee ähle
doesn't surprise me one bit :-)
root sports is the channel that misses goals in pens games that's why
Is it just me or am I the only one that craves to play Pokemon games on gameboy pockets? No touchscreen, nothing fancy. Just Pokemon.
Very cool lightning and colors of the sky tonight over Northeast Wisconsin!! Wasn't raining either where I was at!!
it's something about corporate responsibility. Jim Rogers and Joe Craft will be there
4 Stars for Battle LA?! Is Hollywood getting dumber or is Hollywood getting paid?
Make an appointment with us today to see if you are vitamin-D deficient.
Just cooked up a triple batch of cheese grits.
My breasts would've been bigger but I had an eating disorder in year 8 so they didn't develop properly.
Border Wars is next week, when are we going to know how we can watch? It's ridiculous that it's a week out and no news.
We look forward to seeing you again soon! We will be announcing our next event next week. #indy #inspire!
Distance kills.
so i hope to god that i have a good birthday tomorrow...cuz i have never had a good one.
that's right, like that. The stuff I can't play at home because my kids ask questions about words they've never used that way
bang bang bang. 
FINAL from DBMilne....FINS 19 Temple 16! WHAT A COME BACK LADIES!!
I must be missing something about Nice to look at I suppose, but how do you spend HOURS there???
thank you! I'm curious about these folk now
Goodnight yall... Gone miss my sweetie toma,but hope he do good
Is it sadder that the Seattle Mariners Jose Lopez has no fan club on Facebook or that I can't figure out how to start my own?
I just bought colors for $5 on #drawsomething - I got tired of not having brown & green
one mix done... it'll at least (hopefully) hold some people over until these next 2 are wrapped up. artwork coming, will post soon.
How is Lebron NOT in foul trouble?
Follow me peeps!!
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
aw thanks(: I'm jelly of yours too!
Thx for the Twitter love : "Be sure to follow for great insight into sustainability, entrepreneurship, and #TEDxDU"
when we gettin them tickets
We did it! Thanks, Kristina Frazier Cook, for being our 1500th 'Like'
What about now? What about today? What if you're making me all that I was meant to be. What if our love never went away <3
Yahhh Dee!! we are going to hang out :)
I need you in my life
“Oh, do not ask, 'What is it?' Let us go and make our visit.” ― T.S. Eliot
My oldest friends became my newest foes..
So when #ESPN doesn't have a sports story to blow out of proportion they make one up internally?
"On a scale of one to P. Diddy, how badass do I look?" :b
This question is burning for me right now so I'd appreciate if you'd all answer... what do you think the thorn in Paul's flesh was?
changed the handle to something less sporty, i think my wings name was hurting the tigers feelings and that's why they couldn't close
hahaha omg i feel like i cant tweet what i want anymore! Or I feel like i sound really weird:/ lol oh well...
Here's to words that tell the truth, when it's easier to lie.
Even the sun sets in paradise
The advert for the last ever #onetreehill, is making me consider watching the entire series so I can see how it ends, hm.
Excited for YOU to WIN.
I lose like 5 pens a day
Just got changed for work in the brooks bros little boys section.
House of Consignment, Chi-Town!!
Ok good, thanks for telling us lol
Why thank you!! Happy Friday! RT : Friday soup of the day + Vegetarian Chili = awesome
#Trivia warm up time! This is for #movie geeks. What’s the name of the place where the movie #Avatar takes place? Trivia starts at 8pm.
Almost to ! Yeeeeeee! Let's go
Nice! I'll repost on FB on Mon. I'm a long-time resident, so I'm happy to provide suggestions for ur next adventure!
Going 2 b a beautiful day 2day. Join us on Main St, Greenwood at public parking across from Circle City Auto Parts. Fixing a dog just for u!
has no shame. I doubt she cares!
we can no longer talk because of that
A horse grown fat kicks. - Italian Proverb
When you find a tiny hole starting in your Ralph Lauren suit!
Hola!thanks for the follow!look forward to connecting.
Possibly the sweetest tweet ever. :) RT : Always nice to have support a phone call away ;)
just finished accoutinggggggggg 👍😁👌🍻
Role Model; :)
Participants in the 2-mile walk are starting to filter into Camp Randall...
A #RONDO JUMPER?!
Off to the Jewish museum for some hours
Way to go, #MichiganState!
adore those shoes AND the blouse!
Thanks Kevin
Just emailed a group of friends this exact thought - Pack and Pitt have drafted to SB wins, Bears? Awful on regular basis.
#DragRace Sharon Needles! If for no other reason, she just fucking deserves it! Ru please!
tonight I'm gone to the theaters to see a movie!
I can do that
do they count more than one vote because I voted like 20 times!! :O
See you :)
thank ya!
i miss old times
Keep the tweets coming #FF (via )
Amen, Goldie. RT All this rat stuff...let's be clear, Panther fans need to wait until game ends to throw them.
Setting up to film the intro... we should get some blindfolds for the pad. Any recommendations, or company donations?
I feel like wearing a hat.
I think I've seen more Ocean Girl then He-man. Or at least a clearer memory.
Daily Deal - Overlord Complete Pack 75% off! on
If it's in a broader of context of courses w greater pedagogical diversity, yes. Otherwise it might just be jarring.
63 degrees in WV?! Heck yeah!!!!
They ambushed me...comin out of Trader Joe's.... Outnumbered...no match for...#GirlScouts!
ok then
drinking coffee and chasing a song.
agree -- I'm not a huge girl scout cookie fan, but I always buy at least one box cause I like supporting a good cause
Gary Dougherty: Many providers offering family planning care in Ohio are at capacity, cannot accept new patients.
Okay, let me know how you like it. Thx Melony :-) ~Natasha
I just pray I did good on that Spanish quiz...
Sleep...please find me soon
Okay :D
there will be open seats after the game starts for those standing.Some people only coming for the Joey Votto bobblehead
Overall average CTR for #Facebook ads is 0.05% > > do you have any industry breakdowns?
“: I Cant Lie...I Thought We Was In Trouble Or Something Twist ! lmaooo #TeamTwistStillOnTop” !!!!!!!!!!
Chicago is a state...I learned that the other day.
61 RSVP's since yesterday afternoon - and only 64 spots remaining. is flying in from Colorado for it, even!
Your class was amazing yesterday! Your a good teacher too! Great meeting you yesterday.<3
Way to be a gentlemen fuck you.
so now I'm gettin ignored huh...u r terrible
#BESTINSPIRATIONINTHEWORLD my mom
At least we reach Q.final unlike arsenal. . .
where are you?
“Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other people’s thinking.”—RIPSteve
don't worry these past 6 weeks I've had enough for both of us
how's your family doing?
ima ditched me D:
Mon morning calling appt line 4cough. Ms Smith u don't need 2 get undressed for colds
Men are much more appreciate that give than what they get.
Been raging on the East Side today. What are you doing?
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25% SALE TODAY ON ALL #CLOTHING AND #SNEAKERS!!!
Sure! I'm posting as much as possible on Facebook facebook.com/springsvisionforum and here using
Haha I'm in for a fun night aren't I?
Does anyone else want to get registered to vote with me?
#Nation...in line for tonight's taping of !!!
Back to the future trilogy on blu-ray has been blowing my mind all week
Have a wonderful Spain dear friend. Don't forget us!
" Tonight gonna be funny is hell "
we haven't gone yet, but thanks for sending it. one of the best veggie restaurants out here :) will have 2 take u when u visit!
My matte red nails remind me of licorice and I want to eat them!
You all taking calls today?
hey justin(: when/are are u gonna go on tour in the USA?? I CAN'T WAIT SERIOUSLY
RT suggestd by kennel....KENNEL UP
Little Chefs has less parties in the summer, so it's a good alternative. Also she has an internship w an off-bway show.
Literally just screamed loud as fuck and almost caused a huge accident
" I'm not much into church clothes.I'm into robes of righteousness.How you dressing?" BlackJeans & 'Got Jesus?' TShirt
Dang, Nancy Grace is bringin it! lol
I hope this swelling in my knee goes down so I can play tomorrow
help me!
Happy mothers day, Mom. You may annoy the fuck outta me but I still love you <3
Remember when MTV was cool and actually play MUSIC VIDEOS and had TRL.....I miss that...
Thanks for the mention Stephanie!
LOL YOUR FUNNY...LUV YA LOTS
Go get 'em. We're here to help.
go on
Phil Porcella having exhibit of lifetime of photography at Hart Street Art in Taunton Massachusetts Also at today's opening A/D Keith Lane
lolz I like sklyer he has like a country voice
: Books I'm reading...The Women who Raised Me and Rules of Civility.
he's been better...
that looks great! just sent link to my 5th & 6th grade tchrs...have used GDocs but not EtherPad will ck out
I want some scallops, lobster, shrimp & corn on the cob on the grill!!! Sounds so good 2 me
“: hello loving the pic keep the good music going”_TYVM!
always and forever
I just got a call from my brother IN Kenya for a happy belated birthday! :)
at 5, why did the Mayor choose to give his State of the City address from ? I'll introduce you to the business!
Bored as hell
Still have a headache. Whine.
watching #TomandJerry while sick > brings back childhood memories.
From the first sentence! :D
There's no better feeling than complimenting someone else knowing you brightened their day.
Am I correct in the assumption that if you're writing about someone who is a heavy drinker, it's ok to drink heavily while writing?
you're right. we are trying to find just the perfect little dark girl.
As much as I'd love to see the Knicks beat the Heat, today kinda proved how remote a possibility that really is.
Quotes of the night so far... 3 tired girls laying in bed saying weird things. " where my dawgs at?"- " he just is a buzz to the kill."
Superchunk. Going through a bit of a phase.
Congrats on the BBCA show. I really enjoyed it. Hope there's more to come!
Just heard listened to Matthew Fox speak @ Agape, very powerful!
We can't wait to spoon with
Braves win. I'm really looking forward to that Braves-Cards series coming up.
omg, I need to tell you shit, like soon.
they must of seen your movie.
Stop public funds for #MPRnews The left wing extreme like that? I want my tax dollars tokeep our people's stadium
Looking forward to catching up with some of the best coaches in the world this weekend at the Global Pickup Conference here in
OrderNow Solid White 300 Thread Count Queen Size Duvet Cover- duvets queen
Concrete bunghole where dreams are made up. There's nothing you can do. Now you're in
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!! for me:)
This Friday I'm giving a special #FF to b/c its birthday week!!
I need to give 's new album a listen.
Spending the day with my Mama! I'm so glad she's in Nash!
"We're the best-looking horse in the glue factory," Richard Fisher, of the , tells
#ff for a new take on the #LA food scene. Yum!
Miley, teach me how to use twitter and this iphin tomorrow after class. Thanks bub. From your pal scala.
great to hear. Who was your instructor?
Where are you& I'm so sorry I can not sleep I can not eat tonight..
Tonight Tonight XDDDDD
wanting a union does not mean we have "problems." it means we want the power that we have a right to!
Bristol Palin is as relevant as fanny packs.
I'm sorry I'll ttyl if ur busy
Think how dangerous he would be if he could learn to throw.
Dont stare at me unless you have a conversation to start.
#Bucky defends the Axe! Get your red on...and get it here! 608-241-8807
Thanks for the retweet, Mitch! You are too kind.
I aint ate since 12.....that glass of hen hittin these legs smh...at least I aint drive
Looking forward to hearing more about these plans!
All I want it is a bigger screen and widgets. I don't think my wish of both will come true.
staples center is almost as cold as their kings fans
feed him burgers. Ticket to success
i need this women i can fall over heels for me
I Pissed on Her,You Kissed Her,You Feel In Love With Her I Think i Miss Her
// "I'm not dead yet" - Johnny Costello, on the mens bathroom wall
Upshot of This Amer. Life retraction of Daisey story: we still need to pressure Apple re working conditions in China.
Keep us updated about ur music :)
awesome! I love the AET campus, that's where I learned Photoshop!
this is the most exciting season and these cars are beautiful, especially the Ferrari. Have you seen the Indy cars?
HEY MAN! WASSUP? DID YA BRING THE NESQUIK CEREAL? IVE GOT THE CHOCO MILK! ;)
Voted before kenny!
cual disney?! D:!
thank you for the RT
Me too! We can blame Supermoon? That makes me feel better.
follow me?<3
that's awesome :)
good:) that means I don't have to come and keep you from being a chicken x]
My brain is mush. And now I'm going to have make up work to do. 😓 at least I'm done with both my ap exams!
Thanks for the WI VOTING RTs today:
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much? And could you follow me? please?? It would seriously mean a lot. i love BTR and HD! :)
I feel like death.
Damn! I still didnt pick up my check from the mall!
Beautiful weather today! Looking forward to T-Storms tonight and tomorrow. Should been a storm chaser!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-9
some of the host cant take a prank. Then resorts to insulting somebody they know nothing about other then a youtube vid.
sometimes I wonder what it's like to be a pathological liar.
hey JP, your amazingg and cant wait to see you at another concert
yall trying to ball on friday
Dear friends, thank you <3
Thanks for posting your tweet re: Bruins and the Budget. It should be a great event!
I hate people that act smart when their not Cheergirl<333
; off to springfield for my lil sisters birthday (: then goinn' to the mall (:
Who is your best dressed from last night?
lol y I'm lying tho
That would be depressing and discouraging
i know but they used to at least rock out! I saw them a few yrs ago n it was a mix of old n new. Theyve gone all droney electro
Fuck this can't sleep..
Lots to do!!
what's a final?
Come in today and pick up one of our popular French Macaroon Gift Boxes!
oh. And a sun dress. :p
They were magical!!!! So ha!
Ran 6 miles in 51 mins and felt great.
Like a zillion other people, I saw The Hunger Games this weekend. Jennifer Lawrence et al were great, but the movie couldn't beat the book.
I'm sure Usually money isn't involved with a teams Honor Code. That's where he went too far, in the locker room or on tape.
RT #rollwithWSWAConvention and Roll with Portuguese #wines! Come taste Portugal at stand 113 Octavius Ballroom.
Mondays at 8pm.
Shout OUT to all the beautiful women on my TL
Just not enough time in the day really, not during THIS season anyhow. We'll be okay, I'll quit whining now 8}
Beer is the new Easter candy
Pabst can pyramid party square third ward celebrating MIAD graduates and the community. FREE PABST to help build pyramid
hell yea
McGinn: “How does govt begin entering this world more fully -- of sharing data, of asking the public to participate in problem solving?”
As soon as a man on Take Me Out says he's interested in fitness, a load of lights go out. Always seems a bit odd.
nothing like the angry birds flying through the dining room:)
its ok <3
More Than Welcome Mee Lady Alicia ... until next.. I bid you ado!!!
Tbh, I am hella scared for junior year x(
Is it obvious at this point the plan all along was for Urban to come back for 1 year?
in gay ass fife. someone come match
THATCamp- ten minute techniques just finished Google.docs
Playing a superb show with in Denver on Feb. 7th. We want an awesome cover song. Any suggestions?!?!
curves > bones
We all fall. Only some, with style.
“ Communion is not an event for you to focus on how unworthy you are, but rather how worthy you are in
did you have..... SNACKS ON SNACKS ON SNACKS.
I licked a subway ring at an ancient indian wedding. Do I die now?
I'm from south Jamacia queens but i rest in Lower Manhattan when the hodd and the hip colide are you ready? New Miss knockout comin soon!
I just spent four hours playing a game on my iPhone. What the fuck?
switchfoot jingle at the start of the rosebowl, really? i hate everything. except for the ducks.
When my boyfriend surprises me at my house 
Thanks for the #FF pal!
"Soul" is so rooted in Black identity
you rock Ms.Producer! World watch out, she means business.
Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage ~ Brene Brown
Thanks for the like, Chiralies Parrilla!
Thanks, Babette. See you tomorrow.
Somebody that I used to know.......
Thanks for hosting the Social Enterprise event! Learned a lot from Marc.
There is a special place in hell for a girl who steals my cab
check in at the hotel isn't till 3 anyways. The venue is an hour away. Doors @ 6
So according to my wife, Saturday mornings are for taking pictures, not watching footy. "Who are you and what have you done with my wife!?"
I met you in Richmond, I ma sticker guy Global warmin song guy
Thank you!!! Fingers crossed. I sent in the email on Friday. Hope they pick you! It might be a cool pkg too.
DAMMIT WHERE IS THE BREAD IN THIS HOUSE????
right and you said pick up the rookie from Boston and hes now injured.
Dark Shadows. I saw it too! Not bad, Johnny Depp was clever!
I'm just not sure how that would work. Your colleague often covers the SDCC. Maybe she would know.
Evacuation vacation! We're safe & sound.
you're a die hard. Nice
Tough loss for the #Twins, but 3 back with 13 to play is not insurmountable, esp. with 4 left against Detroit
I wanna get back to the old days, when the phone would ring, and I knew it was yoou! <3
Baking my own b-day cupcakes! Usually this is something that some1 else does 4 you, but I <3 to bake so it's like a b-day gift to myself!
you must've missed the part where the Mavs traded him for to Portland for Rudy Fernandez
I can't believe the ending in Darkness II. Before the credits I hated the ending but after the credits I loved it. Playthrough 2 hear I come
man its so cold in the #650 today #FACT and I have nasty sun burn
Adam Lilly from on #SocialMedia recruitment, "Look for a storyteller."
Maybe we want you to show up on our doorsteps.
Please please let me get what I want. Lord knows it would be the first time. - The Smiths
True for so many unfortunately...
Lil wayne new video "How To Love" is very powerful! Women learn to love yourself!! Great message!
Here comes Ondru the Giant.
Right now, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
Bree from #DesperateHousewives is so lucky. I wish I was named after a delicious cheese.
i know right hahahahaha
hey bud! Warmer indeed, 80's & wicked humid. Sweating my bells off! Exploring the waterfront today & off to work tomorrow. Yay!
I had myself convinced at one point.
yeah it is so good! :)
If my basketball skills continue to be dismal, I'm going to have to take up running again.
Cutest boy ever on my background <3 Can you guess who??
Learned hard way ITT Tech is a scam I attended 2 weeks, Pell Grant paid almost $2K when I dropped, they charged me $1300 xtra
it's not healthy
I�m going to Skype with my boyfriend
#imagine Liam is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
We work to prevent Child Abuse in the communities.. Help us to help them!!! "Barefoot'in"-Safe House for Abused Children. Many thanks
what u doing tonight? I'm prob hitting czar
don't talk about my mamma like that!!!
Outrageous: my sex drive.
doing hair. rec and then library
Due to illness, the Starbucks show is cancelled. I will announce the new date soon. Stay tuned. Sorry & thanks.
I have to make some necessary changes in my life.
Featuring Moet Imperial and Nectar in 187ml split bottles for all month of December for only $18
My Mamaw has gotta be the best cook in the whole entire world.
let me try to be nice-1st I never question ur choice of avatar why do u care about mine? I said they were drama
i'm just now hearing about you today, you doing good?
Wii Golf perhaps no longer the challenge it should be; just birdied 6 of 9 holes. Actual golf would be sufficiently humbling.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
you big fanny haha lovin the shirt. Just came out for a few beers in old town. Wow it's hot out 100 out.
and it takes a lot of patience, cause justin's in his car, going from one place to another, and we're there RUNNING.
Everything's fine
Yo Cryptic Wisdoms "Tear the Walls Down" video got you tube locked up at 301 views since 1:45pm today cuz of all the views its gettin
text me
OH and I got an AWESOME new NERF gun today. I am very excited about it! Who's ready to have a war?
Just finished taping this weekend's #AmericasNow. Gearing up for #BizAsiaAmerica with He has an intv with
Gonna give Will the benefit of the doubt on that one and assume it's the hamstring.
You can also use to earn some extra cash :) Simply take photos of places requested by others. Several requests in SF
God help me but I (probably because of lack of sleep) am looking forward to Syfy's Death Valley: The Revenge of Bloody Bill.
Thanks. Nice to e-meet btw.
justin bieber is performing at fau next weekend
sleep on it. See how you feel in the morning.
lol....uh huh
God want spirtual fruit, not religious nuts :)
do it! Lol
ohh ok then that's good. :D
that's pretty much what I do all day. lol Except I get paid. lol ;-p
Thanks for following us!
Conratulations to you & hubby! Nice to hear some GREAT news about you. You both will be amazing parents!
using fossil fuels is like cigs or bad food: good in the short term but bad in long term, and hard to control or quit.
Yes, I used the term "#BeastMode" in a news release today!
Major Automobile TV commercial today
I would fall over and die if and did a song together
Samsung tops Apple in mobile survey of U.S. subscribers
Wait, don't tell me.
Super cute picture!
Hey Johnny! Haven't run into you at an games this year yet:(
i hardly log in to this account now. i needa start logging in more..
hey fool follow me
going thru major new york city withdrawl right now..i can't.
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ▒▬►▓▬►
What's been the biggest challenge for you in getting through your day working at home?
what's up girl ? When are we going out?
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
“: has some DOPE ASS EDM Mixes!!” thanks homie
Lily Pond East Hampton WHAT!
thanks Damien. I didn't know and it appears many others don't. I've been blocked by some due to this. :(
oh whatever zaa my friendship is more important then quentin.lol
SKINS FEST SCHOLARSHIP FUND available to Native students attending or entering college.www.laskinsfest.com for details
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 20-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Q. What's the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory? A. Two test tickles
": #catchphrase of the night: That was heat! #useit " you know it!
In East Texas, where he comes from, he's called Ross Pee'-roh.
Paradise Misplaced
I need to start plannin my cuddys bachelorette party were already in march, july will be here before ya know it
As free as my hair is trending right now... Makes me think of !
Danny I hate you
I would probably hit Skip Bayless if I seen him
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend?
and they picked you.... yikes :P
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy. Someone who doesn't complicate your life. Someone who won't hurt you.
Brotherly love ;)
I hate leaving my house confident and looking good and then not seeing anyone of importance the entire day. What a waste...
Wow, x2! New ballgame at the RG! and Edmonton now tied at 3!
RT New Blog post Just finished reading Times cover story on Twitter. Good piece all around. Made it clear that social search is
thx. How r u today?
Hey sexy. I'm following you now 8-)
me either :D what're u up to? :)
Timeout could be Gelato :) “: I'm in need of a timeout stat! Lol”
i don't take midterms :P
I love you!!<3
LAST TYME I CHECKED ITS DIME A DOZEN WIT ME; WALKER HOMES IN VEINS PLUS DEY KNO DAT IMA G
haha. They said what most people think about dook!
Omg did that just happen
Or would it be Dallaslicious
Were is my bf
I swear to God my #Celtics are going to give me a stroke.
what it do ?? lol im freshly hangin!
Listening to Pam Brinegar topic researching 19th century African American women.
I told you!
After stellar version of Tobacco Road on live album "Road work" by Edgar Winter & White Trash, they need not hv bothered.
why? Are you okay?
THAT'D BE SO RAD! what time do you think you'll you be cupping?
Don't miss the Study Abroad Fair 6-8:30 tonight in Smith Banquet Hall.
The little things.
At the crib watching the game u?
Who's getting a free ride to Irish Fest and a free drink on the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
Do they not pay us just for being cute? :)
Happy New Year to all our readers and sponsors!
come down from the nose bleed section - I saved you a seat #waitthisisntmadisonsquaregarden #bigeast>big12
First think. and then speak.
agreed...new line, new front teeth, renewed confidence
btw, the tree above the pineapple is an avocado tree. There are already baby avocados on it! :)
Follow back?(:
You are welcome anytime! Actually, we really need to plan that lunch... :)
Lesson for today: Flying on the same plane as a high school hockey team is not fun. Sitting directly behind them is REALLY not fun.
!!!***FREE iPad2***!!! Register at yldcevapalooza.com before Dec 24th and you are entered to win.
Thanks RT : is a cutie I didn't know you was following me?
When did the #nba become world cup soccer?
It so hot I want to punch someone in the face!!!!!
so Roger likes old persons candy? What other secrets do you have Malena? :D
Going to bed VERY early. Night all. Tweet dreams :p
Im #Calm now, chilled out a lil #Nw Sniper Reloaded
FWIW, I approve.
Totally. Saw back in 2007. Don't want to miss them again!
Nuggs game 2 against LA! Let's get it!
I just like don't even understand how it can stank like that. Think it's the river but damn son
eminem space bound eminem beautiful eminem 25 to life eminem going throught changes eminm not afraid eminem talkin 2 myself
hunger games, Harry potter, shadow children series, Percy Jackson series, and this book called just don't fall down
I WISH MY PARENTS WERE REALLY IN MY LIFE IM SO LONELY :,(
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 11
Studying for chem is awful...except when my favorite person in the world brings me smoothie king!!
Jo$h Hamilton - another dinger
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
There is something bigger than fact: the underlying spirit, all it stands for, the mood, the vastness, the wildness. - Emily Carr
RT! : Buy me whatabuger so I know it's real :)
thank you ray. i have something coming in the mail to you and heather
