Bring the beat in....
Mane i should be asking you that my guy
Its 4:31 in the morning.. What am I doing awake at a time like this??
beautiful moon!
yeah its AM and I have off Wednesday and thursday so ima talk to the schedulers next tuesday about that.. That's way too early
Getting excited about CITI's first Cloud-based datacenter. We're going with AWS. Should be launching next week.
RT At times you may think #Aquarians aren’t listening to you, but they don’t miss a single detail of what you’re saying
no - I'd accept in a second. Lololol.
I eat her ice cream and she ate my ice cream CONE!
Serving size of blueberries is 1cup? The package they are sold in is only 6 oz! What the heck?
u like these niggas and u was at my team yesterday? lmfao...seems like yo priorities all fucked up
Tweet to
what can I say
comments upon my sunday footwear saying maybe you should sit outside with a cup and see if any1 gives you money #sockswithc ...
#TeamFreedom is at the TownHall mtgn spend a billion on streets when people still cant eat
Georgia: Another state I've performed in. I could totes get used to this.
LOL Awesome movie clip
And we gone have a, good good night.
i really need to get out of this house!!
Back when crocs were big.
No the reason why the community hates boosting is because it ruins other peoples gameplay (FFA Boosters)
you just described my dream weekend
sign me up too!!
appeared the same night posters and chalk sprays were placed all over boston so it would be unlikely it wasn't some volunteer.
oh thanks a lot! Lol. Maybe I should've told I was pregnant, just to freak you out...
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers after...
Barehanded Bryce Harper makes three-finger catch - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
"Close your legs to married men..." Gratuitous NeNe Leakes quote
Why is it "very strange" that someone would rush in out the rain? Why's the fireman gotta get wet?
So sweet :)
It's so weird how all of us live in the same state .. ! :D
Dude, thats sick(: once in a lifetime?? you'll see him a lot when you are his dancers(:
You're not so bad yourself! Thanks for the shout out!
Sipping your delicious Pinot that I brought up to Canada to enjoy with great company.
Yes my friend was smacking really loud. So i left the room cause it was pissing me off.
COME ON O-LINE!
GOTTA ADMIT.. That drawing is pretty sexy...#notgunnalie ;)
Happy mother's day!
i'm on the phone with and we can't keep up!!! My head is spinning!!
Thanks....I always feel like I'm missing something because I can't keep up with technology with this dial-up and no smartphone!
Always calm
Thanks for the shout out, #CircusMashimus sponsors rock!
Bummed I had to miss out on the game because of this final. I guess there was no need since Utah didn't show up either.
That's a lot of love..
Want to increase #twitter activity level? 1st conduct assessment. Who are followers? Who engages? etc.
“: trust me, u definitely dont seem the thuggish type lol”u sure I feel like in a different life I cld be a thug
most men belong in cages anyway. They might as well fight while they're there! ;-)
damn.. I looked all over my car
I'm falling apart.
Our mothers didn't condemn choices of others. MT : BristolPalin haters, your mother got knocked up. Such hate of mothers on left
Hey Brothers! You have great updates on Twitter :) Best of luck this semester!
Someone asked me out of the blue today if I am a minister (as in pastor). This has happened about 6 times over 6 years. Meaning what?
You + = An Awesome Combination // be there tomorrow at 7pm 9116 University City Blvd Charlotte, NC
Practice round at Southern Hills with STU golf team
About to check out 21 jump street :) let the laughter begin!
We are the oldest continuous running bar in Chicago. Since 1885. Marge's is located at 1758 N. Sedgwick (312) 664-9775 Come and visit us!!
if you knew how much I wanted you to cone to England, you might pass out
Of course, the first time in forever that Olathe has seen a tornado, I'm out in Manhattan. Not to trivialize their severity, but COME ON.
You're already on my list - am I on yours?
Thank you for following
Don't play lotto but just may buy a few tickets to nite n try to win sum of dat devil $ lol
hahaha oh yes! So what's new by you? Any exciting stories?
Good morning everyone and thank you to and for joining us!
We're happy if you're happy. :)
Imma have a project x type party this summer
The Reese Boyd Project is # 20 on ReverbNation's Rock chart for Atlanta!
Well, I am a whole new me now. Well, on Twitter anyway. How is everyone?
RT : The treasury is selling its AIG shares and Facebook is going public. This is what we call the top. Sell, bitches!
if u have a craving order green tea and a coffee, take a sip of coffee just for the taste and drink the tea. Worked for me.
lmfaoo. ugh she kills me. -__- of course I love her too though lol.
not being able to decide what picture of Eminem is going to be your next icon.
Not really sure why a #ncaa game is starting tonight at 9:40pm..a little late ya think?
was in your neck of the woods on tuesday. but alas it was after 4pm. alas. alas - next time in ashland...
Not in this instance. Wasn't that kind of a throw. And nothing compared to a 90+ mph pitch.
Romney comes closer to Obama thinking than others. Obama understands that you can't run a country like a business.
WHO DNT LOVE MONEY
3-Day passes to - worth at least $175,000 or something... we got 'em this hr #CommercialFree Listen.
Excellent. We'll have to grab a coffee or beer.
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don’t belong with.
Welcome! How are you, dude?!
One Direction <
Cory and Topanga's relationship.
So many articles about research going on around the world today! Happy Friday every one!
"Maybe that is our secret really." Plausible.
Bogans is on fire....
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm $140 ($125/15) buy in Bounty Tournament. Come play!
oh hope it's ok.
Cleaning out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I missed my college meeting... oopz.
she never told me what she saw... she has been pretty accurate so far. 7 more years! We'll see.
yes, im of the belief that medicine is often a less optimal way to nullify symptoms than attacking the root cause would be
When the things i order in the mail never come
ICONic GIrlZ are gonna be on ABDC 7 im so happy go girlz i hope they make it far like the Iconic boyZ
Waaah I feel like shit 😖😖 think I ate too much
Baseball blogger problems: whether the word "horse shit" is one word or two. // adjective or noun??
There was a MNSpeak reunion? And I wasn't invited :(
cinnamon life?
yes does ur chair have arms :-)
lmaooo, thanks Julian for being concerned about my weight if i drink to many monsters, lmfaoo<3
Had a ball at Diane Von Furstenberg's show
“: Thanks for participating in this "Awesome conference"- Prosperity Works is happy your speaking in Santa Fe! #PW2012”
Absolutely willing to support a solid plan. Hopefully we are doing our small part as well. Time will tell, right?
Really wish I could see in concert... he is very inspiring and he makes me want to follow my dreams :) I love you JB!!
yo i cant go my mom wont let me cause im suspended and not allowed on school grounds
Demi & her on screen bf in her video give ur heart a break I think they shuld go out they'll look so cute 2gether
Looking at our horses while the #KentuckyDerby is on. Ours might sort of run if food is involved. But that's a big IF.
lol the only hoe i see is you buddy ;)
Yes ma'am! Putting some finishing touches on a new single next week... I'll keep ya in the know!
Ooh, and Armenian too, bonus!
Sweet! Looking forward to it. Linda's going to join later. Wants to meet you.
Thanks for the follow! That's one of the best twitter bios ever!
what a dick ! lol
like it when I have more then one active download... I enjoy watching them race to see who will win.
Now you can get your hard copy of IRV DA PHENOM' s new album "WHO THE F# IS IRV DA PHENOM?" today! only $10.99
will you let him know I'm gonna text him?
Hey ! Get pumped for Gossip Girl finale tonight! hahaha, you owe me after the 8 hours of golf this weekend!
I like how that KONY stuff fell off the face of the earth
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT!!! GET HERE NOW!! BULLETIN FOR FREE PASS!!!!!
Metro center, for everyone who missed us Friday. Opening around 11 with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, and Barbacoa
In bed well bed one! This is kinda amazing!
Need to come to Atlanta so we can hangout!
15mins until I am off work then I have to study for a final exam. Boo!
retiring my first pair of yoga pants from running wear because they are TOO BIG! yeeeeeee *doing a happy dance*
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.Henry Rollins.
RT the gentlemens wager sounds good to me... I got the Spurs you got OKC... > age vs youth I'm down
#thatbeingsaid Happy Friday!
thanks! I'm so glad I'm uncut! Ha :D
dang I bet that sucked. How's your day going today?
I don't care who, when someone is unjustly rude to a waitress I instantly and forever hate you
We are on break for 5 minutes and will be reviewing application #130187 - Aaron Steele next.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand. ~ Unknown
nice...I wish I could say the same. Mine is just getting started, but I'm good.
We are bout to fuck shit up tonight homie!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry for the reposts! I was using the wrong hashtag.
haha my seat in hell was set before I was born .....its sad how many people don't know they will be right next 2 me >;)
AND they'll pay us!!
Protecting the environment!: Deforestation can keep wild animals ...
Wow. chew. In choir...? Your cool like kool aid
Thanks, Katie, I'm so psyched for new writing projects with someone who's excited to work with me!
Our discussion is tonight-6pm, 103 Orchard St. Join Appetite City host Bill Grimes & historical gastronomist
see whenever i meet a celebrity, i don't cry like most girls do. i almost throw up and feel high. :D
Air-conditioning season is upon us, Call 617-792-3350 for your A/C Need&#39;s:)
I've been at this size for two years. woke up and my left is blown out the back. Fucking crazy!
Haha well I don't do friends with benefits and not having any luck with relationships so I'll just have to live with it. ;)
“: X ” All day! Being the best person you can possibly be & bringing up everyone around you. It's the only way
It def can! RT : Education. Education changes everything. RT what advice would you give on obtaining a better life.
My momma tells me my fat stomach is the parking garage for what is below it
where/how long?
loving this power 96 mix.best ones on friday
why do arts marketers always speak negatively about devo and vice versa? Stop the hate people.
I was thinking your hot Italian prom date but my brother works too, lol.
yea but never drinking and flying my man!! Way to dangerous!
im so nervous for tomorrow. im not gonna eat.
Merry christmas
you wanna see ignorance? Randomly ask ten of them when the next city election will be.
Just now waking up, about to go eat and prolly go back to sleep!!
This song comes on everytime were in the car !
It just isn't working out.
i don't think of it as problems... lol... The more the merrier
i hope i fall asleep and never wake up. goodnight
How much bullshit can one person take?
You got it bad!
I Miss Him Already :)
Will you be at work late?
Interview at Arthouse earlier, tonight, tomorrow
Watching in the diversity panel at
PLANKING!! WHAT THE HELL IS THE BIG DEAL WITH PLANKING!! TO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS IF YOU ASK ME LOL!!
Are you an #experienced #digital product marketing manager? Tweet me with your #twesume--let's chat!
Particular book you are looking for? Check store stock at Commongoodbooks.com & reserve or order online.
Not available when login; denied of access by Four Square??? Is it Open access that we are promoting???
how the hell did you get lindy ruff?!
no need to explain MIke those who loved you before are still loving you now, and thats all that matters.
its so big!
Sad thing is on tour you barely see anything. Always gotta hit the next city.
my digital identities in a nutshell: one tweet tells me i made 's Top Momblogs, another sends me a Zizek article.
N Judah moving a swift 0 miles per hour.
as usual I'll keep ya'll posted. If I do I'm dropping a freestyle on each topic. Lol
not yet using www.SpellingCity.com but liking it a lot and will share it with others. Thanks!
yea didn't think. You were shy could tell from your picture lol
Agreed! Its like my new favorite candy. SO good.
Ugh so sick. 
To whoever likes to spread ugly rumors about me to potential roommates, thanks a lot. Whoever I owe money to, raise your hand.
'no vuvuzelas before i have my coffee.'
Q4 Why is the outsider perspective - mentioned in the book - so integral to creativity? What have you learned on the fringe?
Line up is not complete but heres some that are gonna be there ; A Loss For Words : Bayside : BlessTheFall : Chelsea Grin(cont)
Many congrats to for winning the competitive undergraduate research grant at UT Dallas. Way to go!
My mom tried to warn me about real life shit but instead I acted like she didn't live on this earth over 40yrs and knew nothing. WRONG!!!
Sometimes u gotta cut da bullshit and get str8 to
yes you can :)
RT : #CharityTuesday || Retweet a nonprofit, any nonprofit! Here are hundreds to choose from by category: /lists
OKAY IM JUST GONNA PUT IT OUT THERE I THINK YOU NEEDA PUT #SAYSOMETHING ON ITUNES LIKE RIGHT NOW #NOJOKE #bestsongever (;
good morning tweeps!! What tea should I start my day with?!
exactly! someday, maybe I'll go through them and write a little summary so I don't even have to click through to remember.
I'm pissed
And it doesn't really matter if you break my heart, just as long as we're together and don't fall apart
You look at with digust like we didn't come from the same motherland
ughh ! Im starving too but ... food is taking forever to cook ;P
It's our FINAL Wednesday at the New Day Center tomorrow, come dance w/us!!! 5:30 beginning, 6:35 palmas, 7:10 advanced
SIFstudio Sculpt your body, challenge your mind and change your life! www.superimpactfitness.com
. I'm going to our a glass of wine. We could be here a while. ;))
COMMONS: On that note, Zotero will be browser-independent in the future.
Look what he's doing with a team that arguably has less talent than the current Colts.
an iPhone App is in the works. :)
Appreciate you bro...and yeah you definitely are a minister...going over your time...lol
RT : Happy Mother's Day x2 !!!- thank you *hugs*
:) I'm glad you are having a great time!!
hi me and my family are leaving chicago now to come see you guys. I cant wait to see you
follow mee please austin :)
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
RT : Help IC win $1mil for efforts in Uganda & send an extra $100,000 to Haiti. All you do is vote Http://bit.ly/7OQalM PlzRT
I got a great friend in a very high place..
Never been so happy for 50* weather! Seems too good to be true...we better not see another snow storm!
JB I followed
and naturally have the street sections be paved new where the houses were. Makes sense. You're welcome ;)
I am so happy right now! I knew from the beginning was gonna be final 2. I just wish was with him.
We need individuals to promote our website.The pay is $500 weekly.THIS IS NOT A SCAM.Send me ur email address for details
We walkin handnhand, barefooted n the sand, keepin it a hunned, never lettin bs hit the fan.- "The Real in You" KB ft.
how was the boat party?
Great last live Wednesday show of the semester with hosts , , and correspondent Mary Rachel!
I should probably start using #voxer more a lot of people have joined since I downloaded it
What do I do I'm so sad
Depending on combine workouts in Chicago, could be a top 5 Draft choice the way he's turning national heads.
Hittin up dominos w/ my bro
Wow. That's some incredible bartender powers she has! ()
Ture hockey fan, you know it! Aways have been! Miss ya too! Hit me up the next time you guys make it up this way.
i was talking to my mom about juz10 before and she goes "audra, don't lie. you know you have a sexual attraction to him" omfg
Awesome. Thanks so much for the update Adam. Let us know if anything changes. Safe Travels.
Do straight men go to the opera?
I think my email is getting hacked. Murr...
Splurge Gang is copyrighted & trademarked, We need you to stop publishing music using our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Dear Ladies: #FACT You can lose up to 12+ Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
lol so mean
Quote from a friend today: "I tell you when you're being a jerk, I should also tell you when you're being awesome."
I loved the episode! But that CANNOT have been Rachels only shot. No way.
would that be a skinny fat lip? #H rules!
Got my KBS at Alchemy. Very good. Smooth, but hotter than I expected. ... And I'm told the keg just kicked.
my last first day was last wednesday.
Follow back? (:
miss u guys too!!!
Just got done shooting BTS footage of stunt training, getting ready for some upcoming videos! Great Job tonight JENNY ZHANG!!
I might have to pick that up, can't wait to see those gorgeous pictures!
Pretty impressed by some of the temps in NJ. Lafayette up to a scorching 94 degrees. That's more than 30 degrees above normal.
Smokuh duh weed and get to duh highh.
Take London by storm tonight. It's not just for you. It's for me, too. x
Nothing like he did and if you disagree you weren't paying attention.
yes madam for now... But I'm going to Florida by the end of summer... What's new on your end
I know lots of girls like that! That's all high school pussy shit, all talk no action. Gayy haha
oh that's not much of a concussion. Lucky
so... what? trade down if you have #1 pick because A Davis probably won't be all star and have finals win in the same yr?
oh dear hahah
I no money will never lie to me
Notice me some day ? (:
YES! Look forward to seeing you in EPICENTER OF AWESOME!
Attending a great Jeffrey Gitomer conference.
At least at your house you could keep me warm
Green beer and good luck
gotta love vacation - a great time to enjoy life outside of work & change things up... next time!
I am glad to hear about the Central conf, but am interested in hearing why you do not find hope in our large churches
NO MORE RAIN!! Spring weather for the rest of the week!! YAY!! :-)
is the best. end of story :)
Come one, Jennifer, let's dance to this slow one. #dinnerparty *whispers* you are showing too much leg, honey.
you're welcome :) it takes a good father to actually man up and take care of their children.
Wow! Josh Hamilton saves the day!!!!!!
CALLING ALL HOES :) the only time I call upon you is to see if my bf is a cheating bastard ...
That'd rock. Thanks man.
There is no point in being mean to you, you will get your share in high school.
They're so sweet!!! oh my gosh! haha I wish i could be friends with them.
I do not like when my touch. And no matter what it is, thing or person.
question is who would they compare the prez too...
Random food poisoning on my day off. Nice move stomach.
I can't get over the size of Joel Anthony's head.
RT if you worship satan Favorite if he is your BFF! OR KEEP SCROLLING IF YOU LUVVV JEBUS! 👿👎
Watched the Owl of Gahoul last night.. Great bedtime story!
Sucks to be you!
celebrating the return of my mojo! New show in the works.
Missed what was said, but I'm a fan of praise. Thanks Scott! Appreciate the mention.
I have to be unemotional for us all...
Good to hear! Why so excited?
Looking forward to meeting you and the rest of the team at SMC-DC HH.
Ehh. Just not feeling it today
I won a prize at the raffle -- a framed map of the Grand Canyon
she knows about your law&order addiction, and approves
I love watching Cake Boss while I'm baking because I feel like I'm working with Buddy and his crew.....lol :P
Not wrong at all. She's pretty loveable.
ok , i guess this is the only way to keep in touch . :)
We don't need no water. Let the mother fucker burn!
If this bitch doesn't shut the fuck up with the clapping & singing, I will kick her ass.
On way to , walked right past me w/ his guitar. Midnight #SXSW starts now.
an excerpt from "Diary of a house cat"
When old songs come on the radio that I love >>>>
salt lick has the best bbq in austin!
Buying the GBPUSD? Here are Two Ways to Do It
Gym with Jen :) time to lift
88 degrees today....already know it's going to be a struggle to keep the focus
hahah then there is no doubt tht i will find someone..YES!
: you are precious!
Me to....": Opening those stupid vac sealed plastic wraps that even scissors have trouble with - #HateThat"
We do have an RFID system...just no wand.
at some wierd chinese restaraunt, and you??
#ytp [YTP] You need a job?
Don't tell me something & let your actions speak different.
Good call. That'll be quite a way to sum up your career.
Just a place to rate movies and stuff.
Super Moon!
A happy biz partner -Dear Awesome Aquila Travel Team. You guys are amazing! Thank you for being so great! - we love making people happy!
We'd like to wish Brent Florence of #Remede a very happy birthday!
um anyone know what the front of anna faris' dress looks like? i can only see the back of it but i LOVE! it looks like a fossil fuel!
Got bit by spooked dog being walked near office. Got scared by street cleaning crew in front of me that I was passing near dog.
Herbert, Marie Win Pirelli World Challenge Touring Car/Touring Car-B From Miller - PaddockTalk
I think Blue Eyes by Cary Brothers is a damn pretty song.
At the top 20 to watch reception. Great people.
Justin doesnt have an older brother, an besides nothings gonna be better
Pls keep #SanDiego in your prayers. We have a college community passionate 4 Christ & new church plants working 2 meet the need
Facts do not cease to exist just because we choose to ignore them.
Today is the 25th anniversary of the opening of , an icon of Austin dining. Congratulations!
Seems that if you can say Prince is your neighbor, it makes your house worth more than saying every home is beige.
no problem:) I'm good friends with Megan.
That awkward moment when u knock on door and youu spin me right round is playiing repeat and full blast
RT : The baby off of "toy story" gives me the heebie jeebies.
Darn you Pinterest! All I can think about are snickerdoodle cookies.
This isn't the norm, but I have decided in honor of mostly Derby Day and a little because of Cinco de Mayo, I will drink my dinner tonight!
Think I'ma Take All My Friends Out Somewhere .
Just saw someone who was so into the cause for #movember that SHE decided to keep the stache for December too.
At the new Cafe Caturra in Arlington, and it is awesome! Best crab cakes I've had in a long time, and great wine selection.
I was obviously kidding. But he has torn ligaments in his wrist. If he can be fine for the olympics, then sure.
I bet Alex, Robert, Zach, and Tyler miss him alot
Hi Everybody! We Are Now Open from 8 AM To Midnight. Changes Will Be Made Soon To Our Site.
Going to the tonight with
That's an America built to last! ~ thx for borrowing a slogan from GMC- they went broke too.
Go to www.watchnhllive register and gain access to all the hockey games you want and need live online just register and enjoy the games !!!
got it thank you sir. I will check out that book as well. Thanks buddy
workingg til 6 and then off to run mayhem in midtown with
No prob! RT : WOW! thanks for the tip.
Spent the morning w/ the youngest of my 2 angels
Hahaha, I know! and I were talking about this earlier! On this episode of CSI: APA!...
Here is what bothers me about Chunking Express. California Dreamin is used like a blunt instrument.
Blast last night at Jared's Jokers ! Thank you to all the comedians and audience that came out to enjoy the Spectacular line up
Hate waiting.
enjoying a beautiful Monday after SXSW in Austin Texas.....looking at tweets....
Most merciful thing has done yet is save us from having to hear any more about him. Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Thank you for being yourselves...and saying true to your highfive tweet from a year ago :D
Did you know CTL can offer instructional design guidance and help get your course loaded into Blackboard? Contact us today @ .
i already vote like 20 timeslol
Have an idea for an education blog? Would love some more guest bloggers/Posts at Always Prepped! Especially from teachers!
Thank You RT : Just be you ..
I saw a story on 'Brown Babies' and was confused. Because growing up in New Mexico we were all brown babies by June.
good luck! It's sucks!
Getting brighter in the mornings = before work lake time. Soon.
I'm not sure if theory of leaving her car out for a clean car is going to work but mine was nice nd dry this morning (:
Welcome to the #SEC #MIZZOU!
What you have to ask yourself is, "Why am I doing it?" and if the answer is "For love," you can never be wrong.
Not sure why so many people are surprised about the Bears taking a safety. I considered that one of the top needs that wasn't getting talk.
the more services I add to twitter the more hellish it seems. not a fan of tweetdeck.. so it's all web for me
follow now. 9
Doggy wants this kitty bahahahahaa lol. I needa stop seriously
Streamed.in is pretty awesome.
Listening to call me maybe while doing a lab in chem
Haha you crack me up, Jamie.
About a million alot
lmao I'm slow
Packers up big at the Half woo hoo God is Good just so blessed to be here!
“ I am teenager. I have a messy room. I spend most of my time online. Go to bed late & I'm crazy about one person.”
I need to be more assertive! Get out more and stop being such a ghost.
Who is in pre-season training right now?
there are 1 or 2 internet firms here in North Carolina. Do you have any clients with interests here?
atleast your gonna be there! but yes having good seats is always good.
Don't call for the next two hours - we're heading out for our annual holiday lunch!
My sister over here got a workout dvd and her big ass jumping all around
nothing lasts foreverr
He says "All I want is Money, Pussy and Chicken"
A stranger is receiving pics of me modeling 3 dresses. Can you say: SURPRISE! I thought you could. Hope they aren't driving.
I have such a crazy job, I really don't want to go, and put up with all the crap, but oh well
glad you enjoyed it! Was it what you expected? Or something completely different?
I love how people on twitter think they can bribe their followers to follow other people by saying they'll get them more followers..
To me, it says that they're not confident that they can make a $60 single-player game that holds everyone's attention.
Fangirling in the middle of Hard Rock over my babies being in Rolling Stone...
"Hi Carianne! I was just having a conversation with you in my head." - excellent way my grandmother answers the phone.
cant wait!!!
So calling me a bitch is gonna make it easier well it's not.
The Dark Knight Rises - Release Date: July 20, 2012. It will be cool!
I'm glad that NBC's "Parks & Recreation" got Renewed for another Season. Not happy with NBC's "Awake" being Cancelled.
Reunited and it feels so good... I LOVE MEGAN SHIPLEY!
I always love the interesting conversations I have with Apple Store patrons. This guys computer almost blew up from a lightning strike!
www.nashvillerescuemission.org Help Nashville's Homeless (children are among the homeless helped by this shelter)
can i be district 78 with my sister
Watching the Walking Dead final. Tonite
Ima go on a bike ride.
The House Of Falafel Food Truck will be serving. Lunch at Lenfant Plaza tomorrow ;Tuesday 9/05/11 See you there. 7th and independence SW
Now accepting recommendations for #AMAMilwaukee Marketing Technology Roundtable guest hosts for August event.
came across your blog & LOVED it. Very informational & insightful. Have you heard of espace's ultimate wedding package?
Welcome to Twitter, Willie! Alicia Kramer sent me...lol!!
RT : When #SCOTUS hands down ObamaCare ruling, recall Pelosi said when the Court speaks, it's "almost as if God has spoken."
contest tweet
How is it possible that my flight from Houston to Dallas to Lubbock is cheaper than Lubbock back to Houston?!
28 Days until buffalo chic salad at kick. chicken. 28 Days until opening of The Elephant in My Closet 28 days til
No, I don't tweet everything does. The is here for more personality and conversation. I hope that helps!
"Whatever" is the laziest word of this century
Prioritization is a key aspect of budgeting. Each area listed is important and has a valid case to receive resources.
lol hey someone was asking for you but I forgot who lol
lets get it
Feel the bandwagon getting lighter.
"Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see & forget what you hear"
Drunken philosophical conversations are kind of funny
dude the Beach Boys are STILL ALIVE?!
Be about that life and ride with me til the end
No problem! :D And thank you for following back! We enjoyed reading the interview, you guys are awesome!
Happy Birthday Jason Hart. We love you!
oh just cuz.... And you have some nice music.
ok bet keep me posted... What's the numbers? Is there a fee?
thank you :-)
Tea and coffee with :)
Be careful, spooning leads to forking! LOL
Merry Christmas from The Orphanz...
Thanks for the RTs & mentions this week!
yooo! No I'm not high. It was a small chick fil a, only two people working there, but nonetheless it was open.
Hey this is Josh from HURT's new band! RT and follow!
Its ironic when fat chicks cake on make up.
Time for steaks and martinis! Perfect grill weather
No north Carolina. No.
Not online at all :<
Steven Tyler's fiancée is 38. He is 63. Long live the May — December romance!!
Doesnt understand why some people think they absolutely need a girlfriend/boyfriend at all times.
Serenading my mom with "love on top." She thinks I'm drunk.
Watching Clippers vs Spurs
your more than welcome
Wanna know what I value about #NASPA? The incredible responsiveness to issues of social justice by our leaders.
It's $14.99 for tonight's show, unless you mean a Ringside membership then it's $8/month.
Hurray! In the future will you be videocasting muppet-ized interviews as well?
How do you know where you're going if you don't know where you are - or why you're here?? Find your light, ladies....find it.
follow me. Then I'll follow :)
I'm the one that can keep the promises .
It's Swiss Chocolate Almond lol its yummy!
Take A Quick Nap!!..
Catching up on yesterday's 's #30clubsin30days and I remember why I love Randy Wolf...
Just watched Joseph Kony's documentary JASON RUSSELL 2012. Come on America, let's stop this guy from getting high and jerking off in public!
Not particularly incidental, but THE LAST BOY SCOUT isn't a sports movie either.
If this outfit doesn't look cute then fuck it, I quit wearing clothes.
Great spinning class followed by a 5 mile run...see ya 900 calories!
Yup. RT : Sucks how golf is so boring without Tiger in contention, doesn't it?
And therefore we can scientifically conclude that yes, bitches be trippin'. ☝
Thanks for the follow, Tim.
My favorite flavor of Popsicle is dick
some times i want to run and run as far as i can
- working!!! Lol! What are your plans this summer?
Getting sstretched out on the rack!
already checked it out :) Great job and thanks for listing us as an influencers!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
So many new pics of Paul and his adorable grin, just leave me here floating in Wesley heaven
Whiney Houston dead at 48; CNN reports J.Hudson to do Grammy Tribute to Whitney tomorrow nite (2-12-12)
Thanks for sharing! Hope you have a
Robert Mapplethorpe '50 Americans' exhibit at Sean Kelly Gallery thru June 18 www.skny.com
goodo i got that and a £40 blazer for last day some shorts and vans and grey shorts and a bag or lunch box whatever x
Theres a tattoo shop in NYC...on Avenue B.......
The last show of the year is Dec. 20th at Soda Bar in #SanDiego Hope to see everybody there!
Found an awesome way to reply to everyone on all my accounts so dont be shy to mention for a conversation ;)
Thanks. Relax. I was impressed that you seemed a prolific tweeter. Following is easy and I never pretend that I see all posts!
should really give us tickets
There are lots of #TIDU. Will gladly add to your list .
"The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only -and that is to support the ultimate career." C.S.Lewis
Please, #CBS cameraman don't put that fat guy with his mouth open on my tv again
TODAY: "Sunday is Funday" in Rio Rancho! Free fun, cheap food, tons of booths and games. Noon-4, Loma Colorado.
shout out to u guyz r amazing
I am ready to give up my Chaplin for adoption, her barking chihuahua is taking over.
Two #2 seeds loose in one night. Awesome
Thanks! Hope you'll sign up for our free newsletter!
There's a temperate zone in the mind, btween luxurious indolence & exacting work;btween laziness & labor,that summer reading belongs-Beecher
amazing interview with Bill Walton Im in awe of his ability to make his words something you not only hear, but feel!
Halloween candy < the best snack everr.
Turner revive lounge is awesome! Great food, cool peeps, and you can pitch to their media accelerator.
Best part of visiting my aunt in OKC is doing physical therapy...twerked out my sledding injury from Christmas!
#NeverShouldYouEver give up on something you didnt accomplish !
yeah me too!..thanks so much
All State Guy vs Morgan Freeman who is cooler
How is it possible to get goosebumps just THINKING of something?? :D
i can't connect to netflix
sort of twinkling red and orange.
#epic. Watching old greys where Callie's flash cards are legendary among the interns. Now new Grey's are using them with Callie 4 boards
Introducing a new grass seed at Lowe's
LMAO RIGHT!!!": If you motherfuckers dont stop tweeting me emojis knowing damn well im working with an android... >:/ lol"
oh yeah 10pm news
spread the word the site needs 60$ of donates to reopen
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Baseball! MT : After watching Zack Greinke strike out side in 1st, plate umpire told Brewers manager Roenicke: "Zack's ready"
I am green with envy.
Six Time under 21 thumbwar champion. Known to have "hands of an angel." 5.2 forty time. Great flow. Will work for hot dogs.
you're watching The Pit?! I love that movie and all it's pre-adolescent, pscyo- sexual horror! Crazy canadians...
Step 2: Get your first followers. Define *why* you are doing it and *why* folks should care.
we can start coming up with ideas now for next year's competition.
I thnk you'll like them Tom! What color would you sport?
"patterns and perspectives" exh in full swing-- come by the FMoA to check it out! Feedback from visitors is vry pos. to our perm collection!
trying to get #GiveObamaCreditfor... to trend. see what you can come up with.
we love all of the guesses...looking forward to seeing who the winner is!
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in "The Crying Game"
sounds just like SYD-SFO all over again
i slept till 12:45 today! woke up thinking it was like 9am
I'm at church with no dinner and there wasn't even left over communion bread in the freezer #pkproblems 😢
The keynote has a HUGE line and is being simulcast in a bunch of rooms that are virtually empty and much more conformable.
Whoa! #patienceisavirtue I #FF all day!
no erratic behavior would be erratic...make sense if u dont think about it
Adapt and overcome
I had never realized what a bunch of mother fuckers TMZ were.
They really need a "cool" eMoji, like one with sunglasses on or something, how hard would that be to make?
RT GSDM: Colleen Barrett on LUVing your employees: employees feel like they are a part of a winning team & nothing feels be...
Damn good. And with new ownership, they could be extra dangerous.
THANKS A BUNCH HUGS 4 U
say what !!
RT : I wonder if Snoop Dogg does acupuncture
Thx for the tip! " - pretty sure everyone needs to try a Zumba workout!!!!! It's fun and you get a great sweat!!!"
I can't stand to see people hurt.
You still heading into town in a week?
RT : "I want you to be more creative...as long as it doesn't cause me any problems." - your boss/teacher/etc.
Watching womens final 4. Two observations: uconn coach is an arrogant ass, and britney griner talks like a dude. Go Irish!
tell him to hurry.
Why? RT : DO NOT WATCH THE CABIN IN THE WOODS TRAILER!
What ever doesn’t kill you [is everything, every day you’re not dead]
I can't believe what is happening right now! It seems like the older I get the more I understand life! It's amazing!! God Bless...
Studio saturday for a new track;)
this has to be my solution because both you and suggested it :) Thanks so much, guys!
omg. #Kids were up at 5am. So much for ME time. Grrrrr. And they are very lively. THere is no waking up here. They are fully #charged !
#IfWomenDidNotExist YOU would not exist
How could I not? When I think of unicorns...
If you ever need a guy to mess with the other team playing softball? is your guy. He even does backflips! lol.
“: you should smile with your lips closed!” ha!! I get it
performance and concept were both just off the mark!!!
Christopher Smith and Kathy Welte! You are the wind beneath our wings. Thanks for helping us fly!
the difference between perception and understanding
Whiskey bent and hell bound.
#johnharne: Last panel for the day, for this year
Psalms 82:3 "Defend the cause of the weak and fatherless; maintain the rights of the poor and oppressd."
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her EXTRAORDINARY! YOU ARE MISS EXTRAORDINARY!!!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK:)
Does anyone else think Austin Rivers going pro is a bad idea?
Show tonight at The Mill in Prattville! Come hang with us!
this may be late already but i think i wanna go back to school
That's a great deal!
I dare you to love me, <3
How's this for irony: first time in Austin, bought a dress. Nice North Face selection.
i know you secretly love him a lot
"I am not my memories. I am my dreams." ~ Terry Hostetler
Most apps are glorified versions of the finder. They browse and display data based on a path. /c
Maine or Oregon?
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.--Pema Chodrun
What book are you reading this week? I am reading Business Model You.
I feel like a piece of shif.....
awesome thats sweet hopefully u will !!!
hahaha I know right! :) lol but it's caddyy
yea bro love them mayne
Is it just me, or is Michelle Goldberg the most facile, offensively condescending religion writer going?
Truly.. I'm good.. Great even! How about you?
this is 2011. He's playing angry birds.
Wow! I just got an iPad. What apps do I need?
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them. Dion Boucicault
follow for a follow bck
It gets no better than what we seen tonight!
to graduate highschool? I totally missed your bday.. Happy late Bday!! :/ got your drivers license already?
I don't know who is, but I have never met a Urie in the US that I am not related to one way or another.
I highly dislike waking up before 11am
safe travels! We're headed down in the am!
Do not arouse or awaken love until it so desires. There is a time for everything & everything is beautiful in its time.
Launch day is almost here! But the door is always open for awesome people and ideas. Email submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
oh i'm sure she'll meet a really nice boy one day.
House now voting on Chairman Ryan's budget. Will likely pass.
sup mama
Although that "puppy" face is funny, I'm going to change it to my icon.
When gets mad at his sister, my timeline gets
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell (after answering the phone) "no, I'm awake."
One day. I will be famous... so im practicing my autograph now :) #DreamBig #ItWillHappen <3
“: J- Bring me some Chicken Noodle Soup 😔”>>> ok
Willard can't answer a direct question. Asked about sugar subsidies, he brings it back to Obama.
oh... and they're not too far from here....
everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect
John carter: to 3D or not to 3D?
Fact | Yelling FIRE attracts more of a response than HELP! Peekers versus movers. Tell your kids. FYI. Thanks Vets.
when you can't watch anything because it gets so laggy
I pray that everyone seek the Lord wholeheartedly, that their specific purpose be revealed to them who ask. That they feel God's presence.
Good Morning, Lube Nation! Don't have any Easter leftovers? No problem! Come to The Lube for lunch today!
Follow us tomorrow!
One of the nice things about #existentialism, is that one can pose a rational argument for one's religious experience. faith ≠ fideism
When they asked how much time do you spend on social media sites? On traditonal networking activities: 1-5 hrs. 6-10 hr on socia sites.
CAN I GET ANODDA DONUT?
tell me about it!!!
ah it all makes sense now
RIP Dick Clark. I guess we will see a hologram version on New Years.
Dag has tattoo appointment space all day! And Aaron Campbell (The original) has time between 3pm and 8pm !
Now mic checking the First Amendment across the street from the State House.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I hope your mom doesn't get mad because you lost your retainer in the back seat" - Mark Sanchez
It's an interesting article. I read much of it and saved the rest for dipping into at the right time.
I will do my #FF as soon as I figure out this new Tweet Deck. See, instead of showing me your @ name, It shows your profile name.
im tired and im lost, i dont wanna be found.
lovin' it! Though it looks a bit empty tonight.
Friday! Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in here on FourSquare to receive FREE drinks! What song do you want to hear tonight??
I would rather hide in the bathroom than be in health. Srsly lol.
I wonder if there's anyone bold enough to claim there fake ?
I really wanna wear one tomorrow, but, I can't. Too scared. Dx
Watching Avatar with my babe :)
I'm there man!
#kids A SOLID FOUNDATION: A SOLID FOUNDATION from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:30 PM Playa Christian...
#shitthatmakesmeflip THIS PIECE OF SHIT BLACKBERRY! & STUPID FUCKING ACCUSATIONS THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH ME!
You Won't Feel Me Till Everybody Say They Love You But Its Not Love..💔
Hi Stoney!!! Just saw tweet from that Brandon Inge hit a 3 run home run for Oakland A's.
I only get two choices in the morning. Coffee and tummy ache or no coffee and sleepy. Hello tummy ache :(
College FB atmosphere at #LSP today...Sat aft, drums beating, fans clapping and cheering - makes me feel 20 again. Is that why I like it?
I wanna hear some songs!
buy a new oven :-)
good buffalo chicken needs for nothing sir.
Thanks for the feedback!
Actors: Take advantage of being able to help out on the set of a film any time you can. The knowledge you will acquire is invaluable.
RT : Money is worthless. It's nothing more than toilet paper that people put their own value to.
Can you please follow me back thanks so much!
Google now offering Google Maps sponsored links in Houston for $25/month. Anyone know of other markets doing this?
Tues 112211 -"Diary of a Black Author" 9th Blog 1 day @ a time every day is a "work in progress” that’s my mantra til this journey is over!
LOVE IT! Passing on to my fellow Colombians :)
Hey , did you know that offers a microloan program to entrepreneurs in Pasco County? Loans up to $35,000.
Does anyone know what time the Tonight Show is on? Because is going to be on the show!
I replied
**Please help us get to 1000 followers**... well be posting #videos_newsongs_firstlistens_recordingtips and lots of fun info :-)
Request Children's Book Week poster & activity guide. Art by David Wiesner. #CBW is May 7 - 13.
#itsawkwardwhen the train is so crowed that you end up under some dude's armpit .... sans deodorant *kill me now*
I sent you a request(:
I Just now noticed that if Oprah and Deepak got married her name would be Oprah Chopra
catnip for D's: Clinton biopic followed by Murdoch scandal deep dive on Loving it.
oh yeah, its gotta be my fault...
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep. Makes me happy....
email sent...
Shelf space under the table for notebooks, laptop, etc.
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
got on nuffin but a snapback and drop socks on his grandfather chair with the plastic on it in his twit avi lookin azz
I wish my mommy would hurry up and get back from California with Jj.
how's doin these days??
Three vehicle crash reported out in #NorthPlains on NW Jackson School Rd S. of the Sunset Hwy.
Me too!
I made this account so i could support you 100%. Im going to be by your side thru the journey, i promise <3 #Followme :)
something like that :p
Reservations at 6:15. See y'all there!
love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23 gentleness, and self-control...
.....yo its Adam Sizemore from the Ranch from Jamie's show....love the show so far brother
I'm so late for school
Think about your day; find the one event, person, action, or thing that made an impression on you & choose to be thankful for it
Happy Friday! 70 and sunny in Denver today!
Let me know when/if you visit USF, and I'll try to be around. Fun hanging out!
You can't play 30 minutes of straight defense and not expect to give up a couple tries
But i do not have kids so my opinion is not valid to nun other than myself
I'm litterally in love with you. I don't even know what to do with myself.
Probably not.
Proud of you, Ron. You didn't give into your inner voice telling you to bunt that run in. Of course, I would have been OK with it there.
sorry bra i unfollowed like 1000 ppl so i can folo dj's n promo ppl
Thanks for that retweeting
Going to watch #HP7 part 2 with my Best Friend again in afternoon .hurray :)xx
Was at the bank & my contact popped out my eye right in front of the cutie!! (hey Andy)I don't think he saw
we're intrigued....
Thank you, I sorta needed that! LOL
Hard work always yields it's profit, keep focussed on the light at the end of ths tunnel.
Tried to talk to someone today...they depressed me so I put on a fake smile said ok then walked away
In the streets right now!!!
RT : We're trying something a little different for our next #ConnectChat, "How to Connect w/ the Media." Details here:...
Had a great time at Alpine Printing!! Thanks for the BBQ !!!
Why are all song about love and stuff?? I want a song about CAKE or something!
Hush. I'm taking copious notes over here.
. Would u rather browns draft qb or rb?
Maybe if you were "there" for me when i needed you, i'd be there for you.
oh my god so perfect!!
I'm not completely sure off of the top of my head; probably, but I don't follow literary scholarship.
we were told it would be 15 minutes before we could sit. In the bar. It was empty.
I have to give a shout out to all of the seal that lost their lives in order to make #sharkweek one of my favorite weeks on TV!
Is it April yet ??? I am so excited to taste your creations!
Up to 500K children may currently be homeless in the US - JOIN THE FIGHT!
im not envious I just hate liars trust me I grew up watchin him play in hs. My old coach used to coach him. I dont like liars
We all breath with a soothing and almost excited sigh of relief as we dream about our future Justice! Happiness is a new face on the court!
oh awesome!(:
Talk about bad timing. Beastie Boys' member Adam Yauch died on Friday (May 4) after a long battle with cancer, and in th
#GOLF #CHICAGO Magazine is on site today filming about our resort and #Scottdale's top courses!
Lunch Special! Homemade Pulled Pork, BBQ Sauce & Pickles with a side of Fries. $7 Craft Summer Beers on special! $3/bottle.
Good morning ☺
Not bitter about Mike Redd leaving. Glad to see it. But he obviously doesn't know s#$t about loyalty. It was jus sad to see him
ill give you my unlimited as well.
that isnt creepy at all (i want one)
I was so happy 2 see her. I locked my freakin keys in da car. Smh!
Pick 4 shows. If all get picked up they get A's. 3 = B's. 2 = C's. 1 = D's and none = F. Students better start praying to NBCGod
I'd love that! & if I won I'd fly you here & we'd go somewhere! Ha! Looking for Hillarys house maybe?
Another gorgeous 70 degree day! Can't wait to have tomorrow off.
We love our #Vegas locals and tonight you'll receive complimentary entry till 1am ! Come early and enjoy OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm
just put it in oven
Po boys from banks and broad, frost stop, and leaving money at the casino...
This world is a crazy place, and I'm happy to be a part of it.
Alas, I have no skills with C++. :P
no way! Ahh I'm so there!!!
Peyton Manning must have a chronic masterbation issue because whatever temptations come his way, he'd rather just do it HIMSELF!
I celebrate Easter a bit different than most. On this day I play dead, avoid all contact with family and hide myself like an egg.
Remember country's original "Scotty" Toby Keith's pal and writer of numerous hits including "I Love This Bar" "Beer For My Horses" and more?
so bored .
Wanna play sand volleyball tonight?? We need 1 person to play thanks!!!
CHANNEL 43 + ROCK N' ROLL CANNIBALS + KID IS QUAL @ Twisted Branch Tea Bazaar, DECEMBER 3, 2011 8:30 PM
that could be misconstrued. Lol!!!
Enjoying San Diego very much
1/2 hour in gym done as prescribed. Legs ache but not my back thank goodness. Not a brilliant work out but a start. Little steps..
hey, for a Miley Cyrus video, that is downright high concept!
Lester is on it tonight. Two outs to 4 in a row.
can't complain tryna maintain wbu
there was a panel of women in tech that came to my highschool a handful of times. I was inspired! Good ideas.
word of the day: "carrel" - discuss
So who do you think will win the Superbowl?
Out\O/! I feeling good today!!!
Thank you! Hope to see ya back soon =) : Thanks!! I had tons of fun! It's my favorite place to play poker :)
bitchana! did i tell you i had a dream the other night and brian was in it! i was so freaked out! thats his name right? bros ex
Talk about something really important to you with someone. There's no way you could be bored when you're doing that.
So after being hacked I went crazy & changed my passwords to everything I use... Also made said pwords more complicated.
Alien is who I is si:)
I find it serendipitous that I'll be up in 4 hours ready to roll again for #SXSW. Unless wakes me up in 2
When I have kids, I'll make them watch 2012 and tell them I survived that..
Watching movie solo @ main art theatre. Literally alone. Detroit economy so bad... nobody can afford to see films on Iranian lesbians.
Congrats to #FinalFour ! You'll see ALL of them playing shows this summer!
Plotting on my next million
looking real good
I Want Us Forever<33
At Liberty University to see ! I'm so excited! A proud dad I am.
I can't sleep
I don't mind five thirteen-hour days in a row, but I'm kicking myself for not keeping wine in the house.
:D maybe , to much work :p ugh. ahah
u should text me
uncheck "ask to join new networks" in sys prefs > network.
I still haven't seen it! :(
hey net, is a poseur pretending to be a douche. The real douche is It's sad that I recognize the difference.
#mcfarland on #assange @ #lpr2011 - usa has had to recall agents in field, cooperation has stopped and trust & intelligence lost!
Prez Obama and the dems voted again for no tax break for the rich but cuts to social programs Obama is a yes man to the Republicans
RT : Nj Nets..u have 60 mins to make some moves or risk losing and looking crazy
Don't let these old people fool u, they will beat somebody ass wit day quickness
haha, way to look on the brightside
this case before mine is almost as good as watching tv
Amazing Deals for #Brookline #Apartments. 1 Month Free, No Broker Fee in a luxury concierge building! ProperRG.com
RT : Yikes...when i hear shit bout ppl bein killd in afghan n iraq my heart drops like what if its somebody i know =/
RT : With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Yeah! I hear think thier the new best tag team lets teach them a lesson
welcome, anytime
-- Rick, tell Jess as well
Tonight's the night!! Come party with Jessica Hernandez, The Juliets, and us at the Magic Stick. First band goes on at 9:15pm!!
BETRAYED BY THE MAN!! we r at the vet!
The beastie boys are everything to me
thank you
Shout out to all my followers
Kind and loving words seldom go in one ear and out the other.
that is awesome!
My dad did not let me get not even a good 3 hours of sleep last night. Thanks.
hey Jacob! I tried to follow you, but there was no link..what's the secret password?! ;) "mixingboard"??! Ha! :)
step back.. think BIG! Now go and do what you just thought about :)
Paid for it... can't let this happen again /:
All Relationships Go Through Shit, But It's The Real Relationships That Actually Get Through The Shit.
bike assembly service in Washington dc
helps cleveland
Love that! You made my day :)
Shettima: How can we support civil society organizations, ICT competent youth, and grantees for civic engagement
Got a for my bday & in deep love, love, love. Was using #pedometer app before, these features more rich. Altho I call it
sick of Dwight Howard nonsense. It's as bad as Carmelo saga..
It freaks me out when more than half my screen is covered in icons...
Looks great!
Lets go LAKERS we got the second half now.
lol sorry, thought I hit send...then I glance back at my computer and the message is still there lol...okay...paint here I come!
Despise that commercial RT : sobbing mother/daughter commercial [mute]
Braves won!(:
Makes me glad that I have 2 boys at home
The soccer match lead in a trip to the hospital.
Yankees v. Os dilemma resolved by wearing flowered shirt. Hope Os have sense to adopt Usher's O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o my gosh!
do you really think you have more swag than her bf bieber?
I had my GCSE maths exam today! i totally aced it! I hope..
Live at 8am - Get your week started right with another live episode of www.pdxsucks.com - today's topics: evil fruit smoothie vendors
thank you once my website is a bt more organized I hope you take a peek at it. for the hospice hnadbook..bles ya
So close to summer swim season! Can't wait to see all the eager swimmers coming to get their gear :)
why must you be so attractive
lmfao no ... I think it would reak if it was
Is suddenly really excited for this week. Mondays aren't all bad, I guess...especially when getting email from old friends :)
Comcast Reports 1st Quarter 2012 Results
Credit is the benefit of the doubt that even though you don't appear to have it now you'll have it in the future.It's more than a 51% belief
I'm going to ride this one out with D'Angelo tonight ...that honey mix of Brown Sugar & Voodoo. Amen.
Please Follow Me Austin I bEGG YOU EVERYDAY! Please Follow me!
Woo. keeps my Beat the Streak alive.
Amendment One and an old American struggle - Charlotte Observer
Clark County Genealogical Society meets tomorrow @ 10 @ Paseo Verde Lib & is open to all interested in learning about their family roots.
Thank You for the Mentions and ReTweets , , ,
I love <33333
I thought it was incredible-- never have I heard Brahms and Schumann sung with such nuance. The words came alive!
hit on my email mrsarlove
obviously cause you saw me :):)
lol nice one
Next week it's going to be a good one
Gonna watch the Avengers later...Anyone seen it.??
I'm braving the wind on J Street to try today! I've heard good things.
Winning election has become defensive necessity. But, can we change minds, hearts, beliefs - or is this fight forever ours? New strategy?
This is true, though the rhubarb sorbet is delicious and more #bodycomp friendly!
What? Your birthday? Happy birthday, darling. Sending you much love and luck with Silverwells too! I can't wait for it.
#idRatherHave Bad Times With , Then Good Times With Any Other Girls
RT Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :)
I thought it was! All action, humour and not much romance. It was great!
u r awesome! Thank you!!
Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on! Only YMAEWK will not be joining us. =( But Weatherbox is confirmed!
Excited for
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
oh my gosh! Thank you so much!!!! I would love to!
I keep ketchup or ketsup in the fridge
Sounds like a great Saturday night to me...
I am applying for both, it's a story about the states though. A phone call is necessary!
No, Shut Up you little faggotno one likes when you smile or laugh it scares the little ninjas livingin your daddys armpits!
" Happy mother day "
Thanks for the prayers and phone calls, he goes back to the doctor on Monday!
First day of summer plans: Go to bed at 9 p.m. Wake up at 3 p.m. I can't wait.
Update: Private contractor vehicle hit in crash w semi on I5 NB at pacific in Tacoma. Working to learn about injuries. Sky king en route.
Favre threw 2 no-lookers against Baltimore. Both were completions.
Chris Bosh is DONE for the season...I don't care what anyone says!! I'll even put money on it!
dudette u got THE on with u today, will have to watch for sure now
No please noRT I don't want to cheer against the Sonics, but does that mean I have to support OKC?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net The are not in trouble yet but the shouldn't have loss to the
RT : My phone really likes to autocorrect teabaggers to teqbaggers. No idea what that is... // Teabaggers who can't spell tea?
no offense chris
you have a boyfriend!?
Yolo ate an entire pack of uncooked bacon minus the three strips I had eaten already.
Shannon:"My leg is shaking." Me:"Why? Are you nervous to see your lover boy?" Shannon:"No. It just can't hold my weight." Hahahaha :'D
Report from says Trayvon Martin shooter to be charged with second degree murder; George Zimmerman is in custody.
It's 11:30 and I've already eaten my lunch. Now what?
The only number you need for all your business telecom requirements: 0844 880 2010.
yup. And hey, maybe SBR wouldda ended up married to a stripper. Who knows.
Sink your toes in the sand, hang out at Pelican Pub for dinner, get a free hat, breakfast + more! FREE! Just volunteer for Reach the Beach.
The collective consciousness that leads to a more 'cerebral' approach to fitness... -This is MindFirstFitness.
Inhale this then I'm in search
Maybe I'm the man suffering horrible hiccups and listening to Elton John. fuck
(1/2) RT : Rosin: To enhance the skills of the nation’s workforce, we must leverage technology and…
Good luck w/ your home search, Ellie. Many homes will be open to the public this weekend for the NAR Nationwide Open House.
Life of me & : getting to yoga class early to get a spot in the back. :) oh yeah!
Going to ikea the week that every state university starts is a bad idea.
fb crashed again..damn
So glad we've connected!
***BREAKING NEWS*** Millions reported injured after #Tebow Band Wagon derails... #pray for those injured!
Lmao ": #Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends."
Blumenthal: Cyber theft is the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world; an uncontroversial statement
I think I know who it is but I'm not saying names <33
how is it starving stuck in traffic
Really hope I get to see you on warped in Orlando(; gotta convince my friends! Haha
Billy Crystal: Master of the "Pause for Laugh".
We were talking last we and thought it funny that the NUGGETS made it to the playoffs w/o Carmello Anthony
Amazon has a lot of good indie albums for $5 this week: Trampled By Turtles, AWOLNATION, and The Tallest Man on Earth... to name a few.
Tonight! Live from the center of everywhere, being broadcast in the flesh at The Magic Stick ROGUE WAVE with GAMBLE HOUSE and JAVELINS
Fucking pissed that I had to re-install diablo
#BCEAGLES Gene DeFilippo needs to listen to real BC fans and FIRE SPAZ! Not EVER TO EXCEL
now open, a new coffee shop in North Portland, serving my fav cofeee Coava
Kerry responding to Romney is like mirror talking back to Romney
Ha! I miss you Ms. Davis!
this nigga just bit my neck.... crazy mf!
Oh yeah! I can't wait to see what else will be announced between now and then, as well.
Mam that line was something serious lol
oh good. state income tax check cleared, so both feds & state are done with.
Loving this keynote! : Sturgeon's Law: 90% of everything is crap. via
last Day was da best day of my whole life And She were the most Amazing Lady I Ever had
Are you planning to eat moderately over the holidays? Or just completely let it go?
Wasn't angry when I talked to him last month. He's smart, he understands things. If he pitches like he is, he'll be up soon.
I can't be alone with you, cause you kiss me when you're drunk.
As always, Thank u! RT : Always nice to end the weekend by catching up on the news with on
Merry Christmas and thank you for helping the Mona Lisa Code gain worldwide attention!
#oomf make me smile
Its cold af in here
Prevalent idea, no surprise, was access- for individuals, families, communities, special needs. How do we engage/connect?
this is genius!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet i hope my wish come true...
It's got it's perks I guess lol :) What's your fav part about London ?
Thank you for letting us be a part of the event. We enjoyed it!
You showed it to me last summer. Is it the Nook Color or Nook Tablet?
"The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy." Psalm 147:11
my friend is blowing up my notifications and commenting on all of our old fb pictures...
Maybe the Cards want to stick it to the Brewers. See, the huge mistake you made? :)
lol oh I'd smash both
A happy birthday goes out to #Fishers town Manager ! Have a great day.
Funny name right! RT ": Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm on" From full house?
We love that! RT : Ha! That's funny because I celebrate National Eat What You Want Day every day! :)
"Similar to you: " I guess Twitter saw our somewhat witty banter on 's wall.
. I'm with you on this. I once got scolded at the jazz kitchen for being loud during a performance...
The situation is having a party this weekend, come home and go with me!!!
did you win your game?
#IfOprahWerePresident "EVERYBODY HERE GETS A HUMPBACK WHALE!"
Aww thank you for the #FF! Right back at ya! <3
I just had real moonshine. Holy fuuuuuck gross! 💀
Hate moving, but gotta do so....
#webwise keynote on #dpla. Feeling there is major potential for #oralhistory somewhere in there.
When you are engaging a vendor before the sale and they don't deliver on their promises, don't expect any different after the sale.
Need a Music video for your mixtape email Get it Filmed by Andy Appleseed
Paper then one more exam
visit Facebook.com/SandyFeetEvents to answer our Thoughtful Thurs Question! Best answer gets FREE entry to Sparkle & Shine 5K!
what about boise and those potential matchups in football. Byu tcu and boise
If i didn't RT you back, that doesn't mean i hate you!! I love u all 💓😍😊😘
that's the where I have to deliver at 6 tonite
I know you like the way I put it togetha lol ☺
that is extremely
Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.
Finding I'm much more tied to the Twitters when I'm working at CHNM-Memphis. When in-residence, I'm connecting IP w/chnmers
we were so legit
noo haha it kinda sounds like The Decision. Glad it's not...I wouldn't enjoy doing PR for a film on that
Without #contraception how will #Catholic priests keep the alter boys from getting STD's?
Bitches be doin the most
Stay safe!
Using Your Social Influence to #BeTheChange by from Talent Rev up next!
Does the Cuse loss make UK the overall #1 no matter what happens tomorrow ?
Can it be #dirtydeezythursday or..
I'll dm it to you.
im rolling my eyes at you right now:P he gets lucky! I mean every at bat? They might wanna check that drug test again...
"A girl doesn’t need to tell you straight up how she feels, it’s written all over her eyes"
cold and wet at Camden Yards tonight, and not off to a good start
nah aint shit to do right now but smoke
happy birthday nicolette a good one
I'm surprised that when you switched to the old iPad, the lesser screen didn't bother you. That happens to me.
woop woop! my #bff is visting! watch out #vegas here we come!!!
pee is me
#PdPlus Learn about how crowd sourcing can help to fund your projects. Follow the convo!
Thank you sir! I'll be seeing you home in LA in a few weeks
“ Sometimes we wish someone would just look closely enough & see how broken we really are inside.”
The night is still young!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 40s. North winds around 5 mph.
Hearing hissing in a restaurant...and I look around like a moron trying to figure out who needs me
Been up for 1/2 hour already, Anyone else up so early and ready to enjoy the weekend
Just checking in. Hi everyone. It's a beautiful Saturday evening. I'm out with the sunset.
What it is? BCC Genre/Form Task Force is going to tell us in the Far East Room!
435 words only.. 😞
Enjoy! RT : appointments booked. #RVA restaurant week reservation made. Monday couldn't come any sooner.
No Holly didn't run off stage!!! Bwahaha.
LOL That's incredibly easy to simulate. And what about the spray tan smell??
you doing it?
RT Reading about Jesus is drastically different than a relationship with Jesus. Relationship matters. // totally agree!!
great. Graduated and on the way to the real world of music!
Sweet. Recommendation: Can't go wrong with "Kiss."
Every night, I go to bed, I take a trip, inside my head and I wonder
And I still don't have number
yeah some are exerting a bit too much for the beefcake
Q: How many PA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?A: Nine........one to do it and eight others to wish they'd been asked.
- Ah! That's awesome! I still remember in 4th grade having Bobby Orr sign that pic for me at Walter Brown arena!
Ok... Starting design process of my indie game.
I remember the first day me n him 1st met
haha I sent wmag a tweet about the photoshop of KStew. Would love to see the "before" photo. Looks more like clean & sober Lohan.
you have a house in Florida lucky I only have a house in California
There is only one way out - Newt, Callista and Marianne should go on Jerry Springer's show
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: CSI
deal! all we ask is that you
At the park now...weather is perfect! Happy Mother Nature Day today!
Ugh, I think it may be food poisoning.
this i agree with.
I should not eat in public.
This day just keeps getting better ;)
May u clean the her heart?. Please she is crazy,,,, and she is my mum :(
You would ask me, so imma let this Oakwood relax me
Kinda surprised to see Haley go (I assume)
I really love all your tweets they relate to me so well plus thy teach a good lesson as well :)
Spanish unions prepare for strike
he was young!! how old was he ??
#ADELE is so cute!!! Amazing! Talented!!!
Changing my picture because I'm one ugly motherfucker.
just started reading - very excited to dig in to this book!
saxsons kicked the crap out of US in rugby lol
Martin! We'd love to see another Skillshare class in Philly. Looks like it got great reviews!
bought the train tickets for Philly. Buying plane tickets for LSP Tues. (pay day).
Happy #Friday !
I invite you to follow me personally or for more professional tweets,
No Episode this week guys. Super special show next week though PROMISE!
My commitment to beauty/grooming begins and ends with trying to not be the oily friend.
oh I saw her on her Play On tour in 2010! And aww thank you! I'm sure you will!:)
": Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
please follow me!(:
Head to our neighbor, for #marchmadness RT Garage Doors will be open..1/2 off drinks for the Games tonite..open at 5
Dr. Dog tonight @ the Fillmore wouldn't miss it :)
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday </3 help me do the thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Great presentation on Effective Communication & Communications Audits by Karen Kleinz of #NSPRA. Lots of food for thought.
That "special/unique" smile that you get, whenever you're talking to the person you like.
Thanks very much, Dawn! How are you?
Between this brandon appleby and this fucking Brandon Maffitt kid, I don't know who is going to get fucking hunted down & hit first.
Got locked out of my place.My neighbor was amazing!We drank #SkinnyGirl margaritas & waited for my roommate 2 get back! Thx Sarah
what was this magical Colleen shirt? Ps watching drive finally omg Ryan gosling!
Did you know Supreme Court Justices cannot clap during a State Of The Union address ?
this weekend was really fun! excited for next weekend!!
Getting ready for Alabama Shakes at the Austin City Limits taping. Can't wait!
Life is so quiet w/ one dog! I kind of love it :)
OH YEAH PAULY D PROJECT YEAH
I need a vacation.... #springbreakplans?
omfg sounds like my dad.
5 minutes until half, Japan hangs on to a 8-7 lead
Yessir! Finally going this year! Who you shooting for?
Ok who knows a magic jeannie? I could use one.
I'm finding that sending back artifacts from the mission field was an important part of raising support and money back home.
Happy Fathers Day!!! Enjoy it to the fullest
So I joined a team on etsy, maybe I can get more views on my shop? =) trying new things
yes you do! They are out there right now filming before they start the summer tour :)
Kentucky is unfortunately too good. IU has played them the best in the tourney thus far.
Got 2 tickets to Bon Iver at Radio City..#ticketmaster wouldn't accept my credit card..tickets now released.You feel the love?
I'm tryna ball
Could giveaway a PRIDE mousepad, Rousey vs Tate 8x10 poster or a signed Josh Barnett 8x10.Thoughts?
What to do on this beautiful day? Hhhhhhmmmm
That was a 5-hour infomercial for NASCAR.
Just sent a fax in with a request to exhibit sales group. thanks.
I wish she'd text me and tell me what she wants
How did Jimmy eat world come up with their name? Is one of the band members a super ambitious dude named Jimmy?
cooling with some
well shit I'm a vampire I gotta be up in four hours. But I have insomnia so I don't sleep
So this dude I thought was Vin Diesel is actually Pitbull?
I barely noticed in catching up to my hommie 's tweets ^.^
Teamworkout where u at? At gym now getting it in. Weights 1st and u know what's next - spinclass.
Pres. Grant born on this day Hiram Ulysses. Congressman's recommendation to West Pt. referred to him as Ulysses Simpson & the name stuck.
Is into Salon takeover. Will I seriously watch anything Bravo airs? I guess so.
Or the bear will only get brighter headbands, bigger mustaches and more PBR.
follow me?! I'LL LOVE YOU FOREVER. I'll support even if you don't. You should check out my music though.
Taylor is going to like win so many grammys tonight!!
