Recording with today! Can't wait! See you there
I NOT WANT HIM.
#ghettowaystodie trippin over a hobo on the steps to the subway
Always something new to learn right? Our archivists constantly find new things as they help public w/ research
Who hasn't messed around with Reggae...
RT : "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~Albert Einstein
Good to hear. RT : ": We had a productive day."SO DID WE
Look at those good bowling people rock on #KICK SOME ASS PUNKS
yes it is. i think was a good track to the schedule. i think they should add it to cup schedule instead of sonoma.
happy birthday srry I said it so late I wasn't able to say it earlier #HappyBirthday I live u so much and I wish u the best
What I haven't ate all week at home I most likely eat here <<<
Some rain is (finally) on the way this weekend, but curious to hear how dry weather is affecting Marylanders? Please RT!
Looking forward to that! Do you need anything more from me for the CD cover?
Happy to have tweeting.
thanks very much. :) what did you try?
Permission slips for writing workshop? I sure do. Stop by 176 to pick one up!
I will be looking for representation soon. Talents only 1/3rd of the equation so, I'll do my part.. : )
RT : Bagpipes, drum circles, and trash unicorns. It was a great delight to be there! Thanks! RT : Thanks for a...
of course!!! FYI I'm moving back home :/
ok i got to say i am behind rham in chicago. at least you know where he is coming from and i believe he really does love this city.
Wanna be a balla shot calla 20 inch blades on the impala call er' gertin laod ta'nhyte #ayee gutta chick
Well today was<<<<<<<but dat blunt ws on time
oh goodness, no. I think it started soon after the school was founded in the 60s.
champ burger is freaking fantastic! thanks to and for a potentially life changing experience- at least artery-wise
I'm in love with harry potter.
Customize your Presentation Folders at NYC Printing 123. Get them as fast as same day. NYC Printing 123 offers the solution for all your...
..still waiting on the whites to dry tho.
Ha YES!
just dont walk away from music, I need to learn everything I can from you!! :)
thanks little guy
oh! Sorry, for spam, lolol. (:
now its time for him to take me shopping (:
Thats the way to go! Are you going to New Orleans?
Congratulations Dowden-Wayne American Legion Post 64 for another 100% membership year! Are 1,000 members in the cards?
I hate being single.... Especially on Valentine's #forever alone
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
It's feel good Thursday! ;-)
lesson learned
I don't think there are any real friends out there anymore.
That's not even something you joke around about.
Ok, ok... So I tried the 10€ prix fix and it failed les miserables!!!
involvement in world war 2. For america to sustain the excess of the post world war 2 years it has been involved in
"man get cho ass on bro" loll
finally home!!
Thanx for the RT : RT : I'm proud to be one of the few candidates in #Richmondbc that "fully supports" a living...
love that song, too bad my daughter can't hear it.
#sea Tell us about your most unusual hobby
When you hear twin fiddles and a steel guitar... is watching #PureCountry again. :)
Thank you!
Funny video! www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kcOHJqrV2g&hd=1
$/o to thanks
All Fascinators reveal a different way to think, and if they can absorb our focus, they have the capacity to change our opinions.
I want more followers :/ anybody? #f4f ?
I Haven't Seen in The Longest !
Looking to connect with Detroit area .Net & SharePoint Developers. Shoot your resume to and give me a call @ 248.351.3813
nothing at all
Come explore the VAC today with all our free programs and events happening right now until 9PM tonight!
Its time to 'man up' :)
heck yeah....Spain wins World Cup 1-0 over the Netherlands!!!! :)
major bummer! :-(
I am superman REM Life's Rich Passion
This recession sucks. I still can't find a job with my bachelor's in biology! Thank goodness I'm in school working on an engineering degree!
It must be good luck! It's got to be.
I hate being rushed when I know I have fucking time
Answer My Question What's My Name.!
Packers need to deliver the dagger here
Lyketsos: science & religion both benefit from dialogue, moving from conflict to conversation
I can do that;)
Worlds Greatest Elvis Tribute April 14th in Baltimore "Like Us" for details and special promotions !!!
It's almost Thanksgiving!!!! we are working this weekend setting up a party, but we will enjoy having tomorrow off!
testing my new seo tool :) not happy with UI
Eventually I will catch a break and someone will give me a chance.
Few albums can stand up to Velvet Underground's "Loaded". It never gets old.
Love at first sight voice of an angel the perfect human being <3(:
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting.
Truth Be Told:Wanna look like a cooked-lobster? Use the block! The clouds actually magnify the sun's harmful rays.
I guess I'll head to DStreet.
Tomorrow is RAW... OUTFIT ... CHECK ... NEW HAIR... CHECK... ACCESSORIES ... CHECK.. MAKEUP GALORE ... CHECK CHECK... :) come visit me!!!!
im at drill
I know exactly what escalator you're talking about! I rode it during a fifth grade field trip. It blew my mind even then.
soon have a twitter!.
HaHa I know I can't think of it!!!
When hard work meets opportunity Greater Than Moments happen. No doubt it will.
not at all. It's weak. Not the way a game should be decided.
Aight cool 10"4 if yall ain't drop it by the 1st of next month don't worry about it we gota have everything done by Dec.
Texas' Tristan Thompson had a coming out party tonight against Illinois. He looked like an NBA lottery pick, though Illinois' big men=soft.
bad teeth are SO bad!
So nice to see you yesterday. Thanks for the lovely lunch!
Since Brian Azzarello is writing a couple of these Watchmen prequels, can Alan Moore please write PHIL GRAVES, AGENT OF TRUST?
when and where?!
What a night! Went to see Never Shout Never! I'm in love and I need an electric guitar!
Oops! Forget to book your travel? We've got you covered with our LAST MINUTE DEALS on air, hotel & cars. Save a bundle! www.FreeXpedia.com
god morning cutie<3(;
being in Philadelphia....I haven't said #NephsIke in years lol
so thankful you are our Coach.. Excitement is back for The Big Blue Nation
Had a great time on set today!
boo who do you hate:(
Heartwarming, home cooked meals every day - have you tried our Bison meatloaf? M M.
— Congrats Ash!
We're ready when you do win!
i can ake pic at school & u can upload it
I seriously didn't think it was going to happen. Yay!!
Rangers WIN! Nice Job Joe! I will be nice until you blow another save. I promise!
I NEED FOOD OTAY!
“It isn’t personal when they don’t like you and it isn’t personal when they do.”
doing this golf thing for the first time since I served at the driving range in Boulder
no, the email situation was fixed up. Its in ur name now
This was the llloonnggeesst Monday in modern history
Thanks for spreading the word on our launch into the Bay Area. We are excited about it!
Are you gonna be looking at high-end catalogs during med-school lectures or what?
Multnomah county sherff's office says 238th to 244th in Wood Village likely closed till at least dawn while investigating
Fireworks Safety: Do not set off fireworks near children, pets, or the Gulf of Mexico.
OMG! That would be so fun. Scotty beam me down to Larptopia Prime!
Is LaRussa sure he wants Lance Lynn up?
I just went through our whole facebook history together. I miss you!
Mostly my Sony NEX-5 (for travel photos). RT : What type of camera do you use?
haha i did own all of them but idk where i put all of them :D i swear once you go FP you NEVER go back haha <-- lame
nice talk.
Party time!
Heading to after work today!
The Three Laws of Prosperity: Be kind to everyone, Never speak ill of anyone, Never speak ill of yourself. ~Yogi Bhajan
Did you know I am in NOLA???? I am playing Circle bar tonight with Tyler. Do you still have my snuff?????
I always put my iphone in one spot. Sadly i forgot that a had a cup of water in that spot. So i put it in the cup -_______-
Spo the terrible coach is at it again
lol, that was quick! Hope you like it.
Yeah... but isn't it too much sometimes?
Oh, i got plenty of Soul Kool Aid to hand out.
Still up in deep thought!!
My favorite super bowl commercial so far...... #DavidBeckham 😍
Happy Cinco de Mayo... Now who's bringing the Tequila?
Follow me and I will follow back teamfollowback
It's interesting how people treat writers until they want to write a novel.
Guess she didn't trully love me after all
Tonights Hero of Hope award is one of the most exciting things that has ever happened to me!
lol I'm asking my mommy if her pass works
Explain to me again what exactly finding your friends has to do with stitched leather?
Girls: say they love eachother. Are friends for a couple years Boys: call eachother fags, bitches,and assholes. Are friends for a lifetime.
#GSeriesFITFriday eat some salmon if u want to get fit. It is high in protein and low in fat. It's also tasty!
@ cms technology convention
Recently saved a hamster from a cat in an alleyway. I named him Potato. Fattening him up until I run out of food. Gonna be pretty soon, guy.
IT'S TRUE. but I learned my lesson
I am.
“: The fact that & I are gonna start chilling more >” <3 more bonding
You should, it's pretty awesome!
nice:) good luck!
the first cup of coffee is as orgasmic as sex. the oos ahhs ms so good oh god yes sounds in the morning gulping this cup o jiz is lovely.
You know it would be awesome to have a suprise visit from someone kind enough to bring me food. That would be so sweet
I like really love the Fire album by Kaskade no matter what mood I'm in.
Fights shouldn't end until someone is KOed.
there's no whining in twitter. #twitterhug for you too! Look forward to your tweets and links.
Looking for awesome, inspiring quotes? Well follow #bestthingever :-)
not there but will say hello anyways... Hello!
is on her way to crashing and burning.
bow chicka wow wow!
very cool, but know more repeat players PLEASE !!!
"Turn my sorrow into treasured gold - You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you've sown." ::adele::rolling in the deep::
What keynote are #IRA2012 attendees most looking forward to?
Ha! I had the same reaction. "This is news?"
Conclave, givenness. Maybe it’s time for a different question. Why doesn’t everyone choose to this? -morphose in a chrysalis of build/ings
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down. - Arnold H. Glasow
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m. Go, Bucks!
u never do it lollx#ThatToSad. But i did everything but not the ones tht need the cal. Wht did you me in his class
Hungrier than a hostage
"Reflective practitioners are capable of learning as they lead." --Roland Barth. And vice-versa, no?! --mwp
I didn't know you could have TWO soulmates..
If anyone here wants it, I have a Ghost Recon Online closed beta key. Just tweet or DM me if you want it
Do you love me because I am beautiful or am I beautiful because you love me?
i miss dan wheldon :( he one best driver in the world wish he wasn't killed but shit happen in the crash
all you black friday shoppers, please dont get mad/ill/angry w/employees, we did not ask u to come out in this craziness that was ur choice!
Three words- Carly Rose Sonenclar. Heard her sing for the first time tonight and was completely blown away! She owned that song.
when and where
true, everything from bullet in a bible and earlier right
Jeez, I'm bummed about #Awake even tho I knew it was coming... it's sorta killing my #Fringe finale buzz...
Here's to the Mahomies who keeps Austin Mahone as a secret in school.
As psychic mom said: you'll see world's 2nd largest pecan, rodeo, Houston sports radio angry about Bills ascendency, and a Shrimp ManShrimp
just declared his love for the Gold Card members in the audience. We love you too.
would love to meet you!!!!!!!! Come to Chicago?????
Requests call or text 615 212 9447 listen now & rock out
well I know that if I step out on a Philly street at the wrong time I'm toast (any day!) They sure do scoot in this city!
We are proud to welcome to the family Tyler Bell as our new guitarist. Check out our single "Disconsolation"!
are you guys at home ??
M! RT : Nothing like dripping garlic sauce on your scarf during lunch. Awesome taste - Bad accessory.
. create the opportunity for yourself. There are many ways you can make your own exposure. Develop new characters.
For #WomensDay, think about ways you can un-mute your voice and truly express yourself!
damn girl i cant keep up wit all u account
What's the difference between an ice cream cone?
Is there anything better in this world than a tiny hershey's kiss with an almond inside?
Afternoon...al yalllllllll From Houston Texas..When You can, Pray for all the Children out there that are suffering from Abuse
Not gonna lie, if it weren't for Telephone, I would've never become a Beyoncé stan.
EPIC Spring Gala w/ Vagabond Opera and Fishtank Ensemble
Did you know biomass is the oldest source of renewable energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire.
Someone made a visit to the 7th floor I see! Wait to stop by and say hi...
Does anyone have a sailboat?
Welcome home ...lets spread this crack!
Is it possible to place an ad on your blog? Who do I email about that? Can't find info on the site. Thanks!
OMG I Was In A Car Accident Today... =(
anyone who's name looks like it's pronounced "ass dribbles" needs to do whatever they can at the plate to step up the swag.
Progression 2(A young playa)-I bump this bro
No bug at all... spending too long at the computer, the solution was right in front of me. Code does things to you... fixed
It's not bing weak it's call not dealing with your bs
It all comes down to this i miss ur morning kiss
Wise words as always. “: If they weren't there for you during your hardest times, then they don't deserve to be there at all.”
finally!!! #kobe was horrible last 5 mins. I guess that clutch gene is time selective
Churchill: We will fight them on the beaches; Reagan: Tear down this wall; Obama: Follow me on twitter.
#NowPlaying: The suspense radio drama #Sorry, Wrong Number
out here thuggin brotha better not even look at my bag wrong
these circus performers shouldn't speak
Laundromat not nearly as fun as the internet makes it look. Hardly any singing and dancing.
- ok, but that's not telling me very much. Anyone can be an Internet creeper.
when I saw him my eyes were at his teeth. Let's just say his teeth are PERF!(:
Yes! Especially this year. RT : I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
I hear the sun is planning on making an appearance around 12PM. I wanna look when he arrives - cause u know - he's the sun.
Breathe in experience, and remain a lifelong learner.
it's because you were rubbing your face on my shoulder you bell end.
Glad the girl recognized you, but sorry the printer gave you trouble. Let me know if we can help. You can reach out to too.
I'm excited about my softball game tonight. I hope it's a repeat of last week. A win.
I really hope tomorrow night happens
This guy on the bus looks like Mickey Rourke wearing a zebra striped leather officer's cap
In a working group right now on that same topic! If everyone listens to us we will revolutionize liberal learning. :-)
.'s voice is booming through the restroom for the !!!
yay, congrats! :D
Too damn early
He'd end up blowing all his wages for the week, all for a cuddle and a peck on the cheek.
Next on the at 615 previews the Yankees series opener with the Blue Jays tonight. Play-by-Play here on
Yea He My Kinfolk N I Love Em..... But Az A Man I Do Not Respect Him.......
stone mtn. Or close to you I do have wheels. Lol
Thank you so much for the punch and the beer!
Godspeed and sunscreen 🌵🌴
I got like 5 tubes of blood drawn and i actually thought i was gonna faint lol im so weaak
If we all play our cards right #komen will have no funds to contribute to Planned Parenthood for any purpose
Where r u guys !!?? the place is full ( :
If Wichita St had this game would be over already!
I'm just staring at ass....that thing is HUGE!!!!!!
I'll take your place this week :)
We all know that there is no soy milk...because there is no soy tittie
I loved your presentation on Title IX...even though I wasn't there (sniff, sniff). Undergrad commencement today! Yay! #SLA12 -- Ted
Just waking up from a nap
"You just put your chocolate in my peanut butter".. #hearditinthekitchen w/
Part I: The Top Social Media Disrupters of 2011 According to Even More Smart People « Radian6 - Social Media Monitoring and...
Well, well, well. Facebook deleted my account and they don't give me a reason why and there's no getting it back.
Thanks for the favorite and we have returned the favor. We hope you have a great weekend.
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it. - Jack Nicholson
u are so adorable
U better believe I will...not everyday we go for 28...that's history in the making!
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey live on line enjoy!!!!
We have a great furnished rental in Del Mar for $3500! Anyone in need of a lovely 4 bedroom to rent for about 6 months?
Hitting Vegas at the end of the month. Two shows! Road trip!
Attending the #Fishers Plan Commission. Big crowd for the review of Sweetwater Creek Apartments.
Dueling 50 Shades interviews...oddly, I don't care about either of them!
Just pushing the karma right back into the world. I'm a very lucky guy :)
There are millions of little you's in those 15 ml you flush down the toilet. We DO NOT need so many you's though LOL
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow! Our shoot is finally gonna pull through:'D
that makes sense I should've clicked on the link(;
Friendship and money: oil and water. - Mario Puzo
thanks homie! give me a couple months to put something out
Our latest display is about computer crime and computer forensics. Can anybody say "steganography"?
awe...thank you
Yeah that's what makes me so upset :( she's friends with EVERYONE. Even Angus T Jones Dude. It makes me so sad.
sounds sick man. i'm coming in town today so we for sure gotta kick it
My 2 year old told me tonight that she has "Moves Like Jagger". Should I be worried?
Welcome aboard new followers! :)
he favors everyone that followers him brother #Teamfollowjeseus - he favores the the lost to be found one day as well ;)
um. he definitely has cover PHOTOS of his songs. -_-
Thank you so much(:
cross tabs show Walkers approval with independents down 10 points and down 8 points with Republicans from last month
what is this ? children of the corn.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO LETS GO,,CHECK US OUT ON YA ANDROID RADIO are ya android ,DOWNLOADTUNE IN RADIO
Much respect for
Any nutritious/easy/quick #recipe suggestions for a #libraryschool gal on the go? I'm suffering from a startling lack of culinary creativity
This bus reeks of Apple products.
Wtf bon iver?! What was his hit Mange? Didn't we see this guy on "how to catch a predator"
Finally finished my expense reports! About to head for food, then to the GYM! Happiness is a productive day even when it is cold & rainy!
Emma Watson Makes Like a Ballerina in Elie Saab Who says you have to wear pastel pink to look like a pretty ballerina? Not Emma Watson! T
RT : If she has to take her retainer out to blow you,
[Campus Bulletin] Students complaining about housing assignments, surely you didn't expect anything good to come from a GT department?
#LMAO u wish this was #SPAM you dont have to be stupid just know this me and my people will be at level 50 plus...the day it releases
That makes no sense. Lol. Are you busy?
u haven't seen that but don't get me started on Popeyes smh
steak or chicken?? And tell gaby save me 3 of em! :)
Damn it Adam tweet something!
Gotta love pay day :)
I'm down.
I love little kids 😊💗
Our pleasure! RT : Wow! Thanks you! RT: Erinn M. Cox helps you Redefine What It Means to be An Art Collector:...
SUPERNATURAL Time!:D
hey,how r u?
We are always looking for a reason to go to William-Sonoma. My wife loves kitchen gadgets and things.
this seems very odd. IMO
I almost got that ! Looks legit
Honestly, I'd take the Metro to Hopkins and bike from there. Multimodalism!
omg i havent heard this song in a while!! I don't wanna be in love -Good Charlotte 10th grade #memories :')
It's weird to have such a deep connection and love for a country where I have never lived
Aye! Unless you've actually been in one of the Armed Services, STOP calling yourselves soldiers! War Vet Speak!
great to see you all - thanks for being there!
Laying down in the dark listening to Misser's new album, relaxing.
RT "Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face." - Victor Hugo
Some things never change... and some do...
Report a problem is grayed out. It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed. I need to have this removed.
RT : I will be attending. :) Haven't heard from too many planning to attend. Hope that's not an omen.
“: just go w the flow yolo”yep that's the motto
Einstein's has entered the 2011 Battle of the Burgers! Saturday, October 1st from 12:00 to 4pm at John Howell Park in Virginia-Highlands.
Gunna miss my baby though.. Working all weekend.. :|
| "Write one scene a night for three months, and you’ll have a movie—you can even use the weekends." ~ Bruce Joel Rubin RT
Earn great rewards on your visit to foodsmart!Tap to Belly!
Any word when the 2012 edition of the Provence guide will be available in the iBooks store? Only seeing 2011 currently. Thanks!
hey hey just sitting here rolling my hair and thinging of him !!:) lov him um... plzzzzz reply back i am bored !plz!:)
Can't even explain how much love I'm feelin' for you!<3
Dnt bring it round me or ull get #tossed RT : The big ass golf kind? RT I only buy the flyest brellas
Broncos have more Superbowl appearances then the Raiders and 1 less AFC West title. Closer comparison then you think.
Jammin' on a Pyramid Discord IPA, Mr. M on vinyl, and some 80 degree weather.
Show last night kicked ass happy bday rev and burley!! And thanks to all the fans who came out we love ya!
A lot of folks are pointing out to me that the Academic ≠ the MPAA.
Shawn Cunix is only person I know at table. He witnessed the whole bluff and didn't say a word. #TrueProfessional Won a small one, 34k
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares about her, even after he's already got her.
Bellflower Talent show this summer!!! ^.^
when we all getting back in the Yo
okay kiss said that they r looking for a billboard that shows youre a true fan like no okay. Writing on yourself, putting (c)
Performing with the Bobby Hutcherson Group tonight & tomorrow night at Yoshi's San Francisco.
Needs to give the one that wants my attention, my attention. I dont skate on concrete.
What What, I'm up! Born to do it Die Doing it-Entertainer!!!
The moment your screwed when you see two little kids holding hands and kissing eachother on the cheek. And you don't even like anybody.
Dang why can't let one mistake go?!?!?! Yeah I'm talking to !!!!!!
I need to make you some new CDs!
Indescribable!! Feelings always change at some point of time
I do not know
(TONITE) WE LIVE @ THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
I want a new life and I want it with you.
Offer Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set | Best ...
just send it bk let me hear it....
Happy Birthday to my lovely daughter, Tamia!
lol y y'all going hammer lmao
hey Zayn do you have an instagram? and if yes what is it?
Elmon gets his o back for now
Our members are having a fabulous time shopping at the SF Warehouse Sale! What was your favorite purchase!?
and im just seeing ur text smh ell.. i was so tired u don't even know
Woo!! We're in Austin!!!!! #ThreeMoreHoursToGo 😳
finally going to see the NYC protests today. will report back with observations.
GODDAMNIT Y U PROTECT AWESOME TWEETS I CAN'T RETWEET
I can't find my red lipstick fml
proud to be belieber
You can now purchase classes on our website through PayPal!!! You can also make a donation to our equipment/scholarship fund!
I know God has a plan for m... :) all smiles cant wait to tell yall <3
Guess I lost the rapture lottery. See y'all in hell!
agreed. pandering to a degree. i'd rather hear about it when interest rates are actually down.
I'm leaning towards DVR and then get the public opinion... I'm afraid it's like a train wreck.
that's my friend Katie's bf!
Getting ready to install some brand new #Ultracraft displays this week. Come by the showroom to check them out
i like your style.
Our thoughts and good vibes go out to those in Japan devastated by the
Gimme 8 Days... I going Launch 3 Spoken Words One Time!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 7
The Supreme Court declined to decide whether California doctors & patients have the right to challenge state Medicaid cuts....
Happy Birthday Madboy! i love you so much it's not even funny I can't believe you're 14! 😘💙
Did you know that you can control what photo shows up on your photos app under your cover photo? Ask me how!
followed btw love your username. :)
RT : I'm having Jump Around withdrawals.
oh em gee did you cry at the end of taping?
it did lol
Glad to be back in my studio, painting...and looking forward to Open Studio this Fri, Sat, Sun, 10am to 6pm
That was cute
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 13
That RT just made my day.
I feel you!
i'm a fantastic intern. i bring your favorite soda along with your chips without you even needing to ask.
Kohl "don't know how long I'll own the team. I'm willing to make personal contribution to new facility. "
Wonder bar wasted
Gotta get out of Memphis!!!!
The on-line business world is gonna change on Aug 21! Had a sneak peek...wow!
He really did look at ease. That was great to see.
Democratic Assembly leader Peter Barca is now testifying here in Dane County court.
Was waiting for the day made it on #thesoup !
The first will take place in Hungary on the 27th-31st of July, the second will take place in the Czech Rep
We Are Against SOPA if it's going to effect youtube users from uploading covers of other people's songs.
wish I could watch sportscenter
Have you gotten your real estate assessment letter yet? They were mailed this week
tweet this shnizznizzle. I'm huggin you right now.
What are your fav Stan Turrentine records?
We're in the same ballpark and we look forward to hitting some homeruns with you.
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW 2
.: archives produce difference and reveal tensions in history
I am open to the wisdom of god, and as I follow God's guidance, my life is full and satisfying.
hahahaha! Id be sipping a bloody mary!
Proud to see lil homie doing the right shit ....
aint about how fast I get there.. And aint about what's waiting on the other side...it's the climb!! #keepmoving #keepclimbing!!
How do you think Payton's suspension will sit with Drew Brees and his contract negotiations?
Party basics 101: always keep back up sun shades in your vehicle
It's raining so good here in the far ne heights. I hope the whole city's getting good and drenched! lol, catsndogs. ;)
Just laying in bed, watching Edward Scissorhands again hahahah good night :)
Count down, prayer, setup and we are expecting and ready for you all here early 2moro! Conference begins at 8
90! How'd you do it. I can't last more than 2 minutes on Fox News
Looks like a solo trip to see The Avengers on Friday
I need coffee quick
**Tools Programmers** A Developer- London
#ThingsThatPleaseMe What can I say other than , , . ♡
Turning to the trusted Magic 8 Ball for answers RICH SHEPOSH Fantasy - Wilkes Barre Times-Leader
please follow me!:)
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you..
interesting convo with about the electorate. question about the electoral college. is it necessary?
I can't feel my toes
Did you know that there is someone whose job includes squeezing toothpaste on a toothbrush for Prince Charles?
#moverslongisland available at your service today & Sunday! Sunday available at Your request! Need a last-minute move? We have availability
the place to go
Urging you to support Council Member Koretz's medical marijuana ordinance. It's time to figure it out without a ban.
the one with the beats
o we should get them done together cx
Not the U-T tour but the next social for sure!
what's the debate? I'm late
L.O.L I love the metaphor! :)
I mean for real... Why cant they let you off... What would it be... All day Thurs and Friday? And I cant go anyway...
Finishing 2.5 hours on the reference desk. Busy on Monday = good.
Ladies, if you're ever in a social situation and you want a guy to leave you alone, casually slip "lady doctor" into the conversation.
hahahahaha quit talking shit on me
Stanton Warriors ... Come out and play!!!!!!!!
thought u were gonna b funny.
Sometimes you can make up for your mistakes with your hustle.
having trouble connecting my FB acct to Mailchimp - setup button redirects to my dashboard.
I remember being at a party years ago and someone busting out a cc demo TAPE!! i knew i was hearing something special!
Thank you US Military!!!
": Way too many Leaf fans here tonight. Couldn't they detain some at the border?" Where's TSA when you need them?
that is great!
in school /: wbu??
Thank you for the favorites and RT's
Not even
#NowPlaying: Tonight's The Night by
I want to move to Florida. Or San Diego.
My friends are getting there Indian name off the Internet. Decided to get my white name off the Internet. It is . . . Sebastian.
Come join us for the very best coupons, deals, and savings tips! Just posted a free sammich coupon for Arby's! Get on it! :)
Don't really like that call since high chance of 20 yard line start
aw shucks....i'll scream obscenities at the opposing team in your honor.
#RIPAngel. You will missed! Even though I didn't know you, you were the best dog ever! <`3
Catching my plane to Seattle for Immersion!
Much as I like tweeting online, I get nervous & stammer when 'tweeting' offline to same peeps. Why?? Anyone else experience same phenomenon?
have you started your website yet?
I have work to do and would really appreciate it if you'd go outside and play in traffic.
is gonna be here soon! :D #sooohappy :DD
thanks for the follow!!!!
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. John 15:13.
Thank you for the responses. All in all it could be an interesting conversation regarding how 'our buildings shape us back'
is presenting "Follow Through: Smart Tactics for Job Seekers," with , 7/20/11, 2 PM EDT, sign-up bit.ly/9v4VBf.
Wasup bro Naw couldn't find her she told me to remind her of the party saturday
#MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia Q & you could win a School Guide to McCombs! Please note, players can only win once.
Shhhhh! Don't let hear about any functioning tot lots! He'll send in his goons!
Well that settles it we have to see Footloose!!
Is this something we could help you get? GA is far away!
finalist for PSU job reportedly
DH bunt strategy didn't work with next 2 striking out, but credit to LSU for battling.
this is just damn embarrassing. i dont think its worth it.
#community best show ever. Seriously need
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! !!
What's the worse thing that you've experienced at the dentist?
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Guys, when your wife asks you to take trash outside and you say "yes dear in 5 mins", and she has t
Thanks for the tweet!
Knowing that one person will never change
Unsure if I can take this. Seriously crazy
sometimes i think is a stuck up celebrity when hes rude to fans.
That moment when the sommelier waits as you judge wine is SUPER important - please treat it somberly.
Following & during the budget vote reminds me of listening to Cincinnati Reds play by play on AM radio in 80s
RT : You cannot be a selective about civil rights. Either you stand for the rights of all or for none
Listening to the new River City Extension here in the office. Get ready for your heads to explode in awesomeness on June 5th. cc/
Audition tip #8: Have at least 2 memorized monologues. They should show your range but they should NEVER be from a popular movie or play!
Wow #JAGK and #1forme1foru is trending ....good day :)
I'd suck the scales off of a King Cobra for this work day to end right now
DeRo hat trick on its way... 1 down, 2 to go.
New to this show me some love
Big thanks to you John Folks...
Ford will invest $135 million in its future hybrid-electric vehicles, part of an EV strategy that starts with the 2011 MKZ Hybrid this fall
This year I'm giving up Catholicism.
How can they like your pages, images & comments if they don't know-Don't be afraid to ask friends, customers to like your new Facebook items
I LOVE this story! Warms my heart. Thanks for sharing!
Flurries on a blustery #Loudoun day resemble late-summer fireflies; White pixies darting in every direction, seeking the ground.
that's fine with mee :) just let me know!
ME TOO. I have 0 patience ok
Happy Labor Day every one! Be safe! Currently watching the Criminal Minds marathon on A & E!
I think I was followed - indifferent w/o some insight. I seem to be getting closer to SFZC
About to be knocked out on this PORCH...GOODNIGHT *bHADD)
still trying to convince my mommaa!
If I was on American Idol, I would totally be one of those people that cuss out the judges & throws shit around.
i want to stick my face in a bowl full of yogurt.
I am almost there cone now
you just try to come visit me in the paint!! ;)
so public policy maj w/non profit & marketing? so u will produce communications that make no money which tick off the public? :)
cool! link?
awww <3 i look forward seeing u too!
Love riding my bike in Minneapolis!
i went 2 c Orlando vs. Knicks didn't go so well at #knicks has to pick up the effort! Magic won! Lol
The days are finally getting longer. Don't remind me that have been since 12/22/2011 either.
You cut some hairs off.. :)
Deleted my Goodreads acct. I feel better already.
happy birthday !!!!!!!! God bless u girly. <3333333333333
We're hearing there are donut burgers and roast beef sundaes among other stuff at the #LilacFestival ... anyone try either one yet??
when did I call u a bitch
Warm ups have begun at Magness arena. Bucky vs DU best of 3 series. We have our own 300 going, 22 Badgers vs Everybody. Game on boys
It's so refreshing to see someone remind us that Google has a client that isn't us, that Jobs has liquid assets that serve his bottom line.
You definitely should! I work on archaeology projects related to Butrint & the Pavllas River Valley. Awesome place to be.
10/20 nlhe @ O11 w/ a straddle about 1/2 the time. I booked a $5k win thanks in part to a flopped flush tripple-up.
they come in batches -- when I come home I'll get 2-4 alerts all at once. Probably happened 3-4 times.
When a cat adopts you there is nothing to be done about it except put up with it until the wind changes – T.S. Eliot
I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
on my phone
was that from the Simpsons episode about young adult fiction?
The cold air brought a light fog blanketing the forest in an eerie mist.Suddenly,two men come crashing through the brush and into a clearing
Then why not a home and home?
Smh. My advice...just keep that ish out your circle and you good.
this survey <<<<
People who are following me professionally please be prepared for lots of personal tweets over the next two weeks!
Amen to that! : I used to work 8hrs/day bldg some1 elses biz. I can work to build mine
Same 2 u all!
": On it right now." Thanks, ill check again later
My daughter texts so fast she responds to my texts before I can finish typing them!
First carnival of the year. Kris calls them Carnivoires. That is a good call, they eat your money.
Good sushi date :-)
There is a difference between power and authority
I just took some ibu/tylenol...waiting for it to work.....
bout to get dressed for class!
1,000 followers. SCORE! Thanks y'all!
my dogg, miss ya!
Haven't forgot about you...we wanna be involved.
Aural skills IV written exam & voice jury tomorrow. Prayers appreciated!
": What are you drinking tonight?" Belvedere martini dry, vermouth in and out, stirred not shaken with a twist of lemon.
Forever I Will Be A Killjoy
Great class at SAG Conservatory yesterday
Vietnamese noodle salad with shrimp and grilled chicken thigh--it was in the 50s in Chicago, for goodness sake!
hahaha xD he only told me tho & I haven't told anyone! But girl you're so lucky!
per yer jab at Portland fans .. You've changed man, it used to be about the music!
Good morning indeed!
America Reads Spanish FREE PASSPORT TO LIBER 2011 Program. Don't miss this opportunity to attend the Spanish Library Book Fair in Madrid....
“: retweet for a shout-out!😘” RT
you guys ready yet??? Stong body bars ready to try??
I don't know why but I'm just not a big fan of the boogaloo
1st day of Spring. Dense AM fog, then partial sun. Highs around 70. Record warmth possible Thu. & Fri. w/ highs approaching 80.
And My Bed Feels Amazing <3 I Missed It <3
Glad you like what we're doing, Talya! Keep an eye out for a big update to the app coming next week.
Jim Carrey might not have actually made the movie Leap Day, but really, he did.
Looking for People who want me to come in and do a sample!!
Are you following these great club sports?
*not a smart female dog
Waves are small up north but the wind is howling...maybe Kahana Bay??? Hope everyones has a great Christmas Eve
Sometimes having too many 'things' can weigh you down.
Great PLP webinar - setting the stage. So many excellent thoughts.
Just finished the pre holiday roll up..ceremony starts in a few hours #4/20 everyday
When life brings u down u know what cha gotta do? Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming or drown urself bc i hate u
Half the time I forget the African American guy on "The Walking Dead" even exists, he gets so few storylines.
": can't wait to see Bob Marley on stage via Hologram... that needs to happen" Agreed. I am SO at that show!
72% Of People Say Pets Influence Dating
What do you prefer in the morning coffee, tea or orange juice?
Great night of fights
Going to see the next showing right now sir!!!
Here comes the sun :)
If you have no idea how nice or good of a person I am. Here's an example, I'm still taking care of my ex's bill. What does that tell you.
Only 2 players in SEC history have hit at least .450 for a season with at least 200 at-bats
If you are coming to DeBosis convo on The Electric Information Age Book mañana @ 5 pm 403 Boylston Hall, nb: come early, space will be tight
Absolutely. A mid run review can seriously damage a good show because you begin focusing on the wrong things.
yo what up Mann... I'm down to do those tracks... N I'll try n make it thru today cuz I got a dentist appt by u
oh my gosh. stop whining.
I DMed him from my personal, I'll tweet him again from that when he gets online. ;)
hell yea it was
Oh Rondo!!!! He could have broken his arm!!! I hope hes ok :(
You need to take risks in order to grow. Beth Comstock, GE
Can I use (already) shortened URLs to a #linksy campaign?
Left my damn lunch at hme ughh
why girl? what happened?? RT “: Terrified.”
#Lions might sign Boise St QB Kellen Moore ??? Might be a good free agent pick up.
Aditi, can we give the guy a break tonight please? RT Think Eli is reading a teleprompter or that he had that memorized?
My thigh.... No, my WHOLE leg is sore 😞
That's embarrassing
Im really serious guys, this is my new twitter watch i will create a new YouTube and put up a video of me shouting out my twitter!
Wouldent doubt it, i actually got quite smart from illegal substances. Just about the only thing i haven't done would be NZT :P
#Akwasi_Frimpong from the docu #Rabbit_Theory sends #oprah_winfrey a letter. Read letter on #wikipedia_page. He hopes to meet her someday.
Follow me pelase
Bravery is not the ability to face what scares most people. It is the ability to face what scares you.
stacydillard ended set w/ jd allen's "mean bean" ryanberg-bs,richardpadron-gtr.. bean's solo just brought the house down
well actually a lot of them probably do
For the love of god when will SXSW end?!
working on my business w/a new contract, little homework, major legal stuff to do. Good thing I'm stuck in the house today w/ this weather.
I wish a nigga would.
General Assembly Thurs in conjunction with Occupy plans to follow. #occupyUMD Practicing #patience. Thank you!!
Q4)Pushing, shoving, encouraging, planting seeds, talking, listening, etc
i love you <3
My dog brings out a very weird side of me.
How my dad refers to everyone on the road as "fucker."
Don't forget to join ROUTE 66 Band on February 5th at Amici's Pizza Sports Bar and Grill . Hope our fans will come support!
Might get another pair of tim duncans doe.
home from a weekend in NYC.
I don't understand.
I love the social invites I try to come where im invited!!
It's baby aliens coming out of the top of the cake.
[Insert something witty for you to think Im funny.]
The connection has timed out
It was nice meeting you the other night!
Investigating reasons 4 the connection btw/ early childhood ear infections & later onset of ADHD symptoms. Is there bias toward one subtype?
Co-worker just scheduled a meeting right in the middle of the barca chelsea match...i feel a little cold coming along, I may have to go home
Oops. Too early in the am RT : About to get rolling on the social media panel with
thanks! I'll be uploading the slides later this week.
Stoked to play with our friends in tomorrow! $10 at The Rock Show at 6pm. Pick up some merch ;) Wear a morphsuit, get in for free.
way cool - thnx for the heads up!:) follow me on pinterest too, assume u r there as well!
Awesome, what tool did you end up using for it?
Last minute #watchingthethrone moves at MSG with about to see #jayz and #kayne kill it
At the reggae spot wit the boo, bout to get slapped
That was a nice interview You hang in there.
I'm taking mine too!
I would rather be lonely than broke.
Understood, my friend.
House of lies.
it says ure not following me...
I went back in last night, they turned me away. Woke up this morning and it was still acting up. Finally they replaced it!
Troy and Abed have the greatest bromance.
Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune. Moms: Tweet us a photo showing off your new crown. Hashtag
what is this?
errraaybody in the club gettin tipsy!
it's an eat a box of donuts home alone kind of night
Thanks Don! Pull it in and shut it down!
was happy to bike to the farmers market. ....thank goth I check the times. It's open at 9am. ...not 7am.
Jamie Moyer is the definition of a veteran.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers, especially those in my life!
N I'm going to enjoy every bit of it
Gettin' ready for the weekend in Fort Worth, TX! White Elephant on Friday & Keys Lounge on Saturday. If you're in town come on out!!
Yes! Thx! But you got the wrong link... MT : Psyched to hear Andrew D'Angelo ! Way to collaborate
do u work like 80 hours a week??? Sunday morning too..
People need to stop living in the past and start living for the future.
Got It!! A Big chune Massive, Give thanks!
Procrastination is like masterbation in the end your just screwing yourself :O
for a great time, visit what helpful and friendly guys! i'm not in the demographic, but enjoy their site/humor.
screw that show.
of is who you want to talk about Path Cafe. Come down the 27th and meet him :)
If the 76ers were smart they would hire u, u insane with this
Man... I'm really trying here, and I'm not a quitter so don't count on it till you tell me your done
Emma Straub's Sept. novel in the book room, Laura Lamont's Life in Pictures. In a front-cover blurb, Lorrie Moore calls Straub "a magician"
im pretty sure it is bc it expired like 2 months ago. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
What's the activity? Curious!
self knowledge is key... and after that self - application!!! then we can rise up....
No risk no reward
big time ratings!! Congrats playa
well played sir
Its a whole new year today. What are your resolutions for 2012?
did you read 50 shades of grey? I know it's all the range and I'm now in book 3. It's addictive like your books.
I don't think I have your number :O
aha yup!
ahh what kind is it?!
HI Thank you so much for the follow. :-)
Calling all seasoned #photographers in need of a good starter camera. Any suggestions?
Did you all know when Dan Patrick was a kid he got onto the l.A. Lakers bus, and Wilt Chamberlin told him to get the F*$@ off!
Yes! We are open through construction, hours are the same. Please stop in!
thanks Dave
Last chance! 4 more days to like the U.Va. Alumni Education facebook page and be entered to win an iPod!
RT : 5. Importance of using assessment information as the basis for educational decisions - don’t just collect data
Bout to go retake this math test...
I'm sorry you're sad.
Frankly, I can't imagine how I would function as a learner without my mobile devices. Students surely feel the same.
Was this for me? I need space after RT RT : Haha yea ok RT: Yea James be happy with those 3. Cuz now it's Durant's time!!”
Anybody going to the NAMN show this year?!!!!
ah..... Miss listening to music & watching movies on my laptop! :(
Just ran for an hour in this heat! It's like running in a sauna. Great workout. Make sure to stay hydrated!
The view from my room? Vanderbilt University Will visit campus soon.
you still hot doe bahaha
Everybody Hates Chris. Love it :)
The Rangers Fan Zone is here for you. Join our site, talk about the Rangers, read the latest Ranger news & save the whales
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful, hard working and well-deserving mama's out there. One day a year is not enough!! Xo
let's get it then my boy
Holiday World in Santa Claus, IN. It has to be one of the best amusement parks in the USA, and water park.
Kroger at 2550 Lake Circle Drive is requesting rezoning for a gasoline fueling station. It would be in the south end of their parking lot.
I am sure it was, he is just very very angry
I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD ALSO
Bought a whole row (26 seats) in sections 304
I got "No Lie" on repeat right now
Appreciate the follow and retweet!
Casey's Kids Count released: 1 in 5 #children in USA now live in #poverty, putting their physical and emotional development at great risk.
Been on Twitter for 2 days and already have a new photo.
My Mind Not Only Wanders, Sometimes It Leaves Completely :/
Tried a new appetizer out tonight - Margarita Appetizer Pizza and I think the masses liked it! Bon Appetite :)
No one can beat
Journaling for my character, when I barely journal for myself.
getting excited about your show here on NYE!
awh thanks I think :-)
Great group of folks at the GAP (Grandparents Raising Grandchildren) Conference today in Lexington, KY.
Some guy tried to hit on me today
Tonight is Quiz Night! 8pm. $2.50 domestics. Let them all see how smart you are!
What does Portland get back?
asks, "is that a trick question?". Love a guy w/a sense of humor.
oh my goD YES I'M STILL MAD you guys are the worst i was so scared <3
Hey Selenators! :) Go follow my friend for a follow back from me :) .
New layout thanks to Mr. Mark Lowe, Art Director. It's raining at the Academy but a new layout may brighten some spirits.
You are thinking the right way, it must be spread, unless you can prove it is having major impact.
Like its our fault Ccp is on some hoe shit.
Guy talk with
Life for me is really about the little things
Fact: followers before "the tweet": 70,486. 36 hours later: 78.261. 10% increase for those keeping score.
as a Giants fan I take great pleasure in watching the cowboys lose
He's a busy guy.
Too many metaphors for relationships on #thebachelor. The crater, the bridge....oy.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I LOVE ♥
WAT THEY DO
Colts will retire 18 jersey. (thank you Irsay)
waking up early--what a great goal! That may just become a Goal of the Day one day soon...
aren't u working?
Also Blake Shelton is trying his hand at comedy?
We will officially be starting our crowd funding campaign next week!
It is working now. Yay!
As someone who went to community college and a major university, other than the price tag, I felt no education difference.
Its hot as hell over here...I need something to do, I'm just watching all the work be done
Last night I dreamt I played mini golf on the front lawn of a biker's house. Tonight i'm hoping for roof hockey on a banker's mansion.
Who else loves The Alpha Agency?
No ze 2 Terabyte External is not coming up on ze compootahhhhhhhhhhh
When i grow up i want to work at doofenschmirtz evil incorporated
Trying to itch my foot with my MIND...the Force is not strong with this one...
thanks for the #ff tweet!
Cool - those are some gr8 chances for visibility! Is HR Southwest the #ASTD event in Dallas Aug 14th? If so, I'll be there!
Check out the #1 Female DJ & 2010 SEA Female DJ of the year! She dropped a special mix just for
I Want To Win back ur Love!
Bobby screwed up, but Will and Hill haven't helped any.
are you going to a certain show at the independent Tuesday night
too bad we never ran into each other at the expo! Hope u had a great time :)
PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU PLEASE . IM TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Oh #Heat game is getting goose-bumpy ...
Question 9: Have you ever slept with someone without knowing their name?
shit I still wear my Browns one. It was fun bruh. GL out therr
Things are clearing up after the motorcycle ride... Big-I backup is clear per our camera.
let me find out u in the dunk contest (u look like Derek Williams)
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
7 weeks left of school... homework, please bear with me >.<
What an obnoxious article. "Porkers" in the caption? Wonder how Cristina Odone would feel if she had metabolic disorder
People who didn't know who cantor really was. It also doesn't help that until Recently money for dems weren't coming in
Ahh so excited to see #TheHungerGames for a second time on Monday <3
nice set on Letterman. I got in an argument over those security q's w/ IT. "No I think I know my favorite childhood pet's name."
Can't imagine having a birthday today!
hahaha just for that I put the mic in my backpack
DWF wishes everyone a happy holiday!
what torrent do you need bro?
Faculty from my cohort are now chairing other departments. I find this very disturbing.
I'm just saying what up to my #twitterboo and to see how you were doing #foreal :)
Welcome Home!!!
I would be a terrible spy. After 10 minutes of questioning by a 3 year old (why? Why? Why?) I've resorted to "because it's magic"
Word correct #fail. Who wouldn't like better? But not everyone likes good
be one of those smokers that prove you can be high and successful at the same time.
you can see the whole damn state from one place. Been there worst ride of my life. Lol. Be safe.
Life's a great big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
Listening to some good tunes my brotha and getting the night started.
you know your hot sh*t when you're above Mary J. Blige !!
gon have me in a good mood for the rest of the weekend
can't wait to see what's for lunch! Lol
Thanks for the follow!
Barcelona in particular is very green: Recycling waste materials, wind power, water conservation, recycled products made into new materials
Bye Bye Facebook..
Nosotros is bringing the party to tonight! Live music starts at 9 DON'T MISS IT!
war is in the air, rise to the occasion.
Working on photography stuff :) really tired tho
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in God. If you don't believe in God, then believe in Me!!. --Jawanza!
Cody, you are so talented.<3
Happy Jonas Day <3 x
The Adjustment Bureau. Go watch it.
hey hey hey...... don't hate on pageantry world, hunty. lol
Elysian on Cap Hill, great beer, great scene !!!
Do people there know that Manuel was tossed in the first inning? Watching on TV, not sure how clear it was in the park.
This BK restaurant has wood paneling and music by Fleetwood Mac. I'm in a time machine.
I can make a kit for kids no problem! What do you need?
email a headshot and resume' to
This headache is killing me
LMFAO...As Brazilian waxes have become more popular, the pubic-lice/ CRABS population has dwindled....#justsayin where it's at..
#Damn Finally getting over this virus...I was over here struggling, but I'm back at it #ALLDAY Jenoloclothing.storenvy.com
Snow in Seattle is coming down steadily this morning, yet I don't think the end result will be as dire as predictions yesterday.
After months of listening & searching for the right music to use at the World Championships in January we may finally have it. Stay tuned
Wearing lots of color today, I look like I belong on the vineyard
bruh I'm in the car trippin, these bikers are so cool
st johns > pitt. Lets go
If U Want Things To Change In Your Life....Start By Changing Yourself 1st....-Breeze DTA
gave my mom her valentines gift early. made my night <3
Watch out, I think that #StephanieSutton's head might explode if and coach McCarthy show up for #DWTS tonite.
Dnt feel like doing shit today!!
could heal the common cold of everyone. Though as the sea too said a life is the darkness of another light in their world.
so true, beautiful quote :)
#smcrva iraqi students surprised that there is poverty in america, yet admire that there r nonprofits to take care of them
FREE or deferred cost for the first year as an incentive to startups and others. We work with local landlords and businesses that will give…
doesn't condone TDGugger's rusing <---for the record
RT this & follow me?(:
When she's sick but you can't do anything to help<<<:(
Watchin Kings Of Comedy, laughin like it's my first time watchin it!
Coming to an inbox near you!
Every minute I'm not watching football is so nice. It's just a better moment in my life. Ah.
shawdy y no follow back
What's up guys? Love the ep and keep up the great work!
Art=Political and Economic change. Learn all about it at !
Thank to Sinbad for clarifying things. Trump is a Chump!
I'm kinda shame if that twitpic, my hair is so long and gross xD
Girls that like to play hard to get>>>>>> i like the competition.......
looks like the hawks is giving the heat some problems
RT : Happy new year.Train rides continue wknds in January.Come on down!Thomas tix on sale NOW for mbrs.. Never too soon to get them.
Sponsors wanted ! #Delaware #netDE #SussexDE #NewarkDE #wilmde Georgia house fundraiser item an monetary donations for silent auction
RT : Hey! it's good to see you in tweeter / yes welcome to the twitterverse!
A THREE CAR GARAGE is your must-have in Chicago? GTFO, dumbass. I feel bad that she settled with Whiny McWhinypants.
Rack end protector guards against errant fork lift trucks.
Taking in my first twitter moments...
Daniel Perez "...till then" - astonishingly, head-shakingly beautiful
Nothing from the showcase, but 2012 will be about using the tools we learned! Holla #2012-here we go! Thanks
Watching it right now! Fox is so cute!
Good morning to you!
They could have at least made her stretch or rub her eyes a little xD
Who do you like this weekend?
Tired as hell but who tryina kick it
Track meet for kids this morning and then wine tasting with adults tomorrow.
Einstein had it right... "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
Happy birthday to Roberta Thompson, and much success in the future!
Sounds nice and relaxing to us!
Dont give ur heart away or it might get brokenhearted</3
rofl heller my squishy pal
I'm think IU too. Gotta think they r gonna "win one for verdell" plus revenge.
Have you seen War Horse? I felt Spielgberg honored the stage version amazingly!
it's cool, I was just kidding you should rep your team. Even though they're gonna lose!
They do have a lot of money, however. Maybe they hired note-taking elves or ants to spy for them.
very interesting reading.
I swear these late night workouts are starting to pay off
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
So remember, this is bieber's world. you're just living in it. Bieber or Die.
Watts 3rd Annual BLOW OUT SALE April12th-24th. Savings of up to 90%
Haha this convo is so funny. It's good to see you tweeting preston, lol.
LaHood's transpo mood improves - Congress misses flight on airline mergers ... - Politico
Got to just in time for lunch from and cake from I have PERFECT timing
ate dinner, tired and winding down ready to go to bed, I believe I've achieved
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!
Well good morning. What a fine day to start off by listening to Virtual Embrace. And Yes I must still post pictures and do other things.
About FreeBSD Ports
Now! Get cupcakes from Peach Cheesecake at the corner of 13th & Hoyt. M, cream cheese frosting.
Send a blue ribbon today around the world. Digital Blue Ribbon iPhone App.
And is on
The next OEPF Clinical Associate quarterly enrollment benefit publication is at the printer and will go out this month!
;D all this is sounding very good :-) not sure how pretty I'll feel with a mask on lol but sure :p
a food babie?
Tough to win when u have 3 position players that are useless, SS, 2b, 1b. How are Conrad and Maysonet in the bigs?
wanna see it tomorrow?
Rise and shine for Yoga! day
RT the place to be at:) free mansions for everyone!:D
Former Broncos player David Treadwell will be attending Top 9 Moments along with our other fabulous celebrity guests
really?!! Was it harder then?? Oh.. You will do the right decision ;)
JUSTICE FOR!!!" "Ohead" - Must Be Dreaming(Official Video)" on YouTube...
just emailed you some stuff from , let me know what you think, we would love a post thanks
Is #SaySomein gonna play again? :]
I know chaddy! It's getting better so is the leg lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO EVERYBODY WHO BIRTHDAY IS TODAY
or should I say #stalkermom !! Lol
he's definitely an slp. if 'crazy' is in the DSM, then yeah, mental illness for sure
I've been on one for a couple of months. Definitely not "comfortable" in the traditional sense.
thanks again guys!
Starbucks huh? I doubt your here in new York but I'll keep looking! Lol love your vids keep it up punk.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .....
I am terriefied
hehe i hope so i wanna meet him so bad(:
needs to get out of work! We were suppose to go out on the town tonight !!
WILL YOU SAY I LOVE YOU TO ME ? Loves from MALAYSIA :)
Snow in the forecast?? Keep warm with bottle service this weekend! Buy 1 get 1 50% off - or free with costume :)
Too soon to turn on the AC, folks?
Marquee Mondays !
SO NO ONE WANTS TO TWEET ME ... COOL!
you would think with a master's degree I'd be able to work a phone, but the new ones at work still baffle me sometimes.
hey! Check us out! We're new to Vegas, from Florida. Our new EP is up for free download on our page :) let us know whatcha think
Really disappointed #syfy axed #eureka! It is such a fun show in a landscape of filth. Wish they looked at internet numbers.
I like it! Paris?
I feel your pain as it has happened to me.
Let's try and keep our minds on biz out there haha
Same here :)
Tomorrow is back to my even more hectic schedule. Work, rehearsal, practice, and the gym.
lol my fault England*
Feel free to DM me with any questions regarding Business Cards,Fliers, Banners, T-Shirts,etc...I'd be glad to help!!
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
Happy New Year Columbus! 2012 is an exciting year for our city!
If your solid, then why were you on floor for ten minutes???? Btw, the elbow was pretty solid!
#in is attending Cloud Connect 2012 at Santa Clara
hahaha! I think we can handle that!
Still tied to the streets like an ish knot
Nothing worse than a sick pup!
": What the hell was that Alex....not cool -_-" Simone I was kidding!
Goodnight twitter :) follow me n I will follow u back :-)
Up hella early✌
This kid is seriously bugging me now!! Looks like it's time to put both earbuds in & blast my music!!
Everybody wants to be fly till you swat them.
Will lend support, thank you! RT : #BrainTumorThursday begins in the US in less than 24 hours
Might good...what else is in there? My grandmother's vegetable soup recipe calls for 1/2 cup of red grape juice to cut the acidity.
something about eating a grapefruit ... like an instant brain-rinse
That sounds v. cool, Germaine. Might I also peep that syllabus?
Need coaching on relationships or life? Make an appointment with he is good at what he does.
Happy Birthday !
A lot of talk about #UNDUN on my timeline today....don't forget #ELCAMINO came out today as well.
why do i even care so much?
thanks brother!!
yes. Yes I would. Bahahaa
Aside from the bullsht life is good, stay prayed up, have a blessed day.
A #house is a a commodity, that can be sold for the highest dollar. The way it is presented to the buyer is important
Amazing how people don't think. Sold out show, but the still leave an empty space between seats.
Nope, just my regular desktop that has been sitting in the corner of the office for 2 weeks. Been using my laptop.
hell yeah we doing that shit! We're gonna get Mary-Jane and that White Girl to come with us too.
have an Awesome weekend!
From : Almost a repeat of Saturday can be expected for Sunday, but the winds will be very light today.
! Good Night Desde Sacramento, CA. ; ) !
If I date you and you dump me I will publicly wish you the best but secretly hope you get fat.
i could ask mrs. Danielle.. give me a sec
#FF the 13th in honor of who'd have loved Dodger Opener: ...more
Congrats to you & hockey team Canada! Cheers...
Thank you! Happy early Mothers day to you!
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke!” haha
Cisco to Become the Next Apple: Undervalued by 200%
oh please oh please oh please.... Cool
might pull you just to pull your sister(;
Feedback on Silatolu is similar to what he received on Michael Iupati few years ago“: We rank him even higher at PFW.
Thank you for your support :D
Dude got skillz Red! Just waiting on the world to get a hold of you!
Reading reading reading as much as possible. Nothing compares to reading a really god book ;))
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together ♥
I obviously need to seek this out now...
Good morning from Afghanistan. Putting the iPod on random this morning. So far, The Doors, Eminem, Jurassic-5, and Candlebox. Nice.
#sschat Kristen from Philadelphia, PA, teacher of 8th grade SS students & curriculum director Pre-K through 8
What's your favorite late night snack????? I'm gonna go with Doritos
A blessing to hear! Thank you so much my friend! :)
clothing line? i took 3 years of graphic design
Got so many followers but never get any tweets or mentions from any of them. What the hell gives?
Yes, we were arguing. And obviously I wouldn't leave you there since I didn't...
Enjoying a pilsner at Hofbrauhaus Newport.
THE MOON IS RED.
you ads have been superb......until the Marv Albert radio spot...ugh. Rethink .
He made it through HATER RT Donald is going home. Sorry.
I been using the green deep facial cleanser one for bout 2mths and I like it.
Every time #Coach plays #survivor, he ruins it. I hope they never invite him back, but I've hoped that every time.
U my boo thang...
It all comes down to the last person you think about at night.
I'm game. Just tell me where/when. cc/
Where at? Are they tuxedo pants? LOL
coffee in a few?
Girl I really wanna be yo friend!
your car is the envy of all of us that have to rent one every time we have more than two errands to run in one day.
Thank you!
gotta track I'm trying to get out, would you dance to it if you like it, and how much would you charge
Fun fact of the night: Vera Wang has a mattress line!
y'all r awesome and hey how r y'all
I cried when... in lots of moments in my life actually.
Eating a big breakfast at the local diner.. Reading a lot of emails about how our Congress is destroying America. Time to vote them all out!
I would think he means that a librarian is a participant in that education
king. any chance andy or juan get axed? thnx.
Planning a Party? www.PatricksCatering.com
it would make those crime scenes look like art.
Bill, Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan? www.imwithconan.com/petition Thanks
Humber with the Top 10 on Letterman tonight!!! Top 10 thoughts that went through Philip Humber's Mind During His Perfect Game.
I think I will bring a bottle to yoga class this AM and see if anyone has that kind of skill :)
Trying to come up with a plan
And it has been just as painful as the original RT This whole morning has been like living in the "Who's on first?" bit...
oh yeah the one that throws the ball back to you haha my arms r dead after I use tht lbs
I have to wake up in 3 hours, awesome.
Good!! Kutcher is a tool!!
Getting ready for today's #PRSALuncheon! It's been almost a year since I've been to one!
I definitely followed. (:
good to hear. Very scary for sure
A weird # called me and now I am freaking out....
It's quiet. Too quiet. Where are all my callbacks?
RT : We will be closed for repairs and maintenance on Jan. 31 - Fri, February 4. Otherwise, we will be open as normal.
I hear the word "authenticity" used a lot. Projects are no longer simulated - they are authentic
can't work with Amare
Dont act like you cant get smacked!
Wild boar meat sauce
Me 3 MT : me too, great group #oadata RT Spending today & tomorrow @ NSF workshop on data sharing & open science.
yep....damn shame lmao
Just finished my fifth cupcake of the day. Twitter, I think I have a problem.
TAT' MY F/CKING NAME ON YOU, SO I KNOW THIS IS REAL.
really? OMG! I thought we had to do one for each tactic? Did I totally misunderstand in class? That's something I would do...
Dang, rip Chuck Brown
This guy.... na ill get something better (x
hahahaha ok ok I get it sis :P lol
great, I owe a dollar lol
Delays and single tracking this morning on the Red Line. Translated, hope you're comfortable.
uh like only 75% of its a lie cuz like if you cut out "for my age" then it says im intelligent &compared to a 5 yr old, i am
Football is right around the corner. Be sure to catch the action at the valleys premier sports & entertainment viewing, Fox Sports Grill.
FWIW: are way late on getting to sing the National Anthem. She's PDX's Kate Smith.
I just texted and FB'd. Sorry Shawn, no kit tonight! Lol
I've yet to do anything with my Pinterest account. Social media fatigue?
It's #samesexsunday and we are just another day closer to the March on Washington!
would of Been nice if you weren't such a cunt hole after the fight and run out the ring!
Correction ny cops damned iPhone keyboard
I WAS IN THE CAR AND HEART ATTACK CAME ON..LIKE SOMEBODY TRYNNA TELL ME SOMETHINN
haha thank you :)
hi Jen it was wonderful talking with you. You are a real asset to Amigo. Stay productive & lively
Yes please! They have good #nachos! cc:
Songs from District 12 and Beyond is AMAZING. Listening to it on loop.
it's fine im leaving soon
All I'm saying is that its obvious women are more powerful. Anne Boleyn got Henry VI to break from Rome just with the promise of sex.
I have to thank for always doing my eyeliner #likeaboss :)
That's the spirit bro.. but I'm thinking a lot of you are stuck in "fan purgatory" for this series.
Good night chlling with the cousins Codding it up!
I love so much, there is nothing that we can't get through <3
I knew I waited too long for that last dance... RIP Donna Summer.
Yes! I really enjoyed that movie!
In response to the illegalization of same-sex marriages, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream has changed their "Chubby Hubby" flavor to "Hubby Hubby"
just sent it
Miss Universe Wales pageant kicks off!
lol oh yea what are y'all going to talk about? Morning, Sean :-) RT : Lets talk this evening.
RT Should you REALLY take fitness tweets seriously from a woman who is eating cookies in her avatar?
Trying to pick my workshops for the #GSUcadre event is tough. They all look so interesting!
Working with an iced venti nonfat two pump chai.
My #DailyMindfulness now includes getting outside for at least 15 min each day, whether walking or sitting on the porch. I need nature.
you're a poop face for 3 reasons.
couldve sworn I blocked all ur accounts u cunt
Dear team. So many of you are still at the office and/or home working late. Thank you!
I see. it's all good. You can change it at any time.
HAHA! Man, if your past catches up to you, you're not running fast enough to your future.
I totally understand. I'm moving soon, preferably into my own place.
