I hate being sick 😷👎
Well, well it's back to school! How was your summer break?
Very bullish on Netflix stock (NFLX). NFLX market cap is too low. NFLX on its way to 150+. Stock market has bottomed. Bullish on AAPL too
I hope that bitch chokes on a chicken bone one day. Or something. I don't fkn know. She doesn't deserve to be a mother.
#ThePerfectFan Are the people who are there for ..... Mahomies<3
Thirty minutes at the gym..........check that off my list :-)
Hello Twitter Team- Gordon Here saying hello and to remind you i have found a amazing JV /Funding source for Your commercial deals. email
had a fun time on #RadioSuzy1 / Good Times /
I hear China is looking for a new minister for The Golden Shield Project. I think you would be a great fit. The pay is good too!
I keep thinking about a meeting where Dennis Hayes urged us to double down on the Kindle. smart man.
Who's down to come with to Pure Aloha with me?
I like to put Aunt Jemima next to the Uncle Ben in my pantry. I'm hoping for a love connection
Finishing up gorilla fight, down to tuning and programming... starting a new EP tomorrow and have to do a lot of writing this week
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 19
excited for brianna... baby boy asher turned out to be a baby girl!
u have a new #? Text me
Boost your customer Services and entice your guests with Infinity Menu
I Really Thought You Were The One. But It Was Over Before It Begun. So Hard For Me To Walk Away But I Know I Cant Stay!.
Why is everyone fighting about what school is better when we all know you hate your school?
Weird how thoughts and dreams of things that aren't really happening (yet) can physically change and move you.
No pressure though
And on that note... derby fans everywhere DRINK
"The Chairman of the Board" will be in full force tonight to support #TheEmbassyLTD. Best of luck tonight!
Paranormal??? Love it when I hear glass shattering in my house and I go investigate the noise and nothing is amiss.
Sending a special Monday shout out to all of my newest followers! Thanks for connecting, and I look forward to our conversations to come...
I am so into this Reds game. It's scaring me a little.
Really awesome!!! When?
Tonight at midnight tune in to for part 1 of our interview!
and I always have the best lunches
i must say, i do not think i have ever witnessed a poorer performance on offense than what the bears demonstrated last night
I can’t decide which is more stupid: Michele Bachmann’s husband's ideas on curing homosexuals or Michele Bachmann’s ideas on everything?
welcome to twitter!
There are no friends like old friends!
why is that?curious as to why u say that.
Like me, Robert Caro doesn't want to think about Lyndon Johnson at home.
Wth are u buying at the porn shop? Edible bikinis? Lol :P
Of course the dmv is closed. That would be too convenient for it to be open today.
Cain is rapidly approaching Palin status (it ALMOST stops being fun pointing out all the wrong/ridiculous things he says)
Wishin I could remeber that girls name and number from last night...damn she was fine
You mean the world to me
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore your annoying nothing else
Tried telling them,U PICKING THE WRONG TEAM--->
Ian himself was in our store today schooling us all on how to make perfect pizzas!
Yep, I was active on the Twitter side of it. I agree that better tailoring of message would be good.
lmfaooo jk u know i would go !
where you at
jake was medatating in the pool..
im taking a break from cod, too much bs in that game i just rage whenever i play
Office Football Pool – How to Play – Free ... - most super bowl wins
so luv you :)
Have fun at last nights FIN-NAL-E at the Funny Bone? We did, thanks for coming out.
The best healer is good cheer.
I'm tired watching them!
Half price bottles +half price burgers = winwinwin
Congrats, Let us know if we can help you out with sound and lighting.
Well thanks! It is definitely different than Facebook!
where we're you guys at?
another player looking to play maybe for ky
New Followers! we're happy to see you :]
couldn't agree more :)
I'd love for others to be faces too, except everyone who writes or contributes keeps moving away
I am trippn ppl think I'm short.... I 6'4 in high school...smh
Real Cubs fan wouldve run that thing over!!
People crack me up. Keep telling yourself that, buddy. Let me know how that works out for you, lol.
www.ModernJunto.com Just updated again!
It's pretty good so far, lol
Got a serato box for sell. 275
Seems the Twitter theme of the day is #Health. Let us pursue the good kind. #Mind, #Body, and
test tweet
you realize that other people can read your Twitter messages, right?
Think it might be time to switch up the name...
We spend so much time complaining about the glass half empty that we forget to drink the half glass of water we do have.
Winter Weather Advisory:
Congrats!!!!! That will make for a great 2012!!
ha, just a little bit. Great info - thanks!
Sometimes, all it takes is one voice.
DANK GATES
that's a lovely picture you got there anthony. lololol
Perhaps they do, in fact, still use catalog cards? Perhaps it's a hipster vintage library.
This sounds mean but I hate seeing a poor puppy with a homeless down on their luck individual :( two mouths to feed instead of one.. Sad.
Happy Baby Mama Day!!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 75
Just spoke with Bob from turning colors!
Sheer luck on finding the nest. I was showing off the garden to someone who just happened to glance at it in just the right way.
We are out of napkins at my house.. Time to make a trip to McDonalds
Travel Goal #1 (Make Excellent Time): Achieved. Doorstep to doorstep in 9:22!
#lmao so true
You know what she said, Mother Dearest? "Well & look like nice boys. So who's those rappers you know?"
It wouldn't hurt to try online a few times. Who's your team?
But while you wait you should rock out to #fastlife () #hunterhayes () & #YouGotMe ()!
Don't even matter I know it will be slappin either way
I dont care if your gay, atheist, Jewish black, white, fat, skinny, fucking vegetarian. Idgaf. I just want someone who can relate.
oh, God yes. I'm literally shaking right now
Only in Brownstown is there a liquor store with no liquor
Clear Edge -The Hillsboro fuel cell company stayed mum after an initial close of the Series E — $13.5 million
Guilty as charged. It's my extra meat tooth.
People who don't know how to whisper <<<< #shutup !
We've upgraded to version 3.03 of WordPress... please let us know if you run into any problems!
gotta get girl friend... too bored alone... -sigh-
Yep! Shellfish and ragweed, discovered well past childhood. (Hang in there!)
Yeah, but it sure takes a while to spell it all out :-)
All day today when you purchase an oil change you will receive a FREE tire rotation. Must mention to our cashier for your Facebook special!
Goddamnnn. stop with all the big girls shit lol
My teachers are performing a song and they are amazing they are the bestestestest
me and lilia? ;)
Getting familiar with my new galaxy tab
You already know
Brainstorming a lot of great ideas for the site. I have a feeling we won't be letting anyone down.
....my booty is so heavy!
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
A thing of #beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness. - John Keats
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
please tell me the first show is 2 hours long I just cant wait
"Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed"
if I worked at Soundcloud, I'd add a '#play' at the end of the url in the "og:url" <meta> tag
Anyway, good morning.
My time in Detroit was short and sweet.
My wife just got me a Islander MT-4 ukulele for my early birthday! Add that to my Kala and Flea, and I'm pretty sure I've gone Uke crazy.
wtf? what have we ever done to you victorians? what have we done to deserve this hate? y r u guys hating on Ariana? and DAN? (c)
: double dose of Zoloft oughta do it.
14 school days left.! c:
OH MY GOD IM IN THE RUNNING FOR BEING NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And, no digging deeper than 18 inches into the sand. Will the Baywatch team be enforcing this? :-)
I can feel myself getting fatter as I drink
thank you!!!
OMG!! This Plyonetric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!! What a sweat....OMG!!!
#LetsDoThis -- get me to 250 followers by the end of the week! Fingers crossed
:Welcome to #teamiphone <---YEAH!
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
People say that age is just a state of mind
if I have Foster, who do I need to pick up, Slaton or Ward?
#MahoneToLA that's so exciting #ForeverAMahomie (;
Hi Linda! Hope you are doing well!
RT ": I love Wolf Blitzer but why is he shouting? It's like getting election results from the Town Crier"
that awkward moment when you're a huge biotch!
Shout out to ALL our new followers :D thanks so much guys!! Make sure to follow too! Love yall
High and Tight. Lets get Hot! Tooooowmoootor!
i quess u tryna take my twitter name.
hi i love you
Just bought my 3rd pair of in one week! 2 Zsa Zsas & one other blingy . Amazon, Endless & Neiman's Last Call. Great prices!
Your hollandaise never disappoints. Crab cakes eggs benedict with avocado. Wife is happy. Mothers day successful. Thank you.
And you never took me out to play. So I let the music go and lead me astray. Keep wanting everything on the plate.
Orange Mound
bored in physics. ready to be out of school!
Transformers 3D was awesome.Director Michael Bay did an outstanding job.Two thumbs way up!Mr.Bay more than meets the eye.
Following advice from #Fallcleaning today. Basement & closets done. Now the office. Salvation Army and I are both happy.
don't listen to that hater she's just jelly that ur prettier than her
Today is a prime example why I don't like doctors.
RT : Late night text means grab that latex
At the open meeting on the future of Jefferson County Farmers Market. Great to hear vendors and customers thoughts
The average human produces 25,000 quarts of saliva (spit) in a lifetime. That is enough saliva to fill 2 swimming pools!
Cymbalta can help.
Quote of the Day: Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious....Bill Meyer
End of season lines are hilarious.
you're pic
tonight. Excited for the Menken score.
I dare you to tweet me, so I can scream and have a reason♥
do u have a biz manager to contact about speaking/endorsements?
That was the first I heard too. Then I heard my body & I was hooked. I hadn't gotten to listening to the whole album though.
Fuck no longer works...tried it this morning, actually.
Working through every gin in the world and keeping a log...this is going to be fun!
another early day
Thanks for following me. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets! Adam
Hey! Who's excited about the Chicago Zine Fest being just TWO WEEKS AWAY? Workshop schedule & floor map release coming in the next few days.
Lmao... I'm still up
Look at what time it is LOL! :-D
Pretty sure that urine smell isn't me.
this is tragic...
I'm not even going to it. *shrugs* I'll just go pick up what ever award I got tomorrow.
Aww...are those tears I see, #Coyotes ?! Better dust off those golf clubs!
Old Master Laotse Was surnamed the "Long-Eared" - Ancestor rabbit. (Ref: Kakuzo, Book of Tea, p39)
Twitter y u no easy to use!?!? (anyone?)
My pleasure! It was a terrific piece. RT thanks for sharing my modern love story!
Don't know anymore
I'm waiting to pick my days off. I haven't wanted to be back at school more. This is mind numbing.
Everyone needs to get out to #NEXTBEACHWOOD why? Cause the deals are so good!
keep hating on Tebow, he'll be the guy winning football games
iPad apps without Retina icons look so much worse than iPhone apps without Retina icons simply because they're so large.
Nice speaking with you. Have a fab weekend.
play "So Many Girls" please!
Excited for the Oscars tonight. I'm gonna get all dressed up and act like I'm actually there on the red carpet and stuff.
sure thing!! We'll touch base w/ you sometime this upcoming week :-)
ahaam :O a carol ta no fb
Lookin at the third base coach, I think he just put on a hit and run💪👇👈🙏
Frustrated being at the mercy of dealerships service depts. I've been totally hosed by Rickenbaugh Volvo's incompetency-to the tune of $7K.
Interesting observation. You think so?
Looking for the path to growth and success
In about 15 plus years.
People so is #DreamChasers2 better then the first one?????
heck yeah ur gon be a straight up g watch everyone be up on u haha ;p
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there. If your doing it alone or with help Happy Mothers Day.
So who is going to set up a #geekup? Do I have to do it?! :)
Omw to wrk, these ppl called me in early as shit but I'm not mad..
And Lil Kim.
my calls to white house for confirm/deny have not been returned. where oh where is the transparency?
I want to come back soon and just come crash with you for a.few days. Gonna keep a lookout for cheap airfare.
first tweet down, many more to go...
TREMENDOUS advice, Spoon. I high recommend The New Yorker and Wall Street Journal.
thats just it though......its not just me that would be loosing twitter..
Glad to be in NYC--heading out for a day of shopping (and window shopping) uptown. Spent all day yesterday downtown.
I guess you could say! This is my solo project from my band
Just signing on to twitter and getting acquainted with how it goes.
Yaaaay, they married :D
I see well I gotta get trucking again time to go thru Chicago on my way back to WI
Mike Trout is recalled today. Being pulled up prior the all star break means that our owner will need to protect him as an S1 next year.
What's #nowplaying? Say it! Shout it out! Sing it! Dare ya ~;-D
uh 200 minus 175. im not in school. im too lazy to figure it out.
What kitchen cooking smell makes you happiest? Cinnamon rolls in the oven? Onions frying in butter? Brownies?
That didn't sound the way it's supposed to. I'm with you now.
“: Did you know there is a Geneva NY? - I do, I grew up about an our away from there in Rochester, NY :)
Who is this year's VCU? Well, it's VCU of course. Shaka Smart is amazing. This was expected to be a rebuilding year.
You should check out from too!
Just got an MRI. Still not sure why I had it done in a recording studio. The tech went in the booth & played a bunch of dubstep for me.
lol u look so funny today jkkkk u lokk super awesome jk u look weird =D
Currently looking at a punk version of an ex on the subway. That's weird.
Kevin Na has driver problems.
Are you a girl? And you have a "small ass" ? I have a solution for you.!
Wishing everyone a happy and prosperous new year!
Well Done!
agreed and the healing time would stink. Worst I ever did was my back piece then a 6 hour plane ride the next day.
. do you ever engage your followers or do you just push blog content? Twitter is about dialogue.
#ECHELON3000 TONIGHT HOUSE PARTY EDITION WITH LIVE ! Ladies Free All Night !
Go Spurs Go!!
The CIRCUMASTANCES you're in are probably because of the CIRCLE of people you're in. Be thankful for your REAL friend(s).
I hope so, keep him on the bench
Thanks, Jen! And thanks for the heads up about STUCK! :)
“: Who's getting the new Canon 5D mark 3?” The same people that I'm going to buy my cheap, used 5D Mark 2s from!
Ha! I'd be tempted to go into excruciating detail about how little sleep you get, how you never have time for friends.
"Well-behaved women seldom make history." Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
Massage chair while I wait for my Q ! :-)
I was the same way.
Hey, tweeps -- where should I go for authentic Kansas City BBQ when I'm there for ?
Do you think the #Mets should still acquire another SP?
Loved this week's #Community spoof of Law and Order. Spot-on and hilarious.
Enjoyed working on #Bones April 17. (parole board member) -- great job directing! Thanks for having me!
Not a chance! NC.
okay me and my friends are watching your videos and you are just so great and gorgeous hahaha x
Professor evaluation
All weekend campin' with my homy.
forgot to poop yesterday. Now can't poop until tomorrow. Want to poop.
Sunday Football!! If it's on we're playing it on one of our 50 HD TV's!
We laughed too much
Best ski tuner in Seattle, that guy. And mighty good skier too.
was fairly good, great new space, small men's department
Reading makes me want to start blogging again. If only I could buy 1 or 2% of your enthusiasm, Ener ;) Congrats on the webstats.
lo lo lo l-o-v-e!!! I haven't heard this song in forever!
she's 4'11 and can party harder than all my friends combined
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when someone grinds my gears
Go karts in the neighborhood
Off to Aol's 25th celebration with Chuck Close !
The Urban Tour Host had a great day at the Mimo Festival on Biscayne Blvd on Sat. March 20th, 2010
Going to get some bedtime watch ha movie
Getting goin with a shot of Guatemala Huehuetenango Finca Rosma... Roasted to the first snaps of 2nd crack.
you suck:)
The story of CATCHER FREEMAN
leggo I got a couple of freestyles done lol on some play play ish
Mary Marlino announced the official hashtag for the NCAR workshop:
April 21 inshallah :) have you set yours?
OK, enough shameless name dropping for today lol back to work for me. Toodles!!
Why can't relationships be perfect?
Awww;) ...its ok if you don't have the answers:) RT : "love was never meant to bind together like a safety pin." www.joyike.com/blog
so raven is gay now?
You know you're a parent when you're counting to yourself, and you still go "ah ah ah" after each number.
Bloom's Taxonomy of CItizen History: Data Collection, Transcription, Connections, Synthesis, Reflection (ty !)
RT - New England Patriots VS Miami Dolphins
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
did you get in!?
well hello darling :) how have you been?!
Shoutout to my friend jose! sexy circles!
Tonight 6:30 MOL reunion @ Federation - no dinner, just snacks - eat before! :-)
And I already have! Lol *fighter stance* j/k :) RT : bieber? Really? u could probably beat that chick up
I could see how in certain cases an eyepatch could look cool, like if you were say on a pirate ship and also a ghost
nice! the new version is feeling pretty good.
a friend of a friend. We have met before, I just don't know if you remember.
ASDFGHJKL THIS SONG IS INCREDIBLE
Please join us Sunday, December 5th @ The Good Luck Bar. Writers reading: Diane Lefer, Steve De Jarnatt, Robin Ekiss, and Candace Pearson.
I miss this duo
Parking at target is always a hot damn mess
None laying down, waiting impatiently for tomorrow!
church brew works with the Pesce's
Did you know that many churches are now installing ATM machines? Heaven is now just a swipe and pin number away!!!
u got it!
cant wait to see them :)
Last night I felt like it was Thursday night, so was also expecting Friday. Such a letdown!
NO, slutty girl problems would be both of my hot, gay drinking dates canceling on me tonight
#spam tweet
Don't be ashamed to being faithful, fucking every girl u meet not only gets u more friends, it gets u STD's
what did he do?
or my lovely mother wants to surprise me with tickets LOL WAIT...
I can't even smoke because that would involve me stepping down from my bed and out of my room. That's just not happening.
This thunder/lightning is getting serious.
He still aint text back .
so cute
If they can run the ball into the end zone . . .
DailyHookahTip#160: Check out the new washable hoses , less than $10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
I can buy the tickets!
Rodents of Unusual Size. I'm sure you're familiar.
RT Flyer fans can sleep easy knowing they won that Stanley Cup in the first round.
Good morning bro Just checking to make sure you’re OK. :-)
time for some quality time with
well it's nice and vulnerable so take advantage while you can ;)
“: 1st thing Larry Brown did at SMU is tell captain your not good enough to play for me. Ur off the team but still on schol” Ouch!!
is that a diss?
what did he say?
Who else is in boston for st patty's?!
Thank you RT IGF consultations asked about human right protection for participants, especially local participants, at
I would love to go shopping with you again! I need some new summer things. I have the Sci Fi conference coming up
I tried so bad hard to make it on my own,,,, killing myself is the best thing to do at this point,, no job no money
thanks for the follow
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
On National Day of Prayer, which of the thousands of gods are we to pray too?
Just looking for a bone player now....
Obama in Houston OMG
Congrats to ! Their production of 1776 is their highest grossing production since the theatre reopened in '68.
great actress since she was younger but now she is the best!!!
"How can we translate good policies & intentions into action on #SRHR ?" Q raised @ #CPD2012 Side event org by Norway, Finland, Kenya,
I'm still trying to remember Saturday night... I feel like I saw you.. True or false?
RT : filmic comics has rhetorical frustration #CCCC2011 I sent this one. Not my best composition.
Yeah I'll just mute you
Come eat lunch with us today. Everything is $9 with drink and homemade truffle chips!
no thanks god I wasn't! Her co-owners were taking a good care of her account! and they worked so hard to get her to 200K! :'(
Hoping everyone had a fun filled Holiday weekend! Re-energize with one our amazing espresso drinks!
New resolution: never carry an umbrella. Rain can bring people together
What an amazing yet long funeral. I don't need church for like um forever now..
I reeaaaaallly want to hear 's "I'm Not A Gangsta"!! I love that jam!
hopefully i feel better along the night
I have seen him in many PBS/History Channel/random other nerdy specials. Does he do novels? I'm afraid I'm in a novel phase.
#wiunion MT Congress can no longer build bipartisan coalitions | Nation's welfare now takes a back seat to corporate Failure!
Those judges are FUCKING stupid ass cunts.
Gardens in Pensacola Country Club area and Marcus Pointe to be featured in ... - Pensacola News Journal
some days, any calories in their bellies are better than none. (I know this is late, but I love your redesign, btw)
Your hurting me like really bad!!!!!:-)
Bored as monopoly ...wow that was really cheesy anyways anyone that wants to talk im here ..being bored :)
well damn. You switchin jobs like you do #'s. Lol.
Thank you, my dear friends. Much love and many hugs!
NIKKI. When you're "Love" sick, then you can blame me
No problem!
“: RT French and German teachers: Follow to see how she tweets with her students! #langchat” cool!
Last person to leave. Fantastic
#Lmao! RT : NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself.
Thats not true. I was standing by at 1pm and was able to get to the ticket purchasing page. SLACKER!
rainbow sparkles(;
Hi ! My husband is a total geek when it comes to sports stats- Any advice for getting his foot in the door at ESPN? Thanks :)
This Just In: We will be selling Koontown at the Fenton Street Market in Silver Spring, MD, on May 26th.
GORGEOUS day in Long Beach! Lots of people out enjoying Alamitos Bay. Come soak up the sunshine on a hydrobike!!
I swear my Pandora going in right now, and my son fell asleep on me. Good.
this is gonna be good!!! Look at our babies go! :)
noo not at all !
So Green Day is making a trilogy of albums. They better make me want to rip my heart out and barf this time. It's been too long.
BTS is lookin good!!! Should be done with it tnight!
Just got my ticket, too! It's gonna be awesome!
Hearing lots of ideas about what it'll take to improve public education in San Diego at a Parent Empowerment Summit in Balboa Park.
(Rich) Wow... Couple of possible Class A EVP's now from Nick. Look forward to analyzing further. Still have my audio and video to review!
: Enjoy Nola, Sally!
I can't get enough of Sophia Grace and Rosie. If the whole world had their happy attitudes, we'd be alright.
In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.
I hope so. Sometimes I get very lonely and depressed when I dont have sex for a long time.
RT : I don't buy many books but wd want 2 w/Kindle. ... If local library were better, I wouldn't even consider it.
If you have had a spouse for more then a year, then you are in a same sex marriage
Relaxation Drinks?! How about a caffeinated snack! For those on the go!
I need Everyones Help. Go to Stumbleupon.com and and rate me .. its helps with SEO work
melly! How are you?
It's technically not too late to drive up here!
why not, I think you're worth all that and more. And we will...it'll be unforgettable, I can tell already :)
Grrrrrr I think I broke my phone....
Love me when I least deserve it cause that’s when I really need it
After receiving 0% of vote at MN-8 DFL convention, is up w/radio ad. When will go negative on Tarryl?
tima tour passed you guys. thats sad. We passed you on the long line. How good did you get tipped
I am watching old icarly episodes. FREDDIE is way more sexier now
Creating new Facebook business pages for Florida DUI lawyers. Make sure your firm has a good Facebook campaign.
Got a question about your relationship? Email . Your letter may be read onair! DearJohn airs Sunday at 9AM!
Whenever I'm stressed or angry, I clean.
overcoming 214 b...
RIP Soulja Boy ..... He died from listening to his own "music". Best hoax death ever.
I am the life-force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, at one with all that is. ~Jill Bolte Taylor
Are yall seein this shit that will smith is gay
"Rainy day, shady & gray, time to stay in & read & play." ... Instead, have slogged through to work.
#DearOomf you are hot. end of story
If anyone post's pics of Radiohead's concert tonight, I'm punching them in the face..with kisses.
i missed my number zeero today! where you been! ^-^
": I better kill this test today after all of the studying i did !!!!"Good luck today!
"call me if you need a ride, well call you a cab" #missyou #CallMeMaybe?
Up in Keene for the day!
after new album comes out, we'd love to hit SoCal. sit tite..and hope to have a cold one with ya soon!
Eddie just hit himself with my locker in the face ... good job !.
you are welcome. I need you to come back to the DMV. I'm turning 40 in Sept and I need a Fab dress.
Thanks Sean! To update you, our Founder, daughter in that pic just took her first step the other day!
I am not with anybody due to the fact that i have foreseen that of perfection which is for me and i never wanna settle for less.
where too?
I kept waiting for 2chainz to check in during the halftime show.
Week 5 #Phillyhunt Question: The back page of today's #Inquirer features a full color advertisement for which #car dealership? Answer now!
...well later on that nite late late I'm going out lol
hate is a powerful word.
BE SMART PLAY HARD WE LOVE ALL OF YOU GOD BLESS
Somebody text me the score!!! if Man U loses im blaming you..
What, no Tall Grande Venti? RT Bought 3 shares of Facebook at $38. Just sold for $40. Took the profit and bought a doughnut.
Where at?
Random S/o to she's Descarada but I love her I'm so glad to have met you I love you best friend :*
won't let me get skinny jeans. The world needs to see what junk I have in my trunk.
Do you know if there is a shuttle from there to tomorrow? Or is it hoof-able?
RIP Donna Summer, Queen of Disco. I love you.
ahahaha shes in Miami Beach so we might be able to find her somewhere lol i gtg to sleep night ;)
Kevin James flick check it out on our web page under movie section -- Baldinger
Hearing that this bitch Siri has some serious snark. Bring it on, creepy AI. BRING. IT. ON.
Have Fun(:
Unblushing iteration, Angel
What to do what to do.
Why is Apple Jacks trending? Fruity Pebbles need to trend.
Want to win a Tauntaun sleeping bag? a Kodak Playsport Zx3? an iCADE? Any number of O'Reilly books? You can, at BarCamp Rochester tomorrow!
SMOKIN THAT LA LA LALALA LA LA LA LA LA :)===~~~
What to do? Avengers? Avengers 3D? Avengers Real3D? Avengers 3D IMAX?
Whatta random day. Me likes!
Watch for the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos section in the upcoming 5/16/11 edition of the LA Business Journal. It's our best read edition!
oh no!
RT : The is tomorrow. Are you ready?
A <body/> level modifier does not yet exist. Supporting route is on the todo list, but you might want to start an issue at GitHub.
R.I.P. Dan Wheldon
Titter, twittah, twitter, twitur, twit, I'm bored
from Shoot Us Down, to your own concert. You have no idea how proud you're Mahomies are of you.<3
Thanks and for letting me hang out!
That's good to hear! Haha every time I look at your icon I can't help but smile. =P
#pdx ' budget includes approx $7.5M in one-time expenses to avoid teacher layoffs.
but now it's a bigger joke! BJ's? Yea I could go for one! Lol
#naeh12 David Wertheimer talking about creative advocrats, theory of change + using the convening power of
Nope, you're shy.
Who's your pick? Three left!
Have a nice weekend!
yes ma'am :) if it ever changes my girl loves the Walters :)
Oh okay then I'll just invite instead lol
Yay, I hope missions on the south seas won't stop him for donating!!!!
I was elected by 700 votes but govern like I had landslide. I have 8 years and will make most of it. Mayor Reed Atlanta.
Congrats to the technical team of HUGO, that film is as emotionally rich as it is technically spectacular.
Summer is just around the corner. Lovely in Las Vegas today! See you soon!
Another Naughty Dog game not named Jak and Daxter? Cmon man.
QUESTION OF THE DAY: What are some of the products your Grandparents used to clean their home?
Orr: "The #CLT airport does not cost the taxpayers one penny and has a $2billion economic impact"
hmph, my stupid brother won't let me watch the tca.. oh wells, live stream here i come!
It's that constant struggle we as humans have with our inner fundamental darkness. We need to bring our the best thats in us.
You think you're funny, huh? Now, I'm going to MAKE you watch every episode. Just wait...
I love you Wedsdays and Thursdays
Let me start telling you about the weird dream I had just so you can interrupt me and tell me about the stupid one you had.
I absolutely love looking through microscopes.
Fantastic! Great evening.
is Beloved's talented director.
A cold start with temps in the teens to near 20°, but a sunny day on the way with highs near 30° in SEWI
Pop vs Not is tomorrow at the Chance in Poughkeepsie! Still time to get tickets $12
The editing is getting better on #thePitch but lose the dramatic sound design. This ain't a ghost hunting show
ayee! I know you're kinda crazy about the song "Be Like You" & I was wondering if you'd wanna see my cover for it? :D
good game dee! Great to see you back in the bigs and back on twitter man!
Same to you! Have a great weekend.
Yep. Mulcair appearently meant the "British criminal" description, and Conrad Black took it, pejoratively.
Love the fact that it's raining in LA makes the news hahaha idiots
dance which I CANT WAIT FOR ARE FINAL
Unexpected fun to hear Scott & Todd w Kelly Ripa discussing #downtonpbs today.
Why does CBS always have to show reruns??? Pisses me off.
They were at loehmann's plaza but u just missed them! They were out there until 8:30.
Thanks for the follow! How did your team do at Lounge Bowl?
Don't. Care. About. The. NFL. Draft.
We're in the HEAT of the Monday Morning Drive.. Tie Ups on HWY 26 EB, I-5 SB & Powell Blvd up to Ross Island Bridge.
same campus, no longer a librarian tho. took an IT manager job.
If you're interested in higher profit, lower risk, new markets, and more loyal customers, then IBM's Smarter Commerce is for you.
they're live now. Mine is on Cspan3...excited to watch!
It's how I make up for not drinking or doing drugs. To each her own self-destruction.
Hi I'm hungover
Follow all of our wonderful DHC tweeters
Time slows down at 4
Mary Cook will be doing a short segment on WGN Chicago in a few minutes - tune in!
. thanks for the shout out! we appreciate it. if you want us to add a funny hashtag, just let us know.
I think baths are nasty. You just sittin there in your own dirt,lml. -__-
Bakery Cafe in Aransas Pass Texas is a must visit if you,re in the area!
Watch your bf get all mad. RT : *blushes* make my day why dont you  RT : girl of my dreams.
aw thank you! That's so sweet! <3
girl you da best :)
RT : This just in: presenting a seminar on # March 3.
Oh yay! We gotta do something b4 you leave again. Last night was funny- I was in my don't mess with me mood. Funny story 4 u!
"my reputation with the ladies Always keeps me I'n trouble Gotta take care of my babies" -max b Junius ft max b - wavy 4 life
you know i'd be more excited about austins concert if i was actually going.
This is some fkd up shit
Kelly Kelly (:
probably. But I think Wall and Cousins can both be superstars. Especially Cousins, dude's a monster. Way better than Davis will be
yay! You have been missed!
"And may the lord give guidance to the lost souls." #Np Hold It Down, J Cole.
or a sweet little kiss like in the photo!
SUCK IT YANKEES! HA HA FUCKERS!
Monday so soon?! The weekend went by way to fast :\
Would love to go to Food & Wine Classic in #aspen if we can get enough excitement for ! Fingers crossed
If someone is not responding to you, stop worrying about them. The people who want to be in your life make the time.
But here's my number, so call me maybe?
happy birthday! Hope the rehab is going well! Who Dat!
With that endorsement how can we not! I am addicted to Barrie Burgers though. Keep track and I'm at 34 :)
2d. I think Imax would be awesome
Hi all! Did you have a good weekend?
Love watching late night , great shows about moving to Paris and Dubai.
For Jeff and Jordan: Jeff, when are you and Jordan going to get married? ;)
DeCastro will go here
": ooh, fisticuffs!!"That's mo like it!
the cheese shop & the beer aisles are my favorite places in any
If you want a follow back, just ask(; im a cool iphone! But dont tell Austin... shhh
DJ ENVY ONE™ - PARTY ROCK MIX, free download on soundcloud
can you share some more info on this? I'd like to sign up. Thanks.
I need at least some motivation to do anything today.
WTF they could've tackled him ! -.-
Goodnight twitter
Welp, off to St. Louis we go! I'm up in the first session, so by 3:30pm 2mrw, I'll be feeling much calmer & all will be fun (I hope)
no go next weekend. what about tuesday night after memorial weekend ? i think jades off
Back in Half Price Land!! Looking forward to an action packed and fun filled footy year!!!
say what?
Dinner with at Lobster Shack on #Cocoa Beach ... best #quote from her "I'm from Iowa. Bacon's kinda our thing." Lol!
LOL. Won't make a diff b/c Occifer Friendly already made up his mind!
Refreshingly easy call to this afternoon. Love the real customer service!
thanks so much!! hope to see you when we're out on the road in september!
Thanks for the shout out! Always looking to hear some new DnB
I can't understand why anyone in the media would claim this. It's like no one out there has every heard of the word "ally".
Beware the ides of March :)
Yep.. May 19th! RT : you guys are playing Cool River soon, right?
Beautiful day to start #BikeToWorkWeek week, think I will.
. Shoot. I even packed you a sack lunch.
got it
Well, that was one busy week! We got a lot done though. All I see now is Ashton Kutcher on Twitter. He really is the new Charlie Sheen! lol
Fire, Football, RedBox!
Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.
Done with depressions time to raise my expectations !
How wasn't that goal tending
Just when I thought some things were untouchable. I'm appalled that someone decided to make a horror film based on Chernobyl.
If gov is a referee between businesses, as O contends, then gov enacts fairness rules, so as to maintain a productive economy.
Half-secret freak
No good mornings mentions make me feel to say a bad word or cuss for the year
#MUSICNEWS When I first listened to 'I Got Time' by Domino Go, I knew their music was something to get excited about. With an abundance o
proud owner of crossroads.
You will rise by lifting others. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Last Day Of school Tomorrow, And We going to the Beach. #CantWait ^_^
You have no idea how and I can hustle, even with a one day delay in Detroit. #SOBCon energy.
But I'm into travel PR and consumer marketing. We should keep in touch! When are you graduating?
I get a bitch and give Dick thatll tear her stomach up...!!
I will forsure!
Memphis got a BIG break right there wow
Can't stop reading about this bizarre, unbelievable story that is sweeping twitter, no not Sarah Phillips, Jeff Suppan is back
Never look back, reminising on yesterday. Smile for the future, tomorrow is a new day :) x
It's cause he's from there. Was never like that in GB! RT : What a homer that guy is RT : Bedard on Pats...
thank you so much for all of your help spreading the word of SBN. I will follow anyone who will give me the same respect! Major props!
yes she does. Your her bestfriend. And she can tell you anything.
He says he loves you now but when you say your pregnant. Bitch fuck you i never loved you, you was just a hit and run.
How is your day going ?
Um Dick Clark passed away?? :/
Nice! We will figure it out! It's what we do!
absolutely adore you
Wow. Hard to imagine someone wouldn't think that qualified for disability leave.
Ersan going off like a young Pat Cummings, getting it done.
excitement will happen!
RT HTFreebourn Stupid ass teachers think they know more about using the internet than we do! Bullshit!
I lie to feel better about letting you down .... Or to save myself the awkward moment where you realize I'm not your friend
congrats on winning the #hack award. U definitely deserved it.Our #soundbump hack was no match :) :)
#edcampCincy "If you aren't giving meaningful feedback on the paper, what's the point of assigning it?"
Are you participating in your life? Don't be stingy. If you have something to contribute...then share!
#Chevrolet mi scusi, my English is not so good.
Being named the new #3 in al-Qaida must feel a bit like being named the new drummer of Spinal Tap.
Thanks, Stan! Trying to!
“: #Gemini are lazy when it comes to work, homework, and homework yet sometimes are so helpful.” omg how'd you know?
Causing trouble for and on Facebook. As the Mayans prophesied.
If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
10 miles today making 20 this week...sharing my baked fish recipe tomorrow on the blog...catching up on now love
I dunno how that's about to work. But imma make it happen.
Is everyone having a cheesy Friday so far?
understood. I'm having my students create a digital edition (which will talk about at DHSI). Process might work better.
I miss my babe :( I just dropped him off </3
haha- I'm a huge Rush geek and I won't apologize for it.
Realizing now that I should thank myself for my foresight-ful decision to build a heavy-duty PC
I'm really interested in visiting an archaeological sight for my "you pick it", have any ideas where I might find one?
Getting my grill adjusted at the dentist.
. At Facebook the best engineers work on the software tools & back-end infrastructure that other engineers build off
An applicant willing to hand over social media passwords to an employer to land a job is likely to hand over comapny secrets for a payoff.
#musiclib2012 Welcome to Big D from the LAC! I heart MLA!
Love MD! RT : Disappointed to hear about NC but confident that marriage equality will prevail in Maryland.
Google&#39;s Blogger Lets You Upload Webcam Images
Nice! So if I was back in the UK I'd have tuned in and heard my famous artist pal talking about his latest project!
Very cool talking to you this weekend! Interested in hearing more about the
keep up the good work. Hard work pays. I see you
Last exam of the semester!
My mom babys the shit out of my brother and she expects me to do the same.
Ooh...Fresca in a Collins. M. Think I'm going to do gin, sprite, and berries as my final and easiest option.
Sorry we couldn't connect with you yesterday on the phone, we'd really like to do a call soon to discuss the Dog Fooding.
Getting PAID today :)
Any thoughts on the redditt community discussion boards?
I tried in each pre sale , woke up early twice for this and I got nothing. 😢ugh
i FINALLY had Chili's baby back ribs!! ...meh...
some people miss the boat on humorRT Madonna sucks her thumb and hasn't missed any "boat" in life. You should reconsider your logic
coming in with his remix of "Judas"
I'd have a million favorites
Nothing's funny when it you..
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. -Josh Billings
#NJD and #Flyers off to a very physical start. Obvious one team is playing for their playoffs lives.
thanks richard
Its unwatchable compared to 'The Fourth Direction' starring Shia Labouef & Morgan Freeman
congrats on all the great reviews for The Angry Buddhist!!
MaYbE cAusE theY wEre OpeN aNd thE ShOT CloCK wAS gOiNg doWN
Austin: Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe. Say somethin' baby don't be so shy. Me: SOMETHIN'.
fair enough...
I hate Time Warner Cable :/
#GOODMORNING MY DUDE!!!
Always gotta count on lebron choking on key free throws
The required exclamation when driving thru Illinois: tolls suck!
We fight because we care
Ok I'm ready to see The Avengers again.
RT : Presenting Twitter & PLN to school librarians today. How does Twitter help you? Why is PLN important? Please RT!...
Power of that P.
can you guys also bring chicken stars please
Damn Vanderbilt actually won at something
I would rather takes shots of battery acid than watch 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'
I'll admit, I don't know what rock <ahem IE6> I've been living under. But I am LOVING Google Chrome with all the cool integration and apps!
EMA at Mercury Lounge just went on sale!
Sitting down at my desk and finding many other things to do besides the taxes I said I'd get done this afternoon.
I new u were some type of hispanic. Lol :))
May 31 is our next #HappyHour! We'll be at , so if you're one of those planner types, it's time to mark it on your calendar!
that guy was awesome!
Sure. I have never seen that strict of a comment spam filter on a public site.
RT : What's your favorite Burt Bacharach song?
When life shits bricks you're gonna need more than toilet paper.
Stay as long as you want. Mi casa es su casa. Call any time for address and directions: 619 249 4344
Watchin' 's How To Make It In America in the #EmmyFYC package. Good eps!
hahaha! You need like therapy or something!
Worth every minute of the two hour wait “: I'm at Frontera Grill & Topolobampo (445 N Clark St, at W Illinois St, Chicago)"
President should be out too.
I realize everyone there is excited about your new home page design. However, your most valuable content is in your blog posts.
Does anyone else have a strange addiction to reading #groupon discussions? Just me?
occasionally....from time to time
Also, big upswing in crohn's disease in kids: another autoimmune related disorder.
I will bet you 20 bucks you'll never see a classroom again. You will work in ed, but not as a teacher.
can this get any weirder? :O
Hi! Sorry- my co worker needs someone local to come in to our office. I'll reach out if something changes
taking full advantage of V-Day. Reaching her target and offering love expertise on The View and Nate Berkus today
Nobody knows what am feeling inside, I fined it so stupid so why should I hide, that i want to make love to you baby!
She be fukin wit Ordinary niggaz
Absolutely! Congrats on the new project.... see you in Memphis in August. ;)
If u ain't noticed nigga I don't give a fuk!!
Fitness #photoshoot this weekend. Check back Sunday for updates.
Looking over the categories I'll be judging for the Webby Awards. Always fun to recognize how much the web improves each year.
cant wait until this saturday SOLO FEST WOOP WOOP !!! last year got a 28 out of 28 for instrumental and a 26 out of 28 for vocal woop woop!
the only "free" that can be attained is in the mind. That's it. That's all.
i get my braces off tomorrow .
Scary monster! :)
lmao “: The bitch Mel caught stealing prolly the same 1 that left my house with MY draws on. Lmao”
..pumping that "pieces of a man " by AZ....#classic shit
I'll knock some hoes out at work, already told 3broads off
ugh I'm crossing my fingers for good weather it just CAN'T rain
I love the new Dr. Pepper 10 & it's cute lil purple-grey can! (Not for women, my ass.)
dat boy is mine
kid cudi ;) let's have babies <3
I'm not aware of any platform that does not track some activity. The one I am most familiar w/ is SharePoint/NewsGator
omg i swea andriod is like EXTRA slow..!!
": I'm getting older, heart getting colder.. #.ISwear"
After some routine maintenance, we are now OPEN ! It's Prime Rib Monday at Memphis Minnie's. See you soon...
Watchin #UtahStateFootball kick some #bobcat ass!!
thanks for the bollow... what was the inspiration behind your profile photo?
So excited to be in San Fran to rep Medical Heritage Library at
RT : #Rams Steven Jackson leads all active RBs in rushing attempts -- by 348. Isaiah Pead's time coming sooner rather than later.
Wisconsin scholars Won
Don't Fuck With Family.
haha me too.. almost did just now but caught myself
RT : Great nonprofit program founded by Top Fuel Dragster to teach our teens safe driving-Plz...
Keyword: Backup. RT : Buddy Nix on VY: '“We think adding Vince will create more competition for backup quarterback position.
i miss you turds
Can't wait! Plan to read it w/ my 15 year old.
Thanks so much for the RT Alex and thanks for reading the post!
Loading the bus to head to the arena. Looking forward to the boys regrouping and taking one from the Huskies. We'll take a split
Great Lil Kickers classes this morning. The kids are pumped up for spring. More classes Saturday morning.
When you text someone you've been friends with almost all year and you get "who is this" as a reply<<
your bad :/
If anyone is interested I will be signing books at Barnes and Nobles from 3pm until removed by security.
One of #Banzai's goals is to bring our low-calorie, healthy sushi to schools around the country in an effort to fight childhood obesity!
Induction ceremony
if you dont like juicy j then keep it to yourself !
I hate weak ass niggas
It looks like we will be offering #FREEBLOODGLUCOSEMACHINES and testing strips at $15/box of 50!
no I told u when I'm coming home lol...and technically that's early
Bro. I Need A Boyfriend. I Hate Being Single. ☹☂✗
Agree! He wasnt that funny! : Kimmel is talking too fast; started off great but kind of eh after that
you too! thx for all the great social networking tips! i have some work to do :)
My vision is so blurry right now 😞
Today I just want to tell everyone to "SUCK IT!"
hey...not to be rude, but who are you?
They SHOULD call ME butter CUZ I'm so SMOOTH!")
Soon I going to kesha game
i use it for brainstorming or i make cards out of it or mix cd covers
Learned a lot about being a domainer at the #dallasseo talk last night.
WAHOOOOOO!!! :D Super happy for you! :P High tops rule :P
apartment hunting tomorrow .
At the County hearing on their General Plan Update. Only took what seems like 20 years. Should have taken another 20 to get it right!
RT : Act like I don't have to be awake in 4 hours (This. I definitely have class in the morning, lol.)
now it's reality
Ah, the smart person fantasy... RT BRILLIANT sketch on SNL called "Comments Section."
I think this ALL the time. ❤
Glad you think so, thanks for sharing!
": #ifiMadeit I would shoot movies all day" I know would
let's just say I win and then we won't have to fight! :) haha!
Hey! My maiden name is Palin. Just kidding.... I've never been married.
Yeah I know.
he died when Austin was 16 months old :(, but i dont know how he died
OPEN THIS PIT UP!
So, you're not mad at what I said?
Don't be mad that i'm backstage at every show.
hahah yeah omg but believe me I kno. He's 100% single :)
Tired of your opinions.
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty
Something about the holiday season always reminds me of how Mariah Carey was relevant 20 years ago
I've got a fever!
We're glad you found us too! RT- Coop's BBQ... I'm so glad I found you.
wow how nice:)..
Marlon Brando's motorcycle from "The Wild One" is worth an estimated £500,000 or $659,682.28; however, no one knows where it is.
“: It's all shits and giggles, until someone giggles and shits.”
love that couch!
I hope me & Abriana can take art together next year :D
RIP Nolan Richardson I my condolences go out to Coach Nolan Richardson and his family
Good morning world. I see you and I'm ready to greet you with love, warmth and kindness. I hope you do the same. :-)
Hell :) its me TeamNicolette from instagram :D
Wonder if can get 300 followers by tonight! He follows back an if he hits I'll follow all of his followers!!
I love when retweets all of his fans
and you're my first follower!
False alarm again
Im so restless.
“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” -Thomas Edison
yup , I thought they where movin but I guess not
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve. By : Napoleon Hill
you lookin real good
Me too girl :)
Well said!
sealed in a succulent Swiss quintuple smooth treble cream milk chocolate envelope and lovingly frosted with glucose.
Basketball game tonight
idk if its too late, but watch Going The Distance if you haven't seen it yet
Surprised to see a dusting of snow this morning? Well, more flurries are in the forecast.Tune into starting at 6am for the deets
See you on Thurs!
no sorry/:
Peyton has been on both of my favorite teams. Colts and Broncos. We're related somehow
A big #manly salute to you and
#PACKERNATION - get out your phones NOW! You only have to press send 5 times to give back to - 800-868-3403
She gave me my first job in journalism at the Borrego Sun, and Borrego will miss Ms Judy Winter Meier. Too tragic.
looks like you're focusing right now very well, you're right
about to go to bed...i need to b well rested 4 the photo shoot 2moro....goodnight Tweeties, talk 2 u 2moro
I wanted that to happen..That is why I came back and said does anybody want to come with me??? You guys didn't come
Two guys on the bus got into a fight about talking too loudly on a cell phone. By yelling at each other.
lol different sort of calm..Hope rest of day goes great for u!
Re-Opening of Questions? .... I need parts.
Fa sho! Hit my FB wall and I got u on the re share.
's Twitter excitement lasted all of 24 hours
which is the best "food city" in Italy???
Thanks... I miss her. She has been gone since yesterday!
This game is on another level
Yes, I'm quite sure I'd be happier if I were drinking. Therefore, it's happy hour!
The only thing I don't like about Vegas is the #UNLV fans. Boo Rebels!
#Birds are very intelligent can become easily bored. Offer toys, change the number, variety and location in cage with ample space.
Just started the first rehabilitation class at Oro Valley Parks, Rec & Library, also 1st in Southwest
Bummer! We will miss you.
She definitely has a lot of hair:)
HB 1272 passes Senate Business, Labor and Technology Committee. Good work,
on , swoon! I'm such a fan.
Boosie made same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him out because he didn't want to kiss they azz for Fame :/
I should go to sleep at 8 more often , it feels good ❤
BLAST FROM THE PAST..I want a new drug, one that won't make me sick. One that won't make me wreck my car, or make me feel three feet thick!
best sign in the house!
There are a few slow episodes, but some of them are absolutely hilarious. I definitely think it's worth it.
A problem girls seem to have trouble with. They fall for boys who gives them sweet words and false hope.
Things to do; Pack for next week, clean room,finish dome accounting. Things I'm doing: Shopping for make-up, laying in bed.
Anyway, she's fodder. I only think that of two people that I have ever met. Both are really sick in the head.
Three-day weekend! Lots of football-watching in the man cave.
I just changed my username.
My mind is in SHAMBLES and my day is off just a little when I forget to make my bed. Ugh.
LOOOVEE THIS! 💋 can't wait to love u tomorrow
Stock image hogs, load up on iStockPhoto credits. Use code LEAP20 for a 20% discount today only!!!!
I don't care if it was politically unwise—thank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage. Now where's the prez?
aww that's no fun :(
Will you be my rebound ass?
you're disappointing me.
trying out the OneNote app for IPad.
Bout to go put the PS3 on the 60 inch..since I barely play that shit.
This winner can spell RT : Today, they bought a frier.
With 40 minutes before polls close here in Wisco, I offer election night thanks to , and for their wizardry…
it is! Gorgeous!
Happy New Year everybody!!!!!!
my home button keeps sticking omygod
S/O Big Dawg Nick2oon to the CitiTeam Family
I swear I could eat Chinese food all day.
Waiting for deliveries, listening to The Hold Steady practice for Wed's show. They're doing an awesome cover of Power of Love right now.
We live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.
yeah. way back when
I'll tell you what. Having the 3rd natural result for "airline reservation system" doesn't suck.
This time she tweeted leap into currency
i have skype
i ask my mom what she wants for mother's day. & she says a michael kors purse & bvlgari sunglesses. IM the expensive one? YEAH OK MOM.
Help! We need a quick draw caracaturist for an event in June. Can you help or know anyone that can? Contact us on 01636 610 556. Please RT
we are here lol
hey, just wanted to say have a safe flight man, hope to see you when you get in Texas. :)
You're one of our biggest fans! Thank YOU!
pre game studio kush naps , #night night
RT : and are off to today! Who else will be there?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the best multiple rape Christmas movie of the year.
I'm not reading wha u talking about
IS GOING TO ROCK IT THIS YEAR ;)
Sweet! Have fun in my hometown fellas!
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
I'm in Norway! Who would have thought I'd ever say that?!? WILD!! :)
What a gorgeous day in #Detroit. Got the best lookin yard on the street. Go Tigers!
What movies coming out this summer are you excited to see? I want to see Rock of Ages, Hope Springs & The Intouchables!
Day 2 in Denver show #astd2012 with our partner , amazing show!
I swear I don't like sum school teachers sum of them b acting so phony & they have favoritism & act like they don't like anyother student.
Happy fb day to my fb friends!! May it be ever lucrative for u!!!
5 Ways to Get Out of the Pay-Per-Click Weeds
Voting my little butt for and Fanny Pak <33
When I say "morons" you know what I mean. White people aren't riding around on mountain bikes shooting.
i think taylor swift is talented but i dont really like her that much
#ThoughtsWhileRunning ...I don't run that much....
YW! And me too! RT : Thanks for coming to our class! Looking forward to the presentations on Tuesday!
Please Follow the page of my documentary Get Together Girls :)
"The healthiest response to life is joy." -Deepak Chopra
I love working with white people. They have more sensibility, they show up on time, they don't fight, they're nicer...
This snow is lame
Tell her youre going to do it yourself if she doesnt thats what I did (X (sorry late)
Newsick short documentary coming soon!
#whosgonnalose - Miami at Tennessee - Miami will lose
i just had the best chilli cheese fries..that i made..yummy
Thanks for the photo retweet Damian!
: yea the chair was huge!
RT "I can't do it" never yet accomplished anything; "I will try" has performed wonders. ~ George P. Burnham
Thriving means reveling in our imperfections, makes us more relatable and endearing
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;)
Needs this to be a good day. Not great so far.
maybe ur mom mildly retarded like u hahahahahahahahhaa
tweet me maybe
I'm good and cool
Happy Hump Day Thanks for the follow.
Tired Af and on top of That I'm not feeling good.
Vendor emails for #ALA10 definitely kicked into high gear today. Thx Yahoo for unlimited storage. Work email would fill up too quickly.
Chattin with Allen Walters bout Avid's awesome Golf Passport. Check it out
My dog doesn't "smell your dog". She's just an ill-mannered jackhole.
who put her on TV right away? seems like sad ratings grab...
Okay, I have finally decided to get out of bed. But I'll wait for another 10 minutes
oh pretty!
How did I get 80 followers, I haven't done much
We got that! We will feature ur tracks on Thursday from 8 to 10pm
Just got a gift card. This is not going to last long...
I like this!! :-) RT : Never face reality unless your reality is just the way you want it to be. -- Abraham-Hicks
Are you still on for the thatConference hackathon?
I can't stop shaking and I dont know why.
okay im looking up if hes the singer from dir en grey
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
huh??? What album of me? There's one? Hhhmmm....interesting. I would have to check it out then. Thanx for the heads up, babe!
he tries way to hard to debate the other side of the story. Sometimes you just gotta agree with people
Im 31 weeks! And congrats on the baby girl! So exciting.
He is really tryna preach as if it is chruch no offensive but im gettn bored . They should sing again
He loves to make me miserable .. :l
You know it! RT : I guess repping will get the a win
Missn my dad but can't wait to see my momma tomorrow for mom's day! Even better she's stayn the night with us!
haha, well it goes like this: pornstar gets RT'd into my timeline who mentioned the fleshlight account, I click, BAM.
I will be at school in an hour. But the guys wish you'd let them wear jeans.... Please?
you should have came to church with me yung lady
#youmightbealiberal if you think critically.
In case you haven't heard, Peter Bondra's son, David, has officially committed to Michigan State to play hockey. Congrats, Bonzai, Jr.
Hi there. Just checked out your portfolio. Very impressive!
Salsa & Bachata, and no :p It's Rosh Shana (Jewish New Year)
I can't wait for my IDs to get here.
David Rose at #ideaseconomy : "the US bankruptcy laws...enables entr'ship - not the case in the UK - failure = bad"
The LADIES LOUNGE is rockin' today with ! It's gonna be a great Monday! But can't wait to see my girl tomorrow.
Back in the factory today, is going to be a great day I can feel it in my bones.
Yum! Thank you for the mention...and the craving!
RT FREE admission to several around Oregon & Washington on Friday (5/11)
cause they ass some fake ass fans they only wit the knicks cause they playing Miami. Miami whooping that ass got mfer quiet
Chances are slim, it's full to the max :(
A pack a day takes my breathe away
I love you! Great job on the last song! He's all I need too! God Bless You Colton! I can't wait to see you on tour someday! xo<3
The worst thing for a pretty lookin girl is to have been with a (blank) Cause then she starts thinkin she's the sh**
it's really not hating he is not a real warrior
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records. ~William Arthur Ward
you'll have to send us a pic of your #ButterCow goodies!
what's that supposed to mean -.- lol
Watching war of worlds such a good movie!!!!
Detective Benson I love you.
im not sure what i just did - but i think i broke my twitter.
i'll talk to you if you want :p sorry i'm creepin.
just wait till when April wont feel like April when we miss Marley Fest and Lone Star Jam....Road Trip?
I did not want to wake up this morning to work. On some straight artist shit.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
#sschat any good strategies for introducing students to pbl? Specifically, teaching them to work well in groups? Thx!
I have 16 cabins for the June 5th Sailing of Allure of the Seas plus a couple of perks! 7 days western caribbean!
"It is your birthday"-Dwight K. Shrute
Wow in and out in under 30! Kudos you, WI DMV
Studying at Coupa. What else is new?
At ChristianMusic.com you'll find all the great Christian Music Genres you can also follow our blog at Christianmusicco.blogspot.com
when madison comes to my house and makes me want to slit my wrists cause she's so ugly.
When you cease to dream you cease to live
The Vice President...Joe Biden... is in Charge of our Space Program? WTF? We are so screwed!
did they really break up??
everything is good so far a very mild winter here so nice to ease into. How are you?
We're gearing up for our meeting today - hm howmany guests & tips? Details after meeting!
Swallow the pain.
#luv that room so f'n much #teammeatballs cant wait for the show!!!!!
that's cool! You better vote for me aha :-p
Starting my Sunday working on a webinar presentation: "Marketing to Boomers" ... Any cool links or resources are welcome :)
RT : Eddie Vedder had an injury and rescheduled his Bob Carr PAC shows for Nov. 27 and 28. Thanks for the shout...
Try our free trial of leads. What have you got to lose?
is that Bobby Valentine wearing the #46 spoked B in Toronto tonight
04/26/2012 | 12:10:24 AM EDT | Bank of Japan adds 5 trillion yen to asset purchases, keeps rates on hold; stocks soar.
Dude u been one forever lol
#Wellingtonswag please call and tell him I love him 469 233 0513
maybe it'll take 40 ignored calls? Some people are a little slow you know.
Your funny you dont need one of these..
I'll tell you what constitues an argument: when you add in those that have stopped looking for work the unemployment rate is >11%.
"Osama bin Laden is DEAD, GM is alive!" Two things Pres. Obama took a gamble in accomplishing and Romney was openly opposed to.
What kind of flowers did you incorporate into your wedding bouquet and decor?
"Pretty Sweet" indeed!
Family weekend continues breakfast in
BOO! SURPRISE! How do you feel?
Best friends are... simply put, the best.
and the best financial decision.... ?
Wow. It only took 20 minutes at #AWP for someone to mock James Franco.
A cheeseburger happy meal with fries and a Sprite at McDonalds has 640 calories and 24 grams of fat.
Hi Michael. Honored to meet you! Thanks for the follow!
Providence Farmers' Market with ma and little bro!
We are loving all of the #ff love today! :) and don't forget if you tweet about us telling people to check us out we will follow you!
what brought you to London? There must be some other Simmons women out there... or at least someone who knows one!
I was just about to say what happened. You never hit me dude. Call me now. I never got anything from you. PROMISE
Yay! No homework
thanks you, thank you!
I could totally go for punching something. Wall, stack of paper, car bumper, whatever really.
LOLL. I got out of school at 3:15. Had the state test today...
May happiness slap you across the face and may your tears be that of joy ...
We had a ton of fun releasing ladybugs into Girard Garden ystrdy w Pre-K & Kindergarten!
then you're gonna get the or else.
Ol Police Ass Nigga I Know U Workin =)
Trying to get to sleep before midnight is really putting a dent in my social life!
Happy belated, Shindyyy!
it's gonna be good. I think they're sufficiently "Rachel." I land at 1:45... almost there!! :)
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we actually had to talk to people , now kids use Facebook & twitter.
Troll Herder just doesn't have the same ring.
thatgame is the truth
You're absolutely right. A disappointing result for the German side for sure.
Hi ! how are you?
Great rehearsal for tomorrows show at Jakes Bar with the Burly Q Band! we hit at 10 and midnight!
Happy Birthday Daddy!! I Love You!!
That song is like bottled NYC pride -- makes me feel like I'm living the dream even on days when I'm not ;-P
Im so bored Im scrolling up on twitter even though I've been out of stories for like 3 minutes.
hehe yeah, that movie brings back memories,
have I told you how upset I am, well I'm really upset 😢💔
Bummed I didn't get into the section of Practices that I wanted :/
Today has been long and disappointing to say the least.
love the bellagio & can't believe how warm Vegas was today, esp with snow all over the mountains
thank you! :) gonna be giving away a free tee. stay tuned!
Washington park is loud today
follow them because I know how much you love the pic
Cool, thanks!
If you have something to say about Jona come say it to her (;
post a video of you doing the dougie
I feel like I'm on the verge of starvation, but this cat in my lap is making it difficult to get up...
i love you 2
Whoever it was on Twitter that told me to watch in "The Good Guy," thank u! Wow! That was the story of my life for almost 3 yrs
if you have an original 45rpm of the rolling stones' 'street fighting man' with sleeve, it can bring up to $15k.
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse! Guess who's back from a long birthday weekend? Yep, that would be me!
Thank u Jesus! Prater must've been promised an ass beating or a stripper!
married men may live longer but they've lived half of it in a marriage :)
im on this drank red bottle texas tea I think Im getting sick.Drank dont fell me now
has opened the #horsetrail riding and #barbecue season, have you Booked your #vacation or meal yet? Do it NOW!
Hey, dude! How are ya?
People who tag they instagram pics with a hundred tags be pathetic
yeah that was news in 2005
What places have Kids Eat Free Specials in Gaston County? Please list place and day of the week. Putting together a database.
We talking about the devil.... Lil Boosie
congrats back at ya, haha. But for #Purdue (or any Midwest collegiate baseball program), it's more about baby steps.
Drought may delay BLM horse policy shift from roundups to fertility control in ... - The Republic
got any tickets left?
Join me Sat @ MIA! Playing "Sled Hockey" 4 "Fire on Ice" benefit "Make a Wish", Firefighters 311 & Programs 4 folks with disabilities. 1 pm
someday i will find my prince.. .. but my daddy will always be my king
With authority comes resource allocation + $$ MT shared responsibility rather than shared authority
when is that?
that's great <3 and I'm from Puerto Rico ;) wbu?
the 2nd one was perfect and this one is over my head. 2/2
I was a hit at Hoptomic! I think I've got something here :)
the only thing thats gonna #EVOLVE is my boner when the new single comes out
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down.
Gosh so sick.. Sore throat & aches.. Oh well thank god for TV.. I need to return to the land of the living.. Please oh please :-/
hey buddy
Nod and smile when you really want to push someone off of a cliff.
"Achy Breaky Shin Splints"
My 7-year-old is a french roast afficianato--but it's more milk than coffee.
#March madness is here. The best time of year to be a sports fan. I'm watching games everywhere eating wings.
Thanks for the follow!
Dear mr toilet I'm the shit, got these other haters pissed cuz my toilet paper thick
Can't wait to see your version of #SpringAwakening. Saw it at Rice via Generations!
tell cece hit me. were kinda waiting on her.
Happy Friday Friends! Don't forget we are at the West Windsor Farmer's Market tomorrow, Saturday from 9am to 1pm.
I had a at who would hunt and kill my pork top ramen in the pantry. Only the pork. Then he'd drag his kill home to my bed.
oh fa shoooo
thanks. It goes back to the basketball and carpet football at the Durhams'
Kids say the cutest things!!! Hope you have a very blessed day! :)
Thinking of taking a break from FB for awhile. Didn't go on today and already I feel better about life.
My cat needs to go to the vet. Now would be a good time for the parents I know to need a babysitter.
Just had a conversation with my hubby about how awesome it would be if CBS sent into the house to terrorize Rachel.
The Lakers mad as hell lmao. Y'all gon shut OKC up at home huh? A Lie! lol
As the #1 pick in the upcoming NBA draft, you'd think Anthony Davis would know that No Shave November is over.
Be sure to drink half your body weight in ounces of water daily. Ex: if you weigh 100 pounds, you need to drink 50 ounces of water.
She is working a lot
When will I get Flow Visualizations? Looks really cool!
Happy Easter nigguhs. Lessgo egg hunting yee! About to have a BBQ today. Well better get sleep for tomorrow. Easter here I come. Aha
Sweet RT : We really had a good brick with and his nutrition was spot on.
