its good that he told u about it but unless ur gonna go i wouldnt trust those two guys to be around him without u there
Id much rather be somewhere with you.
Good morning twitter!(:
It was a fun day.....media-wise.
+1 8) RT Totally! RT : Would love to see a crossover event between #sosea and
Take five
Am I #400? RT : 1 shy of 400 followers. What does this mean? Nothing.
Same here! let's keep in touch! :)
I think this is going to be a battle of the bullpens.
This time of the year.Gotta love it!
Today was the worst day ever
what you said
I am following you . I will make you laugh. send you audio.
Happy mothers day to all the mamas 💗👏💋💐
BTW - buy presales for & early and save $$$! Highly advisable.
i remember when & TX would play KU.man you were so good, at least 30 pts both times. had to battle back hard, KU on top :) ha
chilln bored as hell
The msg I saw when i got out practice.. <<:/
WHOS GONNA DO THE PARTY BINGO!!!
god morning tweeters! what better time than to do "that thing" that you keep putting off? today's the perfect day, so go for it! : )
Says : governments should work closely with #infosec community to fight #cybercrime watch event
that had to be an awesome day in your life.
LOL @ how much I ate tonight and how I decided to lower my guilt - by walking home from a realllllyyy far place lol
"That was before... Twitter!" Ha.
Won the #Bills game on the recovered squib kick. The season would be OVER without him. Shoulda never been cut. SMH.
Hahaha I'm loving this... screw the Bulls
people write stories of like falling in love with the boys! :)
we are pretty sure that if our awesome graphics work does not fix all, then #bacon fills the gap. If not, then we tried. :)
. dccodeathon is Apr 9-11 I So need PARSERS! We are even doing a wee hackathon in austin this weekend to get ready!
Rainy Sunday...basketball time! LOVE this game :)
What I've learned in three days in a row of library work? Bags of books are HEAVY.
Yes! I listened to the audiobook in one day. Now I'm going through withdrawal.
another reason parents shouldn't follow their children on twitter.
we out?!
Austin u don't play temple run Omg!
If you could speed up one element of event staffing, what would it be? Payment? Getting booked? The event itself? Job alerts?
Contrary to presentation, Florida & Caribbean Chapter has not adopted Wordpress. Still using custom CMS.
So happy for the guys GO BREWERS!
morning babe
The smallest things in life make you happiest. :3
don't worry I still love you (:
Im great!! How r u?? Whats this #SendCards thing all about?
You ain't TRILL till ----> follows you! they follow me...yeah... its a big deal.
Me: "what ethnicity is you roommate?" Her: "German? But I only say that because her Mom lives in Germantown." And say hello to Bunny!
I am excited about this!!
i can try
What is the best brand of peanut butter?
Also from Eleanor Roosevelt: "The future belongs to those who believe in the power of their dreams".
Thank you for RT!
Suck a dick bitch
he's saving himself for Logan
This is the stuff dreams are made of.
Why did I spend $500 shopping yesterday??? and Macy's
Kurt Weill's Street Scene Opera opens tonight. Sold out for today but get yours for the 25th, 27th, 29th, or May 1st! $26 for adults.
Doing hair outside on the porch.....
RT7 things I like about Miley Cyrus: Her smile, her songs, her eyes, her voice, her style, her legs..but most of all: her HEART.MileyDay2011
Return of the HIT SQUAD show feb 24th NYC best buy theater!!!!
humbled. Thnx u for the follow back
You << a rock
Everything I expected KU-UNC to be. Tied 47-47 at halftime.
lmao, i would love him if he shut his mouth
Interesting tweets btw has me wondering: are ~all~ politicians' tweets "work," even "personal" ones? I think so.
where did yall here this from?
I don't get drunk, I get awesome right
Cantor can't get anything done because of his attitude. If this persist he will hurt both himself & the GOP politically!!!
you better add Austin Jackson to my list of injured players lol!!
yesterday was so badass!! on stage looking out at nothing but a sea of people was hardcore kickass. When we doing it again? ;)
When Eazy-E was playing on the radio, I knew exactly how my day would go, California sunshine.
#CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart. 24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me . Thanks Walmart! follow rt
Nope. It would be right of you. Sometimes I forget I'm on the internet and try to mark up corrections on the screen with my pen.
Will watch #NCAA Kentucky-Kansas at Grevey's in Falls Chutch on Monday night.
depressed because i keep dreaming i'll actually meet in person but that will never happen :(
why u explanation pointing me? Lol
interesting. I'm going to watch highlights of him when I go home. It's just crazy that we have all these eligible big men.
aw. Thanks!
Patiently waiting for my ultimate package…hope it gets here by tomorrow!
I'm not saying I'm the best but I promise with the right tools ill be one of the greatest! Let's get it! God bless
Juice is Loose RT : Ole Miss's SID sounds dead on like Juice. I'm experiencing unwanted and unwelcome memories.
on my way to the airport really early+then thats what makes you beautiful comes on+I had to jam out in a car full of sleepers
Veterans Job Fair tmrw 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way. Some attending: Prudential, NJ Transit, Target, Home Depot, etc.
nun who u writing a note 2 r u cheating on ur husband i will get a DIVORCE
Yoda said: "Do not assume anything, clear your mind must be...... bitch!"
Fun A Day : make art every day in January - Tucson Citizen "Fun A Day": make art every day in January Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Classen o
you are welcome doll! : )
When you are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control or destroy you!
haven't won a single game of kings corner ALL weekend. Even went to the bar to get the wife drunk and try again. She ordered a diet coke...
Skipping my run bc I'm tired...and I want to watch the Challenge
i cant even add uggh they gone say i reached my limit
“: You know I love your band. ;)” Obvi. Who doesn't?
Trader Joe's Halloween JoJo's are da bomb.
Is that at Laurelhurst?
Who is One Direction...?
Yay for you:))
Should I be worried that my gym smells like old beef bouillon?
my crush just called me and sang private dancer over the phone while it played on his pandora. might sound lame, but hilarious.
thighs like what what what
Thanks for RT!
you may be on to a winner there!
- lol! Watch for the word "QI"
“: Your dream will visit the valley from time to time that's where visionaries get their greatest revelation.”
RT "What then, is t/ true Gospel of consistency? Change. Who is the really consistent man? The man who changes" Mark Twain
im soo damn bored doesnt know how to text ppl backk :P
The Rangers offense is so inept. No one in front of the goal ever.
Where is the list of RESOURCES to help people? That was just a list of LAWS, (visualize a revolving door)
I love her .... But please take someone like you off the radio. I can't take it anymore.
Ughh I woke up too early now I have to wait an hour to go school.. YAYY!!! no.
People fall in love with what they hear which clouds their judgement on what they see. Actions speak louder than words.
Human life is purely a matter of deciding what's important to you.
Drop7 is 10 cents on Android Market right now. Buy it unless you hate wonderful things.
At JFK waiting for my connecting flight to Minnesota then back to Cheeseland!
HathiTrust goals: comprehensive collection, shared strategies, public good.
I'm with you!
L yeah
I think I will. Where is the networking event?
Great news - RT Tomorrow we hit 12 hours of daylight Anchorage.
I have not seen Part Two yet. Felt like I hated the first, but now it's growing on me. Love your show.
#Moonshine.. Not a good idea
After a while it gets old. . To give someone your everything & get nothing in return. . * goodnite
Great to meet you
It's a paper about a paper about other papers on the concept of politeness in social psychology. Who paid them to write this?
I just finished a 2.32 mi run with a pace of 10'31"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
dammnn hell no couldn't even do that.
I'm no help on this one -- I used my mom.
I'm looking for a navel ring and/or swimsuit vendor/sales rep.
Lennon's Working Class Hero followed by Jackson Five's ABC... I in love with 500 greatest song list!! (dancing & spinning)
Sr. Java developer
Am I ignorant to think that I can eat fish everyday without worrying about the ramifications of mercury... Thoughts?
Hey Braden Holtby - welcome to NY
Amazing how much better my morning is when I start with just 20min. of yoga :-)
I think your so dramatic & fake!
RT : Woohoo - Central Piedmont CC gets a shout out. We've invested in amazing #Millennial innovations there via
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!
#2011icf #PeterBarr "As coaches, start with identity first: potential, passion and purpose"
Hold on the platform 5 mins, go 100 yards, stop for 15 mins and counting w/ no explanation. Another great #wmata morning!
Some Say The Mob Started Vegas | Land Air Sea Patrol
When the Lord is on your side you have nothing to worry about real talk
Said I had the sexiest love face.
refuse to get my wife a competing truck and take my Mom and family to the #SFGiants opening game after delicious sliders!
RT : RT : Blood Clinic at Steveston Community Centre this weekend. Beautiful weekend to come out and donate!!!
No, it isn't. But the point is that attack ads should put other side on defense, not on offense. Bad strategy by Obama.
#Winning! The sweet is never as sweet without the sour. #Vindication!!
i thought i would never be heartbroken again O___o
friends don't let friends use metric kerning
Who's hanging with the cool kids at the card wrapping party TONIGHT at Dava Beads?
Nonprofits MUST do politics. Will be taken more seriously. It is hard ball and need to play hard by rules. Amer Cancer created 501c4
If you haven't, then watch the South Park episode from two weeks ago.
We need "Conspicuous Creativity" and an "Artists Spring" the way we've witnessed an Arab Spring. #CTSummit (Live now in our lab!)
Got to love the
I wanna go swimming! It feels so good outside ☀😊
yeah... But anyway. I got it for June 1st at 11. Time to practice my parallel parking :)
are vasectomies covered on health care bill?
lol who u trying to impress lol those lil boys at school got nothing on u lol
I need to work with Cyhi and Stalley ASAP. They're right in my lane.
sure thing!(:
I was all teary until Sue said "If you don't have a change of clothes I have a tent you can wear."
didn't do any of my homework. &&
Who's the real whore here? The supposed Harvard MBA or the idiot from Wasilla ?
I actually know where that is!
That email is fine! Thanks -
Knocked out 2 videos today
Horrible way to start the day : Getting woken up by your credit card company calling you about how to avoid more late fees
Tip O'Neill always said, Ask for their vote. So I guess that's the best reason I've heard all night to cheer.
Yeah, that'd work better probably.
CRAZY long day but I'm getting the motorcycles out now. Text me if you want to go with.
god mod :)
good fantasy landing spot in IND, early sleeper “: With 5th round pick, #170, the get Mississippi State RB Vick Ballard.”
Top Mobile Apps For Your Next Road Trip - car radios
Life demands one no doubt. Always something bitter-sweet going on
This years color Tangerine Tango.. Orange for Energetic Mood, Creamy orange is ideal for kitchen, a home office, or a sun porch. adds warmth
When you sing happy birthday, think of me!!!
Fun!! I'm sure you'll have a great time in #Vegas!!
my dog nonstop snoring makes it so hard to fall asleep 😞
Check ur email folks RT : If you went to #ala11 you have free access to the Virtual Conference - I just received my email....
miss you too mamas !
Nice sunset! To be fair, though, we do get more actual sun.
:( my son lashes out too. Hasn't hit me in long time did throw pillows at me last week. We try to self regulate, is hard!
Now I feel like I'm at Woodstock. Hendrix on the speakers, loads of people, and the slight perfume of cannabis in the air
anything available there now?
Three Year Goals - Plan and forecast annual workforce needs and execute targeted action plans.
RT : The bottom line- every employer wants ONE thing from you... VALUE.
I really found the architecture info fascinating. Thanks for sharing, and for creating it in the first place.
Gotta hand it to my fellow Deering Alum Ryan Flaherty, making his first start in LF ever. Great catch!
Oh wow,sorry to hear that...well..@ least ur alive? ;)
Drug Dealin' Just To Get By...
Chris Newman Undead acoustic @ Cosmos Lounge in Sellwood (across from the little movie theatre). FREE and Fabulous!
Maybe the swap involves a vehicle, maybe it does not
no she sang #UndoIt which is still awesome
Excited to welcome you guys to Portland! Even more excited to see my first game in person since graduating in 2004!!
what the FUCK is CJ Watson thinking there
What ever happend to you in the past can only make you better at life if you let it :)
Blocking you on facebook was deffiantly the best choice I ever made
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours, and you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
I love knowing someone gets what they deserve
I just saw an ad-tweet for Safeway. I guess Hardees, Eckerds, and other OKC zombie businesses will be next.
i'm so cute generally speaking?? i missed something, but appreciate the compliment! :)
Instead of giving Frazier a challenge flag, they should have just given him a towel so he could throw it in!
sounds like you deserve it! Have fun.
Staying Austin This Thanksgiving
So sorry to hear you're not finding everything. We'll keep trying harder! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Bonus day!😍love my job and company!
Sunny days <3
Pretty stoked for the utility fog in 2039
Why does everyone drive like jerks (could have used other words there) on Fri afternoon? Is that few extra min worth it?
Beebe won't stop calling, and he insists on calling me "Dr. Bro-ren," which I find juvenile.
RT Mitt Romney: 'I don't know what I said, but whatever it was I said I stand by whatever I said' #2012Campaign Thats Stupit
Sometimes I want to give it all up and become a beautiful billionaire.
EathQuake Felt in Amherst Mass. Too!
When im gone just look up, cuz the top of the world is where ill be found
Check out www.watchnhllive.com tonight all the links will be on the site to watch live hockey games online just register and gain access !!!
We will be donating a percentage of our entire March sales to the Japanese Tsunami/Earthquake victims. Come in and help us support them!
nice to meet you Aimee! Great minds think alike.
yeah you and your best friend ya know he likes the two for one deal better LMFAO!!!!
I'm sorry /: its just, I thought you died :o
That was an 8 years well spent. Thank you for always keeping us entertained :)
The word feedback is the shortest english word that uses the letters a b c d e and f
Man! I want Toby and Spencer back together!
yes, i mean moca. sure, ted talks sound cool. are they in long beach?
I like to understand all the possible options
yah-yuh, 1 more day of w0rk to get thru..& then its the weekend!!! (gonna have a good Mothers day)!
I'm not even sure I get it but they sent me an invite so I'll kick the tires.
Springstead&#39;s Harris has title hopes
I'm going to create a new block print to submit.
I watch it! It was so funny! Haha
but i only live once!!
they can suck his giant green oh wait he sucked his own Giant green cause no one cared! Marvel Rules! Said like O'Doyle rules.
Thanks for putting us on the list! It's an honor
Save it, Sevza! You're probably rooting for Syracuse right now you peppermint-patty-sneakin' scoundrel!
Waiting 14 minutes for the red line during rush hour. That's...sensible.
Two games at 5 and 730 tonight. Come out before your Friday night festivities and have a brew and watch our last home series!
omg dese twins on bad girls club annoyin as fuk i wud beat both they ass at the same time dumb hoes man...
Yes we could, you still will be in the front of the line so during the show you'll be right behind the VIP people. :) and if....
on 5-14-12 i will also send you the youtube link for his music video "it's on me"
I wanna hear him sing, I know u can dance.
Also wishing Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia were closer, although grateful for over-the-north-pole flights to Europe. :-) Awesome.
Rockin the Placido Domingo today. Great to talk with last night, chillin with at ...the aqua... tonight.
Its like a damn circle thngs become great then terrible then do dumb shit then back 2 square 1 smh
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day. ~ Robert Frost
Showing bar graph of the panelist followers/tweets...the more you tweet the more followers you have
im good. How are yo? Whats new
I really hate It makes absolutely no sense. The least they could do was TRY and relate it to the team. Lazy bastards.
In the past 2 weeks I think I drank 7 Monsters, lmfaoooo
Who do you think you are? Running 'round leaving scarss, collecting your jar of hearts... <3
Oh, lovely, I can't stop crying now.
so close to 2,000 fans!! Help us get over the hump
Yes, if we can do it later. I have a meeting in SM at 6:00. Or we could do Thursday. And YES to photoshoot!
hey Justine can you follow me
"You dont have to choose between commercial and impact"
Thanks! W.B. was greatly appreciated. As a recent college grad and young professional, it helped put it all in perspective.
hey its ryan tony said ur name is megan rt
Pics or it didn't happen
Peter Bourjos is exactly what the #Nationals need right now. Big jump in fantasy value also if he is traded to the Nats.
And saved by Matty! Jennah can come too, it'll be a three way date! Oh wait. That doesn't sound right...
- Good Morning Love (:
So tired, just got back a bit ago from Winchester VA, but had a great time playing at ! Thanks for having me:)
RATED NEXT GENERATION<3 #BestCrew follow me??(:
Yeah I will show up at your party and throw on a random jacket I'm from #AnnArbor biiiiiiiatch
Love how people use facebook invite responses to brag. "sry cnt make it tnight. Headed to NYC for blahblahblah." Um, thanks for sharing.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
I TOOK THAT DAMN NAP SO YEA A BROTHA IS UP.
: wanna see vampire diares that last episode was hot - I wonder when it's coming back !!
95-93 LA up with 17.1 seconds left in the game. Jam Ball.
Student success is everyone's job - not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready" students
I need to cover more events!
Rodney Stuckey autograph!!! Two of them on two hats!!
Hey! Add me on skype :) Rodzvieira
we google answers to trivia questions and kids get that and school is useless to them so they don't care.
At the risk of once again throwing out a question & getting no replies. What are your favorite time management or people management books?
Big and toasty
Three things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than won't lie, & love that wont die.
i dont like making people cry but u will see later that what u said before was a mistake
does it matter? Smoak, now that he's getting on track.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to go to Fredericksburg and Kerrville! Fall is just around the corner and it's going to be great! :)
God couldn't be everywhere so he made mothers
I have been Californiaized: immediate reaction to deep thunder is "was that an earthquake?"
we just came up with 2 new challenges for RhymeCal 9..."Scenario" & "Wordbank" The wheel of skillz just clubbed versatile over the head
Told a coworker about someone else "He doesn't have his focus." What I meant to say was he didn't have his FORD focus.
Today has been a pretty productive day. Lets roll
because im soo damn lonly all the time
Just met and introduced Michael Chabon at speaker series. Great talk. He also has great eyeglass frames. I notice these things.
where did time go? kids out for Halloween without Mum & Dad :( Ah well...what a nice night to have crab cakes & vino at Gibsons.
well if you want to be patted down by a lady, go for it katie haha
Congrats to cast/crew for a super successful run of #ATRAIN!
Fountain's Pen reached 9,000 hits today! Thanks, loyal readers!
No coincidence that Amazon sales rank is down the day my book is available for Kindle. Someone is telling me to let go ;)
yea I know. I always thought a lineman would squeeze it too hard and it bust into pieces on TV
Tel Aviv baby
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Loved it today on 'First Take'; clever, clean, nicely-tailored play on the Brooks Brothers madras jackets. Joys of spring!
Dear Obama and Boehner. Be quiet. You already waste our money, do not waste our time as well. Thank you.
You say I'm the one that got away, I keep thinking ' Thank God!'
do wut u gotta do
Friday came really fast. Just like my boyfriend.
Sleepless nights<<
Like I said, I'm not watching, I'm just a curious on-looker from your TL
Schwertsik sounding good (Toronto) new program for Koblenz (May) and another for Cordoba (July) Don't mean thing if it ain;t got that swing
sometimes people need to grow up
night britt ! ;D
I did the 'let it snow' thing on Google; Maybe I'm dense, but what is the big excitement?
Agreed! : Saxophone notes floating up ramps of the museum - this is gonna be a great weekend.
Bierbrauers ! RT : another sweep for the Beer Makers and the 'Stache of
.+~~+- THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks Nicole! Congrats on your interview with Linklater!
Any ppl going to be up in Boston this wknd? We'd love to invite you to our performance of Handel's Jephtha. DM us for tickets.
I love the way u promote the team everyday all day thanks for the
Stand Up Comedy is the best medicine... with... George Carlin Patton Oswalt Zach Galifianakis Paul Mooney
#PDX's Ad Fed review of #SuperBowl commercials was great food for thought. 's #Chrysler spot is our vote for #1. Epic message.
Woody was great in Game Change
Passed my emissions test. How should I celebrate?
: She and her BFF have a huge Post-It flip chart on the bedroom wall and are making plans for the "Lemonade Pals" stand.
Loud music in the summer time >>>
Thinking abt Blue Note this time... Thoughts?
Ashley I am so psyched! I just grabbed a coupon to my fave store for 90 effin percent off.
It's amazing how some people act like savages on Black Friday just to be able to get the sale items they want from the store. Con't.
Brooke Elliott deserves an Emmy
hey bethenny do you think you could post some kid friendly recipes for pre-teens and teens?
Follow . BomB Music !!!
wow lol well u would b madd obssessed if u had a pic wit a cheeta shirt as ur icon wit the backround or if u just had a pic
Give someone a smile today, you will make their day:)
There's no shame in failing, there's only shame in using Windows.
we can't be friends ._.
Daisy who?
Trina Turk is having a sample sale this weekent at their West 3rd Street.
Hello all! Wishing all of the mothers a HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Best weekend ever!!!! Pics will be up soon!
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Houston would like to pay homage!!
Holy SHIT! Omg I was bawling and now I'm baffled.
Catching a screening of #Sironia featuring #TonyHale - he plays the band teacher in !
You can easily put individual blog posts into as one way to document learning in an
Happy valentines thinkin of making a video about valentines
Yes Wendy hope you dance your tail off tonight because I am voting for you so you better do better than last week
we love Vegas! Follow us on facebook and keep up to date with our conventions. Sometimes we make it that way :)
It kinda freaks me out whenever someone loudly mentions Jesus in public.
Beets By Dre! Yeeeeeaaa : "I love when my man pee be red".. lol,, i hit the floor!
lol yeah that does it some times let me guess it's at geek squad getting fixed
Lol at that message, guess its the thought that counts
yes it's almost my birthday who
to see my parents
Game. Set. Match. Four. More. Years.
'I'm tanned.' 'So? what do you expect ? you're in Asia not somewhere in England. ' 'it's summer for the whole year , bitch .'
In wrestling and especially in MMA if you do not have the skills you don't make it and fade into the abyss no matter how "hot" you are
You helped us use discover the #1k1hr hashtag. Great tag and excellent idea!
Do u love me do u wanna be my friend and if u do well then dont be afraid to take me by the hand if u want to
The Flawless Fashions clothing store in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area. Exact address on the flyer.
Congratulations, that is great news and we can't wait to see you!
Ah, WORLD CUP.
so sorry to hear that. Maybe you should rest first! :]
So, tomorrow will be a day of fasting and praying after all of this adventure.
I just wanna finish this year off strong.
I hate those that do not cash my checks in a timely manner
I Literally LOVE I Highlt Recommend You To Follow Them! Even Get There Tweets Sent To Your Phone! :-)
I feel like I tweet about it all the time but is that good. Obsessed.
hahaha to see them! They're touring next year
OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! I cant believe Austin is coming back to NY<3
Nothing changes if nothing changes !
One more out we got this
If at first you don't succeed, come on over to my house
no problems Nicholas. :)
Don't give up on what's working...
: Per league source, with Mo Claiborne in the fold the Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins. >>watch out...
Cheers to that!
& a cupcake top with no icing. LOL waab
Sitting here fucking bored
Listening to my 9 yr olds glorious voice...
the second 1 mattered. That's why the #hoohoohoosiers are at home wawawatching.
You got it!
i wanna thank all my chicas for helping me be where i am today i love having you guys in my life<3 your support is amazing <3
Final score: Middleton 11, Madison East 4 in Big Eight Conference baseball.
I just saw a 7 seat bicycle from dutch bikes next to staples and mercantile!! I gotta get a ride on that!
., , , - we hope you ladies are enjoying Moscow Mules right now!
perfect is not when two people are together, it’s when you’re both opposite but in that way you complete each other.
Someone just got kicked off my #Metra train at #IndianHill. Never had a train put in reverse before.
Halo Getting a Live Action Webseries
1st Amendment only prevents the government from restricting ur speech, not private persons, companies etc.
lol. Nope not lying, it was tough for a while now its better
- Thanks I plan to be there! #ladytweeps!
I hate pretenders when did yawl become fighters lol wow
not a thing
don't like the final game sd at home - one of the best matchups of the year has a decent chance to be meaningless
Settling for less should NEVER be an option.
Tweeting about people because they don't have a twitter >
affirmation: a powerful gift, pass it along. . .
# Long Island I think I have a great sense of humor. McCain...not funny. If he actually made a "joke" I would have laughed
Tomorrow Even i'll be @ Danelectros Guitar Bar for Open Mic Blues Jam @ 8pm
I doubt it!! Me, and all the #CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
love love love
Ghazali has some very interesting views, different from Aristotle
"In cheerleading we throw people in the air, and fat people don't go as high."
Well, this was just a sad week in football for Louisiana #WHODAT =(. Time to cheer for the Broncos and the Giants!
Someday you'll learn it doesn't last forever.. & that's the way it's gonna be always..
probably, but if it makes you feel better, I am the only librarian who doesn't visit other libraries while on vacation.
Going no where far , we've reached the climax.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe … :') I'm living my freshman year!! :') and it's going really nice!!
Now, go find you zenter, but don't drink your urine.
doing well! Are you doing anything to celebrate today?
truer words may have never been spoken! - at least not often!
cool..... your just full of surprises :)
hello my friend.. my post just now is no stranger to you
spotted: ed giving a presentation in the tech area of the biblio-tech
Hey #pdx!! It is time for happy hour! Come sit out outside with us and enjoy a cold beer & 4 dollar burger w/fries!!
Indeed! No toughness or DESIRE. Elimination game and Knicks dont show up
"The note was sent to me/ castles made of sand/ fall in the sea eventually "
lol shut up
thank u for the follow back.
RT : "I don't care much for apologies." #housemd Admissions comes before apologies, which makes a huge difference in accepting...
now or later, don't matter
so when can I jam in my car to some before you exit? (CD soon?)
Up and moving this Monday morning! Ready for what today brings!! Time to make that money money money!!!
omg!)': im soo sorry mason im here for you<3
Did we impress you?!?!
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Lowndes & Montgomery Counties until 10:30 AM
It is 10am March 12 and I am still waiting in the queue for Kraftwerk...
Your icon is cute😉
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
everything is expensive here...we're the most corrupt state in the nation, it's sickening.
miss u sissy ... I heard u got another little munchkin on the way
we just like to sit at home..and rip on the president
I love you but I'm glad you were outnumbered tonight. It was Deandre's time to go!
Never give up on your dreams even when challenges seem impossible to do, always have faith in what you believe in.
well it could be, but I wasn't talking about that..."hook ups" are in ever field of endeavor..
Deleteing all the music that is not having the influence on me that i want it too. gettin all these non lyrical rappers out my catalog
I will never be the same, love has called my name. Your love is UNDEFEATED! Thank you Jesus!!!!
Q: When was Ariana Grande born?♡
Woke up in the morning. 10 o clock drinkin
Also, didn't they just cut $3-4 Billion in high speed rail spending? :(
at least you didn't pay for it haha
Dear world, fun fact: speed limit on Gary is 45. Why everyone always does 40 south of Meijer is beyond me as well as unacceptable. Stop it.
Or, "How many ounces are in a cup?".
Hey Store Owners ~ Would you like to offer UNDAWAREness Panties to your customers? Contact us about become an Authorized Dealer. Thanks!
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways. - Buddha
You're so welcome.Hv a great wknd. RT : Hi Linda, glad you liked the quote. Thanks for the RT!
Yikes! Has she looked in the mirror recently? Not jealous of that! ~T
My Dad makes the best veggie burgers!
God bless you too my friend. (:
Lmao......They need to take Lineology....
Going to "El Sitio" tonight.
Haha! Myspace Was that place when it first jumped off. Remember Top Friends? haha
The worlds on heroin! That song sums up this entire day...
This class bores me -__-
well I heard DJ Baby Yu #V103 is spinning Saturday @ #Reignnightclub it's gonna be a sick night !!!!
I tell the truth and shame the devil. Hahaha.. But one of these days ima unleash the dragon on you if we dance, JUST WATCH!
hey feed me your food?
High, drunk, and I don't even know . Ah, fuck me .
It doesn't matter how old I get. When it comes to boys, I still have to remind myself not to jump too far ahead. Eggs n Baskets n all that.
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married. so....
Well, thank goodness has been tweeting our event; dead cell phone batter has prevented me so far. Commencing RTs
Three things that annoy me: sorry I'm not sorry, sucks to suck, and YOLO
Hi. How's it going? Any cool projects?
My prayers goes out to Whitney's family.
RT Followin back : Now following The lovely
I'm high ass fuck & drunk wassup
I know for a legit concert. Jsbsbs
. Help us return Virginia's Senate to a Republican majority. We can do it with your vote this
The Wells Fargo wagon is a-coming at New York City's small businesses - Crain's New York Business
What do you want to learn when it comes to computers?
I lost my dad 5 years ago 2day after my game on Sr night. Let's not forget 2 express our feelings 2 the ppl we love. I love/miss you Pop.
It takes a REAL MAN to understand that his woman is also a priority when the relationship is serious. She is not "Just anyone" anymore
hahahaha new favorite saying. So true though.
LMAO brother. Just got back from Vegas so hit me up this wknd when you can talk
New #Google+ Study Reveals Minimal Social Activity, Weak User Engagement:...
that was bullshit
Oh I'm doing alright. Just kicked off the start of my first album. I just thought to hit you up. U got any #beats4sell ?
I am home now...whats up?
You Make Me Smile ! (:
6 days, 6 cities, 4 countries. Starting to suspect we are being filmed for Bourne Identity 4.
Thx for the shout out! “: highly recommend the new Pacific UV, and the new Don Chambers”
Pick up sticks marimba is my favorite band in Boulder
Spoke 2 source & #Ravens found out about #Suggs injury on Monday. After drafting Upshaw. Did not happen playing hoops, btw.
I rarely cry...why should I start now?.
I am, not as active as I used to be, but yes. Too busy playing with all of these new sites I am always posting.
school ruins everything! -_-
whats good bro.
Just letting people know, I gave up twitter for Lent, so I will be gone for a while. See ya. Bye:) I love you.<3
One of the most important things you can do now is remind your friends/family to vote on Tuesday. Calling or face to face most effective.
I really thought that once you graduate one has better things to do then read the BSA list and reply
Okay people, no #revenge spoilers, I have to go to the gym tonight so I'm going to miss it. Seriously. That means esp
If work keeps interrupting my Spotify, how am I ever going to get through Gram Parsons' Complete Reprise Sessions?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌸
but he has yET to call me...
I'm going to be live tweeting the epic failing of my finals.
Congrats to REGANNE SHEELY on booking CRIMINAL MINDS - her first ever TV audition...
Happy Earth Day!
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Mahatma Gandhi
When we fight <<<<
“: Sukie Need To Be Cooking For Me! I Recommend It.” I better get a turkey and cheese or something lmaooo
Thanks lady! xo
Closet Shelving Units » Coupons
Thank God my link started working again!!!!
why can't we all just get along!!!! Sabbath!!!!
Either that, or I've officially retired.
Today I have officially been living in New York an entire year. What a crazy, capricious, and significant ride it has been :)
I'm gonna use my belt to tie me to a pipe in the middle of an old barn.
Barrett campaign says jobs announcement isn’t about calculating job growth, "its about Walker pulling political stunts to save his job"
#cara student Michael M. secured a position at University of Chicago Medicine as a Patient Transport Specialist! 76 of 310!!!
done x
YES! RT : then YOTTO it is big fella. 2 years is just the beginning. DOTO. Decade of taking over??
lucky! Ah i'm jelous loll
I told you it was an unattractive chicken!
M.O.E...And Thats Real Shit!!!
hey Alyssa! Love to come to the party...we live less than a mile from downtown indy, but don't have the fundage
Boring. How many days until Spring Training?
Can't wait!
I'd rather see Joe Dante's Mother's Day, with Dick MIller
And guess what to bitch doin?
I'm home from college and I'm still just eating ramen.
. I haven't seen so many angry tweeters in a long, long time.
See? Twitterstalking genius. Last night was "fun": thanks for letting me crash the party, have a good time 2nite!
Tie-clad consultant in AM, snowpants-sledding superdad in PM, with first rate coffee and cocoa as bookends. A pretty darn good day.
richpublicans always want public $; fix firestations! No new library, or city hall!!" Public safety! Impeach
yes and she is crazy over Ace.,
Ran into the legendary actor/ blues musician singer Jim Byrnes in the hotel tonight in Vancouver. Worked w/ him in 1994. Love Vancouver!
The Lithuanian team is coming back. More good weed. :)
did you ask if they baroque it?
Love makes You do the things You never thought You would do.
hahaha!! Oh that's right...I'm pretty sure they bought it after I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry came out
If I'm stressing, I'm not doing it right.
If you're not here at the Riv playing poker, how can you win some of our BBJP moniez ?
Forgive but never forget
We will have popcorn and twizzlers. Not wearing shoes to game. Saz's afterwards! IsItFridayYet?
Just found out we got tickets to the Obama inauguration. My boy is singing and we are thrilled!
If my brain could turn off for 2 minutes it would be lovely
What an energetic meeting today! Looking forward to making 2012 the best year yet!
and het he os doing advertisements for him!!!
Eminem feat Rihanna-I love the way you lie...
clay, beatlab on ponce and normans on clairmont. what's your issue?
thats my new motto!
Anyone know where they give away old used books in chicago?
Well if you realize that everyone saw it, you should realize everyone will tweet about it.
Fxckin on the rooftop,and if you not down we can just make out.
The Parking Lot Movie -playing at VINEGAR HILL THEATER DECEMBER 17-21st. Charlottesville, VA
Get ready for the to be tomorrow for the first #truckeroo of the summer!
Thanks for the tweet James!
#anactorslife kissing @$$ and making names.
Yes!, I'm a warrior poet, and I will win my freedom no matter what the cost!!!
CaseCrown Map Slim case with Front Pocket for Acer 15.6-Inch ...
Guys- if u know VB, u know I know what's goin on. Promoters & bus. owners need 2 get w/ my boy & Just went Nat'l
I'm dead serious.
Can I slytherin your Chamber of Secrets? Harry Potter pickup lines:)
Mitch you and Paulie hated on him from the start. Sorry but you missed the boat on this one. He's the real deal.
I was jusss gonna see if you wanted to stay tonight! (:
Black Beans and Rice with Chicken and Apple Salsa Recipe from Bon Appétit
359 people voted early today before the 12P deadline. If you weren't able to come DT, poll opens from 6A to 6P Tuesday
I didn't know he had friends...
Whenever someone says "Guess who I just ran into...", I like to picture them literally running into people.
well played, you two.
Sucker for punishment??
trying to forget someone that you once loved....... <
It's going to become very apparent to people which pages are worth followign and which are not.
Today would be the perfect day to take a nap but I don't have time.
Welcome to San Francisco, Nikita! How was the first day of #CFOSF?
1 year and 9 months with him
yea I was lol and I k.ow I was to lazy to open it so I turned around and went and pressed the button
Guys, kayden made a fake account to annoy me. It's NOT me.:(
Oh thank goodness! Saints
I hate writers block -_-
too bad
oh my, oh my, my family of raging maniacs ♥ welcome to the family Vanesser
YUP, and if they go back to dudes after its like, Ehhhh....so what
Seen on a bumper sticker: "What if the hokey pokey IS what it's all about?"
what type of discussion on archiving email?
how is that ignorant? are you sure youre not like 6 yrs old?
Ray forr three
do you want my opinion also?
And our new friend says she digs sex, too. We are an army, ladies!
#iwasthinkin why never notices me. :/
Jack Daniels. Lots of Jack Daniels.
Mememe! I do I do!!
#backinelementaryschool i would worry about who stole my crayon, not who stole my man
“: Its retarded, not retarted. Don't say someone is 'retarted,' because that makes you a 'retart.'” Lmao!!
how you haven't been on a date don't you got a girl ?
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
it sucks I have to give up my room for 2 weeks but she's worth it<3
I don't have children, but have been a nanny for several yrs--$15 is WAY too low for tutoring. Given that you're..
Hey girl how are you?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Neat account! Thanks for sharing your pics!
#oomfs tweets right now 😊>>
yeah thats right... But what happen to oddii being like Ms.sanchez thats hes hers forever and it leaves in a flash for a
The internets are very, very bad at Casino Hotels. It's like they don't want you to stay in the room all day and not gamble.
should have put a jacket on , o i forgot your a blonde lol
hey Matt
When you can't stop thinking about this past weekend >>>
It's on like Donkey Kong haha
completely overrated...that's just sad
Hey if Kevin Green wants to spend that much real $ in order to be top in wealth
Hope your well. I golf too...in Reno and here in Palm Desert. We're fortunate.
Dear RDA enablers: There isn't a "better", "right" or "proper" way to do #redevelopment agencies. RDAs are inherently & fundamentally scams.
: Great interview - I just love these features!
Thanks sister! Now I just need a job! :)
i never heard of him until dwts, shame on me! :)
Then Mary said, “Here am I, the servant of the Lord; let it be with me according to your word.”
These gluten-/dairy-free pancakes from TJ's are really gross...they remind me of mochi.
ive been seeing this offense for years. Sad..
Follow my new page now
Was telling a story about My fav 15yo in world says "is that the young guy with the cheek bones?" yes, yes it is.
Hollins University. My major is Communication Studies.
how are your teeth?
CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER #HOLYFUCK !
I forgot just how much I hate tan pants
Doc lets get ready for his coming in 10 min! LOL! Glad people know about the rapture period
Oh Mozart Piano Quartet in g minor...! #mozart #beethoven liked it too!
sure thing Bob
And he's one of the best bosses I've ever had. But bravado needs to be backed up with the ability to get stuff done.
two of the best school newspapers. amazing film department. comm arts major was the 'elfish' liaison for the LOTR movies :-)
Thanks to all those who attended the event tonight. Special thanks to for hosting and for sponsoring the event!
we got shows poplin up everywhere. we'll def let you know when and where we get booked! would love to see you there!
when doesnt answer my texts<<<<<
How about we fire the NCAA clowns & give that cash to students. I don't care what they get...the Washington Huskies need a 100 yd rusher.
Are all electronic cigarettes the same? Simply put- No! Can a disposable electronic cigarette compare to a rechargeable one? It's not likely
For sure. "Wait that book about special education from 40 years ago is totally still relevant!" Not so much.
Good night - RT : If you pray bold prayers, God will do bold things in your life.
June 30th baby doll. Don't miss it!
Stickin to the code & this marijuana weed smoke.. #G'dUp
Axl Rose's opinions/decisions, it is still f'kn badass to see GnR inducted \m/
Anyone prank their friends yet??
To many as is & BROKE A%$ N1$$ WASTING FUNDS
<- I only believe in you, Robert Blue. ;)
I'm already feeling homicidal. I may have to be physically restrained come August if it stays this hot all summer.
A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it. #quote”
Last week of the regular season! Two games until Tournament! Go Lobos!
im emotional af right now its just one of them days that a girl goes thru
BTW, I just noticed that you're follower 100. Imagine balloons raining down, red lights and sirens going wherever you are.
LOLOLOL so many people annoy me, omg. But then I love so many people
English and religion final today. Wish us luck!
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Good game last night! Let's hope the #Colts pull off an upset this Sunday...
AT&T is down in WestLA!!! Anyone know of something happening?
How much do I love ? This much. The most amazing woman i have ever known.
pissed that you went to a Rusko concert!! I think we're even now lol
so great seeing you tonight at 's show! (: wasn't she great?!
i heart you!
love the new profile pic Tiff! Keep at it.
im not allowed my dad said u can give yr number to yr frnds but yr on website....i want to give u :( but my dad :$
yep...4th year for Jaxsons Jog. Your bday is coming up too! Any big plans?
Its Stupid Hot In Cali Right Now smh
The Blessing of Adversity, hang in there don’t give up Jesus is Lord Kenny Russell
Just added tables to our bar area, now there's plenty of room. Come by for a drink! Sun-FRI 5:00-6:30
was longer, and more general than web literacy--e.g. understanding how to read code even if you can't write it
You promised me you would never change.
For as long as I can remember, around this time of year, I say, "Jesus H. Christ. The Flower Show."
Thanks Gabe, you too....hope to see you playing again soon :)
Ahh. Like the memories of our bottomless cheese & sausage tour on Old World 3rd Street? ;)
Tasty ugly MODS should be hard to find! (Shoulda said SHOULDN'T) Sigh ...
Quick transition goal following a stall was too easy; the walked it down the field for a break. 18-14 PHI
yeah but I need help now
Hello sunshine!
JC big man probably was the way to go with the final signing of this class. And you now need no more evidence to know Peters is never coming
: KG's wheels appear to be/feel better now than at any point the past 3-years. Impressive.
Mi-Tyme is proud to announce that we are under management by TurnStyle EntEvents !
First, dig a 20' moat. Then fill it with 20' fences. That'll show them! Plus it'll create jobs.
My minister, "let us pray for those who are sick of our church family"
me too shes had from day 1!!
No sleep
Blue Spoon in Sauk is amazing!
Kinda excited about it!
You HAVE to be effing kidding me! What did we do to make the basketball gods HATE us? Just when we're looking good!
One of my friends, when she's bored she jumps on her bed and then she falls off her bed on purpose and she breaks her ass.
"It's nice to be the best, but not when being the best brings out the worst in you."
RT : Looking forward to a literal happy hour today with
justins sounds SO sexy when he cusses.
: there are 7 chapters in the story of HP stay tuned to answer your questions
So, who wants to come over :)
hey everyone... I'm performing in Unscripted New York this May in midtown!!! Whoo-Hoo!!! Follow for more info!!!
looks like else.
My hair is layed like Carlos Boozer
RT : Bravo to for great use of patient engagement tools in reducing readmissions.
where at? Lol
can somebody clear up Kodak pensions for the working employee,every day its something different.
Thank you SO much for the opportunity Frederique! BIG HUGS ;p RT : Hi Michele, Thank you for sharing your...
Woah that is so true
team follow back whats up. Follow me.
LOL! I can't spell the word Thursday today. I deleted and revised my last tweet 3 times. Thusday, Thrusday, & then I finally got it right!
A suggestion for -- a schedule on webpage of all international exhibition games this summer, add new ones as they come up.
Have all 4 scenes DLP. Yas!!! Let the Edith's favorites and Plosives process begin!!!
Thank you so much! Wish I had had a chance to chat with you! RT : great job today. Thank you.
"I had dealt with Chris G., before at another repair business so it was nice to see her smiling face again. "
Bad bitches roll in packs... unless they wanna be a bad bitch around a bunch of ducks
lol.. I can sleep when im dead! Im coming to the h this weekend
Awesome! If you're looking for anything in particular, let us know and we'll try to track it down for you!
Digitizing your personal finance life
Burning your foot with a lamp till it burns off>>>>>
Fuck That I Said Pic Posting Look At My Profile Pic Get Off Like Nuts Ewwwww Hahaha.
GM 1426 on our way to Key West for fabulous photo shoot w/Tony Armstrong, mu by Gigi Robinson hair by Angie Clinton big girls really do ROCK
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected - George Washington Bush.
may 19th better be in your calender!
My window looks straight at the back of the Twitter building. Currently 4 dudes sitting next to a dumpster huddling over an iPhone screen.
I saw that "Mobile Spa Party for 8 girls" is that why? :) RT I think I have developed a LivingSocial addiction. :S
Okay, now time to cast the Casey Anthony movie. Casey-Sarah Michelle Gellar, or Jennifer Love Hewitt
i tell ya whole paragraph on how i miss u and u say kk thanks... wat a good best friend
yes,yes we do(:
get in touch with me and I will see how I might be able to help
Shout-out's to all my new followers! RETWEET -
Bring on the Snow!!! Looking forward to an actual snow event!!! Let It Snow!!!!!
sweet sincere ones who give their all. lol especially military.
Fab Design Tip: To display a collection on the wall think of them as one shape.
been working on "a view from the east coast" all day and writing songs for a new record... pretty excited :-)
i got a small circle im not with different crews walk the same path but got on different shoes
Watching roomies play Dead Space, it's like a movie.
Angry Birds?
Are we now talking about #natgas? Hallelujah!!
21+ DC Followers want 2 party FREE FRI at Current email w/ FULL NAMES & Current as the subject
Anyone see Charlie Wilson's War?
I can honestly say I've never met a boy like him... But before i date him i have to make sure if my hearts right.
The title of my next comedy album will be "Chubbed In"
If I was 2 enter a relationship w/dude. My heart wouldn't b 100%BC85% of my heart would b somewhere else&wouldn't be fair 2 tag him along.
u say that now, haha! These shoes give plenty of protection, ppl wldn't wear'em if they didn't. They strengthen your feet naturally.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout when you see a bunch of people in a circle screaming & you run to see what's going on!
The 10 Reef Commandments coming shortly. Stand by, only one at a time. Please RT them when you see 'em.
OH MY GOD!!! I love you, thank you so much for following me! Can't wait to see you at :)
u already is
#GoodMorning Most times the fastest way to get what you want is to not rush in after it.
ugh. spent all day edit and uploading, writing and pretending I know what i'm doing.
It's lunchtime on Christmas Eve Eve. Better sta boozing / eating.
Any sign of who is getting most reps at Nickle back?
Ya! I love Miami! How was living there? Have contemplated it... I was there for
Good Night
Thanks for the mention/RT. From your admiring friends, south of the border.
Work nearby? Impromptu project meetings? We’ve got you covered. Call in a big order and we’ll deliver it.
#WhitneyTributes I love you and may the love of God comfort Bobby Christina & Mama Cissy heart.
don't you be holdin' back your love, don't you be holdin' back 😚❤
No. Riding soaked trails, fucks them up. The sooner people around here understand this, the sooner we'll have world class trails
Can't Sleep
I'm feeling god .
Make that "Ms. Cole."
but the highlight was my precision driving right ;)
tracking with :)
oh i bet!
u still have the motif?
I need a job -_- shit is rough
Stay hungry. Stay foolish
my brother said it tha best cuz i want to skate like a muthafucker rite now so bad
this is true --> rt “: Perfect day for outdoor munching at (@ Taylor Gourmet)
Im goin to bed night yo
what a good idea for such a font hoarder like me to put fonts to the cloud! Leading to my dropbox!
human body is the female egg and the
...and I ball like swoosh.
Big milestones this year, wedding anniversary included. Though, I can't believe we've been married for 10 years. It really feels like 50.
Just finished "The Long Walk." The ending was creepy.
Join at the Scottsdale Anti-Aging, Wellness and Yoga Festival this weekend
damn i know you too well...ctfu
That was really mean!
Of course he thinks it's flawed... The Cardinal can't play for a National title anymore. We are prob stuck w/an all SEC game.
it will fester.
I have love for the dudes in celebrity who spend more time being funny and less time on their six pack
I can already tell that the fact that my mom, my sister and I all have the same shoe size is going to cause some drama
Max is cute for a nickname... not so sure about Maxwell...
"just the beginning"
I fucking love whiskey
lmao hm hm tell me anything
No you don't- be aggressive (but not too aggressive)! Girls can be shy, too.
About time Penn State. I'm surprised they're even going to finish out the season.
I like to think of Maine as this hidden gem. We've got so much great stuff round here you don't know about yet!
#Syracuse was the first 2 seed ever to lose to a 15 seed-- Richmond in 1991
but so worth it!!!
a collaboration could be interesting. What software do you use? Have you ever collaborated w/someone using Indaba music's platform?
that imperative messes up my whole presentation. :)
-- Where do u hang out on Tuesday Nights?? :)
don't start something you can't finish.
well next time a scene fag says they blacked out, don't say "omg when?"
I bet. But you had a coming out party! Need ya. Great Work!
RT RT : Coming March 1, (326 N Water) new lunch options sandwiches, bistro boxes, yogurt parfaits.
haha omg wow, I thought you would be like omg mom I need new shoes! Now! Haha
If there IS a Santa Claus then You will be under my tree in the morning !!!! PLEASE SANTA BE REAL !!!!!!!!
Join the WI awesome train and #BeMilwaukee EAT pizza at Classic Slice!!!
Happy st.patricks day!
Inspiring acting class last night. Still high.
You gotta love the vet.....K-MART!!!
i love bananas, yogurt, & if I'm at the office, a Mom Made Burrito Munchie! Agree, is the best bar!
All of your RTs are really getting annoying. Please stop doing it (after this one)
Does that mean I get the day off of work for a Natl. Holiday? Lol
haha what a shame
make Boston a business trip man...
no it's ok espn. no need to talk about the #Spurs and #jazz game. We know kobe & lakers are your money makers.
How did I ever program without flatMap?
Ottawa Senators, DC United, and Chivas Regal Alliance?
FEEL BETTER AUSTIN :D You'll be ALRIGHT
you're making candles? :)
So much for that. Tebow!!!
Im about to blow bitches and bitches ass niggas stay of the T.I.P. of my dick
Id rather be judged for telling u the truth, than regret telling u a lie &see u get hurt.
woah I got that joke from a friend on FB so calm down
“: Word. --> I'm listening to "California Love" by 2Pac (Tupac) #pandora #nowplaying” That's what's up!!!
LOL. RT : I should note that because of working with , I now code better, smoke cigars better, and drink scotch better.
I wish you could block some TT's from appearing on your TL.
At my bro's game... Its weird cause Hes coaching and not playing...
#Thingshighpeopledo order the entire Taco Bell menu
Sleep where for art thou? 😳😔
nah, mostly just, "Where you folks from? Oh, I've got a cousin out thereabouts."
$$ amount of damage wasn't worth the claim. Just a little Spackle and some paint. Should do the trick.
Great website! Ever been mountain biking in Moab USA?
TY for the shout out & support!
Would Tannehill not have been there in the 2nd round?? They let Sherman play to big of a role in that pick.
Agreed. [And I like bacon] RT : True story: Sometimes I wish the Internet would just quit it with all the bacon.
Lls, Right! Where The Hoes At?
Thanks hon. I work my ass off all year to enjoy half of Dec at my Keys place. Happy holidays to u!
When the best leader�s work is done the people say, �We did it ourselves!Lao-Tsu
Ok, is now showing how to fry bacon, I think it is time to totally give up on Lifehacker!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there!
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.- Vince Lombardi
Well-behaved women never make history. - Maria Shriver
A way to get good Search Engine Result Page (SERP) placement is by using SEO on Social Media venues or (SSO) Social Search Optimization.
Thanks for clarifying. I wouldn't want to accuse Jessie of using drugs!
That's kind of amazing. So happy to share this special day.
ROLL CATS WILLOW!!!
getting ready for work...then hitting up the movies later :)
Ellerman on News Corp: More appropriate charge would be SEC books & records violation, depending on how company recorded alleged bribes
wur u from I stay in IL
Man is there a website I could go to on my phone nd watch. The bgc
could someone PLEASE sweet talk that Marshal kid from Raleigh into becoming a tar heel?
What's the most egregious quote by a politician lately about reproductive rights? please post them here?
not sure about other trips. This has been 3500 miles so far, driving. Family issues, not so much for fun this time.
call me
nah you haven't but thanks luv :) had let Bart take a break for a while lol
Let get it grizzles taking game 7
happy birthday to one of my absolute favorite people EVER! Hope you have an amazing day! Love and miss you! Wish I was there!
#stm2012 problem with impact factor is that it is not very predictive because a single article can account for 15% of total downloads
Here watching my lil Bro and his Friend play Playstation 3-- I'm bored can't wait for it to be 9 so I can watch my novela--
How about a bike helmet?“: Tornado watch in Beaufort County. I've got my peanut M&Ms. That's all you need for a tornado, right?”
Zach favorites that tweet<333
My 18-34 Female audience appreciates a man who washes his hands after shaking.
what about me I followed
movies, and out to eat
I think I would have been treated better by a creepy mustached man driving a van than via Spirit Airlines.
Pleasantly surprised to see/hear DJing the opening night party for #aam2012 What a blast!
You may now have trouble at the border - bring your Uncle Sams Club card RT : Feet are tan. Time to go home.
Hey, sorry just got home.
Watching Rory Mcilroy, Darren Clarke, and Keegan Bradley's wins this year is like watching Rocky, Rocky II, and Rocky IV
I need to talk to you ASAP!!! :/
MT: “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” -
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
We might have started singing just a little soon. -Fall Out Boy
Good morning! :)
Congrats to for beating the heat and finishing the Boston Marathon
Also there had been an elevator accident at the school. Ppl got stuck there waiting for the rescue.
More caramel corn! Plus: spiced almond brittle and cherry-chocolate cookies.
Congrats! Newsweek is big.
There is no you there is only me, there's no fucking you there's only me.
even better: a trebuchet to fling the smiling hipsters toward the skies.
This Kentucky v Iowa state game is whyd up!
I know! There are the times with I miss Metromix the most...
This nigga piss me off last night
you got some work to do. Dont let me stop ya.
#20ThingsAboutMe im strong, and happy to say that i am.
nope, I didn't have any :(
X-Man, make sure to follow and
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 21
Definitely, it was great meeting you! Looking forward to seeing you at future events too. :-)
Aw, you.
Great...so I try to get into the Valentine's Day mood by asking out someone for a date and get shot down instantaneously/:
Say what you will about me. But I promise it won't change me.
yea ill probably be up there taking darius to practice if his dad get me from school
Pick up race packets for the #VaHi Christmas 5K by tomorrow, 12/14 at our Ansley Mall location! We're open 10-7 both days.
John Travolta's First Accuser Drops Lawsuit, Hires Gloria Allred
ive never been there. I thought you meant "so you a so called Mahomie " xD
Join sales profs & experts tomorrow for a live Twitter chat on effective selling! Follow or search #SalesSuccess at 2:45pm EST on 8/17!
what ever happend to Jay La Soul?
Just finished Psyren and I admit the story felt a little rushed but I loved it. Easily fits into my top 10 favs
will face the Dakota Wizards in the first round of the playoffs! Schedule of the first round will be announced soon!
Proper planning prevents poor performance!
Go to Mike's Chili Parlor, right at the northeast foot of the Ballard Bridge
SO RUDE. sigh.
Moved on to White Water Summer - Kevin Bacon singing in a VW van = classic
these are stunning photos!
Do you have your umbrellas? T-1 Hour (give or take a few minutes) until the preview of #AUPSteadyRain!
Samsung Galaxy Tab falls into FCC hands with GSM radio frequencies, 5GHz dual-band WiFi
Life itself still continues to be an exceptionally efficient therapist.
Chart Highlights: Beyonce &#39;On Top&#39; of Dance/Club Play Songs
just got out thee shower , now gettin ready for work,- um tired still tired from last night !
Cool! It's dwightdturner
The Redskins drafted Kirk Cousins? WTF? Didn't they just sell the farm for RG3? smh
RT : Dickinson's It Might be Lonelier is in my wallet RT : Carry a poem around tmrw in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day
get to play 'The Rock Obama' on SNL this weekend!!
finally someone mentions Kobe's hairline too lol!
Ima Take This One Far.
"Ho, ho, ho, now I have a machine gun"
yes. Schedule is not out until the end of March.
Goodnight everyone.
still freezing on the loading screen. Deleted every 2k12 file I have and tried starting without internet. Any ideas?
not really. I know what you meant dumbass <3
Issue is hosting WCF AJAX on site with multiple domain names and both HTTP/HTTPS - very hard (Will be easier in .NET4.0 AFAIK).
is there some crazy on your bus preaching abt transit cuts? He/his box of handouts take up 2 seats! Sunglass hiding for me!
My tummy hurts I'm throwing up I hush hope I'm not the
We got that sweet hot loving.
"Madonna, Madonna, Madonna... P.S. world peace."
Testify. You'te the only person I know that unabashedly loves TV as much as I do & knows grief of having a unsatisying queue.
Going into the new year with a better mentality, a bigger heart, rejuvenated spirit and a wonderful attitude.
Huge shout out to the coolest company they make amazing games :)
I dont get it... The average person wants to be single but at the same time have that significant other. Is that natural human traits.
RT : Emery said earlier this week he hoped to get immediate impact players in first two rounds and role players in 3rd and 4th.
'The greatest difficulty is not to get people to accept new ideas, but to get them to abandon the old.' J.M. Keynes
CEO concerns about measures, inconsistent by project, not connected to the business goals
(cont)... weekend I've had, well in as long as I can remember.
this is what i get for not spending five bucks on a new hot glue gun. being cheap is overrated -______-
Happy Birthday to my film idol, Alfred Hitchcock! If I could name the ways The Master of Suspense has inspired me...
I hurt myself trying to get my money's worth @ the asian buffet w/ & julie. my stomach very well may burst.
Hi Christine! Happy to see you here in the twittersphere.
: did you know that had a sister? no?
Bank then tanning! :D
:/ school in the morn! Cant believe I dont get a summer break! Smh
Don't be obsessed w your weight. Good health is more important than a single digit dress size!! :)
no. It was a joke.
keep your nose out of my corner please
You Know What? Your My New Best #Simpsonizer #Angel Friend #Bsaf!
Happy sunny Friday!!!
the video isn't there anymore.
“: African-Americans & Hispanics have sex before going to bed more frequently than whites and Asians do.” You're a racist, man.
You had me at
Watch out Oil Kings...it's ON!!
That was a fail.
thanks for the reply!
The best is yet to come
yep! I did! Hope you did too!
Self Directed IRA Rollovers – Exactly what are They? Why Would ...
lmao well I'm glad he was so nice, pretty sure sydney is going to hang that up somewhere...
I just made chicken for the first time in seven-ish years. If I don't tweet anymore, it's because I couldn't tell how pink it was. :|
we're going to miss you so much Sally/:,but you go chase your dreams baby.I love you XOXOX.
RIH Mr. Robinson!!! Miss you as well.
Not saying they can't play together, just saying they haven't figured it out yet. It's been a year. How much longer will it take?
oh baby... If I took you home it'd be a homerun ⚾😍
rooting for #Buster!
The resurrection of Jesus for me is the empowerment that some people experienced in Lower Gahilee which is now available for everyone.
WAKE UP, dudes! The world is bigger than your United Fucking States!
moms not being cool with this whole school thing !
I spy a picture of my niece w/ a viking helmet on. I think would approve!
Butternut Squash Ravioli is good.
"...no one knows the day or hour when these things will happen, not even the angels in heaven or the Son himself. Only the Father knows."
Booklist subscribers, if you haven't already, stop by Booklist booth #1517 to activate Booklist online access - now included w/sub. 9-5 Sun.
Breaking down the weed , about to make a plane ! #TGOD 😚💨✌
i definately will!
Declaring a new online grad certificate at UCF: Clinical Nurse Leader!
Everyone has their bestfriend's number memorized , even when you arent friends anymore .
yes for sure we will :D and omg really? I would love to go ! Ah
i just got patted down, apparently #TSA isn't aware that wearing big shirts and leggings is in.
This time next week, I will be in Miami.
thank you for watching :)
& while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide & let cars speed thru downtown?!
even if i don't sleep, goodnight lovelies!
UK is about to see its 3rd consecutive SI cover... Davis, MKG,
yeah honestly it was fault ..
Lol that just made my day<3
"I'm filing the divorce papers tomorrow." Tom to Lynnette. "Jane wasn't the problem, it's me." Lynnette to Gaby
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake If he'd take me(;
thanks for making the song "Bow chicka wow wow". It got me laid the other night. Woman seem to go crazy over that song. Thanks.
thank u victoria lol
When Harry Met Sally
Listen to This American Life! It's worth letting your book wait.
lol! Yeah! *high five*
happy friday the 13th...may the odds be ever in your favor!
On behalf of psycho94, jinx tweets :We've got a rare item "Tin robot" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
Spend 45 minutes working out. Eat a pint of ice cream when done.
So, I have taken the padlock off my account. Let's see how long this will last.
Wow #MDNA..! The best album in recent memory. Yes, better than Gaga.
Thanks for following us Charlotte :)
you should check out when you are in Boise!
I hear the coyotes yippin' and my dog is growling over the mtn lions.
do work study i gtta decline the loans and then write them an email saying im interested and they will try to get me work study
sorry to hear that! It will get better.
the marketing campaign I'm working on it so creative and visually stunning--and it could possibly kill me.
Yeah..... Nariana for life..
Tired of being left on hold.. speaking to the wrong people.. poor customer service? The number you need is: 0844 880 2010
No more loans or handouts for nobody
RT We can say more by using fewer words - Dan Roam at #12ntc a nonprofit web/graphic design firm can help you say it!
#sprint is on it when it comes to customer service!
it should never be a decision. Always clean up after your dog.
Only 7 days left of our amazing buy one tour offer and bring your best friend for free! Offer valid on all 7-21 day USA. tours
Friday funny: all the ads running when I access my gmail spam folder are for recipes using Spam.
One thing I've learned over the years: the indie film industry doesn't care about you. Don't court them. Court your work's audience.
Can we uh.. Idk call my ques?
Hey-Hey...free re-PHILS all day tomorrow on any coffee purchase! Just save your cup and receipt.
Just recorded Episode 26 where we give a big shout out to the best film podcast on the web,
#cuse v #uconn in the early game tomorrow. They should finish before midnight
If cash or check is more your style head over to 2800 Sisson Street Thursday through Saturday 9-5 and Sunday from 9-3. We're so excited!
good morning motherfucking awesome people!
Santorum is out...watch LIVE right now on time warner channel 362
Hope they schedule the Syracuse men's game for a convenient time...want to be able to squeeze it in between packing, F1, and Rays-O's.
im saying, Ty acts like a white guy any way
1st day of last semester...countdown begins...it's
Ha! Great post and another example just how much Ultrastar rules!
Best of luck in Bangalore RT : "if you can run a business in India, you can run one anywhere." #FoundersForum”
Morgan u silly
The Auction house in Diablo 3 will allow virtual items to be purchased with real cash, one feature i detest personally
Tonight on Outreach 1310 WIBA AM- Rick Flowers From R Place will join us. Please tune in
IF YOU FOLLOW TELL ME. I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS HER RIGHT NOW... PLUS I'LL RT SOME OF YOUR TWEETS.
It's hard not to mistake sex for love because most of the time love fucks you hard.
bird I hand.
Mildly masochistic, but I want to read a handbook on #OCLC coding.
email sent
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 33
Courage faces fear and thereby masters it
time to tweet the twitition! Please help out and hashtag #GodvatototheRescue <3
#superbowl crap #JPP is down for the #GIANTS we need to make a big turnaround now! Go Big Blue!!!
Happy Birthday. Have a great day!!
seriously! Santa Clarita is super hot. Actually looking forward to sunset.
My doubt in God doesn't obscure my love for those who ARE religious. We're ALL entitled to our beliefs & we're ALL RESPONSIBLE for respect!
Follow me on instagram; Ithinkpurplex3 follow me I follow back ;)
i will be out of town sorry
“: I'll be shocked if it's not...how far was ur run”. Half marathon. Awesome experience. I'm hooked now
sure. Thanks. It's just I've been really stressed lately and I've been having bad panic attacks and idk what to do about it.
WTF, it smells like salsa on this plane.
ok lookin ass
Anyone ever experienced ear candling?
