kno what's not?
thats what im doing... nobody believes or understands me
Ugh. I never had allergies until I moved to DC. Sneeze. Sneeze. Sneeze. How am I supposed to work?
Thank you! We're trying our best!
When you put it on its an invitation, when they play a song get on up an shake it
Does your resume need an upgrade? Maybe it's time to dust it off and check out what new opportunities 2012 can offer.
No ppl can b bound 2 acknowledge & adore the Invisible Hand which conducts affairs of men more than those of the United States.-G.Washington
Ha. That was fun. I'm "a bit of a prat"
wow that got my attention! the tone, the seriousness, everything
Hot day in the Old town today!
thank you for being you stay awesome. Peace grits and harmony:)))))))supasmiles
“: #Fuck #ThatMomentWhen you see the grammar mistake a second too late!! #NO #AlreadySent” lol it happens.
Looking for single professionals in Cincy that would like to have 12 mini dates in a hour www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Just re-tweeted - she's making great series of short videos on being camera ready, which more & more of us need to be.
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." Theodore Roosevelt
Is it racist to support Black Businesses if you are Black?
Yeah, he was hittin it pretty hard.
best student question ever today--Dr. Compton why are all the freshmen terrified of you?
#Brewers #Cubs game has now reached 5 hours. That is 6 innings of a Yankees playoff game.
Time to put work in practice wens night 6pm sat let's get this W sat C
It still ain't over yet...
We're totally going to win this thing
No man needed. Your solution to opening bottles! TwistAid- an automated plastic bottle opener!
my little 5yr old sister's bday is in August. Every time i ask wht she wants she says" i want justin bieber to be at my party"
We have a meeting tomorrow night at 8:30 in Rangeview 242. Nominees for Exec Board positions will be giving speeches!
she'll be busy marrying me tho, sorry
OMG what acme do u go to lol. my acme is right down the street from me n i never have any freaks pester me lol
That came across wrong. I love the rooster, too. Maybe not enough to write a book about it, though...
I got to get back to working out and doin my thing. I need some motivation and a work out partner!!
Each day is a new day to do something different...learning to pray more and letting go of the old me as each new day comes to past..
not surprised at all We live in a let them eat cake society But those 1% ers lost their heads didn't they :-)
We will have to cancel anyhow. BO.
So I hav ta sit here n hold her square wit a clothes pin so she cn hit it...
thanks for the follow
always takes my chats even if I usually am trying to chat with someone else
Looking at tech schools for my bf on my lunch - I admit, I'm a fan of these gainful employment disclosures (assuming they're accurate)
Hermione had her 1st puppy class and did so well! She learned to "watch me", "target" and "sit"! It helps that she is treat motivated. ;)
I will look into it
haha on this account, yes! :]
do you know if they used a catheter? I really wanna know as much as I can to prevent further blockages. This is exhausting.
Also, I should really update my profile pic. Now a delightful cotton candy pink, but I'm too lazy to have my photo taken.
In Boston
is so cool :)
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed It is the only thing that ever has Margaret Mead
#SaySomethin IS MY NEW OBSESSION<333
Cain is also a fan of the penultimate track on the White Album ("number 9... number 9...")
I do use night guards!!! And they help for sure. But during the days...tylenol will have to cut it.
Packing the car up, getting ready to hit the road for Rochester. Gonna be a rowdy show tonight! Happy New Years for those who can't make it!
thanks for hanging with us tonight. Fun times!
: we are diverse but do not fully accept diversity as a society. Speaking at
that is to cute!! and ur rockn my fav color "purple"!!!
do me a favor . . . You have my # right?
haha okay I will. Do you work today?
- Groundhog Day?
All the blessings which you pray to obtain hereafter could be yours today, if you did not deny them to yourself.
Forever lives the spirit and legacy of the legendary singer and frontman of the Doors, Jim Morrison. May u rise up in heaven. RIP
Do you want Your Band Promoted, Or Event Promoted to Our Vast Network of #OTG accounts? Contact Call (267)-592-2972!
What is the highest usable ISO on the nikon d3?
me too...I don't quite get the DM unless they are auto following every one who follows them
WANT. Giant brownie in a cup...m
why do girls love Frankie he dont have talent really
folks come join us for some free icecream. is right down the street from you! truck is here!
ceaser salad is delicious.
»[ say boom bitch ]» boom
HEY RENEE!!! Miss you!
Thank you Love for the Shoutout!! Awesome paper you put out! Great articles! Keep it up & keep us posted. ;) xo
My hair looks like shit today -.-
tweets SEE they are potheads and smoke pot around I saw it myself. POT all over with children
Ill do as I deem necessary RT ": Just don't pick your nose now #carryon"
Whoever scores first is most likely gonna win this game
Hi Christine- I'm in Philly- give me a shout if I can be of any help (I'm acutally a prof here)
Beyond brutal night for the #Caps &
#cowboys it ain't over yet ROMO is one tough bad ass man! If disagree you do it... All these big talkers couldn't wear his shoes
Sure do wish R.G. could see how his advice panned out after not liking my style and crashing his retarded startup into the dirt.
Boxing great Joe Frazier dies at 67 of cancer. We just lost one of the greats! In a class shared by only a few....
Rising stock market doesn't mean economy picking up... investors need a place to put their money..bonds not good due to future inflation.
hey hows it going bb on in a lil bit
Man, there goes 1 :/ What happened?? 14 more ...
Ya know i need some new girlfriends all mines turned me down for dinner this weekend...feel so sad...lol...but I know they love me..lol
*i saw today* damn typo's
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
SHOUT OUT GOS TO YOU.. EVERYONE FOLLOW OUR FRIEND..
Sorry about the mix-up in trivia earlier. Ack! It's been a busy couple of weeks! :)
Southern France is amazing. People are so friendly, the weather is (comparatively) warm, and the markets are the best. I'm loving it here!
RT I'm terribly in love with the for having a piano open to the public. Minnesota is so neat.
Just started crying after signed my tattoo. He helped me so much and I'm not sure if he honestly knows.
you guys made me get yelled at :p
I like your face, sike
Did you find the pot o'gold Danny? :)
;C What happened to me on ur Bio?! :o
possible autobiography title? Paying to be Disappointed: The Matt Deapo Story
We're open. Come in and get something green!
Snacking is good!!
Tomorrow July 7th -> Woodfish @ Bar Anticipation (Bar A) in Lake Como. Visit www.woodfishmusic.com/shows for more details.
: I Can't Make You Love Me, but it would be nice.
I walk in the same fields
Good morning! New day, new attitude!
You must be at the beer fest eh?
lol im kinda hooked to them now lmfaoo,we should pass the poster around school taking pictures with EVERYONE XD
Haven't played Reach in a long time. Carried my team with 32 kills and 4 deaths that last round. I still got it :D
i like jb
Hope you have a merry xmas taylor
a pinky?
Dude there's peeps on this site like 4,5,6 hours a day. Lord have mercy. What you gonna do to put good on your table?
what is that and who?
hahaha I'm sure!!
Guys always get caught lying but girls don't there so much sneakier about things
When someone says they love the type of music you listen to and when you ask them their favorite artist they say the most mainstream one -_-
. a #Gingrich presidential run, Bob #Dole in the news, "lycos." It's like VH1's "I Love 1997"
#np my kinda party by Jason Aldean.
Matt Tavis kicking us off today in London with the demo of likeability app - currently talking about the NASA AWS use case
Wanted to discuss a front-end development oppty for you or someone in your network. Ping me or DM.
she definitely is. That's only two things on the really long list of why I love her. Lol
Stupid Words with Friends, "fuck" is to a word!
Most people aim at nothing and hit it with amazing accuracy
Guys a stranger on the street gave me a very explicit but very genuine compliment it was the highlight of my night
Go ray go!
Just realized that the Kentucky Derby falls on Cinco de Mayo. Margaritas or mint juleps?
Has anyone purchased anything from - I just recently stumbled upon them and kinda love their items!
Pitt bros talking shit about CMU while walking to the bus stop. At least we keep it to one bomb threat a week
thanks for correction (1 year off!). Time is flying bye. Late 90s were good old days for the greyhounds.
See you all tonight!
Thanks for the shout out!
Fire away. Please note - editing articles other people have written is not possible, but you can add them and edit your own.
Don't overthink, just hope it's right.
seriosly???i'm stay in malaysia...nice to meet u!
RT I work tomorrow.
We do our best here sir. Thank you.
at #nlcinstitute this weekend at the #c3center in woonsocket. Exciting
thank you. What is that site?
“ Man u can have all the clothes in the world and still have trouble findin something to where !”
Nate Najar ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
iced coffee>>>>
just now noticed. Thanks for the FF mention!
i have a test tomorrow wish me luck?
Everything about that trip was hard
Oh, these dumbass assumptions people come up with <<<
They asked questions about it the entire time. I liked it.
Learn how to have the best "live show" an unsigned artist can have! Join us Tuesday night @ Club Pyramid, NYC - 8pm. Info: 347 249 9441
that's my goal every conversation!
Polishing songs for the next recording. Waiting for the moment it's time to put down the pencil and eraser.
Gym at 6, FOR NOW MAPLESTORY.
I refuse to go to this soccer game.
an i wasn't gonna diss you if you weren't a BVB fan. Haha i was just asking XP
Although I don't agree w/how the RnR Hall of Fame runs most of their things & even though I don't agree w/all of...
been a good day, seen today nd was so excited! nd iwanna say congrats to she graduates today ilove my cussos
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday! This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics & integrity. They were accredited in 2009
Kinda tired. pc4pc???
thanks for RT!
Jesus is the type of guy who would look down upon you, and see the times you struggle giving you a helping hand.
If anyone has a spot to fill for Saturday, March 24th, we had a gig fall through and are looking to book. Let me know. Thanks!!!!
Love hearing that!
. make your own damn sandwich, mr former sandwich artist. :P
Who disrespects a lady like that? Bro, You do NOT know me! Don't call me A bitch! You drunk disrespectful prick.
Nonviolence is one of the most potent weapons available to oppressed people in their struggle for freedom - MLK 13 April 1960
Yes! RT : and you were on #foxnews!
Omg this morning has been a mission!!!
So, good first week? :)
Loving Alain de Botton on Wish I could see him speak tonight at KU.
Good to see Chucky Chuck back on the scene Last Night!
": You have some official question answerers condoning knocking off"I was just wondering abt this last night
bemoaning the lack of YA titles available in overdrive. does anyone else want to scrap ebooks?
shower time.(;
Just committed to babysitting. Let's hope the little one doesn't attack me this time...
showin love frum sacramento ur music inspires a-lot ov people!!! D-BOY
Somedays you just have to put on a little messed up and wish there is an 11 button
Vintage clips of Steve jobs in the 90s. Awesome. "people with passion can change the world. That's what we believe."
Breaking: Danny Califf to Chivas USA , Chivas send the Goat to New York Red Bulls, & NY sends case of Red Bull to Philadelphia Union
I need to stop eating so much junk! I am exhausted everyday
Debating what I should do about some ppl in my life smh
I got few people that want my car but the thing is I dnt know what I want next or afford Ugh!
did you see the #BlackburnChicken ?? The Anfield Cats days are numbered!
Well guess I'm turning in my paper late. Oh well. Baking cupcakes now for my sister's birthday party at the beach. O'side Harbor. Come hang!
I'm not a happy Shocker today. That was not dub state bball!
The faves right now are Good Feeling by Flo Rida, Tonight is the Night, and Stronger by Kelly Clarkson!
lol I know, thank goodness for DVR. I never watch it live
THIS-->“: weeden is gonna age even quicker with this guy upshaw rushing him...”
We look forward to hearing from you about the events as well!
back from an excellent one-on-one training in network analysis with cant wait to apply learnings to understanding info sharing!
Starting to love sports. doesn't hurt that Every NY team is killing it this year!!! Go Yankees!
Qi Gong session at 4130 Telegraph at East Bay Church in the parking lot led by Chef Toussaint with Pesto treats starting 8:30AM. Wellness
Did you know we are facing a night of solar flares and potential power outages?
Our self image, strongly held, essentially determines what we become. — Maxwell Maltz
Hi my name is Kyia and i'm addicted to ice!
i understand :) I'm not either haha
Plus, we can't really worry about doing anything internationally if our country undergoes national economic catastrophe.
Just posted new song Swagger ft. B.O.B, and Real Name Chase all written and put out today! download the song at myspace.com/lilmeta
And body builders....dont crush me ah!
I've got the brains, you've got the looks..
Havent Been Mentioned In A While . -_-
Gotta love debilitating headaches.
Obama slogan: If U have 1.3 baby mammas per baby, we need your support!
Heading to the Guitar Wolf show tonight after work. Gonna get yelled at by a bunch of 'leather jacket drunk Japanese dudes.'
Shouldn't that be: I tweet, therefore I yam?
Ryan Braun just hit a home run. Roids help you do some amazing things.
Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out... RT Take Me With You!!!!! Lol
#ROCKTHEBELLS2012 IS GONNA BE DOPE SHOUTOUTS TO NASTY FOR HIPPING EVERYBODY
The only thing on my Bucket List is to yell "GET SOME!" while shooting at an oncoming horde of some sort, just before they overtake me.
good stuff! #welcome “: Wow...So...We're FINALLY Here...Cali...Wow...#fb”
hey i am new to twitter i was wondering if i could get a shoutout or somthing? thanks so much
#Imagine Niall smiling at a photo of you. Liam:"You really love her, don't you?'' Niall:''More than anything!''
But I guess Affirmative Action helps fat people too
Cool! My dad told me about it. I wish there was more in the U.S. History category. Maybe they'll add content.
yay! It was great. Can't wait for Saturday!
Christopher Alexander: " Tunisia: Reflections on politics in the Early Second Republic"
I love that she had the most memorable dress!!
♫ music makes me very happy ♫ ✌☺
What is going on in the womens restroom on the ferry? Girls stay in there for the entire crossing....curious, very curious.
where u
OMG We r really great drawers! #drawsomething is really bringing out my inner artist! :)
All buckwheat dumplings, all the time. Is Astra actually on Twitter or is this wishful Tweeting?
It's #80sThursday at Student Services- tweet your song requests!
Oh yes, always making time for fun! I am off to Vegas this weekend :)
If you love me baby this how you let me know dont ever let me go.
. IT'S A TRAP!! no seriously, you can spend your entire life working on your .emacs.d. Or, y'know get some freakin' work done.
Don't! We'll ask them to add her ghost to the show again ;-)
Follow them! ": Guys! We're so close to hitting 1000 followers, lets see what you can do! Help us get there!”
good tired lol. Running round like crazy. How r u?
dm Our Business model was developed to generate and grow to $15 Million. Growing faster than we can manage. Want to talk?
Why cant I shut up
more AWS cost modeling; its all about the assumptions.
I am forever a Jonas Brother fan, I have been since they first started out and I still LOVE them
/Users/rubyirene/Movies/iMovie Projects.localized/My First Project.rcproject/Movies/medium.m4v
Wow, wow, wow. Emotional, and unexpected events on #Idol tonight. #thesave I can't believe it!!!
Tomorrow we'll be switching to a NEW menu. Get here today for brussel sprout hash, salmon salad, pumpkin pancakes, pancetta fritatta...
Sometimes I wonder if I should just give up the hope of meeting then I remember I am going to London in 2 years
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY. IM 16 :')
Thanks, ! About to have a **big** holiday sale. Stay tuned if you'd like to snag one on the cheap! :)
Emma Stone is funny, and this is definitely the most I've tweeted in one day.
are you doing the math right now?
Lesson 1: Scientists are assholes and journalists are assholes.
it's bad
check your email.
omg I just remember we have a history test tomorrow!
If there's Two Hearted Ale, I might pack a pint glass in my panniers for when I arrive.
Hate getting your oil changed? Let us help on your repair bills through social media.
he thought i cut my wrist becuz there was so much blood.
Considering how much I like people, generally, I sure do hate the sounds that they make.
Nice! My husband would be so jealous! Placerville/Idaho City?
stopped by the train while sitting on the bus...
I love for so many different reasons. mostly b/c they're true blue.
Yes, please do! We'll have some #Indy adventures!
I don't care how the Mets do it... Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good!
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Excited tomo is the wkend that means catch up with ! (Even though we are still over 6000 miles away from each other!) x
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. ~Ben Williams
SENIOR PROM :D #2K12 its time to party.!
RT : Our own shared 5 steps to B2B #socialmedia success: Test, Segment, Amplify, Measure, and _____?...
Just Got Off The Phone Wiff Eric..
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. Aim High SE
haha...ok i got you
Why am I always hungry!
RT : As she will always be ": mary jane was there for me today"
Uh oh... Me. RT : People, people, people: Your websites are still playing music automatically. Must I start naming names?
No, but seriously, I think that, in general, skin bleaching seems more dangrous than tanning. Both aren't permanent.
ha ha. I was also wondering if it was me or your skills that got me so much into the presentation
I Can So Yall Niggas...How To Be A Real Nigga..#LikeMe!!
Why are you still a faggot .
sorry, thank you Jodi, best wishes.
Now you got both pages hidden? C'mon speak to me. You owe your boss an explanation.
; Dude . Earlier , when i was taking a nap , this one guy texted me like 9 times !
Goodnight everyone! After I finish listening to moments I am off to bed!
choose me or cuz shes been trying since last week :-)
#amCaShouties to some #awesome twits :D ~~~~rich
Competition for Mayweather. So exciting to see.
The very thought of going outside right now makes me want to shudder. The wind is howling, everything is wet and it's too cold! Ugh!
Any developers out there who specialize in deleting spam off of a #wordpress database?
#FollowFriday Givin' it up for the awesomeness that is
if i dont get on on thurs. then im not on this earth if ya guys dnt hear frum me on thur. then tell , (c)
I absolutely despise what I see in the mirror...
Wade and Zoe?
Ok everyone needs to follow that shit is hilarious!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna try and work early on Wed so I can head over then and then switch to a late shift on Sat so I can leave sat morning.
I really miss my fam doe and my bruddas:-{
- cantt ever complain!.. Everything bless on ur side?
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote - The Atlantic Wire
AA has assets of $8.3 bil to cover $18.5 bil in pension benefits. Vote republican at your peril middle America. Romney math 101 don't add up
its okay haha, no need to be embarrassed:)
I am about to hit the gym
#Ilaughalotwhen twitter suggests I follow some really boring celebrities. Have some class twitter.
Interesting. Would it have been more successful with no preview/teaser at all?
Thanks love :)
I received my t-shirt. I'm looking forward to helping out the community.
what the CRAP. how many weeks are you?
he needs a nickname...go marlins
follow he follows back
BRICK SQUAD
yeah, bale and modric nonexistent. will not be happy as a fan.
Thanks. I keep thinking I'll read something to "escape" but I keep skimming my TBR and I'm not in the mood for anything.
guess what i ate today?? subwayy(:
yes u should! It's funny. Enjoyable.
is delicious. by far the best cupcake i have had in a while
Weird coincidences tonight...
Draw an image of "the mythical monster that crouches inside of you," send to , win a copy of her beautifully illustrated new book.
You won the "prize" on my #HanukkahHoopla post! (Thank you so much for commenting.) DM me your mailing info? :)
Oh for silly!
those things you wish could are called experiences where you learn from them. Good or bad.
I wonder if Fuld is getting jealous that another hobbit is getting the attention this year!
A #SWA day. OMW to Seattle w a connecting flt in Oakland. Slept on the first flt like a baby. About to read my celebrity gossip mag now.
We thank you as well! Have a happy Saturday.
Have a safe trip and let's finish this round off in Kamloops!
No love for #FSU - but I want #Oklahoma to lose
I guess I need to start watching Scandal! Everyone is talking about it! I also need to start watching Revenge!
So wondering if the campaign link can be shortened within your tool before advocates click the share on twitter button
Thats a great spot for a Sports Authority.
My bad. World Cup Dressage Final not over. But Ann Romney's horse still 17th of 18 going into final day.
"Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act."
Hop to Lofty Dog Easter day for EasterBegg treat with every purchase. Special Easter hours 12-4pm
I am so excited to see "Ted." Anyone else seen the trailer?!
Maybe we just see more of the complacent artists now because there's more internet exposure - but that doesn't explain their shine and fans.
Everything that seems to be happening in my life is stuff that shouldn't hit until my late 20s according to
Hello you! Thanks for helping get the word out. Hope your year is awesome!
Thank you kindly, Barry! We'll make sure and let you know when the albums available for a listen.
cuz I'm Amy that's why , and can we DM , this is long lol
“: Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races.”stealing tweets & 💩 😒
Small world. I'll be at BNW tomorrow with Minneapolis.
and just when all hope is lost, you stumble on an submission from ...whoa.
Eight of the subjects of the Creative Hoosiers tour I just took at the IMA are buried at Crown Hill, plus others on our Artists tour.
As am I. RT : We're looking forward to conducting the Young Artists Competition this year during the festival!
just for that, you are now my 2nd favorite
listenin to "LOUDER"- this song is hot.... also "KISSED YHUR GIRLFRIEND" is the jam... :-) lik them both
lmfaooo <3 if u need a lawyer u know who to call !
": #FF follow for easy social media integration for you brand!" Thanks for the mention!
Thanks Ryan!
Yeh! Let run into each other
I swear I'm in love with and
And she white praise the lord for me right now lord have mercy on my soul for this one
Why ignore me
RT KyleT493: I wish my fridge was stacked with drinks like the guys from how to stock your fridge
I ordered them a few months ago... And you cant beat the quality & price! :)
When girls say they are looking for a guy that's funny, we must assume they don't get humor. We are single. It HAS TO BE THEM!
I get myself into some interesting entanglements:)
You're just mad he's not a Red anymore..lol.
To dilute the will to win is to destroy the purpose of the game. There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
with U.T. Basketball coach #RickBarnes. Really nice guy.
Visit our table today in the Union!
It took 5 minutes and %6 of my battery to sent the last tweet on #AT&T's lightning fast network…
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
It is impossible to hum if your nose is plugged. (And everyone that is reading this is trying it!)
I miss back in the day when i could get my little brother to do anything as long as i said go fast, ill time you
I blame a lot on management. The talent in the #WPS was top notch!
#Blackberry, I am so tired of your tiny little screen.
Bad news: my East region is a smoking crater.
As I was checking something, Miss read a Benny & Penny to herself. Then we each read a part. This isn't a memorized book.
You, "But what's it about?" Me, "Well, I was a skeptic of reports of people seeing Jesus in everything from a tree trunk to a bowl of soup."
Who just watched the Kings/Maloofs press conference from New York? Wow.
some Villa in Africa the leader of the invisible children movement is facing charges. And I've seen nothing to prove that
#TaxAdviceTuesday Belize is the new Caymans: asset transfers to offshore banks r essential 4 avoiding US taxes and shielding ur hedge funds!
2006 CL Semi Finalists, 2011 EL Semi Finalists who beat Porto (who then won a treble last year).
How is it possible that there is so many todo apps and none do it completely right? Is it that hard of a problem to solve?
can't sleep but happy i pass my state board test
Watching the replay of the Giants game...Casilla's stuff was nasty!
I know too many dumbasses.
I love that idea!
This global financial crisis is brought to you by the global elites N-e-w World Order agenda...
Fav W. Anderson in order: ROYAL TENENBAUMS, FANTASTIC MR. FOX, RUSHMORE, LIFE AQUATIC, DARJEELING LIMITED, BOTTLE ROCKET.Wait, no one asked?
Why does this happen 2 me:/
elevator pitch: hi, I'm The Awesome Pulsifer. U need my art n ur gallery. Did I say I'm awesome & humble? --guaranteed 2 work!
when I'm done being sick with my sinus infection we need to have a FaceTime meetin!
The Silk Tie likes the Big Red Comic! Need a sweet tie? thesilktie.com
The term “lifelong learning” implies that there is always something more to learn.
Check out A1 styles on facebook Amazing specials & great talent
so is your Twitter account 0wned, or is this a joke I'm not following?
at least i get to see him smile (:
Thanks to MKE Brewers Foundation for a very generous contribution to Guns, Grief and Grace film series!!
tell her to see the hit Adam Sandler movie, Clit.
What does your June look like?
Hello, Exxon. I'm Perhaps you've seen me in such class action suits as "Beating Big Tobacco" and "Kicking Asbestos".
I SWEA SOME NIGGA'S CAN BE SOME REAL ASSES SOMETIMES......
truly a "Fun" run compared to those #HalfMarathons lol!
i need an intense deep facial.
“:Joe Paterno is 83 right? Is that his real hair or is he wearing a racoon.”I'm 50 years younger and jealous of that hair line
Last day of school.(: can't wait for Christmas.(:
making muffins for this bum davonya
Matt Erlin (WUSTL) presenting on topic modeling German novels of the 18th & 19th century.
So , i'm thinking about deleting myself from this page . it doesn't have many likes & it's not active . so , yeaah . ~ Angel <3
Fresh faded 💈and feeling X-rated.
thanks? (: lol. what do you look like
Spam in my DM <<
"tweeting is believing" -
The Man Who Sold The World: Bowie or Cobain? I cannot choose. I just can't.
I'm the lead singer in a new band, All The Little Pieces. We'll be performing all over Kentucky and maybe even Nashville, TN! :)
One more cup of coffee before work, so I can punch holes in things that need/lack holes.
Best part of Hamilton's 4HR game? Twitter banter that includes occasional reference to 4HR alum Hard Hittin' Mark Whiten.
maybe just a lil get together, liquor and kush all night type sh.t
i stay real conntected with my family. We text all the time.
Cute top, sis!
: Dumpster fire.
Finding I really enjoy listening to Adele & Duffy
The 40 Rules of Love. It's one of the best fiction books I've read all year.
Hi Jeff. Thanks for checking out the Annnapurna stuff this weekend. Are you affiliated with The travelers way magazine? Eric
Gods blessed me so much these past 2 weeks. so im good:)
Lol was yesterday. But today is white.
nice to meet you. ;-) I thought you were all set in that category??
My gym does not have the best ventilation. I sweat more but so do all the hot LA starlets.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you follow some one RT them and give them a shout out and they help you gain 0 followers
Post your pictures at Taproom No.307 on our Facebook Wall!
Think I'll watch Orange Bowl on DVR. 70-33 might put me in a better mood.
I sprayed my brother with VS body spray & he gets me back by spraying Febreze on me -.-
I better follow up with a just kidding. You never know.
Blow that money like a candle !
i just killed ...... A FLY! THAT IS .. omg ... i'm like so proud of myself. that's pretty big.
Regardless, I'll be either howling or wearing a Burger King crown come the Finals.
Absolutely, I'd love to. Will you attend any conference this year? I'll be in Vegas for
I was helping out my good friend print! 34x22s. We will be back tomorrow evening to continue! It went amazing.
Damn, my fault. I should've told you! I wasn't there btw. We need to convene at Hayseed Hill one day soon.
It's rearing in on 72 hrs before christmas and I haven't bought Any gifts yet. Yup #procrastination at its finest.
We won The Hard Rock battle of the bands tonite!!
Still pondering ... RT : Hey I need help with Xmas ideas for Brandon.
Will do! I got to see Alex last night too!
what isn't cool about writing #bash scripts? ...well, probably a lot... but it's cool as in "tech cool" I guess
34-0 in the second quarter. Come on Blue, put up something.
Thanks, Hope all is well.
She knows that
is this a live feed Randle will be on?
How's yall bitches day goin?
I might have a jaffacake
Thank you!
Got my Lz back! :)
Just had lunch with Tim Forester @ Boulder Brooks Landing. Tasty ! Discussed how we can infuse jazz / blues into the musical lineup there.
I'm on a steady diet of Investigation Discovery channel. No wonder why I have nightmares, but I just can't stop watching!
Smith coaches<<<
'neoliberalism as creative destruction.'
RT : "Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats" says at
when i do it right, i don't get as hungry as i used to either, but my nutritionist (paleo) has me to eat at least x calories
New texture. Sigh. Step 1: Switch type to Image, switch mapping method to UV. Oh to have this be the default.
You have ruined my life, embarrassed me in front of alot of people, I dont understand how my parents can let you in...
I'm reading For All Time by Caroline B. Cooney and North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell!
Wtf? I walked away for a little bit and D-Rob loads the bases? That's not like him! Get out of it Houdini!!
Way to go, Steph!
More peeps u should follow!
And I got a sunburn... Including a worse farmers tan -____-
Tonight's Bollywood film sans subtitles- I THINK the heroine lives happilyeverafter w/ her gay schizo murderer bf...but could be wrong?
Thoughts on desk?
Heard jazz band in Santa Monica the other night. The kids were amazing.
My body forgot what it's like to lift weights. Where's the Advil?
time to move out! goodbye milwaukee! :)
NO STOP IT LOOK MAD GOD
lmao my bad my bad
haha yeah and cold stone :D
U Cant Say Nothin Bout Id Until U Try Id Doe..
But wanted you to know that you're me! Heard Kickin' In and Shady about 50 times each! Shaking my ass!!!!
The source didn't say there was no more bandwidth; said that to add a channel at this point, would have to have clear $$ benefit.
OMG It looks beautiful!!! <333
RT : The last time NC put an Amendment regarding marriage in their Constitution was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
i miss you
Slides support the words. They aren't the words. Think of the Disney example!
I can care who u like its just funny to me u jumped ship when u was the one talking shit that's all and it's funny
we haven't voxered in a while
Ok Bloomberg.....
Remember we're the one who offers FREE city wide pick up and delivery!!! At , we want to always help out YOU out :)
stop hurting #BlockB and
Received nice card from John & Patsey of Jacksonville, FL. Thank you Patsey. Posted content on facebook if interested.
Thank you everyone for following !!!We'd like to send a special shout out to for all her help!
Girl: I want you to be my boyfriend forever Boy: I dont. Girl: Why? Boy: Because then i cant be your husband
I find that to continually remember who i am i have to look in the mirror of God's Word.
Psst...your owner is still Dan Snyder RT RG3 becomes a Washington #Redskin today. A new era? God, I hope so.
needs to stop being a little bitch and leave
I got some jahlil beats type shit? Need some like that?
I want to say "Thank You" to all the #Greeks out there who are fighting to break free from global #Banksters. Greece is the first domino!
i cut watch,wits did?.
Feels good to audition for a character you truly connect with :)
just gave my dog the PK Dick/Blade Runner Voight Kampf empathy test, she's real--now you GOP candidates...?
that was a great interview!
Congrats! Please DM us your name, email address & where you are applying to claim your prize.
There have been days when I've resorted to office vending machine pop-tarts for lunch.
Print is dead.
Always, Always, Always, Always follow your dreams and never let anyone or anything stop you from living your passions :)
A broken Spirit... the storm is OVER & the sun has broken through... BUT Continued next tweet
same for yhu b he lives 20 min away frm yhu lol .. Why does our life sucks
just might hit the sunset strip tonight!!! Who downn?
look right you twitter name booty freaking cakes okay...get it right...
I want to do something tonight
Wrap up and stop playing on our side of the field. I want to see 1st half's D back out there. #let'sgo
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
I was saying your mom is love
Top 5 Topas bars in Tampa? Any suggestions
I like the way you think!
great by the way i got my report card i pass all my classes i'm happy but my parents said i have to do better on science
Marquis Teague with the fresh new kicks
bitch I feel good..
BTW...best place for a hot pierogi is Grandma Helen's Kitchen on Broadview in Parma :)
RT Getting my skirt blown up in this crazy ABQ wind. Sorry, no pic. // Darn! ;)
New FB Pages private messaging tool: msgs were more negative than public. Not integrating until can pull into their existing sys
Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of Robert Kennedy Jr, died of asphyxiation due to hanging, CNN confirms.
Diversity on Sherwood will be opening at 8 AM on Black Friday!!! Tons of sales!!! Come early! 8 am to 6 pm! DT2 has sales but normal hours!
Looking forward to a great day tomorrow, Auditions for Aidan at NYFA....
Just had my sushi fix. I'm about to go HAM on this nap.
RIP Vaclav Havel, poet and playwright, leader of the "Velvet Revolution," and first President of the Czech Republic, 10/5/36-12/18/11.
don't think that will work since I'm way down south in Griffin
I laughed so hard when you washed the chicken. You're so funny! Love your spa party.
Muybridge google doodle just in time for film foundlings week.
that sounds really good.
Awesome! I went to school there - great school
for sure!
Sync. Watched that video yesterday.... I was recalling where I first heard the concept of immortality. And found the vid.
Move over Reggie, there's a new Miller Time!
Fact: workdays are long. Evidence: the number of times I click "I'm still listening!" on Pandora.
Gonna miss you. Good luck with your next team
haha i heard that! craziness! worth it though :)
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
Awesome, happy driving! RT taking one DT to pull permits! Such an easy way to commute & the free parking is a bonus
I think an AAR session would be great. I could talk from a public history side.
Boy Shopping (: with
hahaha...true! This is so not the parade I remember when I was a kid.
thanks! It only looks good on accident, but thank you anyways :) haha
:-) RT : Watch'n 4th and Forever
Got my first Xmas present from my wife! A book of rustic terrines. Can't wait to get started.
It's sad how people act when they get alcohol in their systems. Learn to control yourself you look like a fool.!
REMINDER TODAY at 9:30am. Rescue Of >> Go Team #GTTR Check It Out Have A Good Day
lol right I'd prob jump outta the car.
At the Movies.
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... ( www.myspace.com/djnlyte812) (www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/) God Bless
I have no idea what the fuck he said I'm just going long with it lol
y'all are some cutie bootys. I'm pooping. -Zach
glad you enjoyed your treatment
I'm thinking about seeing Think Like a Man. Heard it was good.
Oh hey, I got a job.
Mt. Carmel HS (PA) was the last #HSFB team to reach 800 wins. That was last season.
When girls lie their ass off<
We are born in this world as it all falls apart; <3
Having a great first day at the !
...and I'm fucking pissed off again. Don't think this cycle is gonna change till you get your shit together. It's still not fair to me
Doesn't get much better than ellie goulding on the subway this NYC morning
We seem to get so confused when someone else "changes", yet expect others to love us when we do. Always keep an open mind!
“: I'm really liking this shave gel. Thanks for the recommendation.” We are glad you like it!
Listening to Design Matters podcast talk with Maria Popova. Can def. relate to her story about moving frm Eastern Europe to US.
is this the Bruce Bowen theory?
1000 California Foster Care Homes Match Sex Offender Addresses: Report - Huffington Post
you might not be able to under stand her sometimes but that the great thing about her she's amazing!
lol yea i wouldnt do it too :)
updated the look on my blog. Now if only I can remember to update the blog
So I just got back from walking around the apartment complex and I have never saw so many worms in my life it they were everywhere
Rackspace Releases 2012 Green Survey Results
haha what area do you live in?!
oh ya!! Boo!! Are you done with them all??
Oh! Yayayayay! We NEED to hang out!
Just getting home from work to my new king size bed....babies don't even sleep this good
we definitely do not want backpacks, but yeah a notepad would be worse. I was hoping for iPads
Smarter than the average bear booboo! ;)
If u cant hit me up before 10pm dnt hit me up period. Cuz this aint that!!
not being sarcastic. I agree that he's been sucking really bad, but I don't think it warrants booing him at the park this early
he got a twitter?
representing Wellesley only way he knows how-“: Seconded! : "Great session, ! #NERCOMP12"”
#ConfessionNight...my real name is Jasmine 😁 lol
I be on my twitter shit, she be on tumblin
Good movie. :)
I will! It's been a while since I've painted and all my supplies are just collecting dust.
Don't forget to comment once about your favorite reason for coming to Orange Leaf for a chance to win today's gift card!
the best around and I thank God for my team.
I think I am the type of person that would benefit greatly if I lived alone on a mountain with a horse to fuck...er ride. Hate my life.
Headin over the #carrierdome to watch and the number one #orangemen play marquette
You're not taking advantage of the visual element of these video interviews. They might as well be podcasts.
Wishing you a very wonderful and prosperous 2012.
So much to finish on my To Do list before tonight's TrailBlazers game. Must get out of bed...
i'm proud of me and you, because i'm a good teacher and you learned some things in spanish on skype with me I'M A GOOD TEACHER
with friends with copious amounts of booze.
Man wait to Rondo get a shot he would be the best pg in the game.
The tent has been moved!
oh. which poets?
Thanks, looks like you are doing some interesting work with timenetwork. RT : god bless minimalism. Great work
Man, fuck Sriracha. Crystal is where it's at.
Submit your images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com!!!
It's more a case of the iPad already being an awesome road machine, but then how to add capacity for writing productivity as well.
Holla! I believe they are a little too bright for Grandpa Bill's taste, though he he
Kaiser chiefs and walk the moon! Tabernacle tonight! Thinking of you all
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk. -Meister Eckhart
Enjoyed meeting you and hearing you speack when you were here at Lake of the Ozarks! I am behind you all the way!
RT this and I'll TRY to make a long #imagine. - Blanka :) x
Just got done listening to 's new podcast, #HeresTheThing and I loved it! Can't wait for the next episode
I've never been a big fan of Hootsuite, or any other twitter app, but today it's really pissing me off. Just f*ing work so I can do my job!
Sleeping while my parents do p90x
Boston baby
look for one called noki hd
It's Schnitzel Day (Schnitzel Tag!) at the customer site I'm visiting. Schnitzel and fries in the lunch room. But no beer to wash it down...
We have found a pair of glasses in a black case in the International Ballroom West at #CILDC - please claim them at the registration desk.
Live life to the fullest don't be afraid to laugh and always be yourself. There's no point of doing otherwise.
The cat who wants breakfast, there is no button "off" :D:D:D
the relationship i have with Alpha Cinthia Baez is a unique one because she doesn't trust me but she trust me with her kids
For the first time in life, I'm being anti-social...co-workers at the baseball game and I'm chillin'. : )
*Sings "Here I Am" by Monica*
Molly Lynch shares research and tips for dealing with incivility. Participants at #PUP12 conference suggest sharing annoying behaviors
Hey Dudes! is packed with some hot exec ladies tonight!
#nw The Wood. I can quote this entire movie! "Keep the change!" haha
yeah u right..
RT Great game!! Congrats Kentucky ! U all were great all season.
check out the #Europa Wrap up show tonight at 8pm est
Is gonna Kick!(you in the nuts)!
Chapter 2012 Page 59 of 366 In awe of the power of Viral Marketing.
a lot of attention so we decided to take
to much stuff should of been here
they're too expensive & I would have to take the sat or act
Yeah u right. Stay up bruh......
how do i do that lol
Teaching is done, grocery shopping too-ugh!So much to do tonight-but not before a quick nap. Then I suspect I might be ordering Chinese food
no prob. Others like hootsuite as well. Both will get the job done.
Lmfao at aries spears making fun of charles barkley on espn
excuses excuses. Shame on you little sister. -_-
Life is what you make it so work hard and stride
Now that you take credit cards, it's possible that you will bump sbux down a notch & become my #1 addiction. cc:
stopped in at 居酒屋正 for a late-night snack and thought to himself that if he had to have dinner there every night, life would be just fine.
our school lol on the football field
so it appears that it does matter what kind of coconut milk (can) one uses to make a whipped topping. working on a glaze w rest of can.
It's been hot, sweet and milky #vavavavoom. Have been drinking my coffee iced, however.
No one can change us. When we know the truth, the truth gives us a reason to change.
Congratulations to on earning the #1 spot on this week's CMG Radio Network country chart for his song "Love Doesn't Live Here"!
CB radio expression truckers use over the radio to find people to talk to late at night on the road. Got ears on.
please talk to me i act normol
OSU Libraries OSULibrary Study late at Thompson Library - now open til 2 am Sunday-Thurs Spring quarter!
ha! I will be sure to vent fully! Thx for the tip! :) boarding now finally!
Your movies are terrifying and awesome
Aviva says CEO search to take all year
lol my friend said has a nice ass and she wants to squeeze it xD
indeed I am wearing them at this moment!
- you got the gist of it, but its much broader, deeper and inclusive.
Remember me?
Which would you choose, true love with a guarantee of a heart break or have never loved before?
But annoying is an adjective. Just being serious...and anal.
dude i see yuu!
Covered many protests. NEVER seen one with more regular folks than hippies, more little kids than college kids & cops backing protests. cool
Planned parenthood exec director at rally urges women vote in upcoming elections. "no ID needed!"yells someone in the crowd. Wiunion
Any Pro Wrestling Journalists or Fans want to chat?
“ I need a vacation Asap !”
see you soon o.O?
It's been almost a week of not having to wake up at 3:30am everyday and I'm rediscovering what it's like to be human.
Interesting! I haven't interviewed a bona fide musician since a show preview for Kansas a few years back, of Dust In The Wind fame
good luck! (:
Bite your tongue RT : I'm bored and the brewers gonna lose
Never thought that the Honey Nut Cheerios bee would be caught up in a sex scandal.
What Case Do You Have???:)
If you don't make it onto the list for the Gates Foundation tour at #mlanet12, there's always the New Member SIG business meeting! :)
hey, no texting and driving :)
sweet! Same here. She was left sleeping on my bed while i'm off to work :( i'm so sleepy! Lol
Very True! Good thing I am neither. I do have tennants that struggle to get by every month. I feel for them at times.
Biology with (:
RT : BEER #FACT: #Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world (behind tea) RT if you think it should be
what the help does do to earn money, besides wear a suit for no apparent reason?
Auto-timing (transcript synchronization) has increased number of YouTube users adding captions.
Thanks for your order of CleanStart You are going to love the results!
I've had it since the beginning Unfortuantely Hahahah
and that one thing is me! But everyone has stepped up!
Okeey doke, can't wait to talk to you :D
So glad you came! RT : Lots of useful non-profit info last night a NetSquared. Wesley Faulkner was awesome!
I don't care what time a day it is...I'll eat cereal...I'm just bad ass like that.
What is stylish about faux fur that looks like you are wearing a mangy orangutan with a bad dye job? Skip it.
Happy shopping
Happy thoughts today guys! Its Friday.
I love working out to Santigold & Cursive!
#WeWereCoolUntil you lied about having a twin to get more rations
Dude, I got Landsharks from last August!
Happy Mother's Day
The Last Policeman, Ben Winters upcoming book.
It was great the kids really enjoyed themselves. They look forward to it every year.
Love your pix, have a great interest in crop circles...is there a group of cclovers amoung us?
“: Six o'clock comes way to fast” completely agree.
But it's good you worked. For, you know, the pay and stuff. (O_O)-b
- Do you have anything else to say to your Mother?
Means as much to me as Dungy liking RG3 more than Luck, which would be absolutly nothing.
I dare you to let me be your one and only..
Delusion is when we think love doesn't matter.
I wish! Can't wait for my
We work harder at trying to be who others want us to be than we do actually figuring out who we are. My challenge to you today: Be You!
OurkidsASD, our sister company, is selling MOTHER WARRIORS, Jenny McCarthy's new book, AT COST for just $13.50. That's less than amazon.com.
RT : Congrats to on signing a 2 year lease extension! I recommend you check them out if you haven't already! Gr
Hey , any good venues in Orlando that you can point us to? Maybe we can play a show with you guys on the 26th :)
I wanna start back going to church !
Lol... I don't think you can.
Omg ikr! Haha nice to know I'm not the only one :)
I'd rather have the enemy that hates me to my face than the friend who hates me behind my back
Accordingly to regulation, if said pepper spray is made a component of the pizza, then the resulting pizza has become a vegetable.
Power outage in the Engineering Building
has a cooking show?! Best. Study Break. Ever!
DM We would like to update you on an engaging curriculum bundled with a dedicated digital textbook program we are leading for WI.
fuck yeah. Fuck them all! It's time to take care of you!
Amazing pizza & ping-pong! is giving 35% to on 4/26. You won’t mind waiting for a seat.
I know I will not get a reply from u because it is impossible !and I know that u also can't reply all who admire u !
Testing the galaxy s
Thanks for the retweet Adam! Almost twenty years now and I am still loving you !
Chris Anderson is way too clean cut to be a pedophile
- Thanks for the RT. See you (and himself) at one of the upcoming Summits.
Wow this new & video is comin out crazy coming soon so stay tuned
Starting a new website..!
HOLLA at a CHAMPION on Wednesday Dec 2 at Karma Lounge, Greenwich Village, NY for the Tastemakers party that night!
Happy Hump day Boston!
The recording for our new EP is nearly over! We hope you guys are ready for this....
Crud. Just realized I forgot to prep for a work meeting tomorrow morning. Need a file I can't access remotely, didn't bring my laptop. Grr
...first world problems, I know.
Bein an Indian tonight 👣
story of our lives. #whatcityisthisagain?
Try "The BC" on The BIRN-Berklee Internet Radio Network with DJ BiGMAN for the new best music coming out from the UK!
How many of you ran the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon yesterday? It was a great day for running!
Super excited for today's BIG performance vs watch me live on
your right. Your totally right. Your eye is twitching cuz how I'm using "your".
Not in person yet. I'm not sure what I would do with two Michael Schechters in my life.
Hey, my favorite (other) Beth! :) Doing well, working on a new category romance. How's writing by you?
props to your late studying tonight! In 13 hours I'll have your champagne ready for ya!
right now with Seattle Alumni - Come have a glass It's #HappyHour #WAWine ^aef
Great Woman'sDay reggae concert last nite w/ 2 of the I-3 & an amazing 7 year old girl poet. Met Mutabaruka,reconnected w/ an old friend:-)
Ridiculous. Did all that media really need to be there? RT Jets had over 200 credentialed media at Tim Tebow presser today.
Everyone is a hockey fan all the sudden?? Ok...
What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
A marathon is just a 10K with a 20 mile warm-up. #marathontraining #bostonmarathon via
Thanks v. much for feedback! I will compile these comments from you & and pass them on to discuss w/the team.
Awesome. Any epic plans?
Rep. Mason: "We have a proud tradition in this state of the WI idea... Let's talk about what the UW system means to the future of WI."
I'm doing the only thing I know how live my beautiful life
I appreciate your confidence!
wearing some right now!
no RT Ciroc taste so much better than Grey Goose to me!!!
but yeah, occasionally they really hit the mark
listening to from discussing user experience innovation
#DontYouHateWhen you get to taco bell and its closed!
RT : Actions Prove Who some1 is, words just proves who they wanna be
Hi Jon, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Kicking off the Dietitian Summit with a fresh smoothie and info on the #GotMilk campaign
Lol... On to the next one
mornin lol sorry we r super late
Ah #SDN you never fail to please
there are just too many ways to go with that one that I can't even respond to it. Joke overload...
we are so happy to be on your shelves!!! but not as happy as we are when fly off the shelves!
the 2001 I just read about from sounds delish
WE LOVE making it a wonder-fuller day at Park Here everyday! RT Big shoutout to Everyone melts in your furniture
seriously i don't know if anyone told you this, but a teacher kind of has to talk to teach
You should come study at Bulter with me. Just walk on over, I know how much you love your strolls.
Creating all-natural soap for sensitive skin
Happy one-year anniversary to Mandy and Lucio Gonzaga.
where did you find it?!
Nationwide Verizon 4G outage
come on
Why couldn't it have rained when we were stuck in a museum? Why now, when we must drag our bags up and down bridges to bus? BAD Venice.
remedial balling and striking ...
Damnit! of you saw THE AVENGERS! I DEMAND! you to take me tonight!!!!!
In Lancaster for Chameleon show tonight.
off to Indy for a few days :)
What's the purple zucchini? A Sasquatch?
congrats bro!!!
People honestly need to stop moving their mouth and just listen.
U may think da grass is always greener on da other side but if u take da time 2water ur own grass it would b just as green
Watching these Spurs blow there big lead as usual
Have they ever had a first kiss? -Amber Schlosser from Indiana!
No twitter, Facebook, Google, or much texting for the next two weeks. Game faced! Wish me luck on my finals!!!:-) :-) :-) :-)
The fact that you just said "the coloreds" tho... that's my cue.
Long time. What's the news?
I'm eating everything in my sight tonight...
luv affordable great wine - anyone can find a great expensive wine!! The challenge is $15 or less. Keep up posts like this!!
of electronic files for print or machining operations
Nothing, I'm just venting, not serious!
Monta Ellis Named Western Conference Player of the Week
haha o well we will just forget it.
Thank YOU! So glad you had the time to register and check us out! Feel free to give my code to others you think would enjoy!
i love how your words mean something valuable(: thats a reason why your my idol<3 love you xoxo //
I love my group of friends. Love love love them ((:
Good for you! That rocks!
Got a new space... Getting the keys on Tuesday!
who could deny these butterflies?
Google ad asks: "Done writing your poetry?" I hear my grandmother's voice, doggedly correcting young me: "Food is done. *You* are finished."
She's worked with tons of people. I don't think she views Gaga any differently than she views Nicki, Britney, etc.
Time for socializing ! See you guys there!
just digging into the new book. Its great! Thanks for the %/grams measures! Any signings in Milwaukee?
it's a shiny brown lol
I looked it up haha. Pshh I'm dying to try out nando's though! 😊
best google doodle ever
I think my body is shutting down forever. It's either Jappy Juice or the muscle relaxer the nice black guy gave me last night.
That's very 007 of you, Jen.
Sorry my friend.
is most boring tweeter ever. about to unfollow...
HAHAHAHA at least your brother can tolerate them! my brother hates them
Trust issues < but I have them
seems like fancy #foxnews rhetoric for: "we don't have any real intentions to end this war."
A3 (cont) but ask that question in a year or 2...with companies going public and having to make money (ie: facebook/groupon)
Two questions 1. did you go to jr. prom and how much did you like it? 2. will you feel terrible if you miss sr. prom? Go to SD
Girls tell you how they feel, guys don't ever say how they're feeling. Therefore, guys are more confusing than girls.
Starting my Friday off with some ancient aliens 👽
As long as you love me..
Happy birthday !! Love ya like a fat kid loves cake!
"I'ma live life live, I'ma get what's mine."
Autotrack is great for tracking info, says Alec Klein #ire2010, but pricey. We use Knowx.com at Sunlight, cheaper (but limited) dbase.
RT : its that #keeperstatus that got them lining up- lol yeh u right
I wish I had napped longer. Or slept better to begin with.
What is the 1 thing you can do that will have the biggest positive impact in your life today? Do it!
I don't care about your imperfections, that's what makes me adore you. :)
She gave me some nasty ass Emergen-C . Ew 😖🏥🚑💨
I have to play games on my retina iPad with iPad 2 graphics because the developers haven't updated yet :/
GOODMORNING FAMILY & FRIENDS, I WISH EVERYONE A WONDERFUL & BLESS DAY. AND KNOW THAT GOD WILL BLESS & WATCH OVER YOU.
holy crap this is aggravating I just have to show it to her I guess
Now I won't have anyone to cuddle with all night :(
Nba Playoff's April 28th .
what if you instilled an system of relegation by average like they do in Arg. it's complicated but saves
Hey if you like metal would you give us a listen:) we put up a new song "some kind of fake" :)
Yes please! I'll take a Chicken Roti,right now! “: i need someone to create a 24 hour roti delivery service.”
Support the Artists!
Follow these dudes and tell all your friends about these guys.
yup, its killer. no flash all HTML. Need v8 or v9 of Chrome.
was it that obvious?
I just really like steamed vegetables STEAMED CARROTS
Well, that went fast. The 10 half price "cornelius" tickets are gone. Maybe we'll do it again soon.
We'll see if we can drink away that unnecessary desire for success
Nice day....need something fun to do!
- Three Men And Hartmuts Face.
stayed home today.. hah.
Struggling to fit yourself in the puzzle of life? When we allow ourselves to be placed, instead of forced - good things happen.
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." Enjoy your monday everyone!
Not too observant if he didn't also notice the Wall Street bailouts.
aww I call ur ass to see if u wnt to go to da zoo
Apparently my phone didn't receive any text messages after 1130 last night...been hearing from people that i ignored texts. I didn't! :)
so excited to partner with you guys!
Listening to Chief Flynn and Margaret Henningsen speak at the MANDI Awards. Great MC picks.
you probably wouldn't care, but imma still tell you anyways! Lol well, today I had my first break dance battle and I won! :D
Why do I love you ? You don't even care ..
#Brewers split squads are both down in the 3rd inning. 4-0 #Royals 3-0
hit me up so i can link up with you before #partyriot #may27th ... its LOS ... get at me
welcome :* « thanks babe RT ": 8:09 « what time does 1st period end?»"»
Are youu serious?!?! :D
Hitting the studio in the am......
Chinatown Coffee Co has 808s and Heartbreak the album
what, are you drunk?
No, learn to read. Formerly means "not working there anymore."
Where is the Whiz going?
hahaha you win this time. Yankees suck hard right now.
Omar and the yam.
Jesus knows the powers and pressures of this world; He loves us and wants the affection of our hearts.
Danny Granger and Paul George swap for Melo? Would it work?
Thank you for the retweet friends!
Raise your hand if your #highered institution has a "committee on committees." #sharedgovernance only in higher education
I want to go to Yen Chings Friday. Who wants to go?!
yo gabba gabba called they want there anal plug costumes back
#Oomf just sh!tted in the public bathroom.. smh lol u know who u are!
One is too many.
And we ouuutttttt
Hey Josh! I'm already wanting this next season to start!! What types of players would you like the Pack to draft this year?
is silly 
And on that note....bout to put iTunes on shuffle and take a long shower and sing with the back scrubber.
Brining mommy starbucks to her school in St. Pete today after my exam #GOODdaughter (:
Asking: how can I channel my #creative flow now? Feel #joy, be effective?
arizona is totally ripping us off!!
actually this store called agaci. It's like forever 21
is playing at #RiverfrontTavern. Makes me more and more in the love with this place!
#salarmyweek. Compassion for people in crisis.
I am part human, half alien and a quarter brat.
only fags watch super bowl commercials
Sitting by the bear with paws in the air, waiting for something to happen.
I am really confident they will understand a lot of new stuff below than anybody else!
Touch it by monifah my jam bby!!!!
Fsck you and the tired meme you rode in on..
i am officially done with my senior year in college...now onto my 5th year. senior year again.
Enjoying a Southampton Keller Pills at Best summer beer!
Was just talking to a friend abt the MS store. Did you buy anything?
We're so very sorry to hear of Maurice Sendak's death. Goodbye King of the Wild Things.
wish I could be there
#GetBetterCam cause the fans LOVE you! <3
Cooking up some breakfast. Starting my day early.
Celebrating child abuse prevention in Louisa- great group of folks focused on strengthening families
RT : I think it has a lot of potential, I genuinely liked your site:) #BUZbuz / Thanks much! We hope so, too.
i think it's because faulkner's name is part of the Matilda tattoo on my arm... Happy Morrison Day!
I love your new pic!
Miss you!
i know the Giants build through the draft, what i'm talking about is possible scenarios is all
not to be critical, but our local post office needs more window people compared to those that send packages.
Believe in yourself! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.~Norman Vincent Peale
Hey Rated N. No, I didn't watch it. I read about it.
it was so bad. Ah atleast she's trying Lol
We have so much time and so little to do. Strike that, reverse it. Roald Dahl (1916 - 1990)
RT : Here's to you Mrs. Robinson.
8/23/2010 How Calls to Action Can Generate Monster Leads MarketingProfs
Ima send some awesome presents to and ;)
JOHN GLENN!!
Not everyone around you is your friend, remember that.
Sorry. Now back to your regularly scheduled programming
#BasicEconomics - Capitalism is a PROFIT AND LOSS system. Funny how lefties never emphasize the risk of loss those evil capitalists face.
fresh perm...hair looks & feels great!!
hello friends! we come to rock toon-ite at burt's tiki lounge 313 gold sw w/ and Broken Water (myspace.com/brokenagua)
Happy Birthday!!!
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us
thank you & for the #FF yesterday!
Yeah, I'm super chill now ;) Hope you are doing well!
Ok maybe I'm not going to sleep right away.
Thought that only my Facebook has been hacked but my twitter too...
Happy National Raspberry Tart Day!
of course.
That's on now? I wasn't expecting it until Christmas.
God damn I don't want to go to class.
If you disturb or interupt me while im in my process, i get so freaking pissed off you dont even know...
I have been searching for a lake home around the madison area. If you have a property or know of a listing please let me know. Below $600K.
Per Ann, Mitt is really "wild & crazy" Especially when he dances on his Krugerrands!
The Friday office adult drink is a straight gin and tonic
2011.07.03 #Twins 9 #Brewers 7 | The tables are turned / Crew returns home happy that / interleague over
It's 10:45? What? When did that happen?
A woman bought you into this world so why disrespect one!?
thank god atleast ill get to see some of it
Is his Twitter handle? Is he now aware of your love?!
Sign 1 that my gf hacked my Pinterest account: I don't know that many people who repin awesome looking recipes.
Which memories in your life would you choose to erase?
Thanks! RT : good looking out.. I'm on it
A productive day ahead. :D
“: #Aries are not air-headed. They're one of the smartest signs.”
i love nature as much as i love you
hell no, that dude was ugly!
Holy fucking pain
Hey Crazy Train car commercial kind of weird to me. They're using a song about heroin addiction to sell Hondas.
Senior scholars need to take the lead in online publishing experiments
Oohhh he reversed it
Question for any school libraries w/Overdrive: what is average price per ebook? As in how many ebooks would a $2000 credit buy?
on a mission to find a great skin care line.
just don't want that lost, saying something didn't matter is a strong statement ;-)
Had an amazing week in Nashville!! Can't believe we were in the same studio at the same time as Faith Hill and Keith Urban! What a week!!!!
How 'bout those Avs!! Winning a shootout 5-4 in Detroit. Love this young team! Yip scored winning goal.
Cuz you thought there was more to us but you knew how this would end its gonna end how you expected girl youre such a masochist & I ask why?
That amazing moment when you figure out how to fix something that has been frustrating you.
I never knew nats could bite...
50 more invite codes just sent out!
slowing down to live fast.
Sometimes being a DD is more fun than drinking. Tonight was an example.
Ugh thunder!:/ i dont like it!:/ But everyone be safe!:) Hoppefully the lights dont go outt!
When the fuck are they going to open a One Direction store in LA??
what was that math site again?
MT : weather forecast makes me happy to be traveling to Green Bay for A bit of respite from upper90s stickiness!
.: "Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing." ~Albert Schweitzer
I'm leaving for FL for a week on Sunday =) beach for a week! =P
Maybe they know something we don't.
Yes! Let's do it! When Robin can pick up a fork.
When your gf doesn't go to the same school anymore /: but she's not going to school for a whole week just to go pick you up<3 :DD awe ^__<3
Eddie* RT : *Samantha :} RT SMG don't pick Eddie cos he sucks, so pick me.
yeah and i get that a lot
Where is that at? Karaoke Spin Class
goat cheese, Swiss chard and caramelized onion makes for a great quiche
Don't let our 50% off CanvasPop deal pass you by- www.crowdclick.com!!!!!
Sometimes its just me making jokes in my head w\ a serious look on my face.
I am resisting the geek in me to go see The Avengers...
#NoPointforSecond Wow, that was amazing! The judges made Season 1 unforgettable by choosing chris rene!!!
thanks! miss ya girl :)
My CD "Coyote Blues" is available at Electric Fetus. It is in the "Roots New Release" section. It is also available at Hymie's Records!!!
Idk how my phone is working. God loves me.
Wife just had another baby, its a girl...but now im feeling the effects of parenthood, AGAIN
Awesome. Awesome! Funny thing, I was just thinking about the need to start tackling this stuff again. Perfect timing!
AirConditioners are rated by tons of refrigeration produced by melting 1 ton of ice in 24 hours.
Skinny is back
People who get on a plane with an uncontrollable cough should wear a mask
“: A little early, but tequila shots for everyone! #CincodeMayo” Never too early. Whip out the Patrón amigos!
Back to fuckin' business.
I am hating life so much right now. And no, not because of my previous tweet. The love of my life keeps eluding me!!!
We love you guys! Thanks for all you do.
Minding My Business is a full time job, so I Won't be minding your business cause it doesn't pay a damn thing. LOL! ~ Lisa Morgan
"This too shall pass." Always gets me through the rough times!
Bought a carton of banana milkshake and I'm now drinking it out of the carton in school
Richmond truly is a shit hole. #richwhat?
my heart goes out to the woman that lost their lives tonite on lake and cicero in a car accident! smh
That's weird, it just came up fine on mine and other people are voting. Maybe you need an updated plug in or something?
YAY. A STORM. and i gotta go to school in 30 minutes how cool is that?
You and I will always be together
How you react to success, says more than the success itself..
from my exp not really. Too much theory, not enough skill building
That one kid in your class that always has to remind the teacher we had homework.
that's ridiculous how are you on the phone at the same time?
Great reel!! You're so cute!
Dis bus is so ghetto as fuck
Good morning!!!
Happy Good Friday everyone!!
Remember me and bare in mind, A faithful girl is hard to find
Cute clothes :)
All this trouble for people that only know how to turn left?
we'll be in the air reading at the same time--perfect! Can em each other our thoughts when on the ground again =) cc:
Spirituality for LGBT Blacks is also a predictor of happiness. The more spiritual one is, the more happy one is (self-perceived)
probably coulda bribed me with an offer like that haha
Thanks, Tina!
So yeah....going on a roadtrip...via the TRAIN today...I am nervous, excited and scared...OH MY! :)
At an EPA workshop on connecting mobile/internet apps with air pollution sensors. Lots of discussion around making complex data usable.
I love how Justin cares 4 others & would help like charity or even visiting ppl in the hospital like mrs bieber 4 ex: he's just so sweet :)
February is #AmericanHeartMonth. How do you stay healthy?
superchic!!love you lovely disco!
Thanks to everyone who has been praying for me and encouraging me as I set out to begin a new chapter of my life!
When is a new vol. of Top Chef Quickfire cookbook coming out!? I want one!
You can get a webmd app?!?!?! You know how much easier that'll make me diagnosing myself with cancer everyday?!!
Sounds like a great idea!! I may have to come to Tallahassee for the Grand Opening!!
it took me half an hour to figure out how to tweet on the new site.
“You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
What's up what's good? Singles 35 n up come on out to TryOuts for our singles cocktail party. Located @ Babcock & Eckhert
.'s fave dance instructor is Maurice Johnson of ! Thanks for sharing.
you snap your fingers when you argue #ButYouAThug smdh nope
when next year? If next year hell know im not stupid rose and deng are out till at least january of next yr lol
you and your broo are the best . (:
I will be participating in another Flea Market on May 19th....More details coming soon =)
NONE Of My Relationships NEVER Have Trust -____-
Good Start To The Night With Those Sorry Ass Celtics Losing, These Old Ass Spurs Are Next.
ill trade places with you! Get me out of Wisco!
#YeahILoveThat u r with me nomatter what ppl think..
wait till we get to the steak pics...
.thanks for the follow..
SO happy & proud to have worked on 's mag, EVO, which is up for a Marketing/Comm award! Yay!
Watching #Scandal. My god, it's pretentious.
I would send them, but I know that it's just not enough. My words are cold and flat, and you deserve more than that.
Booking models in Naples!
well I was judging on performance and they both give an awesome performance with dancing and singing simultaneously
Color blind people are probably wondering why are all these people wearing red today...
A dusty bible is a dusty life...
In parked car at IKEA with two sleeping kids...jealous? RT : Quick poll: You watching Tiger (golf) or Elite 8 (Hoops) today?
I can believe that. You're a whirling dervish (always wanted to write that ;) glad you are well. Take care of yourself.
"F*#% that, all in! Mods don't take s^£@ from anyone!"
u nuh why because u should have come to NY lol
you had the weirdest comment. So i came up with the best i got lol. Its the same as people putting balls of cocaine up there
The kids are gettin ready for a shoot in Snoqualmie this afternoon. Hoping the rain stays away.
