nobody is real about love these's days, but anyway i rather not wait up allnight sleepy
i love you too!
Awesome. There are so many good places to eat and take pictures.
I bet all those gift from your bf baby shower are from #babybehip #Philly personalized babygifts!!
You look like you need a couple of road sodas & to be in the effin' mix!
The fact that they're on a horribly contrived TV show?
I need someone to talk to.
awww see you ain't right! okay i will help out in the kitchen but he's mine in the bedroom. you too young! <payback lls
Cont: support network (inc sporting & non sporting personnel) & 3) effective use of advanced psychological skills. (Connaughton et al., '08)
yeah..but i'm a good kid(: so it's all good XD
took me a min to figure it out too.. Lol
Oakland gets on the board!!! #10 Billy Balent gives the Grizzlies' their first goal of the game, still trail Delaware 4-1.
Happy birthday to you BOTH! & Two of my fave. Cap. Hill spots!
thanks for the shoutout!! Glad you love the app!!
Sienna. Thank you for being a friend! Have a "LOVELY DAY!"
Hey little kid in your adorable pink jacket: I'm no kidnapper, but if I was, you would be the one.
Crypts album complete. Reminder: I am not responsible for your stereo equipment.
It's going to be a great#NewYear! I see big thing in our future! We're making big moves!
I'm doing research for a character I'm playing this Saturday. Please give me your thoughts about sociopaths.
Oh geez...sadly this is probably true some of the time. haha
yep run tmc will be there
Honor your commitments.
Also since Chris is unable to help, my friend Brian (Key Griper, Boom Mic Opperater) has also agreed to do lighting. Thank you Brian!
PA PA PA PA PA ♪ Las verdaderas Jonaticas entienden :D
Just watched the GI Joe movie. Story-wise, I was underwhelmed. Explosion-wise, it was pretty awesome.
Don't even know what to say :/
K I'm taking a nap bye
oh... Bwahaha! I should have known. What are some of the lyrics? Haven't heard that song in ages.
your gorgeous and you will do great! hope to see pics soon!
Covering my sunburn in vinegar... supposedly a natural remedy? Has anyone ever tried this before?
Lol. RT : “: I thrive on awkward moments...” well you had a lot of those with
"You can't sweep other people off their feet, if you can't be swept off your own."
That's a-ok! Hope you guys have a good time. Hopefully we'll see one in the US soon!
and passing notes in class... I remember when I was in 5th grade
lol good one, wish i was apple shareholder too instead of just a macbook pro holder
loved it! “: The dress worn at Pitchfork Festival was by Elina Sheripova, for all curious.”
Proud to see real community local leaders supporting real parent power to make schools great.
When you grow a pear you can call me back (; - inspiring words from Kesha.
#wnba star #Sidney Spencer #legendsfantasyleagues come on think you can out shoot a sharpshooter
Wall Street doesn't like the Bail out plan! WE don't like Wall Street lately!
Thanks to Guy Fieri for the shout out last night.
You mean directing ppl to you FB in tweets or having the two connected and auto-tweeting everything you post on FB?
They Be Fightin Over The Computer.
hey everyone!!! Can u please follow ??? She is the sweetest person ever! And she's also my best friend! So please follow her! :)
I'm thinking about you laying right next to me, but it sucks cause you're not really by my side.
some of the words of the BIBLE qualify as HATE SPEECH.
Dave... I'm sorry... I broke my promise to you.. again..
That is sort of an oaky afterbirth. What was that?
pshhhhhh....you and your ego
I respect you for that. That's the point I'm trying to get to.
follow me back ugly
Wait, so Tom McCall wasn't the guy who sang the trucker anthem "convoy"?
Sunday, April 15th....$15.00 off all facials. Call now for your reservation!
Slowly getting sick.
The weekend has arrived! Why not stop in for some treats before heading home to relax?
RT : so looking forward for tonight!! See u on the dance floor
So who wants some leftover McDonald's? Anyone? :D
My boyfriend knows how to take such good care of me
He did but you likely saw it on the show! "Apparently having 11 kids makes you tough as nails"
A man driving a van for Mr Nix Fix It may have kidnapped a woman the way he is driving. No joke. he seems like a total psychopath.
I have the cutest grandson!
When did the founding fathers discuss the country economy....Obama says so. I don't recall them having done so
We should stop thinking of mercy as a solely divine attribute.
As a woman I have conflicted feelings about her as well. :(
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Tweet us the school you're at & the grade & subject you teach to get a #free McCafé
email me at
Monkey see monkey do wow
Thanks for all of the work you do!!! Check and dubwise
enjoy and congrats on the new gig man!!!
excited to see John carter 3d..
#Throttled. #AT&T continues to suck. I wish I would have made the switch to when they had unlimited data.
yea I'm stoked for them, asp, tbdm, the used, of mice & men, and i might check out unwritten law :o
Agreed! Comic Sans is only "funny" up to a certain point, clearly.
Why can't we stop the war?Over 20 navy seals today and so many more of the warriors have lost their lives and for what?When do we walk away?
I'm torn up inside 😔
Busy Friday night. Steve Aoki at the Sports Arena then Snakesuit at Tin Can. What's on your agenda?
What fresh hell is this?!
In theory the radian6 folks are gonna connect me with someone that can help with the profile filtering issues
Uhh, it's Thursday!
I was in 10th grade coral gables high JROTC ,we had just got into class and our commander turned on the tv.God Bless the USA
Ready to hear some tips on #personalbranding from at meeting tonite!
cool:) you should follow me !
our optometric intern Matt will be getting LASIK tomorrow! it's his first time being a patient instead of on the operating team!
It's crazy that the supersonics was known for their defense and the thunder are known for their offensive abilities.
Damn Typos Smh
I watched the losses 2 RealMad & Chelsea again. The lack of energy was more important than opponents' tactics.
Digital Humanities and Black Studies panel is awesome.
Hey look! It's that time of night when and quote Seinfeld for 20mins.
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us! Need to win them both!
Starting to scare me in #Brewers land....
jobby? If you want external validation on your pro/con list, please let me know.
Excalibur "Your Magical Getaway Awaits You: Excalibur "Your Magical Getaway Awaits You!" *Book this special offer...
Merry Christmas!! Have an Amazing day everyone! :)
wow, our entire organization? Maybe time for BJC to get his own twitter account ;)
Two glasses of red wine gets me in the zone.
Indeed it is. :) RT : What is the deal with D.C. being so pretty?
An educated person is wise, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice, this resulting in freedom and democracy preserved and sustained
I will tell him. Is she having an open house? ARE YOU COMING TO MY OPEN HOUSE?! You need to!
Headed to the MGM! Going to become a parrot head! Jimmy Buffett time!!!
looking for the closest wig shop
Gotta love being home
Finna lay down .
Milwaukee's Beast Brewers shirts also available at Scheels Sports in Appleton, WI! go #beastmode !
Awesome day of riding the KC Watersports cable! Hitting the lake tomorrow behind the
great new look on the website.
let's get into some trouble this weekend, preferably with a glass of Pinot in hand.
“: Avatar suggestions for tomorrow? Kidd-Gilchrist, Kyle Casey are the front runners. Who else?” Gotta be MKG!!!!
"The dice don't remember" Marcea Wolf-Carter
I've read this tweet multiple times,yet,I still can't see where a #NoHomo should be added..lol..
Watching #AHS once again solely for the scene of the ever so handsome Tate, shirtless. Oh jeeze. That's the good stuff.
And I love him for that comment lol.
you need to come NEW JERSEY OR NEW YORK RIGHT NOW!♥ oh & 3 more days till, NEVER SAY NEVER DVD COMES OUT♥.
love you bro,(:
Let Chiquita speak bet it keep the peace that Lil B brrrangadang!
HI MY NAME IS JOSE I WANTED TO KNOW IF THE JONAS BROTHERS WERE GOING TO BE AT THE VMA AWARDS--
business is great and my clients are loyal and true
Haters these days... Seriously.
from facebook friend learned that churches like political groups do not have to abide by the do not call list. Alas.
nehro no other
watching & I'm so excited to see some 2nd chances!
NP: T.I.P- still ain't forgave myself!!!
we have a 50th bday party in NJ sorry to miss tree lighting and open house with the #philly women.
#AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic cert programs can be "laddered"---program can be taken into a small comm of students.
Hoping for a big night
Enough playing on the computer... Gold's Gym awaits then some football. Hard Rock for dinner tonight at the
Thanks for joining!
it's so fun lol
Hate being ignored by someone you were just talking to two days ago...
Wish the #ahml staff association's ice cream social were TODAY. I'm craving mint chip in a bad way.
Jmac must be crying in his redbull over the Real loss to Bayern Munich.
I guess it is relative. I'm just trying to figure out how I keep missing out on the summer vacation & extended holiday break.
Its a slow jam type of morning.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. ~ Thomas Edison
"You don't know how far you're going to fall until you're pushed." -Random WisePerson. WEDNESDAY! ALMOST THERE, KITTENS!! HAVE A GREAT ONE!
For real #Twins..? Tickets better come cheap when we're trolling the gutter of the league this summer.
a massage, sleep, a massage, sleep. A million dollars. Sleep. Mani/pedi. Sleep.
"Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching"-Aurora Greenway
I voted over 200 times since I got home from dance and I voted on my way home
RT : MT“: looking for a summer intern to assist with social media research. DM me! #musesocial #musetech”
not sure what happened but I restarted it a couple times and eventually got it to play. Thanks.
If I break in two, will you just pretend that two is better than one?
Shut up already!
congrats on the talk, Alex--interesting stuff, and the page representations you've created so far really are beautiful.
Money is the anthem, of success.
Don't block czechov. I can personally vouch for him
- as much as I'd enjoy some people forgetting their picks, I can't stand idly by and not tell you to make yours on
Historians are inherent hoarders.
If elise doesn't go home next week on #hellskitchen I'm never watching it again.
I have your merch,posters,pictures,songs,tweet your every day,cry for you, but then you don't even know I exsist :(
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
$2 Drinks & spinning after 8 tonight!
is 155 miles from Daytona. So tempted. But I have Disney with my family in 10 days.
I wanna listen to some Bullet For My Valentine now, good god!
lol everyone needs to relax
if that's the case, you can buy a stand and an umbrella through B&H online and trigger your flash on the stand?
Loving Christina's eyeliner!
Will your church be doing anything differently since Christmas Day is on a Sunday?
I absolutely love the joy that a bowl of applesauce brings to my 3 year old.
It took almost 115 minutes to decide it, but the Rangers prevail over the Capitals.
Almost a month without drinking ;;)
the kind of prose which you look up from in shock to find it's 2 a.m. and the book is over.
These token balls are from Choga Mish in Iran.
Tonight's quote for : "Everybody's winning." --
i approve all those choices...
Hi Katie, thanks for the RT. Cheers!
lol, thank you
I found a church, headed to Mt. Olive AME Church at 1108 Carver Street, Myrtle Beach, SC. Join me later at Broadway at the Beach @ 12:15
√Alive + √Blessed + √Free = Thanks To God
Creative Coalition backed by Mirkat & Xavier Hill founders of the team
Excited to attend 's Ready to Launch party tonight! Now, what to wear?...
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, or comments? BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. Enjoy your evening.
I guess you're my favorite too Antony.. Bitch.
Well the NEWZ sites just found out about 's release... Broke it Tuesday
Usually just the first book. Shiver series, not Wolves of Mercy Falls. is the exception: TMI and TID.
it was an epic battle! I earned my stripes! Thanks coach for showing me the way!
thanks for the follow! I will keep you in mind for future branding brainstorming and creation
First Boulder DA to ever be honored for anything!
Thanks for the mention!
You got this boys! Lets make this a winning team!
Fading into the darkness of 75 watts here, 75 watts there, another 75 watts in the hall, fading into the bright darkness...
come back already!!!
Just about everything.
Lmao you cold💨 as ice⛄
Apologies for the delay, someone should be getting back to you today or by Monday at the latest. Thanks!
well, I consider myself bipolar. -_-
#GirlsWhoCantKeepAMan Always Got Jesus!!
Looking forward to the senior pep rally on Friday!
Oh....you're not coming? :( so sad. Wish I could save you a snow cone.
You made me who I am from the words you said!!!!!
Open today 9-4 and tomorrow 10-2 for your Valentines cupcakes filled with love and topped with fresh fruit.
- What a coincidence: that comment by Camus is all-time favorite quote. I just tweeted it last Tuesday the 24th!
#Imagine you're at a Austin concert and while he is singing he suddenly stops and doesn't stop starring at you with a big smile. ♥
the world is a wacky place. We frequently try to track this issue down. Email me the query URL and raw response if you can.
Things you need in your mouth today: 2 Chicks with Chocolate Milk Chocolate Pretzel Bark. Stop in for some while it's still in stock!
i just got offline...
Wow Evelyn weak how u gone wait until she fighting already. Then that ugly side kick just want some t.v time.
ugh! Thanks for the heads up...
#saturdayadventures traveling out of the city
Any chance of picking up a third Killer Unicorns book by ? These books are so awesome!
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
You can't steal first base, but you can hit a chopper off the plate and 40 feet into the air.
of course I thought of you! ;)
Don't try to be hardcore, they'll tear you to shreds, hun.
Doubting my decision to set an alarm on my phone that's just Guy Fieri saying "That's just out of bounds flavor, brother."
Results are a little better now 65% to 34% (in favor of equal marriage), I thought this was a non issue in the UK :/
sorry...that is not doable per our usage requirements. I have plenty of web & mobile deployments with no database, plenty fast.
It's a total of approx. $640,000. $412,000 is Dem money. The rest is split among Senate Repubs and Assembly
Stew! How you been broski?! Long time no talk!
We are so excited for the weekend, and hoping the weather stays nice! We hope you all have a great weekend, too! :)
Guy: Did it hurt when you fell out of heaven? Me: No, but I did scrape my knee when I crawled out of hell. /via
Golddigging has never been my style
Thanks for following Marina. You are doing the world a great service in giving out job search knowledge. Keep up the good work!
Just fell asleep while writing my paper lawl
thanks I guess lol
still looking for money to make movie... damn film insurance!
Oh yeah- it's all in the family. I wonder who the next generation of Longhorns will love to hate...
Talk is still cheap
so do we know if the OVAs are being rolled into this rerelease?
Sucks for my brother he has class to 10:30 :p but glad his willing to take me home on his break.
Love it! RT : The next time you have writer's block, go out and DO something worth writing about.
RT :love guy who told a reporter frm atop median hes stuck on "Im used 2 driving in this" duh,right! #snowatl <-i saw that jagaloon
Damnit #Rangers. At least it's bedtime now.
Haha!!! Ron Artest gets booed every time he has the ball. Now he know s better then to mess with OKC. We go hard!!!!
Making pretty type pictures.
u may need to smoke b4 u go to sleep lol .. i heard ppl sleep better afterward idk cuz i dnt smoke
Daniel Murphy giveth, Daniel Murphy taketh away.
Great job !
Welcome to Der Weinerschnitzel, may I take your order please? Yeah I want:
Million Dollar Idea: Bobby V. smiling face pinatas.
we are already counting down the days !! > RT : Big Night DC was even better than last year. Next year, you know where I'll be.
Haha - did you read the article? It is just sarcasm. EVERYONE needs to buy the new iPad.
so to sum things up. Me n Jake are having a gay affair. And cat just said u n her r haven a
Is there a social responsibility to let dudes wandering with shovels shovel your sidewalk for a few bucks?
thx hope everything is ok
Wow, that worked... maybe she follows me?
Venturing away from Charles Street to try out coworking in Fells Point today at
The Droid crying TV ad is enough to make me never buy a Droid
Let's not panic about losing someone...
The Arnold Palmer . Iced T and lemonade
We have a some exciting shows to tell you about real soon. 2012 is going to be fun!
when you mistake jenni for jimmy
You're welcome! Have a great weekend RT : Hi Jay. Thanks for following.
It would make my day if #oomf texted me first once in a while
Peace be still
Heading out to see "The Watchmen". Go commerce!
Cheers #NYR ! I drink to u tonight!
Thanks. :) I definitely will!
are you ok please tweet back if you are . i hear its bad down there right know
My baby's all grown up and getting a twitter account! Follow for fun old photos and news on history happenings in Philly.
#survivor I almost hope Russell gets to the end again and looses so he'll keep coming back. Survivor+Russel=win!
16-2 run for BOS. RT #Sixers start the second half missing their first six shots. They have made 4 shots in their last 21 attempts
indigestion gives me killer impressive burps, I just have to remember to stop accentuating them while at work. Not socially correct.
such a challenge when our critters are sick. I'd rather it was me than them. Sending get well wishes!
- You got it. I'm looking forward to being there Alan
you're one of those people!
Yea it is! U got the idea from #teamexotica bebe! Lol
I would probably read more, but sometimes the people watching is just too good to miss on public transit!
And apparently it's "bras off" for the ladies. Usually within 15 minutes of getting home.
A recent vote on Talkbiznow.com said that Gordon Brown should step down - do you agree?
hey i celebrating it's one year anniversary. A raffle every week! Please RT:)
#astd2012 - last session of the day! Brain Fitness. Standing room only. There are about 40 people sitting on the floor in back. Exciting
The most perfect way to end my night <3
I think Chicago is currently surpassing Seattle on dreary, rainy weather. It's gross here.
Finally got Mass Effect 3!
Apple Spice Denver wishes you peace, joy, happiness, success and great food this year!
ok ma
Just call him The Film Guy.
Why didnt u write story on 77 Brandy Grissom? U hate that NOrma & would have done better story than that Julian. U R my FRIEND!
cant fucking stand my brothers. How someone could be so disrespectful to their own family, who does EVERYTHING for them, is beyond me.
RT - 50% off ALL assorted dozens at the 5th Avenue Top Pot Cafe until closing!
So Mario is just doing this without getting donations for a food bank, or some other food program?
Ha! I was just about to tell you that I'm just waiting up for the idiot to get home.
“: #np Grand Verbalizer #Sisssssssssy!” <-- just started runnin down that whole third verse in my head lol
ur a good man Charlie brown!
: Some news orgs view RT as endorsement, but I don't think people assume endorsement. I've never had anyone get confused.
ah, ok. Some folks do that by writing their own drivers ;)
that's very true my friend.
I'm recordng special w/ Sugarland tonite, hoping 4 glimpse of Casey James. Thats another cd I'm looking forward 2. Country/rock/blues ftw!.
Clearly you have debated with Skip. :) Voice of experience.
Thanks for the intro!
Thursday's good for me. I just got my work schedule today.
where you going? :o
People were created to be loved. Things were created to be used. Ironically, in reality, things are being loved & people are being used.
I WILL! :D
Waking up at 5:30 isn't so bad! I'm doing great! Haha, just kidding, I feel awful.
i miss my buddy #RickJames ...man we had some good times..
depression, low self esteem, and poor support system
Allergies clearing up but Caps lose series, dang the cosmic balances!
I've been reduced to only 1 computer today! Productivity is frustratingly low.
Do U know any 1 in Mpls-St.P working on Squarespace Websites? A friend's NonProfit is looking for design help. Ping me if you can help him!
You've got to start them young!
Where's the show about my students who have little parent help - emotional or financial?
You ok mate?
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#why is #Missouri trying to prove it has the dumbest law-makers in nation? Thank God #ScottWalker isn't the governor!
I was expecting to blow up my timeline today on her drive to but she must be sleeping the whole way... poor
I think my neighbors kill people for a living... :0
watching record
crazy and sketchy
Henry, that letter was heavy! Thanks for posting it. Cheers!
Sign of the Day: "Thompson Station Meth Church" - looks like they're serving up more than Jesus:)
I do like DreamHost.
Any #CampusChat regulars lurking tonight? Have you thought much about special dietary needs and college selection together?
youre so fake.
bring me my ciiigs!
Thanks, btw, there's something wrong with your website, it gives me a "Error establishing a database connection"
For real tho Mike Brown looks like he should be doing security out in front of roscos
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
ASDFGHNJMKL; BUT ITS HARD AS NICKYBALLZ
If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today. Monday calls for it.
i completely understand!
I keep hoping we'd get adopted by a more functional Norwalk ;)
RT Getting stoked that our #SharePoint2010 video on taxonomy Term Store Management coming out soon with
writng n getting ready to lay these trks down
Man it would be a dream come true if retweeted me, a native Chicagoan!!! Love your show Jimmy!
not going to be lazy anymore.. gym time
just came onstage to devil is a lady
happy birthday ;P
we'll be at Monday's game. Only one I can make. You?
but in my mind i whisper every single word you say.....
thank you for saving the letter!
Well, tell them to stop insuling Jews & Christians and we'll stop insulting islam. Sounds fair to me
on Metadata: every part of a publishing house contributes to metadata and each is responsible to every other part.
'Kidnapping' is such a strong word. I like to think of it as 'Surprise Adoption'.
#edu11 Interesting comparison between adoption of online banking and online learning by William Pepicello, President of Univ of Phoenix.
Thank you all for the #FF, enjoy your weekend!!!
i lost my voice and cant sing. wish me well <3
so excited to see the work you've done!
Girls with big plugs...biggest turn on.
definitely! This country is too politically correct. It's annoying!
i like music more than i like most people.
You keep rewinding and playing yourself all over again. I'm sick of the same routine~Beyonce Lines owww
naturally! when did you start doing music??? I want to know more :)
I'm at a bar right now and all I can think about are my last four pages of Catching Fire sitting in the car.
TOMORROW AT NOON: Baked appreciation day begins! Come in shop between noon and sunset for FREE COOKIES! Omnomnoms. Please RT!
just wondering what's going down!
You can't hate on D Rose first game back and he scores 29 points. Just because he missed some dosent mean he's bad. Our defense wasn't there
Why do write in english if you from Chile?
is attending a meet/greet in the ward and then speaking at Northside DFA tonight.
And more TDL libraries to follow for #followalibrary day: Who are we missing?
Awesome. I'm planning to under the #MAA2012 tag. :-)
Agreed. I see email as the notification system that pulls members into community discussions.
": Having one hand in your pants and one on remote. #GuyThing” rule: you can't switch which hand does which job.
idk u pick something my homie
In the studio quite a bit.Need to get out.
On my research for voice recognition s/w came across products:"MeMeMe","Shout Out,"GoVivace","Jeannie",Dragon & TellMe.
no shit the whole world thinks we r weird cuz u keep posting them! 😖
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
If someone broke your heart, you'll be dead..
You really do lack brian cells.
I said the same last week. I know there will be bad weeks between now and 11/6, but right now it "feels" like summer of 2010.
nun just on here and listening to music
B.A.D. = BAD ASS DOOBIES
I was dissecting a frog :D and u
So, Avengers...yeah, agreed. More, please.
new twitter :) now i need followers
2 hour and 27 min delay for the Indians and Angels as the game finally gets started.
Western Governor University Texas - a new pathway in TX to an affordable degree.
calling you tomorrow
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Lets go to the beach beach lets go get away
And that's when we rely on Auntie Betsy to help us contain the flying peas!
Thanks for coming in. RT : Great event. Truck Stop by a tasty brew, worth the trip to
Just had a meeting w/the folks over at - Excited for our upcoming/joint career fair April 10th! Great opp for job-seekers
Thank you! Yes I did. I had a good time!!
Judge Baer just admitted Jonathan Band to represent ARL, ALA, and ACRL as amici in the #AGvHT case against libraries. Brief coming soon.
It is time to move past pure utopianism & discuss the nuts & bolts of sustainable digital scholarship. Indexing, hosting, editing all cost $
haha!!! Yea exactly! Only I would never go thru his FB photos. He's forever blocked!
thanks for following. Put your seatbelt on
"Courage 336" was a high energy dance piece! Thanks Andreu Honeycutt, Loren Bray, and Ben Arden for their work!
Just in time for holiday shopping, #FF -- it looks like the 1-stop place for all the deals in San Diego.
RT : She will never be forgotten as one of the greatest voices to ever grace the earth.
Sounds like we have options, but not great options and they'll have no choice at some point. Probably post-ASB.
too bad they can't put the dancing baby from the 90s or some other character on the screen when they talk
Haha. I thought it was Pooh.
I have to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time.
the corresponding TP song, that is ("only you"), not Eddie's impersonation, although 'comedian' is fierce. Gunny goo-hoo!
What would that Justice look like?
Just called my mom to tell her the bad news about MCA. I'm going to air the call in a few minutes...
More followers, please!
Who's ready for some irrational yelling in my house?
Followed back bro.
mayne i went to stallions and got so drunk i went to rap and a bunch of whoopty whoo came out lmfao, .... wow.
well let me know :)
Working on score for horror short. Director suggested watching "Drag Me To Hell" for research. Best research ever.
hahaha it's friday friday gettin down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend
and Obama's dead what a day
Broke as a joke #dealbreaker -____-
jair is coming to my house c:
Can't wait for 2012 ;)
Has anyone heard of any great Breast Cancer Awareness events in NOLA this month?
Never ask a question if you're not going to listen to the answer.
Me too!
2 receive offer u must eligibility requir, comp survey, comp 9 Offers as stated Terms & Cond, not cancel in 2 Offers in 30ds
so anxious is better
Mortgage Delinquencies Improve for Fifth Straight Quarter: TransUnion
...umm, I miss your tweets... where are you?
I wanna start over & take things slow & make u mine again .
- Awesome! Can you disclose the nature of this app? I am interested in the process from DPS to iTunes.
The HEAT will rise from the flames!! (i hope lol)
Rain, rain, go away!
Life is not waiting for an ACE- Life is playing the hand dealt- InSpotter app
Hey well meaning people: If you add me to an email list without my permission, you are a spammer. Even if I can opt-out. Even if you're nice
I love you, easy as that!
GM TWITTER PPL ugh at skool posted til class startz
smoke i sent u more questions to your DM, can u reply back with ur answers
"Our Checks are going to Bounce, and that's a bigger problem than what we're facing right now" Go
"I never got this far in my dreams" -Bubba Watson
Additional morning session! Jamie McDonald of on social entrepreneurship in rm 431
Where are your favorite boutiques in Minneapolis?
Better networking opportunities after the event than before.
. has just started watching the Lord of the Rings. All 11 hours of them.
Having some Irish coffee on the deck. Beautiful morning!
1D means ONE DIRECTION
We bleed black. Do you?
That one of your quotes?
Always be smarter than the people who hire you
#ItsCuteWhen I give you a certain look and only you know exactly what I mean
My life may be a mess , but I wouldn't trade one thing about it.
Wow. I got double-mentioned. Thanks! :)
RT : In 2012, by grace, I will: - Unplug more - Connect more - Give more - Laugh more - Run more ... than previous years.
Sigh. School. There's a lot of work to be done. This bus ride from the West side actually helps. I can get my reading done. 58th street ...
after Enders Game comes Enders Shadow.
The new kid in my classess>> HILARIOUS.
I don't feel good wish I missed today and not yesterday
Huge success - we raised $1000 for ARNO! Thanks again.
#Heat losses are staring to feel almost as good as #Yankees losses. Let's go #Pacers!
Hey guys if you want a tshirt or demo cd text us at 7622076500 and we can meet up!!! :)
RT : Were creating a collaborative google doc using student poetry.
when you actually love life..♥
i shall live tweet icarly in an hour. beware of explosions
Did someone turn up the heat? Stop by Dave and Andy’s cool off with your favorite frozen treat!
“: Im signing all shirts today!!!!” just ordered my shirts
I need a prom dress shopping buddy. My mom's being bitchy & all my friends got theirs over break. Awesome. Thanks guys.
Neighborhood Pick: Tomorrow is the day- opens exhibit honoring style icon Daphne Guinness' w coveted couture, jewelry & shoes!
Good nite my followers
I like how is moderating this panel with #realPeople at
not yet.
Listening to oldies and 'officially missing you' on repeat to fall asleep ;3
can u reply and follow please :D
I know!! They need more clothes.
<3 you guys so much! <3
you both need more hugs;)
Your performance >
hey are you home??
Next Tuesday, we are having a very special Mom Show in B Rip! 15 local comics compete for a spot on TV! Its FREE if u RT this and RSVP. 8:30
21 days left till is here in Houston
first attempt at dal is in the slow cooker. we'll see how this goes.
Goin to get jr. Studio later on. Man its been too long!
god morning! just finished full primary series after teaching--feels good, first time in a long while!
shoulda got the lamb ribs. Divine.
back in seattle, cant wait to go out and look at the sakura, but, OH WAIT, ITS SEATTLE! ITS RAINING!
Thanks Dalton for sharing!!!
Many Thanks for the Say-n-Play sale RT!
yay I hate this class
yes u do miss lady
I have no idea. I still think the lettuce was poisoned.
even though you came in due to injury, you played amazing. keep it up!
Ask "why did the offense slow the tempo when it was 1st and goal from the 2?" Momentum totally changed at that point.
when are you all going to Powerhouse?
For all the opprobrium that the EU is gathering from PIIGS, it did make it much easier to emigrate to Germany.
Charlie Sheen made those idiots $1.5B in net profits from his show. Are they nuts to fire him? Boycott Time-Warner, Inc. Fire their CEO
Yes and I guess I followed you a long time ago. Cause I don't think I've just recently followed you.
ha! does that mean you're plowing through?
Well won't be talking to them for a week :/
Cheers, Drink to that <3.
I have the best friends in the whole world.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): GoAnimate Unveils New Political Characters and Backgrounds
Lutisha call me! Gonna get you at 4:15
Lol yea it is so glad that i finally got to watch it i've been waiting 4 a long Time.....,
"What care I how time advances? I'm drinking ale today." - Edgar Allen Poe
love the casino!!!
I love #Sade. There, I admitted it.
love u!
For a person who didn't test allergic to local pollens, I certainly am having a hard time with nature today... sniff.
On a serious note, hope this doesn't cause more ticket scams. Has been terrible on craigslist . . .
Just smoked my first cigarette...getting ready for Paris!
PHIL OF TBE FUTURE IS GAY?! I WANT.
WORST. SEVEREWEATHER. EVER.
Yummy! RT: I just made green tea hot coco from scratch... AH-mazing. An acquired taste, but it just hits the spot. :)
Learn history. 1962 ward 8 was 80% white.By the mid 70's it was 80% black. Do u know why it changed?
Sometimes, I think music would really spice up the reading room. I'd like to hear Aretha Franklin in there.
how long is she going to be there for I get off at 430 !
Who all is going to Coachella this weekend?
just finished the last of 7 full pages of math homework which i've been working on since last thurs... yayyyy
"We shall meet in a place where there is no darkness and we will fight in the light." metalgasm
Nigga im satan's son
Thanks & for the sharing the Jessica Alba look for less & ' Family & Friends Sale details :)
Sure, HTML would be the most accessible option.
I have trouble picturing you scared. ;-)
Absolutely! Have them email me.
Just had my first shave...
Awesome name ": Today in 1960s Baseball: Indians beat Orioles 1-0 in 15; Frank Funk pitches 7 scoreless relief innings (1961)"
I was just listening to 2Pac this morning! What a beautiful poet you helped create! One Love! xoxo
If i was afraid of death, there's no way I would do the shit I do
- Love's stomp was bad. But Love doesn't have history of bad behavior like MWP does so I expect NBA will rule accordingly.
Thank you - just sent you DM.
Facebook Listen button is going to sting for many music apps
We don't have to go all the way, we'll just lie here and hold each other.
RT : Had a blast at last night. The storm was incredibly metal; too bad Austinites melt in the rain.
The traces that remain from telling those stories - the markings that remain - are what get left behind.
Awesome, gotta admit, that's part of what made me decide you were my favorite :P
Carl the Consistent.
There are lots of questions developers have that can be answered by working with the actual hardware
heard great things about 10 Sites to Engage. Wish I could have been there!
welcome- we love new members!RT : Joined the yesterday!
Quite frankly, I understand. I'm sick of those wanton cock tease table legs! Hand-turned. Ball and claw. Excuse me, I'm off to fuck a table.
not sure how long our set is there but we will be closing the show on that date!
click on tha link
stomach hurt...
fascinating what stirs you out of your twitter slumber. see you again next year. :-)
ahha weird! small world indeed! thanks a lot! how are you?
we still goin out tonight?
Coming to the end of Day 5 of #sony Service Watch. Learned today #sony's norm for a call from servicer is 7 days? Very Unacceptable...
no I didn't get in :(
lol what's temple run? and how do i not know of this?
Translation "Philly fans are bitter and choose to take it out on a A pitcher with an ERA over 5"
Thanks Yeah, We're stoked to open for Randy Rogers Band! Come out and say hey.
YOUR NIGHT HAS BEEN PLANNED. SEE YOU AT 9:30 IN iO WEST'S DEL CLOSE THEATER.
a Saturday night spent in the house -_____- <<<<<
did the fire csmause power outage
Yeah, it is one of their "partners" according to a slide in the session.
Irish Whiskey with 0.7% share of the control states spirits market was the fastest growing category with 20.6% and a 12 month trend of 18.5%
After careful consideration, only real questions I have about #Brewers now is what bat they'll trade for, and when.
$3.00 bud light & Coors light cans all night!!! $13.95 Homemade chicken pot pie dinner special.
Y E S. #dislikebutton indeed.
But I'm going to see the Someone-who-should-not-be. May get my Bathory on tonight.
Sneak dissers, that's tha shit I don't like!
Difference is,I CAN get married,but if some1 were 2 tell me I couldn't I wud b furious bcuz who is any1 2 tell me! Jus really pisses me off!
Went to Vanilla Bake Shop...Love the Black Raspberry Cupcake, a creamy fruity center.
<3 U RT : Happy valentines day to my Favs at ! Luv you guys so much!
RT #Goog+ less social more about having people use full circle of apps: think collaboration
there is snow falling in haymarket
when i clean my room i find everything!!!
And it's just another boring night in langhorne
burned 250 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
#WhatIMissMost coin operated pay phones.
Thanks so much for the follow. Impressive blog! Congrats on Dark C A R M A.
you said you wanted to spend the rest of your life with me
are you going to Sasquatch this year?!
self deprecating tweet.
aww good luck to u too! and thanks =)
What book(s) are you reading this month?
Getting my hair styled after a haircut: "You like a lot of volume in your hair, right?" me-"yes" *pulls out flat-iron* ...waitaminute...
I am not a great romantic but yet, I yearn for affection.
thanks 4 following.
Heading to Plymouth, WI on Saturday night ! Playing at Wild Shots, cheers !! 9pm
Spoke 2 design school students on what makes good exhibition catalogue. Top skill: pretending 2 know what makes good exhibition catalogue.
Baby you showed me what living is for. I don't wanna hide anymore. <3
happy holidays Michael
we can do this!
11:16pm. debating making some coffee.. its like being in college.. Would be better with my Hollins ladies here!
Pflugerville HS Senior is arrested for making terroristic threats against the school. Police say he bragged about the incident.
hahaha! Could you hear me?
once heard someone order a fajita using the j from junk and the i from chai
Finally getting round to updating the web site..all very exciting.
haha I know! Who knows if he even works there anymore!
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
Assumption freshmen step up on pitch
Damn she even has on mitch match shoes lmao oh man this shit is too damn funny.
Kudos to Communication Professor and Director of International Programs for joining the twitter world.
"Don't dream it. Be it." -Richard O' Brien
Couldn't sleep. Thinking about work too much.
Congrats to the Netherlands today, those goals were beautiful.
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
i like people who smell good
Seven lighted, hard surface tennis courts are located on the east side of the Fitness Center.
Thanks for the mention!
Dying while giving birth
The Norm Macdonald/Hitler mustache bit was hilarious. Great job today on Rome.
I really hope whoever invented Peanut Butter and Jelly in the same jar is loaded and smoking a big fat cigar right now
thanks for the clarification - yah, there are BUYERS out there, and sellers too...what recession???
Still at the station, should be back around 11.
where? how?
Eh, not now. I'm trying to stop being frustrated & try to get my mind off of this. But it's hard since I feel super hurt . .
#lovegettingtold you've got mail. I still like for my computer to be friendly from time to time.
Got those work outfits
"Life is too short to stress about pointless crap." The wisdom of Mr.Schuett
Shitty waitress @ brunchies. I mean she's trainin someone & they're helpin all of their tables cept for ours.. I mean damn there's 2 of em!
Cards are back in the air
Really impressed w/ & his improvement. Any school worried about his size is missing his heart, leadership & he's a winner
Good principals would tell teacher to create cool lessons and let the tests take care of themselves.
Mad Men, a quilt binding, ice water. My Monday night is WILD!
“: I c lightning.. ⚡☔ gonna be a rainy night :/” the sun will come out tomorrow(:
Is it supposed to rain?
": per OSU, 40,000 tix have been sold for the spring game. The State Up North only had 25,000 at their spring game #Buckeyes"
never heard of him...self rebranding time. Get used to it.
still cloudy and rainy in Sactown. #wtf? it *is* may correct!?
Heading home to make stir-fry and debate implications of Emanuel decision w H
TONIGHT WE GONE TURN UP FOR BDAY BASH AT ELIXER!! #EnvyMeEnt & #SavageLifeEnt IS IN THE BUILDING!!! YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!!!
you should be on your dads show as a contestant! youd kick ass
Fruits and veggies from the coop, check. Tomato soup, broccoli soup, and veggie soup, check. #Saturday =
it makes no damn sense!!
I will be wearing mine too
We started working on 17 new jobs this week alone. Thanks Milwaukee and surrounding areas for allowing us to serv you.
Feel so overwhelmed with everything
We live in Lauraville, work in Arlington, and play all over this city! We love it here!
'Stay hungry, stay foolish'
I love my auntie. She just dropped me off a care package :)
Don't the #Pens see how bad Bryzgalov is? They should fire every single puck to the net from every angle. He is as clueless as Fleury.
Less then 10 hours of sleep in 3 days, makes me think Jack is turning into a zombie.
....and the exhaustion sets in....💤
Is that #Jupiter I see out tonight?
hey! I heard the wonderful news! Yay! So exciting!!! Finally, fate has intertwined! Trumpets shall sound when at last we meet.
So my future CEO comes home today. I'm excited to share many new investment strategies with him.
hehe, u add me on facebook?
Hey people I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful ! Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
That's very cool!
2mi @ 8:22/mi. (including re-tying one set of shoelaces)
I miss you...:| just scared to say it.
just sent you an email
I'm addicted to Whuuuuueat Thins BBQ flavor!
I don't want to get up 
wallie tweets we had a good meeting last night actually. Talk to tank 357 for details or email with any ?s
Great concert, love your two step! Thank you from the Chicago Mudd office !
Paulina Porizkova - Photos | Images Wide Art
talking about #OSM brite and new design for gorgeous maps.
Currently RT : Rondo is still dribbling....
Glad it worked out. I know we had some email issues. Thanks for coming!
Jesus enters Safeco
The calm before the storm. Headed 2 the Tempe, AZ Improv 4 my shows this weekend. If u luv 2 laff stop by
Hey!! Not much, just workin. We need to get together soon, I need to hear how your book is coming.
who said i was judging
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
GET RO TO 90,000 TODAY! Spread the word! #Robotz lets do this! :)
Now Playing ♪ Bluebird by
Really HLN, custody battle over a dog is "Prime News?"
GIVE ME RIVERA
good to hear, let's keep the pressure on
Gus Johnson is doing Madden 12...make sure you have the volume turned down before starting up the game.
I-75 southbound between Exit 159-KY 22 and Mile Point 160 north of Scott County. All lanes are blocked. Detour planned. 5 hours delay.
The future of humanity will be decided not by relations between nations, but by relations between women and men. -- DH Lawrence
i swear my dad catches the only attitude.
Lots of interest in crowdsourcing--follow along on the Ggl doc.
2010 resolution. Create my own work and stop letting others create it for me.
why do these types of movies always use the same shitty fonts to tell us we're in a different place? I guess helvetica isn't dramatic enough
Congrats to for earning December "Intern of Month" honors.
Keeping her ear to the ground, always.
Well that explains the smell of beer.
He tweeted that after talking about trip to White House. Don't think it means anything negative.
oh my god im so sick of fighting with you im over this. please stop messaging me leave me alone!
off to cucuta, colombia.. \☺/
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Beautiful website by the way!
Harry's butt (____|____) haha this girl who was looking at a magazine drew it when I was in the store
:D i love austin so much!!!
Hi Shannon
Miami's baksetball coach is an angry, angry man
Mom cleaned my room and did my laundry. Benefits of living at home at 25
Is the Washington Post really asking "Should we build a Death Star?" I think we already know the answer.
I need to calm down... Goodnight..</3
I simply run on my own time
Today my son here his wisdom teeth cut out...ugh......
Playing at Andrew and Jakes old high school tomorrow!
richie farmer's not doing anything
Can't sleep and getting new headshots this morning. Hopefully the dark circles can be covered with makeup. :(
Just had the best caramel frap..I want another <3 ☕
My boyfriend, Jonny Orsini gives a wonderful performance in #EarlyHistoryofFire at Meryl Streep said so!
You can take what's yours, but don't you dare take what's mine.
#onmywishlist is sailing in the BVI
Hell yea, call him out kathie.
Love the list by Willis: 1. nexus of forms, 2. literacy crises, 3. reading and writing, 4. picturing crisis, 5. scholarly potential
Going tomorrow after work, finally.
:) thanks Sir.
#Diemonds by is gonna be #SummerKickOffSong. Fuckin' love it!
#furchat I also have seen people use the anxiety excuse to have a "service animal" which i think is a fabulous idea, teehee :P
Thanks for the follow !
hahaha too true. Too bad it doesn't get out the wrinkles.
how was ur day?
RT : They say everything BIGGER N Texas does that mean wetter too!? #WetDreams find out may 25th
Today I had a great meeting with an agent and he right away signed me! :)
Will do
eChalk is sharing the love at eTech Ohio 2012! Stop by booth 741 for demos, to view sample websites and more!
Fuck ya feelings though...
Get your heads in the game and quit standing around!!!!! WTF!!
I'm feelin' the need for speed
Recovering from an awesome day of Solstice celebrating with many amazing people. So grateful for community.
Happy New Year everyone! I'd love to hear some of your resolutions!
#amexzappos new Amex twitter sync allows for instant coupons...learned that at
Before the sex pop off I rub his back :-)
I've had a great day off
Cars broke down at Walmart. Bout to run in the woods and have works raise me for 5 years
No, except it's ETHIOPIA!
This Diesel is ferocious.
i am doing ok. it is raining like crazy in
Starting now or for the last 24?
"The mistakes that are made now are made for all time." —Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us
#election #fraud in #Russia? most likely
she started it...
is the guy down the street ? Cuz then it's less cool
I'm pissin on ur ego!
MT : #elpasoans showed their collective will to not have #austin dictate neither future nor identity. Leadership w/ action = results.
At this point in the game it's pretty hard to actually study- which is why I have turned to Twitter
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 6
Is it still raining real hard in Houston? If it is I wonder if it's headed this way?
do u remember me 1st of all?
He lies. She cries. He's not sorry, but he apologizes. She complains, he doesn't change. But yet, she still stays.
for chocolates, beer and porcelain, of course. and wooden clogs.
why did you stop uploading your videos to Youtube?
I knew it! Are you friends with AMH?
Buford based Okabashi shoes celebrates 25 years of comfort sandals, slides and flip-flops for men, women, and kids. www.okabashi.com/25.
pasting a link to the new movement dr robotnik song in 15 mins
Sorry to hear you're experiencing problems with your computer. Have u tried reaching out to ?
All the while trying to keep my Spirit from breaking... Continued next tweet
Have you ever "Spring Cleaned" your finances and budget? Put it on your calendar, especially if the idea scared you.
I can read people ....
Today's #Super smoothie: Celery, cucumber, pears, 1 strawberry, orange wedge,grapes, 4 oz yogurt &1/2 c water! Blend & enjoy! (some frozen)
they've played UK tough this season. They've come a long way from losing to Cleveland St
I be could be his perfect girl but it's not the perfect time..
without precondition....Obama cracking up! Love it!
. . . to get it out of your head and onto a piece of paper.
Can I pay in tessarae?
My guess would be american standard - seafood, steaks, chicken, pork, excellent salads, maybe light pasta dish, wine!
Canker sores are the worst! I have had several the past few weeks. Wish I could figure out what is causing them.
Dat Will See If I Really Was On His Mind
Hearing the words & wisdom of Mr.Malcom X @ the Schomburg .
Having school on good Friday.
Perfect Fit! RT We have selected David DeCastro, guard from Stanford in the first round.
Colts will win by 7 points today and it should be a really good game. Be careful what you eat and stay below 3,000 calories if possible.
Writing a literature review is a lot harder than it looks.
I'm too mad to tweet right now smfh
About time Knicks...
Hey Coach! What is Coach Wilson's twitter?
DO U?! RT #IAlwaysWonderIf MGK isever going to tell whether he watched dragonball z or not
. Did someone say vodka!? "I put that shit in everything."
Truth: I would rather try to carry ten plastic bags of groceries in each hand than take two trips to bring in my groceries.
We can be together, or we can give eachother space. The night young, we should head over to my place.
LMAO @ the lakers. If they lose, black twitter is gonna go insane.
smh “: Wasted sitting outside of Copa and it's about to rain wtf”
ah yes
Wade & Lebron Can't spell HEAT without HATE!
This big black guy is teaching my "booty bouncin workouts" at the gym right now... Don't know whether to be amused or scared. #bootywork!
Its opening night!!!
i forget i have a facebook at times. i don't use / view it too often.
5pm tailgate on Saturday
Don’t look for opportunities, instead look for problems; the solutions to those problems will be your opportunities
did u see appointment of carol Wallace to customer advisory board? We just issued release.
LMAO! your mass hungry...here we go again lol
Live Webcast - September 1st. Iridium Jazz Club - EST- shows 8
I'll have to wait until I have speakers. Nuts.
That moment when you realize you're missing the season finale & you forgot to DVR it. 😔
I did not wear a blazer.
#JayZSyncShow son do you know what I'm stopping you for?
I have great vision but I don't see a failure.
Sweet dreams. Get well soon... ;) RT Good night!
": hey what's going on?? oh & I want to see Nia tomorrow- we'll be home
I have a bird and a spider... do I qualify?
Yum <3 Nate Archibald
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 1st. Still no score after 1 complete.
Because I am almost the two-millionth fan of I demand that they release the 1984 playoffs on DVD
come join us Friday night for 1st Friday @ 3 little birds salon 7-10pm
Landed in Chicago. Headed to ASTD in the am
Thank you!
Affordable shared and private office space for rent. Let me give you a tour, we have the largest art gallery in San Diego!
Father time, he's not the boss of me ... Clock out, father time!!
Is the emphasis on "wake up" or "morning"?
but eye like those spikes
FRIDAY MARCH 9th at , Copperheads/Chapter24/White Mystery/Night Beats! RT and tell all yer friends, you won't wanna miss it!
Welcome to twitter!
Reading -____- I hate school
Still hard for me to believe that is only 17 haha :)
aright. Ima do it. Haha it's telling someone I like them
Thanks for the RT!
Love our new profile pic, pops out in my Tweetdeck view
True story, 's eye brow lady is in the office today setting up shop.
YES YES YES YES THIS IS WHY WE DONT BUNT
i love how much you have changed you have always and will always be beautiful inside and out.
It's Friday...which seat will you choose? The back...or front?
I know what means!
The Times (London) digital archive is sweet! Read an 1833 court case article surrounding The History of Mary Prince: A West Indian Slave...
Finally getting the hang of Git although I haven't used all of the commands yet.
Anyone have good photos of insect damage on archival collections? I could really use some illustrations for a presentation.
Tell Metta World Peace to show Ty Lawson some of that "elbow love"
Oh and church was awesome!! I want that painting!!
Be assured that any worthwhile action will create change and attract support. – Philip Marvin
how about you just buy an ac? lol
Do you really think Justin Bieber is the father of that 20 year old women baby?
Headed to Hanlees Been trying to get them to make good on our contract. A month later, nothing.
from one coloradian to an other I think you are the best looking woman in the wwe
Was good to hear you on Austin Radio the other day, Rob. Hope you and the fam are doing well despite assumed shortage of TexMex.
All good things must come to an end! :(
#2012c19 here we come!
I had a #Reds fan refer to me, as a #Brewer fan, as a Hillbilly. Not sure how to respond to that.
i am happy to say i got some good sleep
Im so.exited hunger games is here
You're welcome! Just discovered your operation and found it much of it pertinent to our own efforts.
Pete do you feel that green bay can turn that defense around? Will they be able to improve the pass rush?
lol gotta tell my meme i did something way out of the ordinary
If I can't go to a store and brag about stealing gum the day before, then what's the point in stealing gum? WTF
ikr they are
"Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of #love. -
very funny LOL
I read when it first came out and loved them! Reminded me of the bookThe Most Dangerous Game
you are a fucking dick head and I am reporting you to twitter. i'm 100% sure it was you, if now, it was
MON @ THE SMILING MOOSE = OPEN @ 2pm! 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE!
aw thank you so much, i love you guys too :) <3
have fun recording your new album! I'm sure it's going to be amazing.
O's passed on chance to draft the TOP RATED player, Anthony Rendon .... SMART MOVE !!!!
negative. we do stories on them.
waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought, useless and disappointing. #cinderellastory <3
BREWERS!! Always feels good to put up a crooked number in the 1st.
RT: Weather here in #orlando is great and is even better, thanks for everything!
Looking for a place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday? Look no further - is where the party's at!
We should have a meal before or after the play on Sunday!
anyone want to go to Elsa's tonight to jack LaRussa in the face?
Britney Spears' 'Till The World Ends' Video: The Key Scene
New southpark tonight though ,yeah#
San Diego, California Weather :: 69F A FEW CLOUDS: 69F A FEW CLOUDS
I have them all on VHS. The Sum of Us is also good and stars Russel Crowe before anyone here knew who he was.
I'm busy all week! :(
Working on it! :) ": Heey! I've heard some of your covers and I love them! Have you recorded any own songs??"
#prsun - Meeting at Joe's Place this p.m. with the PRSUN 10th anniversary committee. )
Do something this year! Get involved with us - we want to change the world with you.
Got to renew my love for burning paint off of woodwork yesterday. What will I do when there's no more woodwork left to strip in my house?
Thanks back. Interesting product. I shall list it on my site for author services. Take care.
Just not into manifest destiny.
Good Morning Atlanta, What did everyone do this weekend?
hows everyone today?
You didnt understand what i could be, everything i was you couldnt see. So let me ask u how do u like me now? ;)
February specials will be here soon! What are you hoping your Valentine gives you?
Maybe a Frank's Red Hot/ Ketchup mix?
Really think Blaker Parker is due his shot, sure to come in the next couple months
Lot's of exciting things brewing in Invizio land. Be on the lookout!
This would be awful loss... Up 24 at one point, at home, crowd amped... Gotta finish
uGH WHY ME?!
Wishing you and your loved ones a very Merry Christmas!
Wow...just showed Pence of Astros hugging players and he leaves because he is traded. He is gone in the middle of the game!
Your new pic is fun.
did my sis start woekin on that track?
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
EXCITED for NY and the #webbys!
only saying words like "yep" "okay" "yea" "sure" "no" "nope" and "love you too" when talking on the phone with your mom
I ordered $20 worth of food for myself just so I could get a burger delivered. I'll blame it on delirium from my fever.
Oh! It's 8/3, right? I think I just might swing it. Maybe if we petition Stevie, you two can have a fan dance face off, yes?!
I <3 you!!!! Thanks for coming to are me while I was in my "coma" ;)
why u so amazin
great meeting you at the bottom of the elevator at the hotel homie, small world from rok vegas gigs to now. Hollar if you in lv
*celebratory dance* Yes!!!
Thanks! We're very proud to have the support of NYC as we encourage healthy lifestyles through sport and fitness.
Nothing! I've burned 8-Ks and 10-Qs for fuel. Once drank an annual report. RT Gave myself a papercut on a 10-K
We miss you so very much! RT : Even if I can't actually be AT I can have a little of it here.
Kk omg I need help so bad
oh sorry. it was two images of pope benedict and emperor palpatine. they look exactly alike.
Catherine Tate on The Office! Wizard!
Showing Wake Up Wiser with APIs Small business brain food at start of day. #reinventlocal. puppies nice touch
I'm like a kid in a candy store looking for that perfect piece of candy, then you came along and became the sweetest thing in my world.
Having a sing song in the park with
The egg men say that in your Grade A dozen there's a tolerance of 2 or 3 Grade B eggs. We've been eating them all the time! [1944]
biyombo or boozer wit da spray paint
Going to Summit? Ryan getting one too?
If I can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather not be in it...#true story
Smoking cigarettes is gross.
follow yours truly
That awkward moment when someone asks you what’s wrong and they’re the problem.
Cowboys miss the 1st, & 2nd is good....
that's not a fair comparison because he had way better shoes than Rivers has....
Absolutely! Caramel and chocolate and nuts and more!!!!
funny...I was about to tweet you "is that sand?"
Every time I fly, I think of Steve Buscemi, "Please do a good job, please do a good job..." when they're disarming the nuke.
guess i shouldve hedged some out on kansas
Too early for me to be stressed smh
That glow in the dark all yellow and green with a lil pink and much harry oh I mean fur of animals that pur
what channel you got it on? Lol
RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely. We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Gotta get bck in the studio. Been too long
RT Exercise is as important as or more important than a good diet, but implementing both together is the optimum.
is GL on twitter?
they should put crosby, malkin, neal on the same line with letang and orpik on defense
you guys have your meeting today?
I need my consigliere.
Bummer. I just got this thing, mostly for the HRM.
Girl at the cougar walk needs to get better at making mexican bowls, especially since its her job, I intentionally avoid her if I can.
are you at shakas ?(:
Job change in my future! Just handed in my notice.
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating ;)
School tomorrow...AGAIN!!! Fml -.-"
It's my favorite day of the year: we just put the Christmas ornaments out!! They're all so beautiful. Come in and pick out your favorite!
bitches wanna be honey cocaine , lookin like syrup crack lol
JOEY DORSEY, THROW IT DOWN BIG MAN!
Ha! Maybe they aged out of the teddy bear industry?
Oh yeah round table means I have to participate.
IS NOT THAT BABY DADDY
haha we gonna be late
George Zimmerman will be charged with the Murder of Trayvon Martin. It just has been announced.
agreed. I am studying my languages a bit more.
can't remember my spideroak login & it's so darn secure, it won't give it to me in any way or with any hints. now that's secure.
Q2. I have problems finding editors who also can be business minded about their pubs.
First up is an engineer/producer named Phil Ramone. He's a s. african musical prodigy, playing violin at 3 and for the queen at 10!!
RT Gotcha! Michaels twitter is and Aaliyah's is there you go! ;)
I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus... is that not the craziest thing you've ever heard... and its TRUE!!!!
Two years at most.
One of them did, I think. The video only had four, so I guess so. Sad.
Excellent halftime show, now let NY kick some NE butt!!
We will can watch your concert online ? I'm french i can't come to NYC :(
found 100% vegan cupcakes over here!
Real Is On The Rise......
I've pulled muscles on both sides of my neck...
Congrats, to Jo-Willy Tsonga for his win at Qatar. He may be a sleeper at the Aussie Open.
I didn't forget your birthday!?
Done taken a shower:) nd i finally finished scool:D
Very much so! Probably me more than :)
Thesis: our country will solve the unsolvable through tech & innovation
I wanna watch the Adjustment Bureau but the Homerun Derby is winning out in my house OF COURSE.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
And that's why you all timeouts! Touchdown!!
Wasn't paying attention in class until I heard "mini pigs, the new way to test chemicals" 😳😢
He should have stated away from Glastonbury. That did them in!
You bet. I really enjoyed it. My phone had no service in the room otherwise I would have tweeted it.
Happy Independence Day to Everyone! Enjoy the Festivities!
: Heyy I saw you today :) haha
Totally agree. I used to be completely in love with my Charge. Now I'm starting to think it's a POS
Exclusive tour inside the home demolished by a suspected drunk driver.
Welp that didn't take long RT : Former #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson lasted 4 days on #Buccaneers roster. Waived today, team announced.
suellen's currently dying her hair some sort of gay color (;
Restaurant impossible plus design on a dime plus kitchen cousins = well done scripts network
The light is on m
RT if you're going to see on June 1st in Belfast at the Odyssey Arena!
Omg loving these california kidz they are ze best
Hey SLIS Indy folks! Follow us for ALISS updates and events.
maybe it was memphis.....
I envy you the maturity to step back, realize something is not working for you and move on. College and even grad school is expected
Ask ya homies that's following you still go to the y
I so love my church!!!! City of Praise
i was expanding possibilities of resolving the challenge ;)
Hey love
How are you an NBA player and you don't come into a playoff game prepared to play with energy and box out.
The Grapes of Get A Damn Job, Hippies #classicnovelsequels #amIplayingthisright?
I'm askin what would u say about a girl who is promiscuise a hoe or just nasty I'm just askin?
What you doing babe! And how do you know she's fake! I trust you but I'm saying how did u figure it out!
New Zealand&#39;s &#39;Dr. Bogan&#39; earns heavy metal doctorate
Eventful weekend being a tourist in my own city.
The devil should really start paying me. I'm such a good advocate.
haha him too(: so when are you going to see the hottie totties?!
Valid Points Being Made During The #CNN Western Republican #Debate! Your Thoughts?
I believe that Nathan would suit a thong
About to walk to the store.
I gotta know who said this! Outstanding!
no probs darling no rush! big love x
MT : Use QR reader with iPhone to assist with mobile #reqmts - Virtual #reqmts Facilitation
Working with today. Wonder how much an hour he's paying me?
haha nope the Boston commuter rail:)
thank you for following us.. it really mean a lots to us.. Thanks!
It was a nice attempt but this one seemed to be reaching too much.
Somehow blew away /bin on my dev server. And this is why I use Daily backups..even on dev boxes.
Just got a fantastic idea for a DIY 428 gig hard drive. Now all he needs is a dremel and that old computer of his...
...they're not going to do that promotion again, are they? They can't be that dumb...
I love you! Please RT if you love all you Texas iconicas!!!
Thanks dude!!!
If people can abuse greyhounds then panthers are soon to follow.
Morning Folks. Happy Hump Day!
Wonder Why You Can't Date A Good Female ? Try Calling Them Something Different Than "Bitch" Or "My Hoe" Smfh.
#Brewers and #Blackhawks both playin tonight.
Employers, what's the number one thing you look for in a entry level employee?
Who ever put two Anti-Patriot stickers on my car today at school, good job thanks for thinking about me today.
Follow Us at the original Account !
i love looking on forever 21 they have so many cute shirts!
sounds like fun. hope you had a good bid whist partner
Get on my level
Is your home leaving you red in the face? We'll make it blue, tan or grey!
I don't know what I'm more sad about. The fact I leave today, or the fact I go back home to my family. Lol
Capcom is just straight up trolling megaman right now.
Dyeing my hair tomorrow! Woohoo back to red!
Wicked & Weird
was rocking that female Brotank today
Only had 5 hours of sleep . -_-
It was so boring. Lol.
Thanks, Jen. Hope you have a great birthday weekend.
don't do it, its nasty here today
": #Bucks have reportedly signed Mike Dunleavy, Jr."
Asphalt Contractors’ of Minnesota are you enjoying your workshop at the Earle Brown Heritage Center?
hurray, Internet, connecting long-lost kindred spirits! cc
s/o the best makeup artist in the SFL...
In the event it was red herrings. Seriously.
Rudy May threw the first pitch in the "new" Stadium, and the Twins' Dan Ford hit the first homer.
you said you enjoyed playing os bc it was easy though excePt We took over
Romney: it isn't a vast left-wing conspiracy, just a whole lot of people who don't like you. Learn the difference, please.
Western Kentucky has 140 total yards in the 1st half versus 220 yards for LSU. J Jefferson has taken all snaps and is 6-10 for 139.
oh my gosh that was weird! And remember mrs. karmine or whatever her name was?? She got me in trouble lol.
Jeremy Renner. See when I like an actor I have to state my claims immediately #markingthatterritory #yeahimthatfangirl haha
Whoopin ass in a little 3 mile run 🏃🏃🏃
M, stogie and a beer after a long day of editing.
Foster children have voices that need to be heard!
you do?
Just had a great rehearsal. Now time for that p 90 X.
goodness it sucks!
Headed to USC hospital.. Hope all goes well
I been snappin necks and cashin checks
Jumped on the twitter train!
I really need a whole day outside in the sun. Maybe it will improve my mood.
EVERYBODY!!!!!! Stop what ur doing and check out this new T-pain song called 5 o clock in the morning. Its the shit.
A Shout out to BofA_Help! What a Fantastic service Bank of America provides, with very professional and personable staff! Hats off to You!!
oh my god, I start work tomorrow!
Letting go of someone u love is the hardest thing u can ever do but its the only thing u can do to prove u don't need them & that ur strong
Seems rather tame versus the amount of whining I am seeing in my feed today.
What kind of job was it? I know a great printer I can refer you to for future stuff.
where's Lubbock?!
very much so! haha.
Struggling to come up with a killer poster idea for upcoming film. Looking for inspiration. Anyone?
#TheTruth Im goin to bed, Night Twitter.
FB timeline tip: use "milestones" feature to communicate your mission visually.
"All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his." ~ Oscar Wilde
