True Religion trousin!
follow ya boy you might like what you hear
Marching Band
had that same dream, so he signed to fight Cotto! Lol
Aww thanks for the love!!! :) I appreciate that
"if you're not living your dream, then whose dream are you living?"
she will get a lot of new request tonight haha,
i know we supposed to hit the club..
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who smells really bad.
Wtf is tweeting ? Lol I love him
These #49ers beat writers crack me up. Like Alex Smith had a choice. Where else was he gonna go?
Good L<3ve ya 4eva have a grand day tomorrow
Cause your first lol RT : all I can say is why? hahaha
never wanna text back.
I took that Ranger tool out of the message but that is one of the funniest Pens photoshops I've seen in a while
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won't change. Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Dear music critics: please discontinue the use of the term "baroque" in your descriptions of indie-rock bands. Thanks!
I NEED TO TALK WITH YOU. ASAP.
.... JB- How much of the show was edited? Did we see everything? You were great- as usual.
show your
Phreakin' keystone kops type stuff that
anytime! It's always great to help someone and leave them with a smile on their face.
When ppl don't ever chill w/ u but then when they have nothing to do they wanna hit u up <<<<<<<<<
if only the #beastmode would come back to WASHINGTON STATE. washington will DEFF. show you #SUPERbeastmode!
definitely hadn't seen any of these tweets til now.
I Fell In Love With Jerkin Music... Because Of And
Hmm...RT : #Leo needs a stable, grounded friend who brings them down to Earth lol
good article! I plan to check out your four. I also like Social Bro, Sprout Social, Topsy, and Tweet Reach!
look on the bright side: a show like that would get thrown off the air in the states.
almost home!!!
Me: "Dad, what does fuck mean?" Dad: " It means eat." Me:"Thanks dad." Me:"Mom, can I fuck the turkey?" Mom:"WHAT THE FUCK!"
I've watched some of them!
Just finished teaching a tweens / teens auditioning workshop today. It was awesome and there is a lot of great talent out there!
Checking in. Twitter keeps e-mailing me as is I may be missing or dead. Happy to report that it's neither...alive and kicking! :)
not yet! I'm curious too :)
hell ya vd fan damon or stefan?
yes u are
thats what they all say :P
incredible Mahomies!!! #woof I LOVE YOU ALL <111
This feeling is new.
We're excited to be hosting the official afterparty after the Grizz game on Sunday! No cover - come in and welcome! Go #Grizz!
Ok good. I used to it with you. LOL... When does the schedule have you coming back more than 24 hours?
Wow 98 degrees in tucson arizona! Anyone want to join me at the pool?
bahaha mini-bratwurst just ran the wrong way in the sausage race.
follow me back
Wish we could, but that's against MLB rules.
haha I said it's Chris girlfriend haha
Ja is most likely dead..and Ashanti is married to Nelly, and she weighs 350lbs.
it's whatevs
71 year old Neil Diamond marries 42 y.o. GF. He was quoted as saying "bah bah bah, life has never been so good (so good, so good, so good)
feel better!!!!! Don't wanna miss that field trip on Friday
This crazy warm weather makes me want to garden!
Power to the people! Next? Recalling Walker!
102 more followers in 1 day!! What an accomplishment! We hope to see you all at the meeting tonight!
So the was definitely an experience! Wow. I love Coach MacKeown! So much energy for his team.
My Mom Said Hi...
Happy New Year!!!
Today's Get Energized tip: Check and replace dirty furnace and air-conditioner filters on a regular basis.
Makeing your dream a reality, with A crew . Down from day
Cabana night
I don't know what it is there but it kills my phone. Can't get service hardly and forget about 3G.
how did I get so busy????
Progress is being made. Patience, I keep telling myself, patience...
#InTheSummer i'm going to lay out EVERY nice day !
Shastic.com has ability to #sell #coupons virally in #Facebook 4 #venues and #restaurants. Ask us how!
have fun tonight!!! See you in Brisbane!! CANNOT WAIT!!!! 
“: Release trying to make sense of what other people do!” >>> I need this on a permanent sticky note
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
you're about to make me fave another one young lady !!
Seriously , you make no damn sense!
man....time is a-flyin this month!!
RT In Awareness Darkness cannot annihilate the LIGHT.Hate Cannot destroy LOVE.Anger cannot abolish COMPASSION
Ha, I was not even fishing on that one, but honestly curious. Hope you will share that with others! Enjoy the conference.
Watching my fav of all times! A Christmas Story! It never gets old! Love it! What's your favorite Christmas #classic?
First pass through the new album "The King of Limbs"... didn't like it. This is an excellent sign that I will eventually love it.
But first I need you to follow me please. I can't DM you otherwise. =)
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
Nothing like listening to your roof leak.
Just posted another song in our 'members only' section of our website. Go sign up and check it out! www.kissingdaylight.com
If You Can't Handle My Worst , You Ain't Gettin' My Best !
we are what we communicate today. how to go back to a new quiet state where things are simply allowed to be?
Huh lol : If you not a believer suck a BIG A DICK hahaa Ah
am having awesome time at SXSW. How ru?
Nowhere to go but out. Like this fire.
- In Spirit and in Truth, We Have No Age At All - Spiritually, We Are Eternal, Immortal, Pure, Perfect Life Beings!
even more than usual? Ahaha
Sentences I never thought I'd say but just did: "Oh fuck that I just found my vegan leather pants. I'm wearing those."
Got damn it heart racing... You know that says something
you should declare today a holiday. A local holiday...something like "Hot Dish Day"
No, Nick - thank YOU!! Glad you enjoyed it! Keep in touch!
You're welcome. :D RT : girl we should! Thank you!^.^
you hate me ):
I visited! Hope it counts! No more devil numbers!
that makes no sense to what I just said
Who's going to #PSU for blue and white weekend?
What a beautiful day to end the work week--doing big things over here at the Innovation Studio
I am having problems connecting to netflix via my xbox 360
It is so awesome to see Pablo hitting and playing so well. He and Timmy are who most new Giants fans identify with, IMO.
money ova everythang
yeah he will lol I'm just talking shit
Hard to believe that it's almost that time again. 3 weeks from today is another Young Artist Awards show. Looking forward to seeing U
It was indeed. And very tasty it was, too. The bitters was .
: what a cool line of ' e-books. Thanks for sharing!
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
GR8 stuff, LMK what the fellas think.....
I don't know I just feel like I could use another week to prepare!
“: Ladies, mount your Schwinn bicycles!” Good luck to my #Hoosiers!
Would any of our fans like to win Splashtown tickets???
“The things we fear most in organizations – fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances – are primary sources of creativity.”Margaret Wheatley
10700 after running like complete crap
- I have that taped to my whiteboard in the office.
Can't sleep. Listening to Chelsea Girl. Creeping me out.
Congratulations on your endorsement for CYD Regional Director from SDSU College Dems
So overcast today! Makes the bed seem twice as inviting.
#LMSunSIG a couple of schools have subscribed to QualityMatters.
As i have said before. Technology the times geographic locations change but people stay the same. Because the world is the world
A loud stereo makes tennis practice better :)
The HELL, Hornets RT : Fucking Hornets TV people have BALLS advertising season ticket sales while down 9 to Nets (and up from 17 down)
Both my teams are out now. 1st #Duke, now #VCU. Currently pulling for my 757 homeboys
LETS GO HEAT!!!
CAPITAL LETTERS DEMAND RESPECT
That ball was tipped!!
man y'all shit is throwed man I definetly like tha beats who does tha production
for the first time. Like it. Not a fan of cornnuts though, never have been. Oh and ceasar is spelled wrong on the menu.
what exactly do they want?
Oh cool - will you be riding it to work?
No its not :)) everything is false!! Reality is lie
Thanks - great to see you! RT : You rock too. Looking forward to your next adventure.
i need a nice cold refreshing #heineken lol
Plant will still grow and produce fruit . . .the yield will be less than if you had pruned.
Thanks again for your generous sponsorship for for Oklahoma Project Woman. We were able to raise $475,798.09.
ha, sounds about right
I like your moves!
True dat! RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living. We don't need as much as we think we do.
Just in time for the first #UT tailgate!!! RT : is coming to austin this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gourmet Food Truck TODAY Hwy 40 east of 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply 11:30-2:30 Winter Garden Harvest Festival was a hit now Home
- Best performance!!Congrats on your 1st baby!! :)
Did I mention I LOVED The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?! Even though we never saw enough of the tattoo...
We have a sub.Sarah said it was practically a free day
You kno I'm bored smdh
Everything on my Mac is suddenly huge. Any ideas how to shrink fonts, etc. on desktop?
Done following. Follow back
miss you too. We need to see each other son.
That tweet was brilliant. I'll have new music this fall! Thanks for the kind words, man!
appreciated him since that LVAM show some time back. It's a shame that place is gone..
I don't have understanding when it comes to my kids. Don't F with them and we cool.
No school for me 🐱
but no gym smdh
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person
RIP Steve Jobs. Brilliant innovators like you and Walt Disney are rare. You'll be missed.
Where is everyone getting those M&M's NASCAR jackets? I want one so bad.
Happy Mothers Day ❤😄
This one is new to me, but I like it: “When you are going through hell, keep going.” —Winston Churchill
Good Night Baby
Thanks to our favorite #FF tweeps!
Just historic kitchens where brewing would have occurred, and the ASV bought Brown Ale for the conf.
I will have to look up your short stories. I'm considering publishing a collection of short stories.
e-chatting with birthday girl about my evening activities 20 yrs ago tonight.
Him: Would you go to prom with me? // Me: Only if the food is good :))
OK, what's the difference betw an atheist & a humanist? Awaiting your 140 characters of insight!
that's hilarious! When I read that, I died out laughing!!! Hah(:
Summer dance program will be from July 2 - July 20 with a recital on July 21!!
I believe I need you to follow me before I can DM.
The Film Festival of Colorado is June 28 through July 1 in awesome Olde Town Arvada, CO. See you there!!
Black Numbers, very interesting name. I like.
": Creighton over Georgia in the opener in Corvallis. Big win for the Jays." Great start Jays!
Hope all is well; missed you at the festivities! Great day! Enjoy your summer! Peace!
Armoires Hutches Store Online: Riverside Crossroads Corner ...
Now I'm ready to shower, get all the sweat and sunscreen off of me, and head to Topeka. (:
RT : How are you going to empower those around you to build an emotional commitment and connect?
awe :) whens your b-day?
Fixed Popbumper on F-14 & 2 stand up targets, soldered upper right flipper power winding Flattened mini playfield shim on Dr Who
Love you D!!
Had a great run! The weather is awesome and a perfect day to begin any exercise program!
u gotta do that
I need to get a manicure done
l didn't and her body she looked like a skelotion sick
maybe I'll free ball, lol JUST JOKING! I would only do that if no one else knew and there wasn't a chance I would fall. lol
Gonna be a good Friday. Woke up, turned on and watched Wisconsin defeat Stanford (2000) for back-to-back Rose Bowl titles.
Cow bells are not cool, especially at a game. Wait. Will Ferrell could, everyone else should never have one. SO annoying.
A former park employee told me the key is to start early. =D
I got it, i was just being a little bit of an ass.
Not really :p RT : Am I too loud when I'm with y'all? Savemefromalie
I'd rather have you then be rich and have all the money in the world
The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going. - David Starr Jordan
": what up playa?" Grinding hard out here pimps.. how are things for u?
I am wondering where Obama would have stood on the American issue of slavery. Too pragmatic?
“Hug your pet every day, and you will both be better off because of it.” ~ Robert Paradiso
We're not happy about the weather either! What city are you all in? RT : This weather is a joke!
Mr Wild, what about Colt McCoy as backup in GB? Thoughts?
RT : oh and may I point out you've lost about 300+ followers in a few days - dude, what are you talking about?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
follow me
Loved the rescue dog message by budlight... Here we go! Budlight
Hello darlin' ....from us after May 10!
How do you know it's March? Kevin Stallings needs the Heimlich Maneuver.
Aw, they called me a maiden! RT Thank thee for joining us, fair maiden.
thanks for being so awesome!
nvm I didn't know we some at the house. You're a saint.
I know your objections to dropbox, but I feel much the say way about it.
I wish I had Lady Stark’s bodyguard every time someone said something sexist to me...”hand me my sword"
I thought Clay Aiken died!
very good analogy lol... Gross but I get that point
#SexualPickUpLines he aint beet it rite he dam sure can't do it like I can
#goplankintraffic on the busiest road in Orlando.. Don't worry, I'll wait :)
This boy has a backpack that says "Manchester United"!
we the boss type
James Kane's slidedeck is awesome.
#RedSox pay a tremendous tribute to Tim Wakefield in pregame ceremonies at #FenwayPark100 Wakefield's remarks, short to the point. Classy
I've tried that, but its grayed out. It doesn't go away. It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed. What to do?
I'm on my way there, will be 30 mins.
When i get a text starting with "Don't Worry about me...
I'm excited to try and bring home that gold for all army women's basketball
Why Tf Am I Nervous ?
I can't wait until you host our book club! ;)
I appreciate your input on the article. I'd rather they play for free, but I just feel it's their right to ask.
I pray and hope my dad gives us money to go shopping since we're just so lonely
Well said RT : When your emotions trump your logic don't be impulsive. Emotions are fleeting. Logic will rarely fail you.
"omg i love being sick" things people don't say.
#ItsWhatYouDo haha they fucked up my hand with the splint, moved around bones
whatever became of tina from season 2? She was always one of my faves
What do you think is the most important sci-fi movie ever made? Not the best; the most important.
welcome to twitter!
Have you fallen in love with yet? Great deals on the places you love to eat. Check them out!
I ain't scared. My ass is nice and toasty
Happy Mothers Day! There is reason while on camera guys say hi Mom.
You sexy
I'm classy Bitch...Your Nasty Bitch
say, we partying in uptown tonight?
awesome! What are you presenting on?
You're a wizard Harry.
Watching the notebook :'(
too bad
“The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it”
Cold wind is stimulating the economy, People are buying coats, boots, hats, gloves, driving instead of walking, burning more heating fuel.
You see the fear in Sarah Kaufman's face!!! LOL
*from me*
Thanks! We appreciate the kind words! Should have some new stuff for you in a few months...
2-0 in #Soccer today as #Pescara / #Torino easily stay under the posted total of 3 1/2-3 if you want to make $ email me bettingjesus
Thinkin about a design for a new tatoo... any cool ideas?? :) Plz RT with some ideas... :)
RT ": I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party."
haha I'm glad someone besides myself enjoy hearing it every once in a while
Honestly. WHAT THE HELL?
Another 4am evening. I danced my a--off! So fun!! Love u guys Hollywood!!
well, it's not coffee...
Thanks Christina for following!
WE CAN DO IT
Maybe can replace baseball in his logo w/a softball cause those R the only pitches/interviews he can hit
I have an amazing view of Mt. Hood in 2 minutes! It will really feel like a Friday once you see this skycam.
RT : "Companies that have a twitter account but never use it, is like having a business phone & never answering it" ~jda
Disease team reports from CIRM. Stem Cell conference at Salk Inst., La Jolla, CA. Collaboratory research.
Gov. Christy in renouncing a Presidential run, sounds classier than anyone still in the race.
indeed that doesn't have the same ring ... i'll have to come up with something catchier :) and THANKS!! :)
Put your hands up for New York.... I love my city
If you just getting hip to instagram you are wayy behind time. #Catchup We on some new ish
Sudan declares state of emergency on South border
not from a reputable firm. I'd rather have a "boring" accountant checking my books than a graphic designer.
I knew it was possible but I had no idea how... Ask yourself "Where can I win?"
Feeling like shitttt
thanks so much for the #ff. Back at ya!
our audible next release will be close to Home...
Congrats and good luck today
feel free to unfollow me hahaa :)
woodhead is a great story, but best NFL story of the year is chris ivory.
6th grader at my school died of an uncurable brain tumor last night... RIP jennifer you will always be in our hearts.
what happend to you bro? :o
Love, like paint, can make things beautiful when you spread it, but it simply dries up when you don't use it
I don't think "e-mail replies" used to be checked as default. I think it should be unchecked as default. Yeah.
Yeah, it was surreal. I was thinking, "so this is what it's like for other team's fans on draft day."
I'm looking for libraries that are supporting citizen science projects with programs/resources/etc. If you know any, I'd love to hear.
Thanks for the tweet-votes! <3
What part of Florida you going to?
Enjoying the Showalter show. Both of them putting on a clinic.
Awww thank you so much! :)
Sorry, Milwaukee. I voted for Adam.
send it to me to make sure.... :P
Steve Inskeep from came to my class tonight! He had great things to say about composing stories for the ear
the best thing about having a freshly built computer? When you get to login to all those sites for 1st time & DON'T REMEMBER THE PASSWORDS!
Fake friends
yeah it will be. I'm headed into ballroom F for the influncers talk. Probably will try for a quick bite after.
Does anyone know why everything in the mall is closed today? Is the eve of MLK day a holiday now or what?
Dictionary of Multimedia and Internet Applications: A Guide for Developers and Users
SLEAVES ARE TRASHY
Happy Thanksgiving from Squeezie Todd! Shoutout to who says I don't tweet enough. Also to , &
I enjoy all 1000 calories more and more each time.
Free Kodak printer today! For upgraded members only.
my bad son lol
RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padres, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers & Rockies COMBINED
Can't wait to beat in a taco eating contest x) hahaha
Thanks, Chris!
could somebody in the hunter film and media department PLEASE just email me back omg
Love the way you pay for stuff in Apple shop
Tim Duncan has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 11-4 at the first timeout.
what's up fag?
Twitter is dead..... so I shall die too.....because twitter is my life. Lmao I'm such a loser (x
same goes to you! :)
Free baseball in Nashville. And to think we were on pace for a 2 hour game at one point. Walk-off win, right here. Let's go
Up all night.
I've been playing live FR limit poker, losing, and listening to the RATM pandora channel for 6 straight hours
In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current situation. Don't bring up the past!
“Everything in moderation... including moderation.” ― Julia Child
ok random number texting me. tell me who you are
Attending a presentation on #opengov by and
": No matter how you try it still doesn't work <<<" my love life
So nobody told me that Derrick Rose is on the cover of this month's GQ magazine??? That's how y'all do??
I miss writting & getting cute texts, Ima send myself some that way i'm sending them & recieving them :)
Hey guys I want to give you all a couple free songs of mine! "Wing Night" and "I'm a Man"! Hilarious rap music! Just message me :)
wow I really wish taylor just didn't win that
are you a model or starting to model?
#Dbacks getting thrown out an awful lot this season. More early-season annoyances....
you comin' our way?
- pleasure to meet you today. You gave a very informative and well-spoken presentation! Thnx , , and
So many lesbian romantic comedies on Netflix streaming, so little time...
You see my mom comment on FB. She loves seeing pics to keep in touch. And she really connects w/ kids when she visits.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend..
Ooh that's cold brother, but true.
hello how are you all? I am looking for 2 of my followers to do as a movie ... so tell me who want to be
“My favorite part is convincing people that their vote matters in 2012, and then seeing them register” —Ulises in Michigan...
I pay these dumb bitches no mind.
15 years coming we get a playoff win! Sports so good in SoFla haha go
It would be great, to see you in Nashville. I know its late there, have great weekend!!!!! Did you ever get Above the Atlantic video, an ...
They were found in the backseat of a car along with a strong odor of gas.
you said you wanted the best in your band but really youre a terrible vocalist and you are way too full of yourself
describing 110 yr old paper manufacturer using a realtime RESTful #API to push and pull data to apps and partners
How do you not bat brantly lead off I do not think its actas call coming from above like usual
Another happy bride.......
Lakers- get it in gear. Now!!!!!
Bottlenose dolphins in Australia organise their complex society into gang-like groups of males, according to sci..
30 min left at work..kind of want 2 go get my nails done not sure yet
Please "Like" my band on facebook if you haven't already. Here's the link: facebook.com/forloveofivy
hahhahahaha your the one that set me right up for it!
OMG, huskies scare the crap out of me. So independent & unpredictable. Was bitten by one that went after Luke.
CHRIS DAVIS IS THE WINNING PITCHER.
RT : RT : No weather delays or cancellations here at MKE so far. Please check with your airline if you're flying
Hate this life I am living I will no longer take this I am done it ends tonight!
Once again Positive Pay is protecting a class settlement fund from criminals. We always use Positive Pay to safeguard the class fund.
Kudos, ye Knight of the Bleeding Edge!
welcome love ;)
Couldn't agree more. Friends' recommendations > Pretentious Yelpers.
RT : What you make isn't nearly as important as what you keep.
Will you ever DM me? Someday,right......maybe today:)
+1! So wonderful seeing you ladies. <3
just think if u had a rubber band 4 each smile.An made a ball .think how big it would b. ; )
aha interesting feature of uc sport field planning and architecture
I just signed up to win a signed copy of Immortal Rules by
ill get the board tonight
Ut oh! Leaving for Berlin tomorrow night. Refresh my memory -- when Der Kommisar's in town, is it cool to turn around?
Second time today I've heard presenters mention Chicago's YouMedia program as an ideal way to re-imagine the lib. Must check it out!
ladies u dont need 2 b arguing on twitter, thts not good! Both of u ladies r better than tht!
STARGAZING HOTEL - TONIGHT Four Seasons Hotel Georgetown, NY Rangers, Austin Powers, Sheryl Crow, Stevie Wonder and more
Daily Pollen'Cast | The count is on the rise today.. around 10.3!
I'm going New England drag tomorrow with a Cali twist.
I love shopping at Such a good store :3
I use bit.ly, but had noticed that you used to use Hootsuite. Were their metrics good for you? You using bit.ly now?
appreciate the follow! I'd like to chop with you sometime soon.
RT : maybe one day. I think this city would really embrace a NBA team
Bridget we didn't help, but you got them both in.
Me too, in summer everything is easy, we can wear less and wash less. We can swim. Sunshine is also good.
thanks for the heads up!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
RT : Okay refs, we get it. You're gonna give the game to the Heat any way you can. You can be more obvious about it, it's cool.
Surreal to see #ROC in the background of the piece on #Callahan on
Makes Homer... something something.
Bitches get Paid, and Hoes Get Laid. (:
oh snap
At prom . its dead in hear
My pleasure
RT - I don't want SOME data if I don't know it's GOOD data. [Lesson of the month]
first i park my car the i fuck yo BITCH.
hi Tia! Happy #Friday!
Doc: There's that word again "Heavy." In the NFL is there something wrong with the earth's gravitational pull?
Timing your story will make it or break it. Slow news days will give you the most success. Sell your story when the media is looking to buy.
RT It's going much faster today. A few more of Love's friends in court, which means more pink.
Also on tonight's episode of New Orleans Gourmet, of talks to us about their partnership w/
I'm beginning to find comfort in the 'invalid code' dialog that pops up. What stage of grieving is that?
Are you guys in Tallahassee?
where are you?
just some of the lovely products in our gift bag for
You will be entered to win a table side wine dinner for four just by dining at Vernon's today through Thursday, January 26!
wherever u go ill crawl to the ends of the earth to be there too ♥♥♥RT if u like that ide do that xx♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
What's the best thing you ate in April?
ONE HOUR AND 9 MINS TILL BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
you got it!
you goin to Olive Garden today? You seem to like that place just a bit ...;)
Wedding thank you note awkwardness: "Thank you so much for giving me a dutch oven. It was lovely."
you're so ghetto Eithan.
I saw a girl wit 10 different colors in her hair on the train...
Feeling charged up by friendship & Love.
Time for a much needed car wash
You don't think that I know that?
HI, Sara Morell!
We are open at 10:30 for Brunch today. Come celebrate Easter with an Omelette or Waffle!
Woohoo! WE DID IT! Ultimatum has a 1001 fans as of 6:00 PM on 10/18/11. Who were the two who just became our fan?
nothing against pugs but my favorite quote is "Forget finding the right man. Get a cat."
“: Still here About to start !” // one of the great volunteers at Cc!
On page 107 of our new issue reviews 3 great Christmas/winter brews this month...check it out...the guys knows his beers!
No kidding! GDL was great. Now I am drinking bud light lime!
Thanks for the follow! I'm at a 2000 follow mark until I get more followers. Looking forward to your tweets!
Joe where are you!?
The library didn't have any books about mental telepathy :(
Alaska and Hawaii
brie now it's 11:18!
Watching monk! And testing twitter updates from my phone :) yayy for technology!
So happy to find on Twitter!
Extreme caution is advised. Especially your dog. She loves dogs.
eastwood. By far.
“: Every time I see a dead animal I want to poke it with a stick... "Confirmation"” ----lol crazy
Here's I WEAR A GLOVE WHEN I MASTURBATE LOL, it fits the rhyme pattern xD
RT Tickets just released for the May 5 show. To purchase, call 718.636.4100
please use the dump button like DD
Havent tweeted on here in a long while. How ya'll been? :)
There are plenty of ways to get ahead.The 1st is so basic I’m almost embarrassed to say it: spend less than you earn.
Still have tacos on the brain? Try your favorite fish,blackened. Serve with chipotle slaw,avocado,pico,salsa and sour cream!
You will do great things.
I don't give af how many "problems" a motherfucker cause , you ain't coming between me , family , and my money .
Go ahead and vent! What's on you mind?
Had a lovely lunch with momma bear <3
#ff to some folks helping make Philly an informed city and region: , , , ,
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised.
Kevin James "Poor communities need government services more and more. 400,00 jobs have left LA County."
#stepupgeno He is stepping up. Have u seen him play? ur one of those dumb yinzers huh? Never satisfied r u?
Barca on running for Gov. "It's probably premature at this point to say much of anything."
. It is a lot to see! For cocktails, def check out The Gibson & Also Poste has some great ones & nice courtyard.
Happy beaner day to all my fellow beaners... #twitterless father that includes you!
RT : Lin is a baller, he's got game! I just hate when sportscasters start making him the rep of the model minority << agreed
Prime Joint Support Formula - Start Young - Stay Young - Take joint supplement to help promote overall bone and joint health....
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter please ? it would mean alot. please?
I do have to say I do not trust Sarah Palin though but it is nice to hear someone who likes her, also wants to know more!
thanks for the kind words. I second F's comments: we wouldn't have met without you. So THANKS to you too.
Nice! RT : I have a zero inbox policy. I have folders for everything and alerts for emails that I need to answer to immediately.
HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!! oh, clovis.
then u can put em all in a huge box with a sign that says "Guess how many dvds and win a prize"
hilarious I felt I might have been the only person in America covering it lol
Intense game with Louisville pulling through at the end, makes me feel better about the spartan loss.... No not really
Women are angels, and when someone breaks our wings..we simply continue to fly.........on a broomstick. We're flexible like that! =)
"Like" TBH: Rate: What I Think About You: How Fell About You: (STRANGERS Can Like Too)
I'm sorry but I was unfollowing people who don't follow me. :)
We're finishing watching PORCO ROSSO by Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli. The dudes & I --and my mom aka The BabSter-- all love his films.
Someone should Skype in PJ Marshall.
i nedd a new phone lol
RT "To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart. It's a way of life." - Henri Cartier-Bresson
DC has officially been over run by the tourists
Del Grosso!! My phone always takes off the last O in spell check.
I wanna be faithful & commited
Public skating all day! Only $13 which includes skate rental. Bring the family and all those in laws staying with you. :)
I'm kicking the shit out of this day off from work. I'm going to the DMV.
Just keep talking ;)
My Daddy Said He Gone Teach Mhe How 2 Drive..I Aint Gone Neva Be Etd Home
that would make sense! I'm clueless... :)
Watching the spring storm roll in as we get ready for
rolled in late. ClintZilla calls it flex time, i call it strenf time. But i got my 7-11 cup, they got good stuff
RT : ANYWAYS!!!! Brewers baseball is 44 days away.
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone???
Love Lightroom but how can some of these other add on apps charge half or in the case of one more than the program costs?
wow brown, I'm way late on this one. Good man how. Are you
If I can only teleport it to you but im almost done, give me 25-30 min. Im not far
excited to announce the only #charity party in LV on #NYE2012 to benefit LOCAL kids!
oh bummer! next time, hopefully we can give you more advance notice!
Yes, is up to no good. But that's what we like about him! He's gonna #bringit at tonight!
GOP goal is Obama failure. At ANY cost to the country.
ok sweet! And yep i still do just let me know :)
yeah it's a bit auto tuned but I like it anyway and that was only a 34 second clip so who knows :) Gonna request it at fly 92:)
Watch: Kelsey Grammar Gets Tattoo
I say Dinosaur RT : is it just me or does chris bosh kinda look like the loch ness monster?
"The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say." (Anaïs Nin)
Looking forward to #AAS219 - just need to find cheap places to eat in Austin.
No, that is correct. That kid at the party canNOT find a tighter shirt. TFM.
Taking this week one day at a time...
Is 4:30 to early to change into my jersey at work?
congrats Zach and Kim!
Are you coming to NYC for 's birdday soirée?
CFO finalists unveiled: Tough choices had to be made - Louisville Business First (blog)
same for me lol
RT : When all else fails, take a nap
Now back to my regularly scheduled tweets...LOL
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? 
So funny-- that is my fave flavor and I was *just* thinking about it! ;)
Id rather go 100 mph in the wrong direction than nowhere
Pretty excited to see tonight.
I just woke up...Love hitting unnecessary buttons...of course, first rule of the internet, don't do it unless your eyes are open.
“: . is yet another example of a great speaker. Loving this presentation. #idea10”
Central Piedmont #comm_college shout out!
hi! i am good what about you sweetie?
eating chocolate flavored granola & thinking of
Look for the girl with the broken Smile ☺. Ask her if she wants to stay awhile ❔❕
thanks! I'll check it out!
haha alright! that is definitely something we like to hear Dan, keep on listening! :)
We are definitely better than 33rd, we are underrated and overlooked as a nation in the FIFA world
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.
#Performers #bands #musicians #performingartists GET YOUR PORTFOLIO ONTO Shastic.com NOW while it's still free! We're going big!
thank you! happy doing the many many things you seem to do with your time! so multifaceted over there.
I wanna make you feel wanted
Thankful = no more thanks for giving me some!
I can understand that. You rebel on!
Can we use a strobe light for our presentation?
Amen to that RT At last the Tour comes to life. Great rides today done by Contador and Wiggins.
Good seeing you again tonight :)
Happy July is finally almost over... Rough month.
RT : F$& roomba waking me up
Wow smh at some people!
If you try to hide your stomach in your pictures why not just try your best to get into shape...
Can't eat six hours before surgery.. So I'm going to work with my mom so I'm not tempted to eat at the house. Ready for this day to be over.
Hahahahahahaha I'm going to kick him in the face!!!!!!
Just did :)
lets go to the movies together all you need to do is come pick me up ... In Houston(:
#ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training
Just found a perfectly good McNugget in my cousin's underwear drawer.
Watching the #HungerGames premiere-flipping out. I would give anything to wake up everymorning with the schedule of an actress.wantwantwant
So excited for tomorrow!
Have you tried our collard greens? If you haven’t, your stomach doesn’t know what it has been missing! Come give them a try soon!
“ No dude wants to ever hear the word "BESTIE" unless she ugly as hell.”
so when do you get it back....?
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going?
you're mean.
No problem! Sorry, tried to DM you instead but was unable. Have a great day!
Spinning live from haven lounge with adam foster on www.radio4by4.com
"Under-earning: the pattern of earning less $ than you need." -Mikelann Valterra. Undercharging, never negotiating, giving your time away...
Hello king sized bed!!!
At your house! ;)
I go to my village ! Bye guys
yeah I will!
Watching the #hockey playoffs works up such an appetite!
Do you have a guide or anything about unregistering a .at domain when the time comes?
The most powerful and purest of love is found in a relationship with God
follow me justin ! ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !!!
Thanks. In-house experimentation aside, a bit of work left
RT @ SportingKC You've been quoted in my #Storify story: "Cinco de Mayo Sporting Style" http:
I don't need you. I don't need you anymore!
I totally agree with you about the stilts and the strippers. Get rid of them!
u can find mellow spots in SD. I would still love to move back to WI but my hubs is Ca thru n thru. I like it too but miss WI
Thanks! RT Pearl Fishers, bloodthirsty villagers dance before the scheduled execution. Great work dancers!
My contact is being stupid ad hurting my eye and I have no other contacts or glasses. FML FML FML
lol :D you too
Sweet. RT : The Georgetown blog is reporting UK to play Georgetown in DC as a part of the Big East-SEC Challenge.
nice intro Deirks :)
this is a phenomenal idea. Add cc:
that's such a nice thing to say!!!
it was awesome even though I fell asleep 1/2way through - watching it again tonight!
Both, I know you're the plug for the Haven afterparty, but I figured you knew who had the show tickets too
What would you tell my teenagers who will be going this summer to Stanford?
Haha(: You need to follow all my twitter friends!
laying in bed playing Super TextTwist with my cousin Caroline....tis fun at 3 am :) hahaha!
oh yeah!!! Please say u r a Redskins fan, no Panthers fan, no Cowboys fan yeah that's it! Go Cowboys!!!
"You need to be partners in more than just the physical side of Love." B. Smith & Dan Gasby
It's a new day:)
That's childish to me
going out to eatt!! :) with sabrina and boyfriend
Attention Softball Players!!! You can now pre-order 2013 DeMarini fastpitch softball bats! These bad boys will definitely step your game...
yeah buddy(:
kudos. I know how challenging that process can be.
Ii think I'm the only one at with out an Ipad ;) hint hint babe <3
I know I had an earlier post about Saturday Night Live. It just kicked off it's 36th season and my earlier point was backed up...
RT : Tell a #Virgo bullshit? It will be a mistake you will regret for the rest of your life."
No... I cannot... ": can you believe that some people actually drink orange juice without champagne in it!?"
People and their 20 word hashtags piss me off, like I can't even read what that's supposed to say
Goodbye title Man City. Yet another team to hand it to Utd on a silver platter.
dude your twitter is blowin up!!! :))))
So far we are getting rave reviews over our unique fresh made toppings and low prices!
Check out Boulderfest.com for the 3 day lineup and see when your favorite local bands are playing this year. Oh ya its FREE.
Watching play MW3 was
time for you to get a watch...BURN!
get used to it for a couple of months. It's the only thing I don't like in Cleveland is driving in the snow.
Took a shot for laurent!! Ya!!
Wait, so wants your money through to make a mobile app for them so they make more money? Wow. Sheeple.
Ohio State choked. Plain and simple.
Time is running out! Event proposals for #AWP13 are due Tuesday, May 1.
i'm watching you...
Good grief! Is there ever a dull moment at your house????
Worst Webinar experience this morning: Cision. No help for technical problems and shut out of audio and teleconference. ARG!
What happened to Spring?
TAXES O_o Waiting for a call from The Mom to help me out. Until then, let the swearing re-commence!
Mostly true: claim that new GI bill has helped 700k vets. Thanks Bob!
I got all the vegas details!
Today, stick to a strict diet of inspiring books, beautiful spaces and people who elevate.
He totally killed it at my library tonight. The reading of the opening paragraph of I Kissed A Zombie in German was brilliant.
Come get your yoga on bright and early at Hot Yoga of Bellevue!! 6-7am Power Vinyasa weekend detox! Hotyogainc.com
"The world is getting worse, Not because the bad are loud. But because the good choose to stay silent."
Thanks for the RT!
tht uz like the bestest day eva i dont kno ho to put my photos from my camera so ya (; <3333 miss u jojo
Happy Belated Birthday! Sorry Im 43 mins late...Owell
LOL! What did you watch??
I've never seen a game like the one at MSG where the refs have completely lost control of the game someone is going to get severely injured
Holy Guacamole! In less than one hour, students will begin to build what could be the world's longest line of tacos.
My personal pulchritude may not have overwhelmed the observers, but in that moment I found myself immensely, if not alarmingly, attractive.
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so dramatically so you can see things you’re conditioned to ignore.
"'Cause I can't make you love me, If you don't. I can't make your heart feel, something it won't"
Dang is real friendly making all our guys laugh over there on first!
Thank you for including us! Gameday Specials
Pakistan does NOT need another natural tragedy. The floods, now this.. Its waging enough other battles. Hoping not too bad
same here thats EXACTLY how i feel like idk whats wrong with me like why cant i ever be happy hahahah whttf
People only get jealous when they care
Saw that you're coming to the #atthack Palo Alto - Can't wait to meet you!
I don't like extremely saucy (overly tamarind-y) pad thai which is Ha Long Bay's downfall. Sala Thai is probably a safe bet.
Just watched #Friends - the One with the Embryos for the 96,000th time. Best. Episode. Ever.
Everyone loves you! My taste buds especially love you, thanks to Jaleo's garlic soup. One of the best dishes in DC ever.
Likewise, sir.
After listening to the live-recorded show on film music, I just gotta say that is fuckin' fantastic.
fends off competition for last - still all alone
lol sad right? ud think it been MUCH longer
Could use a Margarita right about now!! Good think I am friends with - today is going to be a good day!
Lololol RT : Just took a quick break to make a grilled cheese sandwich. It's The Curse of
ok just making sure :-P
Fell headfirst down half a flight of stairs :D
Tie game
Driving would be much more exciting if it was like Mario Kart
I hate those ghetto ass black girls who keep a scowl on their face 24/7 ...lifes not that bad !
Relocating tomorrow
I hope Forte does not win this challenge
I want some crispy wings....m
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” -Bo Bennet
Sleepover tonight? :)
real talk
Did I leave my phone on a table in the library?
yay! May the 4th be with you on your drive...
you should get someone still in LC to write a review and staple it to his door. with a chocolate bar bribe or something.
Knock-knock! Who's there? Phil. Phil who? Phil's like in between heaven and hell.. ;D
Thanks Eddie. Would be great to have a contact down there. I am flying in Johannasburg 1 day, Durban mostly and Cape Town a few
I'm honestly considering it. It's really the ultimate troll move.
Thanks! Happy black friday.
I see you are in D.C., were you in the Burgh before? We lived in Potomac, MD for 10 years also.
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on Aug 12th, 2011
Here's to growing up!
oh ok. But overall. It wasn't like I was going past the beat or slowing down on it? Right
Repondez s'il vous plait, meaning "respond if you please." It is a polite way of requesting a response to the invitation.
The hardest job in the world, is the best job in the world. Thank You Moms!!
i paid $15 for this shitty internet on the plane that won't play netflix or hulu... argh!
path of vietnamese refugee entry into u.s. is map of military bases is route of empire.... yen le espiritu
Brewing a second pot of coffee already. :P It's decaf though, so it shouldn't matter..... right?
this lineup really sucks. Braun & Lucroy are the only ones I pay attention to at the plate.
Roosters wings (Hot) in Lex! The real deal-BH
Should be out for at least another hour. You coming?
Come try our sauces! We have so many to choose from. You'll love our Jack Daniel's Ketchup, 1000 Island or Citrus Aoili.
Last chance to get your tickets for our Be A Voice Awards Luncheon this Thursday! Thank you everyone for your support!!
i don't think he could manage to get into the paper bag.
I got a "Neckline Slimmer" as a gift. Is that an insulting or thoughtful present? Either way the thing works fabulously...
I seriously want to fuck that ass.
Saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't thank you
blink-182 is my favorite band forever and ever!!!! i watched your after midnight cover and the gotye cover, nice voice =D
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world
Great! Guadalupe will be signing that Sunday morning if you'll still be there, but otherwise we can still save you an ARC!
DEFINITE FAIL!
you are a man amongst boys. #truegentleman HE GOT IT
Good stuff, sorry for the delay Lorrieirbyj
well u should know because yours are most awesome!
Man, you need to squash his thoughts on that...lol
There are so many empty seats on this bus, why do you have to sit right next to me?
#Voiceover is a wonderful way to make a living, but now I'm going to get some rest before starting afresh in the morning.
That last tweet was to get my tweet on the jimmy fallon show! Haha
#Natitude Ready for another #baseball #Nats Win!!
What a world we leave in!
Gross. Start saying inappropriate things, and maybe they'll feel awkward enough to adjust.
Kind of crazy that now is one of the owners of MySpace.
at least I saw your post from 3 min ago rather than 3 hours later
At school.
This rain is messing up my day!
Had a great workout this morning though...
indeed. COGIC Amen
Dear Spammers -- I automatically hit the report spam button when I see eggs, boobs, offers 2 show pics, unsolicited sales pitches, etc.
One of the biggest in our history. Harsh luck thus far about England though
#lovebattle if my "couple" friends share their eharmony FB couples timeline, I might puke. Don't forget core brand purpose.
well im on my tab. It was more money for my laptop so I had to pick one
giiiiiirrl i needs to get toneed, i dont want to - make a wave- with my legs lol, naah i lost my inspiration haha :)
no, no I don't.
im talkin bout the cartoon on Kids WB lol
Our pleasure! Thanks for organizing the chat. Looking forward!
Last night I saw 'Sound of My Voice' it left me frustrated and bored. at least the drinks were good!
Playing an acoustic show Saturday, April, 7th for the label expo
Awe, and mike visiting me on my sick day :3
RT : I'm gonna eat at one of the many restos don 25% to #DOLDC support
Stopping the shoe game, and starting with watches.
#IfOnlyICould get too tweet me one of those 'i love you<21' tweets causee' i lovee himm <21
Lots of ISSMA ensemble festivals and contests this weekend - Tweet us your group's results!
#JimLetten has gotta be up for a promotion. How can we keep him?
Damnit, Jannie! Saying it with fervor and attitude doesn't make it more sincere!
Nice 👍 🍴 RT : I don't wear pannies 80% of the time
Ah, thanks. I'll make the correction.
Must follow Amazing n funny
went to a concert
Hadn't heard about that before. Designing the Invisible certainly passes my page 99 test. :)
Here we go...the President can't control himself...
Warm in da chi
hmm..you don't have diarrhea of the mouth..like some of these shitheads..ever been to twitter jail?...
not there yet, but on our way. Made a pit stop at the Grand Canyon.
A fool if u need me to handle your light work in DC that shyt aint bout nuffin #GBE #DUDLEYBOYZ fuxx 3milli its always 300 BLAKE!
i swear u can't be a good guy now days .....
BYE. Also, Voxer will charge you unless you're on WiFi ... so only do that.
I call false advertising on this peach.
..............having said that, the music played, whilst 'popular' was very enjoyable
My Moms tried to tell me how to play bball
Royalty or loyalty
It's in LA
50 cent wings at Chubbys this week!
Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix. Work break.
im gunna go soak up some vitamin d with
man, i got a short attention span...but on the real... is the issue at hand
Shouldn't have had the macaroni.
The Clippers give off that douchbag aura
RT Unlike artists on broadcast radio, artists on Pandora radio get PAID.
Let see how honest and forthcoming the NFL owners really are! Open the BOOKS!!! Union, don't back away from your demands. long live the fans
whats good bro, its Jose back in the states..
Who's going to see at tomorrow? We'll be there!
how is recovery coming along.
All this talk about CMS & anthropology has me wanting to build virtual museum of masks and cultures!
I want to book u for a party but its in england so would I have to pay for your plain tickets ?? X
TGIF but first another trip to the data center
we recorded the presentation, it will be posted online after Gotham JS.
thank u Jesse!
Huh #stoptalking!!! Im trying to concentrate here :0
my heart cold like russia, got jerked at the source awards, next year 200 niggas coming with swords!
": Possible "win and in" games on Saturday: N.C. State (at Clemson) and Dayton (vs. UMass)."
Recording a new song
im kicc ya ass next time down there
Just talked Liz Crowe through her first signing using - she had a blast! *happy dance*
Yes & thanks!
I think I'm falling ;)
I propose a social cookie week.
NBC's prime time schedule.
I honestly cannot fathom that Ben on the biggest loser lost 44% of his body weight. Incredible! Go BEN !
Felix G. Rohatyn~ What is desperately needed ... is the skepticism and the sense of history that a liberal arts education provides.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
RB Justin Davis is the most important target for the 2013 USC class.
bout to hoop at sc park!
follow back please
The need to play every game like they did today.
ugh, it's making me crazy, especially since I'm trying to get to work by 0600 tomorrow. I'll just have to take a lunch time nap.
Life is short, don't wake up with regrets. Love the people who treat you right, & forgive... but don't forget the ones who don't.
lead us to the win! #Heat we need to get back to lock down D
Maybe although I'm skeptical since the one Black guy scheduled so far is only 'Homeless guy'.....but there does look to b some
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible. Have faith in my love for you.
Always wonders if everyone is this awake and perky at 730 at the last day on confrences on sats or is it just librarians.?
marketing team.glad to hear of the 40% off of playoff gear at pantherland but,what about those out of state?Online would b nice
That's just stupid.
I finally found my other sock!
Will do baybay!
Clearly, you bought the pogs without skulls, snakes or kaleidoscopic tie-dye. RT No one likes pogs.
Fail. Fixed!
#childhoodmemories My Gramma taking me for a pottery class and lunch at the Pasadena Art Museum (now the Norton Simon Museum).
This about to be real awkward.
...needs to be made ASAP, while as many of the original puppeteers as possible are still alive. 2/2
didnt kno makin out to much was a bad thing;)
ha - if Hamels got hit with a 50-day suspension from testing who would be shocked?
“ “ Hoes want attention, Women want respect...””
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't vote
Not today... Social Science... all about brown people... :) "Chicano Studies"
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties ☺
Hmm, I guess maybe my computer could have gone to sleep during the 7gb download and screwed it up. Will redownload.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Is it cold at your #dealership? Consider keeping a stash of heavy coats on hand for unprepared customers.
"Don't stitch me up. Thanks, Banks."
H school moments were bad,very bad,but nothing this mean & soulsearing,how bad can u treat those beneath ur power
Neither a wise not a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
Sunday potluck picnic for staff =) in central park~! ... pictures are up here www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 check them out =)
I'll never get used to it, it's like the giants and jets coming together to form a new team
I left Henry's "tiny bear" at the gym & Molly just told me I am only nice to Henry & not the girls.
I'm a fan of all (beliebers, mahomie, rushers, etc) so if sum1 tells me to follow this person caus they r this n that.. I'm not goin to be
“: From groundbreaking to opening day, Disneyland was built in just 365 days.”
not really. Just me being stubborn :)
Man, I'm sorry you diden't make it. Next year i guess.;0)
This is really interesting episode of #30Rock...that is all.
- WTW!? I can't post a happy HAPPY BIRTHDAY greeting on your FB Wall. Only choice is to post under your VD Awareness post? Ugh!
So guys I love 
no, it's actually me saying that.. lol.
Lmfao , That Day Chayla Smiled At Me , Kaylah Said She Wanna Rape You .> I Was Too Fucking Done .
We want to make NYLA a more dynamic org. What would you like to see in your professional library organization?
Finally got my phone straightin out
laughing in the middle of the night , waking your aunt up, and being yelled at in spanish to go to sleep. :c <<<
hook it up!!
I understand that, my grandma is a social worker. and it's hard for her, but she loves her job
Spanish GP Podium. Maldonado, Lorenzo, Raikkonen
Helping girlfriend move - what is up with this "having real furniture" thing?!
I get into WAY too much ice cream when I work from home.
Does the media provide too much scandal coverage? That's the topic Monday at 6 w/Glen Moberg & media columnist Tim Cuprisin.
where u hittin?
im so with u on dat 100%
Just bowled a 140. Highest score ever.
but of course.
Suerae, Headsup ..your blog connections are not working :(
please follow us! i'll bake s'mores brownies for ya if you do! (even though i'm in new york and you won't get them...)
Just found Ren & Stimpy on Netflix...It will b playing all weekend while working on JenoLo Tees
Aw! RT : About to see do some kickass improv with my lovebug and the unstoppable
Random people keep trying to add me on skype...maybe if they weren't old and cute I might add them ;)
I know you've been hurt by someone else . I can tell by the way you carry yourself . <3
What can produce more energy then the entire solar industry? Trash can.
I know right, lol. It look scurry.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Where The Wild Titties Are
Game 3 Friday..Lets see how that goes...
Bitch I'm me!
Just got done working 10 hours! Time to play some #MaxPayne3! -
who wants to hangout now?
listening to Last.fm
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
Wouldn't have found this if not on the front page of the print paper; long live physical materials/serendipity! ;-)
ME TOO. But I will devour anything that I read by choice, even if it is super academic.
What's up ma let me get a line so that i can see what you working with , i wan't to hear your beats.
Always wanted to go to the EMP! Not sure yet though.. I'll be a first-timer at MLA
Is it sad that I didn't go to the beach this summer.........and I live 5mins away........ I think yes and i now am regretting :|
Thanks so much! Gonna be a min. Have another couple big announcements prior to releasing the first tune off my album. Stay tuned!
RT I'm saying. Need to douse the body with holy water, make a trip to the Vatican, bathe in the Jordan River...
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22. I can wait
Excited for a great night at with Sunday Funday !
like how you gonna make a song about planets and don't even know all of them?
HAPPY OPENING DAY TO EVERYONE! GO TRIBE!!!
Grammy awards tonite= BULLSHIT like wtf all the ppl sang like shit accept for eminem,rihanna,katy perry,lady gaga,and drake! lik ...
Over/Under on the number of times you said "1-800-636-8686" during #SmackoffOnAMobile2? Let's set the line at 35...
the sooner, the better. Preferably during commercials.
is the #highered "best practice" just to follow other schools on what they do? There's no innovation, no risk takers.
first day of school! no textbooks! nuts nuts nuts. didn't read c&p either. bother.
was gudd twatter, i havent tweet tweeted in AWHILE
I swear, if you dont like my ways, den move tf up out the way.
please tell me you are not still at the office.
Barbecuing corn in the husk, and I just set an entire ear on fire. Holy crap!
Full Moon Party TONIGHT! beautiful night, people, vibe!
Ehhhh... what do we consider Justin Long?
Party in the Park returns TOMORROW 5/11 from 5:30-10:30PM at Yeatman's Cove. Performance by DV8, free food, great people, & it's free!
I am currently BORED
I was told has young nigga you can't fight learn if not shut the fuck up. I always been fight first shoot second.
Just got a random text announcing the birth of a daughter. I have no idea who it was from. If it was you, congratulations!
has moved out.
Why? It's cold here. And it's raining. And there is thunder.
youre so inspirational please follow or shoutout im in love <3
Han shot first.
Their ideas or "agendas" are suspect to me. September seems to be the only one w/ any inkling of compassion. It's his downfall. 1/2
Way to go JJ! Fuck man!
let me know what you think when you finally breakdown.
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
I'm so glad they received the box! I saw 's tweet! :)
it was hilarious. She asked for some of your drink lol
obsessing over the new Glasvegas album.
Conservatives are not at all the free market advocates they claim to be - they have their thumbs on policy scales throughout the economy
Me, too! She is hilarious!
We may agree about that. But the public school system has failed kids in Philly in a way that would not be tolerated anywhere
Lia and my mother look like twins except my mother's skin is brown.
listening to Anthrax's "Worship Music" now. Not sure why. It's great for keeping you awake through the after lunch doldrums.
thank you:)
“:when he followed me I cryed
Aw, hope you feel better!
Handle that ish.
But the wild things cried, “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up- we love you so!” ― Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Oh, you hate Facebook? I’m sure complaining about it on Twitter will fix all of your problems.
Snowstorm tonight in TO... for once.
Can't wait for super bowl tom
Capri sun stock took a huge hit today
I hate teen mom..
In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue. Happy Columbus day to all of you :)
I gave myself a full body clay masque - my skin is as soft as a baby's bottom! Great before self-tanning! www.SkinCareMasques.com
I gave up fake baking about 5 years ago and have never looked back ;)
This my shit
what I wouldn't do to be a fly on the wall.
Shump look done. Damn!!!
my wife wants to have your hair!
Bww , watching the game
your uncle will be very pleased that you finally got it together to serve hash. An RMB favorite.
your eyes? ;)
Long trips are amazing. I highly recommend a trek to Everest base camp (not the season now) and Nepal. WEW
Hot pockets and oatmeal. Lastnight I paid bills. (kanye v.)
thanks for the hug ;)
Damnit el rodeo you failed me!! There is not one parking spot!! #seriously ?
I like this one, Ziz. Hope you're doing well this morning!
you know the livingsocial lunch deal expired as I was trying to purchase
I was born a skeptic.
Thanks for visiting us yesterday! It was a positive and happy end to an eventful and exciting day.
Was going to take an Ambien...thankfully I have the USF game instead
hahahah I love you!
I have to go to school now...
Like us on Facebook for specials & instructor changes: East Village Body Shop Spas/Beauty
Thx for the free 30 min en route to #CES. Will come in very handy!
How You Doin :)
"I can get hood, I'm from Ross"
I'm bouta try to get put in twitter jail. Only thing is I proly aint got enough to tlk about
....and now #Klout will say I'm an expert on ipads.
Informal hunky-dory poll: how's it going for you all?
Watching Sheeple News for the LAWLZ
Civil Unions are an acceptable replacement for Marriage, just like charity is an acceptable replacement for health insurance.
I wonder what time it is in Spanish
ahh, haha i left a while ago =] see you tomorrow!
Eep, that last one was a phone-typin' 2-AM post-margeritas fail on my part! , thanks for the follow!
imma give u a retweet but stay off my timeline wit all that G talk find a way to block me with them
Okay, let's do this.
Ko speaks about social media and also ab out the sex pistols
Brooklyn, tomorrow night! niina pollari () reads, and there is pizza. 305 court street, 8pm.
shut the frack up.. You didn't!!!!! Wow. I am not sure how I feel about it... Thus far.. I am displaced and confused!
he is I dont know why people make him seem like he is an ass cause both time he was super nice
Follow & #INVEST in #EAv #EmpireAvenue #Twitter as we did-- CHEERs
You're in the mix with VJ GEORGE G, bitches!!!!!
A Bug's Life is still like, so cool.
repeat it all you want because I totally agree :D
Or...what 3" #Vinylmation would be cool to do as a 9" custom?
damn you all gotta get on the ball!!!
I'm supposed to be studying 😳
Snow Flurries!? Really?! I know it's Winter & January.
Grease is the One that We Want
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized. </3
Spring is officially here, and the rain has come with it. Tracked-in mud can leave your carpets looking drab, but we're here to freshen up!
Early morning Treadfit for the first time in a long time... I have a feeling I am going to be very sore/sleepy today!
Now I have a reason! AWESOME. Fuck everything.
boy that has to bug ya! Their has to be a buzz of what's going around your house? Bad jokes!
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes. -John Dewey
This new #twitter interface is right handed :( Does anyone know how to revert to old-twitter?
same old shit.
are you sure that was while we were there? mighta been fall of freshman year, when i didn't know how to do anything.
Thanks! Will check out these products. Glad I found you.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!11
Real women get a call before bed, side chicks get a text.
#Pioneers take a 34-24 lead over the #MeanGreen with 16:42 to go in regulation.
I wanna go to a performing arts academy.
Congratulations to the Juilliard Jazz student composers and musicians who performed in the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert!
I hope everyone is having a good week.
Itz my song.:..hope u liked it
is the funniest dude in the world....
Congrats! That's big news times three.
its not as rude as you! ill get one in june
Stand-By Alert !! Tchoupitoulas -- Saturday
was it good?? I heard it didn't have good reviews
#BBW #Royce really needs to start acting her age...
Swagging and smoking some kuuuush!! get like me, and stop worring about bullshit and be happy. lol
And you want to be dressed in poetry, But imagery doesn't fit And you want resizing, But darling dear get a grip. "Lyrical Lies" by CIWWAF.
Let him down right overit.
good morning drinking down my coffee with some MaxPro good stuff giving free samples @ w.mmabq.com
Even when life seems too hard, believe you can face it, not because you're strong, but because God is with you.
time to find new friends
luckily I can recite that movie by heart.
They have room for more than one, but for whatever reason Calipari feels they only need one more guy at this point.
On my grizzly
good afternoon
"Close out games are easy" ey Bynum you fuck
do you notice all your beliebers!?
Thank you for having me. It was a wonderful experience! I can't wait for next week! #YPSupport Thank you ladies!
NOT LIKE THAT <3
You're doing it? DOPE. Get it get it get it.
Going to be honest, I've got a whole new love for "Call Me Maybe" after #140cuse yesterday.
No school today #sick:/
Muwahaha!! Must be like looking in a mirror!
each team lists the songs on their website
What's the largest work reimbursement you've ever submitted? Mine was over $5,000.
yes, roughly 2 hours from now.
i hear ya RT : We haven't won jack for 20 years...and we win tonight, and some are still pissed? Un-believable!
“: threadless pairs well with African curry dusted Key West shrimp and cilantro lime vinaigrette. #CCBW” That's awesome!
I missed u too but I heard the laughter thru the wall so knew it was u!
oh work how i hate it..atleast sam comes in:-)
Good morning to you!..have a great weekend too!!
speaking to your other side: the Kardashians and Jersey Shore will soon be old news, doing good or giving will always prevail!
Ready for a fresh start
Ready for Thanksgiving Day Dinner orders at www.PatricksCatering.com Save 25% when you mention this tweet
Thank you to all emergency medical personnel who save lives every day!
Just got attacked by a gigantic killer fly wif
I really love that when my friends and I end conversations we always say "I love you". It makes me feel... loved! :)
I suck at twiiter
predicts in a landslide.
Anyone dressing up as Rick for Halloween this year??? Tweet your pics !
Let's go
To celebrate the storm is gone, and have a good time, go to www.thehurricaneclub.com
Listening to the Dj play good music while I'm just chillen makes work enjoyable
you are our first entrant! Tell all of your friends at
Yes! It's the altar call of academia -- get right or get out, this is your last chance to be saved ... get it?
thanks for the hardwork! Get that degree and on to the next step! Good luck!
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
Happy Birthday! Have a wonderful day! :)
Tip #161: Sometimes the best decision we can make is to quit playing for the night.
John 14:12. Praying for the impossible. Praying for my city.
hey sis are you coming here this weekend?
Talking to !!! Get to see her tomorrow!
Classic LSU cheap shot because they remain down...
loved it :)
At very gray LAX- en route to Folsum for Universe of Dreams tomorrow. No, not the prison
Back in Florida after an awesome week on the Pearl with Thanks for a great first cruise and first time outside the US. :)
Always wanted to taste cuy!
yes. A long time ago, they use to have a thing called "music videos" I remember when it first started
The purpose of life is to fight maturity. Werthimer, Dick
Belgium and Netherlands
have faith son!
ADAPT Training is 12 years old today!!! Thanks to all of our friends, family and clients who have helped us grow!
If YOU want to sign up for Year 4, send an email to and request a registration packet!
Be sure to check out Kevin's "Talkin Walkin" pod too! Chris Walken has never been funnier!
-I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
Lead story on ESPN.com: "Tom Izzo doesn't like Michigan." Stop the presses.
i miss talking to your beautifulness(:
Haha. Yeah it would be sick. Funny thing is Subway sent me a coupon for the hashtag reference. Haha.
Why am I in school...o yea im a good student...wish I was at the beach
“: “Shame is a tool of oppression, not change.” There’s no shame in living with a
Who the hell is going to buy a "sports" 2seater hybrid that gets 31mpg and goes in 10.5 secs? #HondaCRZ Original CRX from 80s got 41mpg
no but IM hispanic why?
Your dignity is all you have
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
it's running every Sunday at noon fwiw, me & start headsup if we have to. I anticipate a decently full game Sunday.
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
Daily GTKY question: Do you get massages, pedicures or manicures?
Live out of your imagination, not your history
Next Houston show coming May 27th, more details coming soon!
Just now. Evidently I am an offensive lineman! Good news is NFL pays much more than college administrator!
should be! it's a mix of stuff: information abt estates, renovations to buildings, annual reports, and, of course, burial records
FAT ASS!!!!lol
thank you!
Houston...we have a problem! =)
ASMAC PRESENTS: A luncheon with Frank Marocco-the most recorded accordionist in the US- Wed. April 20th 11:30 Catalinas Jazz Club Hollywood
"relax girl, sip some of my slurpee. You don't have to lie to me, it's fly to me."
I can't wait to get home nd eat
Looking forward to it!
Nothing like a little John Williams on Pandora for mornings like these.
Blue Magic just came available for the night of Friday February 12th! Contact us for details on how to book! 447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
The question plagueing earthwork contractors in Northern Virginia. When will the rain ever stop? The answer, site drainage! Ask ECS about it
