"I told Corey at halftime I screwed him" - George Karl. Now Corey Brewer is sick.
When inspiration's lightening electrifies u 2 immediate action & ur inner muse speaks impatiently u have no choice but 2 obligingly listen
not really :)
Thanks Erika! Glad I can serve up some good stuff for you!
having a cheat meal today since I don't have groceries! In n out burger protein style, fries and a Neapolitan shake!
So now we know that the general election will feature a bland Ivy League party-alienating millionaire vs. Mitt Romney
No, I don't think he will win another
Sophie, Annalise, and Laura.
“: Will it be that easy? RT : Gonna have to beat The SEC twice for that to happen. LSU then SEC champ in BCS.
Paranormal activity 2 was on some other shit.
Pitino has 16 I thought? What am I missing here.
Hey people im her hangin with my mom and this is awesome but she is singing so can someone hellp me pliase
Or at least omniscience!
where u dick?
Just got off work. Time for a jam party
Looking like I'm reading, but I'm not really reading. Ahah.
2nd car paid off! Our debt snowball is rolling!
rest, medication, and fluids
ladies leave your man at home!
Unfortunately, as fans we're becoming used to this kind of garbage.
Viruses + vampires=samesame. Both unkillable bits of evil. Sweet dreams!
I advise you to venture into business bartering through Systematic Bartering Plans
edub what's up
what are some of your favorite topics to write about? Other than the grandangels, of course!
happy birthday!(:
"If you like the debate, you will give us more money. That is all. Ron Swanson."
Kenny! Happy Birthday ! You are fine iloveyou !Since you're the older brother are my brother #foreverbelieber♡
what would u say about a boy and a girl who love eachother very much but cant be together because the girls family hates the boy
Do You Smell Roses Anyone ? On Wisconsin !!!!!!!!
call him the CEO, him and duncan are the only two left that actually use it consistently
was reminded today that my last day on the job will be 12/17 so come one, come all with job leads, leads, and more leads.
you are beautiful and do look like a goddess, but this photo was not taken by me. I'd love to work with you some day, though!
PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - May 2
Yeah i know lol RT : I was jus talkn about football, dont know where your mind is...
you guys were awesome tonight. Thank you!
Feeling the spirit of inspiration today. Think I'll slap some bass...
Chickpea Stew Recipe from Bon Appétit
I loved Carlos Tortolero's presentation. John Wayne was not the first cowboy. It probably was Jose Wayne or something haha
and im still here....
Mention that you haven’t appeared in the society pages because you’re “intensely private.” #livelikethe1%
I'll do watever I can to make it stop and to make you happy!!
Adventure Time...
Happy Charter Day to the Mu Beta Chapter Of Sigma Alpha Iota! I am so happy I am apart of this lovely chapter. EEEEEOOOOOTA!
Officially in New Mexico, "the land of enchantment"
thank you...hopefully!
#MyCelebCrushIs Matthew McConaughey. Ever since The Wedding Planner. :)
Im old enough to know better but young enough to not care
Help, chicago friends: friend is looking for a place to stay in chi on11-22 May. Cheap & with wifi. B&b, couch, room, anything?
Probably getting thoughts bout moving over there .
Does it say on my forehead somewhere I dig psycho....don't think so
God has something better for me than now
Good morning North Texas. What is everyone's plans this fine crisp weekend?
I will be at the ISTE precon! Lindsay & Lance planned a great event - see you there!
preach JM! We got this...
Stunning Saturday ahead! Sunny with highs upper 50s to low 60. Sunday upper 50s with increasing clouds. Home improvement or yardwork?
miss you.
I'll be a guest on with today at 4pm PST on the Network, re: marketing of Tebow/Manning.
if that was your point, then I apologize for missing it...clearly, this is a topic of passion for me.
RT : Funeral Sevices will be held this Friday at 11am at Congregation Schaarai Zedek in Tampa..for those...
Guuuuhhh, my body hurts. Good night.
I miss you!!!! Hope you're having a better day .. .
It's usually raining or cold or even snowing for #drakerelays! I remember freezing one year while serving as judge for parade
Good night tweeps :)
okeyy. we have like 2-3 weeks to finish it so i won start it soon haha
lol knew you'd peep that
#Buy30Days or you hate life.
Gonna get fat if I keep eating burgers all the time.
Good school day until the very end when I embarrassed myself and it wasnt even funn I hurt myself I think I heard people laugh -__-😔😞😣😖
did u go back to school
My aren't looking very good lately. Where's the bats?
Awesome! Thanks so much!
#10songsthatmotivateme - Rounding out the list: A Silent Film - You Will Leave a Mark, Ben Folds - Rockin the Suburbs
Bring your Mom out and enjoy the gorgeous weather on our patio today. Brunch goes until 3 as always!
retweet if your bored as fuck
One, song, left.
his natural beauty.
So how is something 'made in China' pro-America? ? Answer! U want me2believe u want us to succeed? ABSURD!
wait! Was he already married or did he just get married because I saw joe posting wedding pictures?
Opinions are split on whether or not the commercial real estate market has hit bottom or not
...Plus, Reggie Wayne is probably going to follow Peyton Manning. #Broncos line up Wayne, Thomas and Decker with Manning directing.
i kid ! After last night I need to detox :-/
lol i was hoping you'd see that.
He cooking dinner I'm caking on the phone it feels so to get pampered daily!!
we record bands. Come by and check out the studio if you want.
Attending twitter class with
I'm in math class:(
k just stop cos like..
how is the pup?
I wanna learn Kung Fu...like Neo did in the Matrix!
NASTY! Thanks for the heads up.
Ashley, just saw what happened! So glad you're ok. Will I be seeing you at PLA next week?
been exchanging links to your reviews with my pal for the past hour or so. Really enjoying your shit, man!
Good! I'm doing well, too.
Dave! Thanks for having us! Portland love! :D
loved the movie :)
ya, agreed, heard that viewpoint from a few people...haven't seen MLB's at the ballpark yet, but have heard good things
Rainy Day in Orlando! Working on marketing pieces today.
Enjoying a Manhattan...in Manhattan. Plus, some kind of goofy snack mix that has butterfly shaped crackers in it.
Dude, I'm gonna be bringin' stuff home with me!
I would buy a Pentatonix album tonight.
hey check out my new youtube. ronster729
Got lunch brought to me by a surprise person....brightened my day ALOT!
Has anyone seen Doomsday Preppers? This show is giving me anxiety!
it was a bday party. Guy was moms ex. Got drunk/high and argued w/ everyone grabbed a shot gun and started firing some shots ...
I will miss you so much! I believe Daniela can do as great as I did! Thank you for the Persian dinner tonight ;) Love, Matt
“: "Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish." -John Quincy Adams”
Exclusive:Mountain Lion warning at a North County school.. Tonight on NBC 7 at 11.
I'm so jealous of all you folks at #VMworld I'm gonna want details!
You keep me updated and I'll reciprocate.
thanks for sharing. was a great event!
Yes the News say no more snow...
Follow and they will donate $2 to the March of Dimes.
I've been good! and ''little one'' isn't so little anymore put it that way! :D
RT : 20 yrs ago 2day I was diagnosed w/ cancer-didn't know what my future held! God has over-delivered on every promise!//YES!
Happy Birthday So proud of you for fighting every day for the greater good of all people. #loveyousomuch #nevergiveup xoxo
go see a local blues act
thanks for the follow. We are print to order. So once you make a sale we print and ship for you. Email us if you have more Q's
im playin that Mercy remix now...so insane
Never Say Never. Put Your Hearts Up. Radiate Love. Just Say Yes I Can. ♥
Good diet can help your dogs shedding issue-talk to your Vet -maybe it's time to make a switch!
hey!!!.question. Wht do yu look for in a male performer??? Lemme kno
We just sent out a press release about our auction tomorrow. IT's looking like a great day to auction some awesome things tomorrow!
I just got an email from Feather Your Nest. Made me think of you. ;)
Verna McClain&#39;s text messages may indicate mental illness
you are the new FIRST LADY! Wow - with great power comes great responsibility....
well i been using this from my ps vita and it doesnt hqve a ringer on it. I maybe out that way soon
MY BOYFRIEND IS ENGLISH and waxes at EWC!
Vanisha doesn't even have a comb in her car, what am I supposed to do!? Lmao
The Holiday and The Notebook are on my DVR...this is a serious problem
I learned how to do it to make my nose look smaller. No lie. Oh, youth.
If anything, I know of some great trashcans in the #thirdward to feature your art in. RT : I'd talk to
never count me out im a valuable soccer sleeper
Disneyland could have "legal" fireworks and I cant?! Wtf!
Who else is having fun with Chrome Canary? "Dock to the right" feature is awesome, allows for narrow size widths for responsive theming.
Yes. And I bet you couldn't be happier. :)
I cant tell who you are by just your name, try making your profile pic, a picture of you.
Judge Patricia Wald delivering "instructions" to the jury/participants of the
Thank you for recommending the works of Alve Noe - Out of Our Heads. I am in the process of adding new books to my library.
First Lethal Weapon and first Seagal, Above the Law, touch on it - pacification of populace in Vietnam c. '69-72.
I suck at showing my feelings. Blah.
Our culture's approach to poverty needs criticism. It also needs involvement. Critique with personal commitment to a better approach.
I just finished a 3.92 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Happy New Year's Eve! I'm partying it up with the guys and Lizz tonight! Tons of food, games, and nerdy stuff. Ought to be a blast.
Ideas ideas..
Wow - astounding difference! RT : In Mass, unemployment rate is 8%. In Mass communities of color, 30%.
definitely #4...the most versatile of the bunch; jazz, rock, funk, fusion, country..all in one!
:) my life at its finest
I did. I really did. Gosh, this better be fun or I'm kicking your butt.
In this long ass line wit tha Bg's.lol
lol i third that
Its called evolution get used to.
No...it's a NUT GRINDER. I'm #dry lol
in the office working on Monday's issue... FALL TV REVIEW EXTRAORDINAIRE!
good idea, I can only do one thing at a time
Who likes CHAMPAGNE?! Come in for brunch tomorrow! We'll be servin' up $3 mimosas!
“Virtually every publication in the world right now would desperately like to be 100% digital” Josh Quittner - Flipboard...
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you shit your pants....again
#Consistency and
sorry..can't mess w/ the hair!! haha
Well. Considering my tolerance, I should be drunk, and yet I am not. Hurray for me!!
I saw it last night for bout the 100th time. Love that movie
Springer's really turned it on. Still striking out too much, but really driving the ball.
you're cute :)
it's a Canadian bloody Mary. Bound to be different.
Reading abt "Recruitment & Retention of Underrepresented Minority Graduate Students?" via #NAGAP Perspectives mag I received today!
Don't let the Internet become a less secure place. Please contact your congress rep about Internet Censorship. americancensorship.org
Donald O'Connor was in the army in 1944. He seems like such a happy guy! But then again it's a movie....
R E T W E E T THIS IF YOU WANT SHOUTOUT
The word "IMPERFECT" actually spells "I'M PERFECT." Because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
I know!! Woo :) LOVE
I didn't mean to offend you when I said you were stupid. I honestly thought you already knew.
The NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Series will be featured on ESPN through 2016 as part of a 5-year, multimedia rights agreement extension
I'm now the old party pooper who goes to sleep early when friends are over.  it's my body's fault for being so tired 24/7...
ah working from ur phone? thank god for smart phones or we'd be dead!!
#artsed #nyapd #f2fconf pd for arts educators should have expertise coming from the educators and be engaging and fun
Hi Marta! How are you! Can you follow me? love you <3
You'll know when it's effecting you, when you try going faster on your stairmaster to get away from the smell
Life is so much better now that I don't have a Facebook. Sad how shit works.
Heard that was checking out amazing student art at Gwen Frostic School of Art Exhibition last night. What's up with 5.4.12?
Anyone who appreciates Gene Rayburn is worth following.
god man
Yes, waldo bars do smell like sewage. Go somewhere else if its that bad.
Who taught you to put English on a cue ball?
putting the period . in front of the @ helps it be more visible
oh I have an idea
they brought it on they self fam
If I could go back in time, I would take the braised short ribs I just made to the prom.
Ouch!! Josh Hamilton out for 8 weeks. This will be a good test of the team's character
getting drunk will be inevitable tonight
It just proves he's a good, good man!
are you still looking for an #OWS photo? I think I know someone who took some today.
Keeniun still hasn't paid me the remainder and he hasn't returned calls or my email. I'm about ready to have him served
but you see my dilemma why funny shows when I'm working out
yo you too the y today
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative! Gets the people goin!!!!
“: Steamed shrimp... “: Old Bay and ___________ #TeamOldBay””steamed anything
You're a fuckin idiot
Rod Serling~ It may be said with a degree of assurance that not everything that meets the eye is as it appears.
Bitches like to have fun wit dudes wit change n I doubt that'll ever change
Mooooks (: , what happened?
#erl12 hey group I'm meeting with this morning--we're in the back right hand corner of the Tejas room
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I love this game so much it's so addictive" by Katina
I am a nerd
GG!!! How do I accept the follows? I don't see the option :(
That awkward moment when making Thai noodles turns into making a Thai pepper bomb on the stove. Still coughing a bit.
Thursday-night trend lately. Showered and in bed before the sun goes to bed.
Dear San Diego Port District, please do not Surrender The Kiss at the waterfront
Going to date a #Virgo? Manage your appearance. Virgos prize neatness and cleanliness.
Oh. My. GAWD. I just got a sudden surge of horny-ness that I am totally unable to control. I need a dick inside me NOW.
It's like you know me or something! ;)
Are You Ready To Run?
Just watched the "1995 Young Comedians Show" on HBO starring Dave chappelle and Crushing it even back then.
I wish i knew people.. Important people. Not you.
I need new people to text
I love u. Thank u. Might take u up on that real soon. Xo
#QuitActing like you care. it's clear that you never did
Very sorry for your loss.Prayers for your Aunt Dee and You :)
You're so kind.
haha who's your team?
AND another #FF to some of our great supporters
you, me, & are skyping tonight :)))
Very cool, but only compatible with the D3200 :(
That's great!
:-) Beautiful catch!
Michael Pollan is on stage at Heinz Hall. Afterwards, in Manfred Honeck's office, he'll tape a segment for tomorrow's Good Morning America.
It doesn't matter how big your organization is, says Chad Jester. "You have to just do something" to help our community.
big fan of what you are doing. Was just talking about the need for PRODUCT management tools.
The art of window dressing...Check out Hunter Douglas their designs are exceptionally attractive!!!
I would settle for just one Mix.
“Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future” - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Uhoh...in for a bad storm?
Number of trips made by bicycle in USA more than doubled from 1.7B to 4Billion + in 2009
has really enjoyed the day off. ...
There’s an old proverb that says pretty much whatever you want it to.
There's plenty of time to finish the week on our Leader Board! Give us 30 minutes, and we'll help make it happen!!
I need to read your thesis then. Be sure to bring extra copies to Vancouver! :)
IF I EVER LOSE MY MIND DNT LET ME LOSE MY STROKE
I. Hate. Guys.
Remembering to breathe and smile and see the beauty that is
Can it be any nicer in Milwaukee right now?
the heavy
Interesting-hadn't remembered CDC not on board when piece reported.
Set a time each nite where technology is off limits & attention focused on ur kids or partner.
where r u @ watching the game from
and Jim's suggestion reminds me abt the orwell essay on goobledygook.
RT Both groups back together now at 3rd and Main stopped in intersection. Police asking them to move on loud speaker.
I'm not big on any of those authors, but Meiji Taisho lit crit just never gets old.
Even if I were drunk, I'd still be able to throw a perfect game. Bring it on, motherfucker.
Have a safe and amazing trip to Hawaii apparently
Wow RT : POR players complaining about Knicks showboating is a joke. DO something about it. Never seen a more hollow team. All talk
I done seen some things in my life!. And they sure are pretty!! . #Only if you knew!
Thanks for your patience!
Werk #fashion RT : "Walk, walk, fashion, baby..." at London Hotel for #Genlux party
Tight promo package my dude!
& leggings with no panties or thongs underneath I c that a lot
Just got my Tooth tattoo touched up at American Electric Tattoo Co in LA. Very nice people. Recommended.
whatever nigga. U know u like boys. Don't ever come to Cali vato.
two new songs on their way. If this eye infection clears up then I'll perform them on next Ustream show on Tuesday.
I just hope there's a shitload of punts downed inside the 5
haha nice to see you here too! wait what time is it there?
I'm really excited for tonight but getting nervous--need to find a distraction so I don't wear myself out before the big event!
Cognition trumps computation.
America is raising a generation of sissies!
Hey kids, returns tonight. 10pm to Midnight on We're going to have some fun.
I Still Got U Homie. That Twitter Beef Was Pretty Funny Tho Haha
& are awesome. Check them out
yesterday it was decided that Hollister is the Worst Place on Earth, which kicked Times Square out of the #1 spot
well u won't have to get rid of them if u work on getting that size again
103 degrees? Time for a run. It builds character.
hey you remember how dominant Josh smith was in 2K back in the day? Lol
I would like to volunteer (if volunteers are still needed) for #mcn2010. How do I go about doing this?
OMG this is so sad. You CAN change! You so can change.
F all the gibronis out there! #brosandbrahds for life.
She'll get out one way or another might take some time though
All-nighter continues into an all-dayer. I believe the concept of shooting video and photos on the same shoot... a poor allocation of talent
U r a strong phenomenal special angel-we all know that u r going 2 be just fine -just want u 2 know that we're here & we luv u!
uuuuuuhhhhhhh getting ready for..... wait i dont wanna say it......i get bored even hearing the name but imma say its #school!!!! boring
RT : G'night my lovely Twizzers! See yall tomorrow!
My brother loves me too much haha But I felt so bad...he cried until we had it fixed...
Hub and spoke innovation alliance here in Baltimore says
Woo! RT And now to make Jello shots.
Realest in my age group, no shit.
text me
I forgot! k
GENIUSNOW: Submarine available on Netflix.
So really don't want school lunch so gunna convince mom n dad to get my lunch when I leave school next bell
Looking forward to sharing insights with you!
Feeling fat
turn yur heads bum
I'm so glad
Went to the Brickyard 400 today...I almost screamed when I saw haha :)
where u working at? dnt tell me wallmart thank you
We are in the process of setting up a Groupon! Can you please help us by adding a review on Google, Urban Spoon or Yelp asap?
OMG 1k !!!! I'm so happy! Thankyou very much xx
Sour cream an onion dip with everything crackers....OMG yum. Helps me concentrate on SP 2010.
dry rose and a lot of it. :)
Check out my good friend Estebans YouTube at Estebeast And my good friend Bradley at Brad
Is finally 16 today:)
Watching "Waiting for Superman" documentary about #Education here in the U.S. Watch if you care about our kids' future.
Let's go Broncos!!
Say NO to the demands of the world. Say YES to the longings of your own heart. - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Lookin at phones online
"and if she starts to have seizures again don't give her Ativan.. She makes them up" lol the dr said this to me and I died laughing
the fast blue fox hopped over the lazy dog.
God determines how this will all end, so do me a favor and delete your version of MY story...
it doesn't matter... You're mentioning a hot tub, we're mentioning awareness of a hot tub. It's super tempting.
"is this wifi organic?" "Netflix me"
Dear "normal people", I'm not weird, I'm limited edition. Sincerely, lighten up, you only live once.
this morning on metro, saw first sign of #swinflu panic: A woman was wearing a mask.
Curtis excels @ crashg into ball carriers w a ferocity that's in keepg w the sybl of the birdofprey proudly emblzd on his helmet. Pro! 1976
How about Tsing's Friction; Franklin/Roberts Born not Made; Chatterjee's Time for Tea; Piot Remotely Global.
Welcome to South Florida!
Gotta love having a dog and a cat who love to get up early on Sundays
That's me, thee obnoxious animator XD Great event, great people, great city, great games, great job!
COURAGE LEADS when assuming responsibility for the welfare of others matters above all else.
My wife and I had a great time in NOLA! Stayed in the French Quarter but explored the CBD and Garden District. Gotta go back!
Oh how I missed this school.
Well, no one from NM won the jackpot but some lucky New Mexican will win a 42" TV from ! Buy Local & Play Local :)
No idea, it just sounds so gross. I kind of want to try it out just to see how bad it is. I do like your idea though.
The extremities are so underrated but soimportant to basketball, especially good hands, just as cj
I say no!!!Deep down inside men know that women always have the power...Just makes our egos swell..
In the meanwhile check out this song I wrote for Roman Fingers that was rejected, then used for solo project: www.myspace.com/wendylnorton
All I can say is THANK GOD there are never ballot initiatives on the right to marry your cousin.
#AGBT. Look into the future of They have sequenced to 678 bp in house on MiSeq. Very interesting....
RT : Sounds like your next Yeah, I Ate That post. // Also probably the LAST Yeah, I Ate That post.
Ha! That, and foot stomping like a toddler. I have tea, but let's face it, tea doesn't cut it sometimes.. Like today.
sounds great, I'm all signed with my twitter handle too
Wade got the floater too?! Rio taught ERRYBODY watch Juwan Howard is gonna get that floater now too.
Our annual Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Awards Program will be held today to recognize top performing employees from our EMS Division
good morning. live and love.
Florida killing: Calls for justice rage on
Hold on. The surgeon is having an out-of-body-experience on #SavingHope for a whole season? And Patrick Wilson isn't the surgeon?
I can beleive I broke my damn phone. If it is one thing its another.
Reading a book at the library is supposed to feel studious. Right? Where did I miss the sign that says shut up to everyone else.
Jasmine Sullivan's "Excuse Me" >>>>
I like reminiscing about how we quarantined family members when they were ill.
Dude smeared #piss and #shit all over the men's bathroom at work. Bravo, ya jackass!
Dude why are you explaining your drama to me?
We had a hard day of coming up with new recipes...now time to relax and enjoy. Happy Saturday everyone!
one at a time next time marissa lol
I know the program option will win the vote -- but I'm stuck on how its not always possible to negot. the physical space bit.
You win w/ RUNS, You have to swing at good pitches & NOT swing at bad pitches. 26th in swinging at out of the zone pitches.
(West Allis) Sounds like Waukesha County had a pursuit & suspect fled on foot around the freeway & Greenfield after a crash
best place ever
Your hard word payed off! They look really nice
FBCD bid support coming in!!! Get in people you won't be sorry imo
Hey Bobby V., Let's warm up relief pitchers before starting pitcher reaches their career high pitch count or load the bases.
OMG! We Can legally be drunk the whole time! Bringing my 25 at 8am on the spot
"where do you get your ideas from?"-zach. "from my brain."- me.
...Tyler just wrote a song for me. Umm AWKWARD.
That wasn't the case. He was accused of Accusations of conspiracy. He took the easy way out.
it was shocking!
I love teaching group strength. I am a nerd.
jingle ball.
Someone should take me with them to see Steel Panther sometime soon...
Palm Sunday today, start of Holy Week. Blessed palms distributed today will be burned for Ash Wednesday next year.
is november 4 for houston , tx
I'm sure you could, Feel free to train with Morgann and I whenever!
I have some new necklace designs that I need to get my act together & list, so I know the feeling! :)
i followed her ps i have a friend who can sing REALLY well but is shy about singing in her junior high school.
thanks Ari! You're very sweet!🙌
I LOVE U JUSTIN BIEBER <3 <3
right on!! I've not seen that pic ever either...thanks for sharing I LOVE it! :)
School work is inevitable on a night without homework when you have online courses
Playing by tonight and every Wednesday at 6:30pm! Center City Philly inside the Ritz-Carlton.
But fuck them morals. Show me your orals!
TRAFFIC: Crash - Outbound University @ Park St. Car vs pedestrian
congratulations sweet lady. a very happy april 4th to you! :)
Haha! No such luck. His chocolate banana was good though.
will drop by ya & see if I can find u. Just wanted to say hi!!
“ and if i dont nothing imma ball.
dont worry ill send you a ticket so you can cheer for me!
him and i will work it out
Oh you better believe it!! I say we start a contest to see who can make the best facon!!
Thanks for all the book tips.
#senioritis teachers.. Give up
Up n need to be sleep but im not sleepy
Exhausted. When did halloween become busier than christmas? Oh yeah, when i had kids.
love it!!
this is gee im at skool!!
follow us on twitter
“Paths clear for those who know where they’re going and are determined to get there.” ~ Anonymous
the blond guy is definitely dying while his bitch is at that dinner
The Mamas & the Papas "Monday Monday" #stuckinmyhead Good way to start the week!
Facebook, Twitter and other social networking sites can be managed through Outlook 2010. Sweet!
#MIAvCHI is gonna be intense. asdadgfhjkl;
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was work me #TheFirstSongIHeardBy was my name is
I wanna take over the world with a beautiful girl by my side
How many times do you hit snooze button? I'm up to 5 this morning.
Let OCRA’s accounting systems be your best defense against lost inventory. Call 303-333-OCRA to schedule a consultation.
Can an iPhone and a Droid please have a scandalous affair and make little iPhoid babies that have keypads? That would be ah-mazing!!
#ComicCon #SDCC Pro registration complete. San Diego, here I come!
wat u gon b drinking on
your going to get FAT ! Is josita taking you to school ?
I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress If you don't smoke sess, lest. I must confess, my destiny's manifest...
#nf dey on our campaign heavily.
please , you tha one said how I'm not gone have em in my purse
Happy Birthday?
lol poor Jackie go do something!
fair enough then: footballer in continuing feud joke shocker. Amusing. Life would be boring with the odd grudge eh?
pretty sure it's at Public Assembly in Brooklyn
says quality has become part of all global plans at every level, every role as result of internal comms' work
yea...Nuggs have been doing this for years though. I told my brother this would happen. Congrats.
that's Mike - he's a late-night creeper, but I've known him a long time so he doesn't scare me anymore...much.
haha. Maybe we can settle for the right several thousand viewers?
I'm there quite a bit LOL. i was worry my TO account would be in there towards the end. I got in it yesterday.
My boyfriend? Derek Bieber.My rapper? Shawty mane.My tough guy? Jason McCann.My idol? Justin Bieber.My inspiration? ♥ KIDRAUHL
Who oh who will publish my "Tuesdays With Bono" poem? I do I do love it so. Perhaps is only I though.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!!
there's nobody hotter than Trey Songz
We dont expect any Green Bay Packer fans to have a 'case of the Mondays' tomorrow!
Oh, booze is pretty important.
The stronger you stand for something, the harder it is to stand! I'm living a BIG life, to do awesome things!
Ganna go swimming pool her I come :)
hey mr how u doin
How bout them Hoosiers?
oohh! Okay..sorry for getting mad at you then! :/
omg throwback LOOK AT THOSE TWEETS NFJFKFNSL
North Carolina vs. Creighton delay tip time due to CU bus driver medical emergency, pulled bus over had to get help...
Me: "Im obsessed with One Direction!" My Grandma: "I've noticed." <3
#SeniorConfessionHour we all think that all freshmen are immature and childish, even though we did the same things... True
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. ~ Napoleon Hill
I am heading to Dallas, Texas. I will be performing tomorrow as the guest poet at WORDSPACE in the suburb of Oak Cliff. I am too excited. :)
kick there ass nicely of course then give em a hug
All Time Low made an incredible donation to Project 143 tonight at their SF show! Details announced tomorrow! thank you so much!
Waiting for Johnathon at mile 8 in Miami Half - 1st race ever!
Most pains can be avoided if people get short guides from doctors. :-)
This has been a really hard week for me, even with the small victories in between bad news. I can't wait to celebrate the weekend!
Why does it have to be as cold as the arctic in the south gym??
CHOIR PRACTICE
what wrong:(
It's a Kid Cudi type of night
all of #STEELER NATION would follow McFadden if he had a twitter account!
Watching the #Panthers vs. #Devils on 't really matter who wins, to me. But I guess I'm pulling for the Panthers, if anyone.
Thinking about the last thing my dad said to me: "God doesn't owe us anything. Life is a pure gift." Feeling alive.
So I saw the hunger games tonight.. Again for the 2nd time in 2 days c;
BI's Jill Krasny and her buddy, Zac Bissonnette are intent on discrediting Richard Lustig. Richard Lustig has been on TV talking lotteries.
Bounce that azz drop that azz work it like the twerk team bus it bus it bus it
Finally took my sew-in down...MAN !
awesome. But what's up w Hughes so far this season
Were you even born? And look at your cutie face and beautiful locks!!
Home alone? Fuck yeah I need this.
ah shit! Sounds like heaven- enjoy it!
it's too long.
Thanks for the explanation. I'm still confused.
You've been GREAT peeps!
GlynnDevins is looking for an art director/designer and a copywriter.
#praying! RT : I see you are Twitting like every minute cuz!
Well, I have to say that makes me really excited to be a UX designer. Fan-fargin-tastic. Well done!
The Wright Brothers, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Edison, and joining the list, Steve Jobs. . . he will be missed.
it is what it is. its what u make of it or how u fix it. just do what u do to keep on forward!
Yeah, buddy!! Glad to see you on the twittascope.
Monday, it's happening. And it's about to get owned.
No. No. No. No. You Will Meet Him! Stop That NONSENSE Talk!
Bro! Me. too
Love a good thunderstorm at night! I just might have to turn in early
Dang. Thanks for telling us. We're making that smarter. For now, "pick another level" and go to something more advanced?
You have to follow their great
Lmao this kids new hair cutt .. He looks hot .. In pictures and LOL
I really don't like the sound of chewing.
Enjoying hanging out with the Walker family in Lufkin, Texas. And eating dessert.
Chilling For Right Now.
Hello everyone! If you don't have plans tonight you should come see Romeo & Juliet --we are playing the pre-show at 6:30!
that moment when you go to buy your Kony action kit & t-shirt and ALL of the stuff is sold out . </3
Getting ready for the big four awards!
Paris gets a run in the 8th inning and leads Alvin 7-5 after 8 complete
RT Nothing make a Man feel better Then his Lady.
Spending part of #EarthDay doing magic be a hoot.
Cuts and color, natural or relaxed, curly or straight, long or short. We do it all!
#struggling it's ok you're on vacation!
your tweets are officially sent to my phonee.<3
I'm not sure i still feel awful
ALOT of small talk containing many big words?
RT : we have only one more week left of and I tell ya... if you haven't seen it, you just GOTTA!!!!
Why do ppl think I care bout wat they have to do when u careless bout wat I'm going thru
listening to fit bikes upstairs while re organizing the shop. magic.
As much as I enjoyed #TheRiver I thought the finale was weak and sadly we won't get to see a season 2. :(
yeah, not sure what is up with that. Trying to get to the bottom of it...
chh, Fillmore. They haven't paved it all over yet?
Meeting at Elmhurst College Library to discuss practicum, woohoo!
did u get tht book?
is still in los angeles...if so omg thnk u,u guys havent left :|
is seriously good as a statesman, dare I say.
You ignoramus(If that's how you spell it)
He call me when he wannnw changee .
wont be the same with out you if only we could rage one last time
Thanks so much ladies! Really appreciate it!
I'm excited to take Ethics and Transgression next term. I'm nervous as a Design major, but I need it.
I have that bridal tea today. I'm really missing you! :( wish you were here!
I tried the dress on and omgg it's mines perfect!^_^
« Haters only Hate the people that they can't have or the people they can't be!!!! #ThingsThatMakeYouSayHmmmmm»
Weather spotters report a tornado 8 miles east of Glenwood. Tornado warning continues for Pope and Stearns through 5:30pm
I'll try it tomorrow, as Saturday is my "cheat day" w/ carbs. Maybe I'll get some pie, too, at Market St.
Listening to music over computer speakers is as sad as buying a sandwich out of a vending machine.
From what I can hear someone is watching the original Power Rangers haha radical
Right. And I have problems because of the issues Caspar mentions w/Native Ams & slaves
Join us tonight for #Pandora Saturdays with music by DJs and at SET Nightclub!
RT My stomach hurts from laughing dumb self 😂😂 <---- Feels like you did some crunches huh? Hahaha
I thought that was u
Sitting on a terrace in Brooklyn on a beautiful day. All meetings should be conducted this way.
he just thinks i'm an easy 20$ but he ain't never played hold em with me!
Twitter says I should follow Elayne Boosler (spelled with a Y). I blame you. You comedians are all alike!
awww I'm sorry :( Hey, I bought vodka but I am doing without meat....priorities! #onabudget Hmm maybe I can UPS a snort?
is boxing dying as a sport
oh special rub lol. Cnt wait to have some good food tomorrow. Sux I work cause I really wanted to make the beef stew
I hope you trust yourself. Love and Light
idk why i just been so sleepy lately.
cool thanks. Just lied ur FB page. Just found new guitarist to work with which isn't easy in this town overrun with mercenaries.
was ripped off. JUST SAYIN.
how is your day going?
Happy Easter or Happy Passover
Autograph! MT : guy called me famous. why? he said 'beautiful people like u are always famous.'
What the Nats are doing w/the way they're building their team reminds me of early 90's Braves... I'd be ok w/seeing that streak replicated
Drawing the line on School Bullying says out loud that we will not be By-Standers...NO student deserves to be Bullied!
MDMA gotchu feeling like a champion
the lifeguard is in the hot tub
True. It is a fun place.
Yon rock on and represent at the #NASASocial and #MaytheFourthbewithYou !
Haha when!?!? I never saw that!! Lmao
Helping the elderly and disabled on a consistent basis.-Remember, we all will get there-.
damn man. Be careful out there.
i follow back(:
hey can you please follow me back? :)
A.K., thanks for the list of jazz greats. Nice to know more about good music.
What a fun game! Great 2nd half!“: WELCOME back to the playoffs CLIPPER NATION!!! Gr8 feeling but still lots of work to do!!!
Thank you and for RTs :)
Today I felt like a kid . Went to the zoo got on the slip n slide and jumped on a trampoline .
I'm ready to move
If you have a problem with a boss or landlord, contact Colorado Solidarity Network. www.coloradosolidarity.net
after a frustrating day of watching #sopa news I've yet to notice a pro voice on twitter. every tweet I've seen is vehemently opposed.
Travel safe, guys. And post lots of photos!
Come on down and see us!! Open till 9! And happy Wednesday people! Stay cool :)
Even among happy couples, 70% of relationship problems never get solved (instead, the couple works around them).
That's the way to do it Staatz!
It is National Pencil Day. You probably already knew this though!!
#WeAllHaveThatOneFriend who comes to your house just to raid your pantry
don't tell me it's a guys fault ?
run goot bro, may your draws hit and your made hands hold up.
After watching a couple of episodes, how can the Bachelorette find a decent husband when shy can't even see through BENTLEY's BS !
okay I followed you now follow me
BUM JUICE LMAO
I've been noticing that too.. beginning to wonder how many people will want to be near me by the time another 10 years pass...
If you don't have money that's gaining interest, im not interested.
Thanks for the follow Kylie!
HAHAHA! jesus! knew I was babysitting today, needed an early night...got on it far too quickly! half one you say?
Then get my nails done 😊💅
Come enjoy our wonderful Peruvian chicken sandwich on the patio.
Marion's release is so weird.
ewwwww you ugly as shit like meek mill w. No deal
Any1 goin to the game tom. u get 2 games for the price of 1. Im tryin to pack the yard then head to w/
change your name!
By far the worst dental cleaning l have ever had!
Turns out that I don't leave till tomorrow
move-in = successful
My fish almost died!!!!!! D:
This bitch is ugly.
#sacscoc Fewer than 15% report profits from online programs.
why was she crying??
I'm not sure if I owe $50 or $55.
The weak give in the strong succeed.
Half Time? Yes, that would be me! Sadly, no Vegas this time. Missing u peeps! Xo!
Aww hell naw my friend changed my twitter name to J Dog? Fuck you!
Why OH why must you always be tempting me with cheap flights?!
great read, classy to see people realize what Mr Davis did for the game of football and it's players
thanks man !! “: Listening to on ”
Amen to that!
Can you send me info about the 1-to-1 chat?
I hate my friends right now. All of them. Once I eat, that will probably change, but currently? Hate.
Definitely some lag there, but OBP obviously half of OPS. Just seemed you said slugging+OBP good, yet OPS a bad stat. My bad
It's the Soul Train Marathon in memory of Don Cornelius.....what great memories! Thank you, Don. Rest in peace!
Mr. Hebron is gonna be to live tonight!!!
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli soup and Tortilla soup. Sugar free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
You think Bills fans are annoying? Nothing is more annoying than a Yankees fan during the playoffs. Just saying!!!
Censorship is unAmerican!
what about Alex and Robert??
Teaching at NYU today after a long break, nice to be back. Teaching is learning.
We feel that way about working on the parade, too! Positive energy is contagious!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the was nice in the beginning but like I said they were fools gold
I was just thinking the same thing. I'm literally so mad I couldn't go.
So happy Phillip Phillips is in the finale, sad to see Joshua Ledet go over Jessica.
Just got through watching "Courageous", and its an awesome movie. Guys I encourage you to watch "Courageous".
Rock Star!
's single #ThanksForNothing is in the top 10 on iTunes alternative! Good job :)
Talking to made my day.
"There's a great person hiding inside all of us. When the time is right, they'll break out and the world will never be the same again"
we in the building
Dam...make sure u get new song...I LOVE U...its crazy...
Support some Italian LADIES in hip-hop too --> <--
Thanks for following us!
RT : Collective impact requires a mindset shift 4 funders from how to give money effectively to how to organize to solve a social...
Dude I have no idea. I thought it was an mp3...it was not.
I'm thinking I may apply to #ucla for Graduate studies. They may catch me out in westwood
First impressions are always the best impression so make it count.
As usual!": you go girl! You're fierce and saving your team once again!"
of course! that's what i'm here for :)
International Love <3!
Having a romantic birthday dinner with
haahaaha. #DeliveranceAbles -- Really stupid tasks assigned by client or ill-informed account supes to simply look busy.
Respect your parents, they pay for your internet..
Wish I could be at NCR! Good luck to everyone whos going! Rep SD Viscant!
it'd be hard to find anyone who agrees with everything duemig says...
We have talked about changing focus from NLP to Biology or Vision, so maybe next year you'll be able to justify it as part of job.
"Mom...I`m bored" "Ok, if you`re so bored why don`t you clean this..." "Never mind I found something to do.
What's your favorite type of sushi? Are you looking forward to trying authentic cuisine in Japan?
at the shop on wabash
The feeling is mutual luv!
Thank you everyone who donated to my Kickstarter! I actually surpassed my goal! I really appreciate the help <3
Ready to overdose on basketball. Go #Badgers!
Every man wants a woman to appeal to his better side his nobler instinct and his higher nature and another woman to help him forget them
Howdy. I will be in you neck of the woods LA May 14-20 2012
if you want doe lol , ask nick if he wants to chill
Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th @ 8.30pm
Yes I'm taking love!!!! Omg come!
always have wanted to go but haven't. I know Cal likes it so it's good enough for me.
Remember Pearl Harbor
Follow Lil Twist
no u come over
Angels we are a family don't forget that. We are not just a fan base we are family. The finest. 👌
the #UHbsb team has spoken tells me that needs to play country since over half the team listens to it!
oh damn,:-) well lol
God is really only another artist, he made the elephant, giraffe and cat. He has no real style but keeps trying new ideas. Pablo Picasso
Have a gerat weekend and thanks for the follow!
jk i dont have any friends (because i make sculptures out of feces) :~(
Bibby really must of hated playing for the #HEAT b/c he's performing for the
My son is asleep in his bed...not in hospital..not undergoing surgeries... #1love #BiebsforMia gnight. Let sun come up for us all..
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "Please hand me that cherry flavored food."
Last behind the wheel
they changed your bio. No longer
yeah im 16 on january 27th:)
Providing good coffee and depth-sensing technology is how we make all our friends.
About to make some breakfast. Haven't had hot breakfast in a lil minute
Terry Anderson is playing tonight....If you like James Taylor, you will love this guy! 6:30-9:30 tonight
...... I did tag you? lol I'm confused
This girl in here spitting in German...
Just visited and it was excellent! I got a coffee mug and a purple stone.
“: I wish and could be here cuz me and may get popped tonight lol #family”< me 2 Fam
The electric toothbrush first appeared in 1939.
what's up 4 tonight?!
"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." - Edith Wharton -- Denny Coates ()
SEC for money and geographical reasons. Big 12 blows ACC away, though.
good points, but you can't help but think almost any hire is a step back. What kind of shape is program left for nex ...
Likewise! Thank you for taking the time to check us out!
Californos is delivering great food all around Midtown Kansas City today! Parmesan Chicken, Mixed Grill, Lasagna Buffets; boxed lunches too!
ah not really lol
Caffeine High going INSANE!
We cannot afford disposable librarians. If you don't speak up, we are gone
was that supposed to be a good joke joe g-spot?
oh I dunno you can try meghanallstar that's my user
Best STD momment: "I just want to fuck this burrito!" guy walks in"NO! Don't fuck the burrito!" Lmfao:D
“: Girls with/that get ass shots <<<<<” the fuckery has begun
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
If you need to cancel an alarm, be sure and call us at 800.447.9239.
Drunk on the light rail with my babe and
New account for GlobaLinks Learning Abroad - home of
When people have dry, crusty nubs as fingernails<<<. STOP biting your shit.
Does shampoo ever expire?
Of course! Not expecting anything, just a reply about your process! Thanks for the info
Im so proud!
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing - Nietzsche
*laughs at your misfortune RT : I wish I could do those things and not gain weight back.
sososososooooo glad I got to see you last night. We need to catch up REAL soon :)
At my school, very high and growing. Started 6yrs ago with +-45 graduates. Last year 300 graduates.
I'm saying.
#COD #BlackOpsII comes out at the end of the year i knw what to get babe and for xmas
why you bringing me to vegas fag?
he's BACK
Thanks to everyone that has been promoting today and the great people we have added to our movement! Follow us on twitter!
Local listings: is your NAP consistent? do you have a capable intern? ;)
Good morning!!! When you can't sleep you might as well work!
I don't like this.
Thank you very much. I am glad you liked it.
what up. I see you twitter #after dark, that beat should be sent back to me from my peeps either tomorrow or Monday morning...
You're hopeless.
To all my followers(bolduc sheedy and joe): Go Cats. May we kill the Hawkeyes like like Sheedy kills a pie from Dominoes. Temple is awesome!
I'm alone in a grocery store on a Friday night buying dental floss.
RT : ULI's 2012 Fall Meeting Set for Denver; Nearly 7K Real Estate Industry Leaders From Around the Globe Expected To...
Is it a good idea to interact with a teacher/classroom if you're observing the class? Or should you be a silent observer?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley! ✌ 4:20 am Los Angeles
has anyone used trader joe's coffee filters? I put one in today and it broke apart and made a huge mess....advice?
You're almost having 9,000 tweets :) Thank you so much for tweeting amazing to everyone. You're always sweet to many fans.
I'd LOVE to read more of your thoughts on this; I'm inspired by your determination (and smashing). :)
can't wait til Tuesday!!!!
I think it was and
I already have a bruise from where you hit me ahah.
Looking collaborate with articles on genealogy? Drop me a line.
#pittsburghmarathon is going off right now.
Its not what you achieve in life, it is what you overcome.
Good Wife is a repeat tonight.
THE GREAT WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS ONLY BEEN GONE A FEW DAYS.LETS STOP WIT THE BAD AND JUST FOCUS ON THE GOOD.
We all need to be forgiven for something at some point, especially by ourselves. We can then ask forgiveness from someone with authenticity.
:) RT : Thrilled to be attending TWB'S production of Alice in Wonderland at the Kennedy center !! The costumes are to die for!
RT : Pretty full room at Turner Hall Ballroom. Excited to do the stage announce for at 9:30....
you a silly big girl!
yea yea yea. Lol
I love you all
Big Day Tomorrow
It looks like Mother Nature had her period on my car
This record right here!! Woo!! In the zone right now!! 😝
can't say anything against that one...haven't seen it, but heard it was great
If life gives you lemons, keep them, because hey, free lemons.
Where’s your favorite coffee shop; Is often asked of me? My reply the one I just left and the next one I’m going to visit
thanks for following. Your new book sounds great, can't wait to read it!
That 100th digital short was beautiful :') I love this effing show
thank you! If you only knew the shit thats going on..."he" is on a 2 week vacay in NY (mommy paid) and...
not so much lol
That's what it do!! Grey Goose wit a spalsh of cranberry... Let's do it big in 2012 HOLLA AT YA' BOI!!
At risk of butchering the exact wording - we're approved by the USGBC to have our Green Roof Power Point count towards CEU's for LEED AP's.
Crazy day. Crazy life.
I would hold you til the end of time. I would kiss away your tears. I would bear the burden of your sorrow...just to see you smile
now she feels like she has to prove herself hahahahhaha good
Thanks! No, I haven't had time lately...swamped with work. I'll definitely check you out soon, though.
Sadly,didn't record presentation, but can get u the slides & notes from the brainstorm after. Remind me in class?
There is no possible way to communicate this via DM. Is there an email address I can use to send you specifics?
RT : Cant wait for college football
Breaking a promise to me is just like saying #IDGAF = NOT a wise decision.
Julie Park on Fanny Burney: "the history of the novel as a medium for rendering artificial life"? Lifelike characters imitate humans.
and what percentage of that went to Congress and their entitlements?
CAN MEN PARENT? Men CAN author Don Unger thinks so! Check him out at the Modern Times Bookstore, 888 Valencia Street in SF, CA 7/3 at 3pm
I think it's the "ironing" part that's unusual.
And what a wonderful morning it is. Rise and shine.
ill go under!
- see!!!! It's so annoying! I have a charger in every room of my house and my car and work lol Smh
#dailyfeedback Fave Laura Nyro songs as done by other performers: Fifth Dimension/Blood, Sweat, and Tears/Jill Sobule
you'll have some freedom.
Oops, we are only open til 6 tonight so HURRY!!!!
I just typed my Twitter feed at 20 words per minute with 96% accuracy on my iPhone using
I'm not for sale. I'm fucking Love, do you understand what I'm saying? Like, the Beatles were for sale. I give it away.
-oh, more creative vibes - always on a quest for more creative folks! just saw your handle and thought of you fondly :)
When the CCP came to power in '49, after 12 yrs of war, China was destitute and backwards.
* and oscar .
#raw10 Saw a Man ridin a motorized hospital bed on the st. He laid stomach down and was steering goin 2 the store. Talking about a Lazy mofo
here comes Gil this week soo hopefully gives some scoring off the bench
Lakers against Heat ...who would win!????? HEAT DUH! lol
I hate you
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Hey Krystyna! Looking forward to your tweets!
I was up at ready at 730...
What are you doing to keep your kids "color safe" in a racist world?
On the hunt for an entry level position in PR or Marketing - over 7 months of PR agency experience - if you know of anything please DM me!
If you are heading out for Black Friday shopping this Friday, don't forget to stop by and pick up some chicken on your way out!
HILARIOUS!!! HA HA! Im so glad my tan is natural.
“: Writer's block? No bueno” < Nope!
Plus Two's make this world just a tad bit easier to tolerate
Hey all, an alumnus of Columbia Business School is working on a startup called KashPile, which has been selected as a finalist in the...
I am watching you at the airport. :)
it's my birthday, please tweet me?(: <3
“The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.” ~Richard Feynman
what the fuck is santacon? still alive
um what clothes!?!? Give them to ME!
no tears. Cone on. :)
And that is why they have to die.
it's almost time here in Hawaii :)
*~my school one of the best high schools of 2012...-_- they just lied on dis PA..Nord Nord Nord....-__-~*
You bad but you just be falling for the wrong dudes
don't you dare.
Sometimes when I find out the actual lyrics of a song I discover that I like my version better ;)
Gotta get out of bed, toss the laptop and get ready! No more emailing from bed starting....right after I answer this message.
Tony Stewart 3rd at Darlington not bad
Real talk tho! Sometimes a bit of Mystery is a GOOD THING
Thank you, , for the amazing pizza as usual!
Let Trayvon & others like him be a symbol of the work to be done & not the products that remained after his life was ruthlessly taken away.
Spending a few days scanning in Columbia. Over 300 pages of letters, diaries, loyalty oaths, and more!
good morning love (;
Dunno, but given WDYTYA's very good ratings on NBC -- in a tricky time slot, too -- I bet NBC/CBS/FOX might be interested.
Did you know weed is pretty much legal is ca. The hugo dude does
Umbrella and bus fail.
[Eph4]FatherGod desires love+unity+fellowship in the Church/Living Spiritual Body of Christ-We are spiritual members & joint heirs of Christ
I was impressed by you on MTV and now you take it to another level. Great Job
🌹#MothersDay must have put everyone in a loving mood. Everyone's so happy today! Did I not get the memo? Lol
You create your future in the moment! How are you living your present�
Thank you! Things are swimming along. Transitions are filled with check lists =). Have a great week! hope to chat with you soon!
Driving thru New Mexico and all that comes to mind is "nothing to see here, nothing to see here"
I really should check in on twitter more often. When did it change?
LeBron James scored 17 straight points to end the game for Miami. The #Heat went on an 13-3 run to beat the #Nets by 3.
What's poppin in #Pittsburgh tonight?
“: I cant wait to see and tonight at the #BTSTour2012 #Louisville” (Should be great!!!)
we hope you have a great birthday!
"you only want me when i’m (taken with Instagram)"
#liesthatalwaysworked "mom i dont feel good" you can stay home from school...
You know I'm trying. 😥
Good Morning!
Sexton -- Church caretaker - sometimes dug graves or rang the bells
I'm not going to wear braces again. Thank goodness!
its nice having alone time but I do wish I was with the fam
Free all you can eat ice cream sundaes!! #workperk :-)
So excited that will be back on TV this fall!! sounds like its going to be AMAZING!!!
thanks for the favorite Michael - hope you can make it! Boogie on dude
Holy cats and dogs. And I biked to work today.
I love this trend of billionaires doing crazy shit, diving to the deepest part of the ocean and bringing asteroids to Earth. More of this.
Me & JaNasia watchin police academy,so funny
Hello and Thank you Brian
That is beautiful!! Almost too pretty to eat!! Have a great day!
huh? Really? So you stay by yourself?
I"M GONNA MAKE PARMESAN PASTRY PUFF PIGS IN A BLACKETSALKDKNS:KLN
no you know when they be so mad they basically be like ' fuck it dont worry bout it ' but in reality smh they pissed af lol
Gotta love pay day #$$$
I wish we were allowed to fight in school.
Sucks... A childhood friend passed away and all i want to do is run into the arms of someone I can't.
Transcend what ties you down.
The #Bengals do need a law firm
It's so warm out there that hipsters are using the fans in their MacBook Pros to keep cool.
I Agree “: I know Joshua can sing, but he bores me #IDOL”
what?! don't make me google that....
Memorial Day is a great time to plant a tree in memory and honor.
thanks man! We gotta hang soon! Looking forward to your show at the artists quarter this weekend!
"Bedfordshire" - cute! Goodnight! RT : Time for bedfordshire. Up the apples and pairs. Night all!
nothing better than dirty dancing *.*
It was great to see you guys as well. Hope to see you and for Happy Hour soon at the hotel. Lunch anytime.
Well, hello there, How are you doing? Is school almost out for you?
Nice to meet you!!! I'm sure you know is your most loyal fan. ;p
Sweet flip phone Andrew Luck.
So appropriate ... considering I'm just 20 minutes from the place where the music died. ;)
Oh lord, are we about to see the "old" Floyd Mayweather?
Great turnout for #UConn v Syracuse. Thanks to all who joined us. Here's to a strong last 8 mins!
reminds me of my advisor
An elderly home invasion survivor describes gunpoint robbery. Only on Seven, coming up on ABC7News
Rocking out at Seabug! Sorry I still haven't figured out the whole livestreaming thing :P
“: Signing at the DC booth in 20 min. Will have copies of Batgirl 23 and 24 to sign and loose upon the world” See you there!
To all you jerks ordering jimmy johns in this rain: GO AND DIE.
RT : Survival not thriving RT A3 Staff dissatisfaction, burnout & turnover
A day without sunshine is like night.
Happy to help! RT : Thanks for your donations!!!
GROSS!!! RT : waddles along side bitter farts.
Chocolate dipped strawberries is a staple in this house
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!......wuts up witchu pretty???
I'm guessing had a really good day today. Mama Simpson has to be crying right now hehe
Thx Victoria! go to raelynns! It's by the movies as the mall behind kohl's it's a really good store! Lots of sparkle!
I'm not trolling. I think Obama's cowardice on this issue is appalling.
Hey, thanks dude. I threw a piece of paper at ScarJo with your phone number and address on it during the premiere for you, too.
Call me JB Cash flow
oh just people concentrating on the now instead of the long term. We both know how that works out for people!
Beauty is whatever gives joy. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
wow that's crazy. Congrats man. Enjoy your holiday
let's go back to the time when boys had cooties and the only time you got hurt was when you bruised your knee..
thanks for the like!We found you as well!
Come on out this Sun. May 30th @ Big Al's Garden 5pm in New Braunfels,TX. and watch me defend my UCW heavyweight title!
I made the mistake of watching that video this morning lol. I should've said a prayer before watchin that. Too early in the a.m.
I'll be @ #ISBNHour. Want 2 understand BISG's vendor platform vs product bcz it seems like the latest policy recs ISBNs for both.
come to PHILLY(:
Suspending this fee will save SD County drivers an estimated $10.8 million over just four years
I have great coversations with here
not at all! google "create gifs" there are a ton of sites to get you started, very straightforward
“: #thatmomentwhen "I" concretely and unquestionably becomes "we"” ......"we" completely understand.
Agreed. Homophobe, racist all in one..
We dare to be different
just let me knoww
#ff awesome people period
please follow me Madison <3 come to Florida :) ❤
Hey -- thanks for the
Why do people still watch TV or the media, Strauss Khan case?
My phone won't charge ): stupid #blackberry . #iwant an #iPhone now.
love your avatar! you look like a modern day George Jetson! Where's wife Judy? : )
your Bio is perfect omg
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Fuck you I'm done. Go choke on a dick bitch
Jus made breakfast for me & da kids now gonna take there lil ass to school now....... G mornin. People
oh my gosh!! THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING!!!
Working on a New Website. Please visit www.sokophoto.com/wp & let me know what you think.
I miss it too. Luckily my son is playing on an AAU team. No...didn't see that poster.
yes!! I agree!! #dowhatyoudesire & #omgladiesnight sounds like a hit.
dont get me wrong but wtf is
lmaoo good one
Thank you!
Midnight!! Let's do this! ASSEMBLE!
I'm with ya on that one.
... I figured any edit to water that language/feeling down would be a problem b/c...well, hate. Big stuff. The biggest, really.
Exhibit hall is open and it's #networking time at #sdp2p. Reminder: RCPC's Top 4 Issues panel starts promptly at 9:30 in Rm 11B.
ask Ryan bruh.
Gee I been takein my hair dwn since ten this mornin
I saw Radiohead in 2008 in Charlotte NC; real awesome show. Loud! I love loud. And visuals.:)
Seriously, it's gorgeous outside. Feel like I'm frickin baking.
Live every day like it's shark week.
Nothing like some good old Fredericksburg sunshine to make you feel wonderful :D
Bring it, and it better be Legend ~ Wait for it ~ dary.
text me that number too bro I'm still looking for a place the ones I had people snatched them up before me
#nowplaying A little piece of heaven by Avenged Sevenfold(:
There's no way to map the path of a walking tour w/o looking like you're lost and talking to yourself. Or maybe it's just me?
Is Oprah skinny or fat now? I can't keep track... all that matters is the free car.
Daydreaming about dance in the middle of school.
awkward cause this tweet is about me :P
You and every other "knowledgeable" fan in DEN RT : Spent an hr talking to 18 and he very excited.I'm pumped to see him play.
he's a keeper.
yahh no bedtime I'm grown ha.
lol there's people who Tweet 24/7 and still have a life, u can take your phone ANYWHERE and tweet. Its not hard
LOL LOL LOL LOL Well before I found God you would have got it for free LMAO
Thank you, Fatty Crab, for making the UWS tolerable
Dc assault went down to takeover 16s at buzzer
Thanks for allowing pictures and keeping visitor-friendly galleries!
Of Course - seems like a great blog!
John Lynch on Junior #Seau: "He pushed me to be greater."
“: Victor Cruz has moves on moves”
Prayers to American Icons lost in the last few days ,Ed Mcmahon,Michael Jackson , and Farrah Faucet , they have all lived the American dream
Even then. RT : "All of life's great lessons present themselves again and again until mastered." -David Ashley Brewer
Smoking a bowl while watching an above the influence commercial >
Kudos to San Diego Opera. They are serving us lunch at the West Senior Center.
I bet it was delicious ;-)
One of your favorite Seinfeld characters on in minutes! Tune in!
woah. i thought i was important for a moment.
Your Danny Ainge.. What do you do with this year's team?
Me: "K". You: "Every kiss begins with K(;" Me: "Too bad ugly begins with U."
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou
You have just defined the American political process in one simple metaphor.
In Houston? Interested in new mktg ideas? King Lakes using interactive touchscreen. Multilingual presentation, multiple product lines
RT : National anthem was beautiful
Thanks for the follow!
Looks like I can relax now.. Someone has their phone off so guess we're not doing anything
What GSP?! Really?! I honestly thought it was a tie. Wish Shields could have got some takedowns.
Threshold (NASDAQ:THLD) reported "promising" phase one data from its study of patients with advanced leukemia
how many do you want a day, what is your goal? 623-255-4088 ext1 mst lets talk
Lmfao!!!! I feel the same way!!!! I dnt want ppl there lmao!!!!
One of the best ways is to evaluate students on their metacognitive skills as they showcase real work product.
Watching #somethingborrowed , I love this movie
thanks! Changed my password. :)
I can't believe ya'll aren't following me. Sheesh!!
My first album is called, "Drew Haze: Indestructible" !! Look out for it! Coming soon. 2012.
YOU MAKE MUSIC?
but I just woke up mommy :/ you ain't tuck me in right && I came undone
Welcome to your life. There's no turning back.
Wine a bit…you will feel better!
Come look at what our Scientific Program has to offer this year! www.wildwestvc.com
Break a leg to opening A Midsummer Night's Dream at 5pm in the studio on Sat 4/7. Will you be there?
I didn't get it
Hi Tom!
RT : Make it our goal in life to be as positive as possible. A positive approach opens the door for God to work.
what's up Trevor? How's school?
You would think. See it all the time tho. not, "how can we make this work", but "how can we get out of doing this #a11y?" Sigh++
More O'Neill ”I'm on that 0 minute abs workout right now”.
but what about marriage between a lax bro and a lax bro?
My QA UI Test Suites have no branches. The Application Under Test runs on another CF server that has its own SVN tree.
Listened to PRINCE on the workout. The sun, moon and stars don't seem as far as they did yesterday.
Wow, I didn't even realize it was Good Friday today until yesterday. Where have I been?
<-- "The Sassy Attitude of Wanda Sykes, Exotic Depth of Naomi Campbell combined with the Strength & Sweetness of Kimberly Elise."
Be sure to tune into 9NEWS (KUSA) tomorrow morning at 8:30AM. Some the 2012 Calendar firefighters will be on-air with Becky Ditchfield!
Just saw a girl lying on the ground with a bloody head injury after an attempted robbery. Stay aware of your surroundings y'all...
An attacker wearing an Afghan army uniform opened fire on NATO troops Friday; killing one service member
Sometimes the best revenge is to smile, move on, and do nothing.
great panel! Bravo = social tv genius
Lol! Me too ;) Gloomy day here. Planning for some green or white tea later.
Science is so lonely without you.... :'( Adam keeps beating me up...
Not even fucking kidding.
I MISS THESE ASS HOLES!!!
And cheaper snacks! :)
demoing Neatline … extends in powerful ways
RT : Sofia looks stunning in that curve hugging Vera Wang. Great color too
because they not suppose to be funny.
oh and cant wait to give him what i got him fo valentines day hes ganna lovee me even more which idk is possible lol?
sleep is for the dead. If I'm dead tired does that mean sleep is for me? it was a long exhausting service.
"That sentence is beyond repair." -me. "This sentence is Beyonce repair...." -
Wish I was in #Vegas, drinking my vente iceblend at my favorite #CBTL, A
haha well im out of school so for them it means give me any chore they can :)
Learned a lot last night at the Muskie seminar. Can't wait to get in the boat/open water now!
San Jacinto's Justin Byrd just made an incredible catch as he flipped over the short wall and fell into his team's bullpen
There might be risk in being a first mover & risk in being a late adopter. You have to consider all the risks. via
I get good coverage on my phone though.
": getting to know my cluster via email is fun! Can't wait for the real thing! #NHTI12" Can't wait to see u tweet it!
Maybe if we convince law makers that children can be part of the defense budget we get some equitable funding?
thank u sir!
Of course you can enjoy a Barrie Burger at your desk! We will cheerfully deliver it to you! WeHaveYourFood.com 1.855.HUNGRY2
I may or may not have gotten demolished by a sprinkler on my way to work. Wet T-shirt contest anyone?!
Honestly I cried after I said bye to cause I probably wont see him this summer:'c
I told my CEO hurry up and lets solidify dis shit, once im signed to your label I can sleep better at night ;)
Yesterday, & I tried the cupcakes at Vanilla Bean for 1st time. Tasty!
no argument here but MSU offense pretty good too.
Words with friends is addictive lol
Like us on Facebook. Just Bee-Cause! Tea & Coffee.
Rose Got Nasty AGAIN ! #4pointplay !
Thanks for doing! Looking forward to sampling your oil & snacks. :) Here's to #VegFest2012!
thank you my friend
RT : Could Dewey & LeBoeuf get worse? I guess so. “I don’t expect a meltdown,” says bankruptcy consultant hired by firm....
hey, I wasn't there! Haha
i feel dumb.
U ever see some shit that just stops everything u doin and have u like
": A person who never makes a mistake is pretty boring" agreed! Witty laugh!
hey are you there?
we're lookin for a way to celebrate vday at motion kia! awesome!
OK Investors - diversify a little! Get an art portfolio. When all else goes down - you can look at your art. Feed your soul.
Just finished watching the Marley movie.
Having a stare down with this spider on the wall.
The more freedom we enjoy, the greater the responsibility we bear, toward others as well as ourselves.
Thanx Phillie, had a great time....and a cheesesteak!
#sslive oh I wish I had an office space that I designed. <sigh>
Too many stars. Bucks need to be the try-hard over-achievers that hope their playoff opponent is injured badly.
What is fwb?? or is it who??
Expectation is not appreciation.
RT : Chill, y'all the game ain't over yet.
ok 1 more lol "so juicy" or " sparkling white" or "ms tatted"?
Heading to Moab tomorrow. Has anyone driven I70 through Glenwood this week? How was it?
Today is World Cafe's flashback to 90s music. Just started here.
Who cares? Next week is the last week for !
My favorite place on the planet! Try the Chipotle BBQ sandwich. And soup of the day today is corn chowder.
Cosmic thought of the weekend: At a ballpark the stands and the seats are THE SAME THING.
listening to Hendrix or watching #BSG??
Closing personal page, everyone will still be able to keep up with me through my page...
i adopted three dogs straight from the street. they are better than any person i have known.
To the person who brought that box of yummy smelling Specialtys into Starbucks - GIMME
nobody cares about Duke.
If your enemy is destroying himself, don't interrupt.... It's the return of the good dudes... B.A.M... BELOW THE BRIM
We would spell it week sauce.
Today is National Pretzel Day. How do you like your twisted treat?
RT : Twellow allows you to find people by geography and title on Twitter says
