no...just a one night event
Bruce MacDonald is speaking on Sale Leaseback opportunities
Can we start a Twitterverse rumor that the owner of the #76ers also said something bad about KG?
Listening to Uncle
Someone has a case of the Mooonnnndays... for some flooring!!!
no problem:)
As much as I want to give the Home Run Derby some credibility .... Vince McMahon is in the ring on Monday Night Raw, RIGHT NOW .....
I can make my own decisions
Days like today really throw a wrench in the whole "Obama's a Muslim" thing.
Early to bed and early to rise...
Heard you put up flyers at Capitol Hill to recruit students for our next training. #Awesome Thx for the help!
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Hopkins up 9-6 on #Army at the end of 3.
fa la la la la la la la la
Got an #eBay account? Link it up with your free #Tshirtgang account. Create your designs and push to marketplace in a snap
always lookin for great people with great product.....
Hey everyone let's set a goal for the day and achieve it! Let's notice how good it feels to accomplish your missions, now find your mission!
Tonight: Kids' Creations and Parents' Libations! Kids eat free with the purchase of a regular priced adult meal or burger-beer special!
When your teacher lets you go to first AND second lunch
RT : Honest feedback, getting to know them, sharing my own story, challenging them while supporting them
really good. Should be back in like a week
I'm here
yeah I know but I just can't help but worry.
Raritan River Music Fest rolls along
We are still masters of our fate. We are still captains of our souls. Winston Churchill
Nothing is ever on the radio anymore:/
Question: If you could do anything in the world right now, what would you do?
always me and her going crazy on people lol I love you
oh okay good that's how much they were last year, do you think they'll sell out?
Thanks for alerting folks! MT ' weekly Twitter chat for independent presses--Wed. 1030 am ET,
I'm sincerely hoping that the curator of the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is
OMG it's Benji!!!
LA/OKC gonna be an amazing series
Thanks to the crew of Saturne Paris for a really excellent meal. GreAudra is feeling better and we are leaving today for Geneva.
Whatever Pacers still suck and we will end up winning the series. Besides we new to stall to get Bosh some rest
Hey Blair, yes, I am from New York. I hope Zuckerburg is working on this as we speak from his home in Santa Barbara!
Thanks for the
Looking for something to do, going to make some jewelry :)...
Candy Cane
when are you going to post a follow up to your MKG story that quotes MKG today saying a decision has not been made????
Guess who got the highest score (100%) in her test?! ME!!! :D
So sorry we've missed you. Send us a DM with your phone number and we'll give you a call ASAP! Thanks!
Thank you, Pandora. Now we get to Eminem.
can it include blocks ready to be put together or just assembled tops?
Anyone wanna buy a pair of #Retro10s?
Leave it to my over the top diva sister to have my lil niece 1st birthday party at the Children's Museum... that I have to work. :-(
If you're a follower of mine who resides in NC and voted yes on 1, please remove yourself and then bite me. If you voted no, thank you!
I'm bad ain't i
Hey, you should check out our deals, we try to keep the best prices. Awesome selection too.
Bored text me !!!
I love having a little brother. ❤
To be fair, Petco is known as a HR friendly ballpark.
you know it !
#OVS members are proud to represent at It's In Your Genes!
Now that I'm walking I need to work on having the energy I had before. Any suggestions?
That's what I was thinking. Merriman big ?. That pass-rushing DL = scary. Even different combinations have potential.
Clint Dempsey has had a nasty opening 15 minutes. Doesn't bode well.
Hey!Hope to make to an open mic soon!
Damn smh some shorty on 71st had a fat ass & a cute face but her teeth was bucked then a mf lmao
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how much I love and protect my family
Smiling in the middle of a kiss>>>
that's great!
Go to the IMAX 3D one!!! Its only a few $ more and AWESOME
how is it true?
grad Taylor Reilly is on the mound for Spalding today. His 2 surrendered runs thus far are unearned today. Also has 3 K's.
bout to watch a movie! what should I watch hmm. . . ?
silky smooth 3 ah
Yeah mine too...what do you eat as a substitute? I eat a lot of nuts, beans and tofu
Mann people are driving like its snowing. Chill its just rain
Try switching to a #lowflow #shower head to reduce water waste!
I'm very well. How are you?
#ICantStandPeople who just blow everything out of porportion, stop being a drama queen and get a life
Jessica Arnold has just won 2 tickets to Wine & Dine Wisconsin today! We'll have the tickets for you at will call under your name.
Actually i have a couple of other things promised. is this a regular thurs. night thing? I'll check it out when I get back. TKU
visiting NY for the weekend - top 5 shows gallery/museum exhibitions I should see?
Listening to Dr Dre & Snoop Dogg "The Next Episode." I can never time out the "Smoke weed everyday" line right at the end.
I hate when guys think I will dare them after talking to them for five minutes. Happens way too often.
idk if its bad or not haha:)
that looks like a very nice letter and certificate. We hope she enjoys retirement. Congratulations!
Had to move the ordination service from the church of reconciliation to university Presbyterian because of the numbers of attendees
The ability to make good decisions comes from the experience of making a lot of bad ones.
6/25 at Great Scott 3rd Neptune 2nd Man Forever 1st People of the North
Off to the stu once again..my 1st round niggas bout to drop "the draft" and this "gotham city" bout to drop we finna
Need to find my groove.
Getting ready to watch the preakness
I am speaking and participating in a discussion on underage drinking at Howard University later today.
I know fans are questioning the Marlins decision to hire Guillen at all. But it could've been worse. Their first choice was Kenny Powers.
I can scratch the 4 out and put a 5 on it :)
Michael, please please please check your email and or fb messages. it's a matter of life and death. You too !
My science teacher is seriously idiotic , she gives me a referral for the stupidest shit ..
there's a huge price difference between pc and mac.
Inside City Hall on NY1 is quickly becoming an after work favorite.
We Are Al Going To Have One
Great companies experiment and only then do they bet big. Sounds like "Lean Startup".
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Bahamas 'Near Top Of Heap' Through 10% Demand Rise: By NEIL HARTNELL A 10 per cent increase in room demand over the past 12 months sa...
I am trying to! When are the NY housewives returning? I miss them!
all ICONic Boyz Lovers Follow me and i will follow you back to spread the love <3
Forever babe <3 RT glad----> is forever to call mine<3
what. Am I not good enough to txt anymore? :P
Please notice me my heart feels empty when you guys aren't in it
The amt of packaging w/a mens dress shirt is unreal. Plastic collar ring, 10 pins,tissue paper,cardboard insert, price tag &in a plastic bag
industry night tonight!! going to be sick!!
did the second time u gomer
That's an army? Who cares? #TheUndeadArmy has my back, so suck my dick.
Thank you! Just creative commons.
I'm ordering my tea today! Which kind should I order for azaleas & rhododendron?
i was up all night
moose they are pretty awesome what about you??
cool, thanks!
The end of another work day *sigh of relief*
Made my heart stop when I saw your tweet. What are the Colts going to do without Manning??
"Blue tarp, significant to collapse. Increased wind speed, but other parts of the stage were already failing."
Ribs, chicken , hamburgers, hot dogs , steaks, pasta salad. Cole slaw , potatoe salad, had to cut up watermelon. And fixed homemade lemonade
so excited for the fab flavors and beautiful design! thrilled to be working with you!!
Whats your next adventure going to be?
I got that, too. I'm still trying to wrap my brain around it.
Just realized I hit 1000 tweets...still 2000 away from catching up to
Morning!! :)) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
They were just really happy for Victor Cruz...right?
giving him kisses while he's half asleep >
Im Uup Wit It
Seriously! "Have you tried turning it off and turning it back on again?" is my semi-permanent IM status. ;)
If someone tweets in spanish and you turn your settings to spanish, will it still be spanish ?
paging bobby juan...or was he from central
I will send something via the contact form...
Happy Birthday :)
Congratulations to our amazing seniors Alex, Brad, Jack, Katherine and Matt. Superfood won't be the same without you! /yd
Apparently the dog got really accustomed to sleeping outside while we were in ES. He went and tucked himself in outside.
what up! I'm trying to do what's on my heart.
Don't forget the autism friendly movie on Saturday afternoon! Details under FB "Events."
RT: "University celebrates the graduates with On, On, UofK and fireworks! Congrats to all our 2012 graduates! #UKGrad"
wish it was with me! congrats on making a great decision though!
Showing the gfriend how to tweet. Yr my fave tweeter.
If you love and RT this!
Crash in Vancouver on NE 137th & NE 50th St (Near the WSU Vancouver Campus)... police on scene.
Totally agree!!! I need to keep a pad and paper in almost every room in my house.
Work later tonight, Blah.
did not know they were at Albertson's.
we're bad children.
my mom wants to move back to france... looool my dad and brothers dont want to . my mom can leave but we stayiinnng fuckk that.
Ann Coulter is amazing. And by amazing I mean a big doofus.
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: Feta Aoili, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion & Cucumber on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side $11
*ignore my start of convo
Eric is back
I WISH A NIGGA WOOD LIKE A THREE IN THIS BITCH
Is it time to catalog dental theses? I think perhaps it is.
Live in me Jesus...have your way in me Lord...i will b flesh 4, as your spirit lives n & thru me....tear tear!!! ~ Calvin Bernard Rhone
perfect thing for the afternoon..ah
Web Camp is going great! 4 sessions down, 8 to go!
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The system is certainly rigged it is a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
#PACERNATION fuck all the haters. Who is sorry now?
If your dogs are like ours when hubby comes home after deployment, you better watch out. lol
Call 911 and he was like us everything alright and me and lauren was like holy dhit so we ducked and then he went inside and then like
I've always wanted to be on a jury... maybe I should move!
I just feel so sick. Every thought makes me puke.
hey i followed
one of my friends entered that contest!!
so you think you can dance is straight up the worst show ever
must be one, since I can't see why the noun "plow" would be used today!
Timeless songs are ones that despite constant exposure...are still amazing to you every time you hear them....Name some for me!
"I don't need to be a real man, I'm an actor."
I should take a picture of myself every time I do art homework..I look like a mess
Finished round 2 door knocking in 2 precincts and started on a third. Great responses! Thanks!
haha. no prob. it was both worthy and necessary enuff to abbreviate.
Give peace a chance T_T
Lol wade was ready 2 take off
Hello, I'm a fan of his dancing style, follow me back there?
Every time it thunders, Mona growls back.
Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7PM in Clairemont HS cafeteria. Speakers from and See you there!
Started Run with at 9:50 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Afternoon long course swim followed by weights, veggies, and brown rice pasta. Mad props to L.A. for the perfect weather.
I knew somebody would read it.....lol
way to go gurl! *applause*
anyone at #FortLauderdale beach? Hows the weather? Looks like an awesome day to get some sun
I've been awake for lik an hour & I cant go back to sleep! -.-
Wrapping on this film TOUCHED this week. Playing a child abuser was the most challenging thing I have ever done as an actor - and a person.
i'm going shopping wbu? :)
Haha! "Facebook's privacy policy is a sieve served up in a rowboat"
Once you face a fear, that fear always seems to be smaller than you made it out to be ~Paul V Harris
yes. How have you ben?!
I'm stuck watchin Law & Order again pahahahaha
No Internet until Friday. Thank god for iPad LTE. Only if I could tether that bitch...
" These fans need to back off Theres only a small %age of ppl who can do what we do Dont listen to these aholes"
feel better Justin hope u get better
#Following back <
- Yes, snow in the County rare enough that people flock to the mountains - sadly, leaving their trash behind.
That's wonderful news! RT : Received news today that my Leukaemia is in remission. Today is a good day.
I know Nick screwed up, but I think he deserves another chance from you! We had a talk with about this
hey I just wanted to ask where are you from?? Please RT!! :):) Much love <3
Ive been wanting to see that power clean meet picture for awhile and now I've seen it hell no I don't want that shit I look like Lou ferigno
;) it's past your bedtime...
haha it took some convincing but i got it to work!
As an #elearning developer, I often get #annoyed at our QA team when they come back with lots of amends, even though that is their job!
either you rolling with me or you not! ride or die in this bitch slimgoodie im simply the best!second place dont work for me! it goodieworld
Measuring by engagement influence and action helped demonstrate the value of the B2B SM initiative
Nate loves Sesame Street just like his Mommy did...how cyute :)
“: Trying to convince my parents to let me get a boob job is not working. Smh” -_O lol
Grin. RT : My only problem with 's presentation is that it didn't end with a mic drop.
The Grizzlies are tearing those Clippers up.
Brazil and Tiago Splitter face Argentina and Manu Ginobili on Sunday in final of FIBA Americas
cant take it back now!
Right on! RT Dan Beebe on CU leaving Big 12 sooner than 2012 “I don't think it helps anyone to linger in a lame duck status.”
Hello Mr. , how are you today? do you have my email?
You too!!!
You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand & I can't breathe without you, but I have too.
uk rocks
I just read that he has offers from 3 law schools and is worried about head/concussion damage.
I listen to your music a lot
awesome!! I wish I could be there haha
Man, this is crazy man. People have too much hate in their heart.
Looking forward to meeting you! Ditto the more the merrier!
Have you ever danced behind someone without them knowing?!? Its so hilarious you should do it!!! :)
I think it's just the premise of them having "another shot" at winning the game. It's a pretty big mess.
If my quad wasn't so swollen I thought they did surgery on my knee
Love using my phone in school
As Recovery Act grants end, find out how to sustain your programs in our Leveraging & Market Transformation session @ 1:45pm
done. Nice work bro!!
You're too nice. I'm envisioning deterrents reminiscent of things from the movie Saw.
hoping to get over to the newark conservancy tomorrow!! *fingers crossed*
I think you're the first person to check my work in on Foursquare.
is finally getting the much needed headshots done.
RT Get drum set, and figure out what time of day THEY sleep. Or enlist RT Oh #loudneighbors--WHY WHY WHY?!?
ask his parents!! They made him! Haha
having money is bad..but obamas billon dollar war chest..thats cool...how many car elevator donors gave to that
Should j CDC i McCain idea
I'm sayin RT : Kobe facilitating all this shit!!!!
heyy, followerzz can u guys get me up 2 60 followerz by the end of the day?? plz? its also my birthday so PLEASE?!?!
s Ghandi/Gandhi
thanks! full report coming next week (with pictures)!
Ran my first Tupperware party tonight. It was a lot of fun!
I'm at the house bout to make breakfast
2 more days until the New Year! Can't wait!
what's that? lol
Whitney......very very sad....long time fan.....NOT SHOCKED HOWEVER OF THE NEWS........so many have followed the same fate......SAD!
I like how twitter makes life events into game-like events that you can score points for. But is 'gamify' a word?
We love your work. You make the world of photography a more beautiful place.
Social Butterfly Baby!
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
: ( I'm normally not so complicated with scheduling, but I have a work holiday party on Friday. Weds at Lucia's?
by the end of the steelers game
When are you gonna come to florida??? Pls soon:))))))
well deserved! So proud of you...you represent Joe so well...
I haven't seen you :( RT : How doesn't talk to me.
Worth exploring what that means with regards to his support for a federal amendment to ban gay marriage.
Tights sneaks and a Tee 😏
will suck worse when their socialist state fails
cute/perfect makes a kid feel like going into g'mas house where u cant touch!
Ryan, Y U NO take my side, not his?
At with - bring on the chocolate!
This week keeps getting better and better! #sarcasm 😰
it was so good, plus I loved seeing Robin, and scarlet looked great in spandex in 3D.
you absolutely will!! Looking forward to seeing ya!
There is one letter difference between networking and notworking
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Its almost gametime here in Red Bank as the Marauders of St.Peter's try to get their first W of 2012 against the RBC Caseys!
sounds good
Rattle and Hum on Palladia.
So kidnapped me again to go see #Avengers last night & my body is paying for it now
.. that wasn't intentional. How could we ever forget u?
here you go....
No next week gonna be cold lol
just a supercut of all coach taylor's pep talks.
TIP: Just scan your sketches and upload them to App in Seconds. We'll help you crop them to the perfect size to work best on your iPhone.
"Be happy and don't worry about the "noise" in your life" -
Thanks Sarah! You're too. (: I just can't stand when that happens, hah.
that's the hope! P.s. my 700th tweet was a reply to you. Congrats!
WOW!! They are amazing. Thanks for sharing
Just saw a tesla getting off the ferry, first one I've seen driving around! Electric blue, and dirty!
Curious about how to cultivate the arts in KC? Join #anhkc for our Brown Bag Lunch Thrsdy to learn about the Arts in #KC: Now, Here & Beyond
TNA Trying to bring back Myspace? WTF
found $20 and then found another $20 a few minutes later
Audition went well, on to the next!
did your cuzin move to new york
Happy Anniversary Sis!
agreed! all she does is look depressed. And when she smiles... It makes you depressed
#RomneyPickUpLines Let me cut your hair to the "right length"
If you're following and , tweet or DM us. We need a favor! x
RT : Seems like such a small world. Everybody knows a connection through someone. Easy to slip up, so don't do dirt.
“: I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.”
likes playing with my balls LOL
am having way too much fun right now
damn , I know that lol you can't come out to good ol mooresville & say what's up ? Lol
I had forgotten! Thanks for the reminder
So tired of doing autism evaluations. They can't all be on the spectrum.
RT this if you want to know how I really feel.
hi marcia-all
I can't make fun of the movie if I haven't seen it! Saw it in 2000. Worst movie I've ever seen is "Eye of the Beholder."
hey, my Tivo recorded NCIS as a suggestion...LOL
Thanks! Now that I can leave the house, it should be fine:)
i want HootSuite for my Mac.. I think there are some ipad apps that need to translate to Macs!
see if you ever get that case then!
Which school did you go to?
its flawless :)
You are the who drives my kick and screamin through!!!
So I finally made a bottle, gave Ed a bit (he's yet to grasp the concept of drinking from a bottle) and stuck the rest in the fridge.
me neither. I get home sick and uneasy as soon as I loose site of the Pacific.
thank you!
Traffic southbound. I75 crazy! Glad headn North
hmm I am seeing people in the chat... wonder if it's being slowwed because everyone wants to hear about trade stuff
you made it home
MAN I MISS MY BABIES SO MUCH, LOOK AT HER CUTE SELF
Enjoy the Nexus! RT Off to pick up the Galaxy Nexus, which was overwhelmingly the vote for Android phones. Back later.
When your best friend thinks I switched her for him😢<<<<<<<<<<
This is your only life....are you living it the way you want?
Me and my homie out in these streets #turntup!
Dang it. I need a mandolin slicer. I have a recipe that calls for mandolining.
lol we did that and scared everyone in dere and i laughed 7 a old lady looked at me like wtf juvenile delinquent!!
#WouldYouRather: lose your keys OR your cell phone?
I got u, boo. And awww spanx to u, and not the skin-tight type, the fast and slighly painful in a good way type.
Be willing to let God answer your prayers in his time, his power, his purpose. We often lack patience to let God do his work in us....
Gender and Labor CFP's partly for In Focus. Caetlin Benson-Allott's the point person.
That piss you off moment when your friend tells you he received contact while they were sleeping..
CSX is restarting trains in the Silver Spring area. Maybe the armed suspect will get flattened.
Never look down on a man unless you can pick him up. He may need you more than you think.
The Replacements are as good as it gets, the best Rock & Roll has always been created by those with the most attitude.
Howard is like the nerd version of Quagmire on Big Bang Theory....
2 people without their headlights on during that delivery alone. If you drive at night, please turn on your headlights.
#VEVOnewfront "We are in rapidly changing world and all sides (brands, agencies, media partners) need to be on same team."
cause it's so big?
#Soup in 15 minutes.. Hear a clip from Kenny Chesney's new song and find out who is rumored to play Christian and Anastasia in
School in a couple of minutes.. Cant wait for Virginia:)
'Celebrity Apprentice' Goes Higher Profile as NBC Bets Heavy on Reality TV
Go to Koi
Hi John I know your going to WIN at WM28 and put the boot to ass and then feed him his #civilwarpie! I'm pullng for you!!
is the best place for fam lunch! salad bar for adults is AWESOME & kids split santa fa adult chx sandwich & free ice cream!
Just gave me the biggest smile of the night, bro!
hypocrite much?
New topic - PP tip for Aperture users.
How is your day turning out? We think that it is going to be a fantastic day here at Synergy Insurance!
ITS COLD !
only heard of one beek w/possible CCD commercial/migratory #bees so far. Prob ~20% loss is avg. A few intentional fipronil events
:-) twitter time
Apparently it's National Humor Month. My dad just sent me an email. Subject line: Humor. Body: "Laughter is inner jogging."
I have found 3 different pens strewn around my desk. I think I like having them always at the ready.
Touchdown to b-town ...lets see how this goes
say whaaaaaa? i love that song! sorry jesus lol
Hmm that's a hard one. Probably texting friends in real life while I sleep 'cause I had to tell them something in my dream!
Best twitter ever. 30 Amazing girls who became best friends because of One Direction. #ILoveYouGuys <3
I love the weather so much right now!! :)
Brunch is on at Lottie's, starting at 11 a.m. this morning.
Andrew now helping at our new business as chief lime juicer/garlic chopper! Sure to increase his independence! Check us out
Materialistic <<<<< Losing like a muthafucka
Stay out of the summer rainshowers and get your workout on! Anytime Freret- strengthen your muscles, strengthen a movement!
Back at work after a few days off. Just remind me: what is it that we do here? Had a dream that I was disrupting a writing center meeting.
WE <3 you.
i want a long sentimental text message. just because.
well if it's true what your sister says, you'll scare them away!
At home sick. Catching up on CS tweets . . . .
I'm def gonna try. I have to be at school Saturday morning at 7:30 ha ugh
USF Police has one subject in custody and has requested the Tampa Police Bomb Team to respond regarding the subject's belongings.
you mean they year the pretty much beat USC and lost to MSU on a bullshit fumble call?
Oh not you and Instagram too...
Yes Yes Yes <EXTREME RULES 12>
I smile because I have no idea what is going on
every time i tell someone I can't sleep, i end up getting tired.
Oliver Wendell Holmes “Taxes are what we pay for civilized society.”
Hitting BK bars tonight with my partner in crime, last night needs an encore Summer 2012
for sure man, expect a text/hawk mail soon
Yeah, Krakatoa for me - but it's Golden Hill. Prob say Cafe Madeleine.
If I ever even intimated that media management wasn't really hard, consider my words eaten.
the only shenanigans that the Brewers should be involved in is #winning! I want to see those shirts untucked 3 straight days
I think give him another year or two as backup to practice then have him as the everyday and romine as backup
morning! Seems like ages... :-)
aint nobody in dis world gone give you shit you gotta earn it
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the Utilities category on the US iTunes App Store!
And they're probably gonna show some sad video at the beginning about I'll just cry. Again.
Holy vacation! I fell asleep at 8pm after being at the beach all day and I just woke up. :) happy Saturday!
like us on facebook at hooligans store and u might just get poked. haha
I wanna paint the town
ok so what's plan b. I say the women cook us up a nice meal
oh my gosh! I'm so sorry about what happened to your mom! Stay Strong Angel.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Spending the afternoon in DTLA! Jazzed to play with the universally accessible pinball machine.
C+S video shoot this morning for Housing Matters campaign. Focus on 'what is supportive housing'. www.HousingMattersSD.org
Thanks for the follow and mention!
he def had the best jackets... though Prince's blouse collection can't be touched ;)
Two dudes on a moyorcycle.
Today's agenda: Leaving the studio for the first time in days for a Downtown photo shoot with ! Then right back to it lol
The Heat definitely played hard, but it took the Knicks EVERYTHING to win that game. They must be exhausted.
I will call you this weekend. I figured Hiro would be too packed w/acts for the final night but if you want me I am there!
We didn't get in trouble
Times like these I need I don't know which shoes to wear,
Dance & choreography: Choreograph landing sites rather than bodies. Dancers working w/that space/time before gravity hits.
we only have one orchestra.... but it is second hour
are you going to the carnival today?
Justice never sleeps my friend
lmao yes mam... Go bk n tell ms ryals she can kiss ass just bout all is in healthcare!!! WITHOUT HER
Why I hat about sampling is it takes so long to dig thru these vinyl .. The create vibe goes away
“: What's the biggest achievement in your career?” It would have to be those hair plugs, they worked brilliantly
Step back. Let it settle. Don't think about it for a few days and come back fresh.
I'm givin fucks to er'body else jus so I have none for
Zaza always up to something.
most of my favorite mafia movies have narration in them
Remember back when Steve Francis, Jermaine O'Neal and Baron Davis were all-stars?
My Sweet One
"Hey bakery boy Will you caress my soul please It’s yearning for it" #hungerhaiku from
We also have two codes for Nuclear Dawn - #freegamefriday - we'll throw those in! That means we're giving away SIX games today!
Surprise visit from Amber for some Starbucks...mhmm can't say no to that ;)
LeBron missed the clutch gene and got male pattern baldness instead
Awh...I LOVE YOUU TOO! We news to make plans! Soon!!
Thanks for the shout out! YOU are wonderful!!
thanks hun... I almost thought u didnt love me anymore...:-( ...
got dressed to go out but I'm honestly am thinkin about putting my PJs on and chillin.
thank you!
how cool! Would love to see pics, if you think of it. FFA also?
Spice Girls "Wannabe" : If you could live inside a music video which one would it be? I'dld pick Total Eclipse of the Heart.
is this spam? Your link doesn't work. Who are you?
Excited 4 our transfer student chat 2mrrw from 2-5pmEST. Log on to get ?s answered! american.edu/admissions for more info
If you aren't in the meetup you are missing some HTML5 awesomeness from right now.
Damn you sexayyy!
S/o to for scoring in his soccer game!!!
I punched, kicked and fought by way out of being grumpy at Reno Academy of Combat. Now for #glee :)
just started it today! am probably going to pull an all-nighter reading tonight!
booked a meeting during a meeting today. awesome.
: I don't *have* them taking anybody. I *want* Richardson and a WR or LB tonight. Wouldn't be mad about Claiborne, though.
that's all of them. Haha
A heavy heart this morning...remembering our courageous friend, Stefanie Spielman, a true crusader...our thoughts are with the family....
ok you convinced me : ) we are going to try our best! House party??
that looks like it should be an extra character in Doug.. very impressive. You clearly found your calling
I bet if James Brown were alive he'd say LIVIN IN AMERICA
Regis may be gone, but Hobart & Grace truck on w/ , Leslie Guyton's Movement Workshop Group and ! Tonight @ 11PM!
TRUER WORDS WERE NEVER SPOKEN...GOOD STUFF MY MUSICAL BROTHER...T/F/S...
:( I was hoping your lion cloud would come and devour it before you pulled all of its legs off.
Stop. Collaborate and Listen.
Good, good & thank you sweetie pie <3 (:
Cramp leaving the body = bliss.
my tweet to you.
That's really disappointing, man...cuz I loved the first one.
when we were recording You Want It All there was a storm going on so we recorded it and put it behind the track.
Oh wow! :D That sounds like fun. I love vacation bible school! I wish it came more often. Lol :)
Thanks for voting and sending out the reminder to vote!!!
I'm in a great mood.
yeah I'm from the westside slide thru bring whoever u want
Follow your passion. Figure out what it is you love - who you really are & do it. All you needs is courage to follow your dreams & faith."
Just touchdown in one of my favorite U.S city Washington, DC look forward to a historic several days and the dedication of the MLK monument.
Uh oh!! Big words!
You forgot to put "professional librarian" in quotes.
I would like die if you followed me ! #someday (:
Favorite line: "He's said he's gone to the vet, but there is no record of him serving in any military branch."
I dnt feel like doin shit without money.....my mood be fuked up....
lol I think that was her instagram pick.
omg. whos going home.
glad to hear it! I graduate in June :)
A sunburn makes it hard to sleep.
getting projects ready for end of November a December -- must keep working
Looking forward to Austin Chronicle interview at 2:30pm CST. Watch the live stream at homelesscoach.org.
I'm here for the people!
Soccer is in my blood ♥
#IKnowWereCoolBut when yhu got yhu other half, we literally became strangers. Like instead of hey, wassup i got *no text back*!
Merry Christmas ! <3
Interested in hearing and seeing a snapshot of the week of TC Music Improv? A free concert feat students this Fri MilbankChapel 1pm
Finally! saw the final Harry Potter movie
Toni Cordell: not everyone has the opportunity to learn to read or read well.
I love the snow
i get pissed when women's poor play is put down to 'some guy'. not the case when men hit bad patch.
What's good Twitter?
well thats you and i need to keep mine up
Be a first rate version of yourself, Not a second rate version of someone else...
I wish I had a cute boy to talk to -_-
alright but if you're going Mannilow on me Weekend in New England is the bomb!
As it should be. How many cocktails did Q get to? He was beyond lit at 12.
I'm great how r u?
Ikr? Praise him🙏
Okay then yeah.
where y'all at!
GREAT idea!!
If you have signed up for the weekly Thursday Network Digest but are not receiving it, please check your spam folder.
RAID RAID RAID
Joe is friends with Brandon Jacobs. If he says it's him, It is Him. No Doubt!
Yeah! What does one do with said hood, though? This is the great mystery.
Thinking of signing with a media director for The AlexZander Foundation. Putting it to the broad this week. I'm saying yes.
If you want to change the scene you got to turn off the fucking TV, stop consumerism for a day watch it all burn away.
Oh hell naw I need to get me a boo thang ASAP
#cake would have been just as popular without CB.. Didn't need to add that loser for the publicity.
Christine stop calling me I'm at the library -___-
according to my notes, if your patient is hearing impaired "use a stethoscope." don't get it.
Q1 digital book displays... anyone have example of it put to use? lookin' for ideas
We need to go here now! RT : Chicken 2 ways w/rice AND naan @ Tandoori Hut. Long line but worth it!
No picture??
LOL! I thought so. Me & Joe had that convo once & he didnt get our whole colorism thing. To them all blk ppl are "dark-skinned"
Yelawolf on a Sunday in the 504... Duh I want to go!!!
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS - REALLY? TERRI SCHIAVO? This debate has been on life support for, like, 70 minutes now.
Hi Jane! Photog question--what's a standard or "good" price for engagement photo packages?
My upper body is gone be strong as hell.
MEn who dont like to read..make me want to SMH and say a prayer..cuz your living proof that knowledge is BEST hidden from a NIGGA in a
I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days.
Without any doubt Dev is going to dominate bengali film industry
Stay hungry, stay foolish!
Gotta give Louisville credit, they didn't have a chance but they played with heart!
hi Tierra I'm following you now can you follow me.xoxo ;-)
Lmfao , My little sister's feet ! :x
.Net Front and Back End Developer needed in Englewood, CO! 6 Month + Opportunity! Link up or email me for details!
Yes, yes you do. :-) RT : I am in Belgium. You, likely, are not. I win.
can't say I know who is gonna win the series but starting tomorrow me and are no longer friends
That's what's holding us up! ": red line train to glenmont off loaded at chinatown grrrrr"
'Twould be a shame to come to Fort Worth in January and not go to the Stock Show...
I'll still think teenagers. I know a read a story a few years ago about a severely obese 14 or 15-year-old having one.
hey are we still getting pay video's?
Its Taco Tuesday! What is your fresh La Casita salsa-of-choice to finish out your taco construction?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe I got too fuck a senior soon
#OpenStackNY meetup last night. Great talks from (Swift) (Chef), pizza/beer , hosted by NYC.
Join us next week for the Art Jam 2009 - Wed 30th at 111 Minna Gallery downtown SF! An evening of playful art and music! See www.artseed.org
Happy Friday! Big weekend ahead! What’s your favorite Easter tradition?
Don't sweat it man. Those illuminati guys don't "own" any hand signals. We know your heart
yeah haha it stays interesting though
6 more papers to go :/
s/o to for putting in work at the Sonny Parker All-Star Game!
dont you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me
Everyone follow
> Thank you!
#Amtrak is "working on getting busses and will do their best" #CrisisAverted? Time for #GradPub?
I told everyone including that Indiana would beat Miami
Sum up the #Grammys in one word: old
"Feelin' good is good enough for me..."---Janis Joplin
Damn Landry Jones might be the #1 pick in a couple of years
I think there should be a like button for twitter sometimes I would like people to know that there tweet was great
Never good enough..
good call!!
Riding my two wheeled unicycle for the first time today!
I can really be myself around him. :)
Kira- we don't have a private room, but would still love your company.
yes actually me and him ride the same bus to and from school
Lamar Smith's national e-verify bill flew in the face of states' rights as well as the Supreme Court ruling.
Awr, thanks! I aim to be totally pleasant as a default. Glad I'm succeeding :)
Naah Jus Like I Kaled Your Name In Lunch !You Would Of Kept Goin
I love you so much that I'd make sure billy in 4c DID see it coming
No I wouldnt
big up, big up its a stick up, stick up - c u tomo
completely agree
I found a retreat but it's for women only. Vash can borrow my extra vag (I carry a spare?)
Tomorrow I think I'll have one drink for every rude customer I WON'T have to deal with.
Damn.... The national anthem supposed to hype them up
Stay tuned for updates ALL WEEKEND LONG!!! YES
I so agree - who cares!
M oven roasted turkey, creamy havarti and carmelized onions on toasted ciabatta. Who's bringing the buttery Rombauer?
Premiere is re-airing right now. Flip it on and catch me singing for the next 50 minutes
ODOT cam....Crash I-84 EB moved to the right shoulder at 39th...
SO Funny!
Oh say it isn't so! She loves Rush & doesn't like POTUS? Hum, time to divorce your mama. ;-)
awww. Thank you my friend! Best Holiday wishes to you and yours!!
We are looking forward to it! Your flip books are a huge hit!
Just leaving a Cuban restaurant for an after party with a bunch of latinos and latinas.
In 2000 and Beyond...
As we the film crew get to the hotel room, the funhouse madness starts to sets in. WE'RE HERE TO COVER A RACE! Can u say Fear & Loathing?
Someone give some oxygen.
hope u had a good Mothers Day guys
uff! the people! love me <3
ooh :D this is the third time Yelawolf in Paris :P
...to find their fucking dog.
With our creative energies and ideas, we should save the world. Or have a martini.
Read this if you think you are an Arianator.RT this if you KNOW! :D
My anger + My mouth = No phone. Cant win em' all.
Ballin till im Balding, till I look in the mirror and see Jordan...
I just realized I forgot to put on lotion omfg
Good night everybody. #Riley .LIVE REAL😏
Was just texting someone and misspelled "each other" - Autocorrect knew I really meant to type "peashooter".
I have no luck winning tickets to see my favorite rapper.
Absolutely - thanks for the update
GOP have to decide who is their Lord. Jesus or Ayn Rand. Paul Ryan chose Rand. How about you?
#dirtyjokethursday What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?[ If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!]
Looking at field cameras on ebay.
Sometimes Luke you are two steps ahead! Seriously, though, keep coming up with ideas - gov wants them.
(Orison Swett Marden) Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great.
RT : Don't forget. GOP opened up conf comm rpt to make changes as recommended by MMB to use reserves. So much for trust.
Yea! So excited! Thank you!
#praise God for everything. Good night everyone, sweet dreams! ~~~ :)
It's the last w/end of summer, a holiday w/end, beautiful weather in SoCal. Arrests increase statistically. Don't get arrested! Drink=DUI.
If anyone following me ever needs to talk about anything, I'll give you my number, and we can talk(:
Oh fine. No I didn't, but i should've huh? It woulda been fly. :) *giggles*
Sad for us - but great for him... Best of luck !!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Cincinnati?
follow back <3?
Coming soon @ www.myfreegenealogy.com, researching immigrant ancestors, come share your knowledge with others.
Carrier Classic outdoor game earned ESPN's highest TV rating (2.7) for November college hoops game
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ....... ....
is it just me or does Dino Rossi seem like the Lane Kiffin of Washington politics?
We miss you, too! RT : People here talk about blockbusters as being works of art. I miss pretentious art house film snobs.
i think ima fuck wit dat "rage" one u sent
I think I see you at Duffy's?
Started a new oil portrait commission...Mother and Child..beautiful!
Did Mia just flip off the camera?
Thank you so much <3 Kellie
play me
Wonderful lunch date with my best friend.
Happy bday to my boy !
You're welcome! Likewise! :)
Just got a call from someone Wren Building (oldest college building in US). They want a QR code for a sign.
Dear eye contact commercials, you can't put glasses on a hot chick and call her a social outcast.
#BestTVThemesEver Duck Tales
laying down bout to hit the hay
It is possible to end workplace harassment when you begin communication and zero-tolerance policies that are unwavering.
"When you pray, say: 'Your kingdom come'" -Luke 11:2
Still reviewing what transpired last night. Cinco-De-Die-O was tremendously fun!
Yea. Just created the twitter account, so I'll be posting stock shirts shortly!
Shout out to !
I have a lot of ideas...4 music,reality tv shows, & movies. I need 2 write all this stuff down...
rat eyes
"I'll take today over yesterday, any day. Memories may find me but they'll always be behind me"
“Put your future in good hands—your own.” ~Unknown
Tomorrows my last day of class. Then I get to sleep all day again... Just what I need.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💑
light sweaters rule
I Am Happy !
Haha. It's kinda weird though. At 7 this morning I walked into my livingroom & started laughing. #ForNoReason I'm awesome! ;)
America's Test Kitchen is my jam.
The original Apple 1 computer sold for $666.66.
if it's $9.99 & i give you a 10 , bitch i want my penny back . . . hell , don't assume i don't want that one cent . pennies add up lol
doing the gel. more bang for your buck
Woot! 4 weeks - you go girl!
Still cheering my ass off lol
Drinking plenty of water is one of the most important things you can do to keep your skin looking and feeling beautiful.
thank you for the follow and the LIKE! be sure to spread the buzz on JADED! :)
It's so awkward seeing people you know when they're working.. Lol
Little frustrated? Tired of being alone. "If you do not like being alone, then perhaps you do not like who are you alone with." Wayne Dyer
funny story about that, actually...
I'm Back to # 10 ... Please keep me in the Top 10 guys !!! ... Thanks Antonio !!!
I'm not sure how to do that, sorry. You can save it to your computer by right clicking, then set as background.
haha thanks. Nothing like a good scare for trying to be responsible. Any wait to see you guys and do it tomorrow!
I really hope Jake Locker starts this year... You don't use an 8th pick on a player to sit for 2 years that's just STUPID
I'm your guy hit me when you get here. Ill be sure to keep you busy
HE'S the creeper. not me!
L1C4 makes me laugh every time I see it. Refers to a tribe of forest-dwelling African pigmies.
A lot good Texas players on Baylor's..and Stanford's team.
It was never going to happen.
dont believe in what people say, stay strong. believe in your heart <3
It's pretty insulting 2 all Pakistanis that u have the gall 2 accuse Pak of genocide 4 defending its borders.
You are welcome! Thank you also!
besides all the bieber
": I am so so so pumped for tomorrow" I love Christmas a present for all
Dear Mom, please stop singing "sex ain't better than love." sincerely, Kyle.
Watching Sleep Over because the storm made the satellite go out. Hopefully it'll work tomorrow....
Informative panel re PLA compliance #bwctownhall including members of
": please God help me ....ik i dnt deserve it but im begging .please help me .I hope u gt better I will be praying for you !
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”
I'll definitely be on the lookout for your name. ;-)
Love everything about today....perfect just as it is!!! Wouldn't change a thing. Puts a big smile on my face. :-)
Great video.Time lapse- a-riffic as well.
now 3rd in east! Come out and watch them this wknd!
Apparently i was trippin when i decided to date my ex! RT : Yea scratch that!!! Gurl u trippin!!! Lol
i smelled a fag this morning. i hate that smell. the smoke makes me feel at home though. (x
My dog takes mostly the whole bed and leaves me with little room . Ahh he has his bed , I'm guessing its too small for him bahha.
You want these cloths you want these hoe's you need to get yo money & yo mind right rite now
Never give in. Never.
I need to go swimming real soon
I'm over here editing my way out the hood
Do you twitter?? FInd me
You should get on Skype.
Seven hours later I am back at home, embracing my beloved Internet.
Watching the local news and am horrified by these local commercials!! Ugh so horribly done!
i'm in love with you.
#onlyuglypeople treading? This not right. Who started this bull #onlynarsaiticpeople make trends like >> #onlyuglypeople smh
Damn... Why are tall men so hot!
I was just in Europe last summer! Haven't had a chance to make it over to London! Would love to come visit you sometime!
ok...thanks. Nice
She got a lot going on
What, u think inside temps have anything to do with outside temps? No, dear, must follow SCHEDULE. The SCHEDULE is key.
Prepares to play "classical music from a future civilization" from 9 to 11 on wtju.net and 91.1 ! Pledge if you can!
you are amazing my support for you is eternal
Trell Just Forced It!!
you are most welcome you kind man!
cool! I will look into this...
The funniest nights are the one's when my mom drinks a glass of wine at dinner.
#Obama draws 14,000 supporters to Columbus, OH arena today. Anybody think #Romney can pull 1400? Mitt's rally's have been poorly attended.
Home sweet home
So in Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na there's a scene with a guy waiting outside airport holding a placard saying "Mr. Godot"
RT : Tasty #leftoversforlunch, beet salad from ! I must return to try the patio!
I can't wait for the fully exercised Repubs to go after the little nasty man in the White House. It gonna be a pisser.
FUCK!!! CHILDREN ARE HERE, DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY? TO ME IT IS NOT. MY FAV POSITION (WISH) IS TO KICK YOU ON THE BALLS!
Ballgame! Still in first, still doing it all in dramatic fashion.
Retrain will be searching for a instructor well versed with mature populations. Low impact, theraband & mat therapy.
and make it even better with your fresh, innovative ideas. We can't wait to see your progress!
asus slate is Years head of ipad and Microsoft ipad killer
"Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see." - John W. Whitehead
Great answers, thanks for your input!
Forget boybands making a comeback- im bringing back barbershop quartet. posting auditions on craigslist in 'looking 4 men' cuz its guys only
How to minimize the effects of time-delay interference - Urgent Communications
Don't miss Poppy, Serious Pie, Pike Place Market, Melrose Market, there are so many...
I'm essentially about to wear pajamas to the club..but swagged out and with heals i
New play for Pats; 12 men on field, we can stop them now.
ha, what said otherway around. but before you even do that, make your crew list all they need.
One of the greatest pleasures of living in Philly (Old City) is that with every little errand you inevitably run into amazing people.
A5. Two words: Anna Kournikova RT Coke and Danica: What's appeal in deal w/driver w/only 2 wins?
Why shouldn't get a because he's affiliated with ? Dan & Justin are artists. Jerk.
I'm looking for players who are willing and WANT to play realbook
Study reveals that post-endo pain has different sources
Front man Mark Foster has also worked as a Club DJ. Pumped Up Kicks on
obfuscation and Rawls two principles of justice
I WANT TO GO HOME.
is breathing into the stretch...
Thanks David
Taught my largest story line and character developement class tonight.
is the perfect spot for shopping for grads -- personalized gifts galore!
Does this mean CasiNO RT Two candidates opposed to casino, Ginny Coppola and Lorriane Brue, win in
With every +K on penguins, gets a little stronger. That shit is powerful. Help the cause.
#Calorie Restriction Program- Aging is a Treatable Disease
sweet tea(:
I definitely fit the bill and I really appreciate my job now!
Where Are The GOOD MEN???
you need to be yourself and be creative in your own way and show people what you got
I got your package today. Appreciate it fellas!
it's been a pleasure guys. Been a big fan of your show. Looking forward to follow each of your careers! Good luck
Cool... Hit me when you get back
woo. Unacceptable.
Don't get me started on my adorable little Cloudy.
My husband is 6'4" man that works out everyday and he's been a for over 35 years. You don't need to eat our animal friends.
Oh, Nicki Minaj, this is way too out there for me. For the first time all night I turned the volume down.
GOOD GAME YESTERDAY BIG ROY
You see me , I got bitches.
we watching 2012 in class! can you say chill day!
So. What i need all you #RObotz to do is to tweet #kickinit at the end of your tweets to get it trending for . Got it ? GO ! :)
4 Wins - 0 losses for the Day ! The bookie is gonna be mad when he see's me tomorrow !Hope all you guys had the same Goodnight!
Guess WI's beer tax! If u guessed 0.6% on a beer u're right! One of the lowest in nation!
Great to see so many humpeeps at the hospitality suite. Hope you enjoyed the view! Safe travels to everyone.
wish I could be there to see ya Melina!! :-(
Less expensive compared to where? Sometimes Binny's has sales. They're all usually around the same price point, though.
wall 2 wall sports has twitter-nation cornered with tomorrow night's guest list
Career site best practices AEIOU-authentic, engaging, intuitive, option filled, user friendly Y-answer whY
yeah I watched the whole thing and didn't understand a bit of it, but it had great atmosphere.
Yep, A5X processor, quad-core graphics is confirmed on the new
hi no fumble tumble
I wish people could hear what is happening in my house right now.
same (: & texting Andrew <3
Working from Brewed Café this afternoon... lovely day on Brady Street!
Watching the last bit of stomp the yard , den going to sleep prob
RT : Mitt Romney: America knows the only solutions for our debt are more massive tax breaks for the rich and enforcing heterosexualty
Uh oh
Movies all night last night..didn't even get up from the couch..and I'm still on it at this very moment..
dear youtube, thanks for the cause of my bad grades.
If Being Thirsty Was A Crime Smh Half You Mufuckers Be Gone For LIFE Lol
It shouldn't be suprising that some ppl think automotive repair is a drive up like McDonalds. Major repair and diagnostic takes time
Going to college this fall as a junior in high school. Thanks WA state government for RUNNING START! :)
You never really know how much someone really loves you, until you see how they are with you at your worst.
It's like they know me : "it says "the air pressure is like a giant hand holding you down + crushing out all your lifeforce""
I think it was MDID - Madison Digital Images Database or Distributor or something like that
Great BD fun at Artist for a Day and Le Bistro du Beaujolais withh my family. Never fails to entertain.
Fuck that beef that shit is played out
I love how I've been up since 6:40 -_- I wish I could fall asleep but there's just too much shit running though my head right now
UM #hurricanes off to a great start vs Duke
sigh...whitehouse.gov website fail. Can't create an account in Google Chrome; no form displays
got them ill skills
#Romney is a pussy! He's afraid of his own shadow: #PunxsutawneyRomney!We'll have 4yrs of darkness & despair! Not 6 weeks!
Glad to do it. I don't think we're going to be done talking about him for a long time.
That was the singlemost #GAYEST way to say go to bed ever!!!!!.....
So much to do in NY. We love it too! The best city in the world!
I need more followers... I feel like I'm talking to myself!
The last time I took a day off was in January? So says my vacation email message log. That can't be correct.
I know it--super busy! But that's a good thing, right? :) Where have your treks taken you lately??
In life, your going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used. But you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hey it's been Time we havnt talked
Getting into a fight with someone you actually cared about.
yeah, I just noticed that its leap day.
can you pls stop spamming my twitter feed with all this nonsense about the damn field
 RT : Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend. -Tim McGraw
is wearing a Cal Poly Pomona sweatshirt @ UC Berkley-is that ok, should I be scared?
Feb 2 - 5, 1863 - The 5th Iowa sent to Hardin County environs to stop Confederate conscription sweeps and to help defend Fort Donelson...
Follow me pretty? YOU ARE SO ADORABLE. IRREALLYLOVEYOU. <3
RT:“ Waking up from a long ass nap. 👍but this is the reason why I be up at nights 😔”
We are looking for a stage manager for FIRST PRIZE- immediately! 1st rehearsal 4/3 - email to enquire. AEA showcase
Big mistake. Peyton is a great guy but this will be Culpepper part 2.
Just completed my first ever 8 mile run!
Oh no. Hope it's nothing serious?
hey how are you...I am a songwriter reach out to network...
I love Judge Judy! Great show!
oh u know
i should've said no.
“When the solution is simple, God is answering.” Einstein
It is amazing how a day can seem so much better with just a little bit of good news!
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster. —– Joe E. Lewis
I saw a great presentation today on non-economic damages by Jeffrey Kroll at Illinois Trial Lawyer's Update & Review.
what time does show start? are going!
Just wonderin what the future holds
Passed the US Naturalization test. Ade told me that no MSFT employee ever failed. Pressure was on :-) Next step is the auth (in few hours).
Hearing "Save The World" in Macy's yesterday was surreal.
it's called Facebook, not Boobbook. so try & get your face in the picture next time. kthanks
My allergies are killing me right now!
Great blog....loved it!
Crunch Berries? Yes. Cap' n Crunch? Not so much
RT : If you're a student copyright geek looking for a summer job, let me know
haha all right! Looking forward to it~
The last time the lakers were forced to a game 7 after leading 3-1 was the 2006 first round vs. Phx. Phoenix won game 7 and the series.
Midway thru Season 1 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.
Vinny don't be depressed trying to notice people you smiling makes us GRANDer JOLLY!(:
Heard in line while waiting for the #DalaiLama: "He's like the pope of the Buddhists!"
12 soft pretzels deep. I am ready for the
To Mom's past, present and future... May your memories, realilties and hopes be full of happiness!
I can't wait until I'm in my own place & I can jig around my room in my underwear in peace 💃
Total sleep for #dplawest over three nights - 14 hours - that's about right. :P
I will, with antibacterial hand wash. ;)
Thanks. :-) Gives me a greater appreciation of what you and others did!
Your presence is always welcome at 210.... NOT!
re TED: i think it all died when they started branding on campuses. so weird and unfortunate.
2 of 2: Trinity Irish Pubs, Bartels Management, Inc., Bell Ambulance, Wisconsin Club and Boucher Automotive Group!
Hahaha! Preach! RT : girls who can't handle their shit aint cute. stay your ass at home
How did you know? X0X0 #FollowBack RT I think that's what she likes most..
that type of arguing...so often...not normal.
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FUCKING HARD FOR ME !!!!
Thankful this precip is rain not snow, more work to get done before end of the year.
~Stage Freight Strategies part 3~~ 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions. 7.Organize your speaking notes.
he is absolutely a wonder! Hope you're enjoying mother's day with Miyoko, Hana & your mom! Wish Trish HMD from me please.
In the studio. Writing.
Coozies were a great invention.
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Emeril
What do we live in Seattle or something? This rain is Crazy. Get some fenders to protect yourself from the rain spray.
Mom says I don't sleep enough , I'll sleep when I die
Find great local, national, and state tournaments at www.tournamentscoop.com
for my 18th bday im gonna tattoo your qoute "success only happens after failed attempts" :-)) i really am son!
Whoa whoa whoa. There's a show on History Channel called "Big Shrimpin"?!? Clearing my schedule for the day...
i stay om my GRIZZLY!
Adestria- More Than You Know <3
Simon always makes sense
I Hate When I Need Something I Just Had But Can't Find It.
If you have 2 or more dogs the goal is to get them to be a calm-submissive unit, all working together with you in charge
Just found #TweetDeck. Cool app for organizing my connections
Baby you Don't Know!
I think its comical when grown ass adult dudes. Drive New VW Beetles. Chicks only, dudes. Get a truck.
I think I'm about to clean my room and bathroom.
Shooting in NYC next week! Needed: PAs and a hip bar location. Message me if you have... either?
Senior Company . Week OFF!
oh, wait. 87-88.. but yep, first lady raegan*.
Let the road trip begin!
#tigers win hooray!!!
he was solid. Him & Jess were the best.
I'm really starting to like the one direction song... Damnit...
Enjoy the prediction from that Dolphins will select DT Fletcher Cox at 8 because it doesn't fill a need and makes no sense.
as a kid growing up in holland, my golden combo was peanut butter & honey. Swirling the 2 together on the bread is a must. Yum!
That sound more like a senior passion-driven project...what fun!
SPRING FEVER!!!!
I'm not a rum guy. I'm a bourbon guy.
Like this if you think that dianely should be on Toddlers and Tiaras Again!
Find out more about the Summon Discovery Service on Stand 32
Fountain Hills Town Council meeting Thursday 6:30PM. Should community move to a single trash & recycling hauler?
I dont think im gonna be a promotor anymore. ill just stick with going to concerts to see them.
Im so damn tired im delirious!! Pole was a WORKOUT!!!!
we sold some mushroom tea, we sold some ecstasy, we sold nitrous opium acid heroine and pcp
you two are the fucking same,pathetic annoying & always need attension.
RT nothing like waking up and make a good exercise!!* :D
OCLC survey: Hickerson: special collections staffing in Canadian libraries about half of comparable US libraries
In God I trust!
Obviously, I'm not a goalie...lol I just appreciate them, as all hockey players should! I'm a forward
I finally get to watch a whole match and it's canceled. Not exactly a Rafa-level problem, but still a bummer.
like your tweet! Not giving up. Just getting started! Thanks for the follow!
RT : Didn't get a chance 2 see U after the set with Rez in Jazz Standard, just wanna tell u that it was a great show!
Busy day at the office, back to home learn my monologues, relax and dream.
This class is a joke omg
i may joke around but im the hardest...Sucka
- MY heart Beating So Fast !
“There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.” – Einstein
~Margaret Lee RunbeckMany people are extremely happy, but are absolutely worthless to society .
Singing to one direction- one thing :)
still a good joke
Yes indeed! Best way to start the week. :-)
KIA!! How are you?
Stay tuned for the US Title Olympics Club
Wow. I may have to spend some serious time in San Fransico. Amazing city.
o_O I missed you 100%! Were you on the platform or train?
[Campus Bulletin] Don't worry about the class days you've missed from the snow. Spring Break has plenty of days to catch up.
Hey Chicago! What's your favorite brunch spot?
#RedSox are on a two-game winning streak. #Bruins play game 7 tonight. And #Celtics are a win away from homecourt in 1st round of playoffs.
Happy Easter! ♥
they hurt the worst really bad
A3 Which native app to build if budget is limited. Megan - what's your advice?
During finals, as always, “One's ability to be productive is directly proportional to one's ability to relax.” -David Allen
thanks for the RT!
At my last physical, I asked my doc to measure and chart my waist. CDCP says so!
Things are going well! I have had a good response so far.
thanks for the FF love!!!!
He Needs to take a seat.. _/
RT "What's a song you hate getting stuck in your head?" It's a meta-earworm!
Just saw a brilliant shooting star!  guess i need to make a wish
Abbi and I sang at #TheCommodore in Nashville tonight! Veryy fun:))
nah lol. Just me && Junior lol
What's your favorite day of the week? It should be 2-Stamp Twitter Tuesday where you get 2 loyalty card stamps for following us!
Younger generation of workers with ongoing access to online computers leads to explosion of social media use at work
chocolate cake
Gosh, I wish I could have gone to that. I went last year and it was really helpful.
join us and watch launch on NASA tv @ 9 PM Tues night.
reading about tainted peanut butter
maybe try roofies next time. That keeps'em quite!
Just watched Phil Lesh, Bob Weir and Waren Haynes on ABC's The View..Whoopi!
I'm working on my reasons paper for my JAMS internship application lol.
just got a contributor agreement from someone who has been on plone since 1.0. w00t!
Farmville players outnumbered real farmers in the US by a ratio of 60 to 1
Takes one to know one!! #ZipitUp RT : You're such a star-bleeper, Kevin!
Coach Taylor GA-ed at UCF under Chizik. ;-)
who doesn't like regular show
Hope you had a happy Easter, too! is too stubborn and will never break his silence. Have fun with him at lunch!
RT You know what's more fun than great live music? Great live music with your best friends. Spread the word about tonight!
oh goodness! Congratulations! I'm completely finished tomorrow & off until first week in Sept. so excited.
iP lust is at an all time high, and for some (most),they just have to get one, regardless of viable alternatives.
- I love you Rob Mulligan! LOL
RT : I know a secret. Don Jones is presenting at www.ti2011.com along with Jeffrey Snover!
its takes money to MAKE money.
Awesome. Hope to make it there someday.
Finally going prom dress shopping
Sleep over with the boyfriend one night soon... (: hm interesting :p
I really believe if you have a collaborative campus leader then u never have to worry about that happening
:) Do you have any ideas?
This assumption about #leadership is holding you back: that leaders need followers. 0224.
Ugg I hate when that happens.
#Bengals draft CB Dre Kirkpatrick with the 17th pick in the
Picked up some wine at the local drive-thru liquor store... Hm
Watching soccer
Morning people.....make this a WONDERLICIOUS Day
you're too funny. i went to tag you in one of the quotes from The Hangover and I thought I was spelling your name wrong!
Working on 3 great projects: Denver video shoot, Australia bodhifest marketing, meeting with Singapore company today. Business is rocking!
bug lookin ass
Wow it's 12😒 I could have sworn 10 seconds ago it was like 11:30
thanks fam! You guys are the best!
lol I guess he got it from the aide when I left :/ xD
Anyone know who's pitching tomorrow?
Wow. RT : Average Google+ user spent 3.3 minutes on the site in January, Comcast reports. Average Facebook user spent 7.5 hours.
The justice system is ENTIRELY fucked up!!!
yeah thank u bro
The only people happier than #Broncos fan is #Patriots fan.
what you doing in the dirrty hotalanta
shouldn't that put him in a much higher tax bracket?
fergie: me, quentin sarah vaughn and mariah decided: you are voted off this birthday island.
I'll let it slide.
Wow, that's a bummer about the knots. I will let KFI know because that's uncool. Knots are inevitable, but not 3 in 30/yds.
Saw the brochures for the McGraw residency at Darien here at UW's LIS school. Made me smile :)
It's a cool thing to say, I just put in a 15 hr day and I loved every min of it. An eye opening experience behind the camera!
Just got in. I was going to go down to the bar but Boondocks is on. Can't decide.
Thank you for the #FF!
of course, babe :)
Should we start a campaign to get Ravens coach John Harbaugh on here?
Words with Friends is getting heated...bring it ! ;)
#LiesIveToldMyParents "The cooler is so we can carry our non-alcoholic drinks into the party. Duh"
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of your support :) you are all amazing <3
hahahahaha and yes I am going to my old high schools' graduation just to rub it in her face!!!! Take that Senora Estas!!
Chicken wings.. and fries for dinner.
You're from the north, innit? Well, here's some tough love from the upper Atlantic - pull yourself together. You're OK.
I just shared something on Google+ for the first time in months. If the world implodes or I disappear into a black hole, that's why.
Northern eyewall in Clear Lake, nearing SE corner of downtown Houston. Hurricane-force winds (>74mph) expected soon downtown.
Kobe isn't feeling well...things could get interesting tonight #GoNuggets!!
#ThingsIGetAlot "You must work out!"
: That's wonderful. Props to for keeping eyes on SF while they needed it.
Thanks, the injuries were worth it!
Cat balls
perf! i have two huge boxes of berries
sure does I have it a lot.
So you two still together?
I have officially found out that I suck at tennis!
A bonding team is more important than putting out any product. When everyone can see eye to eye
Follow me please:)))))
Well now I suddenly want to listen to suck.
Taxis like to honk
Just tweeted at Blaine Gabbert from the Jacksonville Jaguars. Anyone think he might come to the next ITTC show?
At the iSchool at Univ of Washington, we have an info science phd where you can focus on ictd or information in society.
well other music doesnt catch my attention lol :p & thats good cx if id ask any guy to go to a PTV or SWS i bet they wouldntcx
Swag King Cole
Farewell New Jersey Nets, I hope there are enough hipsters that care in Brooklyn to make the new Nets "trendy."
I'm 24 in less than a month. That is terrifying.
Somebody should text me
lmao whatever works! (let's hope it works)
Facebook relationship status updates are the Access Hollywood for normal people.
Sounds great! Looking forward to it!!
Bitches love it when you tell them somethin nice in Spanish.
But it's a total metadata nightmare.
I just saw the DM today! My phone didn't notify me, I will say boy guessed it.
YOUR MY HERO AND YOU MADE ME SO MUCH STRONGER AS A PERSON,YOUR MY ROLE MODEL(:
Because it is!! RT : How can people find baseball boring????
Wgtb, Georgetown radio officially throws its support behind Let's go caps Beat the bruins
interesting. seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
Back to school bleckk
it has been about a year for me.
Shoutout to : & (: EVERYONE SHOULD GO FOLLOW THEM NOW :)
My phone hitting that good charge right now :)
can I use all of your tweets from this convo in a post? I promise not to "Ellen" you.
F the Dropkick Murphy's. Their music makes me want to commit su.
good "late" morning! Grabbing another cup of hot Joe'sephine and skipping out the door to meet with a new client! :)
Would it be wrong to bill a cust for just plain #awesomeness? Lawyers bill for "pondering" fees so why not??
“: Falling in love is a lot like falling asleep. It's easy to fall into, but hard to get out of.”
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest & protect our climate. Veto the new Forest Code!
It may seem silly but that doesn't mean it's not important
a birdie tells me you are a Deerfield guy, is this correct?
CAN COOK
Got a salad fm mcdonalds...its like getting a hug fm a hooker
Got a ticket for ! Oct 8 & 9 in Seattle - looking forward to it!
Have a relationship strategy, not a social media strategy
New Year special - iPhone 4 white conversion only $199 - New low price!! Happy and successful 2011.
Funny you should ask! Why yes I DID see Jenna Maroney filming 30 Rock today! Be on the lookout for an ep featuring the Wogels.
I'm not a fucking role model.
which article?
Thanks to everyone who made last Friday's line dance class a great success!
Outside of Deadlight, Halo 4, Max Payne 3 (big maybe), and Bioshock Infinite, can't think of much else I'm excited for this year.
My brotha knows where its at
There is alot to be said when respecting other people...there is even more to be said when #respecting yourself...Mia
#RHONJ time to catch up on what I missed. So excited even though I can't sleep. My fav housewives!
Got upset with my mom cause she won't let me go to the show so shes taking me to get my belly button pierced.
have fun tonight, should be a great game
we did! it was my first time playing there & I broke a string mid-song but finished it like a boss
STILL A TEENAGE VIRGIN.... Better known as an endangered species.
OH NO! I DELETED 3/4 OF MY SCHOOL FILES! WORLD ENDING! ... oh no. i don't know my own file system. they're right over there. *facepalm*
I was painfully initiated into #boxing, because the guys I fought were a lot bigger than me. Sugar Ray Leonard
Nothing amazes me anymore. :)
#cody what's your favorite store? :D
I am going to email you!
Currently rehearsals, make sure you tune in tonight institute site, 7:30pm EDT.
Yayyyy whats good girly? glad you are on here
