Yeah, for example every other sentence ends with the word "fool!"
can you plzzz follow me i luv you so much im not like these
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.”
Whenever I read or hear P.S. I love you, I don't think of the movie anymore, my mind automatically thinks PSanders I love you.
RT : Thanks for the ticket donation to be used for Fuzzy #Horse Show prizes.
awesome! We can't wait, it should be a good time!
#thankfulfor and his guests - always a good show.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Enjoy your day!
Should be interesting to see if they brought the college game into the pros.
Man on Fire
If you have kids or like games where you need to move around i suspect you will like it
only applies for direct ordering through me by phone, or email.
Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue
Thanks for the follow! We are following back.
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff?/
its crazy to think that you could change
When I watched on TeenHoot where I met Peyton(;
DITTO! “: The end of the school year has me busy, busy, busy! I haven't been able to tweet much lately! #lifeofateacher”
In relationships, sometimes we fail to give the ones we love the benefit of the doubt and assume the worst. Love can't survive without trust
How would William Blake spell Kegger?? VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! :-D
your show is definitely the best show on MTV <3
have fun! Sure u will, love Bic & Major too!
I hate it when someone start texting & they randomly stop after like 4 txt . It's like why did you text me?
What we all want in life is a shot, but what we do with it...that's the story we all want to tell...
check your DM's! :)
7pm Thursday work for you? If so, I'm marking it on my calendar right now!
A video as your cover photo.... we just fell in love
"Incomplete Passes" made Top 12 Holiday Book Pick List! Check out all the great reads at www.spiritedwoman.com!
I need someone to say "I'm proud of you and I got your back no matter what.".
2013 Toyota Land Cruiser
ehhh-- I'm alright. How are you?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Done and Done!
Cool. - if it's dice you can do the entire space in a spreadsheet in a few minutes. But I hate the brute-force way :)
But - Buenos Dias :)
Women are like stars...only one can make your dreams come true!
nuthin much, what's up with you?
I got an A in English omg what.
LOL..do you think its true about Jelena being over??
MetroDiner opens in about an hour! O will it never be day!
you should come say hi to me k
hustle till the death of me, cant settle for nothin
it's like, I can feel the music :D
Wa! :'( Yes I am bawling my eyes out! Not saying what happened either. In East coast right now.
My Moma so irritating sometimes 😒
Sounds like this guy had one or two bad experiences and is now anti-library.
omg omg want
At SAA Central until 6pm. Come visit!
Any teachers out there use KhanAcademy in their classroom? Would like some input on it if you can please message me!
God is great!
Time for some football!!! Who cares who wins, play hard and may the commercials be awesome! Nice job Kelly!
Ice cream for dinner, bacon for desert.
so how do you think my terps will do realistically this year, do we at least get in march madness or will that be next year?
Are yall dropping 3 EPs similar to OneMoment (ie all 4 of yall on each song)? Or will it be solo stuff from each of u?
Don't be so sure...
The Knicks are the most loaded 8 seed I've ever seen.
thanks! I will give these a listen tonight!
This lil Indian cab driver is a bit of a tear off!
Love your character! Hilarious! RT : Walkie-talkies AND my red hoodie. E.T. swag.
iknoe right. He's a freakin a**. But...Bahahha.
Hope we've shown how important your feedback is. We look forward to your next visit! Please let us know how it is!
RT Tonight's gonna be crayyy with
hey! Why you no like Tweetdeck?
Then there is the part where you remember that not everyone belongs to your religion.
about time starts giving back to it's worshippers.
's founder 's 8th grade music teacher is not only fav teacher but now Board advisor and mentor!
Harry Potter. Can't sleep.
Heading to this family function in a little bit...
her eyebrows are WAY too overplucked in the front damn
So everyone thinks George bush looked frail. Sitting near Russel Simmons; forrest whitaker walked by. Oprah and Usher said to be near too
I can finally curl my hair again! :)
I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
you stay converting the haters;) follow back
Off to Minneapolis.... # GOPACKGO !!!!
okay b-clear I see you.
Happy Friday!!
#FindSomeoneWho can accept you for who you are, not what they want you to be
i follow and i would love justins skype please ? thanks{:
First #run in over a week. I hate running on the treadmill.
I don't care how old I get, using automatic car washes is always going to bring me an exuberant amount of joy.
Wowza! To what do I owe the honor of being followed!?! ;)
Very Interesting
Misread headline. Thought library had adult films "Library launches program for adults and film lovers" #historyofobscenity class to blame.
As a Midwestern transplant, let me just say: USC -- and all of LA can't HANDLE a little rain.
Jerry Lee Lewis marries again at 76, keeps it close to home
is there a Facebook event page, so we can share the word with other members?
Thank you for recommending our content!
I found a quarter in my basketball shorts pocket.
Slept in this morning cause its gonna b a long weekend!!
Sitting in a bad neighborhood at a junkyard in my dads truck with the doors locked...#cliche?
hey how are you...
A huge learning day. Went into uncharted regions of the inner worlds to help my client. Lots to meditate on. Never a dull moment. All A-OK.
Crime has gone down under his watch, that's for real. Cant argue that, and Walker's accomplishments?
+ omfg what they're writing is going to be rainbows and unicorns that is all
to have to earn it. Now its so easy that we don't do the small things to earn the girl!
Swam 3 times this week! Swam 30 min and walked 2 miles at lunch, then just now ran 3 miles! Getting my mojo back!
oh I was thinking damn ur parents got a BOAT..LOL! a cruise (good 4 them).
in 2011, 2-run deficit with 2/3 of the game gone and I turn it off. in 2012 I don't believe they'll come back but I do think it's possible
Life is too short and fragile to waste a moment in fear and hatred
you know I miss that place!
Jason is at booth #618. Stop by and say hi, plus a first-ever panel is scheduled for 1/18 at 6:30 AM, Anaheim Room!
Miley Cyrus is trending !!!!!!
“: This pattern: sucking, imitating, innovating... #idea10”
Vincent Voiture~ Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Overall vacancy rates in Austin decline in Q3 from 21.1% down to 19.5% overall.
I'm at lucky strike again. Bowling with my girlfriend. Two days straight of bowling.
#HappySunday ! I've been extremely slacking on my Twitter! Sworry! I'm going to change that I promise! Xoxo Tweet me! Following people!
Only 23% of workers report working to their full potential.
Thank You! It's been great so far!
Even though my neighbor spilled red wine all over me, had a fantastic time. Well played.
So you pass to the left and sail to the right. JT is getting me together right now.
Fffffffffffffffffuck I forgot about my online class last night.
My day just went from bad to worse :(
they are Sailor Jerry designs from the 40's-60's, I just re painted them.
StepMom is making me cookies . (;
that stinks :/ but it's because we didn't use any snow days so we get out earlier
Spartans get better draw than Kentucky, and really so does louisville.
lol i bot a pack of brittish tea today and omg i love it it is so god!
Am I demanding? Yes. Am I Single? Yes. Correlation? I think not!
When you fuck her good she gone tell somebody might tell her mama !! LMAO
i need some more pictures of you on my instagram account. start doing interesting things when we hang out.
lol please do!
You don't have to know players to like a team. Lol
just saw you in #FindingYourRoots . Really enjoyed it. Where can I see Street Fight? Thank you
A Michelin chef called me 3 times and left me an angry voicemail because I won't work at his restaurant. Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.
So glad Al Jefferson is finally in the playoffs, he was one of my favorite Celtics when I was there. Best post moves in the league
So much going on in healthcare marketing these days.
word no doubt. Keep putting out that good music!!!
I love how absolutely nothing happens. From here it's nothing but tension & build up. And voice overs.
and you and him can sing together!! awww haha
thanks! Just wait till its decorated for the
Wow! 2 weeks from today i'll be on a plane to LA for the #MegaIIN conference. So excited!
I lowkey don't want this stupid iPhone anymore. -.- it bores me.
#HowToAnnoyYourServer order a diet coke and 3 sides of ranch for your Cobb salad.
Vincent is buried in Sleepy Hallow, one of the state's most beautiful cemeteries. Worth a visit
My teacher told me I'm the type of girl that likes the glass half full???? What does that even mean???
great time to be a trout bum.
I mean, yes, you can avoid the handset subsidy model. But you can't get to a price that reflects that you paid for the handset
you have to show your work for full credit
Churches need to star Skyping confessionals.
thanks man😃
Great article on What focuses on: Tools, Tech, Training. 2 speak on this
looks like it'll be a hot and muggy race for the gasparilla #run tomorrow
Jerk xP
And chocolate milk holy moly me oh my
I'm with you. I think they would be pretty solid if that happens.
Watching oregon spring game, these dudes are gettin loose
Hey that's my tattoo! :)
Whiskey should never be chilled, but it’s okay to pour over ice. Learn more whisky trivia from the bar staff at Barrel 44, 1120 N. High
Thank you for releasing a new Ablaye Cissoko album! "Sira" was transcendent. (& thanks for the heads-up).
if you could fly, but you could only fly as fast as you coud walk and you had to flap your arms, would you fly or walk most often?
since. the. 80s. FUCCCCCCCK MY LIFE.
I know love. :/ I'm hoping you can sleep soon as do I. But I'm going to lay down in about 20.
you should! It's a blast! Maybe will join you :)
Just wrote a new song! It's about the moon:)
I"m so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me. Zig Ziglar
you should come with or I can hook you up with this dude who has some he's cute but way to sexual for me
at the moment I'm in my hotel room at The Modern. Be happy to talk to you over coffee/smoothie somewhere.
I have to believe remote web inspector is going to be in iOS 6. At least, I'm hoping.
Leadership is defined by how you handle a crisis. Most anyone can handle calm seas. A true leader shines through the storm.
can't wait! What part?
I laughed out loud at the article in GQ about #DowntonPBS - too funny!
aren't those #candycane #Jojos awesome? Buy early! They sell out by midDec at latest. I have to mail them to my mom in non-TJ zone!
thanks! It's a little dollhouse fixer upper :)
"When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked."
guh.... you already know
Indeed he did sign Mike Williams. I could see Chip taking LaMichael in the 2nd rd.
It's not for church. lol
thank you for the love back
you just made me feel ten times better
are you the same owner as ? hahhaa. :)
Happy to b a follower! Hope u r doing well 2!
Dam it i still want smothered fries from chubbies
That's my girlfriend's sex toy.
Yo, thinking about copping a record player...you still have some of the records right?
Yup. Esp my ass crack.
Some of yal are to dam old to be quoting Chief Keef
are you up to date with this season?
Haha I bet he did :D
No luck at Verizon Store...seems like my outlet plug on side of Blackberry is bad. Too much usage. May have to take my talents to Sprint
It doesnt even feel like the last day of school..
Did you know that you can eat right help you look your best? Good nutrition for healthy glowing skin is easy.
Me and Harry's children will have a widows peak. That's all, goodnight.
YOU CRACK ME UP!!!! Hahaha!!!!! You ROCK!!!! =) Champion Wide Receiver. Champion Dancer!!! Solid 9s ... GREAT WORK!!!
do you know what side of town is preffered as far as out of town teams coming in?
Its all about Jesus, not religion. ~ We have seen and testify that the Father has sent the Son to be the Savior of the world. ~ 1 Jn 4:14
Now that Bones continues to be untouchable, there is only one thing left to do: Watch the 4th OT this series in Hawks-Coyotes.
I'm paying $4 a review. He wants to know if is paying him too. LOL Smart kid. cc:
Thank you! RT : Saying my prayers and including you, too!
Thanks for the info Eric...I'm just figuring out all the benefits of the ipad for the classroom.
safe travels :-) x
Wish I could go to the cornyval :(
requesting it a bunch of times :))
AH GO BIG BLUE!!!!!! Houston Bound!!!
very much agreed hun :)
EXACTLY. But will add ROI still possible. Brands need to treat #UFC like any other sports property.
That awkward moment when drunk people offer church kids their half drank beer...
Idk why Freddy text me then don reply. Little bitch already has me in dislike with him right now.
Same got my own Crib now Moms paying Rent lol till I leave for Texas
People pisss me the fuck off.
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf there is no trust
There's just two of us right now, but it'll allow for easy expansion in the future.
Got my people wit me at FREMOS
it's been a good run!
trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris!! pretty please help
Thanks for showing for today's surprise lunch plan.
Brilliant, isn't he?
Universal studios all weekend (:
Wii Fit tells me I'm overweight... by .06 BMI! lol Stupid balance board.
Take a big deep breath and think about all the things for which you are thankful.
New tour dates posted at bearlakemusic.com. Gonna be a helluva summer!
I'm So Lowkey for No Good Reason.
Wrote a node.js server today in about 5 minutes. Cool stuff.
Q4 WW spaghetti w/ homemade sauce (using ground turkey); baking or grilling more vs. frying.
I hope prevails in getting international service at Houston Hobby! Competition is good. cc
Sedgwick County's Chase Dunker threw consecutive no-hitters earlier this month. He has a 1.04 ERA with 106 Ks (vs. 16 BBs) in 47 IP
kids ruin everything, especially in the apocalypse
I'd like to punch some of these Indiana Republican politicians in the throat. #thatisall :)
lots of anger in Madison, does every local business have to choose sides? how are other local businesses handling it?
i feel like the Zack Morris of this retirement home. Looking for my Screech
ha! Just like that?
I'm and I'm bored. So I'll just get on my phone while we're supposed to be congratulating a finalist.
thank you! (:
Aww... *hugs you* You'll never leave me! :3
I am doing nothing but going home...
The finder turns researching benefits into something simple -- just like using turbotax, using categories and a faceted search tool
testing my might on this big hill later on.. (x
I #spottedtheshuttle but will it do another pass? Please??
Catching mom up on #Dexter Were so
how are you bro
please🙏 follow me back please
What's the best freebee you got at a conference last year?
They are what they are! Sound lucky to have you.
What's happening on I-40 through ABQ? Can't get from west to east. Clogged everywhere.
so in listening to power 106. why did they mention requesting some YG -.-
Kentucky derby? No thanks. I'm good on watching horses
Got the "freshy "freshy seat" on my airtran flight from Vegas to Milwaukee.... that was a great phone call.
Remember, you cannot make someone love you, you can only make yourself someone who can be loved
I like the Greenies too!
blood diamond is so good
My feed is just a bunch of people drunk off bball!! I love it :)
Also... A shower can truly change your whole day.
super for real!! I posted the link to the news story on your facebook page, as well as the link to the music video he made..
This dude said he shuldaa took a shower this morning cuz he aint take one in awhile. He fckin
well you are one of the lucky ones.....I don't have that luxury. I wish...maybe someday but not now!
Amare stoudamire what an #idiot punches something and fucks up his hand in the
Fair... maybe. The negativity hurts recruiting tho and Pitino is as defensive as I have seen him w/ media lately.
Well that makes sense, since Pitbull is an awful musician
Now following... hello! ;)
BIG DJ!!! “: RT : We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!! Where are all of my #carnival people?
We at the Adamouski Institution are professional art consultants, we do not wish to appear unprofessional, nor are we unprofessional anyhow
Thanks for following.
Uh oh. Laundry Elves have been here. They piled dirty laundry on the floor in their characteristic "Dump It" style. Got a sudsy feeling.
hope u ain't wearing that Knicks jersey. Lol.
check out our limited time free posters promo
Just ate at razzos
yikes! sorry ! least you look fab.
": LOL RT : Wow RT : So wait. How will the NBA have their Superbowl in February if they start so late? :("
Remembering when I met composer Giya Kancheli. I remember he said, "I don't know how to write fast music."
u live in tx
He's from the Real World. -What, like Reseda?
One out of four American households own a cat
Music is what I always turn to when I'm feeling a certain way. It's my reason for everything.
Sounds AWESOME! Any special plans when you hit South Beach?
lmao... yea he zesty as hell!!!!
wouldn't expect anything less, destroy the hotel?
Still managing to make shots, but it will be a long second half for them if that changes.
I hate hurting the people I care most about.
Self-worth comes from one thing – thinking that you are worthy. ~ Wayne Dyer
It's cheaper than a beer ;)
I could say all kinds of things, like they mate for life, work together as a community, etc but it's just filler.
Even at 75% off, the Yankee Candle Electric fails to tempt me
ikr!!!!! Cuz then you could be closer to ONE DIRECTION!!!!!💚💚 haha i live in the USA all the way😉
he's just been no fun for me tho
Pay it forward
Everyday should be a progressing day
if your hair doesn't frizz at the slightest hint of humidity I probably secretly really dislike you
YES! I will DM you the #CovertTU password right now!
#StayAwayFromMeIf you think All Time Low sucks
so bad at keeping up with people. miss my college friends. really wasn't that long ago #dareihashtagthisone?
yes I am back in town!! Let's meet up if you have time! I am staying around 4th and Brannan!
Thanks for the RTs!
well I don't think so....I'm pretty alive right now :)
Thank you everyone who came out last night for Pause for Dinner - it was a great night for the animals!
Sitting in a nice dry car > getting drenched walking to music class.
What a beautiful day in Baltimore to be a genius! How's that leftover turkey tasting this afternoon?
confused and bored as hell in Cole -Jaskson c;ass with
Unbelievably...Percy Harvin has became the most important player on the Vikings roster. Guy is SO versatile.
Just curious on why I wake up so early..
Everyone I thought would cancel didn't....and almost everyone I didn't think there was a chance would cancel did.
sittin here watching
i did
i was hacked! weet! Sunny day in the schnorting capital.....
Struggle city....
27.5k at 2/400. Came back from dinner with 37.5 and it's been downhill from there. 28 mins left in the level.
I found my download info for dreamweaver!
most memorable 2011 moment. Writing "that note" to daughter & finding it weeks later on the top of her dresser, front & center.
Wow! I had never seen one before yesterday. How did you find out about them?
So much drama!
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
happy to announce that i have been endorsed by sixteen City Prosecutors. more detail on www.jamesjmcdonnell.com. thanks for the support.
stop trying to be me
hey dude how have you been?long time no talk....oh cool dude make some more followers and twitter will be fun to use
It's our half chicken entree w/ new spring local veggies. On the menu of Georgetown. it was delish.
RT if you take showers... I hope so....
Wieseltier and Goldstein engaging one another as part of discussion of Spinoza's tolerance. Twitter can't contain this. Amazing.
Hahah. Duh. That's my homie.
Thank goodness we'll get a web redemption on that tune!! Sucked.
when are you qoinq to sleep??
good morning :)
Is Monday and this week needs to be over already
and what should we bring?
my mom never yells at my brother for anything WHAT THE FUCKITY FUCK
Looking forward to them!
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman on e p 'old abe wants to deprive us of all that fun! No more cotton, sugar cane, or rice'
It is certainly spectacular, the costumes are just absolutely beautiful,the detail and the colours are divine. 10% off coupon SHENYUNFANS
Absolutely! You? RT : you FOCUSED?? #GoLakers!!
Greetings...stop by on this beautiful Monday morning and receive a pack of THC capsules w/any $25 donation. Strain of the day is Kushwreck!
Utilizing gargantuan terms to appear more intelligent.
Thus begins the season of visual molestation as people unveil their nasty toenails through season appropriate footwear.
Anytime! Hope you find some awesome people!
The key to living without stress interference is changing the deeply ingrained mind set that stress is somehow good for us.
Maybe it is God telling you "You don't need fortune advice, you have Christ." : )
And our confirmations are out for #bmorehistoric! If you missed the chance to RSVP, sign up for our waitlist and we'll try to get you in.
#Football b havin me tired
#MortgageLoans - Indigo Mortgage is 100% Certified NMLS (National Mortgage Licensing System).
": I be having sum crazyy funny dreams lmao smh"
why not?
When life gives you lemons, murder a prostitute. Trust me, you'll feel a lot better.
what? For real?
Congratulations to Laura J. - the winner of the Sun Jar Giveaway! Special thanks again to for sponsoring this wonderful giveaway!
Damn that's sum fuckd up shit right there....
Going through some of my favorite #writers to find and follow. I hope they follow back :)
John Larinitis is making #RAW bad any more and getting sick of watching it. If it keeps up I'm done watching it. Never been this bad
Agreed. Newt's awake today.
Time to relax and let me sing to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill send u Mp3s.
So tired, but can't sleep.
My head scarf falls off every night, I dont know why I even bother to put it on at night....smh
because it's a beautiful day!
Will be channeling my inner while judging LP oral args this week! :)
Man next to me in airport is apologizing over and over and over and over to his wife/girlfriend because he couldn't take her call yesterday.
RT : Anecdotal evidence suggests to me that early AM tweets w links don't get RTed as much as later in day. What do you find?
I asked a 4 yr. old today what he thought the meaning of life was. He said "to be alive." Pretty good answer.
you not following me no mo? WTH? LOL. BOOM
I just heard this song where this guy rhymes "KODAK" with "know that." True story.
Yesterday was a blast! Played w/my Go Trio, Herbie Green, & Howard Johnson. 3 diff gigs.
Yeah, I would agree. Unless it's a single-shot w/o editing, it needs a little more effort than traditional blogging.
sounds like trouble! ;)
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad. Jimmy Buffett
I hate adults that think they're "too cool" for teenagers, like uhm no... our generation is cooler than yours JUST SAYING.
i can't wait to go... i have a question though
I need bday ideas
Justin's not the father.. We know who it is. Check this website :) www.justinbieberzone.com
such wise words
you're welcome love (((:
Happy Opening Day!
loser. How is school?
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out. -Sir Girad
#Tsunami warning for CA coast, north of Point Conception, 8-9a. Waves expected to be > 1 meter. Boats in harbor will likely sustain damage.
BB let him know whats good with
You've got until Midnight tonight to get the 50% off Hotch-A-Do deal on www.crowdclick.com!
I don't know how tomorrow got to be Friday but I like it
Fruits and vegetables are rich in nutrients but are very low calorie diet. Use this to quench your hunger.
I was planning on graduating in December 2013.. Just found out its actually may 2013. I don't know if I'm happy about this
They really do!
Where can I find your mixtapes?
": how old are you? I love the nyg but ive seen others win more"im assuming Rafa is younger so his tweet is awesome 4 him.
Westbury Seniors! Go vote for your class favorites in the library during all lunches! Vote me Text-a-holic! ;)
No code needed
Ugh... Spilled coffee all over the rug while playing with the dog this morning. Guess my "wake-up routine" needs improvement.
Ya I wanted to say to you how you destroyed that hurdle but that was moment in your life where nothing needed to be said.
Keep shooting jumpers Bass. The Celtics are up by about 30 so it's fine to keep missing.
YES! That would be SWEET!
come to the mermaid! Happy st. Pat's!
PLEASE play Lindsay quit lollygagging and Umbrellas & Elephants at the Philly date! Those 2 songs have had a huge impact on me
I'll be in #NWA tonight and tomorrow.
Yesterday I covered all my interests in one day: acquired fMRI data, led an improv workshop, met with web design client, played video games.
Just donated blood #saving lives
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 2: Decide in advance who will open the presentation and who will close the presentation.
If a tomato is a fruit, shouldnt ketchup be a considered a smoothie? #deepthought 🍅
Thanks! Have a great weekend everyone! RT : Cool organizations #FF:
Have a good trip Dave.
My wife has a good point: Florida law that says no duty to retreat is not the same as a right to persue and confront.
I think when guys are about to embark on an exciting adventure, instead of saying "rock and roll" they should start saying "smooth jazz".
Taio Cruz has a British accent?!
what you feel is harmless, someone will, invariably, find to be highly offensive. Sensitivity is at an all time high.
I've been painting my room for 5 hours -_-
Weird scenes inside the goldmine - JM
Everyone follow !!
Anyone that knows me knows how much of a DWade fan I am. Since 2004. Sophomore season.
My fingernails are all long an feel disgusting!
Shameless is a good show
#IThankGod for his mercy and grace and his plan for my life.
Our Constitution enumerates specific powers for the Federal Government; all others go to the States. Let NC prosper again!
Um, my baby is not a pirate or poisonous.
Nah! Go out for steak instead.
i remember when you just hit 1 million.
Many states have drained their UI funds and are cutting the weeks of UI benefits for laid-off workers CC:
lol good one!
HA, no kidding. Can hardly listen bc I'm trying to keep up with the Twitter feed :)
That feeling you get...when you know everything is going to be alright <3
I jus got here n I'm already too hood for dis party ...smh ...lmfao
Hey all you Daily Double lovers out there! Your FAV burger is only $1.89. Don't miss out!
"Hi! My name is Billy Bob Bob Billy!" RT if you know who said this :)
Take a shower, switching between cold and hot water.
bitch is craaay cray. yelling shit at me like i'm satanic or some shit ahahahaha. P.L.U.R.<3
Excellent muni insights from Joe Deane today at PIMCO headquarters. Could be a great year!
RT : Free mini cheeseburger 3 packs today at The Sports Pub off Stoughton Rd. in Madison code word found at www.phreeps.com
closest (sane) thing we can imagine that's similar to #thehungergames is NYC's epic TOUGH MUDDER. you have to train for your training...
Trust me, hunny. Eccentric is a title much easier to carry then 'Crazy'. Of this, I know.
Penn State refers to "buy-in versus butt-out" as reaction to relationship building
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
wishing you a successful conference
Stacy London and Clinton Kelly are by far my favorite people in the fashion industry
By 2019, the self-employed will account for 40 % of all US workers, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
who parties on tuesdays?!:D
I love him he know that but he with her and my heart is still wounded from his damage so I got to move on
Happy Opening to ! Looking forward to seeing you in the neighborhood! From your friends !...
Ray Allen with another clutch 3 pointer.. Tie Game
Nah, you'll do fine! You're a good hard-working student.
Pastelitos, coffee and croquetas to start off the day.
I like "Someday" and "Firefly" :) Kinda sad that she won't be promoting a dance song. =/
Jordan, Bird, Magic are the top three. But I will listen if you want to bring Kareem or Wilt into the discussion.
hope to cross tracks again soon. take care!
#1DNewEnglandContest should I start the reasons again?
thanks for the tweet
Congratulations Brendan and Kim!!!
We are so glad came to EAC for her wardrobe to MC the Oklahoma Intl Pageant this weekend! Can't wait to see her on stage!
Go Bulls?
i hate the new facebook chat noise
hope you like McDonalds
Playing 412 Fest! Our set is at 3pm, hope to see yall there :)
I laugh every time I receive my electric bill. Love that most of the household energy hogs (A/C, hot water, etc) are paid centrally here.
Love that Hawks win last night. Finally a star showed up. Sharp, Kane and Stalberg - where are you?
went to meet a biz associate for a ribbon cutting, wrong day given, instead I was invited out to lunch. Great day!! lol
Bernadett Borja is running a special on individual lash extensions ONLY $30!!! Come see us!
People Shut The Fuck Up! WHITNEY HOUSTON is gettin' a FLAG at HALF-STAFF. Deal With It Bitches!
i have a taste 4 pizza of chinese food
Great area... man you're going to have a blast! I lived in Manhattan for 3 yrs b4 moving to Cali and loved almost every minute
your cut out of my life
How was the show?
Dam this video goes ham to. Dam you two chainz
you just killed that
"YOJO. You Owe Joey Head."
Kraft Personally Thanks 4,632 Facebook Fans in 'Likeapella' Music Video- Fun stunt by CP+B for Mac & Cheese via
signed up for www.vizibility.com What is your online reputation and visibility? Cool features!
Who do I want to go home? Shannon for sure.
Hi! Rosie is adorable...
highlight to my night, surprising my best friend from back home ! (:
FREE LUNCH about to start at the Wesley! In honor of the Rangers great work, today is a ball park homerun lunch!
Small biz killer - taking forever to make a decision. Putting things off til later is the worst of strategies. Decide now!
My mom is ridiculous.
SUPER CRISPY
Life is crazy!!!
HAHAHA. So Cena is going to get raped. Always get a prenup with you make millions.
Awww man! Which test did you take today? I took English yesterday.
I dont like LIARS.
I had decided I couldn't wait through the second bus ride...til I heard scary grunts coming from inside the bathroom.
Amazing how cheap houses are in Miami right now!
Happy Easter<3
“: Who is the dopppppest. Unsigned singer u no with a hot image ??? I need to hear & see” YouTube/ElianaEvang
Happy Halloween everyone! Now we have to get used to stores putting up Christmas decorations way too early.
Are the corners of the ice at MSG kept dark so the hockey players can still get mugged during a game in New York City?
Miller with a poor pass at Nick Vannett and it went over his head right into the arms of Adam Griffin. 4 straight not-so-good plays for him
Is disturbed by the alarming rate of pedestrians mumbling to themselves on the streets of NYC. Are you talking to me? Are you schizophrenic?
Heard at lunch: So, have you knit anything good lately?
it looks serious, lol.
I have no idea !! I'll find out though.. Is this the boss man??
"A better world by design" his dream in a project
I just gave this book to my Dad!
O'Neal: 7 more ppg, significantly higher usage % with almost the same offensive efficiency, PER of 27.0 vs. 22.0.
Thank you Loved watching the Bed Peace Video We love you
follow back please! :D
Back in my day a snitch was called a tattletale lol...
Whoa, three licensing requests on the same day. Busy day here at OEP!
Haha. I couldn't stomach it till we started segmenting & getting real insight rather than vague generalizations
#songofthemoment Heal My Scars - The Ludovico Technique
Thanks for the updates. Make sure we receive them during the game!
Are you a rental association, real estate website, or real estate blogger? Help us advertise our product and make recurring revenue.
it's not even a good ad
aw i just got on ?? Tweet #OneMoreTime for emily??:) <3
There is nothing better then the playoffs.
About to post our #Women #History Post of the Day on our Facebook Page. 28 Days in and we're going to finish strong.
I thought it was just going to be "screw flanders" written over and over.
same here. Before I knew Austin I use to let the hate get to me & stuff. He honestly changed my life<3
Work work work
You've got a great app in a sea of mediocre (and worse!) apps -- cheers! We'll look forward to hearing how it all went!
Great pass by Tebow but what about the run by Demaryius Thomas to make
My Canadian friend is teaching me to fear Faux Hawk, Tap Out, Chachie & Donkey.
4 yards rushing, for the whole game . . That isn't good, not very good at all. hm I guarantee the hawks will do better next week!
The OST Perm team is staffing a Finance Manager w/extensive Market Data experience in Delaware. Anyone out there?
Holy moly! That sounds awesome! I've been dreaming of a job like that since we moved here. :)
Lox spread is my weakness. On an everything bagel? My heart is complete.
haha I would have to disagree w that statement
omg let's any time but warped tour or august is perf
Can I get a hell yeah? Someone ?
That is so funny!
Wishing everyone a great holiday & Happy New Year! Cruisers - see y'all in 15 days!!!!!!!
You know we did the same thing as North Carolina in California. Alls well that ends well.
Why is that?
I just dont give a fuck
TONIGHT at #CBSoul at #UPTOWNTHEATRE hosting w some #respectable #KCNightlife figures
If you really "hate everyone", you'd be eating lunch alone and not in a massive group of people.
I really hate it when I oversleep!
sorry for thinking i actually meant something to you..
Haha I see.. well in that case, have fun :p
Didn't sleep well last night - Read The Theatre of Revolt and The Tao of Pooh right before going to bed. Weird dreams...
was it the one on St. Paul? cuz i saw that one!!
pleasure meeting you at credentials check in yesterday .
Wish I could watch it too
originally New Jersey but I moved to New York when I was little.. Wbu?
Now playing... Hangin' Tough Tour show... hosted by Luckee! www.nkairplayradio.com
we kno, we enjoy the charade as much as you all tho ;-)
I'm so, I'm so proud of you. <3
#Money + #Weed + #Sex = A happy ME with no stress!!! #JS lol Yeeezzzzziiiiirrrrrr #Avenue Goodmorning!
Where will the show be filmed? Can you DM me your email address? I can write up a blog post & article maybe?
Sure , I'd run away with you . . I wouldnt even think twice.
MD Crab soup at work today for lunch? Yes, please!
when you're sister askes the guy you like "do you like like her?" and he says "i like like like like her" d'aw
Maurice Sendak died :'(
How soon we forget about those 70's and 80's in March #wiwx This really is not all that unusual..at least it stopped raining
I should be asleep.
Busy dawg...wish I could, puttin this work in.
Foundation Directory Training at the Main Library on March 20th at 1pm. This will provide information on grant-seeking resources.
I feel you on that tip
The fatdog is so fat all he can do is roll
It's #springbreak and PVLA has a reduced staff of law students. We're running a little slow, so we appreciate your patience!
I'm afraid not. I'm an eater, not a maker. LOL
Are Pet Psychics Real? Many people claim to be able to communicate psychically with animals, but what does the evidence show?
“: Please tell Seth Myers to get lost.” Dude is a douchebag
i get the first four lines of 'golden' stuck in my head for days at a time.
haha girl I could tell!
AT 10: A high school student attacked at the bus stop decides to share her story, hoping the same won't happen again.
shut up
Is anyone else going to the Wiz concert tomorrow in SF?
I thought everybody knew that. Been that way for years.
good interesting........ Lol u r fun to talk too
OK... I'm looking for a GOOD program where I can rip DVD's so I can see them on my iPhone/iPad. Either free or paid will work. Thanks guys!
sports center 
I hate the R&B singer Tank he cries to fucking much "please don't go" STFU
So.... I completly didn't do ANYTHING homework wise tonight. Oh well...
Drinking a schooner (or two) in your honor. #wasteface “: nothing is the same without me baby!”
Taking my dad to the Sunday O's Nats Game for his 75 bday Beltway series
Nap o'clock
I fucking love you girl omg your amazing like omg best replacement
My parents like my sister more than me
I know! I was like how do you NOT know who 1D are, they're the reason I don't study. Lol
RT :Loved the PEEP Luncheon today
COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!!!
I just ate a blueberry pop tart, pretzels and honey mustard, then pineapple. That's odd, there's something wrong with me. 😳
Bo. Beach House tickets at El Rey in LA sold out pretty much instantly. All the Gs in my phone couldn't get there fast enough.
Wonder how many peeps will move cause of this crappy Seattle weather?
Hmm I will be tuning in for this.
84 at 10:30am? I think I'm going to like it here.
Any early impressions on how well Watchdoc works?
Why this hoe mentioned me *grabs pussy* bitch eat it
": #ThingsPGKidsSay You got the juice - ( )"
YAY! I can't wait!
Who dat? Is this Phil DURHAM?
I love this. I only wish I knew and had brought jäger for the three of us lol
RT : This guy to me is one of the greatest comedians
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting as much lately! I had an absolutely horrible week. :( But I'm back and I promise I'll be tweeting more! :)
The YMCA of Austin is seeking a Boxing instructor and a Taekwondo instructor at our East Communities branch. Please visit...
I always get either niall or Harry on the horoscopes :P lol fine with me(;
I standardized and inputted metadata for a digitization project. Made sure dates, names, places, subjects, etc. fit LOC authorities.
sending up special prayers today for the people devistated by the tornado in Glade Springs & for those affected throughout the Southeast...
Really James??? U wanna play dirty now?
Paul Walker is a sexy beast :) lol I can't wait until Fast Six!
Is it ok to have NATE contact you? Break that single music director
you woke me up!!;)
I think Hamilton deserves to have "The Natural" music played here, I don't even care it's in St. Louis, just play the music!
#ReplaceABieberSongWithArm Silent Arm
RP Kenyatta Goodwen () "You REALLY should have as your Community Web Producer..."
Sometimes you just have to look at yourself in the mirror and wonder -- have I been doing things in reverse my entire life?
we're all on the same wavelength.
I already bought a shirsey.
I've really been under attack lately..seems like everything is happening as I try to finish this album. But I'm learning how to suffer.
Going back to an old love is like reading a book over & over again.. same ending .
It's finally starting to settle in that I'm almost done with high school....
You Aren't The Only 1 Who Hates Rain.... I Hate It As Well... Unless It's Hot Then It's Nice To Have A Little Rain.. :-)
Just found out the publication date of my first article! Woot! August 2012.
so yeah last night def ended to a great weekend just as planned. now back to the daily grind and feeling every min of last night ugh. chilli
Getting ready for presentation with Eric. Gotta get showered, dressed, wake the kids up, change diapers, dress them, help Eric, and moms car
UGH. why does my fucking brother get everything he wants & never gets in trouble but i always do? i'm so pissed off right now.
I've got soul but I'm not a soldier.
New #oilandgas project today!! Excited about new challenges and successes! Do something big today...because you can!
where u at brother
Consider it the kick -off for the Next Big Push. And a chance for a nice dinner.
Follow me on instagram(charlottemathai)I'm so close to 400! Help
That last THOMAS tweet is for everyone, but especially , a rare Yanks/Red Sox fan.
Carl Crawford going for a second opinion ranks just below "Rare Andy Dick footage found" on the list of things I don't want to hear.
Awesome, and yes we "men" are all alike.
Thanks for the message. We apologize for the short delay in response. If you could wait for a new one that would be great! Thanks
haha true. It would be fun though :)
Demo features some favorites from ToyMaker including Abby C Smith, James Zannelli, Michael Scibilia and Kristen Sharpley.
Yay! My hairs light 😊
i'm TOTALLY not LOOKING FOR GRASS on twitter.
everyone in the press said Lee deal would be done by last weekend. There's no reason to trust all this Philly garbage
The mystery team must be
packing joy #26: taking trips down memory lane when finding random things in closet you kept, God knows why: i.e., 5+ year old nicorette gum
There's nothing to see, cause' you know I'm right!! XD
A bank robbery, a police chase, and a homemade bomb all in the same story? AND it's sunny and feels like spring? Today is a good day.
LMAO you just made my day ten times better :)))
I cant even count the # of times my phone rang after 2AM..and 90% of the time I ANSWER...but who can I call *checks watch*...nope, NO1
guys am I the only one curious of what a lineup feat DSteve and DWest would've looked like???!!
Woah, you're friends with THE Eddie Money?
true statement. Got to take cailyn to school first!
yeah come threw
you forgot to mention The Hero Cleanup Protocol has your cover art!
ha! Me too! Followed by 'fabulous' and sometimes 'fantabulous'.
I suppose, though, that it fits with Disney's recent "let's generic up every title we can" philosophy.
High cholesterol levels put an individual at high risk for hypertension and diabetes.
Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards
20 more days left of school.
Butch with 3 3's to start the game! Jam up 11-10
Does everyone have goo Friday off? Roads are empty. No point of going to school
Open seating? What is that?! Gross. I hate Southwest right now
are you guys planning on coming to the U.S.?
Girls who can't get over their ex and move on<<<<
Leroy's are such angels <3
Just saw a license plate that said ICEMAN. Seinfeld, anyone?
" Friends With Kids " just killed me. Absolutely killed me.
#WhiteSox Snow good: #Tiger now lead.
if someone wants to walk out of ur life LET THEM GO! The fact tht they wanna leave shows they prob never shouldve been there in the 1stplace
i think JV throws another no-no if weaver doesn't get ejected...
In logan square making these mfrs drinks... & bout to get started cooking a sunday dinner
Hahahah - I am that person for my school. (Well, especially with grade-school pix.)
You love me, and i wouldnt have it any other way
hell no this shit is hard
lmao t-boz is raw forreal can't no other female hit her low notes haha
I'm sorry love :\ he will follow you some day I promise :)
Oakland Arts will be checking out the Polish Hill Arts Fest Sat. 7/17 Corner of Brereton and Dobsons Streets. See you there!
i said one smile at a time sounds alotbetter ;) lmao jkjk :p omg i got a 60 in my report card for history :s
then we fight on who has the better name -- katelynne or katelyn (im katelyn hawww i have the better name xd)
Sorry Mr. D but you're boring me to tears
hahaha im not im just telling the truth (:
I actually used to enjoy Matisyahu, but now he just seems like some sort of immodest yahoo.
STAT not stst... see what i mean????
Obviously, because overalls are so fucking cute. OBVIOUSLY.
I have complained to they blame for the bad feed
I don't even understand what that tweet meant.
US team, 12 shots on goal; Japan, 5 shots. No scoring. So frustrating!
Only if you want to run everything off SSD, which I believe is less than ideal for applications that need to do a lot of writing
I want whatever Bob Pisani is smoking.
you got it David! Thx for the good info...
I'd like to volunteer. What do you need?
yeah, I get it, but just seems silly.
you can count on it!!!!
Rainy ass Portland
Me too! I minored in History! Then I got a Masters in Library Science, solidifing the fact that I will never have disposable income
“Familiar acts are beautiful through love.”
damn cousin where u been at?
mee too they need to be together!
Playing some Tom Waits tonight!
Hey, whatcha doing tomorrow? Want to go to Atl w/me? Going to Health&Fitness Expo to pick up race packet. Would love company :)
concentrate on positives, great revenue from new stadium, great infrastructure, great stylish coach, historic club back in UCL.
NEWS ALERT: City Council votes 14-0 to change curfew law, end $1000 tickets for late students
RT 5 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW ME.. I'll FOLLOW BACK ;D
No problem girlfriend!
Have you checked out the SuperBohl(sen) page via ? There's a live video stream of #Super46 village, vlogs & more!
I'm coming up there messing everything up lol RT we work together tomorrow !! Lol
Who is attending the in Sevilla this weekend? We hear it's a great program, look forward to tweets about it!
Heading downtown for round 2 of the Big Buck world championships. Hangin with Travis Pastrana, free drinks and video games holler
Woo kentucky!
isn't that just extra protein ?
Headed up to the mythical land of "SoCal." I hope they like me, those socalifornians! My northern Tijuana ways can be so strange.
will just have to look forward to puerto rico.
Patterson's View by Cliff Cardin..If you have a kindle I think its only .99 cents to download it
This game going too hard!! #Lakers vs Thunder
Music and life mahn. What about you?
Neat! Whereabouts on campus is it?
having a big family is always helpful
Birthdays then: wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: wow! Look at all these notifications!
Registered for day 1d maint event. Starts tomorrow at noon west coast time.
Ouch. Hopefully it is just bruised.
If you truly love the , do yourself a favor and follow the new Royals Hall of Fame Twitter,
We are 5000 teachers across the globe. Go PLPeeps!
Shooting a PSA tomorrow.
Time to bust out the headphones 😏
Starting work tomorrow with improv, film and theater camps at PushPush. Kids and great literature make for interesting results.
I'm with Mr schoenholtz in sec 237 row a
fucckk getting up tomorrow for community service legit
Pollard might need a police escort out of Foxboro tonight...
Poor girl in callahan. Hope she's ok
I just started coughing and I can't stop.
i would suppose mr gates would be happy about msft's recent purchase. owning your formal rival must be satisfying.
We're looking into it. Will report back ASAP.
Shanghai just had an earthquake! Lights were swinging.
“: I do not feel like being in this house”
SOO SO glad you love it!! :)
I think speaking notices have started going out today.
but i'm ascairt.
My CIPA Committee is presenting its first Professional Development session for Library Faculty who teach for the New Year. Exciting...
If you see me walking around campus lightly gripping a pristine white single piece of paper, please don't think I'm weird.
Spring Sidewalk Sale starts tomorrow at 10am-Prices up to 75% off! Tons of great deals on Badgers AND Packers gear! www.buckyslockerroom.com
When did I acquire all these new followers? Following back now!
don't know why I'm still up I'm nowhere near sleepy
I miss Justin's #RANDOMTWEETHOUR so bad !!
alright that sounds good
Yes location svc is active when app is open & stndby when in bckgrnd. It only monitors significant changes in your location. This
I just wanna go home.
Y'all are gonna kill me...wearing sneaks with my work outfit
Definitely Nina Wheeler.
don't forget the pics
no u r
Ah, thanks for the references
It's always fun jammin' in your car to; Getto Boys - Die Mother Fuckers ♥
<---- Birthdays in 6 days
On the initial screen for NBA Jam TE for Genesis hold start and press A on H, let go start for V, hold start and hit B for Y.
RT : I run circles around u bitches
I gotta admit though, He was looking mighty good in that video ;) Lmaoooooo
I'm totally confused why you would put an exclamation point after that.
Now THAT was a solid first half #chargers Glad to see Gates getting some action.
when's the next ustream? (: xx
to the inventors of pineapple, thank you
Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
#ItCuteWhen I see that handsome guy in the mirror everytime ;)
We reconvene tomorrow!
I'm much more willing to entertain a book suggestion than I am a movie suggestion.
Peace to
Damm its only monday, and i already miss ya, damm i got it bad
We're still looking for Festivus prize sponsorship. Email to sponsor a prize.
Hey Come see one of your artists today at 5pm
Twitpic wont load again. ughh.
if you dont tr(eat) her right someone else will
Weather in Seattle is looking a lot like weather in Cleveland. Helpful for packing.
Oh look. The American Century Theater is now on Twitter:
RT Sendak on ebooks "F%*k them. I hate those ebooks...cannot be the future...may well be. I'll be dead I won't give a shit
REAL NIGGAS MAKE MOVES F@#k NIGGAS SIT STILL....
OBAMA WON THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE FOR MANAGING TWO **WARS** HOW IS THIS AN ACT OF PEACE?!?!! Has this whole world just gone into crazy land?
What's Up Everybody-:)Come Stain??
Asiago Olive Rolls at Spaghetti Benders? Tasty! Suggestion: make it 2 orders...
abita,right? Have u had their ipa? > “: This bar has Purple Haze....... Possibly new favorite bar...”
well look at God!! Congrats cuz where at?
aw carl miss you too!
Thank you so much for the kind words! :-)
“He can’t look like that. That’s wrong. Just look at him!” I'm going to yell that at ppl coming out of a salon. To prove I'm a leader.
No public ghosts allowed!!
Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it
no my dude, a contraction only count as 1 word!
sounds nice i love pomergranate!
Rockin , get your jamz on and be safe , thanks a bunch ! happy new year :)
Heading to Austin this weekend wit Get at me if u go.
so true. defense and these sabermetrics for the IF suck. you win by scoring. OF is different, but I like my SS to hit then field
R2KStudio offers Education Discounts up to 50% off STUDIO RENTALS! If you attend any of our local LV Campuses please call us for more info.
bitch please i'm like a helicopter : pretty, hot, and take you to the sky
count me in!
Yay! He looks like he likes it! Thanks, !
- Fight was closer than the judges scorecards had it. didn't win, but he won more rounds than he got credit for.
hell yea that nigga was og coming out there with that gun
sigh..ur gonna make me cry..what poem is that from?...James Joyce?..
When people are really paranoid when they're high. >>>> LMAO.
I'm well rested, which means I'm about to kill it at the gym!
Ops ! I stayed up way past my bedtime forking with the MacBook. I will pay for it tomorrow.
okay now it's 6 months? I guess his aunt just said that.
I'd be far more interested in #TheVoice if my cat were in it. . . . .and if it wasn't a live singing competition. . . Just cats.
98 of America's richest 100 people are white dudes. The other two are Asian dudes. Thank god we're over racism and sexism! via
HAVE A GREAT DAY
Gonna try to get an acting job even though i am only 12 :/
Joe tweeted "Hello Italy" and 15 minutes later, it started to trend.
waiting for the painkillers to kick in so I can take a shower and drive my butt to the hospital.
Adam Lilly from "Much like a pub, social media is a storytelling destination."
U trynna get shot??
#MahoneOnEllen is now #2 on the trending topics in the United States #MahomiesGoHard :)
Copyright got you stymied? Recruit local talent to make a book you can share. Thanks Jamie!
luckily you didnt have to
now that's big time. Now you need big time recruits there
Mom: "your first kid's just an experiment. There's no book to tell you what to do."
I had a dream last night that me and you were singing a duet at a HUGE concert!!!!! the best dream ever!!!! <3 :)
Thanks so much! You're too sweet! How are you feeling? I've been praying for you!
HOME RUN RYAN BRAUN!!!!!!!
off twitter for a bit.. check me on instagram "London Bridgez" Pow !
oh ok..that's what I thought. Lol. Enjoy your tweets Roseanne! Keep fighting the good fight! :)
& if there is fault in promoters booking talent in matches to make money how is that different
yes we will ;)
I understood all of that until after you said "emptied it", then i couldn't understand the rest lol
This is the sound of the future.
Honestly? Some blasts are better left in the past.
Many of our shows turn the focus on music. We’d like to hear from you: What music-based shows do you want to see more of on SCAN?
thanks for the follow - you have an interesting philosophy!!!
Ikr! I had membership and everything lmfao
Just started airing Season 3, who knows what the future holds, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Thanks for the compliment!
This time she tweeted repeat to satiety
thanks for support, !
don't make me promises, baby. You never did know how to keep them well
If you haven't seen LABIOS ROJOS yet, come over to the UltraStar Cinemas, we will be screening it @ 10:00 PM TONIGHT!
Currently #amreading The Zen of Running.
We should never permit ourselves to do anything that we are not willing to see our children do. - Brigham Young
haha hell yeah
BEAUTIFUL! I want pictures!
and usually all that's needed is a positive outlet.
There are, on average, over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world each day
It makes me so happy when I poke into my morning egg and see the vibrant orange-yellow yolk.
I'm in marketing so online ads are useful data AND pay my mortgage. Feels wrong to use ad block software.
Employers have begun to add jobs, including a net increase of 162,000 in March.
indiana. woo.
We're almost to 3,000 followers! Help us out!
not the best work out today but 35 min is better than none at all
Congratulations to on “Either Way it Ends with a Shovel” winning the Award for Best Short Story on the Web!
“As for me, I know of nothing else but #miracles.” - Walt Whitman
I didn't see yo ass at ricks neither , gone come at me like that earlier
Oh well I guess not hahaha ok Spurs time!!!
Hoosiers play today at 8:45p.m.! Enjoy 3 mini burgers for $5 and don't forget to wear crimson and cream. Go Hoosiers!
Music interviews r so lame!Mr. Thunder appreciates ur earnest interest2solicit1,but he has no interest in this brand of promotional fodder!
Hey everyone! We are now officially at Sofia's Downstairs!
Happy 4th of July - Lets keep it a safe one
A mind is a parachute so makes sure its open.
I love how fans and media are angry about 1 and dones while others are staying 4 years with degrees in worthless majors
It depends on the picks. They better be high, because that's what we need. A star.
I love kisses :D
I'm digging it!
No thank you. I'll keep my freedoms instead.
OMGosh.. it's so hard! Especially now since he can reach the bowl “: How are you rationing candy for your toddler?
Right Above It
In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people. Wayne Dwyer
“: 2days until we arrive in Los Angeles. America...Get Ready!!” i'm so excited! Can't wait for you to come to New York!!
one of my favs!
He's my prince and I'm his princess. And that's how it's gonna stay.
In other words, this is your LAST CHANCE to save yourself from failing my course (p.s. I'm a secular humanist/Unitarian)
Kids birthday at a park in the rain. Great idea. Never been this far into Santee before.
Never judge a book by its cover! You may be surprised on what you find...
so many new creative art ideas flooding in for the Do Art Daily starting in Feb that my head is spinning! What to do?
Dam swear I was letting him have it......FLIPPED dat shit on me
thus concludes a wonderful wednesday. fingers crossed for something better than tuesday tomorrow.
#tomyunbornchild be careful who yu befriend females are not too be trusted
In Mac Preferences, says I'm connected (IP address 10.0.0.2.) but still not loading pages.
in the block section of privacy settings.
Thanks for sharing the pic! It was good to see you there :)
nice to make your acquaintance, Queen.
I'm done denying Christ in my life, all things are created through him!
A toast for the douchbags
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I use to ride the V2 just to get some AC!!
how about we have justice for both brothers we all are grieving for them-Amen
Do the Goofy. You'll describe it differently. ;-)
Watching the "Titanic" 3D trailer has been the best part of the #oscars so far. April 4, so there.
new band name?
me for what I am and for what I am not. He can be a little tactless but no man is perfect. But him pointing out beautiful women to me does
I always forget that Layne Staley and Kurt Cobain share the same death date. I still hope they're both at peace.
Yes that earthquake woke me up. Yes I was on the 31st floor.
teleporting of course!
Daylight savings ends this Sunday- don't forget to set your clocks back, and enjoy that extra hour of sleep!
You can't accept yourself when you have a successful business...you've got to accept yourself so that you can have a successful business!
At my nephews 7 and up gymnastics meet
These fake Laker fans are holding on to any shred of dignity they have left. Go back to LA #BeatLA SunsVsLakers
SO HOW CAN I EARN MY ADMISSION?
Exciting news ahead for San Diego County's art scene...
Proof please!
 pray until something happens!
I was one of the lucky ones who asked early..
If you share the booze, we'll show you some drunk Tweets with a side of advertising. Maybe. Maybe not?
ugh i wish it was easier to get them ):
looking at pictures of you and listening to your covers make me emotional now.
so how are you doing bby boy?
i don't think it's "touristy", more like high powered. Can you say Crawfish Pies?! Delicious...
I need some pep. stat!
its a hot apple cider kinda day, c'mon!
POLLS coming up...revolving around #Tebow #Tiger...best responses get RTs....
-- thanks for the mention!! Purim Sameach!
New job. New car. New friends. I'm so happy!! :)
and where are the facts for this!?
bad news, look forward to seeing you back when the #yotto for milwaukee starts
#FF It's finally Friday! Have a great weekend!
Yea but they aren't TSRs RT : When tech support people are hired to read questions from an "If/Then" list, I go into a rage.
Having a moving sale tomorrow from 8-1.... Stop by and get a nice find!!!!
Tripled up first hand I played up around 60k right now.
Sometimes, sweet joy derives from extreme sorrow. Keep hope alive. Keep defending your right to exist in a world that seems to push you out.
No matter how many times I hear it I always sing along to the fresh prince theme song
Milk. Strawberry Syrup. Combine.
welcome with open arms and steak!
We're OPEN! “: you guys aren't closed are you??”
FYI, I've been following your blog since we met at the Corcoran. It's so good! :-)
Help a great cause by donating diapers or having a diaper drive. For more information email us at
inbox me your email and I will send my story to you:) like I said b4 u r going to like it:)
lol bye ...and I will
There are weeks you're Ted Williams and there are weeks you're Bill Buckner.
Them african tore my head up .....
Men Against Breast Cancer thank's you for including
Nick Young is the truth off the bench
they thought about it but you're too short.
Historian problem: can never remember how to spell steelyard like a modern person. Too many arcane spellings in my head.
I should go wake up ashley lls.
I love all of your tweets.....
barley tonight and Lizzie's tomorrow come!
Not worthy of the moniker "Snake Pliskin in Space"?
Hey, all. Abt 833,000 lovely people voted against Amendment 1 in North Carolina-Enough of hateful, stupid jokes. Work to make it better.
hey i just tweeted you. and this is crazy, but heres my twitter, so follow me maybe?
RT Tonight's topic is #blogging for biz! Pls share your blog URL, topic, target audience & date you started.
#Nuggets have allowed 4 offensive boards by #Lakers in 1st Q. That's too many.
RT : It's not how big your idea is. It's how INTERESTING your idea is. ~saulcolt
Its a cold game, better keep a warm jacket on.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-73
eatting some hot pockets aha
Not sure what happened to the previous tweet. Payton got 1 year. Is Goodell saying that Vilma was just as culpable as Payton?
Thanks Ron, and yep, time flies when you're having fun.
. hope you took Chris Rene!
We're doing a nice #ceviche this weekend with #tilapia!!! Its already chilling and ready to be served.
did someone say party?
Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list!
YES!! I was worried at first when they were gonna put it out but it looks absolutely AWESOME!!
"The US doesn't compete against Germany. Detroit competes against Munich." Leinberger on why we need to support our cities.
feisty bitch ;)
went to SES CHICAGO 2010TRADE SHOW...
Welcome classy new followers , , , , and ! I am honored.
no, really?! RT "Fundraising will be challenging." -- Rick Tyler, head of Newt super PAC.
you better believe it!
I swear i dont care how go to school
The awkward moment when you make a joint call and forget to decide who's going to ask for the customer...so no one says anything...
at least you weren't on the motorcycle...guessing u won that battle. Hope everyone's ok
New Ulm will head to state for the fourth consecutive time. In seven games at the tourney, the Eagles have only won once. Outscored 56-10.
#thirstythursday..come line ya pitchers and flasks at the bar for that demon rum..
Watching at 9. I really like the beginning of our news now.
Life won't let you near, won't let survive. Compress your fear, let me open up your mind..
lol... I wish girl!
I'm at home sick -__-
RAYlicious! Way better than delicious. #MB lol
where do you plan on going? Need any pointers? Greatest city in the world!
Doesn't mention Obama veto threat? MT Ruppersberger on cybersecurity bill: Shows what can happen when Dems, GOP work together.
Thanks Greg! What're you up to lately?
DiD HE JUS SAY HE WANNA BE LiKE ME WEN HE GROWN UP BOL" oh
good call
change your password. You are sending me crazy ass messages.
Thanks for the support! RT : Looking for trusted service providers for your business/ start-up? Check out
Awesome photos! Looks like the students really enjoy the class. Have a great week!
the freaks don't go ta sleep we come out at night pahahahahaha
Legal Tip for the Day: Most chapter 7 cases are "no-asset" case, which simply means that you do not have any non-exempt property to be sold
no problem :)
How has Spo not made his subs yet? Chalmers and haslem dont help at all
Actually, it's refreshing to hear from people who love their jobs. I love mine, too, but who wouldn't?
Not yet! Planning to give it a shot tonight after work. :)
We need justice for #Trayvonmartin and all the boys and men that were killed and harassed because they are black.
On my way home(:
My older sister & neice are coming to eat lunch with & I. Love them :)
:P and feel better!
Mexican omelet at the Montreal airport was surprisingly good. 14 hours of air travel to go!
Thanks for following! We enjoy following & looking forward to learning more about you. We are a finance co in SV
Thanks, Andrea! Love your music. :)
I don't like you.
Do something right and nobody remembers. Do something wrong and nobody forgets.
There's a "sparkly" kind? Don't think I want to know...
Hold it down for Yung Trap
Riding mowers are one of life's simple pleasures. I relish every ride I take on one.
I don't wanna be in writing class. ugh. we are literally doing nothing today...
thanks for sponsoring me! “: #nyve NY Angels Sponsored 50 tickets for top entrepreneurs of New York”
Lol “ About 2 get in my d4l bagg,if I hear one more snoring sound!”
Nov. UW Golf Classes start tomorrow @ 5 & 6 pm. There won't be a Tues. Thurs. class this month. Thanks
For poetry, literature, art, theatre, wittiness, and general hilarity, #FF and Two sides of the same, shiny coin
Gah my throat is sore :/
i need money
Tonite's Dinner Feature: Wild Mushroom Enchiladas w/stir fry green beans and rice. Salmon Cheddar Soup and Banana Choc Chip Ice Cream.
We seriously need to get you a M-F job
You can't tell a book by it's cover, but you sure can sell a book by it's cover.
head up , stay strong . fake a smile , move on ♥
My mom is my motivation : )
what are you doing at the movies when there is an OSU game on?!
Where u at? RT : Boom. Seats selected for Season Tickets.
I hate school. And most of all I hate getting up for it.
My next car is straight gon be a
If you only show up when everythings good and disappear when everythings bad...then i dont what you hear at all
oops. Sorry guys. ... but I was car number 2, right?
Sorry, folks. Myrtle and the other SC beaches simply cannot compare to the NC beaches.
Who's partaking in #EliteWeddingWednesday?
Are you serious? Where was it at!
One Step Closer
where u been at....i saw a tweet u did nd I'm ova here like oh shit i remember her
Starlito - Mental Warfare my song feel like its the soundtrack to my life
Rather than focusing on things and time, focus on preserving and enhancing relationships and on accomplishing results. --Stephen Covey
I have a writing deadline - of course, I'm cleaning out the refrigerator . . . and twittering.
Maybe I'm the only person over 12 who orders them but Taco Bell cinnamon twists should be in grocery store chip aisle
My iPhone just autocorrected some gibberish I wrote to "meatloaf king." Lolz.
But you totally are KG! A heaping mound of #FlopSoHard shit! RT : Hawks ain't shit...
I'm so good at making typos.
It is my decree that tonight shall be a cuddly night! Good eve. <3
Why is this Chew's twitter name?! Lol oh well B-Town!
Trying to find order in this chaos that is my life.
yes the other one is somebody that i use to know, get out.
i got one, seems similar to one that went around awhile most should know not to click it.
TODAY is your only chance to see #Casablanca back in theatres. Don't miss TCM Presents #Casablanca 70th Anniversary in a theatre near you.
The Old Testament as we have it seems to be an Iron Age document. Of course it is far from being one document. It is a library.
It's a wet one but a GREAT Day to SAVE - Come on by today, & SOAK UP THE SAVINGS - ALMOST EVERYTHING is 50% OFF! Shop, Support, and SAVE!
WHAT UP
I guess the jig is up. Please release her.
Not surprising. Everything will be canceled for a while. He may not be in that roll for long anyway.
Good morning and God bless...
Crushing code & enjoying the On Air Radio show
tomorrow is my big day. Press event for a new McDonalds nutrition program. more info to come. n ways to participate
“: I don't care how many times it is remade, the only real Robin Hood is the fox from Disney...”
": I miss them" dey said wat it do lol
Watching Stephen Colbert grill David Gregory on a mini Meet the Press on
now! :) come ova
Glad to be back podcasting at full strength with both and Jennifer Navarrete aka
refs, be fair on BOTH sides, not just on the majority of one side. sort of reminds me of when Spurs were in Utah last time with no big 3.
great book. I used it in my seminar on the Enlightenment this semester.
Finally the spring game wait is here. I hope Duck fans can exceed last year's attendance record. #goducks #wtd #Green vs.
does jlo have a lil nip slip?
Just saw Auggie Smith hilarious !!!!
sfhhgvisdfaudncfasufeha Just follow me please!!!!!!!!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 21
Conductors of young or average choirs may be reluctant to order staggered breathing in rhythmically complex passages. They should not be.
'Sup World.
good luck this weekend kind sir. Congrats and have fun!
