Sounds great! Forget to mention that if you check-in on Foursquare or Facebook you get a Free Duff Beer (once per day)!
. It's an issue for the whole movement :) What creative ways might you find people who want coworking but don't know about it?
sounds amazzing! Call me up baby. Bahaha
What a day! Headed to to relax!
Nice! Been there but it was frozen...
4,000 followers is sneaking up on me. Neat how that happens! Keep 'em coming...
dude when are you coming by the shop? I have tons of new product just sitting here waiting for you to play it
I thought 36/late 30s? I've done that so many times, LOVE HER BLOG. And the Prince obsession. And the Black Hollywood
You shouldn't be eating that. It's bikini season.
She always got that hair over that one lil eye #FMU she needs to get that fixed
get over yourself, you're not any special or brand new
Yessir! See ya in few!
- Yo! Things are good in The 'Ville. Keep up the good work.
Follow him!
There's another one out there where a woman gives birth to candy. Shit is getting weird.
Fairfield, Connecticut bound for the weekend to visit and Entering Stags country.
RT : Student loan debt isn't just a bubble - it could be strangling public service careers in the crib. explains:...
We thought so too! Have you read the books yet?
CGQ tomorrow night Saturday in Burlington Iowa at the Washington
Pastor used a 'ism: When the tomb was empty & Jesus arose - BALLGAME! Sin was paid for and death was conquered!
“: I have to post this recipe. There is something about spicy & sweet that makes it so yummy!” pls...I can't wait
Imma be playing Diablo II up in this bitch
dm me please
This. Has. Been. The. Longest. Week. Ever. . .
I think someone blocked me! I love it, just saved me from unfollowing her annoying tweets.
dude I really miss you. You need to get back in the city like now
So many changes in the NBA..... I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.
aw shit i forgot to dry my work stuff.....
I wanna have a Thunder watch party with my friends, I think I should get this plan in motion. :)
Auto-spelling fail: "Our studies build on a number of desperate research spaces."
Moving blogs from typepad to wordpress. Wordpress is SO much better for your legal blog or site. Upgrade yesterday !
I'm eating taco bell for lunch because loves it and I miss him. Pathetic? or adorable. It's a fine line.
I don't think we will be too loud
you crack me up girl! You are accepting personal discomfort because "perlz" do. I have this visual of u getting slimed!
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though your innocent.
It's a Negro here with a song called "Stop N Go"
When you have a relationship problem in business you will need more women. Brittingham prefers to help grow woman-owned businesses
#ErvinFan RT : I am so excited for tomorrow because the playoffs are finally here!
A broken heart is blind
I love when people lie to me especially women because when I find out the truth and confront you mouths drop like they saw Jesus.
you might simply be the dumbest bitch ever
Day 2 of the Dell Worldwide Imaging Summit in Singapore is underway! Already received great updates from Pong Fei on new products
I don't care who you are or what you do, I'll respect you 'til you give me a reason not to.
Denzel said: betta b lucky I don't cut ur fuckn dick off and stick it up ur ole funky ass
Listening to the super sounds of the 70's.
whats up with the hoopers in the wilmington area. fill me in tweeples. besides new hanover who's got talent?
it was a glow stick I had in my hand lol
holding back on ACAD-NAS backup till other problems clear up
How can there be a two-hour wait for a table for two in every good restaurant in #williamsburg?
NICE :D
Ash -- Congrats. Your posts have credibility, and your method has rigor. Please keep it up.
I hope you are right! :/
We're covering the Supreme Court recount today. Anyone planning to volunteer or observe?
i paused my movie to get on twitter i need help
Malice with Nicole Kidman and Alec Baldwin was the #1 movie this day in 1993.
... ROFL finally remembered to peep the vid you sent me. LOL at that cumshot. That would be crazy lol
You will have a blast RT : my first steeler game this year. Stoked.
Haha smart ass. Come over after school. Bought some 2ci off a guy. It's pretty good. :)
Very nice picture. Very natural.
HA you know what i meant!
going tubing today with my family(: #goodtimes<3
- Thanks for the mention!
Thanks! Yes, I tagged him the drawing on his Facebook :D
Holy s%*t! What a crazy day!
Welcome back Chris carpenter!
That must kinda be how it looked when Larry Bird did it.
Where the laid back girls, that just chill in the summer? Cant find em.
almost as fun as sitting next to Tiesto on Friday and Deadmou5 on Saturday...
The sky was blue today. The barn was red today. This was the best game of the tournament today.
I definitely hear your reservations.
I love days off work. Now only if I could have no school.
RT : Follow These Great People:
I will stop talking to myself in grocery stores. Eventually.
LOL. Stop beating around the bush. How do you REALLY feel? ;-)
Dear Financial Planning Coalition: Please don't bury the lead in your email updates. Warm regards, Bill
Fun app you should check out called #Viggle. Get points for watching TV. Already snagged some neat goodies with points.
IIHF US/Canada On NBC! I'm excited to watch it!
Excited to have a date night w . If u call, text, tweet, or wolf her tonight I will beat you!
I won't tell! Enjoy your fish!
of course 😊
Watching Harry's law and wow Kathy Bates has BALLS! Love it!
: Georgia/ is rockin #KAConnect2012. Love that she's talking about design *and* design thinking.
thanks! RT : Ive got my shovel.... I'm going after it, BTW, love your girls names! :)
Maybe not today, but perhaps someday... :)
#damm aint been on twitter in a while
damn damn damn! Ill be home in san antonio and I return the 30th.
Somebody stole the sink from the new daisy's outside bar!
And Mat Stover makes names the pick
okayy that's the one I've always had anyways haha
MOST definately. Best thing going during daytime for sure. INSANE
Seriously, people: I would be shocked if Santorum dropped out before the Pennsylvania primary. It doesn't make sense.
work it on me?
You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree... But the best way to fall, is to fall in love with me
Tennis all day!!!:)
the new J.J. Abrams show picked up by NBC sounds interesting
Thanks for following, appreciate it!
cools its not for me, two out of towners are staying with us and while they are ok with being dropped off at LAX 12 hrs before
Thanks great session #dscoop6 I will start using some of those social media tactics today- even at 7am your on your game!
Looking forward to the memories of right now
I got a new puppy! :D
Something needs to be done about that! My idea > NBA should have an amateur SD competition among best street ballers nationwide
“Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.” Horace Mann
Thai curry?
I'm fine :) you should sleep!
Wow, only costing 30 facebook creidits, can we view 20 moives via facebook app , google TV device ot Apple's iPad tablet.
I miss you and us time. You and Frozen Yogurt sounds so good right about now.
People treat you differently when you are carrying 22 naked Barbies around in a box.
Haha, thanks for the mention on #philcast. Didn't mean to spook you, will work on getting the wife to listen also!
#YouWereCuteUntil you started to show your actual self.
Top back Middle finger , mutha fuck the other side .
I'm seriously concerned Kerry may be killed
Shea McClellin drafted by Chicago Bears
Oh really? That's so cool, where do you go to school?
#Espinosa!!!! double for a scoring home run.
So the big-ass grower tells me, "You have to put it under lights 18 hrs/day." Sorry; I will not contribute any more than I have to to SDG&E.
Glad you made it to TEDx. I know I'm looking forward to hearing the speakers.
Glad Zimmerman finally has a competent defense attorney!! VERY necessary for the scales of justice to be properly balanced!!
hey, your buddy from jersey is coming to stump for you.
Empty middle you are my companion today!
Man it was a long week, but I know it is going to pay off.
Oh yeah, it had a big, fat typo in it. I hate that. :-) I think I said "You are sweet. Move to America!"
#idol in 6! Nervous! Don't wanna see anybody go!
thanks for ruining my evening. Ever hear of a little piece of technology called the DVR?
In any event, it's infinitely more detailed on tax reform than what many who fault him for not doing reform have offered. [2/2]
The Constitution guarantees us the right to be safe and secure in our own homes, as well as the right to be secure in our papers, etc.......
RT : "Mr. Wonka, *I* am a teacher of #geography." "Oh, well then you know all about it..."
work.. Then Ratatat!!
I keep forgetting to pick up my shirt I ordered weeks ago! Are you guys at your new location yet? I need to stop by!
Timing is everything when it comes to asking for questions during a presentation. ~Bob Pike
Marc Great Kickoff event Carolina Learning Connection last evening at Atherton Mill. Lifetime Learning at it's best.
i watched some of them today and it just brought back so much memories haha
really? Hope its just misunderstanding
Spendin time with my Dad. Just watchn him trim the bushes.. I really cherish every moment... He is priceless...
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I love to travel :) I try and go everywhere that I can whenever I can.
Cat Stevens was right; Crow just crooned it more recently.
I hate when someones taken and they try to come flirt with me unless you're Justin Bieber then leave.
"We only chase the cheese like a group of mice, summer time in Hell eternal paradise"
uh huh ass super soft she made my dick hard i put in her booty then she slobbed dick nutted on her that shit was a glob
What doesn't kill you makes your stronger<3
I Can Handle It (;
was that the same ref who missed the push off at the end of the first half?
its old song LoooL😝
School sucks...just two more days!
#FamousLies We don't need to market our business! Embroidered polos, shirts, jackets, hats &screenprinting too! - www.shirtguydirect.com
“: Double death with Jenny free” 😭😭😢
#HowToGetRejected ..if yo Breath Smell like Belly Button Juice! You gotta go Bitch..
L-theanine, amino acid in the tea plant, has all kinds of benefits, including effects on brain waves and better concentration/relaxation.
You have to speak to be heard, but sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated.
"Boy you'll be the death of me, you're my James Dean, make me feel like I'm 17"
IM RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT PATRICK JAMES FORD VOTE FOR ME PAT FORD 2016 - PAT FORD*
And the eagle has landed! #Home #Detroit #Michigan #DetroitFitteds lol
my wire came off my braces :(
Umm no first is Sarah and Second is Sara (:
why they do politics for votes?
-- LoL little risque but only other option I had next to something far from sexy....i took a chance :-P
What Ron Artest say? Or am I Gunna have to watch it in the am
what time
Happy Friday! RT :
hes prob dancing to sexy and i know it now hahaha Oh Bieber
Getting my #Kronum tailgate on at 230, watch for the pregame show then game time live at 5 on Kronum.com
wish I'd thought of it sooner...I'm on my way to friendship heights now!
Hey did you get a haircut? No, I dyed the tips of my hair invisible
Drink for the fun. Sing for the taste.
biology test; done. 
yeah., that is a pain.
Reverend Raven and the Chain Smokin' Altar Boys play tonight @ 7! Come get down with the Rev!
When Bynum brings the ball below his knees, chalk it up as a turnover.
decided to play the $2,500 PLO yest. bagged up ~ 110,000 to end day, resume today at 2 with I think 17 players left. 9 pay, 60 or so to 1st
wanna pick me up?
good vibes being sent :)
RT Q3- What skills do IDs need for designing access to content?
No problem. Good Luck!
. Ha. Indeed! Already too late for me. Save yourselves!!
Discovered any sick San Fran bands??
Congrats to the winner in the Charity / Non-Profit sector: Outreach for Humanity!
Need help? I'm a bad ass MF packer!
when your parents friends bug you about boyfriends... no; i dont have one and never have. so stop...
We can do that! But if you kids want matching jumpsuits, you're barking up the wrong tree.
"I want to do a girl just to say I've done fish". Can't believe said that tonight.
please tell me we see the baby...
haha convinced two moms i was a boy. all in the magic in clothes. some thought i was justin bieber. ;)
#AlexandriaVA Bike and Pedestrian Action Committee, 5/19, 9 a.m. bikes to DC to try out Penna Ave. and 15th St. bike lanes.
": It is always bitter sweet packing my bags to leave Chicago...See ya soon Phoenix." So glad I got two hugs! See you in July.
Lol glee, Dinosaur Prom !
I really enjoyed your Chase interview but was taken aback by all your tweets during that time. Automated tweets seem impersonal
I think I'm allergic to the mornings.
I truly, madly, deeply wish Savage Garden would get back together :'(
That's hilarious!
like you
will texas score again this half?
The United States of America, home of other countries/cultures unwanted/unappreciated holidays
My pleasure! It was very relaxing. :)
- That's a great idea. Heritage travel. I'm sure there are plenty of people with stories to share. Your Irish show was great!
What good day!
So many dates on my calendar it looks tattooed .
A great big thanks & twitter hug to for doing that testimonial for KUSC. *Muah*, chica!
With each day that passes, my boxer Meggers gets slower & more tired. I hate watching the downward spiral of my best companion
its the sunny weather
Thanx ! Hope all is well.
seriously... that and Somebody I Used To Know HAS TO GO!!! both are trash.
Thanks for an amazing Day 1 of ur Digital Mktg Boot Camp! Look fwd 2 tomorrow!
I guess on second thought Wood decided not to be 'that guy'.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 25
Being alone isn't fun tired.....but hey I'd rather him tlk to me even a lill bit
come on benba
Define irony: Needing your glasses to find your glasses.
Fighting high gas prices by riding the this weekend. #LA-->#SD #summaplans #travel #vacation 🚉🏊
Don't wife a hoe or cheat on a girl who's wifey type
RIP Steve Jobs
RT : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. ~ Napoleon Hill
Lorraine López read wonderfully this evening at the Folger Library from her story "Sugar Boots". Sit-down dinner afterwards, and sat next to
Let the games begin!!
Thanks!! I figured you could identify... :)
aye just being real. Lol
a-fucking-gree. once upon a time, there was a little girl who didn't know how to enunciate her words and would ALWAYS make some up
easy come, easy go
Love him.. Dear John is one of my favorite movies.
Have an eye for word jumbles? Here's one to test yourself with, "kecsheaecae." Come into U-Swirl today for 50% off once you've solved it.
Nice! I like the play on words ;)
If we were following you and r no longer @ us we will follow back.
My I.D expired March of last year
pay attention avg women, when you buy Victoria secrets underwear you will look like a super model to if ur that dumb
Tnx for the follows, mentions, and RTs!
Happy Holidays! And, pick up a book while you are on break. It will do the mind some good. :)
": She likes to blow me, so I will never blow her off." Once again EW! xP
I have enjoyed your service but this price hike is unacceptable. I (like many others) will not be renewing.
LOL. i got plans
He don't understand Y we do the things we do...um guess he never had what we got :/ #JealousyIsNotCute Stop #Begging you look #AMess. LOlz
Adding "..." to the end of a text can make anything sound like you're pissed. "Yeah, it was really good seeing you..."
just turned off the sound on the brewers game and turned on party in the USA. 2 immediate hits.. ;)
Trade Press is working with a client on her social learning blog. What knowledge do you have to share? TPS can help.
My family plus a librarian party = me drinking white wine and lots of it.
that's what I'm here for! (; Haha.
Rainy day... good time to listen to some music on Simmons Radio!
is sad.
Did you miss the lecture "More Secrets of the Grimstead Room" last night Stop by the Metuchen Library 1st Sat bet 10-12 to see the real deal
HAHA great read!
#TwitterAfterDark what would you do to be #Foreverfly Lol
#fund raising for non profit #Upward Transitions Therapuetic Horsemanship (UTTH) for #autistic children and #Wounded Warriors.
RT : If you are reading this, follow
man F*ck finals!
Everyone knows it's flu season . . . don't forget it's always virus season!
I'm in tears <3.
will you notice me !!! :( it so nice meeting you again today :) made my weekend, love u!
yes sir
He is Risen!
someone just wrote "I had a sneaky suspicion about that." Oh.
I would take you back in a heartbeat! I text you all the time cause I'm still crazy about you! #IfOnlyYouKnew.😭💔
QoTD: "Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can't accept your imperfections, that's their fault." (Dr. David M. Burns)
correction, got a C or better haha
The day is anew and this is the first day of the rest of days! ACTION beats trouble every time! GO FOR IT!
Right guy, wrong time. Right time, wrong guy. New guy, old lines. Old guy, new lies.
: "May twelve angels guard you while you sleep. Maybe that's a waste of Angels, I don't know."
A majority of college students, I read somewhere, don't know how search engines work. It's more crucial than bibliog formatting these days.
right On!
ahahah(: No problem!
#808Pride dont ask me how u look girly cause u no ill just say
They are what we call "Ballin". I'd take another Superbowl over an un-beaten season. M.M
Thanks Romke! Stay tuned for an upcoming #Adworkers Happy Hour. RT :
I got 99 problems
Look Into My Eyes And Tell ME What You See..
Thanks for the RT. You're the best!
Heading to: Resident Scholars, or, Bolstering Your Teaching Core After the Rapture (Rm 250) with
Thank you to my fans!
Holy smokes! The Tweaked earbuds are totally worth it! Thanks again, ! 😃🎵
Does Ashlei Shannon live in your jewelry box/closet? If so, WE WANT TO SEE PICS of you rocking your pieces!!! tag, tweet, email us!!
Is that even a question? :)
q2) Translate content into activities
Nice work on A4..there will be more vids to come from the campaign.
Game of Thrones. Oh my god, Game of Thrones
Good for Paul Wulff. Wish that guy nothing but the best.
u always tryna bake on da low ....I'm 511
So very true. I love the first 9 days after birth. They sleep, the eat, they snuggle, they curl up. Except for reflux & colic
PLANS FOR FRIDAY???
No school for me today :)
Norm still has a massive man-crush
Time to study >:) I'm gonna be mean with the books today. Anyone up for a game of speed chess after? or football?
CAN I JUST SAY. That at least we lost to the team called "The THUNDER" instead of "The fat little NUGGETS". I'm ok w/ that.
Three days until the BEST.CONCERT.OF.THE.YEAR!!! Blessings will flow, anointing will come down! BE.THERE!!!!!
Where da bad bitches at? Where ya hidin?
"not insensitive to glory"
Soon, allow a very psychic person to tell you what your pet animals think about the most, and also about what they like and don't like.
Love calling people out on their bullshit
how long do you think they can keep the state school out once the state starts paying for that building?
first and last time i drank that haha
wow Facebook is being retarted
Inter scores an own goal! Schalke up 4-2!
yes. Yo, pick me up a double double with grilled onions and animal style fries welldone plzkthx
#FindSomeoneWho won't lie about absolutely stupid shit
is killing it
"Today I feel like doing what the tall, long haired asian-looking guy from The Black Eyed Peas does: Nothing."
Ugh, frustrating. I knew I was going to be out at a movie, so figured out how to pre-schedule mine on Twuffer.
Give it a rest already. Protect 2nd Ame~RT : Maine: Efforts Being Mounted to Have Park Carry Prohibition Reconsidered in Committee!
Do you really know if you could defend yourself in a violent confrontation?
aye..ya'll know what time it is.
Posting on Twitter that you were at a Strip Club Oct 12th - really? MKTG 101 - image is everything :) Working on genealogy?
I need a hug!! urgent ...
I can't read this.
for the follow
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Probably the only person excited about waking up
#np Home by Michael Buble... can't wait to go home for the first weekend since Xmas break
she is laying on my pillow so I will pet her
Because it ended yesterday.
now I just have an excuse to keep seeing it! I am already going twice in June!
Did this person look like they really should have realized what they were saying? If so, they probably did.
Wish I could travel back to 2005
i know this isnt impossible so ill try cuz theres 13 million beliebers and im just one. so can you please follow me?
tonight is the season finale of WHO WILL BLAIR CHOOSE!?!? WHEN WILL SHOW HIS FACE!?!?
i hope your talking about mahomies and not a girl... :c
The Hollywood claim to fame of the town I just left is that both MILK MONEY and HARPER VALLEY, PTA were shot there.
Thanks, Abbey. The Foundation is wonderful. I'm officially joining PRSA tomorrow, and will look for you Thursday.
I love that attitude Koz! How long will Lawson be out, if at all?
- Thanks , Very interesting
General Constructors is now up & running on TWITTER! We are a General Contractor & Project Management Company serving Abq. & surrounding!
Heat start with 4 turnovers in the first 5 min and 1 shot for Lebron and 1 shot for Wade.
You show 'em who's boss!
on God ... Every time all she said was They calling bout Tay go get em lol ...
Awesome day for a run.
Madonnas Truth or Dare
2nd undefeated WI team to go down in as many days. Tough loss for #mubb. Led 13-0 to start game. Ugh.
Sproles is just fun to watch play
Bourbon. The good stuff.
My hair is an absolute disaster.
I haven't heard much complaints. Those people clearly haven't been to a previous jamboree..
okay thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😒
Followed :) x
ohmyGod. Austin just got signed. AAHHHH! << If you want to hear that, then trend #GetAustinToTheTop10 come on(:
thank you!
"thank you for the job you guys did on the CD wallets! They turned out great and you gave me a quick turnaround." Harold Cory archcd.com
Not good for Illinois b-ball. Turned down by another mid-major coach. Wonder what would happen if they tapped Simeon coach?
It's not the situation. . . . It's your reaction to the situation.
thanks for the follow Kelsey! Hope you are doing well :)
okay stop mentioning me.
Lol I'm so bad!
Goodnight loves got a long day ahead of me tomorrow blessed dreams!
J got a little better. The afternoon has gone smooth. Hope ur day got better too.
If you haven't had THE SCHWARTZY brisket sandwich from , you haven't lived!
I have no good ones
AH CONGRATS GUYS!
Gotta like the Skins chances going up against a cold QB though
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
Going crazy overtime isn't letting me finish my hw so it better me worth it!
in need of a new name!!
#FF longtime followers
yes. yes you can. learn how to clip out already. and until you do, don't try to brace yourself on me! sheesh!
you see how u came at me none of my real friends would
I'm bored of the office.
Love to connect and talk about 5 Twenty Studios if you have time....
Where I once saw weeds, I now see chicken feed.
well the MkII was the best camera I ever owned up until my MkIII arrived. So far it's proven to be a worthy upgrade.
Don't try to be all things to all people. Find your niche and speak to it. Thrive in it!
From the future!
"C'mon Gilbert. Let's go to college."
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)11
oh my im deformed.
Just got to Ocean City for some fun and well deserved relaxation
I legitimately just set 8 alarms to force me to wake up tomorrow. 😔
#LIS768 was the best class I had really embodies what he teaches. We can meetup @ conferences, though!
"The Wire is a good show"-Something I should have said years ago
to much basketball and to little money!!!!
Wow comrade! That is straight out of the Soviet Union circa 1955... Who could that "life" possibly appeal to?
Let's play the blame game.
That's that new new ...
While I ride dat tongue. Jack dat dick!
following beautifull woman
Here we go again...warm up for the Cardinal & White. Need to be ready for the puck drop at 7:05
just did first run in 5 months. short, slow but fun. strange that i went to colorado for cycling and came home wanting to run.
guess it's no secret now. always knew you secretly wanted to be a hippie despite ur love for chocolate covered bacon
RAANngz baby..I got next on the pic..
FREE Playoff Pep Rally tonight at South Side Music Hall at Gilley's Dallas.
Life Beyond Earth.
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” Herman Cain
awe thanks :) and it's bout 80 today!
There is never enough Tina Cohen-Chang and on Glee. NEVER.
im a die hard RedLeg but the Braves are my number two
I'm starting to feel a little sorry for the sons of #Gaddafi. Can you imagine the family dinners?
hey follow bak:)
Yay! I love stretching my ears! ^_^ 7\16IN. :D can't wait to have my Day Of The Dead plugs for xmas!
Without music life would have no meaning.
I gotta say with the follow just for one-liners...oh and #redsox stuff too, if you're into that sort of thing
so sitin here butt ass naked and dude shows up at door i open he all sweaty and gose just wanted to say u got nice ass so random aint it
I was so stoked last night when I hit 10K tweets
RT : An overturned call gave Philadelphia possession on a fumble recovery, the Soul hold on, 61-55
bot time DAMN IT!!!
I don't think I every wanted to see this much of Don Draper's process.
Get her wet
can you take shots with simultaneously talking to me probably not
She sure doesn't like diaper changes
Dinh mentions Günter Grass as a model. "Of course he was in the SS, so that's not the best example."
Best epic moment of the day: texting my friends about ninjas. Haha freaking love it :D
Trying to get through traffic so we can and get to the Tin Caps game on time!!
The show must go on...Bryan Putnam continues to show us his multi-faceted talents by jumping into the title role due to illness
um not sure..I think we should just be careful if we ever go into a club/bar with them when they come back
Lucky! I still haven't found out where Ryan went who worked there. He was the best!
Mayyybeee I will be happy although this once... ;(( ♥ Xoxo ;**
I'm really hoping to hit the #Phish lottery! Spac and ac. 4th of July would be awesome. Fingers crossed.
We must have it!! Bring us the precious! MT : Not quite in DC but has a cheese cake shake...
Being the first person in school gets kinda boring! 8-O
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
Thank you kindly for the RT!
#InCoopWeTrust GO BOBCATS! Sweet Sixteen here we come
yeah, well try running with big boobs. NOT FUN. I run more than a mile 4 times a week minimum.
Laying In My Bed. . .
lol cause she would of been lien her ass off
no in Houston. I will be working in my #hometown for 2 wks & wanted to see how the club operates.
Best Lyricist of All-Time is _________? Retweet with your answer!
yeah its dope as fuckkkkk. Make like a series of similar pieces with interesting people
The good news: I found a $20 off coupon code for ordering flowers. The bad news: It was a $22 fee for same day delivery.
Ride your bike & don't mind what the other people say.
Watching the guy working on the top of the new One World Trade Center. I can't imagine being that high up and just climbing around like that
no prob homie. Have a good day!
because they're awesome!!!
2k12 best sports gm hands down
“: at least you have one good one! haha” omg. chris!
Someone fill me in on what happened at the show please!
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
I will! she says hello back;)
"It�s social media first, and everything else"
feeling the need to sleep
RIGHTEOUS CALL
...Well how my new body, it shines. Somehow your blood makes you blind to our divide- I am all yours."
why did i take nyquil before writing this paper?
Geo, thank you for creating the boys, without you I wouldn't have been who I am today. You guys have changed my life forever.
with* wow
lol columbus. Ill be intown like next week
thank god we never need to meet these people
Food provisions were immediately sent up the river to those still on the journey.
Sony DCR-SR88: Evecase Black Digital Camera Pouch Nylon Case ...
I guess it would depend on the point of split. Like is there a parallel you out there? There may be a parallel god too.
If a double dip recession is so bad, why did they make it sound so delicious?
How many slabs of ribs do you think the Babe would have eaten?
How long did it take you to make the bow!!?...It's amazing love it(:
How do you cultivate a social media community & not just gather an audience? ENGAGE!
Anyone up for some ultimate frisbee?
Pretty good up until these 3 long papers were due
Aren't critical analysis information texts, close reading, writing arguments, and using multimedia all in anybody's nat curr?
Bored as hell ..!!
She is a cutie.
have a sweet tooth? pop into your local #losangeles #orangecounty #costco and grab a bag of our newest flavor on the shelf, sweet potato!
they are called arborvitaes. Can easily pick them up at lowes for 35 a pop
what's up. music www.kingbabajames
Sending warm and fuzzy love to The shows are brilliant! Could get fired for LOLed!
tomorrow also and the 23rd. See ya round.
Thanks to everyone who donated over the weekend!! We raised over $500!
i just missed the old normal but oh well to the heck with that :)
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
outta drug money.... fuck
Hahaa!! Ahh, man...I would pay to see that...and the look on the person's face after you did it!!! :D
lol yeeuh i should probably go get packed and get off the computer........... haha..
Yawns* Good morning!
Oh "West Side Story" you get me every time! Times my be different but have things changed all that much?
Wish I was lifted right now
Congrats on the #sbj40 inclusion. Well deserved!
only 11 days left till TROMADANCE!!! Join Troma and James Gunn, Ti West, Tony Timpone and more at the 13th annual FREE film festival!
Competition provides spice in life as well as sports; it's only when the spice becomes the entire diet that the player gets sick.
The Brewers do an absolutely fantastic job with various promotions, giveaways, affordable tickets, season tickets options, etc
At #comfortdental waiting for #rancid #mychemicalromance #blink182 with so excited!!!!
This scanner wants to do EVERYTHING! :-) Refuse to choose!
thank you!
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
I knew who/why you mentioned! I used to love Dan Cortese and the Rock & Jock baseball & basketball games :)
hahaha. This made me laugh. I've rubbed off on her.
55 seconds left
paint fight in art!! now time for boringg ass german class!!
Anyone attending #libmade planning to participate in #30doc or having their library participate?
Thanks Kansas City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
The portland rain is back
I would like to thank MyDealBag Chicago for follow botting me. Cut that shit out.
check out 2night for the WOD awards after party! hit up fot more info! and get on the list! ASAP!
RT : Data visualization is HOT. And here comes Bieber. I'm not even kidding.
What a great show!
Load-in today and tech starts tomorrow for ONE TIME, a world premiere production by Chicago playwright Richard Lyons Conlon.
Paolo: GRAZIE to you!!!
Welcome to #Albuquerque ! Rest up, enjoy the hospitality and the awesome children & schools!
i have a spot. im looking for a roommate 1200 the cost deck 6. early dining
If it means I get to eat those adorable cupcake pops…I'm in!
just saw video of a friends son playing the piano. he has taking lessons for less than a year and has mastered the instrument. bravo!
YAY I know Leslie will take care of you! Just checked out the site. Love this awesomeness! Awesome job!
Do the back of the bus boys take requests?
school starts in an 1 hour and 30 min...i am nerves but exsited!!!!!!!!!
#fridayreads Carry the One by Carol Anshaw. Man, it seems great thus far--excited!
Being short>>>>Chillin in the trunk with
Aspire to Inspire before you Expire...
TGIF! Lots to do this weekend! Gym, BWAY show, hot tub with friends, study... #ALLGOOD! Back at ya'!
WE Furniture Deluxe Solid Wood Desk w/ Hutch – White ...
LOL Thank you.. That makes my day cus I hate my freckles. They are all over my body.
that can't be right, can it? 11 and change hits to the head per round, incredible!
You can take the reporter out of Massachusetts ...
Amen. RT : FACT: Pink spatulas can't actually screen for cancer. You know what can? Doctors at Planned Parenthood.
Hit me up if you've figured out how to run on adrenaline all the time.
It is Monday...7 more days until break!! REALLY need it.
Well I never seem to make ppl mad at me I can never do right all I do is make them ignore me
“Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” ~ Albert Einstein
Gorgeous Gals Have a great day! XOXO
thanks. Please don't.
Thanks, Keith! You're the best fanboy EVAR. /cc:
better not go home tonight on
All most done downloading my free movies thank you free Wifi lol
Yes it is! Only ghetto people fall asleep in class >.<
And the reviews are in from Cannes, Moonrise Kingdoms premier was a success. Not that I questioned it, glad my friends enjoyed it, jealous.
so excited to spend the six month marker looking for bridesmaid dresses with some of my faves!!
oh haven't been there before but they sound like they dnt have corner stores lol
I think the boyz just get more attractive everyday.....
Half-truths always have a constituency, those who profit from the half-lie. Whole truths, rather, cut where they will.
Gyllenhaal & Sarsgaard naming their baby Gloria Ray makes me dumbly happy b/c 1) that's my grandma's first name! & 2) the combo's so lovely
thanks, luckily I was the only one home. So no one was hurt and nothing was taken at least.
Philly visiting a friend!
You already have an african-american personality, sheneanea! I agree. Complete with mobile wardrobes for each.
Miss my bff
can't wait to go to fiji
Your cute :)
So sleepy 💤
likewise! Anything with truffle goes straight to my heart.
BEST. PRESENTATION. EVER. (Well, this week.) #SocialMedia #LMA12 Well done!
"TELL DESSINY TO WATCH HER MAN DOE."
Finished. All. Wrapping. Yea!!!
Is this the WNBA or heat v. Celtics?
Thank you for the great interview. Ive been a fan since day 1 and will be until the end.
Wow! I just that aint u!
Arena Football League gave its commish a 5-yr contract. That's the same rationale as Anthony Davis registering for sophomore classes at UK
I miss Jerry
Gingrich proves tonight his SC debate rhetoric was designed only for crowd reaction. No media/food stamp bashing tonight.
Everybody just sending me messages out of nowhere ..
rock band
the reader is awesome. That always helps :)
Got some aloe vera juice on sale at Ralph's...anyone else tried it?
Government Hooker was like the second song! =[
I was right! Woohoo! Avatar as in The Last Airbender! Am I a Fan-gorra or what?!!
“: Holy fraggle rock I did it. 20 minutes jogging without stopping. I'm gonna go cry now. #c25k” kudos. What does c25k mean?
Hi Jorge! One day I want that hug in person!
I know I say this every single time but you know that every time you go back wiht him you will just get hurt more and more.
Will you do the moonwalk for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Online Kamasutra book, all people who like SEX with their partners goes here @@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Thanks for the tip! We'll contact him bc we are looking for someone to DJ here Tuesday nights. Its $2 any drink night!
55-year-old Portland mother, who sports dreads and a facial tattoo, disowned her son after he registered as a republican.
Pull the stick outta your ass, twat.
Celebrity Cruises Alaska Savings Event - Book select Millennium cruisetours by 10/31 for up to $200 ship board credit! 800-803-7245!
On the course again with #twitterless J. Blanton!
OK, here I am...officially following !! So, who wins a copy of the CD?!
who will Aoki have to contact to get a racing sushi to replace chorizo for the time being?
Who's ready for some football?? GO HOGS GO!
welcome home!!
White men everywhere hope for the negative RT I guess Mizzou v. Baylor raises a good question: DOES SIZE REALLY MATTER?
But before you tell me I'm not helping, I vote for Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance
I love beeing single , lmao .. now i can make some trouble bahah
Oh man! Sharp pain in my ankle. That's bad, right?
Maybe the flat prevented you from being in a horrific accident.
#Boehner clapped on Israel
Up to early for an inset day-.-
burgers and cupcakes with Army of 7!!!
today my teacher said #SaySomethin over 10 times while explaining the new unit. SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
yeah priceless I got another comedian for you that's Filipino
Nice! Enjoy your new job. Hope to have you here for lunch often!
Raiders remake was a BLAST, a loving recreation that mixed filmmaking ingenuity w fanboy passion.
BITCH FREEZE
A moral compass is just a clock that isn't drunk enough.
Definitely Twitter. I am seeing tweets come up in tweetdeck now that I switched to the computer.
but triple h is the one mad at him. Stephanie is very high on him
Happy Saturday. I'm at the salon getting ready for my day.
So fresh and so clean
Twix or Snicker
Ain't gonna be kind if you cant be kind to me
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE WEAR, SEXY SHOES AND MORE!!!
This bitch need to get off my twitter!!!
and let the mother's day festivities begin!
I work at Bosley on Brady and Roots!
Follow Me Please!? 40
This looks interesting, Jeff. We will certainly give it a serious look. Hope you are well.
Thanks - Alyssa says I don't need any more shirts right now!!!!
Happy Anniversary!
Judge says Occupy Madison hasn't established right to specific location where it is currently encamped on East Washington Avenue.
it's called hubba hubba I think. It's free!
hectic means busy and busy is good! Hope you were able to have some down time this past wkd as well :)
bull crap, girls love corny,because it shows your trying. although they don't like insecurity,and can sense it a mile away.
Don't you be holdn back your love..
*shivers, rubs my arms* he's not quite the cat i met in my dreams. ..
big day today...start off like a workin man
May the fourth be with you.
Heading west to Ohio for a reunion this weekend at the Columbus College of Art and Design. ;)
can sure play some drums
Google Earth today in science omg
I absolutely love making people smile. :)
Karma....you need to stop procrastinating, and pay a visit to that certain someone. It's due time.
That moment you realize you've been doing it wrong this whole time.
#actors you are an original we love authentic
Blacking out is on my agenda tonight
a day of design on the pack porch, keep it up June weather! DO SOMETHING (TODAY)
Stopped w Teddy--no shoes no shirt and he still gets service
Bitch Please. You have no clue what your talking about.
just by the name alone, i'm glad i've never heard any crunk-core.
#MM Keeping Metal Alive in #Nashville >>
Softball Was awesome Great Comeback Girls!!! ♥ 19-18
I hate the tea party
3 Easy Ways To Get Back On Track via
ya, its rough. its a whole different world down there. you dont even here about it on the news its so everyday.
If #SidneyCrosby and Malkin want to go, let 'em go, ref. #ClaudeGiroux is the face of the #NHL now
yeah man its the hang
Tim Jones VP of Netspeed Learning is introducing Cindy Clay
Rewarding my body today with a healthy breakfast and yoga. You only get one body. What are you doing today to take care of it?
Lighting Design forms the backbone of any interior design as it plays a major role in creating the perfect kind of ambiance!
The people who truly love you are not only the ones that build you up, but they are the ones that break you down to your skeletons.
Thx for the updated flyer. Will spread!
Been awake for 21 hours. At least I'm about to enjoy 5 hours of sober sleep!
Working 7 hours at the Gregory Heights branch library. Been here 25 minutes and had one question about getting a library card. Slow.
It's so sunny out, But it's super cold.
THAT is one of the greatest problems in education. Teachers should not feel threatened by mommy/daddy administrators
always puts things concisely. I love the guy. VP choice for would be awesome!
thanks for the retweets!
The preliminary competition, to be held on July 27th, and the final on July 28th, will be streamed live through UStream’s channel.
Every1says they do fashion interested 2 c who's going 2 b fusion 0n 8/5 it's invite only & will b aired on bravo If u r not there hey?
Well said, Mitch. Glad you are not neglecting DH has some work to do too, on being a good example for our kids.
The Becker?
Gary Ross, Catching Fire.
My favorite childhood book..."Where's Walden?"
I'm picking Nyla up and this random lady comes to my window and says hi to me. Her face scared the shit out of me.
Making GIFS with Ariel!
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
Ray Rice not himself.
I just can't stop listening to Steel Magnolia by Steel Magnolia!
Few things are as maddening in sports than to watch your closer blow a save. Esp when everyone seems to just let it happen.
o ok that's wassup I'm watching tv
Hey, thanks - that means a lot. I look forward to your blogs as well. We are lucky for the inexhaustible supply of fodder!
12 more days till disney c;
surprised to see my old accounting bro today
Oh good, Now featured as the #earworm in my head: "Cecelia".
Where in Richmond can I find medium size (32 oz) Hubs Salted Peanuts for sale?
My daughter is the best. Thank you for having dinner with me and the #Merlot, #todiefor Hugs and Kisses, Momma Dukes !
Ohio shot 51/38/88 on michigan when they were supposed to shoot 43/33/69. So there's that
Just hit the big 3-2 and they said the I wouldn't see 16. How you like those apples?! God is so good!
"On Pole Day at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway what speeds should the IndyCars be going to satisfy you as a fan or not?" Answer the poll!
Oh my god I keep watching pot of gold over and over just to hear you sing I love you so much!!
I am becoming obsessed w/ the #client list!!!!
I get Carson...Leinert makes me ill. RT
To be, or not to be? To act and to act. Now that is the answer!
we're not friends.
R.I.P. WHITNEY "NIPPY" HOUSTON YOU WILL BE TRULY MISSED.
Future of the Academy: Peer-2-Peer Review and Data as Public Domain to create enriched mash-up culture
No cuz ur not following(ahem : )
it looks like a nice place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there.
Rehearsal for upcoming movie. Exhausting...Having a few drinks @ Stir NYC. Great selection of drinks.
"special" sexy funny
look at the source "aa_osborn" careful folks, he is an unreliable source
The West Indian American Day Carnival in front of my apartment tomorrow is supposed to be insane; drinking Red Stripe in preparation.
nope not at all :)
What's your favorite kind of lighting? Table lamps, sconces, recessed lighting, chandeliers, faux sky lights? to tell us!
cool bro
So far, so good! How are you?
I loved having Will Ferrell back on #SNL tonight!
Awesome!! My mom bought me a new tv!!
Sure, but it still seems as if Doc plays 2 PF's. RT Except now he's a center, no?
I just steamed rice. Now the whole house smells like I just steamed rice.
what up doe!!
what is it you were telling me to tweet for you?
Stranded on 395 but helped by good samaritans
Yeah!! Am disappearing, not on-net o! Coz i can see dat they'll tear me off if i don't...
I'm out at the very end of concourse C. All I see are fields, tarmac and lighting. No birds at all.
Some say: identity politics is a form of ignorant, intolerant bigotry, that the left empowers and encourages. ,)
We never have success with PAC 10 defensive guys Briggs is the exception but damn one out of 35 picks in what seems like 10 seasons!
grocery shopping with the madre(:
Please follow
#engaged concurrent sessions: (a) small business dev with Karen Mills ; (b) R&D/TechTransfer in New England
I would love to be friends with He just seems like a fun dude.
Happy day! Free haircut here I come!
that was hilarious.
I'm enjoying your blog, thanks Scott
follow her >>>
Check your DM got a question for you.
Prom week is in two week
covered in magnetic paint. next up, primer and then whiteboard paint.
"Don't judge me on what people have told you. Get to know me first."
RT : Byron thinking through 'Pleasure beyond 'sex acts': intimacy, closeness, bonds, friendship, social networks
You always make feel so special. :D <3
r u already following me?:o
Hey Folks. Tonight's show is going to be great. 8pm and $8. Thats a steal!
Apparently my iPhone doesn't know "kolache" is a word.. -.-
so sick of this bullshit job I'm working
RT check out the new website & support your local businesses! #franklintn #nashville www.tnbuylocal.com
DUDE WHERE R THEY GONNA PERFORM AT....?
don't deserve them but yet they're living and you were taken from us. I don't get it. There's never a moment I don't think about you, but...
Didn't get drunk. Win or loss depending on your point of view. Didn't lose at beer pong though :)
Welcome back and and your new team #PublicHealthPartyPeoplePlus1! See you on Mondays at !
Suddenly, I have a hankering to watch my "Office Space" DVD.
spider hanging over my stove, you deserve what you got.
haha that would be what its from!
G O O D N I G H T . Twitter #BedBugsBitinq ! ♥
Fiancés, merely dating, close friends. Adverse actions against these people can lead to third party retaliation claims.
Enjoying a Friday night on #twitter is that sick?
how was your movie Friday?
Shopping in Chardon? Stop by for a brew! Tom Katlees tonight!
Can I get feed back from men I would like to why men cheat when they have good relationships at home? Can anyone give me an honest answer...
#TGIF Twitterville! It felt like it'd never come! Let's hear it from the #NFL fans: what game are you most looking forward to on Sunday?
Happy Valentines Day everybody, and Happy 1st Day Ever on the Radio Day for me! Thanks Tom Pappas!
At #seasms ready to hear no snow, great crowd.
NOW ANNOUNCING... Neil Young performing live at the Hippodrome, April 27 & 28 at 8pm, tickets go on sale to the public March 11th at 10am
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the girls who's name was the first thing a thought of
My sister just made herself cry
Welcoming the final four to Houston!!! Make sure to check out my website and schedule a little extra fun
Q: where do you find all the Brits in Dulles Airport? A: In a pub called Harry's
you usually email : talk to grad students, IMO
“: Kinda sad when icons of ur youth pass on & u ain't even old..... #RIP #MCA #beastieboys” -- tragic indeed RIP :(
I Love Twitter WAYMOREE Than Facebook /
Ahh why do you do this to me baseball... 👎
“: ugh 6 days & I'll be back at school ...WOW .” damn I go back the 25th lol
In English please?
check out this arsenal: mucinex, anti-cough pearls that target the "cough" part of my brain, spicy indian food, mint tea, and nasal spray
Throwing discus in the rain<<<< But my coach says I could make varsity soon
The rhythms from the jazz jam session at Elephant Room is soothing my soul right now.
With younger executives in jeans and t-shirts, students might think a casual tone is all that's needed
My wife thinks Ed Reed has 'pretty legs'
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair.
Baby ringtone lastnight scared the fuck outta me while I was sleep
Listening too damn hard.
The Descendants. Too depressing. Carry on.
She won't even see it coming !
When your body convulses so much from the hitachi, that it changes the tone of the sound coming from said vibe.
Cool pics! I can hear Bukowski bitching now haha
Looks like I'm turning in early tonight... 😲
I can never safely talk around you again. You tweet everything I say.
Jumbudup the hell is that
Great...just realized listed my email wrong on big book order. Should have taken that half day I was supposed to take today.
nice! Please say hey to home for me. Do you live there in the off season too?
Well then let's meet and do something beautiful. Hehe :)
hey :) how has ur day been? <3
Taking nyquil and passing out
Work today... i'm really tired and don't feel like going... if by work i meant acting or singing i would not mind goin at all... :)
Reading #ThePerksofbeingaWallflower. Brilliant brilliant book. Please do yourself a favor and read it.
I couldn't care less about cards, but my MIL gets them for every opportunity and gets upset if we don't get her one with our gift.
TBud-smacking bouquet of wood smoke & pork filling the air- Our Bill L. has 85lbs of butts on the smoker NOW for 2events next week!
My first name would go well with your last name ♥
that picture is awesome
TOM!!!!!!!! COME BACK SOON! ON POINT IS NO ON POINT WITHOUT YOU!!!!
I really hope was watching the first 30 seconds of Colbert tonight.
#ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex Update your facebook status..
Good Luck Charlie is honestly such a good show
of my got that dress cuz i wanted to be burnin up (i actually thought oof the song buying it) you never know. It might guve me extra
have you heard any reviews of See Rock City at Clague Playhouse? Or the Fantastics?
Good Morning. All praises due to God for this glorious morning...
The bass in these beats are incredible
Time go faster. Please.
Thanks for that list by the way. I was wondering when one would pop up.
I like to keep a lot of receipts in my wallet, it gives the illusion of money
thanks for retweet. I really only just "discovered" that bridge only to find out it'll be demolished soon. Such a beaut!
Stop staying up late RT : I am soo tired
Aiight I'm done working for the night. Need to network tho
hey beautiful how r you tonite?
#BeastieBoysEffenRock - so good to see you out there. Surviving. Representing all of us. Being human - what you do.
Nothing like a good DVD Christmas Day a$$ kickin' to keep healthy!
"Your latest setback will make it possible for U to achieve your greatest comeback." ~ Solomon 2nd Edition
AT&T U-Verse Commercial Audition, Denver Nuggets Commercial Audition, and then Nike Commercial Audition!!!
"Produced By Conference" hosted by Walt Disney Studios and ABC Entertainment Group. Should be a good 4 day run.
oh sweet. I'll be there next weekend in Houston! Let's hang!
I smoke all day everyday its not helping this time
Feels like for ever that I have been in this car. Shat!!!!
Just discovered your iOS app. The "Artwork Puzzle Game" might be a new addiction
Patriots/Broncos...boring.
Show is sold out!
"I would SO date a guy with a helicopter! Hello! Wknd shopping trips to San Francisco!?" about Kalon on The Bachelorette -
That awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem.
So glad I don't have to take this Spanish final!
What's the funniest thing you've heard somebody say in their sleep??
my prediction for most epic fail in 2012? the mayans.
LOL THANKS RT You can tell a lot about a person by the type of smiley faces they use :)
#2012c19 or Virginia Jackson on "the Portent" in PMLA?
Do you or anyone you know is looking for additional income? Call at 4:00PM EST 218 548 0886 Code: 417091#
Super shout out to my new followers. I wish it was a button i could load u all to!!!
ON *Like Ah Boss*
I'm getting real hungry now, but I'm watching the Spurs game again! RT : And menudo = the breakfast of champions!
Hungry but don't want to Get up -__-
it's cool just tweet when ur done with exams if your still interested :)
You better call, why didn't you call yesterday?
I'd really appreciate it, man. Thanks!
It feels like summer! I can't wait!! This summer is gonna be CRAZY💙👊👌
$76.23 to fill the tank of a Honda Accord! F U oil speculation!
cause you'll be jealous that my gpa is higher than yours..
Had my 2 rum & cokes and going to bed, got to get up in 5 hours for work. am ready for another week.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
great practice tonight
Getting finished with website & store, just some last min touches. Quick shout out to for all her graphic help
Claude Fischer is really killing it in the 'taking apart moral panic BS' dept this month. First Ionely Facebookers, today culture of poverty
Who's going to Huntington Park tonight to catch #openingday for the ?! Tonight, 7:05p.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 47
RT : DLR to a kid in the crowd "What are you smiling at? I just might be your dad. This ain't my first time in this town."
I love you thank you!!!!! :D
Any fans out in Overton? We're playing a small show this Sunday night at New Hope Church. Doors open @ 4. Hope to see you there!
It's the first day of my last semester at
I'll show you all the over-air conditioned spots
I miss those big Stewie dolls that were there last season.
Aaron and I are going away for a week in a few months to kick it in mexico far far away from stress and business! Thank jeebus!
"I recently purchased a used truck from Wilde Toyota, and I was very happy with them. My sales associate, Marco Laguna, was great to work...
I remember u said u were coming around 6/10. what are the dates. Both kids bdays then (6/10, 6/19), so planning poss trips
Hyman Rickover~ It is necessary for us to learn from others mistakes. You will not live long enough to make them all yourself.
Clear eyes, creative minds, can't lose. Thanks for brilliant play at #ikids #app challenge
At last the week has come to a close, and I'm so happy to be staying in tonight!
Blasting tiesto is the only thing that's gonna get me thru this long day
This began with that one simple text message. And then the kiss.
take the breathing time!
hey I love you :)
I have too many social networking sites.
i want to be the next president... Lawd the white house will never be the same
When i wonder off...
Literary Criticism Professor loves #tvtropes . This day keeps getting better!
The flu can help jump start your diet. it's going around, so catch while you can.
Two more hours to pop on by for a $5 #Greek #Cheeseburger! Special is on until 4pm!
So cool the #1940census asked where they were living April 1, 1935!
can I have all three in one? :)
Lena, change your Twitter password. I just received a spam DM from your account. Others probably have, too. :)
Wait, Osama's body wasn't buried at sea shortly after his death? The government lied to us... I'm shocked. Wonder if he's really even dead.
I think I might burn my holiday shirts in celebration of not having to wear them anymore !
(GOP Debate is on CNN, that's channel 28 for all you Terps trying to watch!)
I LUV MINDLESS BEHAVIOR! RT IF U DO TOO! :) <3
What does my computer and the US government have in common? They always want to shut down on you.
The Miss India competition is going on at our hotel!!! Invite only... and I just scored 4 tickets!!!
yeah wednesday. your pitchers pitch against you guys & ours against us. gay i wanna pitch against you & my bestfriend!!!
fantastic. I'll be submitting tomorrow. Thank you.
BTW I'm reading it for your challenge / Book with psychopath protagonist.
Just going mad!
Back home. Ready for some
your insanely fawkin adorable
bet it was some nigga who makes that every 6 months anyway
WE ARE MARSHALL is apparently more terrible than I remember.
Um, so so far I have nothing to complain about...website fail?
#Woodberryfire Fireman still hosing bldg. Roads (incldg JFX s-bound) still closed. Access to Clipper Mill ok from west.
I'm gonna cry. Don't do it.
We all have one favorite burner on the oven that we use more often than the others.
Lost On LeMans is playing on Broadway outside The Loft! Be there!
Mornin twitter I'm up on da early side
omg did u bite him lol ?? xx
Congrats 2 'em u will love the things we are workin on!RT : what's the ring scoop
Someone tell Miguel to buy P90X
#Ignite ROI-get the client to understand the emotional value of their brand
omg! Hilarious!! U are so funny!! Thanks boo for the birthday wishes!!
UH Cougars comeback with 28 unanswered points to beat LA Tech! Great win guys!
many thanks for the kind words!
i thought the same!! xD
So we've made it to Wednesday but how's weather going to disrupt our day? Julie Broughton is saying, watch out! Tune in
Haha! I may just have to take you up on that!
Hey, thanks! How are you?
A. Dead Car Battery. 24 hr service. you make my life better.
Mobil Information Literacy session
after that shot on 15, I could be 100% wrong!
Life is measured not by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away.
Still plenty of appointments for Monday and Tuesday! on monday and on Tuesday!
It depends on if/how they replace those characters. I'm giving Single ladies a 2nd chance b/c I like Denise Vasi.
in 2012 its more like iphone or android, neither blackberry nor #Microsoft matter at this point
I think it goes without saying I'll be dressed appropriately for the occasion of these pancakes; sweatpants, probably shirt.
daily practice to change mental patterns. just like in the physical world.
I didn't meet Matt. :( He wasn't at the meet and greet. :(
HEY, YOU SUCK!
is one of the best guys and musicians I have ever had the honor to work with. Keep it up E!
ZING! hahaha RT : Sorry to hear about your air conditioning situation RT : Matt Jones can suck my sweaty b***s
Thanks for following! Deborah
I have no invite and Im 100% blamming it on fact im a
sweet prof bro
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether .. Me and .
whats up with chucky saying your going bald bro?
“: Today's the last day to vote for Kopitar for the #NHL13Cover -- do you really want to see on the cover?" yes, yes I do
it's in cannon...
haha how is that cute(:
thanks so much!
thanks. Whenever you're in ATL or DC contact me.
Good morning loves ;D
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy. The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy!
I hate all these pictures of slouchy sad brides. Why would I want to buy a dress that makes me look like dying? Maybe all those sequins.
Sitting around with a bum right hand, killing time.
Me either!!
Sometimes I feel like I have no friends:(
love it!! it's second season has been on PBS the last two weekends. the lead is fantastic.
I have real life ones, Ive been going out to watch the games, they are all jokes. Me and 1 chick made peace shes cool tho
The best DJ is , GOO FOLLOW HIM :), wish i had his job #IWantBTRAutograph hoping to win an Autograph
The UN Chief is warning governments against using the economic crisis as an excuse to cut funding for fighting AIDS.
Thanks to everyone in #Vegas who is shopping local for the holidays!
#Breaking Ted Thompson GB Packers "OK FANS I HAVE CALLED IN JUSTIN HARRELL"FA.
Tours of the Library today as well as 4 great workshops and the baseball game tonight
S/O to my best friends
hahah awesome! Thank YOU for listening!
Love The Band Perry. Please make sure your next single has an intro.
Update your application loader to 2.5.x if you start getting application launch icon has size (0x0) error during Xcode build
and a wild pitch scores Gomez from third just as Alex Gonzalez was bailing Timmy out by swinging at anything, 1-0 Milwaukee
I got mad love for you doll
Need a new plan in life.
no thanks I already have some.
A champion is someone who gets up, even when he can't
lmao do I ever?
this is probably going to be the longest ten minutes of my life..
Peace love and music. What more could you ask for.
Winners convince the other guy he's making all the right moves...and neither side is doing this in the lockout
Above all things, reverence yourself.
lmfao Ohh damn, I challenge u ;p
Happy Birthday to my amazing Husband Mike Jaciuk!! You don't look a day over 30 and a 1/2!! <3
I gotta spoil myself
smh, looked like i failed to kill myself lol. i still have yet to get her a new collar. think im get a camo pink one soon
Stocked up on CFL bulbs. Three for$0.97 at Home Depot.
wow. just wow.
Love #historicalfiction? Pls check out & RT our new trailer for #debut SLANT OF LIGHT by
wow thanks-- add that to my list!
its gone to be warm here in Dallas tomorrow highest 60f...yess!!
don't feel bad but happy to give it to him #therewardsofgiving try it!
Congratulations to the graduates, Much love and success to you always!
que "Ashes to Ashes"
It gives you the option to add video and add/delete professional additions/applications as you need which I appreciate.
Opening Day for baseball, NCAA championship, 2 hours of 24 all on one day? The TV Gods are cruel.
I overslept. I have to study pa. :| I'm still so sleepy
Hope you see my blog and follow me!
Guitar does play an integral part in book 2. If I'm not retiring, then I'm preparing myself.
Michelle, that's just cruel - I have two girls & I'm glad there are opportunities for them!
Why didn't Fredi Gonzalez get thrown out of games in September to ignite his team? That is what good managers always do during a bad slump.
It's a shame about ray and eating lemonheads
not looking good huh!?!
Israel Keyes lived at 2456 Spurr Lane, Turnagain home police were investigating on Tuesday night
yes can't wait! :)
thx holmz, great to hang w you - learning a lot and having some fun
Mary Bo Peep in metalshop today AHAHA
Season Two of Disney Channel&#39;s Hit Series &quot;A.N.T. Farm&quot; Premieres With Back-to-Back Episodes, Friday, June 1
i been blessed...bought a new truck....premium gas sucks lol.....high azz hell. Didnt kno it uses premium til after
what?? Is that even a possibility??
From a colt to a bronco lets see if he can bring a championship to da mile high city
propublica is looking for an education reporter
alright punch out you're done for the day leave me alone
sorry for delayed thanks for the retweet I appreciate it!
Oh my goodness! What happened?? :(
“: I hate when people say YOLO after everything. "I just ate some pancakes! YOLO." ...Stfu!!!”---
Send in your questions for tonights show now!!
Sure wish I could ride the rails to Milwaukee. rt Gliding to Chicago on the Amtrak Hiawatha Line. Best way to travel.
"Guess What" TV Ad
Without looking for people to point fingers at, there's no risk in finishing programs that work, but they have to stop anyway.
Wow, that's pretty awful. Price at iPhone launch, when you could see they were doing well: $120.56. Today: $610.
Shaun White is so fucking awesome dude .
Omg I swear pink oil moisturizer works miracles my hair hasn't felt like this in a while :-)
Lance-LoBiondo-Frelinghuysen also applaud call to pass payroll tax cut without delay
Oh wonderful. Bring RB :)
Can't wait! RT : Looking FWD to seeing you Fred!! RT : In Montreal first part of next week at
" Yeah, that asshole owes me money. Never trust a super-hero. [HA! no pockets on them tights!]
NO WAY! Keep him out of here! Please!!!
a win is a win!
I agree that SKOS and tools are in place and growing in application, but will take time to be ubiquitous
Heading to the 8th grade dance!! I hope its a blast!!
i bet lol do u still have those welks (i totally spelled tht wrong!) on your legs from corey hitting u this morning lol
just tried your link to ReadNow; looks like it has been pulled from the app store; bummer
Who's windows r U buying? 70% of companies sell 80% white windows. LEGACY 65% of r windows are nonwhite. Get the Perfect Window-Dont Settle!
glad to hear it:)
Thanks for the
Suicidal Thoughts has been my song since 8th grade.
its OK. How are you?
Dont cry on some #PunkShit , man yo happy ass up & get to it. If you Finna #RunThaTown, hop yo happy ass on board & #Let'sRoll
how long will the bath take. I've got to get to work pretty soon.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 7
First attempt at homemade protein bars did not go well.
your right. Your getting boring. Let me know If have something to talk about.
acquired #iContact? Figures.
need a cuddle buddy for these thunderstorms!
For you, it's a done deal LOL TEXT ROCKS!!!!! LOL
Thankful for the leadership that has given to Rivers Crossing... Excited to see what God has in store for Village CC!
home at last^^ wad a fun boring cool day. Lol
Just walked into and and the homie is killing it as always - #LostAngelesTuesdays -
I definitely would! Thanks for the tip
aww nice.. how did u do that effect ? (:
Dear Charles Barkley: Welcome to Irony Town. Population: You. Don't rip on my city, big guy.
BUY 3, Get 1 FREE! February 13, 2011 - March 31, 2012 - Good towards Pet Spa/Wash, Daycare, Boarding and/or Private Training Sessions!
You flirt and then you diss her. You ignore and then you say you miss her. You kiss and then you ditch her. Do you even want to be with her?
Good morning #sschat! Any favorite Nixon resources?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I love you too!
love Todd, but right now my focus is Detroit! :)
more like "hey can you pass this cat to the lady in front of you"
thanks love! Can't wait to rehearse tomorrow!
4 days to go for the Drawing, We are Giving Away #FREE Rug on June 30th. Don't forget to click like and share the words
My dog Alex (named after you) finally got a little boner while humping his stuffed dog. He's now living up to his name!
"I'm picking up good vibrations" -The Beach Boys
Finally signs of life in the golf game today. 4 birdies out of the chute, 2 more later. Golf gods spanked me too but overall a good day.
On the verge of puking my brain out, I WANT THIS SO BAD! Get em BLUE!
Happy Saturday, guys :)
Getting ready to check out Flurrious at Delaware Park (with Sarah)
Good point. Then again, my city doesn't have snow on the ground from October-May ;)
Spinning in circles tonight, come join. Also, I'm spinning the myoooosic. Dizzytastic!
I'm there. There's gonna so much molestation in our church!!!
#thisisengland88 holy fuck this is so good to see all my old mates again. episodes 3, 3 minutes in
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), you can use our ShoeBox app to scan and share old paper photos. Super easy!
lol....you don't want to see Devon!
In all seriousness peyton tweeted that picture. I wasnt in the room
Keep an eye on our updates in the next few days for the answer!
If God had granted all the silly prayers I've made in my life, where should I be now?
I'm going to be up in like six hours, I should prob go to sleep now..
Why are you awake lol?!
interesting.! sounds like a great storyline
Anyone out there know any NEBU engineers in the Northeast? Send them my way!
drunk sister: bad boys bad boys! who you gonna call?
what inspires you the most?
Thanks to everyone who checked out the show on WEdnesday. Much respect. Keep tuned for more happenings. God Bless
Thank you for the shoutout, Jennifer!
I'm gonna be in overtime.. gonna post some new bangers! Maybe even an rnb beat!
Gods gift <3333 (;
; we close @ 8pm tonite! Come by and see us!
here we go!
#Glee Live Tour in #lasvegas was fabulous!!!
IN THE BAY, HEADING TO LA!!!
happy b'day man!
Good afternoon guys! Whats up? I'm talking with my friends and drinking a Pepsi Lemon. This is a SUPER addictive!
S/O to my new followers and thanks guys!
