Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area. New office location in Campbell, CA. Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!
Askinq God To Relieve Me From My Struqqles &'nd Problems &'nd Make Me An Even Better Woman!
The arena is going crazy !!!
2D previews do no justice for a good 3D movie. Hm. If only there was a solution.
We will have to get together when you're back so that you can tell me all about it.
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 4...SEAHAWKS/COLTS #TAKETHEOVER (44)...COLTS @ HOME VS. HAWKS, SHOULD BE GOOD FOR 37+ ALONE...
i dont know i ur the real austin so quiz time. Wat prank didbu play on robert?
Girls know the lotion on your nightstand is not for your hands. They are choosing to overlook this.
Cool! Will go look now.
wow i really cant stand haters.. lol too funny i never hate on anyone i always give them their props lifes to short to hate on someone!
Well don't keep us in suspense too long...lol.
you need to learn to have trust
Are you ready for a crazy night!? BIOTCHES ;0...oh yea I did an open mouth smiley face....
The lovely is taking #hugtour to Hawaii today, and is hugging in New Orleans next week. Can't wait for photos!
RT #Deep RT : Is one supposed 2 add Sriracha 2 food or food to Sriracha? 1 of life's great mysteries // :)
If you want to be on the guest list for 's Lingerie Show tomorrow morning at , email us:
Twin Cities Happy Hour Deals features ONLY restaurant, bar & entertainment deals (bowling, movies, theater...) No spa, auto, eyeglass etc...
Hey I followed you back love
off to bed.. can't wait for my 5 pairs to arrive! such a neat concept, I will have to spread the word.
lol yes they probly are. Then they always tell me "to calm my tits" how do i do that do i put ice on them lol xD
I want your phyco your vertical stick xD love that part
We are fast approaching #CES2012. If you would like to book your appointment, please contact your Account Manager. Or, send us a
Wow, how sad. Nobody like Joe Cowley here more so...he's a sexist pig.
Supplies? You better walk home.
so i spent all day on the river and ended it watching the #saints game the best way to spend my birthday...
It's way to hot outside
That's the important distinction that gets lost sometime.
I'M STRESS EATING CEREAL.
LIVE MUSIC FROM IRELAND
so I bought the new album glad I did its epically amazing and Yah good job guys :) .
My should hurts so bad :(
I saw The Select on Saturday. Staging and sound effects were exquisite, acting was stellar. Hope you enjoy it!
It's President's Day!! Maybe this question is a little heavy but.. who are you gonna vote for this November?
oo thanks! I'm on a lull. Do you have time right now to get coffee?
appreciate it ma!
Good morning. All well with everyone?
Im just an option to you . The other ones making me a priority . dont complain at what you couldve changed.
BREAKING NEWS** WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME, long standing family owned n Columbia, Tennessee burning! Major alarm..Heavy damage already reported.
Tweeting for the first time!
Bruins the early aggressor leads to an early goal 1-0
Our Music Madness sale starts one week from today! We're offering 5-20% off, financing, and new specials too. Don't miss it!
Just watched Breaking Dawn and it was amazing ❤
. is correct I don't recommend hybrid bikes. sounds like you are looking for true commuter weight is important.
it's should work big sis. Works for me makes the best
ok and im not drunk foo
It's almost like every club in america is pretending like the Macarena doesn't even exist anymore. So sad.
#CST is one of the best and lowest cost communication aids to be found anywhere in the world today
an interview for what outlet?
the horror...
omg. (: seeing you guys on abdc..
Really excited for Symbiosis Gathering! Playing with some great bands in a beautiful setting.
Oh okay sure let me just get hit by this bus quick because you don't want to move the stroller! Like ... I'll kill your baby.
I Love Cops...lol..not
The Power of Now...
"Dear Hiring Manager" is the norm. I get that maybe you're mass-applying. Just don't send me a "cover letter" in that case.
Loved working with our extern last week. Great program, !
RT I wonder do approve of my new avi! Lol <---- NO! TRY AGAIN! Haha Naw....I actually love it.
“: We're in a pyramid scheme with our planet. It's not sustainable. Eventually it will fail. - Tom Fisher #TEDxUMN” totally!
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. – Abraham Lincoln
Hey everyone. We are making some adjustments to our phones and they will be down for about 10-15 minutes. I will update when we are back up.
no problem
in sunny Orlando for the rest of the week. Except it's not sunny right now (it's pouring down rain). Hope it clears before arrives!
you are so cool ;love the music :)
The and headline this summer! Snag your 3-Day passes this hr with
#Kuechly #panthers nice pick hes a monster
Happy Zombie Jesus Day! Unlike regular zombies, Jesus did not rise again for your brains, but rather, your soul.
Have you tried the POZOLE yet?!? Get in here already!
I'm not at Cheesecake Factory anymore, btw. I'm now in the LBCC gym. Which makes more sense.
thanks for the follow!!
RT : Are your workouts not enough lately? Have you hit a plateau? Try our awesome deal from Wired Fitness today for......
#Survivor was fantastic. The right person won. Kim played a hell of a game
RT : Congratulations no matter what place! RT : Reid was just on Show on the Scripps Spelling Bee
LOL exactly. The Caps are masters of underutilizing their skills. At SJ has made a couple of conference finals.
Pls help #RyanKennedy he's. A young cancer patient & we should get this 2 trend as well
it's a nice day to be happy-- Love Life
Honest Monday is getting too fucking honest. If they play journey I'm out of here. Ballini! And Krow!
RT : Our goal is to have all continents covered with AWS regions -
yw :) we'll be airing that show tomorrow, same time... and then again tomorrow night at 9p EST
Woohoo! Hope it's going well, guys - can't wait to see our shows in action tomorrow night!!
not the milwaukee variety
Follow. Us on MySpace.com/wilsonhotamales
The biggest and best lessons that we can learn from Ricky Williams have nothing to do with football.
srry bitch but im romantic ♥♥♥ c;
wait what? Your confusing me now. Haha
hey did you include the photos of civilians murdered by Hamas??
So long and thanks for all the fish
We are getting the first shipment of 2011 Williams cycling carbon wheels in next week. They are supposed to be lighter and stronger. Cool!
Let's go ahead and pretend I didn't hear something that just sounded like a gunshot.
Great day !
This is truly pathetic, Kels. You have to pounce on scattered leaves rather than a pile of leaves.
Oh, I hates working there, lol. The job is easy my manager was just ...
Why even guard Kobe...?
Shout Out To Some Of Our Gear Will Be Getting To U Shortly Bro!
Almost That Time, Make Sure Ya'll Support the Song #LebronBryant by ft Produced by AllStar Dropping 2Day
I'm so tired , I've been up since 8 this morning w/ my mom .
you say potato, i say vodka.
Right now I wish I was running tomorrow. Ask me again in the morning though.
BAD MIND DEM FAKING...Boom Chune...Claire Angel COME AGAIN!!! RED ROSE (#R.U.IRIE) a seh DAT!
Dying because Ian got hacked. Omg I miss him
Please don't tell me the concert is cancelled becuz of the snow!
I'm seriously craving cold stone right now! 🍦
IMMORTALS needs cliff dwelling guitar wailers.
2.5 hour workout at the gym today>>>>>
I think so xp
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA tomorrow nite in Chester - Civil War surgeon Mary Edwards Walker - on the Commons, SR 248
Living in Baltimore has many perks including #HBO filming "House of Cards" in the restaurant in your building.
I got to spend part of my afternoon in a cop car! Can't talk about details
Who can get a Lex Her Ldr from today and would be willing to send it to me??? I want one as a keepsake and it is impossible to get in Cincy.
Going into school at 11 >>>
We love you and your amazing crew!
lol it hurts, really bad. I'm high as balls from the pain killers n I'm flippin starving
The first sleep after day light savings is the hardest.
Thanks for retweet! Such an important message.
They probably won't make it past 300 miles.
don't waste your time!
I've got 24 days to do an excessive amount of work and to find a job...I'm scared out of my mind
This was one of my favorite parts... learning the significant ramifications of agriculturalization on human sexuality.
loser the game boy games were better anyway
: Mike Brown wouldn't be the coach of my AAU squad.
President Obama say's his endorsement of same sex marriage is a "logical extension" of what he sees as the future of the country
I'm feelin sick homes. :(
“: LA!” where you gonna be?
I like her so much, and I just ruined everything )': ); /;
Acxiom (Acxiom) thanks for the follow.
lol that's a good thing then lol
married ones get weirder too!
#Biden gets away with it b/c everyone knows he's the village idiot.
Are you serious?
I love The New Profile Pic So Beautiful And Backrounds Awesome 2!
Free Fallin' by John Mayer will never get old
Thanks for checking out the review. I normally prefer something more full in strength, but I still enjoy it. Construction = Wow!
The Apple iPhone update v 5.1.1 really dropped the cell signal strength meter on my 3GS. 2 bars is the new 4bars
Drivn Damn Near Free #Contest continues. Prize increased to $30; this round ends @ 1:00 EST. Good luck!
congrats; that's awesome
GURL you know you want big hair
After 12 days of work is time for a much needed rest.
my 1st take: "We mean well, but we're too incompetent to run a publication program without outsourcing it to the enemy."
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses. -Kazantzakis
british military camo... planets you've never heard of...
Let's go cause chaos in The Wizarding World Of Harry Potter! Who!
Happy 2012!!! Already proving to be an amazing year!
I can't watch tv shows if I'm not on it,for some reason it's really tough. Especially when I see other brothers my age on the box.
fita she's something else! #WARNING HA!
A friend told me this today and I'm keeping it in mind. "Challenges can stop you, or they can make you unstoppable. The choice is yours!"
until next year, that is, when they're hitting next to one another in the same lineup.
I wish I could respond to everyone individually but I need to thank everyone for their support! This is the ride of my life!
On my way to the bowling alley with thembi and kallie :)
east side is where it's at
A fairly high percentage of responses to my Facebook posts and Tweets involve offers and/or mentions of whiskey. Keep up the good work, all.
VERY CONCERNED! With that kind of expenditure, you'd think they'd be winning this war!
to know me is to love me.
I have some amazing boys
CAMERON RTED ME.... DYING OVER HERE ASDFGHJKL
I desperately need to grow taller!!!!! If not next year I'm officially a nobadi as compared to the scary Vball giants ...
Hello Cheryl
that's talent my man
so you're 0-3 but keep sluggin away honey. Or do something productive like maybe reread the Bill of Rights.
Amazing how productive sitting in the driveway with a sleeping kid in the car can be! Let me know how it goes
Headed to #Detroit tomorrow to launch #NoKidHungry with Governor Rick Snyder - and make Michigan our 18th NKH state!
I've never seen a fat zombie.
and I don't want to go to work tonight. The only thing I look forward to is Brewers baseball on the radio.
he is taking an exam. :(
Four exams. One day.
Girl was speaking lies, so I slap her the truth (Bible.)
So does anyone know when comes out?
This sounds great!
You won a prize!! Come to our table at the union from 10-2 or you can pick it up later at UCA 5500. Congrats!
Lie lie lie all you know.
I love Beauty & the Beast but thank god they didnt use the alternate opening because that was not easy to watch
looks great!
haha thanks, ya girl! haha that's kinda the point ;) double meaning
The nats are introducing Steven Strausburg today, and con grats to Mike Rizzo for as the new GM, job well done!!
Dont you hate when the same nigga every year say the same shit and dont get it done
GirlPwr! : If u're a guy watching the Emmy's & tweeting after every win we can't be friends any longer. Sorry.
Follow Friday: (to help her get to 300), (so he can persuade Feldman to get on), (For being great).
New TDOMB v. old TDOMB? What do you guys think?
confidence of course 😜
Not going to the Weeknd because I want to stay convinced that band only exists on the internet.
too busy to tweet. EEk.
"follow me follow me TWEET TWEET" #AlexandRobertTweetTweet !!
Procter &amp; Gamble Profit Down, Trims 2012 Outlook
Pretty close to getting big 44% sale going. Need 4,444 likes on fbook and 44 of 50 states repped on Republic of Wiskullsin map.
No requirement for the stickers! Please specify how many you'd like, otherwise Honicide will use their own discretion depending on address.
My knees hurt kinda i was jumping on a trampoline with my friend for like an hour and a half but im ok :-)
Agreed. This won my "funniest shit of the year" award!
Aha Jonas Brothers fanas mad. Cause there poor little jonases didnt win
Simon Thunder Music is not about, Where you are at, but the direction you are going! Katy Perry will be sued for Copyright Infringement!
I'll be there Friday night for Game 1. It'll be nice to have playoff hockey in South Florida again.
your welcome cutie<3 now cheer up!(:
I need some water so bad!
"I love this wall. It really separates the room.". Philosophy, HGTV style.
any Tears for Fears album
Proof that people like opportunities to be clever more than they like it when you're clever.
I get about as many flats as one CAN get in a year.
The few glimpses I've seen look really clean & the underlying idea could produce some interesting behavioral changes.
yeah, just got my new book in the mail: The New Global Student by Maya Frost! Can't wait to read it!
yep yep! she really is blessed to have a parent like that acts like her personal teddy bear too :)))
or marry Jews-by-choice, Sephardim, Mizrahim...but yeah... your way works too...
How about Kansas City City?
Every joke can have its truth but now the jokes on you
interviews the few remaining people at LGA
your so welcome :) seriously though...like your icon is one of my favs on twitter.
Name of da game is cops and robbers I'm da robber u r da cop
Time to turn on work mode...
coach, my woman just said the same damn thing, hahaha! So true!
Can't wait for this to become available in the states!!
Unless Brittany Pierce Graduates, I don't think I'm gonna be able to watch anymore. Because Brittana. :'(
“: Steve Blake look like he been on to catch a predator.....bag of gummy worms and a 6 pack in his hands”
Theres only 17 bands so far but, BLESSTHEFALL & SLEEPINGWITHSIRENS are going !:D & the rest are on my profile. Ill dm them to u
WHY IS THE DUDE FROM PLAIN WHITE TS ON A DATING SHOW.
North Lake College in Irving, TX
yayyyy!  so you only have a senior prom?
imma hit u up around 9 30 ish. niggas can do all that shit, two k, cipher, smoke, the usual.
Haha yes but noone knows what a Shadowhunter is, and I figured ninja was close enough.
On my way to queens center mall to pick up my new eyeglasses, and possibly buy me some new workout clothes (y)
Damn Lifes crazy, RIP Junior Seau...
I love teddy bears my bf got me one 4 no reson I luv him so much!
How many letters in the Alphabet? 19, cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him.
evidently this was the 1st time the westin needed >1 wifi connection/user. else the #sllconf tweets would've been substantially higher.
I guess i'll finish the story i'm writing lol.
Congrats to for finding the Union Bar & Grille gift card!!!!
75% of employees who use a computer will suffer an eye or vision problem. remember to rest your eyes at work!
I get your point, we're better friends than lovers.
I saw the movie, it was quite intriguing. I liked it.(:
love the profile picture! He's my favorite in big bang!
“That awkward moment when your kindess is mistaken with flirting.”
- #Highlighter is already out! It's available for digital download at www.pl70.net/highlighter
listening to online radio and cleaning.
Everybody needs to Get Pumped! Lots of Love <3
And let's not forget he called her a prostitute as well. Is that accurate? He also wanted her to videotape it.
6 more days until our #RaiseDough event at #Oreganos ... are you excited yet?
There's not one day that goes by without thinking about how great things used to be with us.. <\3
10 months of the worst customer service ever. I will never use or recommend Time Warner Cable again! Corporate Bullies I say WTF!
all i wanna see is skinn ;
Send some down to please!
Has anyone ever heard of beer salt? It takes away the rate of beer. Why not just do what I do?
Foster the Huge Mouth
Still thinking about the sloppy tots from last night and hot chocolate was the cherry to top off our night, good lookin out
What's Thursday? Do you have secret Mavs info ? ;~}
Just finished The Fury and BPRD Monsters in one sitting. Boy, when you go for broke, you go for BROKE.
Delta sucks!!!
RT " #Scorpio's adapt easily."<confuses people. Jst remember this doesnt mean we like it; just the right incentive
It's seems like babies are always on their periods..
Thank you for following us
Spring is in the air, time to spring clean my FB friends!
Looking forward to coming down to to play some Reggae/Soul
I can get jumped by a hunnid niggas before I back down from anybody...
My allergies though <<<
Yeah to for taking a stand against intolerance.
....could ya get any closer, or did envy keep you away?
Rich and Margaret bring sweet cider and honey, melons, squash, beets and so much more. Find them at Grunt N Gobble in the back!
yes ive experienced how u pick up anythiing within a few feet and use it during combat! flying dragon lock and a sock typeshit
go to the brew city store and make them give you a t-shirt!
You know who I missed talking to this weekend? 😢
Nothing wrong with being on time.
Financing, leases and build out #openrestdc w/ Nizam from
Just went to town on three old shirts of mine. Now I have three new shirts. :D
who has a hottub? #anyone?
yess! And two if you have them but if not that's cool I deff need one
nah I'm good but thanks
Good morning everyone. Make a great day!Quote: Encouragement is oxygen to the soul ~George Matthew Adams
I miss you more! 10 more days til i see you :)
Maybe we could all learn Santa’s beautiful lesson and maybe there would finally be peace on Earth and good will toward men.
Oomf tried out for Denby basketball team & didn't make the cut lol
Freelance graphic designer for print, web, and branding. Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Is there an on sale date for tickets yet? Also, the package deal would be awesome.
Happy Birthday! Hope you're having a great day! :) <3
I rarely check Twitter, so please contact me through email so I don't miss a message. Thanks. Web address is on this page.
- Maybe the current deal w/ Inge is that he plays this year, then retires as a Tiger. That's why he's actually playing.
Love forecasts - always so cheery & polite even when outlook is gloomy.
Does a T-Rex have an anterior cruciate ligament?
Did your Milwaukee tour stop get cancelled? I'm trying to tell a friend how to sign up and it isn't an option anymore!
"You hit us, we hit you." Nice. Stay classy, Cleveland.
I love it when people don't text back!!!!!!!!! -_-
Ok they have the touchless soap despenser, faucet, & hand dryer. If anybody tries to make my toilet paper touchless I loose it!
pretty good! hby?
We saw Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close last night and loved it. What did you guys think?
Thanks for the RT!
always love to hire badasses. But focused in SF. You think this person is willing to relocate?
Change to Muzak. It's easier to slow down RT : and I thought I was the only one that felt that way.
oh I don't doubt that its true but there are 2 sides to any situation. I want answers not hype
RT : Great line-up today at #NAPFA2012 w/ Austan Goolsbee, Andy Hill, Terry Savage, Christine Fahlund and more!
c-ya soon :) have fun at work :)
Can I get a hell yeah for #beer ?
i've been scheming/lurking. yep. i'll be at #tcamp12; apparently will be doing a session w/
Thank you!! Hope you've been doing well! RT You know who's great? follow immediately!
Absolutely agree! RT : overall planning, scheduling good. But leave room for spontaneity!
ask Owen how those supersonics look this year? Better to b a bucks fan then nothing at all.
"Did Khaled put you up to this?" ... "Yes!", "Imma get that muthafucka!"... "Bawse!"
the lyrics that is.. not the story behind it..
Vacation coming soon. Is it odd to say that I both dred & look fwd to it? ...well might go to watch C.A. tonight. I love Chris Evans ;D
thank you💚💚 it's on Facebook now too(;
what steph? and tell sara to talk to me to
oh yeah
Just finished Oversight hearing in Charleston, SC. Proud to support NLRB due process and oppose labor intimidation.
Umm, so genuinely, how much was it, and did the type all seem complete?
i want some plzzz
r u having boy trouble????
Game 7 is on my mind
do we educators do comprehension cks enough when teaching new lesson? ask students to say back what's presented multiple times
Can you please follow me? :DD
MB is MB, whether it's in Cairo, Damascus, Gaza, Kabul or Wash, DC. And I guess those riots in Egypt are peaceful, huh?
He didn't! But I didn't even MIND there was so much else to love!
What's the L.I Small Farm Summit? It's an on-going effort to cultivate active community support of sustainable local agriculture.
What's your favorite kind of gum? I need to switch it up.
i remember you :) pls tell me how goes it, how's life been treating you and what's new in your world ...
ew why? I hate living here
I'm that FC alumni who chooses to stay far away from reliving the good ol days, but is still proud to be a buccaneer!
yayayayay(: ! and tel her hay <3
Guess who's back ?:)
Yay!!! RT : One upset down, one to go.
i got you, this your mixtape?
I liked the 2nd of the two vids better. Very cute and clever. I knew there was a "twist," but guessed a diff outcome.
I need new clothes very badly. *Yells for mom* "lets go shopping! :D" I wonder if she would. I'm tired of buying all my clothes. -_-
Everytime a republican mentions jobs, I worry about my uterus.
Did a fresh install of the iPad app and its working like a charm!
They don't. Hope u succeed but pray when you on top to fall from the leaves.
She said.... "We are a middle class suburban white family! We will not cause a scene while we have company you bitch!" Haha
Good morning. You’re not supposed to have caffeine for 24 hours after donating blood. I have 4 hours to go. I caved. COFFEE!!!
Just got home from QT Jerri :)
Here in NY, it's accepted like 99% of the places I've ever been to, I don't know about the rest of the country though.
just killed a goat
sign me aftermath records side wayz
Swap your regular lettuce w/ spinach & you'll get more iron, vitamin K, potassium, carotenoids, & many more nutrients.
Oh my, I miss that boy.
Heh. Which book inspired this announcement?
Is watching Glee... Can't wait for the prom !!!!
Went to OnDemand, hit Music, was browsing through them & found The Fray and am now watching all The Fray music vids they have. Yup yup. Haha
gettin ready for the funk
short staffed today....designing pieces for Notre Dame sports package...
I'm Going Backstage & I Get Things Signed & Stuff So I'm A Make Something & Have Them Sign It For The MB Fans
otayyy you're welcome!!!! :D
I will keep dreaming until I get old!
Happy New Year ya'll!!
Hello Tweeters!!!
On a morbid note, I learned a lot about embalming today...
#OnceUponATime I am so in love with The Hatter/Jefferson. Glad to see him again. Even if he is helping that beyotch.
well his """girlfriend""" at one of the nyc shows was laughing at fans and line and like he did nothing like omg
Severe thunderstorm Warning for Pope and Stearns Counties until 4:45pm. Heading through Glenwood right now.
I hadn't thought of Holden Caulfield, but there is a similarity. Not that I think I write as well as Salinger or any great.
Coyotes power play! Let's get this done.
Love telling these two cousins my life stories!!! :)
awesome! When is a good time to come over & pick it up?
Our markets offer discounts for high value autos.
I have never been more in love with what I do everyday than right now. So much inspiration!
Why can't I sleep?
Now that Austin's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
I couldn’t make any sense out of the plot.
Dear ladies don't put you interested in men and say your married to Suzan biglipz and not expect boys to ask for a three some
Sorry it's been a while.
“: people so easily influenced smh. Crazy.”
God never said living for Him would be easy but if u ask Him to make you "in his image" make sure you are ready for it.
She crying, she say she sleeping with the devil cause they always fight.
I'm kinda impatient they haven't announce nothing! 😡
Performing an acoustic show THIS SATURDAY at Copper Coin Coffee in Woodstock, GA at 8PM! Free show! First show of 2012..be there!
really need to start restocking food under my bed
That was fast!
If Yeezy 2's drop on June 9th, someone Better be buying them for me as a birthday gift! Not a bad birthday shoe....
Whatever size you like. :)
Welcome our historical friends to this newfangled technology...follow for more old-timey fun! Villages east and westside..unite!
Man it was just a song
I forgot my towel.
Got my two wisdom teeth out today luckily I didn't have four. In recovering mode now!
A staple food here ,bone marrow, toast, parsley, capers and shallots
is attending the Consulting Magazine Executive Roundtable in Chicago on May 5th.
Happy Birthday! Don't do anything that wouldn't do...
good day!
yes that would be interesting to see if there is any overlap in the problem space. Will get to email you.
you're crushing it! Are you down at #SXSW? We're out here eating tons, and exercising tons!
Hi my name is parrisha and wanted to know how to make an appointment with you
time to call on Erin Brochovich!
But I'll keep dreaming
So tired :/
When your sick and about to leave school but some idiot decides to rob walmart and you have to wait until the lock down is over. <
Oh! Even better than the Cinerama.
I'm watching the playoffs and craving more thunder games.
This Blood that but one drop of has the power to win All the world forgiveness of its world of sin.
the 1st father's day with out my dad . i miss him
Rep. Gutierrez is fired up! thank you for your work advocating with our friends in South Carolina
Allen Craig is #CRUSHINGIT for the Cardinals this season.
so party this weekend then?
RT : RT : Digitsing a historic Koran - great blog from John Rylands Library Manchester project see how its done!...
It's so hot outside !!!
that was very sweet. Needed that, thank you!
Retweet this Tweet and be entered to win your first hour free on the Happy Holidays!
Smells Like Taine Spirit
Just dropped off extra box lunches at the healing place.
RT "Stay up late. Strange things happen when you've gone too far, been up too long, worked too hard, " ~ Bruce Mau (+ me)
Sounds fun. Even better getting to use new tools for such extended coverage. BTW, put up a poll!
In the Meet the Zend developers session at Zendcon... more fun than I was expecting.
Whitney Houston is singing I Wanna Dance With Somebody for the Soul Train Line.
lol yes this is true lol
You must be at a bar in Madison hey!
#MardiGras whoo! Celebrating with hint o lime chips. Yep i party.
I'm nervous to go to college
Visited the wedding venue tonight for this Saturday, so excited!
Wow i really don't feel good this morning O.o
why, of course! y'all will be at the top of my postcard list, i'm sure. *leaves to go glue little teacups to her umbrella. :)
Man capris...just say no!
I'm still waiting for mine!
Sadness. At least Ghana won fair and square, no questionable calls to argue about. Great effort on both sides.... Viva Mexico?
HP7 Is 9 hours for you psychos seeing it at midnight and 28 hours for us normal folk seeing it tomorrow night.
the dwarf who?
Fortune favors the bold.
lmao I had to tweet it again with "not racist" in it
" im so tired of the same shyt ; just a different day"
If Ain't Nobody Gne Ride Big Brother Gt My Bac
had the most amazing birthday-halloween weekend, ending with dinner at Thanks to everyone who made it great.
Jacob gets his food patch stickers removed today- then we meet w/ allergist tomorrow!~ #EoE Very curious abt results!
Hey now, purple ALWAYS works! RT there's also five Aussies at the university of Portland... Purple doesnt work
good morning, have a good day (:
Apparently I only take pics of dogs and booze. Apparently.
Woke up feeling amazing, thank you lord for another
it worked great!!! Thanks :)
Well, his is an opinion I trust, so that's good news.
i would love to watch that movie with you anytime and day
excellent soundtrack, hope you made it back safely.
it's good! finishing up school, trying not to die during finals week. How about yourself?
Akron was great! Back to Wheeling WV for a two day performance July 23 & 24. Hope to see you there! www.allegrodancecompany.net
Merry Christmas, fellow felons. One more holiday before we can breathe easy and begin resolutions. What will yours be?
excellent place to hold casting calls! I will definitely be there!
No matter how much I love my home teams, I don't like the tv commentators to say "us" and "we". Doesn't seem right.
Pinterest put me on their waiting list?! They have a waiting list? Don't understand.
hahahaha. fair use
longest wait EVER. And if course it's on a cold rainy morning when I need to get to union station... Still waiting...
Dave vanhoose just split a full glass of ice water on me.
Going to the doctor. Hope everything turns out okay.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought. - Basho
I hope something didn't happen.. Or.. Isn't going to happen. Because I'm stressed
school work :/
I do love the elegant dance of continual response and improvement.
Happy Birthday!! You are one talented guy!! I'm obsessed with your music :)
Grr stupid ho wont move right next to me...she's sitting on my seat belt!!
So if I'm filling in 4 , does that make me "sloppy seconds?"
Is it? I don't see it there.
": I know God won't give me anything I can't handle. I just wish He didn't #trust me so much. #MotherTeresa".
I gotta go impellizzeris and wicks.
Loved that it was where #Justified was filmed! ": Heading to the courthouse with to get our marriage license!"
You live a good life!
Jessy's Guide for Hicks. I live just off Mich Ave and found it to be spot on! :)
Re: Siri. Corpora of voice data. Human-machine-human translations within and across languages at even the level of speech?
life's too short is comedy gold. Warwick is a genius regardless of his size or appearance. His acting was amazing.
Morning network
Rain, you're buzz-killing my plans to ride to
im not gonna hit you . your just being a pussy .
RT Locals - enter our FRIDAY GIVEAWAY! #FF to enter to win tix for tomorrow night's show! Use #ChippendalesTix!
- Boy this is a bad game
I wish they buried her here so I could visit her
Going 2 bed now! :) so tired and lumped out! :/ G'nitee! :D
You got my email last Friday, yes?
Steve Stricker drops to #6 overall in World Rankings with +7 performance at Masters, now 3rd highest ranked American
Final #FF of the day to and all the #globaled awesomeness Down Under.
Psst, are y'all ready to find out who will be joining Ronnie Dunn at PB? Artist announcement to happen in very near future!
i did something special!!! :))))) someone appreciated it!
my poor baby.
Fueled up and ready to go! It's gym time !
I'm always there for everyone, when they need me. But when I need someone, there's no one stand by my side.
In New Jersey! This is going to be a fanfriggintastic week!
ready to see you play now sir. your going to beast this year big man!
turns on #smoothbeats.com Oh yea, that's how to work. Slowly working the dial to the
#GOP budget costs 4 mill. jobs over next 2 yrs, ends Medicare guarantee & gives tax breaks to only wealthiest Americans. Enough said.
I know going from no car payments to having one sucks. It is a new car, but just remember a car isn't a good financial investment.
Thanks to , I'm #reading Unbreak My Heart by fellow Vassar alumna (I love finding out authors went to Vassar!)
A special thank you to the 2012 #SoMeAwards Planning Committee: , , , ,
there was a recent case in Brazil I believe they were making & selling pastries made from humans.
A true stock market player should know the short side and the art of the hedge. This market has topped. .
Sorry I take forever replying to ppl who tweet me, retweet my tweets, mention me but I really appreciate all my followers for their support
She bad she bad bad bad
Yeah I knew a tuba guy like that... He turned out to be one of my best friends! lol
Esquith: Promise Neighborhoods is another initiative designed to combat children's exposure to violence.
: "Our God does not just speak with words, he also acts." Diane Langberg on 'trauma as a place of service
really? good for you. I've been applying to A LOT of non-design ones
I think in terms of looking for examples regarding the materialization of our thoughts and commentary regarding these issues.
music,videos,etc
hey ron! my friend introduced me to your music and i've been listening non stop for the last few days! amazing!
I think I'm gettin sick - I'm feelin illegal.
Want to see what we're up do when we aren't doing stuff for HC? Follow us on #instagram: halfcutco
bet he pulled hoes
Contemplating who I would like to dance with if I could go on dancing with the stars. Derrick Hough, he could be my partner!
i'll take you out to golden corral cuz u deserve iht.
My brother is in jail :(
Yea, he spoke for 15 seconds!
I did not pay 40 dollars for this weave to get wet! (-___-)
sleep tight hope you have an ace kip! (Awesome nap) :p
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Btw, if you are a #DowntonAbbey fan you may wanna #Netflix "Coupling." GREAT Brit ensemble comedy from a decade ago. Better than #Friends!
so are you still running for aldermen?
we cant stop the violence unless u fakers stop the hatein
2012 Minnesota Vikings Schedule Features Close Match-Ups
lick my lips honey boo boo child. It got chicken tetrazzini all over it !
I am workin photos and will post some new stuff soon!!!
Made it to day 2!
um that was freaking creepy. what the hell?!
Morgan Robertson wrote a book 14 years prior to the Titanic about a fictional boat, The Titan, hitting an iceberg on an April night.
Still running on caffeine.
there appearantly is..
Trying to figure out if I "hit my wall" or if it hit me!
♥♥My day just got SO much better :-)♥♥
Quoting again(:
jared sullinger going to have a tough matchup with either tyler zeller or thomas robinson.
I do dug that entire run with him & ra do awesome
- Thanks for supporting ! Tell your friends to tune into We NEED 104 Dream Makers by 7PM!
mine too!!
I feel sick rite now...
It's a jungle outside my bedroom window. Just heard a cat meet something out did not like.
Yeah, everyone that doesn't live in a place where biking is a mode of transpo. Also why it is hard to get fed. bike/ped funding.
took a nap while listening to big time rush not gonna lie that was the best nap ever
Love this!!
“: great win? yall shoulda blew us out at fagbo field. Ur lucky don't stop ur face”. RT. U R AN IDIOT!
We do residencial shredding so call us next time that small shredder burns out... (832)545-3949
See this is so interesting. So much vocab floating around to pin down this thing right now.
What town?
Hello Fascination
I miss taila and Lexie and them =\
Must be rough. Enjoy and think of us!
Very good news for businesses
lol i bet
It's truly an amazing phenomenon! I can look in the fridge for something for 10 min. and wife will find in 2 sec.!
Yea i just did #Crazy did u?
People need to understand I work at fedex now so I sleep a lot!
Cookout with the family today :)
I CANT WAIT FOR "THE GAME" TO COME ON 2NIGHT!!! #ANXIOUS !!
Just saw on Comedy Central for the first time. She is F$&king Hilarious! Check her act out as soon as you can. Xo Maya
Learning abt Bowerbird, which carefully arranges fruit, feathers, etc. in courtship ritual. The fowl version of Baldessari app.
I dont deal with your kind . Sorry Hun but your washed up.
i am sleeping
One month from today, I'll be in GEORGIA! Real sweet tea, fried okra, walking barefoot, southern hospitality, and higher speed limits! Ahh!!
Hope you like it.
I love your tweets tonight. Hahaha
He should enter our cover contest!!
We have #FiftyShadesofGrey in our collection, and currently, there are 136 holds on our 16 copies.
Hell! Yeah! Now go to bed!
Mllennials have nostalgia for times they never knew, says Kate of . We call it "faux-stalgia"
Q&A with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 2
RT R.I.P. WINSTON
Lol for the Knicks to win the series d wade and Lebron would have to run into each other and chris bosh trip over them..
got some fire coming ya way
headlines .com! season is here!
The WOAI commercials airing during the #GoldenGlobes are cringe-inducing.
you just made me look really stupid
lightening up our household for the move.
Hi I am lyndsey, adult service librarian in vt Q2 I don't ever really use G+, mostly because none of my friends are on it
Portland Plan heads 2 City Council 2morrow nite 4 a hearing. Lots of testimony from partners & community. 6 pm, City Hall.
"Ah, yes. Taxes." - Me, Sunday afternoon.
Gah my stomach..
i cant cuz i have a swim meet! Im not een gonna be at school!!
was embarrased to be the guy in Portland carrying a box of soymilk down the street.
lots of yummy morsels there. Thx Marci!
Anyone know if is playing tonight?
Ima have to come show you what to do with it
Can you guys get together on Thursday instead??
POTUS, FLOTUS and now FDOTUS: First dog of the United States. Good one.
My neighbors are swimming in their pool right now. Ugh lucky bastards.
Too late.
thank you for the mention!
Beginning #gaming & #pedagogy workshop: Teaching (with) Video Games with and Terry Schenold
also, through tax loopholes corps are paying less taxes then they have in over 50 years.
Just my luck to get sick right before prom 😏
When people criticize you, be sure to ignore it. What they think of you is really none of your business, that's their issue lol. (dc)
how ur nose holding up? Lol
sleep. have to practice during the week.
congrats on 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, Denise! Glad u enjoyed the study.
you know you're better than this..
Awaiting the arrival of and crew. Love when my clients come to visit me in Chicago! Sold out show at the Hideout tomorrow!
is a BEAST!!!
"To the love, I left my conscience Pressed between the pages of the Bible in the drawer. 'What did it ever do for me?' I say."
Two new clients in the last three weeks. That's my kind of news!
HAVE U BEEN TRUE TO URSELF LATELY
Just watched 24/7 during the Devils intermission for the first time. This fight is gonna be epic, calling it here
#Favoritethingtotweetabout My dad's ratchet ass!
Katy Neal now in the circle for Farish Beard. WKU still up 2-0 in the bottom of the fifth, no outs with a runner at first.
my hair got sprayed green :(
great minds think alike! Or God is a Twitter slut. Maybe both. Hahaha ;) See you Wednesday???
This just in... our 'pre-launch' sale will be Fall graphics and fonts - ideal for your fall sale! We will have limited quantities.
I have a page of my paper done. yay. Time for work meeting and more paper writing.
Thanks! Wish you and could come out for it. Next time!
what's up
hello to me. you rool.
Do you like public speaking? Do you want to fight Alzheimer's? Volunteer on our Speakers Bureau! DM us for details!
TONIGHT KICK OFF THE 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND JAY Z AFTERPARTY W/ 50CENT CORONAS AND WELLS ITS GONNA B NUTZ
Joe' feel better soon!! Thx 4 fwding my email to Angie! :) Hope we can set something up for the Latin American audience! xo
kmsl YOU GONE GET TOUCHED
I was pretty firmly on the fighter pilot track at his age but punk rock nonconformity cured me of it later.
that's not a bad thing shug
And sharp puts one in for the hawks
making pickles
: why is it that the porn star come on the show saying the dumbest stuff, great job bringing the blackmailing to light with her!
So that AP World test...
And I still don't know who Jason Aldean is
Fuck watchin sports ... That shit lame and time consuming ... All u do is sit on yo ass and eat ... Time wats for no man
that's what K-Mart is for!
Most people believe that selling dangerous drugs next to bubble gum and candy bars is a bad idea. Do we need to tell you why?
*Super moon* covered by super fog bank in metro Boston right now. Better chance 2mrw night!
yum. Redneck Sexy.
Boldin getting the start. Should be an interesting afternoon.
Pissed me the off up? Lol no.. I cant even type right
why are only two peas in a pod #explaination please
Brunch was great! Can't wait to go back. When are we gonna start seeing you on ?
Is there anyone in baseball hitting the ball better than 37 year old Derek Jeter right now? Anyone?
here is an interesting idea: What if one could text 911 for help?
if I won $10 Million playing freelotto.com, I would
Kobe pulled a Houdini today
I need my tonail to be smaller.
METTA COME OVER AND PLAY SOME MONOPOLY W. MY BUDDIES THIS WEEKEND.
+1"The most radical and transformative of inventions are... those that empower others to unleash their creativity - to pursue their dreams."
well I hope you feel better! You're awesome :)
u should have shared !!
How about a Fastball Flakes eating contest?
Dear , I'll be thinking about you worldwide. (:
#LNYHBT got my ticket to ride the express is great even though we are all disrupting his sleeping habits.
Irving Falu played in the minors for 10 years, is finally called up and his first big league hit is a triple. Never. Stop. Trying.
haha I just wanted to use the icon! I bet you look amazing 💂
has anyone used punchbowl? is it like evite or eventbrite?
thanks for helping a fella out. Mikey, you've been warned
Having pizza for dinner!! You jelly??😏
RT : TODAYS TWITTER SPECIAL: FREE Small Cheese Pizza w/ ANY other purchase (even a drink) :) Just mention this (via )
Ahh my phone is blowing up with tweets he is replying and RTing people I better get on twitter! <3
What did mindless behavior win..?
well that's a photo worth saving!
my little cousin told me he's a dinosaur and bashed his head off my headboard then got mad and punched me cause i laughed....LMFAO he's cute
#Madmen pulling out the Crystals
Hahaha I wish you good luck then :)
Sherry at the front desk at #HomewoodSuites in Rancho Cucamonga is today's Super Star! Really came through today with help!!!
It's finna happen! That boi some serious!
hey! how's things? xo
RT : We will be at Das Oktoberfest Saturday w/ info on our next event to benefit the less fortunate in MKE. See you there!...
FWD: I love the fact that all the pictures you posted on my wall are on your tumblr. Oh you & your love for Austin carlile. <3
Lakers still big and heavy..you can't count out their big 3
— Damn. That Muybridge "scroll to 'play'" transition is the jam. Nice work.
Got 3 DM's this week- said people were saying bad things about me. I prefer the "good Catholic boys are trying to find you" trick instead.
Times like this i wish i had a friend to talk to
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
Hahahahaha. Love it.
Just made a donation to Proud to support a nonprofit and GREAT radio station!
Me too!`
thanks hon! I hope so!
well I mean you could come to chicago... we are worth the trip.
<3 U must leave the city of ur comfort & go into the wilderness of ur intuition. What u'll discover will b wonderful-urself.
Looking forward to all of your posts. You give me hope for my ragged, sad, fenced back patio:-)
lemme brush that weave doe
thank you!!
the Mitt has a whole lot of ??? To answer...BuffetRule, Health Care......
Why you harshin my buzz, brah?! RT : The benefit of 4/20 is I have a perfect view of all the super neat stoners to unfollow.
I can't see it RT : If Davis makes the Olympic team and wins a gold medal, could his sports year be any better?
Can anyone turn a pair of Deadstock Fire Red 3s into the Grape 5 colorway?
Great hanging out with my favorite banker, Thanks Carrie and
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview. The post was substantive response to issue.
Are you willing to do what others won't do? If so, you will succeed!
300th FB Fan gets FREE HCG!! www.facebook.com/LVHCG We'll also do drawing for a random FREE bottle for existing FB Fans
lalala ben editing since i got home...okokok, still editingg(;
We would love to work something out with you to provide pizza's for our Holiday Gala on December 23rd at Turner Ballroom!
What I like to see from my marketing efforts is some sort of reaction from the market in the form of phone call/email inquiries.
I wish I could say it was my last day!! #SemesterExams Monday & Tuesday.
Hosting an event at Pearl tonight 6pm for Warner Bro and Southern Word.
My daily penny stock picks cause insane gains for active traders!
CCleaner for Mac comes out of beta, fixes bugs
yes time to get it. Imma start growing my own trees to it will be a grey year
Elizabeth Lawrence, director/producer of "Roll Out, Cowboy" just rolled into town! Enjoy your stay!
i will never find SOMEONE LIKE YOU again<3
Winter, spring, summer or fall.all you gotta do is call #<3
hey cutie
looks so amazing! I am so proud of you girl! Your dedication and devotion makes me want to get on board.
you tell him to pay for the Acela train and then you might consider it ;)
Goodbye hair. Hello mohawk.
sitting in a corner at a party.
#WhatBrowardNiggasSay i left da whip @ my momma house
Enjoyed being in SL for the first time (on my own) in years! It's gotten to be much easier to be dressed in there #muemtech (9)
I love the smell of coconut shampoo
So um yeahh me & is hittin this party up tonight! Gone be some memories tonight
hey gaz.. How r u
If Capcom doesn't fix the Rolento Game Breaking Bug before CEO I would seriously consider banning Rolento. No other fix IMO.
Have you heard the news? is now be sure to follow us!!!
I think we can win 2nite
why do you guys have the same tweet?
Wen I'm low he bring me high
We cool Jemi. Just catch me up when you get a chance. :)
Living in Fla the shuttle has become almost commonplace to us. Definitely cool to see in person still today though.
Ambition is nothing to be proud of.
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until March 19.
You need to helicopter in! Traffic is beneath you, you're a diva legend!
hm...I think Cary will have had enough of me! She deserves a long summer vacation!!
Who needs a heart wen a heart can b broken
✔ Food ✔ Bed ✔ Music ✔ Twitter ✔ Cellphone = Perfect day»»
Jamming to No doubt while I go through my notes!! (:
Also, if actors and VFX artists keep fighting over the performance capture issue, the producers will continue to beat us all.
I just don't understand why everyone can't live their lives exactly by my beliefs.
Where are you with all that snow? We didn't get a single snowflake in Arlington, and I feel hookwinked by the forecasters.
Lmfao RT Made it to my granny house......the most comfortable place for me to go and SHIT!!!
I need too be in somebdy pool
www.shopmayu.com has now added to our products so comment away!! tell us which #alpaca #fashion you have and love.
SW 3rd has been reopened to traffic after police ask protesters to move back into the park.
Necessary Losses: The Loves, Illusions, Dependences and Impossible Expectations we must all live up to in order to grow.
That moment when you can actually answer a question on the NICAR listserv and someone else beats you to it.
get that bike up on that roof lol..pushin that crown lol
Trying to get some Green Tea & Aloe Moisturizers done, also.
DOM! Nope, not back at The Smith. I'm working on another project that's keeping me busy. Are you back in NYC yet?
please follow bck
Watching the game with & at Olde Town in U Sq. Let's go #Yankees!!!
Tonight The all New Scenario Tv show w/ Host interviewing w/ on da turntables Public access channel18
The best part about Valentine's Day, as far as I'm concerned, is getting wasted and hoping you wake up somewhere in outer space.
He can't wait to meet auntie SDL too! #goodtimes RT : can't wait to see STW!
#Meetingofimportantpeople is making a new album!
Prince is the oldest then .... , PLEASE EXPLAIN THIS !
Busy day today
My friend is gonna be on the tonight show this evening. Watch, I might even stay up past my bedtime.
haha, awesome picture! :) I have so many needles cuz I keep losing sets and finding them after I bought a new pair already...
Hey Josh - good luck with everything. Are you in L.A. ?
Getting our spring '12 books ready to post on If you're a reviewer, look out for them soon!
": No one ever accomplished anything great by going to bed early." Weren't you telling me to go to bed the other night lol
#SAGawards So glad George didn't win. The Artist was a much better film! Magical.
Didn't do my German verb drills today. Was fartin' around on tumblr.
my immediate family is from 5 different races. Just interesting fact I never get to mention
Spoke to mom, told her I love her!!!!
Remember when we watched Scott Pilgrim and you said I reminded you of Knives, and I said "no way". Well, now, after all, I finally see it.
Mom and I made it to Fredricksburg at the same time.
I love, therefore I troll.
I want the codes! Am I too late?
Today was such a crazy day smh.
That had better be an April Fools Joke. :) RT : OMG! I GOT CHOSEN FOR THE INTERNSHIP!!!!!!!
thank u so r u
": The Bright Light Social Hour and Old 97s? Really liking the summer lineup. #bluesonthegreen" going to be great!
Oh #thunderstorms, how I've missed you.
i actually had a good day today!!! :-)
Tell me this is a sick joke. is Judas.
Got my homeboy "Never to late" on repeat.. IT GOES SO HARD! Keep doing ya thang fam!
Are you eating the right foods to fuel your body for practice and games? Make sure you are eating well balanced meals!
make money online
Dear Megabus asshole, its 1:30am. Is this really the time to get into a political debate about Japan with the women next to you?
This time Andrea blogged brutal and degrading
I was secretly hoping you meant sneak attack gunshot!
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice.
Thanks! :D
Thank you for the information!
Come on Vancouver!
Getting ready for my photo shoot now, new pix soon :)
Can't help but feel the Hunger Games series would've been a lot stronger if Collins had read a single book on prison populations.
Men with insecurities >>>>
is going to hell.
And my heart caves in when I look at you
Stuck at home with the bubble guts... shits nothing nice
10 thousand hours makes me an expert
Ladies and Gentlemen, I am on vacation for the next week! Except for Wednesday, when I have to work, but I'm not thinking about that now.
The more uncertainty I invite into my life, more unknown, the more room for possibility there will be. "Room for Error" is "Room for Growth"
thanks! Going to have to plan another trip to Indy.
I'm kidding, I'll stick around for the credits.
Although I don't personally know her, I'm so glad that Kotie is home.
I'm going to buy you a reds shirt and you have to wear it when we win the world series
please follow me your so funny on Chelsea Lately you crack me upp!
Want More Followers? add me and
Our Justice System fails thousands of #HumanTrafficking victims annually, yet no one seems to fight for change. Can you see a problem here?!
I'm happy to see visible progress in my friend's writing and storytelling. I gotta get there myself now.
Glad to see there is another Domer who likes the Cuse. Grew up there as a kid. Good win. Makes it easier to forget the ND game.
what's your favorite song ??
haha wtf.. Who was involved in the brawl?
Just saw The Graduate. WOW.
maybe for a week or two he'll be remembered for what he was...
#sjsharks looking very content to come back home with series tied 1-1 . This is
Good night everybody! Have a sweet dreams :)
#WorstSuperHero Handy Man
Every chance i get with her is a moment we will cherish 4-3-12(:
I'll DM you a pic but I want it to be surprising for everyone else. Hahaha!
Sunday night came so quick but we have a week FILLED with some new yoga classes and a splurge trip at
n trey songz concert VIP lounge
My family obviously did something bad/horrible to have our house surrounded with locusts
Classical Music!
Hmm. Was not planning on having a $100 Monday dinner. Perhaps we shouldn't have ordered three appetizers & multiple drinks. Still, worth it.
also, he is wearing #7. Serendipity?
damn right!
Babysitting and the kids are swimming and I'm just here, chillin in the sun. Wishing I brought a bathing suit.😞
olololol i see everything you guys are saying,....
home..got u !
On lockdown for some BS
UW offense looks lost without the bigs to help collapse the zone. Too many outside shots.
Storm's Rollin' in...
I just got carded for purchasing Knocked Up' at Walmart.
Florence+The Machine is SOLDOUT has hard-to-find tix this #CommercialFree Hour! Listen to win!
Serious measures for a serious problem. I hate irresponsible pet owners!
Somewhere within, you’ve recognized a call to a greater life … God is calling you... are you listening?
A relationship is like a house. When a lightbulb burns out you don't go and buy a new house, you fix the lightbulb.
actually i don t twatch so yu need to shut yur little happy ass up. actually i never saidi did.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Memorizing specific cases is how children learn arithmetic
hell na I be dying! That's the new trend for my Chicago people! Mf be with that. Shit look at you!
You're probably right lol
looks delicious!
hey cutie pie!
I miss arguing over who loved who more :p
So Hot in Houston Right Now!!!!!!
If you love somebody, set them free. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
vicodin rum & coke, magic pills in my coat,purple weave , purple smoke , pink champagne in my throat - Kreayshawn
Happy Birthday, ! Let's do this.
Your welcome! Thanks! I did!
#yee that's awesome guys :')
Heart to heart talk wiv myfwend
Oh, just sitting here singing oh my vageeeena to tune of My Maria because my best friend is coming today!
its never too late to join! Haha :)
yes it is Seiler....
Throw in a vague mysterious conspiracy and I think you've got it.
wait, is today the last day to buy them?
...anyway, now back to our regularly scheduled/swangin' programming.
Integrity isn't always measured by what you're doing when people are watching. Its also about what you do when folk aren't watching you.
Do u think about me
Courts interpret statutory laws. Case law results from judicial decisions. Common law is unwritten.
Honor his career but sadly he made the wrong decision today .
Retain a Social Media Manager for $1000 per month from Your Thoughts, LLC!
Guest posts on my blog are like taking off a girdle. They're not great on their own, but they seem awesome by comparison.
That's surprising. I love stylish chicks.
lol....They have been exposed at fakes...lol
Dr. Heath Morrison will be hosting a news conference this morning to address the upcoming budget and No Child Left Behind.
Those have to be cassettes. What's next up, a Betamax bookshelf?
i need an exercise program that I can....ya know, like actually do regularly
Let's go Celtics!
We voted no to "desktop" for that reason. May be time to reevaluate.
even if you've heard see jane rock ona recording or video you need to HEAR THEM LIVE!! come out to their next show!
Easter lilies not your thing? We have so much more! Like hydrangea, fuscia, hibiscus, azalea...
peace bro, much respect. Just peepd ur site, does clear label print books as well?
I did manage to throw in references to my having a PhD in the field, just to mess with some grader's head....
"don't you blow dry your hair?" auntie: "i don't want to do all that noise."
Struggling with home or business financial planning? We have QuickBooks Certified Professionals and Accountants ready to serve you!
Congratulations ... and, yes, it does sound difficult.
#BrianMcKnightsNextSongTitle "Buttsex Don't Hurt If It's Done With Love"
omg i have to message you something on fb kk
the knows all and sees all so don't try to fight it, oh and he sees you when you're sleeping
really which one?
Hahah, okay. It's gonna bring you much entertainment.
It was definitely worthy of a stage show in Vegas.
Dan! :) Do you watch americas got talent?
Oh my god SO CLOSE!!
Filming with a great crew in a short film for the 48 Hour Film Festival in MN.
Welcome to twitter love! xo
If relationship becomes painful, let it go & save yourself. Remember: you will be able to find new love but never another self.
would love to. I followed Kete for quite a while and was impressed. Are you in Austin or still in NZ?
FYI:: Rice Email & some other services are off-line. IT is continuing to work on the issues.
I would like to offer Charlei Sheen free security cameras for his house. www.4xem.com
What the fuck, people?
Who knows the customer better? sales or marketing? - says probably sales, but marketing interprets.
Knock, Knock! Who's there? Pooch! Pooch who? Pooch your arms around me, baby!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
JaVale McGee is trending on twitter for something not idioticallystupidlyundeniablyjuvenile on the basketball court but for a good game.
I remember Labyrinth- classic :)
Rugby Fans, Drop in for a pint and watch the Rugby World Cup Final. First showing 11A.M.
was that your first tweet?
Feeling Ellen DeGeneres-esque today with my collared button-up under a sweater.
Can't wait!
good morning have a nice day
Thank you Tomo! you are too kind! I forgot to about the Vogue Japan issue too! ... looking for it today
Trying to get out of office by my 7pm (Fri) curfew. Got 2 deals and VC call at 5pm. Great stuff, but my wife scares me!
. -- .".. & a new spirit of well of getting passed all that"
Jersey shore!(:already seen it though(:...
Due to the overwhelming response from Cagestars Amateur Elite Series 1 we've moved the date to January 29th, 2011.
“This place won't be here tomorrow, so let's tear it down tonight.” - Billy Gibbons
Baseball season's coming! Know any coaches, dads or players who would like a better chance at winning the game? Follow me!
are you riding the trolley next Friday?
in a round about way we did. Hamilton for Volquez. Volquez for Latos.
Joe Morello (Dave Brubeck Quartet drummer) R.I.P.
TV. If your kids are entertained by two letters, imagine the fun they'll have with twenty-six. Open your child's imagination. Open a book.
no way!
Two maybes. Do you have pick up? I can make 2p work!
RT : RT : If you spend over a month to validate your business, you are doing something wrong
hey im just trying to help a niglet out, just be happy and dont say you are because your tweets say so
how far are you on Dead Island? I'm about 10% through it.
Fire the intern that made this terrible decision RT : The Fray? Really?!?!?
Armored Saints at Webster Hall NYC. Holy shit.
Wait, you mean 's 'Mail of Tears' isn't most clever play on words ever?
hahaha....I guess it IS all in perspective.
off on mike and mike last year and I'm crazy...well who be crazy now bitches! Lol I'm joking about the last part, but seriously
The Dictator (2012)
Who else is at #ladygaga?! So excited to see the opening!
Yeah, I meant to ask her about that last night but forgot. Wish we had a clip of it!
It's ok! who gives what anyone thinks!
Is there a word for the fear of dropping your keys through the gap and down an elevator shaft? (I know the word used when it happens)
Sign me up! RT You could play a phenomenal young Gandalf.
I'm going to see it Friday!!! Can't wait.
Thank you for a wonderful performance last night!
maisbaisgziba Why :( this week that is coming up u cant get it because were gunna see my dad
I'm a BCaBA currently studying SPED at Hunter College w/ focus on behavioral disorders.
give me the updates.
Happy birthday Chulo!! Hope you have many many more!! #HappyBirthdayPrinceton <333
Bout' to hit the golf course...
Opening for #healthcare #attorney exp w/generics & biotech clients on FDA regulatory issues. Location flexible
YOU ALWAYS LEAVIN POSITIVE COMMENTS
What, you is working right now??
Do men and women actively engage in sport together? How are gender differences portrayed?
#hofbrauhaus Newport is such a tease compared to the real thing
Anyone need headshots? Or a website?..... #webdesign #photography #freelance RT if u think you might know someone... Thanks :)
Should I start heading back to Louisville?
Getting ready for my art display at Harris Bank in Cary
The most dangerous strategy is to jump a chasm in two leaps.
Really....I missed it...you'll have to fill me in...
Yay! Thunder and lightning in the Central Valley. So rare!
Dear gully bitch on twitter who's poppin shit bout me cut the shit before shit gets turnt up ok good got good bitch
fuck that place 🔫
My eyes are killen me
Check out what's in theatres now: NEW MOVIES OCTOBER 2011
HAPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY B-day baby
Ah, so you now insist "cracker" isn't a racial slur again. Flip flop.
I'll be at tonight.
No ma'am.
when is the android app going to be ready?
oh well wait, did you want me to friday follow you? Is that why you're getting mad at me?
- Thanks for playing! Make sure you check back later to see the full story!
only the 3rd game! You have plenty of time.
Just bought my tix for #fuel Feb.4... Stoked. \m/
RT : I sat on my fancy toilet and it cracked. That is 2 more years of therapy. LOL gonna be one of those days ")
okay :) If I don't see you I may cry
lol see. All u did was laugh! Smh and my bday is in August!
good. I haven't seen you in forever! Come to youth sometime.
what it do playboy?
Thanks for the follow!
K Town you in there deep , nice pix :)
looking forward to a great day of painting with epic youth
If I am not going back to sleep I might as well get up.
difference between iphone app. and the registry.The answer is iphone fans will tell you everything on iphone is better.Period.
gotta haircut
Cinderella wishes she could go to the ball, Snow White wishes for her prince charming & Ariel wishes to be human. I wish I could meet 1D
I think my Favorite band to see live is :) Who is your favorite band to see live? -Nick
Very sad to say, No. I will miss seeing everyone a ton!! Maybe next year? How are you doing??
: tues night dinner is becoming a POTLUCK at KRAEMERICA. and i believe the more the merrier. 6-10pm
Looking forward to teaching "Math in Banking" to 3 classes of Algebra students at New Berlin West tomorrow. Hope the kids are kind to me...
Pour that shit up D
whatever you say davis.
Design tip of the Day: Do you know where you are saving your files? If you don't I sure won't. Don't just hit the save button!
#sxsw12 who wants a sweet Tee??
You, too. Thanks!
Spring Break is less than 2 weeks away! What better way to get ready than $5 tan before noon at Marquette Tanning and Laundry!
Shout out to for being my 100 follower!!!
curious if you thought this was worth it? Was reading others commenting about the long wait
RT George Clooney was arrested. It's been 15 years but they finally got the bastard responsible for 'Batman & Robin'.
Former UW-Whitewater assistant coach Dick Luther plans to serve as an assistant to Skip Noon at Wisconsin Lutheran in 2012-13.
Solo Pizza now serving NYC ICY! Drop in or order online at www.solopizzanyc.com
lol, no tease... Want me? Come get me
omg. marry me? xx i want to meet you soo bad?</3
Humbled by how rusty I am at actual programming. And how much people like have to teach me. Forgot how much I loved doing this.
Ahh i meant come
1st place is amazing!!!
I messed up & I just want to take it back.
Booking shoots in PHX!!!
The #Packers are 14-1. Enough of the end-of-the-world talk. For all the bitching, you would think they are 3-12
Just want to make sure sees this RT : The last time a Duke was murdered like that it started World War I
Derek Fisher went to OKC!
listening to you via ustream! hello to you coming from million miles away :)
I wasn't watching it until I saw your tweet about them being in SD. LOL!
Attention home stagers and real estate agents - know someone who needs furniture? Refer them to us and earn while your clients save big!!
i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!
Photoshoot for complete! I hope the spread looks FABULOUS.
Men: #Dryeye is prevalent & increases with age, hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia & antidepressant use. via
Got my 2.2 update on the Droid this morning. That's great, but when is Flash going to be available?
Free the mind
I got a good one. Tuesday boozeday.. Lol or has that alrdy been said?!
Plan to engage a loose confederation of digital agency leaders for the purpose of increasing our collective knowledge.
“: Just say something like, aren't kids great?...”>>>I asked, "So what have you been up to?" lol
Glad to hear you can make it! See yon on the 31st.
what do you think Ira newbie is doing these days?
RT : The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
shit is sad... I feel bad for these bitches!!
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Pretty sure their contract brewery is in Northern Minnesota.
Austin Mahone is one of the few guys who respects girls. I admire him so much.
yeah I hope so too one of the best games ive seen I a while
I hate carrots... But if wants me to eat them, then by george I will eat them!!
I LOVE U .TANKS FOR ALL <3 u and are incredible i support jelena 4 ever.....
I wonder if it was tougher to watch for the players or the fans. Ugh.
Dude! I have to go and you're taking forever to reply ;( Hey, you just made a twitter and this is CRAZY, but here's my account
I'm throwing them into a poll of candidates! I'll pick when the official first day of summer arrives. you'd know this if you'd
Happiness is a choice
I have a library of these originals. We should have an art fair.
Understanding back pain, Part 1: NetWellness - Plain Dealer
Very Happy Mothers's Day to you Bertice...I hope you are well and enjoy a special day!
let's make Greg Stanton the next Mayor of Phoenix. Vote your early ballot.
Goats smell like shit. At least call her a kitten. LOL JK
AND the Lebron Slander has Begun... I'm done. Damn haters I tell you
All stone has a personality -- it wants to look a certain way the mineral and chemical make-up of the stone determines that.
We might go to the town tonight...... Mabey
Had my first official Austin photo day. Scouted out some spots. We'll see what happens.
Has anyone ordered anything from adorama's website? How's their shipping?
ah how exciting!!!! We all need to do something SOON!
yeah let's def try to coordinate a #bike #ride before I leave or something. Hope I can keep up with you sir speedy! :-)
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
so I hear you moved some bills down the road so it will look like we have a surplus for the election. Grandkids will pay?
49 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Life would be so much easier if I was 18 😢
Today's #vinyl buys: Hawaii, A Musical Memento of the Islands (London Records), The Waikikis: Greatest Hits from Hawaii Instrumentals (MCA)
I wish would stop adding to their menu... I am going to need another job to support my habit.
Woke up this morning to find out that my truck was broken into and all my stuff was stolen. Not a good way to start the day.
I wish valerie was a boy...id so date her ass
Glad to help get you through the shift :) RT : Jamming to some on Ustream at work...
I want to go to there. Curse you final week of school. RT Who's headed to Meadhall tonight?
super stoked for tonight at ! and can't forget I finally get to see !
I like that!
how's it hanging bro
A smile = A beautiful thing.
Need to learn more about the saturn return
If anyone wants me to make them a vector JusteLove State icon, @ reply me!
beautifull day!!!!..a beautifull Tuesday!!!!..have a great one!!!
Back in the states. Thank you Italy for an amazing trip.
Who's rockin Chambers tonight? None other than special guest (Oakland Faders)!
Yeah Friday & 3day weekend! We have some fun stuff to do this weekend. Shopping for new car, taste of Cincinnati, and trip to Jungle Jims.
She smelled fear on me. Lol 2 big 2 be that scary. RT": #OOMF WAS SCARED OF MY LIL DOG, LOL! TOO FUNNY..."
Lots of fun
