We can't wait to see you tonight at our annual "Name that Tune" benefit at the historic Hudson Theater! Will you... fb.me/TCKyVrts
In line to see I really hope they play identity crisis, burn the fleet, and Phoenix ignition
I don't no. He makes an image of himself to look cool but really he's a good person.. I think.. lol
Cubs v Brewers tonight! A second sweep in the future? um we think yes. So sorry Astros.
#amwriting RT "You don’t need anyone’s permission to be a writer. You have to give yourself permission."
lost the crab shuffle....
Congrats MT: Former U.S. Sen. Jim Bunning and Endorse for Congress.
What...a...game
I second that emotion! RT : The new album is so good! #MovingUpLivingDown! Buy it on !
my followers are winning.. that means one in paticular
Great Donald Driver piece!!! Love the Amber Noggle Backstage pass!!!
whale i hate them. i am excited to leave.
You're very welcome (:
Today was a Waterworld kind of day
Hmu new to Twitter
If complete debacle of this GOP congress doesn't convince people they need to stop voting Republican, nothing will. (G)rifters(O)n(P)olicy
#cantlivewithout other people
I give a fuck cause Orlando got it this year they are unstoppable
my cousins jus spit some knowledge an love to me..
See you soon!! Can't wait to meet Jack!
that's hipster doofus to you :-)
watching the MAC championship.
ORIOLES MAGIC!!!!!
You're welcome Molly A rich experience...intentional pun?
Damn, its gonna be a long day for the Bears smh
What was stolen from it?
Tht was all becuz of the ump. CC struck out Jackson.
thought you'd like it!
...yo bro. wus good with you?? Hey are you able to record over there? i got a joint i need your flavor on...lemme know!!
#reasonsyougetstabbed not sharing cookies.
10 more followers! Anyone want to help?
Good luck
Going to Pink Floyd LaserSpectacular tonight ? Valet park with us & stop in before or after the show for drinks or dinner.
excellent news!
IF OKC BIG MAN DONT SLOW DOWN LA. BIG MAN THEN THAT MIGHT BE A PROBLEM.
it's all good, I fell outta my seat at the bar in Fridays the other day and I wasn't even drunk yet ;)
you know I'll make the Seattle trip :)
Thanks Jeannie for making the connection. , Pamela, happy to know you.
Looking forward to the branded documentary panel about to begin
2 all beef patties special sauce lettuce cheese all topped on a sesame bun... SHE GOT THAT camel toe!!!
Wow! Really glad I didn't buy tickets to that show I've been DYING to see right when I got yesterday's hot casting announcement.... 1/2
i know! Lmao I dont usually look to that side d: lol
Everyday is the same shit, but when I look back shit different now
Watching ANCHORMAN. Because it is full of hilarity.
Breyer just walked by me twice! #celebsiting!
The more important a project is to your soul's evolution, the more you'll resist it. via
": Friendship is like a BOOK. It takes few seconds to burn it, but it takes years to write it."
Way to go barry!
Grooving to . Just realized they aren't "the meerkats."
whatcha up to this fine Saturday?
you bet. I appreciate ur kindness very much!
and only has 1/3 of the angels with him. the other 2/3 are still good
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Eat more garlic. Garlic’s anti-fungal properties are excellent for reducing fungal infections, such as yeast infections.
#educomm back to morning panel's point, higher Ed currently is highly human capital intensive, thus keeping up the costs
send more info. Sounds good!
Ah! I can't believe it's done! Congrats Kays!! #KaysleeEP <3
oh that's awesome, my friend took that at SDSU...or something like that lol...it sounded really interesting!
Change "I could" to "I can"
Awesome, just awesome, for Rosie Napravnik.
Refrained from complaining on social media...but yesterday my mom had food poisoning...now my sinuses are jacked up. #ENOUGH!
Hey there! I do follow you. :) Please feel free to message me your question. :)
Oh and Idk why but I have had people ask on here, Facebook and school if I have a boyfriend. The answer is No! I'm
Prepping for epic weekend of shooting.
tune in to NBC News at noon to watch us talk about our new #MADD RIDE program!
President Obama endorses the right of same-sex couples to marry.
I don't know about all that ! Lol
Bo Xilai Said to Have Spied on Top China Officials Bo Xilai was toppled amid accusations that his wife arranged the killing of a British
did you see mine? ;)
Today I messed up but tomorrow is another chance to do it the right way ...
such a gorgeous post today, lady!
Omg my belly button is all the way out..smh
Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
Maxed out.... Let's run off to Jamaica. :--)
I cannot wait to see 21 Jump Street... Looks hilarious!
You N Luscious
Sometimes you have to walk out a situation with a Hurt so you never look back or think twice.
THEYRE SINGING STEREO HEARTS ON GLEE. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG <3333333333333333333333333
Take your vitamins! If you eat constantly on the run to save time, take vitamins to avoid potential slumps in energy.
iPhone 4S now in hand. Wonderful technology and speed but screen size too small. I couldn't wait any longer to ditch the 3 and wait for the…
Gonna go on adventures today!
So that was the opposite of Jim Joyce
Then I guess it's up to new grads to "make room"?
been changing soo much like realli im done with the BS im done with the lyeing, done with the childish games need gods strength to help me
My bi-partisan outreach: Please consider voting for my sisinlaw Jennifer Scragg Karr, #WV state senate, #democrat #putnam county.
have a great trip it's a beautiful place
ohh I like "as if". I'm a fan of "for sure" too!
WRONG! a true alcoholic doesn't call in anywhere, I either just sleep more or wake up drinking haha, NO BOSSES!!!
Folks who never do any more than they get paid for, never get paid for any more than they do. -Elbert Hubbard
Nothing Like the Andes Candy #TEA that’s coming to #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE
Are you at mall today? Get a #FREE #MASSAGES from at the FREE #health & #fitness expo! Visit our booth!
YOOO FOLLOW FIRST ONE TO FOLLOW THEM I WILL GIVE THEM A FOLLOWER AND SHOUTOUT
ill be there in 3... Hrs
Thanks so much. We appreciate the support so much! -THE PICKLE crew
For its a-peel?
* soccer , THIS. RFT “: Why am I feeling so empty? I don't care about shit anymore. I can't even turn to basketball anymore.
Girls with tattoos and body modifications>
I LOVE the OCEAN!!! When we were kids, My grandparents brought us to vacation by the beach in Misquamicut, RI every summer!
haha yeah we can't make another video for a couple months. sorry!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you don't get too much snow up your way tonight/tomorrow!
No air.. On the cut. Memories of the concert.
wishes XPN existed in DC. WDYT?(what do you think?)
Happy Hour 2-7pm with a great all red wine tasting all day. Enjoy the roasted bar nuts or Gorgonzola & honey Crostini too.
Does anyone know if Hargrove signing official? Can't find any info on PFT...
After a seesaw battle with several lead changes, Monona Grove loses at home: Oregon 10, MG 9.
Now you're talking! Me too....
Debating listening to 's "Neck of the Woods" album now, or waiting and being in awe of amazement when it comes out next week…hmm.
I am stronger than I expected...
Don't quote me on what I said last night.
didn't #obama speak in support of Kerry at the 2004 Dem Convention?
that's awesome!!!!
That's one hot chick (hahaha... anyone? nobody?... nevermind then, carry on) RT : what happens if I put a Peep in my coffee?
let's scalp them again on the #pitch with a
He was HOT in this movie; I will fight anyone who says different. Broken bottles at 20 paces, muthuhfuckuhs! I will defend his blong honor!
Wish today was Friday -.- but more importantly, wish today was June 9th (summer)
": I'm pretty sure he does." Hope so. Not best way 4 pro athlete 2 travel. Nobody cares, until u get hurt.
It's amazing how many people you can manipulate through twitter. Or maybe they are maninpulating me ,. Jesus, who spells anymore.
belated thx for the RT of our commencement speakers. Once an Eagle...
Thanks for following I do hope you realize THIS #FortMyer is in VIRGINIA www.Historic-FortMyer.com
I still can't get over how awesome the Miranda Lambert concert was last night.
RT Moretti is my prose hero.
Herbalists consider peppermint a balancing herb: it revs a weary head meanwhile calms jittery nerves. Drink up some balance today!
are you talking about yourself ? Because she is dull and dead
#2011icf Finally, a short Starbucks line! I guess all the wkndrs have gone home...
Anyone have any cool citizen diplomacy things going on that we should know about it? Please let us know
R.I.P Whitney Houston
RocLyfe Ent. has teamed with Interrobang Films....set to film Living the RocLyfe. Slated for early 2012...stay tuned for details
I hate the fact that i wasted so much time on you :(
#BadBoardgameMovies Monopoly: help Uncle Pennybags break out of jail
RT : Pray for one another. Just be willing to be part of the answer to that prayer.
"I just wanna throw my phone away." (singing katy perry=) "this is the part of me that your never gonna take away from me no!."
New fund to help with disasters
My car died on my 4 times. Won't make it to class. Tell Megan sorry for me.
If you were injured in an accident, you want an attorney who has the experience and dedication to fight for the compensation you deserve.
Helltown Idle Hands double IPA, Voodoo White Magic of the Sun on draft. Lavery La Bealtaine in bottle & draft going on tomorrow. Blue Sunday
Gonna try! "good luck w/ tunehopper at sxsw. it is musicfest 1st after all :)"
RT : Mornin' Friends! 2day's a little cooler @ 52°F. #snowshoe rentals r available 2day. Come enjoy a relaxing Sunday in...
thanks! I'm in grand company.
I love rock and roll, put another time in the jukebox baby!
Howard is on hour 16. What do you have?
and BSPN is just thrilled about the Spurs losing, RIGHT?
Yeah, #WTF?!? RT via : wht's w/ all the #Spambots lately? I follow a few gd ppl & I get spammed back?!?! #HowsThatWork?
SORRY PEOPLE. HAVENT BEEN ON THIS FOR A WHILE. (in my dormroom... <3 )
Aw hells yes! We got some drinking to do!
Just one more reminder in case you need it.... Call Your Mother!!!!!
Among the things Gary will be covering is race psychology. Who better in the history of the sport?
she always put a smile on my face
RT : my daughter on being told that the item in the case was dinosaur poo "Yes but why did it do it in there?"
Here s his twitter , I will check with him today on our timeline with you. Thanks for reaching out!
Right now and in every now-moment, you�re either closing or opening, stressfully waiting for something-more money, security or affection
I have the most amazingly diverse group of followers! Thank you for honoring me with your follow.
Our #newplay initiative #newTACTics is deep in reading for our 2012 fest + each script we read refines our aesthetic criteria.
guys join my live chat! it would mean the world if you did.
Dazed & Confused is one of the few films that I wish I was a character in. One of the best high school movies ever!
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities. The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life
Do yall think if a woman has problems with her father she will always have problems with men???
Not sure what to do after work? Cardio Kickboxing is at 5pm- Jab, punch, kick & sweat!!
Its worse when i get there in morningRT : they were talking about the producers office always being a mess
But my aardvark is massive.
Just booked my trip back to the west coast. Should be a good time...
Think Bryce Harper is young? Player who just subbed in for Kuyt on #Liverpool is 17 years old.
Bitches Never Have Snacks iN This House ^.^
About to go in this music meeting.. Then going to the club its about to go down!!
Believe it or not that is plan to be next month phrase
Regardless of who owns whom, the smugness of GOP ldrship really is starting to chafe.
I love your new hair color :)
Good Morning xx
absolutely! Never thought I'd say I miss John Madden and his yellow pen, but... Yeah.
When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
I said I'm feeling good but she feeling great
... how baby boy
Phantom of the Opera <3
Organic cranberry green tea is - so delicious!
Just returned 88 bottles of for #recycling to of ! Yeah buddy, Love that stuff!!
Tonight No Strategy and Punch & Fade will be on the main floor serving you funky crunchy beats to keep you moving all night long!
Research: another audience is policymakers, whose definition of "quality" might be different
I LOVE Ed Reed but I wish he liked to tackle as much as he likes to talk. Stop pretending to retire every year!
brb flying threw the sky in a magic car with music
Twitter spam from DeFelice, stop looking at elderporn.
Step 2: Don't forget to factor in bank fees and noncash cost like depreciation expenses. (Paul Konigstein)
Truly amazing RT RT : Nice timeline touchscreen prototype from Cleveland - anxious to see this!
This child is so upset. I feel horrible. He's mourning the loss of his smore.
Sparkling/Glistening snowflakes.
I thought it was great. Steve Buscemi doing anything sexual makes think of those super uncomfortable scenes in Ghost World.
Hey tweeples. I'll be performing @ the Hard Rock Cafe in downtown Baltimore tonight from 9-1pm. Gonna rock out and have a blast.
SD! director has decided to join the land of the living and start Tweeting! Follow him today. It'll make him feel good.
OH MY GOD CHRISTINA DO YOU NOT HEAR THE THINGS YOU SING?! Don't even say Tony's lyrics were inappropriate...
hahaha look at my cover photo on fb
Like to shop? how about getting paid and winning prizes for buying the items you are already buying? Well that is what LUCKeSHOPPER will do!
#GirlsShould stop assuming all guys are the same. Cause were not
yes we're "across the pond" too bad the Concord isn't flying any more, you could make it here to enjoy the great show and weather
Music to my ears!
good times in math class.
Why do you Tweet, gentle reader?
Glad you had a great new Startup Oriented meeting yesterday
Thought it would never get here:
can't wait to visit Texas - can I come?
sure, I'll follow them (:
You won a limited edition t-shirt! Simply tell our host your name to redeem at your next visit.
Gave up my blackberry but a good friend just turns his phone upside down when he gets flip on brick breaker. Is that cheating?
Daytona here we come!!
Happy First Day Of Spring!!!!
thanks! Merry Xmas. Keep new york classy.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE (TONIGHT) OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE! YEAH!!!!
Jen in San Diego. PR consultant. 18+ years in the biz.
:( RT : So long old friend. closed its doors today. Lucky visitors signed the wall - which will return real soon....
free #ebook friday; free copy of my #sales ebook all day-- just ask!
Check out our Visual Conference Twitter feed
"Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men -- the other 999 follow women."
Florida's William Dean Chocolates NY's , available now at the Chocolate Library, 111 St. Marks Place, East Village.
Lord, I'm not what I might be Nor am I what I hope to be, But I'm not what I used to be And, by the grace of God, I am what I am.
when u recording dat rich forever.....i wanna get on dat
“: #AustinShowUsYourSmile Tweet it me and i'll RT it soo we can make it TT ♥”
RT : St. Patrick’s Day Weekend DWI Checkpoint: Celebrate St. Patrick's Day safely and responsibly, for city and count......
GOOD LUCK KIDRAUHL
I'll bet you I don't get a single vote here. But that's OK because the honor is in participating.
and I care why
I just planned 3 of my friends weddings. None of them are engaged. I have a problem.
Not at all! Thanks for checking us out!
Hahah is a hoot!
Susan Taylor-Leduc on 19th century market gardens in Paris.
enjoyed your segment. He was truly the king.
We believe in giving back to the industry by supporting organizations who share our mission and passion to help those who are most in need.
Your approach to the Braun situation - and your decision to boo him - cements your status as a pathetic human being
Hey lady! Who do I need to contact for Jazz & Jokes bookings?
Wow, that was pretty excellent, Kristina! #cutetoo :)
Just chilling In Madison IN for the day, I wish my bro could be here too!
Thanks for sharing! Hope all is well in Winnipeg!
I hope I didn't offend! When I started my modeling agency my church leader was aloof... And was away from me
Rome... Rome? Man Killed By Grizzly Bear At Yellowstone Park n.pr/njLinr
Haven't even packed.
lol see I knew I liked you for a reason 
Solid half from these young Cats. Let's close it out.
i was saying hope it don"t hurt. is kind of intimidating be hooked to whole world. is a big worl out there...please be nice... follow
ATTN: all unsigned rappers, producers,singers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED "We GOT work!"
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." — Charles Bukowski
So sad about all my North Carolina friends who can't get funding for SAA this year. Will tip out a little for them at the SILS mixer. Snif.
don't want to be the first one. I want to be the only one<3"
Is it too early to get excited about St. Patrick's Day?
Love gagas tribute to brit!! R they gonna make out??
I told the flu to flee. It listened beautifully.
I've missed 17 days this school year... 11 of them just in this semester. Lol whoops
you fancy huh?
Had a very successful photo shoot today, updates to come...
Are dentists required to give you a mini guilt trip when your kid has a cavity?
that's wassup! I'm ready!
Safe trip, honey! See you in NYC when you return.
cute is your word for life lol
I have future business plans for Atlanta.
Interested in learning more about Business As Missions? Thursday night awesome panel will discuss bit.ly/gv43gK
lol I lost the battle too. Just woke up and ready to hit the books again. Get some rest!!
'I STILL LOVE YOU' ye right,hahahahahaha
My peace of mind has been restored #finally ❤☺
sorry I am just seeing this..thank you..I may be a little past your age range..
Fuck you and fuck her too
Congrats to Randy Nicholson of Chicago for sending in the BoardWalk pic that won him 50% off his 5 day scooter rental.More ahead stay tuned!
bro busted ass!!! Hahaha
Out of the ghetto, jk #goodtimes in Placid
It's easy to identify the commercial real estate developers hanging out by their pushiness and nasty attitudes of entitlement
just came back a school dance and it was GREAT (:
I know where the complaining IU fans have gone....to the store to buy their Pacers stuff.
Follow and she wil follow u back ;)thanxzzz so much
Happy Friday Beer Bellies! We're drinking Highwater Cherry Sour. What are you drinking?
Thank you. I'm utilizing my "talents" to promote a very worthy cause.
There is way to much on my mind right now and i just dont know anymore!
Congrats on the TEDx!!!
I LOVE YOU (:
to buy? cause these were for sale.
I've been to California quite a bit and meet people, you know. Yeah, , I've met Ebsen. He's nothing like Jed Clampett.
awe thank you!
I've been sucking on the blog lately, hard to keep the passion for a 100 loss team in January. I shall return.
Saturday detention and Grease rehearsals today.
Happy #Resurrection #Sunday! +++
do you know who its from?
If the Supreme Court strikes down Obama's health care legislation, my boyfriend will lose his job.
If this keeps up, I'm going to bat 1000 on my bracket today! YES!
I was a horrible student... wondering now, what is the point of a book a report? were they just policing to see if we read the book?
haha thanks Kim!
The Real Housewives Of Craigs List. Episode 1 the personals section gets officially removed so we use the rents section and talk in code.
i had a random ass dream last night that i met at MY concert?
Please tell us what you thought.
I know
About to see #Wicked at DCPA. I haven't seen it before.
hey could you ask him if he could read my story?
Tried making a comical drinking photo in reply. Too many takes, drank the entire can. Night just got a whole lot more interesting.
Mantra for 2012: "Decadence; treat yourself!" Thanks, DJNick
Charging iPad and Kindle for intermittent power blackout
think the correct pronoun there would be "we" q-:
“: Being trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.”
Oh, I forgot to mention, Dionysia on the roof is FREE!
Who was the first woman to be ordained by the AME Zion Church? visit www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
Metal Mafia Family Reunion is a month away in New Marshfield, OH. We got tix CHEAP, start planning now to camp!
you're so freaking nerdy, get a life.
#IfICouldIWould fly to Jamaica and get some real Authentic JERK chicken and then fly back Home.
They've said it all along: POTUS One-term! The GOP will stoop to the dredges of the earth to cheat, lie & steal!Christians?
what happened?!?
I sure did :( x
Buenos Dias :)) You should have a Cherimoya for breakfast.
I don't have a theme for After Lunch tomorrow. If you have a request or a theme idea (make it upbeat - very important!) I'm all ears.
grilled fish tonight...simple with salt, pepper, butter (reduced white wine, butter & garlic) and minted peas. NZ sauvignon blanc- all good
WHITNEY: A "real singer" (no auto-tunes) succeeded w/o having to dress/dance half naked on stage! DIVA! No Nikki Minaj/Lady Gaga gimmicks!
Best part of Thunder at kingfish today?? Inside seating while it's still crappy outside!!
u ppl gone be there tonight right????
Loving the Queen songs tonight on #americanidol!
Just read the entire "fight" that and got into with some girl....
RT : 4th and forever come on tonight!!
Man what's up with me seeing police so much lately?
absolutely! We have new lunch and dinner menus with the addition of an awesome Friday Fish Fry, hope to see you soon!
I want a country boy
Kris Allen's song was better and it's not even on the itunes top 400
Beautiful RT : Women need to use their power for good. Do you know how important you are? ©
Hey Keith! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Why can't I watch iCarly on On Demand? What IS Comcast good for? ..other than ripping us off and providing horrible service :(
Great practice today! Can't wait to be playing shows for you guys soon!
Will you consider reading Ed Klein's book? He was just on the Rusty Humphries Show. Author of the book "The Amateur"....
What's up with the power outage. 1.4 million without power and quite a mess from LA through BAJA Mexico, Thinking this should be NEWS
I kinda thought it was Alexis Texas
Don't come running to me when he breaks your heart bc he is just using you. I'm right.
ahaha I'm down. My orig in the email
#community - I cried during 'About A Boy' (pause) The Soundtrack. I don't wash my hands before a surgery.
thank you soo much!
Tomo night 4-7 @ La Fitness Clwtr, Steve walking 3 hrs on treadmill for charity any of Ur listeners get to workout free during
Brothers! We will be tailgateing today before the game! Come grab some free soda, burgers and hot dogs!
1 more illustration to go for my second children's book (and some tweaks) Anxious to see it printed in April.
I take that back, Kid Icarus is a pain in the ass to play holding the 3DS. Using the stand is more tolerable, but defeats the portability
Why do I think that George Lucas has a little people fetish?
you tell me Ab !!
Disney Channel Zac and Cody at De Rodriguez Cuba
cuz you have sausage fingers! Lol
Followers we need them please
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 8
Thank you so much to all my new followers #BillsMafia :D I'm going to follow back
I want some donuuuutss
chinesse food #boom!
Baltimore Love Project is looking for someone to coordinate merchandise sales (commission based opp) email
#SOTU...are you watching?
girl, we feel you!
Oh my gosh you're brother is special!
why yes! we are in the midst of a complete redesign/overhaul and such. more cool stuff will be up soon.
i had not heard of this film. but thank you so much for introducing me to it! i cannot wait to watch it!! thank you!! <3
Hey boys do you think Ryan Grant ends up on an NFL Roster this year?
Nicki looked like a straight up white chick in that video ...Shez still fine though
I hope everyone had a great Mothers day! :)
Wow they are opening Alamo drafthouses everywhere
Q1 I like NYPL and BPL. The Queens website has those keyword explosions that I'm not so good with.
Follow the hashtag #givebackdetroit for different ways you can give back this holiday season!
"Chronicle" Director Josh Trank in Talks For Sony’s "Venom" Director Josh Trank, whose low-budget found-footage superpower film "Chronicl
Money Saving Tip #28: When shopping for standard items (clothes, sports equipment, older games, etc.), start by shopping used.
Alright i see all over my timeline and I'm sick if it... is fuckin right...Godsgirl sheod be called devilsgirl
why, did they cancel it?
I think that's because doesn't make it easy to find contact info.
Shit....we have a paradox.
classy classy. and ethical, too, i might add.
Why are the police blocking T St in front of the Hilton? Really jamming up traffic on Florida.
“: u ruined it for the West coast smh” LOL! hope you get to still watch it, response was emotional
would u mind reading my bls I only hav 1 chapter so far but I wanted to know what u thought! Pls give me your imput!!! Thx
Getting out of bed this morning is of no interest to me. I'm just sure that means tweeting about it will help.
too late I'm at school but that would come in clutch lmao I'm hungry af
A mother loves her children even when they least deserve to be loved. - Kate Samperi
Happy Monday morning!
Just landed. This weather is amazing. It rained for a week in SF. Feels food to almost be home :)
We are playing with Six Feet Under in June!!! Lookin foward to seein you there. More info to come!!
Most definitely.
Happy first day of Spring everyone!
All month long, check in at 7-Eleven using the Slurpee iPhone or Android app and you'll score some thunderous Thor and Slurpee prizes!
I'm slowly realizing that some of the most popular love songs really aren't good at all. In fact, I really don't care for love songs.
lmaooo omg he said that shit like 15 times that night 😒
I deleted that tweet because I'm not into the anti-ableism community enough to tweet like that.
This is what happens when you keep FAITH
My baby in jail an I'm missing him like crazy... Oh but when he here out the sex is gone be BANANAS!!!
do you eat fish at all?
its official yay
I think slash is sexy
Full disclosure: I backed out of doing something today that probably would've been good to do. Remind me of this should I whine about it.
huh? What's dome?
: I aint going to school but thanks anyway .
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow ~ Swedish Proverb
Chappppy looking dapper out there! Whata catch!
You're the best PG in the league right now, don't stress the loss too bad. You left it all out on the floor bro. Bravo.
Okay, it's time to get out to my workshop and finish a custom pendant. I don't have much energy this morning - hope it perks me up.
My people call themJerusalem cruisers
: Oh no no no. Marshall can't love Mary... not like that, no. RT if you're an
you're sexy
Ouch! So that's why they say "let cool in microwave for 1-2 minutes after cooking".
Aw, you saw FOS BEAU! Best 2002 in the city.
haha i'm never going to want to come back fridays. ever. it's bad.
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!! Pleasee
RT : has a gr8 blog #PublicDiplomacy, Branding, and the differences in USC Center on |...
ooh I'm seeing some good answers!
Miltary Helicopter flying low over the railroad yard in Reading today!
My 1000 tweet has to be a good one hm
lol it's Gucci , no need to load! Just show em if they be ugly lmfao
My heart goes out to the children who have lost a mom or dad. And, spouses who must stand strong.
RT : Yay!! New 5 star review on Amazon UK today - "...literally could not put it down." An Unfamiliar Murder...
Happy Fathers Day - tickets for The Texas Testosterone Festival now on sale!!!
I don't give a shit who's Nana you are... keep giving me that stick-eye old lady & I am gonna punch your fucking lights out!
on reply msgs they are unnecessary. wish gmail gave me that option in my settings.
Used 1800$ n credit with #UnitedAirlines yesterday 2 book flights Called back today to confirm n suddenly they have no record of any credits
Do it!!! That'd be awesome!! You should definitely ask her:)
U Did now u could call me Lol
I did 11 times! RT Hey Vegas! Plz vote for my friend he did an amazing job on DWTS tonight! Call 1-800-868-3401
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience/love with Diet Coke? Ping back for more info! :-)
sure make to follow back please
Just disperse of the trash; Don't let your nerves crash.
Hey! You going in today! What's going on with you? What you been up 2? Stop cussing people out, lol :-)
Would have rather gone to the X Games though...
Tiger blood RT : Got 2 lick my wounds after drilled the gamewinner on me..While poppin mad ish the whole time
Anyone want to go to jazzfest in NOLA with me?!
uggh too many cashews
This morning in church - QEII lookalike in a flowered hat giving noisy kids a DEATH GLARE.
I will always look behind the shower curtain before I pee. no matter what!!!
i can't belive that my school years are almost over. wow.
Congrats, doe. Does this mean I have an in for a weekly Bucks/Brewers column (rant)!?
i am so glad my mom is home, now i have food when i get home from school
Sheriff Carter on Eureka has become one of my all-time favorite television characters. Written and acted so well.
Robert F. Brands: Innovation: 3M's Lessons to Be Learned: 3M takes a long-term approach to the new product development process by cre...
the main thing i learned this week was timing is everything
hahaha true classic
so great!
Remind me to remember to forget.
what's your favorite song to perform on stage?? :)
Where was the exit? Where are we?
I use to be The Happiest Girl...
So with phone sex do you moan?
Im a lazty azz, im 5 min away from everything still dont feel like goin to the store diiizaaam
nothin much chillin bout to head out to class
All these UNLV fans at the arena crying are hilarious
Watch all of Sky Sports' Heineken Cup games online complete with facts, stats ... - SkySports
Happy Birthday!
yeahh ik ik. its annoying. people did it to IU this year too. i went through season tickets of 6 win seasons. ohh well!
Been in this house for 6 months and I still find more things to toss out an reorganize. 600 sq ft is not enough for 2 people!
We're at The Wood Shed in Adair, OK. There is a man with real cowboy boots on. With tassles and everything. Awesome.
all sunglasses gone! hope to see them on the front lawn tomorrow!
I am such a fan, but seems like this season, people are just sleep walking through this. Kinda boring
is as respectful as it gets.
Happy 4th! Remember the reasons we celebrate today, & be thankful to live in this great country! God Bless America!
I'm lost in a world of complete darkness, a shadow will only apear if I believe there is light some where in the future... I don't see i ...
what's good with some PSG gear my dude?!
<----- need followers. Help me pls
Though, I think the .ly that will truly change my life forever will be visual.ly - have you checked them out?
well well well how bout u drive ur definitely aren't far
hhahaha! they are horrible.. my grandparents are going to Canada for a month i find that totally innapropiate.<3
I am going to achieve my dreams and goals, and with the support and love from people like you i can make this happen. <3
Slept through all the Sunday Majors, but I'm gonna shock and awe my tired opponents in an evening set of tourneys.
Hi October 2011, nice to meet you.
I can remember all of my teachers from Kindergarten to 12th grade. CAN YOU?
meet - IXDA Baltimore may be looking for meetup locations too.
"A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her."-W.C. Fields
watching The Layover with
I resolve to not say "Happy Holidays." I'll say "Merry Christmas", "Seasons Greetings" or even "Have a great Holiday Season". But HH is out!
My friend used to hide her trashy novels in jackets from other books!
RT : Any woman who thinks diamonds are a girl's best friend never had a dog. - Kathryn Funchess
Yes, Jamie and I were watching together. Have a safe trip down to the Ville.
Guess I'm not going to prom anymore...
thanks baby. Have yourself a blessed day hunny. Mwah x
i want
your soo cute :) You and your sister look the same :)
- They should concentrate on what's important for the children than trying to Race to the Top for grants.
Worked with AECP programs in California and New York this past week - uplifting to see the progress throughout the USA for AE students!
Happy New Year! 2012 marks Charlottesville's 250th anniversary. For details, check out !
Bella thorne is flawless!!
Wanted to go to the party with my posse but i just might go to fox hollow and see my people at this baby shower :)
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." -John Wooden
Let's play! I'm stuck here too!
not yet, but we'll definitely put it on the list of potential features to develop! thanks for the feedback man, spread the word
I really forgot
At So say we all at whistlestopbar ....words and banjoes
Did you know? The Film Term: "adjustment" is a bump in pay given to a stuntperson for performing a particularly complex or dangerous stunt.
To Banish Belly Fat, Keep Moving | FYI BeHealthy
You make me wanna smile. You make me wanna laugh. You make me wanna live life 2 its fullest but that's all in my dreams that I hope come tru
Are you at the #AAPC Welcome Reception? How are the Mixpotinis? Be sure to scan our custom QR code & enter to win an iPad!
I am ready for gin, wings and baseball.
i'm so full. uggggggggghhh
Giveaway! Dark Inside by Jeyn Roberts. Follow me and retweet for a chance to win the book. Second in this great YA series out this fall.
getting my hair highlighted and with my mom 💗💗💗
I swear ppl in Kentucky are politically retarded..
bunch of random facts
I'm getting the be iconic street wear sweatpants <3 All I need is vlados! Ugh they needa add smaller sizes like a 3 or 4 -__-
Yum, coffee & breakfast? Check! Let the rest of the day begin :)
Finally got mah charger back been using some crappy one :P
Does anyone have any thoughts about investing in residential properties in the Detroit area? (not the ghetto areas)
Me a month ago is not me a month from today.
Join us for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup! Kick off is 10 a.m. at 1501 N. Bethel St.
everyone is so much more annoying on mondays.
I did not, but we have Tons of Polaroids in the archives!
Happy April Everyone! I got a feeling it's gonna be a good month!!!
Awesome! My safeway sells venus fly traps :)
The sun ain't the only thing that is coming up ;)
girl you will :) and *cough**cough* I'm out of construction paper so . Computer paper with Orange writing ok ???? :D
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
watching 'Kontroll' actually makes Budapest look fun. dirty fun. everybody is spitting.
@ wear your best because I have a few fellas in mind ;)
RT : Cloud Expo® Session | VP on “Making Hybrid #Cloud Safe” at NY (June 11-14) ▸...
Unapologetically asking to follow my TL because she should.
Right behind home plate tonight!! Go sox!
the songs AMAZING &' i bet the video will be too ! Love it . So does my teacher &' class . (:
Let there be HOUSE MUSIC! RT : can't wait to see this week for #SpringBreak2012 !!!!!
Catch a can canner canning a can as he does the cancan, amd you've caught a can-canning can-canning can canner!
! I can't use Panda Cloud because I can't get Norton to uninstall. Does anyone else have this problem? Please RT I need help.
cool. That actually worked. Now what do I do about the toothpaste smell?
Anyone else terrified of the future?
Spoken like the narrow mind son of privilege you are¡
Why is the Apple site so slow?
Whats up Nate!! Much respect. I wanted to know if you ever thought about buying some Sonics? I aim to be a GM.
damn, I can't see it on my crap phone. Gotta wait til I get to a real computer.
400 Stars on Cut The Rope. Yay. TOY BOX TIME. Yes, this is how I spend the last day of my summer.
don't be afraid! bromances have lead to amazing discoveries! Lewis & Clark, Kanye & JayZ... right ?
I am so pissed! I already bought an argonauts Tebow #666 jersey!
Plase pick and ! They are huge Arianators!(: They love her along with me! We each entered!(:
Feeling mostly better, and going back to work today. Except that I can't find my keys! It's making me crazy.
Yes, referrals please! How often do you have to maintain?
Maybe I'll come by afterwards? Or could meet you both somewhere afterwards wherever u plan to be :)
no problem :)
Are you craving a nice big juicy burger? Fox Sports Grill has the best burger in town! Come join us!! We are open at 11am everyday.
Such a great syllabus! :)
Seeking the FITC spotlight
Roseanne looks so awake. Thanks bec.
Wasn't that invented in San Francisco in the 80's?
I did a private with no plan, a state with no plan, then another state (Fredonia) w/ no plan but fell into one. Stupid me.
“: #DWCdc students to Nat. Zoo or Eastern Market, Potomac Cruise tonight. Projects screen Friday @ 9 AM. audiscover.org”
Sippin nor drinkin RT are u drinking moonshine today?
My body. I may think it mine to wear as I wish. More importantly, it belongs to God, and God has designs on it. 1 Corinthians 6:12-20
[golf clap]
Can I sing in the shower with ya?....
If a world map was put in front of you at this second, how many of you would be able to point out where Afghanistan is? Yeah, that's sad.
Final backstage pass winner for #Extremereunion Twitter contest is Cross_Rhodes @ SpicolliDreamer. You have 24 hours to email directly here
the safehouse is awesome, you have to go! But do you know the pass word? I do.
I know I'm pathetic and sickly with things. But at least I sneaked in my room undetected. Now I wait for morning.
I'm not that cool but I recently took up needle point so that's something...
Jennings just got burnt on d. By jordan farmar!!?
aww I miss you more love bug
It's been a good day
"Mind Your Business" Episode 7 Interview with KnightHorst Shredding's Matthew Evans
Mavs Game Alert: "Mavs Return to the Hardwood vs. [REDACTED] and the Jazz at 7:30 p.m. TONIGHT!"
u still at the airport?
Insane robots and animals are gonna eat you!!! Old people crazy as hell
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
"The middle is where you get embarassed in front of the prom qweens." -Carlos Irwin Estevez
Trying Twitter again. Hm.
I second that, Cathy.
What you call #comfortclothes, I call #cookiepants :-)
That's a shame! So lovely and full of culture. You gotta get there!
I've finished mastering the commercial, so now I just hope they like it. I've heard it a million times...I think that hurt me...
RT : [BREAKING]: #MD signs #HomeVisiting Accountability Act to fund evidence-based programs for kids, families
science says love is the mental addiction of seeing the same person on multiple occasions, hm
DAMN.....FUGG YALL DOING?? ITS WEDNESDAY MORNING 👀 RT : Yes RT : AM I THE ONLY #Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
these have no manners ..:-)
i think there is a wormhole in my brain.
jackass moves. If this is a character, fine. If this is his "evolution", then don't go on letterman and be a little bitch.
a very good point :) *slinks off in shame*
She say give her that painful pleasure ..."it hurts so Gud"
Portico is geared up for ASTD #TK11 this week in beautiful San Jose, CA! Come by and visit us. We want to share our knowledge with you!
So the A+ books are good for my studying because I want to know what the inards are but I don't want to operate.
I seriously hate slow drivers! WTF.
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
great to hear back from you and i think i will have a very busy week ahead ...
- Noah and the Whale - L.I.F.E.G.O.E.S.O.N. great way to start the morning!!
shhh.... Do you know how hard it is to bury a trailer in your backyard with hand tools?
the thought of file sharing with #Facebook is HORRIFYING. i mean… you might as well just give your left testicle at that point.
I've been out for almost a year! I've done so much and you will too :)
Bawwwwwwston baby. Next stop? Reykjavik - my most random layover to date. And then London. Finally.
"Tom Brady reminds me of the Ken doll from Toy Story." lmao my hubby, quote of the season!
aww, got invited to taco tuesday, but I'm still at work.
Awesome designer run of Mamet’s Bobby Gould in Hell.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a great one lady!
MT : The election of Barack Obama has made it impossible for bigots to contain their inner racism. // Sadly I sense the same. WWJD
wow this structure is absurd
RT Saddened by the loss of the great Christopher Hitchens this morning #GodIsNotGreat // me too :-(
Confusing indeed.
cause you eat everything!! Hahaha
Birdrock, University City, Bario Logan, Santaluz and North Park. out talking to folks all over San Diego today.
Nothing like going on a date to the grocery store and the gym before work. Woo!
Today was only Tuesday wow
you can talk to me! I read all of them plus the extra books. It's been a while though. I even sent fan mail to K. A. Applegate
There's a strong theme emerging here of indep research libraries as *teaching* institutions-- important, & surprising to me
Thinking about how to be REALLY loud. : What pumps you up the most? Chants? Deafening noise?
"If fat people have more skin, doesn't that make them skinnier?"
Are the use of non-words in phonics assessments more helpful than harmful?
Thanks for the follow. Will check the website. All info I need.
Who knew it was so easy to make alcoholic drinks using a Keurig!?
eating my cereal and getting ready for the day!
Mid Century Mod #FF to
RT : #lemmeguess you wanna be in a relationship wit me but u act single. #hoesitdown #manwhoresitdown LOL
aww im sorry =/
yes it is and red
Good boy. Besides, being different than the rest of the bands on a show can be awesome.
the Gift Idea Shoppe.com is preparing to open July 2010 - unique gift ideas for any occasion
So is today the last day in black history month or does is roll over into tomorrow?
Today was a weird day half the school found out I'm single now every freakin guy is following me evrywhere o my friend got into a fight!
whiskey my mans lmao whats good
"If you're trying, you've already started out wrong - JUST BE!"
BUT I will be going out tonight. Celebrating happy birthdays. So, look out Hollywood-- I'm going out!
Incumbent Ginny Fields loses to political operative Mangan - shakes the foundation of Schaffer legacy?!?
RT Doc coming to PBS FRONTLINE on February 14th. Spread the word about this Special Valentine's Day treat.
Defying warnings from intnl. community #northkorea launches rocket. Punishment? More warnings. Way to go International community.
Tahoma = best font for taking up space.
Killer Q Custom Guitar Straps will be ready to rock soon!
Thanks for following me. I love Utah.
Agree! RT #ff Bad habits will crush u if they aren't broken!
YAY Got to see Rob Fitterman, Steven Zultanski, Brian Joseph Davis, Tao Lin, Anne Boyer, Corina Copp, Thom Donovan, John Coletti, Dana Ward
So Nice out after all the crappy rain
Bitches Around Here Don't Want Shit But A Baby Daddy And Attention
Pumped and ready for the #superbowl. Go !
Penn State Devon Still finally taken. If Bears didn't go WR in this round, he was the guy I would've thought they'd take.
hilarious. Groupon investors deserve all the bankruptcy they will eventually receive.
Syria, Bahrain and Middle East - live updates - The Guardian
I believe the Lord gave us the dignity of being "causes" last night! So thankful for ur family leading us In worship of Jesus.
Q: when? A: March 24th, 8:30am registration begins. Welcome at 9am.
-If I'm selling PDFs of my "out-of-print" #orphanwork for $0.99, having a library make it available for free zeros my revenue.
can we be friends again..
so how does it feel to be on the same show as will ferrell? :)
I missed the early bird pricing for Analytics in May. Can you help?
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
that would hurt my feelings but I already forgot what you saud
#GoTribe The Indians have the only winning record in the Central.
SAT word of the day: discursive (adj.) rambling, lacking order
ASAP rocky is decent but no need to disrespect legends... Smh
I followed and u like Asians
If I admit that it was yummy, will you make fun of me?
Just auditioned for a "Caucasian and handsome researcher who's kind of a nerd." Who knew?
Good Morning Cuz
Running class is fun!! Without running class I would of never run a marathon
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive girls wit..tattoos,pretty:eyes,hair,lips,piercings,great hygiene, not stupid, music head, swagg, potheadzz lol
Somehow can't remember after the wine wore off. Isn't that always the way.
is the most amazing person ever. i love him, greatly. he is an inspiration to me and always will be. stay strong Jey. ♥♥
Follow me?(:
Monica did a great job cooking the turkey this year and its just about done. Hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!!
Due to the events of the last two days, I'm compelled to pitch a reality show to TLC titled "Hippie Houseguest." Alternate: "Chakra & Awe."
“: Wake & Bacon” Saturday & Sunday Pretty soon whenever I want too.
mississippi what up any body wanna chill dats in more head or close by or do sumbody no sum body
My sympathies go out to you right now.
This may hurt your chances in next year's "hottest" contest.
Celtics are kicking ass right now.
Self-deprecating and sexier still?
There's a full Moon tonight. According to native American folklore it is the "Snow Moon", indeed prescient...
Thanks Zach! I'm excited and honored!
Love this - "Anthem For The Earnest" by The Bad Plus
please excuse me while I vomit my intestines out.
Tornadoes, It's the beginning of the end.
Colomarino: w/out OA, public has access to all BUT most credible information, does this make sense? former VP resch Autism Speaks
Skinny dipping no pool girl except the one between your legs I'm a fool girl
Making samples of Autumn Sunset-a fabulous blend of spices to make you feel like a cozy fire! Ask me for a sample when you see me!!
Girls say I'm smooth... Very good with words... But when I get into a relationship I can't do anything =/ I'm so awkward lol =P
“: terri?? Where you been??” where u been boo I texted u
hahaha that's so funny :p
Glad you are coming to class! If you run into any needs or ideas for class, please shoot me a message!
I hate when I spend the night at someone elses house and I wake up like 8 hours before anyone else.
made a very scientific discovery today: the lid of the coffee carafe is NOT the appendix of the coffeemaker machine...
HOW DIS YOU MAKE UR PROFILE PIC??? IT RULES!!!
Might be easier to follow convo with more structure as everyone is at different points in #chartership process??
Legit“: New Vikings LT Matt Kalil called Nick Perry, his former USC teammate, ""the best player that I've ever played against."”
Paul check out - all hits!
Why are so many parents letting their kids run stuff? I've got tutoring clients asking me to lie to students about why I'm there.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
I have seen great birdies & taken mediocre photos. I need a bigger lens.
Sherlock, baked potatoes and my babe. I love weekends with Colin.
I know I just realized I had 100+ followers :P
Publishers need to cooperate, interoperate, collaborate and standardize on APIs, for example Opensocial
Going pee with a snuggie on.
Supt says he could support flexibility on funding "specials" for schools that can proove they provided it in 2011-12 per DPI regs.
Of course I'm gonna follow ... DUH!
The darkest night is often the bridge to the brightest tomorrow! ~Rick Godwin
Brains, Genes, and You: My Discover column on the Duke Neurogenetics Study | The Loom
I'm nothing without you <\3
Two female neighbors in San Juan County are feuding. Both own dogs—one owns a few—and one's pack just killed the other's 17-year-old pet.
yeah girl! it's about time, right?!
Gonna go watch cosigned ;)
yea Aug to May
#FutureCast sticky bytes: context over containers; fulfillment key library role; resource management rather than collection development
Do you guys have any daily specials you'd like to list with us for our next issue?!
Laaan made me!!!
#OMG New year's Eve tomorrow. Who is celebrating?
Thanksgiving duck is only a few days away.
THAT MELT IN YOUR MOUTH KINDA PLEASURE. LOL
On my way to the Dome!!!!
Have about 300 pages so far, will probably start out as a series of 50 page downloads on specific topics, some of them 4 free.
Damn, the Lakers are done
#Knicks got that precious momentum heading into
Rock Band Cocktail: The "Drinking in the name of..." made w/ Hornito's Gold, Aloha Grapefruit Juice & grenadine. Now you're under Kontrol!
ouch. That's tough love.
Then we can just super-judge her parents. I made my son wait until I read them first.
APEX Kwanzaa Festival is coming soon. See events on our website.
Mark Wahlberg Beliebs in Justin Bieber’s Acting Future (VIDEO) If anyone can turn a teen pop star into a movie star, it ’s the man fo
342: Isn't it nice how really busy workdays go by so quickly? Today I'm thankful for that (and grown-up grilled cheese sandwiches!).
Waiting = the worst!
Per , next-gen app devs don't care about infrastructure; writing to #cloud platforms. PK: app infra still needs thinking through!
Corp America is driven by Microsoft, IBM, Oracle not Apple.
half of what she said lately was me thinking I was on my own account.
And I had French toast! I got my eye on you, France.
Cashing a check, paying for and picking up my computer, and then home to finish school and re load my pc.
Oh that's cool =] No problem!!
Big day. 3 interviews down 1 to go
How many times is too many.. when it comes to reheating coffee? I'm heading for the 2nd now - but it was fancy coffee not just station drip
Do not fear mistakes - there are none. Miles Davis
So I'm gunna listen to all of Gagas Cds. Starting from THE FAME!
so jealous !
My confidence matches my judgement and that all equals out to be the type of person I am..
I was talking about next Thursday. I can't this week either
creating a Twitter account...
“: Oh, you don't know how to properly use your and you're? That's because your an idiot.” LOL FAIL
Drinking never stops
Niagra falls is about to dump a shitstorm over Denton. Hide yo kids, hide yo wife
when u coming to Denver???
Sick trailer. Gonna see flick this week.
I would like to see Mitt Romney box a kangaroo. If he can't beat down a kangaroo, how can he take on terrorists in Afghanistan?
Oh Matt I'm so torn! Hope your family is enjoying winter!
Big fan of Marlon Byrd & way he played the game. Hope he excels in Boston. Excited for local, Michael Bowden as he begins his Cubs career.
Right on! [...but where have you been?! All of America already knows who got eliminated... :) ]
Be-aware DO NOT USE!!!!! They owe me $9,500
Ran a Pathfinder demo last night for the kids. I wanna do it again.
me too! RT : Need a completely absorbing, cannot look up from the page sort of book. Go!
thanks for these Emily!
Don't forget to join us tonight for our #free event- Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam at 7pm. Doors open at 6:30pm!
#MittRomneyFilms Gold Fingers
Happy you discovered something in session on finding "and" in your brand.
so this is the 2nd morning in a row that I've heard That song with that high pitched singer you showed me LOL
Hi, you tweeted abt Kickstarter. Interested in learning more abt how others use kickstarter as I fund my own stuff.
or just turn it off! RT : Tip of the Day: Set your computer to “hibernate” when not in use for 30 minutes or longer.
that is hilarious !!
How funny also just found out I share a birthday with Kendra Kassebaum - my first Broadway Show I went to on Wednesday.
Woke up and wasnt there :( ... memories went thru my mind of us waking up together....good times
God bless the NBA Today podcast. es.pn/gT9scG
Stocks off to big start... Watch close today
Why u say that
What a beautiful day #lovinflorida #makemusic enjoying life
“: Research shows that mice who exercised on a running wheel learned new tasks better than mice who remained sedentary.”
where have you been all my life?
"The heart is also an organ of knowing"
RT this if you want a more consumer protected economy, and more transparency on Wall St. & out of Capitol Hill!
PopChips asks for a viral video and Convo Agency gives them no idea, just a promise to make the biggest viral video ever. & that shit wins?
LOVE YOU MORE !!!! I am so happy for you :)
And with that magnificent talk by we are adjourned. Thanks to all for the great tweeting! Presenters: PLZ send slides!
AMAZING GRACE
Women in Business Thursday was about as real as it gets!
I keep waking up hungover even though I haven't touch a single drop since saturday. I'm doing pretty well.
Agreed, with John a close second. Problem is that while JL made some amazing records he made some duds, too.
I love that everytime i read your tweets i have to read them out loud and in your diary room voice
how are you today
Yes, this is dog.
Sometimes you just have to turn on The Beatles and do an interpretive dance alone in the living room.
I don't think I say, the things I say for no reason.
A2: I'm not a big fan of ads on blogs. They are distracting and seem to dilute the message of the blog somehow.
Time to eat!
Which films have YOU been renting from our Learning Lab?
true that!
That awkward moment when my knee is swollen
I like the unexplained line, too. Is that my limit? If so, why does graph go further? /cc
They call you the hit man well I just talked to sugar he calls you the get hit man lol
For those following me for an interest in library pursuits, please consider following UWTLibrary!
Shopping for groceries has always been so frustrating & overwhelming for me. I wish I knew how to cook :(
did you witness first hand the
Who likes fish as much as I do
Everoney is talking about America and I'm dreaming about it...
Thanks. Hopefully this weekend.
No women priests & no married priests were good reasons to move to the Episcopal Church. Jesus did not ordain these things-man did.
Seriously though, need a date to Prom. Who wants to go?
I hope its hard to look at me..I hope you feel the pain I feel as I cry myself to sleep tonight..
Congrats to my friend genius singer #Rinde Eckert & #Steve Mackey for winning #Grammy Best Small Ensemble Performance
get your ass back on facebook
Im glad someone else is on twitter! lol #trasitioning #happyvday!
I'll let you know...Im a producer too, so i have alot of beatz my self.. But im listening.
IN DA STUDIO ENT WE ALL WE GOT
hey! q tal?
": What happened to ??? Smh"<~u already know what happened! Lmfbo
nice, I am a crossover into entomology, I do what I can to keep up with pathology.
Jordan was hee deanna is a loser
Parents that purposely try to ruin your life <<<
You must be a little crazy to run hills in the dark w/flashlights in the rain. Only 6 of us showed up. We ran 12 hills. High 5's to all.
hahahahahah when are you going to be?
About to play a 'sunrise set'. Wish us luck.
lmfao same, not even to be rude but he's not good at all
are you a fan of Justin Bieber? :)
Do you know if there's some way I can watch Satyamev Jayate online?
jose! Do you remember me from vienna? I baked y'all brownies and it was so crazy you and I never got a solo picture together
Sure thing ;) But u following me back would be the coolest!
"I took my eyes out of my head put them in my purse, & drove my car" crying laughing at
Dear #apple we need users for iOS 6. I am done with my daughter messing the icons on the iPad. at least add it as a restriction.
Retweet If Victoria changed ur life in a positive way.Vic,thank u 4 that.97% of Victorians wont RT this.Be that 3% ♥
Now back to the 'real' world to get some work done...urgggggghhh
ye;) You're alone at school, hsuahauas' the last people at school! :P you're cool
no more colorful tweets? Im on echofan~
listen to BOTDF haha stupid band but i straight geek to it and i just finished some weird religions sheet for WORLD G
'some'? I hear you...I'm sending a big dose of empathy across the pond! Pull the keyboard over that punch hole + enjoy your Sunday!
That's true. The single column might be too pithy as a whole feed for most people.
Thanks for the follow, fellow tweeters!
#whenitwascoolto love kidrauhl and nobody knew who he was..
Can't stop too many wanna see me make it there
Woaaah! Never thought that would happen. Haha :P
I think it's safe to say the winner of the Western Conference Finals will ultimately win the NBA Championship**Thunder or Spurs**
Is it weird I want to run around the in the rain screaming "STELLA!" at the top of my lungs? I was an English Major it's not my fault.
Argh - I really don't want him leading a divisional rival of my Rams - although maybe it would help the Rams' Hail Mary odds.
you're overreacting
- A glimpse of life through the lens of a director.
It's a big leap 4om religious right to theocracy.2label right wing parties theocratic is demogoguery
Just found out I'll be visiting my cousins in Cali for the first time ever this summer!
Washington but moving to California
what next
sike. I study late.
Hanging out about to play some Minecraft with the boy. We're home alone this weekend until I take off to the Roundup tomorrow. Good times.
I'm pretty excited to see at
Miami ..... and put me on the list. lol
It doesn't really surprise me someone stole khalisie's dragons. Who leaves their dragons unattended like that?
Contact me if you need assistance.
Apparently I am the laziest cataloger evah.
face facts, you're a hottie wit a body.
Ladies don't be scurred to put your men in they place...
I read a News Account of the most Recent Earthquake in your country Online.
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a second round 66 at the LPGA Championship.
Chiefs roll over Lions in Super Rugby - Brisbane Times
staying on big island for awhile, 10 miles out of hilo 1000ft above sea level panoramic ocean view...awesome!
I just watched august rush literally the best movie...love you!!
Officially left the blackberry world.
Welcome new followers!
RIP Greg Swartz. Though I did not know you well, you are loved deeply and missed by many I love
so #dubsessed feel the drop
asdsfghjkl for the first time ever Chris Corradino liked my wall post (; lmfao
Happy Friday to all the gamers and Steeler Nation!!! I love you all :-)
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Our teachers are stretching themselves, they are growing professionally."
200 kids screaming Justin Bieber lyrics
sorry you couldn't make it to #CovertTU. There just might be an encore!
We would be very interested in working with you to help enhance your website. Feel free to contact me at
re: whether players get racial component RT If you look at player comments about the dress code, quite clear
also, fits with Walker paradigmatic shift in pro-business meaning anti-employee/middle class
Lukewarm Christianity is over...
Didn't know there was a Chicago Taiwanese American Golf League? Well I have good news! I've found a member on this train.
Really, #NBC? You guys always put together the absolutely worst football announcers possible, a Mel Kiper wannabe and a random?
However, those were not the final release. They re-released dubbed stackpaks like a year later.
I saw it on TLC last night and started dying laughing lol xP
I need new dress shoes. Who wants to go shopping with me??
It's a beautiful (but chilly) dat in the neighborhood.
Once again we're gearing up for another week of events. We are adding new venues upon the horizon! Be watching!!!
I feel like this is a following revolution!
I'll take #walkingdead over the oscars any day.
#FF to teachers, and , who both had wildly successful classes this week!
After staying at the Atlantis, it's hard to justify spending money on any other Caribbean hotel. Any suggestions?
Today's alkaline diet tip: Melons -- cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon -- are highly alkaline forming in the body. Eat plenty!
draw better.
Unless #Apple provides lowcost high speed 4G LTE network, new #Ipad #newipad users will pay big to telconetworks for that HD data use.
LOL, I remember the mandatory fun runs at Grand Forks...WTF?!?!
Babysitting. I swear there is nothing to do!
...Waiting....Waiting....Waiting...WHY ARE YOU TAKING FOREVER
Henson--we need to be ready to subvert the standardized processes and artificial timeframes of western education
especially the little one with like the short hair
Next time I will remember to take my phone out of my back pocket before making a snow angel.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
tomorrow same time
I purchased 1 ticket. I feel a little like Charlie Bucket from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
#TheMostCommonLies "Oh, my phone died"
"Leaders will be those who empower others." ~ Bill Gates
At the SCD World Day program. Lots of great info!
Experience working with talented men of even more valuable in an Olympics year. Never been more excited for the summer games.
I like telling people their butt crack is showing just to scare them :))))))
can we visit alex together this weekend? Please!
aw! how wonderful!!
The man who has no imagination has no wings
someone just referenced the bus from speed.
they don't call it "sub"urbs for nothing. Whole Foods? We have a few of those in the city. Enjoy yourself wherever it is u r.
really cool war room role play on the phone, im pumped! That was fun to watch!
He's a flirt . He's adorable . He's a humor . He's serious but fun . He loves himself .
promote me get me more followers
Hi!! oww' Thank you♥ How are you? #MoreBeautiful Maslower!!
Something is rotten in woodley park's metro.
$14 million! INSIDE Brooklyn's most expensive home - New York Daily News
After all, if you sneeze at the same moment the electricity goes out, that does not mean you caused it.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
O Wee i met a bad1., she a Show Stopper 2........Flexinn
Cooking Shrimp Scampi fa da first time, dis shud be good.
oh ahaha, well thank you!(:
All eyes on the Fed tomorrow; but the Fed is expected to take no action, according to CNBC
Brodeur is back from his nap
yes. Show up at doctor mixers!
don't worry, I'm only "that guy" in my head :P
This teacher voice is really annoying right now.
Remind your face you're happy.
Parents be gettin shit twisted . Yeah you brought me in this world , but that don't mean you can disrespect me .
follow back? ( btw i luv your background :D)
Haha, y'all! I love that word
Eh! It's the thought that counts! Besides ... No one really eats the cookie - they just want the fortune! :-)
#iWillNeverTrust somebody that I feel is hiding something from me.
doing quite well, thank you. Lol, I accidentally tweeted a personal text... Could have been much worse
If this was the NBA half the players would have already fouled out by now. The pushing makes it more exciting.
Go Hawks!
I am a Celtics fan & you know we feel about Lakers.
I literally just joined twitter! this is my first tweet..it would make my day if you would be the first person to tweet me! x
georgia is probably right! oh but some of them were gossip girl manga! i'm not sure what the status of those was
Not gonna lie, it took me a while to realize you didn't mean the band.
Have trading cards 17,24,27, and 57 to swap for the many others I need. 27 is Ted Schellenberg, which should be worth, like, 3 cards.
Amen!! MT : I can't believe my Dem/dumb friends'r making a big deal abt gas dropping a few cents...call me when it's $2 again!!
Awesome, can't wait til you make the move to OB. Awwyeah.
Gym Tanning Laundry
#1000AsianWaysToDie not being living up to ur parents expectations and being like
when did you do my hair last? I feel like it's not dark enough and it's kinda bumming me out.
That looks comfy?
VCU Coaches Clinic October 22nd , , , will be there.
Good morning on this gloomy Wednesday! Pick up a Fruit and Maple Oatmeal this morning on your way to work/school.
Sorry for the mass amounts of posts. Fixing that soon.
All right, offense, Jake Peavy is great and all but let's score some runs anyway. Just for fun.
Do these photos confirm anything in dispute?
At poe middle school rite now getting my transfering sheets (:
New website to launch real soon. It looks amazing. Excited to share it with everyone.
#CaryHoffman is "Mesmerizing..."
Son of a bitch...
"Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence."
B sure to follow the very talented cast of Disney's KICKIN IT
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent van Gogh
I'm a horrible singer LOL
Very excited but also filled with a certain amount of worry with the work that needs doing!
Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom series making comeback. Great stories with war-weary, former military captain John Carter. Disney movie 3/12.
Derek lowe three outs of a complete game shut out!
aw I felt the force. It was all around me c: bless you child lmfao
Looking forward to the LSU/'Bama game tomorrow night. I also hope my Gators play well tomorrow <keeps fingers crossed>
: Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for updates. Offices Miami/Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
Comparing patient harm rates to "national average" doesn't really help much (if you can even find the data RT
Great workout tonight. Gotta rest up and hit the links for the next tournament
“: “: The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.”
Yes, I believe I did. And yes, I just brushed MY shoulder off.
It would have saved everyone a lot of trouble if Hitler could have gotten a medical marijuana Rx for having only 1 testicle.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I was gonna give change to a homeless guy today, but his sign said ONE DAY IT COULD BE YOU. So, I held onto it just in case he was right.
I don't trust the American government.....that includes Barack Obama. You can eat that bullshit they feed if you want.....I'll pass tho.
I'm worn out from work but... I Gotta Get IN @ LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
that is a waste, 50$ can go towards
Dontari Poe is a BIG dude. Will hog up the middle of the line.
wow- take care of yourself. That's a lot of stress- good stress but still stress! Hugs
im great how r u?
nope that local code for cool
Rage win 14-13. We pray for the Cougars QB who broke his fibula
my goodness, I'm so gonna miss you.
Nice eyes, thighs, but mostly, lies.
Joanne Kares' proudest achievement as an NJ librarian -- providing internet access to the public in the early 1990s. Nice!
LET'S GO FROGS!!.
Check our feed at 6 & 8 p.m. this week: we're celebrating our stellar students and announcing the colleges they were accepted to for fall.
Today opens the Energy Innovation Center in Clairemont. Glad to have a resource like this in my district
Smiling is a random act of kindness.
i. Got three stars on every level of angry bird seasons now!
THUMBS OF LEGEND
This just made you more awesome than you already are:)
Bout to hit up #Crew96 game against #Dynano... Go #YellowTeam!
thanks looks like fun
Yup! I can't believe it's almost over! Time flies! :/ Haha sometimes it gets way too hot to tan! lol!
not sure they would sign Ade unless they got rid of Agudelo and Cooper
"Waxing Lyrical" is by far our #FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ...... get it?
Omg, I love this song.
Leave your fears behind.
Today was the best, can't complain. 
No kidding!! RT : S'posed to go up to 90 degrees tomorrow. Glad we had those 2 days of spring....
7 miles! It's killer, a lot of soul-busting hills. I recommend it!
follow me please? by the way ur like the cutest thing ever:D just needed to tell u(;
okay I'm going to take it to your homeroom tomorrow morning.
Yo, if I see you in person....and you don't look shit like ya avi. I will let twitter know...ur a faker.
So Tebow did alright for me in #ff, but having Moss and Wells both get pulled out with injuries, I'm pretty sure I can't beat Rodgers.
I think discretion is still needed in diplomacy. That said the release has shown how informed and effective our diplomats are
Step One application materials (resume and LOI) for our 2012 Teacher Training Fellowship Program in South Africa are due December 31!
thank you for the amazing class today. The kids loved the combo!!
Keep It MOVIN..
I miss my niece & nephew Retha & Jacob.
Wishing everyone a safe and wonderful Happy 4th of July!
Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge. ~ Isaac Friedmann
All you Lebron/Miami haters some hoes. Bitch ass niggas
That could happen!
please come to Jackson middle school<3 that would be the best thing EVER!!!!<3333(:(:(:(:
im ok thanku hows u x
1pm -- HAPPY HOUR HAS COMMENCED!!! It's the weekend and its 5 o'clock somewhere....we are awaiting your arrival!
The Tim Tebow Show is OVER. Lol
hey can you pwease help my sissy's friend get more followers =) *puppy eyes* I'd really appreciate it! *wags tail*
the art of dying is my life to live.
Manning killed on SNL #justSayingBro ;p
#ThatDepressingMoment When U Realize U Have A Bag Of Weed 2 Smoke N No Blunts Or Papers.
I'd get rid of my facebook if Twitter weren't full of spam.
I like that. How was opening night, btw? Did you watch or were you at the bar?
Putting together a f&w pairing w/Evan Goldstein (MS) of Full Circle 4 our fundraiser. Would be honored to talk w/u.
Social Media can be difficult for an anti-social hermit like me. The more I connect, the more the pressure escalates to disconnect.
to a team that Football Outsiders ranked 30th in special teams. #Ravens are excellent self-scouters
i am literally still obsessed with that show
: Thanks I got a buyer consult from ur suggested FB post..we meet on Thursday. [#BOOM] #c21gc (SCORE!)
Join us for Group Reformer at 5:30!
follow me
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk - New York Times (blog)
RT : VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for bike activities at Hoosier Outdoor Experience @ Ft Harrison this weekend.
Feel like watchin a flick!
Lemme show you something baby
Alone in the back of the bus today...
It's always been en vogue with people in certain circles, but they've always denied/disguised it. But now it's all coming out.
Lol so board
But yay! Can't complain, just waiting for NYU. Didn't get in to Brandeis which was a bummer but ah well
And I believe we are! I'm sick of going to the request page and typing in the song&artist, but I keep going w positive attitude..
The fact that I am not in church every time the doors are open means nothing I'm what u call a stay At home believer:)
Waypoint Seafood &amp; Grill Implements MICROS myreservations, Offering an Added Convenience to Customers and Staff with ...
Please be sure to pre order my new album package for $25.00!
Many amazing things to tell you all very soon!!
Thanks you and night to you too. :)
Dear Presevation Santa, all wants is for all Members of Congress to know that Preservation = Jobs!
RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
I want to dress up as a tribute for the Hunger Games.
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good drinks and food.
:D Thanks!
My car didn't survive so well :( Got a few nice dings
CHOOSE TO FOLLOW YOUR HEART...BE CHOOSEY!!!
Simple, indeed. Except for all that power it takes to create a newspaper...
Good deal – let me know if you need anyone to open up for you when you pass through the region. I’m available! :)
