ima be up for a while doing this character analysis.
Today, I won't be complaining that I'm not sunburned enough.
ot funny.. -.-t i have a phobia of them!!
like the sense of humor
Good morning. Another beautiful day in Paradise. Have a great day.
BJ and and frankie edgar! Let's go BJ!
RT : Very interesting! Interview with the founder of one of our partner schools (NY Int'l): Cambodian education investor...
"Beer Can" with a British accent sounds exactly like "Bacon" with a Jamaican one... it just blows my mind...
been good and you
Wow! My horrible night just turned great! Texting the bestest friends EVER, laughing my ass off, and my babies just came on the radio <3 <3
Joe Sheets, welcome aboard. Congrats S. Puckett on growing your organization!
did #streak#2 end last weekend or are we still
Can't wait to get to the house so i could get sexxy real quick y'all no what it do!
RIGHT! you're basically wearing your cars. like wuttt.
Wtf did I just say
not much; a door guy treated me poorly but I figure there are too many bars to keep going to ones that do that sort of thing
Incredible. Flashback freakout! RT : What if #Twitter were around in 1992? Here's what it may have been like:
THANKS, LADY!! RT Everyone make sure to wish my roomsta a very Happy Birthday today!!!
Damn, you alright JC?
Well, most of them owe me :)
go get it mark!!! What are you training for? Seems like you are getting some solid runs in.
New York why?
RT : Rumor is that Anna Wintour banned Kim Kardashian from the Met Ball. Oh please, let this be true.
I speak that real shit.
Join us in Austin for a night with doTERRA: "Naturally Safe, Purely Effective Essential Oils" August 22, 7-9pm.
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home!
my pleasure - great post
shout out to my newest followers. just hitting up that studio, songs will be up very very soon.
No, but Im able and willing to travel.
yeah buddy!
I long for my own bed, shower, pillow and fewer polite nods and smiles.
Great as long as staregy is in place for any problems after WD.
Pulling all-nighters right before finals... typical semester!
Monday, April 2nd is the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition at the August Wilson Center. It's FREE to attend and all are welcome
I'm excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Thanks Carol! I was indeed following him already. :)
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” ~ Unknown
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
#Just_For_Fun Wear out a T-shirt that says "Life," while passing out free lemons on a street corner.
Heading to uw stout to give a visiting artist lecture.
FAST FACT: According to the World Health Organization, an estimated 1.4 million children under age 15 are blind.
The 16 year old girl in me loves rocking out to One Direction with the windows down & volume up
I think I'm going to bed. School tomorrow...
"H3y wht r u dooin?"... About to throw a dictionary at your face?!?
There is sumthing tht is scarce, sumthing rarer than ability, the ability 2 Recognize ability!!
Cheating on your test is bad..but I can't help it lol
nice move dude... enjoy the drive!
Nope, probably easiest, but email/mail is fine too.
Good morning. Looking forward to seeing some of you at Mattys later this afternoon.
I missed the show! :( When is the next one. I loved when u all had me on as a guest!
Are you interested to know about the new home developments in the Las Vegas area? Call 702-245-7227
BW3 watching Heat take this series n 6...
Why is it that I always get invites to fun sounding events at conferences I'm NOT attending?!
Never been so annoyed !
found it!
Tech Start up valuations are ballooning again, need to be realistic to ensure continued investment.
Heavy snow burst in mke now as arctic cold front moves in with NE wind gusts to 40 mph, blowing snow with near 0 vis. Will diminish by 12:30
i am not creative.. i just made up the design with colors :)
Based On The BS I've Seen My Freshman Yr...I Know Who I Won't Be Kickin It Wit Next Year When I Come Back. Don't Got Time 4 Ya Games
Do your worst history final.
I never thought Instagram was ever that cool. I guess Facebook thinks it is.
a) thank you! b) thats my right hand sillybird!
Greg Gumbel needs his own twitter account!
Nothing like going on a walk through eagle glen to take pictures for work 😃
Our poinsettias have passed on long ago
Almost time for Thanksgiving! Time to add on 10 pounds from eating too much pumpkin pie!
What a highlight dunk by George to cap it off.
I think my insides are playing hilarious tricks on me again. Must go back to eating better.
Eating soup..
Kentucky is looking too good. I need UNC to win it all and idk if they can do that with Kentucky playing lights out like they Are.
Party then bars, should be a late night
It's best not to rely on organized sports to keep your child leading an active lifestyle.
Nice to see you on Facebook! we'd love for you and to come in for dinner!
#PrettyLittleThings had it's second press interview the week of August 22nd through the 27th
Say the Browns fall flat.....AGAIN.....and start searching for another coach. 1 name comes to mind, Marc Trestman.
will you ever come to miami florida
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions we would have a LAUNCH Party at QCs in montebello September 12th..oh wait we are;)
lol, school is a joke.
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
worst thing someone can do to a musician. Lower than dirt
Physics test tomorrow. Going to learn #byea ♥
Earthquake just disrupted our alumni board meeting !
enjoying another morning with you all!! Thanks !!
Im spent. Time to park it for tomorrow my stars must wield a whole lotta donuts #DSTsuxs Once french, is filipina yet again.
#socold. The rain just needs to stop.
wow, that looks relaxing
last time I went out there was the biggest waste of a trip lol kinda killed it for me. Maybe just to see you though ;)
thanks Richie Fish.
no if anything we'll llove it :)
I've lived in this house since Sept 2006 and I cut the grass today for the first time.
Yeah. It died not too long ago. Maybe a month and a half ago?
Good morning! Last day of #NGS2012. Dad asked if I wanted chocolate milk and then made me make it myself.
Your so so so so welcome!!!:)
im down for some breakfast bring me some
I unfollowed her too! They are all annoying money hungry whores
poker face -_-
more more more!! likes keep em coming
Somehow I always end up with the defective cart at Walmart :-/
I was taking a nap. Until I was awoken by people screaming
Nice idea. Could work for those days of needing black and white...but mostly I like the shades of grey.
Well thank yuh! You do the same:)
Okay, finally here. (Bike repair necessary before leaving the house this A.M.) Minitex Interlibrary Loan conference!
New entertainment tonight!
Need a place to do your Wedding registry??? Give us a call to set up an appointment so we can set up your kitchen for happily ever after!
Watching "Stomp the Yard" on TNT as I multi-task. I love the dance, movement and energy in that movie.
I couldn't be more excited to have someone named Dont'a as well as Big Willie 2.0 in my life.
60,000+ people at SOUTH BEACH, MIAMI GAY PRIDE!!! Holy Sh*t!!! ;)
G'Nite kel. sweet dreams luv! ...hope ya have a nice day tomorrow. Xo
Your music makes my good days even better!!! :)
to Allow F.A.M.E inc to build your social media profile contact me
Hey #NBC - learn a lesson from #CNNDeabte...audience interaction matters! Tonight MUCH more interesting to watch.
Was I not right about the heat inducing ghost?
When will the be done with Izturis? He sucks so bad. Tired of him already.
I'd be happy to sing you a little diddy to hold you over. Any requests?
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you.
Ooh, & Flying Saucer Attack: Further, Lilys: In the Presence of Nothing, first Verve album, if that counts, Telescopes: Taste
Totally just decorated the entire house for easter :)
is actually utilizing green principles to it's building practices.
Just landed in Denver, going to WY today and flying back tomorrow so I can't make , it will happen eventually!!
"Mediocrity is death." - NICOLE MILANO
You are now! :) Welcome, Jerry!
good luck! :)
RT “: Writing music always relieves stress”
damn Scott! Sorry guy. Wish I could make ya feel better..;) lol
Hey what's going on guys? Check out the Celtics Tomorrow night in L.A. dominate the Lakers at home! Taking two in L.A!!!
So psyched about BSP's Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
love talking about how awesome and at work is!! You guys really know how to charm people!!
hA! "#Embarrasing" funny sis! But HEY, you get to see the hottest man alive: :)
If I won the Mega Million Jackpot.. my lawyer would make it so no one knew who or where I am.. & I'd never tell anyone..
When you surrender your ego mind to your heart you create a direct connection to the light of the Self.
I'm stright but my bitch a faggot!
Coroner: Whitney Houston was a chronic cocaine user who had the drug in her system when she drowned in a hotel bathtub.
guess that bullshit call made a difference
Prudence is an attitude that keeps life safe, but does not often make it happy.
Unfortunately the Rams may not get a win until the 2nd half of the season. 49ners look good though, once again unfortunately.
Serge Gainsbourg's Histoire de Melody Nelson has been the perfect start to the day (in addition to being 1 of the most perfect albums ever).
I have used your flooring products before, I am on up coming contemporary project, not the rustic wood but other selectiosn
Hey travel peeps over at #TNI! Sorry we couldn't make it today but have fun.
Thanks for the follow, ! I'm trying to FB but Twit won't let me! Performed my NA flute for the 1st time this week! Thrilling!
Central District on July 9: Youth creating public art and holding hands to celebrate 23rd Ave 'Corridor of Peace'
this draft is making me so sad...I need football season now
SAVE THE DATE: The 87th Annual #DiplomaticBall will be held on April 13th! Location & ticket info TBA soon. Mark your calendars & RT!
Cheers to the #NHDD community! RT : Congratulations to NHDD on developing awareness - you've come a long way!
Also re: BTJunkie:( Smart choice, thank you for everything.
That costs extra.
sure is! Lol
unless help intl (me, not you) liked it! Haha! Probably not though.
"learn to code" != "become a programmer" (via user "andrest" on Hacker News)
Northern Jersey bracing for snow after midnight.
#Tebowing in NY, Peyton with the bustin #Broncos, #HeinzWard retires, and #Saints up a creek. It's #marchmadness in the
Ayaan Hirsi Ali circumnavigates insider/outsider spaces with the sole intention on criminalizing Islam & all its signifiers.
hold out until you find the WOW dress!
Need to get overseas and play.
It was their old design. I reckon it could be his but likely J-Will
All the shit I've taken leading up to prom was just flushed because tonight was amazing
Now down to the wire on #CAPS Aluminum Frames before end of year. 00-330-5515.
Austin has Favorited one of my tweets that I didn't mention him in and he has Rted one that I didn't mention him in.. <3
hey, lol. What's up?
Just had a Philbeck moment at the roundabout!
Just reviewed my pages for the CRAVE book! Woo!
The Las Vegas Boulevard book is 2 parts art, 1 part contemporary Vegas, 1 part vintage Vegas & 1 part photo journalism.
i want your cat
not sure if I'll be home then. I'll ring you.
Awesome! I'll send it on over and u can check it out when u have the time :) I have the ff link to the story to if u like it lol
Like him or hate him, I think Jeremy #Roenick adds an element to the Olympic broadcast booth that helps the telecast
The #1940census will help me fill in the blanks on uncles/aunts/cousins.
mr. dollar sign...!
After icing Alaska, Wranglers look to bring championship to Las Vegas - Las Vegas Sun
"Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice." (Henry Ford) Going to spend a little time with my daughter.Good night everyone & God Bless
uh and the earth rotates. she seemed surprised when it was summer on the other side of the earth.
Your eyes like the sky. Your hair like the sun.
lol...what type of job r u looking for?
Hay Lazywebses -- youse with the bikes -- can you help me find a good grocery-oriented pannier for my Blackburn Ex-1 bike rack?
RT : What can I say? I love data, and hair. My two passions in life.
I dreamt we were at a hotel for some meeting, and none of us could remember what city we were in.
I WILL win the bet by June! :p
Dwight King is hot.
Up for no good reason at 3:30 am. May be falling back asleep more easily than I thought though.
You are beyond wrong sweetheart and not much sport for me.
Just rembered I was going to work on proposals for #IL2012 today
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ?
I didn't win either & thought I have a dollar and a dream... but pfffff
not a bar, but serving drinks every first thursday as you tour pnca's roving gallery us recs for our res!
Ahh, the 'saw what he saw' and 'still in the book' - still happens to me! xx
is now soliciting advice for my first ever Fantasy Football draft...ready, go!
What upcoming theatre event are you most looking forward to in 2012?
love you too! And thanks :)
RT : Jesus said, “Whoever does what God wants is a brother, sister, or mother to me” - Mark 3:35
Your giving me more to stop fucking with you....i need a blunt nd I dont even smoke
Getting ready for to come spend the night, I'm gonna force her to tell me that damn secret! :p
what happened? :(
Play some Skynyrd!!!
hello everyone if you need any smog check information go ahead and give us a shout thank u and have a blessed day ;)
Not audible yet...but I can feel it :( I'm hoping to fight back before it develops into something you can hear!
NEVER! What time does voting close?
Busted! Happy Birthday, Megan! RT Did you know it is 's birthday? Ya, I didn't either - but now I do :) Happy Bday ML!
grant got pulled. good idea. told it would have been funded. not a priority for library/tech support right now. economy. I am tired & sad.
pay me in food and clean clothes and we have a deal
New word: "Musaic." A musical mosaic, so basically mashup stuff. Might have to be somehow classy.
Very cool. Can't wait to see them in July. That dude is an absolute beast on the drums. One of my favorite "drumming" records.
#primaryschoolconfessions back when coloring was homework.. I miss those days!!
Cool brutha....stay safe....
the little man is doing great - talking lots and growing big time! I'd love for you and Ang to see him. Hope you're well!!
I love these #Brewers west coast games.....
Thanks for coming on It's Your Morning and explaining why you're proposing a pay cut for congress.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars =]
Whitney Houston's cause of death "Drowning, Cocaine and Heart Disease" That's like saying, "he died from getting hit by a car and the flu."
Pancakes, workout and heading to work today. I hope someone gets to enjoy this beautiful sunshine!
You are the biggest tool i know.
This is going to be an interesting year....
GREAT Shot!!
I dont want 'yes-men' around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
Box Lunch Delivery is FREE for 3 or more orders so let us bring you lunch! 303-623-0525
Late for meeting Honda Elements shouldn't go 80mph
Guidelines for public school handling of food allergies to be updated - East Valley Tribune
Anniversary of start of #CivilWar. Traveling exhibit from helps tell the story through letters, "Mail Call" opens this fall.
meant to tweet you the other night and forgot--was at a pond show, thought of you guys, hope you're great!
silly boy... you have to follow me for me to do that (you can feel free to unfollow me after said dm lol) :)
Just ordered some drums for the little studio....
Watching Hulk with Viggle Thu | 3:05PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
our plan better work!
Is it snowing there, Aspie?
That's an awful remix, just get out.
Me: oh snap this my song Him: oh yeah gets up on dat Me:umm excuse me back up off me n*gga b4 you get kicked in the balls Him:fiesty Me:slap
The nigga really a monster on the track
Who wins El Classico Saturday?
that's great that you're sticking to your budget! let us know when you're ready and we'll be sure to help you find what you want.
Metta World Peace says OKC is the best kept secret as far as women. It's only 3 1/2 hours away so I gotta touch down.#I'mDatLife
I wonder if she makin any new hits?
girl you sound like my damn wedding planner idk.. this shit ain't exciting to me.. lmbo I'm procrastinating
Have you ever licked a gangster rap CD?
That face Lebron made though. Lmfao.
Oprah is just a modern day Mammie...she's here to allow White women to feel good bout themselves.
Vanessa is now full time at Rendezvous! She has openings this week! Stop in our new location 2600 n high or call 447-2600
“: Hmm.... To give in and get Social Distortion tickets, or to save the $45?” right? I remember when social d was $10 at the door
No Rondo, No Ray equals no Win for #Celtics against #Hawks game2 right or wrong
no no autumn is another way to spell Madison Winters because he likes my style
Image creates desire. You will what you imagine.
RT Other-Korean Company LG is Getting Into Android Tablets ... - Gizmodo: LG is working on an Android tablet due out ... http
#Baseball time, #GoCanes!
Thanks for the RTs!
I rarely ever travel out of state. All of my work is in LA. LA keeps me busy enough.
DAMN.. my dick is so photogenic... #whoretweet :P
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at 1800 Any Lens, we hope you enjoy it!!! If you "LIKE" holiday food then let us know here!
theres always a bigger fish (;
People still send e-mails? RT : Estimated Number Of Emails Sent Today: 322,895,838,520.
OMG. Idk what's worse, hearing this kid whine or hearing the fucking bible stories his parents are playing to keep him quiet.
May is about to be a good ass month ...the semester ends, cinco de mayo, i graduate from college, and race weekend
I just gave the business and it felt so SO fine.
Really surprised (and yet I'm not) by how often students assume that female authors are men.
#digitalindia Recently heard profile of AskNYPL on Bob Edwards Show on National Public Radio in US. Avail on iTunes
what teacher ?
I don't deserve this shit.
Studio time.
most definitely!
Sleeping is my drug..... my bed is my dealer..... and my alarm clock is the police... :p
yep me and colby we'll be there for like 3 or 4 days
Accountant required– start date 03/26/2012 end date 07/25/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, in accordanc…
Gorgeous night out. A tantalizing taste of summer. Makes me want to bite into a juicy summer peach.
": #AstrologyFacts #Libras persuasive attitude makes them adept at sales, real estate, law, and marketing."
Waking up, getting ready for our 3rd show at Kick Butt Coffee 2. We go on at 4pm, Free, all ages! It's going to be Kick Ass.
i want to dance
so psyched stopped by and left me a copy of book "Crush It" by Gary Vaynerchuk, perfect timing I need a new book to read
timbers. Manager is a Scotsman
Dying my hair today! So. Excited. Then fireworks show on Sunday & Fourth on Monday! Gon be good. ♥
but i dont know the other two girls.my two friends have to go to Broadway and mine is somewhere in central park? ive never heard of superfan
abdominal muscle strain going up 4 a dunk & landing wrong
"you can't win em all."- Socrates
#teamfollowback Let's go. One more person or more <<333
I see your man and he ain't got shit on me...
Heading off to ChangeCamp Ottawa #cco10 to talk about open data and open government
is getting ready to help all day with Balboa Idol Auditions! There are so many talented kids!
I found Drea at the gym!(:
It is often troubling that the one man I trust the most, has probably killed people, only bad people, but still.
in 2 weeks at clarion U ! Lesssssgooooo !
My mother would love it if you hired me as a casting director. Just sayin'.
Keep it 100 baby , I'm not the only one.
Thanks to our preferred team! They were extra helpful & kind today w/ my address corrections & that makes a world of difference!
was goin thru yt subscribers and I couldn't find you..? Coulda swore you subbed me last summa
Does the NFL have a Billy Beane? Isn't there some GM good at math?
#GWU, Happy Holidays from all of us at GW Campus Dining
The Office never gets old!!!
i get so excited when i see a chat bar pop up from a girl who wants to have sex....then let down to find out shes not real :(
For some reason when I'm depressed I clean #girl problems
Thanks for sharing! :)
Loosing weight & feeling healthier has never been better!
GoDJKemo's Halloween B Day Bash @ ROCCA BAR 10/28...SAINTS and SINNERS
I honestly wish the weather would always be like this.
All pervasive! Interesting. I have some ideas for next steps. So sorry I can't come by your #PAS2012 poster. cc
What's good tweet world
Your customer service is stellar, truly. Thank you. It's so rare these days and I appreciate it!
appreciate ya homie!!!! God Bless JO-WAYNE
I'm excited to see FOX 6's exposé on this new trend called "Yoga." Maybe they'll do something timely on lo-carb diets or Napster next week.
What do you think are some characteristics of successful leaders?
Word on the street is the Southern Quality Ford commercial with Rocko and I is playing! Look for it, amigos!
"Dating" websites for dogs are reportedly growing in popularity. How fetching.
One of our favs:
Hope Everyone had a great christmas! I know we did.
the cookies in Hayden are especially good today
My big sister is going after her dreams of herbalist & a community yoga instructor. Sound interesting?
Chickn burgers for dinner.
Good Luck Bud & have a profitable weekend as USUAL :)
yea . lol he asked me how our ''crew " was doing & He did a background check on my bf lmfao .
coreys playing his damn guitar...WTF.
is taking a cruise into the middle of a hurricane tomorrow... 'cause I'm a bad ass ;-)
KFC sounds good right now.. and pizza too :)
I feel like I'm having a pre-movie burger w/truffles and pepper jack and just saying over and over, "that's fabulous."
YAY Finally the track meet is done so now Skylar can come over and I can leave Giovanni's and Tyrell's house!!!
You would think after 6736833 years of not talking that you would be less sensitive to my sarcastic comments.. hahaha (:
I like to be known by more than just my ACT score
Pandora Tests Live Show and Video Waters
It's all about the WORD this week.
HI Robyn! Thx for follow. Did you know treatment for peanut allergy is almost ready for prime-time!
Jump ball get it get it
Wow... The movie rocked!!!!
I'm such a journalism nerd. Love Ted Koppel. Great piece! Thanks
Love the fact that has expanded coverage to 12 add'l #MKE neighborhoods!
Love the fact you can tweet a legend about a Harvester!x
“: that's weird..I see 140 by your name.” You're being dramatic.
UT offers regalia made from post-consumer plastic, "indistinguishable from traditional polyester". When did polyester become traditional?
I know... Reduculous. When do you want to meet up and drown it? Have time next week?
Off work! Now what to do ?!?
Moderate death. RT On a scale of 1 to death, how bad of an idea is running this marathon with my longest run to date being 14m?
NEW CITY ART FAIR will be closed at 5pm. Today is the last day. Please drop by us.
Listening to Jack Zenger on 7 Reasons Why Strength-Based Leadership Development Just Works Better.
Gonna be in Mauston soon hmu
Everyone Should Go Follow :)
somebody sent me that video this morning...
Music is the soundtrack to our life & Whitney Houston is such a big part of mine. Her voice was truly something special, a gift from God.Rip
yeah my mom put mine up high so I can't snoop :(
Does this mean you will be moving?
hope you feel better sista....... Are yall coming over for easter I got the eggs for the kids egg hunt like you suggested.
haha thanks girl I just find it hilarious and the best part is guys actually buy it and that's why they give them attention
next week I get to see my Bestie :)
I guess I'm going to take up the offer for "piano" lessons.
If Twitter really understood their user base they'd have a dedicated reply feature used to beg for celebrity attention.
He's too cutesy to me. He's like an adorable little elf...err...literally.
who is available for Valentines Day for s celebs birthday party lots of music and fun! ya gotta be in the seattle area tho....do tell!!!!
Kin Valley cares about kids and families and the issues they encounter with #OnlinePrivacy (see #COPPA laws). We're creating a solution!
I think my wenises(weni?) are sunburnt. i also think a ghost-cat attacked my leg last night...
how do you put up with all these people bitching about the ending of 3?it was an emotional ending to an amazing trilogy
SPRING BREAK!!!!!
HI!!!! wanted to let you know I Love You <3 and I always will
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked. ~ Mae West
PS Apologies for spamming your conversation. I lurve me some boardgames.
The stop announcement on this bus are made by one of the Chipmunks. On some kind of amphetamines.
it was awesome seeing you again megan! thanks for coming out ;) well see ya soon!
there was also juniors from the high school cuz they do like real physics and we do bs physics lool
Who's that talkin in the library?
Even the website appears a gigantic racist caricature. Can't people learn the truth without exploiting it in insulting ways?
#askzacefron What was your favorite scene of #theluckyone to film?
Woo ! Finally got my internet back . Things are going back to normal now .
We are happy to help in any way we can! Give us a call 972-304-6020.
TONIGHT!!! Women's Soccer vs. Marquette Game Time: 7:00pm @ Valley Field
P-towner's need to check out portland monthly. Cool feature on Atmosphere clothing. Support local
“: look exactly like him lol” right!!! Bro got dropped haha
baking a russian cake...recipe called for a lil bit of this & a lil bit of that with no oven temp nor baking duration...fingers are crossed!
What do designers dream of, when they take a little designer snooze? Do they dream of big ideas, or of revisions that never get approved?
was just saying she wanted a cat tree for Snuffles.
after the game catch a cold one at scotland yard pub 187 st. Paul street. Valet parking and free parking on bittner street
Van Morrison.
did you look at my videos I took yet
is Hosting Launch Party in DC....We doing it BIG!!
knives in the kitchen
I have slight semester envy right now. I'm only on week 5 of 9.
mansmin tan turns into summermin swagger
#FF thanks for the shoutouts. Have a green weekend!
that would be a nice trip. I'm definitely thinking about it :-)
Not sure what it says about me or my horse but he halts every time he hears the ding ding of my phone's text alert...
Thanks babe. But wait, are you quoting Silent Hill?
I love seeing old couples come into the clinic, it's so sweet.
Getting Ready for an Audition
Really? I ask all my reference ?s to branch managers. And clearly digitizing the entire system's materials would be easy!
Sunflower seeds are so good!
Now thats an album worth having!
Of course you would! Classic. RT : Sway? Eh. I'd rather have swagger. ;)
oh nothing
I cannot deal with #landscapepainting this late.
Your working there? RT : Sandcastle def ain't my dream job BUT it will do for the next 3months lol
I TOTALLY, TOTALLY AM! As if there weren't enough reasons to love , CJ will seal the deal.
I JUST saw this. Yes, needs to report form. Can include photos or graphics. Next time email is safer for time sensitive questions
I'm Boutta Take These Pills Man, If This Headache Don't Go Away Then Somebody Head Gone Go Away !
Film Collaborators directors, Inde Film Artist, Thx 4 all The Updates On Upcoming Features and Projects!
RT if you love 1Direction for ever?follow me I follow you back ;)
Special 3-man show this Saturday @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tyson's Corner, VA
Oh my it's time to buy #NewTubeSocks :/
Bummed we couldn't get together. When you coming back?
you sound like me!! Lol
King Muhammed VI is announcing what seems like a long list of constitutional changes
I know right! :l
#Entertainment getting ready for the start of our big season in Miami.
I was wondering the exact same thing! It should be there. From the forums it sounds like others are having the same issue.
I don't know but you have problems lol
because if you're anything like me you'd instantly use it to buy a Kit Kat bar.
sucks you had to be a victim of this new strongly enforced rule. Would have liked to see you come down to Box again :(
I'm trapped between smiling about my lazy day, and the guilt of not doing something productive. Anyone else know the feeling?
San Antonio: Tomorrow p/cloudy and very warm. Slight chance for rain most of next week. Today: AM Clouds then p/cloudy, high 93.
No women. At all.
THIS FRIDAY is my 1st Solo Gallery show! Please come if you can for wine, cheese, my offbeat art, and lots of fun! (Details on my blog.)
"So what about your writing dreams?"-
Someone tell Hosmer to quit screwing around. It's only a matter of time until he gets hot #Royals
Thanks for this, I missed the event, very glad to have the writeup!
Is it me or has everybody been dying lately?
I lose interest really quick
Yes. Could we go 0 for 2?
If "Splash" is on the Mt Rushmore of Tom Hanks flicks so should "Joe Versus the Volcano".
im following
Nix is a big boy
Review: ‘Strange Clouds,’ by B.o.B.
Everything what I've been told is one big cliché
Do you live in a highrise?
Stopping by to leave some love!!
Congrats to for first place in print media
The tornado sirens just went on......... This could be an interesting night
Wendover Will, Vegas Vic, Reno Red - amazing to learn the names of familiar signs... Some still standing and welcoming people to Nevada.
Special issue of HR News Magazine. Important information because it involves ALL of us. Coming very soon.
nothing much , how are you ?
Enter our cover contest! We're giving out some sexy prizes to the 2 winners
hey according to ur bio ur a #GuyMahomie that's cool I don't no any boy mahomies soo ur the first congratulations :) xx♥♥♥
Agree, but think his wig would look better on Howie RT I loved in his debut as judge on NBC’s America’s Got Talent
WD is for the bedroom. Boxee Box and Live TV dongle is still on the list as main living room entertainment.
maybe something like surveymonkey, only $17
Go Giants!
Kitchen China Cabinets: China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved ...
I wish i could help you out! im a hairstylist so i have that job im just looking for like a hostess kinda job something blah
And so it begins: opening brew bar at Intelli, printing during open hours at Spudnick, rinse and repeat. High fives, adult life. High fives.
I think them guys just dont want you to win a race do they! Come on guys give her a break!
hahah i love sean!
During yesterdays #Bulls game I saw the name "Rip Hamilton" on TV and thought, "OH NO! He died!" Then I realized...
Somehow Lady Gaga is failing to properly cover her own song.
Time for the 4 C's... Coors, Copenhagen and Canadian Club.
I had a bad dream. Katy Perry died. No. Buti buhay pa actually. =))))
That's a ridiculously CUTE gift!
Come on ibaka
I hear the ASP is still looking for a CEO. Think Derek would mind the pay cut?
let me know! I'm moving in 3 months!
I remember that show.
Terry Littleton told me to tell u hi and if u ever need a spot to hunt n Owensboro give him a shout. DM me 4 info. Good Luck at Dega!
Love that pic!! Thanks so much! Can we post it to our facebook page?
Thanks for the #FF!
please follow me !
Fuck yes you are! Take plenty of pictures!
RT : Great meeting with and today discussing fun events!
A #BFMusicFactoid - Did you know both Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison & Summertime Blues by Eddie Cochran were recorded today in history?
Randoms Chics on Pinterest: I don't know you, therefore I could care less if you think something I pinned is ugly. Your opinion is invalid!
“: Mindless Behavior VS 1 Direction???” Mindless Behavior all the way!!!!!!!!!! :))
Wow... (here’s a not-so-fun fact: Since the 60′s, while all non-healthcare expenditures increased 8x, healthcare increased 274x).
love the new bottles! what a hoot. maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
Smoke den Rat goodniye
I need a tattoo lol JaQuial said your good
Please join Freedom Ford in making the Right Choice!
Have you ever watched a movie where you were 100% certain that the actor you liked owed his agent a favor? Or perhaps the IRS?
tell them to kiss your country ass ;)
This week has sucked... State qualifications tomorrow.
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Thanks for the follow! We love anything that combines "sensible" an d"political"!
Jess I did not know that you were a writer! We are looking for a couple of new writers for the new issue do you have any samples?
"The Kingdom of GOD is within You" --Jesus of Nazareth
I know! Shame, I'm just leaving LA now! See u soon xo: & wish you guys were here!!!
my molars are growing in sideways so they have to to do some things that I'm pretty sure would gross u out if i tell u more
i followed him! :D .
"reimagine GIS as a method in feminist geography & feminist visualization as a possible critical practice in fem research" - Mei Po Kwan
You Stay Bring Mean!
You, sir, win Tweet of the Day.
When they stop a vehicle in this situation, they usually follow the car until they have a reason to stop the car.
butting into your discussion--but are you talking about ordination? If so, what an idiot!
The #giveaway contest is closed.
hi hi
Why is it so hard to leave my desk?
Hamburger Mary's. 7:30pm. Ol' Floppy Arms. Be there. www.democracyburlesque.com
Temps well above freezing so any precip that falls will remain all rain. Later this afternoon snow mixes in. Expect light accumulations
They do--and they look only half as good as they taste!
Decided I want to see The Black Keys but they're sold in in DC and NYC. Boo. R u into them?
Ala Moana Building poer is back on.. But, security is not letting people in the building.
and if I had the luck .. I also?
How about "Another one bites the dust?"
why you gotta come so close to Minneapolis the weekend I have to go to Canada on business???
Talk that talk to me
I wasnt happy with the 1st watched 5 mins of the 2nd one so im not bothering with the 3rd lol thankfully I paid for none lol
wish I could be there in LA for it! I scored the music for AZIENDA.
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:)
s/o to u as well checkout my Cinnamon Challenge an all my new Music droppin soon.... Much Love
You need coffee. We've got coffee. Hot, iced, or blended and all locally roasted. Yum.
Making little english muffin pizzas!!
Spaces are filling up QUICK! Book your table now for DISH's "Spring Into Drag" brunch April 10th!
True. I think he was talking about the average person who wants to hang something over their couch. People are more complicated.
The freedom that comes through Christ came by His death. Without death we are bound to a life held captive but by His sacrifice we are free
Oh, yes-->Creating a firm takes a time investment: 2 days marketing. Video, writing, etc. Client work only 3 days/wk.
#kids Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops: Sweetwater's Spring Children's Classes & Workshops Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
and u don't realize it's "that" episode til half way through lol happens to me ALL the time
great bro thanks
RT Artists be runnin to the man with the dildo on the corner.... Sign me sign me sign me sign me! Me first me first!
Love Benjamin's speed and confidence. Solid pick in round four for the #Browns IMO.
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU TO INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
No cheating is bad!
My sis has the tv on Dont Forget The Lyrics. Just another reminder that Mark McGrath shouldnt have got the boot on #celebrityapprentice >:-£
So excited for the pop-up experience. #foundingfarmers is my go to place for holidays, brunches, Tuesdays...
Definite double dribble before the dunk, but either way, Kentucky earned their stripes.
Looking forward to it!
back to work, but still not wearing shoes
I love the braided hair tutorial! I'm going to try it today! :D
For future Batman movie related wishes, I think I'd definitely like to see David Tennant try a hand at playing The Riddler.
I THOUGHT YOU DIED, text me back pls
“: "That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." - Abraham Lincoln”
So Sanford: arrest a journalist for exercising their constitutional rights? This keeps getting better. That's it, u messed up so go silent.
But on the plus side, tie will allow me to get rid of my 7 pound brick of a laptop (not including case)...
RT : 's Barrio Starts off con El Guidi, Guidi during The 5 O'Clock FIESTA w/ in the MIX! Now till 10pm Lots 2win
ay sometimes you gotta sell the contact...lol
also busy with school. I'm probably done with volunteering this month. And getting for finals
Excited to judge with this weekend! :)
IT'S FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!! COME CHECK OUT ALL THE COLLEGE BASKETBALL ON OUR 50+ TV'S
Well I suppose there are worse places to live than Vermont. Seriously though.. Don't know why anyone thinks it's a good idea.
Just saying :) lol
First child I worked w was a 13 y/o from a family of migrant workers in California. He'd broken the arms of his first 2 teachers.
Indeed. ;) But why stop at 2 ipads, ? I will have my staff order ALL ipads in existence and deliver them to my golden castle. :)
you ever pin corner before? No.
": Urban Meyer won't be appearing on ESPN this weekend. He requested off his studio assignment and we obliged."
LOL! Did you guys see the booger whip bt mark sanchez?
Trust me, I want to forget you! I do! You think its easy? You think its easy letting go of your first love?! Well news flash it isnt.
RT : Kodak goes bankrupt and Instagram is worth a billion dollars. 2012, y'all.
Okay thank you for your time hope you have an amazing day & bless you & yours.
I cant even begin to tell you how much I don't want to be up right now.
He gets a pitch right down broadway and you complain about him swinging.
i wish people would call back when they say they will. I can't stand waiting any longer. Its like I have no life
Just applied for a job :p
Yay Puerto Rico!
I will drive for donuts at Oram's, but beer? Haven't checked a schedule yet on Craft possibilities.
ewwww I see some :))
Thanks for sharing! I had no idea there was an aviation museum in Lexington. Very cool!
Feels like an unbelievable dream! So happy and so blessed :)
never mind!
Can't wait for #ufc141 !
Song of the Day: "Let It Die," by Foo Fighters.
Thank You bro!
Watching the crazy storm at turner field...this is better than baseball!
haha LOVE YOU
#delta offers free twitter access. That an landing an exit row on flight 1701 today was a nice surprise. Much better experience than USAir
Let's have a damn cookout damn it!!
I am developing a pattern of insomnia - waking up at 2:30am for two nights in a row. What to do now...
#BOYFRIENDReview it shows us grown up
WELL THEN YOU FRICKING ROCK! AND SCREAMING FRICKING ROCKS
Congrats Greg!
lmfao u already bro we moving
Doing Great! Always a Blessing when I hear from you! Were are you at these days?
RT : There is a warm summer filled with baseball, beer, and sunshine right around the corner. #Nats #cantwait // Yes!
TGIF Facebook friends! Who went to see Discovery soar off to the heavens? What are those big weekend plans? LIVE now!
if trade-off is no pay as you throw and Sunday hours, then ok with closing swap shop. Girl can dream, right?
want to capture your audiences attention-design content to engage all 3 learning styles; auditory, visual and kinesthetic. Home run combo!
He and I didn't speak for years. And he was the main reason I moved away from Augusta.
thanks for the follow!
funny - students have taken to lurking in Connect space waiting for faculty to log in and then pounce with questions.
In desperate need of a massage! #helpme :(
lmao u stupid..... Chill.
Everyone & their grandmother is hollaring Bama on the money line this wkend - gotta go back and take another look @ this game cuz i like FLA
Finally some pho!
Thrilled! Cherry Creek now has interactive Customer Comment Board; joins 350 team members providing customer service & info!
RT : Great! RT : Senate removed digital downloads tax from budget it passed yesterday. House budget action could
Interesting storyline developing at the Players Championship: Kevin Na can hardly stand over the ball...and he's leading.
Early start on the day :) let's do it!
#Benedict, Sand Queen. Devastating novel traces 2 women in 2003 Iraq: a soldier/ prison guard & an Iraqi whose father and brother are inside
Love it! Berkeley had a conference on serialization...Mad men, breaking bad, & the wire were featured. Twin peaks, sorely missed.
Damn it, Im sick! Today is not the greatest day..
follow back Please:) #dreamscometrue I will die lol
i have no friends
7 Eleven poppin up down the street.
The Weekend♥
Stretching my ass off
WEBSITE COMING SUPER SUPER SOON!!
I think my laundry basket threw up on my floor.
skype party with my cleveland besties tonight . (:
A sole proprietor and ony massage therapist, I devote my expertise in massage entirely to you. Calm, peaceful, customized massage for you.
RT : It's such a beautiful day today, I'm giving my car a break and having it towed around the city.
Enjoying The Creative Garden on E.6th St. W/ A beautiful spot and a beautiful day.
I am checking out the instagram hits now. classy. Veuve & Alize. Oven? I'm gonna bake some healthy treets. is there a fridge?
I'll make the boys make one for me.
Thanks for posting this awesome article and for the RT'ing!
lies on tha lips of a priest...thanksgivin disguised as a feast...
Agreed! So disgusting!
I wish I knew who you were. You are the best tweeter in my timeline by far.
she know what's up. She apologized after class though
My cats. lol
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord LX-P for a new car!
Lauren Priestap, junior at University of Pittsburgh, loves to bake cookies and then give them away!
The link is broke
Death wish of the headstrong #booktitles ?
Hopefully Nolan can write me in as "Robin" or "Nightwing" in later films. But I'd be bigger than Batman! lol
Classy never trashy, because your trashy ass doesn't know what the boundaries are in a relationship...
Fuck you and those Tacos you are eating!
Yes, it was great. It will be posted in the NASM web site in the next few days. Stay tuned.
First day at new job! :) I'm already tired. Not used to mornings.
If i put my mind to it and get aggresive ill be able to do anything('x
his impressions are amazing, no doubt. It'll be interesting to see him grow on the show.
Yeah I know, the arc of history is long but it bends toward justice. It'd bend faster if you'd let me use my flaming crossbow.
thank you!
everyone follow me here as well. Support " Double Sided" on IMDB "LIKE" our page. Please!!
Thinking about a new kitchen? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Granite at a discount!
Just as I suspected!
If people find Danielle and Eleanor ugly, I can only imagine what they would think of me.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up. - Mark Twain
Tried reading the comments on 's post. Made it through about 1:30 before giving up.
-iswea , ANGIE's need tah close them down ,! Ughh , juh TERRIBLE , my nails never look'd this way ,,!.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. Martin Luther King Jr.
pretty stoked about my new desk heater...
A publisher found my novel (The Truth About Sister Henry) on authonomy.com and asked to see my ms...I won't get happy yet, but hey :)
My friend will be happy to know that despite incessant tweets, I've managed to rework 10 pgs of story. Now with more lesbians!
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I wish i was one of those girls could take a picture any time and still look beautiful.
With tweet #1991, I recall the USSR's end and hope fluid, voluntary things like #Facebook and #Twitter will outlast nation-states.
LOL! You are so sweet! I hope you had a great #BASHH tonight. It was great meeting you.
The party is going to have to reel him in but I think it's too late. His arrogance and lack of ANY humility has already lost it.
75°F today! It's gonna be a cruel, cruel summer.
yes, that makes sense...blame the city instead of the lake your home city shares with it.
that was good lol
Oh no! Aubrey has tweeted "I stay XOXO" on her Twitter account. Yuck. If u walk out u shouldn't be let back in. Boo.
We are working on our Feb schedule.Is there any where particular you want us for lunch or catering Nashville?
Thnx So Much! RT : If yr not following - U need 2 B! awsm material from an amazingly talented guy!
im 2 nice... im cuttin people off im tired of the lies
That first kiss would have made me run down the aisle screaming... YUCK! He attacked her face.
somethings just never change Happy #nationalbestfriendday (:
Had so much fun today with the guard at wgi, sad we aren't preforming but at least we still got to come!
Word. It's about less smoke and mirrors and more soul, realness and talent.
Thing #2..In Finale A, That part came up that's crazy, A certain somebody totally butchered it and you had to cover!! lol
Montgolfier Day-Part Deaux! We've got over 500 kids here today!
Happy Birthday James Taylor!
gay ppl r fuckin up my marriage. i used 2 be able to have sex w my wife but now i need 2 have gay saix bcause of gaybama? nope im christian
It that what that meant? I thought the light was broken...
One of my bosses, a grown professional man, is yelling "I'M ON THE EDGE... OF GLORY!" at random intervals from his office. Love.
#instead of going to see a movie I am watching Hulu in order to give $12 to help
For Me: Crap. I dropped popcorn down my bra. Lance: It's just a little snack for anyone who might motor-boat you tonight.
What's happening in Vegas this weekend??
Yes! RT : That act of kindness brought tears to my eyes. One of the sweetest moments of my life. You never forget true kindness.
I still struggle with my past, but I'm a better person that I know who I am.
Q: Where can you get lunch for under $5 these days? A: A hot, delicious 8" cheese pizza and a soda for $4.80
You Niggas Broke Anyways.
I tried that but it doesn't seem to take effect.
Hamilton Festival Saturday July 30th. We're looking for a few volunteers to pour beer. Thanks
Woo-hoo! I look forward to seeing you there!
...i wish he was in my discovery learning....♥
Okay, I get it. The campus is short on classrooms & has to use library space. But jeez, does it have to be music appreciation? Too loud!
Tom is hot
Be the type of girl you'd want your daughter to be and the type of girl you'd want your son to date.
That's good to know Mr Marlowe, thank you!
Simulate concern, Sir!
Thanks for the follow! :)
#uwgrad the final commencement of the weekend! Here comes the official party to the stage. Congrats to the L&S graduates out there!!!
Thanks! That's probably my favorite part of this job.
I've added her so when's the bet over?!?!?! haha
Yankee game wednesday..boo ya!
RT : Press Release - Village to hold Final Budget Hearing on Proposed Fiscal Year 2012/2013 Budget Monday, April 2nd
Does the brand of clubs affect your golf game?
"And the story has to be true, because it was reported by shakira's hips" -snl haha
Those say people judge Pres Obama by actions as a child.
I hope I get there! Silliness at
Judge Hearndon tells faith healing couple you are nice and could be beacon of faith but tortured view of medical field you got it wrong
I hope you didn't just get scolded for unwelcome touching at #gc2012. Our #UNYAC games don't apply there.
RT You don't mess with people that handle your food. Or the computer people.
Just went hard in French class
Thanks for doing, it, Tim. It was awesome.
wow that really means alot:) we are recording more songs next week !! I cant wait!
Hi, just noticed you used to quote me. I wish I was electric! alas, I'm just elotro.
why not manhattan. Who you gonna beat up v?
in my opinion of course, over all bad market can damper that one.
Woohoo!!!! RT : My blood pressure cannot take the play offs.
have a fun time w the kids in Boston! Tape the doors at night if necessary :)
yea about that.. Nobody told you to go
i wanna dance x)
We need to get this account poppin. We should be like but for matt hahahah
Reason why I'm single 1) I can't date myself 2) I can't date my celebrity crush 3) I can't date food 4) I can't date the internet.
Responded to FIRE @ 1420 Clay Avenue, Bronx, NY 10456. Red Cross auto update.
Getting ready to leave what has to be the world's worst Comfot Inn, Canon, NC. And we were charge more han $100 for this fleabag.
More annoying: Amateur sports reporters + off season drama, or Justin Bieber?
feeling the SXSW buzz building up ...getta puccia ..ciao
Yes.... India
#kced "how do you have a chorus when everyone is online? I don't think it's possible" -
I am sure my Ru wouldn't appreciate the remarks and will address it. Phi phi means well...I hope lol
Ship donations of medical supplies and non-perishables to: UPS STORE 118A Fulton St. BOX #205, New York, New York 10038
...after being selected to swim at the London Olympics
Needed some inspiration for a Moto dish-to-be that's based on a wine of my choosing, and I think I found it in a Sagrantino Montefalco.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great day.
is it funny your out with boys
James I came into town 3.5 years ago. Never doubted this is what I wanted to do. This year booked two comm.
Ozzie's praise of Castro had more to do w/ his being a strong LatinAm than Castro's or Ozzie's politics. 100% cultural.":
So sorry to hear about your brother :(. I'll be sending good thoughts your way!!
is excited to see kill it tonight at the concert!
what on earth are you all doing up there in Vancouver?
wow, last tweet was over a month ago? yeah, we've been locked in a basement practicing songs and only leave to earn a living
Looks a beautiful day for Franklin Street Featival!
#BocaBeerFest 5-hour party just isn't enough, join us for the official after-party at Biergarten Boca Raton
Do it. RT : Listening to Drizzy Drake... thinking of coming out with a Hip Hop album all about business :)
Wednesday- Jim Ripp is here 8pm on playing all of your requests. $5 Cosmos, $2.50 Bud Light bottles
Part Nine: A sudden change of direction for coastal military
HAI Miss T! How U B?
One thing I don't like about Naruto...they dedicate a couple of chapters to whoever is about to die....Kabuto, the next to die lol
Congrats to Red River for first place social media strategy
So much to do so little time! 5 page paper (didn't start) and another 3 page paper (didn't start) due tomorrow :/ ugh!
want to increase your credit score ?///// e-mail to start
Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Yeah I plan on playing in one of the tournaments one of these days.
Evertiiiime I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen....RT : Man-Friday still makes me laugh.
Happy humps!!
in Modesto?!
I think you two should meet.
Elements to live!!!! But ain't noway ama pay fifty
Must be good, when he give cuts at 6am.
So long pollen
In the New Order, only GOOD coffee may be served! <you will all learn this in the retraining camps>
What an HONOR to be presented a Grammy by this trio!
I think you could prolly throw heffas in there somewhere for alliterative purposes. Homophobic meter heffas. Or just drop meter.
Misses the koala!
Hopefully tickets won't be sold out before I get a chance to buy them!
I think I need to go hide in my closet and just cry for a while.
#DannyGranger Do Not Like #LebronJames .. I Wonder Why?
but i might be on later if you wanna hang out maybe just me and you for a bit so we can catch up? i miss you and love you tittie
So... the publishers weren't giving away any of the books I specifically set out to snag...but I did get some gems anyway.
Chapstick, eye luv you now come out from your hiding spot <3
HEY guys make sure posters are EVERYWHERE and visable, we've got people out there looking for them!
Imagine meeting someone who understood even the dustiest corners of your mixed up soul.
game time
phenomenal. i'mma house on any dumping within eyeshot.
love your profile on YA Confidential!!!
My new answer to the "what are your plans for after graduation?" question: "Joining a softball team and hitting around .400"
UI & UX are not synonyms of each other and should not be used interchangeably
Family story time lolol
Thank you so much for stopping by tonight! Have a great rest of the week!
Today is just gonna be a good ass day
Today's the day! How are you enjoying your first round ? RT : In Miami, playing golf at Turnberry Isle tomorrow!
Cant say I've seen it all,but I can say I've seen enough.
oh I see the difference now. it has a dropdown while you are typing. yeah that's really annoying.
I do believe Ur right nd I love u dearly
who doesn't ;)
Did anyone see people think greg mcelroy scored too HIGH on the Wonderlic test? Anyone want a dumb QB?
Why are so many librarians at #ala10 so grumpy? Smile people! Its all about books, libraries and friends here!
: I haven't forgotten about you. I'll send the info soon.
When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'Then what are we fighting for?'
It was great to be there at the rally today w/ another non-US Citizen colleague! We may not be able to vote but WE DO CARE!
Likewise! Be sure to send those #nonprofits my way.
Aw, sorry for your sting!
blogging about small business resources
I love it when some storming overlays our more than frequent sunshine, makes you appreciate what we have :-)
What's good everybody
#OomfNeedsTo realize that I'm not immortal, that I won't stick around forever
Commuter Corridor Happy Hour: 5:30-7pm – Soft polenta with brandade, oil-cured olives and parsley and $3 draft beer!
Good morning Beautiful People ))
Hey there, (screenleap), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
work followed by party on the #riverdeck for some much needed drinks!
#FollowFriday #FF RT Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
looking forward to #heartcamp news!
Goigng to school on time feels weird o.O lol
sorry, I don't have any email from you. Can you please resend when you have a chance?
Don�t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
you have a new book coming out? I hope you start advocating some anti capitalist stuff. And I hope there are ideas for new economy
Gone are the days when I was young I was raised not to hurt no one Now these days I fear Love isn't very clear.
hahahahaha yeah buddy!
Having fun with my bby & my big homie
stressful day! Blergh
That was my Monday. I went back to sweaters.
Hi Shannon. I'm Randy Richter and I tweet and I am willing to be listed with other accelerators!
is going to be ON Tonight! Arrive Early and come correct. Tables are Highly suggested to make entrance easier!
Happy Gandhi Jayanti Orkut Scrap : Pictures, Images, Photos ...
And that's what I'm doing...dancing and sipping
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered. Edgar Allan Poe
Today is #AndiesBirthday ! Hooray for awesome bigsisters! Love you ! <3
I've finally become desensitized to this shit....I don't care who comes or goes anymore. *Shrugs*
hope u feel better..
It played twice. And it played about 20 minutes ago, for the second time.
Correction on Fandango SXSW party. It's March 13th. Facebook automated settings era.
Never hire a contractor who drives a better car than yours. If so they are charging way too much money! The other guys need the money!
aye dm me
I kno cuzzin.. ..RT it's all good in the hood, not even worth attention
follow back;)
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you! I'm thankful for the ALA & all of the good you/we're doing for Lung Health in WI!
ru home?
In Bio gotta love DNA....
Dumb bitch said my life is going no where! >:|
Tickets on sale for BREAKFAST BUFFET & TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA & STORY, SNACK & TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA TODAY! Contact Dana Kirn at 410-752-2462 x221
You just reminded me why I don't like roommates!
thank you! We're thrilled to be working with you! Can't wait! :)
Missing a night w/ Shop Jeen team CUSP event tonite! #Midterms are ruining my life.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well
Ugh.. so flippin tired barley went to class today i need to get out of doing that.
what was wrong with the halftime show? LMFAO made an appearance. They don't belong on stage with Madonna or at Super Bowl.
#textmeif your still up and have my number.
"speaking words of wisdom...let it be"
im pretty good!!!! but look... sorry to cut u off! but i gtg! sorry :/
It is not my fault that I'm better than all of you. I'm the 1 percent. Your not.
Thanks for the RT, friends! :)
Wow! They did that fast! It looks awesome!
Hungry Hungry
and those are the people who really love "reality tv".
there is a point when the thing becomes the obstacle; draw better conclusions by focusing on the space around the thing.
Oh Long Johnson!
New Lexus parks itself. What good is that if there are no parking spaces?
No need to apologize you had to shoot it
buttery nipples
Hey! Thanks for having us on! Glad you enjoy the videos. Have a great day! xx
It's deja vu all over again, Tom Barrett vs. Walker. Wisconsin elects is opponent to face Walker in the #recall election.
Real mature...
tomorrow is the last practicum really sad I'll miss the kids were really great 2 weeks
I'm trying to determine if I need to put pants on and embark on an emergency pants providing mission.
WE ARE LOCATED CLOSE TO ATLANTA
I am pissed I can't play. I want to so bad!
EXERCISE DAILY.. " walk with god".. run from sin.. !
the cartoonist went to IU, so how is it true? You have facts too support that claim?
Look for work, or #write? Heck--I'm getting out in that sun. #Reading is writing too.
Captain America is so cute.
A spare moment to sit on my balcony and enjoy my coffee is
attn #seamayday protesters, this is a reminder: if they start firing rubber bullets at you, you reserve the right to light them on fire.
Those dreams that you don't want to wake up from <3 :') my babe means the world to me
NF Hope you follow back and join my movement. Strictly for Divas & Gents!!!
At least they didn't not put the song of the same name on the soundtrack
is making dirt pudding
On a scale of Chris Brown, how hard can you hit a bong?
Even tho I really need to as it stands, I'm not going to school tomorrow....
Wow Rangers, good job! Way to pitch Holland!
This in intense. ps dude golatended
Pickup Line: I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
Very Proud of "Baltimore Education Coalition" in their success last nite w/ bringing 700+ parents to City Hall for school funding Advocacy!
no. is the problem. He needs to get off the couch if he isn't going to tweet.
hey there
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
Bout to go through it on this flight to Allentown. should be unlawful for two big dudes to ride like this
thanks & God Bless U
We just gave bedding & households to a newly housed beautiful person!
I'm just not gonna touch you anymore.
All this Apple blogging has got our office into a Droid vs. Apple competition. Siri is slacking.....
Beautiful weather we&#39;re having:)
thank you! short...but sweet
Your suprer hot, fire hot, somethin like the sun in the sky<3
. What a great way to gain support! Really, jacking + dominating discussions you deem insufficient is just the thing.
Jefferson is ... Supremely cool!
just excited to see the new recruits Charlie Strong has coming in. We can support more than 1 sport at a time.
COUGH , yack. Think brazilian yellow and green (my ringer t today) the combo kills the tie. NO PIC!
I love watching and Watch What Happens Live! Never miss it! Not even the repeats!
At the NBC upfront at Radio City Music Hall. Much better experience that last year.
Busted! 45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians
Ugh just started... Any advise? I need to follow more ppl
Such a beautiful sunset! Miss ya! Have fun this weekend.
The best part of The Grey is the plane crash
trying to get used to college life and trying to find a job :/ things are very confusing now lol
Finally gonna get my haircut in like 10 min... It's about dam time.
Forgot how much I love playing basketball. Hamline/Hancock Rec Center pick up every Monday 7:30-9:00. All welcome.
r u wearing a suit again....I believe the public deserves a photo 😉
Passed down from generation to generation...
Wednesday's Lower Columbia at Chemeketa softball twinbill has been moved to 2 p.m. Friday on Heerensperger Field at Tam O'Shanter Park.
#FCdish who's here?
Wish you were here. :(
Nails with the momma #loveher 
I am the Mambo GodFather.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
precisely RT : not for a generation or two.
And if u ever get cold you'll just have to hack it, Cuz I'd be cold too if i gave you my jacket. #NiceGuys lol
Finally home 😁
OMG why people been texting me hapoy mothers day?? Wtf
Me and 's relationship is like a tsunami. It doesn't happen often, but when it hits it fucks everything up.
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass.
between and, inadvertently, , i've been put on to more fly sh*t than i would have ever found on my own.
Make that SAKIRI! :)
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
I love surfing eBay for Golden Age comics at fair prices.
Hey #ATX! 1.5 hrs left for you to get down to Highball & shop some awesome local vendors!! Get to it!!
7 cabins left on Allure of the Seas at locked in low prices about to expire DM if interested, free on board credits to the Western Caribbean
I love you 😘 follow me?
I've Decided To Be A Beliber!!!
#leanstartup / talk tonight should be good based on the discussion we had last week at launch
Why aren't my status updates showing up?
I've been praying daily. Thanking God. Praying for the health of family, friends, and myself. If you trust him, he'll always show up.
hehehe x yhu welcome and can we text :) miss gorgeous and hw yhu doing x
Yay! :) Coyotes are a tough team for us, so I know this series will be nail-biting! Going to need a lot of to keep me calm.
Did we have Soc. Studies homework ?
text me ASAP CHIKA!!!!
::dirty look:: No, SHE was driving a white 4x4 & if I wasn't a good driver, it would have been a really ugly morning.
follow back please(:
the Hesselbein Institute is wishing you SUCESS at tonight's event, we will be there! Congrats to INSPIRING YOUNG honorees!
is your bestie working at City Barbecue? Cuz I kinda think she might have taken my order there today.
Creativity Tip: To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. Joseph Chilton Pearce
and here goes the Heat fans talking shit on my TL...
...because they just don't think! Airspace between the ears. 8-/
Hear hear! RT : Thanks for your cheerful, competent, and friendly presence at
(cough cough) it didn't work this time (/ahem)
Keep the shipping numbers and pictures cominnn(:
aren't you sweet :)
I watched too! How did you like it?
definitely will next time. She was home with some friends celebrating her cpa exams.
Ugh...Brewrs lose :( but, you know I love Mark Kotsay.
I missed being in spin class with you! I was a lonely pedaler early this morn.
Instead of hating, start taking notes.
Biggest Union gathering I've seen in years. Lots of locals there. - JDG
I will never CHANGE, like the money in your sofa .
mom just booked our train and hotel for our trip to DC
Yes, thanks. Do they also install?
you pulling for 49ers?
omg, do u have recipe?? Pls share!
I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you! (:<
This just in: There IS no dagger...repeat: there IS no dagger in this game-Wayne Larivee/Larry McCarren
dat the truth :$
oh show was good, appt got pushed back & are my sunglasses in ur car
Time to get out of Afghanistan. Afghans don't want us there. US tried their best to help but they only care about the billions of $ we send.
better princess?
I totally just caught that fly :D #BORED!
To what end? As a starting point for shared vocabulary training? Because you know there is an actual technological "definition".
Now that I'm done with #TheHungerGames I can finally get caught on up some reviews.
um I'm in bec
Tomorrow night 11pm EST. A2zen.fm's very own Holly Hall will be my guest. Looking forward to a fun filled hr of open lines & astrology.
Bush era is like some massive trauma we've collectively suppressed. The minute it ended we stopped talking/thinking about it. (via )
Congrats on the baby!
Totally! I also bought myself a small bunch of roses :)
University of Houston students post your resume online
It's good news for Ravens fans as they will be good again. 12-4, Division sweep, #2 Seed...you ppl are worse than Hoosier fans.
This courtyard
Don't coaches have ppl upstairs to help them decide whether or not to challenge?
RT Trendeh The awkward moment when Diarrea is a trending topic... proving that the TT's really are shi.......never mind.
what u mean?
it was just more of the same, "If we don't play better come tournament time we won't win the title."
Decided to go to Tryst for a nightcap. The windows are open so I have a front row seat to the depravity of 18th St on a Fri night.
Age doesn't matter as much as the grade you're in.
I'm goin back to sleep
Never going outside again...these mosquito bites will be the death of me!
Sometimes... the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
is figuring out insurance companies and which to join. Interesting... Requesting compensation for services that you've already done... =P
bout to hit walgreens now
remember Xanga? that was awkward....
pretty much we are surrounded by seas..and it does snow..we are the evergreen state! What is greece known for?
Exactly one month till my birthday.
When is that? Update me
how far is Germany from Philly or new York?
Oh where are you going!?
#nowwatching Immortals and texting my bestfriend
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
Friends with benefitx
Within one week our SEO services generated over 250,000 for a small construction company in Denver Colorado.
come see us! :)
Rock! RT : up to play in SF, my boys playing in ATX. It's a cross-country rock fest!
so glad you like them! Heads up in the coming weeks for something you may like even more!!
I had an idea 4 a painting entitled Santorum Surge but dismissed it as a shitty idea ... :-/
Launch of New Email Archiving Appliance Results in Sonasoft to Forge Network of Independent Sales Representatives
I'm sick of florida I'm ready to get b.ck to the (north)carolinas
Getting ready for the Blazer game. Also all you blazer fans, be on the lookout for our Lunatik blazer tee. Gotta rock the hometown team.
You actually ate 2 jumbo slices one time!
will u be carrying the #NASCAR nationwide race from Phoenix today?
it's truly delish! in my movie version, felicity-evil olivia munn; chloe-sienna miller; stacy-mila kunis; hannah-becki newton!
Hitting 2nd, actually.
haha same! Im so screwed especially because it was due forever ago
#fuckinghatewhen someone texts me first then doesnt answer when i text em back smh
Good morning everyone!
Thank you gorgeous!!
It's Grab N Go Friday! Stop in on this beautiful day for your fresh hand-tied bouquet, only $14.99!!
planning to blog more about the change in workflow (prev tweet) and my addiction to LESS (idk why i enjoy it so much).
Thank you for the RT!
Congrats! I'm sure it meant a lot to him. // I still get the shakes! But it all turns out ok!
That's very debatable. Rio goes for 14 on 5 of 9 shooting with just 2 TOs and you see it as another chance to take a shot
I LOVE Geoffrey Royce Rojas!! Im officially his girlfriend!!...=D...lol
#tweetyourweight 237.0 lbs and 74 days till the wedding. At this rate I'm going to lose 135 lbs! Frickin awesome!
Great Benefit Brunch yesterday! What a wonderful way to spend a Sunday with
arrrgh I'll order from my phone on the ride down LOL
“ Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. ”
It's already Thursday one more day of work.
At least Jordan Hill isn't just choking his wife on this one.
loves summer nights
Religions change; beer and wine remain.
Tell you're friends they want to be part of our army on Twitter.
We have new Extended Service Hours! Saturdays from 8am - 4pm!
This is ALL for YOU.
Well Joby we already know he bit off yours :p
I'll take you, and you, and you.... Feeling like I'm at a candy store!
Making cupcakes with (:
Am I printing out a proof of BLACKBERRY: a magazine? Why, yes, I am!
thanks for sharing that Pens track!
Hi Ryan, please check out our medical info flash drive devices which are great for parents of special needs kids.
at losing! 😜
*cough cough* fourhundred twentysix days and counting.
Should be watching mania but is waiting to clock into work.
We're trying to fill up our sxsw playing schedule. Anyone know of any additional parties/shows lookin to fill slots?
At the TMA awards ready to see which talent agent will win... Will it be again?! :)
"I am a hardened and shameless tea drinker,who with tea amused the evening,with tea solaced the midnight,and with tea welcomed the morning."
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Thanks! Happy Friday! RT: Congratulations! RT Fatboy® is in 's April/May issue!
define negative? Any complaints at all or mindless hate?
I'm out! :) might get on later! :) -Amanda
RT Hey, , just finished finals & wants to hear your songs on my show tonight!
Complimentary webinar: Promoting a Culture of Learning in a Non-Profit Environment: A Case Study featuring Feeding America.Tues, Sep 27 1pm
I can't watch this game anymore, shit is ridiculous
I always sit uncomfortably close to these 2+ seat takers...even when there is ample other options on the train. ~PK
I've really enjoyed our word nerd chat today.
Less than 12 hours!
Career Education shares slide on lower enrollment report
yeah, we will.
I'll remind you trust me :)
Giancarlo Stanton certainly seems to be warming up; second laser to LF clears the wall, 3-2 Marlins
Does someone need to climb the tower to fix a transmitter tube?
BITCH U WASENT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
omg lmfao when he said he was coming to Chicao again I just had so many mixed emotions going on ...
Columbia heights! Staying home sick today with a nasty head cold, but some Greek froyo would sure help!
now i have to read it! u gonna read the sequel?
you must have talked to Michelle about her wedding/trip.
I LOST MY PHONE NOW I CANT CALL YOU :O
Got accepted into the MBA program. Here we go.....
Feeling slow. Not motivated at all. Depressed even. Send me some inspirations!!
it was written in the stars at the FIU stadium! Thanks for all your energy ! Great performance!!
Sounds like a sunny day in a cookie! : Orange Lavender Creamsicle! Made with These WILL make you smile!"
Have I ever told you how amazing you are? You totally rock! Cheers!
