Kerry Wood, Y U NO ALLOW RUN?!
Jeff Long. Went to school with and may have been to the row once before...
honestly ran out of characters and "hate" was only word similar that would fit. Apologies.
Holler. RT : Visitors looking at screens in museums to exclusion of exhibits is a content-not a technology-problem.
I be ballin' all alone like the gym is vacant.
Oh god. You.... are aDORable!
Sigh... Is it that bad. I had to stop looking at my copy because I keep finding things to fix. It will never be perfect.
The economy is so bad that girls are putting summer dresses on layaway... at Aritzia. And by girls, I mean me.
Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
Do you think you could kill a loved one if they became a zombie?
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
ManU fans are worse than Yankees fans and are as bad as Boston fans.
darts are on nbc sports net. reminds me of the time i beat the 16th ranked polish darts player in a warsaw bar 3 years ago. fact. seriously
i will b over in a minute
Glad you are having a great time. :) Can't wait for the premiere of
i need to get drunk. my life is too stressful. i think I'm having a mid life crisis.
Tomorrow at 10 a.m. (9/4)-- More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: History of Virginia Cavalier Football with Kevin Edds and Coy Barefoot!
YOU BETTER COME
Out of cream for the coffee. Yikes!
is thankful to for great tutorials on youtube.com
Anyone have any fun plans for the weekend? Happy #Saturday!
3x first team pac10, 2008 offensive POY, one of the top pac10 career rushing leaders. Yes, he's a legend. End of story.
What did Zimmerman get for hitting Hamels? If nothing, that's BS!
There's this Wharton guy around town.
for real though I need to take that test
Hope all goes well with my gramps
Today we picked up 's option. So he'll be staying with us for a while longer. Big win for us.
Thanks Dean!
Wayne County Airport Outreach on February 23, looking forward to partcipating!
and now to book a flight :)
I wish it was different... But, it is what it is.
Bye guys love ya<3
Hitler wasn't such a bad guy, after all, he did kill Hitler.
If a directioner says they love all the guys but u then they're not Directioners
#beatcancer 10 cents! ding ding ding
Twitter I've missed you! Now that midterms are over I can finally celebrate being 21! Woot woot.
Lady Gaga's MTV Documentary Gets 'Emotional'
haha. I know!
dude...nice little downpour at the compound right now.
All the time God is Good
Happy Mother's Day!
“: First time I seen the sun in like 10 days” is that what the big yellow thing in the sky is?
Come to Bogart's with us tonight and see The Last Troubadour.
haha saw that earlier, unreal
“: What time does the takeover begin tomorrow?” all on at 7PM & a second 1414 will be tapped at 9PM for the latecomers
It's a fair offer if you need two starters, but I'd rather have forte if the rest of your team is strong
Miss you!
I wish I was on . So you think you could dance :(
May be eating crow on this BOA....lol
uuh do you even care? “ Ask me if i care?”
James Harden's beard sweeps the floor with the defending champ #Mavs. Time to rebuild Mark Cuban. Bring D-Will to Dallas.
Whitney Huston tribute tonight @ Salmon Springs park. We're there Live
Needs too check her notes on her phone ^.^
IT IS THE WORST. I mostly just dislike house guests in general, haha. Especially during the work week.
Hope you have an exciting 2012!!!
Thanks to all who came to Town Hall last night. We're proud of all our performers, poets, composers and volunteers who made it possible!
You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch, I wanna hold you so much. <3
i hope im a hot adult
come over! after my bro leaves I'll prob hang here for a little bit before I go to the library
Goodbyes are always hard no matter how many times..
I'm on YouTube. I have 36 views. 35 are my own. Who could be the other?
#followmekianlawley PLEASE FOLLOW ME! It will be the best birthday wish ever!
Did you know MKE has a postal statue? It's on Plankintin and Wells. A demonstration for postal workers will be there
camera system currently installed.....i love it now stay the fuck away from my door, bitch!
And he think im finna cry over him...
Just finished sending our Round 2 Commercial Facade Improvement applications in! 7 applicants - over $55000 request. Wish us luck!
Packing up campaign lit for the Dem candidate forum tonight in Pinecrest.
Hehe good for u????
Finally home from the piano bar, too much singing.~~~lol~~Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.~~Albert Einstein
yup - added it and playing it...great song!!!
I sure will... I have a bunch of shows that week too! Let's hang out & let me know when your shows are! I wanna come (:
Today at BDW we have started boneless wings combo for 6.99 for a med frie and drink
This game is a fucking shitshow. I feel like I'm at the circus watching a bunch of clowns.
Me: "good news hun, looks like Hart will be in the lineup tomorrow." Wife: "ah, that's not good news, he sucks."
Jealous. Also curious: examples of artifacts to be considered as instances of non-digital sound mapping?
Nothing like finishing your workout at 8:20 PM on a Sunday night.
Taking Sunset Blvd from Brentwood to WeHo during rush hour was not the best idea.
Smh lol RT Craig has on a suit made out of Mike Brown's suit lining. lol
She makes a wish on every single star she sees, yeah somewhere deep down she believes
O/T period for #MISLChampionship game 2 underway
First morning at #dtl2011, new attendee welcome session.
Best smoke this side of FLORIDA.
Logan Square Kitchen announces closing, citing burdensome city regulations: Here's an excerpt from and linkto her full post: It's a s...
Love you!!!
so happy for your guy
When in doubt - get out of there and know that you hold the answer or at least know where to get it.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
Help us spread the word around the #NW !! You don't want to miss 2010!!
Thank you for including my tweet
Already missing San Diego! I knew it wouldn't take long =/
have your agent do it. Saves a lot of time
Congratulations to Lynn Slawsky of the Public Library Association, winner of the raffle for a free Grantwriting Workshop !
It seems we are having some bold and beautiful brides this year. I am seeing some vibrant colors from hot pink to turquoise. I love it!
Find friends who live in the area.
no clue! I found it in my photos! Lol!
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
THE MORE OPTIONS, THE LESS FAITHFUL!
Haha! That's kind of amazing. Cheesy, but still amazing. Lol
yes. Words to tweet by.
Bring some marshmallows to the show sat because red devil lounge is gonna BURN
Not true. I'm extremely complicated in my simplicity.
and I aint subtweeting anyone just speaking on what i feel
In another life....
Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC & Lower Westchester No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
Tired and Hungry and Mad as all hell
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 19
Start every day with a smile and get it over with. ~W.C. Fields
Hanging out with and others tonight, let's hope this weather stays nice
Ok I'm finally in there guys! lol im not an egg anymore show some love! follow me at you know i got you back.
is telling everyone to tweet that same thing?
I never actually sent my Santa letters to Santa. I would give them to my parents so they could "send" them for me.
just getting off bus
RT : SVG: "It's 12:02 right now. If they wanna fire me at 12:05, I'll go home & find something to do. I'll have a good day."
Post-Mother's Day chocolate crash.
Computer is being gay ... -__- .
No need to thank me my music friend yet it is appreciated. Continued success!!!
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Just tapped Elysian Peste Chocolate Chili Ale.
hey can u mension me please?
I am tired of a "focus on the bad things" model of justifying digital citizenship lessons.
A throw of the dice will never abolish chance.
Attm, best chances for adverse combination of snow/wind with impending storm will be between La Crosse and Madison...
yeah like, they could be a pedo for all you know.
One downside of #lisa10 - I'm "working" on a holiday.
RT Giving tuition to Policy Studies staff on use of digress.it. Want to use it to support critical reading of legislation
The question has been posed on my FB - what is Jay-Z's worst album?
#BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
Happy opening day Brewers fans! Don't forget that you can get Louie's and Booyah at the craft beer kiosks and Hop Happy inside Fridays!
Not sure that response from helps. Districts collect waste but directs them on the content of your bin.
indeed, we did! thanks! has baby #3 arrived?!!!
HAH! RT : I figured out why #50ShadesofGrey is so bad. It started out as Twilight fan fiction!
Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge tonight!
my cat died today... Good enough excuse?
. Good info, Carol. And one that, as you know, speaks volumes to me.
Damn, I took a nap earlier now I'm gonna be up all night. Greeeeeaaaaaatttttt
Well I had tough day today I'm bout to take a well deserved rest tho although I do need to make a call
he's okay . not a big fan of him , though .
I just climbed out of a cottonwood tree I was runnin from some honey bees drip dryin in the summer breeze <3
We are counting down - almost SHOWTIME!!
Time to hit the gym
In the studio this week crafting the original score for 's new children's book. Abt to educate a new generation of child geniuses
Aww, thank you so much! I just can't wait & it's ONLY 2 weeks away that I leave!! :-)
90s RnB >>>>>>>> - way better than the fuckery that's out now
Hey! I love that your determination to make something happen, has given people hope.
I know that is a coder at heart!
I CAN'T HANDLE THIS ALDFKSF AND I'M MEETING YOU AND JAZ AND EMMA I'M SO EXCITED
yeahh. Later. Where are you from?
Thank you so much(: it means a lot!
Bizarre scanner traffic...
Vegan 101 series is in pre-production for Season Two. Please help us raise funds by donating to us today. www.vegan101series.com
you clenched that pun opportunity from me!
and #HIMYM. I win.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY my birthday sucked but I hope yours is awesome RT please
Love your tweets :)
Romney's past bullying of a gay classmate may help solidify his #regressive base, but hopefully it alienates at least as many undecideds.
Get all Coverage of the Superbowl and Pro Bowl! Ill be saying whats happening. (No Half-time Song Lyrics. = /) =)
just had a great massage 😁👍
I get out from school on June 15. Can't believe one of my best years in school is coming to an end..
Boston: Why honk your horn for only 2 seconds when you can hold the sucker down? Just let 'er rip in the middle of the night for no reason!
looks good!
if you are on facebook, you should LOVE us. or like us.
great example!
ur parents just dont like whore's i guess....
It smells like rain and sounds like Thunder. Got to love a good rainy Friday.
Send me a plate telekinetically.
"Power concedes nothing without a demand" Gwen Ifill quotes frederick Douglas
it's okay you're still cool, I guess ;o
Hey ! is doing the MBM of Real v Bayern!
hey guys!
Determined Simple Plan's "Welcome to my Life" will be my anthem for the rest of the night... shit.
Sending off auditions for Army Wives! Role of EMT and Doctor!
Not too bad after Wednesday. Let's do late this week or next!
FREE VITAMINS! Just text HEALING to 91944
I know those "omg I cannot believe this photo of you!" DMs mean nothing, but don't they make you kind of self conscious anyway?
Text TREY to 79922
I swear one day I'ma do it BIG and all you "friends" are going to be there asking for a share . . . where were you when I needed you?
Getting ready to carb load for the OneAmerica 500 festival mini marathon. Not running just cheerleading. Watching all those runners just...
#20SongsILove 10- what makes you beautiful by One Direction. 11- stuck in the moment by Justin Bieber. 12- Stay by miley cyrus.
#howtopissyourgirloff call her a B I T C H
just watched the Torres hit on Hossa, its disgusting what hockey has become. i bet Torres only gets 3 games for that.
Ayyyy ain't been on here in a min.,wusz gud twitter
what you doin in ma neck of the woods?
all defense for the #Packers. Word is that we've found some steals in the draft. In Ted we trust! Nice win too for Forest.
i needs to hit the club
336yds!! RT : trivia q: what is mark sanchez's career high for passing yards in a single game? reply w/ answer 4 chance to win
Your lucky cuz this year is the Year of the Dragon
Will there be any tour dates in the San Francisco Bay Area this summer? We would love for you to come here again.
Girl u smokin
A Day In the Life of a Blogging Housewife « Traditional Christianity
Getting ready for our Halloween Hustle Fun Run on Saturday! Over 3,000 CPS students & families will be celebrating being active!
then I can meet her!
Mat Latos, meet Dusty Baker.
Yoga tomorrow. Bout to get ill. Welcome to the superswol!
good choice for video.Quick tip: make sure the eye viewer is covered it affects exposure.
I had patio furniture delivered from I wasnt home when it arrived. Delivery guy called me and literally called me "mother f*cker"
Nuggets Pre Game Show,5-8p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation w/ & w/ special guests &
how true that is.
NO idea! My application/resume has been changed to eligible and referred to the selecting officer for further review.
Glad you decided to check out !RT i was skeptical about at 1st but i listened & they are actually good
#ihateitwhen you hit the following limit!
No matter how many times you tell someone you love them if you don't TRUST them that "love" aint shit!
In the end, what we all want, is to know we made a difference and our life made others lives better....
I respect your opinion...
it's a rough time going, friend.
Check out all the rad guys. Own Up, Cognitive Atrophy, Dime Fiction, Defendants, Anodyne Solace, and KPConcerts Memphis!
One thing on my bucket list >> go to a panda express drive through(:
College football begins this week !!! Woo Hoo.
no fuck you
A woman on the subway just checked out my shoes the way guys on the subway check out women. #genderdisruption?
Just chillen at the downtown in the afternoon :D wbu?
I'll take hugs instead ;-)
The May issue of L&L is out! #ISTE members and nonmembers alike can read articles at www.iste.org/LL.
Well, the video is finalizing, but I don't think it'll be done tonight since I have to go to sleep :/ It will be up in the morning though!
Thank you so much for following me:)
RT : I just sent the best OKC message ever. I swear, if I don't get a response I'll just have to go on living my life.
I guess so but still, that should not be happening
My sisterinlaw thinks she looks like Kim Kardashian when I curl her hair . Lmfaao
That is a lot to ask, but luckily there wasn't much to tweet about.
seriously, i get them ALL THE TIME ;)
hows everyone's crappy rainy morning? good. eat some toast. that'll help.
love you
hey do you play fantasy soccer/futbol/whatever?
any team other than the 13x World Champion Green Bay Packers still suck!
#Survivor...Jury time!!!
It's the end of march and I'm listening to 's Christmas album... I regret nothing.
that's weak, maybe I'll make it to the bay soon
yes, we are very excited! We went shopping last night for some puppy essentials :)
i hate being sick
I'm pretty excited - just put a deposit down on a table.
Hola Pablo! I hope you are doing well. How's the ABC going?
Why the assumption that I'm not fasting?
sharpies or nailpolish
Shiitttt, my room is to cold! -__-
Congratulations on making your decision! Let me know if there's anything I can do to help you get started!
It's like my new goal to save up for an indian headdress..
dusting off my html skills which have totally atrophied since library school
damn aron that looks bomb af!
Today: sat in on talks. Then learned we now have an urban beehive. now literally buzzing with good ideas.
Thanks for the follow back, guys! Keep doing awesome things!
Just talked to Chaka Khan. Shocked to find out she's shy & doesn't listen to music. See our chat Friday AM
I CAN LOOK INTO THIS MIRROR EVERYDAY AND SHE MYSELF IN PAIN BUT ONLY I CAN EZ IT UP
movies an official disaster than.
Anything from Norway MUST be good! ;)
Hey, Andrew. Tiffany had mentioned you're in search for interns. Would love to hear more about the company. Thanks!
thanks for following! Please spread the word :)
do you know if any of the and which one's r gonna b @ bowlero tomorrow 4 bowl 4 the cure?
Now we're creeping up on 200...
Literally just finished screening the film w & and your performance was dam adorable & strong! Dam u!
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
help Washington since all they do is loose money and apple makes money
I don't think we should be friends any more.
Also, happy birthday Peace Corps!
I've heard caffeine can help a headache. I just drank 1 liter of pop, and now I have a caffeine headache. no other news to report here.
Tryna get paid for each day on my calendar.
NEW TWITTER NEW TWITTER GUISE. !!!
Up getting ready for the world
Hope the first aid box was properly stocked for you!
RT : Waiting for my melatonin to kick in.
u know I gotcha
Do good, O Lord, to those who are good, to those who are upright in heart. Psalm 125,4 plz rt
Yes. Whether or not the business model is sound depends on the biz's ability to make money at a given sales volume.
Anything Alex Award-winning is always a safe bet and very often standalones.
BETTY DRAPER IS BACK
Bob Feller
we are writing the treatment. Thanks for any information you can offer.
wtf is my dad doing outside??? is he hoola hoopin?!
be prepared to read the whole books in one sitting, I read all of catching fire yesterday couldn't put it down! So good!
Bahaha!!! And most people don't know "they're" shit!!!
2 more shows announced for October! We will be playing oct 7th at bayside bowl 630, and Oct 28 at big easy with . YES.
Sorry for the retweeting spree, but that was some funny shit.
Woke up this morning dreaming that someone was trying to kill me and Tony Soprano. Gotta stop watching HBOgo
nice alternative to Instagram
2 bad bitches at tha same damn time!
New Zombie Crawl website coming very very shortly.
husband accidentally bought "special fashion issue" of people. issue is all kate middleton. she really needs to quit dieting.
MT Hey !! Re defense of "anti-piracy" legislation #SOPA and #PIPA they don't work, they can't achieve, send them back
hello there iOS 5, I've been waiting for you :-)
lol hell yea
Stayed out east last night, gotta be there tonight for the candle light!
lol was that you as a kid jenni too cute!
That works! Lol
Fried brioche doughnut holes with raspberry preserves and meyer lemon curd!!!!!
Hahahahahaha. You're killing me with these. I love you! :)
eatin taco bell :)
TYVM Sweetie ♥ I Pray u get to feeling better soon!! XOXO
i do not believe it... ok i do! XD
Shooting an entry for the Doritos Crash the Superbowl Contest today. Beautiful morning down here in San Diego :-)
Wow, what a reception! Thanks all #baconfam!
Good Morning!
In da library
good lookin' out
Bout to go get a haircut
Hmm I'm sure thats an estimate just to keep us from filling it with 8 pages worth of images hah. Maybe aim for close to that?
Sunny, beautiful & surprisingly cool tonight with strong headwind.
he really did that?! That such a twisting of the bible. But according to him "I'm a fake Christian" lol
Thanks for the RT, David!
Any idea when repeats start on TBS?
kmsl thank u big head
you know the person your going to marry is walking right now on this earth? Well just gonna say its probably me;) xoxo
THANKS!!!! Ah
not at all haha
When is the next one
HubSpot’s software helps your eCommerce business grow
Tweet me the craziest thing you've done cause or for Austin and i'll RT them <33
burgers are good youins
Yes it would cody :)
#Heartattack For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Title: For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Category: Health News Created:
#oomf ain't wanna hang wit me today!
RT thanks & belated happy anniversary! :)
“: Tune in to the at 8:30pm to watch on ” Wow! Lookin' good!!
Spinning - Brighter Day...wish he came out with a new album with just this style of House!
First #Packer game of the season!! $2 pints and $3.25 Huge Mugs!! 8 HD big screens!!! The brand new Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton!
No score after 1 complete. Cavaliers left two runners on in 1st. Bowdren, M. Harris, Hawkins due up for #UVA in 2nd.
Send message to TO ENTER... WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM.. for #sounderfc vs. houston... the ultimate ticket upgrade! Tell us why?
thanks for the important work you do!
Nothing more satisfying than the work I do. Saving lives one day at a time.
I want some International Love
I wish I could, but I'm showing homes again tonight!
There I was none the wiser both of us different trajectories who'd of thought we'd be right here in this spot, timing is everything
Spokeswoman from JetBlue: "passengers will be reimbursed for the flight and receive a credit for twice the value of their ticket"
Follow Successipes and send press releases to
Going with hubby to check out a Montessori school for our 4 year old! Anyone have kids in mont
wat up bighead
Emma! I miss you!!! Are you coming tomorrow?
I started beginners #french classes Going International!!
You didn't mention in your last tweet! He is also super creative!
Hey just discovered you from tyler and woow you have an AMAZING Voice!(: keep up the good work
Oh, I just meant we'd have Christmas next weekend. Sorry, the cookies will be stale by then. ;)
Real fans know what you bring to the game..Michael Jordan is retired, Kobe is next to...Without you the NBA is done!
just ha at u... I invented that shit
i like juice
u looked fucked up
I wish tinker would leave me alone..
It's beer :30 on Friday afternoon... what are you still doing sitting at your desk????
Thank U !!
Bruno Mars is performing...no comment
Oh is that so??!! Well don't I get a flash pass??
NEW Pasquini's Location Opening in the Denver Tech Center! MAY 2010!
Application Deadlines EXTENDED for some Spring 2012 programs! It's a sign! You should apply to #studyabroad! /www.cie.uci.edu/
pizza king was great recommendation
Butt, mouth, ear, details. Details.
#everyoneisanartist Travis and Michael are awesome!!
I wonder, Ladies, if U R eating dark chocolate while pinning on #Pinterest and wearing #Spanx, R U easily addictable?
233 grad student instructors thru the Center in two days (part of Emory's pedagogy training). Hope our efforts struck a teaching chord!
Everything has it's beauty, but not everyone see's it! Dedicated to Katie you are beautiful ,just not everyone can see that! <3 I LOVE YOU!!
Tomorrow is the last day to put your guess in for our jelly bean contest for your chance to win a $50.00 gift card to Actaea Works!
How can you be stuffed on turkey breast and cranberry sauce? #toomuchwine?
I Just Almost Got Slapped Lol
ice cold showers are quite the shock
Feeling like I'm the oldest in the bar...
RT D.Wade is Michael; Chris Bosh is Randy; LeBron is Namond; the Cavaliers r Dookie. This is Season 4 of The Wire.
Lets go Giants!
Five words:: #FUTURISTIC,, #LEARNER,, #RESTORATIVE,, #ACHIEVER,, AND #INPUT would these qualities throw you off??
I need to tell u,there are many good actors,but u've always got something special 4 me.I get stuck watching you.Just great!
Bacon is a free market breakfast if ever there was one.~Don
Working on new MyHRC Manager Performance Review buttons and updated user guide.
Happy sWING night! Eat 60 wings in 60 minutes and win Batting Practice on Wrigley Field! Think you can do it? Stop in tonight!
thanks for the invite..hate u...nunca
#SOPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today? Great! Tomorrow, what are *you* going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
So how much u wanna bet on da game???
more importantly cal radio station managers near you & ask them to cancel
Double header tonight
..in The Loop w co founder of the insanely awesome beer pong table gettin the scoop on their story for the site
Heard someone say today: If I had known you could read about celebrities on Twitter I would have joined a long time ago.
Danny loved going to the #Bills game. But he may not go with one particular family member ever again...unless it's free, of course. 222-6000
Tumblr Blog Features Photos of Celebrities and Their Cameras - imaging resource
rock and roll!!! (I picture him being that YouTube kid)
Complete list of Rosies nominees - Calgary Herald
i hate
It's a quote from "There Will Be Blood." Where you off today? I didn't see your awesomeness lol
.and its more that I'm the kind of guy that respects when someone doesn't wanna be around them, and saves them the trouble
We won BEST of Columbus 2011 from Columbus Monthly. Stop by and find out why!!!
"I wasn't born yesterday." Obviously not with those wrinkles! (; <---- I must say that response to a teacher before my life is over.
Lightening and heavy rain at the Notre Dame and South Florida game. I never seen a Notre Dame game when it wasn't raining.
on them this afternoon - scouts honor.
you need to start tweeting!!! Get with it gurllllll.
Just caught myself singing along to "she thinks my tractor's sexy" #OneConfusedIranianFromBrooklyn LOL! Yee-haw!
no problem
aw I hope you feel better soon (:
True true, love you guys <33333
Reading 's Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks; what a page turner! #Baltimore lore & sites throughout
I have a love/hate relationship with Greeley Estates.
Julia Child :) She's my favorite!
Playing tag with a 4 year old is my exercise
Hooray! I am now tweeting as --Follow me please!
Closed tonight for maintenance, cleaning beard/pube hair out of the soundboard.
What is it?
let's play the game blame, i love u #BLAMEGAME luv this song
I guess ill starve...
Spring cold go away! Looking forward to training again for the
#Leo MB guy of the day: Princeton
B-NO - as long as our teams continue to be sponsored by fizzy piss-water, i'll be drinking something else.
Needs Her Nails Redone Ugh
Macarena = Free shots.
EVERYONE Go FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Got two new belly rings. Ones a dragon :)
--> “: Ambassador Andrew Young is giving the keynote for the #HowardLawGraduation!”
Heck ya! I loved her in Love Actually and while I didn't like the movie Last Chance Harvey, she was great.
Nixon created Healthcare for profit with, guess who? Edgar Keiser (Permanent) Healthcare for profit should be illegal.
All it took was patience.
Moving the ball,making plays, and then a crippling fumble by Rodgers
well baxter can get into the fridge to eat the whole wheel of cheese
I enjoy my life.
thanks for the follow! Have been enjoying your work!
sleepy time, goodnight. (: x
um.... well, technically, since I haven't met you... it's a tough call at this time. ;)
you never set the date
that's when I bust out with my joker card... TLC
That's awesome! I think I built a snowman when I was 2. lol
Now this has gotten good. #LMAFO #Madonna. #halftime Super Bowl
and thanks for talkin to me about that girl prob it helped me get over her and i im done with her
Anyone else excited for baseball?
I love watching old couples be all sweet to eachother <3
That bytch loving the crew forreal
west court. And hmm either is good. would it be a suite?
Lost most of my chips with straight vs higher straight then went out a few hands later. Gg next time.
Please snap photos!
Bicycling directions on Google maps, yes! Just what I was looking for!
- Oh, that. That got cancelled. We are both sick. I'm snuggled in bed with my three girls, watching Strawberry Shortcake.
I really think you should follow us ;)
its for wonder caves
How? Where do i go to do that?
just be you and if she ain't seeing it then keep that train moving son
Gary Williams, Johnny Holliday, Len Bias to be honored this ...
Bought iPhone with Christmas gift cards. Is that wrong?
a RT would make my Friday a whole lot better or a pic of you working out :P
trying to concentrate on my homework & work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting???? hehehe! i luv it
Safe travels for today. We'll only be 3 states away for the next two days.
I need to follow more ppl ugh
To drink or not to drink? #Coffee that is--how many cups do you have in the morning?? It has healthy antioxidants, but moderation is key.
In a Samsung Galaxy far away, will Android still rule?
I am glad that the Libyan people freed themselves today and got rid of #Gadhafi It's amazing what people can do.
ill pass cuz
RT : - the elevator speech is like in person spam. Love it!
no no no no no no no no no no no no.....
One time!
.'s live tweeting of her trip to Florida have single-handedly made this the most entertaining day of my month.
Hi Tammy, It was fun talking with you. Please send me your email or email me at
It's. Like niketalk has a club lol
Our prayers have been answered💜
Hating myself right now.
where do you work?
What's your email dude? DM me
discovering www.google.co.uk is not YET blocked by district for image searches
Follow us on twitter and get $10 off your next rental. Just enter coupon code: twitter at checkout and make sure you're one of our followers
Why water
Planet earth is amazing.
Whats Up wit da Lakers? They look tired as hell.
haha well I have never puked doing it! 😜
juss doing some laundry lol I need to smoke
I've read so many of Joan Didion's these last 2 days.
I'm so happy I feel again did well to know the truth and now I'm really happy now I can rest in sleep ;) ♥
I tweet watch a lot.
AFBG continues to roll now up 70% from our initial alert ...
appreciated. And if memory serves, most of the slang they were dropping was waka flocka flame inspired. Aka, incomprehensible.
Would feel much more confident if I could find my hairspray.
"Hell is full of musical amateurs: music is the brandy of the damned." George Bernard Shaw, _Man & Superman_.
Applications are still being accepted to host the NEH-ALA CW150 Let's Talk About It program with support from the #OHC. See our website.
Are you leveraging your best people to make others on your teams more productive/more efficient?
Haha Oh man. Animaniacs as history.
I am open to meet for a coffee anytime Weds. Ink Coffee at 618 16th St. is right around the corner from the CC. Let me know
i already did along time ago lol
I lost the lottery, second fail at gambling in a week.
Our team at #LT12UK. Perfect event to help launch our new brand.
many thanks to you both! :)
I love the watch!
Catch these Zs
#getoverit rocked the #TEDActive stage with her limitless living. Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder
Rolling out of bed at 2pm on a Sunday feels like winning
good luck!!
Followed by the founder!! thanks for the follow
Thanks! I work a lot with remote groups and this is what we do to stay connected.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
ap exams: ap psych? done. ap spanish? done. ap calc? done. to go? ap euro, ap physics, ap lang & comp, and ap gov.
Sanchez talks about how JK Rowling has already "gone out on her own with Pottermore" #libmade (never thought of it that way, but true!)
we're interested in helping you stretch your dollars. we want to stay viable to continue producing the content you need.
hey unc lol how u doing!
takin a test
Aye what's up how you doin I miss you
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
": good luck in MI today! I hope to see you in Chicago someday!">>> this would be great and I wanna be there!
hey... you get my dm?
All A's and one C... Screw physics
and then when black guys dont date black girls honestly #ImIrritated Right now
Boys will be boys... and so will most men.
Roger Waters in concert in PDX!!
u still drunk??
Man its all gloomy looking outside lol
For sure. Hoping it will satisfy as a better iPad composing tool than boring old notepad. What do you currently use?
Let me text this girl for I forget
They think I'm strong and I don't mind. They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
Is participating in a "lean" process workshop with the team in my Den Hague office.
totally forgot to tweet u earlier :(
thanks for speaking up. or tweeting up - we're listening :) cc
i feel you, but I'm grown now & there's going to come a time when I will find a wife, but I will deff keep my eyes on Jesus #1 :)
"Whether you think you can or can't, you're right" - Henry Ford
I can't wait to go home.
thx much for the RT love!
Great job last night! I've having a blast at convention. I am looking forward to the afternoon presentations.
The most important metric to measure depends on what your goals are. It's really that simple. #MIMASummit (via )
you already sent one!! I LOVE it! wills end pic soon. I just emailed you about that.
Loving how hard the are playing! Win or lose tonight vs Duke, this team is gonna be fun to watch! Turn to ESPN2 now if you can!
used the wrong account but yeah who is that and you're a horrible person n
RT Cuz facebooks thinks its a fitness center! Or the movies!
I'm cool. lol
They said to keep an eye on as they'll be tweeting out a link when they're available for purchase.
follow me?
burned 183 calories doing 55 minutes of "Dancing, general"
shut up. ahaa
I still dont know if the Lions are for real, but they keep impressing me.
Bar la Grassa tonight, 90 degrees, dresses from - tonight is going to great!
Midnight and I maybe finally all packed...Cali bound tomorrow - I maybe too excited to sleep :)
I'm really over this....today I was at the mall for 3 hours waiting for them to fix my phone
bet fam bout to shoot it to ya now
MT vs TN in the NIT?? I gotta watch it
You. The first thing I think of every morning, the last thing that stays on my mind every night.
Jesus loves you
Always seemed like Jim Sorgi was pretty cool with it.
this is ridiculous! This officiating is horrible!
have a life, thanks. Trying to restore #WI after traitors like you tried to sell it down river.
If your mother incorrectly believes I'm influential about Venice and doesn't know is a vagina expert, then yes. ;)
Friend: "Where's this rain coming from?" Me: "Let me see here...the sky?"
I love it when I catch ppl mean mugging me!! Cuz trust me I LOVE STARING AT MYSELF TOO!!!!!!
Knocking off bunch of little to-do items involving SFX, our link resolver. Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
"World Peace?" If the NFL took a fraction of their halftime show budget and donated it to support world peace efforts, then I'd be impressed
The debut album tear the world down is now available on I tunes. :-)
Art breathes life back into me when I need something to believe in or hold onto..
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE SO I STEADY SMOKE THAT HERBAL MONEY COMIN FAST LIK EVERY DOLLA JST ON TURBO..
Brooklyn kids turn jungle gym into "play jail" - www.cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/03/24/a-jail-for-children-stirs-a-ruckus-in-brooklyn/
RT : OH: I totally put that whole thing in my mouth. #mkefoodies1yr Nice!
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 2):
Any positive thoughts I might have left today are for !
Currently making Homemade fish sandwiches 😍 and watching the whitesox game :)
Watching documentaries and relaxing
Shoutout to my bitches going to Ultra
Makes people try a little harder ^_^
we had homework? o_O
Favor please! Help us out by getting and to follow us. :]]
Kids Educational Videos - My Body
Therefore, send him forth in the body of sense to toil in the ground of false belief from whence he was taken.
Great win for Tiger !
That's the play this offense needs to get going, time to turn this offense around this year...right now!
I remember when I was all about jamming to
ALL I WANT IS YOU THIS CHRISTMAS
Thanks Amber for the RT, you rock!
Tired of living in a world of hopeless dreams and fake people if God took me today I wouldn't be mad
Don't think you won't get in trouble for all the shit you're saying back to me. Dumb fucking bitch
Young and Spiteful
......this is the best thing ever! Thanks! Find a way to deliver daily....I thought I signed up, but it's not working.
The lotto Is at 540 mill?
may be in town....but dunno but all the rest lol
lol! this pic reminds me of the ones they take of people on rollercoasters & water rides at amusement parks.
Do not feel like going to Ms.West class -____-
It's my life nd I get to do whatever the phuck I want...cuz I like the way how it feels
And yeah Thanks.
Me: mrs colucci yell at rob hes makin fun of the My teacher: dont make fun of the its like making fun of god! Lmfao
ok thanks for the update.
we've discussed how I feel about Barney..
Ah, gotcha bro. Yea that's right doesn't Kindness rune like break the game basically and skyrocket anyone's attack?
I will find you!!
Finally get to act up with my cousins.
thanks! We appreciate that!
I also stumbled across it last week before they released it. ;-)
i just reinstated my SAA membership....
Only about 11 more weeks until the Capital View triathlon. It's time to get my badonkadonk in gear.
Fabulous Hikes on Kauai, Hawaii:
your handwriting is PERFECT<3(: &&oooohyeah I'm on there:D
Yeah, I want you everyday You're so right, you're so tight
the next night the energy was still there. Im saving now to goto trying to make it 3 in a row
But googling for "black musician with eyepatch" got me nothing close to the letters. So I pulled in to assist...
The more money they raise the better the production will be and the longer they can stay in Seoul. esports SonsOfStarcraft LUV U GUYS
Darth vader just called me a deuchebag on the Hollywood walk of fame!! Lol
gurl I gotta tell you something about enano hope I spelt his name right lol
ok, what's the Best German restaurant in Go!
Hrm. Well, I'm glad you got it to work. Wish I knew what the issue was, though.
It seems like much more urgent cases than any of the police procedurals made in the U.S.
UPDATE 2-Manulife, Metlife submit bids for ING Asia sale -sources
i love this song! nicki minaj(: super bass
I'm not showing any declines in your name - can you send us a screenshot?
just felt like some beers at lunch...tomorrow is going to be a shit show....
I Heard U Suck Dick Is That A #TrueStatement.#ItsProblemsHoe #HoeGoH.A.A.M. Hard As A Muthafucka
g your way. If you believe in God send this message on, please don't ignore it
": #Waving Hey Baby.... Have a fabtastic week!!!!"Sis! What's good? Still waiting on the call! O_o
i think i'm gonna go for a run after work today.....i think....=\
rib tips like crack...
Surprise sex is always great to wake up to... Unless your in prison.
could u help me get more followers?
RememberingMom: One of her fave things to do on Mother's Day: Mow the lawn. In a bikini. With her hair in pigtails.
Did anyone else just randomly accumulate more Gmail space?
That is wonderful! Thank you.
House passed IPAB repeal & Malpractice reform. Shame they felt the need to combine them and avoid possibility of real bipartisanship.
is OPEN for Napa Hour at 5pm! Make your Tuesday great with a little
then get me Gingerbread for my Droid X
DO IT, FUCKING DO IT!
The door prizes continue to mount: is donating some Braves tickets for September baseball!
let us know if they catchy him,
YOU BETTER LOVE ME!
#Brewers have struck out 12 times in 8 innings.
Sounds Great!
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine. He gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
C'Mon Buddy, Ralph... don't be cheap RT : Mario Williams plans to visit the Buffalo Bills tonight.
Pick 2 #Robert Griffen I ...congratulation
Anyone playing Diablo? What are you tags?
She A Bald Head Sexy Bitch Wit a Big Booty !!!
first come first served, but we will have some mothers day specials that day.
Have you checked out "Dancing in the Kitchen"?! It's wonderful- my Goddaughter loves it! available at www.mymunchbug.com
Lots of thanks to for your support golfing for yesterday!!
Such a slackerr....wedding sunday is enabling my procrastination
It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction - Albert Einstein
Omfg my uncle just gave $10 o.o <333333333333333333
just checked the mail and NADA
"My love's like a star, you can't always see me but you know that I'm always there.."
Be throwing down at the Office in Lafayette tonight at 10pm. Hope to see you there!
They're re-routing the pipeline that cuts through our neighborhood to go around us. Supposed to remove existing pipe this fall
Margo's party was fun. But now oil have to get back to studying my lines:/
its amazing how fast i fell for you, and now i cant see myself with anyone else.
thank you ma'am
Lots of interesting developments in Brodkorb story, but from where I currently sit the intersection of communications & law esp fascinating
Red carpet!!!
Sure, I'll post my review of The Breadwinner!
are you busto?
always more giggles! tickle me, please. :)
It reminds me of a Creamsicle; therefore delicious
RT : Proud to be named Honorary Starter for 's Coca-Cola 600 at May 27
Thank you! :) Have a great day.
So um I was hoping for a reply last night, cause that's when I wanted you to come >;D
Going through so many photos. This is ridiculous.
as long as they mow their lawn and don't beat their kids I'm cool with it.
Half the band already in florida. The rest of us on our way to play the Florida Music Festival. Hope to see everyone there!!
After the PIT touchdown Vanessa said "Oh rats" Lol.
i am
OMG! Their O line was fucking horrible! Young had so much time out there that he could take 2 shits and still complete the pass!
A big shoutout to ! Thanks, my 997th follower! It means so much :]!
and we should be playing ghost in the grave yard with and having to be home when the street light came on and
George Zimmerman says he's sorry for the loss of Trayvon Martin. Says he did not know if he was armed. What's your thoughts?
The clicking sound and loss of traction are much funnier than the sight!
Whitney Houston died today. RIP Whitney. What an amazing voice.
today we pay homage to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, he celebrates his 28th birthday. Kind of feel guilty putting this on Twitter!
Play me on Draw Something. I'm "KristenHH"
Of course I'll miss him! He is a great guy! But I'm happy for him! I hope things go good out there for him!
I lost all my contacts, so I have nobody's number
Back on my iPhone 4! Finally!
cool name for the town you live in!
Just saw a fascinating interview with Prof Krugman on O'Donnell. Enlightening.
Had to swap my phone & hit my 5 device limit - can you help me out so I can download my apps? Any help is greatly appreciated!
The Brazilian, David Luiz, stamping his name in to this rivalry with a header. 3-0 Chelsea
I'm guessing 30 or so. We aren't limited to 10 at - plus sometimes there are conference rooms full of people.
honor society :)
Don't see ODU, but DEFINITELY ECU angle. RT Charlotte will build great football rivalry with ECU, potential for ODU as well
... thanks for the follow :)
#everyblackneighborhood has a drug dealer
I wanna rock.....snoop dogg (the kings g-mix)
Forget Votto, Ike should totally start!
I remember back in the days Chris&I would always go listen to R.J. Matthews speak. He knew how2 preach!
I don't know. I just don't want to make a cover then he hears it and hates it..
thanks so much for the follow :-) I'm honored and excited!
The last time a team I coached played this bad....oh wait, I've never coached a team that's played this bad.
I expected things to be different, but not like this. “_"
"This too shall pass. Often and loudly."
I Love my Babies!! #ForLife!
haha I hear ya!
I did. It felt amazing. They went ahead and did what they wanted anyway. It still felt amazing.
mentions are dead,someone tweet me:)
Voice of UW Fball Matt Lepay on : New #Badgers QB Danny O'Brien sounds like a "football junkie" like ex QBs Tolzien, Wilson were.
Don't confuse me for a common man ... For I serve others before myself! Check your receipt!
Investigation tonight in Radcliff, KY :) Should be a good one - we'll see!
sounds good!
Klout thinks I'm influential on Afghanistan... Why I do I feel a phone call from the government coming in soon?
Sounds so calm. Wish I were there too. Working late so I can be off on #Good Friday!
Happy Weekend Everyone! #TGIF :)
I imagine our relationship is what marriage feels like.
thanks. I was worried I am getting annoying with these updates.
Or do you not think so far ahead? Cuz I've been thinking bout forever...
Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation. We must always be prepared for endless waves of transformation.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Better check your pager. Your friends sent you a bunch of numbers!
Sittin here at my girl house tipsy n horny af!
Golf Wang rofl
Still counting down the days:) 2 Down, 2 More to Go! I need this vacation!
My Monday highlight: watching my shows.
#ShoutOut Need a DJ around the NJ area? Holla at this kid!
dude why
lets talk about it
That new car smell is great, but once it wears off, what smell signifies "clean"?
A lot of you have been asking about those "Professional Development" days. Yes, they are days where we really do work. On our tans.
It's funny how untruthful some people are, and then you find out so much about them.
thanks! Lol ik it's been way to long!
hahaha. okay I'll let the designer know no more govt name
#Bones #himym season finale time
yay! :D you can be my 35th tweet x)
wen seh says i wood rather have u dan justin bieber SIKE im lyin
#Readmob! Local indie bookstores gathered readers to spell "read books" on the steps of Gateway Arch. (And read, o'course.)
Dear new people at the gym, I hate you. -Andrew
SO cute!!! I'm loving her sandals!! I want some!! ;)
nothing like a bit of Reggatta De Blanc to get your morning moving
What up? I have recently become acquainted with and tasted some of her wines with he rep Dylan
Don't forget the mason jar full of moonshine
RE: Our conversation about Aldi: they have a knockoff Nutella for under $2. Put that on your toast and smoke it.
idk...just dont lose that butt...
RT if you loved playing in NY and you love me! Jkjk
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage
Funny how that works, eh? Oldest daughter took me out for breakfast, but now I'm home baking cookies for her
it still sinks.
Goodnight babes in Scotland~! I so enjoy seeing all the #RSA together<3 I love it<3
I like working in small, concentrated, intense blocks of brilliance.
You was and are very beatiful <3 You was fantastic! Love you<3
Catchy presentation. Very nice blog. Thanks for the follow.
I'd really like a plastic box pocket edition but I'll be happy with the plastic bag one. And 14 lbs of cardboard.
Exciting day at the Musée Magazine studio despite the rainy weather.
Any Super Bowl predictions?...
Props Chris Johnson. Man put in work & finally got his dues. NFL players risk their lives EVERY PLAY. Have that job & you'd hold out too.
Thank you for adding me to your top stories, I greatly appreciate it
Do you have your very own official Mile High Medical Cannabis Jar yet?!? Only $5.00. They are SWEET!! :)
The competition at AAF's national student advertising is fierce- but so are we.
wow Defense
your just stupid! and first of all im not scared to show my real me!
CASHER MISC PROPS: National Anthem OVER 1:34 seconds YES to Ochocinco catching a pass.
It's cold.... not cool
full house give piece of mind and sweet potato pie.
I�ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn�t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
About 1,040 hours of workouts in the gym = 2nd place at State. Great job Ellie! Now onto Regionals in a few weeks.
Hey everyone! Visit flypittsburgh.mobi today and sign up for a chance to win a $400 voucher from A Travel!
Our hometown is blazing with #NCAA Madness! Who do you pick for your Final Four? #CUBuffs? #CSURams? #Duke?
Detroit Tigers game tonight. Justin Verlander looking for his 21st win this year.
Sleeping Beauty:)
If I dont bang a White Girl by the end of this summer imma cry #NeedsToHappen !!
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
felt nothing in San Diego.
whatchu on bro
Not trying to start nothing I like things #drama free #im doing me!
We've got a sexy Cabana with your name on it!
When people can't tell me stuff to my face.
I get the sense that the #Flyers and #Penguins don't like each other that much. haha. Great game so far for your team!!
I got u! Hit me when ur back in LA - or come to Miami!
Follow back Love(:
Man, I thought Paul Curreri's _Velvet Rut_ was a great album, but _California_ might be even better.
That didn't go well....
Ugh femme boys sometimes make me want to slit my throat.
Tonight's DTR meeting is canceled! Next full coalition meeting is Thursday July 14th at 6pm.
As students, what causes you to buy something?
Happy International Women's Day!
In a music rut - playing the iTunes library on random to see what comes up.
Leslie D said this morning that a mobile web was a good start - a testing ground for app development
Whoo hoo! All day date with the same really nice guy! Omg! omg omg!
20 mil for a guy in the 7th spot is gross! I say put him 2 and let him play himself out of it, and flip-flop Youk n Ortiz
Right now we face racial and social politics unseen before...where the "face" of the product matters more than ever.
What I am looking for is not out there ... It's in me Helen Kellar
where da fuck is you at
10 tips for advancing any cause effectively #nonprofit #SANDAN ^ds
Aaron and I are watching Hoarders and it totally made me think of your mom's infatuation with the show
Penalty..red card..referee what next? Tuwavulie nguo? F Barca
Washoe Drive Fire update: 3,177 acres, 65% contained. Highway 395 to reopen at 10pm-midnight. RFD says blaze started by discarded ashes.
Pleasee Follow me [:
Heading to Indy for the Superbowl, adjusting to Mid-West life
#true ": YOU have the ability to change YOUR life, it's YOUR life."
You can eat noddles with a spoon
don't act like u weren't scurred lol 😜
baller new album
I have learned so much about myself since I have been living bymyself
No. Thank YOU.
bby come back :/
Forgot. See you soon.
You fellows are like a breath of fresh air! :)
We still love you
I did for a bit. They miss you. So do I!
Well, honestly. Being a advisor isn't REALLY work for me, it's more like playing dress up w/a bunch of girlfriends!
Congrats to and on the new addition!!
Yes! the maschine is awesome. I couldn't write back in a message. everything is well, just focused on school. and you?
Just so you know, these words you say mean everything to me
thx for the mention!
All is well as I needed an extra coffee hit this morning too. LOL!
do you find value in mass messaging?
The travellers were getting too near tonotice it
Happy to hear that!!
If i am not indiscret.! ** Please Answer.!
so big it doesn't fit in the camera :) I texted it to u. - mike
i would love to see your list!
It's that time of year again! in
Is the 1pm listening party today the only way to enter to win the Beach House glow in the dark vinyl from y'all?
Especially when you refer to Weegham Park, not Weeghman.
RT : Prime-time Friday evening availability in Chicago today: 5-7pm just opened up, so call now to reserve!
Trying to come up with a clever name for a permanent housing program for #domesticviolence survivors. Any suggestions?
Early up and heading to work.
Yeah, a Prezi.
#Kiski Basketball wins 2 games today in #National Prep Tip Off Tourney. 83-72 over Phase 1 Canada and 90-61 over NIA Prep. Balanced scoring!
so need a nap today but it's already late in the afternoon ;(
Looking good #coyotes!!
I know it didn't happen but Lasers should have been Hip Hop Album of the Year
Need a new year's resolution....
Went to my aunt homecoming and saw of my family members I haven't seen in yrs
Last 2 days off gonna do it big an then its back to work ....
oh my - he did it! congrats and commizzes to all the appropriate folken. and back to work for me sigh.
Agreed. RT Wild tho, Dre n Snoop hella old n still perform a WHOLE LOT better than most new rappers, even the dope ones.
Just saw this unique bit of advice for community moderators: "Be caution when spending members." (Be cautious when suspending members?)
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada .....
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully"
Staring at your phone screen with one eye open because it's so damn bright <<<
outlined awesome idea about role of libraries in supporting self-publishing efforts.
The doors are open!
Enjoying free wifi at Panera accompanied by free coffee thanks to my My Panera card!
NEW FEATURE: To get a response in one of 85 Languages add /lang:XY/ to the call. SP=Spanish, FR=French, IT=Italian. Complete docs to come.
“: The moment of joy when you officially became a member of #teamiphone” First Generation iPhone Member!!
THERE IS STILL TIME!! Four hours left in the month!!
pretty gud u?
It is a very Special Twitter Tuesday today at PFP. Enjoy 10% off SunCups!!! Including the new CARAMEL & MINT.Use coupon code: SunCups10%Off
Wiz khalifa -roll up still be riding
- Yeah! It's no longer roped off. The Leprechaun Patrol team is still being a little stiff about the late night swims though.
They say im cocky I say im confident
you got a you tube account? www.youtube.com/djderose724
General Knife Anthony Snowcat:)
#TheLuckyOnes is my two adorble kids
thanks for the RT!
I'll take four umbrellas please
Success comes not from the avoidance of failure. Most of the time, success is achieved only when there has been enough failure.
yours looks pretty cool, too. “: I think you've got just about the best job out there. #LuckyLady”
Thanks for saying so articulately in your essay on women and the patriarchy. Right on!
"If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt." Henry J. Kaiser
Pay what you can is tonight at 8pm!!!!
If I had to pick one, I'd say Harrell right now. Too early to get a gauge on what Trocha's going to do.
better question ...why does a pro outfielder not know how to catch a flyball looking into the sun
*~itz to quiet today i mean to to quiet~*
Starting to fight a headache..seeing if I can pull off ALA.. I don't want to see my professional goal die even tho it hurts right now.
sorry :p
Proud of my lil bro jus planned an event for him next month, stay tuned for details RT
How did that first pitch go at Wrigley? That was on Wednesday wasn't it?
let's hope for 15 more this year. “: TD Antonio Gates! Wow, that felt good to write.”
is now 21+ venue.
well they killed my friend friday. me and him were buddies and we were going to college for lacrosse together
I appreciate the feedback. Thanks! : )
you or pat hve anything to do with my air conditioner being stolen? Lol.
I feel like screaming my ass off. Lol
Inquiring minds want to know...is there a hashtag in use for the MAA conference?
just arrived in Coachella valley and I am drinking a corona...got my artist pass dialed...I guess you would say I'm sorted!
All I can think about right now is the song, "Stray Cat Strut."
You know my lazy ass is.
Hi Patrick..would like to chat w/you at this weekend's tweetup in Philly. Planning to talk w/others you know about iP
go take a fuggin shower Erin. U smell
3:00 in the morning really?
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out The Dares I think you would really enjoy our music =)
Tribes was awesome last night, Ignite was incredible tonight. is where its at. Praise God for these students!!
If it's not for lack of trying, then you both are significantly awful people and have missed your opportunity.
Q4 never co-sign a car for anyone
I could live off PB&J
We'll see. We might be seeing a call-up soon with how well he is pitching right now.
What's the craziest piece of clothing you own?
follow and please :D x19
The author @ waxy nails it: "If Google's search engine dominance started with an 'and,' it might just end with a '+'."
Na now save to throw down for gas if u really wanna go places
I think the idea of a sweep corresponds to dominance but Sixers could get swept here and lose by a combined 7 pts.
im cryin....... im dead ass cryin
Thank God they're explaining what a shut down inning is, now they don't have to make up a Car Soup Email the booth question about it
haha damn lol when you get home? so i can hang with yall but im not fucking with them ghosts at ur house lol
Thanks for the RT!
you do the most wonderful humanitarian work, a definite inspiration. Just something I had to say out loud in a tweet.
oh lol yeah we're good, just nobody but my brother got his kicks, waste of time
#ICantStandPeople who constantly bitch about how bad their lives are... #GetOverItAndMakeChanges #OneThingIDontLike is people who complain..
girl talk with Sophia.(:
Listening to a podcast where a guest was introduced as being in the business for 23 years-scary, that isn't impressive anymore.
love bug in a world of windshields.
RT : Cnn confirms rebels have made it inside the gadhafi compound
Agreed - though based on that post he doesn't seem to care. Haha
Teach your children good #flossing habits early on... it may help them have beautiful smiles as adults!
None. It's basically a mystery.
SO excited to hear about the results for ......
Drake started the YOLO movement
nice! You wanna crap a beer?
this nigga --> love him n he's so nice; follow
good point. once you miss those, it is difficult to get back on track with official deadlines.
what's up man! You gunna tweet about remix video to
Heading to #SAA11 in Chicago on Friday. Mekel microfilm and Zeutschel book scanner demos in Crowley's Booth 302. Stop by and say hey -
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
Oh dear. If you downloaded the app for Android, you're leaving yourself wide open for spammers. Just had to uninstall it.
U da best. Great job last night in 'S Wonderful @ Westchester. RT : Anything to get the weekend started sooner than later!!
Who tryin to kick it?
That's a big 10-4 good buddy! On to the next option.
Monday's are so boring !!
Check it out: Treasures and tasty treats
Also, there's still time to apply and interview for staff!!!! Apply online! www.foundationretreat.com
Watching videos on YouTube of facts about you, and they are the cutest. Just thought I should share that :)
I'm sure it'll be filled with thoughtful subtle humor.
Alcatraz reeked of Al Capone's syphillis.. Best part of the trip so far
home alone house!
no need to hold... Just swipe upwards on comma to type an apostrophe
apparently I left too early..awful
Thanks so much! It was an honor to be there.
RT: : "The great struggle called life is none other than an accumulation of momentary struggles." --Daisaku Ikeda
school needs to be over with already! Its not fair were the last ones to get out.
I like watching soccer but i don't like that they take forever to score!
and every single time I try to prove myself wrong and give some stranger that asks my phone# they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird! ALWAYS
Young, wild, and free
Merry Christmas Eve from the Kravitz Dental team!
Just tapped, Demolition Ale (replaces IPA)
Our newest update is we are looking for some ideas or someone to design our newest graphics for the new year
SPG Creative & Marketing is head to SXSW Festival! Will we see you there? Stand #741!
:You know it's funny when it rains it pours. They got money for wars but can't feed the poor!"
Snowflake animation off to client. Now it's just a waiting game.
woohoo! almost done with school! whats next after school??
So twitter I been goine 4 a minit now I'm back
My food is getting cold but I can't start eating until I find something good on TV.
I'd go back to MOQ again if I could.. I miss the Mustangs crew
wheree have you been! :(
Does your behavior match your goals?
WE GOT FIRST PLACE GUYS!!! thank you all so much!
Let me know your plans! I wish Cuse/Unconn was later in the day tomorrow. I have to run 20, but could make it out for 2nd half.
Had orientation today. It was nice getting to know a few people and the staff better. I am so excited to start classes Mon.
I just thought she lived in DC. :-)
Gonna miss hearing all the news reports of the Black Bear sightings in Glendale... goodbye bear!
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I don't need the music to be uplifting; I just need friends who make me feel uplifted. You're one. Thanks.
just played some GC...despite having action replay issues
Same here! At ATL Airport now. On my way to #SECNOLA Safe travels!
I stand corrected. NYSDOL spox says Kodak is indeed laying off 141 *more* workers. cc
"I always wonder why birds stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on Earth. Then I ask myself the same question."
World News America on PBS tonight: #Mladic faces justice. Brain controls robot arms, NYC's other election & Beijing's #Olympics legacy
What part of 'peaceful protest' are you having difficulty with?
: I am 2nd in to see Hilary () speak at 1:30 today!
is just 1.8 lbs away from her 1st 2 week weight loss goal this Saturday...I'm so motivated by my new Wii Fit Plus!
Thanks Sarah!!! So exciting!!! RT Congrats and ! So proud of both you #sdsugrads!
Hey! how are u?
If you aren't watching on right now, you are missing out. Big time!
Thanks to for the support! If any local businesses are celebrating #MKEDAY, let us know!
clinch the fist ;)
don't get me started.
Can I go back to bed please?
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I like watching sleep.
Financial services and pharma industries are embracing procurement. Main drivers.
everytime i go to 's page and it says he's following me... it makes me smile(:
Thank you for the RT :-)) You should have joined us, it was an amazing gig. Never a dull moment when MCB is in town!
Leprechaun movies the rest of the night!! Yeah!
I am off to the TNT/TBS upfront presentation. Can't wait to see the folks from upcoming Dallas again.
QOTD: “But what are we doing that would require socks?”
hey I can't resend it
Ricotta pancakes with meyer lemon, blueberry and almond crumble!!
Studio life.
A little boy came home and told his mother he had gotten first prize in an examination. The question had been How many legs does
#mytoptenfavoritebands 9. Forever The Sickest Kids
Yep. We'll be there may 1st. Mary got a promotion and we're movin'
Zak have you been in that dungeon far to much lately or did something follow you home
Apparently Manchester was where gingham was invented,so the new jersey is red on red gingham for the home top and blue away. Poor
We'll be at Wine & Dine Wisconsin today. If you're going, stop by and say hello!
Hey Uhm you just got choked out(;
A yo I think
LOL! That's awesome.
Today work was like being a slave.. I hate the field!!!
thanks for having us at the Jingle Bell Jam, what a blast! & all your listeners helped raise over $15,000!
Going down like lights when the shows over
lol. U teapartiers & the way you abuse that word "freedom". It doesn't matter what I say to you, when u say crazy shit like that
On top of that, my house is out of coffee, so I'm doing this shift
;-) I def found a keeper.
I seriously cannot WAIT to celebrate #FathersDay this year! I'm gonna be spending it w/ some hot ass men! Cc:
Will and Jada Denies rumors that there is a split. 'We Are Still Together
I'm about to lose it on the rep who answers my call. Lord help her.
maybe its just possible Flynn is just good. We'll see what happens when the saints hit the road for the playoffs.
I can't believe Brandon Marshall was traded to the dolphins for only two 2nd roud pics one this year and one next year
“: #YourGameIsWeak if you try to pull girls on twitter”
yer a big deal too
Keeping small business in business, just ordered flower for my mom from local hometown shop.
I smoke weed & blow trees but I got bigger dreams of, livin life livin right & helping sicker people.
August 27th will be 3 hours away in Texas and I am pretty sure I'll be seeing them
Good night Angels! Thank you for all the support! First thing in the morning I will check for new contest entries! Remember deadline June 13
wha why?:o
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZING GUY EVER... <3 love you loser :)
LMAO...yeah I did. You deserved it. LOL. I'm like...I know she's busy, but she's just seeing it? It was a good movie.
Well, how was Black Keys in your upgraded seats?
1st sale of the year to go out in emails today. Happy New Year. Looking forward to another great year.
Funny! Lived the expression on Jack's face as he listened to Liz's jaw not cracking.
Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on WTCM NewsTalk with Norm Jones in Michigan Wednesday Nov 23 at 10:30 am Eastern listen live on line
Have an event to promote in DC?? Let us know! DCAfterWork.com
wow! Impressive!
But does it extend widely to both sides of the aisle?
I'm hoping for 2
or did once or twice
Morning julian! Have a great day at school!
Treat your friends as you do your best pictures, and place them in their best light — Jennie Jerome Churchill
Best Halloween I've had in a long time :D
I'm so proud of both of you ladies!!
Going to work out
Love it!
Going to see the musical WestSide Story tonight... Excited :D
loves it when I come and surprise her at her house. (; #BestFriendAward. :)
TV show, How I Met Your Mother
hahahah ;D Well make it fun! ;D
Hancock and Hickenlooper two of the most high profile politicains supporting
Finishing touches to my office remodeling.
Maybe more salary cap restrictions, like the ones implemented in this past CBA
Wow. I have a lot to do today, guess I better get... Oh look! Sunshine!
Sheboygan Press interviewed attendees, heard Keith Fiels, so look for it!
oh really...
New track finna post !!! on the brink of my success, bet I strive for nothang less any wanna test me make sure you put on ya vest !
Session #tu114 global onboarding...perfect. If you're building an onboarding program you need to be here!! #astd2012 rm 403
Stay classy, LA Fans
RT : The goal of social media is to turn customers into your personal evangelist. S Barker
also also wants a copy. Can I get one for her as well?
Feeling good about #Tigers tonight agains #WhiteSox with Smyly. Offense please add run support....that is all....
Congratulations to West Virginia's new Senate President, Jeff Kessler!
I do too, actually. The interview blew my mind.
Choosey Chicks love football!
cuz I have chips and salsa in my mouth
I NEED TO QUIT SMOKING CIGARETTES
