hey. i hope ur tour is going great and i wish the best. good luck in ur 2013 tour.cant wait to see u and the rest of the guys
Thanks NICOLE!
Big Brother 13 debuted tonight...my summer is never complete without watching random people live in a house for 3 months
Encore is lookn for actors for their 10 annv show Finding Wonderland; letmme look
I'm not going to RSA, but have clients going who would love to meet up with you, if you have time.
Finally, after weeks of preparation, we're moving 26 bags of custom blended growing media onto the 7th floor at UCSD for the green roof
I'm just stunnin
Factor 3 is frustrating, but IMHO Factor 1 is a better guide: is the amount apt for legit #fairuse purpose? Not redundant.
She catch some worst dan feelings
oh is he following u!??? I just listen to some of his videos he is really god!!!!!
Braden Holtby became a father today. Benjamin Hunter Holtby is now the son of an awesome NHL goalie.
Are you drinking our herbal teas from your VoxBox? Tell us your favorite flavor!
RIP paul samaha. cause of death: twerking
$100 goes to the best name voted on in the contest. Call 1-877-692-0008 ext 31 or text Name Game plus the name you suggest to 414-322-0590.
yeah i really like watchin so i wanna do it
Beautiful evening in Atlanta!
Great time at The Bitter End watching do her thing!! Awesome Show!!
Getting ready to go out to eat then graduation 
What?! Roger is getting it done!
OK. I can't sleep because of Jonghyun now. >.<
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral Socially awkward people....
Heather Heiman just gave a wonderful talk about e-learning and deliberate practice in med school setting at Searle Fellows dinner
Probert now pounces at his tail when he chases it. I'm trying to get footage, but he's not very cooperative.
I wonder who is this kony person I keep hearing about?!?
hi Michelle :) play me “: Hi my name is Michelle and I'm addicted to Scramble with friends.”
I need to stop nerding out all over and start focusing on football.
thanks for the follow!! :-)
HOT HOT HOT outside
You ca have a piece of my love
Too late for you to want to do anything, let me tell you. 4 AM to 9 AM.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Kid with cell phone in Africa has more access to information than the President in the US 15 years ago.
Oh, you fancy?
RT! Come see DBS tear it up at the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tonight at 8pm!
Saz's Shrimp Gumbo is on special at the restaurant! Boy, Chef Scooter can cook up some good Gumbo!! :)
I'm coming at the end of math so I don't get the homework.
We are indeed! It is a wonderful Sunday for a boat ride... come join us in Pittsford!
My daughter is the same way! The closer it gets to bedtime the crazier she gets!
Yeah, Clark Kent is real.....
I definitely need to work out this summer...
Found and road the M train on my way to work today. It does exist!
Have a great week, Ana.
Hey guy who I still need to switch eyes with and needs to answer to my DM's and needs to give me advice. What's uo? (;
Thanks for the heads up, Chad. Things should be working better now.
seriously? like by conneaut ohio?
I don't fuck with #oomf anymore
Thoughts go out to the family of the firefighter who die din Bucks after being at the chemical fire.
Finally uploading the Avengers in the other window. Two days isn't exactly a record, but it's close.
Solar cells are so delicate compared to asphalt.
Ima try , if my mom quit being a bitch about it =_=
Wait, am I allowed to use one of those maternity parking spots if I'm pregnant with a food baby? Help!
"Happy girls are the prettiest” ― Audrey Hepburn ....Choose to be pretty today <3
yea I know, I like Josh hamilton so I don't mind.
If all 5 underclassmen are having a press conference together tmrw, chances are they are all making the same decision.
HA! P said something was delivered today but he didn't open it so we've been speculating :)
What is your passion? Mine is music since childhood!
#FF love to some of our favorite women! and
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly :)
It's the last week of school.. and my teachers still want me to do crap.
Thats a lot of NIT berths in 1 setting RT Friday on : #Rebels Andy Kennedy, Mick Cronin, and #DePaul Oliver Purnell
True!! RT : The best part about a picture is that it never changes, even when the people in it do.
Thank you for coming to the conference Larry!
Ain't it sweet?!
Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm. Hope to see you there!
Time for – and a big round of applause for organizing this month!
A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.
wow, yeah they took a different approach, I just want to show percentage of costs that goes to each country. not dollar values
IT'S THE BEST!
pinky is fine lol
I wish people wouldn't hang so much weight on something as historically slight as Junia.
Good Luck - you will be great!
I found out all the girls that like girls live in Kendall lol. That's where they've been hiding 😏
Is that a Magnolia or a Curl Up and Die reference?
her mind is making room for All that extra crazy lol
I'm out of town anyway, so no rush, tomorrow, Sunday, Monday, whenever
That moment when you realize out of 300 pictures on your phone, only 7 are of you and the rest are of #MahomieProblems(:
I'm seriously about to hit these stupid dogs! They don't stop barking over a damn bug really? Ugh.
I like it. RT: Thinking of starting a rogue team for the #D2L11 team competition. Our own rules, our own points. Who's with me?
and did a great job tho
Glad the #Mavs are starting soon. How many days until Pitchers and Catchers report?
where I didn't see it
yo dude, was thinking about you earlier. let's talk later this week
i need to but i cant relax
Thank you so much for the RT!
Contemplating an uptempo standard to learn. Singing "Blue Skies", "Angel Eyes" and "Stormy Weather" for a show this month at Tula's.
the award. Mick Fleetwood was zero personality, nobody cheered... Just lame. And steve earle wasn't there.
Every time Mitt Romney appears on TV, my dog wants to go outside and poop. Being a responsible dog owner, I oblige.
*Directions on box* "Microwave for 3 to 5 minutes" 4 MINUTES IT IS!
A joke/prank is when both parties think it's funny...never at the expense of that other person..THAT'S what Romney fails to see!
I DONT CARE IF U HUSTLE AND MAKE 30 DOLLARS A DAY END OF THE WEEK $150 IF YOU LEAN HOW TO SAVE #150 ANIT MUCH BUT ITS BETTER THAN NOTHIN
maybe if they were'nt trying to pack us all in like sardines, it wouldn't be such a concern.
!! RT : s/o to my nigga happy birthday bro!
He's not going to answer because he thinks Twitter is a megaphone.
first one of the season?
Favoriting a tweet is like sub-tweeting without having to get creative
never too early for a boner.
idk where YOUR dog is, but MY dog is sleeping with me :)
maybe they will put it back in the next update. I also can't print to my Dell printer but we have HP at school
A cigar and a glass of wine may cure stress at least after a full week of court
Currently watching That 70's Show. Nothing has changed...
Hi sandance i am a big fan
great article, I felt like you were talking about me! Musician in his 20s w/ freelance gig that stifles the music career.
Would you want to talk about, as a guest blogger, what it was like to go back to CHA? We'd love to hear about it.
Don't have time for people that only come around when they need something. 👋👋👋
One more class then my girl Erin picking me and up ^__^
Something that I couldve brought in the day before when I went by his office. Cant wait until its all over
Love that #oldbooksmell ! Using Appleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography from 1898.
so if u want me to live babyy just call an MIA! U should do more musical parodies!
I just think its messed up guys like Kane and yourself had to wait so long for good push, your gonna have legend status in time.
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise
Congratulations to Mario Vargas Llosa! 1st S. American to win lit Nobel since Garcia Márquez in 1982? A lot of catching up to do/great start
My sisters friends dad owns a radio station So we are going to talk to them. WE MUST DO WATEVER IT TAKES!!!!
These tie down straps for our camera equipment might come in handy HINT HINT Teresa
find a bitch bro i know you got a lot of hoes
You're so 2011...
I read them. We could chat tmrw before or after OMD, but I won't have detailed answers to share by then.
My father's a lawyer, his bro's a lawyer, both of my bros will be lawyers, 2 of my best friends are lawyers. I once worked @ a law school.
RIP Whitney Houston
if I get it, it would go on the wall behind my bar, like you're a celebrity or something.
Inspiration and Love...
I heard Gaga would like to drop the "Lady."
Its like ABC with numbers...
Happy birthday to my beautiful friend!
Seattle tomorrow , and Alaska on Friday..can't wait!!!
GROWIN UP REAL HELLA HOOD IF YOU TELL ME, WE AINT GET THIS OF YO FOLKZ DUMMY ITZ CLUB WEED!!!!
Ha Daisy's the real social pro! A wise ween ;-) RT : & by team you mean & , right?
I don't have high hopes for it, to tell you the truth. I'm not crazy about previous script drafts or the current production team
I will admit to nothing.
Is there a delay of game because of bees at Coors?b
I just Downloaded my own song " 2 girls 1 cup" on Itunes!! Did make 99 cents or spend 99 cents?
lol took a lot of hard work.. but it paid off.. thank u so much! And I miss u a lot
Game 5 Today in Memphis #Grizzlies vs
i know it's not hard to do but I love it when I out smart myself!
RT : My life on the road is a lot like '70s Fleetwood Mac, except instead of cocaine it's Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Bought a gift card at for a friend's wedding gift & the number was stolen. Spent at a store last week.
We had a fight not too long ago bc Ry came over to talk to me about how his girl is now pregnant and he was near tears so I
I'm feeling a little too happy for someone who's about to take the 5 hour exam that will determine the rest of my life
Thank you Delta Airlines for breaking my kids stroller and losing my luggage.
Everything is perfect, the only thing that's missing is you.. And that would make everything 10x's better :-/
That can't be true, Nikki probably but Rhianna is like the biggest star in the world right now, no way she gonna be there x
Between the DOJ, Amaz*n and Google, you'd think somebody has something against the indies, wouldn't you?
What a ballgame! Now, let's just hope that Weeks' hand is okay.
Win a $100Jeantherapy gift card through our February contest! (just email a photo of you in JT to )
#HuntCup was the worse sporting event since the WNBA. Jockey after jockey met the ground. However, the Baltimore frat scene is still alive.
Junot Diaz's new book out this September.
When is Jay Park again? I need to mark it on my calender.
words cannot express how much I miss Tu Lan.
well, its nice to meet you.
The only legit way to make it is to become a game changer.
welcome to Twitter SEW #IFMA President Parrish!
Some girls at this school are plain dumb
I'm not! And what happened to you you weren't like this before! What happened! Who or who else
Looking forward to your tweets MT : Today & tomorrow I'll be tweeting from NASI conference!
Who's ready for some parade action? US! St. Patty's Parade starts at noon on Wisconsin Ave. Stop in for a coffe or hot cocoa beforehand!
The 2012 Mayan Calendar was really talking about the shift from Patriarchy to Matriarchy..no wonder men are kicking and screaming
": Never give in, never never never… except to convictions of honour and good sense. ~ Winston Churchill"
Ohmahgawd! Black Ops 2! You will be mine, YOU WILL BE MINE.
Dave van Zeggeren calls for universal symbol as alert for invisible mobile content. Lacking QR, how do we know it's there?
#SK I'm with the movement
and are 100% swaggless, I'm soaking it all up.
Run to him and not away from him.... In Christ, there's fullness of joy... You'll never leave empty handed!
DAMN YOU EOC'S!!!!
FSU: insufferable. Hasn't been relevant on the national stage (i.e. BCS victory) in a decade, yet feels deserving of exceptional treatment
The Golden Chicks Rolls :D
Should I get a Civic or a Corolla?
#NP Nitrous Oxide & Adam Nickey - Moon Dust
PritchettWe are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier .
Is Simply Amazing! ♥
did you get my email
Fucking called it too... It's the City for you.
i think God, every so often, gives us a taste of our dreams so we're reminded of why we want them.
That was a cruel move, putting me up against Stevie Nicks. Now I want you in the weirdest possible way.
Never thought about it like that B4 but when U R talking bout Hip Hop & not Rap *shrug* U may have a Great Point
me too! Thank you:)
I'm not sure they'll ever care. Best audience for creative class is creative class itself.
.thanks Ray..
What's one of the weirdest complaints you've heard?? If any at all.
Cool! I am getting lots of dropped MIDI notes running hardware synth thru a FireStudio project... any pointers?
Tomorrow we go live with new QC program for Fortune 500 client company. Long time in making. Great job team!
Just had a friend get me a partnership with this mine craft server! play.themineville.com -IP Address
when i'm sad/crying i always watch video's One Direction, cuz they're the only ones who make me happy again.
69 for a high in Huntington Beach today...89 in Anaheim...10 miles inland.
she's spoilt! The man I got her off named her Belle when she was born and it just stuck :D
I am developing an artistic photo style right?!
Boston getting washed lets go atl hate all boston only because in from new york
A new GoGo Boy is coming soon! Yes, bitches! Its me! :D
": Damn shame! RT :!I bet if he would of stuck it in the blow hole she wouldn't be taking pics!
your welcome :)
Check Out Official Clipper Anthem "Fresh Like Me" on YouTube featuring #JonnyTee New Single "Friday Night" June 5
What is watching? Did he just say Miami has composure, getting fouled a lot and not complaining? U kidding me?
Dollar for dollar, nobody screws you over like the bookstore
How can you spot a blind man at a nude beach? The walking stick.
Watching Hugo!:D
RT : New home sales up 5.7% in September.
Yep this afternoon at 4:00 PM on NBC
#NowPlaying pachuca sunrise - minus the bear
your so hot :o
Awee My boo said we were conjoined twins Seperated OooO_o WhATevEr thats Means¡
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 45
ICONic Boyz on ABDC >>>>>> Them Not
FOLLOW me on INSTAGRAM ; , or itssnicolee !
haha except for u sexy ;)
China April industrial output rose 9.3% from year ago vs forecast of 12%. April retail sales rose 14.1% vs forecast of 15.2%
noted. I'll get experted up on that.
welcome to twitter pastor!
Yu wayy to sexy to ever be shy!!
this Tupac hologram business has me thinking they ripped this idea off you
Sleep will NOT come. Good thing Make It Or Break It happens to be on!
don't worry, when you DO come... you know the rest!
Tinkercad=fun! Thx for sharing it out!
It be you who doesnt answer me.
n order to have energy all day long, the greatest change I made in my life was to go to bed and get up the same time every day of the week.
Eminems last rap in 8 mile
#cwebodymedia listening to Cathy rossi of PNC bank introducing Christine robins, CEO of body media
blah my good iPod is in the car 😡👎
So tired! I'm coverd in dirt from hunting and playing! Fixing to get in the shower! Ttyl(:
I'm a big fan of you guys. You're like the women's fitness magazine I wish existed.
#ThingsIGetAlot "how old are you? 14? 16?" "no I'm actually 19, 20 in October.." "omg you look so young! You'll love that when your older!"
What is the translation or explanation of the Indonesian word "Jayus"?
Praying with my sister for we just experienced our first haunting in about 3 years in this house ... :(
no sweetie. you were talking about me. so technically it is bothering me. so i say stop talking about it and fuck off.
I feel like skyping! I havent done that in like a year
Thanksgiving is in just 2 1/2 weeks!! Do you try to control your portions on this day or do you go all out?
FRESH SUPER DUPER POTENT FIRE & EVERYONE'S FAVORITE SATIVA JUST IN: Chem Diesel! HIGHEST RATED Collective in Downtown San Diego WEEDMAPS.com
Field goals won't cut it, Cal. Solid opening drive, though. Ducks D must tighten up. Bring on the 'O' Offense
you got this!
Just leaving the - sad not to see polar bears AGAIN but we all still had fun. Bubbles loves the elephants :)
Next up: Gary and I disagree about the judge that gave indefinite jury duty to the racist juror on
should be about a week, if all goes well
It All Comes Down To This ,
Faux News Channel
Watching this Left Eye story and thinking money doesn't make everyone happy..crazy how her life ended!!!
Hates trying to buy pants when I'm so fat
30 minutes left to grab your schooners !!
Dale Thayer aka mr porn stache, remember him from the mets game last year! 16 philly cheese steaks
if that takes it too far, I dont wanna be right. Go deep down the science hole! It's a good place to be.
Good Morning sunshine!!! : Rise and shine time to get to work
TONIGHT is the night!! Our monthly Full Moon Night Time Swim party is back! Richard Vission will be takin' over the decks....get ready to...
Yeah. Very annoyed with how BOE handles that. Hopefully they'll make it easier on everyone down the line.
Its offical... I am taking my dog to prom (: he gone tear everybody damn dress up . ahahahaha ,
Not better, just better behaved.
That's why you always leave a note.
": Should i put my sons sperm doner on child support?????? LbVs!!!" Yeah but then again no. Fucc him
Bad pass Lebron
Hey Gov. Brewer, know where you can stick that finger? Right where you & your GOP pals are giving it to the middle class.
Get out and vote! it does matter and you can make a difference. Our economic future depends on it. Go do it.
lying in bed... almost asleep... shit, I didn't look at today... get out of bed... chiving...
Break that Leg, and throw it at them tomorrow.
great work buddy
I need a 40" automatic die cutter with stripping under $100k...any year/make. Email to .
ThePhantom Yep, in the days of blu ray vs. HD-DVD. now you can get a really cheap player for the price if a PS3 game practically.
Do ur homework the budget slashes taxes across the board. U also need 2 stop spinning UR Liberal crap. USA is broke $15.5Trillion
Perfect Pitch Pete is my goal for 2012!! Whoo hoo!!
RT Raven-Symone came out as lesbian???? *puts on my good draws* HA HA SHE MINE NIGGGGGAASSSSSS
RT : #NameYourFavoriteRapper: Jar Jar-Z, MC Vader, Notorious B.A.N.T.H.A, Obi-Wan Trice, and Artoopac
RT : BE The Miracle in Your Miraculous Life ~ Lori Moreno
omg, that's my life story.
Wow, I was almost certain a corn related jab was going to end that sentence!
The voice SUCKS ahh
Bid light must really taste like shit if they have to reinvent mediocre.
Marshall and it's not particularly close for me
#FF my awesome comics friends (gonna have a girl!)
i can help change that. i have more points to give away than i know what to do with.
Hooligan, and my dark beer. Time to go to the dark side. Bawhaha.
it happens. With that said, I'd feel a lot better if he'd reach back and throw 96/97 every once in awhile.
Britney spears ? Are you serious?
CNN is reporting that former Pres. Clinton hospitalized in N.Y. w/chest pains.
Your appearance was fab as always!
Another long shot but.. Could you tweet (something, anything!) back? Sis loves you and would make her SUPER jealous! haha >:D
Haha, I'm just giving you schidt
Pre-June 2010, with the court order stating that monthly amount? RT : Levi got a lot of $$$ from
RT "Unless we tackle race & diversity in education, we could very well have an underclass of people of color." - professor
In honor of tonights Grey's Anatomy/Private Practice cross-over I will do Ted's Take and will stand in the cold at 10pm
Never miss deadlines & due dates. Aside from the balance due, you might as well incur late fees too.
Simultaneous writing and editing has amazing potential, is still weird
The Chicago #dancemarathon is still going on. Come cheer on Team Vanille and help them finish strong!
Less funny, whatever. I suck at being eloquent at work. Let’s reach consensus: the Big Bang Theory sucks ass.
Sammie just admit it u try not to eat as much at school but at the crib u be smashin
a pre season gun fight...for real
Just in: AP reporting that NY judge tosses defamation suit against Syracuse, hoops coach Boeheim; case tied to Fine probe.
Lmfao #inquisitive ugh
Compassion is the keen awareness of the interdependence of all things. - Thomas Merton
Nice to see you are stepping up your Twitter game!
shoot.....damn near Thanksgivin....
My wife & I were onthe couch,she turned to me withpassion in her eyes.I thought she was going to kiss me,instead she said"You have a booger"
thanks for the follow! Just curious do you encourage testing for lead? prenatal testing? or testing umbilical cords?
your cute.
“: I killed on Leno tonight. Literally. Jay is dead.” If only...
Happy Friday everyone! What are your plans for the weekend?
& , will you be at the game today? Look for who is our game tickets winner!
mid level / executive
is going to rock it tonight on Sixth!
Twitter has become dominant live news source: Kevin Yamamoto, SacBee...PRSA C luncheon
Make your own Monday. Let us know what you like and we build a wine tasting. Sold out show today for wine and Canvas.
my power keeps going out had to restart my cpu 3 times!
done with report 4!!
Im ICONic and im not afraid to say it!!!!!!! One day imma see if any iconiacs wanna hang out lol
that was me
I just realized that iLMM is only about 2 weeks away. Damn, how time flies.
Yes Coast Starlight then EB. Both are Scenic Trips! EB goes through Glacier NP.
thanks! We're excited to take a look!
just listened to solider by lil corey
Well. I made it to 11 a.m. before I broke my promise to myself that I wouldn't drink a beer today.
Absolutely lovesick right now.
Donuts and Starbucks
Wowsers! Low-end #embedded systems with 200 MHz 64 MB and #Javascript and #Erlang. We used to run companies on less!
I personally don't have any at WDW. I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com
This has been brought to you by 8am Monday morning, when Mike looks at a thing everyone takes for granted and asks, "wait, really?"
Why thank you RT : *hug*
Hey guys! Whats up :)
Im off wrk early i had fun djing tonight
Taking submissions for musicians/bands to score original music for potential festival short-film. Contact:
ha!! -> “: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.”
Watch Rachel learn how to run a cron job...
"Corporations are people my friend."
Miami...LA...and the UK ✈
was so afraid of my #marchmassness he wouldn't work out with me today. 245 on
Smart Watering Tip: Water early mornings, winds calmer, temperatures cooler, minimize evaporation and runoff.
ATTENTION- ALL DAY..
but data is already tied to theaters in the piece...so it should be tied to all theaters in the piece.
Anti-Venom
Time for brunch, Cleveland. Where to go!?!
I don't know how i'd live if it didn't work like this. lol
I should be going to Stratford instead of Taylor since I live like 3 minutes away from it. Taylor is 20 minutes away from my apt wtf?
Rockin some mutha fuckin and doin a lil promo. Help me out and put us in your #FF's tomorrow!
No time to read.
Omg. You obviously dont know how to talk to girls.
This day is taking FOREVER!!!
Seriously. Free food. Openbar for a couple thousand employees. Free car service back home. I fucking love my job.
titties look like hot pockets n shit
A L A N A books BGBGeneration Footwear!!
are you going to be home tomorrow? I can drop them off after work
Freezing outside! But for a good cause! MS Walk 2012!
heyy i havent talked to you in a while.... wats up... ilyjdb
#Caps have taken the lead.
that's a sign u have been in NYC too long :)
115 Cappers with hoops going tonight but only 1 consensus from their picks on the Hornets grabbing a dozen
Tonight is Poole Elem Spirit night. We hope to see you here!
Gonna miss this team big time. best season of my life as a cat fan.
Very interesting!! I heard Dr. Wood speak a couple of yrs ago on this topic, too.
I think we all are if we take the time to be there for folks interested in science!
no problem (: its 9.95 for a month unlimited tanning if you want a package (:
Rip mike paperchasa
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Tell me this reads "Jeff Ireland and the Dolphins are not that bad, and I'll be signing their soon"...
what was your faverate adventure - memory this past year?
yes just search the name on facebook and you can find us!
happy birthday from all of us in Venice and ... be sending you "Life" this Friday.both versions
"Quick Match:" places the player into one of the seven terraces of purgatory, alongside the lethargic, the un-absolved, and the wrathful.
Hear those sirens? They're coming to my house.. Why? Because I was an idiot and set the alarm off.
Wearing shorts today c:
Klout? Who cares? My bourbon index is 100.
I have to admit: that would deter ME from invading the area! Yikes! Hope it worked. :-)
Happy Birthday Luigi! From the USA! Have a great one! :)
Aside from that fest of course
Breaking News: Ozzie Guillen has been suspended by the Miami Marlins for 5 games
AWESOME! You'll have to wear your heels again that nite! ;)
No matter how you doing in life people always gone have something to say but in the end ain't got a heaven or hell to put you in!!
On a shoot at MIT Sloan. I feel smarter whenever I'm at MIT :)
Working on story for 6:30...police looking for a local credit card skimmer. Woman says person cleaned out her account without her card.
hey giants, the trophy isn't a piece of meat... creeps
I have to ask, what is a kettle bell workout?
Ok i guess lol
-- getting sexy back? :-D
that's the good way of doing things lol.
hahahh yes. omg.
thanks for the kind words!
u know is a gangsta
just about done freaking out . ^.^
Love it.
which part? Cuz I thought the all male part was a given.
TGIF! Who's ready for a chill pool day and 2 for 1 beverages...ALL DAY!! WE ARE!!!!
This 30-day inspiration trial is a real emotional roller coaster. I think I'm finally getting used to the faster pacing.
So much attitude up in this gate, yep... next stop NYC!!
If the Caps lose this series, I see a lot if fans hanging up hockey. Its too heartbreaking.
Thanks for tweets re: #Aufbau !
I picked a great time to go yo the blood lab. All the meanies and crazies are here.
same, I'm bored, and you look fine.
where is the “Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass” reading we have to do tonight?? did he say it in class?
- Sweet wheels :). How much is the bike?
Day 2 of the 2011 #eclsummit has started. Morning sessions are up first followed by the Summit Plenary Session with
what awesome photos!!
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
actually i was pretending to be serious i thought you knew sorry
mr wizard made it Friday. Ok he didn't really but it still is. That is cause for celebration!
Aw, don't fret. Was just giving you a hard time. When life has settled down, give me a shout. Would love to catch up :)
yall obviously are not as intense as the girls. We aren't scared off by a little mud
drink your gin and tonica, and smoke your marijuanica, I hope I get a harmonica, on this happy happy happy happy Hanukkah! HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Anthony Davis' unibrow bothers me.
Heading off to do a photoshoot for HerStory
I liked the weather in San Francisco better, but very glad to be here.
Check out our great deals, Exclusively for our Facebook friends and fans. Add us and check out these great deals today!
Stokley on helping young guys. "If I'm good enough, I'll make it. I don't think helping a young guy will hurt me."
RT If you have le facebook. Do us a solid and LIKE OUR PAGE! www.facebook.com/allurae
I think SB1070 hurts businesses, local economy, and citizens with legal status. I think AZ will see a decline in their economy
i've been without a fully functional phone for a month now so no way i could've know unless you left a message
Thanks for the great content!
Just smashed at mommy house next stop my sista B Love house!
sometimes you make me feel bad about my life lol.
Amazon Prime's lessons for media cos: offer your best customers more, and climb the analytics curve. t.co/RqS33Q2k via
awesome. Let me know!
Districts, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
Thank you Mr. President, for supporting equal marriage rights for everyone!
In the worst mood. I could cry.
Jebbus, talk about mixed bag of a day..enough bad news, where's the Scotch?
This is a test message. please disregard...
Springsteen and the choir were just unbelievable. This is history being made.
I think I might be too excited for #BELIEVE :). Follow? I <3 you
After the #Twins 3-1 L yesterday the #Pirates remain as the only team without a 3-1 loss.
lenny needs to come back
Boy1"You can suck my dick!" Boy2 "I'm not gay bro" boy1 "well I wish you were so you could suck my dick!" boy2 "I'm not sucking your dick!"
Lincoln's advice "You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right" is good advice for our leaders today.
#Chelsea is
11-11-11: Take time to reflect today on what's really essential to you. What lives at your core? Anything less just won't cut it anymore!
You have both???RT : weekend??? my nigga the whole week!!!! You only turn 21 ONCE homie!!!! balls to the wal
I'm Chief tho ... Lol, how could you get confused.
Hi there! Happy Tuesday :)
The Bosox can't even make errors on purpose work!
Work like everything depends on YOU! Pray like everything depends on GOD!
Yeah I did good today hope you check out my next video I play dogs to Houston wouldve been a nice one just did'nt pull the trigger
Up writing...
Put our last two cents in over the weekend on the printmaking art book we curated for It is looking pretty damn good.
She likes my jokes not yours
Cleaning my house before my grandmother gets here? #wheresthemaidat?
I don't love her
#WTISD2012 will be held on the theme “Women and Girls in ICT” nice theme & i hope many girls will have an opportunity to introduced to ICTs
Not good enough, again.
that's the best fucking twitter account ever.
I guess that's the nice thing about checking my #facebook late at night...nothin' is happening on the news feed. :P
You're welcome =P
thanks for coming by!
Keeping the beard alive for WBS Pens...
Tweetdeck keeps crashing on my iPhone. Trying Hootsuite...
Let's get to 400 likes on Facebook by Thanksgiving, so we can have 400 reasons to be thankful!
“: seen some of the videos you tweeted, thought they were hilarious, I would definitely buy tix.” Thx! :)
Happy to be here tweeting with everyone!
You can do it!
i wear a 6.5 so why did i buy a size 6 pair of sneakers and wonder why they didnt fit?
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw
what did you get?
Sunday Family Funday - but is not here :(
thanks for the retweet :) you rock.
needs to keep his head up& hang in there. Love yew pauly wally <3
thanks! Hope you enjoyed your evening!
awk cause i'm in the back of the bus... all cause I wanted to sit alone and be antisocial and listen to my music.
want someone who can really understand me...
Pop up trivia #2....what room was it that Joe was referring to when he said "This is where the magic happens"? 1st person w/correct ans wins
Almost to our destination! Need to devise our plan for our beachside pizza truck.
THANKS To all our new followers! Every 100 followers I'll do a drawing for Free Passes and a Free Lap Dances! So SPREAD the word!
Do you prefer gloves or mittens?
Oh how I can relate! RT : Had grand plans for making dinner tonight-- they have been lost in a glass of wine and some ice cream
it's very annoying, hope it's out soon
We're always looking for new teachers to work from our Orlando video studio. :) Email nick[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com
I know!! So far away:/
This is indiana ya we do it big... Up 52-15 at half.
Listening to Howard Stern interview Billy Joel on satellite. . Simply amazing stuff
home , sweet home !
everything happens for a reason
With the exception of the MN State Fair, there is nothing more overrated than St Patrick's Day.
Tweeting so Ilene's photo scrolls down the screen. You're welcome!
thank you so much!
Have any of my followers seen Dante's Peak? The part where the grandma dies gets me every time!
Oh. I just got up now!
You tell me to text you Curtis then your not gonna respond ? Cool 🎁😔
Diggy video been on countdown for 54 days but MB Finna go harder
The Internet connection in this apartment lately <<<
time for splitting logs, fires, family get together's, unwrapping gifts and enjoying the holidays.
#NHL Stanley cup winners for the Pens conference. Then loser 123 for the others. Cause teams n the pens conference actually win
I love u Cuzzo
oh... Plumb... or Tara-Leigh Cobble. They would be great collabs
The world gets more and more lost with each generation! We can't even recognize ignorance anymore.
Follow my brother instant follow back
absolutely. It's does specifically telling if a candidate apologizes for general "misdeeds" but refuses to articulate+
Ha, we would have been awesome roomies ;p
What happened man?
Oh, you HAVE to love Galsworthy. There is no reason to not enjoy cheerily ironic family sagas.
I think that's everyone's first step lol
Twitter fights!
Checkout our new website at www.slyderfootball.com
She gave head to get ahead in life.
why thank you..but arent you missing a few? :)
#BubbaChinos for breakfast! So good even my cat wants some!!
enjoyed your 2 min drill column. Congrats
you look cute <3
Wearing my shirt and rocking the lanyard too :)
so late with the response, my bad. Done with school yet ?
that is my best guess. Nothing official on that.
I'm ready to mingle! You were the love of my childhood!
#TEDxDU first speaker Barry Hughes Global Futurist
i must have "fuck me over" sketched on my forehead.
looked pretty sexy in his bow tie #1DonSNL hmu <3
Can we be best friends?
aye hit me up
My history students keep asking when we will get to study World War II. It won't be long now.
we appreciate all the business were glad to be able to smog your vehicles
Instead of focusing on what WE know, let us instead focus on what we can learn from one another.
your site is AMAZING! Sally Mann is one of my absolute favorites! Awesome presentation!
The LED light bar is across the front roof...I bet u can see the car from Alaska! CC:
Grey's has gotten SO bad!!!! Ugh!
I was panicking while trying to make it all better. Now that I know everything is okay, I can sleep.
You can have your Nitchskes, Huffs, Butkuses, Lamberts, Singletarys, Lewises and Urlachers. I’ll take Mike Curtis. Tom E Curran NBC Sports
I highly recommend that no one who is not black tweet the following hashtag reference: #everyblackneighborhood Dangerous!
RT if you're
Better than i used to be by Tim McGraw is my song!!
Nice! R u coming tomorrow? Or, too soon 4 a return visit?
oh! Well you shouldve said hi! Didn't see you lol. Thanks for coming. :)
Back pocket, most of the time that's the anwser for me.
You know your in a town full of actors when ur at a lakers game and the only time the crowd gets crazy is when the screen directs "NOISE"
Converting all my ALAC to 320kbps MP3's because of the size of the collection. I need a classic iPod.
listening to lucero. preparing for another move.
Lol were talking about stupid people at my school.
that's wassup bra
Really would like to know if carries the FSN Plus channel. I don't see it listed, but Gophers (hockey) are on it tonight. Odd!
go to very back parking lot in the very back corner
Whoa... just pulled a and went a bit crazy on site!
You are welcome! It has been a great Tuesday.
yea Florida born Vegas raised
Build Day registration is now closed!!!!! Sorry folks!!! Thanks for supporting Habitat again!
end of the week..Have a great weekend everyone!
#HolidayImageTips A cocktail dress is inappropriate for the office, but a little black dress can be dressed up or down.
Tweet me a number and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song :)
Okay, so I know I feel a little under the weather. But now Facebook is showing me ads for a gout study and a rehab clinic.
I've reached my limit i will follow all you back tomorrow :*
Love this://instagr.am/p/mgVUi/
Everything is funnier, when you're not allowed to laugh.
BULLSHIT that Kevin Dineen isn't a nomination for the Jack Adams Award. A MAJOR contributor of the success this season.
Its like hell da bored house
The feeling after barely missing a bus or a train. There is something so deeply disappointing in it. :P
Good for you. Go girl, you earned it
NO RT : ringer n secret circle canceled .....
Time for math?
Creeping on my timeline feels good :L
Great Campaign! Really captures what natives truly love about NM!
i'm unsure how they're expecting me to work after i go into diabetic shock
What kind of phone does your friend have. I love rooting. Mod mine about 4 times a week
Worked out with family, watched #Celtics take the Knicks down & now my #Lakers are handling bizness. Beautiful #LA Sunday. #Life is good!
Thank you for the mention!! :)
stfu, knows I wouldn't do that .
the jkal wants to see it #nofriends either. AfTer work?
Will do thanks anyways though:) You guys are an amazing fansite!!!
From : Rep. Bachmann: Swiss citizen since 1978... Ya know, if Obama announced he was a dual-citizen, everyone would go ape shit.
very important Austin City Council meeting today at 10. watch live online if you cant make it.
thanks 4 following
Great to see you & Maya at the game RT : real excited for the game. Keep an eye out for Maya. Somos Timbers!!
ugh you still have My number
How can I help with PurpleStride?
Well, I'm sure that they exist.... Couldn't it be a patch onto everyone's mixer or amp?
im home schooled i dont get summer break sista
Creative and Unusual Lamp Designs Lamp can not only provides us light but also some
OMG the cheesy scenes just keep coming in this movie.
12....I actually posed that exact question to Jamie last night after seeing the Julie Wojta vosot
I'm just trying to get your anticipation up ha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning - I can't breathe!!
Starting the day at the DAS Symposium at the Linwood Dunn Theatre.
u tell ur friend that i love her nd i aint want her to be subjected 2 sex so culd she please stop tryna gimme that reputation
Preparing for our graduate and fellowship student reception!!!
I miss that too 😪 I am on a hiatus. :(
what time cause I don't remember this
hey friend
Exciting things coming today.... We Promise!
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
Hey! My new opera is going to Belfast! Wanna help? Make a small donation [any amount would be amazing] at support.ChicagoVanguard.org.
No, there's a fat guy blocking me. RT Have you seen the horizon lately?
I'd like to be everything you want. Hey girl, lemme talk to you!
tryna lay it down like me.. Lol
Free Beer Friday: Come up with a new ESPY category and a sample winner! Call in 303-297-1510 or e-mail for free beer!
Today's the day to show up at Amazon Corporate with our cardboard Carnegie quotes in hand. "lending library" indeed?!?
If you were President, what would you eat at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint? Happy President's Day!
Become enlightened USDHHS states 61% child abuse is BIO mom. USDOJ 58% of child murders BIO mom. Dads R single digit N both study
You're most welcome!
Dear United States, you can't hack or prosecute your way to a leakless world. If you want to look good, try not doing bad.
An eclectic mix of comforting food & drink in a warm, relaxing, fun environment...coming to Milwaukee in October 2010.
Lakers and Mavs are in OVERTIME! Come on Dirk!
ha! Maybe 5 is over zealous....maybe 3 is more like it!
Every Belieber is Pregnant Because Of Jerry.
Dude this article is 2009... tariff rates are so high now in many of these countries that many are coming BACK to america!
#ITEC11 Join us for a presentation at 4:20 in room "I" covering digital media with
wow!!! I should have done this a long time ago!!!
Looking to Hire 4 Business Analysts! Let me know if you're interested. Verifying performance data and analyzing differences, producing perf…
Hey there! Has your story on Hijabs run yet? I can't find it on the FC website.
im so hungry ! D:
Okay...NOW I'll finish my final paper that's due at 2.
I cant take this heat. I just can't. I CAN'T TAKE IT! I need some lavender floral water to COOL OFF!
All you sponsorship/endorsement guru's out there: Check out 's partnership w/ California Dried Plum Board...
Mike Smith and Jonathan Quick in a conference final?? That could be awesome
The left is made up of competing parasites. -
u r too silly
So many boxes :o
not sure why the team invested a draft pick in a backup for Ray Rice but they have no talent behind Flacco.
is he staying forever this time?
For me, Evan Christopher stole the show today at Jazz Fest.
Tropicana peach orchard punch is the best juice on the planet
Good Morning! It's a new week meaning we've been granted new opportunities to be great!
Are you a dipper or squeezer?
LB () We're now working with the Latin American Tour, that's a way for us to develop next crop of Hispanic players
umm? hell yeah.
So weird, I was just talking about making homemade Ketchup!
just tweeted it
Nats get another. To the Bottom of the 7th... 3-2 Pirates.
Tonight $100 bottles of goose! (while still available) Shoot us a message or text a host @ 630.235.7357!
Don't know nothin bout horse racing, but the Derby call to post horns sure are stirring. What are other ♫♩♪ that make you come to attention?
Create until you craft your own corner of the world
Nervously Comfortable.
Good morning peeps :D
Wednesday always gives me pause to ponder my achievements. Like the fact I'm most likely going 2 live 2 see another Friday. Reasons 2 smile
Everyone's getting rough in this game! Crawford, Toews and Kane! Oh and Torres needs to GTFO!
ugh, I hate people
there's always room for improvement!
HEY iXL is from my hometown of Kearney Missouri! our team was the first ever team to use it!
funny story... That might've been why we were asking ;)
What are you most excited about growing in your garden this year? I am going to try strawberries for the first time, if anyone has any tips!
View is pretty! But I'm scared of snakes, Scorpions, tons of bees too, they come from desert behind us 2 drink poolwater!!
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
You have the power to turn positive to negative and vice versa.
why is it that as soon as I get to school I get a headache?
Also google virtualbox. Lets you run a different operating system within your current one (e.g., Snow Leopard within Windows)
Celtics ! Huge win on the road ! Rondo they had your back , now play smart and win baby
. Sticking it to the man!
(c) cutest fucken thing <3 omg. I was like AW. ahahah.
I Have Not Heard One Thing From A Laker Fan All Series Until Today Haha.. Hope Your Excited , OKC Is Coming Out The West
just read the article in #tasteofcountry; I love "She's Like Texas"
1300 people attending the #Houston holocaust museum dinner, raising $1.2 million! Many survivors attending.
First time in a long time in BORED out of my mind
oh never heared it so what grade. Me in 7th
. . I'm listening to the President's speech and it's not about gay marriage. It's women's rights, education, etc.
research into county boundaries starts with text -- the laws that create the counties as Performance Speech -- not maps.
Gonna tackle a big project, starting right now.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once never opened small stain.
whoop whoop!
Ditto! RT I am not ashamed to admit I would see "Ghost" the musical.
Stuck in windsocket (sp?) is a really good documentary on #OWN right now
just installing twitteroo...
Can't wait to get out of work and enjoy the weather.
We will see japan be more aggressive
Hannah you don't like anything! :D
At the Nuggets Game! Let's Go Nuggets!!! We Love Dj Bedz!
His dad told him to focus on college or find a shop& move out of our garage. From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing cars.
Equipment: a soft nylon slip collar, a 6-foot leash & a 30-foot length of rope is all you need! I also recommend getting a crate if you can.
what does #music mean to you?
you should pit them up against Perkins to see who give you the best cost per egg.
or, you have a new generation of leaders that expect transparency fill the vacated top spots. :)
Tomorrow is Woof Wednesday at Lofty Dog! 5% off food and 10% off everything else! See ya!
Watching #stateoftheunion makes me want to wear a bright blue suit. :-)
To what extent is a (real) reading knowledge of French & German expected for a PhD these days?
i dont think i can talk to u now...
This boy...
i wanna go to tumbling so bad!!!!!!
So great! RT It's good to be fellow #nonprofits doing good in #MKE, isn't it?
Studying is so fun! :D <----biggest lie of my life.
YES! That would be so perfect! Then paul having his own little solo
Canada!(: you?
Oh my, beautiful and Yummy!!! Will have to visit your page again!
I said fuck you if I'm not with you .
I also have not seen the movie.
what? Really?
GOOGLE AUTHENTICATOR is coming for us.
Thank you very much for the list. I will contact them shortly
Bad News #Red #Sox 0-7 on the road. Good News! Canceling NESN will save U money & if they keep losing on Tickets & Parking:)
Pretty gosh darn pumped to see Mr. in Bethesda this eve.
yeah it's just a Hallmark card holiday as they say(: but ew way to be a good friend -.- (referring to the crap person).
Is having the most shitiest evening ever. :''(
30 Rock has lost its touch, but damn the other two are big losses. RT : NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community?
I Knoooooo!!! :( My service sucks
woot thank you for listening :)
Be sure to check out this Thursday for Amber live 10pm-1am! No cover 21+
they obviously drugged your food lmao
what class are you in? It sounds fun hahaa
I'm one of the angry protesters and I fight with the swat team lol
What a great day with amazing people. Now if i could just fall asleep.
Yucca plants got full beautiful blooms in Albuquerque right now. Looking good!
that's a great question! It's the easiest way to get to Vegas, but most people don't realize we do that. Great odds fo sho!
you bringing clothes to change into?
didn't know you were in Baltimore!
who sucks at math like me?
how bout i come to your job and kick your ass
After a week off, tonight's Spurs game doesn't start until 8:30. I'm ready to go NOW.
Thanks for mentioning us! :)
Just finished two photo shoots with two great models! Now the editing begins.
Off too KC...
A rabbit just pooped jelly beans on the TV. What is the entertainment industry coming to?
I dont give a fuck about you anymore ..
How come I can't tag some people on FB ??
Hope we hook up on campus sometime. Maybe guest for each other's class.
That is quite annoying to say the least....
Does anyone have a restaurant suggestion for Stoughton, WI?
hey how your day today so far
so what is u doing
are you coming to SFO?
Wishing you a peaceful and fun holiday! Cheers to a healthy, happy, and prosperous 2012!
EU and US pledge loans 38 bil to Libya with what money? news flash the west is broke! Its becoming a joke their treatment of the bottom 90%
when i see you with her, slow dancing, tearing me apart cause you dont see me
#Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value
Sad to see go from I'll miss the amazing stories and the cutest thing in the office- baby
I cross reference with IRB. And amazingly I start with a free or almost free database called spokeo.
immortals hell Yeah!!!!
So that explains A LOT.
Thanks for heads up.
can't complain. Where ya been?
Congrats on the show. Is it the Scrubs to Scandal's ER?
Another Boring day at work!!!!
Broncos LB Joe Mays hugging in the hallway and thanking him for what he has meant to the team and what he has taught them all.
Get close enough to have fun...but don't get attached enough to get hurt.
Ok, I think it's like a triple play for #Drupal, after weeks of toil, got Entity Translation working for Nodes, Menus & Webform FTW!
If the proxy correctly handles the expiration header then caching should be ok. Older browsers / proxies won't though.
": BLUES SCORE AGAIN! #bluesplayoffs"
The antithesis of link baiting... I'm not sure I want to see what's behind that instagram link.
Straight wasted}
oops sorry i mean WHEN sorry luv ya
work your way up to it. Show a lil here and there
let the pageants begin!! Yayyyyyy
If you look at #Africa, most of the major players are still corporations. - Mofe Boyo of
Cable TV and Movie Divisions Help Lift Time Warner Revenue
Didn't do my science !! 4got about it >_<
#fvsu when does simmer classes start again , you would think I knew by it being my 5th semester and all !
okay!! lol bye
they're jealous?:)
Buying black pants should not take this long
Curious to know if still got his Lotto tickets for tonight?
Never leave a close fight in the hands of the judges...
Watching the Femme Fatal concert footage. This is Britney best album ever!! She's soo hott!
Everyone please tweet to tweet us reasons why Sophies mom should buy her VIP, or else she can't get them!!!! Help us out (:
I just moved this week too.1400 miles away from KC.
Neither can I! I always have to make the little thinger read it to me.
lol RT : You should consider moving someplace warmer, like Boston. 52 today. RT : 9 degrees in Atlanta GA: W...T...F?
If you want to have the rainbow then sometimes youre gonna have to deal with the rain.
hey man you all good
When my dance teacher makes me show her my butt in my bikini bottoms because she says i need her approval
first order of a soldier is to obey order
Agree 100%. RT “: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not #golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..”
Yes, I'm fine, but we'll see come tom. U know how it works, you feel fine and then you wake up the next day stiff.
ATTENTION LEADERS! MOST times people leave BAD managers, NOT bad organizations!
I will be on the horn with them and others. This is simply unacceptable.
Call me crazy, but while I hate getting things in my keyboard, I am absolutely fascinated by what's in there when I clean it out.
Ready for some more baseball tomorrow
EU program "blog forever" new tool for archiving blogs
I am surrounded by talented and kind people, like you and Aaron..some of it has to rub off!Hope you are well :)!
Thanks for the #FF love this week!
and exactly 2 months and 9 days from now we'll be leaving for the next one (;
we did good. The program was longer than I thought it was gon be.
that one song that you love but don't know the name <<
Animal Humane will bring adoptable pets to La Salita, giving you the opportunity to bring home a special friend.
you .. thats why Mama finna cook ... aha , Want Some tho ?
Clever, clever logos! Check them out: www.designshack.co.uk/articles/graphics/50-fantastically-clever-logos
not forever! Because junior year>freshman year>sophomore year.
damn it! I missed my chance
i know. poor family
RT : Self-reported consumer behavior on Facebook doesn't match up w/actual behavior, in my expereince.
Brad Caroll is an 18 year senior at Holley and he's running for a School Board position. He's on the air this us now! 98.9 the Buzz
Worked #prettyreckless last night wit the girl from
#TerrificThursday have a fantastic day big D :)
the India Fund Manager webinar was excellent! 20 Family Offices+15 Endowments+12 Pensions+7 Sovereign Wealth Funds attended!
The woman in front of me at Petco just asked if her son's pet lizard could drink bottled water. smh.
fancy seeing you here! :)
eBook prices will remain at this level, or fall, if we don't find a way to add value to ebooks. - Joe Wikert - Margin Walking
Book your limo for Summer Jam on Friday June 11th. Round Trip limo rates available! Free Wet Bar included! www.denverlimousine.com
Long Night ahead of me -A
All done with my #FFs for the day! DM me if I somehow forgot you and I will make it up to you...
Dir. Jarvis: parks have a role in our political and social discourse, the story of America is many voices, not one.
Vassallo, you're on twitter 2 days and you're already ripping on Buster. Nice!
You? Fat fingers?? Bwahahahahaha!!
Omge ah I bet
my fsbo offer was 10% over comp prices but $100k under the overpriced asking price and the buyer won't listen to any reasoning
If I were good at breakdancing, I'm fairly certain my life would be going differently.
would be awesome. Expect weeden, would rather have a right tackle.
Right, I forgot the name of the "new" studio.
must be nice...
You should show us pictures of all the foreign carriers with no where to go :)
It's ok, not your fault. I almost threw my iPhone to my laptop.
good luck man!! #BillsMafia wishes you the best!
#wordplay-o-d-day: ADDICTION: commercially speaking.
wait dude you're in Florida and didn't come say Hi to me ..I 'm in Tampa ... wow! Ariana in Florida
Goodmorning I don't feel good so I'm gunna stay home :) and play blackops :))))
I changed my car horn to sound like gun shots. People get out of my way a lot faster now
this conversation with hasnt had a dull moment at all an we been talkin all damn day smh
OH MY GOD, dying.
Hello Twitter!
should get Aaron Horkey to make Andrew Bird poster for Pittsburgh. Would be real cool of you!
this show is getting really good. i can't wait for next week!
This Sat doing Stand-up at The International Hypnosis Federation Conf in San Pedro. Comedy on Past-Life and Unconscious/Dark side of us all.
thank you :)
Banging out some great pages w on our feature script.
Watching Duck Dynasty…. again… I would pay/donate a lot of money to see these guys shave their beards off haha
im in this mess too!
Lol my gma was crying over the card that wasn't hers told her to read !!!
It's going to hit 90 today...I think it's time to put my snowshoes away.
don't fight it. It's in your DNA.
i dont want to though
Umm, did you get the HGG in the mail? It's to die. They MUST make a leopard iPhone case like the Ipad one!
NP : Ca$h Out Mixtape… It's My Time !
Call the local stations tell them to pull #BoycottRush Limbaugh save money & replace w/ #Huckabee & not hate & bigotry!
lots of cool people. Laaaawlss. ;)
I love Dan Meister
found an electric tooth brush in my cellar. schwag.
man me too lol
Had a pretty awesome day :D
My uterus and I would love to express our delight that the Matt Groening Springfield revelation has knocked Santorum out of Twitter Trends.
Mynas vs The Solid Suns vs Stickman Shadow vs Szabo. May the best local band win
Boys That Can Sing/Dance
I Am Following Him(:
Yes -- I think I might have to stop tweeting and process.
Sounds great! Just so all our followers know, there are no strings attached. It's a fun event to promote good beer & network.
Still 10 toes down
Who you telling
Dear new sub today, you're a wee bit attractive but please stop staring...
just heard o superman on a commercial during the office.. remember how creepy that song was??
There is a lot of EDU reforms going on - my gut feeling is that even with all these reforms, we are going to do WORSE. It is just a feeling.
": God Is Soo Amazing , I Must Say !"
Four tweets away from 5000
Who said he wasn't worth every penny?
that's pretty bad ass!!
's cameltoe is definitely one of the city's best!
heard you're never home
SPORTS CALENDAR
celtics jus caught back up all of the da sudden
-- Be The Difference, Born To Run
My boyfriend just threatened me. If my grades fall. He'll dump me. Because he doesnt want us dating to affect my grades. Im smart not stupid
Haha. I locked in my Mimi's basement with all the lights off.
thats works too..most if the time. Thought Id vibe out tonight. Lol
she ALWAYS has good stories ! lol
Sounds like Rashad Floyd. If so, he's a fucking idiot. Also, he dresses like a tool.
what mall you seen em at?
I don't wanna have kids, because like, why introduce them to all this fucking shit..? I'd feel like an asshole.
Def could've caught the bus and been home by now!
Can't wait for conditions to be perfect
what he should have, is a banner or some recognition in the rafters of Staples Center.
Looks like a full schedule today for the #NASATweetup. Hope everyone has their questions ready for Senator John Glenn!
I did and it didnt matter !:]
Reminder: Labor Day Hours SLU: Closed QA: 10m - 4pm ALL RAIN MEMBERS MAY USE The QA Rain ON LABOR DAY (Monday, Sept 5th)
Gotta get a signed pic from you. One of the kids I train here in Atl is from Philly. Loves u and the Sixers. Watches every game
nah I take the 728 now lol cause I'm to lazy to walk to the metro station
The Bank Shot Calculator is now live on iTunes! Press Release Offensive Billiards LLC Introduces the “Bank Shot Calculator” iPhone App S…
And how that growth can bring beauty to a smile to so many different lives.
&people ask why I love so much Thanks for everything
#WeWereCoolUntil your mouth started moving...
Happy 21st Birthday J-Ron! 21 Boots tonight
ha ha the lover snoring got him caught...stick a fork in me because I'm done
austin mahone is a sex god, lolololol.
you live to far nigga LOL
Would you like to dramatically increase your number of backlinks for better search engine indexing, rankings and traffic? FREE...
oh yay. tornado.
You threw away my heart like it was nothing, and now that my heart has finally let you go you come back to retrieve it
New all time low.. I can see my breath in my car.
3 more days until I report to the MTC!!!
#Romney can't wait to be able to use the #Bully Pulpit.
Amazing Twilight Sleep birth scene last night on Mad Men.
thank you :)
I'm glad you noticed ;-)
What's everyone doing today? #?
Out drinking and stuff. For fun. I could get used to this.
RT -Amazing animals-Great inspirational video-Turning disappointment into joy:From Service...
strewed streamers, streaming sunlight, shushed sunday
I know what you mean! It's a woman's heart,we are meant to love the babes no matter the Species:)
Thank you for supporting the Uni. We love it. We need it. We want to partner with folks like greencorp to do workshops and more.
I'm finna get my season pass to six flags so perhaps we can hit that up...
have a great show Adam! wish I coulda snagged some tickets
Thank you for the live updates
Let that shit burn let that shit burn !
dang girl aint talked to or seen you in a while
Let's.
that's what I'm here for baby, to make sure you're always happy :)
“: All kidding aside, it was a great presentation.” <-- +1000
#beardown RT : And in the third round, with the 88th overall pick, the Eagles do draft a QB, Arizona's Nick Foles.
Ion wanna be a player no more
Quarterly figures give hope to badly-hit Honda
now if we could just get Obama to step down! I'll bet your just sick you wasted your time trying to get people to vote forhim
wat to do rite now?!
Lol, eye see it but none of my ppls use it. Sorry, hopefully I'll hear it soon b4 it goes out of style.
unfortunately not for a bit, looking for a drummer. Know any?:)
oh okay I see lol
Its written in the stars and all over your face.
First veggies in new garden are green apple cukes from Baker Creek Seeds
Happy valentines Mary. Its been a good 4 years
omg really! We haV my bus driver
They still suck.. /: Haha. All I do is laugh at them.
So basically, I drove home from WeHo's kettlebell class last night GLOWING from a great, great class ...
I have been to the ISTE island in SL when I was at UNI with Dr. Leigh Zeitz...it is a cool island!
#letsdothis I am in would love to play
I WANNA MEET YOU KNOWING YOU ONLY LIVE 30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME ! LOL
weekend one of our shoot, was a success! We're looking forward to the next three!
I forgot to stop at Paola's house to drop off her book 
At this point my life is changing. That means I gotta get you bitch ass fake mfs out of the way,
So same size as Kindle.
That scary moment when you put a ring on your fringer and can't take it off.
my man! I went to T.A. Howard as well!
I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Testing… this should work. bingo players
than you too! love your avatar!
- Good luck with the show! Will catch up with you later this week!
It kinda sucks to be treated like you're the worst person ever, for reasons unknown, by someone who claimed to love you so much.
RT “: Listening to talk about telling the real estate story via video. <3 ” [Thx! Hope you enjoy it]
Exactly. I minored in French also. Now I'm lucky if I can summon a "bonjour." Wish someone had told me about use-it-or-lose-it.
bring those papers for me tommorow pleease 😉
we agree!! Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Thx! We do them in house! RT : Kudos to the folks who write the covers for The work is incredible.
Playing Pop-Punk Meets Metal. tonight!!! Come chill!
hey come check us out at
RT : Clarification: I thought Q4 asked for ways to measure agent productivity....
damn fam. It's real out here lol
Sounds good! We do offer classes for all age ranges, so please let us know when you're interested!
oh well hopefull u get to meet them
The really unusual day is a day when nothing unusual happens.
Your so Cupid (:
I love late starts, they're the only thing i look forward to all week (':
Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow
see u guys in a little bit!
lot's of bad hair! Long story how I got here.
I wish i lived in London :P
SEND ME THAT MATT
nectar of the gods
Those chips and salsa >>>>>>>
- Got 'em. Way to go Tigers!
It's unfortunate that Susan had an historic opportunity as a woman and a "non politician" to run but chose to use "negative" tactics.
ok Madison
... and only then, could it be true that Republicans are not the problem,
Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession - Portales News-Tribune Passion for holiday lighting turned into obsession Portales Ne
Pies & cornbread made. Yay;-)
Our suggestion, build base of local followers. You want to connect to your community. Best of luck.
This week has gone by so slow. I can't wait for the weekend (:
Im torn between the two....bahhh
Watching Fanboys and envying all the star wars merch.
Amen to that!
LOL! Hm.... ;P RT "I'm not happy until your underwear is wet!"
Thanks for RT!
RIP Junior Seau
RT: RT Do you want more Followers? RT&Follow
S/o to sexy
RT @ mikenealis RT : OH: "Peeing on things is like foursquare for dogs."
raise one hand if you hate the
i just watched the finale. i cant even breathe. claire and eli are back omgomgomg. THAT SHOULD BE ME, just saying.
Wonderful. Another solid blue state picks our candidate": THUMBS UP: California Republicans get behind Mitt Romney #tcot #tlot"
Got VIP tickets to BTR.
Been a long week, glad I've done what I needed to do...
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Froto is a buzz kill!
Amen! “We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” ~Winston Churchill
#FF Here's some great tweeps to follow this week:
Missed puppy Lucy :) seriously adorable
Gandolfo's in RC for lunch. Excellent as always.
Formulate and stamp on your mind a mental picture of yourself succeeding. ~Norman Vincent Peale
let me know what you thought of Streamclip if that's what you use.
Indeed! Will be at Twilight Room at 5, Merlo at 6pm. Thanks! :)
Dude, who was it? A regular?
Metta World Peace is gonna need a lot more than another name change this time...
happy mothers day Mull
not a big fan of usin the "hey we're still in 1st! its ok we blew today" argument. if we keep losing we wont be in 1st for long
American Idol Recap: Is Skylar Laine In Trouble?
Yes I'm more excited for summer time then being done with the easy part of college glad I got to see you saturday been to long
I just finished my favorite book ever and the ending sucked. Stupid Cliffhangers!
I saw destroyer of worlds as well! Good show!
Sir yes Sir!
Land tries to press play with her fat ass feet
Yet he couldn't wait to leave...: take some time 2 watch Lebron's MVP speech 2day. Totally appreciates where he comes from
Kiss My Swag.
umm yes...you are correct...I also did his eyebrow penciling
What can I say? I'm a classy guy. Dinner, Wine, and Madmen
#becauseofjustin I hate the jonas brothers (: thank you justin
Just take another pill, yea bet you, you will..
Today, let me know the way, go the way, and show the way.
. Thanks to Affordable Care Act, MA plans are not getting subsidized like they used to.
Great mtgs today! and an informal with
Let the games begin
no we def don't. I'm a die hard packers fan living in Illinois haha.
Password reset #tweetthatb*tch! Watch out for these hackaholics anonymous 3rd party apps ya'll!
says access is the key to every story. Interviews are most inefficient. "I just want to hang out. Find place."
Heading over to Travis High School to talk about politics again! Can't wait!
Oh I'm sorry Amanda how was your Halloween?
if you bet on the giants to beat the packers, you got a tasty Greek salad w/shrimp- paid for by :-)
Embracing diversity will improve success
When there are live #twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1% says
Ohh totally!!! We totally were better than rebecca's squad(; or was she on ours?! I forgot!
Would Jesus use sunscreen?
lmao damn just like that huh? I like how you didn't hold back, put me on blast lol
Back in the Tech Center office... TCB.
seriously !!!! I have the worst road rage ever too hahahah
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
bestfriend isn't going to be at tryouts tonight. -.-
I gotta wake up at 6 am for school! :P Wish I could sleep til 11!
happy birthday!
u know admitting u have a problem is the first step...lool
man idk if we can b friends today.
If you're not for gay marriage I don't want to know you.
Which feed are you referring to?
Happy 18th to Mr. !! WOO HOO!! How do you think he's celebrating??
Pink moscato M
I love u 2
Terrace MT: Mickies for breakfast, followed by 70play Badgers scrimmage. Is there a better way to spend a Wisco spring morning?
You're welcome. Cool... Will review email 2morrow. Gotta be up at 2am :-) Cheers!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tupac the TRUTH.
watched you and play early today
Only a particularly awesome graf. I left them wanting much, much more.
Thanks! Money is always the key!
What's up Twitter and Facebook Gm I'm starting my own broadcast company for the poor and under achieving people let's do this
This weekend is the Youth Competition at the Loutit Library lower level Sat/Sun. Come and vote for your favorite aspiring artist!
Good for Marcum.
why is a pregnant woman risking being at a protest?
Hey Lisa, we just wanted to check-in. Are you still planning on running "Tarkio Balloon" on the site? Thanks!
Noel Gallagher on Jack White: "[He] did a song for Coca-Cola. And he looks like Zorro on doughnuts."
Who would pick on a special needs kid? I hope your dreams come true buddy!
