so how you feeling right now? !*)
will be performing live in Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver, CO on 1-19-2012. Buy your concert tickets from us at: 888-493-0004
you need to check out the amazing #petworth window art at Annie's Ace. Pronto.
Shout out to for successfully getting "Private Dancer" OUT of her head and INTO mine.
The Fly guys are doing there thing tonight!! Way to go!!
should return back to World Rally Championship
Zoe allday everyday
I am tuned into the #BlackBerry #DevCon live webcast happening now in San Francisco. It is the next best thing to being there.
Portlander is happy Obama is bringing home the troops, but pissed there will be more people to compete with for jobs.
RT : Since Tim Thomas skipped White House visit, Bruins are 9-11-1, and his save percentage down from .933 to .899
lmaoo i feel you -__- no hoes want the dick tonight so my lonely ass just sitting here tweeting my inner thoughts and shit
THANK YOU. i still watch that youtube vid on the regs.
Rainy morning. Stayed home to install and configure what will soon be the best mustache wax e-commerce site on the interwebz.
he has done pretty well.
I guess I shouldn't of said "pro" lol
Thanks Lorin, hope to see you soon...
What a play by Frank Clark!! Michigan ball at the Hokie 35!!
#NP OG Ron C & ASAP Rocky - LiveLovePurple... This shit is over kill C&S. Rock music already slowed n throwed. WTF
Coming up on 1000 tweets...very peculiar for someone who hardly speaks..
#Follow because she is hot and she just followed me!
Just 4 more people needed to reach 300 members! Log on to Facebook now and join,"The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." It's for charity.
Video #2 that's a wrap!!! We did it again....I hope and many others including
If I had it my way: you'd have fallen for me and I'd be happier.
ForeclosureMediationAssistant.com offers a complete self-management product. Complete with a "Personal Assistant" to help you stay on track.
We so hawt! Keep tweeting Christian. I did about 23534635 times and he finally followed me, then I had a heart-attack!
RT : Guerrilla Marketing is about low cost, high impact, creative marketing that generates a profit
thats good ! and yea same here. pretty good!
we love Dr. King so much we're OPEN today! regular hours come get some grub nom nomm nommm
RT Tonight's #NewGround2012 lineup: BUST & IN THE NEXT ROOM. Both start at 7:30 p.m. and will make you laugh!
for my demo I just need everyone to have Internet access for a take home quick assignment! Nothing in class will be necessary.
I gave john your bud light platinum tonight. Fail.
Idk why a whole bunch of people think I'm stuck up.. like seriously me?? Welp *kayne shrugs*
DID YOU VOTE YET??? Kris Bailey Austin City Council Place 3!
You can't change people, you can only change how YOU deal with them
I have a twitter I don't use and the bad thing is Justin Bieber follows me on it lolol.
Nah, just most of it. :) I didn't actually have a beer that early. I just let my dogs out and seriously thought about it!
Thanks! Classic style?
sfjazz collective's first gig is here at portland jazz fest tomorrow. rehearsal today was EXCITING! working on stevie wonder material.
Good morning, Sunshine....
RT : The Highlands Homes Printcast is about hyper-local real estate for one Denver neighorhood. And it includes sold ads. h ...
Yo, wish you guys were down here today.
thanks brother!
Newt is quoting Reagan's diary. Shocker.
He was a bold man that first eat an oyster,
Do you have any info about an Andriod 4.0 ICS update for Razr Maxx coming soon? Like today? Thanks.
Looking for this bumber sticker "If God's not a Broncos fan why are sunsets blue & orange." for you.It's on my car.
Looks like the weather has cleared up for us today. Get 2-4-1 Leinie pints till 4pm.
i am an incurable, and nothing else behaves like me
When you really matter to someone, that person will always make time for you. No excuses. No lies. No broken promises.
#IWannaBe the best golfer in the world!
I just said it b/c it rhymed.. But I still want it though.
me me me me me me me me me me
what happened? 0-5 really? Please we are not the Smh.
DONT MAKE ME LAUGH JERK IT HURTS SO GOOD!
Third String Productions(Houston) & Shadowplay Lounge is looking 4 ppl 2 join their street team! if U like going 2 free shows hit us up!
probably pretty easy to loose one of us when #CraftBeer is involved
oh nothing, they're giving out wristbands Wednesday and I was wondering if you worked Monday could you tell me if ppl were there
My birthday is on May 29th im turning 14, did you wanna tweet me something? Or dm lol
Are you guys doing anything for Minneapolis Pride?? I'd love to be a part of it!
I started singing #saysomething in math and i got yelled at): haha oh well it was worth it(: <WeMissAustin!>
There is a 300 pound black woman in my store wearing a shirt that she is spilling out of. Tattooed across her chest is "got milk" 😔🔫
i followed you please follow me back
It's almost your first Friday in the new gig.... hope you're jamming!
"Captain Dick" LOL
Isabelle Mauny Joins WSO2 Leadership Team as Director of Product Management, Leads New WSO2 Madrid Office
What is the latest on you debating ?
I think I love you too
be happy
I got the louie duffle and a big bag of #PURP .
no reply on Berlin coffee. I have your list from last year somewhere, but interested in anything new for Mom's 1st Germany trip.
pearl street mall
One of the worst days in recent history for me. It is my own #fail day.
Back at to see and ! Maybe will join us next time to cheer on a former #packer?
good morning all and happy st pats
Giants breaking tackles, making NE look bad.
hell yeah man show me what you guys got
Guys are really gross.
I found me a big bag of carrots. <3
i'm bored tweet me
Break time, so excited for tomorrow. MOHAWK.
Tomorrow is patriots day, kids in Massachusetts have the day off.
"Social media is the new normal" - Brian Solis
: how about doing a text messaging promo with for loyal TV customers and offer great prizes too !!
We're going to miss you in Orlando
Where are you? Are you alive?
I know you tweet her, but Happy bday(: hope it's a great one<3
Skip Bayless was nominated for an Emmy? If he's so great how come he doesn't have a Nobel Peace Prize?
#PickupLiners Looking at tag on shirt collar..."Like I thought, made in heaven!"
I need to go visit nick today!! I miss him 💔
At work and this weather is draining me :-/
You're right! The hour flew by and we learned a lot and will share in the SCV blog!
Awe my mom embarrassed this poor guy
How was everyone's weekend? Do anything out of the ordinary? Or maybe you came in and visited one of our stores to pick up some polish? :)
At a cubs game in the beautiful sunshine...praying the cubs can hold on... Up 2-1 in the fifth.
Help us out: How can Friends of #SOTG keep to our mission and build community around #SOTG without a festival to save?
that was one ugly win, #jayhawks, but i'll take it.
it cannot be that bad
I have a feeling I forgot to do something important ... I hate that feeling! 
Happy Happy birthday 2 your son from us!!!
Poor Karen Cartwright :( RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
aw, sorry another kiddo is sick. But it was funny to read after ur story at church. & btw, thanks for the sermon. So good & needed!
yeah I know soo retarted. It's his manager and Royce's fault
The President & The Press: Obama analyzed by Martha Joynt Kumar, White House press observer on Midday noon
true that. “: It's a great day to Whip somebody Ass!!!! #justsayin”
What happened to Prince?? Oh. RT Rickie Weeks is only returning starter in infield for Brewers. Hope the changes work out.
Just spotted Link walking on the sidewalk... is it ComicCon? I think so. Harry potter and his crew are chillin outside as well :P
Thanks! Jer 29:11 is my favorite! Also, "Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart." Psalm 37:4
Haha. RT Bike ride along the river. Hope I don't have a heart attack.
And the good news just keeps coming. Made it to round two of 's Collegiate Correspondence program.
Hey! Happy Holidays and Cheers to a brighter New Year from all of us at the Friends of Lakeshore State Park! Travel safe.
Home Tip of the Day: Use unscented cleaning products when possible. This will reduce unnecessary pollutants in your home. via
222 days till Christmas!
I want to do something outside today! Who's in?
Politicians don't take us seriously. We must show examples of our success Nubians
RT : Love, peace & soul to the memory of Don Corners. So sad to hear of his passing.
WE AIN'T PARTYING ON 7 MILE 2DAY WE HAVING REVIVAL SO WEAR SUM CHURCH CLOTHES
"Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up."--James A. Garfield (ΦBK, Williams College, 1864)
Nope. Ha
No question. “: will be good to see you at the final four #beenalongminute”
what y'all doing
I'm hoping they get to do Time Trotters now! I feel a little weird about the breakup of the whiskey sites tho.
Easter movie: Weird Science. Thinking this was a tribute to Jobs and Woz creating The Lisa.
NP "Look at her remix" my fave song
I'm just as excited as you are!! :)
Taylor swifts life must be depressin, she's makes a love song and its followed by an album of heartbreak.
first barton springs experience--glorious!
About to treat to some football chanting oh yeah!
sunday :/ nothing to do ....BLAH!!!
You can now find Rohrbach Scotch Ale on tap at Monroe's Restaurant & Bar, 3001 Monroe Ave. Rochester NY!
Although most NYU offices are closed this week, hall resource centers are open and staff are on duty & available to assist residents.
She was reluctant to talk to new people? Is this correct?
a wee bit bad?
I'm glad I can make you day :) haha that was pretty funny!
-dances under the light of the moon, holding my iPad2 when the hottie #FF appears on my screen- M, Must Licky Him!
Carroll Shelby will be greatly missed.
in the 1970s office building architecture makes me uncomfortable sense
: Ctfu I already know. RT : don't think we cool like that lol in still gon be right at ya neck
What would God have you treasure and ponder in your heart this Christmas? May your memories and moments be worthy to remember
I have NHO and ADM201 beginning of next week. So Thursday or Friday works with me.
Rinaldo & Voracek only have a combined six games of playoff experience.
RT : A database issue is causing a high error rate across all pages. We’re working quickly to restore performance.
Atlas Shrugged Pt.1 is on Netflix streaming! It's only a matter of time before i attempt that endurance test.
Best bagel in west Hollywood? La brea bagel co. All the way
Ask, and you shall receive!
ufck this, cutting my hair
Commercial break = another beer margarita.
“ Do what U feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway -Eleanor Roosevelt”
To change your life, just need to change.
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Just me and you together
#News President Obama plans to announce a summer jobs plan
Reflection Question for Sunday Worship, "When you think of the word “family,” who is included? How can we expand the concept of family?"
Where did my 71S QuikTrip go?
Started playing tiger woods 13 this morning, anybody know how the hell to putt on that game??
Top serious discussion of red hots
Nice dude! 28 miles probably burned around 2000 calories for you on a less efficient bike. Also.. give your mom props for me!
Working out :)
I think about yelling at people and making them cry a lot.
i just wanna sleep :(
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
I need to know what you workout goal is so I create a fitness program to cater to your needs and wants.
Aerobics class today was great but it hurt so BADD😢
Thanks for sharing the #bangaloreboon love!
#GOPACKGO Today might be a good day for me to unfollow you.
Wondering Wat U Would Do If I Went Missing On Yo Ass
And thats when i said, We come from two different worlds, but there's only one us..That could make things easier.
holy shitttt OUAT. So crazy last scene omg
OH: "I want all the bugs to hatch and then die. Is that bad?" No, not at all.
raining on long island ;x I'm glad I don't have to be out in it today
candy is dandy
Legs and back ache so bad. No matter how I lay, I just cant get comfy. </3
have a good weekend friend!
Wow....mock a UFC fighter on Twitter and out come the 'have no lives' wolves! Seriously laughable
(cont) operate under the principle of negatively reinforcing anyone ever declaring cash there again. 3.5 hrs early @ airport = barely enough
Need a filmer!!
OVERHEARD JUST NOW: "Does he breathe fire?" -Kid "I don't think he's THAT type of lizard." -Mom (about Spike, our uromastyx)
Must... debut... new... mixes... tomorrow night
Thanks for the follow. Will take a look at your designs.
OK. Will Kobe rape again or does he respect money? 4 mil dollar ring because you anal raped a fat white girl is expensive.
Iowa! Make this stop. Please. RT Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) just requested some YouTube videos of late term abortions."
Christina just does not like this guy. Gotta say it makes her look petty.
I'm up at 3:45a, drive to train, rolling at 5:26a, arrive downtown 6:45a, start work at 7a.
VERY EXCITING! RT : on stage discussing expanding Horizon Project to more directly include #library community.
Looking over grad student final paper proposals and proud as any parent could be.
Sounds like a great problem to me!
Cannot function. But I have to go see the daddio soon
Class is Crazy fun tonight... oh wait no its not, not at all
And clicking Reply too fast too? ;)
: Brooklyn bound later today. LAX --> JFK.
Final Score G Road 72 Dream Vision 53.
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan Done and done!!
Pirata Burrito for #dinner... You know you're tempted!
This is beyond stressful
want to take your game to the next level? train with us at Velocity Sports Performance! 212-593-3278
Thank you so much. I will be getting Parallels. It looks a little more user friendly. Thank you so much!
I like the sound of this!!
Off to talk about Haydn quartets and Mozart quintets for three hours.
TONIGHT Drink smoke drink smoke smoke drink listen nod drink drink ignore smoke drink smoke drink drink home fuck? smoke sleep $5
#theweddingbeat My pleasure! Keep me posted. I can't wait to read it.
RT : trying to reach 100 Lens members by December. Donate today to help support investigative journalism in #nola. bit.ly/vi3yDD
is that good or bad for u
god lmao, what about you? :)
My former student Arno Ohlenbusch is playing at Carnegie Hall today! The concert is presented by Crescendo Festival!
Just saw #Hugo, and it's a nice, moralistic story about an orphan boy who has to make adults feel good about themselves to prove his worth.
More than a hundred proud students will be recognized for their award-winning artwork in The Scholastic Art Awards this morning !
I could really go for some chocolate ice cream and sprinkles from dairy queen 😊
why are you up so early? i dont think the world is ready for you at this hour of the day :)
I got a fake ID and a checklist, it goes never meet a girl on Craigslist.
so I guess you're not working that hard on saving up for the $6000 waterproof laptop?
Thanks for sharing!
San Diego Law corruption is why
Thanks for all the feedback re Tech Entrepreneurs Week trailer
The person must be smart, simple, fair, courageous and kind. Only then, he has the right to wear a lofty title - Man.
Today is 's birthday....wanna follow her?
Love the birthday theme, a fun new challenge in the game. Not liking the ads in the shop, they obscure the back button.
Donated blood again:)
I LOVE that song!! I forgot about it. :) Have a blessed week, Kristen!
Checking on Pinterest for my upcoming class and my page is filled with pictures of food. What the hell is wrong with you people?
Really loving right now. u too?
Itz time for a new phone Arin
HAHAHA! I'm mean....
I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love liove love love love love love love love love love u
For whoever is lonely there is a tavern. - Georg Trakl
Living in a big truck for 3 weeks at a time is kind of like camping without the fun. At least we are together and making money.
you would send that photo.
after the beagle aquisition you were probably thinking "oh my, what have I done." any unchewed things left in the house? ;-)
Don't be sad Boo Boo - this is your year!!!!!!
"Things do not change. We change." ~Henry David Thoreau
Thank you to for hosting our benefit night for last night! The Pizza of the Gods (w/ red onion)? Sublime.
There's no proving you wrong when you're right.
Next on Las Olas is Roccos Tacos “You haven’t had Rocco’s until you had our famous Guacamole with chips, it’s that addictive!”
Let you account receivables work for allowing you to grow your business and focus revenue where needed through Factoring you AR invoices.
Bitch get over urself why u gay if u not going to be comfortable wit it? Oh u must think its wrong too huh lol
STOP CLICKING THE URL!
Hey Edelman Chicago, from everyone at Elton Designs & Elton Digital, have a fun time at your holiday party!
I just noticed that I can't spell.
I'd like to thank Yahoo's auto-drafter for picking Josh Hamilton for me back in March.
Get da $$$ bro...black white hispan u name it..usa land of opportunity....
apt complex news:security gate broken/pool resembles mtn dew/someone knocked on our door attempting to sell red bulls from a shopping cart
God is still amazing!
Ill just keep going and going until I blackout.
Rocky Balboa first stepped into the silver screen ring in 1976. What's your favorite movie in the anthology?
I can't believe you guys are leaving!
I love you Matt!
busy, busy weekend....but so excited to see my brother!
I got doin my new soundclick page. It's gon be crazy! They Go In! Stay tuned!
Write down what you want in a life, and then go get it. It is that simple.
“: yes but I went for the no run...” // You do what you can and some days, it's nada ;)
what about the super low budget folks who are shooting on location without a generator?
#OhYouKnow.. Just working on my wifey skills, making snickerdoodle cookies :)
I'm pretty sure if she gets away, mama ain't catching her.
In Alt-academy, I appreciate the point/counterpt of 's "architect" and "scholar-programmer." (I'm an architect)
wow that's fantastic!
i'm looking forward to some camping/bonfires/s'mores this summer.
Do you think the #spurs needed this adversity, or does this just suck?
Just saw Zebra at Acura Stage play some killer Led Zep to end their set. Next up the Beach Boys.
i am going to see in #cleveland in July
We're normally not open Tuesdays, but tomorrow we're making a special exception for our #Titanic exhibition!
I think we've over saturated the "market" between April and now. We've played in Milwaukee many many times.
Late Night Munchies ^^^
lies lies lies! Lol I told you not to accept drinks from random people!
Like comedy? & will appear on our 50th episode this Friday!
Okay so I am new to this twitter thing. Seems fun so far but not sure what I am doing.
Sorry Humber's perfect game was against your
Mayweather's domestic violence not challenged in HBO interview. Dyson is wrong 4 failing to challenge him or HBO is wrong 4 excluding it
enjoy the rest of your hols! X
I can today in the afternoon wenever
had a TON of fun at Warehouse 8B tonight! Fight For First killed it, totally missed those guys!
OMG girl you crack me UP! RT What u need some gum..bref like some thunda
I always knew you were meant to be a teacher. RT just the tip... #inappropriate (this is your first lesson in #s)
Spectacular?... as in utter dismal pathetic failure? Hey, every trip to the plate is not a home run.
Tigers on Young "We are aware of the situation, however it is our club policy not to comment on pending legal matters."
Facebook targeting IPO 5/17, our anniversary (32). Coincidence? #totallyirrelevant! But we did file for our IPO on my 50th BD.
It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday...
You OK?
Sleeping With the Enemy is on. There goes my afternoon.
You can stream it on Spin's website. I've been listening all week. It's incredible. :)
if they had a free monster machine @ work, it would trump tha java, but sometimes I'm only as good as my free options
to be continued come march hopefully. you will be missed on the cruise
My mother doesnt trust me no more
"Year" is a vestigial mode of time measurement based on solar cycles. It's not applicable...
When the Japanese mend broken objects they aggrandize the damage by filling the cracks with gold, because they believe that when
Dozing off Christmas brunch while awaiting my flight back to DC. Airport is sadly devoid of holiday cheer.
A boy makes a mistake, Girl scolds him, Boy says "Sorry".. Next time girl makes a mistake, boy scolds her, Girl cries.. Boy says "Sorry" :P
I see that. Ha!
Watching Asians Aloud on HBO- loving the diversity
One of these days I will actually make an effort to memorize the CMYK #'s for my logo.
I can listen to Aaliyah all day
When are the Disneyland dates again?
I don't always agree with you but excellent call on the McGillivray fight last night. Jackson should have stopped it.
When my mom makes me fried chicken>>>>
thanks for the follow!
Departures threaten to close Baker & McKenzie in San Diego. Mintz Levin gets two IP attys and tax atty. Full story online at DJ now.
Eric Draven Jesus Christ Stop me if you heard this one Jesus Christ walks into a hotel. He hands the innkeeper three nails, and
Suck it up kid. Get out there and earn. Help out society. The world is a bad place? Become a doctor and cure some people.
will you be better by Saturday at ?? Lol :)
filed DMCA, but the instructions say must file 4 each post. There are 400ish of mine on this one site. Thx 4 the tweet.
Near LAX in Los Angeles
I really love One Direction!
Charleston based Dave Baker is Columbia bound today for the Dr. Oz show!
awww it's not like they meant anything. When do they ever? Oh and thanks for thinking I go home with strange men lol. Rude!
How can I manage to flirt and be completely and utterly annoyed and a little sad all at the same time
Looking for a SQL Server DBA for opportunity in Austin, TX. Must be US Citizen.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Tao Te Ching
Someone bring me some food to the editing lab, I'm starving!
I don't nag or none of that unnecessary shit.
Thanks for the tweet mention. All for His glory!
Tired of the bs. Like foreal
Listen To Birdman And Mack Maine And Lil Boosie Song The Fam.M.P.
Did you take some Dramamine??
Thursday's humming along! #Chiropractic at www.3cpdx.com is where it's at! Here's to your #health, #Portland!
yeeeaah I've been doing paper applications rather then going online
No offense to Buble fans, but listening to the guy cover the likes of Frank and Bing is like going to 5 Guys and eating a soy burger.
gosh i love this shitt
Hmm..he was about a 7, but got upgraded to a 9 when he carried the bike up the stairs with one hand and no effort.
Never buy used lol want new...to much more can go wrong
why can't monkey's talk yet? it's like evolution isn't even real.
follow us because our tees are awesome and our competitors don't even like puppies. Imagine that...
haha tell that to my mom
where are you? :(
Please pray for marriages to be healed, and the sanctity of marriage protected...
"On my mind" by on my headphones.
You mean the group experiment? I don't remember a paper. We just worked on the project the whole time.
ORCID goals: Phase 1: Get IDs registered and in-use for current comm. of researchers. Phase 2: services around disambiguation.
that's pretty cool. Congrats Kyle
i will never love anyone
benefits and drawbacks of backchannels at
First day of summer! Did everyone have a awesome Sunday!!! Sunny Days Ahead!!!
Theres always that person that brings everybody down
ahaha. Okay i will (,x
RT : Former brewer launches in San Francisco, focusing 100% on barrel-aged sour
Moving back to UT in 2 days w/ quite a bit more packing left... plus 2 projects and 6 disc posts to do...
How can I find out more about research engr positions at Harvard?
NY is going to win Game 3 and they're winning 4-7 with Jeremy Lin the savior. Booking it
Doing the garden, digging the weeds. Who could ask for more?
No problem 3>>> RT : Thanks! xo
do you guys really not know what #ramen is? ~~~~rich
same. We only have to say what was on the blue sheet, right? Like, as a group?
not letting me for some reason but will do when it lets me :)
and where's the picture of that Mr. urban paparazzi?
send me ur #
Go Panthers!
Great show at Mountain Jam. Impressed.
B. Rabbit spits!! RT : Eminem's final battle sequence in '8 Mile' is about to come on.
ya, but got no ideas for LOI!
#Indy #vegetarians: What are your favorite places for dinner in the downtown area?
RT : I do however read the Kathy Reichs books Bones was based on./ You are always so far ahead of me.
this is calling our names RT : We have the and heat lamps outside! What more do you want?!
“ “ Oh shit its the cops! Everybody look as white as you can!........NIGGA HIDE THE FUCKING CHICKEN!””
Hoping to hear next week about which CA school-based health centers will receive the HRSA construction grants. Stay tuned for more details.
That's awesome!
Since the Bobcats will become the worst team in history, do the Raptors become the worst team this year? They lost to the Bobcats TWICE!!!
ABOUT TO REIGN OVER THIS MEDIEVAL ART HISTORY EXAM........get it ?
I hope they have more exciting fighters on the show this season.
Day isn't complete until you ruin a new white tee.
Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family
and 46% more likely to be exposed to chinstrap line beards
Like Javascript and great people? Be a TA my good friend for his #javascript class with tonight. Reply if interested
Thank you Erin. Yes - stopped by this week for dinner - always outstanding. They have a BBQ Saturday 4/28.
Oh Annie :) That's why I'll never unfollow you.
OOH NATHAN YOUR NEW PICTURE YOU'RE SO HANDSOME
Sure thing - keep me posted if it works out. Would love to read the article!
Happy Mothers Day!! To all you Moms out there. Us guys would be lost without you. Thank You.
I appreciate focus on listening.
that is a HUGE accomplishment in my books. Thank you.
Oh yeah!!! My boys ring chasing! Another one bites the dust...lol.
shit I don't think the no cruising can happen especially if you know me.
Can't wait to move, get my dog, and start being a real academic. lol
Wouldn't be continuing issue if Hamels wasn't dense enough to, one, do it and, two, brag about it.
niggas is dumb as hell
it's not lebron tho we need that raptor back he actually puts in work
Congrats Grammy Tammy :) Absolutely adorable!!!
Why am I still up?! Oh yeah because I can sleep in class since we never do anything anymore.
Chose a delicate soft stone because it is pretty? ignore its function? You will be disappointed sooner rather than later.
just followed back :D
hoping dale jr will win
Goodnight to Japan have a nice day to US
Now I predict the finale three. #Arsenio #Clay and
i smile... because i have no idea whats going on.
slept?! I didn't even know! what's wrong with me? (don't answer that)
I'm such a computer GeEk!
Lmfao! Who you talking about?
Olive garden with my mom
o....totally gonna use that on #wordswithfriends ; )
Why is every salesclerk at Lord and Taylor 130 years old??
hi john! You're hot.
RT “: Junior# QA #Tester -Charlotte, NC: immediately. Testing #mobile functionalities with HP QC experience. #job DM 4 details
Awesome. Wishing you gentle winds this weekend at the balloon race. Good luck!
Ugh sick :(
Meeting with new photographer this evening to discuss headshots, etc.
A sweet comment from a stranger started off a fantastic day!! I need to step out of my comfort zone more and do the same.
where have you gone?!?
idk man... i just love Josh Hutcherson
Chillin at the QHT. It's the new swell.
rocked the halftime!! Fergie and Slash was f'ing awesome!!
i love u JB...can u follow me plz???
Your designs are dope!
hey..nothen much...how u been?
MongoDB or MYSQL? Having a hard time making the decision....
Thanks to the Univ. of Texas Regents for approving $25 million a year towards a medical school. Very exciting news!
I keep fuckin up I feel like typing
yes. it'll still upgrade the team.
Kelly Ayotte: A guide to the dark-horse VP contender
S/O to all my new followers today! Love you all!
Landon reminds of this boy... <3 A Walk to Remember.
Sitting in a room with 3 humidifiers. Who am I, Mariah Carey? No, but I do have a lingerie closet.
It must suck to "text black" and have spell check ,, right?
s/o 2oo we don't follow eachother, but goodnight & sweet dreams :))
Students are on the Quad writing letters to Illinois state legislators to ensure the future quality of a U of I education!
hasher's annual red dress run.
Q. What do you have when you get 32 Michigan fans together? A. A full set of teeth. [RT if you agree]
“: Real fans know how Katniss really got the Mockingjay Pin. #BookToMovieProblems #HungerGamesProblems”
Why. Why do I ever listen to sports radio. Why. Somebody buy me an ipod please. David Ortiz doesn't care about winning? Jesus Christ.
I want to do my family tree this summer. Maternal grandmother is fr Trinidad, g8t grandmother fr Panama & everyone else is fr Barbados.
haha well he didn't move there on purpose it s a ghetto prep table, kinda efffed up.
Let's chat about getting you on our show some time
ha! Wow:P
won't happen in the playoffs though
"Tradition" doesn't mean "correct." How many "traditions" were wrong? Interracial marriage?! Slavery?!
that's a good idea - you're inbox must be crazy right about now!
OK, seriously? That makes me so sad. Feeling surrounded. Truly.
Steelers fans everywhere in Cleveland today... And I forgot my fly swatter...
There’s nothing more pleasurable compared to a tiny social gathering out on the particular deck on a nice morning
Answers: accessibility&access, welcoming &safe spaces
it is wht it is.
Sony needs a sign at their company that says instead of "Days without an accident: 0", have: "Weeks without being hacked. 0".
Frustrations boiling over for players. Pavel Pardo and Sebastian Grazzini both especially remonstrative with Dominic Oduro.
back to this power point...
has FOUR things to get done today.
exactly what BC said
BATTLE OF THE EXES: Will miss you Rachel/Aneesa!
Thanks to both of you for the compliments! And for reading!
what is the degree of significance of data channel metrics? #SPARC_Binfield Need more research.
And if u stick to Cap Hill, u get $1 off drinx @ the Eagle if you take your shirt off indoors
Where's team heat at now ?
I dont regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted on the wrong people
may I just say,... that was a very sexy check by Giroux...
hey I haven't talked to you in like 2 years do you remember me?
You can't call it freedom if everyone does not have it
I wish I could get to inbox zero.
Lol I'm always up this earlier it really doesn't bother me at all :)
I am Jennifer Lopez and Nene is Marc Anthony.
that'll make you easy to spot!
i wish i lived in 1950
Hm, I don't hear/see anything.... That's what I thought.
Dnt let me stop now show let me be in da show too haha:-)
Electric Cab is now hiring, we're 100% legit now, inquire for details!!!
read some books
b'scuse me?
“: typical” heard that
I saw that online and thought it was fake! Disgusting.
Tony #14 is going to toast the town in Richmond tonight. #NASCAR #RVA Great night
Marvins Room by Drake
feeling like Andrew Helton
Omg, what did your teacher say when you were going gta-ing?? LMFAO.
Here is the clip from 3:06
The Experiment is about tohit..
Don't waste your time on a man/woman, who isn‘t willing to waste their time on you.
I love it. It's like a personalized news and update feed. I rarely look at Facebook these days.
RT : Syracuse University said its 3.6% tuition increase for 2012-13 school year will make cost of attendance $55,600.
living for myself and nobody else
Thanks for the response! Can't wait!
This cracks me up. RT is a legend of a man! Love drinking in nyc with him!
Watching a video in class = texting and looking at twitter because im bored
not really worth it..
I got the priorities all right today : ) Granola breakfast, 2500 yard swim.
We believe children are the future. But we also believe in UFOs
lmfaooo RT : nah Fam with the right filters Instagram can cure AIDS.
lol I know right
post the shirt.
“: that is entirely a hoax.” Of course! But a fella can dream :)
Living Together Before Marriage: Is It For You? [EXPERT]
Surprised to see MRC text message smoking cessation trial included vehicle crashes as a secondary outcome. Smart.
10, damn where you been?
depends on what you are hoping to accomplish!
I feel for JeJo, Brendan and Rachel will be making out all night GA-ROSE!!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #fakeaccount because...they don't have people like working for them.
your s>o>l
Busquets doesn't get hacked. Just dive. & no 1 team/style has trademark on "beautiful game." Hate Barca 4 such arrogance
Doesn't that cartoon need some thieves in the background of the Explorer browser? :-)
Would LOVE to, but it is way too expensive for us! We're nonprofit! Le sigh.
I need a miracle or a huge break!!! Bring it!!!!!!
Evans deserved to win the dunk contest w/ the double, but we need the stars back. Lebron v Kobe v Igou v Blake . . .
FOLLOW ME
Getting ready for tonights call with Cjbart .
If your looking to bless others you will find joy and continually receive blessings.
good! super busy, lots of <333 coming soon!
Physically exhausted from this trip! It was a true test of metal endurance to make it fun none-the-less!
my friends say that you don't know I exist so I think you should tweet me to prove them wrong
"I'll let you be lieutenant if you let me be captain"<- love this song
love you <333
I'm in class voting for yuu, if I get caught its still worth it<3 Follow?<3
Annoying part about bartending: customers ordering complicated drinks during rush hour.
what up Dee?!!
thanks for the RT, you rock!!
Count on Lunatik losing our Karma Vcard here on KarmaSwap. Got your direct e-mail,can u send more info?
have a nice weekend!
ok. maybe i&#39;m just one of those sick and twisted people who gets off on making other people happy? impossible huh? take care
I am so fucking pissed right now. NO ONE HAS THE RIGHT TO CALL MY GIRLS UGLY. I hope this guy rots in hell.
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
Thanks to for the invite, we will be at booth 4571 WIN A 10.1" ANDROID TABLET and FREE 3 months of Service.
ugh! You and ... I don't believe it!
Thanks for the RT, Hope you have enjoyed these memory games
If not, you should come visit us! RT : oh good..u ever been to street food asia
goodnight. And sweet dreams. (:
I will try not to disappoint, my friend!
switch to goats... works better...
Let's just say that when I read your tweet out-loud, I could hear myself talking.
now VIP are sold out too! :'( Thank you so much. I was dying. I'll be depressed for the rest of my life till I get the ticket
your welcome!
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
Jesus can walk on water. Humans are 70% water. I can walk on humans. Therefore, I am 70% Jesus.
much like old people swearing, photos of toddlers smoking and drinking crack me up. Oh and nuns smoking. Nuns smoking = hilarity.
lol I knew all visual stories would be a mistake!
Misunderstood doesn't have to be explained
Schmooze is less than a week away! Come join us Tues. 10/12 at The Benson Hotel from 5:30-8:30 pm,hit the link for more www.schmoozepdx.com
#Patriots & #Giants fans, we still have #rooms available from Jan 27-Feb 1 if you're coming to Indy early.
Next up: studying for jazz history midterm.
yeah, set myself up for that one. =)
LOL! RT You know you're getting fat when you sit in your bathtub and the water in the toilet rises.”
Permanent headache :(
love it when celebs actually respond to you! :) I'll never forget when actually answered me :)
Had an amazing experience at :) Bittersweet it's over!
Wish I was on Foxwoods still & not home
It's been quite the blustery off again/on again rainy day!
D'oh! I forgot to hashtag! Now no one will see it "Awww Man!" haha! :)
my brother uses that one all the time.
Nothing could look less genuinely interesting to me than Diablo 3. It's a gamer's game, isn't it? Blegh.
Are you or someone you love at risk of suicide? Pls call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1 800 273 TALK. We love you!
Captain Petey steering the ship though the fog of post-labor day. Candles, Beer, WIne, .35 cent wings & the Brewers. UmUm good
Sounds like you need to find a different teacher - someone encouraging. :-)
Try adding plyometric drills to your strength training routine to give your body a shock between sets.
Right there with you!
So happy to be waiting for someone to let me in my house. The waiting is the hardest part. Just shoot me already.
I'm good ! just got home from workin @ Lima night club! how was ur 4th?
Put me in the studio as ur singer while u rap and i bet we make a hit # im just that good <3
Today's BTU inspiration: "We can live without meditation. We cannot live without human affection." ~Dalai Lama
's twitter avi >
It made Samantha grimace when she felt it!
Home game against Portland not until oct. 7
Selenators Love Jazzy
Picked up some yoga too. SUPER SORE!
Ah, much like food, drink, life, love and sex. ;)
Helping independent publishers market and produce books
Is the argument against hosting academic (e.g. class) blogs internally still hold water? Is a class blog on an open WordPress a bad idea?
Is Angry Birds educational for children because it teaches physics?
POSTPONED: Rock to Rebuild #Haiti benefit moved to March b/c of weather. Stay tuned or check our website for more info: baltimoreacts.org
Looks like there will be scattered rain at lunch, not a washout. RT : Will it be rainy at Lunch?
#ToddlersAndTiaras must be pulled off #TV. This show is everything that's wrong with #society. I'm calling
Welcome back Jenny! It was great to see you in Solea Por Buleria today!
Yes, please do keep us posted! :)
is there such a thing as a prescription dildo?
I'm glad I could finally comply, took long enough didn't it? Haha law school does that I think.
I hate school. -.-
Near Charleston SC for the weekend? now open;has interactive touchscreen in sales office illustrating the community, floorplans!
Sure im available!RT : Need referral for a female photographer in Sacramento who can do biz Headshot THIS week
that's hilarious. "Feel bad everyday," sung by Nate Dogg.
bad luck losing on same day Northwestern wins, eh?
At , preparing to hear present on networks of modernist writing and world government.
This welcome back athletic celebration is so fun
I can't even imagine how exciting living in London must be!
:) #happiness. nice to have met you at #PowWow11. Will you be at next years?
#AskBrody are all your bower rangers invited to your graduation party? And do we all get a senior picture? :D
I'd make it just to see that no one else does... But I probably won't use it.
Missing Persons - Tears
No contest! hands down!!!
It felt great to know that when you texted me first.. I crossed your mind. Even if it was just for a second.
Really though?? Look where you are then look where they are ? I could understand if you said that about Lil B but not them.
naps are essential!
My 54 year old neighbor cooks steak-ums to the point that the hallway is smokey and smelly
What's the difference between Cinco De Mayo and St Patrick's Day? .....everyone wishes they were Irish on St Patrick's Day!
Thankful for both of my critiques being later in the day so I can get the work for them done now... ha.
awww hope u feel better soon :(
Note to self: Remove keys from purse BEFORE walking to the car in the rain.
Love your Blog have you ever thought about adding 90 day challenges to it?
never sell yourself short because of things you've been through;U could be playing key role in someone's life as U inspire them w/your story
Serena, Isner shine on clay as 'Nadal season' begins The clay-court season began last week and the result was big wins for Serena William
you too thank you!
had an all over the head pressure headache for like 5 days neuro said drink caffeine gave me vicod
The first.
as i can c in ur pics would love to so bad
... we're worried that sensitive browser data might be cached remotely, like caches, cookies, passwords, etc.
Thanks, Sol!
No Oscars for you?!?
just bombed a french quiz...
With no dog to slobber all over home ain't the same
Tell all your moms I said happy day tomorrow.
Looking forward to staff retreat today
I love girl scout cookies but I already got hit up several times at work and will have some serious dates with the gym now;)
I have to admit, today was a good day. :)
Aladdin's Castle! MT “: We had arcades and if you were good at a game you could play all day for a quarter... #talkwithmykids”
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. ~ John Barrymore
I use more gas trying to find a parking spot at Mizzou, than I do actually driving to campus
: Hmm. Hello, are you aspiring or professional?
hey u i need to talk with u >:I
"Hold on to that game ball..." *chunks ball into the Lakers crowd seconds later*
"Grimm" has taught me that all my town's criminals are anthropomorphic snakes, beavers, rats and canines.
i love hearing #ADELE sing "never mind i'll find someone like you"
the cab driver is telling me how i should instruct cab drivers to get to my house, really?
So excited to be headed to Houston for 3 days #ha!!!!!!
On my way to the boot
Thanks! Though I'm guessing the release is going to open up a lot of dead ends for me and I'll end up subscribing anyway.
B-day is so close yaya
#Cavaliers take Kyrie Irving (Duke) for the 1st pick of the 2011 Draft.
Don't miss ur last chance to come to Love Life Rehab Sunday!
Having rough morning. Spilling coffee computer not working, got lost... Workshp "Finding the Right Balance" very good though.
I don't even know what "the avengers" is. No that doesn't make me cool, but if you're offended by that it could mean you're not cool.
And this is not new. Bloomberg has done it.
Last week of my Bus 330 class. Yay!!!!!
Looks like we made it. We're now at 404 followers and counting. Auction tonight is going to be barn burner with 412 items available to bid
bro beans...is the gayest term i've ever heard
Love it! #GoDucks kickin' #Stanford butt
Great site!!
They're following kids who are wandering around downtown and trying to make them go west. Listening on scanner.
Holy hotness! Kevin Costner circa 1987 in "No Way Out." #NowPlaying on HBOSG
Thank you for the RT of a stellar story.
The #libjobhunt webinar files are loaded, and we're starting in 15 minutes.
VCs Muscle Back Into Startup Funding - Some Call It a Bubble
So far Bruno Mars delivered the most impressive performance. Adele doesn't suck either.
my mom told me to take my dog in the back and i had no will to get up then my dad was out there and we didnt even look at eachother
Are you that intimidated? RT : I hope the Spurs building collapses and they have to forfeit
Loving the Gideon Sundback Google Doodle...reminds me of the Rolling Stones album cover for "Sticky Fingers".
IF U SAW IT....WOULD YOU GRAB IT ?????? success
the miserable, commie, may he rest in peace...
OH: This is Portland. the answer is "yes".
thats how I'm gunna start my next date, I'll let you know how that goes #wishmeluck!
If ur not too busy on this good day go out and pick #MONEYTRAIN From any DTLR AL ABROAD
Lol oh wow
Green bay just settled with school board. Health benefits preserved, but most other contact terms suspended
Oh yeah, when my uncle Magdi (Ahmed) lived briefly in the states with Mohammed (Kokie), his classmates called him Cookie.
another delay. #typical. I've started planning my flights around a guaranteed delay.
. is one great trainer. PA staffers have a new adobe crush...
: you only love me for my flashing toothbrush ha
MO didn't want Oprah helping her with her obesity program because she didn't want a fat woman waddling around the WH with her.Nowthat'sfunny
Fabulous Design Tip: The color red creates a feeling of warmth and energy in your home.
listening to some FreqNasty to start the morning... well, electronic music in general. Dang, I should be a DJ. hahaha
indeed.. feel free to browse www.peoplewithcriminalrecords.com and share ideas
Off to church :D praise God!
On The Road I Can Think If 10000 Things I'd Rather Be Doing Then This.
It's thunderstorming, I'm listening to Billy Joel, reading poetry by Bob Dylan and drinking tea. This moment can stay, I won't be mad.
glad to see you back in NOLA!
thank you so much for watching my rap!!
Evidence of an unknown Mayan society is eplored tonight on "Quest for the Lost Maya". On MPTV 10 at 9PM.
Brazil just couldnt muster anything against the swarming Scotland defense. dominates in a 33-5 win.
#show per check out the miami interview on the Pacific Records of Saint Kitt is where this venture is
We always take you with us!!! Keep adding to the certificate pool!! Big fans!!
No, I just made the one error! :-)
V necks
Yes! How does wednesday work for you two?
Come and get it Hyde Park!! Mama is parked at 57th and Ellis in front of The Reg!
Just came in from a jaunt out to the park. I was fine, just my thighs were cold. Everyone else was complaining!
RT : RT : Thurow " To reduce food aid programs we need Feed The Future to eliminate NEED for food aid.
Hella wishin for strawberry French toast!
It's not the same!</3 :'c
Chilling full off that alfredo!
Tomorrow I'm devising w 13-20 yr olds on the topic of sex, gender& privlidge.Remit: Heath&access. These NYC youth are fierce!
Drake concert tonight at UM.. Who's going?
i felt like this was 100% directed towards me, being a SxE jew haha
Come on Bulls take a lead!
what a difference a few hundred miles makes! It's hailing and so cold in Seattle...so much for Spring in the NW! ;)
God will keep you in perfect peace when your mind is on the lord. (Isaiah 26:3)
#ItsAwkwardWhen you're the most powerful wizard in the world & a one year old baby beats you. Yes, you, Voldemort.
Make the necessary changes to improve your life. Hint: health & family first.
Ohh... Sorry I'm a little out of it today.... And your welcome!! :)
did Matt have a twitcam today???
You're welcome! :)
Sorry, correction, still breaking the top 20, Anne finished in 16th.
#nf follow him he follows back
Best day ever, I bet sleeps good tonight,
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours.
I just want someone to save me when I fall.
U Have Too Make Ur Dreams Reality ♥
Are you going to be wearing pink at the event? Keep your eye out for Mike, CRAVE's Marketing Manager in his beautiful pink tie!
" Zonka ya dead man?". "Going somewhere meat? Yeah about 90 feet!"
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities! LetEmPlay.us
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger
Thanks and best wishes for a great weekend!
Hey Santa, how much for your list of naughty girls?
how fun! Can't wait to watch!
« Bulls are better w/o Rose, than the Knicks fully healthy»
Me:*points to a pic of me and *we look soo happy! Alyssa:and in in the background all pregnant and stuff.
I think the raccoon one might be my fave
I read the obessed article and It was a great truth so some sisters and safe some money.
Reading EAGLE MINDS: Rochberg-Anhalt letters;2 versions of modernity meet in the middle; spoke to Gene Roch. @ 93! A marvel to us all!
Up In Da A.m Getting Ready Fa Skool.,! Ugh Ion Even Want 2 Go
aight tell me when u do and ill get mine
mostly for office Christmas parties
bahaha. Oh I get it.
For all our Bostonian friends: Happy 100th birthday redline. Celebrate properly mbta.
Today's gift card winner is SARAH JORDAN. Congratulations!
is the festival still happening tomarrow?
"Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein
RT : What solutions are you using for multi site production team intercom? I'm looking for some options.
#nsta12 two good sessions so far, drilling through to the common core and computational thinking from google
Why are you awake? You miss me?
#roxas is cool. he's just my type x)
I hear you!
you have to make a featuring with justin bieber
I love it when people accidentally find my blog searching for "vdub$ thing deutschland." Happens more than you'd think.
Choose your own adventure sex book. I need to write this.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Keep an eye out for for us on your campus as we hand out free magnets and carabiners with our fliers!
but you've been singing this all week . . ..WHY
My early to bed dealies must STOP ... here I am up at 2.49 AM ... OY!
"Democrats do much of their shopping at Target and Wal-Mart. So do Republicans, but they don't admit it."
Judge sets bail at $150K for George Zimmerman, who is charged in Trayvon Martin's death. Zimmerman apologizes to family for loss of son
Don't make permanent decisions based off of temporary emotions.
Why did Obama have to announce how proud he is that he & Michelle have the same-sex every night during their marriage?
Thanks for the shout out Loren.
yes, or walk really, really fast :-)
we'll only marry you if we can turn it into a big polygamous fest between the 5 of us and
All We Ever Wanted Was Everything
lmao she was apparently bombed
RT : Baker Technical service partner in Startup Spotlight! 22-year-old entrepreneur kickstarts ServedBy the Net:...
Omg your hair. It's super duper curly. I like it!<3 (:
text me Evelyn ;) that's the only thing I miss about Bbm!
gotta love SNL in those days.
Mi friend got lotion that smell like Kool-Aid
anyways how are you??
Anyone else find the re-caps, outro/intro + the "deals" on #Obscura pointless? You could watch an episode in 10min w/o the nonsense.
That was one of 'the' best videos i've ever seen, no joke.
I really hope Facebook don't become like MySpace
Today University Hospital will also present the DAISY Award for Nursing. Stay tuned for our announcement of the winner!
next week we will trend!
Persistence in one way is not a guarantee of victory. But, persistence blended with experimentation does guarantee
“Always be kind, for everybody is fighting a hard battle.” – Plato
Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings. -C. D. Jackson
Just getting to it now. This week's #TheGoodWife proves 's argument about the show brilliantly.
The second day of Children of Inmates Symposium starting. Speakers: FL's secretaries of DOC and DCF.
one day he will follow you.. and hopefully me.. We just gotta be patience.. which is so hard.
I wish some certain bitch would go back to middle school because clearly she has the maturity of a 6th grader..
if you love me you'll feed me a burrito!
It's so cold in my bedroom!
thank you <3 :)
U know I just now relized who you are lol.
long/soft/slow kisses >
Don't watch THE HUNGER GAMES with me, because I'll just be constantly comparing it to BATTLE ROYALE - which I'm sure is better.
Stat: 50% of Biz pros were "Greatly dissatisfied" with Blackberry outage. 50% were "Extremely thankful" to be untethered for a day.
Wen it all falls down its gone always be blood over water
BRUINS WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?!?!?!
You fall asleep during foreplay.
RT : Ugh! Anyone with experience troubleshooting podcast download issues in China? Need a network engineer to look at
Such a great night! So many great memories and private jokes made! Oh and hot box pizza was pretty awesome too!
Tomorrow night Cardinals vs. Steelers at 5:00pm. Enjoy Happy Hour while watching the game. Draft beers $1.00 off, Well drinks $1.00 off.
Up early for work,...
YAY I Finally got 's new album #RomanReloaded Deluxe Edition. I Love And Can't Stop Listening To It. #ILOVENICKIMINAJ :D
#Imagine You lay in Niall's arms on the couch and you keep poking his cheek. Niall:''Babe, stop it.'' He says while he's laughing.
Congrats to Robert Richardson ASC, who received the award for the best #cinematography for 'Hugo'. Back light is not dead!
Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at the Polish Cadet's Hall. Collegiate Shag lesson by Sam and Sylbie with DJ Sam!
RT : Great event please let's not let this be the last!! Young, entrepreneurs and professionals need this!
sounds lovely! :)
The #Boston #Job market right now is filled with great opportunities. Please reach out before I make my choice. via
Thank you for sharing Sergio Bukini's photo, cheers!
haha nvm clicked the wrong tweet my bad!
The Google Glasses will work nowhere near as well as the video shows.
They say "look I'm green." IMO one of the big reasons for the success of the strange looking Prius. They don't all have the sticker
it was good seein you too girl, thank you once again & glad all is well!
To buy or not to buy? Son's Purim costume *could* involve an accessory I can't even bring myself to name. (gun, cough.) Arg.
Like this status to wish the snow away for the opening of our season (May 1)!
can't wait to hear Tony's be cd
ok. I like cock.
Thank you!
Lala neighbors staring at me while I jog
Well, keep me posted if you find anything like that!
don't ever fucking settle for someone who makes you feel worse when you're down.
watched the assistant for the hundredth time, never gets old. Ace monster
Rise and shine. Time to run around then get ready for my hit this afternoon. It never stops but I Love music.
I love the way yuh lie
My prayers are with Chicago Police Officer Hester Scott's family who was murdered allegedly by her 15 year old grandson.
fantastic! Please email hi-res shots to weddings at staff dot onmilwaukee dot com. Thanks!
For sure!
Discount poker stuff!! Visit www.eproducts4less.biz
On a mission it requires hardwork and dedication and I can't forget the haters for motivation turning doubters into believers believe that
GUIESE! The First Sign of Rape is Touching The Shoulder ... Ya'll Saw How Mario Was Grabbing Nick? Lmfao.
Sorry I've been hacked again!!!
so glad these JVC earbuds have bass..
creativity that I could never imagine.... ;)
One on my truck and one on my laptop. I'll find a random home for the others. I'll send pics! :)
No One Can Do You The Way That I Do. Boy I Want YOU :) . -Rihanna
YES -.- My phone is so tiny and so are the letters. Then, autocorrect makes me look like a perve ,and FML </3
1st We're counting on a lot of people seeing both shows which means Cobb's should wrap up in a timely manner.
This Asian chick just punched this bitch on the throat to plug her laptop into and outlet! Bahahaha
hm S'hani asking me for fashion advise hahaha normally it's the other way around!!
thank you:)
followed! thanx for the follow
Just scared my bro with my lobster tail at red lobster and he spilled his drink all over my mom & the seat. Priceless. Me & kali were dying!
sounds good to me just tell big chris to watch those runs.
Celebrate October with a fright and order our Halloween special, the BOO!! Blast! Made with homemade whipped cream! m, don't miss out!
I can't sleep for shit.
hey babes everyone is invited to my party tonight so are ya gonna COME????
Rocking out to a little Beastie Boys now in honor of Adam Yauch, and thinking fondly of good times had at Seacamp.
Our new #vegan entree is named the Summer Sun Fu! God I love Thursdays! Lmao
Children pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforc... - The American Independent
LOVE reading all the UK haters saying a Calipari win will get vacated. Funny, don't see many of you ready to vacate Calhoun's.
Movie recommendation is Jeremy Sisto in "Wrong Turn"
It is very loud in my office. Hubby playing music and drumming along on P's kit. P is screaming over it to get his attention. Help. Me.
He soo cold hearted.
Donald driver is a family man..... No way Jose!
You too! I'll send you info on my new company. And def hit me up if you're up in NY
WELCOME HOME
Random Quiz Question!!! What are the names we give the boys that set us apart from the direcrionators?:) like the nicknames! GO!
Getting my second hole today... Mall with the cuties later😘
Is it worth staying in every thursday and setting aside $50 each time?.. and that's just for the taxi
a bunch of nobody's
Hola! Is it cold in tha "D" yet
Guess who just got a job offer?....THIS GUY,!!!!!
Attending the Policy Inst release of Connecting the Dots: Linking Broadband Adoption to Job Creation & Competitiveness.
Ms. Ava received her Social Security Card today.
I fucking hate this
Dear Yankees fans: No1, and I mean NO ONE!, will give a damn about Rivera being done!
I'd like to learn more. Can we chat? --Casey
Ive figured. Is it historically accurate to see plenty of black people working in a high profiled business in the 60s? Hardly
What purpose do mosquitoes serve in our ecosystem other than being assholes?
Kickstarter is up and running! OINK!!
DONE! RT : It's a beautiful #SanDiego day. Take a hall pass from the office & have lunch in the
they wont get out the first round
": ight thats whats up what kinda music u rocking"hip-hop,rap,r&b,pop
2 possession game for
UNLOCK YOUR TWEETS! You make me embarrassed to be ur friend
The present is the result of the past. I don't think you get that.
Hi, thanks for link to Richard Thornton. Plz follow us and take a look at what we are doing for homeless Veterans in Georgia!
Thank you! RT Congratulations to and the team for the enormity of their success
It does when the emcee doesn't shout on record, especially when it's a bunch of guys shouting over each other.
lol it's all good u know me too well. Rather be hanging out with my kitty than wasting my time with some borderline dude haha
Thought to ponder: How many of us work to make a better living but forget to work towards a better Life? Coach Terry
Stop being cute. Ugh. With your beautiful eyes and adorable smile...
RT : my city doesn't even have the single smh. Star Camp doesn't love us enough :'( <~ WHAT CITY AND STATION?
RT : Did you kids have fun at the #BaconTweetup last night ?!?! I had to miss it! :(
People have been asking when the policeman's ball is scheduled. They must be thinking about the fire deparment. Policeman don't have balls.
Anytime. I'm always here.
Viewer alert: SyFy will air a Grimm marathon tonight, starting at 7pm.
They're all hideous people. Just vapid whorish fame-monkeys
I know you!!
We are excited to be hosting an event for Houston Young Life tonight at the Park!! Hope you enjoy our Go-Karts :)
I'M SO EXCITED #BOFRIENDVIDEO :D
Too much?
Happy to be Rep. 300th follower just now
My belief is once ZG leaves, our window has closed. How else do you suggest we improve the minors?
One of the 23 flavors of Dr.Pepper is carrot...
Hey there its going great
Wow. Beastie Boys were one of my 3 favorite music acts ever. MCA is dead?? That is a HUGE blow to music. Even their last album was great.
Thanks all...good session as usual.
Thanks! She wouldn't let me watch her tuck it into the nest. Played statue until I turned away.
Nothing quite like the gift of time... I will enjoy it this morning.
putting a puck through a mouse hole isn't anything like FT and 1/2 court shot... It's an insult to fans! Goal from every dot??
damn, high pressure
What an awesome product! This thing is so simple and clean!
I'd like to stay involved with are there more meet ups? how can I stay involved?
Thanks, William. Hello to Leila for me!
Thank you
PCB bound next week!
Realizing the two cute girls that work at Starbucks remember your name
In the last hour, the guys are taking a serious run at turning the markets positive. They have some traction. Can they do it in 30 more min?
NLD is a community that connects scientists and volunteers with teachers to bring hands on learning to students www.nationallabday.org
YOU SOLD CLOTHING FOR JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE!??!?!?
This Neighborhood Is So Freaking Quiet
Nexflix, or video games ??!? Why can't I ever make up my mind :o
Well, I was up early to buy tickets to see and of course I can't get them.
It just dawned on me that I've been watching hockey for 18 years, wow
Nasty looking acoustic ceilings ? Call Mr.D's Painting 619-562-5848 We'll remove the old and texture with a new modern finish.
They were giving out 3 Floyds Zombie Dust at the panel. Yeah. They win panel of the day.
brother...Remember...racial/not, Zimmerman ignored directive of dispatcher, who also shld b liable 4 not issuing order
Remodel or repair estimate needed? Give us a call for your free construction estimate. Chris 379-2763 or Jose 220-6369
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas
And anyway I don't think pioneering necessarily means "first." MP3tunes was 5 years ahead of Google and Amazon.
"Hey why u messing with my tasty cakes?" Lol
Follow VotingContest to learn about upcoming Elettro Interactive Contests & Sweepstakes. Follow contest announcements.
Heat's Bosh leaves Game 1 with groin injury
Follow the cousin of our own and : -- founder of Teens in Tech Labs and terrifyingly young genius.
That Rihanna rein just won't let up! #RihannaNavy for life!
I'm a lucky man indeed... Hope enjoying this beautiful day!
yeah and we all watched him grow up here and to just have him leave it hurts....
LOL.WELL MY OPINION IS MOST IMPORTANT.
Walker has gone above and beyond to harm #WI natural resources. If you're a #conservationvoter SIGN a #recallwalker petition today!
College basketball is finally here and the cats are playing tonight
Address me as Boss Bitch tramp
hi hi
My last tweet are things
Our hopes of getting him to notcie or follow us is going down really really quickly and it is not even funny :( :(
Hello again, Twitter! I'm officially back at work. Anyone have online access to Phil. Trans. R. Soc. A 368/1926 (2010)? Need article frm it.
A vision keeps the Wealthy Soul focused on the path and not on the boulders. Michael Norwood
if the #Saints finish w/ the worst record in the #NFL this yr, will they get the #1 pick in the 2013 draft?
OK - never spent much time at the U - is the transitway obvious/easy to spot?
cam just went to dodo in McDonald's lol
I am honored & humble to have been able to speak tonight to kick off Relay For Life. CANCER SUCKS!
GERARDO LACHINO I'm in love with you!! <3 && all my dreams and feelings are for you!! I can't stop imagining that day we would have sex :))
Exxon PROFITS over a BILLION dollars every day and the Republicans are firing teachers - it's plain that the GOP is bought & paid for.
TONIGHT 9 pm go see Lagond Student and her band at in New Haven CT!! 21+ show
Goal for October. Make it the fuck to a haunted house.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Just saw a black midget riding around on a mini bike. Now I've seen everything
well thanks!!! omg omg omg i see you tomorrow :)
Can't wait for new VE music! #stoked #excited #Sierra&Blake <3
last night a young man cooked comfort food for my roommates and I while we sat around listening to music, drinking wine?
#top10Lies I hate you.
Discussing role of communication in project deployment. Every project needs a communication plan.
Southwest Meatloaf with mashed potatoes... ok, so maybe that doesn't go with a heat advisory, but it's our Wednesday gig and DELICIOUS!
I miss those #epic dance parties :( Remember when the bird flew into the car and you screamed :)
damn autocorrect, I meant "your tweets"
alicia sounds nice :)
“: I bet Osama Bin Laden accidentally hit the "Add your location" button during his last tweet...” lol
the #SAG TVLand agreement won't effect #AFTRA residuals nor the current AFTRA productions for them (per hollywood reporter)
Happy Monday...woo!
This show has awesome outer space stuff AND volcanoes. I love volcanoes.
if you don't RT it isn't RT.
“: After being a customer for 22 years state farm had a glitch in their system and dropped me w/o any notice.
Happy #AprilFoolsDay! I surprised w/ a couples #massage to celebrate a week of relaxation before her new job!
end of may. Might end up being a 5k but aiming for 10. Running it with friends which is a plus.
skyrim hands down game of the year
$BAC is just open on the high and creeping in to people lives. I brought 40 shares of $BAC.
Wow #whodat nation must be going nuts. What a game!!
Just finished an amazing cold reading workshop with Instructor Tim Craig from the Edgemar Center for the Arts. Booyah!
That's very sweet of you to take a moment to encourage! Thank you.
I fear I'll die from complications, complications due to things that I've left undone.
Not everyone is going to like what you are up to. Let it sting. And move on.
I think the second one was around only for the last season, maybe not even the entire season.
. Give Me A Mention Nd A Shoutout .
More videos and pics coming soon!!
Fantastic brunch today at mojitos with tom mcdermott. Chef sunny is creative and food is fresh and yummy. Oh and rum!
Ate fish on the bone at las brasas on four mile run. South arlington, yo.
Its nice to see that no matter what happens, that it all will be ok
Seriously? A baby squirrel? Lisa Higgins says, "It's the Cardinal's rally squirrel!"
right?! How is their library not national news?
How was your weekend, Milwaukee? :)
I'll win this race one day
There may be changes to our June 8th show....stay tuned for details!
Tomorrow is also the walk in Carmel at the Monon Center (1:00pm)! Fingers crossed for good weather!
has located a wonderful parcel of land on Eighth Avenue, between 34th Street and 42nd Street.
All performances of and are cancelled for this weekend because of hurricane conditions.
I am out of floss. This is bad news for a compulsive flosser. Cvs run stat!
what?! Are you there?
Good morning world!!!
A stroller that opens and closes on it's own with the push of a button? did it!
Where do you live at in Ohio?
Happy Birthday!! ;)
still looking for the personal ad who is searching for short, pale and ugly
I hate it when my phone corrects me. I know what the fuck I spelled!
Apparently the twitter api now detects drunk or insulting tweets and errors out on me.
For those of you who always think that someone is out to get them. Relax, you're really NOT that important.
the things that come out of YOUR mouth. #cecproblems hahahahaha I saw this tweet & just started laughing
Great workshop today on describing moving images. Thanks !
Holy shit.. Prom is tomorrow! Still hasn't hit me.
that camera thing is my charger! did you bring it by chance?
Fairfield Inn Syosset NY Achieving Increases in Guest Satisfaction and Energy Savings with INNCOM
Do guys apologize when they get better tickets from a friend than the other friend who offered first?
Three way tie? This is a fantastic ending to the #wellsfargo tourney! Come on Rory or Ricky!
Except ye become as little children, ye will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. - Matthew 18:3
RT : West Coast! Tune in now to for the premiere of #MaryMary 's new show!
Everything in the last few days has taken twice as long as it should.
Didn't realize tyshaun taylor is 0-20 on threes in the tourney. Think he's due
ex junkie
Thank you! Means much RT : your movie will do great! I know you have a special one on your hands!
SO BLACK THUNDER WENT TO DEJA VU AND SLAVED EVERY GIRL FROM THE DALLAS COWBOYS CHEERLEADING SQUAD!! IT FELT SO GOOD!
thanks man. I appreciate you opening your doors. Great meeting you. Stay in touch.
Helped a student, got a hug. Looks like it's going to be a good day.
I've never been so happy that copy and paste functions exist.
it's outpatient if you don't show up in the ER in severe pain, I guess. They did a followup thing Fri to ditch 5 remaining stones.
absolutely. I will discuss the fed as much as possible on this page as well as something I am getting involved with.
Excited about whats happening with Tropicana Eatery. Come to the Marlow Heights location and get the new Jerk Fish Sandwich!!
aw thats so cute! Ur so lucky I got to meet the boyz!!!
I miss listening to music with you. <3
In #emac we have "at bat," "on deck," and "on the holodeck."
awe, ya! I love hugs! :D *Hugs Back!!*
Israel - Light onto Nations: Israeli rower wins gold in rowing – takes ...
it's funny how people hate on you but then you pitch a shutout and make it look easy
Cover of the #SXSW mixtape hosted by & is in & looking good! We'll drop it tonight!
.hope so.
can u RT this? thanks love! and hey btw search syd smith shes my friend and she's incredibly talented!!! itd mean a ton if u did
Is this a jealousy thing? Likkkkeeee. I don't understand.
o.o
It is already hot outside. I think I will stay inside.
Went to a show alone with a jar of olives
Apparently everyone wants shelfreading_augmented reality app
Ranchers and farmers and family business owners could make much better decisions regarding the future than the government can.
": You may not have it ALL but having a friend or some family is a hell of a start. #Goforward!!"
": melodies from Heaven , rain down on me !"
you do not need to call ahead at Ohare
I got work
I hope so, we have had enough rain.
those are some good ones. Um… I would have to saw either project man dime or when nitro circus came to the factory.
Lol yes, you're my pal 😉 and oh well. Time will come young one 😝
Just wish I could see him...
Watching TVone reminded me that I have twitter..
Don't let anyone stop you from achieving your goals. Anyone who tries to hold you back from better yourself doesn't belong in your life.
thanks man !!
"say something.." "something"
Took me 2 days to finish my HOA marathon due to wifi
That good ol' feeling when you know you've done something wrong and the agonizing hours of trying to figure out why.
thats just a picture of losing
ugh. Did the therapist not
Oi! Picasso! Don't draw it all wonky!
On the way down Broadway, I see small shops boarding up their windows in preparation. This is not right.
Shout out to yall who followed back!
Today a walk during my break to get some energy.
Always thankful for the hard work of Soccercbg.
SEO NEWS: Moz's $18 Million Venture Financing: Our Story, Metrics and Future
OMG yes. Might have to do an extra round of the building when I get back home.
Happy Birthday, Chuck ... We like "Bleak House" and "The Pickwick Papers" best of all.
YouTube the kid juliusvevo
Bumgarner gets out of a jam. Brewers leave 2 on base.
Is this real? How'd they not realize this was going to happen this time?
