Honey bunches of Oates make me happy! :)
And 15% of social media-using teens say they have been the target of online meanness.
definitely gonna see you next time!
bullets for haters
Oh Butterfingers My Butterfingers.
Thanks! Batman Black Glove looks interesting.
Looks like I could combine both predictions now that Germany crushed Argentina and the Soccer Dream Team in Netherlands should cruise by.
One day, just you and I shall gallop in an open field, with nothing in our way, except the wind blowing in our manes and tails
thank you!!! I want to go this year.
Surely I'm late to the party on this, but did the Marlins come up short on a "...the losing ball club has to wear THIS" wager?
I never liked the Beastie Boys' songs, but their influence on music is so significant. RIP Adam Yauch...an extraordinary talent.
I guess its a Netflix movie and pizza night!!
sorry only just seen this, shoulder length or longer, love it if you could come in
I wish my bad chick named Cinnamin didn't have a boyfriend. 😞😓😒😏😌😁 I'll just find that spot a replacement!
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountian to relize what your reaching for
I told you Kentucky is about that basketball
Do you use reddit?
#IReallyHateWhenPeople judge #Chadevans2. An innocent man sits in prison & NH doesn't seem to mind, what #injustice!! #RE-TRIAL!!
bored as fuck
THANKS 4 FOLLOWING ME!!
Do the right thing spikes!!!!
You know what's jumped the shark? The phrase "jumped the shark." Benchmark: my dad said it.
Thanks for the retweet!
it was our pleasure.....luv ya girl...u know u VIP up at our shop!!!!!
please i have victorious on repeat right now
i have chem right now!!
Will be heads down in PVD working on exciting things. <3 ATX (home for past 3 years). Grab a bite Have fun!
Evernote has been pretty great for helping me stay organized. Check it out if you haven't seen it already.
Assembly dems just exited to applause out, they're gonna need a bigger bus
Oh ya, there's more... (h/t) RT : Don't forget your maiden trip to Coors Field!
While offensive the "Eh, not good enough" line was hilarious.
Ryan Tannehill= bust. What a reach by Miami.
No worse than "chillin'."
what u need 2 do is stop making a mess because without a mess there wouldnt be anything 2 clean up, how messy is that room?
Same to you.... Peace and Love....
Thank you so much!
HAVE SHE LEFT ST. LUCIA YET. LOL
Who are you following?? Are you sure it's Jesus? Find out tomorrow as we kick off our new series #follow!
My legs are so soar.
Shopping :D
chanced upon #tuskegee today on itunes & just had to download your duet with Kenny Rogers. Sublime rendition of "Lady".
I will have to ask Fanny for her approval.
hi the link you provided is not working??
Spotify just told me to send some music to John Luther Adams, whilst I was LISTENING to John Luther Adams.
no those who are young and wanna show chachi theyre worthy need a shot like me ABDC is the only way to go
You walk silly. You talk silly. You make me sick. I'm. Not. Leavin.. Till. You're. Leavin.
really enjoyed Double Jump! I'd love to see more shows like this in the future! :-)
#ikids #app challenge panel mostly rejects trying to use as many device features as possible; consider all, consider fun, don't be bound
I HATE thinking bout you.
Andy Reid says McNabb will start Sunday vs. TB
both? both for science and because you're hot?
Any males over or close to the age of 45 that want to play soccer tonight at Brookfield indoor soccer park? Our team is short tonight and …
Well hello there!
A little creeped out that Tweeted Times just tweeted as me. :-/
PAUL RYAN'S PLAN sounds like they have water down the CHEMO and RADIATION. There is NO PLAN to EXTEND your LIFE if this is your only option.
#HappyHungerGames!!! 😍 & Katie Bennett. Get ready!
what have you been up to?
Introductions..."What do you do for a living?" VS "What do you like to do?" Think about which way you approach it.
....you should come see the workshop in March!!! It'll be fun! :)
Stickam chat was a success! Thanks guys for comin and talkin to us!
What a great photo! Frame it!
oh, so cute! What's his or her name?
Which B-Boy movie was it? Inside the circle or Planet B-Boy?
only in the metaphorical sense.
you want to live on Staten Island?
Sleeping in >
similar to how we always see saints, not saint, in the Bible #mkBiblechat This is the value of assembly
I'm too young to be this poor
Coffee at 9:30pm was not a good idea...
Today in Literary History: On March 7, 1945 American author Elizabeth Moon (known for THE SPEED OF DARK) was born in Texas.
I am beyond fatigue...
I feel like a cant write what I want 2 on fb or here!Is no place sacred 4 my innermost thoughts? I guess thats why they are called INNERMOST
how are you ?
So, got nothing to do this week? Trying to plan out something fun? Check out our events page to see what we have going on!
one more semester, I can't believe how fast it's going by.
Tip of the day: Don't look like you smell bad. Refer to: Lindsay Lohan in "I Know Who Killed Me."
Happy Easter everybody
Follow me? :)
long as way to go bro
I'll Have Another baby!!!
Santorum's victory can also be attributed to not being a front runner & no one was running attack ads targeting him.
you correct me when im lookin wrong
#GiveObamaCreditfor...Obama ’s Facial Expression Liberal New York Times Simply Does Not Care For Obama ’s Facial Expression
Just here
I'm just the messenger! why do you think he's wrong? i appreciate the feedback & thanks for following #ipb2012!
Thanks to all of you that came out this past Saturday, our Customer Appreciation Day. We really do appreciate you! TheBlindManNM.com
Happy Easter and the Lord has risen indeed!
Anybody remember the lady that worked in the Strawbridges in the Gallery with the real high eyebrows?
Meeting with my new mentor! Thanks WIF!
I fucked wit nickis first album but ain't heard nothin from the new one dat peeks my interest
Thinking about revisiting the idea of opening a storefront. What do you guys think?? Is there enough demand for #cakepops in #DC?
RT : MVP candidate Robinson Cano gives the Yankees a 1-0 lead with a solo shot off Hellickson.
What are your thoughts on the #Chromebook --does anyone's school use them? Resources, blogs, etc.- thx!
A good thing to be! :)
OMG 399 followers. Really? C'mon! Such a tease that is!
OH MY SWIFT!
Sizzling like Bacon grease over here #goodday to u all..stay #motivated 10 more days
“: quinn is dumber than a box of rocks #scandal” <<<pop rocks
Thursday night tv thought: Ian Somerhalder and Rob Lowe look really similar.
Hi there lady!! I hope you aren't melting in the oven that is Chicago! <3
Congrats to nick goepper for winning the stop and congratulations to Tom wallisch for winning dew cup!!!
"GOOD MORNING"
In Barton's defense that looked low
Lookin at #lakeshow presser and coach brown is at the mic, y im jus noticin that he is fione!
bro that will be sweet!
luv you, keep those bags coming. i have several including the totes and rollers. i absolutely love IMAN Global Chic.
im ready to go dom..like this place is just dry
Some days just seem to require shoe shopping.
Last day of freshman year. Been a good year 3 more left
Im not dead yet sorry! I promised a blog posting, and I havent gotten around to it yet. I promise this week tweeps.
I'm gonna go practice my kicks
Drunk people yelling at me through car windows are hilarious.
Just kidding. I'll always root for the Tigers in your honor...as long as they aren't playing Oregon.
Oh you didn't think you'd wind up in triage? Better start dying for real then.
Trapped in a mine
Hopefully I'll make it to Bellefont sometime in the next year; I'm always looking to read more about Thai stamps.
I need that on a t-shirt :)
lol that sounds fun. where did you go?
Pretty bummed about this whole NBC takeover of Versus. What once was a great hockey channel is now playing the movie "Tin Cup" all day long
Worked ten hours n then came to help a friend move to then get accused of stealing wtf r u kidding me.. I'm out
Part of the responsibility of using big words is using them properly.
No Taxis in the country drive like New York City taxis.
My first ever attempt at baking home-made cookies was a resounding success.
omg it looks like a baby lion
So exciting! Can't wait to get Baby Callen and Baby Mullen together next Summer!
it's not in the current plan, but who knows!?
Good lord! The wheelchair contains a person. Ugh.
there no reason! :b
Holy huge accident on 90/94
- You are kindly welcome and I enjoy your posts!
Stand up desk era begins!
Season 2: Flavor of Love. The girl dropped a deuce on the stairs. Wherever you're from, that's good TV right there.
Hey, thanks, it was, and is. Lots of great stuff happening here.
Studying for the APUSH exam like it ain't no joke...
#np Jeff Redd "You Called & Told Me" - still my jam after all these years!
seriously? Hadnt heard of it, is it on the beta site?
. Ruth Stone, RIP. "Her mother read Tennyson aloud while nursing her."
don't you wish you were jessie's girl
The year I don't gamble in the playoffs is when I get the last 6 games right!!! #nfl win the Super Bowl btw
MY TEACHER TOL ME DAT I WAS A PIECE OF SHIT, SEEN HER DA OTHA DAY DRIVIN A PIECE OF SHIT!!
Yeah. But No normal Cookie
Oh thank god, some faith in humanity restored. Not me, but will check around re: Saturday!
Printing out Jaime Mintun's Manifesto
I'm just gonna say it: I don't think #tiger catches Jack.
Licensed to drive! Finally!
Almost hugged broad @ costume world who miraculously found me a corset that fit. Had been feeling like goldilocks & the 1000 corset fails.
Katy Perry to Perform at 2012 MuchMusic Video Awards - Hollywood Reporter
This spring break is getting boring.
it's probably not Rupert
on distorted guitar, on organs and going beast on the drums
Watching channel 4 news the ppl that work there are dressed up for Halloween lol
I plan to. Haven't written them yet.
Watching T.V, The View and the Price Is Right.
Miss you guys too! It's already turned to sleet but peeps are still driving crazy
In honor of #black #April don't forget to wear all black and write #Saigon on your arm, wrist, or hand
not terrible, but you got an iron stomach if you can drink a whole sixer.
Excellence is the character I strive for!
Oh Well.. Everybody Wasnt Made To Care So Fuck It
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
well when i see u i will tell u silly, so hurry up and hang with me
Tired but it's early, oh well, gonna curl up in bed w/ either faulkner or satre (books that is)
"Please stay on the line to take a brief customer service survey to learn how important you are to us." Sure! *CLICK* :P
bad girl
yeah but there time is different from ours!
City let's him pay it in installments! Has to be another way!
Stoned Fortress 2nite
So tomorrow I start a 6 day job dog&catsitting w/six critters. Yay! Love getting paid to be w/my 4-footed friends. They encourage breaks.
RT : RT : Happy Fourth of July! Please wash your hands & use a food thermometer.
Do not applaud me. It is not I who speaks to you, but history which speaks through my mouth. Fustel de Coulanges
RT A positive attitude will lead to positive outcomes.
why you say that?
where on ya body ?im mving bck next week doe bro.
The soon to be released menu list is sure to please the masses!!
I wish that I had more good pictures of myself. is gonna be on make-James-look-good duty on Friday.
I'll txt u here In a min! My phone is charging right now(:
Harry Potter Inspires Blood Typing Device
what's up?
fml don't say that bro! Don't you dare say it!
Shower made me sleepy!.
ur welcome wow that was long ago
These Neutrogena commercial bitches know they don't break out -.-
Zayn got a new tattoo on the day picnik shutting down and the tattoo says 'forever in my heart'. Okay that explained everything.
Have you ever tried to correct a brother or sister in Christ? How did that go?
Lance don't start with me.....
No Matter What !!!! We ain't got no strings attached !!!!
Boarding 14-hour flight to Sydney tonight, what should I read? No plane crash stories, pls...
You gotta love that liberal tolerance and defence of free speech.
After everything the US has been through since 2008, the education industrial complex still says schools should be run like businesses.
The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Improvement Act states you do not void your printer warranty by using remanufactured or refilled cartridges
Billionaire Republican-Independent Mayor Bloomberg New York City Police Dept are at it again with arresting over 700 people in 2days
Wow, Noah is a beast for coming back in the game
Shower curtain?
Did you know that there are only 13 blimps in the world? 9 of them in the US. 3 owned by Goodyear and 1 is shaped like Shamu!
I like the studs but the stud pressure when testing them at the Nike WHQ in Beaverton was a bit much. New colors soon too?
Always count your good days!
KGO Beerfest tix go on sale in less than 2 weeks and a very very good price - stay tuned - this event will sell out!
I want in on this crazy thunder!!
nice ;D
Oops. Need a wireless deal? Got an opened Shure ULXP14 wireless (pro bodypack system) $625? Full warranty. Lemme know.
For great #pizza #specials from MacKenzie River Pizza sent direct to your #mobile phone in #ID, #MT, #IN & #WA, #text MACKRIVER to 90210.
72-degrees today peeps! Deme, Venus and I are walking 3 miles Get out, enjoy the day - AND do something kind today!
So what if u not only like various dog breeds, but have invited them to a lifetime of love, leisure, fun, free eats & health care, etc?
Did anyone just see that block by Murray State??? Wow.
Decisions! Decisions!! Tension?
but you can hang wit your homies!!!! Haha
Great hiking weather today. Just got done hikin the alum cave trail. Had a lot of fun!!
In bed before 11pm- Mark the record books! Planning done. Closing my eyes until I hear birds chirping at 5:15am- love open window nights!
Thank you for a wonderful shoot today ! The shots looks beautiful thanks to you!
#Reds win! Latos looked good!
home park was fun -____- so many white people so little asians lmao
You're *probably* right about that!
it's prolly in your best interest to delete that..
iPad can now be a personal hotspot if the carrier supports it
Welcome to Women's Committee
it's a all about key words: New, Leader, Change are staples for a postive campaign. Less thought goes in than you might think
heck... I'm thinking of flying out for this show too.
Would you allow some guy to operate on you if you needed surgery, or would you choose a Dr. ? We use only certified Microsoft Tech for IT.
mcr rocks i love that band so much
"The hardest job that kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any."~Fred Astaire
Auditioning for a sag commercial~ this would be a big blessing! Wish her luck!
Thanks for the RT!!!
Breakthrough let the pain of the past drown in darkness as you run to the light and dance in FREEDOM
Hi guys so I am bores rite now cuz I hav nothing 2 do ugh I hate I am bores Nd tired :(
Quote of the day..."What was that? a Pterodactyl??"
Wish we could pair the superior usefulness of many UK library sites with the visual design proficiency of many US ones.
okay! Let's just do this all night.
Program or Be Programmed: Code and Education panel discussion coming up at 3pm w/
I swear emma is sleeping in health
Tell me it's real, the feelings that we feel...
I saw a stat that the active user on Google+ posts every 12 days. Not good.
I find that I use my iPad at home way more than my Laptop. It's already on, battery lasts longer and does not heat up your lap!
Day 2 of Sorensen leadership program is being held in VA House chamber. Nice to be on the House Floor without having to vote on anything.
Agreed! RT : There should always be day baseball. Always.
clipper Darrell started as a true fan, but then was it just for the $ n exposure? he doesn't look like a victim to me, he had his share
it doesn't even sound like the kid has met with Bo. Really a shame that didn't happen before the shit show began
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
WOM Mkting all comes back to WOULD ANYBODY TELL A FRIEND? via
I'm guessing Kasey Kahne won't be driving the Similac #5 car next year. Or will he? I can't tell.
If you see (LION) in a linkedin profile it usually means they will connect with anybody. It is usually seen with some 500+ contact profiles.
Can slap bass be filtered for use in dubstep? Stay tuned n find out!
Just woke up from a 12-hour sleep. Trying to fight a major sore throat that morphed into flu-like symptoms. I hope I can go to work tonight.
Yay email me about team info. RT : *butts in* I kinda want to do that to
yep - no license no marriage! once you get the license you have 90 days to get married - by someone with a license to do that! :-)
RT": Hey guys, contraception is not just a women's issue. Speak up or zip up. You can't have it both ways.,|Got that right!
Thank you!
I hate it wen creepy weird guys follow me on twitter...seriously do u think u even have a chance??? Haha umm no not bein cocky just sayin...
I'm tired.
I always keep my human livers in carry-on. :)
Sure, Starbucks. Tom Waits at 11:15 in the morning. Who wouldn't be on board for that?
At the beach!!
Q. What happened to the Pope when he went to Mount Olive? A. Popeye almost killed him!
Shouts Daneeskz, in the playoffs of her fantasy nail colors league, she's got Tart Deco going today vs. Turquoise & Caicos.
Thanks for RTs and kind words!!!
Everybody needs some time, on their own. Everybody needs some time, all alone.
awee he is so adorable :) lol
Listening to Silk - meeting in my bedroom. This still that shit :-)
Who wants to be my 8000 tweet? :)
REALLY well that sucks LoL well we all learned something today.....hope you didn't retweet a porn ad LoL I kid! XO
RT #Julia is the Sandra Fluke of composite hypothetical non existent women
ROUND EDGES?
looking forward to it.
Smh. Whatever. Let's go rangers!
Do you know how to create Google conversion code? Conversion code is mission critical to the success of your Adwords efforts!
I would like to thank God for blessin me.
Cake balls are delicious but I can tell when TAG has one stuck to the roof of his mouth...lol.
good awards & alumni day w & men's soccer. Spring game tmrw. U would be proud!
Yes!!!! Come back north!
I need more girl friends in Miami! I wonder if I can convince to come down here. :p
Michigan State will play North Carolina today on the same ship that was used to bury Osama Bin Laden's body.
let my 2,5,7 watch Dora and was mortified at the scripted interaction. Occasional video is fine but educational tv is worst.
You had the top 3 girls from the beginning, and I'll be following all 3 of them no metter what! :) Amazing talent!
Thanks for the RT!!
what are you doing. Why...what are you doing?! Omg...stop saying the f word.
The overlay to help with chord recognition. 12 years of playing and you would think I'd know 'em. P:
thanks for the RT!
Have you seen the cow around Indy?! Check out the cow's latest adventures in our new Facebook photo album.
Team New York for the 5k color fun run in Columbus on July 21st! road trip with the girlies!
Per my last tweet, I'm off to Cafe Dolci for some Banh mi.
lmao!!! Artists need to be able to sing again
Exercise! But, be sure your activities are compatible with your age and physical condition.
You totes should. And looks like we have more than that in common - I'm an SU Art (History) Grad.
Round Hill Festival this weekend, and you know what that means.....pie eating contest!
Thank you all for stopping @ hornyhideaway last night it was fun let's do it all again tonight.
RT : Thanks to for stopping by the #LocalUnderground Last Night! And for blogging about it here:...
Anybody make any resolutions?
Umm i want ice cream and i usually hate ice cream
My softball pictures look good! :D
i quit...better off doing this by myself
Thanks for retweeting!
#InstantTurnOn guys with Dimples 😉
What would happen if I stopped being a nasty girl?? #ShuldIOrNaw!!
“: Keep Your Grind Positive And Your Motives Pure”
I'm on the bus, and I just actually laughed out loud about that. These people looking at me now...
I need to get my hands on WWF the music volumes 3 and 4 so is set for life with entrance music.
not anymore. :-) mentioned how they've become antiquated and that is so true.
I heard that a dog will be at every poll in SC today with a subtle reminder of "roof, roof" to potential Romney voters.
freak sum for the 10 wings and fries!!!
Wow, I've been a little MIA from the interwebs...
way to be a week late
Duh! I knew that! Well thank you :) Gotta love dogs!
Mafia of straight girls who look like boys
It’s always the people who know the least about you who want to judge you the most.
what song ?
I'm telling you, this duck followed us around the lake. So creepy/cute. I named her Hillary Swank.
"A Murder of Crows" EP UP ON FACEBOOK NOW!! Support+Retweet!!
sngl ladies 21+ tomorrow is your last day 2 win a Valentines Day date w email your pic and why we shld pick u 2
Getting warm here in Vegas. This is the perfect place for a water park so why did they close wet n wild. Bring it back please!!!!
Who gets ball first? RT : Jordan vs. Lebron one on one... Who y'all rolling with??
10. Festoon = a chain or garland of flowers, leaves, or ribbons, hung in a curve as a decoration.
so excited!
we're not really friends.
I wish i was more open on twitter about us while he was here..i look back at my tweets remembering how happy i was and still is with Him
Oh okay I miss you
Ok ...Ok! This is the Anthem for me for the next Decade!!! Once again Soror you rep us like no other💗💚
I hate people that have no business even speaking about basketball try and critique and his play. Sit down and let the man ball.
When u stay on path and let nature run its course, it all falls into place and works itself out
thanks for the optimism <33
See if they will let you be an elephant this time cuz your huge
Ugh i dont want my dad to get surgery:'(
personally, I am not in it for the view, and don't mind missing standing in line for hours and/or crush. but it's sold out.
Yo I'm out man
#someonewhomeansalottome my one and only
fake enthusiasm for technology. super transparent and vulgar.
Where us that trick at!!!
does that mean its on a dvd/cd waiting to be viewed by me?
Bout to watch shallow hal and call it a day .
I'm daft. No hay otra excusa. Cuentame ya.
Josh Hamilton makes me money!
me too. I'm starting to. Go responsive!
Evaluating alternatives to Kontera, starting with InfoLinks.
(James D. Rogers) Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
I dated Lloyd Davis for five years. Unfortunately it was not that Lloyd Davis.
WHAT?!? RT : Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63
Looking forward to 's Sippin' in Seersucker on Friday, tho my seersucker collection is non existent I can still have a good time
whats good rozay love hearing yo new artist music can you make a remix to Ja Rule Black Vodka song
#TRUTH RT "What is the best weapon against a zombie attack" - Joe. "Jesus" - Jordan
Oh great, heard Shannon Sharpe has 2 mins to speak at halftime. Will be surprised if he shuts up after 45. Get off the field horse face.
So you never change service providers, I guess, and no one should have that ability, right? Dems for shitty service!
That blog graveyard idea is wicked interesting...
Just buttery enough.
thanks squatting buffalo!
Trying to figure out twitter
call her yoko ohno she a man eater, ski mask diva she might up and leave u but ucan never leave her u ain't never have herso u cant keep her
Just did an interview on YES FM. I want to know how radio people sound that good in the morning- it's impressive and I'm still waking up! :)
great demo by Dr. Wattson!
forever the best pandora station
Your acting like I didnt already know that..why else do you think I invited you?
I'll be in class can I grab it round 3?
Happy Friday! Unhappy in your job? Check out our yesterday's #BoBNow Ad in the #WSJ (p. B-5) & become your own boss!
You have probably realized already, but he meant smallest with an NFL team. Greenbay IS that.
Second fantasy football draft of the year...looking forward to Arian Foster at the #5 pick
Beautiful music by tech n9ne is freaking dope!(:
You know you're from Washington when it's 75 degrees out and you're sweating.
is too adorable. I swear if I had the chance to marry him, I would do it in a heartbeat.
about to put new music on my ipod.
Absolutely up to my ears in strawberry cupcakes. Being a perfectionist takes up a lot of space...
I'm still figuring my way around Twitter myself! Just figured out the 'difference' between RT and the retweet button :)
- does it mean you like the logo?
Home for Easter :)
yeah and I just DM'd you my algebras :)
Haha to real talk grown men fighting a kid and you still losing how the Hell do you feel.
ok weird but cool
Please. Stop. LOLing. Your. Own. Comments!!!!!!
we'll think about it :)
I bet David Fincher gets the rights to the Mr. Potato head live action film
I second that.
Love your solo journey .
Kicking goals in the butt kind of day!
: Can I get one with Cool Ranch?!
tell him he's not allowed to post pictures.
plus im guessing this means new right fit guides.
Hoping for both an & win today.
will never follow me 😔 sad story..
im a young artist wit an ol soul...hoping one day to work wit you rt
Just ate chocolate chip waffles for dinner
Steinbeck classic predictably tragic at TheatreWorks - San Francisco Examiner
Big congrats on the new job, !
Thanks for your passionate advocacy for teachers, their students & #fundforteachers today. Grateful for your voice & support!
Facebook went and changed 8 million things while I was gone today!! Gah! Now I have to get used to this..... Loving the new email stuff tho!
oh wow cool! i think that was from early in grad school, hope i didn't sound like an uninformed noob.
I think it would be easier if you dont make a bonus episode and make one episode but 40 minutes long so you dont work as much.
Count down to the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2012 January 25, 2012. Global Latitudes will attend DAVOS
Loving On the celtics.
We are proud winners of the best contemporary product!
absolutely stunning. Love you both
what's the idea?
god bless the people who lost love ones ,family ,friends and more one the day of 9/11
Boys HS #Vball Results: Bird over Meadowbrook, JRHS/Godwin, T Dale/Clover Hill, Armstrong/TJ, Atlee/P Henry, Maggie W/P George
shave Mr.Met into the back of your head!!! I'll do it too! Everyone will do it lol
Just caught a screening of "Page One: Inside The New York Times." Cool event at the Newseum, good movie, and David Carr is my new hero.
k so what's up
aaaaaaaaaiwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwll i love you too mii little sister !
good question
Morning Everyone
Others use it to facilitate letter-writing between students in other places.
just found out my uncle was an all state tennis player.
Going to meet the first person on my target list tonight! Woot!
I got dat Taco Bell 👌
Do you Twitter? Meet me
my puppy loves new years day. It's so cute :)
Nothing quiets a room like a procession of
RT : Find real friendships with fellow women in your area!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
We are a Christian Leads/Referral Group that meet at my office every Friday. Send me an email at .
Hi Paul! Great to meet you in Boston. Here's to the Cushmans!
Headed to Miami, available by phone and email until later this afternoon.
So I think we can safely say the rangers are the best team in the AL.
Im playing man
AWESOME!!! CAN U GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT PLEASE
Pure Relational Joy? BiLocational & BiVocational? Can 1 live & be connected personally & professionally in 2 different cities like Pgh & LA?
No house keys.. amazing
Yeah sure what's your question??
Happy Ash Wednesday Everyone!!! Last Night's Mardi Gras Party was a Blast!!!
what's your favorite tsp lyric?
This is very ugly
Short walk to the local Dress in layers during the cold winter months. I learned the hard way.
Smile Jamaica
man even thoe were getting prolly the tip of the storm idk it might change but its gonna be a good night hopefully
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;)
Sorry. I didn't see your first answer. Twitter is not pinging my phone when someone responds. Glad you're going back home!
Last day of the week #Break!
we really should hang out soon! Miss you!
Having some Hot coffee! mmhh!
you using the METRO acct or your own?
you look so much better in spa chair. You have girlfrand?
There's no set agenda to tonight's Green Drinks #GSO. Just lots of socializing and green chat. Hope you'll join us!
Watchn #DuckDynasty with & Reminds us each of our hometowns!
no, that makes sense! Also parallels btw cred/authenticity of Albarn & 2Pac...
Ty again Junior
Great series! I didn't catch it the 1st time around either, but been watching the reruns. Good call!
a week without social media. I survive! :)
Today has been awesome! One final left and I am officially on summer break!!
yea ok
sorry to hear that :(
I think we've found a bug with that service now...
can you buy a ticket?
RT Planning the music video! With
John and Jerm have tattoo time today!
Ok Kobe
Indeed! Born in Montreal so that is automatically true :)
Alright! We'll talk later...The concert starts at 10pm so before then :)
that's literally hilarious. RT“: there should be a morartorium on the words #literally and #hilarious - words used incorrectly.”
No that's so right :)
American Healthcare Investors Facilitates Acquisition of Five Medical Office Buildings on Behalf of Griffin-American ...
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home. I miss the days when life was simple. What if I nevr tried to follow that rainbow iso the pot of gold
60 degrees outside, it's a heatwave!
Come check out Macy’s Light Up the Square Cincinnati’s Annual Tree Lighting Today!!! Festivities begin at 6:30pm with live music from Ti..
I understand everybody has rights but george zimm didnt turn his self in ... They had to go get him... That wld be a huge slap in the face
“: indiana aka indianapolis :)” coming June julyish!
mark the 22nd down too! We will be having another event, fun filled and awesome with $1 drinks!
-Aoki said all Japanese stars want 2 come here, 2 find out 4 sure if they have what it takes.
Long ass day! Funeral, fam, then did sum hair!
What's your favorite cigar?
Break Legs. Our version opens on Friday.
Appreciate The Support My Dude!!
i think im about to hurt sombdy.
saw a Green Lantern trailer with you in it - what's the scoop?
I feel part 2 is more funny then exciting lol Camilla just needa hit somebody so I can get crunk lol
soccer and finishing everything for graduation. Wbu?
thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the advice. Would you do it with kids? What else did you do in Java? 3 months- wow!
Thanks for the reTweet! I hope we get to see you at the event!
that's messed up lol thank you
Easter is around the corner, what are your family traditions? Early morning mass? family Easter egg hunt?
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered in our drawing for an iPAD2! Drawing will be announced on here in 48 hours!!!! 2 days to go!
Happy birthday brian! (:
What do u call a chick with one leg? Eileen!
what's good bro! Where u livin in Ohio?
#Herbs are expensive to buy at the stores so adding them to your landscape makes good economic sense
Michael Vick deserves a chance he has learned from his mistakes & should be forgiven. Black's were treated worse than dogs & we forgave U!
great blog! Pecan Pie - !!!! Should have my blog up for you real soon - it's going to be fun!
Yes I am a sore loser when it comes to Maccabi. Were they the better team? No. But they had heart & soul, it will take some time to sink in
The Jets haven't been to a super bowl in 41 years. I'm siding with them on this one.
Walking the dog in the neighborhood!.... Why is it 60 degrees in the middle of January????
Well Muma Hawk brought dinner back. For your sake we have chosen not to disclose the cute baby animal that bird has just slaughtered
talk to me!
Raven down old school shotty action for the win
Justice for Chelsea?
Fukk Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split lol Ant Nothin butt a Gangsta party
I'm inside load of fun. Do you know what's going on around Howard and north ave?
LOL I was hoping it was just my bad eyesight.
why aint no Chinese fat people i never seen one lbs healthy fuckers
Ah, such a great masterpiece! You're welcome!
Licensed to Ill, my first Hip Hop record, that's right we did it in wax back in the day.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
Santo said last nite during an appearance that most CA public universities don't offer US history courses - What? Dude's running for POTUS!
et al, Anyone ever come up with a way to do a responsive email template?
Money talks alright but all it ever says to me is good bye.
Free admission to the Carlos Museum on Friday, May 18 to celebrate
Everybody is beautiful and cool regardless of looks, race, weight, sexual orientation, gender, etc! Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
The only "good" highlights I am seeing on TV about Zambrano are against the Astros. Haha
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you're doing your work and the teacher yells at you for sleeping.
Scratch that. Exhausted, broke....yet extremely statisfied and elated I finished my first feature....stubborn fool.
sometimes I remember in arizona when we were going to the venue at 8 that morning and there were people going to school... i laugh at them
RIP Moose Skowron
what is with both Wisconsin teams having overlapping games again on Saturday? The bars are going to hate
No, I'm not drunk, but she's got chocolate
“: i noticed only RATCHET ppl w/ no job or education are getting MAD about my OPINIONS on Lil BOOSIE verdict... OH!!!”
aww come on that's my team now
thank you both for the heads up. Planning on being there!
Open desk drawer: no tea. Oh. It's going to be that kind of week.
She truly is magical.
video too please?
2 books in 1 joke. Nice! RT I'm writing President Snow's biography. It's called "To Kill A Mockingjay" (ht to )
You're welcome to stay for as long as you wish. I live downtown, walking distance to everything…airport, train & trolley stations.
i'm going to look good tonight because is photographing all of us at , so wear your pushup bra or bro!
A 17 year old girl from Miami, Florida started to sneeze on January 4, 1966 and it continued untill June 8 1966.
oops -just bought my shirt & whoever set up the email receipt template should learn how to spell their employer's name! :)
GOP and sources: Tiebreaker selects GOP version of #NJMAP, giving Scott #Garrett edge in district shared with Steve
its San Diego so everything is good hahaha. Tacos El Gordo?
So happy and excited for you!! I am doing well, having fun and working hard. Hope to see you soon.
But my new hello kitty nails turned blue :( oh well..
Well that just happened. Off to find a puddle to drown myself in.
Lots of shoutouts to at #witsphl. W00t! one of my favorite sites.
Nice work Ron!
it's more to life than getting money & p.ssy! Mfers need to grow up & use other vocab rather than 'bitches, hoes, pussy, money, weed' etc
oh wow! do you have a pic of the tattoo?
Hope everything will go OK! We Fans need you around!There's only one Sly!
& the sign says Beer Bait Ammo... They got everything in between
This may sound fat but... Food is an art to me.... I make masterpieces..
Control your risk this tax season and all year round with GoldStar GPS
At the end of one, the #Badgers lead Mercyhurst 1-0, shots are 12-6 in favor of Wisconsin
Many books today suggest that the mass of women lead lives of noisy desperation.
If I was your boyfriend I'll never let you go<3
Bensimon describes CUE's tools that enable faculty & admins to examine own practices, and in turn performance of students.
Finna relax an watch a movie with my son.
he's safe inside now! lol
so damn bored
and prepare yourself a bit less gaming :]
#AmericasGotTalent is the best show ever! Howard is the bestest!!! lolz "Did your parents die of emberassment?" ahahahahahah
: sorry .& whoever else is hurtling
#ThingsThatAreSketchy ceiling fans that shake too damn hard.
Ha! That's the first time I have heard that.
So are you RT : You are
THIS SEMESTER IS ALMOST OVER... THANK THE LORD... ;-)
Do they make it yet? RT : m #nachos! Maybe I should get a #mancandle as a wedding gift :)
Caps score already!
Only the presale! General sale starts Friday.
And I wish to someday be the Robin Sherbotsky of the NFL.
sup dun son
Had an adventure driving a semi truck. Sometimes you gotta get down and dirty.
If i have a daughter, i'm naming her Olivia Marie, Caitlin Marie, or Jasmine Victoria :)
Once Upon A Time finale...
a must-read for anyone who works with adolescents: Project X by Jim Shepard
I get bored so fast that they won't last, but girl you special like I met you in the slow class.
i agree!
stop hating on ja nigga real shitty that Girls Go Wil was awful listen to some real shit like #PIL2 bra thats real hip hop.
I thought you just received admission into McCombs?
hey girl how are you! And when is it?
Three new viral posters for Prometheus
... i understand what he is saying about skill players needing protection from opposing players. it goes to far to pay players bounties.
Tip: Don't b afraid of controversy. If u have a great idea and discover there's controversy it can actually make your story MORE newsworthy!
Creates no jobs. 1.1m/job is from Cantor's own website! RT : Wld u spend $1.1 mil to create 1 job? 's bill does.
It looks like they are giving away free food at burger king. All these lazy ass parents
Jenny's makeup is even more raccoon-y than usual.
good morning =D
Go Clippers! RT SoCal fans, come out to a stop on our Lunch Date tour & you could win tix to a Laker game!
OH YES WE ARE GETTING THERE... HEADING STRAIGHT TOWARDS OUR GOALS... #TEAMSUCCESSFUL LET'S GO GET IT!!! WHY NOT... ;-)
Kobe is crazy closet person you can compare to Jordan!
Happy Founder's Day to the SO SWEET ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc.
“: I have to say, Fox is totally going all out today. Love the updates on other games. #EPL” Agreed!
Hearing great production and mixing of a song is like sex to my ears!
#askaustin are you going to hoot fest..?
It's Wednesday! You know what that means...we're in the kitchen with Rania today at 9!
It's almost my birthday. Woot c:
|| i am more than what meets the eye... some of my tweets are actually intellectual.
So BET gets them LUV and Mid of Nowhere after theatrical run?
Who from came to LDA Life & Learning Service's open house this morning?
what are 30 year bonds yielding righ now?
RT : RT : SAVE the DATE show is MARCH 25th More details coming soon! <Thanks :):)
Just received a donation of awesome 80's vintage dresses and pant suits for our next Ruffian Swap!
I love Google and the internets. Found the answer to an InDesign question in two seconds.
“: Many have SURVIVED disasters ALONE but no one has SUCCEEDED at much of anything ALONE! #uregonnaneedsomeone”
why must i always spell shit wrong! lol i meant take the time to tell you ur my favorite ;) sowy bout that
All Time Low!
ergo...one person does not a startup make.
ok ok n miss u too sis
Quit being a sad butt, and start cheering up you cutie patootie. <3 Yer boyfran wants to see that precious smile. C:
Time for tweet tweet sleep!!!
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
On cell replacement #4 and now my phone won't hold it's charge...SERIOUSLY?!?!
Hi Grafton! Thanks for the follow!
im just sitting here like
hey Brook my closet is missing cute, comfortable tall brown leather boots and black rain boots!
Yeah, like Obama on the golf course, right Ed you fucking loon...lmao
Thank you for the gratitude! Right back at you for all you contribute. :-)
I have the best girlfriend she puts up with all my shit and all I do is bitch😔 so I wanted to say I love you and You mean the world to me..
no no SDOT can plow to nickels house. If you really want him stuck put him on a bus route near a hospital w/ lots of snow.
highly doubt it. Aka I don't know anyone with a baby and I don't think i knew any glass majors by name.
haha wait sorry you werent right this time
How can you not be beaming from ear to ear? I am!
My thoughts exactly.
#Books I'm reading: #Smut by
Why am I still up???
Oh, fuck. Now I want one! Going to use my librarian powers too.
ok Calvin here
I read a story about this the other day & sadly, my first thought was to sign up for an affiliate id...
I dunno, we use surveys despite the fact that nonattitudes are rampant, esp on complex issues
im done
Yay got my nails done for #Promotion! Cant wait #2MoreDays! :D
I love sluts
I'll cross my fingers for you :)
Louisville has gotten better, but Syracuse can't score enough to be a top 5 team.
As an internal change communication strategist that is likely a beneficial read for me!
Saying goodbye isn�t the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just don�t erase themselves.
seriously, if i don't get to see 1D im gonna curl up in a ball and cry till my death
My bed now! Ahh night everyone :)
hahahahahaha! We need to eat more snack before the game! SNICKERS FOR EVERYONE!
Fergie has gotten this wrong for me. Should have at least picked a team that could cause problems on the break. City deserve to be one up.
Follow to get the latest on healthcare technology trends and breakthroughs in the state of Florida.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
“: Does #InternationalWomensDay really have to fall on #fattuesday? No, ladies. This Tuesday doesn't make you look fat.” 2 funny
Ah.... Makes much more sense. Way to be a go getter!
Hello follow me kayleeiscool
watching #thebachelorette with my mom ((:
Why are you wearing a cape at school...reevaluate your life.
Hi I'm mike brown & i suck that's how the press conference shoulda went get him out of LA
New #linkedin android app is pretty but won't let me sign in. :FAIL
is at our home in Wisconsin painting. Getting ready to put this beautiful 4 bedroom 1.5 bath lannonstone home up for sale. Stay tune 4 more
make sure you have lots of space :-)
I wanna call you mine, Wanna hold your hand forever. Never let you forget it. 'Cause baby I wanna make you feel wanted. 
Love doing dinner with fellow bands & artists
Martin Methodist is a legit school now. James Justice! Party at Broadway!
I'm doing alright. figuring out a new job. how you been lately?
Mall Or Movies 2morrow Who wit it? lemme know
Don't like that transformativeness is rejected out of hand. Very little is said about why.
Xbox with your girlfriend never gets old. ❤😊
Kepler Lucas :Uh oh! It's getting late and I haven't finished scattering my toys all over the room for you to trip over when you get home.
beta for what?? Im kinda interested.
LOL gotta stay hydrated!
The bikini for 2012 is ready to go but I need get the SPF-Heavy Duty so I can maintain my colorless complexion.
May the Fourth be with you, all of you!
The advantage of never following Chris Brown on Twitter is that I never had to stop following Chris Brown on Twitter.
Um... interesting? Is he that amazing that you changed your last name to his?
Jon Edwards could become one of the few people ever to be booed out of a funeral.
Hashtagged his unfortunate nickname? Wow never thought I'd see one of them tweet that
GET THAT! c;
oh god
Good news too - never saw so many people working out and eating healthly MT "data also suggests that national has reached a plateau"
Lets go heat!
going to the mall wanna come?
oh shut up babe you're always gorgeous
Glad to hear about cams; disappointed to hear there hasn't been a policy; concerned about profiling.
+1 RT Don't feel bad for His biggest success yet to come. Feel bad for #NCAA--they're worse off w/out him
Should have won. Just saying.
way to go Jeff!
When it rain, it pours...I have to keep reminding myself that it can't rain forever and the sun will shine again.
Orioles Magic!
Hey ! It's a 99 cent iPhone app called Diptic. Definitely worth it!
I'm too busy slaving for mother to tweet
French Montana - Everythangs A Go
oh em gee.
thai food tonight!
I can honestly say that I've thought about that before but it freaked me out
THE YEAR OF PRUNNING IS OVER (John 15:2) He prunes it so that it may bear more fruit. #Sir Court
you already lost ? :)
that would be a good fit but you gotta understand Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
We need to stop segregating the Chicago Music Scene and work together so we can grow! There is too much Politics and Cliques going on!
Boy, you gotta DO IT ! :)
Craving a Bleu Reuben and Staufs brew. How about you?
sure, followed
You inspire me for all the INCREDIBLE things you do. Blows me away!
Think I may deviate from the normal tone of my blogging and write a 5 worst dates of all time post for #Vday. Be excited.
Installing the Commencement show today!
Dear Internet, should I go out tonight?
I woke up in a good mood today!!
Lunch is almost over O_o
I like where this is going.
Eating shredded cheese in bed, AKA eating the shredded cheese that fell between my breasts and now tastes all perfume-y.
I can make light of your darkness
#WhiteSox moving Chris Sale back to the bullpen, this time as the closer. Dylan Axelrod moves to the rotation.
Whoever invented call of duty can go fuck themselves
I'm picking up the #MiniWellers from their bus-stop. =P
Turtles. We got ‘em. You love ‘em. Just don’t tell your dentist you bought them here.
why the sad face/:
Last day in Iowa. Heading back to Minneapolis after lunch
Im bored and your never on here so im gunna put u in a million things!!!!! I love you boo<3
already had one of our museums asking to bring you out to their site - shared your website with them! :)
ok I feel ya ha welcome home!!!
RT JrOneTrey I be counting money til I pass out
Princess Diana died in a car crash on this day in 97. I was watching SNL, news coverage interrupted The Spice Girls. Where were u?
just came back from Miami and can vouch it's the best coffee
to get a good idea check out our magazine. Today only were offering a 1 year subscription for $5.99 use promo code FUNFRI
lol you're not god....
Unrest of spirit is a mark of life; one problem after another presents itself and in the solving of them we can find our greatest...
Long time not eating this awesome food !!
Music Is my life.
Tell him congrats for me (not that he'll know who I am, you'll have to say that little 14 yr old...). Have fun!
exactly, Being "Dr So and So" can get your foot in the door to expand practice but once in U need to be prepared to act effectively
. I used to go out of my way to fly United & keep Premier status. Now w/ upselling Econ Plus, it's too expensive and irritating.
charge ur phone
Just had a great breakfast at Bloom cafe. I'm so full now!
What will & Daddy Satch have to complain about tonight!!!!
I love everyone. Plz pray for me
Unless you're Pavement, a 2nd drummer is unnecessary
Good morning. I don't even know wtf I'm doing up so early lol.
What was your favorite class at CSHS?
You're such a douche.
Even more that broadcast still uses on-air ratings to renew/cancel shows.
Tonight on #21CRadio we're discussing technology and music portability. DM me to submit a question!
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it -Julia Child
l want a million followers!!
#TissotTimeOut Wouldn't it be great if IndyCar raced in Denver?
Too bad #thelyinggame has gone down hill so far. Another rich bitch show? No thanks.
very kind of you sir. i am a bit of a dame, salty talk and such. little but fierce. have a good 'un!
i saweeeee! There's only 1 cure for this!!......come spend some time with
Does it really make sense to collect toll bills by voluntary phone calls?
1st prize at #health2dev goes to project aether! Very cool app!
"140 characters are never enough for an apology when you need to make one" - pick up the phone.
Was a great event. Keep up the amazing work. Makes a big difference!
Thanks Russ for following me on Twitter.
OMG.....never thought I'd get to ride in a v6 sedan.
Father-in-Law: How do you say that word? My Husband: What word? Father-in-Law: F-A-V-O-U-R My Husband: Um, like "favor." Me: ...
Who would you rather see in the playoffs? #Knicks, #Sixers, or #Bucks? #NBA avg tix this season: $48
as long as it's not like one of those fish pedicures.....
lol I know what it is!!! I love it!!!!
stop pickin ppl stuff
That is VERY good to see! An (increasingly rare) good day for civil liberties.
That panic moment when: The elevator doors don't open right away and you think you're gonna be trapped there.
UPDATE: Cancelled the photo-shoot this morning due to weather conditions, postponed it for this weekend, March 3-4.
Becca come over this weekend and we can do nails!!!! ❤
California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ
If you're in NYC and can catch Massacre - you should - before it closes this weekend. So fantastic!!
simply answered... If I don't know something, I can't help u out. If I can't help u out, what am I doin here? Lol
you should have a show or something have you ever thought about that
Mexican with a cute face but them Jnco jeans gotta go!
All this talk is driving me crazzyyyyy! Ah.
I'm partial to Marc Vallon's recording with the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra. But he's my former prof, so I'm a bit biased.
why is you deleting your old account???
I think I've seen that. "The law team that rides" or some such.
curfew denial could affect governor's jurisdiction on public property in other TN cities.
Alan Parsons Project while I do my hw.
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new? Let us know for a NORTH magazine story.
Walking thru Detroit airport, had to stop to watch ESPN highlights of Braun's 3 home runs last night! See, no steroids, he's just that good.
comical. I guess we missed where Wisconsin lead the country in job losses in 2011 and had a bad March
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
no plans yet. I'll holla at you later, do the same
... had games left to play, but nothing will take away what we accomplished. I love you guys like my brothers
Quiet afternoon in the 'brary today...
Nothing wrong with that. I trust you me and Matt Miller way more than McShay, we'll have to get a bit evil to convince others
Looks like Adrian is going home early so I am closing the bar solo, so who wants come to brea and keep me company tonight?
;) you're very welcome!!
Thanks for tip...will be flying them 5x (!!!) in July.
Mitt Rommey can't even drink beer. So how woudl that work out? He can't have soda either.
two Duffs, one cup
giving blood
Mark your calendars for this coming Thursday Feb 18, 2010 at Highland Park Country Club 6-9 p.m. www.keithchristopher.com
I feel like I'm standing in a club with this music on at work lol.
Overheard: "IS THIS SALT VEGAN?"
I'll go the extra mile just to see you smile.
nice. Surprised you're not at Big Wangs Wings.
let me know!!
I feel sorry for Bristol. She's tryin hard.
Far more serious issues now. Back then, was broke, but it still possessed a certain curatorial integrity.
Paul: that's what i read somewhere. Btw I've got amazon prime too but haven't attempted streaming video yet
oh fuck yeah!!! Bout to get crazzy
it's been a little journey but Soo worth it!!!
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
Is there anything happening near Chicago?
Yes sir! Hopefully kix in quick it will be a busy day since we have a short holiday week. Be well, do good, peace
im saying if i don't make it to the next round of x factor im auditioning for glee project
and i have 3 tests that i have not studyed for.
Who is ready for the Annual Writers Conference in Chicago? WE ARE.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses
I had that moment a while back but couldn't bring myself to change the pic. I swear I'm not a bro. Please believe me ;)
how's the force?
I hate you right now.
About to hop on these beats.and mix down a couple tracks.
Me: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*
#smbmad #ford - glad to have you. Don't forget to checkin on 4sq
I'm sitting here watching movies...Ugh! I just remember I got a project to do and I haven't even started on it.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
Read more, you seem like a bright kid. Just misguided.
i. love. american. cities.
and run over!
May the forth be with you.
I think should have been PM. Dayana being PM is frustrating to watch, I can't imagine actually being there.
I miss seeing Sam today. It's weird.
Pat..Send me an e mail so I can tell ya about our Ministry Please....www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Many Thanks Ken Rector
Where can I find newest exercise and fitness equipment, any sites? Idea's?
showing up on time to rehearsal and youre the only person there -___-"
I love everyday in riding my groove #art is life : Ucan't complain about being obsessive if it's what you love to do.”
Wow, is packed today. Having trouble finding a parking spot.
1:1 mentoring would have a huge impact.
1)You take dumps with your shirt off 2) You ate an enclair that was in the trash? You fat-ass garbage eater!!!
Congratulations buddy! Lot of proud IT geeks out there.
Monday is here again.... Tell us about your #HCG #weightloss this weekend!!! :)
T.a.p.e stands for Tara Ava Paige Erin :D
Why didn't my direct deposit go through yet ?!!???! 😳
I'm dooing great thanks for asking! Just getting ready too start the day. How about yourself?
Letting go is always a fuss.
City are supposed to be trying to win this match right? All Arsenal and I can't believe they didn't just score there
Just ordered a new processor from newegg...glad I can just drop a new AMD Quad core into this motherboard I have.
Brothers tonight for #wings and #cocktails with You in ?
Our drink deal 2day is .99c Watermelon Slush (over50%off). only at 8212 Liberty and Edgewater store. Not valid w/ ot promo. ask 4 drink deal
Thanks for the FAQ blog, totally answers some questions! Hope the studio holds open casting...either way hope u find your Lena!
torture here!
lol I'm sure you deserve it. So no.
When it comes to Repubs, what happened to concept of freedom of religion for all (including Muslim) and the separation of church and state?
Post-concert comment in Paris: "You're doing that whole American-Finnish thing", delivered in a German accent.
The dog just wrapped himself in one blanket and submerged himself underneath the other. I'm blanketless, and there's a pit bull in my bed.
I would like to see a social realist drama about corn subsidies through the prism of a multi-generation family drama break the $1bil mark.
“Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.” ― Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Soul
If you like Orange Soda, the color purple, and/or the number 3 please like this status and tell your friends about us!
it's ok ive never got one either
« I hope all the underage bitches stay in tonight»
Cutting certain people out of my life has proved to be succesful in my daily happiness.
New Cd amazing! So worth the wait!
lol, good call “: that's only because we've made such horrible moves in the last 3 years.”
Love it Michelle! It looks HUGE! :-)
These are big issues. I'm thinking of potential value one day.
I know. I don't get it at all. I'm definitely not a Lebron fan but even I can acknowledge he's absolutely the MVP.
Miami has full practices of learning whether to do a forward head nod or backwards when they get bumped by a player
Goodbye flash egg men. I will not miss you.
Well damn. RT : Lmaoo ode son RT : I WISH I HAD SOME COCK IN ME RIIIGHTTT NOW !!
Good Morning :)
I need some juice
What dullies do : Arizona Hospitals (Banner Health expecially) have done an excellent job of intimidating #APRNchat via :
Hope you have a wonderful weekend also!
Whats really good this morning I need my followers to check out my album sampler on my YouTube
Happy Birthday :)
I'm sort of being stalked by a male model...."darn".;
I can just hear you internal dialogue, "ok. T-minus 9hrs. 21 minutes. And 13 seconds til these come off"
catching up on tweets. how did your venture through DT Seattle go?
Password changes need to happen!
I love getting out of work at 11 at night 😡
Oh, don't worry about me, it's not like i have feelings or anything...
that is often my only reason..
Ha! No brainwashing from the media for me. I have 26 years of empirical data that I've collected walking around as a black man...
Happy 2nd Day of my Birthday Month!
Safe in my home, just cooked a big dinner<--YOU COOK????SINCE WHEN LMAO
Should have started this sooner. Places I'll never live...Ramah, CO.
hey alicia, how do you feel today ?
Ya know if enough people think 2+1 = 3 then so it is. : Florida students' test scores drop, so the state lowers the passing grade.
Helena V. is offering a 35% discount 2 product designers till April 30, 2010. If interested, call the studio @ 212-673-6584.
Simple Man&#39;s Guide To Personal Finance: The Couples? Help and ...
omgg that's so cool he's amazing I hope he never changes.<3:)
that's why I live on a mountain...
RT "Separate your identity from your circumstance." #SoRight!
Gonna go ride around in circles for a little while.
can I just have a frequent buyer card already? Haah! Love it!!!! Can't wait!
Love and be loved, Smile and be smiled upon .. no good has ever came from a bitter heart.
Even when my swag is at an all time low, it's still higher than everyone else's
I agree with that you need an etsy shop!
Thank you to everyone who checked out my poster, "Libraries Getting GLAMorous!"
Wait, no one else live-tweeted tonight's #Glee? I'm disappointed.
I can... bear-ly believe it ;)
Hey Nathan, have you gotten a chance to use the betford trays yet?
I am deeply hurt that is discriminating against Android users. I like baseball cards.
only fools graduate early.....make it last
Rich Franklin VS Rogerio Nogueira...... My money is going on Nogueira, what about you?
#Döner by the water! Of course! Miss you, !
baby-> work on sign language, cause its communication based frustration. Older kid, reward chart.
I got suckered into the Caps game. Shiny!
you are the pot calling the kettle black.
rock a bye babyy
The Rabbit Theory screening in Ghana, West Africa, in the week of October 1-4 during the "Real Life Documentary Festival" in #Accra,
I'm going to ask my mom and dad if I could go to New York this summer. Omg, I hope they say yes i've always wanted to go there.
Really enjoyed the first session of ISSE. Excited for the next session to start!
Proud of our effort tonight despite the outcome. The points do not show our heart and toughness to overcome the obstacles we had in front
when is the talk going to be on? Loved AGT last night your hubby is stealing The show!!20hr fan
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country
our guitarist is getting married this summer and is looking for good wedding songs ! help us with ideas !
Cleaning up dog poop sure can put life back in perspective quickly!!!
It's nothing special. The plot has been done a million times before. Maybe see it when its out on DVD.
How can Anthony Davis not be getting considered to be on the Olympic team?
It's always guys that I don't like who likes me... but the guys I like don't give two flying noodles about me.
Thanks for the follow and love your passion!
Tomorrow, SAT MAY 14: Fareed Haque and his newest trio MATHGAMES! Guitar Player Magazine named him "Best World Guitarist"! Chick Pimp opens!
#WeLoveRonald! : Come visit this Saturday at 5601 Hazel Avenue in Fair Oaks. Ronald will do a show at noon. Great fun!
I began by telling the president that there was a cancer growing on the presidency and that if the cancer was not removed ... th
I glad they arrested the guy!
#smwkred is happening in NY and SF having our social media week blowout tonight. case studies in social for brands + mixer
your job going well this week?
WOW!!!! Ur Freakin Love #whatburger I Wanna Try Some (;
stupid people right?? Can't stand them and bad part is they are "so called friends" lol
I'm glad I didn't have to pay for those Broadway tickets.
I love that shit. I'm gonna make you say it when I see you at school lol
My front veneer is cracked and my knee is achy...I'm pretty much falling apart.
One cup of joe and I've snapped myself back into alertness. I am oh so thankful for caffeine!
I don't want to write anymore!!!!
I can't stand this what the hell happened tonight I literally wanna just crawl in a hole
Happy to have you along with us on !
twitters getting boring.
Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on #arts and #economic development? will be there!
will do. thanks for the information.
lol. A cat coding would be scary. The mouse would never work- it'd keep running away :)
Efeste Final Final in my glass = happy happy. Cheers!
hi matt: hope to see you about!
Is this just a game of "Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar?"? Does #BabyBoyZent just want cookies?
Dodson gets the win, but Tim Elliot comes out of better in the bigger picture, in my opinion. Really put his name on the map.
Thank you very much! Cheers & Good Smokes :)
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
Selfish people <<<
On the concourse waiting to take off to Cancun. There are electrical problems with the plane.
Heading to the 9th and the Phils are still trailing 3-1.
Thank God for Steve Blake.
Would have only had one #spoileralert otherwise.
Got it, thank you. We will be in touch!
I'm about to get some All whites RT : u don't fuck wit em gotta fuck wit some all whites
We reached our $7,000 goal on our Kickstarter! Thank you to all the supporters!
Ten minutes into learning about and I've already had 3 wide-eyed jawdrop moments.
monthly unique visitors report changed in v15? now pulls daily uniques but calcs the month total. Can I see daily as monthly?
Hope that tomorrow goes better.
The starting-in-2012 Philly group should be called the Jordon Steele Memorial E-Records Meetup. Back of t-shirts: "He's not dead"
By saying mostly "mushroom" Christian R U saying you're the "model" Christian? We can't grow apart from grace! 2 Pet 3:18
So Mean Jean won't be returning to Congress.
#nehvectors Wendy Cheng asks what if new media had not been driven from the West? invokes Tanazaki's In Praise of Shadows
Have you noticed the quality of the photos on #TheSportingPost? I don't like to steal pics form the internet, so I use ones that I've..(1/2)
U Check It Out
What do ppl even get out of hacking FB accounts?!? Jus Dumb...
Does the term "hacking the academy" add more tension to changing academia? I totally get the meaning, I have hacked my share
follow me
Wait, where? You lie.
Follow ! I'll be blogging about them soon. What to do in case you start hearing voices...
ok ok. I'd settle for you playing "bad to the bone" on the jukebox.
i think i hate more than i hate bees.
Gn Tweet peeps and FB friends!! Another day is on the horizon......
Man people make me so proud.. :)
#LinkedInTips: Keep your experience and other information up-to-date on LinkedIn. Experiences make you more valuable.
srry i cant cuz its my moms bday party.:(probably next weekend. Maybe?:)
Ready to learn more from AACTE...who doesn't love Chicago in February!
Jazz Crush combo was a hit. We'll be doing "Second Saturdays" at Kana Winery" from 6-9 PM in Yakima! See you April 14th!
holla at me fool #DUDLEYBOYZ making moves in Richmond VA and of course the nation''s cap. would love to netowrk wit u
Sometimes it's way too tempting to stay in my pjs, drink coffee, and watch the rather than get ready for work.
anger management stat
What was it like working with John Travolta?
head hurting crying my heart out man i haven't cried this much since phat funeral imissuy brotha!
I thought that _The Rook_ was pretty great.
Watching people do labs in chemistry :D
Seriously, if you live in Australia and want to be an actor in LA, go to this school. They really make things happen.
can make a mean tuna salad sandwich.
This weekend was really cool.
I'm here though :)
It doesn't get any more mundane than that! I should add, that upon completion of breakfast I did still obsessively chew two pieces of gum
Okay ? Playing soccer dosent make you a Fronchie ? Lmao it's like saying playing basketball makes you a niggah. lol
I am rooting for the Mmmmbop horse
thanks hope to see u soon!
Cool, how's the project coming?
Got good news people
We now have a short/long term furnished rental available! Beautiful Bay Hideaway with 2 bedrooms/2 baths for $3000/mo.
Just piss me off . I hate two-faced people .
I was just thinkin the same thing!!! WTF!!!!
Bicyclists stay longer and spend more money locally than those that arrive by car.
We beat them 2 out of 2 times last year though... RT : dude the squealers 2 out of 3 weeks this schedule is brutal
Unreal. Superhuman. RT : God, the things Tyler Hicks has witnessed and done. How does he do it?
"KICKSBURGH: Relaced" is put together by professors and students from the University's acclaimed Sneakerology course...
Don't u just love people with exquisite lives, but still do nothing but complain. Please change u complainers
YES!!!!! #arcadefire for the win!
awe poor jordie I'll make it better
Perhaps y'all would have been a better selection? ;)
Can anyone remind me what LOLBMC have won this season? Should be doable in 140 characters.
Tahahaha that's my line!!
no doubt he is... University of New Orleans, in fact. Read what I just RT'd via
Are u getting these bullshit pool & other fees too? Please share the email. It'll save me from social shaming them
you still working at the shop cause i do need some new music
Glad I had bread on OKC
Coming Soon: ISI Cosmetics!
I would like something chiffon or a ball gown. “: Sure! Do you have a preferred style in mind? RT
": “To a mankind that recognizes the equality of man everywhere, every war becomes a civil war.” ~Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy"
Civil rights / human rights don't exist after sunset. Protesting at night apparently is a capital offense in Egypt
#gcyale Recognize that we regulate some speech to force ppl to defend that line. (see, e.g. the hate speech argument from Friday) (2/2)
Going to the recording studio tomorrow! #SoHappy! I can't believe I get to say that hahaha :P
Thanks for the write up!
I Love The Hollaween Episode Of Martin Makes Me Laugh All The Time..
...and whenever people say that, I know it's not! At least for some oppressed groups of people! - Dr. Stovall
Can someone please clean out my litter box?
When I was a kid the TV show 'Charles in Charge' may as well have been called 'I Hope Chachi Takes His Shirt Off This Episode'.
I'd be a callous ass not to accept that apology. Let's put it behind us and move forward, shall we?
Hurray for RTs! Thank you, AK! I can't wait to get started with my package! :)
I mean, if millions of people were talking about me on twitter I would be glowing pretty bright too.
posers cryin in the name of capitalism are the same ones afraid to compete.. smh
hold your head up high bro . .
I hate to be the one to bear the bad news.. Yes, it is true, I finally fell in love. I fell so hard that I'm killing myself.
Congrats Austin it took 1 hour and thirty minutes to sell out :)
putting on make-up and helmet hair?
You were born with the ability to change someone's life. don't waste it.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW! So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE & AFFILIATE With The 'Movers' & 'Shakers' In The Ent. Biz. So Should YOU!
RT Considering his target consumer....1-800-ASK-GARY should also own 1-800-AXE-GARY ..to avoid confusion HOLLA!!
Martinez hits in G. Cipolloni and Cavaliers have collected 3 runs on 3 hits here in the 5th. 2 outs.
Like most winter weather situations in #RVA location of the rain/snow line is always the deciding factor on accumulation amounts
Kacie's Dad is speed-dialing Courtney right now to see if she make a quick stop in TN.
it's true tho! the hoods really arent that rough but people play like they are and it's funny to me! why not just be happy lol
love it! Thanks!
I put up some nasty numbers at my job today. Vice president of sales took notice.
Headed to Bombs United Picnic in San Jose.
I wonder why we react to them differently than butterflies.
Clean language= clean mind
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future. ~Gail Lumet Buckley
Completed gap analysis of StratML Part 2 4 draft NIEM profile in yet to be created Planning and Accountability Domain.
“: What do you call a sexist guy who makes jokes about girls being in the kitchen? Single.”
wow that last day is killer!!
RT : um yea. I think it's the grandmother thing I'm concerned about. always says I'm old.
that's that bull shit!! Damn another person slain senselessly.. Com on man
Happy Birthday Prince!I wouldn't be able to get you anything but I'll be sure to spread the peace and wear lots of green!!
as if you didnt have any before! ha
Great pic w/44! We're cousins on my Dad's side & we haven't met, but my grandfather told me lots about you. Wanted to say hi.
What I use my phone for: Texting, Talking, & pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkward situations."
well i love them all all country artists including you and lizzie
re: prev tweet. My lunar birthday is on Chinese New Year, and I'm year of the rabbit, so those were my two signs fighting it out.
