Dis movie is boring. Mary can't safe me.
Awww... I miss u too :( Congratulations On Graduating We Gone Have To Do Something...
Give peace a chance
no I go to Austin Peay in Clarksville, TN
You have to relinquish that control on a film
Ugh I hate all this fighting that's going on in my life...
Happy #EcoMonday to you as well, thanks for the mention!
..and yes there will be a need for more computational rendering for it. ;)
Dad's playing portal 2! Yay!
353 remaining here at the UC! FINS down 54-53...LETS GO!!! #fearthefin #maconmadness TIME TO RISE UP AND FINISH!
how was your honeymoon? I have tickets to see you in Cleveland. Mike
ha! I'll even fly the pussy to me!
Final preparations underway.... We're heading for Kentucky for #bourbonchase tomorrow.
DailyHookahTip#97: To properly clean your hose, grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out.
I'll always be your girl no matter who gives me free chipotle. Promise.
sometimes i love them so much it hurts but other times i just have no feelings wtf
We find that at the Archives! RT : I think everyone loves "behind the scene 'secrets'", that's why I got interested in museums
Aww, thanks :). I definitely needed instructions to accomplish all those things, however.
I need more Followers
Only in L.A! On "Shahs of Sunset, " billionaire client Mohamed is building a $60,000,000 home and they're using pre-fabricated fireplaces.
*sigh* I liked the old Twitter better. All this junk on the left is no good. Plus, I miss the "conversation" speech bubble. :(
Basketball Tournament, Magic Show, Live Music, Boxing much... much more!
My right side of my head hurts.
lol good idea
you are certainly not a hard person to find ;)
Wish I could enjoy these nice days without my shitty sinuses...
gah! I've had that done. Icky painful and all that.
Just may be the BEST #keylimepie I have ever made!
#TonyOprahChat I am past coach for Tony and would love to connect with other coaches and/or consultants. We had awesome network/sharing.
bitches get on my nerves #youknowwhoyouare!!
You should send me a post card with all your "spare change" :) Skype tonight?
Everytime I think about what the next 4 -6 weeks have in store for me I freak out a little. It's exciting.
Come join us for diner tonight! We look forward to seeing you (:
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
CCT professors, Dr. Linda Garcia and Dr. Kim Meltzer are presenting now on "Developing Research Questions" in the CCT lounge -...
Thanks for your reply!! What types of people make up the interactive team?
i hate burning my fingers with the flat iron -_-
Milwaukee vs. Butler Tonight 8 p.m. @ U.S. Cellular Arena - Live on ESPN...Winner dances on to the NCAA tournament...Believe!
simpler question: Is it OK to have a cookie? Answer: Always.
Thank you, Tom, and all. #Piacere !
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
At the TTI/Vanguard re:Learning conference. Lots of discussion of how STEM education can be furthered in the States (a focus for SI too).
What a good idea - I have a few events I could use my own clothing sponsors for. Started posting wish list on Pinterest :-)
Nope, tonight I was on the high home plate camera!
If you'er a tattooed women, call the Scotty Davis show on FLZ 1-800-409-9393...need to run somthing buy u!
my first one took about 4 weeks, my 2nd 3 months. what are you using to clean it? :)
@ the spital wit my old dude & I must say deez senior citizens r fukkin over deez spring chickens I want sum of dat widow money
I LOVE MY FOLLOW PROFAVOR Thank you for your
hey. I can't sleep either. What's up?
Who's up for some Freestyle Friday? Share your favorites!
Finally home! It's a great feeling :)
If you're not part of the solution...you're part of the problem. Why so many missing adults and nobody seems to care?
you sure havent.
anytime! Thanks for a great session!
Dont know if I wanna listen to my mom scream for Kobe and World Peace! They can do no wrong. Meanwhile poor Shaq gets every time he appears.
Thank you
En route to Vancouver
Correct but traditionally locals handle road closures.
yes he was
shouting out "Flotsam" Children's Transmedia Storytelling at
[] single [] taken [x] waiting for someone not to break my heart:)
dont be gay, get a tattoo today
Only 2 days left, may as well try and make the most of em, lol joke I have to revise for ICT
They say a year in the Internet business is like a dog year.. equivalent to seven years... it's evolving fast and faster. - Vinton Cerf
Beautiful day for a run in Central Park. Then get to watch The Masters while I work, not a bad day.
Looking for a unique & yummy gift for mom? RT 1 day left-10% off on Spring Floral Cookies for Mother's Day! fb.me/IQRDjGPD
what kind of footage made final cut?
1pm USMNT v Italy Viewing Party
Why am i so pussy to talk to women -.- fml
I did, and passed it on. Thanks!
I might go visit you this coming week!!!
Plans for the Los Angeles SLAM Basketball Academy completed & launch date is Sept 1, 2009. Pro Bball Training & Skills Development 4 youths
I'm sure youd love that ^_^
So you are one of those Twitter tough guys huh?
Londonup! has now joined the Diversity Platinum program. Go to www.londonup.com for more details
Everything worked well on my iPad. Looks great too!
RT Good luck to all you still trucking along w/me. Congratulations to all of you who have made it!! Woot!
If you have great "Content" they will come, and if you don't, they won't.
lol that made me sound so creepy...
Why do you leave your computer on at night? You don't leave your car running while you sleep.
not sure but it's some time at the beginning of May.
haha that sucks
Back at it again...
and I are on the way to photograph Jason & Ofelia's wedding!
Cant wait to see the avengers tonight
RT I would like to distribute your product in Canada.Who can I speak to? TY ! we are sohappy you like our product!
Wow, that sucks. Is there an announcement somewhere? Can't find it. Trying to find out why.
Playing draw something with cute girls
Picture day and I have really bad razor burn.
#HappyEaster, world! Easter brunch with several families we're close to. Ready to stuff my faccee.
lol this guy
are you kidding me? how did i get so damn sick!?
VooDoo respond quickly with a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush. Game tied 61-61.
You heard her. Be there! ;)
I'm going to go with "NO... THAT'S DISGUSTING!?"
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
follow back so I can DM you.
Fuck dude thats not the way to talk to a grl....
Right! Yes!
library construction messing up the call numbers in the Euro history section
Fuck the idea of a relationship. They don't work. I just want to have fun.
#TimeOfOurLIVE Get this trending!!!
were you telling me you knew of a good home BP monitor? If so, what do you recommend?
This plane connects to Denver. I've never been there.
Thank you for the RT dear!
We have a crush on librarians.
That might work.
What will happen when I go there? I will check it out!
Everything's ok, my dads been sick. It's been a long winter. Thanks for asking! Congrats on ur thesis! Graduation day ahead!!!!
Great spring day. Sunny, warm, beaches full, water clear and warm. Love it!
-- keeping cool / in the deep night / strangers on a bridge #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Thanks for coming & sharing your pix!
At the game tonight. Matt Moore and Brian Matusz. What pitcher gets there ERA below 5 first?
Last Research Paper for the year!Almost done
All good no worries, I just wasn't if you knew and thought you might like it, if you can't get it all good : )
We surely perish for the lack of knowledge...
#WW --kindness and happy tweets from my twitterfriend ---
#woowoowoo you are the best! Good luck tonight! You rock!
TD has stopped working on my Android tablet. Also, does not sync colunms with Windows version. Any ideas?
Its been a cold day in the field.....is that's why its named cold calls:-)
So yea... I'm almost at 24k.. And when I get there I'm gonna post a really random funny video of me and one of my baby cousins.. Wahhhhhhh!
follow me plz
Yumm.... thanks for sharing, and Happy Friday :)
we run a $50 freeroll daily for everyone RT : Why are all DailyJoust freerolls for new players only?
score! Thx much.
pretty interesting. Not surprising
One place understood helps us understand all places-Eudora Welty
New life goal- be able to play Ratatat's 17 years on the guitar.
Yea it's 2:30 and I'm drinkin so f off
I swam in the ocean today; I had forgotten how amazing it feels to be tossed around by the waves. Mother Nature, take the wheel.
Ah such a good concert! Great artists!
My hour and fifteen minute class just got out in ten minutes
I've really had a good day :) was outside about 75% the whole time
I don't look in the past to correct wats goin on now, u either with me or u get left behind, and I will leave u
At the dine in theater amc about to see Paranormal Activity 3
I love having my hair long and all but doing it is such a pain.
thanks! finally figured out sibelius! Good to know if I get stuck...
heading to Sunny San Diego on Thursday!
Basically my whole family but me got Jason Aldean tickets for tonight
Kte I just wouldnt take tou as a short rib taco or Kogi Hot Dog kinda gal, best shit or not. I've seen the truck
lol right right
Cauliflower is my new potato.
im like a bat, i sleep all day and come out at night
it's so picturesque!!! I love it.
Cross a few creeks, yeah & a couple little shacks
Have a new found appreciation for sour candy... The slight kick of sourness keeps me awake in class. And its yummy!
¡Ajua! RT : Tribute to the one and the only Selena. #Texas music in the house! ¡Ajua!
My mom gets me bent so I just "k"d her -.-.
Keep my sister out yer filthy dino mouth, FB! You daggum troublemaker! BTW, do you have any free t-shirts?
KG shooting a jumper near the 3 point arch would have been better than the Rondo jumper. FT's and turnovers are killing the C's.
Today's affirmation: I trust that the universe will always meet my needs.
Yes!!! Please school these ppl. RT : And this is why I'll be writing a Fan Questions: Don't Be That Guy piece before SDCC.
lmao! I luv taco spot hopping. Except #RS (real Siri) she's a bi*tch out here and won't tell me where anything is at ;(
's life span
I think #highered needs to put limited resources into channels that deliver maximum results. Google+ doesn't cut it, IMO.
I'll be sure to keep an eye out for a fellow Texan at #NACE12!
I have a few disposable cameras that my kids must have used many years ago. I wonder the same thing. Photos of tiny thumbs?
“: that was live...thank you in yoda-speak: wall of sound and sonics you are” thank you for making the night!!
I was a finish line attendant for the Capital Challenge. Collecting bib numbers because they don't use chips (For whatever reason)
dud wtf so you guys went to a diff party?! and drank?
no problem thanks for your support
you're welcome and thanks for the laughs!
Learning about the #creativityhabit with Yes I am multi-tasking on a communication addiction medium.
Kundera. "The Farewell Party" - so much lighter, so much frothier...and, yes, so much more serious
Fuck this bullshit!? People r getting on my fucking nerves with all this drama bullshit!! Ah
Mr.D's Tip of the Day:When choosing paint colors for the exterior of your home go with lighter colors. Darker colors fade faster.
Ill always love you , forever a Mahomie <3
looks good, im definitely getting some coffee from BG's when i come this weekend! :)
secret :D
; like why can't i hold conversations or crack funnies w/ people via twitter!? Isnt it what's its for right! it is an social network.
we should!
I'm gonna continue my life, drama free because youur no longer involved.
So, who do you think will go home on Idol tonight? I'm thinking Lauren.
Love that song!!!
Fuck it, i was completly fine till today
A 140 character count confines & unintentionally obfuscates. All I wanted to say is I enjoyed the accountability & conversation.
May i say please, sources of abuse (violent self serving arrogance acted out) r ugly; an UPforearm across the nose might help
I prefer oak ridge over jones
anytime dear! xo :-*
just waking up lub u homie send ne the pic of me and nova you took last night
Yea like Justin Bieber would ever follow me he doesn't even know I exist.......... But never say never
Kevin Green #RockTheReTweet enough said
Eating Cookies Cookies Cookies Cookies(: Or also known as Oreos!!!<3
Thanks bro!
o stop it qt u r 2 sweet
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets. One of us is originally from Rolla MO. Go Cardinals!
I wonder what thinks of all his #MahoneBodyParts having twitters ?
hello to you too!! 10 more days till Catchers and Pitchers!!!! YANKEES!!!!
does you picture blink or is that just my phone?
The average Israeli makes 15x as much as the average Palestinian, yet in 2005, the US gave Israel more than $2.6 billion in aid.
Awesome! I collected milk ads in the '90s, but I blame (then) youth and bad taste. Will def hold on to Newsweek issue awhile.
I just love going to Good Records. Favorite record store on Dallas :)
Season premier of The Office tonight. You know its gonna be awesome
M, I can see why the birds like it!
OMG YES. And that diaper! That was the scariest thing ever. And we straight booked it back to your house lol
I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all
is driving through the Artichoke Capital of the World.
lol...that is an #awesome background on your twitter homepage
work~finish my work~ go go go~
Star gazing would be cute. Take me?
she is my little lol
Andino Fuck You!!! Oh what the hell, let me watch the Spurs game. :)
I wonder when people will realize I remember everything you say to me. Good and bad.
Apparently on the 1st day of tour, I said "I love my Horse Feathers an' I get 'em where they need to go." It's been quoted every day since
Did you find a job?!
Almost blew up the bus rocking out some fire works. look for video soon!!
Adobe Muse is InDesign for the web. My prayers were answered. Get the Beta version to try out.
I know you are finished. You were fin before you got started. Go put your head on your Dawkins pillow and have a good cry.
That's excellent.
My packing routine involves methodically packing electronics, followed by frantically stuffing clothes into a duffle bag.
Welcome new followers: , Like us on Facebook.
Anuptaphobia (sp?) Sucks.... it keeps me up at night.
Too busy to breathe, but I AM gonna run
Big XO to my partner
is there stuff for him to do dealing up to July 4?
I Would Probably Bang On The Door until Keisha Comes Like "What U Want?" Thats when I jump in the bus & find Princeton room
Dog is the Mullins, SC so-called Dalmatian - the white one that looks mostly bully but with faint spots. Still not approved.
totally working on it ;) I just gotta get a couple nails tomorrow to get the pictures on the walls, then I'll take some ;)
thanks Amanda for the support and follow I hope to get to pittsburgh one of my good friends lives there checkout
Young. I really think that's pretty much it.
I picked up some new linens for food photos today...I'm super excited about the colors!
yea buddy
Sure didn't know that its such a nice weather outside and I've been in my apartment the whole day.
Mine is mental exhaution as well as personal. :)
You're the sweetest, Courtney!
So much for sleeping late oil burner problems GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Tired of the constant "Apple" probs.
That final was easy.
that's a wrap! Principle shooting is done for the video of 'The Media Taught You That'. Thank you to everyone that worked with is today!!
Go to setting and click your username thingy or profile ! :D
Selling steak with the Myles Hayes Trio at the Chicago Firehouse. 7pm.
I'll house you- The Jungle Brothers 1988
OMG!!!! Things are getting crazy!!! And may I say that scene was actually pretty frightening!!
are you teasing us crystal?
thanks for the follow, go checkout out website !
Watching adaptation.
Ugh my stomach hurt I guess I ate more than I can bargain :{
do you see me at the airport?
looking forward to being there..added "how to write a $250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
HopSlam Carrot Cake anyone???
I use Google Maps street view to take a look at the location of historic photos several times/day. It usually provides depressing results.
In those brief revelatory moments a new woman was emerging and the healing of a bruised and tarnished soul was manifesting itself.
I see you keep up the good work. This game is a non stop grinding process...
I call BS. You my friend are a Lyre
After all my years on this planet, Im still learning how not to let my pride get the best of me :-/
Became an Aunt today & I'm in Myrtle Beach with
hopefully the #Mariners can eventually sign or find some protection behind Montero.
Yay to the tech team
It does feel good. I haven't been this size since college around 1983. (after I gained the freshman 15) Good luck to you!
damn didn't know you ever went to that,anyway are you going to pull another all-nighter for no reason at all haha
When summer hits, there is no stoppin me. I can promise u that lol
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
If robots celebrated Labor Day....
would love to!! Let's plan for the next two weeks? welcome back!!!
": If 1 mo person tell me I look like Melo ima go look for LaLa"LOL BOI who u tellin I get I look like lil Wayne everyday!!
It's the best day ever: Taco Tuesday! We won't judge how much you eat at our lunch buffet (including chicken enchiladas) for just $8.95!
what u doing tom night for the game?
NEWS Campus gas leak repairs are completed, free laundry will be gone tomorrow, campus email explains.
Love how they don't bleep a 70ish tearing marine on FOX news that's FaF
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun...wth, that's such a lie accepted as truth!
We're celebrating National HIV Testing Day (6/27) by offering 2 for the price of 1 HIV testing. Call us at 877-411-TKNO for more info.
HEEEEYYY! How are you?
Know any good wine bars in Rome you'd recommend serving natural wines?
what is up with Pujols?
Stress is the opposite of freedom
So I realize I'm a day late and a dollar short, but this switcharoo episode of Glee is weirding me out.
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions just ask me :)
O my goodness this movie just got really freakin creepy
S/O to Triple OG #ForeverFly supporter
Vernon Davis is the MAN!
Will do thanks! Just was curious
Apparently not enough according to the Energy Sec.
Only following cause I like content :)
the girl has numerous properities and houses here in Australia and millions of her own money!
Just sent information to all #DHSIColloquium presenters. Can't wait for #DHSI2012!!
On this #PresidentsDay we recognize the men who have led our great nation and we commend them for their admirable service to our country.
Accidentally created a recursive tag structure in SVN. My day will consist of cleaning that up.
dont u just hate dreams like that...
Or I could pull a Lil B. -Jul J
Bring your friends and come to the FFL to see The Help tonight at 630!
took me a while to realize conservatives were upset about derrick bell, not derek bell
ADAM RODRIGUEZ ON THE DOCTORS AMDBFHDKDTJRLELRKSS.ILRUDDGLOLFGMSVS HE IS SO FINE
Put that bra on for me, baby.
Can't believe no one is talking about yet another Buzz-cut at
« To bring out your best, avoid using sarcasm, silence or secrecy to keep others from knowing you. #GeminiTip»
Tomorrow! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! Groundhogs day Celebration @ SCC GA! Free Re-Phils of drip coffee, with receipt. Stop on up!
Smells like fall, feels like summer, AND it's Friday? AND it's October?? AND the Tigers advance??? And the Lions play Monday night????
If Texans stay healthy (Especially Schaub, and Andre), they could very well win it all. Or at least make it to New Orleans
She was way ahead on this story, deserves the prize. MT: , 24, wins Pulitzer for coverage of Penn State sex abuse scandal.
Recording Forever & Afters new song... Don't Look Back almost there!
I'm up to 80 degrees on my knee brace! Find out Thursday when surgery is.
Working late. No fun. Now welcoming and RT.
Chaminade might just beat Oklahoma. That'll be their sixth win ever in the history of the Maui Invitational tournament, I believe.
Many Thanks for the uploads. Cheers, Love!
I know right? I'm getting M lego figure ones for his birthday too!
Integrated Marketing summit Oct.8 Bringing thought leadership to kcmo.
Today is a good day for sst...nyc and big oppurtunities await us...let the fun begin!!
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuee with nothing. Look where my family and I are today.
Love isn't easy. Its a game of give and take
I am hungry as fuck ! No food at the house either -_-
updating the look of my twitter page
Cuz through the drama I can always depend on my mama <3
RT : I highly suggest the wings! SYP:Thanks for the support! See you soon.
“: Losing Larry King & Rick Sanchez in the same month...CNN dead. Oh wait, it already was?”
Dear people hating on Paul. See that red x in the corner of your screen. Press it please. Stop being pathetic.
Thinking about
have a great weekend!
Happy hour! (We started 3 hours ago. Shhhhhh )
yes love, it's working and going straight to iTunes. L.A., CA
woah... i hugged that
please follow me, thank you.
#Knock has become an official sequel to #Rising. Funny how those things happen. -JO
Just left Quinet's Court Restaurant in New Martinsville for Easter Buffet! I may not need food again until election day. Stuffed!!
Did you get anything good at Hobby Lobby? I visited Parris Island with my sister (we're down in SC).
I'm sorry brother, one will come soon trust
It's kinda awkward when your just chilling in your living room with you parents and a commercial for vibrators comes on :|
i love mrs.bev she got mr donuts!!!
Pass it this wayy! Ill pass minez GrapeApe-MrNiceGuy-Skunk OG time to fuse! RT : Juss Rolled A Fatty For Me N
girl bye!
I'm on top of the world and it's amazing 😁
I'm just happy anyone else is wearing sneakers.
200 mph is starting to feel normal now.
Do that man RT : Sounds good. I'll keep in contact
#USAirways can't fly into DC because of "fog", but #Delta can. Strange.
So if ANYBODY talks about my Lakers losing tomorrow , they're getting cut off !
Missy Elliot Is By Far The Hottest Female Hip Hop Artist In This Game Right Now...To Me!!! Can't Wait For Her To Drop The New Album!!!
from Madison Media Institute is attending #smbmad #ford. These guys know media. Hope you enjoy the presentation Rich
Friendly reminder: do not wear perfume to any kind of audition. For any job interview. Actress cleared the room out today. Migraine anyone?
I'm still working on jewelry and I sell before I can put it on I love it!!! I'm making a special line for my sisters
I'm not a beast babygirl imma fu+kin creature....
Thanks for the follow love to send you samples of our new Just DM me your address!
Stupid boys dont know how to make up their minds. You dont get both girls, bro. You get one or the other. You're pathetic.
I'm out : I prefer shallow women.... vaginally speaking
we'll go together. I want 8 oz!!
It's most definitely what she said. lol!
Goodnight to my amazing #RusherFamily iloveyou guys!!
Wouldn't be right if I didn't wish my parents a happy 31st Wedding Anniversary... Beautiful thing man, beautiful thing..
Happy Groundhog Day- we need more winter snow
I through in a bit of Jesus Children of America and he went down like Frazier...
we need them numbers lol RT : Almost at 2000! We feel semi special!
aikido? i like it! have you ever drilled Blauer's SPEAR? It is a great concept for CQB and a great bridge to your next move!
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We save you #money on your insurance through the internet.
well now I have the tools here..can fix in a few hours..getting all in one spot has been the pain..never your phone
I looked at coverage that related this case to larger issues: patter & practice by Sanford police (BlackVoices)
Whoa don't forget the astute Prof. Derrick Bell. Probably started smiling!
my sister is such a copy cat
Trademark Research Analyst? Boring! From now on, I am The Trademark Cowboy, herding trademarks through open USPTO Federal database pastures.
You've got to see Thunder Knocking on the door playhouse in Park. Acting music..the guitar players and drummer are awesome!
Hey and - check out 's avi. That's what the dude on the shirt looks like up close.
"YOLO" is actually the reason why you SHOULDN'T be doing a lot of these things people tag it with.
Heading to Kansas City MO for Corporate Acceleration Training.
nahh she dont! no one does. and never will <333
not like a drink or eggroll. That would be messy.
Austin is getting so big, awh.
u in town??
I'm doing my best!!
And the winner is.... , thanks to all that participated! To the winner- Please DM us your shipping info!
- Sergio from UNMC here! We met at CT2011. Good to see you
Waking up next to youu >>
We just finished 6 weeks man. Loved every minute of it. How do you get to where it's consistent?
we would LOVE a class on digital marketing!
Ashley! Whats up? How you been?
Wow, one BIG diff between Seattle and Phoenix is the brightness and color.
Yep she's super talented!
I want some! : So Are Those Jordan's Gone Sell Out Tomorrow?
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival. Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
not to rush u guys at all but i hope my phone gets a call in a second cuz im tryed of watchin these hicks.
Good luck and at x games!!
Nick Can i Ask youh a Question it's an ICONic Question :D Plz :) :)ILYNickMara<3
Ah, so you gotta call me out like that now? I see how it is. I see... lol
Rub it in, why don't you, ? Still, we're enjoying Austin-like weather in DC. I'll console myself w/ a breakfast burrito tomorrow.
We will serve ice cream & sorbets at #kettlehill!
Content is king. Data is king. Viewer is king? Three different opinions
I don't know what #HIV advocates you have talked to but we are spreading knowledge about
#PPI's or #proton #pump #inhibitor #acid #blockers associated with increase #risk of
RT : Sabrina the Teenage Witch would have lasted about five seconds at Hogwarts. [lol!]
Dancing. Japanese. Sperm. I cannot even with this right now.
About to eat some fake chicken
I have the HUGEST crush on I've been watching Beyond Survival all evening, perfect night off.
Just ordered my first pair of audio cubes from ! Looking forward to playing with them
the awkward moment whenu think the worst thing is gonna happen to u and then it does
Yes, wish me luck! Same to you too.
Always be true yourself
yeah...saltwater finally got to the F5 and the M4-P had recently been dragged by a horse for no less than a million miles.
hold on judge I gotta secret document for you to read... "FIF"
Which is what I'm doing right now.
Look out for another safety here...
If he RTs your RT of his RT of you, an angel dies.
Flying to DC for work. Of all days... very somber feeling in the terminal.
Even tho i really need a bigger studio space to record a rock band for the beat but ima work w/ what the Lord has blessed me with
u proly wont believe me cuz im not andy but he says they dont tell their religion cuz it shouldnt matter (cont)
thank you for doing that this morning <3
Young Hoes pushing 85yr old Men around in Wheelchairs talking about they in Love.. That aint Love, you waiting on him to Die!
#AlphaOut. This alpha needs to recharge for a day at the beach.
=) Thank You Giannina! Appreciate the Love!
Spotify distracts me more than anything. But I can't focus without listening to a good song, so...
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading. He lives in Madison, WI. Reach out 2 him. You have benefitted.
Congratulations Jesse, Chris and Aric! Welcome to the college graduate club!!
They still make them. I see women wearing them as outerwear at sci-fi conventions all the time.
Genital ulcer #diseases like #herpes can occur in all areas of the genitals, even if covered by a latex
Lol! I didnt know so many ppl arent fans of Confessions for walking music...I will update my Zune :-)
Hey, did you make the birthday video for Ryan?
I can't stand her
Anybody on bfc??
Good luck to all those running the Lakefront Marathon this weekend!
I just meant, do *you* feel like our social media is connecting *you* with the museum? That is our goal. You!
WE LOVE YOU MORE
Happy birthday
haha, actually, she probably was!
Wow... the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs - Amsterdam Zuidoost
Check out my facebook for cool bike pictures. Road to Sturgis. Become a fan too!
What is your username?
no problem!
We will be giving away a FREE twosome to Sanctuary in a few hours!
Back home...really tired...so over drama
i </3 cigars
That's great news. Now, extend the delivery area north by about 1/4 mile and I'll be a regular delivery customer.
You better watch your back.
Great to see everyone at the #GREE party last night, thanks for coming by!
dose Yates position remind you of Tom Brady when bledso went down
Bill murray during this cubs game>>>
As are most things in life. Ill leave you with those words. Goodnight squirt!
#fiesta with Celebrating with a taco salad!
fuck summer;; skip that shit and go right to winter
drug ballad is hands down one of my favorite Em songs
thanks for the follow
Hey ! Guess who I had lunch with... Ready to be jealous? It was Yep, yep! She's an amazing woman.
That showed how the Brewers feel about Soriano.
Creative sex >>>>>
Headn to the fair
Lol He said cuffin a go is a no no. lol He not never lyin tho
lol so... Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland...?
Horrible Day today, so I got a manicure to compensate
with a streamlined notice and takedown process, infringement online would be greatly reduced
Sign up for Harriet Fulbright College's Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course and travel the world or find a job at home
You are too kind, that means everything to me.
He's actually wearing a shirt that is too big. What is this nonsense?
Thanks for spreading the word about our flash fiction contest! I hope you enter.
I don't agree with very often..but he is right this the media's fault. Voters do not care about this stuff.
One Of The Best Songs On Take Care Is Cameras.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.#HoeGoHam.Problems Bitch.
I'm sorry :'( follow my GF and I can tweet sometimes from hers
What is the world coming to?
Big Deal: Russians Court Luxury Real Estate With Record-Breaking Sales The real estate market in the United States may still be slumping,
I'm doing good.. Just got down from the mountain!! I'm exhausted :)
Did mosquitoes get placed on the endangered species list? This insectless Wisconsin summer is kooky awesome.
I guess I'm over 40 and tryin' to be cool. Love hangin' at 720
It will be a good game! Although Kentucky obviously has it in the bag.
ah okay. sorry, i don't see anything else there. there are some email addresses you could try in the pdf?
I was happy with her choice i just wonder if she will change her mind next season. What did u think?
Check out the Brand New video www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
just busy with school & getting ready for an event tmrw.
Nutella for breakfast anyone?
new bakery at 16th and Penn in Penn Arts looks lovely for cupcakes!
Somebodies being a HATER THEY FLAGGED MY VIDEO...
Irony is: no one wants the Blue Line and that's all that's available.
Thanks for the retweet, Ms. Rudd!
Forget that DQ blizzards do not refreeze well ...its like eating freezer burned ice cream
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted pay checks.
please send good luck wishes to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week!
You're welcome! Have a terrific weekend!
thanks so much! God bless!
Hey guys if you are on Twitter, you need to be following your favorite new break out band!
I may not be the cutest, smartest, or steongest, but at least im me and i dont pretend to be someome im not meant to be.
Hmm I will(:
No fuckn fair!my mom's boss get them court side seats! Can't I fit in her bag?
whoa whats that?
#makeawish you goofy bastards. Don't be selfish.
This thing on my toe is burning so bad...
i have over 6,000 views! I'm loving the site!! so much talent!
What? 1-I'm not married. And 2-I was talking about Big Bird. Now had I mentioned Snuffleupagus, that would have just been dirty!
went to the target commerical thing:)
I need to see you really soon!! #imissyou ❤☺
“: Why would he only work out for Denver today?I bet Elway has contract with him.” I'm sure Contract is in hand
getting iTunes charges 4 Justin bieber LOL
“: Wow Prater....you kinda sorta suck.”
Can't wait to move & get out of this city and be
✊Just ran my first + app after a long day of fighting with Oracle products.
now we've been stuck on the Tarmac for 45 minutes!
Cont. "They bark as good Old Saxon as may be, / And in more variety than we." - Summer's Last Will and Testament #comps12 2/2
Tonight at Sports, don't miss $3 Bacardi and Jim Beam!
story this morn the motorcycle cruise for Ronald McDonald house....pretty cool to see over a thousand bikers in leather ride out for kids
That awkward moment when you ask a midget what they wanna be when they grow up..
love u 2
yea I'm a fan
Why does every status have to be about your freaking boyfriend?
Live, Work, Create.
Got rid of my septum piercing only gauges &tattz on me
trying not to think o the amount of work i have to do tonight.
Good Morning and Happy Monday! Did you take time off for the holidays?
Linkfest CODE4LIB pre-con filled up. Can't register. Don't care. I'd sit on the floor to work on my LOD with available to assist.
thanks for the followback Steve. Have a great weekend!
“: I randomly #WolfPackDance around my crib because of ”
Does anyone want me to market their website FOR FREE, going once, going twice
Fun fact: 118 NBA players took an SI survey on who the dirtiest player in the league is. KG tied for second w/ Artest. Reggie Evans got 1st
Hey Chicago! Fight cold with cold...with fro yo! Try the new cherry tart-:)
My zombie novel The Dying Times is now free on Amazon, too. Retweet if someone you know may want it. I'll find the link when not on iPhone
Follow back?:£
follow back?!:)
his catch phrase is stuck in my head. Must make the call.
Hi first saw you off the tv movie "Confessions of a Go-Go Girl", you're amazing!
♥ Beautiful sight ♥
The fact that there is a fictional universe where Pete Campbell could be juggling Annie Edison and Rory Gilmore seems incredibly unfair.
maybe not...
I know we were, and we do! :)
Ah Just woke up...think ill eat ramen 4 brealfast...
Congrats to for becoming our 300th follower! WOO!
Sitting on your bed, thinking of one person and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
I hate baseball.
Nice way to end the half #tarheels! Keep it up in the second.
Wild day for sure!
Let me get out here in these streets.....
somebody payin to much attention to me lol jk
Everyone loves #GEEBZ RT : I am so HAPPY to be back HOME in GREEN BAY,WI!!!
I actually did re read it again buddy...lls
Giants vs Cowboys tonight.
THIS! RT : I think "sand people" is like midget now. They prefer Tusken Raiders.
Not enough time in the day to get the small things done in a day? comes to the rescue!
"Invisible Heroes" OPENS TONIGHT!! Online sales are done. Tix avail at the door. Studio/Stage 520 N. Western Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90004 8pm!
RT Hey no new taxes Tea Baggers, what ya gonna do about GE paying less taxes than those lost jobs (RE: zero)
#NowFollowing ..!!! As real as it gets...
Video of tonight's game winning buzzer beater is coming.
I just reached 666 people I'm following. Will Twitter finally let me follow Satan? I hear he posts phenomenal recipes.
I miss seeing the ShootUsDown videos when Austin & Alex lip-sync to songs.
Get to game 7 Wed. Call 503-236-4295 and ask for the "friends and family" rate. $15 for lower bowl, $10 upper
Idk wht I would do without my mom
If you don't know what I'm talking about then bitch don't comment family or friends! Ugh
Would love to set something up :)
Great games going on this weekend in a city, state, and town near you!
I LOVE YOU BBY!
Wish all my homies lived in LA too
:D thank you. but I want the real deal. Haha <3 i miss you very much and I wish I could hug you right now
Super 8 = Super Great!!!!!
If you are anything like most of the people I speak to in my own consulting business, the truth is,
MBM BAGS FILLED UP WITH FACES
Wondering how these will relate to the Video Round Table fair use study and Video At Risk study on irreplaceable VHS material
Great job the TSA (Troubling Security A$$e$) are doing. They got this terrorist fair and square!
It's a beautiful, cold day in Atlanta. Enjoy d cold & d sunshine peeps ;)
.~.-_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My brother just recorded me kirkin on him so he could show my mom -.- who does that ?
It was so good to meet you all last night; let's share some tequila again soon! you too buddy!
Lol! I gave it up bro lol! RT : I knew was hittin them NBA camps.
I heart movie nights!!! Plus yummy foods! life is grand! Happy Easter Evening!
Feel free to continue the #ypnchat all night long if you'd like! We hope to put out a transcript of the chat by tmrw morn.
i know tis is probably out of the blue but how many ppl sent a pic or mes. for the scrapbook you were makin??
The combination of MLBatbat & opening day fever broke me down. Now if only gameday batter box and the game audio would sync properly.
I kno my mama was drankin heavy wen she carried me cuz Im a lil off but Idgaf, so dont u judge me or my mama
Yea Im shooting for 1-2 brews a week for the next 7 weeks before the comps.
that's cause told us all yesterday
#Stanford defense is top 80 in country + is causing #UMass problems in half court, but they're out of control on fast break. Need to breathe
Hey Tiffy here, wishing you an amazing weekend :) Much <3 always!
way to no show us today. Thanks
If I die tomorrow, all I'll look forward to is seeing my grandmother again, finally. <3
hahah I love you, I'll see your amazing face tomorrow (; ha goodnight <3
Today is a day to rejoice. New episodes of are back!
Considering I slept 16 hours last night..I'm okay with the fact that it's 9:06pm and I haven't started my Calculus project due tomorrow.
Thank you for the follow. If you know of a publisher, let me know. Nancy
RT : Creative block: not lack of ideas, but lack of direction or commitment to go down one of those routes -
Nl home run team was awful
ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL
How did he pick you Shirl? Drawing straws or was it names in a hat?
are we sold out?
It's fine by me, if you never leave we can live like this forever, it's fine by me... 
sharing spree looks interesting !
In Phoenix, at the airport waiting for my hotel shuttle. It's sunny, dry, and in the upper 80s. I may weep with joy.
Jazz legend Laurie Krauz has a new mobile site, text getjazzbird to 88704 to hear this voice.
#foodicon. Darn. They could've said "Whole Grains" instead of "Grains." Should've.
I'm excited to hear our support team took such good care of you!
Come to the third Floor....
Thank u for sharing my link
Dumb bitches.
P.s. Fuck justin bieber lol
“: I live life how I wanna live it..u ain't in agreement with it f*ck u!”
New song "Mut" posted!
Not the best time for #Lin to have an off night, but #Knicks still in it.
Just reached 100 followers! Thanks, everybody!
Let's Go Sixers!!!
Getting my nails did with ! FINALLY!
will do when I get home later ;)
To all the mexican'ts who do all the dirty work. Happy cinco de mayo.
hey hey!
Defenestrate - the latin derivative is venestra which means to throw something out of the window.
Swagger jack that sig...some drunk people don't know there place...hehe
Tweet tweet
Only 1 more day until Family Day at Hartwood Acres. Join us from 12-4 on Sunday. Come watch Zany Umbrella Circus and Giggles the clown!
Dislike being Bright. Having marks from anything... Car Door blew closed on my leg now I have marks on both sides it didnt hurt tho. O.o
me 2.i know we have all met him thru his music but 4 some (like u and me) we NEED 2 meet him in person.
hahaha it was to make all Americans be Christians! Basically a dictatorship!
idek where that is. I'm from Oakland, ca.
Glad to hear it. Keep on a-rocking.
Start off the weekend right and get our grilled swordfish Torta with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and COA mayo!
I am thinking about getting a Ford E-350 XLT Super Duty for a new car!
#nowplaying grizzly bear southern point
not sure if "electronic sushi" is the way to go. I like the name though. Hm....gives me a great idea for a new role!
Xbox 360 ELITE and a Lifetime Traffic Edition TomTom GPS TONIGHT!!!
ah, got a good sweaty workout in, now i'm ready to, uh, um...i have nothing to do.
tell idiot pfsr to look at the price of natural gas vs s&d. Prices super low, supply is currently very high! Duh!
Raining hard in #Philadelphia right now. No on-location shoot today, grrrh!
"We are a very artist-centered institution. ...And also, audience-centered." (As if as an afterthought) Common to
| Thanks for the follow! Let's talk!
FUCK #Brady life goes on,yep,life goes on
Only if you smuggle in pupusas that I can eat under the table.
are you all dating?
Chicago recruiting event on 9/30 to interview engr, product dev & IT professionals for jobs Chicago area Email resume
I hate fighting with the one I love the most <\3 I'm sorry Jason
“: so bummed. can't go to Columbus this weekend to see :( gonna go cry now.” no!
I didn't realize it was your last show!! Break legs man and leave it all on the stage!
Drinking the pain away, sober gone far away.
Whoah! Your band plays musical instruments? That's so retro.
peace bro!
Baking with Rinnah for her Discovery Day, costume parade at school, party for Rachel's class, and a meeting - going to be a full morning!
the more drinks I have the more lag I get...and I'm not talking about poker
back behind bars?
We're moving into a world beyond language, my dear. :-)
Looks like I won't be sleeping tonight. Grandparents have the A/C TURNED OFF!!!!
I want a nandos to you little shit!
Hi spider, nice spider. Let me pet you, with my shoe! Haha spider, dead spider.
that's just looks so wrong. Smh
Leighton And Jason Share A Laugh
#TupacFoundALive She is probably related to Pac...
happy hangover day and happy new years
so I'm watchin syttd on tlc and a commercial for one of the weird shows comes...eeww she drinks her own urine...
How high do you think James Franco was?
very reasonably priced too.
Yes he did
lol i hope you get to meet him!
i am seeing signs of life! but waiting until tomorrow to poke more...
Just recorded with the cutest little kitten at Bridgetown!
He still needs to shave his stache. Like.. you look like a fucking Mexican.
that's the case of same names, different people. Believe me, I was shocked when people told me my book is in Barnes & Noble.
Waiting on you to get off the toilet and come chill with me
Feels like I'm treading water but I'm still slowly sinking.
imma need u not to drive sleepy..thats not wassup :/
check my tl let me no if you can collab!
Stop it! * voice*
I agree, Jeff. Seems like a slap on the wrist.
not a problem at all. I'm stocked up on my "too cold for this shit" gear.
Softball: First pitch underway between Wilsonville and Rex Putnam at WHS. Wildcats need a win if they want to move up NWOC standings.
where are you?
Welp this is gonna take forever
is the best person ever! I freaking love you. Like I can't even express my feelings. Im in shock
Az Cards at #13 will pick O.L. Or WR
#ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is . fck all that ' well , if , & but '
Thanks for the mention! Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement and EMTs too on www.CopsAlive.com
I would literally poop my pants if I had to face Drago in the ring.
. I saw that too. I guess we're not high-profile enough to know about that place.
Watch for my new posting tonight "Silver lining amongst the Clouds" Amidst my swirl of bad luck there are some rainbows! www.lifeclectic.com
For a 70-yr old, Madonna has kept herself in good shape. #dontbreakahip with those dance moves.
playing with my iphone
Put your clothes in the dishwasher
listening to your TED song remix and giggling. I'M THE CHAMP!
it takes years for some kids to get it
NF follow back.
S.O.S Email city council members! Savethelibrary.org. Don't forget the libraries!
My weed? he roll that. his heart? I hold that. His back? I got that. His girl? I am that. My role? I play that. We happy? They hate that .
not working. Plan is to start drinking when I wake up. Hit us up. We have three cases.
Would $450 dollars in gas cards help you? Tune into the CBS 58 Morning News to find out how you can win them in our Great Gas Card Giveaway!
it's 60 and sunny here in Louisville!
As Coach Bielema tweeted, the UW football games against Illinois and MSU will be 2:30 kickoffs live only on WKOW-TV!
We all have our addictions :)
thank you!!! Happy wedding planning its fun but I switched to a destination wedding so I don't have to do anything haha
Me n sleep are Always at WAR!!!! I should be the new spokesperson for INSOMNIA!!!
Shidd whatup Cedar Green... What the lick read ?.
Hands down this panel has the highest attendance. It's packed in here - desegregating backlash
Goodnight . You deserve it
wow!realy??:o!!will u go there??
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m. Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction <3 And my life was officially changed <3
675 miles logged before we cross the California border. Yeah, we're squeezing every drop of joy out of this state that we can...
Demosthenes~ There is a great deal of wishful thinking in such cases it is the easiest thing of all to deceive ones self.
Wishing I worked near WholeFoods so I could have one of their tasty soups on this frosty day!
it's never too late!!
Visiting SUNY Purchase today
' I swear he stay wanting to argue. . . .
If you're going to faceplant while jogging, try to avoid landing on your i-phone.
I personally don't want to think about this one too much after today.
#tu320 prediction # 11 - we wont see all 10 based on these questions
My day already starting off bad! But oh well maybe tonight will be more easier cause i will be talkin to my babe
My pleasure! RT : Thank you for a great panel!
haha so true! My friends don't know mine lol :D
won't RT or reply to me :/ guess tonights just not the night.
I can't wait i want to participate so bad, sat i have to be home for this.
but the way he's doing it is for the best. Not like "oh im gonna be just like justin"
u did a great job!
our pleasure :)
Omg, i had the BEST dream EVER last night! I met and it was amazing ...
I help my sister wash her car and what do I get? Sprayed with the hose.
Just almost beat this level in where's my water that I've been trying to for fever and lost... Literally about to have a melt down.
We've been friends since 7th grade. She's like the other half of me, and the opposite of me at the same time. Very special.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it. - William F. Buckley, Jr.
b.... im da man yeah i said it
Your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick .
looking forward to my six mile high pace run today. first pace run of my training. shooting for new #PR on 5.12
Loving this tweet..Self righteous morality is jealousy with a halo--HG Wells. ..couldn't have said it better myself..LOVE IT!
Happy Fourth Of July to Everyone..Have a Safe Holiday!!!!!!!!
Have a great day world:):)
Keep your eye out for a brand new UWeekly hitting stands tomorrow for your chance to win some #freecash!
if you drink tea what kind? I've been trying to get into tea bc I'm sick of coffee but idk what's good
How about Montreal?
That moment when you want a cigarette so bad, you don't want to quit smoking anymore <
Goodnight world.
ohh please NO, bears are my team.
u don't need the cig homie :(
Complaints galore today, thanks everyone! LOL
It was dissapointing because I wasn't invited. I guess Seth is not ready for all of this.
love me love me say that you love me fool me fool me go on and fool me
Big K.R.I.T new mixtape raw.
We love it! MT : Hey. Alvin Ailey is not a luxury. That's a necessity! Plus I'm bringing the 5YO. She loves dance!
please follow me
Sometimes, places know it's your birthday RT Giving away #FREE Chips & Salsa to 1st 50 tables each day between Today & Thursday
I hope everyone is having a good day
Watching the on WGN, the Cubs network, because I very much dislike Chris Wheeler
Who's getting voted off?
Goodnight Moon. (Virgo Full this am!)
Another great line delivered perfectly by Dame Maggie Smith.
my little cousin Guero bday party next Saturday ! can't wait.
I don't know who's winning the Kentucky derby, but I do know is knocking Miguel Cotto out tonight
Eh. Agents are agents. There's a lot of agencies that represents athletes from multiple pro leagues, not surprising he got it.
Probably not the "cool" answer, but I'd say books. I always buy books. That or clothes.
Hendo is playing brilliant
Yeah, sounds great. I'd be in to something not too long that ends up in a lake or something.
Watched the Summer Girls video by LFO and was given the gift of laughter once again. Those lyrics are the worst!
it's so pretty. It's a monument to relaxation. Though a couple yrs. ago the meditation colors failed to calm Princey vs. Mota, ha
No problem! You'll be fine!
did someone say give head ?
Yes! The Mayan priests & scribes just gave us another 7000 yr extension to work stuff out. The Dec 2012 end-date Cal was an unfinished job.
Thank so much for helping spread the word about #mkefoodiehunt today!
Shelly goofy azz stay in folks face so they won't put her on the block. Tell me why am I watching BBafterdark right now?
Twitter has been way better than the game tonight.
I am sfo right now. I get in around 11 - and then a workshop tomorrow. Are you sving?
Play before you get played. Leave before you're left.
how does a guy get a job there?! LOL!
Regretting signing up for classes that force me to stay in the newsroom from 8 am to 9pm. Pain.
it's over lmao. And y'all still not winning anything this year
love you guys <3
No sweat. Hey, a huge part of my job involves inviting people to disagree with me. People like you help me do my job.
Isn't everyone up?
Eww, Adobe Air.
hey sexy friends, who are you following and why???
Aw...Octavia Spencer is the best.
#MahoneFact Austin has a dog named Angel.
Be sure to catch our very own tonight at 9 pm, playing the alongside & ! Gonna be a party! :)
good to know! Thank ya! X
why must I be all dat? Lol
yes. Finally a sunny day. Got a day pass for channel rides. Relaxing way to spend final day
thanks we love johnagin you are the best
I have not seen ONE macaroni card. I thought this was mother's day? WTH?
me too! Can't wait!
How Come Every Word I Say Is Always 'Talking Back' In My Parents Minds: P
BEC event becoming a bottle tax rally.
MAJOR TAX ADVANTAGE...... Did YOU know that as a home based business owner, if you log your milage for 90 days ( business and other trips )…
DQJ, Congrats. We create Twitter backgrounds for many of the Browns. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if UR interested.
Deep in the cell of my heart, I will feel so glad to go
Hi Lori! Thanks so much for the follow! I actually enjoyed reading your short post & will check out Jacques Pepin's memoir! :)
Well that goes without saying. ;)
It's all fun and games until someone gets pushed in the pool.
Things that are awesome: appreciation for what you have, finding the good in people, telling people how important they are to you.
50 attendee tickets will be available Tues at 9 AM. Room for 150, if we get more sponsor money. bit.ly/fWOb8
did you go listen to the new song?
Hey, thanks!!! Maybe now my family will be proud!
#SometimesIJustWant to close my eyes and disappear from this place.
Hm...thanks!
congrats, you're a beautiful girl, wish you much luck!
Ted Dibiase was MSW #2 face behind Junkyard Dog. Best friends, JYD was DiBiase's best man in his wedding.
AUSTIN MAHONE'S NEW SONG IS JUST AMAZING OK. LIKE IM IN LOVE WITH IT.
When pain becomes pleasure, it’s time to start over.
I'm no pitching expert, but that seems like an issue
4 showww just let me know
Hey my darlings!! How are you all?? Hope you're having a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!! Xoxo :] ~Cat 💗♥
EPTI... MEGA RUN...EPTI got reinstated by Joseph Bartel the Reverse Merger King. he does GOOD companies too..he did HRID which went to .07
tees off at 1125am coverage on at Noon
Happy birthday :)
You just wait, & w a i t...": So twitter on my phone refuses to update my mentions column, not really sure how to fix it..."
Obama extended them, so why aren't they the Obama cuts? He could use the PR.
just defined #sla2009 in Tagalus, hope I got it right!
I kinda feel like Annie in Bridesmaids. Even though I've never been a bridesmaid.
I'm proud to say that there will be a rotating trophy for the champ of this league. It's an old baseball trophy, but still.
ill give you one, ok?(:
swear to beer
If writing is rewriting then the #digital version of #California is a brand new vision. #issue1,
it was not good “: I don't plan on listening to Glee's version of "Mean" to be honest.”
I kinda have had enough of people being mean and I'm going to start tweeting back instead of just RTing things. Just to warn people.
chase your dreams! WIN "whats important now"!
I haven't seen MP, tho it's on the list. The 2-in-a-row question is really interesting re: pacing and aesthetics...
People are irking my nerves extra hard today!
Just saw your note from earlier today...I hope you DO win those tix from Y108! Keep tryin'...ya never know. :)
Heyy, Can you FOLLOW me PLEASE (:
Bahah it's okay. I was really confused at first. xD
it was an okay drawing at best would ur idea of paradise involve a beach/vino rojo/music/dancing/sunsets/studs?
Thanks for the #ff!
Which barnyard animal is a famous #painter? Vincent van Goat!
Why you all salty at me man??
My hands go up. And they stay there. Lord help me with the up down. Pray for my hands.
First RF site field training!
let me show you what your missing paradise
Its a slow evil slog. I'm literally on an island. =) I hope your Saturday is better than mine!! LOL!
If you want to cut your telecom charges without compromising on quality... call us on 0844 880 2010
The Cadets drill writer is a genius
Just booked Saturday February 5 at the newly reopened Donna's on N. Rampart Street!!! Come check us out and support the legendary club!!!
I just signed the #CutCapBalance Pledge to #SaveAmerica! You should too! via
Fashion district with megan, Charlie and Lola.
I'm not on right now, is keeper of the shout-outs 7p-Mid
jealous!!! I've never done that either...let me know how it goes
Aww I miss my daddy
thanks, friend. it was such a treat to see y'all.
Me too!! Tuesday can't get here fast enough!
movie with
u going dm me it
nothing is sexier than a girl in a white tee and raw denim jeans
except everyone but dan and I (currently in this thread) are far outside of LA... however im def game
The cavs got their hands full tonight. We hit em up.
Maybe it wasn't "an act of appropriation and power." Perhaps it was simply about survival.
what are your thoughts on US southern border control
They tell us to be well rested for OAA's. Dear school, if you really want us well rested, don't make us get up at 6:30 AM.
I'm done searching
Y'alls funny! RT : Southern Phrase of the Day :: A beautiful bride: You look prettier than a store-bought doll. cc
why you're welcome! BTW- come visit TN again soon?! && GIVE ME NOTICE THAT YOU'RE GONNA BE HERE! :P
my dad is someone i cant stand, im not even joking, sometimes i wonder what it would be like if he werent my dad/:
I like this.
News flash. Gonna be hot as fuck in LA today.
Saw #TheWomanInBlack yesterday it was pretty chill =P
Saturday,Denver Sports Nation w/ & starts on 93.7 5pm-8pm guest include &
Had a couple of parents beg me to say the big slide was closed cuz they couldn't stop their child
Got my Party Pants (also sometimes called my easy-to-squat-in pants) on. Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Imagine: Nash, Shumpert, Melo, KG and Tyson as the Knicks starting five.
This morn I see construction sites in rain.
2nd definitely ok with, not sure about 3rd, but always trust #steelers brain trust to find the gems
I believe it's impossible to have 2 faces js lol
If you live in Wisconsin and you don't know who Tempest Heat is, well then, you better find out!
stefanos performing :P
and this is CRAZY<3
OH: "I figured out your problem!!! If you spell your name like Helen Hou-Sand"& i a cute", you are bound to get gross emails". /cc
haha!! I should have known
As long as you're not the CSU Groper...
Guess I can't show up to 1st period because I'll get Saturday School. No thanks.. 😒
fyi, stuff you share on lockerz is frequently upside-down
RT : URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR THREATEN TO PERFORM ON STAGE AT VANS WARPED TOUR 2012
why wont he give me his password but I CAN ask him when I want to use it and he WILL input it for me!!! WTF just give me the password!!!
Thanks ;] RT : I'll wait for it
cambridge Is a bitch I made my hoe
Listening to Fresh Air: Paul McCartney & Fats Waller's "My Very Good Friend the Milkman," song I proposed to my wife with. cc
Lady in front of me at Starbucks just ordered 3 Venti hot waters. What would be the payment procedure for that?
Having a life crisis :/
a ok. Voy a repesar d ciencia hablmos mañana.. Si. Ok bye have a good night sleep. :D
Thanks for the good vibes
What platform do you build on?
I think I'm gonna head to bed. Night!
this is bullshit!!
"You have to trust in something in your life"
All these white suburban fans in Denver are going crazy
Sounds delightful!
when I was younger you would know my Grandma was really mad when she woudl say ""oh Jimminey Crickets" lmao
I'm going to finish board book today if it kills me.
.I wishh I had another player right here next 2 me (: we would be fuckin shit up!
off the top: salem's lot, shadow of the vampire
The snowstorm power outage in the Northeast shows the weakness of kindle and iPad. You never need power for a book. You do need a candle.
It's dreary out, but inside it's Margarita Weather!
You missed beer week? Did you learn nothing at Wisconsin? RT : Apparently it's beer week in Seattle. Why has no one told me?
if i had one i would!!!
they're trying to slowly kill me this week.
Grandpas visitation....
That is a really bad movie. Just press the mute button when watching it.
Really? They were chanting Beat the Heat in Indiana? Careful what you wish for!
I wish. I'm pretty sure the non-compete stuff only lasted a year. Too bad I'm a decent sort of fellow.
lmfao why does his name matter ? He's an middle aged brown guy.
"A Trip Down Superheroes Blvd" accepted to the Hollywood Reel Ind Film Fest, Dec 14-16, 2010. See teaser trailer (attached). more soon...
did the damn thing!
ok I have a good question what else would the texans take in the first if not a WR TE ? Safety LB
tell your Grammy to hit me up
wow, there are a ton of cool people coming to our show on 12/5.. Hope i dont get too starstruck before we go on.. bri
good job.... Keep up the good work
Hawk's Bar & Grill #Madison #WI, sign A United Wisconsin to recall Scott Walker petition at midnight.
she sure seems to think so!! Check some of the tweets I'm cranking out. Thoughts? I'll invite her to
fresh outta LA and my ears are still plugged lol back home and ready to get faded with
She keeps me on the edge of my seat but never fails to disappoint me
#ElvisInAltanta, any elvis sightings in atlanta, lets trend this topic
Shannon Smith Friend me, I have a question for you.
:( Feel better!
Welcome back, students! Enjoy your first day of classes despite the lousy weather!
yes yes!! Please come then!!
Cool dress Carrie Underwood. Good choice to sing with the legend.
Thanks for the mention John! Have a great weekend.
ILoVe that face of yourrs(: Whats your favorite word ??
A thousand words will not give so profound an impression as one deed.
Thank God Its Friday .!
We've developed a specially priced Diet Stack with three of our most popular items: ThermXX, Max Cleanse & Lean, and Max Lean Daytime
Absolutely!!! I'm also coming with my MogulMediaTV Team :)
no, but I'm done with the backlash of me having small moments of venting. Opinions or not, obviously I frustrate people.
Twitter agrees, Ned. Twitter agrees.
That's a great idea. I'm feelin kind of zinny today, What do you think about a Zin and a port?
gym? Check...breakfast? Check.....now read for Sunday Funday!! Ready for the #celtics to get in the #Hawks ass!
I knew we'd get there!
welcome to twitter sir!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
City-Utd this afternoon will be a nice study break
Understand that many people are less likely to buy when they feel like they are pushed to buy
Stupid questions receive stupid answers.
We think you're hungry too. Come grab a bite to eat!
speaking of Nigger. I dont like
Does anyone know of an aggregator that pulls in , and hashtags?
tax cut targets middle class, but an increase of minimum wage to $ 20.00/hour + would improve quality of life for the 99%
RT : There is only one & now you can follow him on twitter.
Excited for that Wiss home game tonight...time to make moves boys!
so sweet be safe.. I love you all <3
whoa mama. Language. Talk like a lady!
So got two baby showers to go to this crazy baby stuff ain't cheap
The more I live the more I realize I love country music.
I think Munchie might come over this weekend, :)
would make a perfect couple with RayRay or Prodigy.... #JustSaying Lmao I just noticed too!!
There's a big celebration going on around here as we toast to Coors Light becoming the #2 beer in America!
is there any place to buy non gmo seeds locally?
So Bored ._.
: My 6 yr old - "Mason said that everyone he touches turns into a Duke fan. He touched me! I don't want to be a Duke fan!"
Too many apps connected to my twitter account, revoked most of access. Lets hope that solves the spam problem.
After watching the special on #Magic last night, I'm pretty convinced that Cookie gets wife of the millennium. Great piece by ESPN.
no one else can see the tweet, but they see his face.
wait wait wait... when was there a SF location created? Closest one I saw to SF was San Jose. . .?
RT : that's why I'm glad for , he's such a good leader
Word.... RT : As Pete Prisco just said, Ted Thompson gets it.
yeah like 15
you wash? Lol
Come and see me perform live at the Bang Theatre in Hollywood Jan 28th in our Live Puppet Improv Show "What Fur!"
RT : Wondering how to #tweetlikeaboss you are now!
I want some
LALakers losing vs. the Thunders...LA were really better b4
#SolarTailgate is hosted at Caleffi Solar, w/ & Ingeteam -all great #solar comp located next to ball park.
Not really": secretly, everybody wishes you were back on jersey shore."
congrat Djokovic for a great match, you remind the number one tennis player for 2012.
"There is no sustainability in any human economic endeavor." -Patagonia founder Yvonne Chouinard
THE HULK is my favorite Marvel Character! Too bad ass!
you got some pretty eyes:)
You would make my day if you came to tomorrow night!!
Thank YOU Kyle! Equally amazed by you and 's work.
Oh yeah , Military Monday ! Discount on Everything not on sale already.. Cheers
tour dates next week YES NIGGAAAAAAA
what are you doing Saturday at 5 am? Want to join us for Muscle for the Cure? :) I know you're a morning person!!
It didn't start yet did it?
that's my team. Only college team I religiously root for.
For a stale and boring team to watch, Spurs arena DJ be havin that hood shit booomin in game
Eternal peace lasts only until the next war. ~ Russian Proverb
You ONLY wanna do it.
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."
You know you love eating vegan, you big baby!
likewise! meant to check tweets each night to see who/what was here, but hostel internet was spotty. breakfast at ohare?
We are working hard to keep our customers up and running. Copiers are a way of life within business environments!
well shucks, could've sworn it was you! Let's just say it was in spirit. ;)
Why VCs Are Getting Into PR by tcrn.ch/wl73wb
Kinda hilarious that everyone in the line to get a cinnamon roll could do without.. Mean, but it's the sad truth.
#RightByMySideVideo OMG SO F*CKING GOOD.. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. DAMN.
5'2"... We're almost the same height
Join us for our Portland Lutheran HS basketball game, celebrating 70 years of Concordia heritage. 7:30 in the CU gym.
Lucky RT : Omg! Randy Orton's working out at my gym! <3333 😍😍😍
UPDATE: appearance on Friday's pushed to 7:45 am Central.
Yaaay .. I get to drive home today .. 5 to 6 hours in a car . And , I'm already sick .
": That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side."
Awkward moment when Dare to Dream is being released in the US now, and I got it back in December... TAKE THAT people from school
Pacers surprising everyone? No, just those who believe that individuals can dominate a team sport.
let's go tomorrow
Really like what you've got going on on 's blog right now. Amazing content, Max!
RT : Wow - the total package. Talent. Beauty. Happiness. Adele is a marvel.
My followers are going up :)
The lovely doing the robot. Don't worry babe, I won't copy.
thanks on follow back much love
I need to get him to wear converses now, and get glasses like
How can someone contact you?
Man it's a great day, no calculus... Just English, a good dosage of the word and lastly formal. So pumped!
Interesting to find out what some people think, especially when they're of you...
Beautiful day in Detroit ...and our teams are winning... Detroit haters Now what?! LOL
Yes. RT : fair use in the classroom: should we be braver?
Looks like this one will be over turned
today: jeans, hoodie, hair pulled back, and not a speck of makeup on my face. #rainydayproblems Sorry if I scare your children with my face.
So quite possibly a lot of the Amtrak people you see loitering at the station are off-duty waiting for a train.
It's easy to find Turtle Park in Schertz. Just look for the flashing ambu lance lights.
Express Promotions is holding a free seminar at the Pfister Hotel, May 4 at 7:30AM, titled Has Social Media Changed Since You Woke Up? Sara…
classy and sassy!
Saw the #shuttle! Looking west down Spring Street
countertop guy 'you can rub a greasy chicken crotch on this all day and it won't hurt it.' who would spend a day doing that?
Darn! I wish I could have auditioned! Come to Arizona some time?
What luck!
I must go to a Big Time Rush concert this summer
Some people are pure evil. And those are the ones who are the hardest to resist.
Four Seasons Las Vegas has increased Resort fee to $25, but book with us we will pay for you. ttp://bit.ly/wbKMFr
I don't need to see the #NPC Figure girls cuz I already know the ROCK!
OMG! My girlfriend is taking me to see #BlueManGroup! Thank you !
Justin just happens to be this generations comparison. Cody may not be as well known as Justin but look at all the hate
Big game toma. I need my soliders wit me. We going for the kill...........Warriors
Pass the edge into glory. Build a Twitter country and all go live there~~ <3
should be happy today was payday. I now fully expect to win that dinner with him & Clooney.
I feel like I jinx everything...
I doubt the veracity of your offer.
anyone have personal experience with the curly girl method? if so do tell...how long u use it and ur opinion
Buzz-worthy video tip: Entertaining/controversial is good but video must have a call to action and should evoke emotion.
#ROBERTSBAD GOTTA TREND
Well hopefully the video Justin posted didn't have anything in the video cause the picture freaked me out lol
Done with the studying for tonight!! Gonna finish watching my show!!!
i want to go lay in bed and watch tv. instead I'm going to lay on the worst worst air mattress and watch netflix :(
We are only 3 students away from enrolling 300 students in our LA Program! #Volunteer today and RT to help us reach our goal!
Portland State University Women's Basketball has joined the Coalition!
why thanks love.<3
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. Michael Jordan
thank you
good morning Alex (:
