Atlas Gold intermittent power issue? - Forums - Model Railroader ...
o_o how old are you
stop saying #YOLO .
Internet for Knicks. either someone in US : The Original Madison Square Garden @ Premium?
PR Tip of the Day: Make sure you pitch your story on a slow news day because hard news will always be covered before soft news.
Titanic voice: Come back 🌊
I am. Thank you, Cari. I wish you many great weeks, too!
Moon Underwater is playing next! Not too late to come out and rock with us at Club Venom!
how is what?
this account not authorized by us () we are the real deal :)
Hi, Billy- hope you'll follow
Is this a Pasadena-wide power outage? Or just my block? Or my fuse box? We don't own AC.
Richards is earning that big contract
nelson cruz is unreal
OHH! I HATE tweet limit SO MUCH :(( Thats awesome that you got off it<3
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
lovely! Thanks hhhehe
it's so hot here omg it shouldn't be 85 in m a r c h
this guy is going to be good! He's under rated on Madden, but made my cut! GREAT for returns too!
That's the number i've been texting you from
remembering that bad things the City tries to do should not be taken personally even tho they can really personally harm me and many others!
Horrible diaper rash today. Poor baby screams anytime I get close to her diaper. Trying Triple Paste now
Also we just got some awesome news that we'll share whenever we can.
Thanks guys!
I have a Twitter problem
The lightsaber is one of the best inventions ever!
Seski find solace in moon over Mt. Bachelor and sparkly water around canoe. See scorpion in stars and learn astronaut train in Oregon?! ROWR
Man with Dean and Deluca's bag filled with money buys the Morton Williams out of powdered sugar. I love grocery shopping on off peak hours.
That reminds me: since they've repainted the walls and ceiling and replaced the microwave, I should take a comparison photo.
So did anyone else feel like the first 15 minutes of #AVENGERS felt like a poorly executed A-Team episode?
Good morning Atlanta! Choose Coffee!
We're stoked, too!
lmao I'm dying.. That random bot
I have never been offended by you PhillyD! I'm offended! Wait...does that mean you have offended me by not offending me?
brrrr, time to hibernate.
Let's talk "behavior rules" at
Absolutely this.
Let's do this..... THE TIME IS NOW! LET'S GO MAVS!
I guess I'm not "for the people" because that video seems to be a bunch of hipster crap if you ask me.
OHH YEAAH ! lol thats who i thought it was, but yeah and when i cheated on @&%$^%$ with ^$^%#^ lol
is contemplating how much I dislike the Twitter fad (oh the irony). Don't get me wrong it has its uses, but 95% of the time its misused.
": Dodgers cant win every game...#StillFirstPlace #Dodgers" /// they finally played a good team.. sweeps coming dodgers fans...
Dear Dude who kept on saying weird things to me (cant judge who ya dont know)
I just had a nice meal out with the kids. My kids are smart, clever, compassionate, and quite silly. I have no idea where they get it.
Someone wrote this on the final :) RT : May the 4th be with you
Caleb Hanie et al are horrendous
really?? Don't put me on blast..geeezz
Consulted with rest of those in my household - not cutting the back yard today
I just wanted to let you know you're not alone of thinking some guys are girls..I'm now a victim. :(
Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, & the wisdom to know the difference
not now
wrapping up a video edit, then preparing for a meeting tomorrow for possible PassTheNotes partners...exciting times ahead, focused!
oh juss asked
Praise be to God for another day. God is good.
Make sure you are following my tweets for !! I just posted some great #instagram photos from this weekend!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 14
Yes if you are one of our followers then you receive a discount on any event or party you book with us....
you go dude. And I don't see any pick up trucks trailing me!
speaking of...Toni morrison's ex was at the abbey last night!
Are you intersted in speaking, sponsoring, or attending one of our events? Visit us at www.opalgroup.net
As much as I wish you would get out of my life, sad truth is you will always be a part of it.
The way I remember Superman? Clark Kent. I liked the end, you didn't.
Sure, you could call it mad cow disease, but you could also call it. Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy. Thanks,
i'm def. going to be peter pan for halloween. This confirmed it.
Sessions are being booked for 9/26-9/30 & we have a few slots left. Call to schedule 602.315.4850 or visit us at www.sparrowkane.com!
Please dont try to tell me your the same person, because your not anymore.
Well thank you “ yes”
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep you posted!
No, he's a pure 2
I feel like all I did this weekend was make food for the kids, do dishes, do laundry, and break up screaming matches. Need a drink
Yeah, of course I like Viva la Vida I'm not the biggest coldplay fan but every now & then they make a really addicting song !*)
Why isn't my life an 80s movie?
Going to Walts and Rubes house to a Monavie Tasting
hey doesnt love you! i asked him if he did, no reply. maybe you should make yourself more sexy for the fag?
I think it's just Elmira if only it was warm and there was a huge party in the street and yeah I'm proud
After a decade of decline.. 2-3 years wouldn't be that long. Could be competitive next year with one good offseason.
Heck of a great night. One more final to go.
Have a great New Year too!
dude...we got it here in Nashville...on just regular cable...channel CSS
Filling in at Moose Winooski's tonight for so c'mon out! Fun begins after the nightly shot toast at 8p!
Terrible game. Sick seats.
Psych final this morning O.o I'm also getting my scrapbook back :)
C'mon Rae...get with it;) ADR stands for Advanced Dining Reservations at Disney World!! So if I say ADR, you say......?
2 degree low in Madison today--stay warm out there people!
I'm sitting next to your twin at the airport and trying to snag a pic but I'm way too close and obvious :/ awkward!
Q6 How abt "Marketologists" who embraces tech to harness connections, extend conversations + repurpose value repeatedly #swxengage :)
Gunna sell all my books back. I'll prolly get a total of $6 for the $4,000,000 I spent...
We are going to start using dm's in order to thank followers. That should cut down on the tweets =]
Tonight at 8. The Masqerade on Hell's Stage. 8 Bands. The Fusion Music Concert Series II. Get your ass there.
Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :)
Watching this Baylor-SDSU game and all I can think of is what could have been 3 years ago... Thanks
On my way to LA for AT&T National Diving Championships. LIVE TV coverage on NBC and Universal Sports! GOOD LUCK DIVERS!
Friday. Come quicker.
I like the way they suck you in! 1 for Heather 0 for Ant! haha
My mother got pulled over for speeding XD ha!
fantastic! Helping inspire customers on how they could use social media for biz is very rewarding - how's it been for you?
Don't watch me observe me you might learn something..
Barcelona? Or do you have better idea? RT : mike!s paying. Where shall we go?
Thank you Sarah for your support! RT : Don't forget to #GiveBIG to your favorite nonprofits today!
here's a sample #edt6060 tweet
They climbin' up the ladder, clear to the loft shuckin those dirty ol' work clothes off. Singin' brown chicken brown cow.
Anyone got Matt Brandes # ?
I'm like the big momma cat.
Want help with computers, job skills, or cell phones? LIFT has a workshop for you! Contact us for info.
Hi, my name is Zack and i'm bored
yes it is. Because I well never mind. I guess not. Haha
Good morning and happy Monday! How will you empower your community this week?
It's going to be a productive and insightful Public Programs Section meeting Fri night at #afs11 - all are welcome, please join us!
I saw that one too, but we are going to the music fest, so we won't be able to do it. :-/
I'm resolved to focus on my health & wellness in 2012. W/out my health nothing else really matters. What's your goals for 2012?
": OMG I cannot wait to see The Vow!!!! #lovemovies 💘"
hey RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,djs join our #Team send us an email if you really whts up b/c "We GOT work!"
Happy Monday, everyone! Did anyone discover amazing art this weekend?
So does my sister-in-law's cat.
makes vetted Credit Card processers bid for your business, for free. Save 40%? Yes, please.
In the mood for some Wendy's
We love our city!
Officially a nittany lion! defiantly doing to Penn State next year :)
Ive been trying to buy a Hyundai Elantra for two weeks now, and no dealership can seem to get the color and model I want!
COMPROMiSE..EVRYTHiNG YOU AiNT GONE ALWAYS LiKE ABOUT SOMEBODY YOU LOVE...
Happy Thursday! What is one thing you just have to have in your new Spring wardrobe??
I have been unsuccessful in reaching a person to talk with at the Orafacial Pain Center for weeks. Please advise.
check out kandizone.com
We're sorry to hear that, feel better soon!
I officially quit smoking cigarettes :)
Those still disgust me. Blueberry Pop Tart + milk.
I know how to bark now....it's awesome!
No Bravo at this hotel! Ahh! Wishing I was watching the #realhousewives drama unfold / tweeting to win an ipad from (@ Hampton Inn)
Nice! Gotta love these GREAT mornings! :-P
Hhahaha I am so disappointed I'll never be able to try any of it. Cheesey for days
Its' Launch Day!!!
also....pisces get in for free
humble hearts,dream intacts,D miracle will come
I'm going to vomit @ this homework
Watching West Wing Episode 85: Evidence of Things Not Seen. "We were on an environmental mission for Finland?"
That is one of the best ones for far with Enrique. I have that same crap with the thyroid -it just makes you tired alot- no fun
I don't have anyone to go with! So if you guys wanna go, we should make a plan to do it! :D
Thanks!!! RT Loving how our science teachers are using NBC Learn videos in their classes! Thanks for this fab resource!
I-Home working this morning. Work will be much better with music today.
Yes indeed cuzzo
dropped a metal pole on my face from the attic..
well, I didn't get to attend the dinner, just the parties. And I was working, so...
So bummed!! Will b out of town. Luv reasons to wear fancy hats too ;) but will b there!!
are you sure it's the designs?
I'm seriously an idiot. But even after everything....got in the car and What Makes You Beautiful was on.... always makes things better.
“: Exactly 10 days ago I PRd at 100lb front squat. Today I broke that at 125lbs :-) yay crossfit” that's huge!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers. He can heal your loved one.
Wow. When did all of that happen?
Tonight, at ground kontrol, I got my ass handed to me in Mortal Kombat 2 too many times to count.
I WAS but you forgot all about me so your boyfriend replaced you 😂
Digital Services Seek a Captive Consumer
catch past episodes at www.youtube.com/dckinteractive 7 episodes for your viewing pleasure!
you have no idea how tired we are here in Wisconsin, we need your back in #wirecall, #BarrettWin =
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those (in translation)
BIG MONEY
No Northern Lights :( sad. Just got to see the big dipper and a shooting star and lose sleep. Gonna be so tired tmr!
Aw! Ok, can't handle this! Growing up too fast:( RT: got my permit
OMG this is so sweet right there
She's so beautiful and I tell her everyday <3
Your multiupload link for Admiral Beast V.01 is not working can you help?
I just met a man who actually has one of our hand-stenciled Thistled Spring violin cases! So glad it has a happy home
love u too
having dreams every night. always good. never bad... b fun if they came true. but i no im not the only 1 to have ddub dreams
Damn this is UGLY
dont worry bro trust me shes way better off w/ u
Im tryna be nice but fuck him
Guess who's goin to the #DrakeColeAndFrenchyConcert in june... THIS GUY #completely amped
omg I'm totally like 5 blocks away!
This is so annoying..
Lol, the right one is just around the corner;)
Well please tell Ronnie I'm sorry I was so slow on the draw and didn't put two and two together until I walked away.
YES. but I wasn't on the fence. your music destroys fences.
killer stop by Thomas on Johansson, but that's a whiff by 90 with an open side.
I've never been a big fan of STEM bc I've always been more concerned with arts funding. I am definitely behind STEAM tho.
I'm tired my eye hurts and I have a headache cool stuff 
I wanna try, I'm an awful guy & I'm always away & am tryin 2 say I'mma piece of sh*t believe in this I'm tellin you
I may have to check it out. What channel is it on?
Does instagram tell you when people comment back to you on a picture?
you're welcome. Glad to hear it!
u cant stop its ur destiny
possibly making a new addition to the team. up and coming mma fighter. those who know me personally know that I'm a huge fan of the sport!
Woke up to a backed up sink. Good thing I know a trustworthy plumber.
'baby im nothing but bad news.' c;
here section 126
Baking cookies with Mom and Wallace hmu lol.
College thus far has been nothing more than paying extraordinary sums for a man with a doctorate to give me a paper cut on the ear. Twice.
Dally is the best friend in the whole world and I love her so so so so so much. This is SO not Dally either, heh...
a dream like this not something you wish for when its a gift worth taking a chance for this is something you sing for
thanks for passing on the interview link :) much appreciated!
Just changed my location from Oak Bluffs to Memphis....interesting...
selena I love you with all my heart ♥♥♥♥
Hmm or should I Name my Phone Dylan like from Chrlie's Angels? I love Drew Barrymore x3
Power play with erika and her cousin! Funn time lmfao
whose fault is it if she dont get wet?.
Well folks, Im out for a bit. Doing some panty shopping and getting coffee with a friend, then back for
Boy, June and July have been busy months!
My phone is on 2g /:
Awh you rule!!!!
How does one actually beam a laser all the way at a pilot? And why? Glad the pilots (and passengers) were ok at least.
There are already girls that are looking at you and being jealous of how pretty you are. Cause it's the truth. You're beautiful ♥
Thanks! It's always great connecting on Twitter with a talented MUA such as yourself.
People I don't know following me. They're have connections to R. Hedley. Did he send them? Do they have flyonwall technology?
and I love you back for being one of the sweetest people I've ever met! =)
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight at 7pm. Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue, Suite 1203. NYC. Class $20.
Mom: "Biafra was a genocide. The Northern soldiers were purposefully targeting Igbos. And the rest of the world chose not to see it."
I think grows a couple kinds of shiso
Post - ears ringing, sweaty, happy. I've been rocked!
"So, who was shot?" What? /Blinks/ no one says that...
Welcome new FUEL members from of our most supportive employer members!
After social media what will we use to distract us from connecting to our greatness? The quest to feel connected without physical contact!
Last tweet= 2 say : 'selectively enforce' THEIR bias n2 the perception of the events they r called upon 2investigate; covering up corruption
A social life, what's that?
My boyfriend was on his way home from work one night and was pulled over for speeding. When the officer asked what the rush was, my boyfr...
Thanks! Happy Friday :)
Lurking my brother tweets lol
Sad as ever to be leaving #saa10. Wonderful to see so many great folks. Already looking forward to Chicago. And to getting home.
Thanks for the great Triple Crown facial! Loved it!!!
fortunately that was 2008 and not 2011!
Let's fall in art together.
awh that sucks...well hopefully its gets better soon!
AYE no bs this Big Sean station playing all the classics WE TAKING OVER than the remix they need to stop it lol
Jessica ruined all my favorite songs/artists tonight. Please leave.
Is so cute. I swear, I just want to pinch his cheeks! :P
I used to be one of those people who never tweeted (sp?). Now look at me, i'm a tweeting machine <3
I really hope not, it would be yet another bad example on Glee. They don't even have jobs! They always break!
leonard cohen's old ideas album is seriously effing getting to me
If she feels like that-then she should LEAVE the BENCH & take herself & her son to Africa and LEAVE the USA!
good. At home visiting my family. Looking for inspiration - when is #artomatic so I can see your work?
I did...that's actually how I found out about the show. Remind me to give you the scoop later!
S/o to the Southwind Class of '12!!! Y'all be safe tonight and enjoy the hell out y'all prom and you ain't got any kids keep it that way!
Totes. Generally speaking I'm not a fan of concerts @ the BC. Would much prefer Turner or Pabst. But again, suite = free food, booze.
been up for two hours...have yet to eat.
python products may not be shipped to the state of California
Who needs visuals?!?! email your boi #forthelow #videos/photos
So proud of myself for staying at school all day today! I'm tryin to control my Senioritis this week. Lord help me!
What Dick Clark!? RIP
Good morning!!!
Save the date: Corporate Education Group's next Corporate Preview is on September 16th PM, Strategic Decision Making and more. Details soon!
Breakfast wasnt that great but this was the best weekend i missd my girls this brought me back to sanity had a great time
The moment when I'm chewing on my ring and realize that I dropped it on the floor ten minutes ago
Hey i just met you ;)
Today in Literary History: On May 3, 1913 American playwright William Inge (Pulitzer winner for PICNIC) was born in Kansas.
Now he's talking about my hair blowing in the breeze.
Training with all the other great managers on Howard Hanna tech updates so we can teach our agents! Let the training begin!
Multi-way PLUNGE get it in order everyone I didn't even take one tissue in Victoria's Secret at ALL but I had two beers I could hardly walk.
You will have to see ;)
Maiden flight of Naval Light Combat Aircraft carried out
Now that I know about Mitt's scissor shenanigans, I don't feel so bad about the time we chased him down at the barn dance & cut his rattail.
lol, looks like a place i might want to set foot in to. and yea, ive been mad busy...twitter was cutting into my sleeping time :D
Reward systems are most effective when going beyond "points": virtual bling, stickers or objects that add abilities
Fred can you DL Viber on your cp or any handheld?
Kristina, this one is for you and my weinah,we ain't gotta fuck, but at least give me a buck, Cause'...blazedmau5.tumblr.com
Wow! Very nice site! I love it - even though I can't understand a word on the page.
I would never joke about Roosters.
Carlos thought it was cool to put lotion in my shoe -___- like inside.
Hats in the Belfry
i have lots of problems XD
You guys definitely did meet! Just wanted to make sure you had contact info!
'Cause she's a badass.
yes ur see I wont have so many $1 bills I carry in my pocket
thank you, love that star!
GM doll
Watching the aerobics is my faaaaav
Preparing for a special live performance (August 9th, 2009) / World Conquerors Church 5th Anniversary! / Merritt College Student Ctr-Oakland
Cannot thank enough for the Dave Mason/Doobie Brothers concert tonight. Absolutely fantastic
ha! not gonna lie, it's probably going to take me awhile
Bloody Marys: a morning cocktail or evening cocktail? Discuss.
HH was fun! Now where's my jersey shore at? :P
Are you kidding?? I have a crackerjack illustrator living right in my apartment with me!
Santa Monica High , class of 2014?😏 Hm ...
BIG thank you to Lilka for putting Vegan 101 series in to Polish subtitles: tp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoDfJt4zPLg
My friend has never seen the Outsiders. Why are we friends?
Saw Act of Valor tonight... Very inspiring movie. Thank you to all who serve. #USA! #USA!
Just got some bad news. Trying not to cry or worry.. Praying praying praying
thanks for citation (& the shout out) but I still question their (dated) conclusions. Need a new study I guess
cause I'm not niga i don't need to explain myself lol
Perhaps this was a bug, but if so, who can trust with content you don't backup? I mean, what if the stuff was actually good?
I'm not trying 2 me rude or anything but I think jasmine v is kinda phony like she dissed Justin now shes following him on instagram &....
The $30 gift card goes to.... ! Congrats!
first time user learning about twitter
Totally. I sometimes find myself using a voice worthy of a diaper and a pacifier when flirting. "Girly" vs. "sexy".
I feel like I've been working on this homework all day and I've gotten nowhere.
Hulk Hogan in a Malkin jersey is chirping with Hartnell at he #Pens #Flyers game.
HaHa, Ole Miss loses again and for once I didn't have them!! Nice 3 picks Snead, u still suck even though u didn't cost me anything
You mean we won't stop screaming brakes-BRAkes-BRAKES. 😂😂
Too many papers to finish in so little time....
I am already loving 2012! I am ready to spread the love!
is going to be a little bit silly, excited for
Thanks dude. I KNOW you know how much work it is to get it all started. Next goal is top 200!
A man can dream, can't he??? Haha RT : Still going with Gamboa over Salido..
I am so mad bro. What a fucking day. Man
We are excited to announce that Instinct Magazine is an official sponsor of Diversity Platinum Look for special offers in days to come!
Quote of the Day: Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
done with this bull. can someone bring me food? seems like my mom doesn't care if there is no food in the house.
I Dont Feel Good :/
I wish I had the tan I developed over Spring Break.
Looking forward to a table read with the cast on Thursday!
i uh, miss the effff out of you! Drinks this week?!
lmao I told you man! When's your prom? :)
writing a paper on how processual and post processual approaches deal with question of status in mesoamerican archaeology- advice?
Does it mean that I am old that #Foofighters now has a greatest hit album...arghhh, I made fun of my parents for their greatetst hits albums
Cout's comments make Malkin seem old and like he has disappointed his fans. I love it.
speaking of Lambeau changes, how many seats are they adding with funds from stock sales?
always a work in progress-improvement never ends...keep the momentum love <3
Lunch with the CCB2B team in Allen/McKinney
watching "Dressed to Kill" for the hundredth time. Come back to Texas please!
was in v.i.p with & last night in atl CRAZY!!!!
I'm honored that followed me today.
you never live chat during the show. You should cut that line for your script to include one more politically incorrect comment
If I cud barter boredom 4 dollars, I'd b rich rite now!
thanks for the twitter love :)
YellowBrickRoad was bizarre, still wondering wtf happened in it. Now watching a holiday classic "Jack Frost" lol
old school jammin'
That song started the night off right!!
Awesome finish! Does this mean free #jimmyjohns tomorrow???
Looks like I'm not the only one trying to do capoeira with karate/aikido punches haha
Great RT : received word last night that my boy Speedy Duncan received his legacy fund. Great news..
Omgg!!! Yess out!!! Aghh! That was oo close!!! #Dodgers #Cubs. Lets get em' out dodgers!!
...and doesn't #Carmel High School's production of "Les Mis" open tonight? 'Not sure...and no time to search before my 2pm meeting.
Yes! Need to think of a smart catchy logo or perhaps some Photoshop work...
smoke more weeden
i live in england and i'm going to paris in july:) x
The office janitor kindly notified me the ladies room floor was wet, but didn't say the toilet seats were also wet.
#Lunchtime Not a cloud in the sky here :-)
at one of our practices
Yesterday, I celebrated "the" birthday party. Today, I celebrate my mother's birthday... Dec. 26, 1921 - Nov. 13, 1986. Happy Birthday, Mom.
If I didn't have my family.. I'd lose my mind.. But with them.. I lose my mind... I guess that's just love (:
you know it St. Clair
Thanks so much! : LOVE the idea! Going to suggest it to all my NYC honeymooners.
my niece is too funny xD
All in all it was all just bricks in the wall
I was going to link a funny picture of Mcihael but he beat me to it in his display
wtf is wrong
"successful tools adapt to the hands that use them." -pragmatic programmers (a good reread)
It's def still an issue and it needs attention, definitely. But it's sad that we didn't reach this conclusion a long time ago.
I don't care about what he did then. It's how he can't even apologize for it now that's dumb
Is it a juice thing?
Thank god nunee got sent down, sick and tired of translating what he says to jeter
lol not me !
I would literally die if you followed me. Your voice is amazing!
If you aren't following you should
sad story :(
Back in dc!
christmas party is always the sloppiest day of the year.
#superbowlsunday Who's gonna win?
"Position yourself as a center of influence - the one who knows the movers and shakers. People will respond to that, and you'll soon become…
All moved in andni didnt lift a finger thanks to my bros.....
Im done with all this crap..stop telling me what to tweet when i dont tell any of you what to tweet.hve a more negative view of most of unow
is supervising the construction of androids.
I love you<3
I like to keep it super classy - twisty straws only, please.
you must be so proud, great speech. Your Dad is picking up steam, nice guys finish 1st!
thanks 4 following. Was at Lyceum for daughters perf in 'Joseph', discovered/enjoyed your discussion! Saw/enjoyed Cronkite' last week
I love you too!
i love you more<3 ur so amazing :) idk why rehanna dumped you, your a wonderful guy. (: btw- i like ur hugs <3
thanks for the follow TenStarpro
12 more hours and I'm out of here for a week. Off to Croatia and Slovenia. YEAH!!!
Cloud was a little exposed but he almost had the 1st rd ko and you wouldnt have know campillo was any good
Happy friend friday y'all!
My moms singing to one direction. (:
Are the Servers down AGAIN for xbox???? cant get on them!!!!
You're cuuuteee.
hurt playin basketball might be out for yr and #yanks rivera hurt in bp
Afternoon guys! Who can guys what song I am loving right now?!?! Maybe or ?
Butler now trails by just one after Nored takes it to the basket. He is again leading Butler in scoring.
what. Details
My legs are getting tan>
Good start. Thanks!
Open my eyes, yeah; it was only just a dream. So I travel back, down that road. Who she come back? No one knows.♥
is that the old school bird with the white front?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like you .
I will definitely be using this homemade humidification chamber that's being demonstrated at the preservation session.
RT : gotta disagree. You gotta read the defense. (gotta disagree...you hit the open man)
This isn't the first time this has happened. . .
RT : Watching him throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton. It was a productive visit...
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code DZ72J . Enjoy
Amici's wishes all the moms a very Happy Mother's Day. We'll be serving up some very special brunch and dinners for you today at Amicis.
Yeah murder is really something you just dabble your toes in. We really wetted our toes last night
Sounds amazing! See you at the Chula Vista Nature Center!
hope Romney doesn't try to sing some Elvis or some shit now. But he might have to.
Knock off your damn whining. ;-)
i meant to ask, are you familiar with ? i'm a fan.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp. Berry, John
I just love how everyone is texting me back 👎
when my friends call me because WMYB is on the radio >>>>>
Hopefully my weekend plans work out.
why? what happen?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
ull get there
Grew up on Punch Out. It hurt when you went bad, but it makes me smile to see the champ back on top.
Which would you rather give up during the #NFLDraft: Twitter or Mel Kiper?
I bet at least half of our health issues would be eliminated if they focused on better dental care for all.
Just remembered that I had a dream last night about James Earl Jones
Yikes! RT Brutal cold out there....-10 in Twin Cities with wind chill near -30
Had an amazing time at The Clean Air Clear Stars fundraiser last night!
goin to bed! night all you lovely shrooms!! xx
#vegan day five! Feeling great!
Just bought a brand new cool van!!
Pros and Cons of Investing in Penny Stocks
True. RT : please don't ask me any questions you could answer by google searching it yourself
ok well if u r hungry it is a good sing it means u r feeling better am I right?
My cousin is "all for civil unions…But leave traditional marriage alone President Obama." And it's thoughts like these that make me sad.
So adeline is leaving to guatemala twmaroooo :o :/
"People don't change just by saying "I'm sorry". People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry"
Sometimes when you give up on someone its not because you dont care anymore, you just realized that they dont
i'm a hockey fan. doesn't matter what team. i'm a rink rat!
ugh do you really need to remind me
Long but fun day at hollywood studios and epcot with .tomorrow we take on magic kingdom!
What book are you reading?
What a win. We are moving on. Great game Tigers!
fantastic, thanks for asking! :)
Fun! RT : Foodie love doled out in 140-char morsels: join us for #FNIchat at 1 pm Pacific to get your fill & meet new food friends.
Congrats to the fucking caps!
My English class makes me want to kill myself. Bunch of 12 year-olds.
First speaker at E-everything lost me in first 5 mins w/ "not monographs" for his "the obvious next step in DDA."
couldn't tell on tv but looked like a rangers player pulled lundqvist out of goal rather than him sitting up. Maybe to make sure?
RT I'm actually more offended that Twilight films exist than the fact that you can download them illegally
mention to say oh alright lol
Watching 17 again
Love your necklaces! I wore it to work today and got so many compliments!
Different dimensions exist everywhere at the same time. How many of you want to become an Earth leader so that you can solve all problems?
and you don't get as many gifts!
Obviously u never taught PE @ Bozeman lmbo!!! They wud play a whole period & the winner might have 6 points, "might"
Got hit in the ankle it's all purple.
I'm following you bro
this #rays bullpen reminds me of the orvella, ruddy lug, harville, stokes and shawn camp days
The human heart, at whatever age, opens to the heart that opens in return. Maria Edgeworth
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Slowly—paused it to accomplish real work. But I got a bunch of people on board. :)
Listing to Disney's Greatest! Its a good thing.
Kick the holiday weekend off right with a visit to tonight! Doors @ 8:00, ,
your songs make me feel beautiful. i luv westmeath ir by the way! family from there!!!
April 2nd can't come soon enough! Can't wait to stock up on Ravens gear and see the Lombardi Trophy and SB Ring display!
how are you :)
Last nights show at Club Angles was great and I met alot of hott artist.
"Losing is not in my vocabulary." -Ruud van Nistelrooy
Welcome to our society. You will be judged by what you wear, your taste in music, and how you act. Enjoy your stay.
Regardless of conceit, all FPS have Call of Duty somewhere in the title.
Yotes take the early lead in Game 2!
Yes, I'm at panel 110, Queen Anne and the Arts.
I think they have a nightclub behind one of the outfield fences. Also on Opening day they had a dancer w/ each player for intros
don't forget to wipe
#Imagine Waking up to Louis singing “What Makes You Beautiful”
my mom is bug hunting for me right now. Ahaha. She's cute.
yes, please register! I have the registration site up...flyer is coming next, then my email to you guys :)
Morning :) going to school in a lil while, still feeling kinda icky
I'm really not in the mood to go to school today :|
Screenshotting is taking a picture, capturing is taking a video.
No Big 3, No Pop, No Neal No Problem once again! Mills 34 points & 12 ast.
Man, i'm ready for this 3 day weekend!!! Klusoz-Coco Lounge... U know the deal!!
#FirstRead: Rage Comics In Real Life
has been in the WOM game for over 40 years.
i need to get tatted. Like Soon. son.! =]
Happy earth day! Book a program on www.campopoly.com and get outside!!!!!
Also, sorry for the radio silence. I didn't want to say anything about the new shows until we were getting stuff in the can.
Ugh I hate dem "who Gon pop me?" bitches ...usually the first ones to get hit
Dr. Todd Mahr speaking about food allergies at the conference. Describing differences between IgE & non IgE mediated reactions.
What's good homie? How's everything been?
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady Not Shady :D
I was almost missed the oscars...since all the other award shows are delayed in LA, I assumed this one would be also...but no...it's on time
can we get in without a badge?
Can't stand this one dumb ass Bitch
Good news, : our next coffee at The Met is FREE! See you Thursday!
2 more Mondays after today
Everyone's bored on a Saturday night
Call from wrk tryn to call me in.. too bad I'm not at home
I just wanna get back in my bed. Get tucked in a bunch of blankets & watch movies for the rest of the night.
Thanks man, we appreciate it!
Early-bird notice on special events, Feel special only at Piano Source!
I want to buy Italian debt.
: I'm signed up for the San Diego half! It's my first race so i'm very excited!!!
He got 24..
Whaa?! I'm crazy excited for you!!!
Any guesses for who will be the final torchbearer at tonight's Opening Ceremonies in Vancouver?
#schoolmemories metting a lot of fake people.
Welcome to Broncos Country! So happy to have your playmaking ability!!!
Pretty excited that all you idiots are talking about Tebow again.
Houston has officially been awarded the 2013 NBA All-Star game.
thanks for following - and thanks for making mention of our white paper on creating the innovation culture!
No place like the Atlantic Crossing on Sounders gameday!! Other than actually at the game...
todays lunch special is a chicken melt with bacon, fried onions and bacon. AYCE tacos $4.50
I just want to see the end of Major Payne
he looking good!!! He just caught a Touchdown Over Reed!!!
Hanging by myself with Bella dog as goes out with her girls. Watching iron man and storage wars! Riveting stuff :(
installing mods are so annoying,I keep gettin a black loading screen,ever happen to you?
How come? : Tomorrow will be awful.
RT ": Support Is Needed World Wide"
#stoptalkingabout Nick Jonas. seriously, please stop.
Well that was easier than I thought :)
you know, they are hiring for a new doodler right now! Too bad I really don't want to move to CA.
so you look like tony the tiger??? Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?
*my bad were in Franklin not Cool Springs
I hate when I'm talking to my friends about jazz and they just say, "JAZZ HANDS!" Ugh, no... not at all...
#EastChicago drivers do not give a fuck about stop signs
"Like" International Chamber Artists A group of talented musicians who promote the viability & growth of classical music...
MUFC start of season. Sunderland after O'neill took over and they beat City. Before they started to b wank again
Undecided about turnitin: testimonials say- we use it to teach, main page says: out to get students. Don't like the marketing, maybe.
that tweet is odd because its coming from you.
I'll try.
Next year I wanna go to a Brooklyn Nets home game against the Bulls. I should get intune with my cuzzos in Brooklyn and Newark and do dis.
Haywood need to lose his contract
Spanish Final. Good luck to everyone who has finals.
but wait, I thought we had the highest corporate tax rate in the world?
I am who I am.... now leave me the eff alone
I literally do not know what to say.
was a thousand words good?
Expose our fears, and in emotionally responsive disarray, we will, hellbent on repressing its truth, open forward into a battle of self.
Having a clumsy morning just makes Monday even worse. Hopefully this clumsy stage passes quickly!
with 4 different men & I said to him "what is this, Assclown Inception? is this a dream?" :) of course over his head
I think that meant I love you too
you guys are so sexual
WOW! #GameOfThrones was amazing as usual, can't wait til next season!
"THIS IS TERRA NOVA"!! LoL
THe company is new to Twitter but not me personally;
Social Media Tip: Remember, your #smallbiz profiles are a two-way street...make sure to talk AND listen to your customers!
hey so me you chase & psanders(;
love that movie
stop, you're making me drool even more! thanks for the references, I am definitely visiting Pappalecco soon!
Am being very social in the offline world lately- all friends want to visit NYC just as the semester is winding down
I don't have your number! :( but we're going to another friends house then will decide if downtown
Who is going to pitch for washington nationals on July 8 vs the Colorado Rockies ?
well in my opinion the blackberry in general sucks
One big issue is that if they play .500 ball from here until they get healthy, still have to justify not selling.
RT : My wife has released her new record -diamond- please check it out & pick up a few thousand copies :) thanks
texas roadhouse, good steak and burgerd
Wikipedia is your e-volunteer program, you just aren't affiliated with them yet!
Fun game: www.berzerkstudio.com/games/homerun_in_berzerk_land?friend=UIWWildthing
No problem we out here in tha Colorado helping get Justice for Ohead #TEAM NO SLEEP
Huh. Telling my kids to imagine all the good things vegetables do for their colon does not inspire them to eat more veggies.
hahah sorry? Your CD TODAY I promise
Looking for new forms of inspiration..are there any good documentaries out there?
Says Hancock will be 100 pct from shoulder surgery by start of fall semester
That's true.. I'm still on season 2.
dont say that well i guess we got to get it back popping!
" Don't forget: Frost Bank Plaza at 4pm to parade the bubbleware to TOPS!
Dwade misses to many Dunks!!!!!!
Awkward handshakes.
“: 2nd place is the first loser” lol just doin the best at losing
#Oscars focus group = truth
I love the pain that hurts so dirty, but you know its clean.
:O hahahah “: Harry Styles (From One Direction) was born with 4 nipples.”
i believe you
oh. Fancy.
true...I ain't wanna be cluttering your twitter feed. Save my appearances for something with impact! ;)
does anybody know C#? Please hit me up ASAP...
Betty White turns 90 today!
disregard my last status update..I will be spinning TOMORROW, and only tomorrow this week at BRINK ORLANDO! Hope to see you all out...
*whistles suspiciously*
good morning! Happy Friday.!
: when ya comin down!?
RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
I dont like the NEW twitter !!!!!
Wow the lakers caught up in like 2 min!
Summer can do that to me. Now I need a tan so that it doesn't look weird when I speak it. That's the hard part...
thanks for RT!
Mary poppin in band :D woo
we will definitely be out somewhere.
Peace and harmony has to return to this world!
Rivka Galchen reading George Saunders story aloud and Saunders blurts out: Tolstoy is weeping!
yeaah sure ill ask mum tonight <3 xo
Back on the tweeting scene after a 3-month absence. #wasn'tnovacation
subscribe to my monthly technology seminar for $299 / mo and i'll show you
"When I see something I want, I just can't help it, I want it so bad it had to be mine"
One of the last shows of 2011 of Guns N' Roses is being held in Las Vegas, NV. So we got some show tickets - Call and check: 888-493-0004
guilty pleasure...really bad scyfy movies. bad acting, bad scripts & bad plots but o so fun to watch
Backyard BBQ, man their last album rocked!
Just saw 'The Avengers' w/ my little son in tow. Great flick- lotsa explosions. He slept right thru it!
RT : God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas, but for scars. -Elbert Hubbard
YES! RT : When I visited CFME, Zach was talking about an Aussie friend who brought him Tim-Tams- was that you?!!
did you repost it elsewhere? I'd be intrigued to read it.
Thank you for helping out with our press release for the
Political science, religious studies and social services can be learned at any age at a cheaper price vide distance learning.
Wishing of the #smsix team good luck with his meetings today. He's out strategy ninja maven bespoke rockstar expert guru
Big Harrisburg health players PinnacleHealth, Heritage Medical Group will join
g00d morning brotha!! now the spurs must fall
I'm late to this, but Joni Mitchell's 1971 lyric "When I think of your kisses / My mind see-saws" is very romantic
This Clarissa girl is a goddess.
You've expreienced that with wrestlers, right? Very weird.
your schlong photos got leaked. still wins.
I look back on it & laugh now haha.
That... Was fun. I think it's time to start chronicling my escapades in an Anonymous blog....
": IM THE REALEST NIGGA ON HERE ASK SEAN PRICE THEN ASK UR MOMS SHE'S KNOW ME WELL" yo..my ma is dead ...#necrophelia HAHAHA
have I ever let you down before?
I CAN'T TELL YOU BUT RUN.
I really want a cigarette but I can't get up from this new Adventure Time episode.
Want more butterflies in your garden? Sick of stink bugs? Hungry for steak salad? Doug Oster, Handy Andy, and Bill Fuller are here to help!
- and what exactly is parading the hate? Explain.
try "its worth 7% of your final exam grade" or "I didn't work hard for an A all semester to screw it up now". :)
when he has brown hair
Boy you've got it bad, but I've got something good.
no doubt Butta L! Another great night!
It is always going to be okay!
I am wondering wat ps3 game to rent
Love it when you take a non-drowsy cold medicine and next thing you know it's 8 hours later! Didn't make it to work last night!
Been reading a lot about pink slime lately. It is horrifying what the FDA allows to be done to our food.
thank you for the ff!
; Thank you to all of you for a lovely evening and thanks for watching for my foot!Next time 2 shoes
Too many people go through life waiting for things to happen instead of making them happen!
Choosing a Wordpress template for my upcoming blog is surprisingly exhausting...but I think I finally found one!
I'm thinking Driving range tomorrow night after I look for a new #job in #Boston. Who has the heated bays and who has #Boston #Deals ?
what happened to your car ?
COM-199, easily the biggest joke of class I'll ever have to take.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Well you know Gloria she's impetuous. Has to have what she wants, when she wants it. We had to give her a sweet 16 on her 13th birthday.
Getting through the afternoon with 's #hard2love : )
why did i wait this long to look for a prom dress
JazzWord: "One thing I like about jazz, kid, is that I don't know what's going to happen next. Do you?"~Bix Beiderbecke. NufSed.
Stay fresh to death just to impress the rest
Nope. Washington, DC. Been here almost 8 yrs.
ive wanted to follow me for the longest time....she probably wont even see this tweet
I stalk you around school
My laptop charger decided to completely die in the middle of me finishing page 9 of a 10 page paper I had to write. Fanfreakintastic!
thank you so much!
Psalm 23:6 Surely goodness & mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever. Good morning!
yea buddy!
Thanks for the #FF ... Happy Friday!
very true.
Do you have anything about gifted and common core?
ya I know
haha it took me like an hour until I understood the da da ba ba BA part! Haha just a little blond moment:)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe it was no longer cool to wear jerseys, or band tees and skinny jeans.
Joan Jett returned!
lol seriously! Has Thiago told you about the drunken scavenger hunts we're gunna have? Theyre gunna be a blast with all this comp
"Never tell these women shit until you're sure you love them."
Some bodies little dog ran in front of my car! I feel so bad........
Can't say it made me smarter, but I do play a mean game of Trivial Pursuit. Hahaha!
in Cape May, w/my sister-in-law's Pittsburgh fam. They baked 3k cookies. At my brother's wedding the table was 2x that.
it's a werewolf, but I pressed the wrong one. So the correct answer is, "grandma"
IQ can't predict success but your AQ (adversity quotient) can
awww Austin I LOVE YOU..!<3 you make my day better. Each time...follow me?
Shouts out to Cocaine Gotti Wife
it totally is! Thanks! Happy Sat night!!!! :)
oh hey you. I'm glad you were not swallowed by la vegas
have to be very careful not to mix up your corporate, real estate, and mob lawyers. It can be very tricky
yo los compré. Toma un par de semanas acostumbrarse, but they are worth every penny once you do.
Well said RT : It's a good day to remember what we stand for.
About to drink scotch & listen to the decline with my brother
: RT That's right. You finally received the recognition you deserve! Efforts are always rewarded.
I had the perfect surprise for my baby today (:
i'm fine thanks, and you?
That's what sisters are for! Always got you bae! ILY
I hate AP European history! The summer homework for this class never ends!
Theory we suggest is that given a negative press, the higher your centrality the greater you are a lightening rod for negative sentiment.
playoff pacers baby !!!!!
I can't believe it either. What a beautiful young lady you've grown up to be!! I will definitely MISS OLTL!!
-- check the hashtag on my last Tweet. Hee.
Wow, Sonic's really busy. Wonder why? ;)
cream'wiches? are you still ?
While faith w/o works is dead, be certain that ur actions are not driven by fear/anxiety/worry.
I wish i could celebrate #420 .....
Happy Thursday Shiloh! RT : Having a bev & enjoying $1 Burger night
S/O to my homie for always being there for me && listening when I need him! :)
Save technical talk for the office, not for a TV interview, because the average viewer won’t have a clue as to what you are talking about.
:D and also, love your avatar! #goBrewers!
: I worked directly with my publisher, no agent.
When my time comes I will miss big bro the most. He has inspired me to be the best. I love him so much.
My prices depend on the forms you use. Same as H and R Block or Jackson Hewitt but alot less expensive.
Because you made us what we are today. Thanks. Happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there from the JEZ team.
I would freaking LOVE a pizza puff.
I'm going to put on YHF and cry myself to sleep
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Ha ha thanks RT : when you have ESPN tweeting you, it's bound to happen ;)
how is everyone?
#AskSiva You love me? Oh wait I know you do (: you love ur fans so much
Someone on this bus smells straight up like weed!
I'm plenty realistic about Weeks' struggles, but wishing injury or being happy about it is asinine.
Hey everyone, we are happy to announce that will now be at on Saturdays!! Contact us for RSVP & Tables :)
I wanna cuddle, time togo find kitty.
you guys needa come to Phoenix, AZ
To each of us...there come opportunities to rearrange our formulas and assumptions - to revisit our dreams. -Leo Buscaglia
Hahhaha no I'm good now!(: I have bigger problems at the moment!😒😝 lmao
hey guys check out my in profile icon
#replace1Dsongswithfreedom Stole My Freedom
Questions from the audience - how do you know which idea to follow?
Obsessions or the Compound is where I'll be Saturday night !
How many of you would love to be able to buy all of the desserts (cookies, cakes, candy, ice cream, pies, juices, etc) in a Walmart store?
We will be screening ZR this coming Saturday June 4th @ The Saturday Nightmare Expo in New Jersey. check out at www.saturdaynightmares.com
Did you wish happy birthday to Selena? Anyways, maybe I should ask this in chat. :D
Thanks so much for inviting us!We had a great time until the genrtr messed w us.We will b ready for the next 1 w spare parts
I just soaked my feet in warm water & epsom salt... had an exhausting day.
cool...I was just giving you a hard time
I'll be there!
My nights are so much better with you in them.
good morning twitter family
oh never saw that before but love it!
Why does my library ebook have to expire the very day of my doctor's appt?? I'm not used to hauling paper books around anymore.
#SundayFunday RT : . is headed to to complete his back-to-back Sunday hits - live at 10:30am
Thanks for RT, Jake.
why are we doing secondary inspection in primary lanes. Not a smart border.
hello paul :)
I love owls can I do it? ;P Looool
yay! Now you need a pic!
All I got to say is lil Wayne shut Dallas Tx down last night I luv u Wayne
I love you Chicago Bulls.....but I kinda want to go home for mothers day this weekend.....ok? That said, GO BULLS!!!
Please just confirm that's the venue, date and time prior to purchasing. Thanks again for your time and patience :)
RT "usac.ucla.edu got hacked? leading to russian site?"
He demands I speak in my Irish accent when yelling. The outcome is us laying on the floor laughing. He's a good man :-)
I'm assuming Poytress was at WV today because they needed an arm?
The last spring break of my life
Big Block, good night St Bonnie's
nope on both fronts. :(
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be following them now!
that nigga sleep
I don't know if your number is still the same, but I texted you.. just text me.. 503 935 9200
The Muppets movie was pretty awesome. It did get a bit too real at times but still great.
Al Sharpton is right and Tavis Smally has always been a tool of the right.
me neither kid
on my way to airport LA here i come LOL
Looks like fun
Hey - The fact that your web site only works with Internet Expl. is so 1997. Can you be a little more friendly to us Mac users? Thanks
good game man
I thought you were buying a house missy btw I'm makin a apt in two weeks hahaa.
Happy Holidays, all! ICDS is closing today & will open on Jan 5. If you need anything, please use our emergency contact info. Best wishes!
Really happy to see say "a puppy from the pound will love you just as much as a designer breed." AMEN!!!
very sad. My prayers are w/ friends & family. I lost a close friend to car wreck when I was 16.
Nw at tanger outlet uh ready to go home
Thanks for the follow , sorry about that first tweet.
HOT!!! RT“: Time magazine spoof cover. You breastfeeding Gold. #tweetsfromlastweek”
Gotta admit, that's pretty funny.
I wish she were kidding about this. >> RT : I tried to get a birthday squirrel for you, but he escaped.
sites 25M/SF of planned office projects, which will not come to fruition until a tenant is secured, keeping occupancy low
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken in your career?
Thoughts and prayers going out to #japan this morning.
Can we just give L.A. a team already so we can quit hearing about it as ammunition?
So happy to be with my Vicente right now :)
Reaching for that podium-with-picture-of-myself-right-behind-me-wearing-a-fez steezo the Son of Man is pumping on Detroit free TV
Q: What do the Gators and I have in common? A: follows both.
AMAZING RACE: I don't like to say the word, but I hate those Border Patrol Agents.
Foreclosures? POTUS George Bush stated "some of ya'll brought homes you could not afford". What did they think would happen? Hit the road!
Say hello to your motha for me okay?
Cancun, why are you so packed? I'm starving.
Hi ms. sexy
S/O to ! He's the only other person that KNOWS basketball & shows RESPECT to the pacers
Got to check out the newest people to don the pink wigs for Heather's team...plus inhalable chocolate?? Join us this morning on 10TV at 5!!
Too many lies, not enough truths.
You guys, thanks for reminding me about #AdamOnGMA tomorrow. What time is GMA on in San Francisco? 7-9 here too, right?
Dear Lord, Thank-You!
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
Go Green!! We have Eco-Friendly CD and DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet GREEN.
I just wish this night would end.
Yes! We can have a yearly ScotchGuard spraying ceremony.
Bridesmaids is a total RomCom. I'm a little disappointed.
Ah nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
I was hoping that America would be further along in 2012.
What is your favorite post-workout stretch?
wanted to go but I didnt get off until 4
Going to try to drive home with one contact in!
The programs that have limits on them are some of the craft programs; those are preregistered, usually about 50.
same here girl..! Just wishing it will snow so we don't have to go to school tomorrow..!
Haven't had much to say. No new videos lately. RT : You know who never tweets anymore? you should get on that.
plz help my girl jadenbaby11 out she got 2 followers dat me n her our friend so plz follow her
Can you provide a screenshot? Do you mean the keyboard toolbar isn't being closed when the keyboard closes?
Im tired! Im working on a project ... I want to go to bed!
Come to the Blazers please Deron.
Its too early to be awake -__-
Thanks, Your display in reference looks great!
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
I am here and you are there - one of us is in the wrong place
“: Deion Sanders, once a defensive legend, is now the #DirectTV fairy. God I hope they paid well.” thought he was a mosquito...
I have bewitched in my head oh my GOSH
Catvertising: funny 'cause it's true.
if you say you hate ..... You better run for your life...! I LOVE YOU BELLA!!!
tell Simone good luck and have fun!
Never crashes - your so cute. Making browsers crash is my super power.
At day 2 of 's #GMC workshop. Good stuff!
yup totally have a crush on my track coach....c'mon! he's only 6 years older! lol im hopeless
My iPhone likes messing with me. But I still love it.
Early church gets you to the candy faster. Happy Easter, Smartt family!
So F'N amped to see at the tomorrow night!
The undo button is a lifesaver sometimes
goddamn Trader Joe's. I found an ant in my salad.
Nice! See you at the #Fosterly event!
transport museum Nice Motorbike photos ;P
#fridayreads Calvino's Cosmicomics, Mann' Death in Venice, and lots of journal articles about Indonesian libraries
Birmingham uk, was up until 1am! Got bags under my eyes at work today!
Tonight is Salsa Thursday at Club Irie! Dance Lesson Starts at 8pm!
MY HAIR SALON KEEPS MOVING! >.< She's moved like 30 times, I'm so legit right now.
You who know me, Moose, personally, know that I enjoy good food. This jalapeno bread is the yummiest thing I have eaten in a long time.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top
Heading to The Alley in Oakland for some brews and croons.
Todays the day!We cant wait to see everyone out @ The Haven tonight!!! Were on last after Traverser, Faethm and The Dropa Stone.
Xbox 360 for 80 somebody cop !
Good morning friends and fans!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO RT : I need to learn how to backflip
they need to get Rudy going off screens
Life goes on... Or it doesn't! Big Rennna
today is deff going to be rough :( yuck
OMG, just got a text at half time that said ' I'm winning the 6 nations ! 'how did he get my number not kidding! if u want proof just tweet!
RT : Illinois Hospitals Generate $78.7 Billion Annual Impact on State's Economy - MarketWatch (press release)...
The video starts with a woman waking up to her alarm.
and Printers Row Lit Fest is June 9-10. Save the date.
weird is underrated.
“: Hey fav loser, I was shopping in ur store the other and u weren't even there.” really? What day?
aww! We were saying the same about you!
That awkward moment when you go to a hooka bar with your boyfriend and his mom? O.o lmao #havefun with that roomie! :) lol
HA! I do al the time. Not enough people find the humor in that, I think it's hilarious.
I'm gonna have to go to Philly n hang out w some of u
having fun spammin it up. -lauren
RT Date? Ha! Never left the house. ;)>>>I know, and you never called. :(. :). Be well.
Dont ever question if mikes harder will do the job
“: Shout out to and Dope ass beats. Yall gunna make it, I know it.” Can't wait to put in some work!
Just heard a #Subway commercial, and thought of ;) #itsaMahomieThing <3
Can having too many applications really slow down your phone?
You aint a pirate, unless you drink like one!!!
I treat the Twitter 'favorite' button like the 'like' button on facebook.
Cool Dan...Tell Kenny I said hi...Had him out last week!
It was a great event, really interesting topics and as always, lots of fun, creative people!
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
and some way to far to look at! :-\
I have to paraphrase these words from Janell Monae "it's always been about the music. everything else is everything else"
This is a big week for Columbus to Celebrate. Join us for this weekend and ColsHistory party on the 14th
teachers never do lol
WRONG IS WRONG
wow, cool! Thanks so much! Great site btw! Haven't seen that before, will be checking it out!
so you're there tonight. We're going tomorrow. excited.
Tomorrow we will announce the details of the Hitting The Nuts DVD release party!
Hearing the Police (the band not the cops) will always remind me of college. Those were good times.
It's some stiff competition on AI with the guys.... wonder what's to come from the ladies tomorrow night!!
CANADA: Go buy KARL WOLF "DJ Gonna Save Us" on iTUNES now! I co-wrote it with & #DJgonnaSAVEus RT RT
exactly why I tweeted that ha
Ok, we've got some serious giveaways for people who come to our booth at #CMAconference. We're in the room on the side, in the corner!
WOW. That was so lucky! Luck is definitely on their side. Lets go #Oklahoma time to put this away. Don't give up.
...lol but it helps
“: Is it time for to go on yet? This opening act is going too long haha” hahahaha. Hit me like a ton of bricks
Thx for the retweet and favorites!
thanks! MOG's discovery features do make it a great service.
True, but Howard is not that good. I think this is the 3rd year in a row I've made that statement on here.
RT : We don't give kids enough practice handling criticism. We set them up to make "As" The real world doesn't work this way.
Yay ok fingers crossed! Have you got my cell? give me a txt! :)
I gotta feeling this gonna be a long MLB season for me being a royals and Rockies fan..
Tornado warning will keep us from Hunger Games. Does Fandango or AMC have a refund policy?
gonna watch shutter island by myself, whaaddap~
#1ThingIHate being told to hurry up when I'm in the shower.
Going to see The Avengers tomorrow - tickets purchased - now to fight the crowds for a seat. Maybe the theater will be empty
Heavens, who turned all the bright lights on?!!!
Thank goodness for kegs with legs on Thursday! only Tuesday morning and I need a drink! A drink with cool ppl? Even better.
Lester Holt of the Today Show just called The Hunger Games a teenage love story...
OMG won't buy me a kitty either!!! :(
I love you!
My phone is going to die can I talk to you later?
I thought the collector did follow procedure, but the language wasn't detailed enough about the storage/sending of samples?
Got a package in the mail today from Sweden. I'm tempted to open it, but I should wait until I can record it for "Mailbag Thursday" :/
I wanna kick both they ass for laughin at my moma u think this a joke
Got work in the morning DAMN!!!!!!!!!!
what's yours?
I don't know if I'll make it, but watch how good I'll fake it.
If I Had A Gun id get another for & we'd go taking out all the crazy over obsessive fan girls....
Its so hot in here...i cant sleep!
Watching Rob Dyrdek's fantasy factory:)
Edits can be tough!
stop it, you're too nice 💘. “: Why can't I get over my obsession with ? She's just way too too beautiful 💗.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) _ Rev. Billy #Graham, 93, is backing a proposed amendment to the NC constitution to ban gay marriage.
I felt sick my first couple sips, but it got better. It definitely woke me up. I don't have a taste for any more though! Ha!
Truly an awesome experience, and SO eye-opening!
Anyone know why eastern and pebble is shut down with all sorts of police activity?
funniest kid I know
FYI – Our online Job Listing pages are getting a face lift over the next few days – thanks for your patience!
Mad 'cause book 2 isn't out till 2013
she's dating niall and she kissed someone else , wtf on earth was that ?
John Legend ^.^
They're provocative, they get the people goin! RT Kim K and Kanye belong together. A great Hollywood power couple.
so I walk in today and niggas had article 15s ready. Thinking I went AWOL. Sad part is...I was cool with the fag.
Im extra stoked!! My bro is going too woop woop!!
Finally arrived in Fargo. The air is crystal clear.
Happy Christmas Week!
things to do in seattle
tonight's agenda: •stuff my face with pizza for 30 minutes. • vigorously work-out for 5 minutes.
Fuck. I'm about to cry all my makeup off from this show.
Tomlin can't go for Cleveland. Called up A guy. Advantage Red Sox?
and a dollar short! 👎
I need to leave this place already and go home to be with my baby :(
Right Back at ya, stay well!
- this is the time my mom was up making us breakfast and our lunches
you're right I'm obsessed with #scandal ... Now for #Revenge tonight!
drifting is not fun at all knowing there's nothing to can do to make it not awkward or stop the short replies.
LSU Football 2012: Is It Championship or Bust for the Tigers?
Hi, noticed you tagged Equal Justice Works in tweet re Bryan Stevenson. FYI his org is not part of EJW. Thx!
I just found a whole new angle to possibly approach my #seniorthesis and it is
hell to the no!! #lifehappens #human :-)
#pauseoftheweek "man you be doing it wide, busting it strong! #thatswhatshesaid no lie
New York's classiest Zouk/Kizomba event returns, Saturday April 14th "The Retro RendezZouk" @ Amber Lounge(381 3rd Ave, New York.
For a bonus alkaline benefit, try cooking with alkaline water instead of regular tap water.
If you view an entire thing it looks that it is always gorgeous.
Niesen takes the first set over Davenport, 6-4. His teammate, Markel, holds a 3-2 third set lead over Rudnitsky and is serving.
see you tomorrow/Friday?
Thanks 4 the FF! Right back atcha! Hope u and Brandon are well!
"The imagination exercises a powerful influence over every act of sense, thought, reason, - over every idea."
i swear it's hotter in Pgh than it was in texas!! I want to go back! haha
If McNabb does well during the broadcast than he will retire from the NFL league
been there done that... Emeril's is a great option!
Unlimited leads and dialer in one easy package. Call us for details! 866.460.6611
I'm addicted to you...
Those are probably Melissa's, the other owner. :3 I write fanfics about nerdy things. Like Doctor Who and Charlie McDonnell.xD
Glad we could add some fun to your travels! Don't miss the "Recombobulation Areas" just after TSA. :) Happy travels!
Cool cant wait to check it out:)!!!
What a perfect day in the City!! The weather is perfect!!!! :)
you can have mine. I'm not using it
fat pussy and skinny bitches
Promo Codes for Slice HD will appear here this weekend. Of the 7 of you that follow us, one of you is bound to have an iPad :)
One Parent Company with 2 entities are here with physical locations coming soon in the Atlanta area.
Let me live my life. If I want people to know where I'm at, I'll put it out there myself.
hahaha not really but if you say so, ok :p
Thursdays are #LadiesNights at Grazie! All the ladies drink for free from 9-11PM -- Come see us!
Thanks for the RT! :)
Super Tuesday < Fat Tuesday
Smashburger's blowing up as a chain, that might be an interesting curveball. Good thought. And Hardee's - yes.
We'll put the pictures into a video, and ask people to forgo lunch and send money to Achieve in Africa.
truly is THE best deal of the city, that's for sure.
Journatic to provide TribLocal suburban content
Broke bitches make me sick
Jeez, i love you more then i love myself.. thats a fucking lot.
I can't believe that someone is still trying to sell the BlueMeteor domain for 15K.
Absolutely!!!!!!!!!!!!! How is my honey tonight? Haven't seen you in days, you hiding?
haha I'm sorry mr.bad ass who is too cool for school! lmfao
A huge creature just flew inside my house...
YEs, it's called a banana... Ha ha!
for sure!
White or black, all fat chicks wobble walk.
Thanks for the shout out! “: See you all soon! #GYGO”
Smh RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch. They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Thanks for the work that you do, it's worth sharing.
Lol, 4sho. Have you read any new books lately?
We are tapping the Summit Oatmeal Stout at 8PM!
My birthday is coming up on the 19th and the night before I'll be having a party at 1707 L street NW at The Meeting place. Come out & enjoy
Thx for the mention! RT : Galactic Pizza in Mpls: Menu that requires 3d glasses, catering staff in superhero outfits, these guys rock
I am a great American and you're not. Yeah, that's right, LIBERAL, I'm talking to you. I'm a hero in waiting. You're a sex addict.
Sorry for the delay on this busy day. Answer is yes! Always. Send it to me!
I hope you Return 2 tha Ravens
Easter SF-style: Hunky Jesus contest at Dolores Park, then sci-fi film fest.
Hope Tim O'Rourke enjoys the tour
Worn out! Long shift ahead, so good music and movies...I'll get through the morning and night.
What did one handbook say to the other? Nothing, inanimate objects don't talk.
and we get our lawns watered. Happy Monday.
Sorry--my website didn't publish the changes from when I updated the price. It's accurate now. Thanks for the heads up!
Dance room=TO HOT!!!!
btw, any idea if plans to do a special 81th birthday imitation?
Guys, just let me drive the Challenger. I think that means he loves me.
part of the reason I bowed out gracefully. Me and tornadoes don't mix.
I just earned the Maverick badge on #Yelp!
yea, it seems so funny how we say when we were little and were not even that old. Guess ill have to watch after work
Life has been too good to me these past few days.
We do like to be a gem.... hopefully we will have some good weather this week so you can come out and see us!
Adventures of #TeamHM RT I just got fired and a christmas bonus all in like 3 mns
Okay nay-sayers...Who was wrong about the Magic who WON last night!
Welcome lady!
Re-reading Oppen :: There are things / We live among 'and to see them / Is to know ourselves'
Chapter 2012 Page 67 of 366 My expanding territory is testing my scalability.
My cell phone keeps messing up ...I think I might get a new one next week!
Woohoo!!!! :D We have a lot of musical taste in common!!!
This weekend only: Free Waiter or Waitress Training....
“: Why is channing tatum the hottest man alive! #manofmydreams #wanthimsobad” Amen!
Got blocked from Facebook for two days for having a video with the song "Baby" by Justin Bieber going on in the back
ill kill you!
Sitting up against United Center....soaking up the sun. Don't wanna go inside........(that darn rent.)
is Brandon Roy planning a comeback? Hear from the former Blazer , tonight!
me neither... just got spacers there killing my mouth ... feel better
This a good game. This celts vs sixers about to be a series. And a triple double for the boy Rondo!
On our way up to Jugs Hitching Post !!! Show starts at 9:30 !!!
Had so much fun working with foster children today. Their gingerbread houses turned out great!
Just watched the hunger games trailer. March 23rd can't come soon enough.
Damn the bartender at the dirty dog bar just gave us jello shots made with everclear. "I GOT A FEELING" "THAT TONIGHTS GONNA BE A GOOD NITE"
: That is a scary combination to take on our nation's capital… I'm worried for the coffee shops and the python...
- well we can spill some beer for our homie ( ) tomorrow night
Thanks to & for amazing dinner+cocktails (and some of the best service of my life, no joke). Will def be back!
Fate leads the willing but drives the stubborn
They should of made hologram 2pac 20ft tall... Fuck it, bring on hologram Mighty Joe Young
#writingsurvey: how early do you wake up to start your creative process? Please RT!
I am no where near Korea, but I love you in America.
u should name your dog snowflake or angel follow me please
lol that's actually true lol
Returning to romantic accessories-silks, velvets, brocades, organic shapes in luscious, seductive colors-all of life should be so delectable
Sweet, another tweet!))
Black Cocoa Creme Joe? Box of Black Cocoa & Chocolate Lunarmax donuts? $10 DD card? All up for grabs, tweet us 4 chance to win!
The Oakland Raiders will select Josh Robinson with their first pick on the count of he's fast.
I just remembered . My life is amazing! I almost forgot for a moment. I am proud of the life I created.
Make sure u come out this Sunday to Club Halo. The sexiest party in Sunday night just got hotter 18 to dip 21 to sip get @ me to get n Free
Been drinking alot of water today getting sick of it.
Pull your feet from the mud and GO
yes, and so good to be with an audience as they watch...having all the little hopes from back on the day...
Looks great !! I just bookmarked your site tks : )
exactly what i was thinking!! April Fools on a Monday next year kind of makes up for it :)
Do you like wasabi peas? I love them!
you're a super cool dude. Love ya
Breakfast at Papagayo.
consider it an entrepreneurial opportunity.
With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House last week! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Update out for iPhones, iPads and iTouch 5.1.1 - just bug fixes. Go to settings > general> software update.
- that's crazy. Sorry I missed you. I'll be back tomorrow. We're hitting up the Cubs game tonight! Whoop whoop!
Playoff hockey is a rollercoaster of emotions. 3 goals in 65 seconds.
what class u in?
what a # Valentines! #Knicks win! #Rangers win! my lovely wife and I had the melting pot fondue delivered to our house!
Last night's "The Good Wife" featured a former Friend, Matthew Perry. But he wasn't very Friendly.
Sounds good. Thanks as well. Continued success!!!
is a goddess. This is all. (This is not news.)
back on the streets tomorrow !! Red Velvet is on the menu
HI TOM I TOLD YOUR BREAKUP BOMB FERRY STORY ON DONGTINI
Who really killed Micheal Jackson? God sits high and looks low...
