I'm virtually slapping whoever says its an engagement ring.
Iced caramel mocha is my guilty pleasure
The end of an era...
Saw someone on facebook with the name "Michael Ikeeplosingbets Giants"
It's raining in LA today.. I should start doing my homework
“: I need to get a tattoo NOW.” get one with me darling!
Recent eat: Amol on Ludlow. Decent Food, good imported beers, bizarre service. Ambar still holds 1st place for Cincinnati's best Indian food
probably getting in really late tonight... you gonna be around for a while or is this just a quick cameo visit?
I would have laughed a year and a half ago, but now I just feel your pain. :/
Looking forward to our Annual Ambassador BBQ THIS Sun. from 1-3:30pm at the Leonard BBQ pit! Can't wait to see all our new members!!!!
I need a weekend getaway to a beautiful hotel...need to try has anyone been?
shot a rack bet a rack u gambling with ur savings
My mom worked in public schools for 20+ years. She told me 2go into teaching because it brought her joy & meaning. Always listen 2mama!
Vanilla nut Duncan donuts coffee is too tasty :D
going blonde tomorrow. this head is in dire need of a change, and a smokin' hot one at that!
Just got a free ticket to Jack White tomorrow night. Hell yes.
Wilbanks for Murray-Rust: if we can't change the contracts (right now), publicize contracts.
I hate seeing 1 of my friends or family really sad.
I hate people who are lazy and Irrattating!!!!!!!!
I can't even fit a dress and a single bed in my room together, the fuck am I supposed to fit all my shit
since I study graphics in college and i do so much computer, social media is starting to feel like homework
cant wait to be in my babe's arms tomorrow. #muchneeded #muaaah <3 ;)
The seat belt broke on our truck. I look like a child in grown up clothes with it dangling off of me.
West Warwick is the club that burned down when Great White was playing in Rhode Island, in case you were wondering.
Lets go pay some bills today.
My neighbor's chickens are so annoying. Bock bock bock-FUCK YOU.
that's some shiggitty!!!
Some just aint right about nina??????
My Faith In God has given me peace
yeah, it sucks... but getting well deserved rest time.. thx. :-)
Hi Betty, just beautiful! I love DC, loved living there when we did. But raising a child there was not cool.
thanks for the HR Schoolhouse RT yesterday.! Happy Friday.
Drink well, drink OTR, Drink Lackman with us this weekend!
Are you ready for your blood to rise?
What are hashtags? o.o
I need to survive midterms, so I'm DM once I'm free, but I will be at this Sunday if you love food trucks.
Woohoo Saturday is here. ;-) come get a relaxing pedicure $28
Thanks for following...here's to positive tweets that are useful too the masses!
their Zombie ep was the one that made me a believer.
Carl Woese is on to what is next. Sees biological evolution differently. More lateral gene transfer. Genetic networking.
thnx! we are happy to be connected to a great org. looking to brand #nwindiana as a "region of innovation"
#kids Creative Space at Creative Space, Sun, May 20 12:00p: A group show of local artists featuring works by: Aki Ishiguro Bruno...
Smash on sum snicker ice cream.....this fye
Teamed up with a firm that does Forensic Mortgage and Appraisal Audits. I think it is THE hottest weapon in the fight against foreclosures!
so, let's recap. Commish is judge, jury AND rules on all appeals? Someone f'd up for the nxt 10 yrs @ that CBA
Alex farted and I wanna puke..
hahahaha I just saw this now. What's up?
I wish i could be a singer but that would be hard to get discoverd so many people say "well not everybody can be a singer" what should i do
yuuupppp I got my Oreos on deck and my juices
I agree w/ you that part of Melo celebrating is his persona... but I'm really just going on playoff record.
Should I take Winstol?
I did now follow
thank you!!!! Its about time lmao.
yes ma'am. Http://wwwclevelandprojectorrentals.com
u know I check all day everr day!
The feel-good story in "Moneyball" would have more impressive if it hadn't ignored the real-life talents of Zito, Hudson, Tejada, & Chavez.
Who, Angel?
Eric and I are picking BatMan up at 2:30 tomorrow!!!
#ForSmallBiz Support good vibes! Follow us!!
do you young man
Going to say goodnight now. Hope you all have a great rest of the evening!
Playing again tonight from 6-6:45 w/ Come on out!
Sade and John Legend at the Staple Center! What, What!!
anyone have advice on a good diagnostic for wordpress sites to seek out and find malware?
oh that's so funny. Get it? Because Perry forgot the third thing that one time.
Will be connecting with Henry Doorly Zoo this morning to discuss genetic conservation. Yesterdays presentation was good.
Hey man hoping to get up here in fort Wayne so we can see ya may 12th!
Was on a date last night... how did it go...?
I hate when my dad gets called in.
just signed up for a conference in Milwaukee....hello #sausagerace!!!!
hey Phil!!!!! I like your face, will you marry me?
Tell me you don't believe what any GM says. It's all a chess game.
Love writes a letter, and sends it to Hate.
omg its SO bad.
I don't care if is 8:30!! I want to stay down at the barn!! I love my horses(:
don't let the engineers repair the Atlas! Focus on killing the Atlas first and everything else will fall
Try google latitude widget for your google homepage.
im sorry your sad. Yeah im busy im at work. Im sorry!
If I were in/visiting China, I'd be very careful about following that account. Unfortunate but true.
RT : so Dwayne is concerned about your loyalty?
RT : Im just glad my freakiness dont turn u off
Towns and park today?
Thanks! Isn't the party hat one of the coolest things you've ever seen? I need to find one to wear in real life.
Did you mess up & eat junk yesterday? That's OK... just get back on track today. Treadmill, weights, healthy eating. You CAN do it! Luv ya!
Thanks! RT : we have reported all the spammers as they posted. reporting event to twitter.
such a horrible night:/
thnx! right back at you!
ok... Beck and Trina.... Why is this so shocking?
If your water claims to be "skinny" you probably shouldn't be drinking it.
"Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me..." (Psalm 23:4 NLT)
Did you see how that real story played out?
- I love you beautiful (:
watched you on twitcam and you made me love you even more!! <3 YOUR ACCENT IS AMAZING and youre so adorable :) FOLLOW ME!
is anyone playing ff13 two and how is it
Cut that mf music off cuz!
Peace out #Rochester! See you in a few days! #Minneapolis or bust!!
Saw him play in person over xmas at tri-city. 1st game was a shutout!
This is I love you bestfriend
I would have written the same article regardless of gender. In the article I do not say one way or the other.
Awww thanks!!! uhmmm me too but cant u download pics from ur phone to ur computer??
Ferry was the best coach in the metro in my opinion! He & Braica.
hey i am well... it has been a long time...
Getting in the wedding spirit at the for the #VowBridal Show!
hahaha you should be!!! (proud not dying)
No ones words hurt me as much as yours do
I missed the #BigTimeTourSpecial :(
summer cant even handle us right now. Haha
#Huguely judge is now asking jury how late they plan to work tonight.
Delance where's the rocks?
possibly the best breakfast ever - say Hi to Wanda, she's the amazing owner
No, that's all of us. Particularly heavy handed in the second movie.
The deference 2 James Harden: Such a great ability of the OKC team, such a valuable skill 4 an off guard 2 have.
So I saw your post on Tumblr about the TAP private party, and my friends and I would definitely be interested! :)
I think i like my followers more than my real friends.lol
Still cannot believe the referees didn't see that hand pass, unbelievable.
anyone a member of a Y in Charlotte? I may sign up today and I can use you as a referral if you want a month free :)
Erica Newland, #CDT: UTenn study: average users would have to spend 180-304 hours/yr to read privacy policies of all sites they use
keep hustling out there Big Baby...we need that win tonight, we want to see you guys again at the Amway!
nothing.. I hope you read this so i can tell you i love you so mutch!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Swamp people freak me out.
really enjoy the " things I didn't learn in #libraryschool " posts.
Merry New Year...I mean Happy Birthday to !!!
rude..didn't even comment..
thank you for the great concert last night in Chicago my daughter and I had a great time!
Lol my dad said he didnt want me at his funeral,i agreed, but nw imma go jus tah mke sure he dead x to dance on his grave :) lmao
Dove Awards tonite, can't wait!
Broke ass niggas go that way ---->
Tag...you're it!
something.huge.down.throat. haha “: CAN'T.stop.coughing.”
HTM Legendary Bulldogs - we are expecting puppies late november. www.htmlegendarybulldogs.com and www.facebook.com/htmlegendarybulldogs
I thoroughly approve of Taylor Green's choice of #atbatmusic: can't go wrong with "Layla" by Derek and the Dominoes
Playing Jenga while listening to the TRON: Legacy soundtrack = EPIC.
As it should, Every Great Dream Begins with a Dreamer, Do the Damn Thang, U Deserve It!!!
Always a nice feeling driving next to a "Illinois Prisoner Transportation Vehicle" on the highway... 😳🔫🔒💺
CAN YOU HELP ME WITH MY WEIGHT. MY E-MAIL ADDRESS IS
Man is a universe within himself
Too cool. Cheers.
adam and eve don't eat that fruit 2chainz ''voice''
When I met other animators that were in the biz before I got in... I never let "can you look at my reel" be the first thing out of my mouth
<3 miss me
Everyone follow ! Also, check out the event page on fb - since twitter lacks in that department.
Lol good thing it's a kids. At times you have trouble finishing the bigger one
maybe thats what I need to shake this headcold. Have any left?
Thanks for the follow - more on the website www.Historic-FortMyer.com
I was just reminded as to why I moved away from home.
#IThankGod for another Life that he gave to me.
There's also something to be said about arguing with yourself. Alone. At full volume. Shaw volume.
royers in the shower
Should #royals fans start talking about who we will draft #1 overall next year.
"Mary is paler than before and her eyes shine with unnatural brilliance."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
how can he compete with ?
Slept in today op's guess I needed it!
Check out my second twitter .
thx for the follow!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a creative weekend and a Happy Easter!
Schedule rest so that you're able to focus. Find flow in the chaos.
Sun Drop is the absolute worst soda pop on earth!
So proud of my husband today!
Johnny Depp is coming out on Jimmy Kimmel, I love this guy!
Can't KAL without yarn. Hook me up!
Thanks for the RTs!
You get cash for your smartphones, computers, tablets, gadgets and help save the environment.
#Packers #Superbowl tees selling fast...some left. Hats supposed to come tomorrow. 608-241-8807
5 mile run was good, but did not solve my technical problems :P
Automatic spell check changed Otis Redding to Otis Reading. I apologize, sir! No disrespect!
But where's Ray J?
#FF my buddy who is brand spankin' new to the Twit Engine.
Thanks; so far it seems pretty worthwhile!
i had no idea u had a owner smh.... wow i think we should talk anymore is pissing ur owner off
Yeah I prepped the drive for both Mac and PC. I even exchanged the HD AND the Mac Mini. It works fine on my Macbook Pro
#Dallas citizens pass $30M bonds in '06 to upgrade #Cotton Bowl. +$7M likely to be in '12 bond vote to help keep TX OU game.
7 yr old says why can't zoo have school? Cause there too many cheatahs...Joey big fan!
inspiration: deep ambivalence, fear, a horrific imagination? writers: Conrad, Dostoyevsky, Guy Debord, McCarthy, Rider Haggard.
HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP I JUST WON TICKETS TO CARRIE UNDERWOODS PRIVATE CONCERT IN NYC TOMORROW.
agreed. Glad I read in the parenthesis
#NP So Far To Go x J. Dilla ft Common
RT : 3 most dreaded letters 4 athletes world wide "ACL." I feel terrible 4 D Rose. We all praying 4 a speedy recovery.
lmaoooo get off twitter man
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!! <3 lovee you
"huge" was the correct answer. :)
I love ReTweets...thanks for spreading the positive!
Sitting next to former Yankee & Bluejay Tony Fernandez in FLL airport.
Love it!
The late Mike Wallace was the only journo w/chops to ask YMCMB the real questions: "Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?"
thanks for the RT!
doesn't matter to me!
Thanks for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
At the comedy show
On the road again. The last leg of my return trip to KC.
#shoutouttothegirlsthat want to wear their Chuck Taylor's under their wedding dresses. The grinners & unprofessional dancers!
So very true!
tweet this bitches, Childish, that is Childish Gambino will be at The Riv in Chicago on March 30!!!!!! Gonna be a riot!
Met agents yesterday, now must finish the memoir.
New collection coming soon in Oct--stay tuned!
Bad things happen so you can see who is there for you at the end of the day. once you realize who really is, thats all that really matters.
Because is so cute and his eyes & smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you (her's) is very lucky!<3
thas badass i cant believe my cousin made it all the way up there
Life is a gift, no moment to waste, be lifted by the wings of joy, be carried by the winds of grace.
Clients are now 2 for 2 in August on huge underdogs. Today was FLA +230..and I feel damn good about that!
Please file as many lawsuits against the illegal #NDAA as you can the second our hypocrite presidents signs this monstrosity.
Thanks David! I hope to join back with the team after my wedding next year... life is too hectic right now to keep up. :)
you'll be okay., I'm going to pray for you and I love you
Time to get out the water. Im pruning.
This home court advantage >>>>>>
Hotlanta I mean Atlanta Georgia the peach state for an hour
Can World of War Craft be used for an educational advantage? Just wondering...
Much needed 3rd place yesterday!
I like when he pulls the mic from the back of his overalls. Gah.
This rain sucks
Oml lol my stomach is killing me
RT Have A great weekend
#WaysToGetOffThePhone i have to feed my food some food.
listening to jedi mind tricks, this music is deep :P
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Success is never final and failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. -Jules Ellinger
WE have all been given everything we need. Air..Food, clothing, shelter...& even Energy! A plan that will benefit All! Not just the 1%.
visit me this Sunday, July 10th at my open house: 3651holboro.com
at work again with my mom... doctor's appointment later, I hope this works out, on my 7th specialist...
Norris J (EWHC) delivers judgment in Re Liberty International PLC case relating to creditor issues in a demerger: [2010] EWHC 1060 (Ch).
That singer looks like the love child of Simon & Garfunkel.
Im sorry if i pushed you away
Nice. W/ #PervasiveComms & rate of tech, when we figure optimal app use, it's usually changed/obsolete.
Time to move on
Haha that scorpion woman from #anchorman is in this show
The Team is coming together
me too
aww thanks baby. Bein with u makes me happy
Ladies Night!
Things should be back to normal now. Let us know if you have any more problems.
Life Is only hard when you don't try
Aye L.O.
my pleasure. Thank the late great Steve Jobs for designing such an amazing piece of art!
": #Gemini's have high divorce rates because once they get disenchanted with you, they leave rather than work through it."
Great, thanks. Could you please give me an email address to send the questions to?
Do you think your people struggle with being true to themselves? Do their values match up with their work?
So adorable! I was busy training this morning, and cooking all afternoon!
Vandys 3 point shooting is crazy.
have you had that happen o you
ahaaha. Nah.thanks !
ate you for real that is yours
Beautiful breezy day in NYC today. This kind of weather is my favorite!
Thanks for the shout outs , , -- you all do great work too!
Had breakfast with Ray, Corey and Bill yesterday Dan and Laurie today...all former board members for Life Success and still great friends!
I guess. Damn fuzz just keeps growing back.
Happy Day, Natalie. RT : Sacramento! Join me in wishing the wonderful a VERY happy birthday!
you assume that Whitney's death is necessarily connected to her "struggle" and that hasn't been proven & right now not relevant
I finished my backup of 180GB yesterday. decides to charge me over three times as much today. Great.
George Zimmerman Will be charged. Best news I've heard all year. Prayers have been answered 🙏🙏🙏🙏 Hallelujah 🙌🙌
Misses kinda alot
Keep God first and you'll never be last.
Non-Equity Jeff Awards nominations came out last night. Did your favorite performances make the list?
Thanks for the follow Lisa!!
Sweet jumper by
Your success is up to you!
I think I have a crush on Captain America. Or Chris Evans. Or Chris Evans as Captain America. This is surprising. Sorry Hawkeye.
Hate to say it, but the US has a lot of work to do if it wants to keep up with our neighbors to the South...Mexico wins the U17 World Cup!
My point is that a white neigborhood watch guy killing a black man is a blip compared to black on black crime. Focus is misguided
hm... Well, there are a lot of smart people here. :)
In one ear - Cage the elephant :D
ah the Calming effects of a Padron.. wait till u get to the big ones.. did they come back from desert state? they were DRY
you say you fresh, I say #shutyodumbassup you bout as fresh as spoiled meat.
How are you gonna be driving a brand new Escalade and paying at 7-11 with Food Stamps? C'mon people. Have some freaking dignity.
Sweet! “: Get ready for some special Mother's Day posts tomorrow & Sunday on our page!”
RT : RT : "Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." ~Abraham Lincoln
If things were easy to find they aren't worth finding.
Incredible Southsider today. Shared with Chi-town friend and he said closest thing he's has to real thing here. Good work!
Have a great time! Happy Easter!
Good lookin out on the verse homes...
Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That’s why girls wear make up and boys lie.- Wiz Khalifa
Hey ! Just landed in LA. You around the next few days? Would love to see ya girl!
as we I, Callie is a great character
This Saturday... Earn your weekend.
lol tell me about it
I love the way you are always there, even so far away. You're perfection and I never want to do without you.
Peace Fans :)
Why, are they all gone?
Wearing dress shirts tucked into jeans with sneakers.
doing a story on this? If you do, tweet me.
#5thingsaboutme 2.I want to rap with one day. I mean, I can rap. I just can't write.
You got what you deseved from Tamron. You were completely disrespectful, and to say there is no #waronwomen is just tone deaf.
thanks Carole! I've wanted pink hair since listening to No Doubt's CD in middle school. Lol.
Hey man - I like Dropbox...
You were the best mixed couple of 2012
idk everything just yet bro but I'll let u know man
Your welcome.
I just seen someone that has a face even an Instagram filter couldn't fix.
Your mother is a whore. Yes I mean you.
RT from IranL unconfirmed - several Generals have been arested -
wat it is big homie....this brian nigga where you workin at now bra
#RomneyPickUpLines: Let me see your assets.
So.......now I have to decide which side to start with?
The Nutty Professor with Eddie and Jada is on HBOZ!! Too funny to this day!
Hi, #blogchat! Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommas in the house.
Can't wait to see what God has in store for ! May the fruits of your labor always glorify Him... <3
Goodness of God leads men to repentance. Paul...
How long does the paragraph have to be?
Tonight, the venue takes both my job and 20% of our sales. Tomorrow, we eat 80% of a meal.
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: ,
It's okay to grow slow. Slow and strong is preferable to fast and weak. It takes time to develop that core.
Albuquerque Fire Dept says smoke in the area is from AZ, not local via
Seems a few people are doing it (besides us, now) and there's actually an account. I love Twitter. :D
Romeo and Juliet is the most hardest book i have ever read, i dont get why we're reading it in English Class
more followers would be nicee but its ok im still going too be me
aha, just that it can be extremely nice and lots to do in parts depending on where you go :)
Sittn waiting to get in the chair next ...
thanks bud :) how are you? i havent talked to you in forever.
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow!
that is so awesome!
ooh, do tell!
It wasn't even about you...
We almost stayed there for our honeymoon. Took the tour; people were very friendly & helpful. Seemed fine to me.
I think I might be able to go to bed before 2 am today! Yay!!!
i don't know what that means, but will do.
oh i thought you were asking me and mike to make love
Financial well-being is simply not thinking about money you havent earned, to buy things you dont need, to impress people you dont like
The Bon Iver station on Pandora is really amazing.
Dropped my phone twice in class, should i stay or should i go. Just be chasing pavements
hey big fan of ur work Im out of Dallas as well, I would luv to c if ur up for coffee to talk shop
#ROBERTSBAD AND HE KNOWS IT
eating a lovely dinner at before Mac shopping.
When Spassky was asked whether he prefers sex or chess, he answered: “It depends on the position…”
Excited to see my first live pitch on Thursday xx
“ What rapper do yall want me to collab with?”|Drake
. on #PrinceGeorges #bagfee: "The idea is not so much to raise revenue, the idea is to get people to behave differently."
ik did u listen
Yoga 3times a week,pump iron 3times a week & 1 hr of arobics 7 days a week helps give some peace to sleepless nights from wife of 31yrs gone
Epic goodbye Mark! One for the books.
I'm home .. Lol
I miss chicken sandwiches from Woolworth at Universal Mall.
nope:( my dad has some soccer game that weekend and wont take me. its depressing
by "spilled" I assume you mean "put" because that sounds awesome.
IT'S JUST THE XXL APP THE "READYORNOT" FREESTYLE FEATURE COMES INCLUDED IT'S ONLY THRU IPHONE I THINK.. NOT SURE #GETTEM!
you rock!!!! I hope u have an awesome day too!!
say hi
CVS texted me to let me know my prescription is ready. neat.
I have to visit there
just one hour babe!
Sick of everyone
The assignment desk is also a hub for directions!
speaks a good game regarding fairness doctrine, net neutraility, fcc. Defund the #FCC, don't just criticize their over reach.
I have always been suspicious of any creed, of any conviction, of any program that ignores contradictions - Peter Brook, theater director
happy birthday princeton,enjoy your day, ur 15 :o
I never smoked so theres not a #FirstTimeISmoked And don't plan on having one 
see I'm at my moms and where you at
#NBA RT : I don't like Mike Brown's history of hero ball plays in late game situations.
Congrats all around!
That awesome moment when you're arguing with your dad about who of the both of you is most normal.
Yeah, in my roto league. Though I did get Dunn in the 10th round or later of all 3 of my leagues.
Happy Birthday!!!! <3333 :D
#knicks down 0-2.:-\ they have some great basketball yet to play #msgrecovery lets make em sweat for it!
Have a blessed day tweeters!
Merry Christmas! :)
Stop on by and meet out newest crew member Mike.
: Happy New Year, 2010 better be good!
Lace up
haha grillmaster... what you doing tonight?
most dried shellfish on acquired taste list. Im trying though.
I'm sold. I will try on my next responsive website.
Bad news: Thursday night $1 Bud and Bud lights were at least $3 last I checked. You've been warned!
If God is for us, who can ever be against us? Romans 8:31
OMG That Part Was Amazing!!!! Haha Chaz Is My Favorite Character In Your Story!!! :)
sweet! I can't wait!
Why do we crucify ourselves? Everyday iI crucify myself. Nothing I do is good enough for you.
That's awesome. is a fave of ours and they are very good to ! We love !!
we'll keep our fingers crossed ;)
If you are into Post-Apocalyptic Zombie, fantasy, romance or crave a good storyline, "The Forest of Hands & Teeth" should please!
Trying to decide whether to go back to sleep or not. At this point I have had about 1 hr of sleep total. Someone make my brain shut up!
it's #nationalbestfriendday!!! i love you girl!!!!! thanks for being such an amazing friend for 9 years<333
I'll be at #PII2012 on another topic. Looking forward to meet you.
The meaning of the word slut is very clear. It's a vile slur. Language has consequences. Unless you're an ass.
If Reggie Evans has vertigo, I take it all back, but if he doesn't, how does he even take a shower without falling down immediately?
Just realized my blog settings had the time zone set as Africa. Oops.
Slow week, looking forward to the next one.
Trying to save some money to make a run at Man Ram. Keep that a secret.
great art there loved it :]
I really want to watch the #AdamsFamily!!
Is America the only place that celebrate other countries holidays by gettin drunk as hell?; ie St. Pattys Day & Cinco De Mayo
Well, I'll let it slide this time. But if it happens again, I'm cutting another corner off your nerd license.
On the Rail, just saw Bost yelling on the monitor. Anyone with audio know what about?
Will you remember me? Cause I know I won't forget you.
Good morning! Are you in the Antelope Valley? Looks familiar to me. :)
i dont understand!
Heidi! Sorry I missed this before. Good Seasonings mix w olive oil & balsamic vinegar. PLUS a big dollop raspberry preserves
The #Yankees are the only team in the AL that's yet to give up 10+ runs in a game. The NL has 5 such teams.
i'm still hungry.
What movie is this on BET..??
Omg Love Song just came on akfusodysldhspzba Damien used to always play this song on the piano to me
I have a hit song I'm working on and I need a better hook
Turn on San Diego Channel 10 news at 6 for story on my client, Jane Roe, who was sexually assaulted by former SDPD cop Arevalos.
amen to that!
Happy Monday!! Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!!
HAHAHHA my fave part was the narrator!! by far!!
10 I think, not that I'm recommending it...lol
Ew. Throw some soy sauce at them.
"You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it." Earvin Magic Johnson
Special thanks to for helping us put on a great
"Yet, under all circumstances, trusting to our Maker .. we will not despair, or despond." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p120
4 shot frappe to wake up...
I was working tonight.
Yay!!! RT : Can't wait to do some guest vocals for ! :)
Life is god :)
's Coates says visit www.cso-effectiveness.org for more information leading up to 4th high level forum on aid effectiveness
NBD,, Disconnect when im on a 32 killstreak! FUCK YOU!
great point. I'm not sure how they do it...
I can't believe this Movement crap isn't over. Do you really think Yogi is THAT good?
its soo annoying!
RT : just confirmed, special guest sponsored by !!!
Gross! RT Trying to remember the last time I had hot chocolate- and wishing I had some in the house.
Oh no, what a bummer! Did they give you ticket vouchers for next time?
6 days until my birthday. I expect a happy birthday.
tell me how you get so many followers no & jane
4th quarter best ever
I'm glad I entertain you(: lmao
their site is down now!
Casey McGehee in the 9th inning?
Dianne Feinstein Defends Obama On Gay Marriage: 'What's Wrong With People Being Happy?': WASHINGTON -- Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif...
you've sparked my curiosity...
Effort is a commitment to seeing a task through to the end, not just until you get tired of it. - Howard Cate
The moment I create a flawless illustration I will quit. Until then I must keep drawing.
thank you! Hard work does pay off:)
I'm aware. It was a joke
Woke up excited for the week end then found it's Friday.
Nope. My mom needs help getting on Yahoo. Can't help you there. Sorry.
Every panel this am good at #sxsw running a biz, social media apis, and future of PR.
that would be #oscar sucks.
Live Twitter interview with curator Susan Davidson on the late American sculptor #JohnChamberlain going on now.
Hanging out with to kick off Realtors Care Day!
just nailed the practice pitch for for demo day tomorrow...repeat performance coming tomorrow afternoon.
Whitney Houston I will always love this woman...amazing I was just thinking of her the other day...Retweet If Whitney is your sister(
I cant sing. But I can play 2 music instruments.
Juicy 07 Solà Fred (90% Carignan, 10% Garnacha) with grilled pork loin in pear/raisin/clove/cinnamon sauce, corn on the cob & haricot verts!
I'll just take it next time... RT : lmao um no that doesn't work ;)
#rooneymara looking good in white
will work on it “: If the Knicks are still playing when we get to NYC, we gotta find a way to see a game live!!”
Ugh this is pissin me off! O_o
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
yes let's do this again!
B-Jacobs gettin all Game of Thrones wit it RT "We decapitated them. They can't wear that crown no more" - Jacobs on Pats dynasty
my dad opened his pool so i hope it's nice enough to swim sunday
Remember this - #financialaid offers are for #freshman year in #college - only.
This is ATX is so awesome. RT : Rested from #SXSW? Good, because is ALL next week. Free.
It was hilarious xD but cool :p RT : playing (or trying to) just dance with :') &gt;
RT : MT We have a mighty challenge before us, to build a #neweconomy that serves the greater good.
I am taking a huge leap of faith today.
I love you so much.I hope you're having a great day!(:
WHAT??? Somebody better get their mind right! RT : These down south females in my job chosin, practically throwin it at me. Wow!
Somehow, snarking at the Grammy's three hours later, doesn't work for me. Sigh.
India Trip Fact #6: Hinduism makes up 74% of the population; Christians 5.84%. Evangelicals are 2.2%.
do the lakers fans at staples center know anything about basketball? they boo at every single call.
Game 7 of Caps-Bruins series. LET'S GO CAPS!!
It comes from the long connection to tabletop #RPGs, specifically Dungeons & Dragons -- but there are many different genres
no problem Ty. Glad you could make it.
Do you need excellent yet affordable head shots for Philly Actorfest, I am here to help, contact me
Idk how many times I gotta tell marquis I'm hungry
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you
We appreciate the follow, Steve.
Really girls? Back paddling now. U were all rude and evil.
Just a few more days until the launch of our brand new alumni website! We're excited for you to see it!
u were the main culprit going in last night haha
pop ups for free sex video chats. These popups, are preventing me from being able to do anything on the site. Please be patient with me,
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :-)
Cannot wait to see my nephew is his lil tux today!! #weddingcountdownison :)
Looking to have fruitful Friday
$50 Visa Gift card yours before 10:45a. I'll fill you in on
Hey you! How are you? I've been well... life is moving at warp speed :)
Did that last one make sense? The Dr. on board said that if her attack went too far, they can't do much to bring it back.
Great job Darin and. Bruce. great STATE OF ADDRESS. thank. you...
I got the second one!
No one sleeps on twitter😌
how's the talk so far?
Welcome to Twitter, Dawn!
Busy week ahead. Meetings and snow sculpting at Navy Pier.
Brian Stafford played his 120th career game - all starts - with DU last night, tying Kyle Lewis and for the most all-time.
i want some macaroons!!!
hell yeah america
I hate the nights i cant sleep. only 4 hours and 30 minutes of sleep. I feel like im about to pass out. ugh. curse school D:< Gr!
Crazy up in here
Overheard: "I can tell you're not listening." - Out-of-breath girl bluetoothing a conversation while jogging. Multitasking = failing x 2.
Drop by Tonight for some Live Cuban Music from 7:30-9:30pm.
fuuuckkkk she goes hard haha I'm done till thursday when I'm fully recovered hahaha we have to smoke next time :)
Soccer team <3
I got you, I have to were this sweaty ass elephant jersey
Great service at Gateway night...
I need a "please do not disturb" sign today -.-
martini when we are next in NY.
Right on, seconded ... RT : For the record, we love the idea of #foodtruck Friday moving to Red Arrow Park. :)!
yeah, that's not going to happen.
Good Morning! Come in and enjoy a free Blueberry Muffin on your early morning commute, just mention FLUFFY33
Mayor Hancock: We should never stop learning. We should never give up.
#NZWine lovers, what do you want to know about #NZwine? Tweet your questions to and have them answered at the live event!
hour long break from lessons?!? guinness and italian beef please.
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Thanks. I will let you know if I find someone.
Oh my gosh!!!! GUESS WHAT???
Rock Chalk Jayhawk
Awww...I was looking forward to it. We'll get up though, love u much.
A plague doctor? I hope your inspiration is the beak-potpourri mask worn by Robert Downey Jr. in Restoration!
": Next week is going to be awful" what's wrong stinker tinker?
Whos the Cowboy for me in the next at Parx :)
Looking forward to TALKN' TEA!
With what pants
Happy St. Patty's Ya'll! See you at the parades and then the celebration at night!
Arizona the only place that gives me #peace in my
favorite day of the week: Friday b/c of ustream & my new 2nd favorite day is Thursday b/c of throwback Thursday
have been trying to figure out the #nea hash tag to no avail
The story of #TrayvonMartin is heart wrenching.
#Jonez Poll: Dumber bastard, Rondo or Stoudemire?
Can I puhlease receive some good news!!!!!!
My senior ring is in this basement and I'm not leaving until I find it
You may see dueling live tweets from us at #lfi2012 : Laura Van Zeyl at Next Generation Luminaires Awards & Shanna Casey .
"for the men out there it is very important for us to learn about woman's rights and women's issues" - Zach Galifinakis at the rally!
I know I would've
Merry Christmas everyone!!
I didn't know narrated
i love you too !!! I will baby
Hey Shannon - Thanks for the RT about our Navy Pier location!
haha yeah you know :)
just the way it should be
miss you!!!
O's (P) Guthrie delt to Colarado Rockies
You know your topic is popular when people start posting music videos :P
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. -Charles M. Schulz
ALWAYS have mob friendly landing pages for mob consumers
#LakerNation n im hearing dat Steven A. Smith said Kobe better than Jordan shit i might have to agree
Cyndi Casey and Judith Taran, so pleased to have you as part of PEN. Welcome to our newest associate members!
Such a lazy day, don't even feel like going to the gym.
Is Matt Ryan calling plays?
great! The faster we replace it with simple, straightforward single payer, the better. You know --
For Mario, really?!?
Organizations create mission & vision statements, but how many of us have a personal statement that helps us direct our energy and focus?
Thought Biden was asleep already. I almost won the pool.
Ok people the recission is over with, unemplyment fell, and sales are gaining back. You need to start buying American made goods and cre ...
Thanks for RT. Any pre- theatre Alexandria restaurant recommendations for our patrons?
Great feedback on drug pipeline product today - lots of interest - looking forward to the National Aquarium tonight.
e! Love Ralph and Lauren! We need to set up a play date with them ASAP
yes he is!
I like your hair lol :)
No, I was only 30 then...
Ur so right where you been I miss talking to you friend
Pretty sure I did it to Wings fans a few weeks ago. Tough to keep track though, because I do a lot of rediculous things at games.
Next Thursday, wine dinner w/ Winemaker Rick Sayer of Rodney Strong Vineyards. 4 paired courses $59.95: For menu & more:...
Oops, sorry about that. Try now, we just followed you.
I am going to start to tweet again, I am always having happy thoughts and inspirational thoughts, thought I would share, hope you like!
whiskey. Of course. Sleep will come soon enough.
Just received email from with DNA offer. I went ahead and ordered the kit. Hope to link with family via DNA
at least we can both agree is a bad ass. Yes? No? I think so. :) Goodnight. :)
Still not feeling the same
Haha. Definitely. You should write a book. :)
I produce a few local Christian artists besides myself ..I would be interested in more info about your label..rory-mac.com
Ah! Will try to make it! What time are you crazy kids going?
wow ...holiday! woke up at noon ...now if i can do that everyday!!!
but I admit I'm not reading that sunscreen link. I've had melanoma (caught v early) and sometimes you gotta go 'na na na.'
I <3 viral videos! :P
SNL has all the GOP candidates singing at a bar about the campaign.
Talking to Doug from Weeds! On 4/20!!!
I will limit my salary to the median salary in the city of Milwaukee. I will aggressively find and remove waste and fraud from our budget.
Deleting everyone on facebook that don't know well, or at least not well enough. I'm so tired of facebook
Individual mandate in sweeping health care bill constitutional, federal appeals court says
that was amazing! Missin me some PAC
CNN report: Metro derailment on red line
People can serve on Non-Profit boards & be political. One must only look to Chris Kehoe for evidence of that.
If it came from a plant, eat it; if it was made in a plant, don't!
watching #BucketandSkinnersEpicAdventures this show makes me laugh i didnt notice you were the main character hahahah
i meant this kevin archie:
do more images lmao
reach out to about integrating a music element the ride sharing... (yes, music)
So is this #SuperMoon a real thing? Is it crashing into Earth or what?If so,I have a list of ppl I'm gonna punch in mouth beforehand.
And to all the kids who are drinking hand sanitizer - you are the bane of humanity and make me fear for the future of the world.
Have you ever had a little too much beer before giving a toast in front of a crowd? Tell us your funniest toasting stories!
Bummer. That is the worst part of living in a highrise shared with a hotel - fire alarm testing days. Poor puppy.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways stay a boyfriend because once you get married, fuck!!!!
When guys only want you for sex <<
you live in a place that has servant's quarters?
smh. We have models for community/university partnerships for camps; but key university & local non-prof folk have to step up
My bradda got one wit dis "Dressed Down" joint!!
#YouGetPointsIf you can make me laugh.
Every time I see you my heart melts
instead of saying i love something i'm a say i lust it
As a true Caps fan, I am not comfortable with a 2-goal lead with 7:30 to go.
Three #spartan sightings in Honolulu. Gotta love seeing green!
I am either too old, too out of touch or really slow. I don't get it....
She's a rich girl Buying all the clothes Wrist full of gold You already know She's a rich girl Yeah, she's got cash Pocket so thick. <3
"Breathe out, so I can breathe you in."
RT : Women in Production is a free trade fair featuring #Haitian designers, creators and entrepreneur.
“There is no arrow straight path..., so it does no good to worry about if you’re doing it the right way – look for all oppotunities"-SGudasz
looks pretty cool, thanks!
Thanks to all our recent new followers.
:D RT The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Charlie and the Chocolate Ripple Factory
I need to work on that cause i cant be heart broken
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Holy rain!!
What now
Glad you can make it! Will be an exciting event this season!
Working on a Tea party cake. Can't wait for you to see the delicious goodies
Congratulations Jennifer!
LOVE:giving someone the ability to destroy your heart,but trusting them enough not too!!!
I totally understand Jack Donaghy and his mother. You can love and hate somebody with the same ardor.
Hey guyz sorry i havent been on so much!!
So...'scrumdiddly' is out, too? You guys are so Draconian.
lol good to know
i will tweet wiht you if you whant
Billboard? Heck, I think you should have a talk show!
Looking forward to seeing creative costumes at the Halloween party, while my girls will have their eyes on the candy.
Looking for collabos ! Reach out if interested!
going over the research for todays council meeting on human svs sec. in mayor's budget. It going on right now. I'm not schedule until late.
He means ennabling techs that spread liquid content. Mixed metaphor from a guy with a BS in mech eng from MIT. But I get it.
Thank you so much ! :) LOL
Having issues with my sound board. Getting nice fuzz and only sound in the left channel. Once resolved I will start filming!
When writing web services, using XmlNode as an operation's request data contract isn't very descriptive
I ball 4 eva
The florida mall, home of the slowest walkers in the world.
Whos from australia and is the sexiest human bin? Cody simpson cody simpson codyyy simpsoon !
I swear it was the makeup
Hey , does Corey Hart lead the league in K'ing to end an inning? I feel like he's slammed many a helmet this year.
where you at boi?!
I want you to do it even more now that Quin doesn't want you to do it lol stand up to his girlfriend beating ass
mellow out man! & don't worry..it's nothing n.n
any word on when the Dirk podcast will be up?
Eczema Treatment - Stay Close to Stay Healthy
hell yeah.
k so this summer I'm gonna walk to Texas and were gonna meet Austin together. Bye.
The Jordan True Blues look nice, what do u think.
Starting this next weekend, our hours will change slightly: Friday, 12-8p and Saturday 12-6p.
I've said for years this event sucked! RT In memory of this Slam Dunk contest, Sprite says it will have no fizz for a year
Didn't promote it cuz it sold out quickly but had a great time last night with & !
I'm sick! Hbu
A John Daly - an Arnold Palmer with sweet tea vodka - is even better. :)
LOL, theres so much going on!!!!!!!!
I MISSED KETURA.TV LAST NIGHT! CURSE MY LIFE.
Love love? Then you're going to love Compulsive Love. Love, the Compulsive Love team.
Sunburnt and loving it..its about time I get some color here. Work has made my skin immune
I love ! It keeps me motivated... and lets me know how many miles I've logged on the jog stroller's tires- but we're...
Never gone to see a movie by myself.
Love starting the #ETP2012 morning with 's storytelling workshop. Always a great session.
Cool beans. Thx for the introduction. It's my first improv show in YEARS. It should be...interesting lol
how? lol everyone is the same.
Good Stuff! Running builds confidence,my belief.
thanks :). Well talk later ;)
Merry Christmas to you all. Keep warm.
interesting idea. What industries do you have in mind?
I'm not an old lady yet
whenever you tell me "settle down" or "chill out", i WILL freak out even more!
It really is though! Feels like there isn't enough hours in a day
yeah thank god! Haha
is a man among girls, and that's no lie.
This day of baseball is so ridiculous.
its hard 2 follow people if its the same people on twitter need more people 2 follow please
Hank Williams, Jeremy Lin and Ben Franklin are now tied for best all-time Americans
Midtown Green Team planted 10 new street trees Sunda thanks to super volunteers in Mount Vernon.
Another busy day! Lots accomplished yet again! feeling great. I hope you all had a wonderful day as well!!
It feels absolutely lovely outside right now. I wish I was sleeping out here tonight.
i was hiking wit my cousins my brother nd my uncle (:
Great day as 2nd cam on #Injusticeforall with
remember that i don't forget shit
yay! We are twitter stalkers again! Haha how have you been?
Drunk ≠ tweeting
If you or someone you know could benefit from marriage and family therapy, give us a call at 303-756-3340 to find out how!
Bottomline: it's about creating community... And, someone adds, creating rules for participation.
When people give me rides, I say thank you like 20 times cuz I appreciate them going out of their way for me.
Dierra actually is rude. lol seriously.
Holy ball
Parsing Endnote and preparing for an upcoming micro puppet show
HOSPAC met Rep. Vicki Truitt, R-Southlake, Monday with hospital execs from DFW area to discuss health care and the 2013 legislative...
And John Axford finally blew a save.
Dream big, and achieve those dreams, Manifest your dreams into reality!
Although I bear no hate for Tom Brady as a person/player, Skip Bayless is rapidly turning me against him with his bull shit. #Rodgers>Brady
OK, I will place a signature line without a name...I don't mind signing OR people can ask someone from their district? OK?
"Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly." Robert H. Schuller
is excited to pick up the August issue of sometime today!
Trailer is out, 2nd cut almost done on "Come Morning". Festival ready pretty soon. Yippee us. After all the pain, seeing it will be good.
Bernese Mountain Dog, the preferred breed of myself and Ms. Tex
(1/2) Girl you can crystal light sunrise which is like OJ or crystal light appletini and they have a few others..and they are zero every ...
DESSERTS CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
2 MORE MINUETS!! :D
Tip 1: Use the 9 iron
Thank you for hosting our Holiday party, you guys rock!
There is nothing that is meritorious but virtue and friendship; and indeed friendship itself is only a part of virtue. -Pope
Standby on concert deets... will get them out as soon as we close the loop on performers' confirmations!
@ THE STUDIO WIT DA GUYS..I NEED A FEMALE FOR MY FREAKY CHICK TRACK..WHERE DA LADIES WHO KNOW HOW TO TAKE CHARGE OF DA MIC???
#heat go heat
Going home(; yeee! ;) i love u <3 have a nice day
This has got to die.
that's amazing <3
#GoodThingsInTheWorld my family, hands down the best thing in my world
Thank you! RT : Most journalists DON'T like the gruesome shots.. ie I don't need to see body on I-25, & we WON'T air it...
OMG, Avengers IMAX 3D! AMAZING!
Watching this series is like watching a heavyweight fight. Crazy!!
WHat is so wrong with Whites being a minority group? yes because none of the understand statistics...
yeah, can we see the elephant trunk?
"One who causes others misfortune also teaches them wisdom"-African Proverb #AAIP #AfricanArtsInThePark Aug 11&12 Downtown Pittsburgh PA
Thank you! Much appreciated.
Heh heh. Yes, your sectional is much nicer than my two metro shelving units.
My stomach just growled. I'm almost certain it said 'Hot Dog'...
#q Q&A: What do people in MLM use to assess the business opportunity financially?
School school school...
gotta them dreadheads
very happy to have found you yesterday, we'll be back!
Eyeliner! Yes! What makes Angelus infinitely cooler than Angel? Eyeliner, leather pants, & snark. :)
welcome to the league. Congrats on the first w as a vike
I have $5 and a few bits of string. =)
I make you cry in your panties ;)
Being in 2nd place means youre the first one to lose.
I would say after long day "chillaxin"
hm, interesting. I'll try that out.
There was a time in my life I wanted to be a flight attendant..who was I kidding? I'm scared to fly half the time.
Okay, last time I swear!
I miss u big head!
Oh Ok Bro
hate you!
Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place
make it nasty.
The guy who cooks & sells ribs in front of my dad's store is hilarious.
Lakers should let Denver win tonight. Let Artest suspension matter even less.
Gimme a follow so I can respond to yer message. Also, Hi!!! ::waves::
RT : "Reporters shout several questions at Romney on rope line & he answered none. No avail since march 16. Me: the media egos...
Get FREE TIX TO THIS SUNDAYS XTREME BASEBALL GAME at Cocoa Expo Stadium JUST GO TO to n-xbl.com and ENTER PROMO CODE: 816
Validated our service model, which comes from top down. Also, great hiring decisions.
My weekend wishes... WINS for: Bulls, Mavs, Thunder, Celtics and Pacquiao ...... Lets do this !!!!!
we are goona do it Boris.
Pretty content with staying in tonight and watching
can't wait till pittsburgh run ¡
Just a few more days and we will be moving into our new office. SO Excited.
thank you my love! :-)
Every time I see a white woman alone with cat food and/or litter I immediately think she is single.
happy birthday!
Are staring in the window or from a window?
thanks for the RT love. :-)
I haven't tried the Foursquare app yet. I loved Gowalla before that major update last year. They ruined it IMO :'(
Merry Christmas from KoreFit!
Happy Valentines Day #BleuHearts from to you!
yes, but click the link I sent. Top recruit signed by Turgeon.
theres a girl i know shes the one im dreamin of *hmm* looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above *hm* -How Will I Know
Dear moon, every night says good night to you and you leave him hanging. Show the guy a little love!
Interviews Are Like Confessions
A GIANT Douche
My mom said we might go to California thiss summer 😂 #HAPPY (:
That I have got to hear.
what did u end up doing yesterday when u guys left my house
Sorry I left off the "g" on a few tweets. Just check my previous tweets for more info about #Guatemala. Have a great trip!
Brooklyn Half?!?
We have our cutie patootie back tomorrow!!
“: what time does the function start?” 12pm-5pm Slide thru!
At 1am I'm pondering if kids will bug their parents to become members if only members can participate in book giveaways...
Any rain should come to an end by 7pm in Waukesha.
"I kissed myself on the shoulder and pretended it was another person," I said. "Your headlights are out," the officer repeated.
Riverdale is home to a truly bi-racial squirrel community, equal #s of black & grey squirrels. Humans, however, predominantly White, Jewish
You did enjoy the balls.
I'm in the car it's loud. I'll call u when I get home
RT A man who cares about his mother makes a wonderful husband
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Not really :( Only a mild distraction for the stress. Hope they sort it out really soon, Jala!
yes we do!
nope. Wednesday is. But we're going to dinner tonight! You're welcome to come :)
Is this great weather payback for last year, or the calm before the storm? I'm hope spring gets here ASAP!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, he can achieve. Napoleon Hill
Re previous (Sound Fjord): if anyone has an actual url where the call has been posted, please share!
On my way to #CaskFest with Check out for updates.
Gotta give Sean Combs props. His role in Get Him To The Greek is funny as hell. Did a damn good job.
we had 3 winners over announced on our timeline
Cutting pell grants is just another way to keep the poor; poor and uneducated
thanks for the retweet!
Aw, bummer about not sleeping! Hope you have a great time at the CC! Merry Christmas!
ha ha, I know but that one deserves it.
go on oovoo.
SO looking forward to the long weekend!! Have lots of stuff planned, and can't wait!!! You all be careful, and have a FABULOUS labor...
An excellent presentation. Showing the so called impossible as possible and more ... Stay tuned...
you tell him!!!!
don't give up as soon as this hectic week is over we can stretch together thru vc
I know you guys are busy with a due date less than a week away, #Acupuncture is a great way to relax your mind and soul
you need a valid college ID so stay in school
Out taking care of business getting ready for this cd release party on Friday March 30th @ Encore. 9pm-12am
"I'm here for a good time, not for a long time!"
Campaign fin ref is certainly one of my main concerns as well but corp lobby...
Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?
And season three of dragon ball z
why players sit with a broken handwrist/arm They dont really need em Look at out there playing with that wrapped wrist
Lots of fresh snow in the rockies. Find a way to get there
I will be on WTDY's Forward with Kurt at 10:30 this morning talking about today's #EqualPayRally at noon INSIDE the Capitol
RT : If you help enough people, you won't ever have to worry about money.
Chris, your future is cold... and foamy... bubbly too... amber colored?..beats me!
Solution to sorring gas prices? Don't buy gas, for a month. Simple supply and demand.
baby, you save me ♥
Rollover accident impacting 95 south transition to 15 south NOT getting better yet. Exit 95 at Valley View & take Charleston over
My turn to put a quote on the whiteboard at work, I adore this one. "Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan
im wide awoke tonight but whytho
and they start balloting like 3 weeks into the season
Still trying to get back into the swing of things. Still tired :)
Up and heading out to take some video for my vlog!
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday and God Bless keep your hopes and dreams alive because God is a man of all miracles!!
Heading to the airport? Expect to be thoroughly molested by TSA gestapo...
BBQ Smoked Pork is 1of our tailgate faves! RT : Great day in #Seattle! Watching #UW #HuskyFootball spring practice...
Use proper grammar, speak a bit of French, understand/drop obscure references & know your wine or coffee.
is formatting book one. The So Very Clever Girls Guide to Being a Guy's Girl. Coming soon.
i could not agree more.
very cloudy in nyc. Can you see the #supermoon?
Time to get some sleep. Gotta let the muscles grow! Goodnight =)
RT : RT : Getting a "hey, how are you?" text from the that one person can make your whole day.
hey haven't gotten an email from you w/ info yet, but just to let you know I have to do it before 6pm or so. :)
I'd say something. I get bullied myself. It doesn't feel good. If I saw someone getting bullied it wouldn't be pretty.
Just tapped HUB Survival Stout.
Planning an Event? Check out our unique event space on the concourse level for events up to 150 guests! Contact us to find out how we...
is accepting nominations to be her Maid of Honor...let me know if you're interested in fulfilling the position.
confirmed separate rooms! you getting in on this?!
Thanks for sharing...
Young lady at the bar asked a non black bartender why a DC beer is called "Chocolate City." His response: it was pre-gentrification......
this one seems to be working fine, but thanks for the offer robocop
10 Yrs. I Miss You Daddy: I was crying SO hard!
So excited to sign the contract for the first book in the Mayhem series, THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY!
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
That sucks. Take care.
I think people may hater her only because she's pretty- FULL OF HER SELF
Kill the Headlights -Nicole Atkins
Funny how people always seem to be the friendliest when ya have money ..then all of a sudden their gone
Customer perception is one of the most important factors to consider when creating a marketing strategy. Advertising works with ADWORX
#TonyBennett at the #vmas standing next to #LadyGaga?? Old man must have thought she was #DeanMartin!! lmao.
I value that too, but conference fees + hotel + flight + cost of work turned down equals more than £2k.
so has a brother?
Ill text you in the morning, my phone isn't receiving texts, I love you baby <3 x
Welcome to our new follower !
“: I got my suits for Derby weekend. #firedup” renting my house for Derby guests - $10K for the weekend
I've had extremely disappointing customer service from for my event - don't recommend them for
I dont believe a thing that comes out your mouth anymore
Food was great. We will be back again
you are gonna love it. Say hello to Mark ;)
If you get this email Tax Refund Notification "Internal Revenue Service" ITS A SCAM!! IRS isnt
well the doctors said that i am going to get my results tommarow and they said their lookin good ;)
RT : First Friday of Black History Month!
is speaking to my SAA Student Chapter right now and he is his usual awesome!
'I don't need you, I don't need this, but I want it all the same.' <3
certainly. I agree that'd be a good addition. I'll put it on the list.
RT just ran for a bus to find out it was a 33, well thats my exercise for the week done then
Now I remember why I took a break from twitter.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When a Guy tries to play us
Workout in the morning. Sleep all day.
December 7 was Pearl Harbor day. A day we'll never forget
thanks for the #FF!
thanks- I think it'll air in Sept-I'll keep you guys posted!
Holler. RT : If only Nikki brought those cute little British kids from Ellen.
All i want is love <|3
New speed record for fastest deleted app. RT I don't care how fast or slow Mobile Opera for the iPhone is. It is just plain ugly.
I don't get it when girls put "I don't like how I look here" in their pictures. If you don't like how you look then don't upload it.
no need to keep me in check... I know my limit on things :) so fellow Brooklynite hows everything going
REMINDER Twitter 12 due in class tomorrow 04/24
you 2 should itd be cool. Is it awkward if u sit by eachother or something
hi friend!!
Time to replace the old aluminum MacBook. iMac or MacBook Pro? Decisions..
HELLO! Thanx for the follow!
OMG JUST GOT NEW PHONE AH!!!!!!
Let's go old school...song of the day: Love Walked In (artist: Thunder). The power ballad lives on!
Good Job!!! So proud of you!!
Doesn't hurt that Scott Brooks is the West's head coach...
Pandora radio is great is you want to keep listening to the same kinds of music, but what for those of us who want to hear new things?
The writers of #desperate-housewives should be ashamed of themselves
I did my hair all nice for #paulydproject tonite. So stoked, yeah buddy :) having a party for it, don't let down my hair :)
Yup, I need to focus on that stuff.
Never Get Jealous When You See Someone With Your Ex, Because Our Parents Always Taught Us To Give Our Used Toys To The Less Fortunate .
Happy hour till close. The crew is rockin the bar full force. Happy Friday and Cheers
Let's go steelers
“: Decided to open a nice California cab and finally sit down and watch Bottle Shock. #AmericaFuckYea” <um....#Jealous enjoy>
landlords are the worst thing ever.
Going to the County Animal Shelter today for volunteer training. Was on a waiting list for at least six months.
ok ladies its very important to not be lazy and wrap your hair up before going to bed
Thank you for the birthday wishes! ( and say thank you too!) ;)
Engines blocks and lighten spark plug are the tools of statement...
Thank you for the RT, Kalin! Have an awesome week ahead!
Fun Fun Fun Oh So much Fun...:)
Happy Birthday Peeps.
lol man get!
Badabing young missy!! It'll be great to have you tinkers back in Oregon :-) Is it Oregon City then?? Do tell ya rascal! :-)
Signed pub deal with Discovery!
Salmon has more #health and #beauty benefits than meat or poultry!! Eat fish and be beautiful!!! Stay healthy and live long!!!
Very tough. I did not want this going to a Game 7
Thanks for the note! (It's fun work.) Hey, did you see 's tweet just now??
Promise It Ain't .
Some man at work shook my hand and I told me that I did a great job at presenting.
that ain't my fault!
Ryan Fletcher is at my school
French braid in the front and side pony tail curled so it falls down your shoulder :)
yeah buddy!
trying to make it to thanksgiving without doing laundry
A #biztraveler was struggling with an expense report! When shown how easy it was to book & manage #travel , she said WOW!
The pause Dora the Explorer took after asking us a question lasted longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage...
aah. Yup that's me. Probably w headphones on.
just do I'm clear, boetsch came down from 205? How the okami make 185, he makes Tim look like a gnome
My nephew is inside building in Pgh where shooting occurred. He is safe on upper floor. Bldg remains on lock down.
#FF just a few actors you'll see at the RLS open house tomorrow!!!
BEST NEWS! YOU'RE COMMING TO NEW YORK. Are you planning any meet & greets or anything? I live here :) I love my rolemodel. <3
I know I should get my man card pulled but I just saw Bridesmaids and it was HILARIOUS!
Shout out to my new followerss !! copy the link
Internet doesn't work on my computer but it works on my iPad...
Making Energy Snacks to be delivered to the Health Stores. #2- Task to Mill the "Multi-Grains Mix" to a High Fiber Flour.
How is the action ???
Whack ass dreams.
&&' that's why you stopped replying ; 'cause I was right ! \(^.^) Thank You !
Well back to Jason Campbell for the #Raiders with Bruce Gradkowski now done for the season.
lol! I think that it should. Lol
Today was fun untill we came back to school haha
I don't have my charger! #phonesdead :(((
He was "Special Ed" for a reason.
Just need to cum and get rid of this morning wood...
Its hott in the sun
#MyBestFriends we gonna have a 1 or 2 week vacation during the summer.
The Deltones and North Shore are safe. I don't care about who goes home drom the other two.
I miss him.
For more information on Illumina's consumer sequencing product go to www.everygenome.com.
AYO LET ME FIND OUT THATS CHASE BEATS..
Soo over this cold weather! Where is the warm weather?!☀
RT : Not pleased with the exhibitor internet access at #astd2012. Service keeps going down then prompts me to buy a new...
no you kno why (:
cry me a river ..
i bet the mcdonalds here doesn't have a dollar menu
Got so much awesome stuff today w/ got so much good stuff :) I love Vestal!!!!
Being controlling Is such a no-no.
Spending a day at Old Hickory in Beaver Dam, getting a little sun and fresh air.
Thanks for including Gene! Nice article.
Sort of sad, but I haven't bought a set of encyclopedias in YEARS! I teach how to use them, but don't.
In 3hours my suffering will begin. #shoulda been sleep hrs ago
Mental note: Everyday should start with Madonna's Ray of Light.
*hugs* I hope things work out
Oh, you only tweet about the South Shore? You must really like living at home.
Back to business!
Oh, be careful what you wish for. would totally do that. But would save me hearing about it. Just kidding. No I'm not.
good deal. :p
Damnnbn wtf did u drink? I know u not a lightweight. “ Just waking up from my hangover”
This just in Micahel Vick to aplogize to snoopy and Charlie Brown!
Happy Valentines Day!
Would you like to sponsor a dance documentary on Italian culture? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for details. :)
Made out like a bandit at the Hillcrest Farmers Market! Can't wait for next weekend! Check it out every Sunday from 9-2pm...
Either way, send pictures!
Thanks for following! in the house!
everyday is a new opportunity to be your best self
it's not THAT scary being a freshman :)
haha thank you, may have to throw some elbows today..lol ;)
FaceTime....Steve jobs's greatest achievement. What great technology.
all three for sure! My friend had a Jesus statue as well...why not round it out?
Happy Mother's Day! Is there a better gift than Private Beta? Business Q+A site where you can earn $$ in your spare time! No way!
I met him 4 years ago today and he still remembers exactly what I was wearing :)
Well it was fast food for lunch today, kind of ashamed of myself, wish there was good, quality, food around my office...
I long dick her like....
lmaoo. The old ones. new youtube page "stylesjyf" check it outt.
someone tweet me:D I'm officialy online
I'm from atlanta and you?
Thanks to #ACA, so-called “gender rating” where women pay more for #HC will be prohibited starting in 2014. Solutions!
Apparently I’ve switched to a mobile carrier named “Searching…”.
Thanks for the shout out, Jay! Much appreciated. (And for the posts about him of your own, too.)
Welcome to the edge of the Canyon G Wheels, glads that you be here same we give Winds for boat, our 'father'
Q11: How can I carve out a niche market?
I see what you did there.
Bye bye space shuttle programme, how else are we going 2 fall behind every other 1st world country on this planet?
Oh well for that convo smh
On my way! Wait...would have to remember how to work computer to purchase ticket. Hold on...
no it's not.
Making a set for our show at Lowell Winter Fest tomorrow at 3pm! :)
Yes, I am so excited about being involved at the Haiti Lab! AND the new PhD lab! Basically, I am getting my PhD at FHI.
tired of school.
Imma need another drink after dis exam
Getting ready to head out to Rock House Cafe to see , , RITUALS, the New Finland Radicals, and Radio FX!
I have an inspirational quote in my bio! :D
Santa Fe Chicken Salad from Quik Trip is bomb.
thanks for checking it out! I dug your stuff too. I checked it out a while back.
hi there! I'm great how are you?!? I love you too! Xo
I met you when I was a journalism student and working at Fenway. I interviewed you once for a project. You were super helpful!
I just no me and "a" dont even talk no more .. and neither do me and "r" so im not sure
Love these mornings when I have 15 min to get 2 dogs out, make coffee, drink coffee, get dressed for work, shit, shave and brush my teeth.
Can't trust these niggas... If they want to leave let them go...
Ain't you the cutest little Beiste?!
Mastery--the urge to get better and better at something that matters; Purpose--the urge to do what we do for something bigger than ourselves
Standing online for listening to 3 girls make fun of me and just found out my SIS is in the hospital
I just been movin a lot lately my boi.
#mall time! What's up everyone?!
Coordinating a lunch event soon? Call us to help you with the menu! Our fresh fare will 'wow' your coworkers and clients! 619.255.2856
Yes, best musician on show. RT : So excited to see Ben Folds perform tonight on the season finale of The Sing Off!
Getting asked if you were contacts>
Coe Hall opens for 2012 on March 31st. So does our new exhibit, Cocktail Culture: Prohibition to 1960
Watching you in Luther. Great work.
Me too dave.
Don't lie to her
...twice a week. Very, very soft
Know what's sad and pathetic? Freeloaders such as adult children and their enablers.
enjoy the weather bro, don't miss indiana too much
Have you ever considered space travel? Would you like to someday do that?
So sorry, Megan!
... can someone please come save me? My mom and sister won't take me back home to get my car. -.-
90% of women don't like men in pink shirt... 90% of men in pink shirt don't like woman.
Here's a really cool Internet enabled arduino alternative for those who want things networked - rascalmicro.com
Have never see a cirque du soleil segment and not said holy shit at least once during
I meant fame
I hate it when Charlie dies :(
RT : Only in Pittsburgh only in Pittsburgh (drake v)
Thanks so much for your support!
a Wellesley classmate's estate good guns good hunt good show!
Thanks to Tom Rowe at for his great presentation on social media this morning!
if any leftovers just bring tonight so I can taste ;)
Nassau County Police say a teller at Roslyn Savings Bank in Woodbury conspired with a man to rob bank.
Late night working. Halleck is sleeping next to me! Not a bad way to spend the night :-)
Sweet Frog on Libbie Ave. next to the #bookshop is giving mothers a #FREE small yogurt, with purchase of another frozen yogurt today!
is it me or does madden12 really love saying your name during gameplay
You cant be late until you show up.
we will take one...PayPal? Email us mojobreakatgmail
