Or, you know, basic crowd control.
totally! “: Once you realize the less that's expected of you, the easier life becomes.”
I'm very disappointed that none of coworkers know who Rude Dog is.
Just two more days until GiveBIG. Can we count on your support for The Seattle Foundation’s one-day online giving event on May 2?
her mom phone dead and dk if i can come over this week..im going to be super sawddy hebrew
They look awesome. Have two in my front yard!
When he lays u down I might just die inside, it just don't feel right.....
I'll be sure to, thanks! I've got a whole #LehighValley twitter list going
today's NYT article in business section TV Exec's daughter does NOT want TV in her dorm room!
You are so sweet! I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
haha I need to get the other 2 colors! They are so comfy!
how was walmart? xD ha P.L.U.R.<3
LIKE if you are waiting until the last minute to do your holiday gift shopping!
If I have 2 hoes 3 hoes, I am going to have mo money then The President! Lol now thats funny!! Lol
if not tell chip I'm staying over HAHA seriously
We have an extra room!
Hope u had fun!!! RT : #MyStudio HOLLYWOOD WIT HEADED TO CHECK IT OUT!! TURN^
I'll be Burger King and you'll be McDonalds, I'll be doing it my way and you'll be lovin' it.
please please please follow back <3 :] I just followed you!
where have you been all my life?
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Best Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
thanks Mallory! Hope you're doing well.
SCT is offering office team building and public speaking workshops. Email .
I love ur song I gust love it so much like evry moment I'm singing it <3 it have a amazing day :)
Some Conway, Charlie D, Waylon and Eddie Rabbitt. Does it get better?? Oh and some Seger! Great for a Wed nite 2 finish the week-BH
I think NY is gonna be a very grumpy place to work today. Yankees got schooled and I don't really care. Can't let it show though.
I'm so lost without Jose :(
30% of respondents in North Star poll would vote for Thompson, 27% for Hovde; 23% for Neumann. Thompson, Neumann dominate name recognition.
Went home early from work because it was slow. Took a nap and was woken up by mom rambling on about things I don't care about.
so u dont like football anymore? even u rap? i do too but not many ppl know bout it
Joan Little is
Sanctuary is amazing!! The video couldn't come at a better day for me! Thanks! #MySanctuary <3
With love this girl so much!!!
That's an interesting perspective bruh on Timmy's methods. I never seen it that way. Stirring the pot on all sides...
whose down with O.P.P. tonight !?
Umm...you so better come see me before you go!
Optimize for people 1st and search engines 2nd
Thanks for the invite but running on a tight schedule today, I plan on having lunch with you Thursday or Friday :-)
Happy Hump Day everyone!
I'm a fan of yours.
He will NEVER think of how many people could feed their families on that much money either!! Greedy creep.
Lmao ok RT : might is not acceptable-this isn't a might come event madam...i look forward to seeing you!!!
There was more people believing in me than I knew.
Hate a bad fucking dream. Ruins my day
Thanks for all you do to support brain tumor research!
Follow me so I can message you back :)
Just tried to update my iPhone & it said it would take bout 6 hours!! So I waited & checked it again it said that there was an error! UGHH
what's the word on the arrestee?
Spending time with the girl and our families in B-Town.. Post Prom shirts, check 😃
you're the older one, drive over here!
Good for you, I'm still writing at night but hope to be a day writer soon
I hate when people moan about wanting to meet Austin AGAIN, Trust me, your the luckiest people out there! I haven't met him ONCE so be glad.
Thank you! We hate cancer too. RT Woo hoooo!
Happy mothers day mom, thanks for carrying me in you for so long (: <3
Wyd in the next Hour, ill come thru if you stay in LA or LBC
Is that Cleveland on the phone?
Lifestyle change is in order
Thoughts on the State of the Union?
MizMuze is gonna mosey on over 2 the Pagoda to see Little Dragon, and then it's off to Laguna Beach with the GO Girls manana!
don't take anything says seriously. Ever. Thanks 4 reminder I haven't called him and idiot this week. Idiot.
RT : 1st they ignore you, then they laugh at u, then they fight u, then u win - Gandhi
RT Some other teams fans claim to be the best but there is no fan base like #packernation TRUE THAT
advice from one dude to another: you can dress to the 9s, but if your hands are in your pockets, it ruins whatever look you're going for.
baby this coon over here crazy and was ducking with me
tams is fucking amazing!
Where are my parents. I wake up and there not here... They don't love me
thanks it's was awesome, for now Idk lol
Only hot guys should KIK me @ flirtyprincess
I ate so much last night that I woke up full
I want to make a twitter bot that does nothing but endorse long-dead presidential candidates. Vote Rutherford B. Hayes in '76!
“: I take incredible dumps”
hahahaha omg it'd be crazy
conference call
Any comment on Obama big donor calling Sarah Palin a MILF or c*nt? Is that ok?
aw brittney I hope u get better :)
dear mama- Tupac
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 5
Good to connect again! As for photog stuff... is amazing. I'm hoping she has a good referral for you :)
What's your favorite song?
Attending my first PR and Coffee Meeting.
Thanks my darlings for the #FF Hacwe an amazing weekend!
If it isn't love
smh i was upstairs knocked out. But they killed it
I wanna tell you how I feel, but if I do I'm afraid it'll just push you away
oh my god i love your brain. that's the exact correct response to such an event.
Donna Summer. Great voice. Wasn't she in the movie "Thank God It's Friday?" In addition to her hits on the charts?
i love it!! haha and yeah i did(:
under the mistletoe Five days RT
oh god i have like cramps in every part of my body
_: Teacher: "WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!" .. Me: "OH SHIT, sorry" This reminded me of you in school:p
Listening to the birds chirping away at 3 am like it's morning *sigh* lol
No way! 10 grand! I guess Playboy is quite educational these days lol
Chopped is not good for my blood pressure.
Hey hey! Thanks for followin' me...hope all is well! ;-)
This looks fun for me
and : you're too kind, ladies. Thanks for the support, every day...
i can't get you out of my head
I only trust 5 people exactly haa and nun are friends smh
Hi. We have reservations for 4 under Happy Easter!
Any chance we can get a Bucks prototype?
strawberry wafers >>>
Who will be in Las Vegas this weekend?
He's good at saving pucks but not very good at saving his brother's marriage
So many choices... #vegas it's on tonight!
I'm not too religious, but grew up in church and always lived the right path, well put!
hey niall, follow me and i'll buy you all the food you could ever imagine!
#FirstDayBack is tough... it's much easier to GIVE back :) How are your charities going to #DoGood in 2012?? Happy New Year all.
“: thank u for ur prayers” My pleasure this is the year of
Grab the CTA and go to the Garfield Park Conservatory (Green line-Conservatory) and Little Village (Pink Line-Kedzie)
No official launch date determined yet. However, we may have a special 'pre-launch sale'. Guess we're gonna start off small...
Tomorrow we're releasing a major report on the state of #ereading in the US. Includes a portrait of e-book readers + their preferences.
Aww i'm taken. You need to look for other qualities lol
You know, I actually prefer your vocal stylings compared to the real singer, keep singing
Fridays are normally my down days when I get a lot of work done. Today, though, I have 7 meetings!
Yes. But has to wait til nxt year RT “: Is Tyler Seguin the NHLs next super star ?
I've always wished that one night I'd just go in my sleep... I guess I should've been more specific.
nice! Not in the Android market yet. Tomorrow :)
Just The Wrong Settin'
America, I will trot my way across America with my $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan. We don't need 450 billion dollars America!!!!
they defined it as "cruel behavior"
Can't list until they figure out the Clemens retrial
Spending my Friday evening going WILD with updating my portfolio and resume. It's a shame my Starbucks is closed.
Reports saying the #OSAMABINLADEN Assault lasted only 40 minutes.
lol not tonight..
RT : "It's not enough to do no harm...one of the species at the bottom of the red list is the fisherman" -Barton Seaver
: Can you fix the picture? Something strange now with PIT-MIA game w/the picture.
your point
can't wait to hear what you did to that track...
Glad it ended well. I don't see it for another two hrs.
I mean my life would be terrible if I had no place to put my cum!
China has a Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. Brilliant.
We love to remove stress from the application process and it doesn't stop there. Come by booth 504 and receive a back massage!
they have Protein...
MPTV 36 has been taken over by TV & Video students! They’re at the controls so tune in all day for student-produced programs.
CN_Cottonwood thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
video girl the movie in theaters amc empire in nyc today, rave 18 in L.A. tonight 1145pm, starring meagan good, the block in orange, ca 2
Big Black massage, the bigger the blacker the massage. lmao
(Joan hand drew her slide of a "Northern Reporter" spine and page!)
TPCo wishes you a wonderful new year filled with abundance, joy & treasured moments. May 2012 be your best year yet!
have you heard of acute intermittent porphyria? i have that disease
Hey there you should give us a listen if you have time:)
Steppes out to use the restroom and came back to birds eating my chips off my outdoor table !
I wish someone would create a show that mixed Finding Bigfoot with Ghost Adventures... entertainment overload
I don't even wanna look at all this prom stuff.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Wood Carving Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Nice track it just needs that live Bass slaping it up. They gonna like this one its real funky...they will get a nice demo for free.
American Airlines stop allowing such large bags on the plane. If each overhead compartment can only hold 5 bags then don't let more on.
It's interesting to watch all the tools pro golfers use during practice rounds. I've never had any formal training so it's all foreign to me
you are gorgeous
Went to the dance with him. Best Night Of My Life.
Happy birthdayday, Frank O'Hara! "After the first glass of vodka/ you can accept just about anything/of life even your own mysteriousness"
Listen to Pretty cool music!
Tupac R.I.p. #2pac I created alot of art to his music!
State Employment Relations Board has narrow area of review for appeal. That may impact Mayor's decision on Frashour case.
"Quality is your best business plan" and "Pain is temporary, "suck" is forever". collecting good quotes with Michael B. Johnson over at Typo
I'd love to see Celtics-Heat, but I'd also love to see the Heat choke against Indiana. So, go Pacers.
Is the backchannel being stored some how?
since you guys are vampires now, may I ask which one sparkles? o:
Keep a few bad b*tches in my circle
Random Thoughts: What happens if those of us who gave to AIG ask for a refund?
I never got use to being What I used to be
I'm out of shoestrings, and I think my shirt just got unironed
he thinkin negative
Loved watching fan film with tons of other #browncoats at #EC yesterday!
hi alex when ur you coming to my house little sister!!
I want to read a book in the shower
Guitar Player Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
My birthday this month blessed to see 26th
Cankerblossom, TAKES, then Festival Bar
Getting some rest not used to working six days so week
Thank you for the assist in the parent department tonight
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Tell your girls to stop being so adorable!!
you were right. She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen! <3
KNOW THAT! Lol
Lala, you even make zero calorie Horchata sound sexy. ; ) We don't have that here in #ABQ. sounds good tho.
Recipe for Meatloaf with Bacon This recipe for meatloaf with bacon is a hearty meatloaf made with ground pork, ground beef and ground vea
Dm me your email so I can send some beats your way
It was great being on the search and display panel with you at the digital summit! Great conversation.
Well, good work. Both the video and the 'do are memorable. ;)
was it comfortable? Lol
don't hate!
My brother is making us watch the Red Bull: No Limit thing instead of the Ball dropping.. I'm in pout mode now..
I meant to give you $5 for gas but I forgot. Next time
A volunteer just told me on the phone that I have a pleasant voice. Odd.
trader joe's where the healthy eaters hang.
Like you, I hate traffic. I'll play SimCity at home. Easier on the taxpayers.
O'Reilly publishes technical books. I have a PDF version of this one about iPhone hacks. The Shriner: A '94 nicknamed "Karp."
In the hours following Ted Kennedy's death, Breitbart called him a "duplicitous bastard", a "prick" & "a special pile of human excrement."
Paige, you're gorgeous,! And you dance at ICON? Ive seen you at bridesburg all the time and never realized! follow back!!(:
we show them on 10pm and daybreak news along with our coverage of Donald Driver on Dancing w the Stars. No prize, just 4 fun!
Our mission is to implement I AM 4 Kids in every public elementary school in the U.S. within five years at NO COST TO THE SCHOOLS.
Nice talk by at #CAM2012 on library access - put image library on flickr and sparked community support/interest
Temple Run.
best of luck to all those at the UMC general conference--big tasks lie ahead for our church.
Mixing the FINAL song.
best fleetwood mac song ever.
Twitter is my first source for breaking news. I'll visit other media outlets if I need/want more detail. I guess I'm in the 9%.
#Caps fans, your reactions to today's coaching decision?
SheaMoí Naturelle™ is pleased to announce that from April 1 to April 14, we are being featured in the Jewelry Fetish media blog!
You should have a concert in Miami boo 💙😊
Eliminate risk and prospects are more likely to buy. What a concept! How much simpler can selling get?
Nate right?! And lmfao that egg!!!!
Yeah, I'm sure they make lots of sense to the artists... but I'm left searching for meaningful subject headings. :)
R kelly is singing I look to you boy he better sing
Why aren't you cbetting, and if you sensed weakness, why not Crai?
I am realy digging the Canaly linen grey suit
I tell my nephew "Go take a shower stinky!!" He answers "set it up for me fat butt.." Smh
I last saw you 2 play in 82. My 2 fav bands together again! I can't wait!!
gramm thinks the old cartoons are great! The only educational value is don't blow yourself up.
Really need to smoke, anyone wanna join me? 🚬
#AskBUNM note to self: "interest layer," not to be confused with gaming, social layers
#Hanson enjoyed the buffet at #DisneyWorld's #CapeMayCafe last night. Maybe you can see them on property today.
ommgg. seriously ?! what the fork ?! i would miss your follow spree ! /:
"Free UW Alumni Association lecture series: 'Seaworthy: A History of Maritime Health & Medicine,'" tonight at 7 p.m.
welcome home
Okk, I'm sorry I have other things going on in my life.. I'm not free 24/7.. Like i just don't get you sometimes.
I swear like every other day I get a mention that you just followed me!
decisions decisions.
Such a heartbreaking story :-(
This #Flyers game is insane...
Thanks! Good to know what the current standard is.
One hour suckers. Try and bring someone
Mental health is everyone's business.
ignoring negative ppl today:)
OH MY GOD
Excited for you to stay connected with our device! Have a safe trip and contact us if you need anything :)
Oh man, I going to cry like a little baby during House next week.
Worked tonight for my exam grade. . . So glad thats over! Congrads to for his award wins!! :D lol #SoProud!
Falk Group announces its editorial tracking service, TrendTracker, expanded to include Social Media component. Info: www.susiesmusings.com
You are one of my top three favorite artists ever. And you're sexy too !
yeah lady get back, so i can pick your brain about some costuming ideas!
what up big bro. I think its time to get the world ready for me....
Listening To Up All Night :) All day, everyday :)
Come experience #sandwichmeinchicago and enjoy some of our delicious dishes and homemade fruit smoothies juices and sodas!!
cant say I disagree with that!!!
Starting tomorrow, I'm going to start up the count down until school is over for me!
RT : Made sure the cast of "Girls" consisted only of princelings.
Hakkostu full face airsoft mask low fog Olive Drab H1-1 eye pieces :)
is there some sort of joke I'm missing?
Thanks for info. Had heard this also. You're having good results so far?
good for you! :)
Sorry I'm a week late, but Kristin Wiig as Lana del Ray is a huge win
Great game keep up the good work!!!!
Nothing like graduation to make one feel like an #obvious underachiever.
My mind is forever blown, amazing first ultra experience. Definitely going next year and going bigger. Thanks <3
National Small Business Week is happening May 20-26...are you doing anything to prepare? Is there anything you want to get out of it?
And how about that art? Harren's work here reminds me of a cross between Fabio Moon and...Stuart Immonen, maybe?
NEW!! 2-3 Day Adult Outward Bound Courses in the Front Range. We hear people always saying they have wanted to do a course...here ya go!
lime tree wanted. lime tree purchased. lime tree planted.
Thanks for the mention. Cheers!
"Gigonomics": the economics of work that is gig to gig. How can higher ed respond? (crickets)
BTW I cry all over you guys and I always seem to run into Katrelle and cry all over her too
Brian, was possibly here. Maybe.
Listening to Days of the New. Curious how they'd be thought of had they stayed together. Bigger than Tantric? More respected than Creed?
wats good...how u living?
Hey 's! I wanna see one of the drag kings perform a Beastie Boys song tonight. RT if you agree!
I've been in 3 years. :)
I would love to audition for your next project! XO J
2 blogs done. Clean house & then on to write poem for workshop
goin two months w/out my laptop was like a crash course in smartphoning, feelin so high tech now
Rachel's challenge almost made me cry :,/
Jordy was robbed.
Thanks to and everyone who came out last night for another great show! We had a blast and hope you did, too!
shid nun much! Still on a job hunt!!...im prayin hard everynight! but the T-House is lookin&soundin real good right about now! smh
AT&T screwed up my bill, fixed it and gave me 6 months free internet...bonus!
I'm good bruh just tryna get it
if you don't know her try a google search. She is an amazing performer and an incredible teacher. Peace and light. :)
Hope everyone is having a great awesome and blessed day! May God bless you and keep you!
I love #thebigbangtheory but have to forward/mute through the scenes with Howard's mom.
#FF cheers , , , , ! Thanks for following and have a great weekend
:)I'm in a good mood lol juss going fed on this hoe
YES! “: Open yourself up to be unscripted. The journey has no end. #AIMSplp #plpnetwork”
last in first out does not bode well!
when is it over?
boy u ghost! #Catchup!
Please stop re-tweeting nasty pictures I got my pastor in here! lol
JUST SMILE AND WAVE BOYS,JUST SMILE AND WAVE.
This will help you get a leg up on your best leads
Get rid of your rainy day blues with a burger from the B!!!! Try our special The Great Pumpkin or DIY
Thanks for RT !
Busy day. Two concerts and a callback. Had a great weekend beach and premiere on Sunday.
“: Planning a Biggie Smalls/Fukushima mash up homage for #6? Thought so.” Yes.
...You're Batman now"
I LOVE MB!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I really like your blog, great info & diverse!
How long have you been trading the market?
Hello. Thanks for following me.
I think they call this progress... first grad school student loan payment is due TODAY!
are you as bad at twitter as you are at texting?
Monday #coffee + smiles ladies! G+ Girlfriend hangout sounds fun!
when? And how was your cruise?!
Town hall on drug abuse planned
agreed. I think yelp customers should be required to write 3 positive reviews for each negative one. Too much bashing :(
Today show on the 18th forr Usher!
thank you :)
Al, thank you so much for the compliment. That means a lot to us!
Look, I'm mad also..I took Flash I, II, & I but that was before HTML5 and CSS3 Baby so get over it.
gluck. its not like its one of the best times of your life or anything.... oh wait.
Wallace sounds fantastic!
what's your favorite guitar you're playing these days?
the worst part about dreams is waking up and realizing they arent real
i keep going to say something hilarious. and realize it would be wasted...just like using board games..
Caps-Rangers Prognostication Center
Mother nature.... GO DIE!! So pissed that I won't get to watch the Daytona 500 in person anymore. Heading home soon :'(
Hope you do well!
man whats poppin tonight, just smoke some kush feeling like swaggin out tonight
thanks for the follow! love the food and enjoy the atmosphere! Can't wait to come back for more!
haha, earlier mentioned adopting a new blog platform means you can use the default theme and nobody notices...
re "regular" historians on twitter check the #twitterstorian hashtag.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!! Answering Questions & Helping You Navigate NYC Gallery Essentials!!!
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
heck yes! I'm thinking this is one of the best summer movie releases in awhile
good luck today and on your book. "give me liberty or forgive my debts"! d'état
I'm stackin money to the ceilin
a sign of the impending apocalypse- i just bought a music stand.
looks great on mobile and either would look good in red. I wish I could've watched the game today, but work wouldnt allow it.
#GoldenCorral - Never Ever Ever Again. EVER.
has been twittering way more than kenny
Just bought loads of healthy food, only to eat ramen noodles!
follow follow back bc i am following you
I wish, can't eat until 12...
Brilliant marketing: you can buy Sephora gift cards at Lowes. I'll be sure knows. :)
me: "please dont talk to anyone but me!" harry: "youre the only girl i want in my life anyway!"
Checking the calendar and wondering when I'll get a completely lazy weekend. Wishing for sweats, movies, take out from Friday - Sunday..
CodeMeet sounds cool. A realtime coding collaboration tool using video chat.
y is it tht flowers r bombarded 4 mothers day.. WTF is tht the only thing ppl think moms want.... come on be creative
Damn did something jump off today on 69th. 4 officers here look like they got itchy trigger fingers. Of course I'm dressed the part
We are only 51 Days away from our 2012 Walk!!!Sign up today !
A BIG #SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!! Keep doing what you're doing! It pays off...
•...ability to act any time in 194 countries of this planet.
What's with 's Elvis hair!? I love it! I wanna run my fingers threw, and pull on it!
That last one should come with a warning: You will eventually spend all your money on their tweeted sales :(
I'm on a Money Making Mission
Why not? At Mad Planet again. Unfortunately "The Get Down" is over
make some homemade #pasta and your whole day will improve...
Would this be the same one that's our dear POTUS' COS? That one?
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Love so much Guys thanks for follow me ! :D
Um To all the dodo's out there Rue is half-white half-black so doesn't that mean we all win? #HungerGames hello Danish Dad and AA Mom!
haha i know you did and it wasn't weird! and i do love outgoing people! :)
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - Wut It Do Part 2 ft. X-Raided's Mr. Lil Man
chin up gurl!
The NL is just 3 outs away from back-to-back victories!
Go Cats!
Happy Mother's Day mommy! I Love You<3 Hope you're enjoying that massage while i'm stuck at a soccer game lol
"Coding is the literacy of the future." -NYU Prof of Computer Science
Thats fine too! :) RT : I really prefer using Taxi Magic. It "just works" in a way that makes sense to me.
fun right?
Meet USA Basketball Legend #ChrisMullen before the game this Friday at 5:30! All thanks to
where you guys headed to?
I just want 2 tell a lot of people bish MYOB !
Committeeman Cleveland addressing the Convention's #Chicago #Republican Mtg. "Adapt message to Urbanites."
SOMEONE ATE THE SCONE THAT'S BEEN IN MY DRAWER FOR OVER THREE MONTHS!!!!!!
compared to the pitbull we have now? hell yeah RT : You never hear anybody say "I miss the old Pitbull"
omg! I woke up. & wondering WTH? Too..haha:-)
MacBook piggy bank is growing:)
damn srry I feel bad
Can't stand the Packers they are just showing off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
On a side note. Ppl whos lic plate say what car there in are stupid. ie "viper" skyy"stang" ect...
Its Your Time to rise above todays bumps in the road. You are closer to success than you think. Billy Cox
Despite his lyricism, or maybe because of it, Mendelssohn's choral music is hard on the voice.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner - Rapid City Journal
follow me
can u make me one
#thatawkwardmoment When you're waiting for you family after church and all you have to do is tweet.
Love my
Oh good grief.
we can help you with Social Media/Email Marketing/ Mobile Marketing. Engage your current base and find new customers.
Best of luck tomorrow at #VGA! Remember: You are a winner no matter what. I'll be watching with my fingers crossed!
cocktail waitress. Making bank rolls bahaha
First show of the 2012 #ZOOAMP concert series! , Styx and ON May 11th!
Hello and welcome to the official Twitter page for The San Diego Historic Class-1 Streetcars! Come here for regular updates on our progress!
So jealous! Enjoy your trip.
Freezing tonight! Off to sleep.. sweet dreams xoxo
Hey ! man i love your music, your amazing, keep it up! please retweet me it would be great! !
Mike Lonergan is on their radar.
Only thng I'm willing to commit to now is Benjamin Franklin :)'$$$
when you coming out to buffalo
Hyped 4 rehearsal today w/ & ...
"...at home with a special light bulb and a shopping bag for life." Combating climate change with Steve Hughes.
I wish my children understood I function best on 12 hours of sleep, not 3.
On my way to San Marcos for Rivercity Chamber mixer and to visit my brothers.
thats a good one, as long as my foot doesn't fall off then we are good
Our amazing mussels RT : What's cooking today?
college counselor called me today. Its becoming so real. Can't wait for college
Very true, not even if he ran his entire administration like an episode of "The Office" would it be alright..
click the link on my profile let me know wat u think
and im done with
Thanks for asking, but unfortunately we don't have any scholarships available. Wish we could!
Still working
Snow Ice Cream! Great memory. Thanks Jessica.
I'm selling my Friday and Saturday Lollapalooza passes if anyone wanted to go and can't because those dates sold out (Aug 3-4).
Hey #UPEIAN105 I understand. Too early in the exam schedule creates panic, too late leaves u toasted. We need the sweet spot.
#Reiki music is lovely!
sealed it over sorry.
S/o to for giving me the most inspirational talk last night. He always knows the right thing to say, & he means a lot me.
Frustrating how low the dollar has gone against other currencies. Hopefully the tourism revenue will go up this summer in response.
I should be used to this stuff I do it all the time :p
Day 3 rehearsal with
like what school silly.
Staring at Syd and Kokey eating ;)
A bird just shit on windshield. He leaned out his window and tried to wipe it off with his hands?
We are blessed!
no I just need you to come here so we can have fun all over cali!!! <3
Yeah that'd be cool man!
They don't do much these days. Most stuff sits streaming subbed only, and they release only Pokemon, Bleach, and Naruto Shippuden on DVD.
The Apple Core
We hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day! Remember, you can use our gift cards for any of our products or services!
I was proud of myself when I tried V8 and liked it. Yay healthy! I just took my first sip of V8 low sodium. It takes like a rusty tin can.
looking for items for our women's luncheon silent auction on Sept. 30. If you have something you'd like to donate, email !
“: Before every big victory, there is almost always a thinning of the ranks. We win with the committed!”
sorry we responded so late :)
Haha YOUR WELCOME :D
Why, you want to be broke too? RT Acting is me being interested in what it would be like to be you.
Yes! Thanks! I submitted my app this morning!
please email us at so we can help you get the app running!
New This Week | Five jobs and one online learning opportunity. Check them out on the Programming Librarian homepage!
Hey now “: "My passions overtake my morals on a daily basis...it's called living life to the fullest."”
Yes! Full moon baby!
Last solo wedding of the year tonight. Honestly relieved. It's been a very intense year for me & wedding photography.
Look fwd to having students from Tha House in Lawndale join us tonight for our Launch Party. Are you coming?
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
How amazing was ?!?! We must schedule a Round 2 soon. xo
Happy Easter Tweeps!
I listen to the whole pink friday roman reloaded everyday... my favorite song: gunshot feat beenie man
going to CDs crib to work on some hooks n lyrics on some dope a$$ tracks created by DJ KMT. Gonna be in the studio Saturday Night..!! Word.
Spent last day of SB in the hospital, with dad, listening to Eugene Peterson & Wendell Berry lectures. Couldnt have asked for a better day.
Thanks for the great SO!
Today marks the first time I've ever used a smoker. Hoping not to burn down my house too much.
Definitely not, on both counts.
“: Hope my scripts were somewhat coherent and ! Working off no sleep! #NBC7” thx for pinch-hitting! !!!!
don't even. Haha
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
Text me when you get off tonight?
the humidity doesn't bother me what so ever
did she sit on a coconut?
Want free lunch next Wed at Ban Thai on Charles St? Email for your voucher.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.3
My dad just told me he doesn't use headphones he walks the dog and blasts beats w his smartphone speaker
I assure you you're good enough. you're a great singer.
I don;t know wat to do anymore..i need someones help...but i cant go to my bro for help...
So bored at restaurant work, so, teaching my co-worker, Jackie, my latest parody song. #comedy She's throwin her hands in the air ...
sorry that it #wasntthesame, but i will be there tomorrow afternoon for your Cream City drink needs!
I do too. Although you know what you can come up to Seattle on July 28 2013 b/c they're doing a concert here. 😜
oh how I want a heather vermilion milkshake
done, i think. ha. I'm a little new to this tweetering world
ive lost count on beer runs.
She looks fun, she can join
Damn what a week. Glad it's over.
It's been a long time coming so it better not end with me asking a hundred questions lol
Goin bac too bed now the bs is pointless
i showed my mom that crop corset top from american eagle and she goes "where is the rest of it?" PMSL. HAHAHAHA.
This is not gonna be my day these back pains are killing me!!
Sadly, not as far as I'm aware. Needed to ramp up the sarcasm on that one. My bad, my bad.
And Graham makes it look easy!
Advice from Dad: If you don’t know, say so. If you don’t know what you’re talking about, stop talking.
who are my to judge you on the past girl?
Hell yes. RT : Just remembered that, yes indeed, Hello Nasty was probably the best album of the 90s.
Would like to participate in #THATCamp#SE this weekend. Recently arrived in Atlanta, work in DH, trying to connect...
yeah..... Bur probably like ALOT will in the future... Alot MORE
Good ole 71. =)
runnin from the law this easter morning!
this thursday
Yes the beautiful Stefano RT : Look who's following you??? Awesome!!
say what you like about the deaf...
Kid can get bitches with a window
she'll just buy more
What a call!!!!
Wrong turn 3 is such a terrible movie
I'll know who to blame!!
It's that end of summer camp feeling. At least with camp I'd be tan instead of covered in stage-fall bruises... Nah, the bruises are better.
I'm beginning to forget him when i'm getting closer to you. But there are days when it all comes back.
Yess this movie is over
Breakfast at ABX has begun! A Smoke House Sandwhich with jalepeno-cheese sausage is in order!
": SHUT UP! I love mariachi bands!!" You just really love Brown... Yep, I know you
Brrrr, I think we brought the cold weather with us from Ohio :-0
This lady just dropped $21,000 in Tiffany and Co.
Thanks to all of the KILLER kudos we received at the benefit today! We were PROUD to play for GREAT people for a GREAT cause!!!
yes and it creates sharable mobile friendly landing pages for certain types of links and lets you change the URL if necessary.
Ultraviolet USB Cable also recognized by as being the BEST USB cable, "leagues ahead of its competitors". A must digital audition
I wonder if Doc Emerick screams like that when he ejaculates. #aSHHHHOTTTT!
Thankful for the prayers, my son is finally eating again. : )
Yes. If another Americans appears, we won't see it on Lens Blog or Burn. Not first, anyway. It will come out of another scene.
hey wassup? Its been.forever!
“: #Aries is in search of unwalked paths”
#TGIF & blessed 2 b up this day...thank u God! Gettin ready 4 work, hoping 2day flies by!! Need some relaxation. Everybody have a good one!
Throw a "mitchapalooza" he'll bring his green hat #oldschool Today he's at ESPN on a show I usually anchor and I'm off."
Creation Screening and Panel Discussion (Sean B. Carroll, et al) was great last eve. House was PACKED. Zimmer crushed it.
is threatening to make me giggle throughout the 6 pm newscast.
Advice taken. :)
Love the support from my colleagues. It's a great place to spend most of my day.
First time at Atwater Village Theatre new space, nipping music, great vibe for new work. Michetti directs Jacobson's new play. Psyched!
#OccupyAustin at #SXSW reading #UnitedGA :: #monsanto should be subject to corporate death penality, make them an example ::
Ed helms!!! YES! XD
Cool service, though. Should be easy enough for them to tweak? 10ft isn't that much for Seattle
Got Dallas Maverick tickets tonite courtesy of a good friend. Mavs-Thunder should be a good one
happy #pi day!
Im home now
except Sendak's books were published, and marketted, as children's books. That one grows up, dies not usually mean outgrowing
I don't call It SWAG , I call it Swavey !! #Swavey got that from Ramiro M.
The key to success is, and has always been, to kill your way up.
you promise!
Omg, I'ma fucking pop one of these egyptian bitches if they keep screaming to eachother like they not standing 2ft away!!!!
Egg salad on a bed of baby spinach with grape tomatoes :-)
Rodgers picks up a quick break in the second to take a 2-1 lead. Boomgarden looks dazed right now.
it would totally suck i cant imagine life without technology
thanks for the follow I am looking forward to coming to the opening on Thursday
Oh, the words I've twitter searched (mainly words that describe genitalia or sex acts).
What's your take on the Hunger Games? Read the books? Seen the movie? They're both amazing! c:
I seriously just want to leave.
Happy Bday to my brother and fellow Bartenda
that's awesome. if you take pictures for your own sake, you can be more creative. don't have to follow any standards...
You'd think eventually Ozzie will quit telling his players to try and steal...
went to drop-in derby yesterday for RMRG (LOVE!! and didn't fall down, whew)... the day after new hard core yoga. Sore in odd muscles today.
I hear Scags' voice shouting at me to get to work. She would rather be writing a letter right now. Do U know what I mean?
#PeopleThatCanMakeMyDay and and
right what???
shut up bye
Got a new ipad yesterday. Wondering about great apps. What do you use?
that ghost is adorable. Seriously. Cutest dead thing I've seen all day.
Talk back time.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Bernice Cannistraci! Wishing you the best!
i msgd you.
got it sorted out. Thanks though.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i really dont give a fuck what you think about me !
Jealous. Yum. Amazing!! (@ Hot & Hot Fish Club) 4sq.com/rMeElq
If her head spins around, all I have to say is I told you so. All that dropping her voice & whatnot...
who doesn't have the People magazine? if you don't you need to get it. like now. right now. NOW.
of course... you're one of our favorites!
I don't completely hate her. is always sweet to everyone. She's very respectful to many fans. #MuchLove ♥
RT : The only time I'd let Lebron take the last shot is if I've already had 12.
love it!!!
Thanks so much! =)
Wow Congrats on the promotion (which it sounds like u've received) good luck! SF will miss u. Glad 2 hear u'll still b on N.N.
“Pull my hair” hahahahahahahaahahhahahahaha I freaking love you❤✌
Hey guys:D My Friend needs followers!! Shes Amazing,Super nice,and fun to talk to! All u need to do is click the follow button
Vancouver, BC gorgeous in spring....heading down to San Fran Weds- Frid..any good wine tastings I should attend Weds afternoon in bay area?
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
Mollie, he is crazy. ;)
Quality is spotty... was looking for a good showcase project. Thank you.
#SometimesIWonder what the hell is wrong with these fools!!
ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE COCAINE
Really hoping the weather stays this beautiful all weekend :)
Thanks for the nice mention!
": Carriage horse breaks leg in fall report - Horsetalk pulled the story ...
Ok i just dropped my phone on my face im going to bed. night yall (: 💤💤💆😁
Weeds Actress & Musician extraordinaire Israeli star GORGEOUS on Glam Red cart promoting her new song Yummy Boyz
Ayo should release a beat tape. Just for kicks.
#MarkLogic runs in large data centers down to disconnected edge nodes.
Congrats on the LA Business Journal story ladies!
Did you subscribe for the #deal then? ;) RT : BEST STORE EVER!! that's all I have to say.....good day. I SAID GOOD DAY! :)
Thanks to All Saints and their leadership on this!
true, but that came with pizza ;)
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?
did a great job organizing #sfopen event yesterday!
Haha I love that sketch! :) And now it's time for the penguins on top I your tv to explode!
Brr... It's getting a little chilly out there....Come in to Hollywood Tans and warm up in our booths and keep your summer glow :)
Just wanna leave.
What do YOU put on burger? RT dude, ketchup on a burger?
did her thing sharing the jewels from the lecture. Thank you!
- Just so you know, I sold you the Monte for your Mom for the BK unveiling
Even the sun sets in Paradise.
We know a few people who used to write for the Standard-Examiner, so naturally we had to follow you :) Thanks for the add!
At work bored than a bitch, was gone do some ot, not tonight...
MT! “: Checking in at the #AAPDgala tonight! Thanks to for sponsoring and for the hospitality!”
This Thursday at 10pm on NBC is my episode of "Awake" and everybody should watch! Yay!
well... He knew the rules when he accepted his scholarship. If he didn't, that's on him.
Use an IM widget on your 404 pages to direct users to YOU.
Oh my:) hehehe we like the cupcake parts;) I like american, british and australian ones<3 aww yeahh!
Never lie to someone who trust you. And never trust someone who lies to you.
Oh I already tweeted that
Jeff fisher is the most overrated HC in NFL history
Usability lab, hour 6. home stretch.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
is it true?!
Gong to taco bell <333!!
Thanks for all you do!
I didn't think you leaving would be so hard on me. How wrong I was, it's amazing.
just sent a wave of hats out.. love gettin' that locals discount at UPS
pssshhh totally has better hair!
that's cool whenever u get a chance, I appreciate it :)
Watching this Fall Out Boy concert on tv. They'll always be #1 in my book.
Get a job, Otis!
#ThingsThatILike Thumping #DuhVille in the Final Four
Not at all disappointed to be in this position either. It's 100% out of my control.
yes yes
How is your trip? You home yet?
CNN needs to cover the real story here, which is me: Ol' Floppy Arms, Chicago's next Mayor! Write me in!
Lee Elia says you can kiss his ass downtown and POST IT!
Thanks for the great presentation about the new facebook time line for business/fan pages !
Spaceo de Mayo at Tonic Room tonight. featuring Scott and Travis on Saxes. Be there.
What? Labor violations at factories?? No way. RT : Labor violations uncovered at iPad factories
That is so true Oprah.
We are so excited! Thx for supporting! RT : 16th Annual Hot List from Best Hotels,...
Yo If I Send U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? Just Tryin To Get My Name Out..
Welcome to the second round,
please follow me <3 I love you
To you should do that on your 21st birthday that would be way more funny
great question!
if you can work the tab-completion into the language model, should be easier to do bash. Seems like a linear mixture might be enough.
Im cold
THIS IS FOR REALS: free burgers at the new Division store, Sunday 4-8pm! open for regular hours Monday!! yaw!
#NowPlaying: All By Myself by
But seriously. Roll me a blunt.
It's hot so I'm just gonna shower for a couple of hours and then go to bed.
Headed to Atlanta and then on to Orlando for CLA conference with but first, time for some little league baseball practice!
Lies. Lies. Lies. I haven't been on twitter & when I just got on here shit was RT .. weak shit @ that!
So it would probably be counterproductive if I told you Link's Awakening is better and pestered you to play that, huh?
Technology is an amazing, wonderful, beautiful, rather insulting statement about humanity.
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by has a YA ed. only for Kindle. I'd love to use for multigenre proj. w bio and ss.
DONT LOSE IT PENS!! U got to stay inn itt!!!! Ah
d hood! What's up lol
how was the vow?
“: I get penetrated once a day #serrioz”
Work hard play hard
Upt my bad ☺
*giggles in satisfaction* Hope you weren't late!
Doing drivers ed
You guys we need to be at Duffys!
Shoe shopping is jerking off for ladies.
Thanks, Ryan! I'm planning on it.
be careful (:
It's National Haiku Poetry Day, so we have one for you. A haiku for you, Because we wanted to say, Happy Holiday!
FIU and Marshall are scoreless at the half
Today's commute to work was highlighted by the Talking Heads' "Psycho Killer". - Qu'est-ce que c'est
Confrence Went Well, Ima Miss My Team Next Year..
I hate* smelling like Subway...
With Drizew at Clear Bar
"your heart is raisin-shaped." I prefer to think I'm smarter than falling in love, so raisin-shaped it is!
For sure! If you don't mind a late dinner, you can pick the night! Just gimme a call when you're back!
:) andd text me! bc i need to know as soon as possiable!
Life's on hold... Just for you.<3
One of them we already have, the other we will never have.
RT : Suck on that, Kochs, Kasich, Walker, Christie, Scott. We're coming for you.
wtf is going on cause some bitch is saying stuff
70p for a Newark advertiser! What a bargain
No Hitter gone! shut out gone!
In studio with working on remix of her song "rodeo" sounds amazing! Sick track by He is the man for a remix!
Glad to get my IA heuristics poster today
Born to love Lady Gaga :)
Sour plums 
you'll have to let me ogle it in vt.
I'm not talking about performance. I'm talking about team character and fan support.
Just had a coffee break with Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips. Well, *near* Wayne. But that's good 'nuff for me!
I know, I was being sarcastic. 😒
i think #chasingthesun comes out tomorrow! #excite !!! :)
is now joining Facebook and selling out all their users
,"Cincinnati's favorite brand of primary-colored garage pop since 2006",brings their soothing melodies to Feb.10th.
aaahhhh HILARIOUS!!! But nobody does it like CJ lol
wouldnt blame it on him when we had no puck possession.
Hey everyone! My twitter handle is now - I'll be tweeting about attagirl, Hazel & Haverly, AND my new men's line from here!
oh yeah I did his hw (don't ask y) nd now he's oh no nrvm I did it aready -,-
busted condoms
Yo we have to throw down some hoops when ya come to play out this way in June.
yes, can't they call off work tomorrow? aren't we important enough?
getting demoted?
waiting for verdict like everyone else. Might as well grab a bite to eat. We'll know something by tomorrow. Guilty?
other than a mountain of paperwork after lunch then gym, I'm seeing my cub who's moving to China in a week, stocking up on memories
Save the Date! SWOP-Chicago is planning a fundraiser on Thursday, June 14 at beauty bar! Details coming very soon...
Quite honestly I kept thinking, OMG I am in the Mitt Romney crowd.
Meeting with a new agent this weekend. Jake's fortune cookie might have been right.
my soul to take
star wars and daughters is a better combo than pb Nd chocolate.
great start to #HealthIT Summit here at Harvard Club - cool opening talk by ; now Steve Weaver of
u sure lol
My feet are on fire.
it's a form of "Self-Hate"
Pat's Run today, 4.2 mile run honoring Pat Tillman. Almost 28,000 runners. Fifth time doing this race and set a personal record by 40 sec.
The team wishes everyone in the #yyc a Happy Thanksgiving.
I think Judy Blume has been mentioned in every YA panel I have attended this conference.
can we trade dads?! Tell your pops (who I clearly respect) that I owe him a Cuban cigar
Why are people not talking?!?
The reason we live is to live with reason.
subtweeting isn't cool y'all...
because they can donate unlimited money to the party.
Now it gets interesting! RT WHOAH - RT : Just announced - Milwaukee school district closed. Crowds keep growing.
It was an honor to have you! And you are ALWAYS welcome. :)
Watching "The Contenders:Wendell Willkie" on CSPAN from last night. One of the commentators my old dissertation adv. Prof. Jim Madison of IU
Loving the Artie Lang show on , really entertaining!
Who is the real Leslie Knope? A Maoist? Bobby Newport is the man to trust, Pawnee. Paid for by Sweetums Candy Co
I love going to church an hearing the word of God(: tonight's service was great!
Go Sounders!
me too son!!
Q Orange #wines R on 's #wine list-what's paired best w & how do ur #Sommeliers sell that 2 guests?
an idea we were pitching around the table : a paper on mechanical turk, written one sentence at a time using mechanical turk
Congrats! RT : And just like that, over 200 tickets already sold to on June 5th. Only 97 tickets left
Wednesday is getting people pregnant worldwide ": is that a national thing?"
so proud of you!!!
Cool thanks. I'm still working on the video. I'll let you know when it goes up.
RT Twitter: the only place where you get excited when stranger follows you...
i think it's called David Beckham RT : Is there such a thing as Fantasy Soccer?
What are your suggestions? re the Men of calendar?
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
follow back ♥
RT : RT : Half Of The Chicks That Be Claiming That They Cute Don't Be
haha you love the Good Luck Joes :)
New favorite band is after seeing them at
I used to be bummed if I lost 10 solitaire games in a row. Now I'm bummed if I get 20 or 30 boring stumbleupons in a row.
just wanted to say it was great seeing you in Baltimore tonite! Your lyrics and stories seem so real to me! Awesome
Playing red, white and Bluezz tonight with great bassist, John B. Williams! 6:30.
"Nothing worth knowing can be taught"
#dsoc #sla2011 Jennifer Darragh speaking on Sources of Polling Data- pros & cons. Gallup Brain is one.
yea i heard it
Eric Church, Eli Young band, Joe nichols. June first, coca cola field. Make sure you get field tickets that's the real party
oh, have fun. They have one of my favorite rollercoasters!
I want to! lol
Oh yummy desserts. None for me. Not yet. Bean cake in my future. :)
either way I'm glad I'm up watching.
Hope Chef Gordon will be joining us for the Chefs Hall of Fame-Baker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday!
awww well don't worry booboo this week will go by fast!
dude, put down your smart phone and pick up a book...
another round of all out edit warfare and planning. This week has the promise of so much getting accomplished.
Sleepless in Portland... (Phone call from my manager informing me Las Vegas reporter coming to PDX on Friday All about sweeps
I NEED TO KNOW. They've kept us waiting long enough xD
It's Central's prom today. Thinking of my kids. Hoping they have a great time and stay safe!
such a pausy tweet
Great show last night at max's place with Davy Kay sparrow! Now off to Indy to play with the Brent Wallarab sextet!
Well done, sir. I'd been waiting for someone to make that legal point.
What an awesome message in church today....I AM A SURVIVOR!!!!
Ah. I guess I didn't get the memo that you were going on vacation.
Taking a quick break from report cards, promotion/retention, stipends, etc.
Your website shows the deadline as June 1st. I'm confused. What's today's deadline?
automated, targeted emails get a 49% increase in open rates
Detroit gets the son / Next nine years to extend large / Fielder legacy
oh... avatar
Ready! RT whos ready for round 2 on #NextIronChef? Will be tweeting live thru out the show at 9 PM EST. Stay tuned!
Missed hot tub time tonight. Well, we could've gone but there were..."other people."
Interesting that Valdes was the choice over Perez. Shows how little face the Mets have in Perez to simply provide five innings.
Bak on the road
Have any questions for Ms. Saldana?
A walk able city allows you two things: improvisation and discovery. Those don't happen at 45 mph
Touchdown Arkansas :D
#oomf is a douche
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? x
omg i just realized i spent over 100 in victoria secret last week when i went now i cant buy nothing from their till next week -.-
There are many reasons I want to see the #Gators do well this season, but one reason is 's health. Dude needs some1 2 win.
Those brands are doing an excellent job! Ive seen items repinned quite a bit. Starbucks needs 2 get on & target my generation
I'd like to ask Damone the secret behind awesomely arched eyebrows!
congrats! looking forward to your next chapter
.@ hoyasuxa You get the experience of the game before, during, and after the game.
Some slang needs to be revived
My sisters send me Starburst jelly beans (my fav) in the mail :D i'm a lucky guy. i miss them like crazy every day, for real
Whats good bro! Holla at Mr. "Way I Be Leanin" ! lol Need ya info bro so I can send ya this Jump Off!
Really? Must I say it again? Don't talk on your phone on the toilet. Especially at work.
I think Barnes is more loul deng than Paul pierce. Really good player but upside not quite paul pierce high.
It's pretty amazing :) We're working in school libraries in Cuzco, and then this weekend we're headed to Machu Picchu!
Let's start today
great time the other night man. Thanks for having us on your show..
If you haven't seen Las Vegas in the last few years, you haven't seen Las Vegas! Great package deals, unheard of prices. www.FreeXpedia.com
"In A Man's World" my first project coming soon!Im ready Im like a caged animal that's been let loose!lil help ill be gd
": When says he'll text me at 6, and never does <"Omg I'm so sorry! My phone died at the gym and I forgot!
great dane ill be watching!!!
I'm calling the Sriracha people tomorrow, this is gonna change our lives.
what are Tony Mueller's chances of making the majors?
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!
next you're going to tell me to add Will Smith O_o
i swear my school is haunted : /
same here dude. Just working
when im up this early i listen to cmt. #countrymusic 👍
"Are you that company that images the whole shirt?" Yeap...that's us!! - We do it BIG or not at all! Live Exclusive!
You guyz just made my day bc i didnt actually think tht you were gonna see me tweet. :D I FEEL So happy lol <3
About to fall asleep at this registerr !
Looking forward to attending awards this evening and meeting Maryland's entrepreneurs & innovators
positive vibes to all tweeps
And the legend continues... tonight at 7
Hi from a school library in Los Angeles!
What era had the best #music 60's 70's 80's 90's 00's 10's or happening right now?
Enjoyed our first info session? Come join us for Speed Interviews at Talbert 107 at 6pm!
i miss u step
RT : It's not a party until your entire agency gets kicked out of Benihana. Tangent: I think I passed a live dragon this a.m.
I can't quite remember yet also haven't forgotten, fr rdg 25 yrs ago, that passage about walking & walking & getting nowhere
You're so beautiful to me !!
hey I will call u in a bit. I am at speech night!!
your bitch ass doesn't answer the phone
I don't really like hendricks
I see. Admirable, still think you're a year early. But you're right in that playoffs are unpredictable. Especially in the NL.
#1DLikesBigBums Oh my God Louis, look at her butt.
This summer is gonna be full of sex!!!
Having a great time! :)
Why am I so awkward.
DAILY TIP: A profit is a profit. Treat your profits like profit and enjoy. No use crying over lost hands. Stay positive and look forward.
I love u too sis!
U r so beautiful!!!
Guilt is a prison, forgiveness releases not only the prisoner, but all those who have been affected by ones guilt.
Ah - that's an excuse...you just don't feel like being a guinea pig, right? you are probably right.
I wanna thank all those who made last night happen. all had a great time & now the owners are looking to do it again!
i got my own spot in atl
Gary Trudeau~ Ive been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence.
Did I really just get invited to a Halloween party on Facebook in April?
Getting ready to start 1set @ Porcelli's Ristorante & Bar
Wishing my NYC travelers, and , a fabulous day in the big city! Seattle misses you!
Thanks Twyla, you're a rather fantastic person yourself :)
,the big pix on 99 wks.ext. is Who gets the all 99, why do some get 99 & some don't Bias??
The Giving Tree was always my favorite book when I was little.
girl...it's over for Teddy
Ok, I must have known he was sick.
Berry booster from alterra thank you for getting me going today!
posed by the development of international capitalism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, and more specifically
"Transparency." A key term that keeps popping up in all the discussions.
Say hello to Suffolk Uni's newest adjunct professor: our Jessica Manganello (). Law for entrepreneurs, spring. Congrats, Jess!
Jered Weaver just threw a no-hitter, wow!
I am t the Yankee Candle flagship store in Deerfield, Mass. Apparently I've turned 80.
sounds like a plan!
Our first performance of the year will be at Welcome Lunch, 8/29! Can't wait to meet you in 2 weeks, 2015 Hoyas! /yd
Mom's assisted liv facility, I've developed crushes on the men over 80 :-)
Just had a strange thing happen when using an ebook link from Gale. Opened 2 different pages. Finally worked after clicking link 3x
Yes! I hate it.
Can't wait till you're here!
It just feels really good outside today!
Great to have you on board Emily =)
Keep BASE Camp Rocking, donate today! Simply text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you wish to donate to the number 27138
What a nasty day.:/
im hungry! :)
Ben: Kacie B's brought a marching band. Translation: I like the way she handles a baton.
me ._. but whatever
do I even know you?
1 more crappy thing about EPA's portfolio manager - can't google for problems without dealing with loads of pages with bad investment advice
k dude!
Follow and you will find out why I'm making all these orders with You will love them both!
Watching and listening to LMFAO is torture
wings & fries from bw3
Thx for all the support! Have a great New Year! A dream you dream alone is just a dream. A dream you dream together is reality ~ John Lennon
Baconfest was a lot of fun. I don't think I can top my bacondress for Baconfest.
It's National Plan A Vacation Week. View my website for great travel specials. Contact me for a quote. Let's get that...
the point is that Creighton never should have needed a buzzer beater... Just makes them look like weaker program than they are
24 Make-Up Hours!
let's change that!
In to deep like Mekhi Phif.
at least when you done rappin you may own woodlawn!
Fuckin Cock Roaches....
Hey there!!!!
Here's another shot to hoping she'll force feed me her vag!
I am im writing a play for school
We are OPEN, come check us out! We're in the Point Loma Plaza, near Sports Chalet. Treat yourself to 15 minutes of pure relaxation...ahh...
Been on since 12:30 AM
1) Old/New Richmond is a false dichotomy 2) How does #rva attract non civil waw tourists? 3) we need a REAL sports team
I think I am honestly going crazy.
Its my brother bday!!
doesn't want to get off the sofa. NO you can't make me!! Stop!! Kidnapper!!! Want to be more on my internets in front of comfy telly!!!
For those observing Lent, we are offering a Tuna Fish Sandwich & also a Veggie Sandwich!
Got home late from doing errands & spaced dinner trying for bedtime! #badparenting, I know! Wake her up or let her sleep?
Headshot Tip: Do not share your session with strangers booked at the same time. That's absolutely ridiculous...don't get suckered!
isn't that kind of pointless?
And thank you right back to you :) Happy Easter!
"TRUTH CAN STRIKE DOWN THE SPECTRE OF FEAR."
go to bed.
hahahahaha........... When I saw the word Shell, I thought u where talking abt me. :P :D
Jermaine had to have won now.
So the Dems want to go into the elections of 2012 having defended Weiner? Sounds like a winning strategy along with high unemployment.
Hope stirs the inner being to keep on keeping on, especially when things get toughest
Finally brothers whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, of good report; if there be any virtue and praise think on these thing ...
Skiffle Minstrels playing Lindy Fix live at 8:30 tonight at PCH! Beginner's lesson at 8 with Mark and Arlette, DJ Nate for the breaks!
"these are my penguin hands"
BattleShip with Charlene &
was awesome! I just can't stop thinking about it! :)
Happy Easter to all you Tweethearts out there! Have a lovely day! xoxo
you should work at subway when ur older. Tht way, u can eat subs whenever you want!(: hehee
IGONNAKILLYOU!!! Arrrgghhhh spoiler alert! oh well. YAYA If fifi le pew won I was gonna quit Rupaul FOREVER.
LOL it was for ELA. We have to do this blog thing for our poetry. It's the most pointless thing ever
happy to!
We will finally get back to work tomorrow! First day of fall practice in the a.m.
Did you see the DM's (:
I'm legit crying.. He didn't deserve to go home..
thank YOU! we have more music coming very soon!!!
Read about "Inequality of epidemiology" or go hiking with the friends? Yep, hiking sounds so much more appealing.
Four more days til my Birthday !
The Works moving to 107.3 on the FM dial in a matter of minutes. Same music, on-air staff, etc. The only thing changing is the frequency!
BandWagon is parked in the hood and people keep walking by looking into the open door looking so confused hahaha
Hey man
Will do. I am reasonably familiar with the product having chatted to a couple of huddlers before
God help Joe if he ever figured out how to look at his mentions feed
bored to deathh
Don't playy with my emotions..or i'll play with yourr facee
Ryan Leslie is my dude! #GreatR&BMusic
630 on a Friday in Dupont and not a single available within 20 minutes?
Startin to see why Melo only been out the first round once...
"Copy the Democrat's political tactics. The Republicans are like accountants." David Horowitz at Ramona Tea Party
Operation Bullshit is a success.
And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father. Galatians 4:6
what's up
lol, oh yes.
One More Day of Teaching!
of course it is. It's a bummer though...
Instead of using itunes Radio, I downloaded the playlist from wmse.org and now it works fine. Thanks!
No one cares what you know, unless they know that you care. ~~ Author Unknown
think you got hacked, buddy. got a weird DM from you yesterday, as well as last week :/
no cuz that's all one team u wasn't talkin all this heat shit before the playoffs once
glad you feel the same!With that said please give me credit for the tweets you've copied & pasted from my page, thanks in advance.
and me was just like what's that smell and looked over "Oh" lmao
hey like ur work
yes you can. 4 access points, 10mbit synchronous. No half-steppin. So to speak.
"But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep"
True You Been Over Around The 3rd
I like the word hussies
Party at my crib this afternoon! You all should come. Don`t bring your kids, this is grown up stuff ova`here.
DRUG TEST TO GET WELFARE WTF... WHERE AM I GONNA BUY FOODSTAMPS FROM IF ALL THE JUNKIES LOSE THEIR BENEFITS... FML
Everyone go follow (:
I wanna give you that good lovin that you deserve...
Follow me
Thank you for snacks at ! With obv. :)
Thrilled 4 my movie boyfriend in Ghostworld Steve Buscemi's win for Male Actor in a Drama. Tough category full of amazing actors.
Hey! Askia I would love to do some bizness with ya bro
is that a song? What's it called?
"Is that Ed Hardy you're wearing?"
Smx I wish Cinnamon Toast Crunch was a vegetable so good! Lol!
Oh yeah, we're taking care of him ;-)
Eden musta been one HELL of a watering hole.
Thanks! No book, unfortunately. I write for
Heavenly got snow, MAD-in laws confirm we are going!!! (MAD = Mom & Dad).
RT Sorry guys, but anyone who owns an Ipad is a pretentious douchebag until I buy mine next week.
hai I'm dying is it from that night jdksnd omg
#HappyBDAYJAZZY u are so adorable have fun with your family omg u are so cute omg <3 <3 <3 <3
Awe that's cute
haha Kyla said it not me! ;)
Labor Day - aahhh - the day before Tuesday. The Christmas Season begins tomorrow. Do you have a plan?
well, started it
I am fairly convinced is everywhere, all at once. I am considering nominating him for Secretary of Teleportation.
“There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.” - Phyllis Battome
Burning a few calories dancing to Shakira's 'Hips Don't Lie'...wish I knew how to belly dance.
: Metallic-y white!
I agree completely, I'm 5'10 close to 6'3 depending on what heels I have on.----": A guy must #ALWAYS be taller than his girl."
god did everything for him... Except make him a good qb
LOL RT : THANK YOU SWEET JESUS. Da Orange And Blue.
Had my medicine feels like a while since i aint had in two days
Wanted to pick up a cute hitchhiker, but Beth wasn't on board. He looked like an REI catalog model!
so what's up?
Ah fixed now!
Thanks for the shout-out! We're actually all full up w/ ~105 RSVP'd but we may have a few spots open up next wk.
RT : <3 Take your Valentine on a Ghost Hunt! <3 Saturday, February 11th at 9:00pm in Albuquerque Old Town.......
Does a good rain put out the Fire?
Mark Towns #Entertainment presents #Acoustic #OpenMic 2nite at Flora & Muse hosted by Selia Qynn
......and they can field!
Except the most profound question: Why?
Lunch? Who needs lunch?!
not vain, just coming home to myself.
Picking up Thai food. Yay!
gettin schooled with some Patsy Cline pandora radio. love it.
Need a ginger!
We specialize in screen printing for fashion brands. Call us 800-724-0577 or . Start your own brand!
what's your best "OH" overheard, for the day
It seems that I'm physically not capable of drawing the ironman.
without football on Sunday, what is there to do?
Good morning!
Happy Valentines Day! Almost one year of putting up with my antics...and love ya for it.
Head on down to Verduras Tea House & Cafe for the Fair Trade Crawl!
Interview yesterday went well! 2nd interview tomorrow! Interview today went very well too! Here's hoping I can make the job count 3! :)
it was fun! The panel went really well (or at least I think so) The weather could have been nicer but overall, good time!
Signs I'm back in the US: free Coke refills; auto ice water & check at restaurants; BBQ; nonstop Bin Laden coverage; & ridiculous game shows
Thanks I was really worried about this issue (panera) and now I can focus on my day because I am informed :-) Ha!
#sxtechstars Be attached to the problem you are trying to solve, more than the solution you are trying to solve it with. And think of API
I'm at AIPAD. Photography continues to amaze.
Time is running out. Use promo code #23917 to get $25 any optical purchase over $50 from now til 9.17.11....some exclusions. Hurry in !!!
I've been so obsessed with Instagram that I haven't been on twitter much.
- We want a debate Mr. Gray. We are more than a website...signed so-called "Fans" or Fenty.
We're not old... we're better! That's what I tell myself before I take my Metamucil.
Front Desk Thurs: Had a family of 11 come in & sit down for over an hr asking questions. Then got interviewed. While talking w/new docent.
My teacher is MIA. #whereareyou I'm ready to take my test!!!!
oh ok...can u put my username on it? cuz i don't want anyone else to steal it, they do that sometimes...
Thanks for the mention! X
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her your man getting out of jail next week
My favorite fish is gone.... :/
Wanna go to the soccer game?
I just read your email. That helps narrow down a few options. I will send you them in the morning when I get into the office.
Love it JT! What's next?
Is anyone else not get their @ replies in ?
Thanks for the unfollow my dear. Yes, I'm calling you out.
yum. Where at?
Best show EVER. Megatr0n, represent.
RT : Every time I used to visit the homie she was ordering food lol #random>>>Not EVERY time lol just not average :)
RT : : "2 biggest challenges to sustainability: Inappropriate certainty; and conventional wisdom"
*Reads Some tweet* Me: 😒 *Reads Some tweet* Me: 😒 *Reads Some tweet* Me: 😒 *Reads Some tweet* Me: 😒 *Reads Some tweet* Me: 😒
go pack!! IVE BEEN AT IT SINCE I GOT HOME!
": wat channel my favorite rapper." Lol Spike TV was on marathon
Coming home crying bc you hate your job so much <<
Upshot of Android tablets is they can run all sorts if reader apps. You can even sideload the Nook app onto a Kindle Fire!
night twitterr world
Yes,it's not cheap but we chose to have it made in the USA rather than export jobs to China.USWages>ChinaWages
Got the same feeling in Charlotte. However, the boys didn't disappoint.
I remember when I saw my first jewelry book at a big chain bookstore in NYC, was over the moon! Congratulations on your book!
Bought some new goodies at JoAnnes!
iReally Didn't Know Back Then But Right Now I'm TOTALLY Sure !
just saw a firetruck fly down my street.
yes! half-price valentines candy at the store!
Gregory Corso was in prison for burglary.
I'm making you go two miles out if your way? First of all, I'm on your route. Second, it's barely half a mile so you can shut up now.
Love that website! It looks awesome! Thanks for hooking us up with the property search!
I've been really shitty to people on the phone lately. Sorry for it, just don't piss me off & it won't happen. x
#Clippers have HEART.
#askselena favorite recent movie..?
Just had my first sighting of the season. Yippie!!
I can't force an attraction that's not there
yay for the weekend i get to have Cubby on my radio station LOL K104 NY
Ignoring me won't get you far. That $550 I paid obviously didn't amount to shit on my end. Stop hiding, hit me with that #!
how's life? U coming over here so I can show u the routine for the boys next week
good to see you giving Hamilton a shout out. He was great at Casino del Sol Bowl game. Good pressure throughout.
"The 3-D Experience." Now U know! #YouCantHaveSwag if U don't buy the #new #Blackshire #album March 6, 2012
Hip hop u saved me!!!
Just saw myself "acting" on Bravo's Million Dollar Listing New York. Did anybody see it yet? "Well played" considering the circumstances.
