What day will the LAPC $10k play down to the TV table and what time will filming start the next day? Thx.
I would probably only use the second bedroom for guests and to store computer crap (printer, scanner).
Tony Parker is only 30?! For real?
Mr. Chopra I hope I get the chance to meet you while you are in NY! You are truly an inspiration!
“: Impossible's just an opinion. Don't buy it.”
what's good where I at?
Congratulations brother. Much respect and continued success in all that you do.
ScentSations June essential oil sale - Buy two in-stock oils or lotions and get one in-stock oil or lotion free. Contact me for details...
was that #World_Peace smashing #Rondo's head into the ground like that?
": "[They] listened to the music ....as though synchronizing their heartbeats with it." -- Kurt Vonnegut" Try that w/Slayer.
I'm from Bellinghamm~!
100% of teachers have a higher education than Walker
Can you bring in about 1/4 cup of pomegranate molasses for this recipe Jane assigned to me?!
We prevent injuries, so you don't have to rehab them. CG Philosophie-The Cerebral Approach to Fitness
inputting time sheets is like a chore in itself!
REUNION THIS WEEKEND!!!!!
Swell. Busy.
Big League Chew and GI Joes
It's no secret that I'm a Palinista. And perhaps I go overboard occasionally. But some of you out there need to get a grip.
Finaly, were off break
Good Dick Will Make Her "Put A Ring On It"
MT If trees could scream would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might if they screamed all the time fr no reason
They need like a ten year break from each other!
Congrats on a job well done. RT Tonight I Chair my final SAC meeting. It's been quite a run.
building an application to deploy on GAE
get on Rogan's podcast to talk about UFC 142 ASAP please!
I need sleep
What do you think about all the people remixing your songs in dubstep format? Id really like to know if you approve/feelings?
Me too, and I do remember him being less pedantic and more tuned-in. He just got old and doesn't follow baseball that hard.
And, you have a fabulous Friday as well!
Sadly agree. They don't care OR have bad intentions (jealously, etc) most of the time. "Loose lips sink ships".
Just my luck. My phone isn't charging. Anyone know how to fix this?? It isn't charging to any charger or USB
Zurich scraps 393 jobs moving PL to Endsleigh Zurich will axe more than 300 jobs by 2014 in a bid to transform its personal lines busines
The Soup & Stock Market, AJBombers, Swig and Water Buffalo ... Pick a place, any place! We will deliver to YOU!
Seriously disgusting, but not unexpected RT Yale, student rape, and 'no means yes': chroni.cl/wbCHpn
Where does Dolly Madison fit into this scheme? I guess she's owned by Hostess now so doesn't count
The one good thing about being old as I am, I can feel so fortunate to have seen Freddie Mercury and Queen back in the day.
Congrats Flynn & The Packers!!! That was an awesome game! :D
Am happy for because she just got her ipod ((: she has been waiting for it for like 2 years :b
#geekend #fa115 via "your evolution is inevitable I you keep doing it"
Made my morning waking up to texts from you two.
"Men Are Ready For 'Victor's Secret,' Times Claims" #huffpost I'm ready, if the model is Ryan Reynolds!
I'm gonna fucking cry. New music from the biebs tomorrow!
Gives me a lot of confidence to hear this from my mom: "I love you. I am so lucky to have you as a son."
more like
Memorial weekend coming up. Vegas will be slammed busy, u definitely want to get ur reservations in ASAP.
Woah. I think I have to be in this video. What are you doing the 12th & 13th hm?
congrats! & good luck :-)
Dating shows : interesting that when the women pick, it seems to last vs when the men do.
Just presented a speech to high school students about college & their future. Of course they asked me if the parties are fun. Couldn't lie.
#niners working hard ...keep it going!
Kareoke Starts @ 9:00 Tonight!!! Come join in all the fun!!!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
ooohh it is rare to develop later in life, but happens
Van Halen's "Right Now" just came on & I said outloud "Panthers fans...are you ready for overrrtimeee?!?!" My co-workers thought I was nuts.
You looking like a dime and you keep it x10. Hunnit!
I love a cloudy Saturday when I can chill on the couch and balcony watching tv and reading!!
Tupac - Hail mary
Bug/GPS/Mini Camera sweeping services available.
thank you sir! surely there will be a home for one of my little creations.
I make a very good living & am happy to support higher taxes. My rate would go up. Typical liberal, that's me.
emphasis on "may check", just remembered she attended National Equality March in Oct. '09, could be politically active
thanks for cleaning my room and road tripping with me today. You da best
Excited for TRX Group Training in Boca this Sunday!
Commencing The Wayfarer book 2 Electric Boogaloo.
cause you didn't get accepted 😂
goodnight twitter world:) i better be able to wake up tm. #sixflags ah!
S/O to my newest follower welcome love
Devastating when my rich friends are out of town and I can't get into the SoHo House
Who is at the #Marlins-#Cards game right now? Whatcha think?
This has been a great final hour of golf. I like Bubba to win.
. - Her name is on list because some unknown bureaucrat made a secret decision, based on secret evidence, to put it on list.
Ohio struggles to draft tougher law after exotic animals' escape COLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - Ohio legislation designed to clamp down on ow
"I'm comfortable with the revenge." (#dareproject chatter)
trying to get back onto a normal sleep schedule...
if u love me u will :)
Is the whole Amityville area going away? Games, hot dogs, everything?
Our #FitMKE banner from just arrived! Look for our tent on Saturday at the Fit Milwaukee Indoor Marathon Relay!
Keep Pushing. We got you.
RT The more people you connect with, the less time you have to spend on any one of them. - Hamlet's BlackBerry //
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign. Thank you!
I'm just so very really bored
I didn't forget but it looked like you had found a way out of it haha. How long u back for son?
great weekend w/ future hubby & glad to be home to pick up Roxie 2morrow. Only bad thing was the guy's breath next to me on the plane. lol
would you mind calling me today!? :)
trust me, its effective.
Leaving for the recording studio to lay down a track for a friend. Hopefully I don't make a fool of myself.
ah! so nice. are you at the university club? i cannot wait to see you!
We are :) RT : Starting a new product from scratch? Learn and be encouraged with other #entrepreneurs doing the same. We like...
that's wassup!!! Just some super glue for the hair and the hair paint and it's set! (:
#VegasRoast any time you go out with Corey Nigrelli you know it's gonorrhea-lly good time- Chad Saunders Hahahaha
Finally watching The Green Mile.. Its about time!
only if i can ride my bike ;) but PLEASE
Great to see and on bikes during lunch today! (No, they weren't the bicyclists who almost ran me over.)
Loved hearing Daniel Birnbaum's inspirational talk about turning around SodaStream as well as getting to meet fellow ROIers at
: To avoid 'who dat?' moments when I speak in your general direction from this new handle, I am also that guy -->
all about fullerton.
Sure, but I'm comfortable imagining some of the things you want in a flight are also paid for in ticket. It's more efficient.
listening to ? Very proud. Be sure and catch him tonight with your boy on cc:
that's true talk my sis
I'm having homemade manicotti. Be jelly :P Xx
completed his food and exercise diary for 08/15/2011 and was under his calorie goal
On the plus side I love spending the WHOLE day with Keylee she makes me smile and laugh so much! It's so worth the lack of sleep!
Instead of putting Mayo on your sandwich, use Gourme Mist instead! You'll save 100 calories!!
just finished rehearsing with My band..relaxing now..
I can do one for you! Mark
I know right? I'll ask if I'm going to sawgrass Friday and I'll tweet you lol or Facebook
:-) #thebulls won last night (good game btw, hope u didn't miss it) let's see the #whitesox win today:-)
Actually, I'd go see and and die of happiness instantly.
Wide, wide awake on my one day to sleep in. Typical, right? Oh well.
I knew this would happen
Get ugly , your to beautiful .
why's that?
Now cops asking "please step into the park," herding people in
Stressful day at home today. Grrrrrr I'm tryin to stay positive! :-/
Great game today!!
Thanks so much for the kind words Matt. I hope that everyone would see it that way.
Thanks. (Graham makes a similar argument to Lena McQuade's dissertation on midwifery training in New Mexico, 1920s.)
Should talk to me more :D
golden retrievers are so 90's
Drama teacher is announcing who got parts in the play. Hope I got wat I want!!!
You down with O.P.P ?
hey Kurtis, thanks so much for joining us, hope you'll be back ..
I'm at 202 followers, thanks guys! Now it's time to aim for 300! :]
": ": Your girlfriend looks like a bulldog :(""
i hope i have a kid that builds a secret laboratory in our house i'd fuck with that lil genius
Magic have been burned before with SHAQ....but I think they should wait this out...not going to get anything of real value
oh finals suck
Watching "I Just Want My Pants Back"!
Mario Lemieux has the distinction of being the only person to ever win the Stanley Cup as both a player and an owner.
you betta calm ya nipples lmaooo :p
Free Shots at every PACKER TD, 1/2 off Pizza Slices during half time and $2 Domestics / $1 PBR !! And as always we've got KILLER Bloodies !
RT Use the surrender tactic: transform weakness into power.
Big thanks to everyone for a fun Wednesday night!
Barnett would enjoy Parisian pound cake, no doubt :)
Watching the Law & Order :SVU where Jake.T Austin is in 😄 I'm so glad I recorded it
M GURLLL YOU KNOW
Well that just ruined my night
RT : I love myself so much right now, ima diddle myself
American idol is like watching bad Disney auditions
Bj penn vs will be a good fight
Went to David Foox/Patrick McMullan photography exhibit at the Sanctuary. Who knew that a bunny as a muse could make such great art!
please follow me Nick:)
I'm tell you there needs to be a Tumblr of fancy people taking pictures of Bill taking pictures of fancy people.
Gonna make me a vampiro tonight
what does your foundation help with Mr. Olsen? I will be at the July 9th Charity event in Chicago. Im from there. I cant wait!
yeah absolutely, come out to pub night next time!
Thanks for making my day <3 It was terrible until you smiled at me! Get to see him tomorrow (:
Finished reading the Steve Jobs bio. Very insightful, inspiring and a hell of trip. Talk about being driven and focused!
it took all this time to become a believer. Next time trust your best friend
Evans Donnell: Nashville Children's Theatre, "Beauty and the Beast", 1972
Hey! Thnx for the add! ;)
final Haiti Awareness Month event! Sat Oct 2, Poetry reading at Pour House Cafe, 7:30-9pm. www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=109714442420989
You are most certainly welcome!!! ")
How come its so easy to fall in love but so hard to forget the one you feel in love with<3
I genuinely meant to wave at this girl but out came my middle finger on accident.
However many ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are greatly more means of being dead, or rather not alive.
Hilary's busy building her global empire just in time for 2016...
Quiz was brutal got to study my ass off!
have I sent you an email yet
I think that's the only route for some artists, especially those starting out.
It's cool though .
I just heard my mom say well hello sexy how are you today?
Court ruled you can be legally fired for using the Like button on Facebook
During the second half the Suns' bench played 46.7 points per 100 better by swapping in Childress for Brown. Astounding!
i need to smoke a black n mild son.
Pssst! Reporting from & that Kanye West is in shooting his new video "Theraflu".
as do I :) Agreement is not a requirement. Honesty is a big plus :))
Boyfriend - Justin Bieber.
Such a pleasant surprise to see you and (finally) meet IRL! Look fwd to hanging out again, for more than 10min:)
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
Come into Lottie's tonight for Oscar's famous nachos & ridiculously tasty quesadillas.
When one considers that I'm the ONLY native Eng spkr in a town of Brasileiros, I can relate -
First my teacher talks shit about the cubs and now coffee?!? ..now its personal!
but I donttt smoke bitch, you do!! 24/7!
sure i do lets start by hi my name is jasmin lol
i would but already said he was small...lmao
WOW! (But we can't get a whole movie out of that cast??)
My boo surprised me by visiting me at school!! Love seeing him! Totally makes my day!
WHAT THE HECK? what did the baby even do?! Like omg she needs to be jailed and her kids need to be taken away from her!!
I think it's going to be drive through time for me after work. It's too weird not to try it.
do you have to try to keep him away from bees now? Carry some sort of doggy epi-pen?
wish I could have seen your talk! “: Tonight presented updates on at #iotnyc meetup.”
I'm crushin super hard!! feels like High School all over again... Hes so damn fine! *.*
RT We completely agree in fact it is that subtle racism that cuts deeper.... <& often harder to eradicate>
this game was simply about Duke not finishing wide opens opportunities. UNC played above their heads...but this was on duke
It's so complicated
I did sleep late. An hour longer than usual. It was nice. So was the coffee.
For all those police & military dogs, the German Shepard has a chance at Best in Show!
Wednesday night is Lady's night. $5 Three Olive Drinks and $3 Wines. For EVERYONE..
I'm jammin out to #ClubLifeMiami before my final exam! Great tracks, Great vibes!! I'm loving Chasing Summers!! Amazing album! 😃❤
California I'll be seeing you on Sunday. Now to the hard part...5 suitcases, or just 4? #vacation YAY.
#FieldConnectMobile provides cross-platform construction scheduling on jobsite (iOS or Android; smartphone & tablet); take a look !
Cool. It is actually clothing I bought while I was there and then forgot to bring with me. The equiv of 3 dress shirts. Sound okay?
Cool! I'm kind of a Skype newbie - it's something I'm planning to use next year (summer workshop about it). Thanks!
Anytime, The State has always been and always will be my hometown venue!
Only in our wishes! RT : You would disappear RT : If I Had
let's go do this
Every single thing I made today has booze in it. I am a mad Irish baker.
Green lantern was good, however the beat part about the movie was seeing the man..... Mr. Tim Robbins
Ikr u play lax?
"Sure" Just Kidding
me a ninja warrior, i kill fly !!!!
500 followers :)) (Y)
- wish a nigga would!
I have the best girlfriend in the world
Sittin Wit My Step Daddy, Tony Teague.. Niqqa Crazy A'f , But I Still Lovee Him Tho.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!!
This is why we vibe so well !! I have so much love and respect for you girl!! I appreciate your spirit!
shit not to bad hot as fuck out here
there are so many lots of people on mass ave today. Horrifying.
A lady dance party just broke out for Spirit Is The Spirit. Get yourselves to the brick!
People gonna talk whether you're doing wrong or right.
Yeah, I need to replace it. That was about 45lbs/20kilos/3.2 stone ago.
#Shoutout new marketing client
Thanks for helping me to relax after a crazy day. :)
what the bizness
I know you've been pushing hard w/ LOEX lately, but should we set up another time to look @ the in. colloq. prop?
Get outta my head and fall into my arms instead...<3
Omg the dreams ive been having...
Hope everyone has a great St. Patrick's day! If you are thinking about drinking too much green beer,plan your detox Monday here 713-623-0866
Greatest finish ever!?! Manchester City
*giggles softly*
i have so much boring
I never thought I'd be riding the Metro at 630 am after an all-nighter with College Park hipsters.
The day I realized I could make homemade potato salad and then eat it for lunch AND dinner until the bowl was gone? Great day.
Happy 2 have been able 2 attend #AD4MH. does transformative work w/ many women & kids in
It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival
#3WordsForYou Stop The Hate
we need one in Las Vegas ASAP!
“: #Boston: T Debuts Today! Find us in Cambridge @ Flagg St & Memorial Dr / 10a-7p! #eatmoretacos” Wonder if I can get there?
Working on a Nigerian accent. Listening to some funny freakin nigerian comedians on youtube:)
I Might Sound Stupid . But I Feel Like The World Is Ending......
Would love to talk with you! It's been the defining experience in terms of my teaching style & views on education.
tough life lady. :)
Just done rolling a 100 joints of Strawberry Cough...wahooo
Lol well played, madam.
I want to go home.
where is it?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow?
Anyone found a good 'free' community to replace #Ning? Ning terms change 8/20. I would really appreciate suggestions! Thanks in advance.
Vying for my attention...end of term grading vs NCAA bball. Slllllloooowwwww grading.
What happens at home needs to STAY at home....
Enjoy! Tell us all about it! RT Looking forward to tonight....I see meat in my future...
Thankfully no. Just a general observation on their trickyness
That one person you see EVERYWHERE, but you dont know their name.
Tomorrow starts a new season
This is celebration, this is levitation.
Happy Mothers Day
you might be right.. I'm playing the odds. Let's see what half time looks like ..
A few more naps & then it's back to libraries, archives, etc.
so...technically, i could unfollow, refollow and usurp your 500 status... LOL
#Broncos Hillman-Ricky Williams and Walter Payton reason why he's wearing
I will try Bellarmine doesn't have mailing lists n I don't have a personal mailing list either Will try my best
#MyPastRelationships obviously didn't work out considering im
it was at a restaurant a really dark colored beer, I remember it was pretty pricey..I don't think it was Sam Adams
I got this - I work for a Fortune 100 company. Umm, works better for the giver than the recipient.
bands playing next week on sept. 20th ..Vanessa Boyd, Chicago Aissawa, and the Fiscal Copy
how about Tab Stopper?
yezzir... I whips it real hard!!! Haha
Uggh, how long will it take for this grease to heat up???
Thanks for the shout out! One way or another it couldn't have happened with out you and your introductions my friend.
sing it braxtons and yay mary mary won..!
A plush Prostate? Can anyone guess what it is? First correct response wins a #Movember T-shirt.
where did you a film Switching the Script?
it's semifinals! if the caps win the next game, they're playing the Devils for a spot in the stanley cup finals.
#Imagine Alex: "How many times a day do you think about [your name]?" Austin: "Lets just say shes 99.9% of my brain.." -Austin smiles-
boardwalk empire has inspired my new business idea.
RT : No donuts here.//we're outside and donut-less now, too.
Thanks to for being awesome and putting some great #highered #gaming presentations together
Someone tweet me I'm bored as fuck and I'm alone and scared
Monday, we've got the Dave Miller Experience here at 7:30. This will another great all-ages, no cover show!
When I watch Fox Soccer on Comcast it's like watching a film shot in 2.39 ratio.
Arnie said his Dad told him to be nice to everyone. The media must get tiresome but part of job.
Wise men still seek Him today. ~Dan Bell
RT : RT : Christmas is ugly sweater time of year :D
hope my best friends mom feels better
It appears I have forgotten where I live
Working working working
Starting the rumor now. Bruce Pearl will bring UWM back to glory
I was told that Venus and Jupiter are closer than ever in the sky tonight. But that's not what Venus told me last week...
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella Trio 6-8 p.m. hemmingwaysbistro.com
the color is great on her too!
Luz is truly awesome(:
Same here! We should go when you get back. Although I will be in B-Town tomorrow...so sometime soon!
The roast was awesome! You handled it like a #madman!
i live the fly of a fly girl
hey buddy (:
Heading to the bottom of the 9th all tied up!
(ANGEL) GET YO BALD HEAD ASS ON . YOU BE HAVING 2 TRACKS IN YO INVISIBLE PONYTAIL -___- BITCH I CAN GO ON YO HAIR ALL DAY SO JUST STOP.
I can't believe Suze Orman, my financial mentor, could give such bad advice on credit card advice. wtf!
Stacey, whistling winds
when can I get a jersey?
Arbor day. The one day that Texas Tech tricks students into doing the work of the grounds crew.
nice. a big moment.
Yep. Just off of Buck 0 Three
Having a true friend is one of the greatest blessing
Just met after a great dinner and he has heard of #Kylestock through twitter! Schweet.
I can't stand it when FAKE people pop up on my twitter!!
Reached Omaha getting ready to present with students @ the State School Board
Aw I love you guys :)
fall in love only when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely...
Jedi archives ftw.
He stabbed his organization in the back and now a surgeon will return the favor.
T. Boone Pickens seems to be going the Warren Buffett route and working harder at establishing his leftist credentials than at his business.
no we good but thanks": if u want me to follow you! because im gonna follow #EVERYONE that follows
In a training re twitter. Maybe I'll actually learn how this works.
Suicide Sprint Tuesday! (...and lots of ab work!)
There iz NO justification in owning/driving a minivan...I don't care who made it...and I DEFINITELY don't care what year it iz.
Oh, what lies there are in kisses!
Madigan to close. Begins by correcting his statement that AFSCME does bargain active & retirees. Emphasizes does apply to GA. Mentions COLA.
“: i tweeted mo 2day den i ever did b4” Hell yeah..Crazy
The Bucks face the Dallas Mavericks tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
Looking forward to seeing Little Miss Muffet this afternoon at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre
Ron Artest and the retired Anthony Mason songs would be Three Days Grace "Riot" because their always fighting
Loving all the random what would you do if you won conversations happening in my neighborhood right now. Hilarious.
no problem. Thanks for the followback
Hey Luke, how are u bro? love ur Christmas CD
happy Friday, blaze one up, nice and fat
Hyped to see tonight at Even MORE hyped to see tonight at !!!
Hey the nail salon doesnt double as a daycare Make ur kids sit down & tell them to stop opening the door it makes the bell go off each time
I'm glad you enjoyed it! It was a particularly good conference -- lots of takeaways. Thanks so much for coming!!!
Eww! 😣“: Then some chick quickly joined him and he quickly took her to the cashier area to buy a drink...dude's not slick”
omg! Tiring as fuck! I didn't have any water for 3 hours! Emilio's class was hard! But I caught up on it! Jaja's was
I know. Never a good thing :(
great speaking interview with Dan Link at University Club this morning while on deadline - you rule. Thanks.
First softball games of the season, then down to our sponsors for the #Rangers game
9 weeks test start tomorrow! :(
oppa! U got verified! Congrats!
- Saw "Tell No One" last weekend -- very nice thriller, even better because it is French!! Reminded me of Vertigo.
what a pimp!
haha! I love it!
#np Hang Me Up To Dry by the Cold War Kids
Will Google and Sprint join #Isis? It would be nice to not have a standards war in this space. I want some momentum behind #NFC payments!
Why is Mr. Darcy on the set up Up w/Chris??
- Thanks for the retweet David!
Honor does not have to be defended.
I try not to spam , But i feel like its the only way to get your attention... Please proove wrong? Follow? ❤
Once again has woke me up wit his tweets.....good morning ;)
when whiteys try to be chocolates <<
It is those parent templates that need to be looked at to align truths and beliefs from generation to generation...
I'll keep my hopes alive.Maybe I wasn't supposed to date a girl from my church, but from another church instead. :)
by jacobs field, if that's what they still call it
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Wow over 2000 followers! Thank you!
RT : How can it be a secret if everyone knows you're a goddess and writing queen?
date like a man, so you won't get played like a bitch :p
4 lectures on footnotes in 2 days=one professor very happy to be done with that chore.
THE FUCK STYLES?!
Hope things are good with u and the fam. Hang in there kiddo.
why wait? do it anyway, but give me a heads up as to where you are so I can come watch. I love public breakdowns
because that picture is really cute
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Lady Antebellum? They're pretty much awesome.
Katie knows science.
aww thank you so much..
NO SOCIAL LIFE FOR THE NEXT 3 WEEKS RICKY! WHAT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND.
oh. Haha blonde moment
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home. ~Mother Teresa
is officially going to start tweeting. "like" NOW.
Led Zeppelin my music of choice for Sunday cleaning. Their intricate guitar, plaintive lyrics & melodies put me in zone.
Happy to do it!
Busy week ahead. We're gearing up for the trunk show at this Friday and Saturday. Hope you all can make it!
This is why I hate the #nba Knicks won't get a call this whole series. I guess NBA execs and officials have the #heat in Vegas
#cil11 Marshall Breeding treats us to highlights from his collection of 26,000 photographs in track A
Twitter from Adium. interesting.
so who wants to go get Roman Reloaded??? 0_o
Good morning to you
Hopefully i dont have todo summer school...
nobody calls him "adam" or "rosales" these days. :p
Just had some bomb ass milk n cookies n shit...
just cause I'm up 2 holes on u, why do u have to call out my swing
It's way better than "you have bad veins, let me poke you six more times." Trust me.
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery @ Liberty Station. Complete with bocce. Awesome!!!
I love how you always spell out enthusiastic runner as my twitter name. :)
get on down here!!! Haha
u say u wit whateva, but u say "no" 2 all the options!!!
there is really nothing to do when you're home alone sick
I could not be happier that today is over with.... I'm exhausted from work.
JBL PRX 400 SERIES IN STOCK! CALL FOR GREAT PRICING THAT IS TOO LOW TO ADVERTISE!
I am fabulous...how are YOU? Gloomy day 'round here, tho..think I'm gonna head for a run. THEN I may have a little java :)
You Know you're a teacher when... you can't name your own child names that evokes good,bad&ugly memories.
Was elton wearing stiletto boots ? Lol
- thanks 4 the reply ...i'm good - enjoying that pictures of you :)
I second that!
Thanks. We'll pass it on to our blog editor for consideration.
Haha your family RT : All drinks taste better out of a mason jar.
just let me know, im ready
Busy day. Learning lines for "The Orange Person", World Premier of Morgan at the Out on Film Fest. in Atlanta, and NYC Tweet-up tonight.
Girls dont know what they want and guys dont realize what they have.
I'll text you guys!
"What is this? Why are people so mean to that poor little boy? Or is he a girl?"
Arsenal for selfish purposes, I know he he comes AW will give a good shot to be a 1st choice player
stoked you like the song and stoked that you're part of
What is your favorite number?
I have 3% . So bye. blow up my mentionnnnss. well no nevermind dont aha or ill punch you. Jk bye (;
sorry no video that I'm aware of. . . maybe next time.
On that side of the aisle I did like Huntsman, which of course meant he had no chance of getting their nomination.
So she woke me up & now I can't go back to sleep !!!!
": Definitely Jeferson that signed the 4 year extension. #SportingKC" I'm guessing KAMARA
Fast Five!
ah yeah.
creative motivation: Think left &think right &think low &think high. Oh, the thinks u can think up if only u try!~Dr. Seuss
As the insightful says "Do the difficult stuff first. Let it be difficult and do it anyways." Fine! I will!
These girls im my child guidance class are some serious bitches
Oh man - I just looked at all the mail in the Peters/Saldana race. it is definitely boxing season for all.
no one flirted with me over dm's... im so sad
My phone is charging without a charger . Wuuuhhhhttt . ?
what are you watching?
Thank you to for the #FollowFriday mention
Before I die,I want to be in a club/bar and dance on a pole.I'm serious tho.
Don't give up! When I listen to the BBC, I'm inspired to find more colorful ways to express myself... for what it's worth.
Soriano looks so much better in games that he plays an important roll in...<<And has "swag"...note the shirt pull after game!
Crazy. My mom says my dad NEVER went to Grocery store! SMH
though ideas are part of ideology...
#Sony Earbuds: what abt something different? useful? I have ideas... who needs an idea? #apple #pioneer ? sell some buds! 12412
Thanks for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
The food at the premiere party better be damn good since I just gave you all my money.
They require companies to remove content American companies don't like, no due processess, no conviction of infringement reqrd.
u get it back ?
This really happened please excuse my daughter as she stabbed herself with a craft knife in her left ankle when cutting cardboard.
Use your words. Get at me.
Wanting to see tomorrow!
hahah :D I'm behaving!
This snow is only making me want spring break harder
Excited that CNN may be coming to do a live remote from Thompson Library this Wed. Will share details as they come!
The semester is over! :D
I can totally see that!! hahaha james
Choosing between front row Nats seat and Game of Thrones was my Sophie's Choice today.
I dont wanna make his mood worse.
I'm going to my 1st Dodger game in Seattle. Will see Blue June 9th & 10th.
I'd do her
they gonna hate us after they hear are new ish
Thank you for the RT! Craftstravaganza was wonderful today! :)
That is the best "trick" 2 getting started. Tell yourself u only have 2 do a bit, and once going it is easier. Yay, ur done!
"I got that drink in my cup" bitch please you're like 12, the only drink you should have in that cup is apple juice.
It's just one of those days, when you finally realize why you went through everything you did yesterday, last week, last year.
come on man! It was top news!!!! What did you expect from people??!!!
Got to love the good ol' boy network bs on mad men. Peggy represent the average female in corp.
Oh yeah...or we could get two "lot lizard" specials at the truck stop!
it may the job that saves our economy. Cockitects are in demand now.
I can finally see my hard work paying off! Today I was able to get into my fave dress, which I haven't been able to do in almost 2 yrs 😃👗
Leslie Liu presenting on caring for premature infants, social support, and the role of mobile tech.
In Dallas. The warning is for South Dallas county.
but its ok cause you .... me
Thanks for the follow Sexy Fucker!! Too bad you don't list Texas in your list of states..
Playing all of old music !! Stuff I forgot existed but still know the words !!
We have many exciting things for 2012 join us and be part of this tshirt revolution!! Do you have what it takes? looking for
Love the bubble wrap calendar!
Thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy this beautiful day!
Belt around her neck and hanged herself," her 41 year old dad hung himself from his 3 year old daughter's swing set. 18 year old Dale Crole
and one more: that one followed the other (even after being told specifically NOT to). I just don't get it....
it's over w/ for this woodpecker goin ham. where my slingshot at???
I will still love ur tweets regardless of ur account name. Now back 2 the important things...... like dissing Nickelback. :)
Old Eddie Murphy movies > New Eddie Murphy movies
We love the way your blog categories change format as browser size changes! A really well-planned responsive design
"The thing that differentiates man from animals is money" Gertrude Stein. #RantRave Chpt 29 ANIMALS tonight Words, beer will flow
Trying out my new garment steamer tonight
maybe we should re-evaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
So nice to meet you, Crystal. Thanks for being part of a great evening. Glad to be connected. (LOVE your avatar!) :)
Funny. The one outside my window says "Hey Delaney" :)
Yup. Idris Elba won a Golden Globe for his lead in that show. RT heard Luther was good. I'll check it out.
Spokeo.com has all your private information on file and open to the public. You can remove yourself on their privacy page. Watch out!
would u get another female battle on that smack stage already!! Cause you keep gassing these girls. and It's sad!
Give Me Any Beat I'll Kill It ...
RT: Planning a social media campaign with peer-to-peer influencers? One good metric is: cost per acquired advocate.
Thou ethnic iBook
Deena looks like a man, man
how long are you in town? Wanna have a quickie coffee?
they sky :3
Not only that, but I have to get up no later than 5, get ready ASAP, and get to school early so I can finish planning.
JUSTIN BIEBER :O!!!!!! i looveee you <3
Just bought a new Carbon steel Wok, I see stir fry in the near future!
first impressions of some ethnographic research methods: it's going to take a lot of practice not to just feel like a creeper.
I always feel safest near ice cream
I am legitimately surprised to see that only has 568k followers. He's probably a bit demoralized that has 3.6m.
can u please overnight it? ;)
look at you, you nerdy baller you!
Thanks for posting on FB. Following now... :)
Yes ma'am!
Back from a week scaling 13K ft mtns in CO. Right now the pile in my inbox looks higher than any of them. #vacation -- worth it?
Just curious, what are you using NetDataContractSerializer for?
Scouting for a great position this summer? Contact us to find out what part-time jobs are waiting for you! Make $ AND enjoy your summer!
ROTFL.......we would love to have you in TX...tired of being the only "rat packer" here....lol
thanks for the RT! Happy Friday :)!
you are a copier.
and I am always ready to buy resort!
I dnt Like being around people I dnt kno!
“: Walden - what an idiot.” so far, the understatement of 2012
#50LiesIWasTold I will love you forever!
I hate when I can tell I'm starting to get sick...and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it 😓
damn so do I... I would take that anyday over mine... How long is the layover?
RT : If I treated you the way you treated me, I promise you would not have stuck around the way I did.
Breaking News: ABC cancels All My Children & One Life to Live! Final Episodes to air in 2011 & Early 2012
Last one in is a rotten egg! lol
Charlie's... sensory overload!
I've lost control over how the nursery is being decorated. Brandon is all for miss/matched themes. Animals on one wall, sports on the other
The dairy industry's new commercials bashing alternative milks = lame. Have you seen them? (Mom is scary monster shaking the alt milk?)
What should I be looking forward to with your magical gift of making great music?
#HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for (us) hard-working middle class people.
Just matched a Buckingham Browne Nichols senior to a PR/marketing internship for her senior project.
Thanks for the kind words. I'm just livin' the dream!
too soon
Studio today! :D Get pumped!!! Guess what songs we are recording
What's Hiding in Your Energy Drink? The 5 ingredients you need to know before you crack open a can
1br in a large 2br Woolen Mills apt 4 rent! Peace, river, garden, bookshelves, cat, all good stuff. .
Just 2 more days til the premier of “Nepal’s Stolen Children,” a documentary on #humantrafficking hosted by on 6/26!
New Playwrights Festival. My next play will be read Wednesday night the 27th at 7pm FAU Boca Raton Studio One Theatre. You are invited!
every cowboy sings a sad sad song....evvvvvry rose has it's thorn
If breaking hearts is just a game then, pretty girls, you're all the same.
« >>> RT : his sweater reads BITCH IM FROM MILAUKEE ! #pantherfest»
your hilarious can't wait to hear the new album been a fan since puppy love lol
Weirdest arrangement ever.
It is by self-forgetting that one finds.
Blessed....despite of my current problems
is attacking someone for something that he would probably do... again?
#RnRUSA getting so excited for our 13.1 miles of fun tomorrow!
#casev Lake Forest college: Most of our alumni interaction is through Facebook, LinkedIn, and Flickr.... I did not expect
Gaining new followers & hearing feedback from our fans
Old school Law and Order on TNT now. Lenny, Logan and Claire.
Have any weird habits? Last night Kimberly watched My Strange Addiction and saw the girl eating cat food. WEIRD!!!
Okay, im done ranting
When you hear our cow bell.. it's time for vittles.
I need more follows man :(
Get some food!!!! Thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait to see what adventure DC Metro has in store tomorrow!
Dat doesn't makes u d king of england RT : So much adrenaline wen utd n city meet.... The best English Derby...
Story of my life. I make mostly cash and I just started depositing it instead of stockpiling. I feel rich!
looks like they're partying like its 1899...
Ditto for Dozier's.
I think morgan went to sleep on me
haha i knew you would!!
has picked up the rights to the hit #ABC sitcom, #TheMiddle! The show will start airing Fall 2013..
Super response for BTS tour this wk so we will do it again. Next 1 on 5/3 at 12:30. Hope u can make it over during lunch?
“: I Need A Dip.”Yea you do, fingers just shacking in right now, firing tweets off at record speed.
Hm.... I'm not btl RT : Pure ice. RT : I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
This coming week I wrap up my first placement. How about you?
hey better not let christa see this 😏
He cares for you. You're just too stupid to reaize it!
Orquesta La Moderna Tradición at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, December 12
Someone please text me I'm so
Cosmo iPad app is really cool
please dont ask, please dont ask, please dont ask, !!! RT Tanning Mom -- I'd TOTALLY Do Playboy ... If They Asked [Video]
Can you believe I was turned down by a dr as a new patient because I took Xanax to sleep at night? Anyone else seen this?
I was just asking bc I'm always reticent to use words I only just learned by having to look em up. Can be a double-edged sword.
Plume is a nice Android Twitter client.
Oh imma asshole but sweet as pie to ppl I like lol ": is a jerk and i hope is not like her bec
Just received 3 new camp registrations in the mail today! Who else is coming to camp?
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
hey I'm at drupal day!
Love Buzz Williams energy. Guy is coaching his rear end off trying to get his boys back in this game.
your welcome! i am glad that you like it.
Marlins Fall in Debut at New Park, 4-1
What you favorite wok food?
Better your career potential tonight - in Denver with Judy Hale. www.ispi-frc.org
I've made so many mistakes, I'm just trying to fix them. I'm trying to make things right.
I won 2 seats to the $500 BDPO main and they gave me a $50 Contender main seat instead of the 2nd one. I am with you on this
Anytime, we like making our customers happy and keeping a smile on there faces...
Just bought my tickets for Bark in the Park on Sunday! Who else is going?
Great time with tonite. Great to see
If these bees don't stop eyeballing me, I'm gonna hit em with my golf club!
just restarted today, but I'll read fast to catch up!
PLEASE follow me! <3
There will be #mead?! The nectar of the gods shall be readily available. I could die happy, but then I can't have mead
Glad this rainy day Monday is almost over here in Charlotte.
YouTube Cover Song Face-Off: Rihanna’s “We Found Love”
Even when your Life is too Dark to see anything...Jesus is still there.
Welcome! RT Very pleased with our decision to move our DNS hosting to 9 domains moved over so far, only 202 to go!
Thanks a lot!
#NoAss is a good thing if: 1. You're in prison. 2. You're a fat chick's thong. 3. You're a fat guy's underwear. 4. You're a toilet.
Lakers or clippers??? I'm gonna go with the clippers tonight
:) Because I love you.
This coffee is
wow I made the biggest mistake ever. U dont realize what u have until u throw it away. I really needed him! Hes the reason I smiled :/
Watching my princess maddie tonight, expect pictaaas (;
My #ChiaSeedDiet starts tonight. Truth or myth? We will see in this
Strawberry/blueberry/carrot juice while watching snowfall, so peaceful. I love the way the snow kind of muffles out everything else.
thanks Chuck. Just checked out and commented on your scout story. Will follow too. Kim
Wow what a beautiful day :)
rain, rain go away. that's what all my ______ say.
you have a bio online?
Great to meet - clinical service meets social media ---> youth development.
just chillin in the library, gettin lifted
the empire state building is lit up green. Happy 420
lisa and I just got finished interviewing X for the punk show this sunday! fucking nerve-wracking and awesome!
Did my entire language project in 10 minutes
Is actively learning proposal, grant, and narrative writing and is psyched to begin a temp assignment tomorrow
If... I actually get up that early haa
naw I feel U that's what I'm say'n back in the day the radio on days like this was on hit now there weak..
Call us about your next event
It is through art and through art only that we can realize our perfection. ⁰- Oscar Wilde
Great, my mouse just died, of no sleep..
LMFAO !! Im allergic to him too ! xD
Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise" :)
i swear to god i only attract assholes. lol fuck you
"I'm just like 'Skins;' I work better in the U.K."- "Flipping Out"
Haha. I'm just excited to meet more young pros & enjoy our great city. :) RT : You're a machine!
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie guarded. Alexander Pope
OMG ISN'T IT SO AMAZING?!
Excited to take my visiting parents to all my favorite eateries:
Woo woo! Lets go SLC! RT : It's almost time... GO DRAGONS!!
Good point. I'm thinking Timeline killed Facebook. :(
I could really go for a loaded baked potato !
TLC now considering sending each Gosselin child out on their own balloon to get back the nation's attention span. Jon disagrees.
okay! got it! so any color but pink!?
Yea, I totally just got retweeted by Ric Flair.... Just sayin.
I'm gonna blame this terrible game on LeBron
Nice job by #Greinke today...looking forward to bouncing back next week.
is coming to chicity!!
shout out to my unfollowers.
Nice 2 have #madmen 2 fill the gap left by #thewalkingdead. When Game of Thrones starts back up, I will be in hog heaven. Yes, hog heaven.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
ya i do im not sure what all pics i have on there. check it out. schludaddy is my name on there
It’s art if can’t be explained. It’s fashion if no one asks for an explanation. It’s design if it doesn’t need explanation. Wouter Stokkel
You manufacture your future in the factory of your mind.
Happy August!!
damn good luck
This Shark's announcer might cry on national tv. #youmissedeverything are awesome.
#FREETEBOW FOR WINNING A PLAYOFF GAME IN HIS 1ST FULL YEAR AS A STARTER, CHUMPS DONT DO THAT
Sucks that I'm addicted to laying in the pool and it's only been one day; can't wait to get up early tomorrow !!
did you win?
Never let a white person say nigga
yes I would too give it to jeter myself but since he makes millions $$ he better give me a nice check in return
I'm not saying she's a slut I'm just surprised Facebook hasn't made her vagina a place to 'check-in'
Congrats! See you in Boulder.
2-4-1 Tuesdays ARE BACK by popular demand. Buy 1 full price body airbrush spray on a Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
Stay fly skydive no parachute
ReTweet if you "LIKE" Cheese Steak Tuesdays at Memphis Minnie's !
*pay per view
Give us a call if you want one. 888-742-2542.
Installed Ubuntu 11.04 and wow Unity sure does suck on first impression. I am going to give it a month.
Right now I just have to knuckle down and hang in there. Come April 8th I can sleep.
Sure you will, price of flights and luggage. You're not going anywhere! LOL LOL LOL
#BasketballProblems when your coach tell u that u need to try hard.
"is that an egg?" "yeah, are you allergic?" "no I'm just appalled"
Who has the best team name for the #DelMarMudRun?
“ I have one of you and your ex together looking al al cute! Can't wait to up load it either ;)
How much $$ would congressional offices save if they ditched windows and microsoft and moved to linux and Libreoffice?
aww. I miss you guy.
: if you wanted a shout out, all you had to do was ask me Grex :P
I still feel like absolute nothing.
Thanks fabulous!! Congrats 2 u :)
yeah a tiny bit sucky
There will be an application at the beginning of next semester. If you want any tips, feel free to let me know!
New "Research" pop-out is actually really, really useful. Google Docs tightens its grip on my work life.
Good for you!
I have never done that you cockass you do that and then crack up at yourself
yea I don't know for sure that's ur real pic babe lol I hope so very nice gorgeous
Another tip - celebrate your milestones on #facebook. Fans love it!
When I'm apart of Peyton's street team but all the news is in the PSA. #leftout I miss Peyton's Facebook. :/
I wish to see you in concert when are you coming to indianapolis ?
It is a REAL challenge, no doubt! So many ideas, one just has to prioritize and then focus like Hell!!!!
#FutureTweet RT : Eagles cut rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris (Miami, FL).
. 'amazeballs' -- Today I will be committing this Shan-ism 2the popular lexicon.
Ap bio tomorrow woo
Anyone out there know MS Access? Shoot me a note if you do!
#LMSunSIG training: faculty training f2f sparsely attended. Also offer online tutorials
Happy New Year!
Happy Birthday Abs
going to Italy this summer :D
I'd love to catch something tomorrow night. Suggestions? I'll be in DC the rest of the weekend, so unfortunately I'll miss a lot.
I just pretended to be asleep on the train so no one would sit next to me.. : / I feel naughty
ok so like I love you and I always read your favorites hoping I'm in them but I'm not.. So fail!! Ugh but I love you!!
Quantified Self..apps that measure you. Would you want this much info about your habits from sleep, health, eating, etc.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is more important than the outcome. -Arthur Ashe
your mother is such a sweetheart. <3
your dress at pandora's party was absolutely gorgeous! and it proved to be very versatile haha looved it! =) xoxo
Awesome silent auction (V-Day gifts!) sponsored by LoHi businesses to benefit TCC! Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit 6-8pm
LOL! RT : They would both lose. RT who would win in a fight Mose or Tom Haverford
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
do TRX. In 40 minutes you can burn over 600 calories
Thanks for the follow!
you got it;)
any idea if/when you'll be getting an affiliate program?
Henderson says special education students from outside of DC or in private schools are coming back to b/c of improvements
... I guess you were born on a powerful date?
STOP SPAMMING FRASER & JESSE. please.
awes yeah wuv you
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight.
Enforcing a strict 10000% positivity rule for myself. I call it: The Neg Cleanse.
whos that? o.O
Yayayayayayayay made my LIFE and followed me <3 thank you
I love college hoops in March...MAC Tourney, no room for error...Let's Go Bobcats!
Good news for commuters. Via: Crews are moving signs and staging to get the center lanes of the TNBs open!
Feeling rested today!
pedal tavern then dicks private opening. Happy cinco
But seriously guys, it's 's BIRTHDAY today, so make sure you wish him a good one!
don't you justt hate when ur school doesnt turn on the air conditioning when it 87 degrees outside?
i love your cover from One less lonely girl. So beautiful! i like ya ♥♥ please folow me? :$ ♥♥
I will eat your heart whole
New cars online , check it out
Bout to eat cookies for breakfast 😊
a burn
I'm just saying damn shit happens ..branches go down ..circuits pass errors ..5pm is not alway precise
Hey guys please please pray for the Lundy family.... They found their daughter dead this morning.
I would be all over that except I cant get past your physical/mental disability: being Canadian. Sorry sweetie ;)
Niall...you miss your family!
thats what people were saying about stars that made it now lol ask mike jones lol
She got sum jiggle back there! I like it!
at home that i have to do
Elias Boudinot (signer of the Declaration of Independence) founded the American Bible Society.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 14
Golf Jokes '#Black Balls'! A Scot & an #American were talking about playing #Golf during cold weather...Punch line @ www.ICUGofStories.com
I agree 100%
ok I'm with ya now!
Its so tight when everyone stops texting me at once.
the way that you flip your hair get me overwhlemed
just came back from practice
I like single purpose websites
My fellow Americans PLEASE stop saying "myself" when you should be saying "me."
Hey , iHavent Talked To Yoou Ina While . What's Up (:
Yay! Glad you're liking it!
That was FREAKING AWESOME you are amazing!! So talented!!! #HunterIsWanted at F4 row 23 seat 4!
Now finally near 1k tweets
: can't run for at least 6 weeks. Stress fracture in my right heel :(
Congrats on 1.7 million love, you deserve every single one. :*
I hate gold digging a** women! #Why ???
aha i knoe right. It happenend to me before i even had to get a new number!
Light Rail between Camden and North Ave need more spotters to direct people to bus bridges.
That was probably the funniest five minute car ride ever.
We are a proud Silver Sponsors at SugarCon 2012! Visit booth #117 tomorrow and talk to us about CRM customization
Im sexy and I know it.
u know he's doing work for CSN in Boston right now! #WhiteMamba is
did i mention that the dance battle dude is almost 40??? help help help me please (pops v)
Let your conscience be your guide. Its going to be a big year for Konshens. long live
Never regret your past, because the mistakes of yesterday were only lessons for a much wiser today.
Just Uploaded "I Go Hard" Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download "Pour Up" Push It To #1 On The Charts!
True. I was twisting it a bit as a baseball reference. Yes, I'm one of those geeks that takes a glove to baseball games. Lol
Great news! Let us know if we can assist. RT to & in the fall!
Oh, this place has panini now
Beach reads. Do you have a favorite, and why?
I am pretty sure we are bringing home a new Great Dane pup in a week. Super excited to add to the family:)
RT : A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer. - Henry David Thoreau
16 days until band finals, 44 days until the #JamesBlunt concert, and 79 days until I turn 29.
hey! basically if you want to back the project you click the backer reward on the side that you want and it processes it
Potstickers for breakfast...i think so yes
Sorry to hear that! I actually stopped by to check out your portfolio today and noticed it had changed.
I'm a mature adult Shea!!
Life is so good.
I had a long day at the set in CBS. I got out on time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo but that will be later. Now off to sleep! Z
I can't wait to come see you today! Your my inspiration! #DreamComeTrue <3 follow me?
THANK YOU FOR #SaySomethin (:
Leplets of course
The Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it.
"Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to ya, do it to ya" Been listening to that non-stop for 7 days!!!!
80 degrees monday. Snow tomorrow. 4-8 inches by wednesday.
Some people really dont know when to shut up
they finally found you.
well take off all yo clothes
Project lost ideals and "instead became a means to shore up the existing system of scholarly publishing, with all its flaws intact." (-)
Have u ever tried to sleep then some stupid nigga wakes u up
ran out to the old pond to adjust its size in my mind but was distracted by the violins hanging in the trees
Turned out to be 5.5 miles, but I'm not complaining :D
This country would be boring w/o immigrants. Only the law has changed. It's not written in stone, either! Ever seen Miss Liberty?
I will be your friend, I will love you so DEEPLY
Was this meeting planned in advance? Election day? Coincidence?
Later bro. Thx for the unfollow. When you have 10X more followers than tweets it's always suspect
what were we doing?? I don't remember squirrels.
idk how i would compare them, its good though, i am sure you will like it though! :))
POWER CLAP
Nigga has no chill ---> RT : Immma re head fan bit,h fuck wit me!!!
Right now my kitchen is cleaner than it's been for a couple of years.
he provided very little details to Joe. A friend of MM's father was also w/ him when Mike told his father what happened. Cont...
Clean it and I'll go with you. Ccd Geoff and Bruce heard any thing from either???
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
See - she should have lots of good (?) examples.
#International1DChristmasQuiz ... I am not familiar with this strange contraption. Do tell me more about it. x
"Needs to change from an obligation framework to an opportunity framework" #tanf panel
hahahaha, why do we have to keep reminding you!
At the final #did11 keynote: the Google n-grams origin story from the culturomics team.
So true! RT : Graffitied on I75 bridge: "Miami: Sunny place, shady people" #fact cc:
Wtf axe man! A double
parents conversed in emails without a massive fight. it seemed civil, even. (i was cc'd.) APOCALYPSE, Y'ALL, DANCE TIL THE WORLD ENDS.
Yummy, elegant brunch at La Mie Emelie in #Carmel, a stop to look in the fascinating, charming windows at the Museum of Miniature Houses...
Just got back from our first day in the studio and everything's sounding sweet. So excited for everyone to hear!
Good for you, keep it up!
Sorry but not sure how you can expect me to work this week.
I understand that- I get what you're saying but I've worked in healthcare &far 2many times the bottom line is $ not the patients
Can't wait til Sean Woods is named coach!!!
me too
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over. -Millay, Edna St. Vincent
You're always welcome. You can sing with us anytime!
gangstas paradise, I'm afraid
I try
Watched that Fox Sports USC video where go around campus interviewing Asian students to basically make fun of their accents.
West side is where you should live. You won't fit in on the east side.
Fact: Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil.
haha... let him be.
well,come with us!
BA BA BA BIRD BIRD THE BIRD IS THE WORD DONT U NO ABOUT THE BIRD WELL EVERYBODY NOS THAT THE BIRD IS THE WORD :P
Can anyone help me download google play on tablet? its downloaded but wont work.
I Dropped That "No More Locked Doors" But Damn, Now They Wanna Lock Me Up Tho...
Come meet tomorrow at the gift shop in He's giving fans tix via a special #PatsPacerPlayoffParty promotion!
miss you
Nudge of the Day: "If you don't like change, you are going to like irrelevance less." Gen. Eric Shinseki
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity. - Vicki Norris
was great to see you play live with JLs in person at album chart show recording a while back
Best Short Action Film goes to "The Shpre"
Midnight Possume Murder. Excellent band name. Not so excellent occurrence that I heard while trying to fall back asleep last night.
The REAL Deal!
We got some good new projects that we'll be putting out soon.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
So what's everyone giving the lifespan of CD's (or other music disc media)? Think they'll still be for sale in 2020?
. nice to cu today. Believe it or not really cheered me up. Will take u up on beer offer soon.
Back from tour working on new songs. Right back to it!
I was reviewing the real facts behind the recent Federal jobs report -- it was raw and ugly.
I think we have religion just to have an excuse to fight when ifyou actually look at it each religon isthe same storyline just tweaked a bit
Babby:"There seems to be to me some skepticism about our ability to attract free agents, which I was an agent, I don’t get it."
#akwardmoment when you say she is fat and they think your talking to them... Exept the thing is it was a picture of Juliet from the play😳
I wouldn't know just how sweet this tastes, no, if at first I didn't go through bitter times, through bitter places.
Enjoying the weekend...
what movie / what time ?
You are always able to see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
I luv his songs! so good! 5 star ratinng from me!
Thanks David. That was a lot of fun. I love playing with people who listen. Nothing finer. That way it's always new.
#2followersthatshoulddate & one day they're loving each other next they're fighting like a married couple.
kenzie.. did he mean to change this account or the official one to the ROtenents? lol. we have more followers on the other one so
Thank you for the RT! Look forward to hearing from you soon! You can check our website out to for info.
it'll be on mixtape for free download soon! Shhhhh!!!
Drooling over the bakeries I see from the bus on my way in to the show.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Here's what going on el aeropuerto.. sfo flights delayed, car traffic is light, lot C almost full, free coffee coupons
2 years in a row with not a single Illinois school in the tournament?! HOLY TERRY CUMMINGS!
Uhh...WHOA. That makes me want to apologize for being a sociologist. >_<
You can't have a fake girlfriend,when you have a real girlfriend.... Make sense?
#9 im trying to get curves before the summer . shhhh 😔
ME TOO!
o goodness usin twitter has been difficult post-surgery but glad 2 hear u r safe & officially a right-coaster ;) hows it goin?
It feels like a Friday, for serious. Not running on a class schedule anymore with school out! Working & study time for next 7 days :)
My camera is charging. IT WILL NOT DIE
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Morbidly obese people and SEPTA don't mix.
Those are amazing! How old are they?
4 years ago I was a sophomore in high school living at home..
This is my last drunk tweet of the night: I fucking hate hipsters so much
“: ok cool.lucky wifey you have:-)” why thank you.
good morning! thank you! glad to be part of your morning :)
Another terrible call...the is a joke.
Good much today your gonna do great! And remember! Your a beast!! ;)
I don't have all the answers. I just know this isn't it.
Scratch that, I see that was intentional. Rough morning for me.
Practice at 4pm ;)
The problem of free will seems closely related to the problem of emergence.
I miss your old beat up Toyota, the way you used to hold me, us sneaking out, and the way we kissed. Most of all I miss you.
There is a gin distillery in #Brooklyn and I'm getting a tour Thursday. Can't wait to tell you more
Little steamy here in Phoenix.
haha hey guess what :P lol ?
Loving 's #LazerLight Video! Her spiked jacket is #Sickening I NEED IT! xoxo and she looks amazing! <3
“: shout me out. I need two more followers to 200^_^” done lol
The #DriveInMob has me watching
Ok, why is #ShiaLaBeouf all of a sudden this huge comical phenomenon on tumblr all of a sudden? I mean it's slightly humorous, but why?!
RT : You never know what could have been, without trying.
I literally just saw this...weird. Kafe 99 is a super tiny cafe (99 square feet) around the corner from my studio. Treat/18th.
Yeah - Hemingway is definitely worth the second chance!
RT : Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
The more and more I think about it, the less I like Denver. OKC... I see you!
Hell yea! I think I'm going to start RT : That'd be amazing! RT What if we all talked as of Shakespeare?!
Im a picture taking freak when I get bored..
One outta two aint bad!
Listening to "Onukpa Shwarpo" from the Bokoor Beats comp, and it sounds like they are singing, "MoonPie shuffle." Now I want a MoonPie.
Go Bret favre! I'm impressed
Went to the Pt Defiance Zoo today. Saw lots of exotic & unique animals, including and way south of their normal habitat
HELP Committee passes FDA user fee bill by voice vote, Sanders the only "no"
fake niggas stay fuckin up the plans, hiphop need me like uncle sam
*Grabs popcorn* Ready! RT : #RememberWhen SOON with our very own Stay Tuned!
good call. Death Cab = a great addition to any mixtape!
Can some of the big influential #atheist people please speak up about how offensive using shit like "crea-tard" is??
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You=]
Wondering how to get a book featured in Starbucks, a la Beah, Albom and Hosseini. Any idea out there?
You're ridic.
Some days are harder than others, any tips on how to get through them?
YEA MARY PRANTIL PRETENDS 2 B G/F OF MARRIED PRODUCER HANI SALAMA LMAO THE BITCH IS LOST
Hey! What are you doing tomorrow at 2PM? Come to St. Pious to watch UNM and the NM Brujos rugby match!
my favorite jewelry is a charm bracelet
I mean creating an honest representation of who you are and what you do.
Goddamn I Fuckin love hearing Journey on the radio.
maybe you like it in forever 21 or something at millcreek
I love how I fall asleep to him, and wake up to him. It makes my night&day(:
Been searching for 1on1 #personaltrainers that work out of #bayview strength/aerobic/flexibility. Anyone have suggestions? Lots of options!
yea I'm sad but you helping me come out of it appreciate you :) I feel better already
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 17
OH: "As long as its food, and it's not coconut, I like it." awesome!
If you do today, like you did yesterday, you never get the fullness out of today. It’s a new Day, think on things that r new.
Still plenty of time to get all 16 CE online at www.TuckerSchool.com! Brokers should be able to go online to renew May 1 at www.in.gov/pla
Don't forget to consider PBS, TED Talks, iTunesU, and MERLOT as learning objects in your courses, says Alicia Tucker
Bag It is on WHUT right now. Just started if you haven't seen it.
Good night! love you all <3
we normally have routine. Same deal:homework when he gets home. But the last 2 days have been difficult
Thanks so much for the wonderful mention!
So cold! Normal rutine! Cross country at 7:30... And basketball at 7:55 (: can't wait untill health class! I love that teacher..(:
Happy birthday Cor-whore! :D
The Detroit Lions are getting a lot of love on Sunday NFL Countdown this morning.
Homewatch CareGivers Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
It's really funny how right when I get home from school, my mom planned my whole entire weekend for me... haha wth?
As a family-owned business, we always look for opportunities to give back to the community. Email us for fundraising options.
Have any questions for Mr. , entrepreneur, biographer, and philanthropist? Tweet them in!
Sounds like someone got his money's worth—if not more.
2012 is definatly the year of the ratchets go back in a hole please its hard to find class these days
come back pleasee my sister wants to meet u again...
St. Patty's Day Google search: "corned beef and cabbage dinner" + your zip code. Works well in Chicago.
Oh, that's nice to know that there might be some humor as well.
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions THIS SATURDAY!
For real, the IN M0tion team is taking over this summer. If there's a venue you know is the absolute place to be, let me know.
A new initiative from PushPush and the NEA giving individual artists opportunities usually only available to arts organizations! 8/15. 7pm
no worries.
A great Rose is 2009 Unti
Life is Really Simple, but men Insist on Making it Complicated ~Confucius
Hope for West Liberty Kentucky. This is my home town and as most of you know it was destroyed by a tornado and killed & injured many people
Commissioners don't feel valued by the city council... saying they don't want "traffic" in the name; want to take on other issues too.
I love when you guys favorite my tweets ! Makes my day !
Wearing tank tops to work >>>>
Didn't see the game, but the #Bulls held the Magic to 59 points.
Get me one while you're out, would you? ;)
About to post highlights from my last 2 weeks of blogging.....
Hi ! Love the baby penguin graphic
Ur such a good DADDY ;) bestesssss DADDY ever!
Made it through first softball game of the season. Wasn't pretty but lots of fun!
Laying down on the kitchen counter like a rebel. I will not stand for another home made meal. I want fast food!
My vision was just time slots at two booths w/laptops. Others?
Watching #Alien on #IFC - Cant wait for
Broncos not done. Need another WR, a TE, a better backup to McGahee. Defense needs more too. No more Dawkins & Bunkley a FA
Ugh, I want those freaking Jeffrey Campbell Nokea's!!!!!!!!!!!!
Officially have lost 50lbs! The last few have been hard. Lesson- what it takes to get there is not what it takes to get to the next level.
be their a lil later. Where bout you goin.?
some ppl treat Franny like a reputable person too RT : Francesa: "People are treating Twitter like it's a legitimate news source".
&quot;Hunger Games&quot; battles &quot;Bridesmaids&quot; at MTV Movie Awards
It's part of NBA's "Green Week"...do it every year. Like Xmas in April. Got your shopping done?
omg I agree 100%
frozen. :p
Shamrock shuffle was a good time. Now just hanging out with everyone in the city. Can't wait to move back.
"Charlie Kelly: King of Rats"
Hey! We missed the PLN portion this am. Had to hold forth for the whole 45 mins.
Sad thinking I will never again work on Desperate Housewives. Great bunch of freinds. Fun set. (although the coyotes screamed a lot.)
Mixing with a drink in hand!
fiscal pension reform must not cause taxpayers more money than what it claims to save.
I'm about to drop my new hit single, "Nothing but a butt on the operating table".
Thanks for the mention, sir!
#RIPLewisMighty god has bigger plans for you x
bedroom walls QA: What is the best way to clean a piece of gold jewelry and cover or remove some noticable scrathes? ;)
If it ever snows in Florida, it will truly be a cold day in hell.
Put God in the middle of everything that you do!
Todays special ! Make any hot dog a combo for 1.00 more...
Conceptualizing a study that looks at markets for African American hair.
Some days I feel like a whale with all those "attachments" Wait, it must have been too many glasses of wine! But I digress. Night everyone!
Welcome aboard Manning!!!!! It's great to be a Colorado sports fan!
Does anyone have any thoughts on ITT? More interested in what employers think than current students, but give me your thoughts on the school
sunday, grinders, share some stories
I wanna tell you something but you will just yell at me
your dad lol
Need to find a coffeehouse where I can stare off into space with the rest of the dreamers.
Hi Darrah! Pretty profile picture :)
Today is region 8 history day with judging at the Museum Center. Stop by to check out the exhibits and encourage these young historians.
#chocolate in batches soon... #easter !
He lovin tha crew "* see what i did their "* .*
We are! BUSY BUSY BUSY :)
damn huge day then
Belated #FF to , , , , Welcome to the weekend!
RT : Wondering how many #jobseekers have inflated senses of value... #RealityCheck #hfchat #jobhuntchat HARSH, but true
Are you sleep-tweeting?
if you don't do Bizarre Ride to the Pharcyde Ill make fun of your moms and say she has a glass eye with a fish in it.
My Outlook Calendar is full for the week. Now taking bets on how much of it is going to be rescheduled around one client.
i heard someone call #Facebook Fakebook and they were in the "younger" generation so does that mean.. it has truly jumped the shark?
Democrats can win without the backing of big #labor, but they can't win without American workers
Natalie I love your spread!!! Filmmaker Darren A. Saunders
Well it's time for the main event #Lakers vs
wanted to watch oscar nominees and knit all day but work had other plans.
I think 61 should pay me $20 for a 1-2 hr DJ at there house at Woodfest on Saturday. 😁 I throw down. Lol
RT : any jazz musicians in Columbus Ohio? I gots a gig for ya there
I gotcha!! lol
Joffrey Barathean is Mike Matheny. The "Hound" is Berkman. Can't figure out who would be Tyrion?
Imagine playing 7 minutes in heaven with the boyz... and being the only girl
Just invented new challenge of spinning my earbuds at different speeds in each hand. Totes harder than it sounds.
I know, right??
...my Seattle Mariners just got perfect gamed #fuckme (a perfect game is pitching a whole game with out giving up a walk error or hit)
Coolness is strictly defined by how accepted you are by mainstream/corporate entities...DUH!
i'm sure it will be another winner!
New iPad is beautiful!
hi Jordina, let's talk! Email Carol at and we can set up a time to talk and move forward. Thank you!
cast party tonight. This is going to get crazy
#the descendants for best picture at #oscars? It really wasn't such a good film. It had good ingredients, but wasn't too moving.
I wanna swim with dolphins!
i am still in love with barry trunk i will wait for him forever, i will love him always the same, barry and i are soulmates
The amount of love is getting on my TL >>>>>>
I did laundry last night, does that count?
James Atlas in : "They're going to accomplish...effective marketing and distribution" #oreally? To which bookstores?
You a sad Fan. L.A. BAKERS... Crying all over the court
Awesome. I wish I was as together as you at that age. : Coming out and learning to be myself no matter what anyone thought.
Sunday sounds good !
What are you thinking?
See all of you lovely people tonight at . Come out and say Hello to us
Need to release some #stress!!
Come by our booth at Wordstock this weekend. Books, magnets, earrings, and details on our newest project, Smoke!
"i was wonder maybe i could make you my baby if we did something crazy"(;
So you're gonna wave off a 16 vs dealer's 9 and then get mad at her when you lose. Yeah, it's HER fault that you suck!
Migraine ugh
Haha oh you ugly! ;)
#FF – learn how the Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Center trains the next generation of #biz leaders in #ethics &
so long bitch you did me so wrong, i dont wanna go on living in this world, without you.
Someone already won. Sorry
": Sometime u jus have to wait n be patient n ur blessin will come."<<< hope so cuz
Had a dream I met and we were talking about my pageant! Lord if it be your will!!! Make it an epic day tweeties :-)
