Catholic Hoops league would keep ND football independent. Otherwise, ACC offers best academic mix + lacrosse!
Hey lady beside me, I told you someone was sitting there. So MOVE. No? Jerk.
hahaha where you at im with des we on our way I your place
Too much? I find most women (my wife included) do not give themselves enough credit & rely on make-up excessively
hahaha that's good!!
you're too cute.
It's sort of like "backwards emphasis" - the error brings attention to the subject. I hope you were being serious :x
I should have known someone already had that covered.
you like where you are ranked?
really glad to be here in Austin for #SXSW ...enjoy the #copyblogger party and networking
#CTIAEnA wonder why people are quiet. They are all connectors.
that's illegal.
LET'S GO
YOUNG LOVE MURDERED,THAT IS WHAT THIS MUST BE.
good morning alli ;) i miss ur videos, youre really positive ;))
Always a pleasure to see your pretty face!
Cowboys may be 8-6. Yet these Texans lose to a 1 win team. I guess makin playoffs first time in 11 years is progress.
Going to look at new cars.
absolutely love this write-up! & you must meet such a sweetie;)
Today turned out pretty ok :) had fun at the mall with my besties!! Missed you guys! Needs to happen again :)
Yes. Still a lot of filming left to do. Footage looks good so far. :)
Quality time at home with family - priceless.
It sounds like my neighbors are blowing shit up. Wiki is freaking out. I don't blame her.
I actually made my ex boyfriend take me to best buy and buy it for me. >:)
I saw your mom today... I'm sure you can guess how that went. -_-
Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how it's meant to be.
at least enjoys insomnia whenever its productive
TOTALLY AGREE!!!
Nice move coach!
Almost ready to perform the 1st act of the play all the way through. It's a 25 pg monologue, you understand. Christ.
hahaha. see I'm masochistic enough to like that post-yoga pain.
I don't care if it's uncool, if you have an amazing Mom, you love her. Mine helps kids at the Boys & Girls Club & is an incredible artist.
great to see you today! I hope the taco did not disappoint & you are doing well.
Sad to be leaving SXSW. So much to think about. Met smart people and witnessed magic.
I can feel something really good about to happen.
Will Pearson lead the content revolution? Content not as an artifact, but as a service, both personalized and social?
Gonna go hunt for food. Be back in like some ood minutes.
Nail, eyes, an toes on my agenda today its a must gotta keep it cute !!!!!
National Peanut Brittle Day! “No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.”---Channing Pollock
hey there. :) I'm god and you :o
ooh! I'll be at Preakness on Sat also.. and am strongly considering #WineInTheWoods for sunday :)
Ahh.. Well, you're talking to someone who was terrified by a chipmunk at #Yaddo . #TotalCityGirl Can't wait for #Djerassi tho!
Been hard at work all day on a Sunday. Went to Peoria skate park for Davids skate sesh gave him new bearings discuss new graphics .
Thanks for the shout out and for your support!
I'm talking about your dog...
good point MT : Genre writers shd give marketing bootcamps to lit fic writers. They understand importance of interacting with fans
Viva #Mexico y La Batalla De Puebla. #Taco De Mayo! Come get your Mexican fix with us!
Watching the lion king. my fav childhood movie of all time. :)
i need eveyone to follow join the movement
Touchdown Green Bay!!!
will you dm us your email address so we can arrange getting your prize to you?
Romeo Santos ft Usher "Promise" someone sing this song to me <33
Ok that's it. I have to get this 50 Shades of Grey ish. My curiousity is piqued!
Back to getting zero Facebook notifications a day.
MAN FUCK INDIANA
Liberal learning inextricably tied to technology
Working at in 58 minutes... Hopefully a cup of Tanzania Peaberry will help me combat the wind...
That awkward moment when your old teacher tags herself at a bar.
I had lots of bestfriends and now I have just 1 because my bestfriend cole left and I will never see him again and I had a big crush on him
That's a good way to do it. I might go that route.
i got an extra one if you really want one :D
Don't confuse being "elite" with becoming "extinct"
lol no one follows me
Tribune deserves a fair and comparable contract!
This is a season of pruning and promise.
Welcome back to school. Hope everyone's classes are doing well. Get psyched for Fall Rush '09 next week!
Will do, but I'm thanking you now for "thank me later," LOL at one of my favorite phrases. Cheers!
LOL!! that must be it:)
RT "On the forf of thuhlie". Yeah, that's it.
Can I just go ahead and do a lay-a-way investment on whenever SocialCam goes ipo? Youtube is so fucked.
We do have the technology! Never a question of "if"...only one of "when"....:)
Pretty proud of what we accomplished yesterday w/ !
Bo my bob!! Hahahahah
THX for stopping throu C YA next time u in INDY be safe!
Stop Coming To My House
Beaming Stars Community Center & B Hulk presents LaDo Fitness Program.... Our program is a Youth/Adult Obesity Prevention Program..
ACROSS THE UNIVERSE had a great concept, but I felt it unraveled and not in a good way the second half.
thanks man happy you like it I'm going to try to realy push my self this year
Totally been there. It's bad when it is a member of your committee.
Well... Thats Another year I didn't miraculously get drafted into the NFL.. Bought a new suit and everything smh
Also witnessed a lot of vile happenings in British prisons this past weekend.
I might have felt better about the move if he had taken Pat White with him...
Indeed. Maybe the next one will do it. Microsoft is getting there, slowly, but surely. I'm cheering for them; Apple needs competition.
more will over time. I tweet for the council so personal accts are going thru withdrawal.
hola star grat glasses as usual :)
Wherever I am, there is joy and laughter. -Louise Hay
You and find that dog you were lookin' for? What a night for ya! Glad we had a chance to catch up.
Golf time!
I worked out an acoustic version of #JimiHendrix 's "Burning of the Midnight Lamp" in open G. I can hear harpsichord in the open strings.
Got my printer to work -again. Now I can print all the esl exercises I need from home. Life is so good!
But more barriers> users have to register for 1.library 2.amazon/ebrary/ebsco,etc 3.adobecontentserver, before using
Hate feeling anxiety. Not a good feeling...
Just in-between
Happy Thansgiving to you too!
RT : All of 's tweets are getting me to excited for this summer's olympics
www.actorsintensive.com - One-on-one private & online coaching sessions for actors, writers & directors. Take your work to the next level!
so confused right now. But still love you and all of your random tweets ;)
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 24
appreciate it
ah cool. I've got a Samsung fascinate by Verizon but I had it since last spring.
things keep falling through
What's most depressing about #DoomsdayPreppers is that the fate of human existence will be left to people like those in it.
Happy Valentine's day Twitter! :) I hope everyone is loved today! Kisses 2 Xo Babes
YO we play tomorrow! Showbox... We called hussle club. Wanna come?
Over 600 followers today! Keep it up guys. Can't wait to see everyone in the Fall. We have a great schedule to release.
The schedule is out!! March 24th needs to hurry up and get here
definitely saving it to faves. to trainwrecky not too.
Yup RT : My neck hurts from all body rockin yesterday. Thanks
If I had a dollar for every time I said I like that dress on the bachelor this season I'd be broke as shit
Thanks for the kind words and the great company. Cheers!
How about a reality show called "The Decision" Every week a player announces where he's going or a team announces a trade.
ONE DIRECTION HERSHEY TICKETS NEXT YEAR :'D
Beta bros betta be in the number, especially Grayson, Cook, et al.
I went to a track meet today ok 727 that's my track team
im so confused D:
I'm so excited for you and your trip!
What if ceelo and performed Remebering Sunday i think i would pass out
You be the bird, I'll be the feather. We'll be the best of friends forever
The problems seen in your #life are just #challenges to overcome. Enjoy life!
In further regards to previous post, clearly the 17 yr old in this piece hasn't heard of Burning Man or the myriad other music fests...
RT : There are many heroes around the world who stand ready to help Earth in the coming struggle. Meet the members of......
Alan Schwarz's reporting on MTBI Committee; suicides; Omalu and Congressional action (i.e. analogy to Big Tobacco) was catalyst to lawsuits.
Hitting the restart button here. Get onboard and help us offer greater opportunities to girls and women to play high-level soccer.
Miami beat the knicks and now watchin clippers and the grizzlies
#raw10 People say, 'Birds of a Feather, Flock together'. I keep telling my Girlfriend, I know she's a undercover Freak!
King Yellowman WILL be at the VintageReggaeWinterFest
ABQ Sunport good times watching people do stupid things.
Yeah sometimes you don't mean the things you say, but you ALWAYS seem to fucking say something you don't mean.
Amazing concept car at TED! The future is near w this one! Congrats!
for sure! Will be trying to live tweet when possible
He's like the guy version of me. :o aha
omg, I'm with you. Like, honestly, what on earth was that performance. She really is the worst.
DM us the details or your contact info and we will see if we can help you out!
working, law, investing, organizing
Setting the #Saints over under at 8.5 this year. Any takers? I'll take either side of that bet.
what's the first part of your number. ? I have two for you and need to delete one !
Just don't go on whoever it is it's not funny
I just finished a 2.10 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
What part is false? That the lib bub is fact based? Until the right buys evolution and climate change they are useless
Super excited about the Packers draft. Brought much needed attitude and intensity to the defense! Thoughts on the Bears?
.I feel fuckin lazy but I don't want to be out in the cold & i have to bus it home. On the real it's not on my agenda & won't end up on it.
Good morning world!!! Have an amazing day!!!! Xoxoxo
Sorry. I hope u do well I am #praying for you and your family
Like I don't know that was about me hahah.
love San Francisco. Enjoy your chowder. I'm having a pretzel in NYC today.
Honestly.. i could use a blunt right now -.-
- That's the hopeful plan, Stan... Oy. :)
Oh same here. I can't not watch it. HACK THE PLANET
Thanks for the general yesterday. I Learned a lot and STG is an awsome place with great people!!
Did you get our email about the blog?
"I need a clone" May be possible. Wouldn't want clone of self though ... I'd want one who was strong in my weaker areas.
to someone else for example tylerXD
Thank you for initiating the #FF!! Have a great Friday :)
My pretty angel you came from above
Glad you're home. Sounds like it's getting dicey over there.
So sad that my frostwire isn't working :(
Y'all will do great. Wish I could be there
Take me far, beyond imagination
You played me, but thats not the worst part. The worst part is I believed you....
Morning.!! Wish me luck on my performance today
Oh yeah P.S. lolol happy 050809 Lilly. ;D
I can't wait to try it!!!
Oops, we're sorry. Good morning ! :)
... Alert them to put it on a car. I really don't enjoy McDonalds, however .......
11 Months Old
whats up nick
I don't think I have ever needed coffee, a back massage, or ice more in my life
yeah the more I hear about it the more I'm convinced my bangs gave my lazy eye l o l
i miss my dad.
Get ready - Portland Pinbrawl 2012 is happening Sunday, April 22nd! More details soon...
Dig it....Marine Corps' newest recruiting tool: A Dunkin Donuts on base, first in the area opens today at Camp Pendleton.
Mother's are amazing that way. Thanks for sharing a geat vision.
Headed out east for early Easter!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!! :) it would be a dream come true if said happy birthday to mee!!! :D
Oh yeah... Who could forget. Summer session starts this week, too.
thanks for the follow!!!
90 degrees? Loving this t shirt and sunglasses weather! Plus only 3 more days till Vegas!
Thanks for the RT. We agree!
Water and green tea help detoxify and rehydrate your body and clear your skin. 8 cups of water and 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day!
but that pic is beautiful. I wish I could teleport!
Time for to rage quit in like 10 mins lol
Maybe my boy at FORMA can help wit your campaign. He beat your frenemy Norma Chavez. White boy in brown seat, he can help.
love that you're tweeting Cindy!!
With all that chew, I'm surprised how many teeth major league players still have.
Workn on this marriage thing makes me really think nd I dnt lik bein deep wit myself
The winner is: ! Congrats! Thanks everyone for participating and we love you all!
I wish it was Friday already!!
Lucy is on too!!
LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?xx can't wait to hear them!
Thanks! RT like the SD trade up. we agree on dre to DEN. nice work
Thanks again to for a great golf outing yesterday!
Super interested in what two T. Rex's having sex would be like.
Anyone else admiring the speed of Clemson?
I'm A Gigolo Spendin Lots Of Dougghhhh! RT I can't stand a nigga who acts like a gigolo.
Amazing Grace and Chuck ...on SONYHD
Dexter Pittman is trending, someone take a screenshot of it for him. Might be his biggest accomplishment ever.
i swear if i end up going to whetstone next year i will cry tears of joy
I really hate the fact that all the Celtic fans on my timeline look good though .... Well besides one and I zipped her tweets quick fast!
or need to rap to that instrumentals
Defense looks beast. Tons of blocked shots...
I actually didn't and I regret it.
it's tonight.
I can't believe those prices! $100 for a bicycle in 1895!
#Remix Rihanna- Where Have You Been (Hardwell Remix)
Create a Blessing Today! Be a Blessing Today! :)
One day we want to hang out with just because he seems like a rad dude. :) We also feel compelled to cook for him. Bizarre.
No Kansas fans our hotel yet but I ran into a couple Ohio State fans though. Real question Oklahoma Joes or Arthur Bryants?
The shit I put up with smh
Just because I don't tell you I love you, doesn't mean I don't. Sometimes it means that you mean more to me then those 3 words explain.
I do love how Gmail reminds me when I've said in an email that I attached a file but forgot to attach it.
No Big Ten or Atlantic 10 team has won the Old Spice Classic, until today. Dayton or Minnesota.
the gas tweet, ask Margie about the evacuation of concourse B lol
lucky. I had some earlier today though. (:
this is very educational how rag gossip newspapers get their information and ruin people lives,
I'm not hungry
It's cool. I'm in the front of the line and she's in the back. If she blows will go 1st
I'm ready to see my sisters this weekend.
thank you!
We're hiring. #Project #Manager position is open! Are you an energetic PM with #magazine experience?
Almost there!! Get to start pre production today!!
Double Technical Fouls. Wow
damn, than maybe I'll do that.
Anna! Genius! Thank you!!!
thursday = wine time w/ and others
Cinco De Mayo Idea: Make homemade quesadillas with , and boom - happy kids.
Do work Andrew Larkin! Good luck on your second day at the combine!
no joke! Hahaha you should hear me sing his song, "Dirt Road Anthem" i'm so good at it, i should sing a duet w/ him ;D
RT I leave for exactly 2 weeks from today. I'm so ready. /// bro we still need to get together..
That's your oldest joke!
hand sanitizeritas, Spangsters...you know it's that thing where smart people like Steven Hawking turn into gangster rappers & make it rain.
Rainy days are quite nice every once in a while
How big of an ICONiac are you? (:
i have total snow envy right now!
Not sure yet, but I'm jealous! Where in FL?
if I made her big titty ass squirt in the pool... I shud have cuz dats big titty money lol
Let's Go Miami Heat
'hang on a little bit before you get excited.' -
BUT YOU LIE
Yea I know, trying to find a bright side<3 And it is here too! Like 107 degrees two days ago...
Daddy I want another pony.
"now get out there & find me a hot guy" LOL(:
Can't wait for the new album, you guys are some bad chicken tacos.
thank you for the forward. I love my radio peeps. In fact I'm married to one.
Haha glad you agree!
Santorum could be dropping out? ://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2012/04/10/report-santorum-to-drop-out.html via
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me without cause
nah, there's none down this way...many friends back home go there all the time...they love it...
#Gates may be "old and fat" according to some source, but he is still THE MAN.
It sucks in Madison! Windy, cold, and snowing :(
#oomf finna feel that fire under they ass
Nice effort by to make that catch.
"your cuteness is natural" aww best thing said to me all day :)
Haha that's hilarious!!
that's a good one!
Happy Friday! Who's using their Wrecking Balm today?
jobs bill is lies, it takes 2 to 7 yrs to get road & bridge jobs ready
Roger Waters announces live performance of THE WALL at Yankee Stadium on July 6, 2012
hey i was wondering if you could give me a birthday shout out, my bday is tomorrow, and also thanks for following me. :)
#Headshots - Should look like you on your best day, not overly done-up or unlike how you normally look. Use the app to find a photographer!
what channel :))
Thanks! I think it will be a good time :) Did you see my tweet about reservations?
Paddlock your style
Bah! Rear trailing arm bushings shot on the car now. Ehh, know what im doing this weekend.
U the wifey type beautiful
5 Coolest Things. SR71 Takeoff. Forward swept wing aircraft. DC8 aircraft for flying science @ 500ft. 600 rocket launches.
#InTheSummer I use to go to bed 4 am & wake up 1 pm.
We're getting slammed with a winter storm. Stay off the roads if you can but be extremely cautious if you do drive...it's wild out there.
Soo excited cant wait to see what you guys throw down!
never thought that i could be replaced as a best friend . people change over the years :(
Lol “ I need to find out who I gotta screw to get a degree”
I KNOW I AM WATCHING IT LOVE IT DO U ???!$
burned 248 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
On police scanner 47th and Schafer mentioned much
and no we will not be open for the #mariners games
Thanks for the follow Mark. seems like a great company. Video and Microtargeting interest me the most...
yeah me and ashley got in a pic together & she said she liked my shirt :)
Show Tonight at THE GRAPE ROOM in Manayunk. 105 Grape Street, Doors at 7, $7.
Did you see Steve Stucker's award this morning? Yeah, we're proud of him, too!
#DemiOnPunkdTonight yes i am so excited to see this episode
Visit my colleagues , , at the #SLA2011 event in #Philly! They’ll be at booth 1131!
Yes RT : In a virtual world we can evoke assessment that can't happen with paper/pencil. Builds rich audit trail. Dede
Thanks buddy! I'm free at last!
It's surprising how many accredited doctors snuff off the science. It should be the only thing that matters
yeah bruva. check the news.
Like the VacantHouseBand on Facebook! Let 'em know you liked it!
Go Kansas!!
To the people who coming back around because you know I'm almost done with school, #youainshit. Shout out to the ones who stuck around!
didn't I just see u there ?? :)
create a focus group, team up, ask for 30 minutes of a doctor, present case to prescribe the community
follow back?(:
Everything finally setup with Ready to start swiping
These refs are terrible. Every replay shows Davis getting hammered with No calls
Washington Dc in the building
Save Cuillier giving Data Ethics Checklist for data-based reporting in opening session of Soc of Pro Journalists Denver conf.
yea yea
Show tonight in columbia, SC. Last show in the Carolinas for a while. Back to FLorida in the am. :)
So ready for football season!!! BBN4L
I still don't know why people hate on How about you try selling out a show in 22 minutes. Its not easy!!
Like really? Noone ruins my Sundays
will you really
I own 2 season tickets to UK football yet chose to stay home and mow the lawn. Mitch, are you listening?
Baby in the office, baby in the office
Boycott these co's 'til they leave ALEC: Johnson & Johnson, Kraft, UPS, State Farm Ins, Bayer, Walmart, Pfizer, AT&T, ExxonMobil PLEASE RT
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I was there, so don't try to change the story.
those too!
well, gonna hop off & c what i can give away/trash. #lovetodownsize :) ttyl
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dog-loving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
How'd it go? Jealous you are home for today's Eagles game but can't complain about the 80 degree weather here. Saw Wepner..
ctfu hell yeah he be makin everybody look so short
are you talking about that Zohan piece of garbage?
can't wait to work with you!
#MyCelebCrushIs A Bad Lay.
cute kid
Dreesen did save Elway's cell number.
MTV's Real World is coming to US Open Sandcastle Comp next month in IB.
Ready for something new in my life...time to make decisions and changes!
I'll have to see if there's a podcast.
In my world of Cinco de Mayo for a b-day NOT going to Mexican food is a special occasion! Headed to 3 Foods Cafe with the fam to celebrate
Be sure to pick one that matches my monocle and smoking jacket.
sometimes I really wish it were true... nice stick figures too by the way!
Dammn rite im sleeping on yu niqqa give me my pillow!!
Will do! Much needed break. :)
Thanks for all your support ~ We are so excited about #TEDx Youth Day in #Miami ~ November 20 ~
that "awkward moment" will be moot soon enough!
Some talent still left in the draft pool...Kellen Moore, Chris Polk, Broderick Green, James Rogers, Alfonzo Dennard, to name a few.
I feel SO much better now. :)
Movies with my baby!!
Are they announcing regionals already?
yes when you get 1 msg me your gamertag
Your shoes are oddly fascinating. Flats first, heels top out at platforms in late 20s, & gradually down to flats again.
you do realize i could have gotten her right?
#Secretlust tweet!!! Somebody feeling a certain way huh? RT : Embracing your sex appeal is a beautiful thing.
Lmaooo selena looks like justins mother..they don't make a good couple nicki minaj love u
t-minus 4 days! is in for a HUGE surprise ;)
Nothing much, Just got in from a long day of filming. I'm eating dinner now. How about you?
Make sure u nominate exile for all eligible catagories at the Ohio hip hop awards. This year were gonna make noise!
I'm finding out that twitter is mostly for smart phone people...don't have one, just a laptop...oh well...
#20thingsaboutme that 3 in AP euro was the best of all my APs. i thought that test kicked my ass.
"Job creation is crucial for the survival of cities." Joan Clos, ED of UN-Habitat.
Forgot I have a bruise on my cheek, I just rubbed my face, HOLY SHIT OUCH.
Aw are you cold?! Well that's what you get for wearing booty shorts to a night game ya dumb bitch!
You said you loved me, but now you flipping like reciprocals
Come get one mouth watering burger
Not in the mood now...
Hi, remember me? You used to smile when you saw me, hug me for no reason, talk to me for no reason & love me for who I am. I miss that.
What's your favorite part about KC?
New from Comcast! Internet Essentials: $9.95 Internet service for qualifying families with kids who receive free lunches...
congrats to who is receiving my last pair of am90 infrared (2010) for completing a mjace challenge lmao
Let's go Lakers, put these people out of their misery!!!
Hey #college #students - bring an awesome #speaker to your #campus for your next #event, #conference, or #lecture. Contact !
What's goodie my G
Hooka and beer with the best in my porch
and more! Call to reserve your space @ 212.594.9616.
“The object of Art is to give life a shape.” ― William Shakespeare
Grambling is tear Southern up this Bayou Classic!
Leave her alone....
eh, it was better on paper than on screen.
so yea small balls & anger issues I guess the world balances himself
Tim Tebow will be in the top 100 even though I don't think he should. Hopefully he is on today's show
Wonderful to see you, as always. Thanks for your support
Congrats! I had to get involved in ending the reign of legal ignorance over craft beer.What's brewing? Please drop me a line.
Eric Cantor is a traitor. Putting Israel's interests before the US. If a Dem did that all TV talking heads would be screaming. But IOKIYAR
Get Markakis out of the 3 hole. He is no more a #3 hitter than Andino at this point.
Hey I'm performing in Fort Myers @ the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 3-4. Tell a friend. Great weekend to you! -Mexican Wolverine :{///
I'll link to my review tomorrow. The Brazilian origins of the dance and the music should make this really unique.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will
wow! #soulmates? (we like your name!)
I got you a little something for your birthday but I cant wait so I'm probably gonna give it to you on Monday ^_^ lmao(x
When you are having casting for a video in Miami let your Miami base twitter fans know!
Today could not get worse
I posted late on Wednesday's post. Had to think about what I posted but it's a done deal now. Praying it helps someone :)
Yum! Can't wait!
maybe it was perfect? :)
Just met Leroy Butler
What's up cuzzo?
yeah, that's what I was thinking too. Just thought I'd double check (:
Chad Kroeger, "HERO" OH YEAH...where is my SPIDERMAN?????
CC looks good so far!!! 😁
More than one woman told the whole truth about his life ..
hey sweetie how your day today it's raning down here even the way yoou look you could make the be better buy looking at your pic
Bella's dress was hotter than Kate middleton's
How bout #WeGotSweptLikeBitches? RT : Need Lakers templates in tweets?
I need to come toTarget more often.
Delayed choice entanglement swapping does spice up the psi discussion re: retrocausation Be wary of oversimplifying 2 ensembles
aww. I do! I like the zippers too. They're real pockets!
Kill me now.
well, because I'm a Moose.
lesson learned just now - it pays to stop coding, step back, learn a good way and then get back to it.
#fridayreads Finishing The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler (SO GOOD!) and rereading Kindred for !
Walker texas ranger could kick Donyell Marshall in the head while playing piano in
Hey! Rey gave me his glove after a game last year so don't bash him, even though he does suck hah
I was just saying...
I keep having dreams about Disney land o.O it's weird
MBUSA announces teams for
Tattoo tuesday at secret gentlemens club. Come win a tattoo from counts tattoo shop. 2$ beer. 4$ well. And me!!!
People seriously need to find new topics to talkk aboutt
*runs in slow motion* no *jumps on to the pancake* I just saved your life! now get the Kings to sign me
Please follow us. I know we can make a difference together. -Mitch
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Right. I can buy him not remembering - life is long, and he probably bullied others - but it clearly happened.
Thought rain would make me sleepy but maybe not. Just yawny.
This is not good news #Brewers place Chris Narveson on 15-day DL with tear in his left Rotator Cuff.
yeah, i love you too.
Does anybody have a tablet or iPad for sale with camera! And also looking for ipod! Send pics and price in here if 304-612-2469 texts only
What da hell bobby
in dallas?
tank and i spent 8 un-needed hours together waiting for a battery to charge that never worked. awesome.
Baking and Easter dinner preparations, mow lawns, clean house, opry mills mall perhaps. Good thing I woke up at 7! Here we go!
which thunderbird are you playing at?
RT Habitat_Restore HabitatWC's ReStore sells used & surplus building materials at a fraction of original.
That's fantastic! RT Our FOT tree is 12 years old now and gives shade to our block.
hahha, I'm totally turned on by this “: Zac Efron accidentally dropped a condom on the red carpet at the premiere of "The Lorax."”
psh celebrity apprentice is a great friday night ....the drama between Lisa and Diana has sucked me in!
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time... -
Mikey on the track #music #FOLLOW #qm #
Awesome pick! Good work! RT : Excited to welcome Nick Perry to the Packers. Good football player.
Power out on Amtrak 173 Boston to New York. Stranded half way. Temporary?
I'm balding but I believe a girl will love me for whats on the inside. Problem is, I'm also balding on the inside.
debuts today on FoxSports. a baseball talk show for kids, hosted by kids.
I am going to WBF we should meet up there.
thank you!
Best. Weekend. Ever????? xoxo
Spinning with Linny
Fall TV stuff. Some looks great, while some are turdly looking.
We need ideas for our 2012 list. Know dates for any events/festivals/food celebrations coming to the 'Burgh in 2012?
This had to be one of the fastest weeks to go by.
Voter turnout for the #wirecall primary was around 30% of eligible voters.
everything that dont make since about me, makes since when im with youu <3
I've been living with myself all of my life, so I know all of me. So when I watch me, all I see is me. It's boring.
Its might funny how yhu didnt wana pay me no attenion and ignore my call but now yhu wana blow up my fone and call me werid
Justin Beiber. Do I really need a reason?
I'm editing a piece and not sure how to explain the changes I made. "I broke up the excessive dependent clauses???"
MAN i missed on twitter bc i was doing my last book report :( i am sad now
So, just how &#39;nontraditional&#39; is Jessica Simpson&#39;s baby name?
we can't wait!! RT This Sunday Long Beach Patchwork Festival from 11am-5. At the Marine Stadium Bay shore. Super fun event!!!
DONT INSULT MY INTELLIGENCE
-I strive to help protect people, &when I get the calls that someone didnt make it, it hurts, but you keep fighting
i gotta say, is putting forth a solid effort to make a splash. dope video.
yall need to holla at black caesar lets network for the tone
Just got home from a 1st date...It went well!!! I look forward to the 2nd!!! #first date
Jus never been dominated in 2k how LeBron is doing us right now lbs
"Without a Father" needs extras. If you are interested please let us know at .
Sitting at SoHo House W-Hollywood working away, June gloom in LA this morning, with 15 dollar Americano's...good times
and co. thanks for dialing in my cronus cx on a very busy black friday. rides so much better.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody
lol XD thank you captain obvious no but seriously i'd care god forbid something happened to you.
thanks for following! (:
I'm exempt from my Spanish final
Tina you just dont tweet enough, what are you actually on the phone with real people or god forbid outside? Love You.
im tired of it
ok. Lol. Bye.
“ “ I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me i'm not respecting you.””
Word to the wise: never smile after eating oreos.
santa clara...u?
this was spectacular and much needed! Starting cooking young increases your confidence. Esp. As a male.
via : If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others -Haim Ginott
#FF & to get a special PROMOTION PACKAGE which includes Radio Airplay & PROMO for your Music
omg!! Yes! I forgot about those hahaha
Who's comin to MyStudio tonight for OMARIONS Official Mixed tape Red Carpet event with special CONFIRMED Invited guest CHRIS BROWN!!!
Yay for a great night!!!
Small job outside of Athens. Anyone headed that way?
": End of an error. RT : Source: #Dodgers sale has closed. McCourt era has ended." Lmao point made
This book is getting interesting.
TODAY'S ZYX'S SPONSORED BY
man went to supa ghetto as apartment party not even a house party and got robbed out of 3 dolla cause we paid and wasnt there but a couple
if anyone was ever this excited to see me I'd probably die. you're a precious man. SEE YOU IN NEW YORK, BABY!
I know what it is.. you ain't catch up on ya sports center today? too busy watchin reality shows? lol
that's a wonderful thing to do:)
Can't wait till I can drive:x
Just switched my saved GoogleBooks to Life is so much better with good metadata.
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!!
Defeat is my common enemy, I hate defeat.
congads bill the brewers superfans always behind ya. Good luck
:* Glee club was cool. Rapped Bohemian Rhapsody instead of singing it.
guess WHAT dudes. THIS SHIT WILL NOT STAND.
« I'm too nice to the wrong people. I need to stop believing there's good in everyone»
this sexy toe is out...... love you austy baby ;) lol.
Via: Leadershipfreak If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
If you are a girl... Let me be the first to tell you that you need to go ahead and read fifty shades of Grey.
O Well I Aint No Hater I Jus Talk Shyt But I Do Give Props. Wear Her Legz Like EarMuffs N She'll Love It.
Chesapeake Finsh Line Tower!
people do less dangerous things, while using social media and get in trouble less?
Was that in the script?
PUT ME N THE LOOP BADNEWZ FT DRUGZ PRODUCE BY THE PRODUCER .......FIRE LOOPY IF U AINT HEAR THIS THEN U AINT IN THE LOOP!
lol that's how they do it I guess.
just float it lol rookie of the year was my fav movie for awhile pitchers got a big butt lol
just breathe you got this
We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to contact us from March. Be sure to check your emails!
hahaha great idea, "Don't forget to bring a towel"
tell gab I said what up!!!
Watch: Jackson Loses His Cool
Amazing fact. “: Great trivia question and answer on the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all hitters, ever.”
“: With the win tonight, the have been officially eliminated from the 2012 NBA Playoffs.” No!!!!!!
S/O to my gurl Lakecia Benjamin for blessing my tracks so awesomely today. #master#StackinBeatzMadBlood POOF!!!
Fair enough. At least there are free and inexpensive events around town this time of year, too.
I love golf, #butgolfhatesme!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Aww, Cryssy, I'd date you. But I'm married. & straight. But I still luv u lots. Maybe I'll go into my lab & build you a man...
“: A walk to remember has to be one of the greatest movie on earth hands down...” hey thats our movie!
phone died call me back when your done with your shower
All dat fake shit gotta perish...
You are very welcome! Thank you for the follow as well.
gonna try not to stab myself during this last conference call of the week! so tired of talking to vendors and consultants.
Random words idea came from great book POEMCRAZY. Author used for prompts and I've just taken it a bit further :)
Cop me one too please!
They're on it. You should hear from them shortly.
Sucker Punch, the ninjas only weakness! If you hear it coming, it's the last thing you'll ever hear.
#edchat committed as a principal to support learning, aspire to philosophy that the good teachers should not be stressed.
Based on the people around me, I'm guessing the destination of this bus is the bowels of hell.
Thank you so much! Wow - 9 yrs flies by when having fun at
when you look me in the eyes, i catch a glimpse of heaven. <3
That's the thing: everybody THINKS this and THINKS that. Better chance of Bazz to UCLA than Noel to G-town, though.
okay chris jericho is getting a little carried away with his jackets
RT OUCH!!! RT : u dnt even kw wat house music is RT : Coming to sing 4 u RT : I miss house music
on 300 shares, lol! be patient, it will hit my short term target of about 3.05 in my opinion, and might exceed it.
Don't quit your day job. The circus isn't as appealing as it seems.
Thank you!
Enjoyed hearing you in Baltimore 2 weeks ago! Looking forward to piece on Freeman! Go Curley Friars!
You may vote for UP TO 8 members at large but you do not HAVE to vote for eight.
ugh, not what I wanted to hear as I walk into a meeting!
its raining and thundering!!!!!
RT Pride and Prejudice, one of my all time favorites. I've watched this '05 version at least 50x (no kid!) #♥♥♥JaneAusten
#FF my partner in slime
where's the petco at? Might need to head back to DMV..
just installed 1.5 and it crashes repeatedly on startup. NOT PROMISING.
Ted Mondale -- Vikings making substantial contribution to creating venue that public will use 355 days per year.
Johnny Bananas & Camilla hasn't tweeted nothing yet? Wonder if it's a sign? WONDER
fo.low me
you're right - I love mandolins!
Can't see this link - could you repost? Thanks!
Slow down, and stop making silly fouls...
As always you are more than welcome...lol ;-)
Someone just waved at me as I drove by them and I couldn't tell who it was. Lawls.
Looking forward with optimism, ignoring the rear view!!!
Second to last #INDOOR copetition today!!! Gonna be awesome!! Especially the 2 1/2 hr bus ride.. lol(;(;
The only thing worse than finding a creepy-crawly in your home is finding just the leg of a creepy-crawly in your home.
I need to clean my room for this weekend.😭👎
RT : You did the cause proud, !
Rossi-Snook "we are providing access it's just mediated" to #YFF Collection. Some teen thugs preoccupied w/darker themes-some not!
dee brown from Illinois may be faster just could never figure out the change of speed thing
Life's best lessons are learned at the worst times.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Have a great day bruh bruh!
The tournament buy-in will be $250, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
U no men have there periods too
Tip of the day: meatloaf can be served with egg or without egg.
Wish would invite that pig over for a BarBQ! Go Casey!
You should be able to use your Transvip voucher # whenever you arrive to get to your host family house.
heading to walnut in a few.
I Said I Was Sorry ..
thank you! I hope you did too! love you! ☺
Good Morning Austin!(: I Love You Please, Please, Please Follow Me!(:
#nowplaying This Is How We Do It, Montell Jordan
That awkward moment when you're not lying, and you ACTUALLY LEFT YOUR HOMEWORK HOME.
People who like fish on their pizza are weird!
Any Quality Assurance Peeps out there looking for a Perm Position? 312-616-7974
Happy mothers day
Thanks Linda, it would be a pleasure to meet you.
On route to my 3rd library today. Gushed about it WOOOH so much books.. yeah #bibliophile..but heart #libraries so
#bestfeeling When you are having a crappy day, but someone tells you that you look nice or look like a 'skinny-minnie' ...I'll take it ;)
lmao yea that girl would be hella fine
to be fair, she's probably collecting a fat paycheck from abc basically for being famous for being famous...still i'd take fb stock
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Haven't used a desktop since my internship last summer
Linda--For your house-hunt, are you looking to buy or rent? I am happy to help you and have quite a few resources. --Aaron
Ok, for real - somebody get an update on Mariano.
Thanks for the Twitter love!
About to hear at
I've Loved And I Lost <3
it's tough dating a liar, but I guess it's tough dating an actor, too
That hurts!
Thanks for the links-I'll look forward to joining on the wiki. For 2nd year in a row, I have a conflict & cant attend
Who's running the Joe Kleinerman 10k in Central Park tomorrow? Should be about 38 degrees at the start gun - brisk but not freezing!
you better keep your fingers crossed for no rain delays or cancelled flights!
Congrats on engagement Mae. Who's the lucky fella?
follow for chances to win prizes on friday!!!
just as long as u won your part <3
“: What's good on tv?” MLBtv will you be able to ride this weekend?
You're so welcome, Emma! :) Thanks for the #ff. Have a great weekend!
Who need more followers? Retweet this and tweet me 'SWAG' and gain 1OOO+ followers! ( Must be following first! )
The boyz are gonna be on shake it up!!!
Awww, I love Adam.
Making spit balls out of construction paper and flinging them at me. How cute.
Clean, low cost, abundant-energy. A day when you cannot say, "Clean your plate, there are people starving"
#iPhone4S or #NexusS ? I need help deciding! :S
To all of you who followed me during my absence, thank you for your follow. I’m excited about reading your tweets and being back at Twitter.
Yeah! RT via : Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply.
I just tweeted 200 times in the past 40minutes...
Feelings hurt!
working on some changes. Will back up soon
The 99% think like the 99% and that's why they are the 99% bitching at the 1%. Be the 1% by thinking like one.
remember tonight exactly a year ago! Fucking
I'd LOVE you guys to do a feature about cruelty free cosmetic products. It would be AMAZING
Last few days I was at hospital for my wife, back in office today
SexTip Guys, if your girl starts to lose the mood during sex, return to foreplay for a minute or two to get her back in the mood.
Lordy - email jail since 8:30 AM. Makes for an Antsy Dina!
beer curation winding down yet? There's still some mellow fun to be had at B&O!
you furnish the pasta maker, i'll bring the wine... we can gather the girls and make a night of it.
Allegedly we've put a man on the moon, yet the Facebook app still sucks.
“: Merry Christmas to you sir! Have fun tomorrow at RAW!! :D” Thanks :-D
#imagine you and Louis are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Louis: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
your story inspires me, thank you!
I do not wear curator pants. I wear Hammer pants. Wait... these actually look like something MC would have been into...
Glad u njoyd it! Givn God all the Glory. I had a great time with you guys!
#ihavenotolerance for stupid drivers!
I hear hammers and crowbars! Demo is going smoothly!
Christmas decorations in the office! I have my own personal mini stocking hanging on my cubicle wall. Haha...love the holiday spirit! Cheers
We've switched to showers mode--both rain and snow. But virtually all valley roads stay wet.
with the case jack out there u can't fold fifth, wp Mike
and you will!
I gotta take a risk take a chance make a chance and breakaway
!!(: I'll keep your secret. <3
Just checked out the ratings in the App Store - average of 5 stars and well-earned. Great way to get addicted to fitness.
Dr. Love thinks that a relationship between Daniel Simmons and Beautifull Smith has a very good chance of being successful.
Such an adventures night..got lost downtown and now in a random parking lot with a flat tire. Right ?
I can't write this paper.
RT Much love to the #Lobos on winning the #MWC tournament!! Everyone's a LOBO...WOOF WOOF WOOF!
how was the concert?
Follow and I will send uUR name to the crew, JUSTIN, Cody, peyton and the members of one direction ! No joke (:
Boom! Yeah!
thank you Caroline!!!
Guys were so glad to say we signed our first artist and there debut album will be out January 19,2011
YAY!!!! Sign up for the mailing list for lube! :)
hah. hipster? lame old dude.
You and your locked tweets! <<< lol
Over/under on the calories in this? "Tim Hortons Cafe & Bake Shop debuts deliciously decadent Caramel Chocolate Brownie Iced Capp Supreme"
Hopefully I can double the 50,000 words this month for #nanowrimo!
Listen up! RT : Tourist lessons: if you're going to get drunk to the point you don't know you're name keep your ID with you.
: walked in to the office past News Channel 6 van, front door crowded with bleach blonds smoking cigarettes; Sammy Moore's ABC hearing!
I'm with !! #PeopleAgainstThePats... Go Giants!!
Goodmorning everyone ! Its a great day for some fun! Cumm see me..... topnotchescorts.net
"Pakistan" means "Land of the Pure". The Capital is Islamabad, so that could be the Muslim you mention....
RT : Sic Saturdays @ 240 E Pittsburgh. It's party time fun craziness. Extra bass weekly. Guest Dj Kosmo tonite no cover
Yw, sounds like the perfect tour guide? ;) I've driven thru CO many X & thought "If I ever have chance to live here!?" Now, I do
Sex and sexual compatibility is VERY important, but at times thats what WE ONLY focus on #RealityCHECK its NOT EVERYTHING
lol u ready
So excited for mother daughter din at tonight w/ Bring on the grigio!
Dana Point, CA just for the day. Or, wherever my cat permits me to roam.
Somethings are better not being said.
Track meet today feeling good !
quit protectin those tweets. You got some retweet material
have a great day luv
Capes are a liability!
My husband would probably agree about the golf, but I've seen him eat haggis batter-dipped, deep-fried, on pizza.
the power of media!
We can leave the past behind!
Happy Holidays to all
admit it, this is my appeal.
Do what you want im just saying... words cut deep.
Increase Profits Selling Jewelry at Craft Shows With Gift Boxes Selling handmade jewelry at craft shows can be more profitable with the u
Love that Brittany brought her grandma. Hate the girls that made fun of her for it!
Received and replied. Appreciate it man!
#3WordsForYou I Miss You
the one and only Daniel mori!
i would follow but i'm over my limit): but can you follow me please? (:
It was great! Im back home now but going BACK out there in a couple of weeks!
Morning run in Vegas = awesome. I might not like the people here but the building facades are grand to run through.
And Im not cocky I just love myself
Hell yes!
$3.70 more & you can cop a nick sack is all I'm saying.
We've got a lot too learned but god knows we're worth it
Now that's real hustling. Work hard to achieve your dreams, no matter how big or how small! :)
Dont trip! We are not going out of business. Got some cool changes underway. As always we are available online but also in some new shops...
I am curious as 2 how u heard of me I really like your pf info mayne #POSITIVETHINKING is #VITAL in every-day life! Thats gr8
Females Can Be Players Too .
Yeah, my mom bought it!
but not impossible
In order to ensure he misses a start it would have to be 9 games which is just crazy.
Feeling pretty in pink!!!
why must the "e" network people always rhyme when talking?
pretty sure cats have a similar system for morning food distribution. Inefficient and poorly distributed.
that is awesome! This years #Shareathon is even better than last years! $1,000 just to tweet!
nothing what you been on?
Nah. Just commercials. On TV, web vids, etc.
I am feeling a strong connection to this lady! "I'm clueless, but competitive." The Moth,
I don't think of her as riot grrrl but as a great musician.
bring me some! haha
Do you play Bioshock or have you?
Go to sleep, Ace.
What do you think about the moves #Spurs might make today ? Gary Cahill, Parker, Adebayor maybe?
please follow me!!! i'm your biggest fan please
and I just witnessed perfection.
OH: "he should treat me like a princess damn it I am Rapunzel!" haha drunks on st pattys day
Chernobyl Diaries: for the generation that missed the Blair Witch Project
No thanks, I don't enjoy listening to teeny pop songs by high school girls, that's so 90s...
thanks much. I've decided to try to popularize the term little "b" buddhist--who's with me?
Yes we will
I was gonna tell you my dream but it wouldn't fit ):
And pining after death seems like a lower bar?
#Boxing #Quote Boxing is smoky halls and kidneys battered until they bleed. Roger Kahn
what's wrong with it?
I can just picture WWE '13 right now; the object of the game will be to get your Superstar to trend Worldwide on Twitter.
your gonna love it it's amazing!
best run of my life - love this weather!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Doing great, love the hat, I see your into the holiday spirit.
You are the best thing that's ever been mine.
hard workout + warm weather = nap time
where have u been at
what's wrong wit yo phone
that was colorful.
Like when teachers think an entire class "hates" them because of one upset student. Nice example, thanks.
Thanks Ralph! We'll send you some answers later today.
Lol .. Why you say that ?
Somethow twitter reminds me of the days of CB radios -- comback --
Even though I've read the book now, I still love the movie dear John. Movies are usually so great, even if the book is better.
Regular sized condoms are so little, aw
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Follow back plz?
VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR Guest List Call Or TXT (602)465-4148/(602)229-1110Ver más
who has facebook?
malia fullerton: most particip asked to reconsent for data submission to dbGaP said yes, but 90% said being asked=extremely important!
Blehhh all work no play
The lights were too bright at the Chinese restaurant so the manager decided to dim sum.
Looking for an Aussie actor in Boston Ideally would be 20-40, w/ a comedic and punk edge. Tattoos and spiky hair welcome (not required).
Wonderful Amazing Gyrotonic session. Thank you !!!! <3
hahahah okay! It's like a superpower. It's magical.
i was waiting for you to reply lmaoo im sleepin now shhh lol god night(: gl on ur finals mines r coming too -___-
Glad you were tweeting about the other Karen.
Big shot for us 62-59
A good weight for someone to be at may be different than yours. Focus on being healthy & performing at your best not the number on the scale
I finally fucking made it. Thanks for letting me know, dude.
who produced such great television?
re; I was representing for you son! Hook em' horns!!
My resolution for 2012: the maximum supported by my display and graphics card.
Like us on facebook!! www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
right here
I love the phantom and now we are no longer related
Happy birthday
vs Pacers no, vs OKC o Spurs, SI :-(
53 days until Vermont.
then come see me!!!
And my 7 year old. The arc of history bends toward justice.
How are you MAJ?
If u can't understand why looks so bad on this - across the entire "family" of platforms, then u really just don't get it
My God this is unfortunately so very true. Not one dr ever asked how I was doing
Federal Agents raid gun shop, find weapons.
#MuddButt RT Kobe got the bubble guts
no. I took the picture.
I can't believe I just locked in a 30yr fixed at 3.75. It is like they are giving $$$ away!
#teamfollowback n I follow back bitch!
hahah I've never drank by the pint in the states actually. so London is still winning. lol
Congratulations to them. I thought I was getting an Elf-Wire email but it was actually an email sent to like 9723832879232 thousand people.
#theysaytrueloveisblind but you really gotta have some vision problems if your asking a 400 pound woman to marry you
USF Talent Show tonight at 9 p.m. in North Campus. You pick the winners through text voting. Go support your friends! :)
right on, will keep an eye out..Peace!
#littlestar making the cups kiss
I need a nickname
Eli in the Superbowl is teaching our youth that any #MouthBreathingDummy can make it in this country, I won't allow it!
ICYMI: #sotu2012 proved #obama2012 is stronger tax cutter (for 99% wages) & deficit fighter (against 1% loopholes) than
today is going swimmingly, coffee is sort of working. i'll call it a win
I want my girlfriend to be out of dance. I wanna talk to her already!
i realize that education is important, but is it really necessary to make us wake up at 5? i'm more of a night owl (:
Caller just labeled me the Newt Gingrich of local radio because I do.not sling mud. Hate the analogy
:) RT : I'm going to next weekend. Love big bots with spinning blades.
Once I accidentally pressed cancel during that second it says 100% before it actually finishes when rendering a video.
10 Often Overlooked Marketing Strategies Philip Kotler defines marketing as “the science and art of exploring, creating, and delivering v
Who is that?
haha idk i had to say it..
thanks for following!
Enjoyed listening to 'Repeated Measures', thanks.
I agree on both accounts. Estrada is always up for the challenge. How has Peralta control been this season?
You gotta put your "I hate college" song on youtube so I can share with my friends! THAT SHIT'S TIGHT
you don't wanna call nobody else
wat can i say ......something says one thing.....nd he says another...which one to believe? # confused O.o
A pixie cut may be in the near future. Not a fan of hair in the face
Liked Josh better
already u still in sa?
haha yes! We will discuss details and the plan tomorrow while doing hair :)
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory.
Thank you, how are you today?
Thanks for pointing these resources out! I'm still getting the hang of Twitter and am figuring out how best to manage data.
No doubt. Haven't decided what to get. Carrying a Ruger LCR for the time being.
We could incorporate dusting into Jules's first birthday party. Party favor is a new dust rag.
thank yew :)
why do my check-ins keeps getting retweeted? you weren't here with me!
me too I hate when Stephanie Carranza doesn't text back ugh!!! “: I hate when people dont text me back!Now i know how it feels. :(”
Happy to have run into at the #berkeleymunch tonight!
I'm done with all the recording but It's not complete yet. Still working on the cover
check out single
Transformers 3: Dark of the Hoe
I had time to rewrite my blog from a casino in Macau. Posted earlier. Had detention time with some unsavory and suspicious guards. But...
Such a fun evening with a lot of fun people last night. Always guaranteed a good time in the Lower East Side.
who isn't down for a warm squirt?
First job interview (possibly) happening in 3 hours. If I could sell anxiety on Amazon, I'd be a rich man.
please follow back chanel
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a Texas girl
15's photo shot was AMAZING w.my bestfriend ♥.♥
oh no! I hate being sick. Hope you feel better. Hope wasn't contagious!
I will for the man who brought us Forrest Gump
I don't get the love affair with Josh Smith.
hope your Tucson days are filled with otter pops, maruchan soup, disturbing solstice rocks, and Bob Key
Share your time and talents with people in need & the life you change will be your own.
Yes! ": Looking forward to playing at Curio in with and on Tuesday! 9:30-midnight"
To make culture authentic again, need to create shared moments
Smh They just don't know or care that in order to be a good teacher u have to be a good student. Nothing wrong with learning.
It's happened a couple times since then.. Would love to see #Loyola pull off the upset
If only I had $ 1B. I guess I wouldn't be tweeting about this stuff, if I did ;-)
thank you so much for stopping by!!
but Britt is cuter ;) lol
Lunch reading: 10yrold has comics/sports, husband has Ideas section, I have Globe Magazine & 8yrold studying Toys R Us insert. Peaceful.
Latly iv been kind of pissed off because everybody sayin lil wayne spits raw
Thnx! Panhellenic, National DG have been useless. National DG said I could "fax". Right.
We're on our way to #SXSW! What should we check out?
I realize there is no point to trying to get anything done in this heat. Looks like nothing will get done until the sun goes down :/
Daytime #curfew laws allow CVPD to search, question, and deter any juvenile without adhereing to constitutional safeguards.
My co-worker at my new job asked me if I voted today in the Wisconsin GOP primary. I politely said no and laughed uproariously inside!
hey girl! you work at the Rocco Altobelli in St.Paul right?
2 more classes, 3 final exams, and 8 more days until my freshman year of college is finished!
Hey Twitter - We are both SINGLE!!! :) hehehehe
thedcdon hot show Intelligent. This is politics. I learning today. Hasnt happen since Tim on Meet the Press.
haha . ya everyone does
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Know A Mans Past...And You'll Understand His Future."
- I'm reading "The Jolly Mon" to my daughters first grade class next week. Gonna bring my guitar & teach them the song too.
Saw JEFF, WHO LIVES AT HOME tonight.enjoyed it! Duplass Brothers are pretty awesome!
· just signed your petition!
Prom tomorrow!
So overwhelmed it's ridiculous . 😪
At #Jets rookie minicamp. Draft picks, UDFAs all here. Scotty McKnight also out there.
Been a while since I've been on this Twitter thing. We should definitely meet up though, we could skype in lol
Oh, and... 10 days left.
If you make a tongue sticking out emoticon face with the colon and a "p", please refrain from communicating with me. Kindest regards.
hahaha-- semi erect = Broken Arrow
Hiring right employees can be like winning the lottery.Hard to know who will be a good fit til they’ve been working 4 awhile
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Yepp, but i was like "damn! Who dat? :D" haha. Gay thing is i won the talent show for a school i dont even go to =/
Now about Aquarena stuff--any plans to digitize? Seems perfect for a grant project; the history's so fascinating.
yep, about as subtle as a Mack truck (a.k.a. ).
. should do more morning shows.
Coming Soon
is it time to go yet
that's funny
"We apologize in advance!"
smart woman:)
RT : Are the BAFTA's on live tonight?? worth a view? or stick to sunday night on E Entertainment of the kardashians?!! LOL!
she's so different now :o
Love to hear more about what you are up to. Drop us a line?
Love...joy & mischief! RT: What's at your core?
I♥MYBestfriendEvaVillanueva:B
I love a woman with class...a lady.... but a freak in the bedroom....
Your twit pic is adorable!!
wonderful to reconnect with familiar friends & meet great new people at #TxLA12 today. like everything, librarian spirit is bigger in Texas!
If you aren't outside enjoying the weather in Fort Worth then you should be.
Thinking about the future today--equally exciting and daunting task.
*JUST ANNOUNCED* 7/9 at Bad Fish Bar: BETWEEN THE TREES w/ Mark Rose (Spitalfield). Local support TBA. $10 online / $12 day of show
you are the bomb
Wise people know & understand the difference between talking to someone & talking at someone!
Totally just passed a lady who looked like Kris Kardashian
The Grammy Awards are bullshit u know!!! They're just a group of old-bitter-men but Mtv awards… ppl gets to vote…………………………………………………!!!!!!!!!
Ravenclaw! What did you get?
Seconded RT : Happy birthday ! We going to Chuck E. Cheese?
My Life nd This Loud Got Me
working out is for pus# Retard strength is all I need. 3 days at the gym a week supplies me this...
How was Avengers y'all? Thinking this evening I may want to go see it...
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen.
wanna come run the rock n roll with me in New Orleans?
you did, or what happened?
I said I believed you.. Damn
hey Adam.... You want to set this up....
Miss you guys and the wee one - hugs from us Capitalinas xoxo!
The self sings alone.
Your work is amazing.
This fly in my house <<<<<
Woke up thinking about you
omg im so sorry
I'm a music fanatic!
Burberry Prorsum Resort 2012 is brilliant. Really digging the Dutch wax prints. Gorgeous!
yup! Licking watermelons!!
#2012 is going to be a year of correction and order
hahahah that's great and in a band really?? Cool ;) my day was kinda boring hahahah 😔😉
Today is going to be excellent!! 😍
I know I missed some of the dialogue. And I saw at at midnight so my emotions were intense.
Susan Bennett speaking about the : "It made me realize how proud I was to be a journalist"
Hey, Valya, thanks for the RT! I appreciate your support.
amen, brother
Try teaching footnotes, to students who have just been taught parenthetical citations. Why do I do it?
thanks, Julie!!
That was stupid as hell you can't even compare the together RT : mafuckas said future better than meek mills.
No need fah twitter bumpin . . Just know ima throw dem hammers ! #Squad !
Thx for the mention.
Hadda good tweet but forgot it.. sorry niggas
sorry for your loss. Didn't know him but found him hilarious in the NASL documentary...
Beyond annoyed.
yeah, the packing is hard! I've been thiking about it but haven't started yet.. need to stop slacking.
Thanks the video helped
Fingers crossed..Here's hoping for a road through Baltimore..
Anyone have a goal suggestion to increase intelligibility in a 2 year old? Mom wants more specific goals Smh
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, your way just happens to be in the dark. :)
I dream of a Christmas season without all the ubiquitous Christmas songs. C'mon how many tmsXday can anybody listen to "White Christmas"&C ?
It must have gotten us confused.
You're in college, show some respect.
Pearl is making the leg she's kneading (mine) quickly resemble raw tenderized meat.
But how are YOU today.....why yes, it IS a pleasure to meet me ;)
I love Michael ha!
thanks for answering quickly ;) did you get food?
We have a mutual friend...HOLLY CHASE! Big fan brother!
True That!! I'm so on the verge of just dismissin the person cuz friend or not, church is my world just like music is urs!
I'd triple it..then slap her!
I'm reminded of how much theater and excitement Madonna brings. Fun half-time show!
Just realized that I put a Cyndi Lauper song in a playlist labeled "Modern."
2003 Nissan Altima S from North America - Comments
No one knows how much I fuckn love The Devil Wears Prada but my gf. I'm sad and pissed cause I missed them at the mall!! Ugh.... :(
Woot Woot Has joined the Family! He even found us on FB! Have u? There are a ton of great videos!
Ah gotcha. Cool cool. You still interested in getting things together with Nick and I?
working on a buffalo applique
hey Carlin heard you like to sing well hope your voice takes you some where
He may or may not be drunk/methed up/a simpleton.
So ima let Starship Troopers put me to sleep lol #bugs bwahaha
All I want for Christmas is a follow from
Watch Kentucky-Kansas final or write baseball stuff? Harder question than it should be.
Not looking so fresh in the pictures from last nights event with
I want a tattoo ....
Count us among the sane! RT : Thanks 4 the mention....
Silver Tongues is amongst my favorite films of the year
Havent been on twitter all day
You cant trust everybody...
I rather see Dylan O'Brien..
WAL-MART! F--K YEAH!
Hi guys
When/if u come to minnesota for tour u should go to the mall of America cuz then I actually have a chance of meeting u
When football-lingo isn't your primary frame of reference, "star receiver" sounds like quite a grandiose job title.
can't wait to go to sleep
Nothing like finding out your aunt scored you 2 bottles of Surly Smoke, 7 months after release!!
You're welcome :)
RT : If you thought day 1 of was great, wait till you catch Jamie Monberg's URL to IRL session at 9am....
im bout to tweet my ass off in a minute...i gotta go pee right quick
I mean !!! U need 1000 because I can't follow you !!!
Certainly understand!
WWDC jacket has no pockets to hide work blackberry at #cocoaconf ...
white chocolate on the top with vanilla in the middle 😍
just hit a milestone - 1,000 names arbitrated on the #1940census. yeah!
1 seat has opened for tonight's 5 course asparagus dinner with Diana Rowan and Daniel Berkman performing. Who wants it? :)
- He should do it right before the election in front of the American people on an issue that would benefit them.
Trying to find strippers at this strip mall...
A birdseye view huh? Nice guns U got there.
…and try remember that it’s winter. (As if it were yesterday.) And if on a winter’s night a traveller...
U want mi burtherlz
seriously man I feel for ya. Imagine being in a hospital having open heart and having us scouring for drugs after your case.
chilled with all my family (: & you ?
I know right. I feel really bad for those kids. They're prolly gonna have all kinds of psychological issues when they're older
I love My Baby
Hey Mr.Mahone!! Why arent u following me ? Huhh? Lol, Please follow me back <3
Cell phone catastrophe earlier this week. Need you to DM me your number. Will meet you at Dodge City.
Liked the #SNL intro bit about #OWS. Almost felt old school for a sec. "Dine out" indeed...
hey girl, awesome chatting with you today! Remember to burn that CD when you can! Love you! =) <3
Don't know why is that....
This is from an iPhone
My top 5 (I love old school BTW)... Metallica - Orion, Megadeth - Good Mourning, Tool - H, Helmet - Unsung, Anthrax - Only
lol, sucks man!
Love watching #NoReservations on travel channel.
It's a sad day when America makes war on its own citizens exercising their constitutional rights to protest.
My guy best friend is awesome!(: lol. You know who you are(:
this is sum fuckin bull shit
Thanks, Dave! Just so you know, you were with us day we celebrated...margaritas on our dock w/ #Rays on radio :)
Seriously... OK, I'm only halfway under the covers, now... :)
Please DM me your email address.----Answer is yes
Thanks!! You too!!
i appreciate it homie!
Yes , i do realize im probably not talkin to anyone bt it made me feel a little better ^_^.
It's GORGEOUS! You'll love it, when are you planning your vacation?
Old school!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 2002 Rodney Dangerfield received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
OH, :o Then I don't go to that school xD
#thatakwardmoment when everyone in the class turns to stare at you when the teachers starts talking about slavery because your black.
Kill Bill
Nature sighting: 11 baby quail scratching, with mama and daddy on high alert. They already know how to dash from cover to cover.
On the road
nun much. Chilling :-) #allure tonight?
Bill Maher Chris Matthews Ed Schultz ought to be locked up together, naked, in the tower of babel.
Have you all heard about ? Please follow them for updates on their very valuable programs.
There are some nice live miles 5 recordings from 1960 w/Coltrane-Kelly-Cobbs-Chambers.
*knee slap*
yes im a girl and i play Xbox, dont spend 5 million hours on my hair, and most of my friends are guys... dont judge me :)
Had a blast last night at Ri'chard's...thanks to everyone who came out!
Church w/ my best friend in the morning :)
Mighty Shock Performance, SD Magazine 30th Year Gala - at the Bali Hai Restaurant
walked into my parents watching the hangover
great times at XS last night w/ mf superstars!
Check out the free show on Sat. at Voinovich Park. Modern Electric Chris Allen Craig Ramsey Many more all day.
One day, but not holding my breath.
Watching Man vs. Wild getting mentally prepared for
no worries, I'll have others. :)
Is it raining in downtown L.A.? Threes! STILL alive
God bless Texas!
that's because you murmur speak louder!!
not a smoker any more, so I don't have a lighter on me usually.Have one on both keychains, but sometimes they're out of reach.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is gonna get alot of people in trouble and alot of secrets revealed lol
OK, so SOMETIMES the lack of proofreading is a good thing: Message from "PayPal": "If you do not update the account will be Lemeted."
: Tweet your questions for Moshi Monsters CTO Toby Moore at Londata I tonight using
All the cool kids sit in Starbucks and work on sunday afternoon...
yes, but it's uber-nerdy
RT : Akin Gump named "Corporate Team of the Year" at the Legal Business Awards 2012...>>Congratulations !
She looks so good, somethin like a princess
Great idea! RT : What do you do when you have nothing to do until class starts? You give a tour of to a group of...
anyone wanna nice tweet from me? RT this and send #yay to me!
me:fat ass ; Nick delauder: stop i think i might go home and kill myself . godd tht boy is hilarious
I love it when I know something I'm not suppose to know.
Lets make a love song using our moans #sweetestsound i ever heard
So good to see you at the Chamber luncheon, Lee Ann!
Omfg... I now realize just how incomplete my life is. #carbonfiberishot btw, a friend is selling his F430 in case ur interested ;)
I just stacked a cutting board and a vase on top of this fool lol
