Glad u liked it! For the strumming,I just kind of made it up as I was playing.I can try to go into more detail later in a DM!
Amazing show Directed by Kwame Kwei-Armah: The Whipping Man. It was so powerful, I feel like I read a great book tonight.
will do. But am going to odd sessions this year. Be prepared
The actual MOVING of most of our THINGS is done ... now comes the fun part ... cleaning the old place & unpacking everything at the new.
sick cover though!
Yes! Can't wait to see what you build!
Listen to this CHINX DRUGZ:MURDA ONE lyrically comical i qoute " the chopper slumped him over like the number 7" ! Ha
BIG thanks to our fans for all your requests! Keep them coming and thanks for watching! We've got more Lizzie coming your way.
Having to be at work at 9:45 in the morning<
lmao I deal with that shit every weekend. Kids asking me for the hooks ups and aren't 21 Gtfo
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, greatly appreciated
I wouldn't do it myself I almost did but then went to a place
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) haha mine was yesterday :p
Oh My God! That would be amazing. Where are we all right now? Can we make a date for Azul in May? Or drink Mate?
Today I found out that my Monet reproduction was stolen from the studio. I guess I should take it as a compliment and thank whoever took it!
Time to get some Monday night drinking underway
DailyHookahTip#116: The vortex bowls are worth looking at for your hookah. They're designed to allow better air circulation.
yea I'm down to roll thru
Our Baby Turns 26 Tomorrow! Love ya!
if all that thinking had some semblance of order that CEO's like me could understand; perhaps apply in some practical way?
Hey ! Gym without you feels so empty. I Miss you! Hope your having fun though. c:
Oh, I love the Minis! They are so cute! I did love the drive... hm
Another good film. Watching these #Avengers cartoons, really has my mind racing at the potential for the future #Marvel movies.
oo sexy... we have 1200 fans!
RT In April, #Obama2012 raised $43.6 million across committees. Thanks to everyone who pitched in.
Pitino feels all kinds of pressure. He knows what's on the line. Id say yeah Kentucky has more pressure but saying UL has none is stupid.
We now have 200 unique items in the South Asian American Digital Archive!
Looking for dinner - location and company/fellowship?
Foundry Interactive is hiring a PM! If you're interested (or know anyone who is), let me know.
GOOD question!
You are funny too!
Air's 10,000 Hz Legend is a criminally underrated album.
nice tutorials. I'll be sure to check some others out later.
Send us a resume!
not feeling to good today :(
Great! let me know what info you need from me! :) +1
I hate that "quirky" is a thing now. Seems like it's code for "weird but not in a way that offends me or makes me want to beat up"
No such thing as easing into 18 hours
This weather makes me want to curl up with a good controller and bash in some pixellated skulls.
thanks so much :)
Maybe Foucault would be more appropriate? Good luck!
Thanks! Hope you have a delicious rest of the week!
an u let me play wit urs an u no it made me excited an it did him 2 gosh i fell lika fool lol but im ok
If you flapped those arms the way you flap your gums you really could fly. :)
Thank you, thank you, thank you! :)
I had checkers the other day. It was great too
Why is everyone assuming jelly bread will be 5.0?
People with the greatest problems create a stronger connection with you if they feel you provide them the solution.
Rest in Peace MCA. The Beastie Boys forever!!!
Excited to be speaking today for the #CLOWebinar on Building Learning Relationships for Mutual Benefit
#pacers win. now for #blackhawks to take the series by the horns
Great job at #refreshLeadership Wednesday, amazing speakers! BTW very cool illustrated profile pic
what ur doing
Make you background color "Black" to match the background image.
Four cops within two miles. Really?
I like texting till I fall asleep.
Haha be quiet but everyone should go follow her ;)
Read btwn the lines of music and literature @ #PENFest12's Opening Night w/ Kronos Quartet, Tony Kushner & Co.
LOL!! Look...He listens. I know this. :)
#imagine Liam leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
"John M. was very helpful! Knows the vehicles very well. His customer services is outstanding! Would work/buy from him in the future! The...
Good Luck, love the work you do supporting our planet.
why you!
I want a new company..please tell ur friend to follow me bck pls :p
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can talk to me about anything.
Taking out publication for me as a designer!
I believe that. This time spamming almost turned to sparring. And you know who would've won. Ever seen me fight? Me either.
Hello Twitter, we are Reveal Concepts and we want to make your business boom and your sales go through the roof.
Love how "stabilizing wormhole" is one of the progress bar steps while connecting to live chat
no 80's but I didn't fall! Its a win
I love Christmas and support putting outside lights up when the weather is warm but please don't turn them on yet! Thanksgiving comes first
just no Skyping in the bathroom. That would be evolving in the wrong direction.
Getting body wash in your eye so you cover up your eye with the hand that had the body wash in it in the first place smh did that yesterday
My poor #Pisces mind! Anyone else overwhelmed w/ sensitivity & creativity today?!?!? Not a fan, I have work to do!
Two Dark Knight showings, one District 9, one Empire Strikes Back. Just opened a can of Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout. Casino Royale next?
Happy Friday!! It's been a supercharged week. Looking forward to winding down for a relaxing weekend. My books are calling me......
At newbreak with "studying"
Rant Sport is looking for NBA bloggers for #Mavericks, #Lakers, #Knicks If interested, send direct message to
however it tastes like straight vomit. I wouldn't suggest it unless it's absolutely necessary. haha
Video Mount Products LCD-1CW Small (10-23″) Flat Panel Ceiling ...
I'm so ready for November.
did your number change? D:
I just want a cute guy to flirt with
Back in New York. Had a great weekend in Ohio despite freezing at the Spring Game.
Determined to know everything I can about diabetes. Time to get more involved with my brother.
Thanks to everyone who can out to support 1426 Academy. The models were fabulous. Thanks to Ashely Stewart Lauderhill Mall.
At this point you should just stay up all night!
double click on the home button and swipe to the right & there's a gray button there that adjusts it!
are you ready for destin in august?!?!
OH SNAP!!! Follow me if you're gonna see Paranormal Activity. I didn't expect it to be such a hit!!! FOLLOW ME YALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remember the band Life of Agony? Their singer Keith Caputo went through this a few years ago as well.
Henry Hynoski. Remember the name.
most people are probably talking about original UK version. MTV version was cancelled.
I read "Bringing up Bébé" on the flight home yesterday. Why was saying "no" to children such a surprise to the author? Also, to Americans?
The amount of Benadryl I would need to stop my nose from running & eyes from watering would certainly induce a coma.
thank you Colin
(While driving) Me- "Turn right Rube" Rube- "Blow cock"
How I hate wearing clothes.
DOWNLOAD DEZ NUTS
#NeverApologizeFor being ridiculously cliche. so what if a million other tweeters said not to apologize for being you? repeat it. NBD.
Pa what up
She tells me you're a Chola Pinup too. You goin' to the Viejitos Carshow? How bout Vaporfest on Friday?
My sister's car stereo is turrrrrible but she doesn't give a damn.
Happy International Women's Day ladies!
Looking forward to going to a game or two this summer while in Greenville.
"oh great! We're in a pull pocket zone" jack
RT if you have a boyfriend/girlfriend
Oh yeah: he's only around 4 lbs or so.
I have no idea but all I can do is b ready when called upon.
Threw Tasha mac
work and Money and avoiding these silly women lol let me ask you a question what is your ethnicity?
Camping on Madeline Island and kayaking around the sea caves this coming weekend. I may need to make a trip to beforehand...
#SadMomentWhen I dont have a Happy MLK Day because my Booty Call didnt show, she was home smoking the new Sun Drop chronic she scored
Commission is discussing Region 6--Central Valley wrap-up.
I'm not gonna get cocky
These people saying goodnite but they don't stop tweeting!
filtering it down to what's understandable for me-but also, it's designed to hide complexity from service consumers
Today in Milwaukee history. The win the #NBA Championship in Game 4 of the Finals. Milwaukee 118 - Baltimore 106.
Wacthing "Clash Of The Titians Diz My Movie lol i seen this in da movies with my neighbor i hate him now his too ugly
Just got out of my choir concert ! The outfit I had to wear (my costume) had sparkles all over it , and the sparkles won't get off me !
Work to hard in a car 4 hours a day so sometime I don't give a fuck! I never slow down!
Lol girl i be trying RT : get it in
- I woke up this AM and thought... ”I wonder how that cute doctor chick is doing”
Scary..: BREAKING: Virginia Tech reports gunman on campus, tells students, staff to stay inside and secure doors. - BW #breakingnews -BW”
2 auditions and then DAY #4 filming of feature film BROOKLYN BREACH in Brooklyn from 5-11PM.
You know anything with "Shakey" in its name is going to be full of old-timely hijinks
Drop her name, push it in and twist the knife again. Watch my face, as I pretend to feel no pain.
You're a good person. Hope she realizes!
Of course not... everybody knows its either Vladamir Putin or George Soros...duh. My money's on Soros....
penalty from heaven!!
That new trailer from last night blew me away. So ready.
yes, I believe retweets count!
i didnt think this book was soo sexual i feel like the girl; trying to breathe lmaooo :P
rock the ink Albuquerque Oct 8-10 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino
Opened my heart only to have to have to close it again.... Finding that special someone is so damn hard. Tired of being hurt.
Oh, there's no stopping it. It's chronic. Lol. :)
The additional medical spending due to obesity is double previous estimates & exceeds those of smoking. WE r responsible 4 #change!
part 16 up!! feedback??
Pandora right now >
A hero needs a villain and we have some damn nasty ones.
There aint shit abnormal about any of that shawty.
text me how we needs to talk
#19 Olivier House Hotel - New Orleans, LA
Love my high heels, Sunday I was 5'11" in super sexy shoes. Need them to stand next to someone 6'4! Wish I was really tall without shoes!
twins follow these kids they are working hard everyday
Dude...If you haven't had an accident, but you still text and drive, you're not "a safe driver." You're a DANGEROUS driver who's just LUCKY!
Vanessa is pretty, but awful at PA
Have a great weekend too!
One short of 200 come on people ;)
what quote?!
There's a kid at school, and for the talent show he's singing Ring of Fire...He deserves the highest of fives...
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help. ~ Abraham Lincoln
feel like those 2 words arent good enough 4 how GREAT today is for you *sending u hugs & smiles* #TodayIsAboutYou :D
maybe we'll try counseling in the near future. Lol
Red Knight Costume
Okay. $500. But I get a 10% for every week he lasts beyond a year, maxing out at $1,000.
Powerful, thanks for posting.
Three plays, all passes | For 14, 24 and | 38 yards... WOW! |
A focus on innovation distracts people from finding things that work. -Kentaro Yokama
'SAYSOMETHING if your feeling the vibe 'SAYSOMETHING baby don't be so shy'<3 <3
yoga vs. beer...which will win on this Friday evening?
Win Or Lose tonight Miami fans won't be good sports and say we played a good game! Y'all just OuttaFuckinOrder.
Made cupcakes all morning with momma, now it's time to treat ourselves to lunch and margaritas! El Camino, here we come!!
cleaning up my followers list -- if you're still using twitter and want to exchange tweets, please give me a mention or a message. Thanks!
Scratch that the person who invented cookie dough ice cream is my new hero!
meeting tomorrow night! lot's to talk about hope to see you all there!
MG WHERE
Gf cones tomorrow, I'm excited
My Hair is getting Longer. Yayy (:
girl, I'm not even suppose to be on here, No calls or texts on house arrest.
Happy Friday!
Tonight at your music week starts with Eric Martinez, Paul Cohen and Andy Clapp
"Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia."
thanks! She'll appreciate that :)
Wonder if they'll keep doing the brewers cup if Andy is the only won who ever wins? He's won both years the competition has existed.
did you graduate or still got one more year?
“: Spent my graduation with the people I love the most (: ❤ #IAppreciateYou” congrats!!
Its so sad to think about someone taking their own life. No one should ever feel like they would be better off dead...
I want to see Chris Evens like now!!
It's a great place. I love the casual feel. In a city that's hard to be casual in.
as a dude is pretty hawt :D
what's this guy's deal?
Halloween masks shaped like skulls. Day of the Dead altars. Revel with the spirits at Mingei Int'l Sat,11-3. Kids to 12 free with adult.
- answer- EATING them!
The New Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: Jessica Jarrell and Cody Simpson? - Gather Celebs News Channel
I'd take NE vs SD from '07 instead. JMO
Congratulations to Dwyane! Best wishes from !
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicted already!" by Linda
LA Times writers revisit their '92 riots observations - LA Observed
ENDLESS CAVE OF REVERB & DELAY
I get shipped with Louis like 75% of the time.
Really? I found it SO boring the second time.
Nothing like a little Bad Romance to get your day going.
It's Monday; that's enough for me to have a margarita!
Thanks for the
Big shout out to thanks for the love and oppertunity to sing and be judged. Help a lot. Let's get it!
dare I ask which innovation you see? (or is it the ability to convince venture capitalists that there's money to make in fixing edu)
:( I've read of married architects becoming homeless men divorced fromprostitutes due to medial frontal lobe injury...verysad
I'm never going to say anything again and I mean it too
thank you do much for the love!!! I really appreciate it!!!
little tortilla boy
Bitch you shoulda never tried some stupid shit like that you know them type of dudes don't play. Fuck is wrong wit you
shut up, bitch. you're fat, ugly as shit & annoying AF.
looks like my mechanic but with Jimmy Walkers body.
Head over to our Facebook page to vote for this week's Beach body Blast winner!!
The only way to stay true is to be you and I'm 100
yes u can get it v son :bllllll
What do you think about adobe Premiere?I agree the new final cut sucks.
I can't wait until Leah starts crawling. She's so precious!!! (:
Hi John-Appreciate the tweet. And you're right this is indeed all Joe's fault. Keep spreading the word.
that's dumb haha jk. She didn't know you were coming?
I have to say, they did fix some of the stuff in MW2 1/2
Stop assuming the worst in people.
Megan McCain is my kind of Republican and I am a Democrat, bravo to her
she got a hug
Sometimes it takes a good fall, to know where you stand.
What will you be wearing? - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
FLOOR MAGNET!!
well since minecraft is now on xbox live i probably wont be paying for my minecraft server for pc anymore so ill be getting a vent instead
oh kay kay
on the way to society nightlife downtown for comedy show 9-11 and edm till 2 then talk to me about the after party 18 and up
If they don't perform 'Moments' for their world tour next year, someone will get hurt.
your photos are moving and kinda blow my mind honestly. That is why I retweeted. Thank you for sharing!
I am so jealous of you...
can I come over ?
Good night, all! A lot of writing to be accomplished tomorrow beginning at 6:30 am. Love&Peace. RDW
I know:/ I miss you!
Great Monday morning.... VT Hokies play today in Miami... Lets go Hokies
omg, I've started adding a smiley to mails where I rag on someone ... must. stop.
Miss America 2012 haily best for nc and bree boyce for sc I wil take both to win
I'm already following beautiful
good luck with your prezi. i am a fan!
Yes, A weakness of Wordpress is that it doesn't let you see the tweet so that you can add hashtags. Don't know RE: scoopit
thanks so much for your tweet about the girls, they're jumping up and down in heaven right now!
BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD!!! Im so excited!
Tonight at ten on -- watch our investigation reveal how Wisconsin criminals are getting around a state and federal drug law.
GOD BLESS YOUR FRIEND MAY HE REST IN PEACE!!!
And of with my Enterprise modeling skill set complimented with a love writing and word....
well I hope everything is good, im doing great. Fighting on friday for legacy at 125lbs
I got a c in mentoring
So many ppl getting hurt on the train for the Beats headphones, IPhones, IPads, etc. Here is a suggestion on the train hide that ish. Trust!
new mixtape coming...
I need to start sun dress shopping.
"Believe you can and you'll be halfway there."
lolololol so true
let's do it..I'm bad, but it's always fun
lol i only spoke the truth
Party in my bed. Who's coming?(:
We wish all those who celebrate this weekend a very meaningful and joyous holiday. Merry Christmas!
Both of Us Remix.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe: Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
happy st. pat's day kris! have fun!
I'm not sure :( but that would be great if they did that!
Sure, just don't break the bank doing it.
I have been getting a lot of followers recently...Have I have been featured in some way? It sure isn't because of my abundance of widsom!
Cats went to the bar, but I worked out early today. I can't be just leaving out at 11 pm. I'll take a nap in the bar. Hahaha
sorry but I didn't get it can u actually tell me what it was supposed to mean
I'm wondering the same thing. Keep hearing good things about MailChimp though.
Me too!! “: have to love Angel by TM..”
totally agree we need the younger voice the old guard needs to go
RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...
Cool... Hmm I wonder what I'd say lol
oh i see how it is
In the living room snacking on #gourmet trail mix from Gary & Kit's Gourmet - makes us want to go for a #hike!
When the moon hits your eye like a big-a pizza pie, That's amore...
IMH, Only Fred Astaire can dance on his movies & still look totally manly
>Anyone else use Gmail Tasks? I love it. It is dead simple, but enough. using Chrome extns and iPhone link, it's always there
After changing my transmission, exhaust AND starter then fixing cooling lines, guess what? Dead Battery!
Another jersey to the recycle bin enjoy p rivers.
Hi there! I merged my accounts...glad you found me :)
Good Morning Beautiful
dude. Those are like real things in Cali. I was watching some show sometime where they were doing it. So awful.
isn't that Ba-rock... They will promise a lot and deliver nothing like our president
Great run around Fenway today! Love the buzz around the park
Happy Valentine's Day to all photographers. (ok, even the non-photographers too) :)
: Guess that means it's here to stay!
ugh my day shall begin sooner or later
You're not ever going to get it done. At the same time you are achieving the result that you intended, you also achieve a new perspective...
Saw this and i downloaded it too. #Purim RT : At Megillah reading. Just downloaded a grogger app. Totally serious.
Dear conservatives: Dagny Taggart got laid all the time & she was AWESOME. Promiscuity? It's called freedom. Maybe you've heard of it.
bitch you on twitter but you can't text back
well, I was already planning to attend if that makes you feel better! :)
&quot;Dancing with the Stars&quot;: Jaleel White out after dance duel - CBS News
I just told that if I were going to be in Hillcrest I would know where 2 go, but I have to stay in LJ
RT : Office Depot served roast duck to Tony.
Are you a #DrawSomething addict? Check out for some good laughs! -CJ
it's a beautiful morning!!!!
I have trouble doing top 20 now. I can only get to 13, which is the number of shows I've given a 10 to.
Feeling creatively trapped by four walls..need some open space, sky, stars..something to get the creative juices going!
may be up that late studying on sunday night. doctoral exams looming... can't wait to hear the teachers on air!
RT : Boo. Sbarkes said it was open on their website today. Not open till 10. *the dog wash place?*
your comment on that fb photo is exactly why i tagged you -- celebrate TOSSEDNESS.
when does it drop?
One time to turn to you
The Blue Button Initiative & Health Data Initiative are two government programs that are helping to revolutionize healthcare.
On Sunday, a Live Blog of Super Bowl Ads (Including Some You Haven't Seen Before)
I have torn my car apart to find out WHY it smells like garlIc-no bulbs that rolled out of a grocery bag, nothing
haha good job :)
Because I'm highly passive-aggressive, novel-length text msgs will be answered with one word. Every time.
No one can go back and make a brand new start, however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
I already sold them lol
Received enormous amount of email, re: ReaderKidZ, DUKE giveaway. I didn't respond to emails, but everyone was entered. Appreciated support
got that basketball practice tommorow
Tuesday night we're all headed to the Food Bank. Come join us for a few hours of doing good things. Then, we're off to Valhalla to do more!
thanks for retweeting us! :D
Chariots of Fire won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1981. I hated that song.
Tuesday busy busy busy
you sound all educated an smart lbs u learn something new every day
that means i gotta to Canada all the time!:)
If you were to ask me "are you a door to door window salesman with a pony tail?" and I said no, I'd be lying.
Umm DO NOT TEXT AND DRIVE it is illegal. Pay attention to the road
Not watching nearly as many movies this year has turned out to be somewhat of a relief. The dishes get done, the laundry is clean...
loved tonight's rerun- marathon man against Jeremy's car.
Q1..lots of interactivity and gaming..make it engaging!
Getting ready to go to Marion :)
priorities...askew
we are having a game night tomorrow! Taboo! Lol!
I can't even keep count with all the followers Justin is getting. #22million!? Geez I remember #6million and some remember #45000. <3
Jessica Alba ’s Next Role: Book Author
I clean my shit
All my music on itunes just erased .
up the Dubs! Now I have to find a pub showing it.
Hey can you arrange for me to buy some killer seats upfront, I checked and front tickets are unavailable. :-(
miss u much!!!!
DANG MAMA !! Please Let Me Go #I Swear Thats What I Be Talkin About
Today is going to be a longg day :/ ,oh well....
Haha. It really does. Lmao. NOM made me laugh. xD I love it to, and thank you Zerran.
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. - Ray Bradbury
I love that song :)
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
Joe is up north with the boys so It was ladies night + Owen. I think he likes ladies night.
really? We dont even have butter?
what about hardy boys or nancy drew? maybe boxcar children?
Thanks for the <3, Susan!!
No, but I like the idea. I feel consumed by alerts and inboxes...I definitely long for attentive conversations! Have you?
Seriously, that's what every Boston fan says about their teams even if it's complete and utter bullshit.
Issue 4 coming soon. Includes work by & noteworthy
We're thinking of trying to capture some of the flavors of Thai massaman (cardamom, coconut milk, cinnamon, etc) in a cocktail
What's up with Obama pushing for Reid? Does Reid have some TMZ info on the Prez or what?
It's weird how my mom and girlfriend text
I was only listing SF companies!
Watching couples fight at Ikea makes me happy that I will die alone.
#AMA's... here we go... got my sour cream and onion chips:)!
Great meetings in San Bernardino & Anaheim. Now in San Diego for a couple more!! I luv SD but HI is calling us!
thank you (:
Totally! Except #32 cause everyone knows that She-Ra was the long lost twin sister of He-Man. ;)
Paul Ryan: debt crisis on our horizon if stay on path we're on. The president's budget makes is a lot worse
It almost startles you into speeding. It so creepy!
RT : Munchin on some grindich from - curry goat, chicken parties and a refreshing Ting.
Screen testing remarkable student actors @ Leon High.
I could use some donuts!!!!
Everyone tweeting #C19 is attending the Pecha Kucha panel.
gone to hell since you left. jk shouldn't make jokes
Before starting a job pound your client's brain for what they REALLY want so you're not stuck doing extra unexpected work
Lol you're rude annoying and selfish 👏
YES!!!! I am ready for my fortune
Yes, they have succeeded in making this about the "bad" teachers
If you haven't already... go follow me on Instagram >BriBriJets<
High school is shit i wish I could go back to kindergarten-.-
Miami Marlins New Stadium Opening Night tonight!
wonderin' how my friend is feelin' about visiting my backyard today?
Today only! Get a dozen chef's choice OR choco chip OR chocolate dough with white choco chips for $8 plus tax! Good luck studying! Please RT
amazing! You???
Hitting the books studying for the NARI Certified Remodeler exam.
Good to hear! There were a lot of great submissions!
OH.. im sure
yeah goodnight
On the set...what the hellls going on?!?!
Archaic Age Greece begins with writing around 750 BC. Greece was not apart from the Near East as now acknowledged by classicists reluctantly
Can we make a date to watch something else instead?
space tigers... they want in!
#Hoosiers don't know what's coming I've never been so hyped for a game. UK +15 baby. F Hoosier nation they can't play outside assembly hall.
I had one of his boards back in the day(Wednesday). It was stolen, but one of my favorites. He on twitter?
Great shoot tonight with the cast of Macbeth at The Barn Playhouse in Norristown.
yea same here, might actually go to the m&g but that'll be it
Agree, we use Allergy Eats; consumer reviews help make things easier
aw thanks!
You're a doll. Thanks so much!
At age 7, Louis Armstrong taught himself to play while in a home for juvenile delinquents- InSpotter app
Of course you can come by! You have my cell, right?
"Riddles of the Sphinx" and "Building Pharaoh's Ship" on tonight! Then learn more about who built the pyramids bit.ly/kv5ASN
My boyfriend says that I treat him like a child. So i gave him a lollipop for suckering himself
still going strong with attendance? We pulled about 115 to last months monthly man.
are you gonna do one last performance before fiesta ends?
BTW the twitter dashboard of ubn is code from thinkupapp.com. If u want to see yr tweeps in a cool new way, DM.
I'd check out a Foo Fighters show.
Great article by Brian Solis! thanks for posting the link.
guess what... I JUST HEARD 11:11 ON THE RADIO!!!!!!!
I've only been peripherally involved and not among those camping. Will find someone better. Email
NOW that's COMEDY!!! LMFAO... Super Cute Too!!!
Sleep in past 6 a.m. for the first time in weeks? Or wake up early and hit the flea market?
Are you going to post pics of your outfits?
Your iMessage sucks.
Hope's story is truly touching and made me happy. Wonderful lessons on teams - thank you for sharing!
sheldon is going to poop himself, that's all i know.
Too early to comprehend
Oh don't forget Twitter Fam if you follow me I'll follow you back x).
Gonna have fun today with the girls, but wish things could be okay with my boyy:/ could make my day kinda suckk.
This semester has been great for grading. Latest "scales from my eyes" moment: discovering VLOOKUP in Numbers.
-> -> -> another gem: leave footprints. because we can.
you is sexy ass nigga I would fuck u
Who the fuck would be up this early? Oh yah me:/
jeez my head hurts
My day was long,,, it's not over yet,,, i got massive homework to do,,,
Elves for all! I will leave them scotch and fine chocolate!
My car smells like cranberry & vodka! >:o lol
Totally stoked to find out that got some help from a librarian. Go you! :-) /
Looks like Jersey Shore is returning. To end the season, the cast will make a suicide pact, and slowly walk off the shore...into the ocean.
Heeyyyy...you actually have an #IMDb Producer page!! Sweet.
have a great race day!! Go24!!!
Just checking in and letting you know is releasing a brand new song! Keep supporting!!!! :)
Quote for the day... “The brain does not create consciousness, but consciousness created the brain.” -Eckhart Tolle.
here we go... ABC breaking news...
Tip: Putting something into the Trash or the Recycle Bin doesn’t delete it. You have to "empty" the Trash or Recycle Bin.
Wish I was there too!
Parking is in either of the lots provided. We validate your tix, but cannot if you valet.
Start your whining now...LOL...no goal!
Love that profile pic! You look great and you're still going strong! Vegas show was hot!!
Thx! We can't wait either...but first, the writing. I'm whipping to get started :)
Where is my knight in shiny armor to come save me and take care of business for me this time, I promise I will do the next round;)
So many people at my school are dating that you never thought would....
thank you so much !
Son sitting next to me with phone beeping. Coincidentally only when I tweet the word 'fuck'. Check 1, "fuck", check 2 "fuck", check, check!
#childhoodmemories thinking destiney child, and charlies angels was the same group(:
I'm sorry for your loss. I miss him too.
“ Done with freshman year !” ' Ikr!!
Thanks for RT about my review of YA book CALLI - getting the word out about great YA books!
The redline is amazingly backed up.
How about those #New #Years #Eve #Resolutions??
I'M JUST.... AT A LOSS FOR WORDS...
Just because your world stops doesn't mean everyone else's does.
Bored as fuck
Aww - thanks, girlfriend!
GO BOBCATS!
The Bulls lose in the First Overtime. Great season guys, keep your heads up, you had a great season! Thank you
A hardy Red Vine, disco ball, peanut butter and bacon sandwich welcome to our newest members! Peace Out!
eh, you're prob right. i always find it funny how the so-called "moral" don't get their immorality. so ironic
During #civilunions debate here, surprsd by KDVR-Fox31's sympathetic reporting. If Fox moving w/culture maybe u should too
29 Days, 23 Hours, and 56 Minutes until one of our favorite traditions, The Battle of Lexington! Men's & Women's Bball v. John Jay. It's on.
TOTALLY #VEGAN if you just eat around all the meat! seems to be uninterested in this awesome conversation.
Working on developing more blended learning and social media into Sales Training
Science class..
Men are smarter then women.
discovered brokencyde last night. I think my soul died a little.
sorry about the delay had a busy weekend but I'll work on them asap thanks :)
Going to get #Starbucks since is coming to help me pack today!!! #movingblows it's too pretty out
(NWS) SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTH CENTRAL OTERO COUNTY IN SOUTH CENTRAL NEW MEXICO UNTIL 8:30PM.
Ughh! Bitch is nasty
Dave Cornell is talking about removing the boulder of paralyzingly fear blocking our way - finding the cracks and chipping away.
has the most awesome hair...I shall steal it before the night is over. By steal I mean "take a really awesome picture of..."
It's excellent!
my birthday is this coming Saturday:D can I get a early happy birthday to?! <3333333 (:
What fashion figure from the 1920s lives in a world full of wonder? They call her Flapper, Flapper . . .
You are pretty early (or late) for your midnight breakfast!
all the #whitneyhouston on the radio is bringing me back to recording myself singing her songs into my playskool recorder as an 8 yr old
Certainly does not excuse his prior actions in slave trading. I do believe in new starts & forgiveness. Thanks for bringing it up.
Just remember, that every girl before me was a mistake, & every girl after me is a downgrade.
No Guidos in this organization.
RIP Donna Summer. what a tragedy
So glad to see president Obama speaking out in support for same sex marriage. If I could vote, you'd have my vote!
That was a walk in the park compared to a romantic comedy
Excellent! Congratulations!
This job makes me swear.
still no info. Police are staying tight lipped about it. Not sure why. I'm still working the phones to get some answers.
He probably was gay...
you know you had FUN when you CANT tell your parents what you did
100 articles skimmed. 618 to go.
missing your presence at #SMBAustin this morning. Great event with with
I'm too hungry!
Family guys is too funny
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
Hey Josh! Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Thx for the follow!
Looking forward to reading for you today! Thanks for bringing me in!
just got in from aahm meeting. Not tonight! Jazzanova concert!
You know a good friend when talking to them is like a breath of fresh air.
The mom with the accent and her daughter are too much already
it's funny because me and my mom were in Mexico 2 years ago and we met a mother daughter there. Anyway they are sort of (c)
BTP is now offering half price tickets to Friday night SHORTS. Theatreproject.org
tell me about it, but then again that can get a bit confusing..lol
or he would kick your ass up and down the street
It's even harder when you hear them setting up on the other side of the wall! See you tonight!
Excited to have just purchased a pro account! Do you have an iphone app in the works? THAT would be key.
Agreed. #DharunRavi probably could have easily avoided prison with the plea bargain.
is it cuz u got a job, congrats on that btw :)
...and that makes me think twice about it.
No one will Skype me -.-
Josh is singing one of my all time favorite song YOU RAISED ME UP?! O.O i am done...
I Miss You TO .
me freaking too.
...would anyone like Alice and Wonderland on a baseball besides me?!
Boom! Yes, Seamus shouldn't distract from the real issues! RT : Agreed...I think history of...
No, Hidden was my first! Thanks for the recs.
although, FWIW, it is not a respected newspaper. Considered gossipy trash. :(
same here. waiting for a Beer Hoarders show.
WriteAdvantage Thanks for following us. We're following you back!
We need a table in each session "reserved" for bloggers/tweeters who need a powerstrip.
I'm making Chicken Enchiladas recipe from Dallas. Would ❤❤❤Love the spinach dip recipe!
Man I am so sleepy I was sketching and drifting off. been a long day for this old man.
Reminder going into summer with hot nights, lock windows shut at night, especially on street level!
Another 12 hour marathon?!
Happy Easter to all
can't get Kentucky Basketball off my mind, can't wait for Saturday
oh no, forgot your lunch? AH!!!!!
What us the deal?? We have over $1,000 in the B 97 piggy bank with Get Loaded!!! Somebody's gonna win!!
Bears take Oregon St safety Brandon Hardin with 79th overall pick - Washington Post
In the trunk punk, we bouncin' to Jamaica Queens funk / An' inside the blunt 121 skunk!!!!
Been making vanilla lattes at home every day. Decided to try vanilla soy milk instead of nonfat. 1/2 the sugar and it tastes the same! Yay!
I know how you feel my dad and I dont get along either,i get in trouble basically every day if u ever need to talk im here 4u
It is the best thing ever...but, what is that filter?! looks spiffy.
After a great win over the 'Nucks, 'Hawks get destroyed at home. Why can't we beat the Preds? :(
FIVE days until and I land on Haitian soil! Make sure you follow to stay updated.
heading to murfreesboro today!
LIKING ALL OF KAT VON D'S PICTURES ON INSTAGRAM OF HER CAT BECAUSE SHE'S AMAZING.
Liz La Point is looking mighty cute today!
thank you, same to you :-)
Since like none of us are going to the JMOMS, we should go to... (cont)
I designed 6 T-Shirts yesterday. Is that possible? HAHA!
entertain me?
Multiple page resume's are mostly seen in professions in science dealing with publications
What happen to Lisa Turtle she look terrible.. she used to be so beautiful
If you have Siri or have access to it, please ask it "what is the meaning of life?" Christina and I just died laughing.
I heard you died. Is that true?
We love you too!
semi time! !!
let me kno by da end of da month...start preparen now to stay a weekend down here...we gon have too much dam fun..i promise u
also the Sox aren't handling this well at all. If the Rochie report is true, that adds more fuel to the fire.
we do, indeed.
it was like 80something and now it's getting cool
any news show
You should make this in a boys tee too. Some boys like Dirty Dudes too you know.
Girls Sleepover: Expectation: PILLOW FIGHT!!! Reality: " Pass the Doritos Beeotch"
Stitcher is a great app for finding podcasts - where do they come up w/ these names?
The pastry case at makes me wish it was my birthday---every day
please follow me :D 24
i would like to attend SXSW this year. An interactive badge costs $650... hm
LOL! Yeah, glad Bill Self ain't in UK's locker room!
Believe in life and #neversaynever life is worth it!!!
U should follow plzz it would mean the world to me:))
Realistically? I bet it will end when the rain starts to come on the daily.
RT : S/O to all 1,300 of my followers by the name of 'Jasmine' or 'Jazmine'-*waves*
Me album sounds mint
Gotta go for the throat! No #FireSpaz offense!
going to the mall tomor before i go to six flags
Per Vicent Llopis: Pippity is a people pleasing popup WP pluggin to get people to subscribe while on your site.
Would peace !!!!! Just shiitted on westbrook !
Of course the high is only 74 the day I'm laying out
Then we played pool at my house tonight. I lost twice. Almost lost once. It was good fun though. I learned that physics is a butthead.
RT : RT : Idea for a funny scene: while giving birth to a baby, a woman shouts at her husband.
hahaha that's quite possibly the geekiest thing I'll hear all day - but I love it! :)
Oh how I long to get your book here in the States. Seeing as how is so close.
NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself, bitch!
Busy here tonight :) love it!
The Captain Planet cartoon was ahead of its time...
looks familiar ;_;
Just wrote a new kick ass song on the piano ... u know ur jealous :p
lol oops he knows I'm sorry.
Einstein: We have reversed the relationship between the sacred intuitive mind and the rational mind...
Hold the phone. No buzzer bucket. Butler at the line with a chance to win.
oh no! Lil Gucci?
So I definitely got an B on a paper that I completely bullshitted and I'm pretty sure I did well on the exam
My bad! But now that you know, I don't have to tell you that Benedict Cumberbatch wins Most British Name EVER. lol
New trend alert: bands at tech startup conferences. It works if they're witty and versatile.
I'm diggin tats!
On the air, broadcasting LIVE from 3pm-3am TODAY!
Not necessarily a dif, but a biz owner may treat their co like a job, whereas a true ent. will develop income streams.
We're installing a limestone driveway in the historic Heights. Would your house look great with a new driveway? Call us to discuss options!!
R's don't care what O's supposed "celebrating" means 2 the presidency. This is the politics of ENVY. O succeeded. They Failed.
PS For those of you not in our area - we will be able to send them out in the mail as soon as we get our Paypal going :)
Keep my pnuts out yo mouth...and my sweater
POLL: When #KinkOnTap returns, what would you be most interested in? A) News roundup. B) Interviews. C) Audio seminars. D) All of the above.
get on her for me son
no bullshit stood up and fukk off a brand new pair of socks she got me sis
Tonight! Andrew Jackson Jihad, Philadelphia, and The Theoretical Monkeys at the Hi-Tone.
nice meeting you! had to sneak out - sorry for not saying 'bye'
Hate people that talk about basketball that have no idea what their talking bout
yup! go garry!
So we know the card is near bam in brooklyn, here's a street address: rockwell ave!!
California here we come! Pilc Moutin Hoenig playing Bad Ass Music (initials anyone?). Very excited, can't wait to see you there.
love your acting on greys anatomy
this is me every time i get my period lol D=
. One honest question I have: Why was the "compression" editorial decision reported as *news* in 2012?
I wish my school would burn down. Jesus christ that would be wonderful.
I want a fucking iPhone and I will get it I always get what I want best believe
thank you for those kind words. The Lord is working thru u this morning, my mom has been gone 25yrs, miss her
I tell my frends to blame bc he got me obsessed with #SaySomethin !!!! 😊😊😊
thank you! Clara is amazing. Can't wait for you to meet this future femgineer. ;)
We disabled a bunch of modules that we aren't using, that seems to have helped the problem (at least for now).
While "thinking what I really think" last night, I had this wonderful dream.
There's a chick using her laptop while she's jogging on the treadmill.
omg i dont want them to leave
Wtf cartoons be on nowadays?!?
people should know that your sexual preference its just a lil part of you. you still the same person.
you practically walked me home last night. Thank you
Well hey there to you my fellow Long Islander!
RT if you wish you lived in Texas so that you could randomly meet Austin on the street.
My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants. ~J. Brotherton
It's Not Easy Walkin In Stilettos! But Somebody Gotta Do It!! (:
En route to NOLA w/ & early!
The Bellmen will be playing several times during
"He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him who sent me." John 12:44
Just got pulled over AGAIN for going 50 in a 35 and did not get a ticket AGAIN. Trust, I know how to talk to police.
Don't focus on the obstacles, focus on the opportunities.
haha i thought you were talking about me before i saw the gossip girl, ahah. gotta love
getting ready for tomorrow
Sorry if I said something wrong, because I do not speak English. I am Brazilian, I speak Portuguese. Sorry same. :)
how is your morning going ? ILY
that was great! lol
#artedsymp Vivian Alvarez using comics to help promote healthy conversations about self morbidity with teens
CBM Meteorologist is now on Twitter! Follow her!
when do I get to come watch a halftime show?
Sunday fun day in Broad Ripple! What's everybody up to??
$702.6 million — The amount of non-airline revenue O'Hare generated in 2010. Just over a third of that came from concessions.
That was painless. Nothing like 10 minutes of people laughing at you.
That's OK. Get's him out of the central! Fear the Dear!
SKIP Drake.. The PARTY is at EPIC tonight!! 5&7pm
Tonight! : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies and this afternoon, : Silversun Pickups
I'm being serious!
RT if you're planning on sipping on #MintJuleps at The Echo during the #KentuckyDerby this Saturday!
more like damn run away !
Who Tryna Buy A PS3, $150?
hey Brooklyn
GO FOLLOW , AND ME PLISSS!!
Took the youngest's pacifier away starting last night. Man, that was a cruddy night's sleep...
I know it's just February 22, but I have the worst spring fever today. The sunny gardens at are calling my name!
Maybe you should wake up early and check out its a lot smarter political discourse where liberal is alive and well
It's about time register with ! Who's with me?
We understand the SENSITIVITY & IMPORTANCE of medical deliveries. We deliver to hospitals, medical centers, clinics, & even LTC facilities
Big Things Coming!!!
I don't know why everyone doesn't sell covered calls its like low risk free money.
FWIW, I always have the up-to-date WP. And did.
Track meet 😜
whatchu talking about? The tilapia? I cooked it. :)
Baby get familiar with the order
The magic number is '3' :D~
I was also listening to when I fell, scraped my knees & R pelvis. It's all your fault Marc!!!!
Bush all day
I know it's a little early, but I'm already declaring #TeamHatfield. #HistoryChannel That mini-series looks AWESOME! ~Brian
... That's right. It's an All Star Sunday on 106.7 Kiss FM. EJ the DJ comes in after Brooksie. Listen to Emily NOW.
take it easy, love nothing.
Okay, yup. BLAIR CHOSE CHUCK!!!!! Bout dang time. C'mon season 6! C'mon Chair wedding!
Thanks! Glad you liked it!
thanks for the RT
Got a #haircut may daughters say I now look like #DoratheExplorer and
Shonda is The Queen of Drama!!
The worst feeling ever? Knowin that no matter what u do u can't change how someone feels about u...sucks!
Wishes everyone a safe and Happy Holiday Season and New Year!
Dear Craigslist apartment ads. Why even bother putting up an ad if you "haven't gotten around to taking pictures yet?" Seriously!
um....what? If you think I can just drop the N bomb and get ratings...you know eff-all about radio and should stick to...whatever
Like you, I'm just here to help. =)
Already. Mommy shit to the crib, had me looking good on film lol
- Just watched it again on SportsCenter...Congrats!
I performed a 3 week tour in South Africa last May. I'm really looking forward to coming back, hopefully soon!
this is my first twitter and I'd like it if you were my first follower <3 your amazing!
Samehere I know this season we can make it to the playoffs win the world series :)
Quote of the day: Do for one, what you wish you could do for all!
mommacat is just gonna have to deal
Trying to install iPhone 3.0 but it isn't working .... :(
Christians are freaks.
I can vouch for the Little Jake - it sounds so much better than the Telex, which I've heard a number of people use.
just tapped, Brewing Single Batch Off-Pistle Pale Ale (replaces Idoit Sauvin Manic IPA Series)
Wish it was no such thing of rain
Netflix on the couch for the rest of the night!
#loyalsaturday Criss have u ever read someones mind or speak to them telepathically?
I've got a few unique marketing ideas for my architecture firm. Interested? I can send you some info.
mum when are you back on the air? I miss u guys!
Thanks for coming on the tour today! You were a fun group!
it's April 22nd :)
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I've been hearing it a lot lately.
how am i "trippin"?
We demand to dance like nobody is watching!
#BeatPhoenix!!! Need one soon before it gets to heart attack time!
no way! She'll be creeped out. Shot her through a window while shooting a cheese assignment across the street.
MY BOOBZ HURT 
That awkward moment when you accidentally answer a call you were trying to ignore."
Excited to play with Tonight at Portside in (Canton) Baltimore to kick-off St. Patty's Day wknd!
Hope all goes well at SXSW!
I love today's Google Doodle. Happy birthday, Keith. I still miss you, even all these years later.
Be unique , just like everyone else .
im with Ya PUERTO RICO all the way lols :D
Shitty wind is gonna piss my dick off today.
lucky you ;)
Do not promise if you do not believe that it will fulfill the promise,because the pain you cause the other,sooner or later come back to you.
“: "A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men."”amen sir!!
Ya RT : Aye baby, I gotta plastic bag, wanna fuck?
Coffee debacle! The coffee machine is making high pitched whoopee cushion sounds! No! Not today!
We agree with you. Apps can have features that make being social simpler
sounds good man
#Santigold...that is all.
Do it! RT Thinking about watching tonight on demand. What do you think ?
i haven't seen anything about it... hahaha
cant wait to go back home to my lil bro, my dogs and my truck<3
i love pizza rolls
Thanks. They've turned into a bigger investment of time than I really intended. Probably ought to be doing more books instead.
Just found $10 outside American Apparel. Bonus for me. Sadness for some hipster
your cash and your jewelry is what I expect!
"What rough beast slouches towards Bethlehem to get civil unioned."
Wear good shoes for your hoofing to the movies! ;)
Someone in congress was real excited about protecting us against #cyberthreats. Who was that? Any mention of our
Ashton and Hanson could be body double
the rain stopped and the sun is out it may just be a good day after all
I'm ready to settle down
The Hunger Games was awful...
Soo a lady is watching us in family dollar lmao is it because we black?!
You dream about, I make it happen cause I'm about it!, (Athlete talk baby!)
. "sending out a tweet with a typo." = typocasting
yes! Me too!
have you tried redirecting with exercise?
I bought red pants just like Louis!!! And I have suspenders :] Just waiting to buy my striped shirt ^.^
Holy smokes!
i think i forgot to bring a pencil :o
Totally! I was really impressed!
Pissed I can't get "December" ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr
Real Talk! i like!
Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you shall glorify Me. ~Psalm 50:15
'cause I'm ugly as hell. #uglypeopleproblems why you single fo ma? you lookin' gewd!
Where you at nigga?!
Eating, drinking and being MERRY!
Time to feed
Just gotta get through this day then gunna go with baby jesse to get his new tattoo!(:
very cool, we gotta get you in studio sometime! Coach v Coach with James Galanis!
I love the charade of watching congress applaud calls to reform their own corrupt, unethical, & self-interested fecklessness.
Apparently, if you get arrested tweets count as "1 Call". That being said, could someone please text my wife and let her know I'll be late?
You can't simply argue that the #SEC had more picks in history, because the #B1G didn't have 12 teams until this year.
Yay, officially off work and have my birthday weekend awaiting!!! Bout 2 go get my hair did and start the festivities!!!!!!! #ASAP ;)
you. are. welcome.
Setting a goal and early New Year's Resolution... Hawaii Writer's Conference in 2011 or bust!
A picture says a thousand words... But are they saying the right ones...?
Headed to the gym
famous for being the Haganiest
I'm on the next level already so...... Get on my level #Bitch (:
sorry to hear about your spring break at the hospital. Take care!
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart. It's 'cause your supposed to go through life & find the other half.
thanks for the follow!! Hope you like our music!!
Reading "The Paris Edition" an autobiography of Waverly Root - an amazing look at journalism in Paris during '20s and '30s
Sotheby's International Realty Networking Event in FL was lovely! Wow do we have so many exciting things to offer as a brand!
"So, do we have a deal?" [with "air guns" blazing and hair slicked back]
Today's a good day to go shopping(:
Heads up! My 300th follower is gonna get some free stuff courtesy of !
I normally have multiple windows with tons of tabs opened. Maybe I should get a dual monitor.
Jonatics Are True Fans :D
Madly getting things ready at the office to be away at #AAM2012 and #vacation!
No I.D. Is on a roll, #DAUGHTERS kills the other songs #TheDON just came out with.
Why are all of the lights on in city buildings at night? Aren't most people out of their offices so shouldn't they be off?
working on a coupon code toolbar - do y'all prefer mondo savings on stuff or cash back?
Getting a lot of #FF love today - love all my haters, Ohio sports lovers, & always a special place 4 this years Cavs fans, haha.
Volunteering with tonight :)
Seriously!! We're booking them tomorrow for sure... shouldn't be too packed, I hope. See you tomorrow!
Then I will lose my mind. Love em both. RT : Also, congrats Predators. I'm rooting for you until yo play the Pens in the finals.
"fingered here,nairy nips, big boobs"
Dusk in Portales—and a man called police to say his son, 19, is not doing well. He's schizophrenic—and he was outside, with a gun, shooting.
oh nothin just my belly pierced again lmao
happy birthday hope u having a great day love you xx
My TL is mostly about sex and cuddling right now 
Not sure on the warts... RT : You can use WD-40 to remove super glue and... Warts?
Good to know I'm not the only one who noticed the WV!
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
"Avoid MWAs - Minimum Wage Activities." - Marshall Sylver
Prepping podcast interviews for 3 big time social scientists over the next 2 weeks for
Just ignore that dude. He's only interested in advocating, which is fine. But arguing with him is pointless.
I wouldn't be so mad if they talked quieter, but no, they choose to fucking yell across their god damned rooms to each other.
Hey all - broadcasting live in 15 minutes from WCUW 91.3 FM Worcester MA or www.wcuw.org streaming live- Jewish music.
I wish I coulda done that -.-
I remember that night we laid in bed, naming all our kids that we hadn't had yet.
When the #pain of remaining the same grows greater than the pain of change, we will change.-unknown #Sobrietyisworthit!
At this rate, my darling girl will START in size 1. *sigh* She's getting ginormous in here.
An spokesman tells the suspicious objects in the bag are considered "benign."
Yes! Ordered our 'Hilary Hahn & Hauschka' tickets. Can't wait to see them in May.
Cowboy Bebop.
Strikeout rates were much lower in the deadball era. I think Mr. Dunn has got this one locked up.
Live like you are dying!
:'( why is almost every guy in my life a dbag?
Midnight's the deadline for this week's March Madness Book Giveaway question, spill your guts on YA literature/authors!
I have issues? At least I don't share my issues all over Facebook you little bitch.
Chairman Mondale calls bill great deal for all -- Minneapolis, Minnesota & Vikings.
#Rappers Hit us up if you want one free lease! all you have to do is follow us and retweet this status..then hit us up with your email
It's not that I'm at work late... it's that I don't think I'll finish my work tonight, before I have to report back tomorrow! :P
Procrastinating by reading and analyzing strategies of different vodka brands' Twitter accounts. I need a life.
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Why yes they are:-) I've been meaning to paint my toenails.
From traveling the world for a TV series with to playing the part of an Arab man in True Lies, has done it all!
I wanna move to Hoboken. They have cool accents.
no my phone is randomly unfollowing people! So I'm going back and following them bc Twitter is being dumb lol no drugs and alcohol
Hey ma! What was the best gift you received this mother's day?
is lookin good in the red/orange tie! Making great points about US Economy & how to make better!
Killer instinct!!
lol I thought thats what it meant but there was 2 k's so i wasn't sure
Well they better give you a newer & bigger office then!
: that link don't work!
How much is your time worth? We have an 85 % first visit fix rate.
Monday again... I can't wait until President's day! :)
that stinks. We will miss u!
Did you run the #minimarathon today? Go to to download your pic as u crossed the Yard of Bricks!
I'd say it works like consumer debt, given the small, frequent loans due to haste, poor discipline, "temporary" shortages+
Inside source: Warners set to release "Living in a Big Way," last Gene Kelly musical to come out in DVD.
IS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL,AND VERY TALENTED.tHATS WHY I LOVE HER!
Remember when you were running bad and we talked about how it only takes 1, eh...or 3, wins to change all that? Nice work!
Wish I could be there to see that!!
I'll watch just about anything with Harrison Ford in it.
hello, nice to meet you.
good morning lovely(;
thaNks for the follow.... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights... 24/7
The #1 thing standing in the way of an owners or a managers work day is paperwork. We'll find the best software solution to fix that problem
Think I'll wait for the 4s with my April upgrade, farther out on the future curve
may the odds be ever in your favor
Hey guys!! I'm glad to be back!!
So excited to hear just announced their new PhD program in Clinical Counseling! That's my ultimate goal!
Who is this? RT : What happened to your Flyers? Lol
Pres Obama saved US auto industry because he knew it supports 1000s of other small businesses. Mitt said let Detroit go bankrupt.
Feeling inspired and happy and so full of gratitude!
Sorry, my jackassery got a little out of hand there.
CP3 is just too quick
since your obviously gonna be famous.. Dont forget the people who have supported you from the start<3 luv ya alex!! Lol xD
Big Bang Theory in 00:20 minutes!!!! :)
have an awesome day SEXY X
I love how u appear in my dreams from time to time ;)
hope everyone had a great labor day weekend if you are ready for a smog check give us a shout out and we will give you our summer discount
is yournotthatsick coming on:(
you're pretty terrific!
If any teacher actually tries to do something today im just going to sleep......im looking at you Schwanacamp
Getting all final touches ready for our tasting tonight!
So weird I thought James Earl Jones died years ago
anywayzzz im baking cupcakes :B
Priest spoke indecipherable broken english today so I just imagined the message in the homily was "be excellent to one another."
: Open to public, no cover, free food, and drink specials. Check link at sidebar of the site.
A nigga need to pull the fire alarm
I'm roadtripping to Texas! It's happening!!
Doing well! I miss you!
Passing through Harrisburg PA, reminds me of the fun I had visting last year!!
I want to have a kid and take him to the park in the morning...
well I was standing on the corner of Winslow Arizona. Such a fine sight to see.
Pre apologies ...if you get blocked . Hope to see you at fridays meeting.
Grinding for more...
we will keep in touch💗 i promise(:
You should never eat before you sing=P
Have you ever had the feeling youre going to regret what you just said to someone? Yeah, ive got that right now, but it had to be done aha
Congrats to Franklin Regional HS Marching Band, marching in the Tournament of Roses parade. #PghinPasadena. Go Panthers!
s/o to my new follower :)
I have an eentsy shard of glass in my thumb. When stuff like this happens to me, I secretly wonder if it might develop into a super power.
aye bitch its saturday wake yo punk ass up
No matter what anyone says, you're beautiful. There is nothing you can do to change that. Always believe. You ARE beautiful.
I was there a few months back and reminisced about all the fabulous wine and beer tastings that took place there years ago...
But.. it's worth it.
not the damn thing..writing for my EP
they're most likely going to say no because of my tattoos & the fact that I'm gay.
you r welcome. Let us know if we can answer any of your questions or put you in contact with those who can...
lol idk shit it just popped n my mind this morning
Congrats to all of our sisters who have become of the 2011-2012 DMIS program, it is unlike any other on our campus!
here I'll help!(:
Enjoy Barcelona?
Tomorrow is Georgetown Day!
I hope we finish watching Up in spanish tomorrow
Getting Even
Not just awake.... Wide Awake....laying here thinking about nothing...& often.
hey my fellow brother...some friends from the boston lair sent me some material you put together..Good stuff on the text game!
I have no idea! I wish I did! I think it's soon! :]
Finding someone who loves you unconditionally is real love. :)
When did plastic surgery become the in thing to do??? I don't get it.
Preparation is the beginning of success
TWEET :) Watch our movie!
In 1814 Philadelphia elected Johnathan Williams as a Congressman
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom, my Mother In-law, my wife & all the Mom's out there. May you have a great day!
Send thoughts & prayers to Hossa's family. Some evil bullshit happened to him & it looks very bad.
uk/health/article-134671/J-Los-fitness-fad-Salmas-sweaty-hobby
Maybe after a nap, my phone will be working.
My kinder child uses one at home so not sure why it should be different in the classroom.
have you tried ? I'm loving it.
The right wing doesn't trust the government to do anything, it seems, unless it's to kill a black man. Then all their suspicion melts away.
Great talk about future of display, retargeting and 1st-party data onboarding
#atmovieawards Thanks Mtv.
Yeah, you told me!
Feel free to call me... Don't talk behind my back nigga you 40... I'm 27... Keep it pushing !!!
oh do tell...
Madonna, can you please stop having epileptic fits in your music videos? Thanks.
lmbo Im not old & I LOVE THE 90s music its better than what you listen to
5hr energy rocks!!!
YES YOU ARE. PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD PERIOD.
I feel bad abt that, things have been crazy... right now I'm in LA working at Dreamworks...
Holy close game Batman! Caps-Rangers has gone to overtime.
Great time training an LPGA player the past two days. Now meeting with some Limited Elite (PGA) Players for end of the year analysis.
Dreams can come true. But don't forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
thanks for the RT
Who should I start this week? Cam Newton or Matt Ryan? They both on "Play 'em" list but IDK bout Cam against Chi...
#homestuck update reaction: ROFL
Q3 I think this is a no brainer. It depends on your library. Naturally. All of our libraries are so different.
Dang - can't get a babysitter so I can swing by some election parties tonight. Hm, maybe I should bring the kiddos?
Oh, im sorry.
Never drop kick a basketball. It makes it lob sided. Everyone hates that.
RT if you agree that #MAHOMIES are the best fan base ever! <3
Graduated!!! I had the most amazing weekend with my family and friends!
30 more min then im off this
I have so much respect for :)
I'm not going to be able to lift my arms above my head tomorrow!
FINAL SCORE: Michigan 40, Ohio State 34
I'm glad the draft is tonight because I can't take anymore of this Griffin vs Luck crap.
but on a positive note, the peeps have been awesome and it's been busy for a lunch hour time slot
Thank you!
How many units did Pluto sell first week?
& are hosting a carwash today from 4-8 at the Delt house. Be sure to stop by and support #MarchOfDimes. Only $6.
love you too boo!
thank you Robert!
Going to WHC to work on Audio/Visuals for the Announcments for this Sunday. Hopefully i can get out soon to celebrate my bday!. Much Love
#NeverShouldYouEver get a HOE pregnant. That's a big NO NO.
NU can't run it | 3rd down and short, will they try? | Nope... false start NU |
Goal achieved: 21 consecutive days of yoga. New 21 day plan starts tomorrow. Lift-Cardio-Yoga x2 Sunday off.
So ready to leave to LA. My work is almost done here.
Please see my answer on to: What can I do or file to be able to move my son out of the state of Florida with me...
....is this the hour ur gonna follow me? Hm *scratches chin* I wonder....yes? No? Maybe? So?
Honestly, Pitt, you gave up and I'm more than a little disgusted. Not like it might've been the last brawl or anything. Sheesh.
Looking to play in Denton, a little while after Denton 35.
I get mad when people correct me
just said don't energize your enemies <3
Charlie, look forward to see you next time I am in the Big Apple. Have a great weekend. Will look for your report on Huckabee
My grandpa watches Rob Dyrdeks Fantasy Factory.. What a stud
Not on an iPod, but I play frog calls as background music over the home stereo. Shifts the ambiance magically.
Myspace actually has a facebook app. How much of beat down must that marketing meeting of been...
I guess I should follow you since I'm going to be one!
Yeah. Even my dreams are dorky!!!! Dreamt night I made out with....Bruce Campbell. !!? #chinsarehot?
May the best opinion win.
Haha, different people entirely... not always the case, but true today
The Lilac Festival starts this weekend & we wanted to know what your favorite part of the festival is & what festival food you can't resist.
i know someone that lives there
Morning runs are rad...
watching accepted, i remember when everybody ran around yelling "Ask me about my wiener!!!"
Oh lol I know what you talking about : p
Ugh that's the worst, isn't it?! Give us a call if you'd like a good carpet cleaning!
#whenitwascoolto play "I Spy" in the car
We think it's the best place in Oakland to tie the knot : ) Happy Valentine's Day!
Bronco Country: how long will it take u to buy a Manning jersey? Me? Awhile. I gotta see something special like I did with Timmy
enjoyed it!
I love when referees emphatically signal timeouts!
And now house of wax. Not that scary. But oh well.
lol ok thank you! :)
Way to go Arizona and tea partiers, it was only a matter of time before someone took it too far
At work the user file storage was upgraded from 650G to 7TB. I'm sure it won't take long until it is 90% full again.
Just wanna say how awesome it is when I see your names in my mentions. But that doesnt happen often:( I miss you guys haha
We either use them around the winery or sell them when available.
I think a lot of ppl are over him.
He should be ashamed of himself.
LOL Not bad. Just long. Personally and professionally.
#LongIslandMedium unreal show
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back..... you know, since you're not using it. Sincerely, _usic
! it would be march or April. I'm trying to plan ahead and find a few places to stay for a night or two.
I think I have Twitter fever, have been so busy this week but all I have wanted to do is get on Twitter.
#Random: I wish you were my personal trainer!!
People beween the ages of 18-49 your demographic means more to advertisers than real #s You're enabling a load of bad shit just by watching
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder blades will cramp his style - Steven Brust
Girls come and go, wifeys stick around.
Nothing like a robe and slippers after a night of PTA Sock Hop-ping...oy...
: Stop your grin'n and drop your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh. -- mike freeman (
Thanks for following us.. it is so nice to have ya here... wishing ya wonder nite...
Look forward to the virtual participation!
Anyone know a good, reliable, cheap plumber in RVA? Need gas logs installed and the guy I hired was a no show. #plum,er
going to see breaking dawn with tomorrow <3
sure, if you follow me[:
Buy an XBOX 360 w/ all the bells & whistles included.
our band and our singer in particular, are such a huge fan of yours, a casual listen would be amazing! Thanks for the inspiration
Miss you too!
hope things are going well!
Today is the day! Rally at 12:30 to #StopSDGEPowerlink; #SanDiego #Environmentalists come down to 2nd & Ash. Yes, there will be acrobats.
Deal. I was definitely thinking the bologna! Thanks for the recs.
Next up City of Detroit Council President Charles Pugh.
You did Flanny and all of us proud tonight. Tough night for the Orioles family, but prouder than ever to be an O's fan.# RIP
what school are you at? my husband went to judge
Vacation is officially over. Bring it 2012.
maybe boyfran scared u kidnap him so u can take picture :P
check out code.google.com/html5shim
are u at chipotle on campus?
his best friend's ride.. who ever... whatever.. i don't care, he's a scrub.
I would argue that cultivating culture is part of a strong business strategy not in competition with the strategy.
No matter how old I am or become, I will never grow tired of someone saying "Good night baby boy!" to me.
Some people do Literally need a hug around the neck ....... with a rope sometimes (:
Sushi+Red Wine+Chocolate=Heaven
Forecast for This Afternoon: Partly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 80s. Southwest...
Stop Lying That 92.3% statistic is BS & u know it. BTW, what % of the people u fired at Bain Capital were women?
come back to the dark side!
Jasmine Alinder on "Whose Civil Rights Histories on the Web?" panel at #OAH2012 : How do we transform a source by placing it online?
CONGRATULATIONS on your precious baby! boy or girl? My baby boy is 7 weeks old & I'm going to my 1st bootcamp class tonight. Ah!
NOW OR NEVER - Hot music ALERT! Hear a clip of the new B.o.B./Taylor Swift track at the link! Let us know what you think!...
Still trying to figure out what the hell I witnessed at the Kohl Center today.....pathetic display Bucky.
Richard, thanks for following I'd love to send you a copy of the Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns project next week.
it keeps sliding ! #no puedo
...and? What did you find?
Great to meet you as well. Looking forward to ongoing conversation!
Eric "screw the poor" Cantor will be but a pimple on our asses next time he runs for office. Squeeze, pop out with the shit he goes!
Re; I felt awful for the folks living there having their home ripped to pieces.
I See The Kitchen Im Ditching
move over jaws and MNF...it's the manning and gruden shoe!
Most edtech companies are missing the point. They should have stds designing their products - youth-driven dynamics.
... and it'll be interesting to see the solutions universities come up with in the next few years
finally made one:).
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate living with my parent is a buzz kill, we'll have to go back to your place
If you make the Wu-Tang hands one more time and tell me it stands for "whatever" I'm gonna freakout...
Man follow my fat ass cousin...this nigga to damn stupid
What is your favorite color to dress in and why?
wish Reddit would make their next / previous links bigger or put in a different location - very hard to navigate to next page on an iPhone.
sorry you will have to aim higher. Its already nearly $300 on ebay with 9 days still to go on ebay
guitar is easy!
"because father knows best" :)
Yeah, but NHL PLAYOFFS ROUND 2 on big new TV! Still unclear? :-)
lol (: Well it gets easier and i can see you know a few things to do on here.
