I don't recall Lebanon McD's being special; but at that point I was jonesing for some American-style food.
Ugh. Third #fridayreads in a row of Middlemarch. Slow, slow days on the grange.
I have been really hard on the speakers. Not sure why, but somehow I'm in that mode right now. They still made me think hard.
I'm covering the woman who hoarded Bernie Brewer statues from a scavenger hunt this morning. Did anyone try to go look for one?
Tonight! Irie Sundays is back for our 2012 kickoff! Real Reggae - Roots - Dancehall + more w/
#Directionators... They are the reason we can't have nice things..... right #Directioners ?
yes, in the most positive interpretation of daunting.
writing tracks for Access Hollywood
Haha cute! Why do you have to get up so early to watch #AdamOnGMA ? It's on 7am everywhere.
like an arubix cube 54 channels of crude on scan 2 find a way 2b a better dude.sugar coat or b truthfully rude dont matter ur still crude..
aha weren't you applying for some?
Harry Thaw, right? Money, privilege, stupidity, insanity, perversion - he prefigured the whole 20th century!
ooh what a pretty color, I'm jelly wish I could! You are gonna be turning heads!
- on marketing webseries, go to your dream audience online incorporate those influencers "stunt casting"
No one's stopping us. Let's go to space together.
congrad to the coach of the phoenix suns...:-)
A final decision on ABCD's closure will be made on February 9th. Parents say they'll continue to protest until the DOE changes course.
The role was "Johnny" from the second grade.
Why not both? They are both great fits! RT Wallace would be good, but i think BB goes after Lloyd from the Rams
DALLAS!! SATURDAY!
he is a putz!!
Less than one week until hits the stage at ! But, who's counting? WE ARE!
If video games (mostly ITG and PIU) counted as a sport, I'd have so many trophies and awards and people would like me.
not enough!
glad to see that your now twating with the rest of us.
Up all night fighting with Illustrator
Dear - please please please bring back the old radio feature! The new one is lacking and too much like Pandora. Nothanks.
Y U LYE QURL
today could'nt be worse just saying :(
appreciate the #Twollow !!! Vegas Baby from Red Rock to the Encore it goes down!!!
I am trying to buy a Digital Camera.. Not expensive, but something it could be worth it! Send a link if u know anything about it?
See and more grilling on Monument Circle today until 2pm.
nice digress.it customization! may i suggest you upgrade... the styles haven't changed too much but it's much better!
oh cool! Lmao. So there's 2 girls here now
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and accomplish any objective that you could set for yourself.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter !
Oh, I know, I just figured you wouldn't hear much, since it wasn't addressed to anyone in particular. Have a good wkend!
saw u on 106 & park 2nite u were AMAZING !!
Ahh, well that's no fun. Still in Indiana!
oh okay thank you.
Update iPhone. From jailbroken to v2. Lost navizon and a calculator that did % 's
text me a pic of your dress
Started watching Yo Gabba Gabba with my daughter. This show is a trip!
KO baby! God bless you and america! Great fight!
Age of Aquarius. Runner up: you never give me your money (I take it) by the Beatles
What Tebow hates: when he's on the phone with God, and God's all like "Oh, gotta go, I got Jeremy on the other line."
"... Republican candidates are foreign policy idiots! "#TiVoErase (most are assholes as well, but I've been drinking...)
I agree it is too early
Thanks. Timed comments is a great function for language instructor to give specific feedback cc/
Just had the best meal of my life again at Pappas Bros Steakhouse. Just absolutely phenomenal food all around.
More #amexredbox for the month of May!
we call it kony inc. that's why people ware those kony 2012 shirts customers
lol thanks john
do u like Jelena? (just asking)
Get ready for 2012! Believers, we really need to let our light shine (2012 election!) Let the Church say AMEN!
Tomorrow is Monday
One second I'm fine then the next I look up and start crying, thats never happened before. Everything just hit me.
thanks for the follow buddy
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
twitter pretty live tonightt
Im right behind ya
Conference call at 4p. Seems like I stay on conference calls. :)
Homebuilder mktg tip: enhance email effectiveness by providing agents with easy way to add personal comments. CPS' CRM 2.0 does this & more!
Our office is hiring.
Theater Worship is happening at 9a & 11a today! Live worship, same sermon, different room. Help us open up seats in the auditorium.
A minority is only thought of as one when it constitutes some kind of threat to the majority. Usually an imagined one. Usually fear.
Merry Christmas guys!!
The sister was given Springsteen's "Seeger Sessions," listened to it once, "&that was enough" so gave it to me: 1) Thanks! 2) We're related?
It's so gray outside. Overcast. :-(
“: Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.”
Connaughton: "We have had issues with Airports Authority." Says not enough Virginians on Board
HaPPy HuMp DAY Twitters! LOL!♥
No principals ; No student teachers ; the first one to be the winner ; but there can only be 1 (;
and thank you holly craig
Thomas Bruzzesi 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube, hot stuff America!!!!! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF! , ,,
Mean Green Thursday ~ 20% off creative lunch salads!
Deep breath...
i don't owe you shit,bitch leave me alone. i'm going big,suck my dick.too many niggas,not enough hoes & some of you niggas acting like hoes.
#lifeisgood says "youth knows no age". Love it!
That's crazy. Yeah PR missed that one.
Insurance commercials are the ones that really get into my nerves.. specially "progressive" ones, southwest r annoying too
I prefer Facebook, but I am going to give Twitter a try.
Because I only tweet about it after midnight. It's not good yet. Yet.
Judge sets bail for #TrayvonMartin killer George Zimmerman at $150,000.
Pliny The Younger, writing as Paul, jokes about the promise of an afterlife when he says "what state were you in..." And says, "never mind".
FSU losing to St Bonaventure would demolish alot of brackets!
RT : I have a feeling that #SeeSawChat is going to become a regular thing ;)
Ok I guess o3o
After Dominating the Tennis Courts--Now on to the Volleyball Courts--Should have continued with Club Volleyball back in the day
Home from Columbus!
funny we all laughed at that part.
I just downloaded warcraft.. yep my life is over d:
Correction: Rachel Frick: standards are like toothbrushes - everyone thinks its a good idea, but no one wants to use someone elses!
thank you and in hawaii
Overheard: "I keep that synthetic pee on me."
hmm, you might like my band too, wanna check something out real quick?!
hey girl!!!
If the business defines the person, then the tough decisions get even tougher.
Can't wait to hear how today goes, I know your announcement will be well received!
I just love basketball wives. I love Chad n Evelyn
Why are our bodies overly acidic? Bad diet, stress, lack of sleep all play a role in throwing our pH out of balance.
what about sbjosphere? Take off on blogosphere hemisphere atmosphere? No?
I thought today was Wednesday.
In South Detroit, it feels like Spring! Ready for some #Tigers baseball! Bought tickets today!
(syria honoring promises). Why would Admin think they will honor things this time when America is war-worn as we r?
Middlesbrough gallery celebrates fifth birthday
sounds like a plan to me!
And I ask myself what's going on here...
i approve of 's bullying.
have an issue I would like to get your opinion on, if you have a 5 minutes at ASTD 2011 let's try to connect
looking forward to trying tonight, hope the line isn't too long.
Thanks for the mention! Have a great week!
AND I love the idea of a homemade commemorative plate! That's awesome!
Is looking for 3 Information Security Engineers for a three year contract with DHS in Springfield VA
How did we miss you?
Help me welcome the Children's Pastor at to twitter! Give him a follow!
Tornado Warning! Yay!
I got This Drank In My Cup
Remember this dude gave me a baby oil massage *dials his number*
Heythere =) I sure can do so! thank you =] hope you are having a fantastic night!
Only in Nashville would Charlie Daniels play the intermission break of an NHL Stanley Cup Playoff game.
Boss got us for lunch yesterday and my #15 wasn't a #15 :( I was really hankerin for some buffalo ckn, too!
Se7en (1995) Less than 20 years old and already a classic. David Fincher might have more than one of those to his credit. 9/10
Well hello there, Houston.
It done got a little hot outside
"everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face" mike Tyson
thanks for the #FF babe ;)❤❤❤
“: NO ERICA NO MORE TRIPS FOR YOU CAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO ACT!! RT : I wanna go to”Lmaooo!!!
damn that's a high goal!!!
Rainy day in Georgia. Good day to pray, meditate & work at home.
If you were curious-everywhere we go so goes The George Lopez Show. At any given time an episode will be playing within 150 feet of us on TV
lmao he's my new texting buddy!!!! ❤👲
good *gets sick*
that show was epic & hilarious.
Nope! I'm still getting the crap spammed out of me.
put your game face on. Lets go back to PHX for game 7
To keep with the latest news re: the Milwaukee County Board leadership follow Dimitrijevic.
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr! *evilgrin*
I DONT CARE WAT NOBODY SAY & MAKES A CUTE COUPLE!
how's tricks at bossman?
INFAF are grand.
idk I think so
Good luck with your defense :)
RT I like my coffee like I like my Sith Lords: tall, dark, roasted in lava &strong enough to throw my boss down a reactor shaft
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
This tension between my LA fans and my Denver fans is really stressing me out right now. #goNuggets? #orLakers?
Working on details of getting my car fixed from the parking lot accident at Hightopps. Women who rely on backup sensors = accident prone.
Nice! I wish I had someone to give me an iPhone. :D
Switch to U.S. Cellular and you'll get top-notch customer service. Ever have an issue or question, just call, come into a store or tweets us
Final score mob 163 rats 130
THANK YOU, AH -- I needed that. {really!}
how muchdo you want to bet Josh McDaniels picks ANOTHER quarterback in the 2nd round when Claussen is still up for grabs? ugg broncos drama!
Episode title of tonight's Modern Family? "The Last Walt"
Also, these refs are turrible tonight
#idRatherHave real enemies than fake friends. @ least ya enemies let it be known they don't like you.
Congrats ! You were first to answer correctly! Mozart's father played violin! More trivia & giveaways to come at 1pm!
what college do you go to again?
since is too cool to hang, let me know what works for you! I'd love to meet up!
yea ii wanna make some masks!! But I got volleyball prac. tomorrow
My favorite part about the #knicks no longer being in the playoffs? The idiot announcer who yells "Carmelo AnnnthoooOOOnnyYYYYYY."
can come to america and sing acoustic Who You Are to me. I would love her even more.... Bring along...
no, i think you are right. i remember thinking he was really smart and funny, but i wish i could remember more details.
Thinking of trying out using again - long emails are never any fun.. anybody else game for this?
Really felt the love yesterday. Thank you for all the bday wishes.
Merry Christmas everyone. It's about the love and everyone should make a dish for your neighbors this year. That's what I will do this year!
Fw: : #ILoveItWhen your tweets always send to my phone :)
C.J Wilson expected to sign with the Angels for five years
What season are you on?
what's the speeds?
(AP) -- Munch's `The Scream' fetches record $119,900,000 at NYC auction.
Holiday Bowl, ? What's your call?
OVERTIME!! Let's Go #DallasCowboys!
also super nice stainless energy star dishwasher for 60.00 thank you
I'LL HAVE ANOTHER WIN'S 2012 SANTA ANITA DERBY CONGRAT'S..
Reason being, I am also running for assembly...in the 18th District.
Easter, when devoid of religious persuasion, is just another holiday in which I bear witness to other people's children eating candy.
yeah then I fixed it haha
early times county stout
if you have the golf up. Ernie Els just gave this really crazy face before his birdie putt on 18
Your worries and fears become your friends and they end up smilin' at you
Wakin up early in the morning when u have a hangover 😡😡😡😷😷😡😡😡
Faith he must make his stories shorter Or change his comrades once a quarter.
MY 14th BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW!:)
Just won $320 on the derby. "I'll have another" won the race. Once again I benefit from alcohol.
I can't respond to the DM but I think it's a virus because I got a message saying that too lol
In the studio with
a question for : why did the chicken cross the road?
I can haz kansas?
Went shopping with mom
OH! NOPE I didnt know! Why would I know?! (: AH IM SO EXCITED! what time are you coming?
Ssunds pretty nice to me. :)
Craft ale house tonight at 845, National Athem SJU mens game tomorrow at 2 (sold out!) & brickside with clay at 9, bourbon on sunday!
We survived weekend #1! Haven't sacrificed too many items yet, but we will, I'm sure. She's getting more brave and more sassy!
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Dana Wilkey releases a new single, 25,000, to show fans that she isn't bothered by her critics.
So sad! Lucky to live in USA!
go JESUS, Go JESUS, GO!!!!! (Cheering!)
it was quite a shock to me having just left the big city for a small town.
thumbs up.
Test today. Wish me luck?? xx
The thing with Oasis that you never know. I've seen some of their best epic shows and ones giving an epic headache
Inbox me for the new number
very excited!!!! :D
m that's a hard one really depends on my mood
"Ow Archibald! My spleen!"
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 38
yes, but sad either way :(
RT : I'm seeing 's 'Mother Bear' tonight and 's 'Hickorydickory' tomorrow, very excited
thanks for the tweet, Chris!
salty with just the right spicy flavor.... but they went away too fast!
...and what to sing?
Dusting off the old #CatherineWheel records. The days from 1991 to 1997 were happy ones, indeed.
Thanks for letting us hang around tonight, ! Loved the ideas and excited for the semester!
Look! #stillgrounded is trending in
Was totally unsurprised by headline that Luck and Griffin were first draft picks but confused by Bobcats Lousy headline...NBA. Evens out.
Good Morning.. Do y'all sell vans in your store?
I can't wait for #KUWTK on sunday!
Did join Twitter just to let more people know that he doesn't Twitter? ;-)
RT : I'll make time for you, but I got no time for the games.
doesn't mean i tweet a lot :p
AmandaF. gives sharp example of Omeka dev -- find the code in your browser, dig it out of php or css on the server, change.
There were some GREAT shows in Baltimore this weekend... did you discover any new music?
i cant right now actually ;) im doing my math hw
Just got out of the shower
Happy Birthday! And I'm proud that we were there to shove you off the wagon.
Psalm 27:1The LORD is my light and my salvation;whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life;of whom shall I be afraid
My little cousin is too funny ! Haha
thanks, david! i've definitely checked out your music before. how funny! glad you said hi.
I had a great time at State, but all good things must end. Let me know if you plan on visiting Seattle!
what is up? Welcome.
Operation: Sound Off & Ride2Recovery Event Tonight, 6:30pm, Tin Roof Nashville!
This funmi girl ehhnnn she just docked me.....*sigh*
Amazing lunch from today - thanks for the Limeade I got a few sips before drank it all =)
So I heard Christmas music on the radio this morning. Way to early.
I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on !
working out in a few. #WorkoutFreak :p NW:_
woohoo! I wish I could say it's because you saw me today, but I know that's not the case. Excited for you!
have any demo bikes on sale yet???
Academics may be the last truth tellers says
I think Scarpia is right up there.
I think and would make a good couple ! They're so cute together and he seems happy ! #Romanda <3 (:
Were open at 5pm today. Come by and say hello. Full kitchen and bar! Let's all be thankful! Happy thanksgiving
I KNOW SAME. It's just so crazy, I never imagined that would happen... so quickly.
Thanks for picking them up. You're the best! :)
don't ask me to "hang out", what am i your fucking laundry?
10.6 relay split. I'm cool with that
hey...not at Mango anymore. :-)
I take it back about So You Think You Can Dance - was actually pretty good last night.
No way. I use the force when my baby falls so she doesn't hit the ground.
#ConfessionTime I never thought girls should wear make up because they look fine the way they are.
you know me..lol
This day was so peaceful. Got to nap out on my porch in this beautiful weather and snuggle with my kitty cat.
Stone looks amazing in that fuchsia gown can't wait to see you present and congrats on a great year!!
Dancing with the Stars is back tonight. Early favs to win are William Levy and Maria Menounos. Who's your pick?
#FF gotta know and ... brilliant minds, brilliant ladies!
I'm sure it is what I think! Haha
Tonight. Quin and Reed back on Californication. Unless they cut MORE scenes.
finally got roman reloaded!
I love M.F.K. Fisher's "How to Cook a Wolf" especially the recipe for Eggs in Hell!
Duke Snyder, 1 of the last Boys of Summer- great player from bygone era, and even greater gentleman. Gr8 memories of #4 in 'Spos bcast booth
Thank you
what color is it?
keep them coming! We're excited to show America what's out there!
Next person to send me a facebook game request is getting deleted.
..To be seen
Newcastle will beat Man City.
and just checked out the guest books and the investigation just started
I better grab something heavy for lunch today. and I are starting with Parona's tonight. 😳 #KlusozsSaturdays Hwy 281 Rd.
Intense game...
Thanks for the RT. Great networking with awesome people in Fort Wayne. Thanks so much!
Watching JUst for Laughs LMAO
Catcher is up, peg him JJ
good 2 see my nigga ==> today
so u feel John Jenkins is headin the the draft?
Enjoying a lazy day, after a 12 hour work day yesterday :)
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ZETA PHI BETTA SORORITY INC. ΖΦΒ
is in love with you. Js ;D
thank you for a wonderful evening!! Everyone see Clybourne Park! Excellent!
We love and miss you
at taco bell drive thru: bald black lady on pink n purple bmx in snakeskin skirt & bikini top. 3 AM.
It is ___ that the first game of the MLB regular season was played in Japan, at 3:15 am Pacific, and BLACKED OUT in the U.S.
Lol sweet! :) RT : very good. Winning money on the derby always helps :-)
As if I didn't love enough, she starts talking about Tim Burton and how awesome he is.
She's really not that bad...at least not here. But I still don't like her, I'm js she's really not that bad live.. Haha
someone has to look after
Today I am being super #lazy! It's regular lazy, but I'm wearing a cape!! hehe......
<sigh> Too much good stuff. Would you all quit already?
*Talking about 'Draw Something'* Me: Write NASA on the space shuttle so it's easier!" "What's NASA?!?" #blondie ;)
What is to b Joe B Jackson Pkwy, on south end of County Farm Rd in Murfreesboro, Tn. will b a lenghty 2-3 yr. project that will run to I-24.
'Twas a fickle God who inspired the war between forks and cherry tomatoes.
Its first come seating for those with VIP tickets...so come early and enjoy yourselves
#Ne closed? what does that mean?
A time to plant, and a time to pluck up.
Bernie Boricua!! My favorite Yankee of all time. Cuidate bro!!
Good call!
Are you kidding me Grey's Anatomy!!! That's how you end?? Uggggghhhhhhhh
Thank God we for his blessings! Orphanz™
textin him.. hopefully he'll change his mind and say yes. ;')
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 3:00 PM using Waze - Drive Social
I can count on one hand the number of people I know who care that the NBA cancelled more games.
What apology, for what?
so what's the outcome?
is she preggers on the show? I know she is in real life. I think she just got fat
I just published a book and I am a personal coach. I help young professionals land their dream job.
I'd do it.
and Thanks for following. Happy tweeting!
One of the greatest things in the world is to be married to someone who gets me. And still stays. :)
Looking for people w/ knowledge of #WordPress install, themes, dashboard for tech support at happiness bar.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view. -R. W. Emerson
i hate when my computer gets dirty and then there is a glare and it is just ten times worse
bro, that is some weak Chicken-N-Waffles! I'll have to show you how it's done sometime!
Hola mi amor I'm going to call you when I get done eating bestie. &nd I didn't hang up on you ealier
Finally got new liquid eyeliner
Guys, I think I might have changed someone's opinion OVER THE INTERNET.
yea I been back for sum months now
Its definitely one of my favorite CDs from the past few years.
Smh. RT me too. All day. I thought my twitter was just fucked up.
Play #FreeOnlineVideoGame #NewYorkShark! Fun and Crazy! Google it! Dig It!
I would love to have a child of my own. But I'm gonna wait for the right person to have that kid with/or adopt with...
earthquakes and $hit
When i get on imma shun the celebs for the locals.
Really? A blue & yellow color scheme? That's tackier than the actual merchandise.
You know it. Keep fighting your way through it. Pacquiao style. BOOM! That's what we do!
#NowPlaying Dust In The Wind
": Oh, you call your girlfriend "your bitch?" You two will surely live happily ever after."
I miss you more than you could ever imagine.
I really want in somewhere on "After Earth" pretty please.....
is there a Snack Shack at the craft fair?
Check out "The Life & Music of Paul Creston" exhibit located in MNL, Dean's Gallery during MNL open hrs. Available until May 24th!
Let's see who gets ultimated on ):
we should def link up soon
if the wait is too long, try TechRoom- the Apple Genius referred me there. Service was awesome. AppleCare covered and no wait
After today we have four more Mondays! Summer break here we come! : )
I want to go to the movies
not at all if anything we r trying to recruiting freshman so we can teach u it will look good on ur college app :)
Why should facebook limit whom we can ask to be friends? Ppl can just turn off invites from strangers if they dont want to be asked.
This truetwit validation stuff is a pain.
50 years, or 18,251 days ago, Central started meeting. Celebrate with us this weekend - it's going to be a party! Centralonline.tv
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
Enjoyed the lazy weekend... doesn't happen often! Caught up on some much needed sleep. Looking forward to working on the new projects!
sounds wonderful
what's your YouTube channel?
Just followed
sup man
Current weather in Orlando. 63°F · (°C) Wind: 6 mph SSW Humidity: 97%
Me too. I think Lena Dunham has a lot of talent, but the show is like a bad student film.
Today is filled with good news! Going to the People's Choice Awards in January & just got an offer from an awesomely-fantastic photographer.
Soon as somebody say they got an iPhone for sell Android users be the first ones on d*** asking HOW MUCH!? Llamf
Whoa! annual meeting is "largest gathering of #museum professionals in the world" 5000+ strong - talk about a Creative Community!
It feels like 9/11 or a prison rape is happening in my head
We need to have some people over. Our place is nice and clean. For once.
Yay, Leap Year is coming on tonight on ABC Family 😊💜
I am being held hostage at the hair salon. I would never go on a Friday but I really need my hair done. Been here an 1 hour 19 minutes!!
you got my vote Burger Bracket
Had the most amazing dream that I got a video tweet from singing happy birthday to me ❤😃 what a great dream ♥
Yeah probably. But it's funny now that Fields is totally tradable, except for being Lin's handshake buddy.
Thank you for the RT, Robert :-)
come to WISCONSIN please
Applications are now closed for the 2012 Kiplinger Fellowship. Good luck to the 400 applicants! Those selected will be notified by Feb 10.
Thirsty Thursdays @ Dell Diamond! Use BypassLane to get your beer faster & cheaper tonight: RRExpress vs. Fresno Grizzlies
Tomorrow, Weds, Jan. 17th we're canvassing for the SSID from 5:30-8 pm! Meet us at at 5:30 to join! See you there!
You can't even save me a piece?
Happy B day !
#bucciovertimechallenge Kopecky for the Panthers, Zubrus for the Devils
Ezeli = queer Tinsley = queer Taylor = huge queer Jenkins = queer Goulbourne = queer Vandy = collective douche bags.
As soon as I opened the bottle of Gran Reserva, the chocolate was obvious
Shooting my 50 cal rifle at my buddies farm. Can't wait to test out the new range finder I have for it.
An SSRI would be a good chaser. C
#NP Truth Hurts : Addictive
You go Glen Coco! #meangirls RT : 3 Down, ONE to go
Back on that workout grind.
ICFGR teleconference w Pam Rollins -"'show up & do your best' is individual contributor thinking"
what a joke.
swole there's nothing to do!
produces his own everything! thats #real talent. :)
How do you get wrinkles out of soft leather? Item had been folded weird.
Glad the sun came out for all my KHS prom goers! Be safe and have fun!
Granger was most improved player a couple of years ago now he's gonna be the player with the worst injury cause LeBron WILL splack a nigga!
": Just because we've stopped talking, that doesn't mean you're not constantly on my mind."
You jerk! Now I'm nodding my head like yeah, and moving my hips like yeah
GNC Total Lean 7 Day Fat Loss Kit. ON SALE! $47.99. Save $12.00! A great, quick way to jump start your diet.
RT: Imagination is the source of every form of human achievement. Ken Robinson
“: you should know I don't lol. If it looks good, I'll eat it” me too- at least I try too
Me I'm a Coke man.
just arrived am am taking photos!
Today is Intern'l #Fibromyalgia, #Myalgic Encephalomyelitis #Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Day. Be tolerant & a help, not a hindrance!
Struggling with infertility: Fox59 is talking live with 'Apprentice' winner Bill Rancic about his & Guilianna's fight for a family - next!
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday ily (: 💜
The Artist was AMAZING. I hope it wins something. Anything. Please?
Well maybe I don't miss that. Just a little bit, but I can live without it.
my name should be Procrastinator Procrastinatorson... Hi My name is Procrastinator Procrastinatorson what's your name?
Henry you dance like a wooden indian
When she Taunts me ugh
OH dude. Tipsy bike riding in the middle of the night is AMAZING.
Watching Hangover 2 with Patrick. One of the funniest movies. lol Aahhaha. Im stuck in an elevator. lmfaoo
doesn't make sense.
I don't get the attraction for audio-books. It's like having a really long, one way conversation with that monotone gps voice. creepy..
Why wasnt that a travel on Butler?
unfortunately I am not an owner of an iPhone, and i regret to inform you that I indeed can not see anything but boxes.
our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed. -.-
even with runners on 2nd and 3rd, two out, up by one, and Pujols at the plate?
My brother just said "I wish you were white so I could slap you in the face and it wouldn't be a hate crime" Hahahaha bastard
Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. `~ Richard Bach
I was arrested today for going into a massage parlor and asking the guy for a Vinny Barbarino... I'm so confused.
I had to learn to clog for a show and never quite could,therefore, I faked it. It's more of an attn-grabber than anything.
very superstitious, writing on dahhh wall~
#occupylifetime needs to be
ReelSEO and SEOMoz are both very good sources. What are you looking to do with video? We've got tons of other resources.
i'm following u:)
Have a Bucket List? Text You of the day - text yourself the "number one" outrageous thing you want to do and give it a deadline!
When KFC runs out of chicken and then subway runs out of bread! All in the same day!!!
"You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness."
Tonight has been a case study in the shortcomings of abstinence only education.
Coulda done something last night on set that would ruin someone's day, but I didn't.
no I haven't. I like "everyday" though.
Round two #lvac happy Paul?
Thanks! Thanks for passing the link along. Glad you liked.... :D
Just gave you a Shoutout. :D
Heads up everyone who's making comments...I wear this much green ALL YEAR.
Awesome day! 2 auditions, apartment hunting all bookended by a morning hike with my great buddy John & evening run in the park!
Good news: I don't have to buy a new laptop! Just had to buy a new AC adapter. I can definitely deal with that.
I just missed you too much!!
is programming.
pls tell us more abt your use case so we can debug #grefine? eg how much data, what operations, ... maybe it's just 1 bug
big congrats to and for submitting the UWO mobile app to Apple and Android! can't wait to download it!
It has begun
Ah yes, the ice cream scoop of quality.
yes vanessa =NYU, Jimmy = uconn law, Jenn = southwestern law school in LA, great for entertainment law
really I will try next time my Kennedy's nose decides to explode everywhere!!
Agree! Mine went off @ 1:15 am. Used to be time I got home! : No matter how much sleep you get... a 2:30 a.m. alarm sucks.”
RT : Does anyone have Bernard pollards phone number?
Twitter below via my fab. co-worker. First Burger King Flame perfume, now this. What will they waste their money on next?
Hey there Alex! :)
It's Friday, how awesome! happy hour and dinner done and now getting ready for a full day of photo editing tomorrow!
Ideas for a bonus question?....
will do. Thanks. :)
Why do they put the slowest cashiers @ "speedy" checkouts?!?
you guys aren't realer than me . way realer
Thank you :-)
This is great! Thanks
you scrub
no, no...my boyfriend.
You're on a roll this AM. Good for you!!!!!!
Not sure--but the poems go up to at least 1660s, my gut says later. I'll look tomorrow!
Noah is a participate of The Chanda Plan Foundation!
Waiting to see the denist great... Always fun!
Spent hours making Christmas cookies so my brother can eat then as fast as he can.
very true! Hm haha. And never mind she's a yr older.
RT : Talk to your kittens about catnip, or someone else will!
NO meats try the vegetarian thing
Only 65 spots available for the 1st Build Day of the year. Contact us through twitter or email if you want to be put on the list!!
i'm learning a lot about people today... more than i want to actually.
remember the thirty minute rule
There is an $80 cup of coffee you can order where I am... and people order it. I'll stick with my timmies.
“: He once drop kicked a train....in flip flops”
In my first year of college, I managed to balance school, guard, and the fraternity. I'm actually quite proud of myself :)
True that
is amazing ^__^
Having some field trip fun at ! The butterflies are frisky today.
what's it like out there? I wouldn't know :/
In another life, I would make you stay.. So I don't have to say you were the one that got away </3
Someone's car alarm has been going off for over an hour. My ears are about to start bleeding any second now.
April Unemployment: 26%+ of Americans aren't even looking for a job.
Bullying is a serious issue this should not happen
Watching the game on the hd big screen at home is so much better that my 32 inch
Slabtown Smackdown today @ 12PM. 8 machines Demo Man Johnny Mnemonic Addams Family Whirlwind Twilight Zone Medieval Madness F-14 and Dr. Who
This primary in FL is already set/over. Absentee ballots rule the day in elections here.
I have to turn that no back into a yes <3.
I Lovee Kelly Rowland In Trey Songz Heart Attack Video.
Even at11:30,when Shinin' on Me comes on,It still makes me want to blast it and go on a drive with my windows down
Sapp's average monthly income is $115,881.00 #HolyHell and he can't live within his means?? sheesh
When they ask bout me they say he put it down put it down put it down..
it's my pleasure. Doing what I can to get some more #secretsantas Merry Christmas!
I was on at 10:30am on the dot....but got the Heisman! Congrats Cory!
yea, seriously! How much does one cost, approximately?
awesome. I've had pasta for like four days in a row so SURE!
it also could have been the #fudge that tasted like horseradish/soap/coconut/chemicals
Listen more than you speak.
Any sane person would've done the same thing.
has a lotus been tested at IMS yet?
McBee fall away 3 to send it to overtime. Wow!
incredibly: 2 teams w/most innings from their starters this year, have the worst bullpen ERA's (PHI & LAA)
going to bed in 5min
Jokes on you bitches
RT : Venting can help release frustration & motivate you to move forward but if venting lasts more than 15 minutes it Really...
Doe you love your fans? <3
It better be all good, Kevin.
that's what you get!!!!!!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate What, you don't like Nickleback?
do you like Alice Hoffman? She has a new book out - it is awesome
While you gone? Shit, Netflix on your couch.
Sunday Funday, Minaj Mondays, Trivia Taco Tuesdays. We've got fun every day of the week :)
Trying to talk your way into shit by saying you own shares in the company is a shitty look.
Thanks for the RT. As a woman, do you agree that heels go up in an econ downturn?
All I really want to do is be part of a grand story. Much like a great novel filled to the binding w/ laughter, memories, sadness, & triumph
Today I got a trampled on by a group of kids.
it was a fun tuesday because from the YCD group was in Cleveland and came for dinner. too fun!
Nice to meet you too!
Working on this play means something a little bit different today. Please come out and Support WTC View St Theatre.
and thank you. Wish the wifey and mama a happy day too!
Hiking in the desert today!
arriving somewhere in a stretch hummer limo is a great way to let people know you have or aspire to have herpes
Sorry Nell - thought I was already following you! Love your socialvelocity approach.
Forgiveness is our command. Judgement is not
had me weak today in Econ hahahaha !!!
Beliebers Turn To Justin because when the world makes us feel all alone, Justin's music speaks to us :)
There's got to be a way to combine fear factor and the bachelor. Then I could throw snakes on a bunch of girls with spray tans.
Thanks for the RT!
can u follow me plzs that would make my day
Shes my best friend so of corse im going to tell her everything you just said.
drinking some delicious wine with my cousin...m
No problem ;)
In this documentary I'm watching, the narrator just pronounced 'magnate' as 'magnet'.
Congratulations on winning tickets to see #AlvinAiley this weekend at NJPAC in Please DM us for tix info.
Just dropped a WMD in the bathroom
I've never been z
should let me chill with her
If you aint got no fears then you aint got no tears
Time lapse photography has to be one of the coolest things on Earth.
I've tried to figure this out on my own, but what is the difference between following packer people on twitter and on sulia?
Did we really have to move up one spot to get Trent? Did the Vikings have a trade in place with him?
burn them edges a lil so I kno it's real lol
i feel you on that 1 brO and pplz took advantage of my niceness so i had to watch who i was nice to cause everyone doesnt deserve
Happy Birthday! RT : Just realized Copyblogger is 6 years old today. Thanks to all of you for being the reason for doing it.
can you play stairway to heaven? :)
whew. is making it easier to delete dm's then the twitter website. :)
Am I that entertaining? Lol
Wearing her little white moccasins that I made for her, she runs to me with her hands full of wildflowers.
sorry to burst your bubble. Florida for spring break?
I can't today:( prom later, hmm when next week are you free?
Happy 1st Birthday to #iOS game! What a journey it has been! Have met many friends along the way! Thank you to all!
good morning mahomies (: y'all had dreams of a-meezy ?<3
get your money up dogg lol
OMG JUSTINS VOICE IS SO SEXY
“: I want to go so bad. It's been way too long since I have been there” LET'S GO!!!
I will say with respects to motive, cause of death, in my legal career It will be hard to prove intent and motive.
congrats on your male vocalist of the year win!! we (fans) love ya!
SnOrEz! You should've documented me getting blitzed in a kitchen while getting a haircut AND a tattoo at the same time! <3
I actually feel like crying and dieing in double period bio right now :(
That's good medicine for anyone of us!
Eating Sour Patch Kids for lunch haha so not healthy
Sat. off a 3-1 consensus in the NFL playoffs and now we have 85 cappers posted and consensus growing abck close to kick off
You, me, and are like the coolest kids of all time ever. We should party.
thanks jerry!!!
So it's freezing out here.
Working on Edmund Spenser and having the same repetitious thought: "Wasn't Antiquitez on Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain?"
So cute! I used to have a cat like that when I was a kid :)
I mean song lol
Good Morning!
take a deep breath and suck it up OJ! t+ "i don't know" hours. that's our crew for us!!! BS!
EMTs just arrived at Bristol, reports of a man on TV having a stroke during halftime, reports of him speaking in tongues
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! ILL TELL YOU WHERE THE BEST TRUCKS ARE AND WHERE YOU CAN FIND THEM! THANKS
I was fortunate to present the Lifetime Achievement Award to one of New Orleans' most masterful trombonists and educators, Milton Bush....
lol if u say so
My dad on the phone just now: "Man, can you believe the Spurs are going to win it all?" What a troll.
I love that checked in with us last week!
already bought my for that #BlueSlidePark tour when it comes to madison
Hey, Twitter Support! Can Tweets be sent to two mobile devices? It would be handy if all of my team could get the same info! Thx!
I must be the least prepared man ever trying to obtain a visa. No passport, missing forms and no money.
Twitter hates my phone too I uninstalled it on my Phone and my twitter buds have clogged my phone up lol
I just wanna be at the gym all night but this studying thing is getting in the way 😠
Hanging out with Waldo RT : where is the man in the yellow hat?
A friend suggested Roseanne Barr for president. I laughed for a bit and then thought how awesome John Goodman would be as vice president
I wanna be a billionaire so frickin' bad
Thanks and for following!
ThanksRT : - you were right! that sweet potato topping made it so much better :-) i'll be seeing you again!
what were some of those great email marketing nuggets from ? Just curious
This scene is just insanely sexy.
you're right. Saw that highlight today.
Someone come have breakfast with me! Any takers!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone "Specyphi What you Believe"
Just got confirmation on the FINAL #PXYSJ superstar! will announce Wednesday morning!
So I am follwing - love the art but why ur the first person out side of my musical artist I have followed
Patient should avoid hard food items and very sticky foods with temporary dental crown.
come on Tony and be a part of The Big Blue Nation.. Go Big Blue!!
#LTNY Sutherland, like many firms, is catching up from years of down IT spending. tries to sell IT programs on their value to client service
thanks for the follow back (:
Jay and Ye are home, watching their throne.
Come celebrate the NBMBAA'S 40th birthday with us! Aug. 24 - General Membership Meeting & Ice Cream Social @ Manpower
People come into our lives for a reason. Some stay and some leave :(
Juggling real work while maintaining dominance on the #MarcusThomas75 tag -- seriously tho, this shindig is shaping up. Kudos MT party crew.
It's Meat Lover's Wednesday! Which type of our smokin' BBQ do you want for dinner tonight?
FOLLOW BACK :)
FUCK everything about today. By today, I mean the last 24 hours, because that's how long it has been since I slept.
wow. I can only dream. Lol.
Shout out all my me new followers
When traveling to #Detroit stay at #The Henry. A former Ritz Carlton and a hidden gem! Perfect end to concert. Happy Friday!
Haha, yep. "OH SOUTHBOUND 43 IS CLOSED." Well golly, I used this funny box I sit in front of all day to get the same info.
xx Of course, darling. Pepped me up to see you! Til next week~
Congratulations to hosting a very successful conference. Is this the first year?
Also, I think the tv in this hotel room is the same 26" screen he has on his kitchen counter.
I snore at night, so I bought a bunch of those Breathe Right Strips for my wife to shove in her ears.
just realized some things about family.
Immature people these days..
my aunt and I do.
A little Skrillix in the mix now!!! would be in heaven!!
Ok...my cousin is gonna buy da tickets, but my dad said I can only buy tickets for me & my dad :'(
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
It took me a few listens. But like you saw on my list, Atlantic City is very good.
I read that article. If youre a cop and to mace an 84 y/o woman, what does that say about your ability to do the job?
not to mention your not-a-shitty-person privileges. TWO privileges you have over romney, who would have thought?
From STS-95 interview. "most complicated machine ever constructed by humans".
@ robyn, this time he blogged malevolent ingenuity
Damn, should of stretched more. My left leg is destroyed. Can't be that bad though.
i can't wait for to come out with their new album!!!!!!
make me!
Today's gonna be a long day, so much to do!
Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about
#iLoveWhenYou STOP playing GAMES n DROP those DRAWS!")
watching TECO, MDHI, SHMN and SNET those are the talk of the chatroom right now
"With a great pool, comes great responsibility!" Call Danna Pools NOW for your FREE Estimate!!! (630) 595-POOL
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
NOT loudest snack ever. Wheat Thins 4 me = quiet. With all 3 parrots eating WT @ same time, quietest my apt has ever been.
Online Information is only a week away! Visit us in booth 240 with
I can't decide what's more depressing, the book title "The Jobless future" or that it is a 2nd edition
What time are you guys going on? Are playing here again soon?
Six Flags<3 :D
Two songs have alternated the #1 Hot 100 Billboard spot! Katy Perry's "Firework" was bumped for him twice...
loves it
New Balt. Co. Superintendent Dallas Dance (30) - "Age is not the issue. The issue is whether someone has the skill-set to hold the position"
Motorsports: Hinton: The new old Smoke After 17 years of turbulence in Indy cars and NASCAR, after three Cup titles, after 46 visits to
both keynotes at #recsys09: behavior of users tells you more than their ratings
"the car crash you had I thought it took you away from me And I aint too strong to deal with the vacancy"
#SaySomethin stock in my head all day long, but its a incredible feeling ;) <3
We ultimately rebel against those who demand of us. Rules actually fuel sin. 1 Cor 15:56 Grace breaks the cycle of sin. Rom 6:14
I think ima go get my niece & nephews today & take them to a nice park :)
Cannot grade outside--the crows are cawing nonstop, and the Mosquitos are too brave.
who has the fight online?
Heart disease is still the #1 killer of women, taking the life of one woman every minute.
aww I love mom
does not inbox. If you can't write it on my wall, then don't write it. Luv ya all!
"I have no reason to frown. I'm still breathing."
Wasn't really expecting to stay at work later, but I'll take that $$$
interested in joining a baller gym with me off Yamato/Military trail w/indoor hoops?
To the man who inspired a Syndey Carton-POV poem I wrote long ago:
"But you ain't got no legs lieutenant Dan.."
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
MT : RT : Great to connect with women entrepreneurs &
#Matt Damon expected in #DC later this month (Sat 7/30) @ the Save our Schools March
Ah what a long weekend. Got a couple more things 2do 2day..but then
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I hate you so much.
This is effen tragic. Never is it ok to perpetuate violence..
cuchifritios would be killer. aspiring hospitality entrepreneurs take note. this is the next truck to do!
So happy for you!
Way to lose a client forever
Almost time for baths and snuggle time with little ones :)
somebody talk!
Sadistic move of the day: watching the play without Rose or Noah. Here's to hoping.
That's a LONG nagging injury list for
Just deleted about 50 food pics, but I had to keep the tater tot nacho pic.
Happy Sunday. Nice pic, sexy!
Skinny nigga but I do big like a
not even, haha. Just a homework essay driving me crazy!
i have a bowl in my room with something in it...you get to stick your hand in it ;)
thank you Gary. But my son is an inspiration to me. I couldn't be the father I am without them
Sorry about the delay. We will check with the parking department. Econ shuttles should run every 10 minutes. What time was it?
yeah I know juan hit me up I'm not gonna be able to make it this time maybe next time
If life is a journey the BEACH should be the destination!
lmfaooooo im Russian leave me lone lmfaoooo
Do you know what happens to good looking people like me in jail?? Well let me tell you it rhymes with GRAPE!! #21jumpstreet hahaha
Vegetarian breakfast tacos will start this morning right
good job...
Feeling cold and hot at the same time, that's annoying!
My kid: "So hockey is basically soccer on ice with sticks?" Me: "Um... maybe."
Do you have an electronic copy? I'd love to check that out!
What's new in March !!! We need some gigs pronto !!!
They thought that we would think it was soo juicy but WRONG! We are grown women with actualy brains. They underestimated us.
Treat even imports your Facebook friends' birthdays so you won't forget
Has anyone else heard that Belichick has had two, yes, two whole weeks to gameplan? Game over, man, game over. Sorry.
Use your mind first in fitness. MindFirstFitness.
My mentions are dead a'f.
Thank you so much. We still need to get together.
I've been chillin wit my hat on da whole day. Im sitting up @ my house & my parents told me Take it off, I'm like NO, I <3 it
I've officially submitted my entry to meet the Kardashian's at the office. Now I can leave for the weekend!
He'll have to DVR it...he will still be stuck in Cape traffic.
"Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there." Clare Booth Luce
Going to try this on Sunday!
Super cool calculation language, FRINK - "make physical calculations simple" super!!!
Thank You!(:
I'll talk to you all PM
what was?
im waiting.<3
Watching this game. I just don't understand
They would have at least asked if it was "Spirit Of Eden" or "Laughing Stock"
i love u baby so much
wow, this is a site I didn't want to see. he popped that hammy on the way to first...not good for us
Well that's interesting...I really need to surround myself with something better..
Thank you for the time I had with you but I have to move on now ...
The Citizens United ruling is specifically re corporations. Nobody is saying unions are equivalent to corporations or individuals.
A lot of folk forget from whence they came.
you probably do
wtf. well thats fantastic. me- mom i made a 97 on my test mom-WTF
how many days till Daytona?
Walleye for lunch... Jealous?
Not having any love for Dreamhost support today, after our site was essentially out for 3 days,they ask: "what is your epecific error?"
Choose Ye this day...
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible. -Lord Chesterfield
It is not a surprise to us at all that Lupe is killing this stage right now!
i remember when showed me stronger freestyle by .
It's Friday! Thank you :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool in school who swears he's the shit and think life's about "skating and getting pussy" even though he can't get a girl
I am a recovering online Scrabble addict; it's been calling my name lately, but thus far, I've managed to resist.
New york MOOD
oh hey;)
Thanks for the excellent shout out in your paper, Derek!
RT : special! If you follow me on twitter, tell me in person and receive $5 off any print if you come by my booth!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in twitterville.
Watching #big bang from thurs...w brilliant!
When I get home.
The future looks like a glass half full, or should we say, glasses half full. Thank you for your time and support!
Don't jinx it! I think we'd all like to forgetthat year in US soccer...": That was just a flashback to 2006!"
Reg. vacuuming keeps carpets & rugs looking neat & clean but also by removing dust & dirt u reduce the chance of permanent damage.
Hopefully today is decent, lmao as I'm typing this my cat throws up...
Happy valentines day!!
nah I needed a day off I haven't taken off since october
really?? What all did you use?
Believe me it is, my real smile is too bad for these self photos. If I took it with a strait face you'd see the difference.
We aim to finish what we started...1st rehearsal of RED LIGHT WINTER tonight!
#latin for the day - Omnia mors aequat. - "Death makes all things equal."
I want to marry someone someday... But good women are few to none...
listening to Drake :D
If I hit 800 followers, giving away prints of Miller or Cal to a new follower, an old one and one for someone who shouts me out to their ppl
I'm so unbelievably excited for tonight at it's almost ridiculous
Looking forward to some very creative original publishing. dmp
No. Did see everyone setting up, though (live close by the parade route).
Thanks, i try and Yes, I am Frank
Yes, you will be back. Rest up, heal, and God bless.
That's another great feature - it auto-generates parent access codes
RT I can't, bruh. AF folk love that dude too.
Hey , its OMER! HUGE MTV FUN FACTORY party w/ CHANEL 2nite ! Plus, bar210 has been HOT! Want to come? Reply YES 4 VIP LIST INFO.
I will send you a copy as soon as it ships.
Always raise your goals; that way peers don't realize you never meet them.
Did you mail all the may issue magazines to the subscribers?
Intense plan. How long did you read each day?
That Shake Shack tweet absolutely made my day, my week.
I have the most retarded hips on the entire world >.< every time I walk it cracks.
No social life . ell oh ell
My brakes failed and I'm getting towed back to Minneapolis.
They are 9 weeks and 2 days old, and I lost count a while ago. :D Check them out on FB, if you like!
oh o news to talk to u
Conversation I overheard: "you're a senior?" "no but I'm graduating early". ....I wish that was me.
ALEC supports laws that target minority voters and sponsors laws similar to AZ 1070. Glad that Coke bailed on them.
Installing windows 7 tommorrow, my message to microsoft? THRILL ME!
The things that we let come out our mouth.. Smh.. I'm for freedom of speech but dang....
goodmorning sunshine<3 I had a dream about you!(; <3
glad to help
Marine Mammal Mania is going on now at ! 4/20-22 features our favorite, Harbor Seals! Head down for an afternoon of fun :)
I gonna get it for sure! I wish I could get the actual CD but for now I'll have the iTunes one
Malkin with the hatty
if you're talking bad about austn's dad, or any of the crew, watch your back. mahomies will find you, b*tch.
last rehersal before thursday tonight. special thanks to for the sharing of the kit
Happy New Year! Crush it in 2012!!
good job tonight!!!
me too.
I cannot wait!
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat.'
#20ThingsAboutMe when im mad i take my mood out on anyone in my path
hey just read your last blog post. i'm following my dream this year too!
I prefer the one on the right I like the shoulders
yes! they look great in photos! you can always buy your own for much less if you're confident in your ability to apply them.
. crushed it at tonight. Awesome show and great guys (insomuch as a two minute conversation can determine)
I can't sleep I really wish I could love ya to Dow gurtz
Got to John Harry play with his band at the Acadia Cafe tonight. You may know him better as Harry on 93X in the Twin Cities.Great show John!
we're expecting full coverage from you lol
Stop being careless and care less.
That entire movie drops so much knowledge its ridiculous
Play hard tonight for my grandpa he passed away this weekend. Go Brewers!
i'm sorry. i know that pain. just keep your head up ;). everything happens for a reason
Lunch at the for old times' sake next Friday when you're in town, ?
lol no its the b oys mom.. she is a alcholic.. and just necer ends with her
I know really.
What cha doing?
Wrestlers are the toughest. The hardest thing to do in sports is to hit a round ball with a round bat
this is all making me hungry.
Today iite lik i predicted it was nuffin special
Christina Baldwin~ Change is the constant the signal for rebirth the egg of the phoenix.
Ok I think we on The Same Page! Let's see how this goes!!
#swsw is no when it comes to keynote interviews
I just made my first sale!!! I am so excited!! Now if I could just get some people to book some shows! :-)
Message to Rick Santorum: It's impossible to ban porn without banning the internet first, good luck with that.
yes, sick and tired !! The problem is my cats hate change. I'm still a GA. Boy!! Southern born, Rebel raised!! Lots of guns there
happy birthday homie. 👍
wow, that's gay! Haha
#OpenMobile provided a gr8 broad overview of the mobile eco-system. Great to see #appcelerate focused on the app and user discovery.
It's your heart, not the dictionary, that gives meaning to your words. - jesus
RT I was on the Traveling Science Club while in high school
Finally, it comes out officially that Ryan used the restrictions to get Uthoff to come in and talk about it.
Happy Birthday ! Have fun celebrating, Carie! It's on a Friday -- isn't that nice?
NIGGA IT WENT FROM 350 TO A PEAKING 545 WHAT THE FUCK
When life gives you lemons....tell her to pass the vodka too ;)
Kristina Woosley showed a clip from Apple's "Knowledge Navigator" from 1990. Siri's predecessor.
If you are looking for some peace in life, first things first you must quiet your mind and practice your mental strengths to acquire
Yes, Flacco is an eligible receiver today.
will do
no jackass, thats jus expressin how serious i am, i cant possibly in heaven nor earth yell at u while im typin, dumb limp dick
NPT chan 8 is showing the boyfriends family "The #CarterFamily"!! How cool!!
Yes. More than jobs. Also when, how often, why & what it means. I'll happily share results; just drop me email
Gotta love my life. Ha just kidding
You're welcome, and we'll take a look!
The people at TheRush inspired me to start running. first mile: 12:07 without stopping. Holla!
Today.....Love your people, people <3
Last day to sleep in...advantage taken!
if that's what cha wanna call it
but peaceful occupy style movements R proven over history. Works in all parts of the globe. The Only tried & true way
thank you Soror!!! It was so great to meet you!!!
Once again, the world is a flood with bad writing.
Some good sleep, and a new day is waiting for me.
RT: abletlawyer: Love using OneNote to organize a case/evidence for a trial. Everything at my finger tips notes during trial
Anyone think Nightly News segment about JFK Book on tonight's Rock Center is an advertorial? How do you feel about such "news"?
yes. 2014 is going to be the greatest.
RADIO JOB POSTING: Awesome Coastal Top 50 market looking for Hot AC Middays/imaging. Send demo/resume 2 !
Is this real?! Holy .. something.
where is my GF i miss her :( <3
Good news,moms still pissd but she gav my cell back,n i kinda fixd my cam.but all well,ill just type my Qs on the 31st k.luv-bri
agreed, Kobe wont be denied! go LA
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
love how u use mamma SCAN SCAN
Does Carb Face know you call her that?
Will be in Orange County CA this weekend- any great food,coffee spots or hot yoga suggestions?
wishes everyone a Happy New Year! Please continue to help us end #ChildSexualAbuse & #ChildSexSlaveTrafficking!
Honestly why isn't it summer yet?
The challenges of advocating for audience research...oy.
same here! Already have tix to the 5/4 game. Can't wait!
shoulda told that to whoever tried to teach you hahaha
there's crossroads on Hawthorne.
Really - 2 pop up ads and 10 banner ads on one page for an article that is 2 paragraphs long??
I got to follow me now should follow me! Ah Pwease Bailey
only 1 he 7 mins left... Talk about cheap bill vs actual service,, damn you Verizon!
I Love You Too.:)
Agreed 2 do another school closing ceremony yesterday. Was disappointed when asked my rate! Charge to speak to our kids? Come on! Free99
SEO is a technique which helps search engines find and rank your site higher than the millions of other sites.
Today has been long. Reading a chapter of my book, meditating, and then going to bed.
yeah me too! but re-watching them is actually pretty awesome.
I FREAKING MISSED SAY SOMETHING!! CANT FIND IT ON YOUTUBE!!!!! WHAT DO I DO?!? IM GONNA GO CRAZY!!!!!
haha or jut give the movie to someone responsible as soon as I finish watching it haha
congrats on your emmy nomination! producer!
Ha ha ha! I'll go look!
had dinner with a photographer and a writer. everyone has stories to tell. we just do it in different ways.
straight up
lol I blow up your phone :)
where the hell is tim tebow going?
did you get an iPhone?
Yet "Bullying" was rated R! Even more perplexing.
Seems what I mistook for an #okcupid correspondence going REALLY well may have been a fair young thing using me for wank fodder.
got a red card.
We may not choose our conditions, but we can choose how we experience them and how we experience ourselves
Caller: "I need to speak to the owner." Me: ...of what?
The internship search is in full swing.
Best way to lose thanksgiving weight gain? Dancing to December 2nd at the Magic Stik
RT : If Ke$ha called me, I'd probably cry, shake, and smile like an idiot like I did when I got tweeted by her lmaooo
no doubt.
Congrats! Looks like all the hard work payed off. How many more?!
Please GET THE JOB DONE!
Don't forget to set your Mayan calendars: spring forward, fall apocalypse!
We're not sending DM tweets. Hacked:( Got a heads up from a stylist this am. Took us a half hour to figure out what IDGAF means.
well since today is almost gone! Lets study tomorrow... Lol
How'd you get so smart? You must have incredibly savvy women in your life. 😉
#wiunion Anyone have any good Madison rally photos from today?
so u slap that heffa in the club cause of alchol huh?? im just touchdown
It looks like Beach Boy will contribute just as much to the #Giants as this #MLB season!
Whoa... K9 unit and cop cars on shoulder at 43N north Ave. That dog is a big beast!
I just received a bill for calling an ambulance. I refused transport, ergo I did not ride w/ them. I was charged a standard fee. wtf?
Friday #lunch special - STONE CRABS!!!!
Science Daily puts out all research - but Frontiers may well have its own agenda - just an interesting data point.
u should put zombie on repeat for inspiration :)
If heaven is a place where the angels go, then I guess you're going straight to hell!
Ouch. Velveeta & Holidays? :( RT The problem with planning a holiday grocery trip to Whole Foods is they never have Velveeta.
I miss my boo jaz. We need a lunch date like ASAP.
Implying we're bandwagon? 14 straight years of losing yet I watch, listen or go to just about every game. Get over yourself.
Saints were like the mob..stalking coaches,bounties..they're going to find that Haslett ran a brothel at the creepy superdome
We just remade "Baby". But about statutory rape.
hit me up phat boy
12th St. as well. RT Embarcadero stop on bart just closed due to 'civil disturbance'
We are the reckless we are the wild youth, if your sill breathing your a lucky one, collecting names of the lovers that went wrong
TV ALERT: Super Bowl XLV airing on in 23 minutes. You're welcome.
is it changed?
nope. you can't. so i'm just gonna ignore you. sorry. shoulda thought about that before you let your girlfriend of 3 days
“LET'S ALL FOLLOW : Follow my uncle !! ”
it's all marathony outside today
Bed time=happy time. :)
HEY!! It's ERIC LEVI. My father delivered you!!! How Marissa Michelle and Bobbie? Say hello for us. Nice to see you on Twitter
what kind of civilized people eat the body and blood of their savior!?
o that's all da deigns u do
Stay humble. Good night/morning.
But its two ns!
It's so beautiful outside and I have to work all day. Wahhhh.
LOL! Roach update?
#successfulvacation everyday of my life
Some of the hills I saw in Pittsburgh… yikes.
Thanks for all who came out to support Chicago Voices. Kudos to actor Harry Lennix, Poet K-Love, and actress, T'keyah Crystal Ke'mah!
I wonder if they want an autograph from "Batman" or Bayle. :)
one step at the time will take to achive your dreams!!
I have no idea how I unfollowed you either lol
how to love
no go ahead and send me a text
I will miss you!! Say hi to fashion bitches in Ohio!
Coach Joe Scott of the Denver Pioneers says focus is the key to continued success
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
is "thusdday" your british accent or fat fingers? :)
yes it is! Thanks!!!
I hate getting burnt when I go tanning..
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. MLK Jr Help Haiti
thank you so much for making my day!
Yes, you can find someone that is eager to work for minimum wage without benefits. It still doesn't make it right.
George W. Bush endorsement of Romney was about as warm as a Dick Chaney Christmas Card to the ACLU.
Some more "4-20" Acts 4:20 For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard~ fearless!
definitely do it. so worth it. make murtaugh skip soccer.
Figures. I read the reviews on that movie before seeing it & they were the most accurate reviews I ever read.
Nah just lowe's RT : Working in retail makes me realize that people are really fucking bizarre
Happy Mardi Gras! I hope you have a blast!
Nas is like
Why does popping a zit remind me of the 4th of July?
There's a Hans Wehr Twitter account?? genius
12-21-12 bullshit they said this would happen in the 1900s it will pass people say its a big prediction the only thing is we will live :)
the man you mock has already won a cup this year
yup and I just can't see the #Brewers winning it unless the pitchers & slumping hitters surprise us.
FREE Salsa Lesson from Salsa Baby, at 6:30 PM TONIGHT @ Salsa Under the Stars!
now you got him started
Snapping... What's beef to a butcher?
I saw a girl the other day she was looking good wonder if she saw me
What happened to the headquarters/base camp?!
Way to early! On my way to VU
leggo thunder , show them lakers who really better <3
Still hungry? Get a meatball sub with hand packed meatballs and sweet potato fries for $10.
Yes ma'am! You go gurrl!
when your guys say "no problem-no need to worry, I can take care of that"or "you will receive it in 2 days"-it is not so
Fourth-round tee times for South Georgia Classic Presented by First State Bank and Trust Company
Bitches don't know if they want to be gay or bi- !!!
ahahah so true.
Had a very fun time on a Carnival Cruise!
my mom used to work from home and the company when they laid her off told her to keep the printer they did not want it back.
how is it that I was in the SF office today and didn't get to see you guys? And now you are in LA?
#nurses make a #healthychicago , not cuts.
When u realize that those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter ur growing up!
Ahh got a bad tummy ache :/ this happens for eating at Taurino really late at night after a drinking session with the babe and friends .
Nobody ever let me fly through Kansas City ever again. Disembark plane into some kind of holding pen, and they don't understand 24-hour time
Burrrrrnnnnnnn RT I think Livejournal still has more active users than TMO has subscribers.
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Delicious food & wine for amazing bargain price at Ray's to the Third tonight. But baffling re: atmosphere. Could've been a Days Inn lobby.
I can't wait until GOT starts up again. It's so fancy!
Why do I feel like I mess up everything
Do not ask me back if I have never gone
Ut its the hottest street anthem lol they all say that
yeah I hope I don't either. For me it seemed like forever in getting out of that scary place!
$20ish. Can get you a more concrete number very soon.
Wright was a luxury pick. Holmgren said 'we wanted to have our cake & eat it too". He knows about cake.
It's early & all could change, but I will take 8-0 through first half of the day.
why u hate on ?? U know u can kik ur fuckn ass up and down the street not just the felt u jealous ignorant dumb fuck*
Okay so I thought you like hated me. But I miss you and want to see you. Plus, I'm dying to know what's been going on .
You are welcome!
• On the edge of my seat....
At that cost not something I totally dislike.
I give up.
Who has Tampico in their fridge right now? Send us a pic!
Iona is hungry
The pressure! RT : Our executive editor who could stand to tweet a little more:
Thanks. I look forward to seeing you too.
Thank you.!(: I've been looking for a blue one like that forever(:
Phillies came back ... at the expense of the 'Stros. Remember, Devin, there are no bad years -- only "rebuilding."
Well, fuck. That was great news. I'm going for a run.
Good luck with that because I'm not changing my mind.
I thought so, but didn't want to sound too pessimistic.
#YEE is #single! He's mine fersure!(;
Wedding Insurance! www.filmemporium.com/weddings.html
Great stuff happening. Get pumped!!!
Cleaning the house ipod on listening to makes cleaning bearable!! Thanks!
Rachelle:-) I sent you a text and just sent you a DM :-) BH XOXO
biggest challenge so far this year. Big!
Finding the vegan version of a recipe is like going on an easter egg hunt in the vatican. Dont worry UFC fans....still not vegan
Bruce Willis is Joe? #GIJoe. Now we know ...
I would, but sadly i'll be out of the country the day of the race. Just read bout DetermiNation tho, pretty great idea
RT : Begun to understand how folks get sucked into unedifying Twitter throw-downs Lifting hands from keyboard b4 I tweet again....
haha you too!
text me
lol where and what time?
Lots of new tour dates coming soon!
So I can't run Silverlight on Chrome, huh? That's pretty ridiculous.
Chicago is rooting for the original 6! #GoLocal #chicago Go Bruins!!
Finally justice has come to all. But always Remember 9-11.
:-( RT : #RIP American Automotive pioneer
Other than that... Good morning tweeters.
Just watched Social Network, what a dick. Although, the phrase, "Seanathon" was amazing.
Musicians, hit us up for a cinematic music video.
Mass would greatly benefit from a cohesive community college & state university housing strategy. Target gateway cities downtowns.
Hunger Games hangover.
Love The Architect of Flavor!
He got horns on the hood of his caddy, cruisin round town
So for all of you that read Out Here in Narnia thank you so much! Its just hit 400 reads :) Much love! -Caitlin xx
Just arrived in Seattle. Might have just met the most positive person on the planet...
“ If know one else do they do RT : I love the feeling my kids give me #Appreciated”< Very True
so glad to hear that, anything you need me to help you just let me know.
we are SO excited =)
Swans don't like vino :p RT ps tell Swan to go easy on the
just bought your upcycling craft book! Love it Danny!
Thanks so much, Frankie. I eagerly await your call ;) x
sorry about that. Retweeted quickly before I realized what it was. Since deleted.
Incredible. Got an alumni 4 u if u go! RT Accepted to GW with Presidential $40k scholarship!!! #GW2016 5 for 5!!
#FF - my business. A follow will get you a return follow, prizes and Wisconsin sports humor aplenty.
Looking forward to Urban Harvest 2011 tomorrow!
