New Album Update: Things are happening. Stay tuned.
play Gone
“:That awkward moment when someone gets Instagram and instantly thinks they're a professional photographer.”
I'm ready to start school monday
lazyy.. I had to leave an hour early anyway 2 catch 2 buses. And on 47th and cicero.. $650 utilities included..
how can u tell me if i care or not ?
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed. - 1963. -Harold Macmillan
Great project on co-expertise! Science and art orgs have a lot in common - letting go of authority is a challenge!
I'm not a smoker, but if I were, I'd peace out for a break about now...
We are sorry?!? What an ongoing disgrace to the church.
Going back to #MSB tmr for another round of observations!! :) #montessori Can't wait to see the little kiddies again! G'night peeps!
any future plans to bring Data Dive to Detroit?!
Never subscribed with RSS...wish I had earlier. Love following through Google reader, too. Makes things easier!
It kind of evens the playing field again. With Rose healthy, the Heat were never making the finals.
thank you!
Whhhoooooo it's Sunday. Have a blast at church everyone :)
Or get new adjectives. (:
It's time. ": Mike Leake is 0-5 #Reds"
they picked him up??
u know it
The '60's version of Dragnet was silly. I'm assuming the guy wasn't a hippie, though: it seemed like the criminals usually were.
umm no u do dang u know his race ;)
Love watching young singers perform.
Theatrical cut*. I need to stop saying words in my head and not typing it out.
alright .. see you then
it's not bullying if you do it behind his back, right?
☼ In America any boy may become President and I suppose its just one of the risks he takes. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
is the TRUTH. Can't wait until my next appointment!
Rep. Jenne point out that the business groups supporting bill for insurance companies actually operate insurance companies on the side. Ouch
I'll take it to you while you're in school
Join the Friends of Globe in the GD lounge (Brown 303). We will be walking over to Main for the 2:30 meeting.
I just got another DM from a biz saying "We wish you would follow us on Facebook" I should DM and say "I wish you'd stop with the DM's"
Heated enclosed Pet-Friendly Patio is perfect for any occassion especially HAPPY HOUR! (Tues - Fri 4-7pm)
Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday...
I know i hope i do get to travel and shit one day! sounds fun..but for now ima cali fool trynna survive hahaa
Just finished a wonderful (and delicious!) banquet honoring our RCD seniors! We'll miss you all!!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting :(
The entertainment i'm getting from watching this moshpit and eating quesadillas
''there's a lot of great almosts out there.''
i haven't seen it, but now i want to
right , right , but I just got me these pf's they cold.
Some nice #Rockwell calendars coming up
Oh, I don't know! That would be wonderful! RT: they going to sing as they serve? Cast of "A Christmas Carol" preparing dinner
Oh studio time today!!
Q4: We just have a picture of our log.
slow falling snow
be jealous
Hi Doug! Good to see you here on Twitter. Hope it works for you. Sometimes hard to get into the swing of it.
Right now denver needs a big with fresh legs like mozgov or koufos...
What are we doing about requiring building owners to maintain the current historic buildings?
Do you have #kids? Check out the #toys we have at www.dealshow.com up for auction right now, most start for just $1 or $2!
Tonight I ended up singing Mimi for the first time in donkeys years. It still holds such a special place in my heart.
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before. Why? The crazy economy and real
They look great! I love having my Twitter handle on my business card too- so much easier than having to write it on!
can please follow me?? I'm low on love right now
So many couches so many fires
Late tweet oops $2.50 Tuesday!! Qtr lb Regular Beef, or Polish Beef
I know #Bills fans split on VY. But I truly believe he gives team much better chance to win game if Fitz is hurt than Tyler Thigpen.
Just bought #SisterOfMyHeart! Have you read it?!
Be still and know 'I AM' God. Psalm 46:10 Give yourself the gift of #stillness to know your connection to God, #Lovingkindness and
Congrats! Deserving. Eagles and free-agent G reached agreement on a 5-year deal, $25 million deal, including $7 mil gtd.
I'm going to be sick of the NFL. Of course I'll watch because I'm a lemming, but I will complain until I fall off the cliff.
Need a cut with Lauren today? She's got an opening at 3 or 4! Who's gonna take it!?
Of them all gonna be with you.
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night. She's a real superstar.
Pierre is trending! Go Saints!
Time for a bike ride with on this lovely Sunday!
lol im just riding around wit my bestfriend tryna kill time luv
My throat must have the devil in it! Why am I being cursed?!
yea dude gotta love that emotion. Dirt nasty shot from the woods.
Aw, how sweet you are *-*. Thank you. How are you? Are you going to the BTWBall?
That awesome moment when Austin Mahone says
Happy Monday! Another beautiful morning at Pineapple Willy's Beach!
After bringing the hurt at the #blackjack tables to the tune of $10K the other day ... now I'm kinda scared to play again! LOL
I wanted to emphasize my crafty side, and less so on my hellish side. ;) Not everyone understands me like u do. HA HA.
no I need Motrin and a nap to relieve the charle horses
#FitWV Friday | Share your tactics and tips for healthy living. What's your favorite workout? Favorite healthy foods? Etc.
thankz so maybe wd should talk now well now that u followed me!!!
and I only say that because it is clear that Phx wants it more than preds, at least right now that is what is appears like.
You are so freakin gorgeous, it is distracting. :-)
taking short nap ;) Cheers! :D
#tdwg task group convener needs a "certain amount of moxie"
Good jam seshh at Vibe Asylum... Got some new songs down tonight soundin cherry! See you at Imua Lounge Mar. 30th!!!
You're a little late on the OJ story. We interviewed the author in early April. :)
...[pt2] get public dollars 2 attend PRIVATE schools. They get more bc those colleges CHARGE more. That's not right.
sour cream pringles are god
I got it...thanks
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I can't believe I'm up playing this. LOL
Setting my alarm 12:00 am just so I can wake up & be first to tell my best friend happy birthday(: love you
yep which made it 10x worse lol ;)
Since when is it lame to dance?
Trying to link facebook and twitter
If you don't like something about the dream you're living, start by imagining it the way you'd like it to be.
yes we are!(:
Recovering from a week of craziness, but things are great. Been a little silent on the social media front but will soon rebound.
#cfaleadercast #Leadership "if you want to be cool, don't be a leader." Pat Lencioni
": Your contact on my phone is: "Dont Answer"" I have a few of those!
we follow you, be fair!
Hedo days is only 3 days away. Total Baccian Delights. Naked people, naked things -but a slip-n-slide, a bouncy house, a sex tent, included.
yeah, i shed myself of the name, so to speak. moving on...
8 inches gone!!! Layers! Side bangs! Time to go lighter.
RT.... if you are single or are looking for someone special in your life <3
& you were correct, typo on my end! Should have read whole grain!
Tune into this Friday to see me and battle over leopard pumps.
good! You better clap for me lol. They moved it to Mizzou Arena if you didn't know!
your that dude
plus they're always part of longer hops, I think the US Air one I take to Columbus starts in Maine & stops in Boston before PHL.
PLEASE RT. follow me I follow back! Also check out my YouTube channel !
I think the most good looking person I've seen in a while is my mirror. +2 Ego.
Thanks for the
Stagecoach County Music Festival wraps Sunday
make sure you check our site for for the latest reviews, news, products, videos and Home of Royal Gaming Nation
Thanks! Likewise!
Totally get that! My wife is similar. She'll watch SCREAM, but (& this is kinda cute) not v. scary ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARKs.
RT : I live in St.Louis and use Twitter for PLN. I learn so much from others here.
As soon as it hit 12:01 Monday was bad.
We have another gift card give-away coming up! Let's get talking!
Well this day was wasn't the best. I learned a lot. Thanks for the lesson.
My birthday is 10 months away from yesterday :)
Check for leaks in your #flashing. Have someone spray water on the area, while you look for leaks in the attic.
Breaking news now: Casey Mchee is still better than Aramis Ramirez. Thats all.
Don't care about any money makers out there, I rather make my own and care about myself
The Dartmouth Aires are UNREAL! no question they're better, but knowing #thesingoff they'll probably be sent home.
okay I'm never watching that movie again. never again. I'm going to have nightmares for a month. I dont ever wanna look at a doll again.
I don't think anyone likes going commando, it's just that they are to lazy to wash a load of underwear!
Pick your poison
plan ur vacation
Omg, your birthday is on easter. ::OO. sexy easter bunny.
Last night was the night to play Bill in anything. He started early.
well go ahead if that tickles your fancy lol!!!
love you.
Cramps are not fun. Mother nature hates me.
ugh. What a nightmare.
ok now back to the graphics !!!!! What's up y'all? Dolomite is my name and speaking my mind is my game! lol
“Freshman year is all about learning how to navigate the college experience, and study habits are a huge component of that.” Corey Ariss
What's Up?
Ha!! Thanks for clearin that up for me ang. I was very confused.
Thank you for the #FF mention!
It's spring! Enjoy.
Lmao!! Lunch menu police: Cia Parrish
Merry Christmas to all the PUccias lover e non ciao
have no, no idea.
The ending was a bit melodramatic to me but it was still amazing! Sam is such a great character! Go finish your cover letter!!
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death - Albert Einstein
I love that movie, soo good :)
hi cat :] omg i've been dying to say that
my brother would be sitting next to rob kardashian in miami
Another quote I relate to...Diego Rivera-I dream a lot. I do more painting when I'm not painting. It's in the subconscious.
amazing what 6 months exercise and good diet can do I almost feel skinny twittering this morn away 8am yogi ,run an hour this eve-slim JimC
right. A lot of cool things happening. Like seeing action item. Free concert. And on a Saturday! Life is great!
When my boyfriend randomly calls me >>>>>>
I was wonder where did all da throw back wrestlers go they on this IMPACT WRESTLIN
No problem chief :D
Good morning! thx for the weather update! Now how do i get away with wearing flip flops at work....
My motherfuckin back Finna cave in if ion eat now
Will Smith slapping reporters now thats fun. Lol
Grilled cheese are pretty much the most delicious thing in the whole world.
will you give me neck?
my klout score is only 50 cries, bc I hate FB well, I love how it connects but it is committed to exploiting us. but only if we let 'em
Leave it to me to mess up my bosses email! Ah
Wis. elections board asking judge for at least 60 days to review #wirecall petitions. Hearing set for Wednesday
The digital divide is not diminishing. It has morphed.
Thanks! Let me know if I can return the favor :)
Heading up to Madison to see the guys. friendly wager this weekend?
I was in New York this weekend:)
Movie mode !
Laying in bed sick :(
Just don't get it...
I really don't like snow
dont do to much on this account going to start being more active :)
Would like to let u know that I'm going to marry :) will send invites soon <3
Tranzit guys are killing it and the crowd energy is epic here!!! Get ready for Chicago
What the hell? It's July 5th and people are throwing fireworks? July 4th was yesterday!
I was writing stand up comedy in my head all night. Talk about a nightmare. Pretty sure it's 's fault.
nastalgia hits... ah yes. mercury in retro? hope everyone is having a loving new year.
I Don't want to graduate.. Finally got comfortable going number 2 in wcl
So far I have one that is almost like that--it has to be ordered from Italy though :(
Remedial Kitten*
The now played their 4th season in a 5th Ward Frank Gehry designed arena, paid for by the Potawatomi's.
Great meeting you & Vee today! Excited to connect & learn more about Tribeca Teaches.
going to the movies. and out.. out .. out. for abit. hopefully it will not rain.. pelicans on the lake..
Is beautiful!!
great to hear that you want to come out. Just direct message u an address and how many u want and we will get them out!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously. In case you were tired of "Mr. Nice Guy", please just stick with regular drugs <3
Seriously, the App Hub dev site for WP7 apps has to be the worst developer site ever. 50% of the time things seem to function correctly.
#thingsmybestfriendsdo come to my house on my birthday and surprise me!
haha how does that even happen?
Got a monster in my pants And if I ever got the chance Gonna cram it down your throat Watch you gasp for air and choke <3
Million man march.
This song is so sad.
SXSW bound on the train with Adrienne....woo :D
Rapelisberger or Fitzpatrick?
#someday i will..look at my computer screen and have it say "justinbieber is now following you"
WOW! Another $30 from Christopher! THANK YOU! Come on! Lets help S.O.S!
When you follow your friend and he dosent follow back.
Thanks to all my teammates for makin this a great year
Went to see Seven Pounds. Liked it, I don't think I have ever seen a movie with a plot quite like this.
great portfolio!
please follow me!
I'd like to think there will be a big tour before too long! Working up new songs now, and there's a new EP on iTunes!
A great question from the #ICD10 forum: What is the more important objective-- #revenue neutrality or revenue accuracy?
If you wanna leave fine just don't tell me you love me.
Make sure you check out in the upcoming flick
Hello, how are you all ?
ha, so true!
but how would you want to be remembered buddy as a person people never liked or a person people loved.
You know they can BELIEVE Braun took 'roids but I KNOW Sosa used a corked bat
enjoying a cuppa real hot chocolate
Want to improve the contour of your neck w/o neck lift surgery? Innovative, minimally invasive option: Implicitguide® Surgical Suture System
"'What do you mean, "If I can"?' Jesus asked. 'Anything is possible if a person believes.'" Mark 9:23
#21JumpStreet looks so funny. keeps getting better & better, IMO
Yeah. Last night! (:
hi Brick Stone Remington!
Undead! Although unread is not inaccurate.
<-- now following
Teach is back on set for Teen Wolf tomorrow. Watch out.
why would glass sell now? because he could make about 200 million dollars
Great meeting with you today. Between you and , these Pre-Combine guys are getting the best of the best!
Birds of a feather DO flock together.
content and it's interaction work best as equal partners, IMO. I am, however, loath to disagree w the guru :)
We can just do jazz hands
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?� � Jackie Huba, author73
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
Some of the #OWS protesters are more BARK than BITE. You can't be taken seriously when you take months off!
Yup, this crap is never real but people keep blindly RTing.
wedding Dresses
PAC man would fight if mayweather would stop being a coward 50/50
“ real females live for today”
i see you riding that wavy too my dude! I feel you 100!
Just watched joyful noise with my family. I really liked it too(:
he will I promise(: Just don't give up. I'll even help you.
Now I have a headache!
it seems strange he caught everything Flynn threw at him but looked like shit in the last two games with Rogers
I just wanna go home, this is boring.
Any suggestions for the OneAmerica signboard #SuperBowl week, #Indianapolis?
Anyone else need to have everything straight, parallel or right angles? eg, today the treadmill was on an angle, totally bugged me 4 30mins!
Upgrading to Lion. I'm scared.
I don’t need social networking. If I haven’t spoken to you in ten years it wasn’t because I couldn’t find you, it’s because I don’t like you
Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best
Did you know that when you run out if sweet relish & add dill your tuna becomes Sweet & Sour? My dealing with boiled eggs this weekend lol
The absurdity is very appealing. I may wait for its arrival, munching on foodtruck grub outside
WIN 2 ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO LONDON! | Compete in the Royal Pub quiz TONIGHT | 7:30PM - 9PM |
not related extended family i must say.
Have you noticed some of the different writing styles lately? I'd like to welcome Mark and Luis to the team of updating our social media!
I love that everyone's finally up to speed on , but please stop comparing him to Tim Tebow. That is pure
BREAKING NEWS: is still pregnant. Her baby will be born in 2017.
5 likes away from 900-spread the word if you believe in the movement!!!
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
seriously why is everybody fake?
you probably dont know this country but greetings from Qatar :D
I'll let the loss side after witnessing Lee's human pretzel routine. Classic.
don't spam me. I might cry.
Better hurry up or I'll get locked in target.
I missed Detroit news... fine ass Glenda Lewis!
Bravo! good job for keeping the wheels of government moving!
RT : RT : RT if you really want a snow day tomorrow.
"If I was president everyone would wear cheeta print everyday!" Bitch the day YOU become president is the day I move to Canada !!
party outfit almost complete! Just waiting for my to arrive and I will be ready to party! #papercutmayhem !
O: Of course!
30min into Mister Nanny, we're averaging one feat of strength every 2.5 minutes.
Victoria Secret Fashion Show tonight?
I always #geotag my tweets just for u Scottie. #JFK #Delay #SOP RT : Where is ? lost you
RT : I pledge to #makeadiff everyday in lives of the children and adults who depend on me. Pledge with me. www.aft.org/pledge
had dinner at L'Abricot Patisserie in Tijuana, having their Ravioli Sampler, plus some tasty desserts. OK, so it was Mexifrenchtalian.
#Music is my "Påssiøn" #Ethic is opposite of "Pi†iƒul"
best wishes. i love yr poems & video poems &c. by the way. have i actually said that? they're awesome.
Every week, until all invites have been sent out or we exit beta mode and go public. This is how we knock out the kinks.
working on the current node.js project. awesomeness and fun.
I just got legitimately Rick rolled for the first time in my life.
Love your song "Texas"! U puttin it in homie!
there's nowhere else better than Boston for sports fans! Such a shame that the Celtics came up short last night :(
so u mad huh? I blew ur day already lmfao
As a matter of fact, Tony, It's chalk that is used so that his hands don't slip from the ball. Responding your question, no.
#youstayingsingle is the reason you bitch and moan all the time...not my fault you suck at life!
Thanks, Councilman! :)
OMG FOLLOW
join us April 2 for our Reno bus trip. There will be drinks, food, and plenty of fun! Above all, your $$$ benefits our program.
See us here. www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Al Qaeda To Osama Bin Laden: 'Fox News Lacks Objectivity,' MSNBC Not As ... - Huffington Post
Illustration, is very hard work, I need to hurry up and finish this.
DS: I'm gonna die!!! Way to go Pollard & Smith!!! YES!!!
all i care about the money give a fuk about the hoes
“: I wonder if my mortgage bank will take a byline credit as payment for next month's mortgage. Somehow I don't think so" so true
Now that's the kind of story I like. Visited in 76' and you brought back memories. Keep it up.
I Was Writing Riddles In Everyone's Yearbook, Who Figured Theirs Out Already?
RT : Sobriety Checkpoint overnight I-25 and San Mateo NE. 18 DWI arrests
Why is it that in almost every photo we have of , his mouth is agape?
Wow! Color me intrigued …
#ImThatPersonWho will be the new kid one day.. and be the nigga you look up to the next week
Thanks Cliff
oh wait the link should be in my tweets if i posted it on jan. 16 lol
Been looking for the zip-over #travel #pillow & having no luck! ? ? ? ? ? ?
Go online to register and secure a seats in our great workshops and seminars! Or call 212.594.9616 for MORE.
LOL. You've been called into family PC repair duty?
PR No longer any military importance to US. Jobs moving overseas. Employment rate only 36%!
+ = cutest friendship on earth.
Thank you. Come in anytime this month and get $10 off your first massage!
AT&T...how to describe them and their service. What adjectives have you got for them? No foul language, please. Good luck!
bummer. i still kinda owe you a lift if you need one.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
good morning! :) i hope you have a good dayy <3
A Tribe Called Quest
I would love to run up on 1 of these kids that are sagging and yell at them just to see if they will run or fall on their faces.
Hey Ryan! We miss you at !
gotta go get my tooth pulled today..
#DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!#DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10'S
Everybody Follow My Boy He New To Twitter So Fuck WIt Him Thats My Bro!
Bikini Bar Bikini Bar Bikini Bar!! FABULOUS MUSIC SHOW....BE THERE!!!
hahaha that was my reaction too! RT : NO!!!!!! :) RT : Hm what's the next shoe comin out ??
When something sound to good to be true .. It probably is
I'd like to submit my client, country artist for a feature on your site. Plz contact me to discuss. Thanks!
Chores Suck Ok . They Just Really Suck .
Tuesday 1pm mosaics With dotti at the shop only $10. W.bethsdiyworkshop.com
Morning at home: espresso, putting out fires, and preparing for afternoon meetings.
NY Undercover! I love 90s black tv
Kashi Honey Almond Flax + blueberry yogurt
Marquette is the fastest team in Tourney
no doubt. I love new phones!
Umm.. That's kind of disgusting. Who uses regular Listerine when they have minty fresh now??
Damn, tired kid...
Inside the theater!!! Great seats in the balcony. #AvengersAssemble!
Thanks to customer service!!
To infinity and beyond..;)
Are you (or do you know) an #Italian American woman 18-35 interested in a #research project? Follow for more info!
why don't you come with me ?
swag me out bitch
Work That Triangle Face ((: But No one Can Do It Like ((: Hahah
Feeling pretty indignant on Kacie B's behalf. She was confident, cheerful, drama-free, & too nice. WTF
Taking action to make things happen feels really good.
So proud of the team that hired, welcomed, and taught me proves that I got the best experience an intern can!
I told him I was going to class with Austin and he told me to say Hi to him.
It's great! Love you too!
I'm gonna be saying hello to as many people as I can today in honor of the day of silence. Interesting research technique lol
You know you are #inthehood when your portable GPS says, “Drive faster and put me under the seat.”
go figure that when i need to use my 'z' key the most, it's being a bugger.
loved you on
Please RT Benefit for Scott this Sat 9/17 11am American Legion on Kelly St
happy birthday to my youngest son!
10-23-83 Famous "Last Battle of Atlanta" as Tommy Rich beats Buzz Sawyer to end their feud @ sold out Omni. The winner? Crack.
Well my throat doesnt hurt anymore but now i have a stuffy nose! >.< rawrrrrr
Moving mountains - on repeat
So I cut one side of my yard, and ran out of gas. So I was waiting on my father to get home so I can go get more gas. Guess not anymore.
In your location I would suggest sharing Feed The D's Facebook, Twitter and Website, or maybe even consider donating.
Awesome background :) :)
I'm on an amazing weight loss/muscle tone product right now with great results if anyone wants any information let me know!
Good for you!!!
i wanna bake urs too
Fuck that bitch and her boy frd,wtf she thought this was..
We are going to start streaming our seminars LIVE. We are all set with the technology. LIVE nation wide baby!
#ff give a follow - Director of Communications for Athlete & Property Mktg group
"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." Romans 12:2
Sadly, my children are well-versed in labor laws. I get an earful every time I tell them to get a job.
Kayla brianna if you love me ft. best song ever!!!!!
Didn't get enough accomplished today. But it's my first night off in 10 days so I'm not gonna worry and relax a little.
I'm loving my Thinkpad, it's a t420 with a 120 gb ssd. It was a bit on the expensive side, but it's been reliable so far.
What do you think of my idea that Scott Parker might be a good addition for Arsenal?!
DON'T SPANK YOUR CHILD
do it purple! I want to do it so badly, but I'm still trying to go back to my original blonde. do it for me!!!
Yeah, really amazing and dominating. #BCHockey is on a serious roll, and I'm expecting a championship tonight.
check out George Hobica
Thanks and welcome all new followers. Be doing some giveaways in next couple days. You all are the best
My Gran Torino tweet is popular;apparently I'm not the only one watching it
There is a huge difference between training and learning
Do I really have to wait 8 more months till the patriots can try to win it again? FUCK
AUDITION 4 OUR HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST send your submissions to
Make a memory we'll never forget and whisper those words I never said. <3
You niggas should be shot in the fucking face with no Funeral deserved.
:( I broke my butt
Watching you walk out of my life do not make me bitter or cynical about love
it stops cramps and has more electrolytes than regular sports drinks!
My penis just threw up ;)
Happy Birthday!! :D
ok, thats good to know that you are trying to help us. (:
Your tech support is on this & we'll get it worked out. This happens. You all are fantastic and I am an extremely happy customer
I already miss comp season ;(
#Oscars tonight.So how's your favorite to win?
18 days of school till regents week.
No idea.
You better be! Go Bulls! Have Fun! RT I'm going to be the Bulls' lucky charm at the game tonight! :)
Can 10 more follow- for me? <3
Our first Daily Melt: Take a picture that expresses the character of each of your muds. Upload the image(s) to the blog.
ok i dont wanna give the HOLY STATE a bad name!
RT Would it kill my 6-month-old son to say “Thank you” just once?
Calhoun says despite lack of precision of keyword searching of abstracts/summaries, the effort is well rewarded by increases of use.
Client just completed a demo. IT group vetoed it. Asked me to bird-dog others. Will pass along any specific feedback I get.
Cool stuff with bes fran Jus like ole times
And no relation to World B. Free!
thank you!! I'm so excited and happy :)
Gooooooooaaallllll. Go Arsenal!!!!
our team is here looking for folks who may need a hand.
Fantastic discussion at Brooklyn heights synagogue this p.m. About the midlife
RT "Please, God, give me direction.. 💛"
WAT UP BIG HOMIE WHEN U COMN BACK DOWN TO PALM BEACH?
Hey moms, how would you spend the perfect #MothersDay?
So glad I saw Marvin Seth & Stanley at #wifilmfest. So funny and honest, and Central Minn may never look so lovely again.
Wingstop!!! RT : In & out burger or wingstop I can't decide -_-
im good just chillen u in Indy?
isgiving a 20% discount to all veterans today!
under 6' buzzed hair. : Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
thanks congrats to you too. I found out a couple weeks ago and I was getting curious about who the other ELs were.
Hello Goodbye Atlanta.
Plans for today are very confusing.(:
I learnedd how to play a neww game todayy (: # fun !
Good luck!! RT : I will return to Twitter in two weeks or less.
Boston, Massachusetts
I might just go to sleep in the movie theater....
“: The #NYSenate is adjourned until tomorrow at 3PM.” all done for today, but follow & notice again tomorrow at 3pm!
I'm not a fan of keeping jobs around, just to keep people employed. Otherwise, we would still have lamp lighters
Why ya'll trippin'? I'm just fine.
Hey Perry is it a mlm or network mktg co? Just curious as that is what i've been doing for quite some time.
Have a good time. Say hi to everyone for me. Love u!
"A dense fog lies heavily on the still sea. There is no wind. The swells of the ocean are barely perceptible."- FOG
I am thinking about writing a #nonprofit #article. Thoughts?
i love you
I have so much work to do its making me unmotivated to do it.
Dedication: ERIN MELLOTT, Love for ever.
Anyone have good examples of good Twitter contest landing pages?
Going to the gym now. BBL. :)
to infinity and beyonce
No #rooftop toursm 4 Gus. #Seamus aptly named.#Mitt was 4ward thnkg naming #dog 4 what he'd do for the #Romneys in 21st Century
I would like to work where you work.
if you like great music that's why we are following you, b/c we do too!
I'm at #pmase with my colleague Joy introducing folks to GATech's PMASE program.
Hey Janet! Great to see you.
Spring is almost here! Like this post if you’re ready for spring weather.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights feat Mr.V - See U Move (Original Mix)
#nyy #yankees We are the BRONX BOMBERS. We have not only HR hitters, but world class athletes... don't alter the prolific swings (cont)
where the hell are you?
RT : rocking that avi!!!! Happy Mother's Day boo!!!- thank u girl. Happy mommy day to u too
We are all winners in changing the lives we touch. BLESS US ALL!
wish I could “: On the move to with for happy hour. #openInvite”
yes please! Are you still going to OU this weekend?
Oh? Well thanks <3 ;) Lol I'm flattered. How old is he? I'm only 15 /:
www.efusjon.com/livealoha...much better for us
10 years older :O
Q: Why would it be difficult to be a police officer?A: It would be tough to be an idiot all day long.
Rockin my awesome boots tomorrow.... If it's not too hot
I have one lead but not made use of it yet... still prefer something different
Adele, man overboard, brand new, dashboard confessional
Off to Universal Studios Florida before the sun's even up!
i love you and miss you tons #just sayinnn
Essentially we get confused a bit about what retail is. It's really just buying things, putting them on a floor and selling them.
6" of snow for #MKE .. So....i proclaim "habitat for martini" day for me! Have to build and provide safe storage for a martini or three.
I was kind of hoping for a "Animal House" type ending with their futures, but all in all it was good. & will def. be missed!
Taking a break from coaching to grab a bite and sign a case of books. Really enjoying this group of coaches!
Need a suggestion for something..Could you suggest a song for me to cover in my new youtube video?
In Statu Quo => In the same state
I went shoppn and talk is still cheap
We can offer you better than Intelligensia! Try at Armitage & Western or , they have a delorean!
care ? cause i dont .
Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly!
I don't know why ted thompson couldn't here me yell "Take Upshaw!" Would've been great opposite clay
sad business
Oakland California, wbu?
"Competition breads excellence, brings out the best in us." "Yeah. Tell that to Nancy Kerrigan."
hi...re hi-res photo...we only have the web version
Happy birthday by the way amigo!
you all can suck my dick
i can tell .
haha was that a rap ???????????????????? Hahaha stick to Rock or whatever shit you listen to
. how do I get a refund? Park Tavern is offering the same package for $30 direct. That makes Groupon 50% higher. Great deal!
just give it time
Can't wait to start work
Sleep would be nice..
Why is it so cold?
A Matter Of Taste for lunch M-F, Baja Burrito, Yellow Porch restaurant, Grimey's record store, Basement (rock club). A start!
Really... Am I the only one NOT in love with Rachel Zoe? I find her so uninteresting.
good luck! I tried that 6 mos challenge. After awhile it felt like a 2nd job.
smart girl lol
Who said Gingers can't play ball....Bonner!!!!
Lesson for citizen projects: don't waste people's time. If a computer could do it just as well, let the computer do it.
this new flannel is awesome though
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust."
The National Suicide Prevention Hotline number is 800-273-TALK (8255) & there are other resources here available for our brothers.
I hate when people wake me up -.-
Economic issue-will Palmetto Bay council move forward w/ 2003/04 FT&I economic plans properly. w/infrastructure put in place ovr 1st 8 years
We REALLY want to see One Direction in Vegas. Like REALLy bad.
And in unrelated #Bachelorette news, the boy's name "Kalon" just dropped 800 slots on the Popular Baby Names list.
Saw #InTime last night - great concept!! can act!
I love the border in ur room...its so u.
I thought so too, but I'm slowly realizing that maybe this industry isn't right for me.
Who knows how to get someone to shadow you.
": Hey DIYers! What's on your spring upkeep to-do list this weekend?"Buy new
is looking forward to interviewing on
Has anyone seen the posts for YPG (YellowPages) for Indy on Indeed.com? Are those real? It's a Canadian company.
you're in Dallas???
Just finish the 1st draft of the "Richard Beavers Show." filming starts in 120 days! Wish us luck!
thanks for great lunch. I always learn something!
The Waiting List has hit #20, but none of them have sent in their registrations yet. Will open up to the public this Saturday.
OMG!! my birthday is coming up pretty soon but anyways God bless everyone; Hanging out with my mentor today!! =)
AJA doc is amazing. Those dudes are so great. Dunno abt Big Star - tend to think of 'em in the same category as Grateful Dead.
Great interview with about how running a virtual company & remote working. Tune in Thurs (4/19) 11am MT/1pm ET!
so true. He is a prime example.
Haven't seen Leno's Headlines in a long while. Still makes me laugh.
yea that's goes hella hard... Is that one of ur artist??
I just realized i only have 3 friends..
Striking out is one of the worst feelings.
Creating a GDoc of C19 kitchen references based on feedbk from listserv. LMK if you have anything to add or want a copy!
Reminder: tonight 6pm HIT Lecture Series: Eugenia During, Director Regional Extension Center, DCPA, Prybyla 320C
bet u wont say homies
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
Bryz gotta stop worrying about the holes in the universe and worry about the hole in his legs. Both of these teams are gay.
soon to be grilling some rib eyes from the organic butcher. Gonna try steak chinois-style. See how it goes.
cute ass ;)
Lechoke James, does it again.
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." -- Richard Bach
#2011icf Insights from #DavidPeterson: “I think everyone is coachable…they just may not want to be coached on what YOU think they need....
Great meeting you & looking fwd to next time. My thx to & , & likewise all at
Trying this out.
There are things that are scaring me to death. But I have no idea how to handle it.
its diff throughout the building. warm ups and opening are loud, because the players want to hear it
no... Im not. They are smoking some thing.
These roads need to get fixed.
"...It's not abt me it's abt u.." ~ Mourdock <- Does she know how 2 pick em' or what?
Cp3 About to break Tony Parker All Game
On average, 65 people become millionaires every day
Brewers are killing me...you guys need handles on that ball?
How's it going ? How big is your Little Man now?
Oregon Baseball Best Baseball Gloves - baseball gloves
well thats always a plus its your best motivation :)
Harrison Ford oh If I was 19 in the 70s or 80s I would so let you have me
Studying for your Math 3C midterm? Feeling stressed? Come to the Math 3C review from 6pm-9pm today!
Already followed you and I RTed.
I wanna see Clash of the Titans. I hope it's not stupid -_-
do you know who Phillip Parker was? We do. And we are at his house today in TN.
My only friend for the rest of the week will be Library forever #SelfControl pulling a goodbye (for now) social media!
Can't wait to get you guys in here for Brew with the Brewer!
Goodnight everyone. More #WhenAustin's tomorrow! :D
Mitt is on trouble with the bully stuff. Not because its substantive but, because now America sees him as James Spader in Pretty in Pink.
I feel so lazy
Huge news for the Thunder. Someone that can body up Bynum RT : Scott Brooks: "Perk is playing"
People are hula hooping at 10pm on a Friday in the Pearl. So Portland.
Hi Darren, I spent time last night trying to find the Women in IT Group on Linkedin - No luck. Do you have a link handy? Thanks!
Hey Milwaukee beer drinkers, check out the new beer blog by Dan Murphy. It's good stuff, guaranteed.
Bloomberg must be inspired by our hallmarks: His state of the city address is titled "NYC: Capital of Innovation."
keep smiling..we'll always support you <333
thanks Berkley! It goes both ways. Looking forward to working with you at
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.” - E. Joseph Cossman (entrepreneur)
help trend
Ive been told multiple times, by lots of people that me & look alike ;o Lol
Home is a place you grow up wanting to leave, and grow old wanting to get back to. ~John Ed Pearce
I really like Philly but I don't think they have the goaltending or defense to beat either. Fleury largest part of PIT's loss IMO
its going down.....we're going to the dance
oh static electricity, i have not missed you
fuck! bring the kids! i'm sure they're already familiar with the foul language in the show.
can you please follow me????
We are home!! Whose ready to party?
Amazing run!! Haha #DedicatedToMyWorkOut from now on!!
Into work late today- must start a Friday with some #bikram especially one this cloudy.
still waiting for my tax return, how long does it usually take..?
“: Now, red solo cup is the best receptical, for barbecues, tailgates, fairs & festivals. -Toby Keith” speaking of
M boneless wings :)
I know. Most of his Centric stuff is weak. I know there's better writing/production out there. It kind of freaks me out.
My mood just went from a 10 to a flat 0. Why tf do I even care?
I never noticed the Nutrition Facts on the back of Mc.Donald's chicken nuggets 0_o 460 calories!
thanks for intel. Let's hope he is apprehended quickly without further violence.
Check out the live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
"I fish where the fish are" is 1 of my favorite lines to use when telling an account there not worthy of a new neon, tshirts or any valuable
At Scott's Branch High School in South Carolina with Talking #newtechnetwork and
Damn it's crazy even grandmas got iPhones lol
Alright. Nearly there.
get off of what??
RT : I'm so bad at putting in effort, but if I see you are, I will make sure I do too.
I just want things back the way they were
the human mind amazes me, truly.
You Too! But The Good Way<3 And Yeah I haven't grew ;/ I hope I have my growth spurt.
lol down size!!
Hot tub time
bra i love bitches wit a nigga dat means less talk more fuck lol
looking forward to your simulcasts at MSKCC! Just wish your app was up and running...
I know the feeling :-)
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. ~Unknown
Order your Sweet Jamaican Jerk Gourmet Pizza Now! Chicken, scallions, carrots, cilantro & sun dried tomatoes in a sweet & tangy jerk sauce.
cool morning in #fortmyers #florida #swfl :)
That was unintentional lol
Lots of vegan, gf, And normal baked goods. St. Claude near Congress.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
It definitely could help to get this guy's attention.
Oh, let me know how it is? I'm thinking of going later.
brb while I'm dying as maroon 5 and wiz are performing together
no one can tell me who i can be just i will know when the time is right
We're testifying @ the to explain #SocialSecurity online statements should supplement, not replace paper ones
Trying to find a truck is ridiculous!
girl come on! You are always welcome!
Studios see something that makes money, and they want to emulate it. -
"La Traviata" was the best opera I've seen yet.
You are constantly reinventing management culture to make it work.
right n get a non venomous one too
WOW REFS I LOVE YOU
u fina come thru sues
And I know id be good at it
I figured out the neo-confederate's jobs plan. They're creating jobs for transvaginal ultrasound techs.
on top of being the dj for bolo bash, players services, life guarding, yoga instructor, bear den assistant. Can you manage it?
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or get out of the way!
alexis, gettin' the D from the cereal man? ... probs not.
"If I had a penis, I would name it 'Secret', cause it would be strong enough for a man but made for a woman." - My friend, Mel. XD
According to a police report, employees of Extreme World were found at 2 a.m. repairing the ride that critically injured a 12-year-old girl.
Before #PILGF begins, I want to send special thanks to for everything she & has done for me & Team USA!
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed "I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER" .........
If your looking for todays best toys at the best price check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
hey Sharon :) sounds like U r having a fun day:) enjoy! be safe :)!
What is a Stella Artois? Find out during the #meet&greet for board nominees. Oh you can keep chalice while supplies last!
Great moments are born from great opportunity. And that's what you have tomorrow, ryan. Out of 10 tryouts you might be cut 9
Dental health is new secret key to canine longevity - Dentistry IQ
I mean really, who am I kidding here
Wow, that would be great. That's becoming quite an interest of mine.
I leave for china in 6 days 😳
Boise, ID we play The Shredder tonight at 7pm with and !
a week later lol.
Thanks! I started 24 Day Challenge this morning! So far so good :-)
RT : RT : Side benefit of April Fools Day: forces ppl 2 think "Is ths story tru?" Which they shld do 365 days a year.
Should do another giveaway? Retweet if you think so!!!
the sport of champions lol
My friend Hal said, "Put something back in the pot."
hey i want to send a shout out to the people who r following me " THANK YOU!"REPLY BACK PLZZZZZ
oh so is it gonna be hard to get ride of? :(
Dang, well when i see you again ill pray for you. this time super hard.
you're a bitch and you're gay!!!
Ditto from this Baltimore PR girl! Short weeks for the holiday - blessing or stress bomb? We're not sure.
Way too many Steelers jerseys but other than that AMAZING! So many fans! Whats your 1st round prediction?
Now he sits behind prison bars, 25 to life and she's not in his arms. He couldn't bring her back with a bullet to the heart.
THANKS HE HAS RSV DOING BREATHING TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT BUT I NEED HIM TO BE WELL AND GET HIM HOME HUGS TO U
I love Cheez its too!
Excited about a new client within the financial services industry.
How many of you have committed to buying #solar if you win the jackpot tonight? #megamillions =
Boy, that is a great show.
Key questions: "Is the content worth sharing? Can it be repurposed across multiple platforms?"
You know the Motto always be prepared to show somebody how much you don't give a fuck!!!
RT : I PROMISE YOU IT'S ENOUGH MONEY FOR EVERYONE! DONT BE A HATER JUST HUSTLE!!!! SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE G
It's going to be a good day. I can feel it in my bones.
haha had the same thought
what i wanna know?! hhahahahahahaha
no I'm doing the San Diego R&R the following weekend, but I'll be there watching! Are you doing it?? We should def meet up.
Yeah, sure.
It's a good kind of fail though
Dancing with the Stars: So Many Tears, So Many 10s
waiting for my redeem code peas 😜
Ur not sexy when u make that face
It's FRIDAY!!!!! Have you become a Shastician yet! Do it before the weekend is over! www.shastic.com
Finally gonna watch this documentary on Wisconsin Supper Clubs.
Just 36 more days until 1D concert I can make it(:
hope u feel better. Is Papa Legba out though?
starts today – for the latest, #FF and be sure to stop by theNAT and see what we have glowing.
blunt ridin through the storm
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
Hey hey Mama Dakota!!!
thanks Andy, see you tonight!
": Three teams to monitor as trade talks for Tim Tebow pick up: Jacksonville, Green Bay, San Francisco." Why Green Bay?
"Shawty come and kick it at the swang."
that is so cute
Dear marijuana, I'm going to have to leave you for about a week :( but don't worry I'll come back
Underground blackberry farmers have planted their seed in memorial circle!
no ma'am.
I'm so happy that you all are enjoying them!! : Oh yes the meat loaf cupcakes are the best..
won't let me follow you
One way to hone your ability to attract life's bounty is to pleasure and treasure yourself.
send him/her to hell with all he's/her crap about Justin beiber.
Thanks! That's a good one that's retained much of its relevance over the years.
There's a few meetups. Search the hash tag.
so crazy!GREATEST VOICE of everyone and everything,die,but not in our hearts,my family is praying for her and the whole world!
“: FACT: Post Offices use 4 checkouts...unless it's really busy, then they use only one. #Truth” you mean walmart?
Community colleges receive $500-mil for job-training programs: chroni.cl/p69aBr
: n life u will meet 2 kinds of people the ones who build u up & the ones who tear u down But n the end you'll thank them both
Thats a really good idea.
Happy Birthday Kenny! Thank you for all you do for Justin<3 Lets get Happy Birthday Kenny Trending beliebers!
id totally love to. I go there sometimes to hang during SXSW but follow he's a stupendous comic in Austin.
619 Vodka is now available at the ! Get down there and show them some love!
Thanks for the RT! We're looking forward to it!
Unfortunately it's 's last day at Good luck in Chicago!
Woah! I never win anything and I just won a giftcard thanks to Sargento #mom2summit (This tweet sounds spammy but I never win ANYTHING)
"Hey!...You cant sleep when you're working on your dreams!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
#Health #Tip: Lower ur risk of a hip fracture when u take a spill by resisting the urge to stiffen up; fall forward if possible.
Thanks for the shout!
sending love ur way as always..Good night/morning :)
If you still have finals, good luck!
I have friends on fb that are doing it. They all have lost weight
I WANT A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM #CJWATSON. AND THEN STILL KILL YOSELF
Writing w/ this afternoon!
Happy Geek Pride Day! I'm going to the event to celebrate. A few tickets are still available!
Adobe bowling party's got nuthin' on our booze cruise but I only say that 'cause we weren't invited.
if you have under 600 followers I would almost automatically assume you would follow back either way..but..
Meh... gave French Canadian poker one final go this afternoon and broke about even. On to drinks and poutine!
I would just love to stay in my bed all day
Thank you for being so active and transparent on social media. That is wonderful you respond to so many Guests.
Just tapped Lost Coast Indica IPA.
Pregnant wife complained about Braxton-Hicks contractions,if it's false labor,it shouldnt be real pain,& Mr.Braxton,Mr.Hicks &their children
Maybe Build-A-Bear Workshop would be the only place that would hire a fourteen year old... Hehe... Might actually be fun...
These PDX "Wheel of Fortune" contestants sure do love the Bankrupt space.
It's true! Each one sounds funny. For me what rolls off the tongue is "coffee ice cream." Never have drunk coffee ever!
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
": A beautiful woman pleases the eye, a good woman pleases the heart. The first is a jewel the second is a treasure" We R both
Can't imagine the awesome pride of playing for one's country. GO USA!!!
I wish there was a book I could recommend. There are no solid books on recent PG Co history, may be some articles.
The production has wrapped, the warehouse has been vacated. Now on to post production. This has been a huge challenge, but great!
Can't sleep. Doing the mature and responsible thing instead; playing Starcraft while listening to "Around the Fur"-era Deftones.
Site developers: use login and secret question to email me lost password. Never make me reset it, then i will never remember it!
Life goals are necessary
let me kno I got u
Sign quick we need ya! Fans like no where else i promise you that!
toast with fig spread, brie cheese, slivered almonds, honey :)
your so ghetto that ur using a silly band as a hair tie...
voting for Baron and JR Smith represent the Knicks in the "Prudential Shot Selection and Court Awareness Challenge" AS weekend.
ikr that is an overly obsessed jelena fan!!!! :) haha
Big things are happening...
im sure you guys did!! I cant help but to laugh. :) and thats right. GINGER ALE. :)
Great! I'm interested to get your feedback on my admittedly "sighted-person" instructions. Suggestions are always welcome.
Thanks buddy. Much appreciated ......)
Only happy when it rains? then move to Seattle, crisis averted.
I'm gonna say no.... since I don't see them now.
Trust your gut instinct... If something doesn't feel right, its probably not.
OMG! I'm moving back to Chicago and working at Groupon!!!!!!!!!!! (DEEP sarcasm)
I just walked 3 blocks for some lunch & literally almost blew away. Why is it so windy?! Crazy.
CALL today at 12 noon EST for "7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer." Dial 712-775-7000/code 966637.
still cant move my hips......
i don't see your email. email me here
Hating that I'm missing another #SDCC. Always short of time or money. This year it's time.
after 10 missed phone calls, finally got to talk to ryan!! Plus jersey shore always cheers me up!
Im here!
Kony, Pinterist, Dowton Abbey... I seriously have no idea what's going on right now. Also, my iPhone doesn't recognize any of those words.
A Sky High Victory: Oregon wins NCATA title | Sportswatch
God if either Deng or Rose made those FT's Bucks would be in the 8th seed right now.
I also recommend homemade bread pudding.
yup. I love feet!! Lol
Since spiders are going to bite me, I would at least like to turn into spider women or something. Come on,
maybe people just wanting to think theirs is best, to justify the price they paid
In relationships i only want 3 things Eyes that wont cry Lips that wont lie & Love that wont die...
Trying to live a healthy life style but my parents keep ordering delicious deep dish pizza.
josh hamilton should be my idol
I need to find lady):
yeah....i dont know what that says because i have a crappy phone...
anything that i need to know thats good bout u
Sadly, no.
I'm pretty embarrassing.
Hello My Beautiful Mahomies<3 just let you know that I love you ALL<3(;
Great to put a price on it, even though we all know the #ocean is priceless.
Need following for new website! Actors, Directors, Producers. Post your video blogs directly to major Hollywood studios. Will announce 2day!
Well didn't I just ruffle some feathers with B Spears. Glad my love for music and talent is shifting towards Wynter Gordan ()
kill it man
hey new friends! spread the word about DriveThruStudio.com - we're pretty much a web-based prod studio taking it back to basics, u'll <3 us!
thanks. it's not easy, but chantix makes it easier at least.
Feeling' bad for all my #PSU #edtech colleagues... Such a sad day. the BOT made the right decision... A very hard & sobering decision.
any big plans for Vegas? How long are you staying?
epic drunk with
BIG post coming later today!! {HOT spring beauty trends!!}
Thank you love <3
cop cars and ambulances at holden and highland park way
So many ex wizards in this clips grizzs game. Can't blame em for leavin doe
@ eleanor, the gift of prophecy
imagine waking up one day, and being worth ONE BILLION DOLLARS
Was Sarah shooting her again?? Haha
This class is so boring
Mota's latest suspension serves as another reminder of how great that #Dodgers bullpen w/ him and Gagne was...on PEDs
maybe I am in the wrong field in Sales/Marketing, I need to go get a brokers license, NOT.....just say Im a broker
I wanna be rich forever too...i feel you Ross
hey angie this colby
Amazing that OKC's in top 6. RT : Top-selling team apparel @ NBA Store: Chicago, LA Lakers, Miami, Boston, NY, OKC.
Just landed in LA. Lots to do these 2 weeks!!! Wish was here :'(
i just want to hide under a rock and never get out :/
10 Commandments, this movie never gets old, been watching since I was about 10 years old
Friday Humor: " [Suggested simplified tax form:] How much money did you make last year? Mail it in." -- Stanton Delaplane
yeah he does. Fuck you! Its
Only way this might be better is if it's his brother!
In the end Tx robbed Cincy. Phillips, Hamilton, Votto, Bruce would be scary. No pitching needed.
nosy ass people stuck in my business <
RT if you are using today to recharge your battery.
wonderful 2 be connected, esp. when need 2 take deep dive into GIS --- you be the deep-dive champion w right tools & team members!
Mickey and Minnie's house will not be coming back with expansion. Right now they can be found at Town Square theater on Main Street
At the foxy .. Getting some inspiration
Idk why icontinue to put myself in dese situations
“: Me and were so cute when we were little. #dafuckhappened”
We came up with a super secret white ink formula. It has a matte finish with a flat smooth feeling. It's the best white ink I've seen!
It really was a fun movie...
I can't stand to see anyone in so much pain! :'( I love you and hope you get better, grandma.
Let's go Asheville :)
Rain, rain, go away...i didn't pack
A lot of young magicians have a tough time telling their family about their career choice. What are some other careers that are like that?
Sleep at night and I work all day, I can smell a coffee from a mile away!
Wow. Just wow.
Food trucks in Santa Monica rock. Beer brat, sauerkraut, and potato salad with pickles. Heaven.
ok i will start doing that. cause my follower count is sad
I almost started balling when I read this.
I just wanted to wish everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year! Do you have an #Acting or #Modeling New Year's Resolution? If so, share it!
Get Some Matty ;D
Morse is hopefully back in June, Nats are in 1st, & Caps rebounded from a lost season to thrill us for 14 games.
The process of crowdsourcing succeeds in engaging an audience, regardless of the outcome.
they need a lot of pitching.
tell me IM beautiful! Patrick you are a sexy beast!
TIP: get re-energized by giving yourself a full on lunch break. Relax and enjoy. Aaahhh...
My 50th tweet..... hmm PANCAKES!!!! ;D follow I follow back!!
Welp. Won that arguement twice. Jay is getting steamrolled
carved the pumpkins, baked the seeds, made the haunted house in the garage, just about ready for trick or treat tomorrow night!
#InstantTurnOn when they smile before kissing you !
heey(: uhm you should tweet me?(: your amazing. Love you (: <3
just underscored the importance of parental involvement in their children's education
You were pissing and moaning about xtians...like every other dipshit atheist. You have no balls or backbone.
awesome comeback bro
I hope the bee stings in your e balls(:
“: Thinking about getting another glass of kool-aid then knocking out” ii would like a glass to
Watching stream for #OccupyBoston He's so professional!
I'd watch.
Its going to be a fun year hanging with
Booking work in the Boston area for the summer including Jeni's wedding :) :)
Aww thanks!!! Were going and shooting promos right now! ttyl <3 BTK
I wish I knew. GOP keeps railing against Pres Obama for their own ideas. No end to the stupidity!
lily allen. <3
Sick catch by Matt Joyce. Also, how many infield singles would opponents have if it weren't for Carlos Pena? Seriously.
I hope you get lucky!
I am and I approve this message: RT : Best idea of the day came to me while eating lunch. Lesson?
English cream golden retriever. thank you she is an amazing puppy
Des was certainly surrounded by more than 1 idiot on that panel???
"occupy button!" OH in front of van pelt library
Mad black woman
Happy you liked the feature!
If any or your customers need auto repair or oil changes please let me know
not hungry man.
I'm still trying to learn about #Pinterest I'm hoping someone will fill me in!
Im going to be my own best friend, my own best influence and my own biggest supporter. Taking accountablilty begins today.
single Ready to mingle like christmas Kringle xD lol
questionable at the moment.. can you touch base with me on Monday?
I think work would be so much more enjoyable if just occasionally it were acceptable to smack the crap out of a customer or two.
everyone keeps tellin mhe ima hav to tell him how i feel soon....bhut rite now i dnt want to....-___-
Guess I can do Michelle William's hair soon, although that's not quite the style I had in mind.Who knows what I end up doing at that length.
we're on the same flight :)
if that...
well Hello to you too!! :D
is so funny to me!! Had me cracking up last night
Why aren't their cards for every holiday?
Speedy is finding big holes...Flowers gets him but he was gone
RT: N life they say u live and learn so y do ppl do the same stuff but looking 4 things 2 b different
totally open 2 suggestions on how scraps can stop the garbage men from stealing our garbage. anyone?
Thank you to all my followers for following me! I wish I could give all my 1000 followers a shoutout but that would take a year! I <3 u all!
Come out & join us today at 3 for our 3rd annual TX hoedown benefitting CASA. It's gonna be awesome!!
I hate Mondays.
He filed for divorce last week. His wife is trying to void the pre-nup.
I get up at 7 or so to get my G/M text in. :) That's the only reason i do it :)
it's the people parroting him that has me worried.
u always remember that song! Lmao
Awesome! Did it twice, it's a blast! Remember to put a handle on your mint julep!
I hate work so very much, stuck in a dusty warehouse having asthma and bad allergies fuck this place - Aaron
Thanks for the postcard! Love Eleanor Roosevelt. Still up & abt, surgery scheduled for June 8. Lots of arrangements to make...
Can't even hear the whistle. The crowd is obnoxious.
#inmiddleschool & #inhighschool u wanted me and I still never gave u the chance. Sorry
Hi Jojo! Hope all is going for well for you. (It's AnthonySEO tweeting for WESST.)
I'm a Jason Daly fan only cuz of his hot wife!
I know! That's part of what I loved about it. And it BETTER come back!
Think about the dumbest person you know. Then realize there's someone three times as dumb as they are out there. Doesn't that make you sad?
Oh, this I think makes THREE people who've indicated interest in our presentation!
idk... #YOPO you only practice once
Only in atl..we don't eat that shit here RT I wish waffle house had a drive thru....
looking forward to it!
my set tonight has every banger I've bought/created/found recently. I want to record it as OMG QUARRY'S SUMMER 2012 HAWT CLUB MIX.....
Should I be having a hurricane party or something? I feel so left out!
Thinking only hurts the brain....just do it lol!!
S/o to #INKCAMP the logo big as hell on my ass in the "ovation" video 😊
Smack city tonight..
A "dabbling" duck means the duck feeds at the surface of the water rather than by diving.
Yeah buddy!!!
lolz me 2...sometimes I jus wanna pop in the face
Gotcha. So what are you doing now?
...still painting Great American Ballpark...not sure what to do next- Comerica or Target field? any thoughts?
how old is she
Zee told me about it... i been thinking about it
New myspace is crazy different!
You know how I know you're gay Cincy? You play Coldplay in your stadium when your losing.
Aww, this next serial is the last one with Leela... I liked her.
Cake is close to a muffin and muffins are ok for breakfast, right?
#ImGettingTiredOf 2011! So ready for new challenges and opportunities in 2012! x
“: The awkward moment when Dora the explorer finds out about Google maps.” hahaha
Philosophy For The Day: 1 = 2 How?
REPORT: #Brewers RHO Suppan suffering from stiff neck, lack of talent.
Been at the doctor office since 745am my baby girl has the flu.
I know! It's your wedding, not an etsy shop. It's your vows, not your linens.
oh ik! My best friend is weird :) its cool
we need to get the Sioux some for the locker room- ONLY sulfate, paraben phthalate free product for male athletes! LMK
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
Don't turn the oven or the grill on, let us do the cooking for you. So you could stay nice and cool in your own home.
Hitting the office hard today!
My girl runs everything.
OMG! Ur shoes rock austin!! Dont listen to him! (: the nerve of some people these days. Smh
Let's go.
I have an article I've been meaning to read called "Why Finish Books?" and I just keep thinking, "Because Finland seems really nice."
Maybe I should learn to text first!
Hi Lindsay - Carnivores unite.
Why so much Kobe hate? Why such a push for Kobe's retirement? I don't know about y'all, but I'm not ready for a Kobe-less NBA.
Seven weeks, but six to twelve months too late.
When Hart hit that HR my dog jumped so bad from my loud scream.
hm doesn't answer the question.
how many times can an athlete use that excuse?
Gonna go eat and I'll come back on before I go to sleep
I can't get nt out of a girl nt
see you this weekend!
Flying to Denver tonight. Praying that neither snow nor this #solarshower will affect my travels!!! Has anyone had any problems yet?
Not surprised to hear Juron Criner is excelling in OTAs. The #Raiders suddenly have one of the best up-and-coming receiving corps in the NFL
- i'm standing behind you [/creepy whisper]
Acxiom's Colclasure speaks about Building Trust Into Your Brand - from policy to self-regulation to awareness
lol... you know I love to hear stuff like that! So, did you finish?
i always say i'm gonna try & get on here more but i never do ): i miss you guys<3
I need to start going to sleep early
how YOU doin
Clear Stick Atlas
I hate you right now
Wow! Fight is ON! SUN BOWL and City of El Paso hotel tax dollars are IN!
what do you expect? Its womens sports
we're a clothing company based out of Columbus, Ohio who believes in connecting with people and making our products with love
So true! RT : If Simone Battle gets through it's because of Simon's ego.
Textile Museum members are by far the most fashionable people in Washington. Ikat robes, vintage specs and kimonos galore at the reception!
opposite side of the street outside of the Triangle fratenity, a proceed of every sale goes to charity today.
"Open to submissions of family scripts with around 6 kids characters and a pony." Well I better get to work! PONY 2012
We are twitter listing soon...............You might be on our list so watch out!!!lol =_=
My wish is for you to wish me Happy Birthday today!! ?
I think I need to find me a new one!
Aww, shucks. RT is one of my favorites of all time.
"His fingers slid down my arm, leaving a trail of heat along the way." ~ From HAVEN by SWOON
Happy Opening Day Detroit! If You are headed down to the ballpark, stop in and grab a dog and a pop!
Hurting yourself hurts others
Custom coffee tshirts promoting what type of beverage YOU are! What's your favorite fall drink?
everyone at just rallied to help a bird get out of the store.
Back when we all used to go ride fourwellers and had no worries Regan southern
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Separate checks please!
so wish you were here David! How is ??
Writing my outline. I think I might actually have a paper here!
your show
One last day of school this week.
I rather shop at kroger than walmart
Miss my damn stop!!
Good ass fight between Mayweather and Cotto. Wish somebody would have gotten knocked the fuck out tho
... trying to find the motivation to get up, go out in this cold and finish up todays cardio... moving in 3...2...bahhhh
ops sorry ladies. still learning this twitty thang.
Perseverance and Success often go hand in hand. Many give up right before success could even be achieved.
Have a fucking awesome weekend everybody!
And since corporations are people these days this includes a few of them too.
Listening to on ... She is simply amazing!
even #ModernFamily is getting tired it seems…
The awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you & the plans don't include you -___-t
Nothing like getting up for the sport I love the most softball❤⚾
Bynum's body language is terrible. He's given up on the game. So frustrating to see.
Brilliant. I am trying to find ways to cut their text costs down. Of course that would be online. Thanks a lot.
Printing, printing, printing. I wish my printer could automatically add more stacks of paper to the tray :)
Dear people that built this house, WHY would you put a window in my restroom!? Sincerely, it feels like someone's watching..
missed a great carrot bow and arrow 8 to 9 workout this morning....stairs AND abs biaaa
what times the game today?
I just really wish i would randomly fall asleep like i did last night.
I guess the Browns didn't need him? lol RT : RB BenJarvus Green-Ellis reached agreement on a three-year deal with the Bengals.
Till the soil masterfully. Plant the seed perfectly. Water the ground graciously. Yet leave room for Nature to take her course, naturally.
Grades, done. 2011-12 school year, done. Cocktails, just starting.
Connected my iPhone to the TV using an apple HDMI cable. Now watching a movie & using a wireless keyboard as the remote. Works great.
when i lay with the fair maidens of Whiterun i always bring a potion of cure diseases. you never know what sort of wrath their caverns hold.
This is inception, I'm writing my dreams
Hi Nan, please send me an email with the details and I will take care of it: . Thank you! -Brianne
Thinking about GoogleWave, Google Groups, Picassa and
Hey everybody go follow for me and ill DM Justin bieber for you promise ask
Dear me: Dating her? Really?
An angel is nothing more than a being sent into your life to unlock a secret you've been keeping from yourself. You heard it here first.
Dogs are good people.
Note to self: don't get wasted the night before you have to move your best friend into a new apartment
Another ace-like performance. It's cool, Yo, St. Louis? San Diego? I can't tell their offenses apart, either.
It's nerve-wracking editing interviews, it's like having someone stare in your face for hours end.
♪Wheel In the Sky - Journey
just the facts Obama! Right on!
They either ended up n jail or dead. Which formed a new slave that affected their generation. One less to deal with Time we proved different
Thanks for the shout out Thomas - and Happy New Year to you!
that's what it means to be a "Nadalist"
Guys: Be the kind of Boy that you would want your daughter to date.
Driving around the lost city of Nashlantis.
Just booked for May, Memorial Day w/e fly in/fly out. Maybe lunch? “: Missed u at the Rembrandt Epic exhibit."
doesn't sound like it is related to a criminal case?
Anybody want to talk?
i did enjoy because i was late. Next time ill make sure to stay on the computer
I need all of your Prayers for Darlene Thornal. Thank you and Amen!
I wanna be a pornstar or striper
I just saw the strangest John Stamos commercial about Greek yoghurt.
Thanks for reading & sharing!
Once in the racket you're always in it.
Pleased to share student concepts with for their brand launch. Some exciting possibilities!
i loves ya too Tabitha, ur hair is pretty!!!!:)
I'm starting to think that the average Iowan's IQ is just a little above lukewarm.
when can you facetime?!(;
its gonna be on HDNets, I'm praying everything goes great too
LOL. Bath towel oragami! With a companion book on hand towel and washcloth accents.
Travel Picks: Top 10 scenic workouts
Season finale of TVD.
great, you're gonna make me watch Tori & Dean now aren't you?
the solution to struggling wiaa state hoops attendence? raise prices. that big empty kohl center isn't cheap!
like the new one
I know, right? Pudding in all forms is pretty righteous.
great article! Merry rummy Christmas! Excellent
LMFAO I CAN'T BREATHE I'M DYING CALL 911😂😂
Can I have the boots wears in #TillDeathDoUsPart? Please? Lol xD
Love your tweets. Thanks for sharing
cool how r they doin
Is the AK the best battle gun ever for an infantry man?
Tyme for a SALAD SESSION!!
Robert Rathe, so great, right?!
you're a good friend. thank you.
People who follow me then unfollow like I won't see.. Mf , I can unfollow yo ass too. Stop try a get more followers stupidly t-.-t
yes I am in the LA group and I just found today && yes I am tweeting about Louisiana
Why does caramel have to be so irresistibly delicious??
Are the rumors true Circa Survive is playing at an Indiana Mall Anthony?!
"Sir," I replied, "I am a Virginian by birth and a gentleman by education. I was sent here by the President of the United --"
how do we build that trust in ourselves? I keep hearing "I am the worst " and "I can't do this" from others
