big happy birthday shout out to the homey aka second half to Usual Nonsense. Hope you turn #dreamsintoreality this year.
you have no time for me anymore...you'd always ask me to go outside.... i did. i never wanted both of us to be alone...but you have friends.
Thanks for the follow Paul
Adore that movie. :)
Thought about it, but then I figured I didn't want a video of me frowning and skipping floating around the internets.
Just gave away $490 with Beat The Buzzer!! Your next chance at the cash is happening at 3pm!
Goodmorning H.Y.I.F
Paul George
My girl graduates today :)! Proud of you
RT FPA CEO Marv Tuttle announces that he will retire from FPA in June 2014. Has strategic plans he will drive over next 2 yrs
do your thing
Idaho gave me my first minor frostbite yesterday. Thx Idaho.
Canada's not too far from us actually
can u give us a hint??
BREAKING; Goodell forces Saints to take Tebow
also clearly new ground on capabilities, realities, and expectations for 'VTC's
I want to keep all the money, but my mother is making sure I don't. Lol.
Tomorrow chats w/ comedian ! Tune in at 11AM CST on www.uctcradio.com
I'm ungrounded!!! Lets do something this week!
So sick of drama, fuck the world!
if aint douched in years u r #undateable lol
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 22
PHOTOS: Nature imitates art - MetroWest Daily News
Have I thanked you here for listening lately? Nope, so thanks for listening!
#Fridaythe13th let's get weird
Because I really, really, REALLY want you to follow me.
Big day for #Zionsville Community Schools. We hear from both sides of the referendum debate...and a teacher set to lose her job w/a NO vote
Yes! If I can get off puppy duty tonight, Candy and I are going. Not sure about Tony. I'll ask him.
Why are you still in my Timeline? I unfollowed you!
Yea that blows!! Wut r u doin this Saturday? We r playin at an Irish Pub... guaranteed to get TWISTED!
When who & what you can be, becomes more important than who & what you currently are... you're life will change forever.
Up and at 'em for Gladiator Games!
My mother knows how to make everyone in the room feel uncomfortable....
Find the Best Deals on the web! The best FREE tool on the web to find deals on all products compare prices against all major shopping...
#20ThingsAboutMe; 8. I lose friends easily but it isn't hard for me to gain new ones.
they r mine
Don't be in a rush to drop music. Take your time with it. FYI!
But don't forget we have another study taking place this Thurs. Retweet to your friends!
idk some of the stuff u say here seems different from inteviews Ive watched n y the negstuff with ur dad?u didnt like it done2u
I'm just sayin, I've faked so many orgasms, I have more invisible children than Kony.
Home from Peyton's Acting/Modeling/Dance Showcase...She gave me EXACTLY what I wanted for Mother's Day..made me the proudest mommy in th ...
": Today when I saw you, I wanted to slap you in your face. With a brick." oh snap harsh!!! Lol ;P
I Cant Make You Love Me.
Good morning! Happy #FF to you all!
heat person please come soon. one of my cats just licked me and her tongue stuck to my hand.
wish you were here with us!!!
since no one is reply...ill gladly say that i am :D
Running out of time to pay the IRS? payUSAtax can help. Pay your taxes with a credit card today!
ha ha lol why u tellin the truth though! I'm watchin it right now
I miss him too. He was so damn good.
Nice to meet you too! Nice pic, where are you located? :)
Doubt that Surly beer would actually make it to Boston!
thanks for the shout out!
lol typo! great site btw, love the idea! our system could be very beneficial for getting your idea out. PM us a email for info.
Happy Monday #Cleveland!!
well right now I can't think of a come back lol
A. Tommasini's recent NYTimes article on opera vs. musical theater has already been mentioned twice. Guess I have to read it now.
“: 100% bid acceptance isn't crazy .. it's just a sign you're doing #dynamicrecruitment”
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J. Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
Girl calls from jail. I ask what was she arrested for? Answer "I think an undercover Cop grabbed my Boob". Again why? He wouldnt let go.
The Michael Jordan commercial gets me every time!!
I know you are! Get me these records. Rico sent me some tracks a few days ago that are fire!!
This is the same LeBron we've seen before in the postseason. He's not a closer!
I love my city yo. I can't wait to go back.
I thought we told each other everything. apparently not...
Signed copies of #Shiro available at Sakura Matsuri this weekend.
Phrase of the day: "ICT enabled, not ICT driven"
Going to work my ass off this wk and wknd (hopefully), so that I can have Valentine's Day all for myself. <3 me and my bffs
#ThankYouAlex For everything you do !!!
I tweet, therefor I am.
Literally have done nothing the last two days but take care of my best friend & watch movies. More than okay with it 😏
WHAT DO I GOTTA DO TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME?? :o)
": Whoever dies with the most money, possessions, and power...still dies. It's an empty ambition."
awh! But it's good! It's amazing to see who actually plays Elmo!
What Bill did was Absolutely amazing!
Feels so good to put my feet up.... Ah maybe a bubble bath is in order tonight:)
that is WAY too funny. Thanks for making me laugh.
thanks love!
TY for the follow!
hope you enjoy Brandon
We both care about Augusta youth and that's the most important! It's not about us it's about the kids!
Everyday is going by so fast...
IISuperwomanII Invades BollyFusion Tonight @ The Empire!!! BollyFusion bringing the Hottest South Asian Events in NYC
craving starbucks so hard right now
I only speak that real SHIT ima write a book
awww thanks that is so sweet of you! :)
A comforting thank you to for taking measurements to do custom upholstered seating in the Homeless Coach!
Nice day can't wait to see the lovely later!
Way too soon - you should know that.
Cause she only know the songs from Take Care.
Missed a great meeting tonight for
Easy to make Cream Cheese: How to make Cream Cheese! by Zsuzsy Bee
Although those wishing for a full preview of can catch the show already Jan 13 - Jun 3, 2012
Watshing some classic matches from the mid 80's! This guy was naturally entertaining!
Lmao yea I need 2 laugh were u at ugly
My big fat american gypsy wedding is on next. I gotta get my gypsy on.
THANKS for the RT! :)
you could tweet them or email them, they always DM me so either way
hope you are having a great day my BFF. I have to take Terry to V.A.Hospital today. Luv and Hugs
Highly engaged employees are 87% less likely to leave their organizations than highly disengaged employees (2004 Corp Exec. Board study)
sometimes I wonder why my best guy friend had to get married. Why do the good die young????!?!?! T_T
Whether for a home or business, Thompson's Clean Team has the equipment and skills to fully clean all types of carpeting.
My new goal in life is to not care about keeping up w/ the Jones & to just enjoy myself & my money will still roll in, just gotta work more
Just something to brighten up the room as well as my life.
Did she do any skin scrapes?? Oh...and what is ur fave everyday drink??
That's exactly what I ended up getting! I make people jealous with my superlong battery life!
What a douche.
about to go eat some yummy Mexican food!! :)
Followed new tweeps, FBs always appreciated. If you are Red Sox fan, qoute, tweet truth, news,or just real from the heart follow I may FB
Stop by the Championships on Sat. to see our Team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydrated!
Thanks, Amy, for the comment and RT!
DukeCityTrucks thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Puerto Rico has been in a recession for 6 years
What a beautiful morning. #Colorado #Weather is great this time of year.
Looking forward to reception with tonight. Of the many programs my dad created, he said he was proudest of Legal Services.
Congratulations !!! See you in July!
Almost time for Boot Camp! Getting a good Pre-Workout meal in so I can Work Out with you guys!
My mom love instant tickets
I did bro broo
I miss Clair bear
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up, I'm never going to leave so put your hands up. If you like me, then say you like me. :)
Oh awks... I never called u back... my b :/ lol
Jump right in - answer a question from to be entered to win a great giveaway from
LMAO,tell em I said, I DO WHAT I WANT!Lol
bitch might merk me before her album drop
Watched "One Day" last night. Well that was depressing! #WatchNow NO!
Get ready
I don't want to know why I found a crumpled up paper towel in the stacks
Thanks for visiting!
just questioning trust.. and the people in my life.
A lovely day in #chicago comes to a close. Are we sure this isn't Colorado?
I have horrible bedside manner, maybe because I'm not a doctor and hospital patients don't like strangers...
ty you rock!!!
There is a mean girl at the park bugging my girl. I feel my momma bear coming out...grrrrr
Starting a new job !! HELLO Mary Kay <3
. Thank you so much for the signed bookmarks and bookplates, friend. How nice of you to send these. I passed them out to readers!
thanks for the follow! I will look forward to you and tweeting from Chicago.
you're really pretty x
It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will. What about you?
Yes they're having a "get some jumpers up" party at Koch arena.. 9 PM-until....RT : Anything going on in Wichita tonight?
Wonder why people act like they care about you when something happens but when you out of sight you definately out of mind
i wonder what hipster djs will try to remix 2pac to? dinosaur jr., joy division, joy division might work, bjork? i wonder
Long Island Medium.
go play in the snow!
The Notebook>>>
waited a bit too late.. 😒
what channel was it on?
I'm glad you called! Luff yew 😊 RT : Having a bad day? Call up one of your good friends and make their and your day better 👍💁
#IbizaSaturdays EVERYONES FREE! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Paying to be in a contest and paying to perform are no where near the same. Smh.
Just saw and it was amazing. I had several moments of tears but what a great love story based on a real couple!
ah I just realized I haven't wished you a happy birthday yet! Have a great one!
Thanks so much for mentioning us.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
go Nick go! (my attempt at motivation)
just got in some more Zym! we have berry and lemon-lime. come get yours!
because you're so high on it???
Catching Up With the Director of the Met
MUCH LOVE TO ALL OCCUPIERS! Stay peaceful. The world is ready and watching!
Thanks for the tweet - did you mean to include a link to a video?
A string of miserable interactions that required me to be a lot more mature and careful than I care to ever be.Yesterdaysucked
Ok, after a pleasant morning reading (and retweeting) news, I have about 18 hours of grading to do! (sound of whip cracking)
Cosentino: Be diligent with your notes. Many firms will scoop them up after the interview and use it as a data point.
What's up Boston? How's it going? Things feeling a bit tense? #AreRedSoxNewMets fb
We're loving this tweet! and you Candice! “: Loving this app! ”
Re: Surrey Earworm from yesterday - caught myself singing "I'm just a girl who can't say no". Send help.
SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. That's our motto! Deals coming soon that give back 10% to #Nonprofits in #Albuquerque #Rio Rancho #Santa Fe
Class is in session...sharing great strategies & #ArtistaTips with my group!
Anybody I know playing Folklife? A colleague is looking for writeup recs.
confused, lost.. you name an emotion and I'm prob that besides happy :((
I will check that out
I WANT!! save me some for sunday!! lol xD
When you have a story to tell you must know the right time to tell it!
Congratulations you guys and the to the newest addition to AV Archives! :) We'll expect her at 9 on Monday.
I won't be the one falling for it
With exit polls showing extreme voter indifference, the #GOP nominee will most certainly emerge as a damaged candidate.
Beautiful day for the metro to run on time. 20 min early to a meeting and enjoying every min of it
Come see Irish films B'Gosh and Begorrah with the family at the Western Branch on March 17th at 2pm. Call 282-4639 for more information.
Aw, that's unfair.
Today is a beautiful day! Things are going great, I am so blessed.
#astdalc will cop cannalbolize local membership?
Oh okay. I just logged into my twitter and was so excited that I had a notification. My day = now ruined :/
Play our lead singer in words with friends "662aaron662"
Smoking ls all the time my mind must be fried
Loved the 49ers win over of the Saints and I'm loving the Denver/Patriots game! Go Patriots!!!
same, bored!
We're back: just in time for today's beautiful weather. Doesn't it make you want to begin planning your fall garden?
my birthday is in 4 days ^_< f*** I'm getting old o.o
Hi Matt, wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in a contract UI position in Philadelphia?
Some people spend their entire life looking for happiness. It's a hard thing to come by so when you find it you work hard to keep it!!
Trying to get rid of the underscore in , twitter wont do username support anymore, any suggestions..?
sweet dreams ... bye
rumors saying you leaving... say it ain't so
I just want everything to be all right....
The City Insight is coming to a city near you, even if you are not in the Triangle area of North Carolina... stay tuned!
Protect me from my sins
Would love to co-host a wine tasting when you guys open up!! Can't wait to check it out!
Are you a worker worried about your job or the turmoil at the company? or know an employee how is? Direct Msg me please!
girl ya boy is ridiculous! lmao
me wants :]
of course your sister would say that..all sisters say that. and i think he was having a bad day, no worries
I always thought DR would kick all other anchormens asses.
canntt wait to be with you tonight!!!!!!!!!!
Watching and its interesting how they only talk about #spurs when something goes wrong for them..
Can you charge an iPhone with an iPad charger? Or will it hurt the phone?
Wow! He was a great man and I'm happy I was able to feature him in my book.
did u enjoy my dance moves?(;
Hey Lucie! Glad to see you're still blogging away. ;)
,you may try to stop me from reaching my goals but the goals has been set with 200 showes . YouTube stand up to all fans love comment on
congrats!! :D
FAV BAD GIRL FROM THE BAD GIRLS CLUB CAMILLA hands down she took over & stood up for herself
aw. valentine's.
I hate being on probation. I believe I only have one more year. Woot. Haha. Hate this place!
No school!!!!! :D storm in new york
All you have to do is send that number over. I'll make sure it's all taken care of.
I'm chunky and I know it!!
It certainly can be a minefield, although I feel like folks can sometimes overcomplicate : )
Hey, I'm fine thanks for asking. What about you? (:
Mom n Pop businesses, local start-ups can compete with global giants thanks to social media tools. Is your business using them effectively?
RT Be careful what u wish for..cause when u see it in front of u with your own 2 eyes..u mite have a change of heart
i hate dogs...
I'm hungry for real.... Like I need some substance...
Yeeaahh. Think I'm going to go back to sleep. :)
I've got my grocery list ready just in case haha
Thank you to everyone for all your wonderful birthday wishes and lovely messages for Friday! I have amazing friends! You guys made my day xx
you never text me anymore! #goodnight (:
yay! and i meant that literally: i still prefer asking twitter to searching google. more fun.
if that would make you feel better, then yes we can. Lmao :P
15% off your next order! Enter coupon code "AlmostHalloween" on your cart page. Ends 10/25/10 http:/www.goodrock.com
you're so far away :(
I think I'm dying from imported monster
In 1898 Louisiana Invented the "Grandfather Clause" other states soon followed. Look it up if you are thinking about NOT voting
ha, that is too funny;-)
Along with the semester fee increase?
I love that idea. But curious how to handle "API Versioning" with that concept /cc
Thank you, you're awesome!
i highly suggest getting something out .By the way dont forget to take your Bible!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you 's little sister? No, I don't know a Lindsey.
I remember dudes basically driving from their back seat bumpin Sprinkle Me..bass more expensive than their camry lol
Who's ready for some #Rice #football?! Come join try some of the St. Arnolds' Centenni-Ale and cheer on the Owls!
If the Blues are gonna score, why can't my Blues score?? Just asking!!
It is once again baseball season and all is right with the world
RT : Jordan hill will fill in nicely. First round we will be fine. If it was vs Memphis id be concerned<<part2 :
Wat Im I gonna do today?
yes, one more hour!
Really enjoying my first walk to work in 2 weeks. Now how do we keep DC this cool and pleasant for the rest of July?
21 days holy shit that's a long time
Sounds like you found a workaround? But I'll still take a look at that stack trace + OperationContract if you'll post it.
wow u should have taught her first on how not to get caught jk
This bitch is wit that shit this Am...bitch!
I need these nails soaked off
Watching "Sneakers" with Mac...love me some Robert Redford! =)
well dang it! I'm sorry I missed it:( inappropriate lolz are my fav.
Difference is the while still a do-acracy, it's based on what you do for DrupalCon, not Drupal or d.o. It relies on volunteers.
we're excited to work with you! Thanks for stopping in today :-)
man its gon be a snowball effect g you gon see!!!!! watch what i say
-covers eyes-
This is really crazy.
Guess what's happening tomorrow at 7:30pm HERE at Christ For The Nations?!
Now that the Minnesota #Vikings stadium bill has passed the MN House, the bill moves to the senate. The vote will be held tomorrow
Police believe that gunshots fired at the home of a local attorney are related to the shooting of his colleague in March....
Heads up mobile dev students - MTC @ MDC club meeting today 4 pm, Wolfson 7128. See you there!
I want to be in LA so bad right now..
someone to Kum home to hold the fort down
RT : #Productivity Fact: An uncluttered workspace increases your ability to focus on the task at hand.
a noun is a word that denotes other words that denote people, places, things or ideas got that's dry and pedantic. Just kill me now
Your welcome lol
That awkward moment when you run into that one girl who hates you ...
Drinks are on the House, I'm hopin'?
“: Thank you!! Hope to see you Saturday!! #Countdownto30” you will most certainly will! Can't wait!
oh Cortez...you're such a killer
"The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love."
agreed. People should be able to marry whoever makes them happy
So riled up just because i was talking to you. Now i cant sleep. Ah.
small world, Maria....half my friends went to Notre Dame. Fingers crossed for all...
Going out for a walk..
I brought lager with me for byo. I'll hook you up.
Hey, 6PM church bells, give it a rest.
all five are grown and it was wonderful! We are going out to AZ May 11! Can't wait!
yayyy! haha I know I remember (:
Big thanks for tweeting!
"that woman knows what to do" observations with
Just getting my boo from work!!! :)
there is more to it if u have not heard by now-will just say personal situation. News is only saying it's an "isolated" incident.
wait, is "it's the remix" the actual title of this song?
yep. 6th grade. Man, I can't remember who teacher was. Wow, almost 30 years ago. Crazy isn't it?!?!
I'm soory. I can't imagine what that's like for you girls and your Mom. :-(
Bitch I'm, bitch I'm From Cleveland.
I freaking need to dye my hair. This shit is fading FAST!
#iq2atheism Come on! Twitter's not deleting or censoring, trending topics don't stay there forever. Logic? Reason? Really?
just came back from #DarkShadows. As a person who has never heard of the show before this movie, it was pretty cute. Better than
This is why the Dolphins got ride of him. Drew Rosenhaus and he's demands are crazy!
Preparing for your #finals? When taking notes, in class or while doing a reading assignment, construct your #study guide at the same time.
California Love. <33
I upgraded 2 phones yesterday. One took 45 min the other over 2 hours, almost all backup time :(
Im richs older more mature brother. RT : are you guys related?
but of course
Why won't cats just leave me alone. Why are they constantly asserting cat privilege.
Only 10 follwers shy of 100! Can you get us there?
Mike Maker on Hansen after #KYDerby "We didn't have the best horse...we weren't good enough."
Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love. ~RT
thank you! :D
It's National No Socks Day! Summer is on it's way kick off your shoes & let your feet enjoy some freedom.
“: May your pockets be heavy,Your heart be light, And may good luck pursue you,Each morning and night~Irish Toast”
“: CHRONICLE = Annoying high school punks use "The Force". One of the worst films I've seen” Maybe there'll be a sequel! Yikes.
Don't forget about the UMKC Composers' Guild tonight at White Hall - 7:30
yep! we play at 6 pm
#FF for your chance to Win a #Free VIP ticket to help save kids with cancer on May 1 at !
We are always happy to help. Service above self!
good work man - looks awesome
Somebunny knows! RT : So excited for today's #crawfishboil at ! Who else is going?
the new vimeo looks like it has some nicly embdded social features. i'm looking fwd to feeds. Whaddya think
I know you think I'm just a parking lot attendant sitting out here, but I parked in the GM's spot this morning so I'm kind of a big deal.
If you are not watching it, turn on the Iona/BYU game. Some crazy stuff going on in this game
Creed walks into a bar...there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny. BURN!!
Out to brunch!
mar vista, the neighborhood between culver city & Venice. it's dull. cc has no nightlife & Venice/ SaMo is too expensive!
Check out the mixtape the link is on my profile let me know what's poppin
hey thanks! I am showing my collage art at Bottle Cap on Powell for the month of May and June.. Come check my work out!!
we need to buy our tickets
ha word. How'd your shoot go?
El Dooque encourages all the LAtin ladies to "Tap-a-tio" (Bang a guy)
Be strong. I voluntarily explored there Spotify page this morning.
my vision is blurry ~.~
That's great news! Thanks for being such a champion for women's rights.
And now: "TWELVE REASONS ... why ladies should be educated for the practice of medicine among their own sex and children..." (1857)
CNN obviously is owned by an anti-Paul corporation but on the non-corp web you are a TRUE LEADER of the PEOPLE!
On April 1, 213 homeless DC families were in motels; 273 at DC General; 148 in temporary shelter; 308 on the shelter waiting list.
nice to chat with you as well!
Babe Ruth's favorite radio show was "The Lone Ranger".
The best place to start is USF PRSSA. You can drop by my office if you want to chat.
thank you based Javi
17.6% of facebook pages belong to local businesses.
lol I just hit a homerun with david wright!! I'm killing the nats!
very true
Your fresh ideas maybe your future
On the way to Charleston SC for staff meeting. 1 day only. Not going to have enough time to enjoy one of their amazing restaurants. :'-(
Done and Done boys!!!
The moon is huge! 🌝
too many dope tv shows for you to unsubscribe
A strong independent woman whouldn't asc a man to do anything for her that sue chouldn't do for herself
That would be Valois--"See Your Food" The Original House of Pancakes is also delicious!
yeah. I bought that but its too complicated. I use mixcraft.
RT if you watched Valentine's day just to see Taylor Swift. I did :)
Getting ready to go the Washington Freedom and DC United Double Header. I hope the thunderstorms miss the stadium.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 27
Well thank you for making sure they did <3
Just because today is a terrible day doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life...You just have to get there.
oh and i got 2 words for you abel. FUCK YOU
Every week imma start my week off by sayin.....its some ugly ass people on dis campus
I do, too. It had so much potential.
Girl soccer players are sexy!;)!...hahaha
Yep. it was mine. 1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long. I'll have to edit though. #drydensocial 7000 pictures.
Is there ever a chance you could come to Virginia? I have a bunch of friends that wanna meet you too(: Please!!! <3 <3
getting deep bro
When the banquet rolls around in a couple weeks, tears will literally be streaming down my face. I love these people so much. <3
Wild berry lemonade from Wendy's is phenomenal
"Goodbye Wilson, it's been nice. Hope you find your paradise!"
Thanks, two Verlander starts definitely gave me a boost. I've been waiting on Cruz's power to break through.
Ol hot ass hair balloon head nigga Lol
Just finished the 16 miles on Ozaukee Interurban trail. This was awesome ! 50 degrees, very nice trail ...
Playing Galaga in class like a boss
little boy is funny he was eating something. I thought it was a booger. xD True that I have today and Sunday. I miss you!
Night of ghosties. Ghost Lab on DVR and Ghosthunters. Creepy. Not really.
The front #lawns of eight houses have the cooling effect of about 70 tons of
Can local governments ignore public health and safety to avoid the cries of "persecution" by the otherwise UNOCCUPIED?~D
Feeling pretty good today
no way missy...not while I'm alive!
After a full week of factory visits w we DESERVE this wkend in Macau!
Lundquist is amazing RT Credit where credit is due ... incredible save by Henrik
haha. Fuel cost loser for the airline. ;-)
Was reading Hal Foster's "Against Pluralism" essay this morning. I quit painting and then started again all in the space of a couple pages.
Bitchiness can be cured with a whole pizza and 1/4 of a chocolate cream pie... or slightly smothered as it were.
I heard people talk about immortality, but I ain't seen it.
YOUR GUYS ANNIVERSARY IS ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
That's awesome! Any suggestions for cool things to do or connections to make? Mandy says hello! (she has no twitter!)
I am through with 12% of Who is He to You by Monique D. Mensah
I can't believe the w4 bus i was on just hit a damn car.Metro is not having a good year at all.killings,shootings.just a bunch of neglect.
Who do you think was the biggest snub for the pro bowl this year??
I knew everyone would 4get tht 2day is my B-Day so far this is the worst B-Day ever
A person that truly loves you , will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is .
A TON of Evolve Spray Paint and an AK-47 for Christmas
i want you girl, and i need your body, right here. wont you teleport to me?
your forgiven :)
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
Ugh!!! I want to cut my hair off!
FOLLOW ME!! I can't dm you :(
In other words, it's the message, folks. Not the medium.
Now if my friends and girlfriend were on my baseball team. That a different story
Even if you don't agree with your girlfriend about a certain issue, it is still important that she is being respected, heard and understood.
where are you?
next week bro, I'm done with the semester, Monday afternoon? And I wanted be on a organ...
and other people trying to eat local. That's what inspired me. That and people who try to only by from Black businesses
I bought that, but then I couldn't help but buy 20 things from the "Users who bought this also bought..." list. :(
can you give me advice because next week I'm trying out for a crew and I'm nervous!
People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person
get the recovery ones. They work wonders
I'm up way too early on a Saturday.
#Np YG and Meek Mill - I'ma Thug
heyy i followed and your band and everything haha
Looking forward to hearing from you!
LOL... you guys have a good night... hve to edit some video...THAT I can do!! have fun
Well, technically, Truman wasn't RE-elected in 1948, since he became president because of FDR's dying in office.
Whole Foods has spare rib #HH tomorrow 5-7.
Miss you too cus, I'm good just staying busy. How are you big man?
well done!
Follow me? :)
Birthing class? ;) Or something else? You deserve some kind of wholesome snack, stat.
exhausted but still awake working hard
That bowl of Lucky Charms hit the spot.
I love my bf . Hes the greatest ever and I wouldnt trade him for nothing :)
praying for you guys!
Yes! I couldn't wait for season 2 though, so have already watched. Everyone is in for a treat :)
I came to the BBM campout from Chicago, with a broken arm! Life long Cats Bball fan... BBN stretches to Chi-town!
GM thanks for making the World GLOW with your message.
There's a difference between holding down the fort and charging into battle ;)
It is quite time consuming....
It was pretty hilarious. ;-)
i wanna buick ..so i can b ridin like shaq
Did you find the Matthew Luke Sandoval version of "Samson"? If not, I can get it to you; just PM me!
First time @ #HillsideFarmacy. Great place for glass of wine, oysters or small plates! Staff is oozing hipness, as is the music.
Being able to write melodies is one of the joys of music. Such a satisfying experience. :)
Hey people! You no how ppl call bieber fever ?! What about a name for hmm loving that(:
What's to trip over Android having instagram? Must not have anything else better to complain about.
Great profile pic and background.
My aunt had her baby early this morning! 11/11/11 :D
I totally agree. With the snails pace the golf industry moves at, get used to white
A rainy, cold, late-October-like weekend in Portland: in other words, it's been a good couple days to sit around reading submissions
They need a band-aid where you take it off and it doesn't hurt!
Wednesday, August 17, is BMV Discount Day at the Indiana State Fair. You will be admitted to the fair for half price ($4) by clicking this..
Seriously doubt it...lol Roof Roof!! RT : Maybe next time he'll think before he cheat
#ImSickOf waiting, and trying!
I didn't offer it cuz it wasn't very good, and I didn't want u to taste that.
#HighDesertStaffing seeking exp courier/mailroom candidate w/a clean driving record and good credit. Call 881-3449 today, start tomorrow.
Rapp: Seinfeld, Topic: The Doctor ??? Yall are havin way too much fun!
Ur welcome": thank you (:"
I love all my followers that have followed me now after 2 days and to the person that hacked my last account I don't need it because Im a :)
Q: We all know that a viola is better than a violin because it burns longer. But why does it burn longer? A: It's usually still in the case.
Attempting to function on 3 hours of sleep is no way to attempt anything...
The Spurs Big Three go back in the game with 3:51 left. Pop wants to wrap this one up.
I know you are, but what is Madison?
#whosgonnalose - Kansas City at Cincinnati - Kansas City will lose
A lot of people sounding off about Facebook buying Instagram. What say you, people of the Internet?
That was my daughter's favorite moment in the movie, bar none. It's a good 'un!
Also, how does the census know we have no dogs at our apartment??
Although a moving company provides liability insurance on items it moves by the pound, it might be wise to purchase additional insurance.
clearly I was wrong about a lot of shit in my life
are your colleagues reluctant to sign up for Twitter? Kindly and gently offer to guide them through the steps. Show them the possibilities!
Odd. Why does #Zotero escape HTML in memo fields? E.g., <p>&nbsp;</p>. Yech! Any reason not to use #XML and #namespaces?
We will be on Check please this Friday! Make sure to tune in and check us out..
*gasp*! how long? is in Thurs - Sun. mini #usguyS Get together? eh? eh?
never seen any such tweet or account...but have seen about a dozen of yours complaining about it ;)
Thanks for sharing my posts and spreading the word about the Buddy Bike!
Never mind results q. Re-read your tweet ;). Fav fat is ??? Love avocados, evoo, and coconut. Not together of course.
“: Students blasting gospel music during silent work time. "TURN THAT OFF!!" "How can you deny Jesus??!"”
Some actors get distracted by 'friends' or 'some success', the ones who make it to the top, keep their eye on the prize. The big prize.
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE =] I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS PLUS HES SEXY =P
done early for the day - have a great summer weekend and remember to protect those eyes with sunglasses!
RT : Get Excited! 47 Days until #NABJ12 in NOLA! 11 days until rates increase by $170. Register Today!
Elfman's score was an Elfman score. swelled when needed swelling, etc. a Tim Burton film is always a Tim Burton film
almost time to say goodbye to #Community, #30Rock, and #ParksandRec as shortened final seasons next yr is #NBC code for cancelled …
Thrilled: is coming to , not thrilled: writing colors on signing line tkts makes me ? how to spell citrus
I love you
Welcome look forward to watching you connect with your parents & students
let Silvy know Sunda is outstanding
You're looking gorge, Dougster.
Okay, Community, I finally get you. You deconstructed not just sitcoms, but my heart.
on way to school.. Back kills D:
After reading tweets tonight he has become one of my favorite players... Even wore my socks high tonight in my co-ed softball game
I couldn't do it :/ meh! I'm on my way to San Diego ;)
yup im not a cubs fan! pay up for fantasy
is someone sponsoring your tweets now?
I get that daily message that my Inbox is over its limit. I wonder if I can get under the limit by just deleting over-limit notices.
it's been one day...
I hope Jerry Jones is watching this.
Thanks so much for mentioning The Bandee!! #GoTeamNice!
yes! You? I'm really looking forward to this con.
Just witnessed the wind blow down a street sign. Its a jungle out here.
Happy mothers day to all the moms today
Crowdsourcing gamers best computers on protein folding
with rockin on deck
Hope you like it at least lol
7-14-83 (Not MSW) Georgia Wrestling fans were shocked to find their favorite TBS show replaced by WWF. Dubbed Black Saturday.
2 more nights with Nicholas Payton at Jazz at the Bistro in St. Louis. He's breaking in our new (old) Fender Rhodes tonight!
I'm craving a corndog.
All NBA playoff basketball is fixed, plain and simple.
it was awful, and yeah i do! im jealous that you feel fresh as a daisy
Thank u<333
Aw shucks!
hi! Glad to see you on twitter! I miss you and Simba
#genomesolver laurel anderson from ohio wesleyan at curenet meeting discussing EREN: ecological research as education network
Wearing my Faith in Black Riding Boots to keep my toes nice and warm! It is freezing outside!
discovering new songs and feeling warm and fuzzy inside. know what i mean?
Had a great day ...going surfing in Malibu tomorrow. Gonna catch some waves at Zumba Beach. Nighty night tweethearts! love love love
“: 😒” You'll figure it out. Shit gets better with age.
Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV and Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios - Hollywood.
4 Wanted: I will trade a pair of climbing irons, 2000 foreign stamps & a pair of roller skates for a banjo KS1891
DON'T DISQUALIFY ME BECAUSE I'M TRYING TO MAKE ME HAPPY AND GET MY LIFE TOGETHER I WAS THERE FOR YOU NOW I NEED THE SAME
HAPPY BIRRRRTHDAYYYYY! hope its a good one (:
Now there is a penguin that is limping! So sad
Peace, Love, Elks.
The Boston Tea Party happened on December 16th, my birthday. No wonder why im such an anarchist!!
I hope that you are okay! I love you. And one day Brock dies...:) I know thats mean, but your my fav and that was not ok..:)
Thanks so much for sharing your stories with us from the weekend, we are so encouraged by them, we would love to keep hearing them!!!
Ok, ima go eat and study
I have been too busy today to tweet about Schmutz Wednesday or to get #schmutzwednesday to trend. I feel like such a failure.
. asks "Can America Still Compete?" YES. #JOBSAct cuts red tape for #entrepreneurs, #Startups. Senate votes TODAY.
Oh man, this looks like something I should totally assign the next time I teach princess culture.
floor lamps ikea
enjoy your weekend, it was so nice having you at Think!
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ french fries, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
We are strange and complicated creatures.
"Hubris of the tour"-- we can't make people go in a specific path.
Taking two small children thru Pier 1 is an art, not a science. It is also probably a sign of insanity.
Never put your foot in your mouth too far, chances are you might have to eat crow or shit to follow LOL
Just finished filming my editors letter for ! So glad that's over with!
nvm it's not even in the store yet
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.- Muhammad Ali
Hear you All White party was rocking. Happy belated Bday!
Thats fine, if joe agrees to be up at night with him RT : missing a sweet 16 game unacceptable, multiple naps during the day
house! An actual cd, postal mail...party like its 1994!
Nothing sounds more appetizing in the morning than squeezing grapefruit juice from his grapefruit through his unwashed hands...
Don't neglect the fine woolen socks. Many book-themed disguises are given away by an inferior sock.
Thanks for Bio-acoustical sensor item, sensor innovation and processing miniaturization >>> real-time health monitoring soon
Fit Nitch is a company that shows someone a way to balance Health and Wellness, while giving them an opportunity to earn an extra stream of
Tested new drillers cups. Same size as last years, but the dogs definitely shrunk.
I guess this roach will have to do, nothin left in my doobie ashtray.
Why? Because it Everything Thing About You! ;) <3
Conceivable that Downs runs away with closer role?
I got a bowling ball in my stomach. I got a desert in my mouth. Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now.
Brew time=
ashton martin music will forever bump.
People like you should be exterminated.
Yay! Keeping us fed, bum leg and all! Thanks, happy tweeters here tonight!
RT :#dead RT :Man fuck the jimmy fund b .That nigga jimmy been gettin funds since I was 9, he's clearly healed
$3.3 Trillion of Paul Ryan's $5.3 trillion in budget cuts come from Medicaid, Pell Grants, Food Stamps, and Job Training. -
Light painting experiment #2 was a huge success
too late. Been celebrating it and thanking God for it every day.
do you know of any in LA?
the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting. also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.)))
Whut's good Doc, been a minute.... POOF!!!!
goin' to make some black beans, goin' to eat some tacos.
I am feeling so sick right now but knowing #boyfriendVideo is coming out I'm cheered up..pleasee justin notice follow me :(♥
Your bumper stickers says #sharetheroad mine says quit driving your #motorcycle like an idiot
was wrong for that. Poor
Haha. Exactly my point. RT : I saw 19-0 with a parade going down Chippewa to end it
I hope you won't be hacked!
If you want to see a lot of tourists in NYC, get on the downtown R train. They pile on at 49th Street. Watch and listen.
I have to say I'm lovin Level Up :D Honestly a gr8 show that never fails to make me laugh!
Heh. Romania! That's practically where I grew up. Sounds like a great time.
Old lady in The Wedding Singer
s/o to make sure y'all follow and connect with her
So wait... dropped 13 dimes tonight? PST makes a guy feel late to the party. Nice triple double playa!
So true.Salary negotiations are business - you have to keep a very cool head!
Atrocious call on empty net goal -- linesman had arm up for offside! -- shouldn't obscure incredible goaltending by Grosenik.
Flyers West part
Good luck with your presentation! No doubt you'll be fantastic!
Lil Wayne took a break from watching the 2012 TPQ event in Florida last week and headed to the garage for a little skating session himself
love and other drugs
He just know if his phone went dead he should have called sumbody off his aunt or cuzin phone to let us know dat he got in safe ..
We are chillin in the green room with ready to rock this place
omission corrected
I'm just living life I can't complain! Nice to hear from u keep in touch!!!
Here's to hoping we both feel better soon. :)
Great to have your own
The return on your giving is never lost. It just waits for the right moment to come back with a big bang!—DJ (HAPY THX GIVN')
I think I missed the basis for your current rants.. What is the subject again.. It has something to do with Amazon I think.
The Goose schooling Todd Heap is hilarious.
(Hello & happy #ff! The #BA75Chat was good, some lovely thoughts re #mentors & #leadership.)
Thanks to everyone that came out to the Sex and the City I Event by Stay tuned for pictures and upcoming events.
Hi great to meet you:) look forward to your tweets!!
Just realized I am missing the Kardashian-Humphries wedding on E!..I'm way too upset about this
Heading out soon with some young scholars from Honeoye Falls. Let's see if they can spot a mermaid
morning homie make it a great day
Thanks so much!
In an Organization numerical goals & production standards can B meaningless if the system is flawed, yet nobody thinks of fixing the system
I'm awful and only have 4 colors. ^.^
EXACTLY! I've got better things to do. Like breathing. Or meowing at cats. #lolhopeless~
If a donor doesn't really want to give, it isn't usually about money, it's about trust in the organization, says
lol--it's eileen's fav
I don't care if you smoke or drink really, just don't brag about it.
I guess I know who I'll be running after
It's been a record month for #SPAM. Another day, another smut "follower." What sort of life form ...?
omg! I'm kinda nervous and excited haha. Me too! Have you been going to track practice?
heey melis how r u? :D
Drop us a line through our website!
Just about done protecting plants from the freeze/frost tonight. More work I've made for myself.
- Eggs. Ew. Hot sauce. Major ew.
All I want to do is download this damn Surfer Blood album on Amie Street but I continue to get errors. Balls.
Yep, totally the same way!!! lol
Rodgers does, however, take the first set 6-3.
GRAND. (: i miss talking to you D; . i fee like u dont like me wahhh! :'(
New flex book UnderstandingBiodiversity written by high school students for high school students.
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun
On set bright and early filming Lancia Car Commercial!!
Thank You!!!!
I WANT ONE NOW! lol
Girl, I gave her the side-eye of death. Don't be mad bc I don't need weave. Sheesh.
just glanced at my schedule and realized I DON'T have 20 scheduled that weekend, I have 17 and a 8-15K race. so it's a possibility.
thanks Lindsay you should be here w me, I am rolling solo
HASN'T THERE BEEN ENOUGH ATTEMPTED ORGAN-SHARING ON THE FACEBOOK
ima send you the tape round 4
Monday morning meeting, thank God for coffee :-)
We'll cook and do the dishes! Tonight's special is stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink for only $7+tax!
Welcome back Hoyas!
I'm feel like 💩 had an allergic reaction to a got damn bug bite
Time to turn off the laptop & fire up the range (if only it were an aubergine ). Dear is coming to dinner.
working, family activities, sprinkled with a little kicking it here and there. What about you?
good times for a thurs with the crew. Rocking some Joe Diffie! Door shut water on-BH
To celebrate #U2 playing in Baltimore tonite, how about #U2lyrics that apply to #print and #marketing? Use hashtag
I want nothing to do with coming home today.
we would need a #BillyDreamTeam for that haha
- I'm going to miss #Dalaric, too. Damon needs more friends, but none can compare to what he had with Alaric.
could you please follow ? he's a cool cat.
Okay, so if I told someone I'd call them "later," can I legitimately pretend that this doesn't mean I'll actually call today?
#FF = Food Fairies?
I cried when I saw how many toys everyone brought! Can't wait to deliver all these!!
Played ' new video in class today. Students loved it. Go higher learning!
Intelligent fans know that the lockout is not on the players right now. Even the media is clearly backing you guys.
plus the shopping! Did u know we are right across the street from most popular mall in U.S!
is it possible to over charge your phone ??
for hip-hop? Yes! Best known for Rick Ross "Mayback Music" series... and Justice's last album was kinda wack. Cross was the shit!
[We live. We learn. We grow] It is easy to get to the top after you get through the crowd at the bottom. -Zig Ziglar
drone journalism is totally the future!
Yessir! I have some shots of DWright, Jose Reyes, and Pagan warming up b4 a game last year. When do you need them by?
I know nothing about vehicles, but I love the british show #TopGear :)
RT : The Founding Fathers were smart &all but they forgot to cover what your rights are when spring break assholes take...
Thank you! Much appreciated. RT I am a fan! Thx:-)
Im I the only brit that doesnt know who one direction is O.o
What am I doin.? What am I doin.? Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin me, I'm doin me, I'm livin life right now man and that's what I'ma do ...
Oh man ... it was something to behold. ... just ask Daniel.
safe travels Brother Skip
I'm in a bad way, looking around the bar trying to see if anyone realizes what just happened. I'm a stunned face lost in a crowd.
Nice comeback for Dallas!!!
Sam: Noah are you alive. I want yo make sure your okay. The cat Got out
I just want to say I put that Gosling image in our Bathroom Reader and I regret it.
#ItsSadThat more people do not acknowledge that they are only silent because they will not speak.
Boy, Atlas Shrugged has been on for 10 minutes and it's already unbearably awful.
I hate rude teams.
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!(:
If you catch a reader's attention with a certain idea in the headline, don't lose them by introducing a completely different idea too soon.
Ellie got it for me! It's up to you to do the video now! I'm counting on ya! <3
I'm eating cereal
Watching sould surfer for the 5th time, never gets old!
#history #museum #historical Are you a book worm? Nevada talking book services comes out tomorrow!
I'll see what I can do, lol
So thankful for our awesome counselors Fred and Anna Kendall! and I had a great "pre-baby" session today
Blaise Pascal~ Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Austin & Ally need to confess their love for each other already!
Always be sobber when a bitch, come to your house, because you cant trust the hoes!! lol
Yes, the Gophers can beat Standford. However, if I'm wrong, nothing bad'll happen, so my opinion isn't valid.
Love women with ass but they name keep changing
Kobe is a great quote
#InstantTurnOn: iPod touches.
Thanks 4 having us out - looking forward providing gr8 product for ur gr8 teams - u have some gr8 players !
If you don't make mistakes you aren't really trying.
Love my 2 + hour voice/life lessons
#Boston #Worst #Deals www.boston.com switched a #Twitter account to & didn't tell the 1,000 followers
QoTD: "Life's simple. You make choices and don't look back." (Unknown)
NostraBarnesus? #UT hoop coach Rick Barnes says he was watching Cincy play yesterday and felt Bearcats would be UT's opening round foe!
"I hope, someday, somebody wants to hold you for twenty minutes straight and that's all they do."
Do u like or dislike ECW?
i'v been trying to eat healthy, then my Aunt treats me to Los Cuates LOL
Have arrived in Austin and looking forward to an enriching week.
NASA...out of this world...space....
Na not right now. Doing a lot of writing. Working on 3rd draft of screenplay. And 2nd of another one. That's about it right now.
well you just made my night :)
in school. HE GON LEARN TODAY!! PINEAPPLES!!
Bite your tounge. RT : Way too bright out way too early. Annoying.
Another great day in Austin (home again!) Will be visiting booth 1347 and booth 407
Haven't talked to sence Sunday but I hope she & work things out cuz u can't forget those 9 months <3
Today's tip: One way to monitor fitness progress is through regular body measurements. This will help track your progress (gain or lose).
Word!! RT : Women with hourglass figures tend to be more fertile.
this is the best New England weather, it makes me homesick
If it didn't seem so ridiculous, I would absolutely include my cardinal mug in my thesis acknowledgements. HE GAVE ME SO MUCH SUPPORT.
I am so thankful to be a part of such an amazing team!
Might not be going racing Saturday anymore...:( maybe next weekend
"If you go purely based on goals against, SKC has the best defense and RSL have the eighth best defense." MLS Message board facts
Go to utube and search "energetic-BoA" Japanese star but its in english yall. its so good.
at school we're making 1D bracelets(: all the $ goes to charity.follow if u wanna see pics! we have tons of fans at our school
I saw this quote in Susan Marx book on screenwriting, "People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up", do you agree?
Any time! :-) I hope all my books find excellent homes!
Chivas USA getting numbers behind ball, easily thwarting , who have to be lots quicker moving forward to break through.
Lights out I'm crashin' looking forward to dreaming #ilikethatalot -CheetoS
shit sitting in south Texas workin. Mantrose is good haven't been home much though
Sky is womb and she's the mmmoonnn
Amazing! RT “: The big GKY is showing your 🐴 when 👯 on 📺Sorry 👳, but you asked for new tricks"
Finally got my laundry card. I'll have clean clothes again! Hooray!
Who is ready for some football??
Wait, is that a plate of brownies?
"When I'm not a student I'm not as good a teacher" overheard at NYSAIS Experienced Teachers Institute
Soccer gets me goinn!
thanks for supporting my impromptu visit to UCONN yesterday!
Kevin Durant can't be stoped Harden or Ibaka
yes I run past that house all the time! It's AMAZING YEAR ROUND!
Amazing evening with family. Went to for a fantastic dinner followed by awesome coffee at along the lake.
ATTN:KC. I have some art that needs to be donated from Marcel Mobile Art Gallery. Would like it to go to an art charity.Must pickup in KC.
TB12 jersey is on! Let's get that MVP!!! Let's do this Patriots!!!!
Can I get an interview with him? RT : Someone I work with did it while bench pressing
I fail my Spanish exam . . .
MG Wheeler, Louisville #talentdividend Mayor Fischer working with Lexington on regional approach to advanced manuf jobs for newly degreed
love you too! (:
youur welcome love ( :
third to last palindrome day of the month today... put yo party hat on
Will do!
" March, march, march, march, march little robot...."
I'm on one knee holding black roses. I'm 20 years old. Enlisted in the air force. Will you take this invitation, and go on a date?
SIC Timmy the Owl T-shirts for sale at the Info Booth on Level 1. $15 first come first serve on sizes.
Have a safe flight! RT thanks for getting me from pb to near the airport
Rockin'! Can't wait to hear the final mix! #Twofantasticartistscollaborating = #greatmusic!
How did everything go?
Install a Whole-Home Water Filter System Today - Granular activated carbon media removes chlorine, tastes & odors Call Us Today
I know the feeling!! RT
When Chris came on the screen i screamed .
Who will be out at the Allstar Weekend show tonight? We'll be there promoting, come say hi!
or that, yes. Something not working 'til you show it to someone, and it works perfectly. To me, that's "technology." Hee, hee.
I can totally get used to this weather for Christmas.
Lucky!!!! Have fun!! Sucks that I can't watch it right now.
Tis the time...
Only one rehearsal in, and the cast already sounds amazing. =D
i have to say this. i really enjoy your insight. but hate the network you are on. plz go to
Looking 4 the #speedbusters segment 2nite? took a break. A great story on breast cancer awareness runs instead. C u next week!
Time to start this mess of a Friday
Nicole Kidman hits the bleach bottle again as she joins Zac Efron back on set ... - Daily Mail
I miss Citlaly D;
just booked the hotel and bought my tickets for DAYGLOW 2012!
My medical bill are outrageous and then those damn teaparty nutbags threaten the lives of those trying to fix it!
i hate people who think negative about EVERYTHING !
did you listen to poema yeeeetttt?? :)
that is right! Waaayy back
Do you remember where you were 10 years ago today when Dale Earnhardt lost his life at Daytona?
#SCNotTopTen Cleveland Browns take Brandon Weedon in the first round...
Good call. She'll probably work 0% of the time if I insult her.
to I sent u a message on fb a few weeks ago.
Wait. Drive By Truckers is tonight? ack!
The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
going to canada for tha weekend
Smile because you're the deer in the head lights
autoglasslocator.com is number 3 on google for the search term "windshierld replacement. Go to www.listyourshop.com to sign up today
Cool out for 2 minutes!
I wish I had a rock and write ' I miss you' on it then throw it at you. So you know how much I miss you.
Yeah buddy this this is poppin' .... Cream is already getting crazy like I said and its barely 11pm . Get here quick or you will be waiting.
Having I-94 closed this weekend was a pain... but I've got to admit it's really nice to drive on now.
I haven't been on in awhile, so vas happenin? ;D
FUCK YES! MUCH LOVE!!! : The names have been drawn.... and are going to on #CincodeMayo!
just got bitched up by my eye doctor at least i got new cute glasses
J.S. Edwards is open 11 am to 4 pm on Sundays. Free gift wrap
I'll be at Hyenas Ft. Worth Fri and Sat and Hyenas Dallas next Thurs, Fri, and Sat with Hit me up if you want to come!
Hello twitter world! Another gloomy; cold; rainy day here in Minnesota! Hope everyone is well, and has a great rest of the day.
Me:*sees white stuff on the floor* "Theres cocaine on the floor!" Mom: O_O
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Break a leg!
Kevin !! It's Nathalie .. Don't know if you remember me o; but dude it's been a while since we've talked :/ But hey lol :D
The school has been helped by several neighbors with clothes and toys donations. I want to thank All who has been helping us.
Annoyed. 😒. Where is Christian Grey when you need him?
Desperately seeking where are you?
Last day of shooting on PLAYDATE.
Argue with fools and from afar no one can tell the difference.
Have any of u guys ever played a fuckin sport ? If someone hit you,you hit back. On a pitch or off it.Well done Joey
La Sengphet Becomes First Woman in History to Win Three Open Tournaments on WSOP Circuit
canon 60D so excited to use it!
lol he would sit all the way at the end of the bench with Eddy Curry
Started Run with at 12:25 PM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
i just downloaded her first session at daytrotter back from 2009 haha
I want to see my name flashed on the side of dirigibles
Wow, thanks again! We have supportive supervisor, gives us latitude + permission to fail as long as we keep trying. It's key.
"Once they have a nuclear weapon, let me assure you, you will not be safe, even here in Missouris,"
"How about we not eat at the next stop?"
walking out of a physics exam and into the rain... major depression
can't wait to have you
I repeat!!! David Freese from!?!?? University South Alabama!!!
dont tell how to handle himself! You tried ruining the
Good morning Tweeters! Any good traning this morning? #traning #running #biking #marathon It's another day of speed training for me!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear ---> [ you are the father ] lol
whatever is 2nd can't even SEE 1st place "Dune" it's so far back ...
Honestly had no desire to do it. Too many kids. But my sis just got back from one with her hubby & my niece.
White privilege allows one to wax artistic about the appropriate way to present and view the suffering of "others."
I see. Thanks.
Hope you had a great Birthday ! Celebration on FRIDAY
Thanks for hosting me! It was a fun crowd :>
We're almost to our lucky giftcard winner!! RT and follow and it could be you!!
David Beckham is inspected & legal & didn't cost a million bucks to fix!!!
i'm trying to get fat, and look like you in your picture. :)
: #Innovation helped build the middle class, and the resources to revive #manufacturing exist in upstate NY.
YYYAAAAAYYYYY - So happy for you! Congratulations!!!
All aboard the B-Train!! Today Bertrand joins NFL Hall of Famer Harry Carson, Azcardinals.com Darren Urban, and Dbacks Voice Daron Sutton
are you using this? How do you like it?
All girls really want is someone to want them back
#IfIHadItMyWay I would have been married with kids now!
Let's be honest...am I the only one beginning to think Modern Family is becoming...um...dumb?
Love thunderstorms ❤⚡☔
New themes and avatars for ps3 :3
Patrick plz start intentional christian communities for #homeless on skid row. many ic dont include #homeless. thats sad. ty
was walking in front of me and he turned to wave so I turned too. But my dumbass didn't know he stopped so I ran into him hard. D:
Through my rise and fall, you've been my only friend.
Cool, will check it out!
Uh...he said it by trading Tebow for a 4th rounder (32 picks per round=math). I'm sending this in SUPPORT of dmac.
Thank you for sharing ... that could be the start of a new western for you! I hope to hear from others with a connection.
RT : Teachers/parents/students what aspect of your school are you most proud of?
you're the best!
thank you for turning it around! 4 goals in under 10 mins!
books as punishment? sigh. i used to fake sick when i was a kid just to stay home and read all day.
That is great your son is working with you. I think she probably took on too much, but why not jut be honest and send things back.
Arts Council of Fairfax County- Fairfax, VA New internship - check the MAM newsletter for details
The majority of buses are running on time. Some buses are running behind schedule due to weather conditions. Thank you for your patience.
the king of hearts & the king of clubs
I cannot wait for all the concerts this summer
Follow Friday my friends!
RT : Do we find God useful for our circumstances or do we find Him glorious regardless of circumstances?
Tides Foundation linked to ACORN scandal. Tides specializes in funneling money to left extremists with complete anonimity. What a surprise
classic swerve wasnt it! i love myself.
Just woke up....
About to watch the news with Mom. I am an adult, aren't I?
what's the right answer? Also: memory is cheap.
no way we lucky girl..enjoy this Beautiul evening:):)
About to hit hour 12 of work today and I'm starting to drag... Green tea please!
Send us your ALERTs! RT : Just saw this sign: "The NCAA sanctioned my other sign" LMAO
. underwent successful rt knee surgery for his patellar tendonitis. Expected to make a full recovery & be ready for camp in Oct.
I love gossip girl time with my bff :)
Friday Aug 6, 1st Friday art show @ 5pm! All kids art donated by our wonderful clients kiddos, we will be donating proceeds 4 a great cause!
Ju is a crazy ass baby....he keeps me going and going smh
Down to 343 on the Emory card with 2 and half weeks left, think I can spend it
shouldn't you e watching basketball and making a bacon weave- that probably has more grease:)
Fell asleep with my work clothes on
#DaBulls...no D.Rose? Go Hard or go home!
Nina was angry because a lot of the books details are not in the movie. Ps girls night?
Nancy Metzger, #HPRB nominee, was helpful to Capitol Hill Solar Coop in navigating historic pres for panel installation.
: Right? Tastes like freedom except less so than an eagle probably would.
thx for RSVP to the #mobilehackathon education! See you in Palo Alto!
#ohiogop please try to set up another victory center on Mayfield Rd. I hate driving to Independence.
#mla12 #s215 : southernspaces.org needed grants to do tech upgrades, i.e. move to Drupal.
You are bringing it tonight girl !!!!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Tanner likes my phone :)
only if i could cook then i would :) im actually updated mine rn. whats yours?
Dammit! I'm in the Hilton. Hopefully he'll be here after my panel.
Lmao , I know right RT “: hahaha can't wait till senior year!!!(;”
Holy Moly.... just called me to say hi!!! Must be craving some of that walleye sushi =)
lol. Ok. Do you do the interviews if they ask?
Pete I'm on season 2 of Party Down netflix streaming....so good. cannot believe there is no more after this. :(
Money Can't Buy you Class but it also can't buy you love.
let dem haters know, the queen has spoken.
Boy Meets World marathon is the best way to kick off my last day.
2001 is on my list too. I also have THX-1138 in there.
Just received commercial enquiry in Hebrew. Google's translation service to the rescue, could be a new language to integrate BIW with.
Sad day. Rest in peace Ryan. My older son Mitch's friend died in a motorcycle accident. He wasn't even 20 yet. Great boy. Is so missed.
There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees
Thanks for the Music Mondays and Follow Fridays Linda :) Nice to be mentioned with Oprah ;)
so much for separation of church and state...
glad someone's did
Good luck tonight. GO RAMS!!
oh. so sorry
I just witnessed a teenage girl get breathalized :o
keep this going please
Appreciated your logic and reasoning.
I noticed on Facebook you have the colored jeans at tags. What are the sizes and the costs??
oh used double r's in the first tweet
is this the back or side of the building?
people that write checks are retarded
Lmao! I knew u were gona say that.RT : u using military hours on me.. lmao
The Temple of A-ma was cool, except for the strange guy that I think has been following me since I left the market. But climbed to the top.
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.” - Marian Wright Edelman
Well have fun. Skiing?
you should double up on your bagel supply! :)
Planet Medic just updated website, check it out! http:www.nikkiisaacsphd.net
Wow, thx!! RT : thx for the shoutout! you lovely ladies should check the Daily today! :-)
is gonna start making bank like my mom does, with Watkins products. Anyone else want in? The more people, the more money..
Thaks for the heads up! ;-)
How can #hashtags and @ replies help your business prosper? Find out from at #RECon12 #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion
Was just offered a ride on a camel for the camel races. How can a girl resist that?!
Why can't I sleep D: Goodnight World <3
Life is full of Changes
lol why you hating on #teamdarkskin and yes I'm dark skinned, the darkest in knox
It is embarrassing, how lucky Lawrie was to have Joe Torre giving out weak punishment. Good point.
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
WSJ: ECB's Nowotny Wants 'Steady-Hand' Approach To ECB Policy - Wall Street Journal
you need to settle down!
I had plenty missed calls guess my school friends miss me ahaa
love your product
...there it is...engaging a community can be the most powerful tool companies have in an era of real-time, distributed, hyper-social media
Paseo Verde Lib is hosting two genealogy programs tomorrow: at 1 p.m., Intro to Genealogy and at 6 p.m. a Family Tree Maker Special Int Grp.
LYLALS just came on in the car. BRB BOOTY POPPIN.
#SaySomethin is trending(:
Hey Jude, indeed.
At Home.
Caught up w/ #SYTYCD last night. Looking forward to the new season! But really, Nigel... "Beasts"?
ha thanks
On Monday, I'll be tweetin from the 2nd Happiest Place on Earth --> Disneyland!
Can anyone guess what Port-au-Prince landmark the Caribbean Marketplace in Little Haiti is modeled after?
Umm, have you seen the whole reunion yet...like me? She didn't really whoop sydney. Not being rude.
no comment
why you did it see nomore working out for you you getting out of hand hulk lol
our email address is send us an email with any questions your have about the team
A holiday cocktail party is where some stranger will learn more about you in an hour than your spouse has learned in a lifetime.
You are to sweet!! I love how supportive you are<3 THANK YOU
is having her 2nd birthday party tonight..everyone is gone picking people up. party of 1 right now :) best party ever
So proud of my team! Battled back like warriors.
#Congratulations to for #winning #garagegames at
Future of #DH at #UCLA is now. Had a great time meeting DH faculty & grad students at Research Commons Open House today
Pacific Liquor's REDESIGNED Website is coming in less than a week...Cherish the old before it is gone PacificLiquor.com
What can I do? Use my voice and my networks as leverage. Be adaptable. Connect, Engage and Listen.
er, did pay for undergrad. Sorry about that. :)
at the Parsippany show, the Nets game and Madison at a different game:)
Join IFMA WI for Tri-Chapter XXI on May 15 where you can get inspired, network, continue your education and connect with your colleagues
RT : ChiefEunuch - The Daniel Diet is a-MA-zing! 10 days of water and vegetables = better you! // not amazing but worth it!
WHO WANTS SOME RONALD TONIGHT?!?!?!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
All this money for a little bit of food but your flirting with mee... F#$! you feed ME!
haha that glowstick and I didn't leave the dance floor<3 best dancing partner I've ever had!
#celtics just look lethargic, no?
when I do a search on amazon video for "kickboxing" why does Ally McBeal season one come up in the results?
Having dinner with my mother at her school reunion.
“A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.” you would retweet this
Remembered I have a crush on Christopher O'Riley.
Omg. I am about to die. 10 of my sisters friends are coming over right now for a sleepover. 12 years olds. Help me
omg. my tumblr has to stop posting my reblogs on my twitter! lol
I bet you are even better under the weather. You are always great! Have a great show!
By law, they can go to 7am. Yikes.
Beware the Ides of March
He should take 30 shots every night RT : Nic half joking that he feels bad taking 24 shots. He shouldn't, at least not tonight.
Why is my heart racing?! Ugh I feel so anxious. I can't tell if it's excitement or after effects of vodka...
Bloodbath - Like Fire #nowplaying 'Cause that's how I roll.
Good Morning, #Madison!
feeling the droid x love. now that I have my own, not works, more customization going on.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof are these white ppl who goin make sum terrorist kill us all lol
shout-out to my boys for killing it last night Hollywood's #1 House Music Spot!
Pulling out 1 gray hair does NOT cause 7 to grow back. It might, however, damage the root preventing any other hairs to grow back.
free as in beer, if you forget about the conference registration.
Two thirds of human existence is wasted in hesitation and the last third in repentance.
#beardsleyumn is there a difference between using technology to compensate for a loss and augmenting a normally functioning human?
bought me Mass Effect 2, and I can't stop playing it.
We wish all of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon Runners and Staff and fantastic Race! The weather will be perfect!!
Are you attending MLA's webcast today? Tweet about it with hashtag
I understand that the app is free, but popup ads are #annoying I'll pay to not have to deal with that.
Nice win for those Sixers tonight. Doc, stop whining about the calls. You are better than that.
is participating in a table read of a new script for tonight.
Definitely hit me up!
If by "archives world" you mean the established realm of libraries and professional archivists, I agree.
RT: feel bad for the ball in the #NEvCOL game. Poor thing's been devalued to the point where no player wants to be seen with it.
Please tell me you are joking about the matching sweaters.
YOUNG BRAVO'S NEW ALBUM TOPIC OF DISCUSSION IS AVAILABLE NOW IN HIS REVERBNATION STORE. DON'T MISS OUT!
Yeah, unfortunately it works much like fb in that sense. Totally sucks. That's why photographers don't want their pics up there.
(cont) with angry Wall street protesters, sideburns, chinese delivery guys, zebras, hair feathers with lice
you NEED to download that new #dreamchasers2 shit is FIRE
I've accepted what is out of my control.
WOW, Westbrook was at the basket by the time Jordan Hill Fell. smh
Okay, now you have me intrigued...six kids and you still go on a date each week?! Wow!
What did you do tonight?
I've had "The Hunter & the Phantom Limb" stuck in my head for three straight days now...
Glad to be home now I'm ready to crush!!! Where dha noodles at!!!???? O.o
Quote of the day... "What's a tharm?" Do you know?!
Not everyone is perfect but to me you are .
Literally? It was a link to uwishunu, that's all.
when #oomf brings me food.
thanks to the urban dictionary I know what cray is and now I will!
doesn't she get that we don't give three shits?! We're graduating in five weeks!!!
no problem
Woke up with cat paw prints on my head and 1980's fountain bangs.
You Only Live Once
Blake Griffin is so annoying to watch.
Hellz yeah, library! Way to come through!
you keep tweeting at random people named Dershowitz. It's amazing.
RT as of tomorrow i am back on my health kick. regular exercise and a good diet... i miss feeling full of energy!
Do you erase what you're thinking? and replace what you're feeling?
Have fun in our hometown & a great show!
Try their Spot Remover if you ever get blemishes. It is AMAZING!
- the season may be Fall, but it is always summer here in Florida.
8 days of school left! :D
I want a really smart kid to slap me right now. Age range:3-7 preferably female...
Is there a word for the panic that sets in when a is about to expire? Our parking lot is full and the phone won't stop ringing.
Let us know how we can service you!
Deep thanks to the brave , , & for RTs & Favs. Very kind, indeed!
Well im really over everything. Just diagnosed with pneumonia... when is this gonna stop
"Falling teaches us to walk safely." - Dutch proverb.
I have no real good reason to be mad, but I will be mad, because fuck you.
Gracie Breakdown Addresses Safety Issues After ‘Boy Chokes His Cousin to Death with Rear Naked Choke’ - watch this if your kids like to wre…
I had no drop of makeup on my face today
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Wow I'm #TeamAlton but I think #TeamGiada had a good presentation!
You are a fabulous inspiration to all who want to live life to the fullest! Long Live the Queen!
yaay (: can you follow my new twitter? (: <3
longg day can't wait to get into bed and pass out
Sounds good to me!
Vast majority of FB data is non-indexable. Really enjoyed #netbaseknows #sxsw panel. You made some really interesting points!
Round#4 wrapping up shortly. Hearing good things. Round #5 to begin at 2:40 stay tuned
Hillbilly wisdom: “: How much I need something relies solely upon whether or not I have to get up to get it or not.”
Reverse Mormon: Any obscure sex position; you have no idea what you just did with your partner but you feel as if there should be a name.
Watching the new "HUGE HUGE fan of abortions" holy shit, well done. Hilarious!
<<< LOL I know right? So irrelevant!
I want to jump out of a plane #adrenalinejunkie but
I was bored so I went into the bathroom and told the mirror some jokes. And the mirror laughed and laughed. It was a good afternoon.
HAHHA! GOOD ME TOO!
sweet deal my dude! Much love thanks for the support keep an eye out for the NEW DROPS! coming soon
Fun fact... I never get tired of explaining our new 'Adios, Mofo' shirt to people. :-)
RT : Who is coming tonight? and Partner for Prenatal Yoga | Ups And Downs Of A Yoga Mom...
thank you for the RT
My daughter is reading Huck Finn in HS. Interesting that they are including a censorship perspective as part of the discussion.
Women who tend to scratch thier partners back w/thier old crusty feet "Rebel" My Ped/Pal Foot scrubbs will have yor feet doin the sexy dance
Friends come visit me. ! N n. n
- yes we do i agree!! yeah she knows how it is.. i cnt do it anymore.. when i get back we gotta do it
Lls aibt dis bout a bitch half my exs pregnent but thank fully not by me ( ; ckos they were two crazy for me
