About to watch this Mayweather fight!!
Happy Tuesday everyone
Rode w my brother into the hood where he's working on roofs and see someone pull out from their $20k house in a new Lexus
1 yr anniversary of passing of my beloved&my daughter's father,Rock&Roll& R&B hall of famer, Johnnie Carter, Dells&Flamingos.We miss him
want a weekend got in trouble hopefully now moving back in with my niece :) not getting along with my parnets now
I feel bad that I didn't make one for dads. Mainly cause I havnt seen nor spoken to my dad in 3 years and he lives 10 min away
Welcome to the #LincolnPark #Chamber !
glad you liked it! Richard labored long and hard on that one!
thanks I will check it out.
Going to get #drunk on #tea!!! Eeeeepiiee!! Love
#worstsongever : only exception. HATE IT!
throat status- hurty. but with awesome ariel shaped company. happiness is a painting your best friends nails.
Check out the MyHeartMap Challenge Winner Update on Sanjay Gupta MD this Saturday at 430p EST and Sunday at 730a EST
Europe close: Apple results ripple through European markets
i will lolol
Type "zerg rush" into google and see what happens. :)
remember when it was just us 2 eating a funnel cake at disneyland for vals birthday? Lol
Give it to me flaws and all as long as you can accept mines we can make this thing work in time
Today is amazing.
Eldrad, Sanginary Guard, Grey Hunters, Hellions, Long Fangs.
nf follow back
you don't reply to everyone... Help out a fan and give a shout out,I'm in a drought I almost have as many followers as you
definitely made headway planning! Thanks!!!
long fuckin day.
Actually it's 0.476 cents a song, but who's calculating?
I heart Dirk Nowitzki
Lecrae's "Church Clothes" is going to open some eyes..
Love & Hugs To You
Ritee She Most Likely Is Cuz She Don't Care Where I Transfer ...What Ya Mom Gonna Say
is my hero....can I be auntie b? ;) loves to you guys! Congrats!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mamas :) xx
Current students: have a friend or co-worker on the fence about enrolling? Tell him or her to call Charlene at 1-617-603-6942! Start Monday!
#ShitMyBrotherSays - There has been A Lot more people camping this year, than going on vacation. Me: where did u get that info at?....
Holding breath! Judging coming up on #Star Fingers crossed for
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.-- Mabel Newcomber
I believe he is here because he cares. We just need to bring him around.
time zones are so overrated.
I'm so fucking hungry but I can't eat anything.
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
Ad: Chun and I stepped into Zegna in Vegas. I can see why your love affair started. Almost walked out $2k poorer w/ a new suit
“: The state of Kentucky is about to experience the full force of the ESPN hype machine. Get ready.”>>Nothing new.
have a good weekend my friend!
Javier Colon now Jermaine Paul.... What the.. Where are the women
does that say 'hot asians' on it? cause swag cant describe something w/ 'asian' on it. personal experience.
Rahall: dismiss the rhetoric that is coming and look at Tomblin's record annual
moldy doughnut fuzz maybe?
“ #NextStupidRealityShow justin bieber looks for a girlfriend and its called do you beleib in love...”lmaoooo
Its time to take my relationship serious I'm trying to settle down with her as my life long partner
yes he liked him a lot as a freshman. Had much respect for him.
I feel you lol.
Thank you for joining my Crew! I'll send your pins asap.
when you put stuff in the storage you realize u have alot of stuff
YES!! RT: ive probably said this before..but i LOVE the share button! makes putting pics on facebook SO much easier <3 :)
Hanging out for a queens tour tomorrow
RT : Thanks Oh, and I have beard envy #awssummit (I don't think we have a cloud beard service yet... ElasticBeanBeard!)
I just turned on the tv and bam, Mortal Kombat was on.
GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather.
Ass in seat para 's secret flick - which I've heard might be ZAPPED! ¡Viva Chachi!
I miss you too!!!!! We need a date night ASAP!!!!
Happy Saturday soccer fans! It's a great day to be out on the soccer field!
Stuffed!! I'll find room for dessert~
How do you miss three intentional fouls in the same play
It's not a record just about your first love, but it's about what happens to you in the years following that.
black vampire... Hmm
There is nothing more wonderful than sitting still, watching the sun set over the ocean. Cheryl Carr
Back in my room preparing to go to NAPA for the 2012 OCM Bocas Lit Prize... Yep, I'm running late. Bye
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Fort Worth!
Need help for a blog post if you had to describe me in one word it would be_____? or DM me if you like.
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
Now sitting in mcdonalds, alone. :(
what is wired and a lot less funny is when people tweet the same thing over and over again it is like a Broken Record
MAMP isn't irrelevant, a great piece of software & does a specific job well, e.g. managing mult. Drupal dev sites . cc /
you're an asshole..... this is why i'm dating you though. i'm also dating you for the sex. the sex is nice.
follow back? ;)
Going to bed.
It says "Imagine your parents telling you they have surprise on your birthday..and 1D walks into your room" !!!! OMMGGGG
Got it. Thanks! We've started following you too :)
Did they? :( I knew three people left but I saw their post saying they weren't breaking up completely. Aw man D:
Pssst... guess what? you're awesome.
hey, thanks
If my man wanted a show I'd give it to em front & center.
Took the dog walking in the snow. She liked it.. got all covered in it and happily licked it off the ground...
is represented.
You just a temporary hoe ...
Baby please try to forgive me... Continue the lyrics if u know it
It's been far too long since you've said that you love me, maybe you just don't and that is my reality now.
Lost all respect for Roger Goodell today. Attacking the best organization in football for PLAYING FOOTBALL.
NoDaysOff_ATC Get for yourself an walmart coupon. Everything you have to do is answer walmart's question! See my profile website!
everytime i see in his music videos i cry a little .... in the inside lol >.<
Me, My Kid, N Wendy's Chocolate Frosty!!
you posted a url for the SXSW panel .... is it right?
one of the smartest realisation in our life's part is to recognise the devil and use his horn as our walking stick.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a wonderful, safe weekend!
Life hard I'm harder
My best friend is insane. thats why i relate to her. AND NO I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU MARIA! Haha jk jk jk!!!!
Cheat & Eat ; That's The Motto Around These Parks !
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. Arthur Schopenhauer
thank you so much! Amazing.
I've got some great mixes for you all tonight. Main floor of will be crazy.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. Peter Marshall
#libchat "Content categorization: online-personal-storage" (we don't allow thumb drives either) ...
Disney on Broadway Earns 16 Tony Award Nominations | The ...
Awww! Clean kitties.
If u r a golf fan n live in LA, check out the Northern Trust Open at the Riviera Country Club n Pacific Palisades going on now until Sunday.
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Have a Hapy New Year!
He Just a Baby Boy
| Great way 2 start wk w/excellent connectors!
thats sick brotha get me a meet n greet!
Oooohhhhhh Banana-how everyone loved you today...... Until tomorrow...
♥♡♥♡ TY RT well since I'm up I'd like to say good morning to wishin her a beautiful Friday & weekend to come.
Just gave Tim Gunn an uncool double take as I walked by him on Amsterdam Ave & 89th. You're supposed to pretend you don't care.
not to bust in on your bush question, but it looks like nandina.
Give Lacee a break. We all have to start somewhere.
Hey , just noticed the link on your blog- thanks!! :) I need to make more time for mine... Also, I LOVE VT's covered bridges!
Roll Call. Who's going to E3?
Sore throat, headache, fever and 4 IEP meetings tomorrow. Should be a fun day.
What Did You Do ? Un-Follow Me Then Decide To Follow Me Again ? xD
Our KidZui Blog is geared toward parents, since parents are usually the ones who research and download KidZui.
Just signed contract at Imperial Theatre in August, GA for show on Thurs, APR 12th. Journey begins to fill 840 seats. If u r there...
I paid back all my student loans too, took a long time, plus worked FT thru college, only way. Yeah, yeah, tune the violins ;-)
Small businesses need the same thing as big businesses...more business! Well said Hector Barreto, Latino Coalition
relics for sure. How do you pick just one?
Thank you for the shoutout
No worse then the people I drive by every day on the streets.
that sounds like a personal problem..
I thought was Puerto Rican.
I like your statement better than mine: my favorite experimental music reveals the simple in the complex.
anyone else as obsessed with the scene in Step Brothers were they sing "Sweet Child of Mine" in the car... i laugh soo much at that part :)
oh man totally
RT : I'd like to think we will move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
I meant go after him with Updyke-type move! Poor guy!
Oh, Boy Meets World, you're such a good show.
The 30-year-old graded stakes-winning son of Bailjumper was euthanized due to the infirmities of old age....
We can't wait to see you + your guests. RT : Sweet, 3 tickets to Now who should I take...? and....
Thank you !!
vitamin c overload!! I feel something going on
Seriously, who farted?
Let's make this comeback Atlanta
"If everyone WHO follows..." Seriously though, you are one of the best on Twitter, & 30 Rock is outstanding
What's a little DUI on the way to gobble fries with a "friend"? And that playful punch? Total misunderstanding!!
Haha I've only changed mine once.
and u didnt give it to him? lol
what's good. I see the success you got poppin in yo area.
RT : Consumers are visual. They want data at their finger tips. Mobile is the only way to deliver this, 24/7.
u welcome
It is #RHONJ time!!
The key to keeping your woman happy= attention, affection, treat her like a queen and sex her like a pornstar!
