Can I be your 11:11 wish? ;D
ProTools test in the morning....GN folks
Check-In today using your Yelp or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
Or rather, break down?
Thanks and I hope they do!
just get a blanket
How I sneeze: "HSUIDFHWE" *leg in the air*
The "With Friends" app developers need to buy "Dice" and make it better.
True unfortunately (Nuggets fan here) the Spurs are so far ahead of any team in the west,it's sad
#Twi2012 Emerging markets are more resilient to global crises than ever before notes Eswar Prasad.
Working on vox for for the rest of the night. Follow us like us wtv you wanna do.
This is a horrible story Mr. Schue. Unless your dad was abusive.
If you had talent, you wouldn't need luck.
If I don't reply, It's because I don't want to talk to you. There really is no need to continuously text me.
Confederacy had belligerent rights.
Death Eaters from #HarryPotter invade
Now she's about to graduate and I couldn't be more proud. 😊
Got some really fun revision stuff done today, I think. is pretty much a genius as a crit partner.
Yeah, but if you play multiple games with multiple people, then what would you call it?
That is only because it makes no sense to me one to try and upset anyone is lame expescialy if it's such a lil thing :p hmn
"I'm waiting around while you're working it out. So you won't be able to be sad." ::break and repair method::
Find myself Biting my Lip every time he Passes :)
Damn you T.H.Houghton!
album says "Recorded in a bathroom and hot, sweaty room, Philadelphia. Overdubbed in bedrooms, Seattle and Los Angeles."
Happy birthday peace love and much happiness!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew exactly what I do on the weekends
I'm with Sheldon. It's O gauge or no gauge.
A positive out look brings a positive life! no regrets just learn from the past and keep it pushing cause "time" is impatient and so am I.
just joking
ok! 1... 2... 3! *tackles him* :D oh yeah he did and it was great. Sucks that I won't be at tomorrow's game (blame my mom)
Almost punched my dog in the face but dont worry #iloveanimals :]
Company Dancer Ice Cream Social tonight at 8:15pm. Yum yum! See you there!
Why does everybody blame a single man when this is a team sport. I think I've seen worse on every level tonight
its down loading.. now
my daughter and made the trip june 3rd to watch bosox && eat at the grill
Another abysmal showing - this is going to affect recruitment at BC for years - #firespaz now
RT RaceNewsUpdates & the money goes to MARTIN TRUEX JR!
Got 2nd it the 4X1 and 400m run. And third in high jump.
Every time I hear the word precious. I think of the lord of the rings lol
cant find my cat =[
I love dressing up like a cowgirl (:
I feel so proud to have moved to Cleveland from the Big Easy. Not!
Now THAT's what I call a Friday night! :)
I'm mad at how amazed Sandra is that I actually replied to her text. Lmao, if you have my number now is the time to text me! #IMREPLYING (:
I'm sorry we don't track that. ;)
Flying standby can be a blessing and a curse! From Denver to Dallas, now back in Denver...making power moves but stuck like Chuck for now!
Hi my Twitter friends
I am so ready for Sunday!
Today is not the day to be working all day and night!
Kicked into a one person Yobongo room again. So sad.
Maybe we can do it Together Parker! I'm in! Are you? Ha.
So....i hope everybody has a wonderful day in the hot sun!!
I stay up late every night and realize it's a bad idea every morning!
Next up on the #Horror #Geek movie marathon- "Doghouse" so far its a cast I like- Stephen Graham, Danny Dyer, and HP's Stan Shunpike
It's all good
There's no future in time travel.
#SometimesYouHaveTo grab her, pick her up, throw her on the bed, pull off her clothes, pull panties 2 the side,& just start fucking her good
I should go to bed. Unfortunately, this will require getting ready for bed, which I don't want to do.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
To the team of : have very interesting story which is PERFECT focus for the show. Would love to know email more details. Thank you.
“: #Scorpio isn't afraid to fight back... & they never back down.”
Why am I waking up at 6 on a Saturday?
GOP & European socialism hv something in common: both propose austerity as a solution(so Europe had negative growth last yr). GOP listening?
I hope you all have a great Holiday season! TY for the follow and our book Bubble gum badge is making traction in the self publish market
I wanted to tweet about the beers I was drinking @ the boston beer summit last weekend but I left my phone at home. was my fav
it will also clean your house, cook you dinner, and tuck you in at night.
hopefully those 2 aren't skirts like u are 85 and they will have a cocktail or 3 tonight.
I'll send my thoughts, consider it squashed. Busy right now, but certainly the wrong guy to attack, I'll explain later.
hey you, yes you, no not you!, you right there, yes you,!,......do you like tacos?
Thanks Kelly! Have a great weekend!
lmaoo im good good, you? I finished school on monday so im chilling when I don't have work lol
Went to hot #yoga for the first time. Imma just lay here for the next hour.
thanks dear! Pleasure to meet you too!
GREAT point, B! RT : I don't understand why they won't let those people be miserable like everyone else smh
Yes, but if it's just a bracelet there shouldn't be any.
Sometimes it's nice to work on the weekends. Makes Mondays a lot more tolerable :)
Oh yay, after a terrible day of crying now my computer is going to die in about 3 minutes oh yay.
Thanks Donelle! Us too! RT : Looking forward to your 15th anniversary celebration this week Congrats!
Love that dusty rose gown on McCarty! Beautiful shape and that necklace is to die for! X
u make a skype yet? add me wen u do: briwade94
feed://attorneyjobfinder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
Monday I watched a man dive to the pavement...today I have him to thank for my new lease on life.
The school bus driver who had a heart attack on his route has died. The kids who tried to save his life must be crushed. What do you think?
“The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.”
Yes it is for free
Ill. House to Vote on Chicago's Red Light Camera Bill. Big Bill is not in favor of spying devices that catch you doing things you shouldn't!
If I unfollowed you then I either didnt like your tweets or I didnt like the way you treated people. Thanks -Caity xoxo
sweet baby Jesus please make the very unpleasant weather go away...Im sick of rain, and thunder, and lighting...Love Nicole :)
or Matt Jones
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate*
TX is great at creating McDonald's jobs right now, WY/SD are creating energy good $$ skilled jobs. so it's even better.
Apparently she's annotating the correspondence of an American sculptor living in Paris, who kept complaining about the heat.
a song about food stamps lol
By the time a tweet is posted, there's another leader at The Masters. Unbelievable golf!
Thanks for the Review! It was lovely! -BAC
Just drank a Hot Chocolate in the middle of July! :)
on the brite side ,tomorrow u'll have 2 shiny nickles to rub together..lol
Sounds good!
Is there a place in Houston where they can remove scratches from an iPhone 4S??
You going to try and jump a little red wagon on that?
I'M LISTING PEOPLE 10 TIMES IF THEY FOLLOW --> PLEASE FOLLOW!!! AND LET ME KNOW YOU DID ;)
thanks darling! Here's to hoping... :)
So much fun. Love you fools.
Does anyone show more emotion after a big strike out than Cervelli? Nobody can say the guy isn't into the game.
I'm in the same boat! Done! lol
In this hoe jumping it's cold ass fuck
at hinterland?
Day 2: Medina, OH to St. Louis, MO. Lots of snow, but other than that an uneventful day! Seeing the sights and getting dinner in the city...
Very good movie
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know - Becker's ASC Review
I don't even know where to start with all of the things I need to accomplish. Okay, let's go.
napkins, toilet paper - whats the difference?
Not even close to enough. Certainly his past should precede him here. Rest of season at least imo
lmfao I most likely will
Unknown fast paced mystery movie. Bad guys get serious whooping. Liam Neeson wins again.
Yay. Lets Go.
Awe I have a lady lover :)
totally agree with you. our head is giving us 2 late starts for PD, and that was HARD to get.
I hate when people say, "I need my beauty sleep.." Bitch you need to hibernate.
They say...i say bah hum duck!
Yep it's beautiful! :-)
Have a great weekend peeps!
"Evil men do not understand justice, but those who seek the Lord understand it fully." Proverbs 28:5
Though he lost his opportunity to mention that Christ is his savior...he's got to start saying that more.
Hanging out with family this weekend. Next week will be busy! Lots of stuff to get done at work, home, and first week of Spring Term.
My prayers go out to the peeps in Japan... cali is due for one so be prepared!
idk you see me ?
Thanks. I've decided to fight if possible.
Madison fire: Officials expect crews to be on "fire watch" for flare ups throughout the day and into the night.
Let all who are under authority imitate these men and not obey those who give unjust orders. Bl Theophylact (Explanation of John 7:44-46)
“: Stealing my whole style, That's a #SwagBite” that
haven't i taught you anything? i leave you alone for ONE WEEK and what do you do... BRUNCH, and it's a POTLUCK?
IDK. daughter has her last indoor game, of which I am the coach...weighing the possibilities..may skype my coaching :)
Just concluded the in Las Vegas with hope to be back next year.
Not everyone around you is your friend.
Who's excited???
Until next year....GoodNite Oscar!
I was lucky to have met and played baseball with Gary Carter. It was a pleasure. RIP, Kid.
I don't need your entire life story. I can help you better, and faster, if you get to the point.
No farmer ever plowed a field by running it over in his mind. -George E. Woodbury
killed my penny!! #revengetime ;)
Follow me now and you'll keep pace. miss a step, and im gone.
Headed to Augusta - maybe I'll see Tiger Woods
What day is today? ;)
Today was not a high point. But seeing some of the things coworkers have built out in 'free' time has made things a ill better
are albino people from ireland
o_o LMFAO . My Friend Said He Was At A Wedding Yesterday And Saw This Thingy With The Bride And Grooms Name And Asked His Brother +.
lol yes! let's get it! I'm sure they will have a great summer vacation with that Cup
man, Lakers v Thunder is getting REAL
just got caught up w/ #Castle. Never saw promos. Took me 5 min to realize u & Adam worked together on #Firefly. Gr8 team up
Youth Foundation Booth is located at the entrance to the Racing Pigs. Raffle - Autographed SkyGlider Bench & many more 1 of a kind items.
Resources say that Apple is no longer going to produce the Mac Pro desktops.
Received my copy today. Can't wait to dig in.
": You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. -Taylor Swift"
I cant express how much I want to eat cheetos & doritos today. Those evil food corps sure know how to trick the mind into craving garbage.
so how much are the autographs?
I was watching it too! Aha ! (: haven't seen it in a while!
Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card
Love the Daily Show... Samantha Bee "But nobody takes you seriously now... you're a blogger."
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha;-) when are you coming down here again?
"Greatness" by that you mean Lebron James lmao the heat aint shit with out Lebron. ive said it plenty
Probably gon go Sell at like noon
Don't melt! Have a wonderful weekend.
Face down ass up
putting together recipes & homemaking tips for a surprise little wedding shower lunch at work this week. Got any gr8 tips to share?
I'm mad there is not one iconiac at my school!! People just don't understand the amazingness of the boyz!!
Only if you're Jewish....
home home home! Time to get to work.
thank you
gd thx! Hope u do too! Have a great day!
ABBYY Lingvo Server Brings Real-time Translation to New Levels
Puckett says this is their set from Ghosts, an all instrumental album. Cool stuff.
autoreply is set and it feels so very rite
How come?? email us at if you are still interested ?
honeychild, i need to teach you how to use hashtags. hahaha
shoutout and its me
goodmorning kenz! Even though it 6pm where I live... Haaha. Have a good day!
Happy Birthday Rudy Rowe I. Celebrate your weekend well. We love you.
Yeah, I watched the replay of #TMZ and saw the coverage of #DonnaSummer. It was so inappropriate and not funny at all.
give me some !:O
I love this woman right here...even though she won't answer me....ever
If I lived near Lindsey we straight up would of been grubbing after getting hella blowed.
it's really late. If I were an announcer I wouldn't be making sense either
Yikes! where is that at?
Dumb Girls<< Like What You Goin To School For
If the twitter chat is not about the webinar topic, you have lost the audience!
I don't say anything about you, so please just stop the ridiculous childish rumors and grow up. Be a teenager, not a kindergartener.
Hogan: replace things like marital status, birthdate w basic elements like marriage contracts, births Me: OK *if* you have that info.
Saw Sherlock Holmes at midnight
Thanks for the follow, !
beautiful Irish Setter!
i used an old friend's all-soup recipe: make a game of it
this explains the traffic on the surrounding side streets...thanx!
Like legit one week away till my parents go away! Fuck yes, house partay. :)
I like the new pic!
LA Clippers, moving on the 2nd round Semi Finals playing against my San Antonio Spurs! Oh yeauh. We got this.
Im late but Im here! RT :
Is that a joke? I will see you around 9:00.
Democratic Party Leadership was hijacked by Leftist Extremists/Progressives/Socialists (all the same). There are no more True Democrats.
balloon boy?
Don't normally have many good things to say about Yankees, but Mariano Rivera is a class act. I hope to see him pitch again.
RT : lets keep eachother posted on any findings! #Nabshow. So far so good
I'm going to get my tix, so idk yet. I'll let you know :)
That said, it's been a great tool for our research team.
Hope this weather continues for our Purely Social tomorrow! We'll be at METRO, Zen on Seven & tours of the rooms--join us!
ugh. I really hate writing those too. Everyone wants a laid back, drama free person. What does that even mean?
at da room..
Folks can diss Kenny's tactics (imperfect, yes) but #lfc are not winning b/c PLAYERS aren't PLAYING well. Some just aren't good. (1/2)
head & heart, head & heart...
Drifting off at 10:30 on a Saturday. Something about being healthy, wealthy, and wise. I'll take the former & cross fingers on the latter 2.
don't know. I asked after he went to bed.
Right now on the TJMS: It's your favorite celebrity snitch Huggy Lowdown!!
when you gunna get it!
Lot of y'all not risk takers...which is why that comfort zone you built holds your potential back to find yourself beyond measure
No.. still not close... Breed was interviewed yesterday.. and even he said they are nowhere near a deal...
not as often.
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon
I gotz me some one direction tickets im so happy!!!!!!!!!!:D
I know, I was surprised. Felt like someone up there "gets it" (but doesn't feel like there's any teeth behind it...) :(
that's how i know when i am on the right path...He sends encouragement from unpredictable places, people, locations and venues...
60s classic rock >>>
thank you! :] haha. That's good. Mine too! How are you?
I think drake is on my flight
He's all growns up, and he's all growns up! Congrats, man.
I obviously cannot keep track! Thanks for the support!!! Give Wattsie my love!
What if the Heat and Knicks go to game 7? I'll laugh at the Heat forever...
Wanted: IP Admin. Assistant with intellectual property experience. Is this you? Send us your resume!
Yet quick to attack others over perceived insult to a book they probably can never read. Much less understand. Tragic!
Let the rain fall down & wake my dreams let it wash away my sanity cuz I wanna feel the thunder i wanna scream let the rain fall come clean.
I downloaded app then Shazammed.. Not really. RT : Is anyone fast enough to pull up Shazam before ad ends
3 day weekend for this guy😁
oh hey there snow.
OMFG !!! follows me !! Thank you so much Nialler . It mean so much for me :D
Hm...#Celtics vs #76ers. Too bad there's no history between them in the playoffs.
0 cause I wanted to wait to get a second hole
FOLLOW YA BOI
RT: : cracks me up thanks for putting my tweets on tv haha
I hope.
My son is loving your magnets and food. How did you come up with those products?
our store is so bare and we're out of everything. Last day til I get three weeks JUST for school. Is is sad this is like my vacation?
I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve. #dirtywork :)
are you guys going on tour again soon? Maybe a summer tour? And can you Please follow me? 😭
Join us @ Center Plaza 9/22 for a FREE Stoop Storytelling show. 5 PM-7:30. FREE beer...yes..that's FREE show & FREE beer. What a combo!
thank you!!
I'll be there ;)
I will be in the building!! RT : thanks bae, its tomorrow officially tho. Just celebrating tonight
Congrats on that spiffy green jacket! Looks good on a Bubba!
Kimchi Bowl lunch is looking god!
DeMaio says he's the only small business owner running for mayor, understands challenges business owners face.
We lost one of the most honest absolutely brilliant comics I have ever witnessed. Rest in Peace, Patrice, you will be missed. #RIP Patrice
Steak n Shake cookie dough blizzard>>>>
me too!
.: Though the crime defies logic, Private Bodies, Public Texts provides sociohistorical context for killing of
No talking about Scarlett Johansson while I'm eating a hamburger.
no "lol" though
HIS Faith becomes my Faith; HIS Love becomes my Love; HIS Will becomes my Will; HIS Strength becomes my Strength!
meet up tomorrow. !(: 1:56pm. come straight to bus 97-7. left side. back row.
waking up and doin the dishes #responsible :D
there like after the check cleared after 10hrs ha
#YouGetPointsIf you listen to what I have to say
Your biggest dream is way too small. Live & pray with
"the grass is only greener on the other side because you haven't watered the grass you're standing on"
Vision is not what you see with your eyes. Its what you SEE for yourself in the future
Ya - so gross! Nope, not yet, did I never answer you? Thought I did.
Agreed. Side of my finger always gets pinched when I right-click because of the way have to hold it. Love it but would tweak it.
thank-you. For the follow
I haate when people text me and then they dont respond.
Meeting with Writer/Director Janine Salinas today. The rough cut of Dulce's Ashes is almost finished!!
Laying in bed all cuddled up w/my blanket & my yorkie Dublin. Watching MSNBC again lol. I'm watching some show on Inmates in Prison. Crazy!
Drinking a well deserved whiskey after getting ticketed and towed in my first week in LA. Cheers to learning the hard way.
RT - power rankings #nfl 2 New England: 90 I doubt Brady will throw for 8000 yards
Midlakes Basketball: Great day for us...Little Dribblers was a success and we had our 2nd annual coaches clinic.
Harry Potter: Harry potter movie peeves
Ladies! The day you've been waiting for is finally here! Our first spring BB Dakota shipment has arrived! Photos soon to follow.
that's not weird ...?
What?! Academics have bodies? Say it isn't so...
Tonight! Moon Nightclub Presents LIL JON in a very special DJ set!
Another awesome new Ped. Pal Scrubby to hit the Feet? he-hee Plum in Love with Ya! Oh my gosh, close your eyes and you smell sweet plum tea
Optimism: a rain shower possible this weekend. Pessimism (or realist): Scattered showers Saturday, few on Sunday too, w/sunbreaks.
for someone who is experiencing Criminal Minds induced night terrors, I'm surprised you have put my place up on 4square. Thnx
I wanna go to the Round Rock Express game just to see if Im lucky enough to meet
24 excellent professionals exchanging leads! This week we passed 17 leads, $180k last year!
I take being burnt to a whole new meaning
I'm playing in East Atlanta tonight @ The Graveyard with Evil Empire! Show starts at 10:30!!!
DO NOT WANT
Almost positive I've hit up every free sample in this place. Lunch of champions.
good correction! haha, and majority of the female population is dumb
Peanut butter quesadilla sounds great with honey on top
Thank you so much for the retweet!
#MCL - so its not just trending on twitter, but actually through the city eh?
Charla (my wife) helped push a stalled DC police car out of a busy intersection. I'm impressed.
I enjoyed all of them. They're just crazy popular now partially due to the movie release.
but *never* uses hyperbole!
Citizenship in English starts at 5:30. Despite the name, this class will not answer your questions on how to become a citizen of the UK.
Things that puzzle and frustrate me: why I can find Mother's Day cards for any female relative but stepMOTHERs. Makes no sense.
Yes sir likewise ....DJ RomanRoxford is a hell of a DJ n kool pplz too follow him ppl
i don't blame you :)
ur talking to one of the promoters...no press passes, but we could arrange something. How can we get coverage w/u?
When my mom turns on the light and calls me Time to wake up
I've been good! How are you? Are you going to deadmau5?
So says he will freak out if Obama isn't re-elected. I think America can live with Maroon 4.
Seven pages in and just getting to the theory. Really not sure I have 13 pages more in me. Let alone four semesters.
Adrian Peterson and Maurice Jones-Drew are the two best running backs in the #NFL today, it is a shame that they are on underachieving teams
Tell your curvy friends to follow us and receive great deals on some HAUTE plus size clothes and accessories!
DAMN I CME FROM GETTING HAIRCUT SEE.MY SQUAD GETTING RAN & MY NIGGA DWADE GOT 3POINTS!
crowdsourced music is a double edged sword
Remember to always check your links in your blogs, newsletters and websites.
are you coming to school ?
TIME OF UR LIFE .....DOPE FUCKIN TRACK BRO
Delve into our interview with , former lyricist for the Grateful Dead, retired WY rancher, & co-founder of
Long exciting day ahead. My daughters is having a birthday party. No room for tweeting or bloging... maybe :)
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
listening right now...sounds good! Keep the vibes coming!
Anyone got information on Food Trucks for Broad Ripple Village?
“: Real asshole fake cancer”
Hey , you should package the songs you use before commercial breaks as iTunes or Spottily playlists. Great tracks.
thanks for the RT
you dont rep the team cubano .
got a bro tank burn from 3v3 today.
Yeah, just sprinkle quotation marks everywhere for maximum accuracy.
David Peralta, Spanish director of ‘Ay, Carmela’: “Once again, even in times of crisis, we made another dream a reality.”
exactly. Y'all are seniors now though enjoy it!
One last set before this #Arkansas adventure draws to an end.
Sorry I Havent Been On My Twitter. But Followed=)
#JessicaSanchez- btw can I borrow your dress? :)
Very soon. We are setting up an LA show right now! Tell all your friends to come out and we'll have a great time!
Working on some great new MP acrylic original paintings! Remember 1st Friday downtown Vegas this week!
stay positive! What's the interview for?
miss ya 2
#Quizlet has some great possibilities for my students. Hoping to create more independent thinkers/learners before they reach hs next year!
THANK YU TO EVERYONE THAT HAS TAKEN THE TIME TO LISTEN TO MY NEW SINGLE SO FAR! PLZ SHARE W/UR FRIENDS!!!! VIDEO COMING SOON!
It makes me sad when I hit 'forgot my password' for a site, and I get emailed my actual password. Please stop storing my passwords.
I pledge allegiance to the
Please let us know if you would like tosupport www.pledge4patriots.com support the cause!We as patriots need any contribution
Order a , , or 1" Wristband & get free shipping on your whole Blacklight.com order! Lets support these guys!
MN Commissioner of Health to speak at HCMC this morning at 10 am.
My Favorite Dome History: 10/15/2005 Badgers Block Gopher Punt on way to a Comeback Victory
She don't believe in shooting stars, but she believes in shoes and cars..
Now your just someone I used to know.
Lycos founder seeks new breed of Web pioneers
Even more shocking that he's right on something. If you bought into Groupon you didn't need more regulations, just brains.
#NoManShouldEver say no to some head!
hey i am a huge fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Skip all the reading and call me and I can explain everything you need to know about blogging. 425-486-7778
Phil just finished with another birdie at 18! That's two days in a row with a finishing bird, and only 3 shots off the lead.
Lmfao it's sad how you would never say that to me & my friends's faces.
A wee bit irritated !
if your friend is “on the fence”, it means she is undecided about something.
Life is so good even when it's bad.
There`s no relationship without any fights, but you always can make your relationship worth the fight.
“: what happened that time with Tyler? ” ????
thanks for the follow. We love your oysters. Just serves them last week at oysterfest!
And the Oscar goes to..WHO?
RT if you can't wait till #SaySomethin comes out on iTunes.
5 points for that troll, ha ha
People who run in and out <<
i just came up. Bestbuy and amazon are following me.
i guess died in his sleep, cause not released. but he had been ill. so sad, i loved him and his music. a legend
No you guys are! “: Ditto! Cheryl is the best.”
just joined sissy games now as sissimaid
": Don't say you love me unless you really mean it, because I might do something crazy like believe it. #WS"
hey!! Happy Founder's Day!!!! Awww I sure did...it was amazing!!😘hugs
tragedy of errors. wisconsinites are not used to losing...
at least you will have an excuse for frequent bathroom breaks :-)
all night err night? ;)
#Corn = long season, productive capacity, few #ag options in certain places, weather/other variables. - Mark Muller.
It's about time Blackhawks. Welcome back to the win column
Greg Stiemsma's got hops! Rondo to Stiemroller. Pretty alley-oop.
I am looking for someone who can do audio editing and clean up using Adobe Audition or Cool Edit Pro. Send me a message.
Cass Sunstein, you would be vindicated to know that I am addicted to McDonalds Monopoly. Cognitive dissonance, excess optimism
Hahahhahaha...it's the zoom man! But i got the moment (that's what matters)
This year bullies can't make me feel bad. Make me cry. Or even make me sad. 'Cause I am STRONG, girlfriend!
Great writing weather we're having here!
There should be a class that teaches how to focus on shit because I never can.
I need a sugar momma...send your resume to
Happy birthday i love you so much
morning, ladies
Ugh wish I wasn't so stupid before
"Happy League of Women's Voters Day!"
day dreaming all day long. @
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
Getting Starbucks dose for the morning!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you smell weird
ok..well a new version is due out soon which i think will fix that :)
it is!! I had some before bed, and I was out like a light!!!
Nice pix
Wasnt trash talking Ben. Was asked about your style, & I gave my opinion. Ur the champ!..for now.
Tell me your joking...
wats good baby
Correction! 7 fire trucks.
“ how many of yal still talk to the female you lost ya virginity to?” <== 0
Did I just witness an unecessary roughness call on the Iowa quarterback??
with that much experience, I definitely believe you would have some useful tips
all the demons under the california sun, all the foolish mortals hit the street at birth and run.
8-ball corner pocket
BASE Camp is looking for a rock star DJ to help us out at our Christmas party December 10. If you know of someone let us know!
laying in the sun listening to and the sound of indy cars
I just saw a 10-year old with a Snooki hair-do. I wonder if her mother helped her with it
but the book is so terrible!!!!
Communication, trust, loyalty, respect + more are key to a successful relationship.
of course!(:
pretty sure jones dropped that, but alright. Way to go umps!
let's be honest.. i'm more like the class clown.. josh makes a good hall monitor
-driving & see a mustang- "that's a nice car." "yeah it is." "Wait.. he's the QB on our football team!" Lol typical, the QB has a nice car.
I got lost in Farm and Fleet, just let it happen. Now I am drinking at a sleezy bar in middle of n ...
Day one of attempt in changing lifestyle: fail lol
You're welcome!!
well Duh. Thats why you miss me so much and call me everyday day.
Its a power grab. You hang around liberals too much. Conservatives don't buy into this racialist nonsense
: time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Life is great(:
Admit it. You don't know what "Rolling in the Deep" means either.
Lol I got it, good lookin bro
Have a wonderful week everyone!
no the number is the same. It does that instead of a busy signal it's really weird I'm sorry! :(
Thxs for including me
come on, 10 tee at Glen Arven matches pebble any day.
hey genice showin love hope u & the kids r well :)
Wonder why so long. Phenomenal story & author.When she came to visit lib, 1st rows filled w Hungarian wk cmp & other Survivors.
Planning to go for ZNMD...has anybody seen it yet?
"A fool is a wise man in training!" - Kalamundur
One more play
Thanks a billion!! Happy Weekend Eve!!
soon... very soon...
I swear I did NOT pay her to say this. RT : Great; like your new photo - you're getting younger
The rangers win. Bring on the devs
Ha. OF COURSE I follow you. Thanks.
Knowing what 'Dzsm' means.
Chile or London because those are places that are thenhardest for austjn to go to i voted chile though to help friends out<3
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
or a brand new k1600GTL someone might have just picked up yesterday!
Now moms are pointing out my shirt to their children. YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight. I'm excited like a 12 year old girl
Made rockets in science then launched them. Mine won(:
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
haha what movie(s) are on the agenda?
I hear a little bit of thunder comin from outside...
Getting ready for my midnight jog
Have a very merry x-mas and a happy new year! *In my TLC voice*
it will be like this. Except real. Ha ha
I use Google's free translator.
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater
I have big dreams! RT ": RT : God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them. ~Author Unknown"
I'm #blunted for the next few hours. Hit me to get that #Blunt treatment
i use it as a verb. the mishka-ing of rap. when novelty replaces talent
...need to prep for those. Not doing at all well (but'll get support as needed), Sofi's death was worst in long line of bads lately, so...
All is well=)
Rep. Tim Bishop to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and Intl. Seminar on January 28. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
KMAAS* ha he's so mad! RT : starting the month right with KMASS doing two deals today!!!
DM me k? Ill see if u can help ya!
Momma bought me my DMB ticket #bestbirthdaypresent 
Is this the real Eric the Midget? Or one of the fakes? The other two I asked have confirmed that they are the real one.
Oh yeah I did! It was so fun!
I thought my biology project would take all week! I started it today...AND...It will be DONE today!
Thanks so much! We really appreciate it.
Random note: the banks here are horrible. As soon as people get paid they withdraw everything except the minimum they need to maintain.
Landed in Seattle! The mountains are a sight for sore eyes :) home to feed the cats then off to Redmond in time for
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And my ol' beard is more beardy than a sleepin' sasquatch!
YES! It's terrible. The complete opposite of what you'd expect. It's confusing, yet funny, but really bad. Make sense? lol
RT : Knicks are undefeated in this year's playoffs when Albert Pujols hits a home run!
"Change is the essence of life.Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become."
I use the Belkin mini surge protector for this - couple of standard sockets and two USB charging ports.
Totally just whipped together a crazy brochure for one of my mom's coworkers. She always had computer issues so it's a joke goodbye thing
I'm hungry but too lazy to cook this late and do not want fast food Bleh. I need to be up early so really should just sleep.
yes pls! When's the next open mike you are doing?
I need a GOOD weekend..
We at club copa bout to rock the mic!!!! Shout out to my nigga seven and Paul..
If Twitter can take down foriegn governments surely it (we) can force gas prices down! Bycott ESSO/Petro Canada for 90 days. Retweet to all!
Ladies get your hair done right!
#kredwishes #Kred great event Public Bikes and Soul Republic for headphones
Does drunk running count?
After Effects hates me with a passion.
i had a blast on 3-1-12 me and friends throw a justin bieber party and we party tell 12:00am had a blast once again Happy 18 B-day JB
woo woo woo woo woo woo
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
heck yes we do!
keep tweeting. Change the name in your own time.
Wow, Bachmann used to call Newt "The Speaker", now it's "The former Speaker of the House".
“: S|O to my new followers :)”. Thanks for FB!
I kinda figured that, had a interview last week! “: yes”
It's been one year since he died. my life doesnt even feel the same
We can capture your attention by being overly dressed, now watch what we can do half naked! Just sayin BOW!!!
wow, we have so much in common
s/out to my new followers
It's about that time..good night. Tweet you all in my dreams
Send a loving note expressing your appreciation and gratitude to people that support ,motivate and love you every single day!
I would host a forum at #WHSummit abt need for coverage of women's health care, but at this point I just want to thank HHS/
COLLEGE GAME DAY! What games will you be watching today?
This account is great. Brent should see this.
Art walk in Jacksonville IL and now seeing The Help in the awesome ol' Illinois Theater
He who laughs last, thinks the slowest!
Gluck boo!! There's a fish fry on Friday with your name on it 👍
Well you certainly did that! Looks amazing!
hey thanks for the follow, african tibes are worried about the dam being built , how it will deminish the water supply.
Its always one ugly nigga in the barber shop that got a ugly laugh
. I took an editor's prerogative on that one!
Very proud of , and his efforts to help organize young new talent to improve the city. U have my help sir
IF YOU'RE GONNA HATE ON LIKE THAT, YOU'RE FUCKING HEARTLESS AND YOU NEED A SMACK IN THE DAMN FACE. WOW.
Kate should really accept the gifts. If she doesn't want them, I'll take them.
: Yeee cuzzzy, but after, woo! Don't even get me started!
okaay if you say so
I hate mornings.
Sushi time in Miami.
Full day at the zoo. Just fell into bed. I am done for tonight. Z...
if we work hard enough we can :)
gotta wear a skirt and say how you doing like wendy williams
We both have been either one at some point to each other. Which created an great growing ground for both parties.
go check out talent is crazy
Thanks! RT Feature film by is casting The Glass Circle on 2/18: Details on VegasAuditions .com
had a dimsum B-day get-together for Kipp & my b-days - with great friends, good food & great conversation!
I think it's universal that HS websites are rubbish. Mine seems to have moved to a CMS that no one bothered to learn.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Florence and the Machine just killed it.
Rule #1: Be quiet.
rian please RT me.. i am boy belieber too.. i do not know other boy beliebers
At #latfob. Managed a panel and to wander around a bit (hi !). Time for a nap. Where's the napping pavilion.
Thanks love!!!
Don't hate Saber..;) P.S. Where the heck have you been?!
"will u hand me my charger shot?"
My brain tries to say "who cares" but my heart keeps whispering "you do"
Thanks for the RT
I think this danity kane pandora station is trying to send me a msg
Currently in development of our website. Where you can purchase TA products.
Great having u back - safe travels back to SF! RT : last day in the #miami office. back to #sanfrancisco on sunday
hahahaha cool day actually, mine was boring -.- I had to study , at least Friday and saturday was amazing ;) brb
- Hope u guys have been well & have a great tour!!
Ill knit pick all I want hoe.
#SportingKC seems to be back to old form. Like they just went thru a crash diet. Think it was Weight Watchers or Slim 4 Life?
This Dairy Queen is infested with Mosquitos.
When I just had my iPod yesterday and then lose and can't seem to find it anywhere...yeah biggest petpeeve EVER! XP
Tom Luna just asked me and wants to walk around holding hands
If interfaces shape genres, then humanists need to shape interfaces (platforms) Dan Cohen
I wanna go to the circus!
Shurmur is probably what kept Greco on the team. Rams probably would have released him, but no shame in snagging your own guy.
Let's just realign #NBA playoffs now: 1. #spurs vs. 4. #lakers; 2. #thunder vs. 3.
Awesome! Assuming you waved hello! :P
Good tip! RT : Friendly reminder: buy avocados today if you're making guacamole for the Super Bowl.
ATTN #pdxdms students: feedback session is Thurs June 2 at 5:00p at ID. Details are on Ning. Let me know if you are attending. Thx.
Reading my new Doctor Who Writer's Tale Book. I always get good Christmas presents! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
#DC is the place to be!
Spooky Deals available at www.burghbargains.com. Discount tickets to Haunted Attractions!!
Preservation of digital books? There's no one in charge!
#DarkShadows I I may be vampired out. But I can never be Johnny Depped out.
!!! RT : Why is it that whenever I poop, the toilet clogs? Ugh
trying to kill mewith these fat
BOO RT : Romney on foreign aid: "I agree with Governor Perry. Start everything at zero."
It was a slip of the tongue. His name was Paul.
love it
Ah, you are also excited for the back nine at Augusta on Sunday?
furniture. have an apartment again yay
It's not too late in the night for a nightcap, right?
Can't beat a day ready for big boi
Thank u Von!
Happy early birthday! I'm 34--and I still like Transformers too. Some things never change, and it's okay that they don't.
What show did you purchase? There are no discounts on Broadway shows because of rules from the shows themselves.
It is starting? Will the art work be freed?
Isn't it crazy that in life the person who brings out the best in you & makes you strong is actually your weakness?
is goin to jail tomorrow (and getting paid to go! - TV commercial - hah ! Gotchya!)
Who wouldn't love to be the lucky girl who's loved by two handsome brothers like Stefan and Damon? We love u Elena, but we envy u :(
Waiting for day when I try to search for something/someone on Twitter and accidentally tweet my search. And it'll be something embarrassing.
we'll see
no lol well one ant Cuz I didn't kno it was on my finger lol
Might be the best payment I've ever read.
RT if you want more followers.
Wish this elephant would get off my chest... Breathing is something I kind of enjoy.
you guys are rockin this morning!!! I love the Ron Washinton humor!!!
I believe the Canon 5d m2 is in our future. Seems to be the best option thus far. Perhaps I'll trade these in. www.heliosimaging.com
lol we shall see! I know they are capable of it!
Really cool local TShirts! Local too! www.veilarms.com Wish I could get my hands on their site and optimize it for search!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Chang for dinner with the fam & I had Panda for lunch with Mom. Fuck it.
It's a sad day when George Webb's is only open 6am - 10pm. No more bar time omelets...
Dude, people from Antiquity were mean. "The Better Angels of Our Nature," Stephen Pinker.
hey rat you arent sharpie so don't think you are getting a barbie dream car
I just saw your #SAG tweet. I didn't watch - next up for me is the Oscars (pondering a party!) and Grammy's !
Wow!!!! We scored anyway!!!!
Craziest season finale ever O.o
If I could be naked all the time I would
check your car insurance. a lot of what A offers is included with policies from Geico and others
I am in Florida....getting ready for tonight's BB! Jeff will use the Coup D' Etat!! Sayonara...Jessie & Natalie..Peace Out!!
Big shock: vs. = best match of the night. The last few minutes of MAT WRESTLING had Miami going bonkers.
Perfect start to a Friday= Yoga at Yoga Flow Shadyside and a run in Frick Park with the sis'! <3 :-)
Im at the liquor store and i just saw some old lady that comes into my work with a cart full of shit lol
working from home???
it's lube for my chicken. ;-)
hey bro, it was great seeing u the other night. U rocked it! Had a blast. I better see u in November!
True. But there's a different thrill to ice hockey for me. A lot of heart, athleticism, and hustle, multiplied by playoffs and OT
Busted. KJs flops top pair and I go all-in in position after 3 checks. One caller, he caught trip 5s on the flop. Finish 1877th of 4144. dam
topless on the beach like Kendra, but I am not the girl next door mixed between a cheerleader and a whoreeeeee. Hahaha bitch.
When will u realize ?
"Can you overdose on Zyrtec?" LOL
I think the only way to be further behind in Code Academy than me is to never have begun...
Thanks for the help!
Have a good one.
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
Thanks for the follow. Have a great weekend!
can I get a call with some updates!?
Heats bout to lose to the pacers
God redeems all things including my Jesus Jukes
<3 this! RT : One of the things about acting is it allows you to live other people's lives without having to pay the price
In honor of #nationalkissingday, the first person to tweet "KISS" to us will get a free sample of Closing Time #Hangover Supplement ;)
sounds like a great way to start the day!
We are looking forward to congratulating our new Family Medicine additions this Friday!
Sitting a few small tables away from Mark from the Real World/Challenges! Yay semi-celebrity sightings!
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, times seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else! :) <3
i think he will b in chicago, cuz dea isnt really no on really offern a better senerio for him, and playn wit d-wade i dnt think so...
Playing in the open mic tonight in the 7:50 slot. Come out to support an evening of great music.
The more I read about Windows 8 and Metro, the more I think legacy Windows apps are doomed.
I didnt mean it like that
#BadIdea Roman Polanski remaking Lolita. #WorseIdea Him also playing the lead. #WorstIdea And it's a NC-17 movie.
Nice! You should listen to more often, maybe? :)
Still looking for somewhere to #dine on #MothersDay in #Tampa? Here are some suggestions.
Wishing you all a very happy and safe 4th of July!
If Skip dishes it out, he must learn to take it.
My least fave is "please don't take this the wrong way." How abt just not saying it, OK?
RT : Support the right to arm bears.
Boy's got mad hops... RT : Still not sure how rimando saved that header from Kei...
Read this great book last week w/ 1st graders, and talked what would be like not to have access to books.
I don't like thunder...
ill drink to that! :) was home by 630.
- where you at ?
hope you're feeling better after that long mile yesterday!
Harbaugh just confirmed he NEVER reads a sports page RT Jim Harbaugh seems surprised that Randy Moss is "complicated"
My mother loves herself some Donovan McNabb. Her idea of eye candy. Lmbo.
The only reason I'm watching icarly is because of Other than that, it's a really stupid show.
sick AF.. What got u doin art on postal packages? I'm with it and support it~
Barbara Walters - my thoughts are with you. You are a true American legend. Speedy recovery to one of my most respected heroes!
Awesome! That must have been a great show. :)
thanks for jumping on the 303Xpress...DENVER 5280 :-)
Las Vegas, not L.A.
ya I am
creeping? i think so :P
Keep it going clippers
Driving to giant eagle with bigwillie
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
I'm guessing that was because of ?
I think we are all glad...
I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be a ...
Our walls were shaking last night! Wow that's a crazy sound system!
Do older white people care about children of color? -Dan Lichter
You arms will look even BETTER than Karen Cartwrights. #katherinewho?
oh man, the fans at the Big House must be soaked right now lol.
where'd you get it? Like to pick up some before I leave.
i had fun wit her outside (: but she forever mad at me -__- i aint even do shit fa real
Thanks to four square, I think I know EVERYONE'S class schedule
One thing the healing of Naaman accomplished was proving to an unbeliever that there was a prophet of God on earth. 2 Kings 5:1-14
So bored. An epic duel between two narwhals would be nice right about now
Redneck word of the day: Otter- he otter buy her a tractor for their engagement.
Hardest part is gettin off the ground, cause nobody wants to fuck with an artist with no name to themselves or experience.
Thanks for the support! I always appreciate it.
Just tapped, Sunrise Oatmeal Pale Ale (replaces Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale)
I worked almost a week straight. No days off
It's Sunday- so I will be giving 0 fucks today 👍
feel better:) wild night? yeah, dont answer we already know
All gay men and straight women produce birds together
what! is co flow going to tour, or is it just for the festival?
Authenticity is about being tru to who u are. Even when everyone else wants u to be someone else – Michael Jordan never forget
Preach on ... "If you think of paradox as the main way the universe works, rather than an anomaly, it all makes much more sense."
Hey - we hear you're up on the social media - care to join us for our launch? DM for more info. Free advertising 4 u!
Gene Clark was the heart and soul of the Byrds. Too bad David Crosby pushed to get him out of the Byrds.
r u in Freeport ? I love rum runners! Nothing like their fried grouper sandwich & piña colada in the coconut!
Hey RC/FV, if you want me to tune in again, you're so going to have to dial down the Alexis airtime and bring more Diane. K, Thanks.
Was too eager to try 4.0.4, gonna try for a while. Build 31 looks good so far, we'll see how it runs for a few days.
Of course!!
what's up bro
Is there a way to improve a video with not really bad, but should be improved sound quality??
It's Friday.
I Got A New Page Friend!! Follow Me
Back in time to make a new generation afraid of the ocean this summer! At least they aren't remaking Jaws (yet).
what r sum predictions for the eastern v western all stars 2nite.i think the west will win.east SUCK
"... all things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man. . . the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports."
to be honest, I'm just as insulted by the "Learn to Code" camp, though.
About to take this statistics final
Who's at Ohio Stadium right now?!
Bill & Tedius Excellent Adventure
thanks Jared! Hope you're doing well
Two auditions today then heading to sea of destiny fundraising party!
yes we are :)
": A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried."
might not have made it through the series that far. Makes us want to watch/rewatch again. Such a bizarre sight!
Beautiful night to happen upon Museum's "Song 1"
Midnight work out ^-^
with y and the crew
Gonna do a Q&A video on youtube. Send me some questions :)
to my new followers, to the good life!
2 more days and then i can sleep! :D lol jk i have projects -__-
dawg his lyrics always had zero relevance to anything lmao
I'm sorry but non union performers in the state of Florida are jokes.
when you love your friends so much, you do everything you can to keep loving them
I miss thinking about lost all day of everyday.
like a skyscraper, Like a skyscraper. As the smoke clear I awaken and untangle u from me..
[Today in PD] Science and technology for communication and persuasion abroad
thats was some funny stuff...im only WILL.
n should be enjoying Sunday funday with us instead of moving. Found a place that opened in 1928!
power failure
During research for a sketch, I found myself reading Situation quotes. Taking a break to wonder exactly when my life went completely wrong.
Its all good Troy Murphy's in the game
"Sorry" used to mean that you won't do it again. Today it just means "I fucked up but I might do it again."
Gonna be anywhere close to #Knoxville, TN?? Might get to go if its close enough! :)
pretty stinking cool
Which ones has he wanted he couldn't keep, I guess is a more pressing point.
You got it. Appreciate your commitment to moving Detroit forward.
if you dont "like" me stay far away from Me as possibly because i intend 2 make every second spent in my pressence Hell
Spreading to corporations too. MGM is taking soda, fried foods, pastry's, etc.., away from us!
So lazy. SO lazy!
THESE NACHOS ARE THE BOMB!!!... And that's how I got my nachos taken away in the airport..
Bus driver be trying to fake fight this girl lmao .
gotta go pick my copy up, I pre-ordered that joint!
im a understandig person, im always here to listen to your problems and i will never judge you hun.
I don't like the fact thatya'll r puttin all my business out! And monaet I can't believe u just called me an asshole
Great Article!
i just watched one of these video "thank you" to God for showing all Japanese Atheists who is boss....Truly turns my stomach
The American heath care system is more like a disease care system. A system focused more on disease rather than the person -
Feeling like a one armed paper hanger. Working ads for events @ Super Bowl. Love to catch up next week. Will shoot you a note then.
Omg! do I have a really bad case of #VINNYVIRUS ?Cause now everywhere I look I see the word GRAND(: lol, I love being a grand
Must be a beautiful gorgeous day to play #Volleyball eh... I wish I have the #Leisure to do it :(
omg I told I don't have the money my mentor does that's why I texted you and asked what time she should come so she could get it
I think I do too much for too many people and at the end of the day still feel on appreciated
I can definitely tell that spring is in the air! I just have to take a step outside.
“: Because of racism, Tigger from Winnie the Pooh will go by the more politically correct name: Tegro.” haha
I love !!! please please follow me!!! I love all of u guys! U guys r soo talented!
he is... I would say about Lyle, but its not my place..
Thx you gusta rock I'll keep in touch. Lots of great things coming from LBLD
Anyone Else Rockin with that New Show #Alcatraz...It's My Ishh
lol are you saying kobe is getting it? lol - YES! #G.O.A.T. of THIS ERA! hahaha!
Just ate some delicious home smoked brisket and home brewed beer.
awww thanks rob can't wait to see you
Get on the best bets #Soccer list for this weekend #playtowin #advantageplay wagering
they do according to my not so smart phone
ima real lakers fan not just kobe fan
Go dan!!! football??
Thanks to everyone who spoils movies without thinking they're spoiling movies. Just keep your darned mouth shut! *storms off in a huff*
Gen. Howe is asking Boston citizens to leave the city in order to save supplies for his soldiers. Washington worries they may bring smallpox
#WHITESOX vs #DODGERS.....Sleeper World Series Pick Buster!!!!
When comes into your biology class and distracts you! Then your off task for the rest of the day!>
Jamming the Eagles with my dad :)
wow, better not show up for a date in a rented Porche
Told you he was an ant!
Why do we have to have the same hours? You'll have to let me read your newsletter over drinks soon.
it all comes down to this. I miss ya, morning kiss. I won't lie, i'm feelin' it. you don't know, i'm missin' it. i'm so dumb, I must admit.
Living off coffee and crackers.
Merry Christmas everyone! And happy polar bear plunging?! Oh my, here we go again...
Now you blew it. OMG OMG did you hear that Molly secretly luvs Jon?! Nothing is secret.
He should've been on Madden actually, smh.
; TODAY WE ARE. I'm probably gonna have to force Kori though.... Lhh.
wad up then
And the "criminal-count" grows.
Golf lesson at lunch today: Assume.
Super sore and tired. All I wanna do is 💤
You had me at "cupcake"! Sounds like a great cruise and I'll be sure to look into it!
I think I've moved from Step 1, denial, to Step 2, acceptance.
Owen I don't think the scotchies are going to make it to the dells.
RT : It would cost me more in time, stress, & mistakes to do it all myself than the 15% I pay my agent.
- i'll write a letter. This injustice will not stand
bro, LR 4!! Sharpness & resolving power, amazing?! The enhanced tools for extending dynamic range of image files... Surreal
perhaps will send you a coupon or something?
The reporter also saw them. "Your presence is known and has become the subject of much speculation," he said. "Best wishes," he added.
my birthday is tomorrow (pretty perfect for me- good job mom!). remembers every year :)
Rick Mc's sked - Mon: Bike to Work; Tue: Wheelchair to work; Wed: Gurney to Work; Thurs: Coffin to Work
you lay down wit dogs you wake up wit flees
I might have to take you up on that... 😄
what's the code?
maybe one of the best matches this year. Crowd will be crazy hot.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
FILMING CBS TODAY... THE MAYOR OF CLEVELAND 216 ITS HERE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM ANY 1 NEED MY COMEDY 4 ANYTHING HIT ME
I have an idea, Get on here and ask people to help you Tweet him
I would love a job where I could legally blow things up -- that was the best part of chemistry class, no?
was going to have a productive night, then rediscovered spin class, and will be lying down for the foreseeable future.
Congrats! RT Proud 2 announce that Soldier Field is the 1st North American NFL stadium 2 attain #LEED cert by !
"Before I can become wise, I must realize that I am foolish. Before I can receive power, I must confess that I am powerless." Psalm 34:18
First all 5 Cats leave. Now I gotta say goodbye to Levon Helm? Damn.
You know I would! What did everyone else say?
Don't make me and give to ass a good ol westcoast beat down.. Then we gone blood walk on your 4head hoe!!
I told her not to go to vans with candy
RT : I'm using OneNote as a design workbook for my kids' bedroom redesign project - all my inspiration in one place!
happy birthday sweetheart :)
who else acts like your interested in the teacher's personal life just to waste time in class? ;D
Dang these bus drivers really know how to let loose
Happy last day of winter! Spring is upon us. Thankfully!
yes, that's the song- was referring to the next one with Java tonight!
no! Why would I forget you??
That #GameOfThrones was the most intense and amazing episode every and now I must wait a week till the new episode 😥😰
My next class isn't til 3... #whattodo I guess ill just be good for a change and study
Not sure why I still watch wrestling!
cute, but definitely NOT with those jean shorts. Maybe a black legging or skinny jean.
I don't know what I did to my foot but it hurts to walk. :(
we are long overdue. either way. a week from sunday??
Same. “: I don't like being told what to do.”
Start over? That's the formula for every romantic comedy ever!
I hope you are watching this mate. Biggest league game ever. Man UTD are clutch...
one word for paul pierce: phenomenal!!! even tho they didnt get the win it was a great effort!!
Twitter size optimization compulsion - The need to use most/all characters available on tweets requiring many adjustments & edits until done
Yes, but was it on beautiful stuff? B/c we hear that is a-ok!
lol that would be fun and I like a lot! But I'll be in NY a few weeks before. & I think it's the same week as AG
NEVER FORGET...
I hate seeing someone sad :/
damn throwback fa real
hey now. The big bang theory is a good show!
so far... but we want to keep expanding (hint, hint). :) contact us if you're interested...
where are you at
Great! Thanks!
he is criminal through and through! Bad to the bone!
The kid was walking in the parkinglot before first period so teachers saw an yeah lmao. What's ur number nigga
Why is is that all the dudes in the Microsoft Dynamics ads are fat middle-aged slobs?
Joker Phillips had better have a big year at UK. Bobby Petrino will be rested and ready by December. That will teach UL to hire Rick Pitino!
wearing a red sweater today...why not?..
8 year old has arrived in anchorage!!!
Good Day #Albuquerque Let's get printing, T-shirts, Banners, Posters, Business Cards, AND MUCH MORE!!!
#wikipediablackout! This should be interesting.
Dying my hair, then getting ready for tonight. (:
I love tea! Let's do it hehe :P
that was like a complete facebook status. They limit U to 140 characters for a reason lmao.
Those are NICE!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon that his education and athletics are first priority.
it certainly wasn't easy. I did have my smart phone w/ me, so I wasn't totally disconnected.
A VERDICT HAS BEEN REACHED WITH THE CASEY ANTHONY TRIAL. SHE BETTER BE GUILTY
Morning twitter bugs! 😘
I immediately thought torn ACL. Looked terrible
lil tired playing a lil madden on xbox
There’s something beautiful everyday, you just have to find it.
Happy Birthday to the lovely love you xoxo
hellz yeah my sister just ruined her hair shit was funny ass hell...
Good luck to and the rest of the Bulls as they take on the 76ers today ..
RT : haha this is hilarious The most threatening note about internet access ever left by a 7-year-old child....
After 10 years with my Crackberry I have to finally make the move to an Iphone today. Its gonna be tough! Will I regret this tweeps?
im a broke bitch . all i got is change ,
Are Leaders Born or Made?
Your name must be Karma.. cause your a BITCH.
But isn't it so much more emotionally gratifying (in a self-destructive kinda way) to hold on to a grudge for dear life? {smirk}
got that and LOVE it! I want more :)
My work has been nominated for the 5th year in a row for MSR award for best instructional DVD.If we win it will be 4 consecutive years!
Your ad rank depends on the relevance of the ad and your maximum bid. You're rank = Quality Score * Maximum PPC says
HE'S SO GOOD I CAN'T HANDLE THIS
thank god there's a good reason!
no matter what they are protesting - they have the right to do it without police brutality.
to quote tina fey + amy poehler, "bitches get stuff done." i ONLY work w/bitches, they spark my creativity <3
I'm confused by the use of double negative in that first sentence. You're not saying what you think you're saying.
So much stuff to do...May is turning out to be a busy month..
We can always send more bacon roses?! Hee Hee...
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks to the for hosting a very productive...and quick board meeting!
O.O ... TOO.MUCH.ELEMENTS!
All good and great things come to an end.....
I will not fear, my God will come through, always!
oh! cutie tootie!
So excited to see + Gracie in t-minus one week!!
told you, it's the best
I believe I did. The boulders food at the spa location has gone from healthy and great to poor tasting and unnappetizing.
This vaca frita I'm eating right now >
possibly depends on availability museum has gone way up in price. Tribute is still a decent price point
Can i please have a shout out? ill return. i really miss miss 1,120 followers:( can someone help me?(:
just, can't find a way to sleep. EVER.
and #NewEra #Cavs I could see them sneaking in the playoffs at the #7 seed!
Sandusky's charity for kids is about as ridiculous as Jeffrey Dahmer having a charity that donates frozen meats.
I love singers.
When I watch European games(especially italian) the stadiums are always rly empty
what'd we win??
The government aids consumer spending, but not your financial growth! I Google it!
A Need for Clarity: My Follows express my interest in the topic. Not agreement. Interesting does not equal agreement or endorsement.
DUKE vs Temple!!!!
So I have summer art projects. c:
lol yes I am! Are you from Omaha?
Come to Annenberg Room 3 TODAY from 12:30- 1:00 to hear about our new study away program in SOUTH AFRICA!!
I also learned, from that article, that three of the top tech entrepreneurs are colorblind. I'm in good company!
welcome to GeoCommons - we've been waiting for you!
I overheard my table talking about their bed to their friends, $16,000 wtfffff
#ThePerfectFan is ALL fans, fans are people who support their inspirations, therefore, ALL of them are perfect.<3 (:
I gotta do what's best for me
Federer one time (bloods over crips, for those watching the match) - it'll be a great start to an awesome week. Med app - almost, vegas ...
I would have like to see singing "skyscraper" I love that song and with her amazing voice #itsmagic :):)
Im already sign up for newsletter its really great
you da beast!
just rub it in why dont ya!
lol okay if I remember. But if anything I have his number my Tia Juanny is asking for u lmao
haha Sam I would do the same thing!!
Im an actress out here in LA. :-)
"Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success" - Sir James Dyson
Rough morning. Feel like the only thing I truly have down to an art is farting.
thank you so much for coming! i'm really happy you enjoyed it. :)
Thanks for the nod for #geniushour chat, but our next one will be June 6, at 8 pm CST. First Wed of the month. Thanks!
I think you got hacked. I got one of those weird "Hey somebody is saying terrible things about you..." DM's from you. Sorry. ):
Love this! It was my mother who introduced me to Dove with their chocolate eggs in my Easter basket.
Blackmon: There are lots of ideas and values that all people agree on. Shared values bring people together, even if they disagree on others
Patrick thank you for adding our post to your family law digest! Let me know if you ever have any questions!
RT : Watch me on today talk about the economics fueling
Shoutout To My New Followers - thanks for the follow. search Lime Fly Photography on Facebook.
Someone on this bus smells like bananas. But nobody near me is eating the official fruit of the primates.
I want to say, just once during a #poker game (in my best NY #Italian accent) "There's no f***in way you got the stugats to call this hand!"
Totally agree...thx 4 the gr8 video too! QT : Great to "meet" our RDI colleagues in the UK and Hong Kong!
“: Chemistry jokes are sodium funny .”
you still lookin for producers?
kanye is a great artist
- then let's hang!
Mane and I'll never get traded. I accepted their offer of peanuts and Thizz for a life contract
I assume Baron Davis' career is over. Can't really see him coming back from a completely torn ACL and MCL and partial patellar tear.
same with the bacc
VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany. Insurer VH
check the site
9PM 2NITE: w/ & spinning rare SOUL, FUNK, DISCO & R&B vinyl 45s ALL NIGHT! (5972 Baum)
Dinner with cousins at Casbah. Delicious lamb from Elysian Fields (yum!) and a great time catching up.
if i say i'm more tech savvy than the average person, that's not saying much
Is that edge of glory I hear???! :)
Another day, another subbing gig?
Does yours, lol
Sowing seeds for my harvast to come!
that was borderline assault
well done!
#IFIRULEDTHEWORLD I WOULD CHANGE THE SYSTEM BETTER HEALTH CARE N ALL.
wow dude. You know what? *arms outstretched* bring it in..
but she is a brunette of precisely the opposite type to the architect's wife, it is learned, and is a graduate of Vassar college.
Hey hey Christian! How goes??
We'll split the difference and call it the crease between middle and index knuckle.
yeah buddy
#spuarespace..if we win we will donate it to a starving student :) (shameless plea, we never win anything)
join me in following and help spread #humanrights awareness.
man i gotta see if i can get Saturday off work so i can hang out with and
what up homie, How ya feelin today?
Folded to 3k river bet on K229T Note: this tweet is a note to self
Beach House and Best Coast out today with Squarepusher. Many other cool new ones!
Is the charging you rent yet? Ha!
To clarify (I was mobile, now am home) Said at deadline we need 2 dmen and a F. Sticking by that to the end. I still think we need to add!
was so disappointed not to see much in egypt but believe in the people and will go back when things settle.
Why is it so hard to wake up early on weekdays but so hard to sleep in on weekends
Spend 11-11 smoothing away the 11s between your brows. Join us for a day of Botox/Juvederm, receive $100 rebate. Call 866-738-3256.
and Rancho alum! RT : Atta boy making fantasy owners proud!
$AAPL -- near the $1000 price target, will the government break up Apple?
Couldn't ask for a better pass...Nikki Backstrom to Chimera Tied 2....2nd int
Well, cool! I am working 2 connect Chi area nonprofs/nonprof pros. Have a Facebook group that is working. And
#iSwear Oomfs Stay Flauging Me Out . . S M H . . Was Supposed To Come Visit Me .
Fall In Line BITCH.!!!
jess pryde! (should be the only one but if not, the one in dc) look forward to it!
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*********
SUP. ITS KATIE(:
#ABQ get ready... Some super talented local kids are making a difference with an amazing concert. July 10 6pm Sandia Prep Theater 532 Osuna
Finally stacking some cash up... All quad parts paid for...
#np I want to to be you man
Lavo Brunch rocked time to rally for
i just really know how to piss people off, i guess :l
#supportlocalmusic Live with more double shots of unsigned artists. Check it out.
The AIPAD photography show at the armory is fab! Not too crowded. Julie Saul gallery has an impressive booth.
me too brother me too
dope work bro!
Got out of sleeping in the classiest place ever. A classical music concert
All of a sudden there are so many newfangled traditional media companies for sale. Fools paradise? Bargains? Forget the printing contracts.
DONE WITH THE STUDY GUIDE. Now to actually memorize it!
sitting on the couch with a snuggie sweedish fish a my fav show
Local pres of planned parenthood "thrilled" at komen reversal.
rock n roll never sleeps my dear...
Thank You Damian!
Dropping your phone in a pool<<<<
Is there anybody out there? RT It doesn't matter how many people are following you. It matters who listens to you.
Why is my room so cold right now? ;/
RT : And then there were 0. With Memphis losing, there are now no perfect brackets out of the 6.45 million submitted.
RT "why is it called 4-wheel drive, are you not using all 4 wheels before you turn it on? deep thought? "
Oh boy, talk about pressure. I'll do my best. Just tell me where and when :)
Welp, u'll have to show us around. LA is happening soon :)
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , we hope you had a great 4th!
The ruling was that clicking a like button is not protected speech because it does not involve words.
your Nuggets are over matched!!!
when i get older #namesformychildren will be girls: ariana, katie, peyton, skyler, penny page summer boys: all #BTR boy names and more
how are all these females doing these advertisment for twitter, or on twitter, how do people get payed for the advertisments they do
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - "What I Love About America"
yes! #TeamMahone all the way! #TeamSwift too! (:
It's official: #MissoniforTarget is going to cost me a few grand.
wth.  somebody help that poor kid.
heey it would make me feel as good as you do if you tweeted me/:
Cool, nice Saber and Salem and Curtis! Plus gotta love elephants.
gl today!
Happy Halloween all you kinky perverts out there!!
Heading fir the barn cash game winners
Follow my girlfriend on Instagram,
these damn flies are killing me!!!
I don't think my mom realizes how fast tickets sell out...
"Gully" Video Coming Soon Look out for it TSE
lmao not exactly.
Live life like it's worth living!!!!
Yes! Yes I do!
What is up with people saying, "That's perfect, except ___." Something can't be almost perfect.
RT : Good morning to everyone
Wasted Wednesday in full effect! Followers show this tweet to a bartender for a FREE Shot!
who is this guy you 2 speak of? he seems to be someone I should to talk to for advise.
not looking even for clean. Just something as carefully wrought as the introductory scenes.
i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate
at Buffalo wild wings w and is playn "outta control"
I'm sure but I can only go to live tennis in the summer! I may have to find a way to get there
! RT Will give interview to CNN tomorrow
getting ready for St. Paul's back-to-school sale .... 1-4 pm TODAY - 4427 Franklin Blvd
He must hate the troops.
Tearing a page from the electoral fraud playbook?
Kawhi Me Maybe?
Thanks for following back, Gerry! Looking forward to your tweets.
Not much intl attention b4 1/25. Most probs Egyptian. FB events is a unique medium -- allows invitees to know others will show
I'd participate in the bellydance lesson, but my abs of steel don't move very much. ::cough:: ;D
Yea, this is pretty sick. It's a nice idea.
If it's not fun, if it's not simple, and if it doesn't make a difference, it's not part of our business model... period.
Just posted the January issue of the Ruby for Women magazine on my page at Bloggy Moms! Stop by and take a peek ;o)
Ah you dont even know!(:
2012 is the year of the Marina on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Mark my words.
An honest man is always a child. ~Socrates
