is it sad that I cry and scream every time you rt or reply to me? Lol and go around knockin on people's doors (:
RT my room* i wanna cuddle ! its so cold in my moms room :c
thanks for the RT!
Tate will cheer on his high school football team this Friday when Scripps Ranch vs. Lincoln.
How's the snow/ice on the roads where you are? Ballard here - very little ice on roads.
Arthouse, I am still going to send in my pieces. I've got no problems with you. I didn't realize artists were so ready to turn the hurt on.
Jessie we at #bisocialnetwork know that bisexuals comes in all shades, sizes, and degrees. Great work!
always been told that i've got too much pride.
Cleaning up my twitter accounts (Getting rid of the unfollowers) is like going to the gym. I always feel better after I do it:)...
may it teach you how to feel may it remedy your heartlessness and may your cries not interrupt this swan song
“: Great win tonight, great battle from the lads! Special shout out to Mikey Harringon and " Great job guys
Answer was Crash Test Dummies we guessed pregnancy test! Hahhaa
I don't think so! Niners are taking you guys out! Let's bet some drinks on this!
Grade Athletes: NO, we don't , but their effort shows up during the game IF they practiced enough!.
Got my Brew Crew and the Zoo tix tonight!
I'll shout you out! Follow He is one of my favorite ppl to follow 😌
AP: Pres. Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US post-war role.
in an attempt to catch up with myself, i'm taking the next few days off from the real world, & hoping to get some writing done.
#Mahomies thanks for following me! I'm going to follow everyone back when I'm finished with my homework :)
$DNAD stalling today, but could see some real gains soon...
I've been around long enough to know that we're not bad enough to get Lucky, but not good enough to win 8 games.
Whoever helps me recruit the most followers! I'll buy you a Play-On bracelet..
my grades oh no my GrADES
Totally! Go ! RT : We LOVE getting to thx everyone who is part of #walkamileinhershoes. Thx for your donation!
Kill off the haters in a single shot....
Omg, a lot of celebs follow you ! (:
I don't have a long weekend my friend. The Hartford is open on President's Day. :(
We try to keep things easy around here. Thanks! “: made my life SO easy during the website project. She's the best.”
if so, I don't mind being bad.
LOBO FANS! Rock your lobo apparel, big game today & buy 1/2 dz reg cc's get 1 dz mini's FREE! (accessories don't count/while supplies last)
no regrets.
Win a woodblock print from local Brooklyn artists ! Tweet us with the hashtag #USAinNYC to enter, contest ends @ 12pm Thurs!
RT - #10thingsidrelive getting my miami dolphins caprice painted by sum tac heads.. (should of went the macco route)
Spo's fault... Drew up bad play at the end and had Battier on Melo all game instead of Lebron. Melo drops 41, heat lose by 2.
This afternoon, you will feel our WRATH. ;)
Taking creeper pics on the plane ?
“: Thank god #amc is playing Overboard on a loop.” omg, I gotta get home!
Dm bugs me cause you can't write much . Message me on fb ?
It's still great...and yes, less than a month! :D
I was just there last year. There's a great food truck scene in the DFW. Lots of foodie places
you gotta relax and all the stress and pressure will be gone in an instant
he still should have wore red though
My life has been EXTREMELY serendipitous recently!!! Today...i got the same cab driver that I had Saturday. What???
Now that he's retired, Tony LaRussa will finally have time to catch a few Z's, passed out behind his wheel at traffic lights.
It's too nice out for night class
didnt think that was possible haha but i guess now it is lol
probably performing contrasting monologues
Sending dissertation draft to committee calls for a nap
We miss you too, Greg! Good to know you make it back to campus for visits sometimes :-)
I guess I'm going to bed, if I can't sleep I'll be back to tweet 
I reread every word, and I never read things twice. Excellent post.
Heading home to rescue my beautiful daughter from her little bro.....
Escape Wednesdays Happy Hour - Touch Orlando - Orlando
Going to Angels of Assisi today to volunteer! :-)
Rapids 0 - Chicago 0 at halftime. Will catch up on Wrestlemania DVR style when I get home.
thanks for the shout out! happy new year!
Busy #sportsbiz day in Buffalo and back to Dallas in the morning.
Aww. It'll be worth it in the end :-) Thanks for letting me know you enjoyed it...have SO much more to tell!
WOO HOO! Can you please DM me the email address you used to sign up?
I meant by real 30th birthday way back in the day;)
Any news on what Game 7 will be? (There will be a game 7, darnit!)
Thank you :)
clued me in to '90s party tonight at Club Liv...these folks always know where the fun is and yes, I do hope Zack appears!
I say we rent a big Winnebago with chains and party in the back.. Who is driving?
Stayed out late to watch avengers even though I had work early this morning. No regrets here
Hoping to find the best jazz and blues Christmas music this year. Any recommendations?
Go Nuts! RT win home opener, 7-3. Highlights and reaction from the Diamond tonight at 11.
my neighbors stole my treehouse, in a really slow, complicated, maneuver... i guess i'll never finish installing the floor tile
REALLY impressed with the editable content modules. So much easier for my clients to edit custom templates!
Dang, he got Sue involved & Artie jumped/fell n the pool lol ... Go Mr. Shue!!!
Just replied. Cheers.
"If you're prosperous in soul, you'll be prosperous in whole." -- Mark Victor Hansen Count your blessings!
When are you heading to the gym? I think I'm leaving work around 6:45.
Yep been working on new songs all week!! Really cool. How was your week? xx
Copper&#39;s 100 Day Moving Average and 200 Day Moving Average Converge
My day just got uber better- God is AMAZING!!
Glad to help!
these kinds of articles are written as fact without consideration of obvious alternatives
Love it! I agree the common idioms are important. My issue is w/ test scores neg impacted by outdated idioms.
Some people think they are much more than they really are. Just thinking out loud here.....
Now I've had the time of my life... And I owe it all to YOU!
2) More integrated user experience from web to devices: user accounts, user profiling, publishers can make recommendations and target
Then he continued, "Andy Kaufman, Bill Gates, Robin Williams and Al Gore are alive today and say they have Aspergers. What's your excuse?
( ) I was unaware of In-the-Flow in systems/ops, but it makes tons of sense.
There's something about Great Danes that commands respect. That's probably why every housewife stops to ask about Draco when we walk.
*clicks on facebook like* Yep!
Studio's new home is SINGERS FORUM as of Monday! Looking forward to seeing you there!
we love you♥
sorry about that!
you must be a communist.
We did. Work night really dominated our schedule today, but we'll discuss tomorrow...
thank you Herman Caine for ruining our day.
It's a beautiful day in Chicago! How about a Segway tour to enjoy the first sunny day we've had for awhile? :-)
RT : Garcia: I couldn't even play as bad as jefferson did tonight and I was drunk all year #lsu<..lmao, true that
I actually found it yesterday at Best Buy. I was so happy.
I Saw Mean Creek And The Wackness I Don't Really Like Mean Creek Cause You Die
Love it!!
Matt Weiters hands down
So everybody just follow me, we need a little controversy cause it feels so empty without me. - Eminem on twitter.
Thinking about working up to a simple 2D card/board game desktop application in Java. May work up to 3D & applet. Interested?
LOL, Don't trip boo. I got this.
The book I'm reading has a Russian character in it so when I read his lines I hear Geno's voice. His name isn't Evgeni though its Dimitri :D
A 2nd-string egomaniac quarterback decides to announce his arrival to the NY Jets @ noon. So stupid I will have to listen
#Treasury Department: Plans public offering of AIG stock; #AIG indicated it intends to purchase up to $2 billion of the common stock sold.
125,000 contestants and somehow scotty is still in there?
looking for some good music to listen to. any suggestions?
i love how everytime i get on twitter, there's some kind of 1d-related thing trending. xD
just used "penultimate" in their holiday ad... I guess it's no longer a special word for Con Law students
im sick of everyone using GAY to mean dumb or stupid, please replace it with a better word like Cray
And the Clippers win meaning the Spurs should be in the Western Conference Finals!!!!
why ? whats the weather like over there ?
Cool! I'm excited to be here, it seems like a great place so far!
& then bam. everything starts all over again. & it only took one conversation.
sounds great. Please contact We will let him know also
I need to work on that
today's tasks:Megan's show card, adding work to my behanceAIGA portfolio, finalizing best ideas for Civil Rights Pilgrimage fundraising book
"Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age."
Whodo you think will win the Mayor's race? Will there realy be a runoff?
Are the Indians really trying anymore? Really? What a dumpster fire that franchise is becoming...
Only goes to premieres for the FREE DINNERS. Possibly a hobo in a former life.
S/O to for getting a twitter just to creep on her daughter
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
nails of steel
"never do wrong to a person who does you right" even though u perverted minded people are like "haha does you right ^.^" its the #truth lmao
WE ARE! RT : Who's pumped for tomorrow's game?!
“: I blame Jordan Staal” Or my wife. We were up 3-0 when she came home.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Do people really click your link?
It's in Seattle :D
Yay song of the year Adele 'Rolling in the Deep'..woohoo!!
Goodnight everyone!~~~It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.~~~Margaret Bonnano
If you see this RT please I love you more than my boyfriend :P
On Avail for a Domino's national commercial!
#crowdfunding vote is about to take place! Watch CSPAN#2 for the Vote!
We've been together many years and our love, passion, intimacy and connection has only gotten deeper
Thank you!RT
Saw this clown on Top 10 Packers; what a -ing moron. Clearly he's confusing the size of his checks with his level of knowledge
Jubilee poster commission a thrill for Davis - Montgomery Advertiser
damn it better get a life ! _l_
#WhenIWasLittle I loved getting the toy inside of my #HappyMeal at McD's. What is ur fav childhood memory of ??
Hmm... some of my mentions aren't working. Weird. Testing testing
gotta love it when that happens. Happened to find about 15 in my purse way down in the bottom today!
Ready for season 4 to start!
when it comes to chile I'm gonna say red for enchiladas, green for burgers and either with a warm tortilla.
Visual effect supervisor began his talent & magic last night working diligently to make deadlines. Lookn fwd to his work
Ugh do I really have to listen to Joe Buck? Damn it...
Without a generous caloric intake, weight training alone will over time make you lean, not large or bulky
Today's the final day to enter our inspired photo contest. Win driving credit & more! Deets on FB: on.fb.me/PortlandiaZipt…
Really Firefox? You crashed even when I was physically away from my computer. This is getting old. Must convince IT to let me upgrade.
yep. She's just way too cut for a chick.
RT : Most of my ministry mistakes came from not listening to God for wisdom, not doing it his way,or not waiting for his timing.
loving the charro hat!
RT Sam dalembert played a hell of a game tonight...
Got a haircut And I feel great I won't miss my hair a little bit long :)) Short hair. I love it At my grandma's house C:
Hm! It smells really good in here. I just watched Glee and I love Blaine's cover of 'Somebody that I used to know' <3
Good morning #ISTE11. You're looking sharp today.
Ready to Vote on Tuesday!
Wendy's
Speaking of malt, has either of you had Horlicks?
it would be a 1 for me. Need to reestablish small market model. Powerful farm system, lower payroll. Right now, the opposite
I cant wait for dphie to invade long beach Saturday!
I hate that guilty feeling that you get when you just end a friendship and you feel like you should just try to make up
thanks for the heads up! Aren't the shrimp and grits awesome?!
Just finished the negotiation for a commercial lease for a great company. Exciting for them!
lol yeah I had to let Bart take a break for a while so people can meet da man behind sa scene lol
great to meet you at Rethink, thanks for the direction on the © issue
What's the difference between a commercial rapper and a pile of shit? "The pile of shit does not peddle drug-induced lyrics to the people!"
I have a playlist with my favorites on my Spotify profile called THE QUEEN BEE.
Thank you so much! :) RT I love ur music. Ur super talented :)
im the worlds worst speller
Watching #TopChefAllstars repeats!! Seriously, you need your own show!! {{HUGS}}
I WANT A RELATIONSHIP LIKE ALLIE AND NOAH...........
lol truth is!!!
thanks! been contemplating some things, per normal. mostly about the acquistion of money, lol. but you could have guessed that
I was there earlier!! Must have.
thanks for the shoutout!
Next year, I'll have a REAL Biology teacher.
#Pacers have been making me proud lately..
...no matter how fast I ran, I could not outrun the zombies. About killed myself sprinting.
^_^)/ yay! It's still awesome knowing that you're going over there...in style, no less! You know I'm always rooting for ya! ;)
Just heard about a startup that will improve a person or institutions' online impression. Could it be for real?
RT With 25 longtime employees retiring, we're losing 702 yrs of experience at the Arizona Republic, according to our publisher. Wow.
pretty sure i'm the world's worst panel picker
Watchin #NFLDraft; must say this native Texan looking forward to seeing RG3 play here
I really want to visit Chicago soon. I miss it.
Yeah, let me just take out the bundles of extra cash I have lying around, that I'm not using to pay for college, and skydive!
Elbow always in Ray for 3
thanks Nate. I guess is a keeper
learn the process, understand the process, refine the process. This is from MFG.
what u getting into tonight? Raging or playing dad?
At hacks & hackers #meetup about to listen to
Allergy medication does not work!!!!.
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J my username: HaiLyHiLLLL
has a fetish for old saggy skin dudes who wear no shirts & walk around . she liks picking them up & taking them back 2 her place
Great view and awesome food at the Ritz Carlton on Fort Lauderdale Beach :-) life is good!
Evansville Indiana!
Who else out there is attending Ladies Evening Out this Thursday at the Ritz Charles in Carmel?
haha nah. Stones
And back to the code... This PSD -> #ThesisWP conversion I'm coding is going to be the most awesome thing since Thesis 1.6
(AP) -- Lawyer: Afghanistan shooting suspect has sketchy memory of night of massacre
Great soccer match, Man City dominated for the W
About me ?
On Thursday I'm doing a Birkman consult in Cost Rica and Friday one in Germany...all from the comforts of my office in Baton Rouge!
RT : Earth wasnt built n a day.... #dedicated to a bigger purpose
that milan goal will make for a much better GAME cant wait till halftime i need me another BLUNT
now how did you find your way there? You are in my neck of the woods...relax and sit a spell!
Lol I swear everybody was born in may
Time for COFFEE! (and maybe a cookie)
Bruce Springsteen's Jungleland is amazing. I love the piano. Must get off Twitter to focus.
Pet "pee"-ve: people talking on their cell phone while using a public restroom
I'd be interested to see your running playlists with Nike+ This week I've been having a lot of Ladytron in my running mix!
lol after you dumped me at wrestling i was mad at u.
Everyday feels like Friday this week!
good morning :) hope U have a great friday :)! it's 1:30am here & i must sleep ~so tweet U later :)
Lol I'm working on it! My next game is Tuesday
The #supermoon is out. It's pretty.
You're a rock star. Covering Caps 3OT followed by Curly Ws.
#cherry #pie for
my guess is all those agent comments were in regards to Hunter being coach. Still think Semin takes a big KHL paycheck
RT : Hey grads! Decorating your graduation cap for the big day? Share a pic with us using
haha well thank you! ;) I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS! Haha
twins! where in hawaii are you going? im going to be visiting my cousin in kaneohe,hawaii.
Collab coming soon with Kool Ken, Production on the up and coming cd by Jayce Miguel.
school is good! Got finals next week then summer. :) yay! How about you??
Congrats! It must feel awesome.
Too kind, both of you. Too fragrant, one of you (Hint: Not Dayna).
I hate and all of its followers. 'nuff said.
Who goin to the Drake show tonight?
RT if your in chicago
You DO sound like that! And yes, let's do Wednesday.
“Time makes more converts than reason” Thomas Paine
Wet cheek kisses from somebody you wouldn't kiss in the mouth <
It's all be fun and games until someone gets their eye burned out … RT : wanted: laser pointer tag setup for office
RT : "Lickety-split", when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
#masterchefau - love this . . . . . very impressed!
oh. Ouch.
Keep it movin'! ;)
the less you give a damn, the happier you will be.
I want a flex...and i could do 1 or 2 QBs. could be interesting...
Same here!
Gotta stay busy today; can't help feeling depressed by all my friends traveling around the world. :(
you post some deep shit. I like it. haha
Give me my Liz and Ewen! #GH FORGET LUCKY!!! I don't want Lucky back! I want Liz FREE!
yeah, just saw that Walker has more votes reported so far than all the dems put together. did not expect that
they could work into VIP tags for games and "Golden Tickets"
the best illustrator I know!
you never forget your first love.
Mark is an excellent instructor. Fabulous
I hope my bestfriend feels better. I love you ❤
Quick question...what does the 1:10 (25, etc.) variant mean? 1 in every 10 (25) comics issued is a variant?
On Deviant art looking at someboy's awesome Dawn of War and SC fan art... Then their space marines had dog heads. #Furry caught me off guard
Yo Moss<are you looking for tracks now?
Made $44 at my garage sale today, which means I've got one cab ride covered in New York.
I hope and has a GREAT time at prom tonight <3
I actually haven't read Lola and the Boy Next Door yet. I'm so behind.
Thanks so much for sharing links to my ASTD blog post!
US manufacturing powers up in April
Kind of you, buddy! Have we gotten you a tour of this place yet?
Does anyone know how to get and account unsuspended because my other account was suspended and i don't know why. Please help :)
I don't understand why people are bitching about TITANIC II, great idea long over due. I'll be in line on its first voyage.
Per Contra => On the other side
Stop by & see our booth today at the Bravo Events Trade Show at the Convention Center & have a sample of wine or beer, show starts at 11am!
Say goodnight our first goodbye, I've only got forever & forever is fine<3
There are too many people that put their lives into music for niggas doing it to look cool to oversaturate the industry & fuck it up for us.
That sounds about right. #trimet lines 15 and 20 are notorious for simply vanishing. Seriously unreliable.
Interesting, but it also could be a challenge/annoyance for users to participate w/ to download or not to download?
Apple has been in the retail store business since 2001.
Stevie Wonder may be heading to Dancing with the Stars... Hmm, interesting..
How are you celebrating International Women's Day???
This is the last Spring Game (hopefully for the rest of a long life) where I don't live in Columbus. Ready to come home & never leave again.
And I can't be arsed to carry on in this debate that reoccurs, oh when you say I don't care but of course I do, I clearly I do
Not like any of it matters tonight because I seem to be staying home.
Ouch! and it's a foot up here in Monument...Christopher :-)
text me.
#EDUCAUSEPolicy staff in attendance at #iappsummit looking forward to meeting our higher education colleagues at lunch
Sometimes I take a look @ my life and think... Wow. I am really lame. Content. But lame :p LOL
Here's the math If you bet to win $25 you are now up $1400 and $50 now up $2800 and $100 now up $5600. Join Us. KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM.
I think it's about time I invest in a crockpot.
I'll tweet hit you'll hate me in the morning :)
Congrats! So proud of the entire team and staff?
in public or while playing bball?
Overheard at OD consultant meetup yesterday: "we realized teaching change management is a lot easier than doing it" so true
Do we take a 9 hour bus, a short ferry trip and a 12 hour train ride to Jakarta or skip Java altogether? I need a cruise director!
Don't own a fur coat, but I am covered in cat hair.
Good morning! :)
Ah boo
It's the best time of year!
I know I'm mean n rude but I don't care
i didn't get your message :S
Goodnight everyone!!
Wearin' the vest I made, yaaaay.
The random calls i get from my sis ! Lmao yay ! Summer is almost here #Vegas !!
what a great New Years!!!
Tell ur friends to follow me
I find it interesting how people make up news to fit the technical picture and convince themselves they are correct
This is true. That's why every indie band that comes out sounds like Beach Boys if they broke the reverb knob when it was on 10.
your hair is awesome
sounds like a plan kid
One more week
the patience is nice; sticks out like a sore thumb with the Cubbage
congrats man you killed it!
": While I appreciate the shoutout i'm actually at the department of the interior" MY MISTAKE!
jeff - have you seen the movie 'Haute Tension'?so good. also, if you havent seen Hatchet or Hatchet 2 yet... do it! call me soetime
um um um...Bentley (my 6 week old teacup pomeranian) kept waking me cryn last night now im getting ready for work n now he wants 2 sleep smh
Effective project management is both an art and a science.
love you Justin (: <3 forever.. no matter what ill be here for you
You're very welcome!
Buying Jaws soundtrack. Why have I not done this yet? One of my all-time favorite movies.
what if i bring a bucket of margarita?
RT The Abercrombie & Fitch perfume has already been traded 3 times in the dirty Santa game. Bitches.
I always laugh when I see the thugged out white guy w/ braids in his hair, dating a jet black over weight sista!
you're welcome beautiful!(:
Remarkable how few calls Rose gets at the rim. Get over it.
We're working on so much right now! Really excited to put you guys on when everything is ready!
Very cool. Thanks for your feedback.
A.C. casinos take winnings from self-banned gamblers ATLANTIC CITY - If, as rocker Tom Petty puts it, even the losers get lucky sometimes
SENIORS! Fund your apartment move with a GUASFCU bridge loan. Visit our website for more information. Currently offering a .50% discount!
The #ipad seems to be
is a little weirdo. Enjoy the cookie cake ya freak!
Today, fantastic 2nd meeting of TEAM (#Thrive, #Excellence, #Achieves, #Magnificence!) Networking - watch out #BNI! Love giving value away!!
#increase #bonus #lastcarpayment #2daysoff this week couldn't get any better ;)
Today is Bring Your Child To Work Day! Does your work participate?
lmfao omg tell her that!
you make me proud.
I will always love you :)
How does 48 seconds go by so slowly in skl. Yet 48 hrs flys by on the weekend?!?
Hello to the UK! Jana, it's very nice to meet you too! We're always happy to have friends overseas.
'Elizabeth' is sold! Don't miss out on YOUR favorite necklace set...I only design ONE of each! www.etsy.com/shop/vavaoombynikkidanby
hahahaha how can u put up with em
Are u playing ferris buller today?
I be up in the gym justa workin on my fitness
Just finished explaining some views on IA and usability and their role during the creation of online materials.
Celtics are Gunna tap that ass Tonight! Go Boston!
#PARADISE comes out 7 days before my birthday. Its gonna be great super excited!!!
are u winning trivia ,
SUPER SAD!!!!
yeah definitely don't want to feel worse. Was hoping it would somehow make me feel better but that sounds unlikely
World. Need. To know. About. This. This thing. We. Do know about. My so we can .we Willi do good for
Soo .. who wants to text ?
no problem hun thats true we should all just respect his privacy
Just A Dream by Carrie Underwood <3 such a sad song.
If u got a girl legs pinned back & u can c her asshole that mean she wipe too hard after shitting
Thanks for the RT a couple weeks back. (Sorry, didn't check my RTs lately.)
I'm almost Back to life..what am I gonna with it
I'm hungry! Let's eat!
did u get one of those last night?
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Halftime takes too long
no no no, keep your feet outta my shoes
Life could only be comprehended backwards; but it has got to be lived forwards.
Why is so buggy? Im tired of getting can't load media notifications, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times. Boo.
You should try on #linux. We're still on 2.2 beta and that locks up daily.
WRITE MORE I REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS STORY :D
Great tech gift from my mom: gloves with conductive tips that work with touchscreens.
Rocking the Streetz,Club's &,Promotion What More can we say but Iam Blessed.........SVM #1 your New Promotion Mgr We winning
Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
Fall Break (:
i was to bro. Listen to " clear the stage by jimmy needham " right now bro lol. Crazy!
"I think the key is for women not to set any limits."-Martina Navratilova
I thought it was bcuz it was mentioned in full house
No. Excuses.
I'm tired of being your unofficial girl -_-.
Returning to DC. Navigating Beijing airport is a voyage in itself.
Just posted Searching For Substance and Leave Me For Dead in the BandProfile tab! Check it out!!!
Oh god it's terrible.
Drunk me threw so many new sick tunes on my phone last night...
Still proud.. what they accomplished was unreal for how young they are. The NCAA hides behind education to make millions
They misunderestimated me - George W. Bush
everyone go follow she sexy ass hell go follow her ;)
haha. Thank you
i agree!
RT from #MULawPoll: What issue is most important to Democratic primary voters? Jobs (46%). Defeating Walker is 2nd (25%).
Fee my boy
Join winemaker Art Podniesinski, of "The Intern" and "The Art Of" wines at Thief Wine (400 N Water St) tonight from 5:30-7 for a...
“: thanks for the follow” you got it!
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
I have found the link in Google, but there doesn't seem to be any link to it on the site anymore.
Are you satisfied with your new size? I can't understand most of your tweets, but I think I understand this one!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if someone's using a Bluetooth or if they're just talking to themselves.
Only a fool would believe that people votes actually count, for anything
So when is paradise coming out?
Sitting w Lou Reed in metal machine trio installation UAM csulb
Today, don't settle for anything less than God's best!!
It is what it is.
One hour till I leave for prom ! Can't wait to wear my dress (:
a show that I feel like I help contribute to at least semi-occasionally. I hope each and every one have a merry Christmas
when, if ever, will there be a Serenity 2?
Congrats #SaraBradyPR! We're excited to see you accept your #FPRA PR Professional of the Year award tonight at Orlando Science Center!
Thanks for the RT!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
I'm back, just in time for Ray Kurzweil! Love this guy
saw at 's #Bobby'sBurgerPalace on 21st and K today! Should've gotten another order of sweet potato fries to go! :)
So am I! My tummy's been growling since like 3rd period!
Thanks for coming, isn't it amazing how many great authors Ohio has?
Happy new year to all of you see you in 2012
thanks man! appreciate the compliment.
You know your out of shape when your 7 year old cousins get a better time than you running a mile..
Multiple outs will increase profits in the vicinity of 3% over a sports bettors longevity.
Congratulations on the new job!
Hey - we won a gold addy in the district 2 region for jazz! congrats!
heard u r in Nash. we would b honored 2 serve u up some good country cookin!Come 2 3rd and Deaderick Tues & we will take care of u
Manny just dominating! One of the best boxers of all time!
RT Cabin in the Woods breathes new life into a dead genre just to kill it again & again with glee. A MUST-SEE this weekend.
I have the Gremlins theme stuck in my head.
Hahaaha hey bros my names is- wait. Lol :P
posting more blogs; ex wont leave me alone
we have another on demand tomarrow
Back at my old stomping grounds this afternoon...good ol CGHS
I'm spreading happiness for the good of humankind!! I want to achieve my dreams but I need help from my friends! I've seen u live!<3
Free shuttle to the Marquette/Georgetown game. Come for lunch and take a ride
raw garlic. as much as you can. dice it up and swallow like advil. works wonders. feel better :)
Saturday haircut! Stoked. Haven't got it cut since October.
University marked the website I maintain for students a phishing scam. Funny thing? www+url = no phishing. No www = phishing. Argh!
When, where? Can you txt me?
Sunday's are looking TOPTIONAL here at Mandalay bay. What a great day!
I'm only storing your number in my phone so I can never answer if you call me.
:( That sucks a day off and your sick .. YUCK
Great news, congratulations, Ryan!
Awesome 3 day run this weekend. Thanks to everyone who came out! Tonight we head into the studio to work on mixes for our upcoming EP!
I have no idea if Soros sponsors OWS. But I knew if I mentioned his name...
I could totally go for some 4Rivers Burnt Ends right about now, with 2 delicious sides...but alas I'll settle for Aunt I's Jamaican today
Studio for a bit this morning with a meeting, then off site.
Moving like a bowel movement?
"be patient toward all that is unresolved in your heart and try to love the questions" - my cousin dawn.
yes I guess so.
The purpose of life, is to live :)
Signing off.
The Burglar's Bible, Page 2: Find an unlocked car. Steal it. Use the "Home" option on the onboard GPS. Use the garage door opener to get in.
I didn't leave u idk why u say that once a month maybe u left me.. Idk what I did but okay
If i got paid for every minute i spend on twitter, i'd be richer than Bill Gates.
Chocolate cakey friday!
Jump into the fog with me.
- I still have a box full, but I have no reason for keeping this tape. Other than it's a snapshot of a kid who doesn't exist. :)
Stand still and consider the wondrous works of God. - Job 37:14
Draw me Zach Porter.
Good morning, early start lets get done !!! :)
ha yah mines 2 from tomorrow. Sounds like a #party is necessary
Nope I have not heard anything.
Omg. My birthday needs to get here faster
I would've been too!
haha, yes, the show. I refuse to see the movie, even if I really wind up liking the show.
It's Shaken On Villard...! Lmaoo "He's A Bum, Nd U A Square For F****** With Him".
Dear students: the word colloquial will get you red-flagged for plagiarism every time. And so far those flags are right.
- Don't you work at the Post? And no, Fred Hiatt wouldn't.
Guess I can unpack my suitcase now... Finally. Lol
Can anyone confirm the courtroom for the GBS oral argument on Thursday? Is it courtroom 11A at SDNY again?
Thanks for the tip! We called today and they actually have spots available, which is awesome.
me too :( stupid rheumatoid arthritis
Thnx 4 following. WE love your concept. WE believe thru #SocialMedia like AgooBiz u can collaborate & compete simultaneously!
Follow Friday! my ROOMIE and soon to be GROOMIE
#customerengeagement The most profitable customers have strong emotional connections w/ a brand. It's not just relevance/utility.
what is with this weather??? can it please be warm now!!!!
hey, great 2011 year and will be great in 2012. Think 9-7 to 11-5 and probable playoffs
& i'm like "i don't WANT your protection on my card"
All this time , and thats it..
Some saucy non-conformist insinuates that I'm "unprincipled" on blog. *Scoffs* The very idea... Don't be jealous, bro ;-)
Saw your profile online and realized that you went to the Universite de Pau. We had an exchange student in high school from Pau.
Ludacris was at Market Street Sound today for MTV2's Sprite Step Off series. Go to the show tonight with the Black Eyed Peas Arena.
this spring break blows so far
what about The Mount Union game?
That sounds like a great idea!
Everyday u should P.U.S.H. P-Pray U-Until -S-Something H-Happens Im #Livin4God u should 2!!
#10WaysToDie hate on my music, and then tell me you like EVERY genre of music. Psshh!
We had an issue 9/27 with our photo upload. This issue has been resolved. If you attempted to upload your photo then please try again now.
TUESDAY POLITICS: Obama and same-sex marriage w/ Kevin Naff & Kimberly Moffitt "The Obama Effect" noon
Human population to reach 7 billion on Monday.
nice dress
ooh I've always wanted to try that place
Booty Meat Down!!!!! Lol
I said it before and I'll say it again: sluts just heal quicker.
what is the workout you were talking about for Thursday?
Thanks. May wait to read til I write my own. Enjoy your weekend!
Love is so holy, so confusing. It makes a man anxious, tormented. Love, how can I define it?
Check...and...check!
15 Million Babies Born Too Soon - MarketWatch (press release)
Yea I feel u on dat too RT im Tryna see who all gon b n town that weekend first
Ha ha, or add to it!
thaxx for the follow back wit yo #fine asszzz
Fair enough. We try and reach out to anyone in the area when a similar instance occurs. We consider it our due diligence.
Indeed Mee Lady Debs ....
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Perform all tasks with love and you will experience success
Triple Crown Volleyball wishes you the best of luck. WIN! RT : Playing sand volleyball tonight!
Yes, it has been long! Lets not let that happen again k. I miss your tweets. :)
Hahahaha new half same flopping
one day your gonna realize I was everything you ever needed . and by then I'm gonna be with something who realized that along time ago
The library will be closing in 30 minutes! If you need more time to work, the computer labs in the main building will be open later.
do you call scenes "slices of life"? just curious because I love this tweet. :-)
just ran in the rain! :D
Love the idea of a "twitter firehose" - good mental picture.
okay told me to send a tweet with his name . Lol
love u jwoww you rock;)
It's almost Wednesday Night Trivia time again!! Bonus word this week is: Firestone
Print mags must be preserved. Readers renew at higher rates for print plus digital issues: Perry Solomon, Time Inc.
Eyelash Applications are very popular call us for an appt. 901-794-0553
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it! -
Just got back from watching The Avengers and Jollibee!!! :D bomb ass day!
MiFi doesn't work. Tech support investigating for weeks. No help on phone or in store. Want out of contract. Can you help?
At the Comet. Come drink with me.
#nowwarming #awakening Love it in the kitchen, such a bright and crisp scent!
I hate the Lakers :)
I'm thinkn about gettin anotha nipple. Like a third one lmao no really rotffl
percussion is probably the easiest, so i'll stick with it
Follow !!! Why??? He is awesome, he is SWAGG, he will keep you entertained, he is great to talk to, he will be a good friend
No, IMO, giving voters two clear alternatives to Mr. Smith makes it more likely that we force a runoff and
aw thhannnkss u are so nice i los t 2 followers ah idc i ll hav more soon but thanks for the heart
nice job out there!
'This Song Saved My Life' by Simple Plan >
Enjoy Dan, see you on Monday.
Spending Saturday learning some Python basics at #PyStar. Must twist this humanities brain into a programming frame of mind...
Running on one hour of sleep and the day couldn't be going by any slower.
A man came into my house last night and threatened to commit suicide. Well, it turns out he had a split-personality, so it was considered...
I'm not sure, but it also looks like is grabbing some camera time at
RT “: #blessing come mysterious way's”
Making school schedules is incredibly depressing... anything involving the admin at my school is depressing!
Today I'm wearing one that says "Detroit Football". Get it? It's an oxymoron.
That was the hardest relationship ever. It wrecked me emotionally and still continues after the ass is long gone.
Pretty stoked to run sound for and tons of other bands at the 9th st block party tomorrow! C'mon out!
Haylin's wedding. :)
All three GOP mayoral candidates? How soon we forget.
presentation .. RT : HathiTrust renders meaningless the size of library's print collection. So true.
As a child in TX, we were asked to bring eggshells to school to use for cascarones. Hadn't heard of them here though.
The market manipulators have so far pulled the DOW back up to "just above water". Can they hold it together until 4pm EDT?
really? I kinda like the new app
Lax game against my gurl today!
Technology alone is not a solution to education
My cab driver is muttering to himself about the radio like he's a crazy person. I take cabs to avoid crazy muttering people.
“: I'm breaking down. I have a country station on.” At a girl, Country music and NASCAR go hand and hand. Proud of you!!
She sound like Badu
Tyranny is un-American.
As a Mass Comm major, I really appreciated your post. I think my degree is so versatile, and gives me multiple career options!
Tune in tonight at 6 for the HS Coaches Show on KUIK with KUIK's own Taylor Danforth! 6pm...don't miss it!
AMERICAN AMARANTH~perseverance of the American Spirit in the face of danger and sorrow. It shows how love truly conquers all in the end!
So without Peyton, will the #Colts cheer "Suck for Luck" now be "Suck with Luck" for the next 2-3 years?
north memphis blood bond nigga
Shiiiiiit I want ALL dem TEE'S!!!!
I'm definitely not (belatedly) nerding out about Prometheus promotional content on the Internet on a Saturday night. Nosir.
yet I'm accused of ignoring her
Am working on a Lee Morgan piece. Any random pre-publication input is welcome.
Castiel, Bobby, and the Impala are coming back... Best rumor I've ever heard
Grab those fumbles Pats!!!
step one: rest Kei and start Teal
Thanks for your work against Waxman-Markley.
Thank you! It's a very exciting time for and me, new jobs and getting married in Dec.
Head down pussy, pussy poppin. Pussy poppin' on a handstand.
DCers: Coming back on Friday. Happy Hour at Old Ebb!
hope you are getting excited for February 19th! : )
Its funny wat niggas a do for five dollas
MT : Golan v. Holder is more evidence that SCOTUS won't save you from bad copyright legislation. It must be stopped in Congress.
just tell the truth. You are in it for the wealthy. Never believe a rich republican.
Ahh. Forever! And idk.. Haven't talked to them or seen them.. 😔
Great meeting you at BPRS event last week. Great conversation. Inspiring presentation. Thanks.
In honor of our honeymoon plans -
RT : is my homegirl! But you are still a political nerd
LOL! Good luck!
im getting better and thats good watcha been up 2
Cant wait for california on saturday with the stugo fam !
thanks for the retweet!
Homework done, ready for bed but I'm sitting up and watching TV
State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Children
just finished watching after.life. beyond intense.
I am looking for help in networking to gain employment as a Maintenance Technician in the Aviation/Aerospace Industry in the Greater Richmo…
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter:
sometimes away from all the hate in this world
Sass or no sass today?
:( I hope the dog have more compassion than the owners and donate to noble causes!
UP EARLY ON DEM CASH ROUTES
I didn't smell when I smoked, guess it depends where you do it and if there is air circulation.
#incaseyoudidntknow i love you
In looking for 'prep music' for my play on Thursday...I indulged myself in some 90s classics!
yup no prob
Working on our Halloween special menu.
when im low, she takes me high.
Can't wait to celebrate my antlers off on #NYE !
Some days are two sizes too small
You're getting married?? Congratulations hun! That is so exciting! Er, I guess that ends any hopes of us getting together. ;P
“: say something nice or I will haunt you forever” uh that was.. Do you have any other offers??
challenge your mind & design-create without a mistake on the first try ;) let me know how it turns out !
My mom says its her house, but when its time to clean it magically becomes mine too.
I think I'm going to throw up.
Watching & on MTV Hits right now...so good :-)
For a procrastinator, I sure do get a lot done! Only two more pesky assignments to go! Just in time for the weekend...
Let's get the day started with a little
if you don't see it, it can't be true
thats cuz its all they play up there in Brooksville! :)
Anybody need professional bios done?? Get at me I gotta dope writer
u said wow hannah lmao and im saying what?
Just looking at that freaks me out, I can't imagine actually sitting there!
RT : Help us get #Motown1962 trending for today! The opening night of 'Now That I Can Dance!' 8pm Film Theatre!
yeah they have too...
what about year-end bonuses? They are common and are merit-based, yet DoL wouldn't capture them as "incentive paid workers"
It's not just DHers who are coming, but also the DH-curious. And the skeptical. Will be tremendous fun.
I don't know. Also a bit ill-advised
Follow me I want to get to 150 by like Monday<3 I follow back !
If Quinn had ever watched Grey's Anatomy she would've known not to pull those scissors out of his neck.
with at getting incredible help from #volunteers working together to assist in
God Morning Twitter :)
not negative...realistic. My opinion is that w/ 3 season-ending injuries already, it"s best for the #Brewers brass to look to 2013
Justin is so amazingly HOT!!!
The jackhammering outside my office window could not be more poorly timed.
they are ticketing in Dudley - actively
Existential crisis over aborted, back on that LA in my head, why isn't more TV shot in NYC?
Really? There are no shy people out there who are willing to be interviewed for an article? What are you, SHY! What a lame excuse.
Welcome Bonnie :)
mascara contain bat poop as an
RT : I buttoned my top button today, signifying the death of the trend. / Did you cover up that button with a tie knot?
bo, oh well. we need to get together sometime. when are you up for another adventure?
Nature loves to hide. --Heraclitus [number 2 in an occasional series of fragments of Heraclitus that are short enough to fit in a tweet]
We Need Experienced Teachers - Huffington Post (blog)
Pretty okay :) I'm just watched performance on She has beautiful voice. She tweeted me today.
I actually am getting kinda excited about my schedule for next term, not starting class until 10:30 on M,W,F and 9:40 on T,Thur
What happened to all the pictures in the project Gutenberg archives?
It don't wuk so
content + community = context -> commerce
I'm finatext u off marco phone cuz I think the fb tweakin
#NDSA Fran Berman asks does your dry cleaner know what digital preservation is?
Why do you assume it was pee?
I'd rather leave than to cheat
says it's unavailable...
See, if your Grandma wasn't there, I'd come.
Completely! I really feel for Wendy!!
Rule 4 - network with intent, focus on quality over quantity. Cardinal Rule from ,
OH: "rails 4 is going to have unicorns"
Do you have a question about recording that you'd like to ask the Bad Sue Staff? A question about our artists or our studio?
i dont hate people i just get irritated by alot of people
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work ~ Thomas Edison |
Think You Know Scott Brown? Tomorrow, we'll find out about the real
Rotting away in Cooper....
jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb
RT Never forget – if it’s not enjoyable or fun, you’ll give up on exercise too soon. Whatever you do, make sure that it is fun!
have a safe drive :)
it's never too late, mansmin
Hey Everybody don't forget to see Red Tails this weekend. It's a great film. Support black actors!
Like Mckie my amigos say Rodman best ever.
Yay! Glee is doing Grease! Double bonus!
at 6 am!! wednesday! no one can campout or the police will escort you out. ive been spazzing all day haha. but yes that it!
I'm sorry! this is a mistake, this tweet was not for u. lol
With all the fresh, locally grown products at the Hillcrest Farmers Market, you can never go wrong! It's open until 2PM...
i haven't read about Mormonism but i feel inside that Romney is not who we want for POTUS. 2out of touch with real Americans
same here! Can't get into that bs.
wish I was there looks like fun. Tell all the crew I said hello if you see them
looks like my alarm. Lol
:) ow Good thing. But is there something wrong?! U okay?
Alright time to party!
Ha! I was just talking to the bartender (Jason) at The Cherry Bomb about this very subject this afternoon... (hic!)
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
RT : Everybody at the Give Him Glory concert!! RT : Whose excited about #SoItBegins?
I just spent 400 dollars at #sephora who knew!!!??
Andy Reid, just think how much weight you are going to lose coaching in NFL-Europe---wait I meant Miami
Downloading photos with weird guys from partys :D lool
Two hours left! 10% off all Bee Mine in stock and 20% off All other products in stock!
Teleconference with your attorney-- would you do it?
what are you getting?
nxtARROW: primary mission is to help restore Buffalo to its original greatness and prosperity as a center of entrepreneurship and innovation
What two space exploration entities are based out of #DC?
I love it when my friends can film with me <3 THEY'RE SO MUCH FUN!
Just found out I'm going to #sla2010 in New Orleans, I am preparing for the conference by working out so I can eat my weight in beniets!
where did the chip thing come from love?!
don't be nervous, you're about to embark on the most fun 4 years of your life. Enjoy it and savor how blessed you are!
Watched Zombieland with Ryan last night... frickin love that movie. can quote every line.
Thanks NMC and our Madison hosts for a great conference. All of your hard work paid off.
haha all talk no play
can we use the iPad garage band drum set for our drum line?
U know, pussies get so damn pissed when you call them "a cocksucker"… but...wait..*_°
oops nevermind, i read your twitlonger :]
Was great hanging out at w/ and Mikhael from
I <3 and her cute cat
Official nomination meeting: Saturday, Oct. 10, 2009, 9 a.m. at TLU767, 6109 Anglin Drive, Forest Hill, TX, 76119. Support positive change!
any suggestions for a car-free vacation?
You need to start tweeting! Take a picture of your favorite turret and share it :)
like why? All stars was perfect last year and of course it didn't come here. But whatever I'm not going so yeah
political correctness instead of alphabetical correctness. Lol.
Mike D. grabbed the money, M.C.A. snatched the gold, I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold.......
My plan is to get into my gym clothes. And then sit on the couch. And then WHO KNOWS what'll happen
New Songs Posted Real Name Chase, & Swagger ft. B.O.B New beat for Swagger Coming Soon..
pretty great info. there's a website called www.spokeo.com that can find where you live. it's quite controversial.
When you have so much storm damage, your key won't even fit the door knob..
following ehow.com advice, putting shoes in dishwasher
I'd go for the Lavery and Full Pint suggestions and maybe some Oberon if you are a Bells fan...the saison from Lavery is love!
Hold we at 80 yet
of course! "Gonna find you!"
I do like your name! I spell mine the same way! My first name that is!
MADISON IN THAT VARSITY JACKET. ASCGGFKFLS.
The Knicks should go on and try to get Brittney Griner this year... Smh
Oh man, not sure we'd be able to get a sitter.
Go Tigers!
My arm is shaking after scooping beans for two hours. Omg. Maybe I should rethink not working out my arms at the gym!
Why don't you just kiss me already?
Top of the morning mayneeee
That's so funny! Did you tell her they didn't have central heating back then? ;)
no squares shall enter in the circle of winner
Tech & Soc: Representing numbers with two values in on or off positions is called binary notation.
Good morning partners! Our predictions for yesterday's games was on point (2-0)! HFM!
I cant i cant i cant i cant i cant.
Our Groupon is officially expired. Thanks to every one who bought one and supported our small business!
Okay... Here come the fouling! Gotta make FTs
Of course I'm home and in bed before midnight so I guess I'm not really hardcore anymore.
Anything we give all our love to other then God is an idol .
No bigs! Use #RVA for Richmond. If you create a new tag like #BeyondBarbie don't leave spaces.
so tired from this week and weekend of crazyiness... but oh it was well worth it. my little bros bday party today.
no problem !! Films out right now not sure, yours?
LOL, I must stop...
Leaving my phone home tomorrow to be sent to Indiana. Not gonna haw it for a week but it'll be awesome when it comes back.
Agreed. Tough conference, but 0-19 is unacceptable. Jeff Boals is the coach I was talking about.
you're not the first person to mention that one. I need more organization than manipulation, but I'll check it out.
Alright - it's freaking hot in here. But it just got ugly!
Can you believe Susan G Komen foundation is cutting Cancer Screening funding for women who use planned parenthood.
if your happy, im happy (:
<3 Hey Morning
I need to go to Gucci
The real question is, do you like your breakfast pizza cold?
... and then "Let the waters rise" by MikesChair comes on.
Hales on urban renewal: We should be able to declare victory after 20 years
mehhhhhh me too.
It's Summer Camp time! Advertise with Sprinkles Magazine!
Yo mama so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
I did! Lol
Yes. I'm smashing on sight lol
Pls lower Gaddafi voice so we can hear the translator better. It is the ENGLISH
I mean, it wasn't Crate & Barrell or anything, but it doesn't fall down when you sit on it, either.
BTW, how's that co-authored free improv piece coming along?
because people suck and scheduled our effing pysch exam today :/
Thank you! That's what I said!
I like 65 or 70 with win. Feels good through my hair. Hahah
We've got Now model wishlist includes: & Get soupy for fire relief!
Is thinkin what has happened to our city of Detroit? This is crazy, 400 murders n, n its jus 3 months n within the year. Smh, this is sad
Is this an Adele remix playlist???
you are welcome and I followed too
Msm of Science and Industry is neat, I LOVE Art Institute of Chi, on a lower level there is a great exhibit of miniature rooms!
love that hashtag
Happy Fourth of July from the Silverwood Team!
going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird?
LOL I was doing the WendyWilliams' how u doinnn
“: Christian music makes my mornings 10x brighter ☀🙏” amen!
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
d'aww I love this tweet. I was crying too and laughing from all of our silly pictures. Seriously love you!!
Wow. This string just stopped me cold. I hope you get thru this ok. Please take care.
thats why i am here.. to help ya :)
That was a nice nap, time to head back to the library
Can you send those tacos Fed-Ex, ? They sound delicious.
If you get on a plane now, you'd make it in time for happy hour.
yeah my friend and he is so gay lol
7 rows of seats and one detestable opener between me and noel. It's here.
I knew that was I saw in the ravens facility. Could have finally met the Goob lol
@ KENS-TV with author, musician Peter Buffett for morning show, re: program presented by @ SAAFDN tmrw nite @ Carver centrr
why don't you a) block the application (so there's no notifications) and b) block wall posts
wow RT: Singing duets with Rachel York is actually an out of body experience.
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank - Dante Rossetti.
Happy birthday to my OLD man! Off to the beach today!
OK! All of the blog posts have moved from blogger to word press. The comments aren't importing, but I'll take what I can get.
One word texts can just kill your mood
I'm not perfect but i'm progressing (to be better) everyday.
Why not? It's got to beat the small sections on long lists that Oxford offers to you otherwise.
missing out lol
RT : The Lucky One! Guys-take your girl to see it. It's a great movie no matter what gender you are.
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Dozens are left homeless after a WDM apt fire, plus Jon Huntsman dropping out of the GOP Race!
Ppl who still comment "i own" on pics <
Thanks, I will set my alarm clock for that :) RT: Tickets go on sale 9 a.m. Friday.
is admiring her pepper plants in her office garden.
If you unfortunately have to miss #StDrunkens but still want to support RvD, you can purchase raffle tickets through us. DM us.
Looking for a great fish fry? Karl Ratzsch's on Mason Street is a great choice: www.karlratzsch.com
#Redskins giving up an arm, leg and left testicle to Rams just to move up 4 spots and draft RG3. Time to drug test those Skins.
We are doing Elixir of Love tonight at the DiMenna Center for the performing Arts: 450 W37th, 7:30PM, tickets at door: $35 cash or check.
Isn't it always the way: the minute you start pretending you're on a cooking show you make a mistake
want to help me test my new design tool? it'll just take a few minutes. @ or dm me your email and i'll send you the details.
Just finished Season 3 of Medium on #Netflix. Yes, I know it's been off the air for ages :P
that was amazing!
I guess I will have to relax and do nothing...YES!!!
thank you!!
Comment was the better name. Writing Tab came about because the interface appears as a tab among other tools.
Everytime I paint a portrait I lose a friend. - John Singer Sargent
I am, thanks! Nice meeting you at Doug's B-Day event. I can always use more wine smarts. Looking forward to your posts.
RT Easter Sunday: The day that Jesus rose from the Dead, looked Satan in the eye's and said, "Game Over."
If #PathologicalLiar #MittRomney were elected president in 2008 we'd be in a depression now.
The Motorcycle Diaries is easily one of my favorite books and movies.
feel better please<3
I've got my assistant sending out information. : ) I've got you on my radar!
Joint Finance Committee discussing the budget lapse, incl $70 million in proposed cuts to UW system. Rep. Richards: "This is the wrong way."
Here are a few more random bacon facts: 70% of all bacon in the U.S. is eaten at breakfast. Bacon contains vitamin B1, B12, and Zinc.
Great intensity early on!!
Congrats!!! ": Local iQ turns five! 1,855 days goes by really fast."
Thanks to all friends - both old, new and very very old - for the birthday wishes. You're the best.
Aren't those stamps amazing!?! Who would you want to see on stamps commemorating US fashion?
Watching the laker game
I mean that's like my best friend and all but no lol
Well im confused now, so whatchu doing?!
what is this sorcery?!111
I did not. But it was a very near thing.
Good sir, did you get the copy of See Mix Drink I sent? Hope all is well.
Exciting being a business in Detroit! Let's focus on our success stories and make our City shine again!
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.” ― George Bernard Shaw
same here! :( but there's tons of shows coming out to keep our minds of it :) <3
Air and Space Museum offers interactive games and 4-D theater.lets go together today at 2:pm
Merry Christmas! (Now, can I please have another cup of coffee...)
You're wrong if you think i'd be just like her.
Some people feel the need to have someone to "complete" them. These folks have issues ;)
Free ballin' in linen shorts..frozen concoction with an umbrella in the caribbean is where I will be real soon!!!!
Got burned by Excel row limit again today. When will I learn to just script all this with Python?
Chile please !
Who else is going to tomorrows concert?
okay phone bout die i hit u up
Singing in my head to get me through this day
PickUpLine: Can I please be your slave tonight?
Received a direct message stating "Someone is saying bad things about you here"...uh besides being an obvious spam, I say, "No, duh"...
A well-deserved break. I bet you'll come back refreshed and ready to destroy!
Jimmy Johns for lunch. Good sandwich, delivered. I'm a huge fan.
Or complain that someone stole their shit...
My iPhone battery died, so I have to make a quick trip to the 9th circle of Hell tonight. Er, the mall.
what's good bro
So sad when a bun ruins a perfectly good burger.
I try not judge ppl, I mean we all do it to an extent. But the worst you can do is look down on anyone else.
Finally nice weather!! <3
Read Design editor Phyllis Van Doren "Spring Interior Design Report" in SD Home/Garden Lifestyles in April
“: that's what we're going to call it. Naw, we're going to call it Project Y” what's with all these letters!
Bitch offer me the box if u wanna be nice
Can't wait for basketball season
Love love love love love love love
haha I was getting a little worried you were beating me lol
ok keep me posted...thanks.
Some say: H.R. 347 should hold the groups that pay the occupy protesters legally responsible for any criminal acts and cleanup. ,)
God must love stupid people. He made SO many. Lol
Being up this early is making me itchy.
and you will. :) I ran one. And I am NOT a runner. :) if I can, anyone can Haha.
I don't think I've been on it today, but if I tried to open it at this moment, I'm 99% sure it will crash.
just housed a #shakeshack burger... so proud
I (do/do not) care what ingredients are in the natural products I use in my hair and on my body! (please pick one)
just hollarin at you fam... it's just the Clippers!
At #Bersin Assoc & Knowledge Advisors session on learning metrics for CLOs. Hoping to glean some thoughts on human capital metrics.
Have pilots all decided to turn off channel 9? Haven't had a single flight lately where it was activated.
I don't know if you said it before but I LOVE IT. Thnks tons glad you enjoyed! You are too funny!
Fingers crossed!!!
i love you to nic :) and sry i havent been on KIK lately iv been a bit busy and i got on today and read about emma :(
Bumping Nelly "Pimp Juice", Yu Too Old For That U Like 60..!
I dont know did you?
That guy had a fro. # distracting
Happy New Year and Happy 30th Birthday to us!!!!!
We all have our nights though, don't be so ashamed. I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
obsessed with Never Stop -
she got off
Minor victories: I no longer have to scroll down to view my entire to do list.
although to be fair you don't have much use for park
Gotta go with The Chords. "Sh-Boom" You remember them from the '50 when you were a kid, don't you?
Okay, some friends converted their Facebook Profiles to the Timeline Format. Is there a setting to view their pages in the "Classic" format?
Why are there 100 drunk high school kids at the columns right now? Is this what new Orleans proms are like?
I bet a sour patch kid blizzard would be good.
Aww THANKS! RT : I love Jamie at and her mad color skilzzzz! xoxoxoxo
Who is this Craig James gentleman, and why does he have two first names?
Thanks to Kobe Bryant for partying all night at Tomorrow is in the house!
my fav wilco song. Poor Places.
TGIF . :) Yes I'm Getting It In Tonight
But I can't wait to "tie dye" shirts tomorrow! 👍🎨
really want my headache to go away. maybe a new pair of shoes would help...
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(: pweetty pweaseee
Thursday is St. Patty's Day! Order your Corned Beef and Cabbage catering today!
Great football games today but this Green Bay game is embarrassing for Oakland.
Mel's here!!
I just made apple cider from scratch! Just kidding, I bought a jug.
sorry for the slowness, we're working on it!
lets just say im glad i tried it..
dis bitch said she was gone call back and nevber did
ohh very nice name :) .. yea gotcha im corbin ;)
How was it? Wanna grab a drink? You'd get to see my party hair.
My friend Dave Carney () is 15 or so followers shy of 2K. Politicos around the US will sleep better if makes he goal.
even more pretentious: I think that couple was in a recent episode of Gossip Girl.
Happy B-Day, Hope u have the best day ever....Love ya:)
did jinsu really die??
I Just Want You To Be Happy Even Though Im Already Happy With You : (
thanks for the rt!
Purchase online tickets using discount code "tweet" for $1 off one day admission
A huge thanks to everyone that donated on IndieGoGo!
Every once in a while he's gotta remind us
Bang Bang!
Beautiful day today! Lovely Vegas heat. Can't wait for tomorrow! ;-)
She's pissin me off
Today's the day! We're heading to the at 1 pm to chat about the social safety net. Send your questions to
Anyone ready for the summer?! Its going to be epic!
very true no disagreement here. On #ssm I think POTUS wanted to get it out of the way in silly seaso
I'm pissed off
ppl from the fake borough are not allowed to have opinions :) jk:)
yeah. Those Indians. World Series baby! I'm feeling just as delusional as you Sox fans.
Happy Birthday!!! Blessings to
'Babe 2: Pig in the Queso'
best phrase: "fearless little burrito." i worry, though, that now i'll think weird things when eating burritos in the future...
So, it looks like another week where I have booked myself for every single night, and it's before
That is RIDICULOUS.
RT The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values
hm. I like the orange the best but I need to see them in person because I look at them and I think "Easter" IDK
Thanks for following, !
I'm sure you still want the CD you tried to grab from me on Coldwater! I'm excited for you to hear her music!!
I think we know someone who fits this picky eater bill perfectly. A particular pizza eating dude.
blah, blah, blah, this is just a test ...
Never interrupt someone doing something you said couldn't be done. ~ Amelia Earhart
So true. Worry robs us of vision and strength w/o helping usRT RT : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
wow, what a resource! How does it know?
Had fun last night was a dance an I had friends sleepover then we got donuts this morning!!!!!:)
Coming to the end of this exploration of love and loss, the bruised parts of my heart are no longer so tender to the touch.
#NP Im On Drake
Thank you for the tweet Esther! How did you hear about MiniBük?
Someone turned Fergie into a Rock em Sock em robot & will.i.am to a Borg. Sadly, it didn't improve their performance.
I know, it's incredible! So refreshing to see this time of year :)
Entitlements, personal responsibility, root causes... we talked about it all on Free for All Friday! If you missed it, the podcast is up!
There are some beautiful photos by on our website. Check out his work!
Not right now, but we're looking to open up an EU location sometime later this year.
Or?! There can't be an or. Make this happen
If indiana had a beach....it still wouldn't be as cool as california or florida
Looks amazing! If only I could self recreate.
so sweet!
Province pushing aquaculture at 'any cost' - TheChronicleHerald.ca
in my stilettos ;)
Got a $5.62 drink from for only $2 using my #treatreceipt. Kinda nice eh? :-)
I need a quirky catchphrase to really establish myself as a white guy
Thanks for the retweets! Have a blessed Friday!
Hay is for horses- so they say! Hey - of a different way- wave or speak, it doesn't matter. So eat Oatmeal or Hay! /www.JohnEllisShow.com
Everyone watch #idol tonight? Joshua is one of the best singers I've heard!
Beautiful Day for a RAW DEAL , come see what we will put in your belly for $10. Social Hour from 2-6, $5 make you Holla!
K102 retweeted the picture of me and evans sign that i put up last night!! #goodluck? #hopeso #upgradeusplease! :)
I'm far from a connoisseur. More like a wanna-be chef for my family. I will definitely send some pics your way.
I was into John Denver before he sold out and went on The Muppets.
girl i think im bout do the same , tu sabe
Im becoming more consistant in shadow boxin combos are startin to flow
Not receptive to 1am rabies infestations, Winnie.
I have been listening to country music more and more.
THANK YOU MOST PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND MY LIFESTYLE SO IT'S NICE NOT TO BE JUDGED FOR A CHANGE
Words tend to be inadequate.
and you know this how?
Congrats on the new site. I like the visa that says "Visitante sin actividades lucrativas"...The destiny of most photogs? Ha!
Wild game last night! I am impressed with your team, you are doing a great job with them. Good luck the rest of the way!
invite reactions- host a chat, ask a question, say thanks...allow your audience to remember why they care about your cause
Time to get down target style at show in joliet :)
I did have a dream last night that I got an $8000 bonus check! THAT's the kind of dream I'd like to make happen this year! :D
London 2012: Olympics Made for the Modern Age
Using social media for list building is a huge tool many marketers are missing out on.
I know what You mean. This time is priceless. Mine are 5& 7 and I'm loving every minute.
TRO was denied re: Farmers Mrkt Bldg in Sherman Heights. - how U did what U did 2 this proud community is just plain wrong!
Need A Radio Single? Want A Fresh Sound For Your Project! Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Mavs are just a bad team
Just made and decorated 50 cupcakes as souvenirs for my grad party!
Changing perception is like a new haircut. It gives you a new look...:)
Going to get KFC and hangout at the park with the family for a bit .. Then I'm headed home . (:
who says we cant do both! :)
"Sales are made when trust exists. The faster you can create trust...the faster your personal business will grow
why must you continue to talk to Neuheisel? He is no longer the coach. Just let it go and let him move on.
Very cute: RT : ♥ Fun T-Shirts that will inspire your girl to be a leader tinyurl.com/4bpv7g2 ♥
No seat at Lambeau is bad, but if you're looking for the best experience possible, obviously get 5th row 50 yrd line. Haha.
Stop on in and see us!! Open till 9
I just sent you an email about that. It's probably not you, and we'll get it straightened out!
#TeamTatu It Time to get that tatt!
I do not like the look at practice today.
finishing up my arrangement on Yellow Submarine this morning. I'm excited to hear it!
hey call me u stopped txting outta the blu :/
alright well ttyl
I have no motivation for school anymore. I just wanna work and make money lol
that is incorrect mid
you moved on :(
go follow please for me?
Bitches be trippin.
Why lie to me when i know the true
you really piss me of ; idk why i put up w/ your shady ass. gooodfuckingnight!
Well thank you!
Got Paper? Schedule your shredding service today! Early AM's are available.
working with
Tune into ABC to watch and#timgunn on the #redcarpet at the
Tickets for at The Polish Club on October 30th are now on sale from all locals.
happy birthday! And great photo!
Done with reffing for the day. Can't sleep too well, because I've been thinking about my documentary...
apparently, we were once planning to "Disney like Sanchez" can we still get in on that?
Using the phrase "twin cores" in my Comp II keynote: 10 pts for Ravenclaw.
For once why can't they say "you usually don't look very good and tonight is no exception."
I loved loved loved red riding hood...very epic and surprising ...
Tomorrows already thursday?!
YES, God always do what He says...He is AWESOME!!
You can buy articles, or you can save them to your bookshelf for 14 days for free reading. This is awesome and useful
"They're just after me because they know I'm in it to win it" -- Real people saying real things
but it is taxed which is my point, all income may not be taxed equally but it is taxed.
his gambling attitude was dumb today!! Know whento hold em when to fold em.
It breaks my heart hearing the  love of my life cry at Night :(
$ "It's not about the (Money 3x) We don't need your (Money 3x) We just wanna make the world dance. Forget about the Price tag." $
oh but check out my music though
thanks sir, spread the word! see ya soon.
"A press briefing promoting the benefits of nuclear power has been postponed 'because it would be inappropriate given the events in Japan.'"
And u.s. airways delays again, worst airline ever.
Shiner: Best beer from Texas (although I haven't tried them all)
She is a beauty! Fabulous skin too, she's in the right business. Visit us for a facial!
Inexplicably, we didn't win the West Roxbury window decorating contest and have failed to advance to the citywide finals
Presented session on learning analytics to higher Ed. Incredible tools for data mining.
Meant ...sounds as if we can all discuss D&I only as long as we fund. see it your way. Know you don't mean that.
Had a 5am flight to NYC, worked, played anvideo Game, walked dog, drinks,'dinner,drinks And Gumbo Party. I'm dead.
Wisconsin is putting a hurt on Illinois early. It's 14-2 at the 14:00 mark. #Illini look like a team that doesn't have much to play for.
tell Jeff I was right about that Omaha chicken. Too rich, currently in Native Foods cafe bathroom, cldnt even make it to urban
they wanna holla.
VERY IMPORTANT DO NOT GIVE OUT NAMES OF IRANIAN TWEETERS! via
yeah I know but I love it.
Lol How Is Deltona Treating You ?
A Change is gonna come
No, I believe an LCRI came out that said not to use [sic] anymore. Use parallel title with the other spelling, plus a note.
Just walked an hour and half in 20 degrees for Copenhagen and Jim Beam...just like our ancestors used to do
I feel like walking death.
YES! RT : I think Carlos would be an improvement. Carlos the Racing Chorizo
It did look odd.
