i have an idea get the nfl.network
I would be live tweeting Thor, but it would just be wanking noises over Loki Loki Loki.
Where is the arm cuff you are rockin on tonights #fashionstart from?!
“: I cannot fucking stand True Blood, I can't be the only one.”with u on that one
's beard is gone. Am I next?
I Strongly Dislike Talking On The Phone With People
Who drank the other 1/2 this time? Stop cheating on me, sassypants. And hurry up and get here.
RT Follow these awesome bands!
God bless wandering minds cast parties.
Thanks to our recent followers! #FF , , , ,
oh hes filming an episode on punk'd, thats why !!! :DD
thanks for the love bro I'll link up wit u when I get back
Eff you dude on Hollywood blvd berating people who don't wanna buy your hip-hop cd. I'm not trying to make you listen to MY band.
Of course..
Seen a chick with #youaintboutthislife >>> in her bio smh, so basic o_0
dunno, forgot to ask my friend hahah will get you back on that. n e thing MUST go2 there you know?
Flight attendants are the Ben Affleck of the travel industry.
it's charging! Haha
dark blue dark blue.
please I'll do the doggie please follow meh
i want to start making videos, i just dk of what maybe interviews with homeless people asking where do they get the markers for the signs
she pop that pussy on a monday, she never falls in love
thanks for the heads up. hopefully this doesn't happen again.
Steve Nash needs to.just hang it up him and grant hill
Got it if you need it.
Yo is that Fender system you got the passport 300 or 500?
Same difference. :)
Nice try #ThomasSweet Montgomery BUT I still favor the cupcakes at #Princeton !
Thank you for coming out to #OpOliver! It was great meeting your daughter!
yeah that's a prob “: I need to stop making 5 plans for 1 night & forgetting about half of them. This is why I'm a ditcher :(”
“ "Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body." ~Cicero”
my three favorite foods.
finishing work
Had quite the eventful weekend. A new look to the website coming soon! Courtesy of who is awesome!
Decorating for #Christmas with the windows open is a little weird.
RIP to the girl she used to be!
that looks like my house....
Ha ha! I can personally introduce you, Jenna. He lives in a sweet bldg I'm very familiar with. :)
Welcome new luvs part 5! Thanks for following
I mean, obviously, some regression was expected this year. But they look awful way too often. Need some spark.
Fresh-Men class meeting then practice. Dont bother texting unless your name is Gregory&Alyssa.
Damn, Whitney.
You know you're a good Minnesotan when your winter clothing allows you to go out in -20 windchill and you get too warm;)
#MoveOn does not speak for #OB is just a safe space for true Direct Democracy. Thanks for keeping us honest.
LOVE IT! RT : When God made (; Why do I believe this is so true?
We look forward to meeting you as well!
Reminder: we are sitting on the long hill with the trees.
I love the humidity. It makes my skin look nice. Lol.
So how many medical ontologies really exist? Can you piece them together in some sort of three dimensional Venn diagram?
girl nothing at home bored !
lol do they have church on Sunday too?
Checking out the reverb page showing support. follow back.
My ex still calls me after 2 and a half years since I broke up with him. He always tells me he will marry me one day. Yea keep dreamimg
see you tonight!
Stellar idea! RT : Indy Restaurants: How will you be sourcing locally during the Super Bowl? May I suggest Hoosier Momma?
Get your mind off the rain -- visit SECCA. 3 galleries of the best art of our time. FREE. Part of NC Dept. of Cultural Resources.
I smell patchouli...
Right when I thought I was done... I ran of "sugar" for the last dessert
Oh yea baby!
I could turn 1 into 2. God cant turn 1 into many
Thompson Library Break Hours June 1-20: Monday-Friday: 7:30 a.m. -6 p.m.; Saturday & Sunday: 11 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Eva Langoria's apperance on Real Time With Bill Maher showed me that she's as smart asshe is hot.
Didn't feel that he should be traded either, but you talk smack, you get dealt. You hit a star, you get benched.
Anything special on tap tonight ? Going to stop in for some brews and wings.
Oh, I forgot that you can't just buy the upgrade. :P
enjoy! Lite on the butter!
thanks for calling my blog brilliant, but misspelling conspiracy while taking a shit.
This is absolutely epic, Olympics have NO chance against this production when the set takes off into space for InterGalactic pre-season.
Dear rain: not sure I trust u after the last few days deluge, but would REALLY like it if we could get thru all r games 2day w\o u.
With our same day service, you can have your iPhone fixed in no time!
Neither; mainly because posting on those is expensive, and in searching, I'll look at targeted companies on their career boards
What happened to Dick Trickle?! Miss you guys on the short tracks of Wisconsin!!
glad to hear your doing well. haha
is on the road again! Bought tix for the family, can't wait!
Illegal Bacon
Shouts to all my niggas on Raleigh St. bout to hit a few licks tonight with niggas not familiar with Metro West in Orlando
You got it.
are u serious?? The metro service down there is wack?
Nice. What kind of formats would you like to see - stats used, etc.?
like immediately after?
It's almost time for the holiest day of the year in American Capitalism....Black Friday...
Thanks Flip! RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
It like they all doing there own thing, its crazy.
what happened 1st HK? iPod power down or the sun??
#FridayListens SLEIGHT by Kirsten Kaschock, read by Review copy thx to &
711 Press has three horror books in the works. First up is Flight 666, a MovieBook by Drusilla Winters. It is really out there!
huge series this weekend for the brewers against cardinals, a sweep would put them in first place
MAD LATE WITH IT.
What if clothes were never invented? Would ppl possibly then take care of their bodies uh ewe! I just frew up
My Chemical Romance <3
what to do
It's not over till it's over.
RT : “He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician.” ~ Chinese proverb
"Babies don’t follow instructions and often 'fuss out' mid-test, taking their data points with them."
I expect huge & hilarious things from you! :-) Can!t wait
intro to Eugene Huang to see if he can attend the awesome video citability demo we will be doing in DC ar 11 4-6pm purty please?
Corner, Mexico. Conceded by Landon Donovan.
@ hey Pisces! It's about that time of year for us bro!
yes, i know! how you been?:D
Hilarious video on lean startup jargon - great starter for your session. Thanks for sharing!
Im somewhere up there...
oh Ashley, it seems to be becoming that way, you don't have to though
I totally just had excellent bus karma.
Free membership for a yr, promo code "fit" during the sign up process. www.TheGymPro.com YES FREE FOR A YEAR. RT : New Video
Wow! That is just fucking it! Done. Now!!!!!
stayed up late finishing your book. Embarrassed to be an alumni of Tech with how they screwed you.Tech football isnt the same.
One Party Bus remaining available Friday night December 11th. Contact us now for details at 405.447.2446 or at www.okcpartybus.com
we know a place that does pretty awesome tattoos! :)
Make recursive cloud storage… but another service inside of your dropbox folder
LAX is a mess of construction.
Get into Saturdays for only $10 tomorrow night. TEXT the message PURA to 99158 to get a discount pass texted to you by 7pm!
Shit, I just need to dedicate my entire Instagram account to my cats.
you are very welcome
I think I found the right one can I get a follow back.
'Do Me, Baby' from Prince on the way in 5 minutes
God knows I need one, sister and I miss u something fierce.
There is a special place in Hell for those who design airline Web sites.
Mooney down 16-14 but knocking on the door after int
MFL So outcheeaa! Its in everybody mouth!!!
and yet you still love winelibraryTV
Return on Relationships is the new way of thinking about our customers. Some ARE more important than others!
Gary Coleman's wife is shady.
you sang?
How cool is this! tweets: "Who won Little 500?"
2nd to none
I waited all my life for this moment to arrive
Thank you! I can't wait to be there... the greatest town in the world.
HAHA I LIKE THAT!!
Ugh. I just want a sexy ass mother fucker. Like Is that too much to ask?
love your slideshows!
oh #rkelly is trending! #pipedpiperofr&b
The Title "Wildin Out In The Studio" fits #Perfectly LMAO
Hello! Hopefully you didn't see me driving whilst talking on my phone o.0
Heading up to indoor to catch some hoops. in town always has some good teams. Can't wait to see the talent
Off to enjoy what looks to be a perfect 4 day weekend! Hope everyone has the same! ~XOXO
Best team all year brought home the crown. Congrats UK! 2012 NCAA Champs! even sweeter that to comes off a kU loss!
You should'int always belive them when they say they won't brake your heart!
Half time in America: Ronald Reagan is posthumously buying ad space during the SuperBowl? Trickle-down advertising from beyond the grave.
I saw one person @ one of their followers for this and everyone else talkin' about how nobody bold enough to do it.
Guys remember "Every Mother's Day Needs a Mother's Night"
Sweet jesus, now it's flooding. And it's expected to continue for the next TWO HOURS! What is happening?!
As I put my evening gowns together w/my jewelry for our cruise nxt wk that I'll be a walking billboard; maybe make a sale or 2!
Man what's up with some of these artists these days!! Give me a shot and I GUARANTEE I'll make you millions!
at Parisol Bar Up #wynn With Resource Group. Join us if you are
me neither. If you wanted ice cream you had to go to the goshdarn farm.
Damn fool!!!!
Going to lunch with my priest. This could be awkward...
Went to the Arbor theater in Austin to see A Separation and the trailer before it is anti-choice propaganda? ...probably not coming back.
Caffeine is required, please input.
Walking in these shoes is gonna take some time getting used to again....
This dinner might be the greatest thing to ever happen to humanity.
lol lil gay ass I remember u had me so mad wit dis shit last yr. Couldn't tell me u wasn't gay. Lmao
You in a better mood today friend?
Treks at a time like this?
Whose watching the fight tonight?
Never waste your time trying to explain who you are to people who are committed to misunderstanding you.
We had a great time at the Earth Jam at Cincinnati State, today! Thank you all for the love :) See you next year!
I actually HAVE several useless degrees -- which is why I ended up here! So happy they'll have me
Conceive big disruptive ideas + try them out in a small pond
If u waitin on my call DontCountOnIt
"Fun church" kids ministry meeting :D
Win lose or draw, the real winners in Indiana's primary were the companies that printed all those dam glossy postcards I got in the mail.
Thanks for the #FF mentions !!
yes. For some reason it waited 24 hrs to post... Traffic jam yesterday, too, though. :)
cause cheese like cheese
yeah buddy
Um, he was eating our food and pooping on the counters. He's lucky i didnt torture him
Rip to my grandmother she would have enjoyed mothers day 2k12 😢
Really? I like Donny a lot
I had been aiming for paperless, but lots of sts were CRAVING paper :(
who's your daddy? :D
I'm in class bro
My friday evening plans cleared up. Looking for something fun (but not too late or expensive) for tonight.
please contact us so we can help you figure out why things are running slowly.
i tried callin and it goice to voice mssg UGH
Friends is amazing. GOD SUCH GOOD SHOWS ON TONIGHT.
Sometimes I feel like some people don't deserve to be in high school!
Beautiful painted trillium. We have trillium, too, but not so beautifully colored.
We had finals and they're making us ew
The future looks very bright for USA soccer!
Ima about to kill sum niggas
Just had a great night<3
The family also says the oils in your hair can help too
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
Brass Monkey!
I'm learning so much from the Mambo King!!! So awesome!!!
now I got you guys on Facebook and twitter!I'm suzie Rhine!i know I have said this about a Bazillion times but you guys are amazin
The Robinsons - Tyler and Demarco - are dominating this spring game. ...
Your first on the list to be notified :-)
Hosting all three Mount Mary College fashion shows Friday at the Hyatt. Excited to see this new crop of up-and-coming fashionistas!!!
MALF is looking to feature Summer Reading Programs this month. Any suggestions for exemplary programs supported by our members?
Is it jus me, or are too many first graders dating nowadays?;p.
Never let your dad cut your hair.
i hate perverted guys -.- smh.
okay then. I'm bored.
omg I'm dying right now ♥ 's voice is so perfect :)
Sweet. I'll have to check it out. thanks!
Finally liking the #Cowboys strategy this offseason, welcome to Rack City Morris Claiborne!
those aren't clues those are more questions!
My list of non-negotiables includes people who toy with others' emotions. Also, releasing hostages.
Cool! Are you working there tonight? Got my 3 little nephews & SIL and BIL here to visit from Canada.
Love you
LA & OC tomorrow for 2 weeks! So. Fucking. Excited.
Got my tux ready to go :D
awesome. I just started #p90x it's kicking my ass. Haha
Yeah soon enough! (Until then more time spent on slashdot) heh
Mike browns offence is the same as it was here in cleveland have the superstar dribble the clock out den take the shot
It hasnt been a great week, its only hump day...
We're playing in reverse this month, right?
Even as a Laker fan, I really love the Paul Pierce rafters commercial.
their futures will most definitely be affected by the outcome.
#delenakiss still can't believe it... Woah I shouted very loud when I saw them kissing OMG. #delenaforever :)
The master of disaster, the king of sting, the count of montefisto...Apollo.....Creed! (Watching #Rocky4)
Have a great weekend Roger..
What kinda of douchery is this?!! Someone emails me and demands I fix my FREE iPhone app 'NOW' because it 'sucks' on an old iOS?
Are you still at Burnhearts?
I wanna take a trip to Miami too see
me too!
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough, i'm giving you all my love.
I'm just a very big fan of Weezer
i'm in an amazing mod ! hbu ?
just ordered mine!! So glad I didn't spend $300+ on a Wacom, looking forward to trying this out!
Choose to actively rest. You're too busy NOT to rest.
my bad it's
When I become a zombie I want to eat everyone, then party.
It's alright with me, ! Can't wait to see you #bringit at !
great lineup.. Going to be an awesome time!!!
Wisdom begins in wonder. ~Socrates
must.see.tv.
Re: Limbaugh. He is reminding us of the more accurate definition of fanatic.
you made the cut with now on ch 411!
Preparing for the HCI Strategy and Workforce Planning conference on Monday in San Francisco. Attendance list is great. Aruspex sponsoring.
Is it geeky that I'm kind of excited about taking cataloging next semester?
Cold/allergies have had me under wraps the most of the past few days. Tomorrow should be super productive.
When is my man Josh Freeman and the baby bucs going to get some love?
Gaping Jaws Gary,I just haven't slept since our flight together.... ( ATL-AMS ..[..BOD]
babies are cute and all, but I'm not sure why I've been invited into the facebook group to look at your kid's photos.
zomg this bottom is legit crying
why do all the movies on streaming netflix blow? I need some netflix suggestions?
Watching "Hunt for the Giant Octopus" on NGWILD now. Fascinating but a little eeeuuuwww.
thanks for the ride and treats. Most importantly thx for the friendship and memories!
GTBMC!!! Stephen A Smith is wearing the I <3 Skip Bayless t-shirt! WOW!!!
I swear to God, Andrew blows up my phone I'ma punch him in the pecker
Where did time go? When you are young, you can't wait to be 21, then U cant wait for 25, you hit 25 it's like a landslide.DOWNHILL NONSTOP!
I need pics soon!!! I'm on a mission...give me one more month! ;)
It's a destiny moment. Perfect. Romans 13:11
: Fundraising should be at the center of thinking, not programming, because it's what funds the programs.
did you take the re exam?
Had a blast at the show at Antone's on Sunday! Had to leave early, found out some bands were interested in doing another show...!
ShoutOut to !!! She is AWESOME! Her tweets are the best!! You should go follow her lik right NOW!! :)
Listening to the Tigers radio broadcast while Twins are winning makes it twice as nice.
I am surprised that Yates is getting time to throw. Needs to start making better decisions.
you are a dork
Thanks so much for the addition!
I should probably leave work and get dinner at some point tonight.
Which Cars Fit Three Car Seats? - Chicago Tribune
What the heck!! ! you've been on twitter and cant follow me back?
I freakin love this team.
I can't wait for tomorrow!!!!! Why! Oh why! Does my class have to end!!!
who in the hell are you talking about
RT : You should let having a dream be more important to you than having it come true. Never give up.
#NPtech Tip: Want more retweets? Make sure your tweets are short enough fit RT and your username.
Great to catch up with you again!
The rebroadcast interview about black female songwriters was awesome on Friday and Sunday. THANK YOU!
CPC last break of the day- have 70,000. Should play 1 1/2 levels to end the day - about another hour
Unforeseen consequence of following lots of UK people: I called my Mom to wish her Happy Mother's Day & confused both of us.
Because no one wants a gf that looks like a fucking clown. No one wants to hold hands in public with a circus freak.
What's the story behind Boxing Day? And why does Tyson keep tweeting me on this day?
OK, time to stop wallowing about this and go grocery shopping.
oh my! It depends on what we're referring to, but I say strawberry, chocolate, coconut, lemon. Glad dragon fruit wasn't an option.
and thus muscle growth is somewhat stunted.
why should they even fight, shouldn't Mayweather fight Marquez? Everyone knows Pacman didn't win that fight.
you still awake defending these fourth quarter performances? Dang!
Hate the taste of liquor, but I love the feel of it *shrugs*
So Elena's a vampire now. Ok. My head just exploded.
wow save the best 2 for last.
So super tired and have a lot of work ahead of me. so tell me??? What are you guys up to?
That's beautiful! :) I like that statement.
Deryl Dedmon, white teen who drove over and killed James Anderson, a black man, sentenced to life. DOJ will reveal fate of accomplices 2day
Done - wasn't called to serve, but I have to call them tomorrow to see if I have to come back. That'll put a crimp in your day.
Is it Mother's Day on RHONJ?! That must be brutal.
I love how whenever I dogsit I can't do anything without my mom being like 'Are you going to let the dog out? You need to let the dog out!'
Going to help move more furniture into her new SOCO apt.
come on down!
I just bought this whole house something to eat
Crossfitters!! Our new education workshop will help you perfect Kettlebell and indoor rowing!. Taught by Div I rowing and Strength Coaches!
not this time
Escape to the beach Tuesday! Breakfast at BBQ Beach starting at 7am. Bloody Mary bar starts at 8AM!
one of the things that helps me cope with my bipolar is hearing stories like this. There is such a stigma for us 'little folk' :)
I think we are leaving
Best party at SXSW hands down!! Thanks for making it happen!! RT : Big up Austin, Texas, USA
:-) still look good tho! So I still need to get you on the Kush Hour
um trey? Hear of him?
1 Timothy 4:12 "Don't let anyone look down on u because ur young, but set an example...in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity."
#ImSingleBecauase every time I put my trust into someone I always get hurt
Training for longer than an hour? Be sure to have carbs in a form that is comfortable for you to consume to keep you fueled
Kymani "Biggs" Marley performs tonight in Barcelona Spain for Rototom Sunplash , then back on the set of the Shottas TV series.
Dear people on NFL Network... I have a secret for you... it's Matt Ryan who missed the list
No cat theme, but something else we love! What time is the judging? Don't know if I can be there by 1
Tuscany Alley Slay, its a beautiful thing.
IN Quotes: "Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward."
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Peace in the valley is what it look like this am!!!!! Happy happy joy joy!
is not generally one to make those claims #butwhichclaims ?
Off work early!! Yaay!!
ATTENTION! Everyone should go follow He's cool peps!
long time no talk hows the story
our site has been down randomly all day. what's up with this ?
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf you try to kiss her and she kicks you in the balls
That sounded completely inappropriate.
Veterans of the TV/Film Industry - Support our Military Veterans. Tweet your thanks for their service :)
wordcrack. U know u want it!
Really enjoying the thoughts on the VMAs from tonight haha
Why not? You know the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
I wont this week ;)
What your plan for Sunday?
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10 am. Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car,Juke Box & more!
You are a rock star! Makes me miss all of you!
congrats! We need more values-driven, people-centered organizations where extraordinary things happen every day
Well done! :-) Very funny!
RT : Want to see the #SBXLVI "Behind the Scenes"? Follow me starting Jan. 30th for #SBXLVI #marketing and
Love the but it seems like I don't fit into the group of professionals that band together. Flashback "high school".
I GOT THE INTERNSHIP!!!! #biggirlstatus 👍👗👠
I was gonna say. I read both your LT blog and the Blog about Welker. great job
Wishing my hubby Ernie a happy birthday today!
It's funny how all of the so called "Rednecks" used to all act ghetto as hell ! Haha
In case you didn't get the former lawyer's allusion: "Treat 'em like a mushroom. Feed 'em a bunch of shit and keep them in the dark."
": Good morning :)<3" good morning<3
Was it love at first sight, cause I walked by last week fa la la la
OKC got it i already know
that assumes Lawrie would always recognize the robo call is correct. He'd just beat up the camera. Still,
you wear clothes geared towards men. You are still a woman.
Go Chris
anyone who plays pickup #basketball I have a great thing coming for you! plz contact me!
HI KHLOE been tweeting you for MONTHS! Wish I could be there; y'all gonna make a lotta sick babies VERY happy. Bless you!
ordered chinese food. HOLLLA
I missed part of this conversation
DM are you advocating or developing.
RT if u are in love of
that kind of thing doesn't happen in the hood!
pls follow me
I continue to live the hobo life. It's a special treat to run into other nomads on the road. Yesterday: saw J. Newland at the Hammer Museum.
Excited for the launch tomorrow
When my alarm doesn't go off and neither does my sisters?
of course it isn't, to you.
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.” - C.S. Lewis
MD: I'm still ambidextrous, just not so good at it.
Alright, let's see how many of us know this one. Fact or fiction: Reading in the dark will weaken your eyesight? Give it your best guess.
Just bought Universe in Miniature in Miniature by books. Looks just my style. Maybe some thesis inspiration
that's how i found you.
Lining your lips is fine. Great even. But Never with black. NEVER!
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
Thanks for the shoutout
Another day of learning for CPI program attendees -though I may be learning the most from discussions with instructors.
Heading into Lafayette. Looking forward to another best weekend.
Hot out
Thanks man!
great idea!
average engagement rate on Facebook is 2%
Gallo is too passive. He needs to attack like a fighting Cock.
Reason I run Win7 is to do network analysis... final network presentations done on Mac side w/Illustrator & Keynote
I have a personal facebook, but I think myspace works better for business purposes. Whats your preference?
massive thanks to all the new followers :) plz follow
Hey I Just Met Youu & This Is Crazy , But There's The Follow Botton , So FOLLOW ME , MAYBE ?
He sounds like quite the lactivist, ! Hope you are doing great. Lets catchup sometime soon- would love that!
MY MAMA IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE AND IT'S HER BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!
In case people want to change, they will. If they do not want to, it's difficult to make them do so.
Sad story. Two children die in boating accident on Clear Lake, in Beltrami Co. Details on WCCO Radio news at 5pm
interesting guess. You know is going to be at the on April 14th. You think I may be that kid huh?
500 new books so far! will donate 1 new book to kids in need for each new follower gets this week! (RT!)
Joel Anthony is so offensively challenged !
^tl also the video footage of the shop is a good selling peace for the shop, anyway i can get some of that edited for an ad?
you still following me? :)
Shoutout to I Am The Maven and Dena Lundy. Thank you for being the BEST!
don't I know it. Big plate of nachos. Snore
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to support us and President Pasquerella!
I'll be there!
Joby is just jealous Dave is hugging a tree and not him lol :D
- If I tweet myself too much I'll go blind!
Thanks for the follow , , & !
#ihate when people be all up in ya damn tweets Ctfu .. Get more followers don't read mine ^___^ #booyaaaaa lol
What athlete prays frequently, but only at weird, unexpected times? Tim Tivo . . .
Woot! Woot! Star Wars pancake molds from William Sonoma on Clearance! Guess what we are having for breakfast!
Today while I was conducting auditions this rock band did their rendition of " dat babyt don't look like me."
Gonna watch some PSYCH
Who didd you share with? RT : Man i just had the #BestCoffeeEver thank you!!
#alliclass will do twitter minutes (by me). Just getting set up. Discussing Practically Radical by William C. Taylor
Why did you guys have to remind me it's Fringe night? I've got work to do here!
Butternut squash ravs from with a little evoo and argula is officially my new cold weather favorite!
#WhenAustin sold out a concert in 10 SECONDS. RT if you're proud of him! <3
Ewww, boo, I hate fighting colds. Are you staying home from work today?
I might...MIGHT finally reach the mature conclusion that my 30 minutes really means 45.
JABBERS don't miss tomorrow's Newsletter it is packed full of great info
agreed, it was a stupid move--but it's unfortunately not surprising that kids are used as weapons in dispute between spouses
thanks to everyone for making this past weekend so good! check us out next wknd, jazzfest ain't over yet!!!
nice! I was going to ask if you read HN :) +1 to you good sir!!
Got to my 8am early? It's gunna be a good day
why yo call the only one can't get thru Storie huh?..lol
Key West I've missed you!
any tips for writing an artist's resume?
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. -Dan Quayle
whats ur thoughts on the possible landing of Jamal Crawford in Portland
Good morning tweeps!
What are your thoughts on Pinterest? Have you integrated it in your SM work yet?
Seriously. Gonna need to spend all nite catching up. RT : Hate that I'm missing all this #SWATH promo while at work!
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? (: (:
No, just thought it was a cool picture.
There has never been a status about Michigan beating on Facebook because there was no Facebook 2,921 days ago.
when someone judges a girl for drinking when they've done it plenty of times #hypocryt #gosomewhere I think you know what I mean!
if Apple would just sign you,,they would deff be the 1st #TRILLION $$$ company..U R that captivating & TITilating
Dude!! That guy looks like lol
but if you do, do it after the 5.X.X jailbreak :p
“ “: Im late, but what u need? Ima text Rif ... But ima grab a hoody and a shirt tho”<----I need a hoody to
Congrats to Ben, our intern extraordinare!
LOL. How do you know? Maybe it is included in the book!
Tell that to the steak au poivre I made courtesy of Good Eats.
Had a great time at the skating rink, (:
Death is afraid of him.
whoo buddy that brought back memories haha
David Bowie UB40
If I dont fck wit u...then I dnt fck wit u
Gold bullions in smallest units can make you free from cares, independent and free.
Today is strange already.
@ Me On Twitter So I Know It's Real !!
It's a fact, 7 out of 10 tweets that mention me are actually looking for
already there...then looking for a rally to about 1.3629
I'm planning a trip to Paris this summer. my plan includes a lot of walking and wandering. what else should I get myself in to?
- Hey! small world. You should tell her to stop by on the 18th. I'd love to meet her. I do like all things Terrell.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your teacher randomly calls on you and all you have is copied work you don't know how to do.
going to 's tommrrow
I just want to sleep. Today sucked. 👿
Shout out to the mayfair mall. I just got carded
Excellent feature documentary on the making of James Cameron's ALIENS. A must see for any filmmaker. Watch it on Youtube...
Sounds like a plan...
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken. Orson Scott Card. Activate do not respond electronically more often.MDM
Smells bomb . Ehw , she needs a shower or some . Yuck . Im not going too school .
Your way too beautiful girl
homemade pizza :p
mothers day gift: coasters or serving tray made out of wine corks? WHICH ONE!
I'm goin in
So thrilled my neighbors are apparently LARPing as Cheech and Chong. The apt smells of weed and sounds of angry over-heated baby.
Just had the same thing happen this morning. Yes, I think it's doing a uniqueness check, but you have to guess about it
that last RT was just a fail
Thank you for following me! Look forward to learning & sharing!
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE =
Green way to stay cool: Join a community pool for the summer! Community pools are much more #green!
Join us for our Fall Performance (also known as Jazz Night) 6pm at St. Philips Church (next door to the Eldon Ward YMCA)-See you there!
RT : Evening all. What's shaking?>>>You are shaking in your boots as the AB is still up and on watch. ;0
Thanks for following... I look forward to your tweets!
Still can't believe I absolutely NEED a customs stamp in order to get my tax-free refund. SO ANNOYING. Return my money, please.
RT At celebrity poker Don Lafontaine charity me and my girl lost my youngest cleaned up jack!
We will be at #Bama for their spring game. Checkout Bamawear for more details
#zager it's addictive #zager now just don't walk around and smirk
I want breakfast from the Golden Arches. Who widdit?
Youu know, i would DIE iff one direction followed me.
wish I was in #takeittothehead video :(
ASDFGHJKL ITS DICK! ;D
Your right, age has nothing to do with maturity. On the other hand your words and actions do and I have not seen much of either.
check now it says i am
“Be impeccable with your word.”
EBONY! O:<
Cabs speed mad fast.
TRAK prides itself in taking a consultative and specialized approach to placement. We promise to find your organization the right match!
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal,only when we are confident & believe we are going to win out.
She asked do you like orange juice and I replied, no, I like YOUR juice ;)
so tired after an insomnia night but its just too nice to stay in bed!
really!!! :D awww! That's so sweet! I'm working on new music, so don't forget about me k?
and tell your friends that I love them!! You guys are the sweetest people ever
my apologies to and tonite for vein more moody than a sixth grade girl who can't text anymore
so disappointed - gave my niece Harry Potter Clue for her b'day and the game board and some of the cards are missing.
are you seriously asking this question..... loll
hey i am a huge fan of you and i love the hunger games, it would mean the world to me if you followed me, no lie. =)
No kidding! That's where I moved from! Scottsdale. When are you headed out there?
Choke on a dick bitch....oh wait your used to it ha
Watched a clockwork orange last night, that movie forever changed my life.
I really want some chef boyardee ravioli$
works in progress that = a 15+ month hiatus? Got to be a better starting point. #justsayin See your point about the jobs though.
lol no mo
"SORRY JESUS" is trending and it breaks my heart to see what people are saying. If they only knew how much He loves them...
I was right (still humble) that Newt should attack Romney and not Santorum. Most pundits said it was the wrong move.
Disciplining Weber would probably have no effect on whether Torres makes that hit. Guy always plays like an asshat.
I know rite so early!
I swear the night I Christian Dior Denim Flow dropped. I didn't sleep. I just listened to it 30 times in the dark.
Preparing the Team for an epic journey to Marfa Film Festival
4th be with you - still laughing at that lol
me too. Just worked 13 hours and I might pass out any
Coffee and T.Swift, the ultimate morning combo on early days to the park
Freemium iPhone games are still out there
tweetie is also good...but is so new to twitter i thought it would be a good place for her to start :~)
Oh both my boys are allergic to milk too!~ J is 15/30 to dairy!
Last day of school awww am I going to miss it ?? Hell nah bhahah #class of 2012
Did anyone pull off an April Fools Joke?
Made two bad mistakes this weekend. I love red wines, but bought a Zinfandel in error. The second blunder was drinking it & not dumping it.
Fly on over for happy hour! $3 select local drafts, $3 rail drinks, $3 house wines.
That awkward moment when you're shopping by yourself and try on a shirt that you can't take off by yourself!
you are the best friend EVER!! I know you never make airport runs even in LA, so this is like a marriage proposal! I accept!
#catcode Oh, all right. I'll play too.
Babe wanted me to tweet so , here you go . (;
ur insane request
daughters of the confederacy of dunces for 100 please
heck yes that's us!
Social Media Tip of the Day: Give weekly insider tips. Ask your chef for fun cooking tips and share them with your fans!
You're in the back of my mind.
If you aren't going to attempt to talk to me why should I attempt?
Kimberly's about to start trading punches with Churchville LAX parents. Defend your
Q4: How do we reduce health disparities?
Going to bed everyone Goodnight
who wants me to tweet about them for my 4,000th tweet?? anyone? anyone..
You know what. Im fine with NCAA rooting out the dirty High School programs.
yes he did a fantastic job.
Not going to #PrayForLewisMighty but wish the young man the courage and fortitude I would wish for myself.
I have big dreams, dreams that are even bigger than me.
Vikings say they are encouraged...and that any deal that doesn't include Arden Hills is a no go.
Somebody hit roger in the knee and it hurt. Shake it off and get em back!!
The closet thing to the Scarlet Letter today is showing someone your masters degree in theater at your job at the dairy farm.
OK, I used to wear coolwater, (my mom still buys it for me at christmas) do you remember New West cologne?
Michael Everson "After only 8 minutes of actual exercies @ Q G I cut over 14 minutes off my Pikes Peak run to the top. www.quickgymcs.com
My office must be close to 80 degrees today
RT : I know i better get to see this summer! <3 y'all plan it & I'll be there!! imyall
OSU Hall of Famer Steve Preece on NFL concussion lawsuits and more at 7:05 on #nfl..also his assessment of Beavs
nice pic mama!
Nope not yet! :)
Leaning Wit My Yagga
it's raining its pouring . i want to be in sweat pants
doesn't your iPhone have a compass? How can you get lost??? (via ) oh yeah! There's an app for that! Saved!
Im out of here....twitter is getting ful of wannbs
#MahoneFact Austin's dad died when he was just 16 months old. RT if your sad for Austin not growing up with his dad in his life
starting my 3rd. Web of desire.
Ugh sleepy
British Garden @ Hanover Square Garden @ Premium Laces the attacks. these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm.
Are we close to the first award yet?
You can't put a price on a life, unless you sell life insurance. In that case you can put a price on an entire family at a bargain rate.
getting sick at relay for life <<<<
and I each had top 5 sickest goals of our careers last night
South Carolina with no Perry and a weak Bachmann could translate to a Santorum surprise.
People at Lowes nursery shopping for flowers...like bees on honey.
I'm tired of being treated differently because your friends make fun of me or other people do and u think its okay and it doesn't hurt me
F U
RT : I'm no business exec, but it wouldn't take SEVEN days for me to decide to to give people their money back that didnt get in
hover over the row/column and right-click (ctrl-click on a Mac).
If heaven and hell decide, that they are both satisfied, I'll follow you into the dark/:
idk you be knowing what's goin on
SOMEBODY GET A CUP OF COFFEE! This guy is putting me to sleep
so u wont be there to wave the flag today? That sucks. Had it recording while im in class at nursing school #dedication right here
I wanna get 8up tonight. Minus the alcohol poisoning n car engines lol
"Like it or not, the moment has arrived. The only thing left for you to do is show up."
"There is two kinds of music the good and bad. I play the good kind." ~Louis Armstrong
AGT going on!!
Early workout followed by early cum load down my throat at the bookstore.
Next time, for sure!
Details is looking for locals who've NEVER had their eyebrows shaped. Know someone who wld like an EyebrowMakeover call 4 Brooke 6192226777
RT : 1 year ago there was no #sschat - #sschat is what convinced me of Twitter as a place 4 learning Thank you to #sschat team!
Had to do what was right, I had to do what I had to do no matter how much I don't like it... I'm sorry, I'll always love you..
That sandwich gave me a stomach ache. oh man. haha
good morning !.
Ruby Tuesday salmon yumm
Most talented, yes. But I'll take Mizzou's 5 seniors RT That being said, I still think UK & 'Cuse (at full strength) are 1, 1A.
Bout to go pick up 10,000 insert
If you're a hipster, admit it. Better yet, just tell me you went to #sxsw. Or best yet, knock it off.
Great morning for a run on the Garfield track!
Ah, financial planning: RT if we rob a bank together later, can you say it was just research? RT
that disrespectful remix lmao
asdfghjkl; how?;o
Can you imagine a company today introducing a new candy saying, "You know what would be a good name? Milk Duds."
Warner Music posted a narrower-than-expected quarterly loss today as growth of digital sales helped compensate for declining CD revenue.
God your not only misinformed your just plain stupid.
I been great man still grinding u kno.. How is the acting going
Be prepared for the future and learn about #eldercare today
of corse not but tweeter is weak
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
thank you, yours was fantastic and professional and full of awesome.
Have you looked into lifting shoes?
I made it in 3.5 hrs despite the fury of the elements! Thanks for your concern & let's keep in touch
She truly is! I couldnt have said it any better! I love her so much <333
Stay tuned for info on how to win tickets to see a red carpet screening of Smitty!
So close to 100 followers!
Morehead St. up 57-52 vs. Louisville with 4 minutes left. Potential upset?
I finally have cable and internet!!!
Having kids cuts into my sleep time significantly. I was just catching up on the #iroadtrip !!. cc:
I hate eating with girls. I can't eat like the pig that I am. I have to eat all neat and take small bites and constantly wipe my face. ☹
I remember those days. Just slap a headband on, throw some stupid big earrings on, and good to go.
hey, - Michelle just reminded me that we met you before we moved here. While we were in Madison. dude...
aw, thanks guys!
Why is it that I have always been there for you, but you cant be there for me.
#YoloIsNotTheAnswer to be spreading diseases........ Wrap It Up!!!!!!!!!!!!
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Don't be black
This weekend! I miss you so much cutie!! 😘
Lmao! Really, ?? lmao is speaking the truth.
selling BBQ sauce to a woman in white gloves is very easy for you.
I can only do Twitter for a few minutes at a time & then I have to leave before the addiction kicks in. Bye.
Cards win and gunshots go off through parking lot of complex. Rolling Hills you cease to amaze me.
I'm seriously so tired of the assholes on my bus.
“: If you have a loving family and good health, you have everything. #serioustweet” this made my heart stop. #truth ☺
Nice win Rory!
but we all don't get what we want, huh ? but ya know what, at least i have em in my life, & honestly, that's what matters to me the most :)
How long does it take to get hot water from the sink if your are from #Alaska?? does anybody know??? it takes 10min here
So enjoy the show for me too <3 :) I'm so sad all the times I went you were not there.. it's not fair !
Billy White will be the key.
She's doing great!
on to finals
That moment when I realize I'm wrong in the middle of an augument.
Is it hurricane-ing there? are you okay?
Just got back from the midnight premiere of The Avengers. It's UH-MAY-ZING. Now I shall sleep and dream of *spoilers*...
thnx for the follow, always interested in talking to other audio creatives.
Watched the movie Dream House last night. Might be one of the most depressing movies I've ever seen.... depressing and weird.
Yea I know what to do, turn your fucking cell phone off and leave it in your pocket.
Roger. Sterling.
day beautiful in lucid greyness...
Happy Friday!
#ItsHardTo aim for success if you don't have GOALS of why you need to become successful to achieve your dreams
they are hard to tell apart. But zombies wear real lenses in their glasses.
excellent. Needed more coffee
Photobomber Trolls Tourists at Leaning Tower of Pisa [VIDEO]
Your #tbt proved you was ugly back in the day .. Ha fall off with this internet celebrity shit doe
Iran has condemned to death Christian pastor simply for converting from Islam. Save Iran's Pastor!
Is it one for a game this year or a past one?
I measure my life by how happy people are to actually SEE me. So far, so good :D Of course, some still RUN
hey,follow me back please..
“A blanket that has arms to hold you when you are sad, now that's what I call a comforter.⁰” Jarod Kintz
I just don't watch TV except for Big Bang Theory, True Blood, and Doctor Who. So I don't have a deluxe cable package.
Check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
Tell those people to calm the hell down!
Will be at the match with a few folks. Hoping for big things from my first trip to Toyota Park!
thanks for the shout, Steve.
Awesome! Agree. Fun to follow careers of these great guys.
where the heck is your mama
Morning. Checkout my videos.
No bank executive cleans up the glass & debris, but paycheck-to-paycheck employees get hosed.
It's a quote, it's not from me.
marinate and grill, no smoke.
Gotta agree with folks who are panning #Syracuse for these #1 shirts. Act like you've been there before.
My revenue page is still not right. Are they still working on the system or do I need to turn in a ticket?
Thanks for a lovely lunch, and
Hi Everyone :)
Thanks for following Peter. I hope all is going well with you. 1990? What a gift!
thanks for checking in. I think I got where I needed to go. It frustrated me more than helped me.
a few times. We just turned on the heat so it's much better now.
i miss middle school when my essays were crappy as heck and I still got A's on them :( now i actually have to try.
- no one ruins your relationship. your gf cheats & lies to you . thats YOUR fault . shutup already
Stay warm my friend!!!
how do i change my timezone on my account?
Sitting down to screen a doc about "chemtrails"
The Enterprise Engagement Expo launches at the New York Incentive show to great fanfare then closes down their happy hour ONE HOUR EARLY?
I can't help you with the test...but I can help light candles afterward? Just let me know!
YouTube Hits 130 Million Unique Monthly Visits
Say Wat U Mean N Mean Wat U Say
Three pots of ihop coffee, half a cigarette and stress do not make for a happy stomach.
ha! private school auction tonite.. just got things cleaned up and now i'm winding down.
Don't walk...run to download Planetary for the iPad. It's a very cool way to organize your tunes.
tonight: Throwing Candy When The Pack Receive Their Super Bowl Rings!
Thanks! We had MASHED POTATOES (we saved you some) and honey mustard pork chops with tons of veggies....m! Good!
check my tumblr. i added alot more photos
my brother is so nerdy . i still love him though , (:
NP! Unfortunately I was on the move. I do hope you enjoyed it!
with scarves of red tied round their throats to keep their little heads from falling in the snow and i turned round and there you go
rofl yes an win in reg season struggles is postseason
I am member of the "Late Bloomer Generation" and proud of it.
Thanks! We're knocking 'em out as fast as we can.
I tweet therefore I am.
the #greatestgadgets ever invented! the vibrator, it does one thing that men can't do, keep a woman happy they should rename it Clitar Hero!
Sorry about your loss...I'll pray for you and your family <3 you
Friends of PIR is excited to be on Twitter.
Not 8 on 5, that's the Hawks game, shoot jumpers entire game. Need to force the issue and MAKE refs call fouls
LMFAO RT : You think that just cuz ur down to fuck me, I'm down to hit that?
What is going on
thanks for mentioning us, looking forward to next year!
keep it up I see you!
& did a GEEAT JOB of getting the crowd ready for !!
you are so right!
Boy am i pissed wfter last night...
The one person daht i can count on to talk to
JENGA AND JUICE IN TWO HOURS AT MOE BAR!
Reps should punt 2012 presidential elections. A win will do more damage to the conservative cause. Bench incl. Christie, Rubio, Ryan, Jindal
is right. we do miss your writing. Can we get an encore post Asap:)
ah, the misspelling of the Ashton methinks “: You mean made a movie??? I knew she was funny, but...”
we love national geographic!
Gearing up for the Polar Bear Plunge
ha it does!(; #justkidding:P
just go follow already!!!
At noon going to library liaison forum: panel of PhD students describe their library wants & needs. Will let you know what I learn...
Can I have one??
follow me thats my name on tumblr
LAPTOP TIP: Optimize your battery life when not plugged in by lowering your screen brightness & only running 1 program at a time. ^jl
I am fall-asleep-in-my-clothes-tired. Oy.
we are an online startup that is selling ties :) thesilktie.com
MT : It's always about the people - and embracing innovation with no fear of failure.
Thank you for recommending our site. Much appreciated
Was trimming my stache and I got a white hair in my eye. 1st time thats ever happened. U know how hard it is 2 see a white hair in an eye
getting chased by aggressive dogs is one of my most traumatic memories of Brooklyn childhood
starting pitching wise theyre good, can't say otherwise
TunnelFact #16: 90 Feet of Tunnel = the Seattle P-I (at it's $90M asking price). www.tunnelfacts.com
The art of fashion is everywhere just walk outside and explore
This is my temporary icon until I find a better one:p
If we did daylight savings on dec 31, we could have twice the amount of NYE parties.
hey do you want to go out?;P Jk haha
And of course we feature many listings that aren't on either of those sites.
What a blessing NY!
I need a job
though, speaking of ron paul, every time i go out on break, which has been frequent today, there is a car with a full back
lol so thats what u were doing in math class
Bottle of Sangria from Spain that's wearing a mini sombrero.
Great finale!..Belated congrats on new arrival.
6 Cali shows and not one in either Seattle or Vancouver? K thanks
That wind "whipping out towards right" is the shit I get to walk home in tonight. Gusts nearing 40mph.
I remembered today how much harder I work at something when someone tells me I can't do it than what someone tells me I can.
Perhaps you'd like to purchase the less popular NOBODY POOPS BUT YOU.
anytime young Jedi. You're welcome to join my Tuesday night beginner series for hands on help. 7pm
lol riding a bus to down town
thaaaaankkkk you :D will do haha
Pride of Cincinnati's first Tweet. We're so excited for the season to begin! See you soon!
It's not something I do all the time, but when I dont really have anything else, it can add a little flavor.
Pro-Love Rally today at 10:00 am at the Georgia State Capital. Come see what LOVE looks like.
I need to finish #TheIronKing tonight!
"Everybody's just a stranger but that's the danger in going my own way" - Wish I had a friend right now.
Great day in the
ALL New homeowners at The Beacon who follow us receive 10% off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
Hi Brian, are you guys doing any hiring for developers over there at Ticketleap?
I'm heading to Portland with a bunch of coworkers or an annual coffee trade show
Pulled a muscle in 'Asphalt Abs' class last night. Spending the day on the couch watching GREEK on Netflix + drinking beer. I'm so fratty.
Only 4 more days until The Black Keys play at the Rose Garden! I can't wait!!!
RT : As a founder you dream of days where your phone rings from new customers...99% of time it takes years of outbound
yes yes it is that would be your 97 Camry.....
We want to hear your favorite stories from the Wild Canyon Games, please share them here on our WCG facebook page!!
You know your social media firm's services are dated when the 1st source of new content on your RFP is MySpace & is met w/10min of laughter
not at all. I loved it. dragged a bit in the middle but I thought it was really enjoyable to read
Make sure you follow us, so that you can get update via DMs. Its not advised to share such details in public.
Just when I gave J. Smith a compliment he shoots the long jump shot instead of driving.
:3 love you maya
Jude, I think you may need to change your password...got a bogus message from ya.
Thanks for all the love on philanthroper.com we surpassed our target with $711.
I ain't tryna sound like a typical teenager, but why the fuck you gotta be this fuckin irritating?
"WARREN WOLF" on the Mack Ave label. W/ & Greg Hutchinson. Get your copy cause it's hot!
Sure. Send it.
yay Zoe!!!! Worst movie ever but great night :)
It just hit me that today is officialy my last day of high school. I don't know it I should cry or jump for joy. :/
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
Another fun fact fr earlier: 90% of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphones.
One touch begets another, and one good kiss guarantees it
Busy week but lots of accomplishment!
I'm going to start only voting for the candidate with the hottest wife. Still Obama.
It sounds like Bob is delivering a charge to
Be nice to someone for no reason. You never know when you’re going to need someone to be nice to you for no reason.
brb losing 20kg for when one direction come back.
I just need you to set me free. Just shine on me.
#LMSunSIG analytics: snhu just got new service from BB giving them access to full data- open data base
Yup, I love it when a plan comes together!
Chris Johnson. Bing.
THEY'RE SO CUTE
wish I'd done air cadets, it sounds really fun
Tricks are for kids
How does the popo tell a mute person they have the right to remain silent? They sure ain't got freedom of speech :o
Back from Key West and ready to jump on another plane as soon as humanly possible.
same here. *I mean* my allergies started to act up around that time...
I like it!
Most popular item at #SXSW are power outlets. had a guy walking around where you could plug into his shirt for juice, unique promo.
So what's the solution? My iPhone 4 worked great, however my 4S is very inconsistent.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it
No way, #ENFP not capable of violence ;) RT How come the phrase "kitten with a whip" comes to mind...
Sending metta to the mothers of Niger!
A foolproof trick to make your computer go faster: throw it out the window. Lol
Thanks ! For more information about sales innovation resources, visit www.ciab.com/resources.
been writing all day and working on Tom Young's EP... really cool stuff, excited to get the rest of the vocals tracked and finish it
discusses platform obsolescence which threatens to erase digital culture in
We’re happy to hear you’re a fan! Which bar is your fave? RT: Sunbelt granola bars >>>>
Why do I get anxiety taking my car for an oil change. I feel like a mommy taking their baby for a doctors appt. ah
Getting ready for the chapter election #NFBI Chicago Chapter...
“ Girls: if he is dumb enough to walk away be smart enough to let him go and not chase em”
Goodnight ! I love you! :* sleep with Lil B & learn some cooking skills so you can show me. Sweet dreams fucker. :)
I love my softball girls. I'm gonna miss all of you 😢💜
When Liam reads your Kik and doesn't answer... Kay
thank you!! I love her so far.
And im headed to my great grandmas for Sunday Dinner!
Are all those courtside at #heat games required to look like Pitbull?
Renny is all dark side on the leash. let her off...best dog in the world.
hhhhhheeeeyyyyy im gonna try da tiny chat again ook girl
Just had tech rehearsal for a sketch show at #secondcity. Usually tech at a theatre lasts two days. I think I was there an hour. Nice!
I know right. When you find em, send them my way! hahahha
Monday!!! Excited and happy, scary ;)
I deliver freedom........ check my profile for details...
OH GAWWWD!!!! NOW IT'S #POOKIE! Lord have mercy!
Don't boo injured players, bad karma.
You're welcome grammar class
I JUST WANT TO LAY AROUND AND WATCH 90'S CARTOONS \(ツ)/¯
RT : The other signs aint got nothing on #Leo, thats for sure.
You Bitches Aint About That Life .
Double play! Heading to the bottom of the 10th!
Hi Kim you look so happy
So sad, bad sportsmanship
Go get your banana on!
Networking for love follows the same path as #networking from scratch: you begin by asking yourself what your passions are.
“: RT : Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone dress up in Ape outfits.”
There are 66 books in the Bible and today is Sunday January 15th with 66 days until Spring :D
Walk to Washington Square Park for lunch to find "occupy love" and a bunch of people singing love songs
See some of you tomorrow - I'll be tweeting live from !
Taught @ two PWIs during grad school. Ive seen many a white boy @ Fri morn disc section reeking of pot and in a hoodie.
Do you know...is Casablanca playing in PDX tomorrow? Thx. D.
Dont forget to follow the Bridging the Gap: Careers in Social Media Conference on Friday!
They are hard. You're lucky you're not taking it.
But H&M is way better than all those stores 😁
today went by soo fast
#FF offseason NFL inside info and analysis
Wait so you're actually not allowed to hit people with your car?
nicely done! I've got 3K to catch up on myself--thanks for the motivation :)
Blame the early morning profanity on Dwyane Wade.
Nikki Russell has just dorkified me, Dork Diaries style!
Sales rocks.
Oh shit! Is #ManU getting robbed?
lmao "I will kick your ass all the way back to Australia"
#govwalker: after the recall, voters on both sides will realize recalls should only be for big issues, like misconduct in office
Baby moma drama
LOVE IT!!!
We've reached halftime here in Virginia with the Locos trailing 17-3
Send your questions about sales to and on the 1st Friday of the month I’ll post a video response to my favorite.
Have bought my Hunger Games ticket for Friday. The odds of this movie being amazing are definitely in my favor.
I think I'm just awesome like that :)
My first stab at homemade tzatziki sauce has ended in total failure :(
How the hell do you get out of the "BUILD" menu in Empires and Allies?!
Thanks for the retweet!
I left my phone charger in the studio on Monday. Luckily, it's still here!
Happy to say I made my Miami Herald debut today. Time to keep it moving.
“Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.” - Dorothea Lange
#scms12 anne Moore sees teaching the moving target as a "crisertunity"(sp?). She binges on serials (resist the pun!).
are you jamaican? cuz your jamaican me wanna have sex with you ;)
Does anyone else crack eggs the way they do because of Sabrina?
Had to nix a 1:30am dress-up party for two giggly girls. Coffee is good!
Haha! RT ": I ate gas station ribs in Shively for lunch today, and was okay with that because a large black woman cooked them"
sure thing Senuri! And thank you!
What prevents syndicators from creating their own, similar badge program? e.g.: MLSProvided®
To conquer others is to have power to conquer yourself is to know the way
Ronnie Mcpherson and he said you could have his number to interegate him because he knows it means a lot to me.
Also, I almost brought raw onions into the office. would've killed me.
Yup, at home for a sanity check. It was too early, so the BBQ wasn't out yet. But, that website found me a quiet zone. So a push.
Defense or lose..let's go mavs
I see that you have yours!
Begins to pick at manuscript, pours a drinkie-poo instead.
when its gloomy and rainy I love it....when its sunny and warm I love it!
lmfao forreal bruh what'd i do, i be state to state , where u from
hahaha that made me laugh ! Lol
Are you ready for Easter baking? We have sanding sugars and sprinkles in pretty pastels to get you in the spring spirit!
come visit us at work tonight !!
ha, boy lol
Pretty Good! How is yours?
Short Week ahead
I swear, I love MY Freshmen.
Email from acct you used at sign up. Use subject line BOOMER. We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
For a nominal fee, a factoring company provides services to speed up processes to allow companies the funds to grow their business.
What did Joey Votto do?
Again it was it should be brotherhood, humanity, and chivalry
I love you please answer the direct message I sent you
be safe brotha
Good morning. Google Earthing China. Going there in April. Have an art show. Very excited
Bad Girl Club Reunion
thank you for the RT :)
Naww I'm still super sick, I'll totally be sleeping by then lol thank you though!
#UScaredMeWhen you had trash in your frig and said it was part of holloween celebration
Just found out is coming to Columbus tonight. Needless to say, I'm amped. Have a nice day!
Did anyone else just see Eli block for Bradshaw?
work ina few ;( ugh i love my job cause it pays the bills but i hate working on the weekends ughh
Everybody this a fake twitter so all yall who was talkin to rahrahnicole your gay cuz it was a boy talkin to yo ass biotches
hey where have u been? hiding off twitter....
Happy mother's day to the best mom i know!
RT : An exciting Linnea's Lights event happening tomorrow! Stay tuned tmrw morning and we will announce it!
RT : More time we spend opening our imaginations and experience the cleansing process of journaling, we hit gold.
'Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me, keep a hundred in the duff b, a couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me Eww'
who doesn't know how to run bases? What a sad farewell to the Metrodome...
should be more worried about underachieving every year with Top 10 talent,instead of taking shots at former players.Pathetic.
Yes--it was previously at several different nearby locations and has two separate sections, "Central" and "Liquor"
thanks for the follow fam
*weekends* Normal Girls: IT'S PARTY TIME! Me: *Sits on computer and spends the whole day on Twitter tweeting Austin Mahone*
What bars would you like to see the Pedal Mill stop at? Looking to expand our list of bars that will give our riders specials
I love
Great opening remarks at !
Just gonna lay here!! <3
Feel-good weather in the Chi today, so feel good, let it wash over...
It didn't go so well.
: Thanks for the inspiration!
only can match my stripe game
GREAT news! I've signed a multi-year extension w ... thanks to all the loyal BFT listeners who make this show go
Right. In your dreams.
$2 subs for lunch are the best! Thanks for sharing, !
Well done on the bench press today my friend, but not surprising!
Sometimes we do everything right, and we still lose.
Love doesn't stop fast.
Well there is one right over by wal greens that might be why they took it out haha
Might be my favorite.
At safeway shopping and Pour Some Sugar on Me is playin'. Ah yeah.
It feels so good to have nothing planned for a saturday...
Newark Pride Alliance is co-sponsoring "Turn My Swag On" Black & Latino Masculinity & Educational Outcomes. DM for more info
Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will play for the title at the Dubai Tennis Championships after both won semifinal matches Friday.
15 minutes & I completed my midterm, oh yeah!! :)
no way bring on the heat!!!!
421 Million #Facebook Shares are out for grabs today!
How will #Steelers screw up next drive? A)ill-timed fumble, b) bad Ben pick, c) reverse that loses 7 yards or d) crippling holding penalty
Getting ready to see "Big the Musical". One of freinds is the play.
Just for #fun, work "grandma's cobbler" into every conversation today.
RT : Some weird shit happening in the NBA Playoffs thus far and we're only 3 days in...
OTOH, Hitler had better hair than
I love when Twitter decides when I can and can't Post or RT something!
Should I go blonde?
Getting into that zone.Very EDGY...Thats a good thing,but I hate being around me when I'm like this.
Thank you:) RT ": followed.”
Love to! Giving a talk at on 11/1 that you may appreciate as well. Great to meet you and thanks for the offer.
~Forgiveness is a promise, not a feeling. When you forgive other people, you are making a promise not to use their past errors against them~
no... I still have like over 500 words left
Such is the inconsistency of real love, that it is always awake to suspicion, however unreasonable; ...
Man I should get my team bacc up n runnin
do you think it serves more relevance ?
Trying to figure out what to do for Christmas since we don't do Christmas. I hope Harold lets me sleep in. :Z
Our life is hid in Christ... Get all into him and find the life you were destined and purposed to live!!!
"If Britney Spears can get thru 2007....YOU can get thru today."
its the last dance u'll ever get the chance to do!
I'm really glad I decided to stay out and burn myself to a Lobster state yesterday. It's making today at work so freakin' enjoyable. SMH..
I seriously love and so much. They're the perfect couple.
The downside to reading before bedtime is that the book sticks with you and makes it hard to sleep.
hey gurl hay! Was the lady there that clotheslined when he fell?
I would describe the majority of my tees as "sassy."
Joe, can I be your stowaway?
Good Morning! :)
love it in portland, Or!!!!!
So...that double shot of expresso was not the best idea... #whohastheshakes #ido In related news, I am so very awake!!!!
I trust your reasons :) I am doing well - thanks for asking. Ready for summer!
hope you had fun today! Can't wait until we hang out again!
Finally made it to my buddy Issa's spot known as (been a yr) having a beer out of their tap...learning bout life & wine
Sleep all day sounds so good today.
Ok I Cant think of nun right now
no way! I tried it the other day & now I'm addicted
for earn lcick this link
I'm at Florence & Normandie - sitting, thinking. Anniversary of the start of the 1992 LA (Rodney King) Riots is in two weeks (cc )
One last full-length practice before the #MURFC 2011 Season debut! We'll have to see what kind of support the locals have for us today......
Can you please follow me #Beliebers always loving you
Its been a year since we first saw the boyz......it doesnt feel like a year. Lol
i'll make sure im there!
My love of ImprovEverywhere aside the No Pants Subway prank was way cooler before it became mainstream.
the mothers are true warriors do everything to raise their children
The Coachella stream on YouTube is amazing and the fact that I'd rather be watching from my couch proves I'm old.
“: Good morning and Happy Friday. My status for the day comes down to two words: #Articulate #Storyline :)” Me too!
dude so did I! It sounded like somebody was tapping on my window! It scared the crap outta me!
LOST fans get so pissed when you make them realize that the smoke monster is dumb
work work work working out
yes were berry excited and have 6th row floor seats! :) gonna be perfect!!!:)
'Quat's up? Just-made-fresh loquat smoothie with fruit handpicked from the backyard. Oh hellz yaysh!
thanks!! I think I was just looking in the wrong spot!! Haha :)
reppin DC all day everyday.
Someone on the #Celtics NEEDS to help
“: Houston Chronicle is reporting that Judge Dietz has set school fiance trial date for Oct. 22.”
no problem, that's my job as your best friend to make your bday special! I love you! btw my day is next as you know(;
Off to # topgolf for some family fun
I'm tired of being what you want me to be Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface I don't know what you're expecting of me
TRAFFIC: One Lane Closed - NB Park St @ Beld St - Closed TFN for an overnight police investigation
WTF spongebob you dont know what organic kelp is?! its 2012 man!!
#sportingkc really doing OK considering understandable fatigue. Gotta get one back.
well, thank you hot stuff!
What is your favorite Colorado Hike? Outward Bound's taking it to the trail this Satruday for a free Day Hike in Boulder...come on out!
I just noticed the avi change..nice pic. *smiles*
no, those are sweet
I like her she speaking some real stuff right now
Oh man! They are building an H&M in downtown silver spring where borders was! Wtf! Why didn't someone tell me!! Yeah I'm excited. Sorry.
we should! But we shouldn't...
I'll admit it...I watched a little bit more Phineas and Ferb than I would've liked to. But it was Platypus Day.
Yes! I'm so pumped!
Another baby in the movie theater!!! SMH
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Cloudy day in C-TOWN.... loves me some GA
batshit crazy is what she is.
Alshire suggests that "free enterprise" system better for job creation than incentives
The day will happen whether or not you get up. - John Ciardi
#letsbehonest How many people actually believe that Jesus is the one and only Son of God? I know I do! But do you?
I've never felt more cheated in a class than anatomy...got a 98, 92, and a 90 on 3 of the 4 exams but somehow got a B
Thanks for coming to the wine tasting! Get me your email so I can send you the link!
The biggest failures come round and spring ultimate surprises of survival. ~ Jack White
Transfer your pix from camera to tablet and pc using your Wireless SD Flash Drive
Somaphony will be featured in our first national print magazine veddy veddy soon. Will give more details when I get my copy! woot woot.
Waterloo native is foster care all-star, helping others - Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier
Lmao! I didnt take it serious. idk how I unfollowed u. it wasnt on purpose love. I Swear. lol.
her eyes were jus closed lol..
at least his station is no longer making reference to "Governor Mormon"
That's awesome!
hahaha lol ok he says thanks! and dw I was loling to... (sorry dad)
RT : RT : Aaron Cook will start for Red Sox Saturday
Dear new followers :) Please tweet us if you want us to follow you! <3
Let's delete "epic" from our vocabulary, please. It's overused and overrated.
love it!
Sadly(?), this actually made me laugh.
All around me is sliver and gold but my heart never heals. My heart only feels like stone
Get at me on instagram trae57 WELCOME TO MY WORLD❕❕❕❕
You're not fat..you're just easy to see (:
Lol, sadly yes. The venue has already been created.
thank you,sir. Nothing but good times all weekend
MY BACKYARD JUMPING GAT IT LOOKING LIKE A BBQ SLABS ON DA WHOP SAME SIZE AS A BARBIE SHOE UM CHUBSTACK STACK CHIPS CUZ DATS ALL WE DO
-- Well, I just hope this isn't true. If so, I'd be crushed.
I dreamt last night that I was best friends with Oprah.
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
Bitch you eat a dick. My hydro long time virgin
You know I'm upset if I'm watching The Office with commentary
Great panel on Making Connections led by w/ You are all brilliant!!
im different, im not lyk others, u see me as one but wen i see me...i see me into pieces...:/
I think soo
everything else looks awesome!
Classy people listen to country
This is how you take care of business
