In my sleep deprivation, I bought Christmas presents. This will not end well. I stopped before I used bill money though! :D
The thing that sucks about my girlfriend's period is that it's my fault if she has one and it's probably my fault if she doesn't.
true story! Amateurs.... :)
no sorry, it's a ticketed event and all 200 tix sold out in 2 days! U can try 2 get 1 at the door if anyone cancels.
oh sunday nights, if only monday mornings didn't follow you..
my Bionic keeps losing signal.have to toggle airplane mode and back few times to get back to 3G or 4G. 2nd bionic doing this.
Unfortunately, you are correct. We do have inexpensive six packs though! What are you looking for?
Closer than close! RT : 138 hours to graduation.
Here we go Brewers here we go! WTB Rickey Weeks
re: Rebranding-What are audience #s? My daughter is in college.She & her friends don't watch docs.They read non-fiction books.
"My achilles heel is love"
Happy Saturday Everyone!!! hope you are all doing something fun?!
": This is why #Scorpios are associated with the phoenix rising, nothing ever really gets them down"
chillin! I can't sleep ! :'c
Top 5 sack leaders over the last 2 seasons. 1 current Chief. 2 Former
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
Playing in the shop right now - Stray Cats: Built For Speed, on vinyl.
You look adorable!
I feel like i'm #losing today.
a walk to remember!! That movie is raw!
I guess the Giants like playing from behind
hngjdhs i know but like why is he still in the spotlight?? i thought he faded away like 2 years ago lmao
RT : "Thank god saint Patrick's day is over #toodrunk #needtosleep"
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why, but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye!
We are so glad you enjoy the service. Happy eReading!
that makes no sense at all! What a holes! I hope he is ok!
Great day of filming,footage looks great...pics..great! Follow us on fb for everything. Last Breath: A Shay Lucas Film for more ...
“: Hustle+ Mustle = Success! I like that math...” yes sir....Fab
get 2 large please! Pepperoni
Looks like will lose his bet w/ , unless #Hawks COMPLETELY fall apart in 4th.
What's up Poo??
what is this all about?
All the Argento continues. OPERA, tonight, in 35
#dropbox wiki thanks - on ubuntu, tomboy notes are nice: can edit and synch w/one.ubuntu.com - says works on mac /win
thanks for the follow. Always learn so much from you!
any chance y'all will add more 6:30 a.m. #BootcampBarre classes throughout the week? Lurb!
This time Natalie tweeted tinged with romance
nba economics class “: Jus got my first check...finally understand TAXES...smdh...time for work”
what's next weekend?
Thanks!! Much appreciated
The neighbors across my studio are painting a room Crayola 8-pack Green. I kinda love it for the garishness.
whatup with that alcohol
Be your own Prince Charming. Rescue yourself from the castle.
STILL PEEING
(AP) -- Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary.
Is the sky blue, is the Pope catholic, etc.? RT Come on Tweetdeck. Don't fail me NOW!
Inchworms found on my person yesterday: 3. I ran through about 5 gauntlets of them.
It's funny how most music today is about how much the guy wants to hook up with you, when all the Beatles wanted to do was hold your hand.
Breakfast of champions.... Leggo
Wound up spending the day with my uncle from Virginia and my grandma, back from Arizona. Life is good.
I can't wait for tomorrow because it holds every dream that I have ever had...
I'm Sorry I got you upset. I love you
This was amazing!!!!
Yo wanna go to the draft tomorrow night w me and the boys? I have an extra ticket
We are hearing you...
I need a cigarette
Thanks for the RT Jeff!
Yes. It's on Facebook.
Great! See you there! RT : Great NYC Weekend: and NYTimes Travel Show. Looking forward to both!
stinks to be you!
yr blog posts are my illicit bedtime-w-the-iPhone stories. Tremendously enjoy yr writing. Any Belleville/menilmt food recs?
Here comes trouble: mom just showed up with huge honkin pack of oreo cookies.
#nyy #yankees No teams puts a more pronounced shift on TEX than Tampa (Madden actually was the first). If the situation calls for it..(cont)
Making arrangements to host the next East Midlands Young Planners event, the week commencing the 6th November (further details to follow)
I lovee when youtube famous people think they are famous...
I think so - Sunday night and Monday probably...may need to be a +1 :)
All Hail Ales Nos. 15 (bier de garde) and 16 (schwartzbier) bubbling along quite nicely. All they need now is winter weather to lager in.
Loving my new iPad. Think I'm officially (finally) becoming a Mac person
@ school. teacher's like bitching at all of us -_-
So awesome... thought I was was the only one who got those calls!
"Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new."—Henry David Thoreau
challenge ACCEPT-TE--------Z.
Plz plz follow plz!!!!!!! She is awesome and she follows back!
was #winestorming last night, then got sad when I stormed too much and ran out of wine!
4 Kenyans, including presidential candidate, Uhuru Kenyatta, to stand trial at the Haque for 07 post election violence. via NYTimes
Thank you Vivian!
Hamilton. again.
Thanks. It's definitely a bummer.
Yeah, I would probably be filing for an exemption rather than FULL HUMAN RESEARCH REVIEW.
China Cracks Down After Chen Escape - Wall Street Journal
sadly we don't live in that world
RT - I wonder who came up with #ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis ? LOL. - No kidding huh? #TooFunny!
Tonight is the night for season finales, and so far so good.
Thanks for joining us on air this morning, !
im boreeeeddd D:
The Rufus Wainright video stars Helena Bonham Carter as a Librarian!
Under draft strategic plan for #uwgb Weidner Center, mission would be "To delight, educate and inspire"
Love your site idea and a user of it myself. What is your skype or email conact info?
there's no excuse for bad oral hygene.
um I didn't say anything about "fat" fingers...
I won a great bracelet at tonight!
if you weren't #totallyawesome, I wouldn't have said so..,
Dinner date with my sister :]
I love you , you rock
I want some good seafood
I got us lights for
oh i got ya, you aint tryna give me mandi's ticket though lmao
Got AC in the yo #blessing thank you Jesus...
If you want to stand out, don't be different, be outstanding. Meredith West
thank you love your tweets XO
NO I AM NOT TWEETING MYSELF JESSICA IS ON THAT ACCOUNT
RT just for the heck of it . (;
headed to #usnatarchives right now. awesomeness expected.
truly appreciate the support:)
i know i know!! everybody has been telling me, its nice to have people supporting me!
Law enforcement sources tell us it was a small amount of coke and Ecstasy for personal use
Reminiscing on the Nintendo, gameboy & Sega days
If u arent #following my radio show or my company u still can!
OMG I'm gonna do it like right NOW!!!!
Get special! This wknd's special is the RAMON OMELET! A mix of Chorizo, black bean, cheddar with fire roasted salsa on top! Have one. Now!
Who the hell knows what the Hornets ever did to him. Hmm, maybe a dislike of Shinn. But no excuse.
HEY. ~Dana
“: piss the futon bro” #tommyswag I figured as much. I was pretty wet, rolled around outside tho too haha
Idk wtf my neighbors are doing but they need to stop making all that noise
FITzees, you're gonna LOVE our new #PizzaPasta! It's whole wheat penne w/ turkey sauce, chicken sausage, mozzarella, spices, and basil!
The show "It's Worth What?" would be interesting if it was hosted by a robot that very simply introduced items, rather than Cedric the Moron
#TeamTim! cc: RT : What a moment! Welcome to twitter !
I know your somewhere out there...somewhere far away. #teamjammer is here to stay. We ain't going away!
#FF :) shes amazing and a inspiration to us <3
he's a gem! won't stay in England and should go to a team where he can play regularly, the goals will keep flowing..
RI holiday lighting contest announced - Quad City Times RI holiday lighting contest announced Quad City Times The Rock Island Beautificat
you remember when your interactions were showing you when people followed you in July? Yeah. I'm having the same problem.
I JUST #RETWEETED LIKE 50+ OF TWEETS WHY BECAUSE THEIR JUST THAT GOOD NOW U GO SEE FOR YOURSELF AND FOLLOW! HE'LL GET U FOLLOWERS!
Omaha, ne. Next stop Denver.
I know I can be a jerk sometimes, and yeah I can be mean a lot, but you know I tried many times to apologize to you for it.
“: When you meet someone special...you'll know.Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
What a gorgeous day!
Interesting narrative in #Frontline's Part 3: that POTUS got swayed by Geithner 2 B soft on banks; ltr by Rahm 2 toughen up on them.
why aren't there more meeting like this???
"A man may fail many times but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else." - J. Paul Getty
cranberry juice :D
Why wont i fall asleeeeppp
was just messing around like saying he realized he stunk last year
I dnt follow bck people that dnt mention me , so if u wanna follow bck u better mention me
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💗
finally? Only took me like..uhh..every 3 months ;)
great tweet
and Julia <3 u too!
im not a beef kinda guy. turkey's my thing
RT : The Truth won't change just because you get offended easily.
RT : RT : You're whispering and looking at me. I know you're talking about me, Dumbass.
you literally said "pretty major"
Did you see the 'White Teeth' miniseries? Loved both books and wondering the same thing about adapting her...
I love you so much
Watching the new stone cold Steve Austin DVD. I think it's funny now he understands Eric Bischoff move
I think I will be going to the beach tomorrow :-)
get ready to see me in the neon safety vest at noon, folks
Yoga room, sushi, pinkberry, peet's coffee. Where am I?
Dusted off my bash/expect script knowledge this evening and saved myself an hour of clicking & cut-pasting. Not too shabby.
Out of work :D
I wuda been SOL if my ball wuda fell off somewhere else
Stopped at Denny's to eat hoping I didn't have to wait 45 minutes for my food.
When you know better, you do better.
Hola tweeps! We'll be closed this Monday for the holiday. Enjoy.
says, "the audience shapes the brand."
#bigtennetwork hey. I'm trying to watch a football game. Stop going to commercial during drives.
Two Beagles Bakery would like to thank all our great customers & supporters by offering free cookies tomorrow today. We'll also be...
": “: ": “: love #oomf who texts me goodnight every night”oh me!" oh yeah!”so me?" obv
why? Everyone else is putting shit up..
I love watching Irvin fight! Not a lot to watch when you knock someone out in 8 seconds though.
Justin Timberlake I have always supported measures and principles and not men
for appetizers they have lobster crab oysters tuna shrimp everything but there's break meatballs and now were getting dinner
Inspired by all of the amazing people I met at my first conference
can't even imagine!
love --great insights
thanks for the RT Osonoi-San!
If they can cure Magic Johnson's HIV they sure as fuck should be able to fix Mikey J's parkinsons.
When I write cursive it looks g af.
best PG in the league
Just finished another round of Headshots for Haiti. Raised another $207 today, bringing the grand total raised to $2200
Vincent IT won SEO project in travel domain. A word press site to be optimized for their customers in U.S.
Ouch, Jason that hurts. You promised to help me. Remember cuz I asked first?
look for me on sunday night! ill be the one with a, "Matty Ice=Mr.Softee" sign
Miami Dolphins undrafted rookie free agents sign deals
Finally saw 21 Jumpstreet it was hilarious!
you watch Smash too??
Well your words before were prophetic ... now they are down by 3.
Winter where are you?
Remember when they asked why he changed his name to Meta Worldpeace and he said "just because" hahaha, this fool
i completely understand! I am traveling for work next week for a week. Totally booked!
at a stoplight lol
I just re-read this in context - I was attempting to poorly correlate man-card to clinic bombing... it was all around fail :)
Me, too.
Sadly, Yes. We talked black men women relationships on July 4th. RT : is that the brother behind ActNow Foundation?
This Dm -___- I'm playing hard to get to everyone :-)
At guard, number one, his favorite movie is the notebook...
all in good fun. not like any of us would actually DO it
how are you?
#Orlando. BIG FIESTA planned for November 1. Bring your friends, bring family! 30 years in the business!
...but New Star later with ?!
RT : So these Girl Scout cookies might as well say "Serving size: one box."
Good Morning! Have a great day too! : )
So now I'm obsessed with sequins. Thanks and friends.
My RING was im his dick SMFH!!!!!!
Welcome to from the Twitterverse! Emp #66828 present and accounted for. Have a great Tuesday!
For some reason kids always like dancing in underwear. Maybe we would all dance better in just underwear.
And I still had to miss out on so many other great events. Why is everything on the same day?!?!
+1 RT : Me. RT Any takers for The Avengers being the biggest box office performer of the year?
If you dont dream big, theres no use of dreaming. If you dont have faith, theres nothing worth believing.
COME GET YOUR PICTURE TAKEN AT OUR DOWNTOWN LOCATION!
RD - Keeps $ local w gr8r ctrl than Sacto; Your premise suggests non RDA projects do not cost to operate?
yeah...not many good options. Brathaus and Catch22 have one I think. Don't take Trinity's - they're assholes.
How large of a mirror are you looking for?
my friend just texted me saying "HELP!! IM NEXT TO DIRECTIONATORS!" . hahah (;
Before the madness begins tomorrow I want to thank you for all the amazing recruiting coverage you provide us. GO NOLES!!
good seeing you tonight bro... Goodtimes... Oh and thanks for the track....
Going to orange leaf with Kevin cuz i have no life with teenagers.
Anyone want a tattoo?? My cousin Faron is a pro:o)
Funny you tweet this, we're creating some right now! RT : There's a monthly rebus in magazine.
One of the best conversations I've ever had was with Melinda Emerson, the SmallBizLady; we talked for an hour and 1/2! I'm in LA-She's in P…
i got you bro!
God of War 2 it is.
I don't know how they will be able to adjust this season if he doesn't....
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need . ❤ - ❤
text me
I heard they didn't want to hire the hobbit to replace all the divits....
What's up with people buying up all the #missonifortarget and then selling it on EBAY? Humans can be quite bothersome.
HaHa! Loving! it, no doubt that would be a great idea. Rain jackets too maybe? :)
Seem as i always get sick around this time of the year.
Happy Easter miss Piper :)! wish U and your family a wonderful weekend :)!
Nearly blew the sub in my car proofing this mix. Whoa.
these boxes are the smell of the art of print alive and well!
There are no pierogis in Bulgaria.
I didn't have a camera. (not ) had a camera, but has been "on biz" since we got back. Thanks for reminder tho
perfect. Can you buy 5 extra for me? I will reimburse you and split the profits if we win.
Fuck it. I'll just bust out the paper bag.
There's that. We all knew the D would suck, but the O was supposed to be the bailout.
I should be getting ready and not just lying here lazily.
RT Who has the best BLT in Sacramento? I'm in need. And full disclosure, I don't like thin, limp bacon.
You too. Still despise the Knicks.
Sorry. Tis better to do laundry for yourself than for others. Still loves ya though;-)
Was it really simpler in 1935? Think of the societal divisions and distrust of socialist benefits. Roosevelt. Hitler. Simpler?
had a great time at Vanessie Saturday. We'll be back in Santa Fe real soon. Have a great week, friends!
JK Rowling announces new book; Harry Potter fans react - Washington Post
These guys seem right up our alley:
the US just doesnt care enough about soccer
no. we can't. Admin refused to add a Delta V requisition to my contract for next year.
It is not cool to take your girlfriend's shoe off and give her a full-on foot massage...on the crowded train.
we play two back to back!! only like, 5-8 bones, we'd love to see you :)
this is just pathetic; 1st base ump calls Burriss safe n BLATANT makeup call; Manny was out there; who says ragging on blue doesn't pay off?
RT : We're giving away an iPad2 at 5,000 follower! Everyone who tweets is entered to win!
Welcome new followers
Mexican for dinner then off to zoo lights with some good friends!! And I guess well take the kids to... I love Christmas!!
I have been invited to the Jefferson Awards Gala in Chicago! So excited! What an honor..can't wait!
No I'm in the radio play-by-play booth I have nice 35" HDTV right in front of me.
yeah ! Haha its embarrassing(x
Would love to check out , but it's definitely not
Lodi and blue cheese potatoes
Thanks so much! I can't wait.
You got it Mr. Franco!
what up
Ready for brewers baseball watching on #brewers gamecast. Go crew
AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey not providing vote count - Ron Paul Supporters demand Roberts Rules - event 4 hrs behind
Before he was one of the most powerful men in the world, John D. Rockefeller was a Chancellor Alumni. Who will you become? goo.gl/Iwcpj
If only Harvey were on Twitter. Safe trip to Portland!
lol the reason i got a headache is cuz u think u can f*** wit me
were you looking in the mirror? ;)
DailyHookahTip#138: Always fill the vase 1-2 inches above the bottom tip of the tube that goes down into the vase.
The book is officially available! And, www.davidshorter.com is all the rage!
Great idea. With all the personal finance problems we face, everyone should take a break from shopping & end Black Friday.
Meet and Greets today in Philadelphia...and maybe a Philly Cheesesteak from Ralphs. Booyah!
seriously thinking of taking tuesdays off so I can be home for all the new episodes of pretty little liars coming out
you know he was in jail, right? mm-hm
Thanks for your kind words. I'll be sure to pass that along to our designers.
..just landed at for their 'Tap This! Eat That' beer/ food truck pairing featuring
In the library to survive finals of ur first semester of grad school!! RT : #HeyWendy question, best place to eat a #cheeseburger?
Oh my lord. This guy shouldn't be working at Wendy's. He should be an underwear model.
much appreciated, love gettin the feedback from my fans!
I'm having so much fun!!!
RT "I have an iPad. I have no idea what to use it for, except to show how much better I am than everyone else." LOL SO TRUE
Apparently Dad is planning on visiting me in June. First I've heard of this. cc:
I think I'll just read a book until I get sleepy, along w. my sleep aid, b.c. it takes a while for it to work.
Never GIGI NEVER!!!! unless we get some flan then ill be forced to shush because i have to eat! :D
The iTriage man is heading over to the #ih3 party!!! Snap a photo with him for a chance to win!!!!!
Dear Gmail, I love your Preview theme, but the ads that cut off my messages, they're KILLING ME SLOWLY.
Time to do some yoga :)
Hoping that today will be good. No problems whatsoever.
ugh, synopsis.
soo i was walking in Walmart and they were blasting #unfriendyou! i was like Oh My God! aha, it made my day. ♥
Pls is LAST person who should be Twitter attacking anyone, given he's nothing but a quitter misogynist media whore
Pakcing up the Rock Star... Geez - has a lot of shoes.
Like the page
Twitter is telling me to follow WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SUGGESTING TWITTER
"Was This Worth It" by will be spun in the 12p hour TODAY on Harrisburg's 105.7 The X w/MoeRock. STREAM IT LIVE on www.1057thex.com!
hey mike. I work at a sports station in gainesville. Wanna call in and promote anything? It's 6-8pm 352-372-3700.
What does the future journal look like? Let's start with platform.
we can decorate them during craft time and then we can make them race eachother for exercise
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. Mary Kay Ash
That's very true! I'll always have the memories even if Renate doesn't.
That works well until you need to go UP a floor ;-)
dropping name got me a convo w sir charles - he said good things about you dingers, thanks for the heads up
Ellen's JCPenny commercials are making me think I won't ever shop there again.
OMG the 50% off sale! Great last minute gifts for coworkers/bosses/teachers (candles etc). Long lines tho - bring a book!
God teach me that forgiving is the highest level of strength and taking revenge is the first sign of weakness.
Yes, please! Thanks! Re Somewhere I have a record sleeve with a Magic Brain ad. Want me to try to find it?
Looking nice! Congratulations!!
Welcoming our newest members: Joakimlindroos, brenindavs & mitochondria4...Welcome aboard all
I obviously mean very little if anything to you.
Just downloaded Taylor Issues! YEEUHHH Lol Im going to make an Austin Mahone cd!
Ug. It is only Thursday night. Guess bed wins over another beer... That would be the responsible thing...
got anything stronger than tea? *winks back*
Hate being hungry late night.. Or early morning.
I can't even speak.
Have you ever picked up a postcard for a show you've never heard of and then gone to that show? I haven't.
I don't even know what the Vista campus looks like...I should probably figure that out.
mobile video movies hire can u serve me up following so hire my circle of talent appt needed
Is that a for certain yes?
Tonight check out the Centertown party at the Frame and Mat Shop on Washington! Music, Food and Art~Family style!
Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!
"I spent many hours in the bar arguing with other students about FRBR." -Jin Ha Lee
follow back?
Packing for move. Wife: "How many hatchets does one man need" Me: "I don't understand the question."
I expect most of my London time will be spend in the BL. Perhaps coffee break with if she's working there, too!
Happy Friday every one. lets get the weekend started!
Something provoked the whole globe to lower expectations, damn what's wrong with my generation?
clay guida while it may have been a good fight, dont see him making a challenge for the belt quite like you
sad huh?
I don't tend to migrate north, but I'm doing it tomorrow!
"I solemnly swear I am up to no good."
Hey ppl can u pleez follow me! Follow me, I follow back
lol who telling u this foolishness
How can we get you to feature us?
Why am I craving popcorn so bad!? Ah!
that's the only thing, my place is tiny. She seems pretty happy though.
Ha! Well done embracing.
Pissed the BOYZ are in the city performing and they didn't tweet about it before so I didn't know -.-
‎2 quick observations: Steven Tyler can no longer carry a tune and Wes Welker's sporting an incomparable 'stache today...go #Pats!
Telling not asking, pointing a finger talking too much, Biggest error is :Talking Head"
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
Want a free 30-minute nutritional breakthrough session w/me? (By phone is okay!) Schedule through www.eating4achieving.com.
I'm taking a hair curler i hope one of the sicurites doesn't take it out and asks "whats this" it looks like a dildo yo.
Just heard you song "In Love Alone"
high school girl keeps looking at me and smiling....
My over-under list is for casino-related tweeps
DADDY STILL THERE?
"Free as in Puppies!" I LOVE this metaphor for using #Drupal. You have to feed, maintain and do parent time.
How ya doin' I loved you on that aston martin song w/ you inspire me baby. I can shoot you a TIGHT video!!
You know what makes uploading grades super fun????? NOTHING.
We are fortunate to have Richard Romano once again writing for
RT : : "Fighting for digital rights is as important as fighting for other civil rights."
No white just yet. You should try these on. Super cute!
Walter Murphy really is the man
you are my life saver!
Petersen: "Given how the profit motive has worked its way into our education system, [an open access] future should not be counted on."
Anyways .. keep ur haters hating.. GM!
Austerity for the rich and government stimulus for everyone else. There, your economy is fixed.
Anything that is unrelated to an elephant is irrelephant.
Still hungry! 3 more hours left at work though...
I'm at Ihop right now.. so after I leave, I'm ready whenever !!
he still didn't show?
Why is the name of the phobia for the fear of long words Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia?
Well we've wandered off by now. Further proof that you do not exist
broke nigga make me sick...... throw up
Cinco de Mayo dinner with and #Twitterless Chris & Chuck!
Cupcakes For All! will be buying cupcakes tomorrow at in Capitol Hill 12-4pm! Stop by, vote, get a cupcake!
Tweet:"I'm one in a million for healthy moms & babies around the world" to Million Moms Challenge-Women are Powerful-we empower other women
@ deanna, this time she tweeted tartness and contradiction
how can you be so loyal, kind, and stay true to the fans? Its amazing! What you do is so sweet! <3 #Love &
oh, I love key lime pie! Dipped in chocolate sounds divine. Did you enjoy?
Off to late-night grocery store visit...must have #BACON for Saturday morning!
Eating at There's a cute little gir singing "rumor has it!" over and over again. It's not annoying yet. Emphasis on 'yet'.
Dear Nato protestors, dont be out here trying to fuck my city up. You start tearing shit up we go start tearing yo asses up..lol
Yep, got it from the AHL store. It should be waiting for me when I get home tomorrow. I WILL SEND PICTURES.
your new social media rockstar for hire
hi brennin! The first time i saw u on x factor i relly think u are talented. Wishing u more success in terms of your career!
Hahaha !! I will send it to her !! Je t'aime ma cousine !!
that show is on? what channel?!
The weather's warming up and we're loving painting in the great outdoors... well outside. What's your DIY Project this spring?
ATTENTION WAFFLE LOVERS: Today we are offering the classic waffle for only $2 at our downtown location.
...true. Karma
Thanks for the yoga and wine last night, ! Most unique date ever. :) Then I ran this a.m.--woot!
Thank you. Can't wait to hear!
If you've got a low car you understand that a blown semi tire can destroy your world.
"British study found eating cheese before sleep produced vivid dreams. Different cheeses produce different types of dreams” THX
WE DO!! <3 & watch never say never!!
#wheniwas14 Three Men and a Baby was the top-grossing movie of the year. Who made Steve Guttenburg famous?
most likely to be trill og
Ugh seriously! I wanna punch him lol
What are you talking about? I didn't change anything? Wow...
First time in 4 years not going to Just unfair I'll be missing , etc
He the best 1 on the Lakers
God Morning (: Have a good day(:
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS
RT for support of marijuana legalization!
hey what's up!! Love what u do..keep it up
she won't take her eyes off it!!!
Put your &quot;Green Earrings&quot; on tonight and swing down to in Chattanooga. We're playing a new tune!
Oh yeah nfl draft yeah
I know it's early to mention it, but tonight (& all Fridays from now on) every cocktail on our list is $5!
what tracks??
still a little incredulous this is only my third paper of the semester
Dancers = athletes with style.
guess I'll finish watching the #saints #49er's game now. lol
At this moment, I'm about 95% sure that I'm going to nap in my car at lunch.
We are seeming to get sicker as a nation. What is your opinion as to why this is?
Press on,Wisconsin, don't let up!You never know how close to a breakthrough we might be!Turn this setback into a decisive victory! Press on!
Amazing office surprise visit from whose amazing shoes I work hard to fill! We miss you, Speer!
congrats on today's premiere. You don't need NBC to give you a star. You were born one. (side note: NBC is in 4th too)
tell him you gotta get to the Ski Swap to sell some gear. He'll understand.
Maybe it's a condition of getting older: we forget about the bears' defenseless inner ears.
Overheard TA talking about students: "I want to send them all to, like, hermeneutical bootcamp."
Asked a friend if he was interested in Cologne. His earnest reply - "Hm i am stinky . What kind?"
did your vegan lifestyle get thrown out the door this weekend? If only for just a day. .
Krazie Bone's Twitter bio: "from the world's most influential rap group Bone Thugs N Harmony". C'MON! Missing words "AND BEST", Krazie
: no j wasn't asking you that. I wasn't asking you that at all. I just want to know why you're so interested in calling ...
Just farted on (;
okay good! Lol
#sschat does this. They hang outside her door and have different codes printed for each class.
Hahaha! I really don't give af!! going w/ what makes me happy!! :D
Thank you Jon!
I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight
I can't right now. I hate seeing Austin upset.
moving to the in-laws cottage on Conesus lake this weekend. Still looking for a house in Livonia
LMFAO definitely wasn't about you ...
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE,,
just left the park. It's coming along well.
“: Urban Meyer said they want throw 3 times for every run. Gotta get that passing attack rolling.” 2 of 3 will be jump-passes
RT Most CLE doesn't hit key brain requirements: Neither intense, novel, scary, interactive, diverting nor emotional.
Sure I COULD watch MLBNetwork & see what happened in tonight's #MLB games and how my fantasy teams did, but Spaceballs is on.
Has Kenny tweeted you back yet?
Im finding out alot of portland dudes is on some downlow type shit
Come on #jimmyjohns don't fail me now!
At the 1st annual Technical & Analytics Conference in San Diego! Am learning about language from USC prof Michael Arbib
Gay struggle is not the same as black folks struggle. U not gay till u show it. U black when u walk in the door dumb ass fuckers
Awesome news is that for same $$$ I pay now in Chicago suburbs for a studio apt, I can get a two bedroom apt in Atlanta suburbs.
Dally really needs to make a Facebook so I don't have to think of clever things to put as our status. WHO HAS TWITTTTERRRR
Count it!
Tomorrow you will need to use your spidey sense to figure out if something is wrong?
TY for the #inspiring #TEDtalk -- we posted on #Facebook too! Also check out our new #mobile #accounting tool,
Watched Network once again! Amazing movie!
holy f... fried chicken overload
Im fina pay city of Memphis u Brng me $20
Thanks so much! That's all i need to hear to keep playing. Best to you, VOo
Mexicans are much bigger consumers of video (via FB and YouTube) than any other country in Latin America.
if this is collaborative recipe making, I'm in! will let you know how it turns out.
Before 2012 I Would Love For To Follow Me :'D <3 <3 <3
The #Oscars are so motivating!!
How are you? :)
all of my followers need to watch the trailer for the movie. "ted" it has mark walburg and mila kunis in it..fucking hilarious!!!!
Thanks for following us!
"It’s as though Mitt inherited all of his father’s noblesse, but none of the oblige."
no that ratchet place lol....just a show about ME finding my place in San Fran :)))
We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome.
You damn right... they can't stop Calvin Johnson
This is setting up to produce one hell of a brawl between the #Islanders and #Penguins later this year.
ohh ok thank uu is the group name official christofer drew awareness?:)
I have SO much reading to do today. #ShootMe 😒🔫
wow she called me daddy n how long we been knowing each other 4 days got damn
will do! Thanks for following (:
Groceries. Check. Laundry. Check. Big breakfast. Check. Dishes. Check. Workout. Check.
is a great thing. Love the pictures and videos.
sometimes i wish i could see into the future at what is come but til then time waits for none
Hope you caught us Rockin Out Autism on News 12 today! see you saturday at ROCK OUT AUTISM 3!
haha ok we'll discuss this further later
Welcome to today's visiting groups: and Bowman's Hill Wildflower Preserve Members!
Hello to my wonderful, handsome, beautiful, gorgeous and hot followers!
i pursue no one that does not give me reason to
Only an hour left of Prodigy's birthday where I'm at..
Not an inaccurate description.
#newsweek Canceling my subscription.
Brazil can not be serious about passing this bill on the rainforest! That will destroy climate and the ancient people still thriving today!
I love it when the South Philly neighbors yell through Severino's mail slot. "Sevy! Sevy!"
Can't wait till.I.start driving
Viola Davis at the #oscars --> wow!!
Oh that sucks n ur welcome. =)
In Greece, world looking more and more like a recent novel.
#WhatUNeedToDoIs Stop blaming yourself for things that weren't your fault and take responsibility for things that were your fault
Thank you so much for following me! It's been my dream to sing on live radio for you! If you'd allow that that would be amazing
sorry primo I don't check my twitter that much...what's good?
Sometimes I let him do the wide shots when I feel like getting blazed in my winnie
Michael Owen has been sidelined with yet another injury. Turns out the door hit his ass on his way out of Manchester United.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom walks in while ur having sex.
How'd that shit go ?
yeah we won 4-3 in the eighth inning.
you gotta get to the truck, man!
So excited to be following , the actress who brought Effie Trinket to the screen!
is one of my fave celeb apprentice players. Smart. Creative. Strong. Passionate. Sexy. Great model for businesswomen everywhere!
Olive garden w/ the sis
90%Grind 10%Sleep .... I'm sure this will all pay off in the long run!!!
Ya! I'll call you tomorrow or Friday so we can plan!
Amare Stoudamire doubtful for Game 4, ha! So r the Knicks..series over! #nba playoffs
id rather see him stay but i dont see it
ha, odd/funny memories of certain miles.
Save up to 75% on all poker chip sets @ www.eproducts4less.biz
and by the way are you thinkin about the way u draft thursday?
I'm pretty sure the entire desert has flown into my eyes. Working outside is not fun today.
Yoga seems to give great relief to people in tension or stress
#ShoutOut 2 4 all their help tonight! Thanks guys! Look forward 2 working with u. Ya'll go check out their music!
I Wish I Could Say My Hero Knows I'm Alive... =(
same here. Very busy for the last few months thus on twitter a lil less.
What is the gospel? The royal announcement that Jesus is Lord.
this sucks!!
Awesome to see you respond to fans on your Twitter. Keep bringing it! :D
Girls keep sayin they want something start tryin to find him
2 new songs ready for tonight. Maybe 3. Buck's Tavern 9pm
Steak n Shake run!
One day, I want to live in a loft in downtown Austin. One day…. Who knows when that'll be though.
Oh, I'm there! Without a doubt. See you this weekend!!
's Special Engagements cont'd yesterday with WoodKid. Catch the director’s cut of the show today at 2P CT: ht.ly/8G7ZP
"feels like" is listed as windchill or heat index in the API. NA if neither is applicable in mild/fair conditions
Lost time is never found again. Benjamin Franklin
hopefully if you have reservations at this one they will seat you on time
That's awesome!
LOL RT : Instagram can't save you guys from the truth. We know you're black as tar.
Its #fridaythe13th ...no wonder my day is shitty!
TROLLIN. RT Damn didn't know this man people didn't want me in #NY might just get what you asking for!
I can't handle how much I keep listening to this song.
But why solve real problems when you can scapegoat the gays? Clearly wars are fought and kids go hungry because I'm gay.
I like to think we are frenemies.. :)
he also called you a pretty hot babe(; umm I'll ask my followers(:
“: maybe that's what happens when you make accusations in a story without any hard evidence or proof.” blissnorance
soaking up the sun- stuffing face- great combo
(c) Drama happens. People start starting shit with people & other stuff. The people have lifes.. You cant expect them to not have a (c)
summer school starts n 17 min.
•...makes you independent of wrong political decisions.
biggie shouldn't have gone to LA
Vote Victor Garcia for Wrong turn 5 director! -V
you gotta! don't worry I'll go slow.
Still in the frame, the camera defies smartphone onslaught - Business Standard
I look like hell rolled over this morning
Gonna see tomorrow
“: house was just on fire #stupidjames #learnhowtocook” dumbass! Doesn't know how to cook!
Our network is currently undergoing mitigating a major DDOS attack, with extremely heavy load on all nodes. The joke is not funny.
ASAP like Rocky
God i know!!! Hey Cameron can you— NO SORRY MY GRANDMA IS WATCHING.
Look who is on twitter! hahaha what's up man
El golf wang
#Bears RT : Eight teams have five prime-time games: Broncos, Steelers, Chargers, Bears, Packers, Giants, Eagles, 49ers.
Ok ok, you bring with you, and we can ball at Chesapeake, then we play a mile away at the performance lab. ;-)
Good nigt sleep z and M
American flags made in china... Its just wrong
hey what's up how ya been
Great #win yesterday by the #Seahawks! We can still make the #playoffs!! Who's ready to hit that #HappyHour with #Bartab?
Lollapalooza Just Announced Red-Hot Lineup for 2012 Music Festival
give me five dollars.
happy birthday to the most beautiful woman in the world hope u enjoy it
Bike Trip with Yoya | $10 | Doors 8PM| Buy your ticket ASAP! |
Rockies need some kind of mojo on the road, they seem not to be able to let the Bats go Wild....Let's beat those Mets Tommorrow.
Brainstorming session at "Building Cities through Social Media". Each group coming up with 3 BIG ideas!
#ImThatPersonWho thanks my haters for pushing me to be who i am today.
I have a few thoughts on that. I'm thinking of doing a Google+ hangout for more Q&A. Interested?
Don't lose yourself, trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you
country music artist
I really wish The Critic came back. Had the theme song stuck in my head all day
Our thoughts go out to all our neighbors that were involved in the fires this week.
& - We hope 2 C U both at our Shoot To Cure HD Event @ Chargers Park on June 3 at 6pm. ;)
I feel better now lol
Messed around and stepped on my sunglasses...broke them...just copped a new pair...
. Oatmeal made with coffee? That sounds interesting... is it good?
I was just quizzed about my knowledge of hockey by the HVAC man... highlight of my day, sadly. ;)
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Only one more day to save during our Friends & Family 15% off event! Have a great and glamorous weekend
I hear that. Well, at least you can start planning the summer ;)
You stay classy, redneck in Target yelling across several aisles to ask his wife what kind of tampons work best for her.
One of my great disappointments in Avengers was it felt weird that Banner was all hanging in Tony's car at the end. Pretty un-Banner-like.
May or may not have injured myself at the gym today...Guess its time to stop training at 90%+ 1RM for a while
nope. Haha. It was probably something stupid
Each tweet lovingly handcrafted by a Huguenot artisan.
Rumors spread faster then wildfires...... rumors=NotTrue
As an added #bonus, Dance can help keep the body young!
Your getting me addicted to youtube and all this music and groups that are awesome ! And I have HW :'(
I love my babies
raw fruit balls look crazy good. Can you adopt me please so I can eat at your house
my mom & I walked from publix to the STARBUCKS on Old Cutler & 168 th
m, maybe you can use all this research for your future dissertation on the anthropology of crazy New York housewives! Haha!
not to mention you won't get that $6000 laptop
“: If you search "askew" in google search, the page will tilt slightly clockwise. (Try it)” this shit mad true doe
PLEASE wish a happy 17th bday! It would make her life!
National Restaurant Association Show TODAY! :)
We hope you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend!
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. - Mary Pickford
RT : When one of the all-time greats #JoeHammond tells you your jumpshot is #pure ...what can u say?
congrats! I waited til the last one right before I graduated! Haha
Thanks! Bypass works on any phone w/ internet access. Go to www.bypasslane.com to register for your free account!
Me and are having quite the hard time on our diets..
Ah is in the chicago airport... and I live 5 mins away from an airport :( just need to know which one she's at.
It's either Greinke or Hamilton. I'd prefer Greinke; too many issues, on and off the field, for Hamilton.
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does the Alice Austen House matter to you?
We have the power to create change!
69 followers!!!! THANK YOU!! You all are the best!! :)
The day is not over and I wish to extend a HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the MOTHERS throughout the world. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
I LOVE PARRY SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!!!!
Final day at work. I'm oddly euphoric and excited about finding my next gig
When ur young you can't wait to become grown. When u grow up u wish u were kid again.
aw, you had to know there would be some controversy in Florida. Absentee ballots up in the air...
lets go to cancun. just me and you.
About a half an hour until they bowl in SEATTLE with the CAIR Project and in HOUSTON with !!
Craving sushi and no one is free to eat with me. :(
I have been taking classes and doing workshops. Where is a good place to do them besides actor key and sag foundation?
Tell me a lie♥.♥
Dear cold temperatures, please do feel free to go get bent.
Shpongle eoto dancing smiles more dancing... Oh life is good
"Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge." (Leonardo da Vinci)
5$ho thanks fam. I checked it out nice tracks lets wrk.
I would be too!!! That's horrible!
Last day in Green Bay. Shopping and getting dinner with my mom. :)
It takes more than just a good looking body
Nope, I was cooking my oven. Seemed like a good idea at the time...
I really need to buy a shaver that gets really close because the shave I have now is not to my expectations
You know what? Forget the room extention #, they don't help. Just go to www.shindigtarot.com/directory/abracadabra
I am friends w/couple in AZ trying to adopt a baby & having no luck. A baby would be blessed to have them for parents Plz pray for them.
what a nice teammate! Looking forward to 2012 season. See you in NY 4/13
more likely is that I will just use all of them and eat excessive amounts of fast food!
i'm boutta DM you bout somethin right quick bro.
You're not the only one! All of the #FLAPanthers crowd hasn't in a long time. Kudos to them. Color me impressed!
probability isnt always accurate specially in life. sometimes even if the chances of something happening are in your favor
MUSIC = WIND. You can`t see it but you`re touched when you listen
I just said something super forward lol see his current status and my comment. hah.
Great, a wonderful video of a goaltender daydreaming. I'd rather watch a fly die on someone's face. #who cares
Basically. RT": Listening to skip bayless makes you lose brain cells."
we love a good mystery!
A nigga wit money is just that. "A nigga wit money". funds dnt teach manners or morals. or how 2 give bac 2 those who help u out
no surprise there!
Happy Sunday!!!
at the expense of disrespecting our own people,and unfortunately,most of us are killed by us
i Want more of my mothermonster!!!!
playoffs baby. When it counts.
Oh I forgot, our TGIFs were very different: Perfect Strangers, Full House, Mr. Belvedere, Just the 10 of Us, Family Matters, etc
Sigh. It never stops.
so good!
Football season is almost upon us. Crystal Clear Pools supports the longhorns to victory this season
follow me
thanks for the RT. Marine life needs our help. Animals and children can't protect themselves. Pls peeps we need u.
“Never forget yesterday, but always live for today, because you never know what tomorrow can bring, or what it can take away
Screw you Peyton.
Thanks 4 the #FF mentions Have a gr8 weekend!
next week is the season finale. I wonder how it ends. I didn't like this season too much.
Hha. Thank you Jordan! You always make me laugh!(: haha.
My coochie said hi.......
it was the getting back up after falling...I'm not sure if it was pre order.
so true.
I love Drose, but he shouldn't even have been playing. So unhealthy, healthy body parts bear all weight and stress. This was bound to happen
Thanks for the mention!
I am so excited!!! The prize is pride!!!
I should probably listen to dreamchasers II
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Nothing more beautiful than chasing a dream and laughing at the opposition.
It's hard to look cool on Muni while your earbuds are blaring "Call Me Maybe."
On a train from AC to Philly then flying to Denver in time to register for day 1A of HPT Colorado tonight at 6.
i already wanna go tanning again uh
Never imagined I would someday find myself sitting outside the vet's office with a container of mutt pee in a bag.
You got the swag sauce you drippin swagu unh
Can't believe im going to school with one eye looking like a reproductive organ
Was just swept off my feet. Literally. We're breaking out the fancy steps...
RT : I need help with Word. How do I get the Level 2 table of contents entries NOT to show a page number? TIA.
This "I Love Lucy" ab Ricky being neglected bc Lucy is pregnant & the doc telling her to make him feel like the center of attn is bullshit.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
NIH has 180 patient beds for medical trials. Specialist collaboration from all over the world.
LETS GO CANES. Canes recover onside kick. On next play, QB Stephen Morris to T. Benjamin for Long TD. UVA 24 UM 19 4th (4:39)
has ambivalent feelings for the backroom's physical form. There's hope in respect to ease of movement and work flow, but it is U-G-L-Y!!!
Don't settle for less.. u don't need shows to blow up. Market self right and you'll get the calls and paypa wit it
Based on my interest in the teen comedy Project X, Netflix suggests I might also like the controversial German gay film Taxi Zum Klo!
Joe AND I will be at KDWB 101.3 radio station in Minneapolis, MN tomorrow. Come hang out, maybe even meet him!
#mahopac bound for the weekk. hope some skels come outta their coma's
Haircut! Fuckin legit.
Also phenomenal how quickly the idiot Punch and Judy show can raise the curtain in the comments section.
TheatreSports Team meets tonight at 7pm, our place. We'll bring the chairs, you bring the energy. Okay, fine. We'll bring some energy, too.
Show tonight at Grace College in indiana
Orlando! RT There's only one NBA city where the OKC Thunder haven't won since the franchise relocated in 2008
This day was made for motorcycle rides. Amazing!
My amazing BF got me all the Hopelessly Devoted to You samplers for Christmas.
barf I hope so!
a rowdy teenage girl loudly stood up for me in a dunkin donuts. Her name was Taija and she was not ok with some guy cutting in front of me.
going on a feildtrip to a beach with my class... tidepooling, id so much rather be laying out with a few beeahs
Just FOUND THEM!
And we are live with Game 2 of on SL TV and across the state with Comcast Indiana 81 ... Tune in and tweet us too!
I never knew twitter followings could be such a source for competition.
Please look for Berry Horny, our super tasty summer ale. We reformulated it and we want to know what you think of the new recipe.
RT : The "acting" in a Cinemax a porn is HILARIOUS. So True.........
Cool your jets with the referral campaign. Everybody I know already uses your service. Do you want my pets to sign up?
better than bdubs!!
Hey if you're in Atlanta...I'm on Good Day Atlanta tomorrow morning on the 8-9am hour talking about my book.
Chameleon Productions Presents Love Stinks. Dante's in the U-District, Seattle. $5 cover 21+. $3 Wells. Get your asses there bitches!!!
... Your heart full of joy, For today arrived a Baby Boy, Gods own Son, Was born this morn!
LOL So are you Kristen!! Thank you!!
Really hope gets that #BestNewArtist Grammy ain't no one on that nomination list that deserves it more in my opinion
I'll get my protein the old fashioned way, thank you very much!
I know & I'm so mad at directions cause they are hating on BTR when it's BTRs tour
Thanks! Feel free to email us any events or specials that you would like to see in SFA!
That is like a super hero story Well played. Congrats. Good luck and be sure to reach out. When do you depart?
the official due date strikes in 18 days. So, I am basically a ticking time bomb.
hahahh call me!
reaffirming my belief that you are in fact awesome!
I want chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and a strawberry on top m :)
is lame. $550 for jack shit #fact and he can't afford to pay it back.
Downtown with my beaners tonight >>
Where do you find the most "news"? Facebook, Twitter, or other? Let us know!
A LITTLE too cold for me in New York!
#OTGTIPS YOU NEVER KNOW WHO YOUR AROUND, ACT LIKE YOU GOT SOME SENSE!
how yo u gonna follow me on twitter and not talk to me on facebook
The Band Perry with a Glen Campbell tribute. Who's wearing the country hoola skirt in the band?
If you're going through hell keep going. What idiot would wanna stay there?
Lucky! Crazy! Both?
Join us for 13th Annual Maui Chinese New Year on Saturday, January 28 from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Great food, crafts, and the lion dance, too!
#fcat 2morrow i didnteven study oh well ill study in the morning hope all of u do great c;
Ryan Miller, Director of Campus Life at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, IL
Hopefully will start developing my personal website over this winter break!
Want to keep your teeth white as possible? Use a straw. It helps drinks bypass the teeth and gums lessening the chances of staining.
There's a bomb threat at school today.... Welp. I hope we don't die.
he's a 10
- who won?
“ This is that bad attitude weather”
Hair. Off. Freedom!!!
I give you, the Griswold family Christmas tree. Lotta sap in here! Looks great. Little full... Lotta sap.
todays my birthday. Can you please wish me a happy birthday?
If they allow nudity on TV, we will be like Europe
I know that one! It's the one fancy offices have. I would love it but the coffee has to be a fortune! You choose a flavor...
watching the boondocks in class >>>>>>>>>
Attacking a lengthy #todo list today. Here's to self-driven productivity!
No ine is up....time to call clitoris girl!
Apparently my "mesmerizing" handwriting and perfect grammar gives people reason to believe that I am a robot.
"This is a complex problem," said weed scientist David Shaw in remarks to a national "summit" of weed experts in Washington
RT : classes have been busy busy. Thank you for this terrible weather!!!!---No prob..it's what we do. ha ha! happy spinning 2day ;o)
Legs & Glutes are feeling the wrath of my will 2nite...OUCHIE!!!!
Pizza or not pizza...I can't decide.
i HAVENT WENT ANYWHERE.. LAYING THE ROAD MAP FOR MY COME BACK.....KEEP YA'LL UPDATED
Ok, let's try this. Let's keep our runs separate, on the path, screw the treadmill And let's keep our studies, tweet free :)
Hehe well enjoy your dinner ;) I'll start to study & you definitely are ;) & awh it looks awesome though! You're amazing xo
“: ewwwwwwww what taste! Lol”<< sane thing I wanna know lol
Bass Trombone is not at all something you want me to do Chip. More power to the people that do though . .
Lost respect for Chris Peterson for selfishly voting TCU 18th on his ballot. If TCU is 18th then Boise ST can be no better than 19th.
just coincidence... :)
Look here 'cause we missing 2 rabbits and I'm fixin' to find out who took 'em!
CES unveiled was a blast! Lifestyle Connect is now official...
This makes me especially miss you
Unpacked my bag: I have to get my Sharp jersey dry cleaned AGAIN!!
it's a Chevy I believe
Mike Ditka just said the phrase, "Giving the city of Detroit a bad name."
Processing the #tedxcbus post-event to do list. It isn't over quite yet! Big thanks to for a great partnership.
my son worked event last week for couple wife has 1yr 2live-cancer husband threw elaborate wedding for her-gave her everything!
hurry it up.
3) Do you need a ride to the polls? Call 410-338-4036.
Seems legit
Working waiting on Monday Nite Football. Follow us
She was amazing in The Help - so deserving. Im bummed that 50/50 wasn't nominated. That was personally one of my faves.
the Art of Waiting is making me very sleepy. Don't know what to do with myself.
Thank you <3
"I'm not a native Detroit-tian..." from a caller. Really? Detroit-tian. Really?
Or wat? Cuz...I dnt wanna tell u tha whole story but everyone hates me now cuz of wat I did -____- x(
clippers won!
You are what you Tweet!
Meeting in newsroom right now about potential changes to our coverage. What kind of stories do you want to see in local news?
i'm trying to get my iphone case but it keeps on saying that my credit card information is not authorized .____________.
“: About time to head over to club rio. & rockin it on ” Going all out for our city tonight!
true. I just want there to be opportunity for retail, services, and restaurants, not only the latter.
sorry haven't been on been moving
baggage ; drama ; no real job ; no relationship skills ; no pipe game : exgirl Issues ; no swag
RT : RT : I would like to meet Dora's parents and ask them why they let that bitch go everywhere.
#signspeopleshouldwear "ima wild koon....don't listen to anything i say!"
"well today it's Michelle"
Every time I wear black tights all I think about is it looks like Minnie Mouse's legs
Just had my first reindeer sausage of the year. It's so sunny downtown, even M.A. was in a good mood.
[insert random tweet]
Food trucks at our holiday event in December, coming back for a big event in March. Huge success!
So sad...I love this show, and glad it returning for a Season 6!
Congrats to Ken Hedrick & Ryan Butler (Tulsa office) who both co-brokered a Tractor Supply in Indiana this week!
what to do what to do hum
a Samsung phone from Verizon. It's not an internet phone though, I would never.
need to tweet more.
Got MW3 @ 5PM Today and been playing for 6 Hours Straight
Quote of the day: "We make a living by what we get. But we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
My LulSistah Replace Me Wit My OldFrewd! #.Tragic :(
Akinade: e-book completely unheard-of, strange idea in Africa.
Sparks Restaurant in Bryn Mawr it is brand new and I hear good things!!
Back to LA and excited to gear up for our finishing funds campaign for Gold Stars. I'm so proud of this film!
My Valentine is in australia. No flowers, or shit to walk around with all day.
Good for you. Me too; although some days are more fun than others.
you don't need the lottery, your music is your ticket.
me and Ty were texting about about it and we said you too don't get you panties in a bunch. We should do it though
Thanks! So glad to be here!
Thanks. Am surveying a different group as well to see if standards vary.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the best grandma in the world.. my 2nd parent!!! 86 and still standing strong!!!
Headed to a wedding. Hope they don't mind me showing up in a Rangers jersey and flip flops!
What if food turned into muscle instead of fat?
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty's in bar
I just saw a tweet that Carlos Fuentes is dead, but can't find any news items that corroborate. Anyone have a link?
4 months till I can go to my ccw class. Gonna be able to carry legally. Yeah boy hollow points
great i cant log into tumblr -_-
In the next hour, retweet #8x10designs.com and pay only $250 for a full website! Times running out
I do not have any leads...I'd say call Allison :)
I know. Didn't mean to imply that, and really learned a lot from reading it.
Main goal for today: Watch #BiggestLoser without snacking for two straight hours. It really shouldn't be that hard!
Thank you!
The nostrils, cheeks, and chin. They can also develop on the chest, neck, abdomen, back and legs .keloidsurvey.com
I'm excited. I get 27 points a day, and this morning for breakfast, I used 4.
Do away with Dry, and Itchy Skin!!! Invest in a Humidifier.
The results are not up. We are hoping to post the winners once all of them have been notified. =)
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Thanks girl!!!
Great meeting you tonight at the DVD premiere and dinner. Driver has to pick up this pace...we have at least 800 in line
Every piece of sh-t every man has to eat every day of his life is personal. They call it business. OK. But it’s personal as hell.
My brain is swelling in this advanced social media course. So many ideas, so little time.
assholes means assholes. dogs means horny. I WIN
9/11 Tribute Custom and Micro Beds are up now! Check it out on #productionvault!
no u don't liar lol but one fluttering and the other watching me tweet and pootin on my damn pillow
Lonely drive to Tulsa! Merr
I'm sure my blood pressure goes up every time I watch The Bulls and The Heat play.
yes it was!!! We need more of that!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 94
Bad day to go to the beach...
Off to one of my favorite events Live In the Vineyard!
I've done it maybe twice in my life.
We added an exta fundraiser that did really well.
With the way he's pushing Verona's Andrew Argall, the heavy favorite in their No. 2 singles titles match, Luskin may have earned the right.
If Tebow can win games in Denver. Manning can win a Superbowl. Wow huge deal and a perfect fit
so now the government can tell us who to marry......when does it end? land of the free only for straight white men. yep that sounds right.
Rookie draft sleeper: Dane Sanzenbacher...a smart, tough WR might find a role in Martz's offense
Cupcake lovers! Be sure to come and check out our spooky flavors all next week!! Boo-nana, cookies n scream, and many more festive flavors!
Mid afternoon dance party, who's invited...me, who's all coming...me.
Complete Locksmith lock and key Service inIndianapolis - Residential, Commercial and Automobile
oh ok, well hey imma go to bed, goodnight, ttyl, peace out
If my husband takes pictures of me giving birth I will proceed to punch him in the face
oh yeah baby, I'll have a mojito just for you tonight ;-) woo-saaaaaa!
glad to see you on board on #ArtsTechSF's meetup page! "Bi-coastal" was the word of Wednesday evening.
yea but without women jimmy lil ass wouldn't be runnin around the house lmao
Starting Monday submit your guesses as to how you think will do. The person closest to his actual score will win a prize.
TONIGHT @ THE MINT LOUNGE "DONT KILL ME WITH IT" SPRING BREAK EDITION W? ON THE 1'S & 2'S DONT MISS THIS MOVIE
and not just political conference calls either.
I think she works at Fremulon with RT : You know who could really use Sarah Phillips? Entertainment 720...
and I love books on war! I know chick lit is huge, I wonder what the male equivalent is...
I've never been happier that Evan Woodington's not on Twitter.
#HighSchoolMemories I had to clean around the campus for leaving the gate to get something to eat. I was hungry. Didn't clean sh** doe.
"Your niece naked is fucking awesome."
Bch deliveries on the lake? Dont have to move!
Just picked up my press pass for Photo Expo. Check in on www.blog.stellakramer.com starting tomorrow for our updates LIVE from the Javits!
our pleasure! congrats! #runnerds RT : More thanks for support around Sunday's marathon!
May Day grafitti on the Steele Bridge thanks to protestors
Funny RT : see ya Clair....never trust a lesbian convict.
So true. : I'm so critical of myself that I honestly forgot that I'm great
Dead ants found in cookie-eating girl's ears
they all cracked up when my boss asked about their English skills and he explained that French people never can understand him
Just got the new miss may I single...dope
Having a bad night
check out www.bubbabrain.com for smartboard review games for the classroom
& Wsj biz ed Tom Enwright“: Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident = Dick Trickle.”
How can you tell if a monster has a glass eye?When it comes out in conversation.
nice manners! Followed! : )
Ah, I see. The Corona case was all the news when I was there in February. Sounds like it still is. Been going since December right?
Hope you found the workshop useful, Liz!
simply o simply o simply o
that makes me feel better ha! But really not too big of a deal right?
There really should be a tracking system for buses, I'm f'ing freezing and have been waiting for 25 minutes for a bus.
hell yeah nigga
Time for me to run for political office. I am sick of tea-partiers and their stupidity. I am sick of libretarians, democrats and greens
Heading to the conference? Visit the program at booth 1832!
Jordan to the rescue!
haha, ditto over here! 5 cherries....does that give you a clue ; )
Good Luck!!! :D
Sweet, intimate worship this morn with the 'Called Out' students...and powerful words about waiting on the Lord from
Have a safe and happy Spring Break Blue Hens! Bring us back some souvenirs.
hay how r u
haha oh no!!!! I really don't care for the old laptop. I want a new one.
I could go for some Cafe Con Leche right about now!
it's Ay Chihuahua!
RT!! “: Phase 2 of the #MSGTransformation can wait!! Next up: the #Devils. #LetsGoRangers”
Here was our best answer from today's question! RT :Andy cuz its awesome when he headbangs and flips it haha
Essay ready to go now I can just chill for the rest of the weekend :)
No better way to take from bachelorette to bride than with a Burlesque lesson! Let's shimmy, twirl, & pop ladies.
OMGOMGOMGOMG. BRIANNA!! Are you pinching her back to make her smile bigger so that I'll be even sadder?
"Your mothers expendable." Love Howard Stern!
you and my sis has the same spelling name but not the same age.
New handle alert! Did you notice the change in our name? Instead of mentioning us , now tweet at us with the handle
If you down with d #KushCampers RT
Having a glass of whiskey for you right now. Cheers!
Reds pissing me off again!
Our flavors at our Harvard Sq location: Lavender-Honey & Nutella! Come and get it!
You're welcome.
RT : #ScaleConf has been exceptionally excellent. Thanks enormously to and (I concur!)
I want to get a paintball gun and shoot the bike riding idiots who don't know how to bike and act stupid
RT : Every #solopreneur should listen to 's 5 Critical Tests Women Face in 1st Year of Self-Employment...
Getting ready to interview in the Cricket Muve Music lounge! follow Chris and
Hanging out with him today <3 :D
haha the HT is following me too and I never actually lived there. No clue how they found me.
So I just saw this tweet...smmfh RT : Detroit playing...aye IT'S SO COLD IN THE D :)!!!!... LMFAOOOOOO
Freakin Tired! its a Jungle out there......
Why so hawttt?(:
just saw on cnn that arnold and maria are splitting up. weird and sad.
...I accept your challenge of rebellion.
RIP Ryan. You will be missed.
my 24 yo friend committed suicide. We didn't see it coming. We were all blindsided
I guess, but he had fun doing it, even if his good cooking did make me fat in the first couple years we were together.
Like is it the real thing , or is it jus a one night stand! my jam :)
red wine
What's good Atlanta? It's to nice out to be inside let do something!
“: Shortest horror story ever: No nutella left D:” lol I instantly thought of
From Piano Blu: As of Sunday, May 13, 2012, Piano Blu is now CLOSED. We truly want to thank you all for our seven plus years of......
dint sell the ipod yet ima brong the money 2morrow
The fact of the matter is, (as a matter of fact,) facts do matter.
yo point is
I didn't know there was an 18th Street dog park! :-o
I am looking for talented call center professionals. Contact me ASAP if we have worked together previously (Brooklyn & Union, NJ locations)
Now you wanna talk science? Good lord, woman! Pour yourself a drink and watch the Golden Globes. I'm signing off now.
This is so good!
exactly tho a true women wont look for a man to save the day, shell b a bad bitch and do it herself. Shell juss want a PIC
If followed me that would make her so cool and me too.
Passionate about eco-style? Or green and organic? Great at engaging people with your writing? Be part of our team. Msg me for more info.
Why is Michael Connelly so addictive? Reading Black Echo.
Anyone want a shoutout? (:
I love you
I would have dominated that.
Absolutely ! Hope you are doing great!
How Do I Know When He's Online?
I still have this new format for the NFL Draft. This 3hr first not is just a big cock tease.
Tune into 750-AM now to hear a hand of blackjack being played w winnings to
At Peter Luger's. Happy 30th Birthday to my beautiful wife, !
you're welcome :)
Since I'll be at MayDay parade tomorrow, I'm spending the next hour on the couch with coffee & guilty pleasure, Vampire Diaries. #Mom'sDay!
Yeah! they be doing some crazy ass shit! i wish i was one of them!
Dinner last night and lunch today at GT Fish & Oyster; the weekend is off to a fantastic start!
For those in fantasy baseball, Brian Fuentes named closer in Oakland, Casey Janssen Jays closer for now...
Thanks for articulating how I feel about my day today.
I'm bout to win my soccer tournament!!.
Tonight is the night I smile, sing, and bounce to the sweet and sexy music of are you ready Wisconsin?
Coupland Dancehall tonight with Jon Wolfe. Get there early, we go on around 9!
Positive Vibes around me...
Please take the NYS Legislatures advice on Assembly Res No. 01206. Declare May Aviation Appreciation Month in NYS!
ONLY DID WHAT I HAD YESTER. WAS HURTING FIERCE ALL DAY..I'LL GET YA BACK..COUNT ON IT..T/F/S..
um.... just siting here anyone want to talk ??:)
I must still be in conference mode, being terribly efficient today. Brunch, laundry, organizing. Now to pack for a week
I looked ahead to the open road, thought about the people and what they know, and wrote a book called "People Don't Know Nothin"
the day of your concert in NYC is my birthday! but omg if you wished me a happy birthday there I'd be so happy :)
You should bring me some Ice Cream though Lbs :-)
So apparently my stepsister might be on
Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated!
Watching tv
I'll be out there next week, we should meet up.
Looking forward to a night of fashion, beauty and fun! Our kitchen is gearing up for the #SpringFlash at tomorrow!
I need to calm my happy ass down & breathe
The Secret World Of Arrietty Blu-ray does indeed look absolutely gorgeous. An essential Ghibli Blu-ray to own. Light on supplements though.
Uh super hero in de flesh even et ma worse im de best fo de finish istretch..!!!!
Just wrote a remix/ reimagined type version of Smile,This Song Is About You!
yeah a waste of my brain cells.
There's a drug deal going on behind my house. Kinda scary don't you think.
Once, we had a mouse in our house, and it managed to bite a small hole through the bottom of my backpack and then eat the edges of my che...
she about to be ready. you still wanna come? or no.
Meeting with AFL-CIO yesterday was a success! Another partner against ALEC on August 5th!
All my btc lovely !
Nice crowd to be in. Thank you!!! #FF back to you. :-) Enjoy it.
aha how did u find it today?
If you love me, love me unconditional.
haha yeah I was so confused!!
Thanks for mentioning Martin! You are right about the quick links, we'll make them bigger soon!
33 point game for #OKC over
I lost faith in humanity when they cancelled Arrested Development (while According to Jim got like 8 seasons)
I tried to convince myself God was absent in my life. However when left to explain the miracles in my life, I felt His hand guiding me.
So I'm performing a musical this weekend. It's at Lakeside High School in Atlanta, GA. Wanna come? I'll buy your ticket! :)
I think you are so awesome!! Hugs to you Uncle Russ!!
how's u
Me: I can't do legal research for you. Patron: I'm not asking you to. Just tell me what the law is. Me: THAT IS LEGAL RESEARCH.
Trying to explain to what "stay gold" means...even after the movie!?!...
Choas in the morning everything should go find in the show
Look for the opportunities in the difficulties, not the difficulties in the opportunities. ~Victor Fiorelli
Man my imagination gets the best of me!
Tomorrow going to focus my efforts on finding solutions to some of the ISTV studio's needs.
nah, we'll see you next week! returns for
RT S/O to the bff for running a 2:04 tho! She out there doing her thang!
We're excited working on a new section of the website inspired by summer reading lists: The Reading Room.
Taking the good ol AFOQT, huh? I remember those days.
Hahah, I read this and was like, OMG. Is Rachel pregnant?! But then I read on. (;
ahh...didn't know that. Sounds like you have a problem then :/
I am neither especially clever nor especially gifted. I am only very, very curious. ~ Albert Einstein #quote RT
Game 7 @ the Garden tonight!!!! Go Rangers!!!
Study abroad in the summer? Interested in a scholarship? Click on the link to find out more info! www.iie.org/gilman
Meeting at work today. We started telling stories of where we were on 9/11, and we were actually able to start giggling a little about them!
Hello Nasty is trendin right now. Miss ya can't wait to be reuinited with ya
who's still up....
Ha! Watch you last nothing!
Thanks for the follows!
I love going to nice restaurants with him <3 .... only because the food be popping.
Goodbye Texas. Great seeing some new + familiar faces @ #sxsw. it was baller... Saw some awesome acts
im in the kitchen cookin
Album art concepts and design continue.
Guys can deff be hypocrites sometimes.. It's damn stressful
Out this lame ass school !
AUSTIN! Conference for 2 more days. Might need a HAT too.
lesson learned..lol
toast is more or less the only thing I've eaten for the past two weeks
i'll think about it :)
Top-of-the-Week Tip: Brave the Cold in This Chic Cape Styling Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer their fave f
Next kids book my own love: Mordant's Wish by Valerie Coursen. Reading it at their school for Read Across Amer week. Charming. Fun.
One day Imma write a book..maybe 2 b/c I have a few stories to tell that are pretty interesting:)...
was here !
I imagine the kids picked out some real riveting films. Lol
their just trying to get their shot on mtvs "I got a baby's daddy"
That's so cool! Way to go!
Just got an email offering a discount on a "Titanic tribute cruise." Um, no thanks.
It is indeed! Spread the word :)
oh well, bad terms or ok? I'll invite him along
Dare I drive in wedges?!
Just saw #americanreunion! Nice way to wrap it up!
RT i don't think grief has a half-life I think it is always there, undiminished, and gets covered over by other experiences.
I've been thinking a lot about the kind of person I am, who I was, and want to be lately.. some things need to change.
- awesome! have a great trip! best question for vets from my perspective is, what advice do you have for a person my age?
you suck and are stupid but I love you always!!
Great show this morning performing for school groups visiting us at TSAC! Another one TOMORROW at 11am!
What kind of women would I be
What is the case for not bunting there? There must be one......
I'm going somewhere without having decided to go; that may be the only way I will go anywhere and even possibly find the unexpected.
I worry I won't see your face light up again!
yeah I'm back I'll see ya if you go to sams lol
