My dad just got an iPhone! Being the only Apple enthusiast in my family this makes me very happy
I would love to hear about the opportunities
Since they're not participating are you planning to talk to the manager/owner about ? In which case, DM us your # !
yay! im happy for you ;)
RT : maybe Miss Steele was from some sort of anti-tech family who felt tech destroyed the soul. Except iPods.
Ugh...fuck ur feelings amateur hour is now over
Dr. Jung is providing an overview of successful #EconomicDevelopment; saying "#Riverside is a model"
yes! anytime!
That wraps up day 2, see you back tomorrow at noon (EST).
My mini me is sick!!! No bueno!
Rich Peverley led all #Bruins forwards with 6:56 of ice time in 1st. Boychuk led the defense with 7:31.
Feeling a bit over-exerted tonight.. I DO feel that tomorrow is going to be promising!! New day - New possibilities :o)
What are your plans for Valentine's Day? How will you celebrate in Denver?
Philadelphia Youth Media Collaborative forms in the fall of 2011 and starts youth media collaboration in Philly
can we hear "cherry blossom pie" and "cherry blossom ice cream". Oh yea! .
The NFL Draft is getting closer, who are the Packers going to take? Follow
I want some pasta 2
sitting next to two outrageously pretentious art museum snob-o-philes. ass monkeys have no clue.
Cut down on excessive talking during an audition, unless you are trying to bang the sign in girl.
Rule Number 2: Forgive whole heartedly
S/O to #NF #StonerNation Hell Yeah(;
America is a little bit better off tonight. Bye, Bye Murtha.
RT Mix tapes do not impress me. State championships, consistency, desire to max out what you have, now that's impressive.
Very touching tribute to Carl Beane before the game. Glad I tuned in early.
hahahaha naw Im not a lesbian (: hahah. I wanna look at houses with you guys if you go like walk through them!!!!
you should have seen him last night, wow was he mad at his friend Samantha!
Back to da $$Money$$ early in da A.M!
Red robin
Overheard @ #casesmc11: Q: "Where are you going for lunch?" A: "I don't know, but somewhere with #SCVNGR."
chyeaah right. last year was your best shot, Wisconsin 2-0 vs. K-State in NCAA tourney.
Because wrapping the taco in a giant Dorito was the missing ingredient to making it palatable... wtf
danng you must of been like screaming! howd they hear you though? they are legit deaf!
Super excited about what's down the pipe. #GAWLF2012!!!
I think it's the reassurance provided by the familiar little creature on the orange background in the logo.
WHY is it cold ? -_______- Ugh
gotta hustle for the rebounds!!!!
Sure, but that requires actual "thinking" and some minor math skills...not to mention a dull headline. #fast&loosefacts
Let all that I am wait quietly before God, for my hope is in him. -Psalm 62:5, NLT
I got so much love for all my ppls!!!!
in the population game women outnumber men; your female friends are lookin' for the same thing you are: not enough to go around:-)
how about fat people when they want to eat they show there pic of the food on fb lol
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
#hardrockcasino #scarletts #FortLauderdale anywhere you want to go 6 hour #limousine only $250 tonight only www.5-star-limos.com
Romney policies are updated versions of Bush-era programs.
Hanging out online on with and (follow hashtag #npdata) to learn about "Becoming a Data-Driven Organization."
wrong on all 3. Only Odom, the Glove, and the PG in question even avg'ed 5APG playing w/ Kobe. I'll give a shot...
My mom is obsessing over her new juicer.
#BigFuture is unique as it presents the A-Z of college planning in a simple, engaging way. It's free, student-centered, and authoritative.
RT : We're looking forward to Phorum 2012 tomorrow. Stop by and check out what we have to offer.
To say the least.
chocolate overload.
ah lakers all over my timeline !.
that's funny I was just about to do the same
Whole lot of flip flops up in here at the #UT Fine #Arts #Internship and Networking Fair.
The mfs some of you bring in my mentions <<<
is a combination of literature and interactive learning. we enhance author content and teaching tools with multimedia apps.
No way cause I'd wanna kill somebody when they talked or a phone rang. Cool idea though.
7 weeks of school left! (:
This! RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
So Wells Fargo has taken MY MONEY out of my accout!! 
I'm loving the sound of this rain right now
Haha I'm done with you, how you going to like someone else & still try be with me. And tell me to change, fuck that. Your not the one.
where have you and V been?
lol. Good job though!
you are going to guide our way for 18, let's take it, supporting you and the team all the way!!! bring the banner home!!!
See website for character descriptions and information at www.simboya.com
I told he should stop doing that or would get way too spoiled! What am I getting in to??
"Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate." ~Barnett R. Brickner
Yes! excited to have u on the big show!“: Might I actually get to meet the infamous ?
HoeLies #79: It's a bad picture, I look better in real life.
Naps always make my head fuzzy.
At the drawing board once again...
Must be lonely at the top.
lol sucks for you. Love u
Not a whole lot. Just got to work. But thankfully I don't have to be here all day. :)
Yikes!! RT : BREAKING: Police say 6 killed, 3 wounded in Southern California salon shooting -CC
That is fantastic! Congratulations!
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I realized holidays are simply a muse for mortals to act like vampires aren't awesome, and life is good.
I got 4,627 problems and 697 of them are toothpicks, 884 of them are threads on my pillow, 3,045 are leaves on these trees, and OCD is 1.
#DodgerOpeningDay fight in infield reserve. #LAPD on it like they were being given free donuts. No fights in outfield bleachers.
Jus Left Rays Boom Boom Room! Lmao~
“Anybody who criticizes you is a wimp. So be you. And be you loud, and be you strong, and be you to the maximum.”
: Horrible Histories, youtube.com and Music for History Lovers also youtube.com or it may be titled History for Music lovers.
I must reach 1,000 tweets before the end of the year..
*loads the Degabong*
Thank you for helping and with that amazing sundae!
RoC Mar on stage BITCH!
Rob Machado sighting
Been a while man!!!
Good win tonight, boys! On to Boca!
are you following ? not to sound the horns for my library alma mater, but they have an amazing twitter feed! bored no longer!
Don't worry, Bed, I could never leave you. I love you.
Thank you so much!
following and you should, too. she is awesome!
cuz you're our dude. Lookin out for tou
sounds like u are screwed.
If you go on a safari and you get chased by a lion,a monkey stole your lunch,and a hippo flipped your canoe did you have a good time or not?
50 Likes We Will Drop A New Song!
“ I am le tired.” ditto and by the looks of this rain I'm also "le not going to the royals game today."
Karl Malone,Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan,who are you taking?
follow me on twitter
how do you like twitter?!
Dad Im tired can We go home yet???
"Freshman going to prom? I'm a junior, why can't I get a date?!" "Because you didn't give head to half the senior class..."
I know I saw omg GRATS your so lucky !!!! I can't wait until the day ari tweets me !
The Bee Movie: Free Family outing on #Maui this Sunday April 22 at Doors open at 5:30
Wow! She has a BETTER sound that J.Lo any day :D Sweet video!
Alriight Haley you win lol RT haha whatever. I just punked him on stats after trying to make me
Highly recommend the Nantes and HIM live in 2001. Great era. This site is still missing some goodies :)
Hello old friends Wrinkle Neck Mules. I did not realize how much I missed you -- or how long it had been (too long).
tweet me. dm me.
Anyone know anything about the "Cespedes legal situation" just tweeted about? ?
It feels good to be missed sometimes ❤💜💛💙💚
Its so cool that is also team Jermaine like me <3 c:
Hosting 's Business Summit for 250+ Students/#Entrepreneurs at Columbus Circle at #NYIT. Would u be Interested?
#POTUS #SOTU thank you for the battle cry. We are with you.
Watching 's shots on the O'Haney project is making me laugh. it comes with time. #good effort
Jews don't tweet kike; Asians don't tweet chink; Hispanics don't tweet spic; Mexicans don't tweet wetback - yet Blacks tweet nigger/a A LOT?
hahaha. he was hot in that movie!
Only seen the pilot. It's good, but it's no #DoctorWho. I think I may watch #Torchwood soon. Love me some Captain Jack.
in a time like this all you can do is fight it and never give in to the haters. live your life not mine.
RT : Great! If anything else comes up, let me know! -Becki >> Thank you #Cox for having Becki avail on Twitter!
RT : Just read another Kindle eBook and dismayed again at the number of typos. Publishers really need to clean this up.
I'm sorry you feel that way, that's why the radio has tons of channels to choose from, and changing channels is easy.
Info page is up you guys, check it out www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com make sure to email me and join the mailing list. more to come soon.
Remember when Randall Delgado was fast? Me neither.
I had a client who's hubby couldn't launch his idea so she hired me to coach him (not norm), we launched in 3 months.
it's called the jazz nod. Prestigious honor... I've really only known Stevie Wonder and Radio Head to get it.
(1/2) DJing a philosophy conference party this week. Really hard composing setlist for such an undefined & diverse musical target/taste.
Gotta Follow For a shout out.
Yay!! I made the trailer :) well...my picture anyway. Congrats guys!
To the ultimate big cheese (I mean of PW-paragraph fame): humbly requesting some big cheese & chocolate from France. xoxo, Rachel
Because they are amazing!
no worries, see you today
Chk out team-member, on the Show tonight (heard locally on ) discussing our LOCAL SF film !
You have insomnia too? Why am I awake????
I can't believe we're not up 1-0 right now....I mean, all you have to do is hit the frickin net!!
She RATCHET !
Tonight! Danger Snack Does... 1030pm in the Loft
#imagine Harry is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
I HOPE IPWV_EXTENDED VERSION Beats Phineas and Ferb's movie in views!
Finally got around to watching The Graduate. Did not know Mr Feeny was in it.
Dad needs to realize when he's wrong and stop ignoring everyone else's opinions...
i hate it when they lip sync! its like a waste of money! i'd much rather see them singing for real and feel their emotion.
For those who have been abandoned by bio-mom, learn to appreciate the mother figure in your life.
How dare you say vin likes you.
If we don't all of what this picture stands for is lost.
I'm a unicorn (: #greeneyes <3
We had 6 NBA players on the team this year, which is way more than the Bobcats had.
Workout time!!!
Very beautiful and amazing. You guys showcase the mysteries of the African continent like no one else!
Welcoming the new year with an open heart and mind.
Escape the monsoon outside and drop into Beckett's for Ladies’ night specials!
Finally lunch time in this country place that i work .
Looking forward to watching you break out the cooking skills. 2/3 is on the calendar.
indeed, the only thing I find interesting about it is it's one of the only plays without a clear textual source
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. -Anaïs Nin
only in conjunction with girls in skimpy clothing. Otherwise it just gets weird
excellent--it ought to be a good 'un. and their holdings of course are mindboggling.
“: single after 3.5 years ! lol” like you won't get back together or something.
Happy Mothers Day ! xo
of course! It really changed my thinking about food so hopefully other people will check it out too.
Super excited!! RT : Excited to have at Ingram today to talk about his new book, Platform!
In 2012 why do they still distribute phone books automatically? You should have to pay if you want one. & Yes, I do advertise in it.
Why would the only guy to probably ever hit a ball to the top deck at Petco need PEDs again?
Danger making me cry and all.
Two essays on two digital editions due in two days' time. TG for #DevonThinkPro and #Zotero! Plus shoutout to for #OO guidance!
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts.
no defense in any major sport these days.
Yes!! I am trying to make sure my gauge is right. I so rarely do that. Bad knitter! :)
hope you love your hair!
listening to the whole dead throne album, can never get tired of it. :)
#STAMPEDE is going to be amazing! RT : #TACC will introduce a 20 Petaflop supercomputer with Dell this year
going out for a run to rid myself of excess pounds :P
Great start!
Second Course....
Best surprise you ever found in your lunchbox? (Or put in one?)
I wish you were still in chicago.
Most students do not think that studying History is cool, so be cool with your lesson planning.
Here we go! SEAS Class Day 2012!
RT: Create something, it will be yours forever.
DONT YOU FALL ASLEEP!!!! you got this
Generations - suggested that a young, professional of color wear a suit to a SD Bus Journal event. Still goes back to company culture.
Worst night e ever!:/
bree I thing your pretty would u like to go on a date next time your in philadelphia
The Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt is on right now! Tune in and check it out!!! WSUPFL.com
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will always run faster
how can we be involved? Popgh.com
Now she wanna photo you already know though u only live once thats the motto
Man City vs Man United. Right now. (Oh, and Bowling Green Hot Rods lead WI Timber Rattlers 2-1 in 7th, via ).
If only.
what's the matter?
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life.
But always be true to yourself ! No body can break u down! #StayStrong !!
thanks, good to see u too, bless.
Grabbing lunch, and heading into the office for a bit to do some work.
major headache...way to start my Saturday
Spring has officially arrived - the lamenting started today that the office windows don't open.
no tips other than follow with shower like Dustin Brown and many other NHL'ers
Every time I turn on the TV, I remember why I don't watch TV.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing. – Eugene Delacroix
Free Chipotle in the student center!
nah i'm no ginger
Can't wait for the championship game, march madness at its finest
Huh? I live in Wisconsin... you don't. I know how things work here. In all seriousness where do you get your info?
Good Morning to all my Peeps! Have a wonderful and blessed day :)
When does Robin Hood open?
Forgiving yourself of the past is important. Have you forgiven yourself?
RT #Pisces does not control any part of a relationship. They receive with open arms, legs and heart. Be good to them.
Thanks for stopping in! Have a Merry Christmas!!
Band yelling bad pseudo-Dwight-Yoakam-Let's-Work-Together probs outside Indian restaurant, ruining D2 Mighty Ducks. Not S enuf on S.Congress
oh thanks! ;)
Imma addicted to the drug trade
prayers, happy thoughts, and good karma are coming your way! Thank YOU for blessing US with that beautiful voice 😊
Why are y'all getting me fired up at fucking midnight. Dammit! Ps. Don't wake
I was thinking that.
he is risen indeed
can I have the link?
Two more days until Kylie!
you got that right!
we now know what would Jesus do?
Maybe we could do a dinner for all members too..
this was really good advice
Stay safe #studyabroad friends affected by #irene. Thinking of you all!
its okay
more finals of what? Placing higher than 3rd in the west has done you tons of good hasn't it
super bored
Monolingualism is a serious problem but here at SPI we can cure that.
Not exactly sure how hot "fuck" is, but yeah, hot as that....100, easy
So many great workshops today @ #NYLA11 which ones are you attending?
its pretty sweet
Got my prom date! :D...again...lolol
what's a jarm ?
RT : In case you're new to this, #hff12 is the official hashtag for the 2012 Hollywood Fringe Festival
New to Twitter, but would definitely like to connect with my Facebook friends and keep them in formed with it... "come.. follow me"
in my day that was simply a hot toddy..
has reportedly split from boyfriend
i use a combo of read later and pinboard
So true. And sad.
im on skype..
Pool Party Sunday #BATHE dont ask about it, be about it! Hit up for details :-)
doing fundraiser for on Saturday! Will be a great time.
Got a new phone. Thats why I havent been on. Sorry if i missed your messages!
9am isn't that early if you don't get "trolé" ;)
“ #Aquarius are very private.”
I get back to work from vacation to find that someone in the front office used all my French Vanilla creamer in the break room.
its soo good i add lemonade to make it sweeter!:b
@ yup. Grew up in the middle of an orange grove!
You know that thing about laughing so hard till your stomach hurts......it's true
the eve of the new era, and some1 should snap a gorgeous pic of this moonrise over the officials tower!!
Tonight! Market: Yann Tiersen, : The Black Keys w/Arctic Monkeys and : Black Moth Super Rainbow
Never Reponds to IMPORTANT @'s
Next Big Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a constructive outlet in which to showcase their talent. Go 2 www.nextbigteen.com
I hope we will have a snowday tomorrow, but not holding my breath.
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. - Wayne Dyer
Workout Wed: Vary your routine by adding interval ( inten/decreases) in workout or try something new. Activate those muscles!
who is authority? :) whoever that is, should have stepped in
Still got so much shit on my mind
See why kids at a middle school in Texas transformed their entire library! Tune in this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 10. have them tell me they love me♥
#Things Bums Say, ''I bet you aint tryna share that piece of bacon'' Lol
I must need a plastic tray to make my apple, egg, grapes, cheese, bread & taste as like the #Starbucks protein bistro box.
well then I will have to come back to Alaska and visit with you. Any bites on bringing me back?
Making some changes to twitter deleting those who are not Mutual so excuse the inconvenience and confusion
There are very few rewards to contributing to a scientific collaboration network. Rewards are still mostly for papers.
Filling the voids in your soul with stuff doesn't work. Believe me. I just bought myself a power drill and an electric pencil sharpener.
You are a m a z i n g. Just wanted to tell you that. :)
Miss ya!
Just because it's trending...
Thanks for liking my page John! :-)
Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers - THE 2009 NBA CHAMPS!!
Pack @ Chargers on NFLN. That was a great time.
If declares war on the environment today in OK, he will see the people who put him in office turn against him in droves.
House and dog sitting with kids. Training them early Carter 7, Stella 5.
im sitting by arthur god no
On the air in a few minutes on KLNT 1490 AM with the inaugural game of your !
We have a problem, guy. Text me.
weekend plans: Fri- Inspiring more AVID students, Sat- family/friend time+ wine, Sun- Malibu time. Gotta cherish the moments
That's awesome! You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow!!
Maan i didn't know Busta Rhymes was in Halloween
Good times at for "Business After 5" last night - performance students strutting their stuff. Ka pai!
haha hope so!
Working w/ CMS on a site. From a dev perspective: flexible, compact, intutive. My new go-to CMS! +5 Agility to the Perch team!
Congrats , on the win tonight!!
No way. Serious??
I LOVE that my love of music is shared by and with my son Rockin' #johnmayerlive at his suggestion. Awesome!
how's the fight going?
No!!! you made the wrong choice
got an adorable purse todayy!
you cant stand iJever?why?
wowsers, I see he's scratched now. That changed the complextion very much.
i just wrote "can be knowed"
Getting a massage in an hour!
hope that #garretanderson resurfaces in a low-pressure situation and resumes his unlikely quest for 3,000...gonna miss ya, even at .181,
thanks james!
Are You Sure ^___^ Your Sleepy.!
thanks i think ive found a way to combine graphic design and communications so I only gna get better at these animated infographics
another 4-5 years before we run aground in Flash
get the same from my clients & friends or training at the gym ! Got to stay motivated to reach ~:-)
Practicing for choir <3 Gotta love the music from Phantom of the Opera! (:
At least he started all 18 games last year, I'm not sure the same can be said or achieved by Payton. What about throwing?
King has the HS ranking in the bag.. I sure hope comes around!
Gil hows everything going?
Thank you for your support. It is well appreciated!
First Auditions for principal roles tomorrow in Pittsburgh! Still time to send in your resumes or video submissions!
- still can't send the DM, I think you have to follow me
of course. Have a friend who has stage 4 colon cancer. I know how tough it can be :/
Winning was in the effort...so he learned...I think:)
#of teams say Deuce McAllister RT : best comp for Chris Polk: a poor man's Steven Jackson. Not as athletic, but similar styles
There's not much snow...
i just wanna live, i wish i could breathe.
Playing apple baseball with fake apples! Haha I love :)
yes I kno! Have u gotten tickets already?
Ytf is my ex lying about studying culinary at csu?? He took ONE class in music/media like 12yrs ago
Cannot wait for The Avengers to come out!
Omg I love type! Yea hamilton wood type museum!!!!!!!!!
Lol. I wouldn't bet on it. RT : Clippers can beat the Spurs. They got way too many weapons
My point is ur analogy wrong. Right now we need more national support (not just DNC) 4 unique race/situation
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
right now when I see you(:
did carnie just do what I think she did on stage
Sure thing! (:
Just watched the Clippers press conference and I'm SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Happiness is having maintenance show up to move lots of old furniture, shelving, file cabinets tagged TRASH. All going to better homes.
<<Diddy teach the dudes to keep their swagger up!
When do we get our yearbooks?
The best that happen to me is when i got a dm from the best diua in the wwe
God won't send us ANYTHING if we aren't prepared and ready to receive it. Be pure, be clear, be ready.
Good morning :)
#nowPlaying North North - Project Pat
In all fairness, Boozer may not have been the answer this series but he is definitely not the problem
S/o too all myy wonderful followers :) muahzz*xOxO
Fascinating. Wow!
even though I don't believe in the curse, I still voted against him...
#Career Advice Pearl: The spirit you build with your team is a sustainable competitive advantage. Praise/Reward your team for performance.
Nicki Minaj look like at a Space Cadet!!!!!
I Love My Boyfriend , Even When He's An Asshole :) <33
Yeah Braun! I'll see you in Arizona sir!!
Should I stay or should I go now? If I go there will be trouble. If I stay there will be double!
4 days...... :O where did this week go?
I love it when I wake up before my alarm clock goes off.
so...uhm...like, we have a date tomorrow right? ;)
i am your girl:P
Huey Mack is actually pretty damn good
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests<<<<
Bieber-gender.
saying goodbye to makes my heart ache </3
Do you realize that in just 2 weeks of running you've reduced your mile time by 57 seconds? Couch to 5k works! Keep it up!
Microfiche is so cool.
In Richmond, VA area? Forest City's Tobacco Row - unique adaptive re-use project and they're putting 57" touchscreen to great marketing use!
My first ever conference presentation tomorrow! Looking forward to hearing reactions to my characterization of water planning in CA.
I leave Monday & was hoping to stay thru the weekend but not sure yet. Ok, cool.....will come if I'm here.
I hate depending on niggas for rides, if something ever happens to my car I'm fucking killing myself.
Well good thing youre back in the US! its only 4:12 (:
i was going to go dress shopping today but that has changed to a doctors appointment ): blah.
sorry to see Landscape Futures come down this week. How's your new map project?
easy to spot with that hair :)
I never kiss and tell. (:
The fact that everyone in my family loves football in my family besides me is never fun on my part.....
A-W-E - Some call me awesome
#GoCLIPPERS!! RT : #ClipperNation stand up! We need everyone support tomorrow night. We cant do it without you guys
Heading in to my third stats test of the semester--a quarter of my grade. Send happy, don't-f-up-your-basic-math thoughts my way!
What did you have for lunch today? With this weather, warm soup sounds good to me ... - Theresa Lucas
That son of Jor-El kept screwing up my deliveries this week. KNEEL BEFORE BAKED GOODS!
Pacific beach was good to me last night!
all this time I kept thinking.. She looks like someone I know... Emma Stone!
i mean Everybody gosh my ipod with the small keys
Craving Italian food at 7am. Not pregnant, just on a diet and dreaming. M, chicken Bryan.
chillin planin a trip for my vacation!
I am literally obsessed with ancient aliens... the show blows my mind!
my room is so hot omg thank god for fans~~~
I've never even heard of it. Am I way behind the curve??? Are you going to wow me with a recipe? :)
10 new hires ready for my 10/24 orientation. Are you ready to join #Gentiva? Let's talk!
Watch The ToeTappy Video Everyday And Vote (: Can I Get A Follow Please :D
Ouch. Just upgraded to a EVO #D recently. Love it. Wife upgraded to a Nexus 4G, too. I almost wish I had chosen that.
Dont fall in love with somebody you can live with,fall in love with someone you cant live without..[: <3
shares a writing project: "Have a great story to share? Write it on a napkin and leave it on a cop’s windshield."
I was gonna hit "Follow All" on 's account until I realized she had a board named "Fonts" #TooNerdy ;-)
Don't get me wrong its the talentless mediocre pop stuff that sells so gotta do it! :) glad Jack White still doing his thing!
RT-great day// Nice!!
I'm at the Horizon Project retreat, celebrating 10 years of research into emerging technology in education.
Don't we all
"Keep it G ...rated please, there are little kids around."
Thanks to all of our supporters who attended the 2010 Walk to Empower corporate breakfast yesterday.
We can only hope!
Wrong Side of a Love Song is the ..ish
don't tell that hoe you coming skeet all in her throat
Shame that I have to close the blinds in the office. It's TOO sunny in Seattle :)
Minus the hangover + Casa haha RT : or the hangover
I think that that just became part of your to-do list. Who would you write about first?
I see ya. Looking good!
Of course! We hope to see you again soon! RT and thank you for yet another wonderful dining experience. :)
Blood. Ice covered in blood! Thats what youd see if you opened courtneys freezer. We stuck our tongues to the freezer bar!.
i have 777 followers. i've apparently hit the twitter jackpot. this is like that time in vegas when i won $5 and then lost $50.
RT done with thanksgiving food and back to good ole healthy diet and exercise. today isn't gunna be too fun.
First time tweetin'. We will see how it all goes
Thought for Today: "If an article is attractive, or useful, or inexpensive, they'll stop making it tomorrow; if it's all three, they stopped
If Cher supported Walker, I'd have to reconsider Barrett. Haha! (Assuming he can remember yesterday)
feels good to be home!!
man I miss you too! New music video coming soon!!
Manchester United VS. Newcastle LIVE at Noon!
I'm literally about to throw myself out of this moving vehicle. SHUT THE FUCK UP OH MY GOD
Blunt Blowing !
i wish would RT this i would be so #greatful(:
I need to hit up Chris Breezy concert!
I hate it when it breeches & I've got to turn it around. “: I just felt the foodbaby kick. Time to go to the delivery room!”
Looking good Devin!
I love savannah.. We'll make it happen this year -jw
Healthcare costs per capita in the U S 'r the highest in th world, & leave our population uninsured or underinsured without access to care
hi sam.
Jksnfosdjngosdvosdinosidvn #Bachelorette this Jackson guy who is a "fitness model"
Making us sweeter? Could sugar BE any sweeter?
I leave the screen black, pretend to scroll twitter and email. It's very fulfilling. If I pretend to watch video, it dies.
Why did the ginger's shoes wear out so quickly? Because they had no soles! Hahaha
Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the Quad at 12-4 tmmr to learn about how you can do your part to end homelessness!
its sprinkling in san diego! love it!
You sharing recipes?
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
dats all u can do its keep it movin but u went back up da road
I usually just use my own hardware to avoid the headache.
I need to go to sleep
Yes girl! Of course Clark's
You're all fuckers
Exactly. He's a good wrestler, but he holds it all back due to his gimmick.
good to catch up! We need to get together soon!
The Disallowed Goal doesn't matter anymore, GERMANY BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF ENGLAND! GO GERMANY!
Missouri House Education committee hearing HB 1043 requiring 1/3 of a formula funding shortfall to come from "hold harmless" districts.
Loving new #music by & : 2 brand-new albums contrast well.
you tweet a lot about Sunny D haha
Then one of his girlfriends was all "Why are you always in your undies?" and I was like "IF YOU PLAN ON MARRYING MY BROTHER, GET USED TO IT"
I been busy like hell ready to get it in, in da lab
Sorry, but I don't need any part-time people in my life.. You're either with me or you're not. You can't just come and go as you please.....
also rugrats, angry beavers, and rockos modern life. Now all I need is some Pete & Pete and Legends of the Hidden Temple and Im a kid again!
I am sad about Meg Ryan's face.
chance for rain on Saturday only up until noonish. Skies will begin to clear out afterwards. Sat night looks nice!
Lemmme know how i taste
I want to be on a beach somewhere; drink in hand, and worry free for a day...
GTL with minus the L
headed home after a great week in fort worth with the rest of the team
I didn't want to get out of bed this morning and probably won't want to tomorrow either...
I'll split it in half
So the quest for info begins... Sigma out...
Imagination equips us to see a reality we have yet to create. Take five minutes today and daydream about something important to you.
Once you start . . .
Any Democratic Senators in Wisconsin need a place to hide? I'm not too far from Wisconsin - you can crash at my place!
we like you too. Thanks.
haha I saw that Owen, you're famous!!!!!!!
we make a very terrible mistake by letting love pass us by.. que te pasa mami?
Just had Alexis () Ohanian say really strange things to me. It was magical.
Sounds like fun! Open today @ 4pm! Gallery Nite on Friday! Be excited!
The growth and prosperity of any state is in proportion to the number of landed proprietors.
Thank God I met you
has been out and about. You on AIM?
only if I knew someone that can hook me up X)
we should live until we die
I'm an artist in the WestLoop, and I'd love to connect with you.
Welcome, shiny one.
#DidYouKnow? Fort Greene Park is Brooklyn’s 1st park & originally the site of forts during the Revolutionary War & War of 1812!
Montezuma is such a beautiful song.
Luc Richard isn't crashing the boards at all. This is pathetic.
happy thanksgiveing everyone =)
Wen my crush likes a bitchs pic on Fb and comments u look Hot,Beautiful,gorgeous,Cute I get jealous Tuhhh >.< :x..:/
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
congrats on playoff win.
Leonard makes the circus shot. Spurs go up 4-2
Thanks LIPA! My house is back and juiced up
Dang my granny ask alot of questions
haha great minds think alike that's what I'm doing now lol I think I'll b fine
Getting ready to go out in a bit :-)
Did you know that transgendered populations are hugely affected by #HIV representing over 28% of infections?
Just change the file name of your JS or CSS file. Append the date or something. Browsers will see a new file and grab it.
It makes me sick. After I found out how Teresa cheated on him, it's whatever makes him happy. WHO IN HELL would cheat on ST?
She keep tagging her ass lol
i know i strongly dislike him as well!
Watching a karate class full of 5 and 6 year olds so frigging cute!!!ayah!!
for once I am glad to be at work...
Traveling home from home - Wilmington
not if YOUR the one being tickled... But at least there's no homework
oh really, that cool
Congrats to and for their roles on GCB! I loved seeing you talented girls on the show tonight!
Shannon says he loves you ;)
going to the #jrorangebowlparade with the best nicole toloza
Hello, summertime! It's nice to see you again. :)
Hey-O!
If Frank is scared, what chance do we have?
Should we start a Kickstarter?
best workplace birthday policy: celebrate group birthdays once a month and spend that cake money on desert catering and a party. FABULOUS!
theyd have to buy it!
Back at the crib :D
Kindle FIRE=good yet bad. I thought I would read, but I've been doing a lot of playing.
If my dad catches me on the phone so late, he'll kick both of our little tushies lol
awesome! Enjoy and feel free to share the feast! ;)
Watching Florence & The Machine do their thing... Snoop & Dre finally next!
I'll never be noticed by my idols 1D LOVE UU
Awesome. I have been disconnected for most of the last two days. Thanks for this.
Dreamt I was made of Photoshop layers and I was trying to select my headache to delete it, ended up filtering myself into a watercolor.
When you die, can I have your stuff?
Thank you for ShareKit, so much time saved.
Right after I get makeup on.
Happy birthday, Christopher Hitchens. Get well soon and keep kicking ass.
MOST Contaminated Fruits/Veggies (Buy Organic)Peach,Apple,Bell Peppers,Celery,Stawberries,Cherries,Kale,Spinach,Carrots,Pear,Potatoes
Damn I am about to drive all the way back to Houston. So tired -.-
<---- love u lots u made meeh feel bttr thx:) Gota go bye "follow him he's the bst BELIEBER:)
what did it do?
I miss the old Lupe Fiasco man...smh
&' #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet GET IT TRENDING WORLDWIDE ! <3' WE CAN DO THIS (:
Red hair don't care.
I'm going to stop taking birth control the next time we fight and trap you forever
I have to work today????? A one day job..... and dont get paid.... On the bright side. NO SCHOOL
omg no shut up!! I want some!!
Shhh > : secret's out > let's not tell anyone how bitchin' it is ===> Shh! Let's keep our little secret
Just read a haunting column written by an Iraq war vet. So powerful.
Inter Vivos => Between living persons
too many
Today's Quote: "Grown don't mean nothing to a mother. A child is a child. They get bigger, older, but grown? What's that suppose to mean? In
#IFindThatAttractive athletic men. Cause in athletic too and yes! i will watch sports with u. Lol just fuck golf BORING!
Yeah, American dollars. It's more than the company, the biggest media group in Turkey, is worth, all assets considered.
You should try a ripple ePortfolio. Check us out!
Dear autocorrect: I meant "good morning." Not "good Niebuhr" or "good mutiny."
Love the one you with...?
I posted lots of pics w/my check-ins : Wow what a great turnout tonight! Thank you everyone
whats a good cheap app to view/edit word/excel docs?
Engine28 is coming down the tracks. June 15.
OMG baby birds this stalker chic Mary Prantil does have criminal records!!! WOW tweeps!!!
well, I haven't seen Sorcerers Apprentice yet..
hello we won the Miami fl tournament and I wondering if by any chance u can send me info for the finals?
looks like storm is finally here. Cazy wind. Lots of rain. Still have elec. 1 casualty - TOMATO PLANT DOWN! Repeat tomato plant down.
thanks 4 that follow back i will enjoy following u ;)
further systemically harmful gender roles via social networking because you have no idea why other than youre stupid
thanks for the love ward!
cue the rimshot
Well this is a real wrath-of-god kind of hailstorm.
WILSON'S FOOD FAMOUS FOR HOT TAMALES CLEVELAND OHIO WERE WE WIN WIN WIN!!!!!!
Are you a local business, if so check out our local packages
Tired dealing with grumps....lol
They too excited for school to be out cause they clowning.
At the High Museum
Up with this bullshit I will not put.
with campolo right
Houston we have a problem =\
“: So we're going to be in Afghanistan until 2024. That went well.”
In the same county as Mario Lopez. :))
No worries! We are ALL still learning ... drinking wine seems to help, though.
too late! I didn't get your text Putanga :(
Am I the only one who finds the Invisible Children vans funny?
Congrats! RT : Congrats for beating her time goal on her first #halfmarathon You Rock, girl! So proud!
Attention 2012 grads of the School of Foreign Service: Don't forget to use #Hoyas2012 for your graduation twitter needs :) Congratulations!
been trying forvever...
thanks for the love... watches are $25 but worth it to give a child #onechance to beat the odds of the slums in Kenya.
I enjoy her n i dn even see her
When the dude's tupay (spelling) flipped up the the factory!!!!! LOL
Check out the Black Friday sale over at - still wearing and loving their kicks - one of the better golf shoe deals out there.
you liked that tweet bro? Lmao
No I don't. Got a new phone but still have the same number.
When your grandparents come home and save you from going to school the next day <3 :P
sounds like an amazing trip!
yes i am xD thanks!!
Heard multiple times during draft week: "I recognize you from Twitter." How networking has changed...
The sun is out and bright! It's a good day to be on the #phametour - we leave for Estacada in 15 minutes!
Social Media pro-tip: Don't link to articles behind closed paywalls/gateways that need a login. :)
I really wish i knew what i wanted my career to be
Are Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison gonna be doing commercials together 15 yrs from now, the way Steve Young and Jerry Rice are now?
Eberle! Come on #Oilers do it for the orange and blue!
AH. I hate having to wait til the next week to see the next episode of a show! #Smash!
so what are you up too
Good point. The Romans were pretty savage.
I need to do some research
Pandora radio is da best thing sense peanut butter n jelly!!!
Thanks for RTing our Extras call, will be a fun shoot!
Going to fort worth today for a meeting should be fun.
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you support it a lifetime.-- Unknown
haha, no Its from mean girls. & lol but my Great Grandpa did invent the sticky & non sticky photo corners for scrap books :)
Who took that picture? It's amazingg! I love neewwyorrrkkk♥
Then Hes Comin Back To Texas!? (:
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Have on sweat pants with basketball shorts underneath....lol
wtf. is that girl radicalized for life now?
Haha. The match highlights were some fans flying flags & the players coming out of the tunnel. That was it!<sarcasm>Great game</end sarcasm>
Does anyone have anything intriguing to share? Want to learn something new.
Walt must have been such an amazing fellow.
Quick reminder for those at #oms12: Biz blogging as hub of content marketing strategy. Today at 11:45 Sapphire E.
you're welcome and thank you kindly for the mentions!
Can I just say these last 2 weeks have been care free & nothing to worry about. That's all I need :)
we should hang out soon and watch movies. yes?
I need to get my iPod screen fixed.. Pieces are falling out 😥
Im in need of help dammit! If this falls through first to help me out can have tix
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Question! I'm about to add #Synephrine to my fat burner how many milligrams should I consume?
Fort Worth! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I try to get Em help me create bedtime stories as much as possible. They usually involve trains and farm animals.
---i will b there!
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it.William Faulkner
I think deserves it, it we definitely a pro-active move.
my sister told me to ask you to hook her up with Jake
Never argue w/ an idiot, they will drag you down to their level & beat you w/ experience.
what do you do in LA when it rains? i would say go to the mall, but most of them don't have a roof.
RT : RT : Congrats on getting 100,000+ followers! :D You deserve it. <==== I just wanna hit 1,000 :/
Looking to connect with more #actors, #directors, #agents...anyone in the business lets #network!
hey tx for the pointer to Steins Flirting at Bon Marche piece: what a fabulous piece to teach! Will be my go-to Stein henceforth...
#teamfollowback I got yall my new followers I will follow yall back
Athens to Memphis to see Matt Chamberlain!
#FengShui: Yin/Yang means 2 opposites. This is true for everything in life: male/female, day/night - POSITIVE thought or negative - CHOOSE.
earlier at #OccupyChi conference i looked down the aisle and thought for a second that this one white haired man was Bill Clinton
#Galtung's mediation is about transforming the system and offering a new reality, not about simply compromising.
also, does it matter who uw is competing against? Losing out to vandy is embarrassing for this program
scary movies aren't meant to watch alone 😖
We Will See About That Baby This Weekend ^...^
I doubt he realizes I like him more than anything...I hatte myself so much.
"A wise man never knows all, only a fool knows everything."
make it happen
~New Moon!~
8 days until . Final long run complete.
is rockin it out this morning! Way to pull out all the stops with some awesome summer jams, woot!
Issue 108 has + so much more. Grab one for free and be in the know!
I hate staying after school.. just finished my math test.. time to gtfo of here now..
I think I'm getting this figured out. The thing I'm feeling is why most people drive cars here. The bus system is confusing.
yes, her name is Aunt Rachel.
whatever brah, ill do pushups in 110 degree weather.
we are making #progress and we cant afford to let the gop take us back to the stone age
When are we going to talk UTSA to C-USA, Taylor!
Being from Indiana, March Madness is must see TV because basketball isn't just a sport, it's more like a religion.
yes sir and my bad it's 6 HR's....
and the d@%& plays in a dome. Come on holden, real football.
I couldn't ask for a better best friend. She always makes me laugh and is always there. She's like my only true friend.
Don't know him personally. Just think he's a pretty good reporter. I enjoy reading him.
you spelled my twitter name wrong -_____-
storms in the area...guess the clouds finally decided to do something rather than sit ther n look grey.
Nothing bugs me more then when people can't use proper grammar. Like, it's just another button. Fucking push it.
To all my grown folks out there 21+ tonight is the Stylized event at Someday Lounge check out the new line tonight !
It's like Christmas, new years and Hanukkah all rolled into one. National Signing Day!
hahahahahah lmfao are you serious lol that's funny
what you been doin love
The Disney Channel shows ANT Farm and Jessie are actually terrible. Why am I watching this?
yep ;) I just like my own quote ;) lmfao!!! ;D thank u 4 asking bro!!! Xoxoxo much <3
: Specials and Freebies on Friday, 5-7, including the Chorizo Racing Sausage and so much more but
Good bacteria is essential optimal health. FlorAlive helps clear emotional blockages that occur and damage physical and mental
No doubt!
I watch Letterman sometimes too...tonight it just happened to be on NBC...I will just watch monologue then need to sleep :)
Listened to 4 songs and #Dreamchasers2 is already the best tape this year
Wife out of town. Son and i immediately put on the Fellowship OF the RING DVD.
college will be here soon.
He needs permission first.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.
I won't be but please check it it out and ask for Ashley or Hayley
This Sunday The bad bitch party hosted my Gia from bad girls club it's going down
Having you still feels like a dream
I want one!!!
hahhaah were fine. i just always has to say that
Aw thanks :) have a great morning! RT : :-) look great btw
round table is very impressive today. & set the tone for important discussion.
Howard Stern interview w/ may be the best interview of all time. Amazing.
you should broadcast on ustream often :P long time you hav'nt broadcast xD
what record bro
Kobe pissed off ": Kobe when seeing Russell & KD walk into the interview room: "Oh, s---. Yellow pants?! See you in L.A., fellas.""
I wanna go home :-(
Nothing greater!
RT“: Your dreamcatcher's about to get stuffed with nightmares. #hippiethreats”
Uh oh , have you tried our #GlutenFree pizza yet? A damn fine pie for sure.
Wow I thought the last 20 hours of this campaign would have been me begging to make the goal. What an amazing surprise!
Why judge yourself by what someone else is saying? They only know what they think.~ sitting bull
Just another day to get through and I'm free!!!
There's more election fraud with GOP candidates running as recall Dems than reasons to pass the Voter ID.
gets them thru it when you ur hurting and just want ur child back
Rad! “: #coldcave was fucking incredible. Thank you for making this night awesome.”
I hope you die from your fake ulcer!
Oh shit, for what?
uuummm I was simply expressing my love for you lol
#timeto quit smoking
It's so nasty when people smell like soup
I don't love Jesus this I know for the bible told me some bull shit.
I love my cousin but her and her fiance are dumb as fuck. They both went and got HUGE tats of each others names on them
Not sure if I can do this...
Could you please please please follow me, I've been trying to get you to for over a year. Pleassseeee ♥♥ xoxo ily!♥ ♥Bretana♥
Good to hear! Thanks for the feedback!
mikey ways the matter booboo
No thoughts whatsoever.
Assassin's Creed II + studying Latin + watching the Godfather = I really want to go to Italy
follow back please?:)
wow those are amazing!
Sure. Maurice Clarett volunteer coach. He owes Andy one.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!! c:
:O you have not tweeted yet D:
Thanks! Small hiatus but we are back. Lot's of more photos to come :)
Watching videos online about the flooding at home. Can't believe it. I feel so far away. Hope everyone is hanging in there...
Kavin said u played McKinley.
indeed it is :)
lol man...so many people were twitter salty too
for tonight, a night in with pizza + UFC! i will be painting my nails WHILE watching UFC. the world might implode.
#RIPAngel you will always be in our hearts :,( i am sorry for your lose
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ?;))
Thankful for my Savior <3
yeah, when your mind feels like its in a bottle?
Id Be Decent 2 Work Wid Colin Tilley On A Music Vid One Day..
ha ha! My American born 16yo offspring asked me today what a "minger" was. Took some explaining...
there is one more set of Harold Mabern tonight and it is ABSOLUTELY worth coming over for. It Is his 75th birthday this week.
OMFG hurry up n put justin on my tv
i hate the air & water show. grotesque pompous showing of miliary might.
Diving back into work in a big way... goodbye Christmas, hello trade show season
aaagghghghghghgh now i want a donut
Presenter: a resume is metadata on your career. hunger games meet museums
So yeah I used a typewriter today at work...how are these things still even around?
Yes, please!
hey girl! Follow me..I have a question to ask you regarding a certain dancer we both love! 
hope you and have a great time living here!
Whats new u like 2 hear from Joker???
#LLOPS12 ending with a presentation by Seattle Councilmember Bruce Harrell on local government ...
Ecuador says it has a vineyard on the equator, while a Napa Valley vintner ... - Financial Times
Hey Maggie. I have a cover up im interested in with you =D Going to NY next week. ya down to do a Ganesh tatt?
Treats 'n snoozin, snoozin 'n treats.
Playing Draw Something with yay! :)
Weird but as much as i cant stand chitown teams i feel sorry for da
sorry, I don't get in until the 20th.
I'm going HAM tonight, bitch! Cause there's no way I'm gonna keep this beauty in the fridge till Easter after getting the fucking munchies.
Thanks love!! XO
Just crushed a pizza smoothie.
Studies find that those who eat the most fiber gain the least weight over time.
when is the music video your doing gonna come out??? :)
LOTS more!
You're just mad you forgot yours.
didn't know that was a possibility. You should probably do that then
will be at #uwcelebration photoing donors who raised record millions for community. How much? Find out !
Being adult means doing what you have 2do even if u don't want 2do it.
Libras Are Cool
stop well ok she had it coming
#RVA, want to help plan a day filled with #FAITH, #FUN, #FAMILY, #FRIENDS, and of course #FOOD...Email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail(dot)com
Whoa, its scary how well #Pandora knows the music I like. Enjoying driving in #Atlanta with tunes picked for me, I feel so special.
You to.
taking a time out! hope u r too..
Edible arrangements>>>
Boys have #swag while men have
why would you charge me for seven drinks when I only ordered 5?!
: We are currently experiencing slow response time when ordering ppv. Our engineers are aware and working to resolve shortly.
Who's watching night one of 's #Prohibition on ?
Something's been missing
August Rush is one of my favorite movies :) <3333
BULLS WIN!!! D Rose is the MVP!! What a fun year!
Traded 7 beers last night for 7 miles on the #running trail today. Worth it? We shall see.
For The Love Of
Will be downloading to my myspace account soon. The new single. I will appreciate your comments. Love
hahhahaha thank you so much!
The #cherryblossoms & #tourists r out in FORCE tnite!!!
Who liked Girl With The Dragon Tattoo? I know i sure did :)
RT RT Did I hear right today, the Iraq War is over? That was quick! Well, no harm, no foul.
I shud b out da house by now damn
Flushing the eyes with water is the preferred treatment to remove foreign objects or chemical contamination from the eyes. Do NOT rub them!
Or wave excitedly at the centerfield camera while gabbing on yer cellphone...
don't think so. Good food on broxton & sawtelle.
give Pops a hug for me!!
is truly one of the coolest museums on the planet! Perfect for little kids and adult kids too :-)
i want my phone to get fixed, but i dont want to pay for it!! ~_~
I'm totally stoked. Swam my first mile (FINALLY) since December! Hopefully no other injuries get in the way of my Tri-training this season!!
Can not sleep! I hate feeling this way
Don&#39;t Get Sick at the Gym: 7 Ways to Prevent Infection
Gota love Colorado :)
It's alright Pittsburgh fans. Hockey season might be over for us, but movie filming season has just begun! Matt Damon & Christian Bale. :)
Shareitmedia (shareitmedia) thanks for the follow.
GM & Happy Monday Everyone lets pursue our passions live our dreams & fulfill our destines
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
Kobe last sec shot time. Miss It! JINX
Haha that's a status of a champ! Good stuff :)
I like nickleback, big time rush, and Enrique iglesias. I'll be the driver of the bus
Using the breath to monitor your anger warning signs is highly recommended by many anger-mgt. programs
Sleeping on the couch again .. I won't be surprised if I'm not at school tomorrow .. I'm just way to freaked out .
Wow, that smoothie disappeared fast.
Re: grad school: probably. I may need to see what courses you have in graphic/web design but my motion design course is +.
Um, why am I still awake?
"Change your thoughts and you change your world" ~Norman Vincent Peale
THE POWER IS BACK!! :-D Im kinda crying right nao :')
awe thank :$ c:
about to knock out
" you are lucky: My apologies for waking some of you up but I can't sleep... I'm ready to see the Killer Whales tomorrow.."
Yea I think I broke my iPod when they said ICONic Boyz
are you watching #idol?
Oh Em! I was up to over 46,000 then I blew it and went to 1000.
There's nothing like being told you lack critical thinking skills & common sense because of your political beliefs..
I love the new twitter!
Just saw the "Turn it Up" video!! SO INCREDIBLY SICK!!!
Ok. Mellancamp should get off the stage right now!
At the WA Health Benefit Exchange Board mtg in Seattle learning about WA #health reform. Oregon is a step ahead! Feels nice
Line of the minute: "His voice is warm and husky like dark melted chocolate fudge caramel... or something."
Seeing the lovely starring in 2 shorts by film festival in Los feliz!
I blame it on the, model broad with the hollywood smile
Pablo Picasso~ It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
5 blocks away :)
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Aww you're welcome! :) I'm in 9th but going in 10th this next coming year. :D What grade are you in?
And that's six!! Great performance today!
I hope so
FAT headache !! 
Voting now
if i make it out there, i'm totally going with you!
Thoughts and prayers to the Hecht family during this time.
How do I do that. I am still learning twitter :( help me?? :(
Yay! I am not cursed! Go trivia!
HOLY SHIT PELVIC THRUST
No FICTION winner for the Pulitzer? WHAT?
I go back to the doctor tomorrow... Maybe I will be in the clear soon.
Just called my aunts house phone and asked if she was home....-_-...FML....
Bring the family! Nothing brings friends closer together like a virtual game of Uno with tentacles!
Have a very happy New Year! Best, Alpha Kappa Psi, Beta Iota Chapter
hello... i have been on suboxone for 3 years and still clean, sober and without this medication, who knows where Id be
me too;)
Um, foxy? Who are you?
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy inherent in the Village Voice's position.
So far today I have eaten: 3 Donuts, some nachos, some ice cream with reeses and oreo on top and a banana
yum. can we push back to 4:30?
Is Jeff Keppinger just short?
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.15
#home is great place
should really really REALLY be studying for bio midterm tomorrow....yes definitely.....but ehhhh maybe later..XDD lmao..i'm such a slacker.
When things happen all around you, you probably just need to check yourself.
Airport security..... Yay me.
Back in Oakland with the rest of , #summerclass starts tomorrow
please follow me I live by typing messages and Facebook posts will follow you in these concerts everywhere with me:)
You're welcome! Loved the idea - couldn't agree more. Moms are just good at getting stuff done! ;)
U know your getting old when every part of your body starts to hurt every other day lol
is tweeting from his new, bigger, better, tastes great, less-filling office!
The Queen of Disco Donna Summer died Thursday morning from cancer, TMZ reported. She was 63. Known for belting it out on “Last Dance” an…
RT reports that antonio gates and Malcon Floyd both out for tonight game against 49ers.
What's up with all the pregnant models in Whole Foods? Springtime in Soho?
Who are the Spurs playing? Clippers @ Grizzlies now on ABC.
Baby steps in planning & launching allows for lessons to be learned from failures.
I'm not the jealous type but what's mine is Minee.<3
no problem :) xx
owning it up again
someone just told me about it today too. I guess that place is a meme now?
Op and hello to , I missed ya on the last tweet!
Not even going to say where I just had amazing blackened tilapia from, you all would never believe me anyway.
dang y I gotta b corny
Cuz ill take dat mess right on out
So much shit to do! Tons of changes on the way! Website Makeover and Sneak-peeks.
:) It sort of ties in with something I've been thinking about re power and money. Not sure how to bundle it with that......
ever tried heating up a cold slice of pizza with a blow drier???
great seeing you at as well! Will definitely drop by
FOLLOW ME AS I FOLLOW CHRIST
Join 100% Natural group on facebook !
I'm the complete opposite when it comes to stress... I don't eat.
Thank you! I plan to eat the leftovers for lunch. The other salad was also lovely.
is it just me or do newsletters take too damn long?
lol gobble gobble
it's meta-turtles all the way down.
no! youre just going to end up coming back. it always happens
i wish we would have filmed it!
Let's hear it :) RT : What actions make you feel loved...help you to know you're loved?
I figured you could call but didn't know if it was marketed as such
A battle royal will be taking place tonight. & love it.
Am I the only one that prefers Twitter on his phone than on the computer
I've been told I have a lot of potential as an aspiring artist.....I believe em!!
Troll Hunter
Addicted: Sorry I Can't Make It, I'm Gaming - Opposing Views
haha. That's awesome. You see any famous people down there. I saw Haden and Cribbs were there on the news
@ la playa :D
Holly's Communion :)
working hard on a Saturday? :)
you never gave me my picture ha
So excited about the new Caro, especially because I keep getting random emails from friends who are also excited. Book club?
#ThingsIwantTheMost Someone to trust & love <3
#MemphisTigers nice win
Plz check your "new media" email account. Received 30+ txts since Sept 8. Texting "STOP" didn't stop them. Help!
Ditto! RT : Great seeing all my friends at
Thanks for RT and for a great PDI conference.
Just donated to your donor challenge campaign. Good luck!
what you up too?x
finna go to work N make dis cash - on my day off - just cause - LOL..... Ya Digg..
Columbus Crew and St. Vincent tixs on the way to win this afternoon! Hang out with me till 6p!
so now doesn't talk to me.
New songs! New songs! New songs! Can't wait for you to hear. Happy Friday!
The weather looks perfect down there <3
If the Olson twins aren't riding around on Great Danes to save on gas, they're anti-environment fools.
go see 21 JumpStreet, it will too!
My memory has been profoundly comedic lately.
I believe it is always raining when I #write this ms. Fitting, as the opening scenes are pouring rain. #amwriting finally.
Nany hi answer??
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :Kai watched the TV and it said strange MEGUs are being naughty.
Another hit damn I love what I do
My mom just called me to come over and eat breakfast with her. Lol wut?
Welp, Aoki just showed me up. Your turn, Rickie
Impressed with The Hub. Great idea! Can't wait for #ISconf!
Now Following Back :)
I'm pumped for the #NBA season, but not because I didn't make my fantasy football playoffs.
Pacers reported sellout attendance of 18,165 @ last night's playoff game v Magic. Solid crowd but there did appear to be a # of empty seats.
And if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives, I will smile at you with joy.
Did you know Baci Ristorante was awarded the A Four Diamond Award 14 years in a row!?!
No better way to start off my day then watch the USF Baseball team.
Thanks, Sue!
hey you!
Oh, sidewalk brigade outside out apartment is to buy tickets for the great taste of the midwest at the Wine and Hop Shop round the corner.
Signed into the #MITx course for the first time this morning. Playing around with the system and materials. What do folks think so far?
no I can not say I was. Haven't taken x104
damn it- we're never getting the website paid for...lol! Lucky you...make sure you don't mess my vacation time up this year. Lol/jk
Mediterranean Sea!
If you guys had seen my 13 yr old son "help" me with dinner tonight, you either would have laughed or wanted to shoot yourself in the head.
Why you are still around Berklee GO HOME HOMIE!!!
They are great! RT : Event Badge pick up by was wicked easy.
you were in my dream last night
Ha ha - it'll take a while for the return email, but I personally guarantee you a place on the list, Alison!
Join the music revolution!
Not even andy is trying! Why the f didnt we call timeout b4 the fg?!?
Doing the sales thing at Broadway Video
Just created /members, /alumni, /companies. Let me know if you're missing from any list.
#ShoutOutToo her eyes are beyond AMAZING, and she's pretty. Everyone follow her!
Nowak press conference over. Wow.
Damn. I owe the internet $10.
Call this an unfair generalization if you must, but old people are no good at everything. - Moe (The Simpsons)
that's definitely the best one yet
Amazed at how classy is. That's leadership and love and it is a model for uplifting thru social media.
pussy. I got my tongue pierced alone.
thank god you put out that second tweet. thought you were gonna leave us hangin on what you were listening to!
Going on vacation to San Francisco tomorrow morning. Burritos, here I come!
I love you babe. Don't ever forget it. I'm serious. I know we have obstacles and problems we have to work through. But we get through th ...
Okay I know all the parts of the body.. Tell me why I have to take Anatomy?? :/
shut up
yes its a male!!
Kudos to all the single moms out there. I feel like I totally failed tonight. Rough night. But tomorrow is another day! Love my girl.
the boys, no. the boyz, yes.
#Kildares #facts All Pubs have one red face (Dublin) and one blue face (Galway)..Our new exterior will represent both of these faces.
Why can't i write songs like Air Supply? Dang.
Check out our different Courier Services we offer as well as our rates online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Or call us at 877-527-5737
OMG is in full swing! 45th and Nicholas, come on by!
Even bigger for Houston's chances coming out of the AFC this year. This just may not have been there year after all. Bring on Leinart.
I am in Vancouver *waving*
37.5 miles for the week. Just went over 410 miles YTD.
Our featured vendor this week is Brewpub. RT to welcome them to the festival!
Creating a list of To Dos to get my 1st 1000 users for jobclipboard.com, need users and feedback! Working on it now!
no idea i cant even look at the link because im on my phone
"Holy shit, I'm gonna die!" -every Smartcar driver, ever
got it, i was being a noob. lol
#funfact Peter Cullen,best known for voicing the infamous Optimus Prime, also voiced Eeyore on Winnie the Pooh,now that's diverse work
#JoyfulNoise will spend 2 weeks in the theaters and 200 years on basic cable.
I'm working day shift @ planet hollywood tmrw!
Not sure why I find joy in Fernando Torres' failures
#IHateThatFeeling when you realize you'll never be with that person
bro:shake it mama it`s out of control mom:excuse me bro: it`s a song i don`t wanna see you shake it me:lmao rofl <3 haahahh. ~Summer <3~
RT : You left too early. is playing !
the madden curse
I wish bro D: “: You performing in the NYC area anytime soon?”
Some people annoy me.
Fuck Fake Love & Half Ass Friends !
Where you going?
have u seen the age diff between u or me and justin tho
we're planning for this weekend to ring in the new year!
Lets Go Packers and win another but most.importantly Give God All the Glory and honor!
me to!
Poker proverb: "There are 3 ways to play pocket jacks, and they're all wrong."
OMG Carl Eisenberg is chuckling away next to me!
first time i heard "cars" we were at Penguin icecream -i spun vinyl "this is my house "tonite & i now i need a cream gary !
Nice to meet you too Linda. Have a lovely Weekend hun! : ) XOXOXO
Just blasted through Chest and Back along with Ab Ripper X. Gotta love P90X. Curious about it, just ask. BRING IT!!!
At least it wasn't an hour late!
I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!
have you ever been in the situation where you've lost your phone and keys?
Heading to Chicago for the weekend!!
Offended by our tweets? then don't read them! Unlike the real APD, we didn't pull a gun on anybody and force them to do anything.
U2: Where The Streets Have No Name. Love it!
I can't believe she lied to me about the guy I rlly like!!and ty skylar for beng a rlly rlly good frand when u told the truth about shane
are you coming to US this year...or Burning Man?
Delightful breakfast with talking books, libraries, publishing, and kids, all in comfort of cafe in our neighborhood.
Keep pricey airline scams on radar
You gotta do a show in Philly one day!!
Yay chores! Maybe they can help me stack my wood later.
Im a leader not a Follower..
So looks like one person likes to party???
- Migrant workers shunning the cities - given how they are treated in 深圳 and elsewhere I'd say they have good reasons.
Ok, Can't wait for your review ;D
Any chance saints stripped of wins and super bowl? Eavesdropping is serious
Y RU SO OBSESSED
feel like my dad is driving like an asshole on purpose to make me throw up
awesome! Let me know when/where you will be in next. I would like to meet you face to face some time.
Oh my goodness! Bach's pieces are divine, but always challenging. Are we going to get a listen? Pretty please :)
Hey Michael Russo is adorable on your panel!
RT Your momma's so fat she went on the Subway diet and is now exercising regularly to help manage her weight.
you're stalking me so you can break my legs
He did! I can attest to it cuz he was right behind me RT : Heard this. Tiger Woods just introduced himself to
come on now, lets not be
MOTIVATIONAL QUOTE OF THE DAY: "You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself." ~ Napoleon Hill
I'm not in the mood to go to school , although .. When am I ever ?
: My attendance.
Happy first day Jes!
Yes sir! You tryna get Tatt'd Bro?
The new looks awesome. Amazing cocktails from the talented Wilder Bros + cool space.
Hey zendaya fans if you like us follow us we are also going to start a fanpage on Facebook so we will let you know on that ..
“If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.”
no its a hat with a mexican mustach and says dirty sanchez on the back its a snapback
LOL! It's a $2,500 per bottle white wine...a gift. Grounded still in Africa hot weather even @ 3 A.M.
Requested a quote from Fred Loya. $1200 more per six months than we pay with State Farm! Yeah, we won't be making that change.
Glad ur back!
hey! are any workshops being planned soon? i would love to attend one.
Hey I like your icon:)<3 hannah
I know!
Rush concert number 12. Great seats (25th row, center aisle) considering I didn't get them until Wednesday. Spent way too much though.
Ok, just saw this. I'll bet you're tired!
no, twitter, i am not going to follow hugo schwyzer. but thanks!
its ok u could still send them in! (: xx
Interesting talk by Anna Pagano about the relationship between race, racism and health in Brazil
Right when I was getting into an exercise routine too... I guess I'll swim or do arm stuff tonight. Thanks.
um barely! I couldn't fall asleep till like 6! And I've been tossing and turning since 10! Whens your next exam?
RT : Rare moment alone in a cozy booth w/book. Naturally I'm interested in overhearing next booth's adventures in colon...
Yikes! RT : According to , latest stats put reading level at 5th grade.
RT “: If they matter to you, let them know.”
