I preshade all the love you guys have been showing us over at yess sir track pro.
haha.. Yea yinz better be prepared!!
New drops tonight!!! Can't wait
Our CM is in love w/ the elote (corn) from Taqueria at park - any places in DC make this delectable treat outside of #Nats park?
The more I learn abt the more I'm amazed by their spirit& more I pray 4 them!
Won't let me message you back b/c you don't follow me. Address is 818 S. Gammon Rd. Madison, WI 53719
Will do. Definitely based upon actual data from assessment conducted. A little different from my friend Larry P.
Seriously would marry that old lady
he would have liked to have seen his brother, an alien like himself in a violent land
The Coffee party.....can't those peeps be original? ha ha...freaking morons... The Tea Party is still misunderstood by Dems and Libs.
i know its the right thing to do but why does it have to hurt so much...
for what?
*me RT": #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you greet with an insult."
Blood drive went great! I have a hole in each arm... Battle scars for being a hero!
A few new projects getting posted this week ....stay tuned. You'll love them!
babe you look amazing. I think you can afford to eat a waffle cone
Yay, Spring Break! Yay reading history stuff, but I'm already worried break won't be long enough
I wanna see that warrant!!!!!
Great Nerdy Book Club post! Proud of you.
Happy Birthday! :) go virgos! Lol have fun tonight love! :)
Iran wins and gives the first political speech of the night.
everyone please follow my buddies aka The McClain Sisters > they are very sweet and nice
Thanks for being hilarious!
“It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.” ― William Blake
Sometimes I can't tell if I've completely given up on my aspirations, or if a moderate form of complacency is just a part of moving forward
you should delete this one, i think its a clue to who hacked your account.
Hell yea I wish if I could sing almost everyday
Praying for Patience and Perseverance🙏 l get a little weary sometimes....but God's timing is always perfect.
but I love you though.
~ok cool I would luv to c u so let me know maybe fri we can meet up n have a drink I wont b around sat night.
Ex #1: Extreme male #Christian #evangelicals & #Islamists have a lot in common: both want #women kept in their place.
Since when do we amend the Constitution to TAKE AWAY people's rights? #Romney, you and the #GOP are on the wrong side of history. Period.
MELLOW Love, grapefruit juice, cinnamon raisin granola from
Uploading a new video cover I did from a Ne-yo track. :)
The Burglar's Bible, Page 1: Find a picture of new swag online. Read the geo-tag details. Wait for the owner to post they'll be out of town.
I think that I'll start working out when finals are over.
im sorry i aint been on here as much but im goin try yall
- And we're glad to have you!
yea she's off the chain?! Crazy biotch!
and i'm just going to finish this book on manners now...
I find shoveling snow to be cathartic.
Yeah those Steeler fans, think black & gold go with everything. LOL
Itz about time that Tim Tebow gets the ball...He going to kill em
Taking the first of many tests this week, wouldn't rather graduate with any other class
A special cover coming soon :)
IVE BEEN VOTING ALL DAY SICE THE TIME I WOKE UP (7:00am) SO DONT YOU GUYS THINK I DESERVE A FOLLOW BACK
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't. by Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Just a public thanks to my first mentor Joe Schroeder, father of the 'funded proposal'...Thanks Joe!
we deliver in person, just travel by plane there - better to have packages arrive separately....
But doesn't the brightly colored Ralph tee make up for it?
Last night's 2-1 loss was the #SFGiants 14th game by that score, split evenly btwn wins & losses - most in #MLB for each.
I wish daft punk were still alive. Then we wouldn't be in this mess.
lol my feelings were 2 hurt like oh no she forgot but ,ima text u in the am
Definitely. Communicopia blog is my RSS pluck of the month. Tks for hitting my sweet spot. cc:
How many of you have bought your tickets to see June 20 at HOB in Chicago!? How many of you are bringing friends?!
Any ideas out there for a Northwest themed shirt that you would wear? Would love some feedback!
Really want to have a paint fight!
well I just want you home!
"I'm stinky!" Li'l D announced cheerfully from bed. About to see how true that is!
what they gonna do next year
seems to be really on her game these days. Amazing!
Listening to the LDS (Mormon) General Church Conference #LDSConf. A second temple in Provo, Utah. Wow.
Here's this: I owe 200 dollars and you need permission to give me a third ice? What do you mean she left? What land do I live in?
I first read that a couple years back. Now i must have read it about 5-6 times.
sounds cruel and unusual punishment for jaywalking lol
That will make a happy man! : #Brewers #SpringTrainingCountdown #38 days until pitchers and catchers report!
well that sucks
SOrry about the delay here.....wireless issues again and yeah I hear you.
Flashbacks it is tomorrow gotta show my cousins a good time so why not flashbacks ready lol
I am following you! We are trying to change the world and motivate teens to live their dreams! hit us back keep going for it
Tornado in green hills
YUP! FRIDAY NIGHT
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite songs?
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven crappy hours of our life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come late and start sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S.= Fuck i never actually learned shit.
Go with only one sidebar. And get rid of your "other stuff" category and cover of the week. ;)
Ugh only 40 min. Left to this awesome weekend can't wait till the next
Post your photos here to be part of this week's drawing for a pair of A&F skinny jeans.
*~my last few tweets....me and my random azz-_-....:P~*
happy birthday man. Gotta see you guys soon
I bet you 100000 $ you wont see this ... ;)
#Oomf be on sum off the wall shyt lol
Bravo guys! That was rockin!
Is this my life and holidays without her!? Lord give me strength!
anywho i think the one they chose was well chosen. in and of itself.....
Fletcher says we have real choice about direction we will head as city.
getting ready to do some damage control
There's Steve Blake with the first defensive effort from a Lakers guard of the night.
If you had to hear your life narrated everyday for the rest of your life, whose voice would you pick to be the narrator?
eating frosted flakes, aka my favorite thing ever.
must go to sleep
Coffee fuels my day. oh oh oh and also my Grandson fuels my day.
U did a super great job on the video that was on 106 & park yesterday..GOOD WORK JEFF
Time isn't wasted when your getting watsed
And after reading that piece by , I'm seriously thinking about UNC-Asheville.
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, fuck bitches.
A4. No final exam here, just final project. woot.
Going to watch the change up for the 2nd time in theaters!
Bob Uecker is calling Brewers baseball on the radio.
Such a beautiful day out today! The girls and dogs loved our walk and time at the park/playground. All are resting now.
The style of music that you enjoy the most is?
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
A change isnt always bad!
Congrats to for sharing a haiku for Audi Alberta! Enjoy your free day in an Audi- where will you be Ziptripping?
Welcome to twitter
I am happy to report the exciting news that I ate a coconut scone this a.m.
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen im with my friend and i dont have to worry about anything
It's Hammer Time in Miami. Come on Joel.
YOU SHOULD CALL ME!!! 484-824-**** want the rest RT!!
26 out 100 new domain names are using Wordpress
Bye April. It's been real. It's been fun. It's been really fun.
Are you really tweeting hockey stats from your honeymoon??
In-person, for a specific amnt, after u have gotten to know the #donor, determined interest and researched.
apparently! *shudders*
okay thank youu (:
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, ATL, Uncle P, Stomp The Yard, Are We There Yet?, and so much more
smh then give me better ones
Wardrobe changes in parking lots. spilled coffee. printer out of ink. spilled coffee... :) You so crazy, #pilotseason!
Hooking up email to LinkedIn, mass of invites incoming. (Sorry, but not really)
Hey if you're not , you're a square nuff said!
My List is FREE b4 12 for Ladies 21, b4 11 for Ladies 18+, b411 for men 21+ & $10off for underage men! txt me names 7034073810
are u at school? Having a glue emergency..where'd you get urs?
yeah we said hello briefly. He had to eat lunch
Watching pens vs flyers i am kinda feeling maybe it is good sabres arent in playoffs. Just so nerve racking when its ur team!
You'd think writing a bio of your own life would be easy... had to write two today for completely different events and that was a challenge!
This is why I have come to love soccer, more difficult to have officals influence the game.
ima follow u bcuz of ya tweets nt ya looks like the rest of these clowns
back! !! appt searching sucks
holy damn!!!!
Congrats to Novak Djokovic for winning the Australian Open!
I Love
I highly dislike pro image, so rude. Before trying to swindle your customers, you should make sure they don't have a backbone or a braincell
Due to Wm Donald Schaefer's services, expect traffic & parking issues Mon & Weds next week. www.getarounddowntown.com has the deets.
That was awful
His head looks freakishly large in that photo. Wait, what?
There's a chance that I might have to go into PR crisis mode tomorrow. Although on those occasions, I pretend that I'm on 24.
Like see Alice I go hard.
Oh so sleepy :(
Papa Jonas Is Amazing Sin el los Jonas Brothers no serian lo que hoy conocemos.
thanks for coming out man and supporting!!!
Republicans in Indiana & North Carolina prove yet again that they are not using their heads when voting. Shame really!
congratulations! That's wonderful!
It's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales - Green Valley News It 's a new political world for GV, Sahuarita, Nogales Green Va
I like Pablo
Alvah T. Brewer « The Chronicle-Telegram - Lorain County&#39;s leading ...
#Charlotte is killing it again today. Record high temp! Loving #northcarolina... Minus its terrible drivers
Um. Anyone in US government watch 60 minutes tonight? Maybe do something tomorrow?
BTW you should do things for U not for other people, and maybe when you learn that you'll be a lot happier. So glad I've reached that point.
going to the San Diego show with my best friend and gonna fall madly in love with the Maine all over again! (:
I wish you were at GDC more than anyone. I love it there. But I can't stand another one without a finished product!
Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles are powered by conventional or alternative fuels and by batteries.
It's nice to go school and follow the PGA all day..
#AAA12 conference starting soon. With
You're da bomb! :)
another day another direction
hahaha gotta pay the bills. Say R.I.P. to my Jeep by the way. Finally bit the dust.
92% of undergraduates use credit cards to pay for educational expenses and 30% admitted to using their credit cards towards tuition.
already following :)
the heath slater drawing . i did one of them too
Security yelling at you for cheering? I doubt they'd do that
Mavs Got Swept!... Who's Next?.... The Knicks Duhh
Congrats on launching ! Excited to read what's ahead...
Haden scared of Kobe getting the ball!
Aww yeah! I'll tell him you said so thanks Al :)
Anyone have a Traktor Kontrol S2 or S4 they would sell me?
man everything what's the word?!
Move the hardwood and put down the Ice !!! Lakers win and now time for hockey playoffs!!!
This is impossible....
You haven't missed it! It's happening now
Yay now I owe $850.00 Dad gave the guy stuff to make my bill cheaper...Killing too birds with one stone less money and less junk. :)
Dumanis says she'll fix the city schools in her first term.
U can afford an executive coach! Email me & I'll prove it. 1st 5 people will get a FREE session.
Morning everybody! Its a beautiful day so take advantage!
i need sleep!!!
Thanks for sharing! East Coast support, woohoo!
You shouldnt tell anyone to send someone hate. That's not going to solve anything.
Leave it to my grandson: Packer gold is called saffron. The team colors were changed from navy and gold to green and gold in the early ‘50s.
I cannot improve on this thought. RT I love you MCA
I mean Twilight* You can tell how big of a fan I am of those bullshit fantasy movies
prayers go out to japan ...
Sad to hear will not b touring 2011. Get ur tix 4 this year if u still can!
they're playing on the #Jumbotron !!
well I hope you feel better soon! (:
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: Emerging Stars Who Will Carry Your Team
if u guys ever come back 2 houston IaMmE should teach at my school! We have dance club! We love IaMmE! :)
check the lint filter thingy... ? Lol
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
Super tired but gonna go to love culture soon :D rawr
Because at the end of the adventure i see that there i a light. But in order to reach the light one must die. But i am afraid to die
Great start going up 7-0, then they give it right back +1....
Nick Lane is coming back before the finale
oddly, much of the media has decided to ignore/censor what is a story of obvious national and international interest.
#3WordsForYou I Love You
#2010memories Facebook jumped the shark
did u win the freeones voting ? Been offline for a few.
as he air balls a layup.. You're messed up In the head
Aww. you'll keep in touch with her, right?
oh so very very high :)
nope you were there
Do Taxi drivers use GPS these days?
Nope! Graduation next week!
current #breakfastobsession pineapple chobani with granola & frozen blueberries
Happy Mother's Day!!!! Yay!!! ...now, kids leave the house so mom can have some quiet time.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving and enjoyed the long weekend. Now time to get the brain stimulated again...
Winter is here…grab a book, snuggle up by the fire and drink a cup of hot cocoa!
yay! I've been missing those weekday screenings - love the series.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, & discipline that enabled us to follow through. Zig Ziglar
he shouldn't even get 1 million a year. That's more than 95% of the doctors make in the world and he's complaining about his job?
It is not what happens to you but what you make of it
thanks best friend.
where is the damn visual?
One quarter of all creatures on the planet are beetles. #odd facts
Thank you! Your Sangiacomo #Chardonnay is one of most popular pours at our !
Cool... Didn't seem like a 'be on fire' kind of setting. So much good stuff to share!
I'm tuning in! This has gotta be good
follow us to DM
How people get mad at when is top three most incompetent operations ever is beyond me.
good night ya'll, sleep tight.
That happened to me a couple weeks ago. Just reset it by holding the home and top buttons at the same time. Should restart.
Thank you for the #FF :)
Thanks for following lifecoachharbor! I help women find their own answers to life's challenges
People who talk about soccer, pretending they know a lot about it just to fit in <<<<<
Give your popcorn to the cat if you microwaved it yet. RT No chance bro.
On lesson 3 of learning how to speak sign language, looking for a new teacher though because i do not like this lady.
What's good loco
i tweet random STUFF
Taping the show in Parts Unknown
I love nergal.
Drinking remy str8 on a empty stomach
I'm a Celtics fan. I look forward to them going down, with or w/o Bosh.
ok, everyone is upset that got a Grammy, and has a collab. with What would the world prefer to see?
That's not a kissy face haha that's the concerned face
Madison would go into a coma reading what I say about him...
They are looking anywhere. Wru now?
haha, i'll be sure to bring along
Something that we should learn
#iJustLoveItWhen your there for me when i cry
Beautiful day !
Haha see my bio is true! :-P
I want to remake my myspace just like the trendy cool kid i am
why do A and T go together in science? Because ass and titties go together. Haha I just had to say something about titties
“: U don't know pain until u follow the Knicks” #jets fans know that pain.
Kicking someone in the mouth as retaliation for insulting you is not an equivalent response
Wishing Everyone a Wonderful Warm Heathly Week. from Landons Portable Medical Records, for all of your Electronic Medical Records needs.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else(:
Am having a problem with the security Droids camera, router AND laptop connection. I hate computers!
I love how you speak from your own learning context, with understanding for implications beyond your context. Thanks!
If tonight is any indication, final 22 games for will be fun to watch. Remember what happened following trade in 2009-10 season ?
a fan faked email from the governator threatening to fine SEGA about a $100k if they didn't un-ban a user says
♫ New Date: Warwick, NY - Oct 8 at Tuscan Cafe
Just got told I will one day be a milf... Then a gilf by
The Silk Tie likes the Law of Dating!
you're very welcome:))
thank god No!!! Lol I'd rather take my chances on the 13th floor!!
good morning.
I followed you back lol and thanks((:
I wanna see if Kobe gets a pass
I've gone but chose against it this year. It's big but I'm looking into Blog World instead. I agree with the article as well.
are you thinking about doing a TEFL ?
RT I know someone my buddy is giving himself a nose bleed over this Laker game. Its only game 1 thank goodness
RT: Every man is the artisan of his own fortune. (Appius Claudius Caecus)
SAPX updated filings today... Looking very strong for next few weeks...
Ah! That's absolutely amazing! Thank you so much!!!
I do so wish I could find Celestino Coronado's adaptation of A Midsummer Night's Dream. Feel free to see if you can find it and let me know.
Glad I traded Schaub and Hillis for Brady 3 weeks ago.
yeahh i live by spoon it i would go there all time and visit jc and eat frozen yogurt (:
Give your troubles to God; He will be up all night anyway.
I hate ordering from here and I'm the one that has up pick it up
Spicy Beef, Bacon, and Potato Stew. It feels like spring, but I am prepping leftovers for the usual Michigan change of weather this weekend
just finished a day of school visits, and feeling great!
“: Hey you aren't me.....hm” This clearly makes the Cops theme song run through my head. BUSTED
Me too!
Times Square & NYC is eerily quiet. Never thought we'd see this. Means people are staying indoors as they should.
Let me know if this tie gets too tight. And what did you say your safe with was?
I'm an iPad junkie. just spent 20 min talking passionately about it w/someone at the hair salon. She told me I should work for apple. Lol
#TurnToYou We love you justin and that song there, is just amazing.. :')
The TE record really sounds great. Kudos to y'all and TE. I really like the variety of guitar tones.
300 shows? Congrats Frank & Woody. 98.9 the buzz 8:30. We celebrate and throw a party on the air.
Masks are rockin at alter ego. JDavid is in the studio today.
be yourself always and forever
we will be concerned too if they aren't installed by Friday. ;)
hey follow me plz thanks lol
i know! i wanna come see it soon
I have alot of episodes recorded xD
iPhone blooper real...sorry for that quintuple send on HRH earlier. Dark banquet room, tech difficulties.
omg i want both of those! especially the polar bear w/tat and beer one!
can anybody recall where they were the 1st time they heard Ether? I was in a tent in Kuwait
#10ThingsIFindAttractive good sense of humor, and abs
is so perfect
yes but i still havent missed too many days
Thanks for the RT!
I'm digging that outfit too..the purse is adorbs.
who is DJ Dos?
I'm just not gonna sleep a whole lot tonight. I'll just accept that.
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
Time to chop some #Timbers! #SportingKC fans: Do you Believe???
thanks for the lead on the slides. Looks good. Will check it out.
Let me know if you ever have a question about your Directv service/equipment. Enjoy!
u are the most AWSOME 11 year old in the world !!Sincerly , ever 11 year old in the world!! Your a big inspiration! Thx 143
You're so beautiful, I want to give all my love to you.
We think you guys are pretty awesome!
If it aint broke, don't try and fix it. I hate Burger King's new bigger fries. Bring back the fries we all grew up loving
Awesome weekend
Visiting Sara and Shaun in Paraguay--today at Abreu's CFA church with Carlos Anacondia. Great church in Asuncion.
For great advice on parenting and raising happy kids -->>my friend Denny
New Posters for our newest short film "Badassery" can be found here! Teaser video coming within the hour too! like the page and tune in!
...some days I wish I could have a "do-over" - and other days I just want to "be-over!" Today is DEFINITELY a "BE-OVER" kind of day!!
#AAA2011 highlight: Jon Marks saying "if Hitler is writing you fan mail, you're all kinds of fucked up."
COME & PLAY Harbor SATURDAY 8/20 ! support and join our yoga class. Donate Today!
Thanks for favorited!
Thank you for following NSHMBA-NM! Find out more at:nshmba.org
I'll venture the guess that it's because women are way smarter. Just glad I was able to represent the male gender.
It's a lot of work to integrate apps, and business tools, but well worth it when your done . Always make sure your tools integrate!
damn it... NOO imma look like a pumpkin dude,
Whose down for sexting anyone.?
DO IT RT : im seriously about to unfollow you...
Which one is you, left or right? You have any videos posted on YouTube?
I am trying to decide to do a since I haven't done one in forever should I?
Gottlieb: We'd go out to report the story & come back w/ 3 more stories. Was the damndest thing.
Other shoe about to drop?
Otherwise today should be a good one :)
is really looking foward to tomorrow. that is...if it goes as planned.
I'm not even sleepy 😳
I love that the ipad can be a scrabble board and everyone who has an iphone can use them as tileracks to play. Too Nerdy? lol
Not like we can't walk now but it's easier to be lazy here. It's shameful
Discussing ways to get aldermen to address the lack of healthy foods in corner stores where food deserts exist.
#Alaska are ya'll watching #SNL ...bwahaha!!! too funny.
Wiggle tails are fun. I just had a boxing match with koo and charlie i pooped my pants
Very true! Great posting!
I'd be surprised if it wasn't robertson
1st Green Talk interview today. More info to come:)
Thank you <3
1 of the 5 worst commercials on TV is the Chris Berman, Kelly Clarkson, short dude & weird dude dancing in a #Toyota. #swami #why?
I think some beliebers are selfish like the ones that make TT like #brazilwantsjustin bcs hasnt been in other states ever.
Good to see Karl Dean out at we art Nashville buying art.
can't wait...leeegooooo!
you know what i don't like seeing a big woman on the beach who is wearing a dam thong i mean what the hell, that was just nasty no offense
At work ..
Simple C on left chest.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect. Nuff' said.
Sadly, no #nahbs for me this year. I'll have to gawk via the interwebs.
roughly 4 months after launch.
Just tried to see if I could do iaido on my hurt knee. Have invented new swear words.
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race decision to be made at 6 am. Stay tuned for updates!
im with your bro and dad right now! I wish you was here!!!! :)
thank u :)
yes! It's just hard to stay motivated sometimes, well until you start seeing results that is! 😁
ID of tomorrow: Org knowledge, community, social networks, performance support, and choice!
naw, can't do it! Lol
Sweet. "RT : Just bought the bf a present at Rays. would totally approve"
Our first solar energy efficient "green" home is for sale. www.4820KingStreet.com Please tell all your friends... It really is beautiful!!
#Foreverfly roll call!!
To the people who just ordered a deluxe pizza with no veggies. Congrats on paying $8 more for a two-topping pizza.
Fight Night!!
": NEVER SIGNED MY YEARBOOK ASSHOLE"I looked for you in fourth!
IS READY TO DO NOTHING TODAY AND THATS THE SITUATION
Attending talk by Betsy Boone on Spain at American World's Fairs between 1876 & 1915
In 27 Min. Season 7 "How I Met You Mother!" Yeahh buddy!!!!!!!
Its on 79th Street btw Amsterdam and Broadway, called Blondies.
GET YOUR MUSICFEST TICKETS TODAY!!!
I work in Chicago daily. Live in Waukesha still. Try and work 1day remote/ week. Perhaps in the next couple weeks?
I'm in the middle of two people battling to see who can clear their throat and cough the loudest. It's basically no contest though
👌Yeah, that too.
hey I didn't know you had a twitter, late good morning to you too
Pretty much, yeah. Dressing on the side.
oh my so many things. bread pasta and chocolate. these r a few of my favorite things (singing)
RT : I am a big fan of the Trader Joe's cereals and anything by Barbara's. Affordable, low sugar, high in carbs.
Eating Brownies and watching The Notebook.. I like ending Sundays like this :)
Bummer. Super nice dude. cc: RT Mat Gamel has torn ACL, out for season
probably the "open all tweets' button
Hey Peter, sure. We'd like to do that. - follow me back & we can coordinate.
National Ocean Science Bowl deadline for “Living on the Ocean Planet” video contest for high schoolers or teams is 1/25/10. www.nosb.org.
hey brother i am so excited for this year! Lets tear it up!
My Facebook fanpage is collecting good cop stories. You must have many. Pleased if you shared!
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Shultz
is the worst company to deal with.. They charge you for a service and don't follow through.. Where's the customer service?
Yes nigga the struggle is real
First of all, prayers to the family of the late Mike Wallace..awesome journalist..
Top THREE? Wow, you're ooc. That explains why we disagree so much -- I think he's top 20ish.
Plus we have prizes #TriviaRules! RT : Great night for a bus tour of DC. The monuments are gorgeous at night.
what's going on brother why you unfollowed me
he's about to. We just had inaugural bath time with the puppy and it has created interesting results. Tee hee!
Thanks for noticing and thanks for watching
Orson Welles, Boethius & Roger Tory Peterson
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think I will ever buy a
And i promise i will always be as strong as i can be.
Hi Jon! Just launched in Buffalo so no store list yet. Any store can call Empire Distributors to order for ya! Shine responsibly!
and The music is beautiful and perfect #TurnToYou cried too. Few days to #Believe. I could not be more excited
I'm done with classes around noon on Fridays. Probably early in the afternoon once I get myself ready for class on Monday
Well luckily Ive become accustomed from two classes w Sidky last semester.
thanks for the follow
2012 film watching! #53. Pulp Fiction (Tarantino, 1994). Watched the blu ray, unbelievable transfer to one of my personal favorite films!!
i dnt like her
Counting down to the Race for the Cure this Saturday!! Still a chance to join Heather's Team, now 5000 strong! Send us your pink wig pix!!!
of course I remember! WHAT WOULD COACH TAYLOR DO?! Tensions are high at the craw house.
I only want the TOP, I ain't trying to pipe!
DOPE!! DM me the idea G
why are americans allowing gas prices to increase like this? power in numbers people! stop buying if you want lower prices!
Yeah, we're pretty aight. When you're ready to talk, .
i know i less than 3 weeks
Getting ready to launch the new Le Peep Indy web site. Stay tuned . . .
i'm just glad it had nothing to do with glass shards from a Scotch bottle. Seriously, it was nasty...made me flinch...
oh I wish you would!!
Walk to Break the Silence on Ovarian Cancer / Diversey Harbor @ 9:30 this morning! Will be out there with my sister, a 9-year survivor :)
Sadie McKee singing the 1934 classic "All I Do is Dream of You," by Nacio Herb Brown and Arthur Freed!... fb.me/1rkZmLMQf
In life, what sometimes appears to be an end is really a new beginning. ~
FORGET YOU .
Presented on Social to global team tonite! They're a solid team! Looking forward to our clever plans for 2012!
I wish you were either cold or hot. This lukewarm way of living doesn't cut it. (Rev 3:15-16, paraphrased)
Take my hand
The Portland Mercury claims there were only 30 protestors at the rally to rehire Ryan @ New Seasons. I'm sick of their bullshit + lies.
look very nice today ☺👌
Exciting! Can't wait to see the new HOMER.
Can you believe this weather? We're all gonna die!
lol jus a lil im not even hungry I jus,want a strawberry short cake
#GamerPickupLines Will you be the Princess Peach to my Mario?
Had to RT this one: "Yo Obama, I'ma let you finish, but MLK Jr was the best Nobel Prize winner of all time"
I am so glad I kept diaries as a kid, the 13 year old me would be mortified if I knew the current me was going to use it for material
Things are starting to go crazy as blinds jump up. Got time but not too much. Wireless a bit sporadic. Sorry. Will update as often as I can
Nice regimen!
did u see that Braun news? SUCKS! Hoping it was just a false positive but his legacy is already tainted
YES! , you're going to LOVE this guy.
Practice at the Trevino household today
The Beatles - Help! - 05:33 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Went to the 36th District Democrats last night and met with a great group of folks!
Gettin even feels so good!
Integrate EE & overall environmental/social progress w sourcing & product design Eocke #MnBES go deep
Between Erraitx Productions, GLOTV, and ICM a brutha need a vacation, lol but I love what I do!!
Mr.Jimmy Cliff joining the boss
oh thats wat everybody says too! lolz so u like mindless behavior? if u do whos ur favorite? mines is princeton
John Elway on Tebow: "If I want somebody to marry my daughter, it would be him...I have to take the personalities out of [this business]..."
now, I tell you. Go fuck yourself!
And while she was doing her own Googling, I started putting the letters in sensible combos and "Nick Fury" was one of them
Fighting the urge to huddle cave bear-like underneath my desk to hibernate...
Shout out to the best mommy in the world- MINE💗 love you mama
Yes! You might want to let her know why you're in a position to find a new place too.
I hope my sarcasm didn't get lost there...
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays All!
All generalizations are false, including this one.
I think I'm loving you more and more everyday. But still no follow. Come on show some love.
My unborn sons never made it cause she swallowed them - trey songz
Suckling Pig tomorrow!!!!!
Content Planning for Smarties: Great new #UMBCsocial session concept from Erin at Shady Grove dives into content calendars, cross-posting...
tiger will shoot a 72 this round.
Today's Isla Earth Radio Program was produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island
Amen to that. : I want to live in an America where people can name all Supreme Court Justices and not a single Kardashian.
I'm Throwed
hope you've been well!
Honestly lets stop this fuckery, having to wake up early for school do nothing for 8 hours give me my diploma and ill stop wasting ur time
RT if you cannot live without black veil brides.....let's see who's truly part of the BVB army.
Haha! RT : S/O your girlfriend :) ......breakfast was good
On my way to #NACE11. First time in Texas!
sounds like another one of those words that is used by our generation in the complete wrong way
Perfect Easter dinner at It simply doesn't get any better!
Haha...I just got this
From the 16th floor of 23rd & 6th looking both south and west we had a GREAT view!
Recoding some websites and core template to make it more SEO friendly.
Imagine what opening day or night feels to a Pittsburgh Pirate fan. I'm just saying.
I feel sometimes my brain is a jukebox.
west coast knows how to sleep!!
RT : Feel free to take a few minutes to tell the ladies what you could use networking, tips and/or help with!
When you’re holding on to someone, that you gotta let go. Someday you’ll see the reason why. Yeah sometimes, there’s good in goodbye.
"Fashions fade, style is eternal." - Yves Saint-Laurent
But would other shoppers be ignored? RT : Mobile tech might help retailers know when best customers R in store. - Duncan
“: I can still barely see where she bit me...” I'm sorry 😘😉
A lot of right-wingers, Romney included, should be tried and punished for economic treason against America and its people.
make sure when you get signed you dont become a bitch to the label!
I have like 5 tests tomorrow.. Yayy ttly not gonna study..
wow! Promise you'll instagram and tweet to allow us to see Italy thru your eyes.
We'd like to welcome our new followers & !
Mailed out shirts to all over the country today. Massachusetts, Washington, North Fond du Lac. Thank you all so much.
Sorry i did text you and you never Texted me back :'( tear tear
Sheila E. - A love bizarre
“We designers, we don’t work in a vacuum. We need business people. We are not the fine artists we are often confused with.. .”
Sen. Kohl: "We want a real quality big man" & has confidence Hammond can make that happen.
Powerful women "like watching a pride of lionesses lift their dripping muzzles from the belly of the dying zebra and zero in on the hyena."
: enjoy your day off and relax with your favorite crew. Tomorrow be sure to stop by and have a bite and a drink with OUR favorite crew!
What type of epithelial tissue is found in areas of the body that are subject to a lot of friction? anybody know cuz google dont
Doing some digital scouting, looking at places foy my next picture.
Trying to figure out what to do tonight. Probably going to end up at puck and then the gym. Like every Friday night..
won my basketball game today! <3 not im just bored as shit at home :c
4 more chapters to go in this book...the test is tomorrow.
RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Pie soon!
NOTE: I have not yet published this book, so if you would like to accuse me of not knowing whereof I speak, that's low hanging fruit.
Tried to find the 4th Ave Food carts by PSU today, in the rain. no luck, so ended up at the 10th & Alder carts.
Fully moved out and ready to go through the pounds of crap I have. Best day ever
Q4 can you describe your contest to get likes on FB?
sounds like a nightmare! RT : My dream was...went to indian temple with monicals, & stickman showed up & ate all my pizza...
I know!!
Well darling, you are!
we need to hang out
I'm one of her biggest fan
Thank you very much.
We're loud....even at 10 in the morning.
anyone use for #flipclass lessons? it's pretty cool!
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
White Snake, Great White, White Lion, Quiet Riot, Warrant Winger, Scorpions, Y&T, TNT, Keel, Tokyo Blade
Watching "Primetime: What Would You Do?" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
K-love and world hope!
I think I'm gonna name my birthday party Snack by Snack Fest.
I try
So excited about the HHS TALENT SHOW!!!!!! YAYYYYY #PRACTICE,PRACTICE,PRACTICE :)
#MenIWantToCoverInChocolate how about GUY, it would be zayn malik JK dont wanna creep him out more then he is
love connecting w/ cab drivers- provided my new case management skills 2 a driver once, & conversed w/ 1 tonight in our shared mother-tongue
Sorry I haven't been on.. homework. D: lol
Great! Thanks for getting back to me, Jon, and we look forward to hearing from you!
well at least you are thought of and loved! 😜
*Janessa's up at bat* Me: C'mon Harry, we're moving to New York! Everyone else: What...
Don't be difficult, be impossible- Laura Hart
i think it's Easter? ahah (:
how can you find him amongst those unis?
Oh, shush. I didn't mean you literally copied me. I was just teasin because I just realized you said the same thing.
A tweet about Seaworld and social media, and yet not a single joke about a "Fail Whale."
At Koze best filers mignon ever :))
how have you beenIts amrcello we spoke on the phone about a month ago
#ff with 26 minutes to spare!
we love SayHi for the safety potential! Well done!
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
"I've fallen and I am too embarrassed to get up!" You poor thing.
the terrible beards on the dinosaurs really brings it all together.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world? <3
I�ve learned that millions of people can believe in you, and yet none of it matters if you don�t believe in yourself
doooohhh!!! Guess my pinchi protien shakes will have to wait..
Hello Beautiful yes Im talking to the person reading this you are beautiful wether you believe it or not so do me a favor? Stay Beautiful👌
If only Noah would have killed those 2 mosquitoes! ~Br. Jeffrey
got surgery today...So...im hurting. Lol
Let the MADNESS BEGIN!!!
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
It's Thursday again! Catch Steve and at the Euclid Tavern for some late night karaoke!
So ... what do we mean by learning ... in the 21st century? fascinating discussion.
We're so glad you're following, and Thank you!
you know you want to though.
Thanks for recent follows , , , ,
RT : #CharityTuesday shout out to some of our #cancer partners dedicated to helping kids!
No problem :) It's especially strange (if you have the Google Analytics Dashboard plugin) when it counts internal views too.
Just got totally distracted by the website of my hometown's small historical society/museum. Wonderful!
Hey and fans in Scranton, tune into WBRE now to learn more about the Lean Belly Challenge and
TY I go to woodshole in September
Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of christ
My friend is he who will tell me my faults in private.Solomon Ibn Gabirol.
Don't judge a book by it's cover...unless there's a dick on it.
we getz steak and sometimez salmon. Nommy ! And we open presentz. And tear up paper and boxez. And sleepz in front of fireplace.
Cubby strikes me as a pretty smart & empathetic dog. He's not quite up to YOUR level, , since he has yet to tweet.
We're getting close to the end here Mark.
What's up for tonight #buffalo ??
Integration example of art teacher teaching about light with prisms - could track and use color and then discuss the physics of light
Go to wiener circle 2622 N Clark. Get the hot dog and chocolate shake! RT Where's the best chicago hot dog?
I will swear up and down my daughter just said "ninja" mimicking part of a discussion I was having with theMisses...
it's so awesome
Are you looking for jobs?
How are you keeping the conversation alive?
yeeeeaaaaa. back to the days of grown ass men in boy bands. Like the Brat Pack.
I need to follow more people from Australia or something because twitter is so boring around this time 😞👎
dude I didn't mean what I said. It was a pro gay marriage comment, not meant the way you took it. unblock, re add, cmon you'r my bud
I got somethin' to prove though. Any time for a headlands loop tomorrow or monday?
Nice to see Tiger Woods get back to winning
News flash! The super committee has failed. I don't know what to say. I am stunned!!!! #whataf'ingjoke
Eloy? Really. No you're not.
you blazin hit me up
*virtual laughter*
Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>.
table is reserved!
I know,, smh
Follow me?Thaks!:)x
Headline of our times: Magnet Eating Toddler Nearly Eats More Magnets During Live TV Interview
If people don't like the song turn to to you...they have issues -.-
It's word time! Scripture: Jude 1:20-22; Topic: Market Ready
Ok, so Barrera and Beiser and (I think) Barnett are going to vote for the motion. Evans is opposed
J.J. Hickson come on aboard please!!! Danny should be calling him right now!!! before MIA gets in the way.
when's the party?
I think that's how girls feel when I text them :(
“: It's dangerous. It's only 4:00 and I'm already 2-minutes heavy.” Ha! Tell your anchors to read with speed
where u from? I keep forgetting to ask u?
Cool. Trent Reznor got an Oscar.
Realtors: Remember, we are offering $100 for each customer you refer to us for weekly pool cleaning! www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Save some of those girl scout cookies for me! Can't wait to see you in a few.
if it was a beauitful day at daytona the race would be over soon but it has not start so hopefully a night race!!! it be awesome!
I would def love to participate or atleast open for you
I'm tweaking into a whole new era, G funk step to this, I dare ya
“Don’t be insecure with others. Imperfection is beauty. Always have the courage within yourself”
You Can't Play Love But Love Can Play You
RT ": If you were selling meth at this game you could proly make a million, an overwhelming percentage of UK fans have meth mouth"
That made my day. No need to get out of bed at this point. RT : Just FYI, I ship you two so hard. ;)
oh. I can't wait tell it stop
"""You may not be the winner, but there is a winner inside you."""
I can't believe Sori did something good.
Having no cell service is driving me insane. It makes me feel like a crazy person intensely staring at my screen for a text to send.
I also managed the blog and social media accounts of a software company serving nonprofits. Plus org and leader profiles.
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 15
You were awesome comedy club Please follow me and I'm keeping and eye on where you will perform next I don't want to miss it!
“Everything that is wrong with America is in this room.” Kimmel, after listing off the politicians, media and celebrities in attendance.
I told you. I'll confiscate your dick and feed it to Ish.
#philly knows how to combine the goods
This show Fred is hilarious
Don't let the weather keep you in the house. Come out to lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming all sexy ladies in the buildin. 1$ shots of goose
Sweet tale BIRDYJOSH and BIRDYLU, a Paper Birds' Story What happens when a feathered bird meets a paper bird?
Man...now I wish I wass in school lolz
Good Night/ good MorNing :) I'll be dreaming of you lol sike peace!!!
It's ON
Check and see if you get Live scoring drives from all games.
Hehe good girl & that's cute! ^^ & you did? Yum xo
Working at 8 in the morning 😥😖😭 to early
i know but im always moving!I just moved to New York two years ago.It really stinks.Excuse me but let me cry.
So that cute blonde is just an advertising machine, she's not even following me as indicated. Just my first lesson with this new gadget.
Agreed. Except its fans that generally carry on legacies, so unfort. he will more likely be remembered this way: "JoePa!!!!!"
hell yeah yall have my support
We play music check it out Facebook.com/sinatramusic
Prayer Saturday morning 10AM! Be sure to make your life a prayer culture!
The question should be: "How is #technology is best used in #education?"
a huge thank you to and for joining us at the may meeting. great content!
The US State Department in February held its first Twitter briefing in Spanish to reach out to the international community.
Never seen so many black people in one movie theater before
Thanks for the support , , & Continue following .
Hell no , sec 2 gonna win . im going to score (:
These niggas are limited too!
absolutely that is on the "fungenda"
I didn't ge pizza :c
Andre miller u played ur ass off good win
I am headed to tonight at 630 for their #hCGTriad kickoff event! I have already lost 15 lbs and LOVE my new bod! It's free! Go!
Website is progressing. Focusing on getting everything up there before making it pretty. Now taking a break to help my daughter to get sleep
yes! Of course! Had me hanging off the edge of my "tweet." Ha!
Just saw 's Jump Around Guy jumping around at the #Brewers game. Awesome :)
Going really fast thru SEO and social. This definitely requires more time - should've been a longer session.
Just because you're hurt, doesn't mean you're broken
Definitely! I did well, but got injured and did not make my goal. But, for 3 months I learned a lot. Doing it again this year!
you are too nice to me! xo TY
#AustinInMexico please come to mexico :D
Just came across a new exciting personality type! He can't take a joke, and yet is never serious... it's so confusing and irritating!! Yay!
Our #numbers are growing and we have to thank you for #allowing us to share our #networking w you. #PLUR and
Noiseland Industries in Minneapolis (for CD Duplication) is the best! So professional and so nice, and they do such a great job!
Thanks for the follow Dawn!
Welcome to all our new members; we're glad to have you! And a special welcome to all the new Casting Directors who posted audition notices!
I love playing golf with my brother.
Fakes! TRANSFORMERS! DECEPTICONS!
It's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown
can't wait for to come back this summer!!!
Yes I am a Mayweather hater.
Is your head ready to explode yet?
Ha this is very true. I get easily excited about dumb things without dergz to start with.
we love your fire, basketball is more than making a basket, stand up!
Be wise what you post and say on social networking sites. Life isn't promised and it could be your lasting legacy...
There really needs to be an #idcf emoji
The youth are starting to change together together together
I hate that, it happens to me all the time -_-
Blue: Even if you say you regret me / you cannot regret me and I cannot say so.
SEASON OPENER: Game 1: 4/5/12 "Helicopter or not- I don't think you could hit that piece of cheese."
For a min of 24 - approx $7/shirt + 60 screen setup fee + Shipping + tax. Shirt quality is typical unisex in black.
is she pretty girl wasted?
Happy 4th of July. Hopefully you will be able to enjoy the fireworks and a good cookout!
Unreal Show, Rock on!! Just got home after a juiced up Blue Line trip to the city.
Well, you'll be easy to spot!
Well it made no sense Mrs. Shaneon
Purpose? My reason for being on Twitter is just to find out what's interesting or neat in the area & what people are thinking.
Ab Ripper X.... I hate it, but I love it!
HOT 105 "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" "Let's Go Heat!" Miami HEAT vs. Dallas Mavericks Back...
MTT music video... how did you guys keep it secret?
Can't sleep. Gotta work. Where the heck is the sandman when u need him?
no no no!
I'm feeling honored. Kev likes my dice atom shirt. He's all right by me.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. Samuel Lover
hey cuz i wish u were still out here cant wait to se u again
#OWIF: We're adrift on the Mississippi River, the fishmonger is still passed out, and the GPS on my iPhone isn't working. Thanks,
I am the definition of ambition. The epitome of dedication.
what is this funfetti you speak of?
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F A FEW CLOUDS: 63F A FEW CLOUDS
I believe in miracles!!!! The come-back kings
Make today a productive day towards becoming one step closer to attaining your goals!
"Let It Go" Shit Is The Truth!
cannot wait...seriously im gonna freak out
Happy mothers day! My kids say I am "best mom ever," but I am sure you're pretty good too. It's not a competition.
Hey Randy do you have a myspace page ?
22e in wv way backed up from a clean up of a huge crash
#Microsoft Word never ceases to amaze me in its unpredictability and WYSINWYG'ness "What you see is not what you get!"
trainer says no advocare- "It's for fat people who want to get skinny and health nuts, not beef cakes." his words not mine!
Watching 2006 wsop ME and Allan Cunningham is the best I wish he won. I dont know how I would handle golds antics.. Head phones a must
Oh. Good question. I'd really have no way of knowing.
it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
following me has officially made my day! :) Makes me feel a little less homesick for my Bubbe's kitchen. :)
Samuel Baltimore on Broadway's Black gospel divas.
I can't believe my time will be over very soon.
Can't believe the NFL actually hit the kill switch. Now, the owners lawyer buddies can get in on the money grab.
3 more Mondays of junior year. #leggo ✌
I've waited too long and now I'm starving. This can only lead to murders.
Imma workout right quick and hit the mall to grab a new Fitted!
I forgot all my text books as home/: I need to turn them in
“: Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.”
Love astronomy!!
Nice day + Grill + Wind = DISASTER :(
would be happier, if I were a millionaire.
that's why he bunts?
ugh - without mayo, even!
I just recently set my Tweets to private again because I get all these strange people I don't know following me.
Welcome to the page, Janice, Robert, and Tom. Enjoy.
skyrim is on sale right now. if you guys don't want to get diablo
Did you hear about the man in the electric chair who asked the executioner to reverse the charges ?
I'm Out For Today
Just made a donation to WUWM Milwaukee Public Radio!
It's to damn hot for a hoody
Insightful article on energy access in the developing world, a good Sunday read.
These flashbacks are inaccurate. Amy Abbott lived in Everwood at that time.
Just found out that Gain liquid detergent doesn't taste nearly as good as it smells. Just don't even ask how. I'm not even sure myself :-/
Damn that microwave pizza was Mad good #Yum!
Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Her tweets are wack
: Wait, BETTER than "Say hello to my Widow friend"?? Oh, wait, that was just in my head.
Congrats La Grange Little Leagers, 1-0 over Pennsylvania in front of a home crowd of 41,000.
RIP Frank Buckles ! The last World War 1 vet ! Thank you for service ! Now go and be with your brothers in arms and be at peace my friend !
how's STL? Saw you were at Bridge, yes?
The Orkin Man is slowly killing me. Stop spraying dammit!
Pulling for the #Blackhawks tonight!
The crisis is brought on by the Hamas terrorists
more tracks unless the extra tracks are thrash. Which is usually the case. Make em count
Q7 I would hate for books to be written to fit into a certain reading level. That sounds like a recipe for boredom.
Time for a pedicure!
yep! White people. So crazy.
You might meet at #WELead also. Great organization in SA. Are you following them?
thumbs up, we enjoyed it!
Man I love Clever Bot.
I'm losing him a day at a time. I need a hug... #ForeverAlone #
I am not wearing my shirt properly
Big Baby just got blocked!!
If you were born in the 90's you just don't get it.
familys coming tomorrow and im suuppppeeerrr excited! (:
UT flat out quit, Vandy is apparently incapable of winning a tournament game.
It tastes like a Coors Light mixed with a Guiness....try a 1554 from or even Sam Adams' version instead.
TBTAM.com isn't mine: The Blog That Ate Manhattan is a food-and-med blog I enjoy by a doctor-mom. I think you might enjoy it too!
this afro-cuban big bands got me hearin strange things yall
Can anyone fill me in on what MyEdu is, and how they have average grades from classes?
ya the rams theoretically should be a serious contender for awhile if bradford is healthy
Research is to see what everybody else has seen and to think what nobody else has thought. ~Albert Szent-Györgyi
I swear i will never drink that much again!!
Dont throw stones if you live in a glasshouse & if you gotta glass jaw you better watch your mouth before i break yo' face.
try kids, race, and private schools
how re you
Looking forward to seeing perform at the Gala this weekend!
#OKC straight up dominated Lakers. This could get out of hand. #Durant is performing at the highest level.
Stay gold, Ponyboy. Please, stay gold. -King Midas, forever silencing his dark secret: his bastard son, the Centaur.
Westward Bound artist Patrick Singh is from the South of France #patricksingh #westward bound
There's nothing to eat:P
Change of perspective...
Do you like me for my brain or my baud?
So great meeting and many more. You guys were all so amazing!
Where have you been?
I'm ready to play.
A gentle reminder: Regular check-ups matter. My mother probably wouldn't be alive today without them.
you know your a P.Y.T don't let them haters get you down.
BREAKING NEWS: Steve Jobs RESIGNS as CEO of APPLE!!!
Excited to field trip with BHS US History II to today!
Pacers appear to have pulled a page from the Heat playbook and act as if they've been shot whenever touched during a play.
Hey, got any Neko Case?
yea..Noah is a huge blow
RT : The one thing that unites all human beings_we ALL believe that we are above average drivers.
After gigging some election nights and not last night, I realized I need to gig recall night. Far, far less nervous when performing.
via : attending lotf session in SL. Will try to tweet while in session
I hate when my TL won't load and be actin janky! Ugh
Unlike last year's championship game, both teams look like they want to win tonight.
I love it
Holy wow
thanks lady! i'll definitely check it out...i want some birthday pants :)
Dude stole home today!
you made that?
you're welcome
Cucumber or cucumber water as well as grated potatoes and almond oil are great for soothing the eye area. Especially after a long Monday!
So excited! & I got our first South Mt. Veggie order today! Can't wait to go home & see our goodies!
Rebecca Black, it's #Friday. Lets go get down.
The folks at are prepared to give you a show AS YOU LIKE IT. Which is to say, if that's what you want, that's what they have.
Still doing web design? I could use your vision and smarts. From one midwesterner to another.
Next week. She's good.
Gronkowski has 15 touchdowns on the year
#ChristopherPlummer was born 2 years after the Oscars started. It's in it's 84 year.
RT : RT : Watching #16toLife on - just got to #dream sequence "She is a naughty girl!" hahaha
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. --William Arthur Ward
yes, was primary in that session! A nickel for 1st session w/o it..
Merry Christmas!!
Columbia University Film Festival Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Women Filmmakers Panel...
Of course, dear. ;-p
The fact that you sign autographs after a grueling practice says a lot about you in the first place. Can't please everyone!
stop tweeting and come drink at my house
me too im old
I appreciate you explaining that 42% of AHA proposal were accepted, meaning 58% were rejected, which is "like two thirds."
Tm103 in the Stereo.. Grape Swishersweets on Deck
Adrenaline is rocking at Huey's in Southaven MS. The show starts at 8:00p.m. Come have a Huey burger and rock out.
new code my man, it's a brave new world!
Nice one Bron. Das ya lunch?
#SometimesIWonder who u really are cuz u not da same anymore
Great photo!
So you seem to only chase those fake ambitions/ everything you hear, you take and listen/ in 1 ear and out your brain, but you never re ...
RT gym goal. increase the peak, outer head, and mass of the bicep. work the long head of the tricep. **Why you talking dirty for lol
"We have the DNA of civilization in our repositories." (libraries and museums) --Marsha Semmel
is there a difference between test firing a missile and firing a test missile?
Please follow me? :3
No way I can't believe that unbelievable comeback by the clippers #SpursNation is smiling right now FTGRIZ!!
Stop it with the Teletubby baby and Heath Ledger!
Aight, Asset Management is over 4 the day! Time to relax. 1st order of business is to download the nephew 's mixtape #21!!!!
not cool.. Molly we gotta get her back somehow!
Hilarious comedy by and tonight! And not at all inappropriate! ;) Happy Tammypalooza to me!
“: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of toilet paper every year.” 1/3 of that is from the family of
Before you look at the big picture you need to look thru the lens and be focused.
Centrism can be nice, IF society is at a place of balance. Unfortunately if society shifts to the right, guess where the center goes.
Seriously, Romney reminds me of a character from American Psycho. No empathy or depth, just appetite for shallow things.
Rick Astley doesn't get enough credit for a hairstyle that has really stood the test of time
Join Beckie Menzie and special guest co-host Laura Freeman tonight for Monday Night Live! See you at 7!
How many companies are using Google +1 on their websites?
I feel like death, not that I would know what that feels like, but I'm pretty sure after today I have a pretty good idea of what its like :(
welcome back to Twitter!
I believe in doing #'s
LOL I like Think About It 4 the beat, Beautiful Mind is a song that describes me (and u Sana) They're all A+
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (LinkedInQueen)?
If the Tigers could make a freakin' tip-in they could be leading this game. Pathetic.
today i made achiote roast pork w risotto and fresh salsa. 1 child wanted pbj. some people have never experienced fresh home cooking sadly
awesome! I am indeed. Youtube.com/palomapilar
I'm gonna build a computer for the elderly. No Enter/Return key, just a bell and a lever.
Yeah Buddy!😃
You know you're a foodie when a bad meal still pisses you off hours after the fact.
OMG! So scary!
"A ship in it's port is safe, however, that's not what ships are built for."
#Adu not pass go
Oh, is on PBS. Better get the popcorn going and a cuppa brewing.
Family - this is not where everything is perfect, and this is the place where they forgive each other!
Selling is about getting people to change-influencing them to believe what you believe.
jack, first pike ever and in the car
I'll #follow you, Muse..
haven't used the banana shaker yet... WHAT.... lol
Not uncommon to hear RT : I regret not declaring for the draft my junior year thinking that I could have a better year
I need to figure out where n wat I'm guna do 4 my 30th Bday this yr gutta plan early so it's all da way turnt up
Want to improve Rice? Join the GLBT Campus Climate Committee or the Student Activities and Presidents' Programming Fund Allocation Committee
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 BOTTLES!
At the movies wit baby bro. Gt to lve spendin time wit the little one
Wrote a really cool new song while listening to Obama middle east speech. Thanks diplomacy!
Hunt: that sort of perspective is missing in US foreign policymaking.
NEW SONG UP ON THE PAGE GET @ ME
Sorry I didn't get notified about your tweet. Our teacher is always reading something out of the paper, not really surprised haha
should our students bad freshman work be public forever?
you're a gentleman and a scholar
It's not going to be pretty at all,, if this motherfukker right here flips out
“: Just under 24 hrs until releases his music video!! #biggestfan #soexcited #goodmusic TIME GO FASTER!!!”
Start with the end in mind.
not to me I wore a big dumb coat
that's a great idea! Maybe on Monday...
To get a seat, I arrived fairly early for Tim O'Brien reading at Grossmont. Turns out I was the first one there.
Are you posting a new mock this weekend or will it be next?
Thanks for the follows!
What are hair plugs?
Nobody cares how much you know until they know how much you care.
ahahahaha. that definitely cheered me up.
Despite lousy season for Kentucky, their fans are dancing tonight with Pittino losing
kiss the baby! -
I had a hard time convincing myself it was Friday this morning, but #TGIF!
That probably sounded whiny but I don't care.
Is there a movie that you want to see after the award show last night?
Home not selling? Are you presenting it properly? Presentation is one of the key factors that determine a "SOLD" outcome!
listening to justin biebers christmas album in may.. akws
Xbox and movies all day?
Thanks for the RT! I greatly appreciate it!
Listen to the Buzz with Kimberly and Beck today for a chance to win tickets to Nov. 13th Season Closer! RCRD will be on at 8:30am!
The One Direction US Tour
I love U
#GoingRed with cereal and blood orange tea!
Hey ya'll, chill! I know that last pic wasnt a butterfly.. But "moth" or "Luna" didn't rhyme, u dig?
so happy my proposals for #MW2012 got accepted. It is always a serious nail biter!
State seeking smooth foster care transition - Peoria Journal Star
I"m going out on a limb and saying that today will be the last time the Orioles are under .500 for the rest oif the season. Shaky limb, but
Happy Easter everybody
State Excise Police arrest 2 Anderson residents after serving search warrants at pool hall and home. See story
Breaking news 186 accidents today in Oxford due to yoga pants.
When my bro come back, ima get in bed, text oomf goodnight then head to sleep.
To say nothing of what will happen to him once I get my fins on him...
what do you do?
That is seriously so random. I just watched the movie for the third or fourth time. Such a classic.
you're right - just reminded me of Colbert's hilarious comment re MIT
Lunch date w/ la tia 💋
Come to think about it.. My best friend saved my life... Thank you, I love you <3
Stuck in a boring conversation#help!
Is the realist nigga in battle
What? Didn't you know it's #earnestfriday? ;-)
A date night idea 2nite for him and her: wine tasting at (open until 6pm), dinner, and the home opener for
Had a great day!! Made 💰! Got to see my right ✋! And I got to spend time with my ❤❤❤❤❤'s!! It doesn't get any better than this!!!!!!
#youthetype to contribute to ignorance by leaving out the re in you're. The humanity.
...right. hahaha my bad. :P -Kayla
Kyle knows you're ditching him next week!
You turned me on to some great Tweeps today--thanks! And have a great weekend. Signed, Me & my biceps ;-)
Casey Anthony and George Zimmerman cases - so many parallels.
Perfect day for a burrito from ! It is sunny and lovely in Mpls.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Keep pushing music dude, your young. I UNDERSTAND, I've been there, trust me. You have amazing talent, don't give up :)
#Lebron reading "Who Moved My Cheese?" Anyone else just see that?
Libraried the complete poetry of John Donne. Now Easter in the mountains may happen.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Way too many moments to live in. Can't we all just get together at an annual conference?
Me either. Shit...why does twitter require a fuckin' masters degree!!!?????
if someone back stabs you, they weren't really your friend in the first place.... I'm here if you need to talk (:
Waiting for a doctor's appointment
And I find it kind of funny. I find it kind of sad. The dreams in which I'm dying, are the best I ever had.
Even better if it's white lacquer! RT : "I believe in plenty of optimism and white paint." (Elsie de Wolfe)
I completely agree!
I'm tired and this iPhone light bright ah on dim. Goodnight
Wishing luck, happiness and success to all the seniors!
please follow me
Bro. Bro. BRO! No
love the movie "Something Borrowed" but I cant help but feel angry about the fact that I would lose my mind if my best friend took my fiancé
my thoughts exactly.
hey clay did anyone send you pics?
Bradshaw: complex markup and linking create complex data structures. E.g., scribal profile+images+image polygons+commentary
Starships will never get old to me. Same with Super Bass.
So yeah. Go ahead & tell me the Hip Hop Police don't exist. I'll wait.
When you realize your relationship with someone is never going to go back to the way it used to be <
A women will we fuck for the money, even if your ugly. If you got the money she's fucking!! hahaha
Dumbest thing (wife) has asked me in a long time: "So, do you want any of this bacon?"
I need to catch up on Twitter
On a lighter note, I'd like to know more about the awesome cat sneer photo on
nah, go lake the posts instead. Security at Ryan Field probably lax
attending ELI Fall Focus
an hour*
Since KY has already beaten everybody in the Final Four but one, can't we just play OSU and be done?
i accidently forgot my book at school, so i cant finsh my worksheet for it, so i cnt study....so fuck it! lol
that's awesome! Congrats :D
you may've just opened a can of
Tonight's Foreign Film "The Lives of Others" (Germany 2006). Starts at 7:30pm. Don't miss this amazing movie!
thank you sands are u going I be in BG this summer
I'm in the mood for something italian.
#teamBlake I'M DYING.
Win a copy of Alison Hart’s WHIRLWIND Visit www.bookingmama.blogspot.com click on the cover on the left hand side before August 31st.
Broncos trade 25th overall pick to New Engalnd for 31st and an extra 4th round pick.
coming soon through INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING: DIFFERENT, a teen novel about a remarkably talented girl with ADD
The outer world is a mirror of who you are at any particular point in space-time.
Drastically improved OpenGL performance by reducing glDrawElements calls. Rendering all of Stormwind at 20fps.
seems to me that #xtina is jealous!!!! You are up and coming and she has stalled! Keep killing it dude you fucking rock
Can I stop playing trophy guard bruh? I'm old, my backs going out
Big New! Kissing Daylight will be opening for Kill Devil Hill @ the Mad Hatter on Saturday Oct 29th. We will have tickets for the show soon!
Adam Laroche has picked up where he left off in April. I think he's worth an add where available.
Why would anyone return your calls?
RT "Tragedy is just comedy that hasn't found it's audience."
Nutella Commercial on right now...OMG
Lunch Special! Cheese Steak Sub with Jalapeno Mayo, Fries, Coleslaw, and a Drink. It's time for a hibernation meal.
I'd hug you all day if I could.
I have to nap for at least an hour
Picked the wrong day to take a internet marketing course for millet tourism. Keyword search is heartbreaking.
Erase Everything Inside And Leave Just One Thing On Your Mind. You Only Live Once So Just Go Freaking Nuts. 'SS
Morning people. At work!! It feels like 100 degrees outside. Wow
Thanks! Hope you have a good holiday as well!
Off to personal training...aarrgghh
you suck too, lol.
My fave part of In The Room was Fleury's helmet cam. His jabbering at teammates was classic. Love it.
strategy, control, and really not having anything else to offer/say mentally. she seems mentally ill at times.
I live USA ^^
#FF Southern Writers
Amen. RT : Hope there's a special place in hell for purveyors of hotel wifi.
all of this 'follow them and i follow u' crap is bombing my tweet feed get over urself and find a new hobby
So true! Let the church say amen!
Elluz made an appt to come in to our clinic and get a free massage this is going to weird
Beliebers Are Excited For Turn To You :)
How about yourself?
hungry and tired
Deana tits r awesome!!!!
Good morning I don't want to go to school really tired!!!:(
Seems scientific progress is judged by the worst possible thing that could happen, never the best, or even most realistic.
There it is! My point guard appeared
I feel so bad to Tim Tebow. New York Jets. Woof! The guy is going to get destroyed by the media storm.
I really need to start my days in fewer Stretch Armstrong-like positions. Ow.
OK........the Easy bake Cakes are ready! Yum!
Is signing off and headed to bed: check the show tomorrow!!!!
Thanks for having us!
Aw, don't worry be happy :)
Google Summer of Code ( ) needs an Autumn of Usability.
Boston never been a LA fan
Great to meet you at NCVS! What's your email? I'd like to send you the answer to a question you asked at the show...
Have you met our new leasing consultant? Welcome Kady! We are so happy to have you on our team.
Massage this morning, then a haircut. Wonder if I can squeeze anymore body maintenance appointments in before tonight's X show... Pedicure?
THANK YOU!!😡grrrrr!!
I'm tryna get it together
guess who's gonna be in today's [harbor]...
Thank you Melissa for forming a "new" Dream! haha! I am so excited you all are back, and can't wait for Lady Phoenix's album
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by Chris Rene -
I thought I was too. But then I ordered pizza and just looked at it put it in the fridge.
Still not putting the ducking motor in
Contrats! RT : Amazing!! RT : PR Agency of the year winner is Ketchum! Congrats again!
"That was the best crab cake I've ever had"-At least 4 people last night complimenting the Owl Bar's jumbo lump!
Im sitting at a bar on the inside, waiting for my ride on the outside.
car show next weekend! Drowning Pool in house next Saturday night. 8111 Meadow Leaf 410&Marbach 78227
Excellent. We'll be looking for you. Cheers!
Thanks for the RT!
Stupid Spam Emails >:-(
I'm giving up on a life as a professional. Its no fun whatsoever.
I have a little brother now ;* Welcome to the world Jr .
hahah, no one wants to go there! you coming out Wednesday night for the AXE event? I will shoot you an email...
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
I'm going to see and tonight at lamberts!! 1st RT gets a spot on the guest list!
ME WITHOUT YOU A pothead who's not high A plane that doesn't fly A fat man with no boobs A hooker with no luck A hoe that doesn't suck RT RT
According to Wall Street Journal, Apple's iPhone will have a larger screen
This may be silly, but why not use fan donations to fund a portion of this stadium? I'd chip in $1,000 over the next 30 years.
« « Words only affect you as much as you let them...»»
I think a lot of this broads are taking these hoodie pics because their hair is just fucked up.
in NY to promote my new book!
Break his legs
#Wisconsin #Governor #ScottWalker declares it 'Beat Up On Everything St. Louis Weekend!' Then bans Bud. #GreenBayPackers #MilwaukeeBrewers!
Don't know. Can't see the area from the house. Was standing in the garage when it shook the ground. Nada from the neighbors.
I'd be honored if you checked out my little sister's new site. She is, in my opinion, very talented! www.alkohlmannimagery.com
Full of vinegar today. Cynical re: Facebook now calling its Privacy Policy a Data Use Policy. Fed up w/ shoddy voice quality on phone.
interviews & about #WeTheParty on the latest plays Movie News Roulette.
More Than Welcome Lady Leslee... how been thy day as of yet?
