Work project postponed. You have no idea how happy I am the do jack squat this weekend.
it's going good! This is my fifth week, I'm following a 24 wk training plan
I sent him the letter :O
RT : Thanks to the Rocky Mountain Chapter for hosting and coordinating the volunteers!
Let's get drunk you can drive us to the harbor...
Nevermind i'll find someone like you i wish nothing but the best for you too(8)
Check out the #Taste&Toast event tonight 5-8pm. #mikelpatrik is the featured artist!
That tends to be many people's reaction to my musical selection. :)
Morning people its one day closer to Fri hope everybody has a great day!
Oh, hello, short story money in my mailbox. Such a happy thing to see!
Sweet, thanks bro. Enjoy!
Whoa dang. Craziest dreams ever!!!
when i hear gravy i think of tomato sauce..
I wasn't that drunk..... Jokes are overused
😢 not feeling good
- I don't care what you have , I just want your heart babes (:
Thank you for the update- crazy afternoon out there!
Oh heck yeah that was bomb! I think I found a new drink!
Zac Efron Hit By Naked Picture Scandal
he must stank
It's all about mindset - you become what you EXPECT to become, either in a negative or positive way
For our American friends, Happy 4th of July! To all our other friends, boo Monday!
The most diabolical villain in the world.....
Ugh. At the moment
Chicago Our #Bulls need us more than EVER!!
Just hit the 70 page mark of the thesis. Geez oh man, this baby is going to leave hella stretch marks.
check mother earth news website
Gearing up for an awesome NASCAR season. Hall of Fame induction tonight. Carve out some time to check it out Meg.
A wonder indeed! 2.5lb cubed, boiled and chilled red potatoes, .5c mayo, 1c sour cm, bacon bits, 2c cheddar, and gr onion.
Hey what is wrong with
go on youtube and search "xgetturnedon" and then watch the Awkward Moments video :P its my friend and I!
they ran at large. Top two vote getters win.
Airport airport airport
This is what happens to an online reputation when you piss off a bunch of people... its only getting worse arni.es/nIsjTK
Replay, thanks Check out the material mp3 frees
Today is Friday! :D Day relaxing
Your Welcome! RT : ➡Thank you for Tweeting about me today. ☺
Oh hello
lol nothing.....its been a very long time sir.
At the Phillies/Dodgers game. I'm just as surprised as you....but I bet I'm even more bored.
tired of standing up. think iam done for the day
WHY DON'T YOU COME TO BRAZIL? D:
You're always cute, because you're naturally the cutest person ever.
Day 4 of #detox! Feeling full actually, full of fruit! An easier day compared to the 1st three. Only 10 and a half days to go!
Explained the concept of hashtags to my boyfriend yesterday
flights are now going out and on time but I booked my ticket for next week so let's see what god has planed for me in the A!
Complications inside of me remind me that my heart won't always beat.
it's your undying support like this, that gets me through my troubled times
What's your favourite song to do a cover of? Please answer
Thank you to all Baron clients for the OUTSTANDING holiday gifts.... You all are amazing!
Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast by Lewis Wolpert. Non fiction.An interesting way to view marketing strategies.
The Crowd gotta get into this game just a little bit more
so did I. Now, I just want to be retired, lol.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash
Working on getting the translations for the "Love in Any Language" series. Just one of the things coming from Stained Glass Hearts in 2011!
RT #weCantKickIt if u r unemployed
great store but don't expect the stuff to last longer than 2 years
Up and at 'em, drinking a cup of tea and checking on my plants on the back porch and catching up on what's happening in the world...
rain in NYC...
Sunday and Monday are supposed to be 82° D:
Las Vegas! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
with all of us
If you can't screw the back ground actors, who can you screw, right? Thank you sessions, In a world, extras management & central casting...
I need to fix my nails.
In the end, you’ll realize the best thing in life is not something you can touch, but something you can feel. ♥
Time to clean up when you cant find stuff
#madonna...she's like an old timey version of #ladygaga, right? didn't she pop out of a cake like 100 years ago or something?
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don't let the drama bring you down.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
i'm in a song writing mood, inspired by Maroon 5's "Payphone" &the pain that he has caused me for the past months. lets see what happens :)
Unfortunately, the fanciest thing in my apartment now is High Life--the champagne of bottled beers. (I'm having one, tho.)
you rock!
RT : Getting lunch with the beautiful Daniella today at Streetfood Asia. Haven't seen this girl in so long.
On the train. The guy next to me is eating the cord to his headphones. NOM. NOM. NEED MORE DIET COLA!
flight is at 11am
Thank you for the follow. Honor,Courage,Hope,Love,and Freedom ~American Amaranth
Go Cardinals! That will shut the critics up.
Explain... somewhere. email?
What size does that come in!?
Wake up wake up!!!..
Remember when oil was 10 cent a barrel...in the model t to days...
What is that? A turtle biting an apple.
I have had it with artists and their one week notice for tickets. Sorry I'm not rich.
Aw, shit, I just created a novel outline and intend to stick to it.
RT : Stop by any Harris Teeter Starbucks & you can purchase 2 Starbucks Petites for just $2 (plus tax). Limited time only
Yeah right, I find that type of man hot, too. Did you fuck him?
Best of luck in the "large school" state tourney RT : Prep football: Waunakee tops among large schools in AP preseason poll
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
if you were on facebook theseadays you'd know that i am having one!
Going to the dentist ughh
Thank you Riot Fest for helping me to remember how much fun a rock show can be.... That was most fun I've had at a show in years.
make sure to thank your mothers today! :'D ♥ -isabelle
are you going to warped tour in Kansas City? :)
Who's Ready To Party Tonight
that's really cute !
Cam Newton Is The Best QB In The League!
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker. Zig Ziglar (via )
National League baseball: #Brewers finished game with pinch-runner and three pinch-hitters in game.
Can't wait to Werk it out!!!!!!! Leaving in T minus 2 days :)
I swear I think this way too often. I'm the best company I could have!
Ohio State Buckeyes rt If Columbus got an NBA team, what would their nickname be?
Happy Friday! School is officially out tomorrow! Yayyyyy
An even stranger thought, what of you were following their twitter and you've yet to meet ._.
Faculty try to figure out how to take 10% of time off from classes!?!?!?! Thanks Arnold - at least he "won't be back".
brb crying
4 is the magic number
when is this Skype meeting going to happen
good thing I haven't picked up a Costco bin of them for the office. So many temptations.
Working on Saturday... how about you?
Dear Monitoring dept- if a Data Center has a scheduled outage and I get a hundred down pages, I'll be watching - no need to send 100 up :/
#iloveitwhen you quote a movie in front of a group of people and you have a new friend :)
Badger Herald uses really weak reasoning in Op-Ed: Total eclipse of the Union?
Stars and stones - what a great combination, Peter
hehe i hope it comes soon! & isnt it like 1:00am in kentucky? Lol my uncle lives there
Fuck Henry Rodriguez. Moreso Davey Johnson. He should have never been in.
ENOUGH PITCHING!!!!!
Little brother has been in the shower for going on 17 minutes..every second counts on a rushing school morning.
Drug dogs on 4/20. If you bring pot to school today you're an idiot
Finished A Winter's Tale with 8-13 year-olds. Next...?
EBSCO datbases are down all around the country today!! No Academic Search Complete, which is our bread and butter...
You didn't answer in the form of a question!
Watching the vow with my mommy.
Ovaltine made with unsweetened almond milk as a post-ride recovery drink. Not bad. Washed down a few rice bars.
embarrassment when u walk out house and have to go back in to change, cuz you realise that ur just too sexy for ur shirt :/
but not as cool as your avatar.
So very true RT “: If you're never tested, you never really know what you're made of. #TheSW”
Yeah, I guess I'm not going to push it to the limit tonight and get it done tomorrow, no partying, CU!
I'll be for the big game this Sunday, go
Downloading Lion OS now! Among other things, farewell mouse; it's a multi-touch world now
Listening to John Mayer <3
its real out here in these twitter streets
Yeap, ^^ long time no see, by the way, how R U? your photo is cute, :)
#RT IF YOU ARE MAHOMIES SINCE + 6 Month :D
Can't sleep, strange bed. At least I had an enjoyable, if unproductive day in Madison
Obama's foreign policy is the best I've seen in years & Perry's dumb ass said he would restart the Iraq war, what a #gop asshole.
we have heard of student centered learning but it has been only superficially understood...
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Tomato. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
State enforced rents? That's way oversimplification.
Jealous :( #workinggirlproblems wish I could come and visit with you all!
thank you, Jenny and Stacey!
Looks like Century Link Field will be at full capicity for Cascadia Derby's, this will be awesome!!!!
Once you're in a trolling spree, you can't just stop :)
We will be in the building...
pens when in overtime...not happy, LEAVE ME ALONE!
no problem see you on Monday
City Lights- My Entire Life.
Can't wait to play this 95 metacritic Batman game :O Loved Arkham Asylum.
School in the AM.. Hope we are busy so it goes by fast.
Lady of Fatima image draws crowd
wht we going to do
Jesus IS the Gospel. Period. Without Him, there is no message.
I decided to stay home today. Without permission. Love my parents new schedule.
Great meeting. Thanks to Josh for speaking to us & reminding us what it's about; bright, young people who will make communities proud!
is learning FLASH again....!!!
what is this from?
Deep fried pickles and mozzarella sticks sounds good right about now.
yes :c
Just finished Christine Falls by Benjamin Black, the crime-writing pseudonym of literary novelist John Banville. Good stuff!
Run with it
Great piece of writing capturing the magic and importance of Do Lectures! Well done!
so so beautiful
Just caught up to last episode of Lost on Netflix. Totally Awesome.
NaLee mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold.... check it out at NaLee2010.com
it's not just a store, it's a lifestyle.
Speaking in 3rd person is annoying as well..."At the end of the day, LeBron James is going to what's best for LeBron James"
OMG! can't wait. Def watched #RHBH reunion last night plus #thevoice & was in TV heaven. I'll admit it
#whitestarbar - I ordered from 9th and Coles- they have what's on their menu & the bartender didn't scream at me
Thank you !
I..you know..I think they do.
Fill in the blank: I go to the gym ________ times per week.
Alrighty did, Marty :)
I dunno, why?
Even though he's almost 24.
Happy, , for your follow. Nice profile picture. Looking forward to #Opera, #theater & things talk :)
it's about velocity, not speed.
Burlesque is my shit i can watch it over and over again..
My metabolism was becoming like a bitch in the street that I could deal with... Lol
Looking at an early spring release.
I understand your problem, but I don't know how to help you... I'm sorry... ♥
Contact info deleted. Finna unfollow her ass Smh stupid hoes nowadays. I don't want a part of the drama you carry with you
some people got murked, the O's mostly won, Bealfeld is quitting and we doubled down on grand prix dumbness.
This week don't miss Casting Directors from ARMY WIVES, LIGHTS OUT, & ABC DAYTIME !
20% of men watch porn at work
Just found out that is on Twitter.
I hope it was all good. What did you guys talk about?
I know of only one bird - the parrot - that talks; and it can't fly very high. - Wilbur Wright
I hate when i cant sleep...
too bad it wont matter when you play the pack next year punk
Easter's coming up, and we've got bunnies on the show today! Plus, must-have wedding looks for the spring & summer! Watch at 9am!
We are talking about performance and the limits of control...
great day filled with a lot of learning!
Wait so, Nymphostache is just something my uncle made up?
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because hearts can break but circles go on.
Yay!! =D I still don't get this twitter thing, may have to just stick with fb lol
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training Nov special is up in a few days. Get with us now, forever get $20 an hour Personal Training sessions
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are well.
best kids ever.
Looking forward to #LunchOnGoogle with the and crowd!
The most important person in the world that you can ever talk to is the person standing right in front of you. Ken Dunn
It's good! I'm getting ready to tour the penitentiary now. I forgot how cool Philly is
Don't know if I'll ever get over hearing Arcade Fire in mainstream commercial establishments.
315 chores were completed yesterday using Pretty neat.
FREE 100% Natural Desserts samples and Espresso or Cappaccino! Come visit us BOOTH 2496
if this dumb hoe get in my camera one more time, IMA BREAK HER GODDAMN NECK, cause thats how im feelin' right now.
"Never settle for being a character in someone else’s story when you are meant to be the author of your own"-
haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood? I knew it was haha
RIGHT? I can't remember…have you read the books? I just can't imagine what non-book readers think of that ending!
haha then maybe you should have actually held it :)
Is it just me or is this NBA All-Star Saturday Night Boring as Hell so far!
doooont drink n drive! :)
Happy Birthday Leap Year babies!
Damn you #ArianFoster!! Your inconsistency is not helping me win...
Hello Katie how is things I sent you the link to look @ the UGG boots.
hey, i'm stalking you, please feel better and come back to life, the world needs you...
i need a pimp-daddy fast!!:D lolzzz...
i knew u was gonna forget about a nigga
not sure ur luck will matter ;)
hella cool and Super Cute
What happened to all those respectful criminals?
Ready or not, here I come
who lied and told you that?
I fought a tuna for an hour once, 150lb yellowin and a tiger shark ate it like a chicken wing right next to the boat
I didn't know you were also a music producer, director that's cool how long have you been
Roger that!
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome birthday cake today! :)
I could watch this Wen commercial all night.
Physical education... They take the wellness study, coaching, fitness and pedigology minors
Without the tweets the debates are actually kinda scary.
u must not love a HOTEL like I do..but understand.. I get it SEA and FAR are very different 2 as far as hotels
Just my luck. 😒
I recommend ipodjuice.com. They couldn't fix my particular problem (water damage) but were very professional. Got detailed, quick report.
If u tell me to do Somethin u can do it yourself... if u ask me politely ill gladly help u outt yo
The arms of love encompass you with your present, your past, your future, the arms of love gather you together.
we lead the has tag battle cause Giants fans are the best!
At American Girl with my Princess..my son now made me promise to take him to go see T.Rex at MOSB.
#nowplaying on "Tonight Is The Night"! What a great song!!
Damn we look good!
Good morning! Is anyone braving the weather for a #run outside?
I'm about to turn this off. Please do something lakers.
Maybe we'll get more #SKC #soccerallies b4 the Pride Fest kick-off game on 5/27. Who's standing up for #equality?
Fuck pompous people.
Heat whooped ass tonight
I think my grindr is broken. All the hot boys seem to be in Vegas at the moment
A4: If you have a university in your area with an #artsadmin program, go to any events that are open to the public.
Woo! Hope the Cards bullpen stays like this all year!
Let's chat. Follow/DM me. (you can unfollow later, no worries! I see you keep a small list)
text me right now!! I need to talk to u like before I explode!!!
so wish you were here! you would love it! big HUGS, sweet gal! praying for you with all your heavy loads! mwah!
Don't Tweet about what's on the shelves. Tweet about what you can do with it.
im weaing mine!!!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I need to meet more people in atl, tired of bein n the house at night
Clutch FT coming up. Kobe gonna do it?
Theres so many ppl waiting...im so glad we didnt have to wait thanks to my cuzen she put us on the list hrs ago xD
I'm missing her like Amber Alert
Tomorrow, Feb 3 is "Mispell Your First Name Day". Change the misspelling of your name on Facebook. Please retweet & share on Facebook.
Thank you! And I'd be honored.
Aww love it! Thanks for all the love girl!
I have been writing since noon. Time to reward myself!
GWAVA Augments Messaging Security with Image Detection from Image Analyzer
Just saw a skateboarder eat it so bad. Walked it off though
t p
I made u.
Omg so glad i have to do this project instead of taking an hour long test
^ Irresistable Irony About a year had passed since my amicable divorce, and I decided it was time to start dating again. Unsure how to...
I wish it would be 5/22 already so I could get the goddamn Clash of the Champions DVD.
We saw what may have been a body covered by a yellow tarp. If so, this is the second dead person I've seen in a month. :(
I think there is better chance to win the big jackpot tonight!
hmm... not necessarily a 'bad' thing
Thank you! At this point I would have kept Balkman. that dude played with energy.
ima rip yo heart out thats what they call chest pain!
Do you want to play a game of #FaceAss? Lol!
Most people have it after a night out. ;).
I should be off in time to catch it, or the second half atleast. Don't get caught!
The motto for the rest of my life: You can't control your feelings.
Free Netflix! Yea!! 👍👌😁 lmao I love you baby😘
idk Ben, you tell me xD
'If the data functions, we're good with that.'
Keep your dick in ur pants, and not in your personality...
I dreamed I was at your concert.
writing, writing, writing...
when love is lost means new love could be found. Hard to see that when it happens though, we always want to hold on to the feeling.
I wasn't planning on doing much tonight but I just found out is playing 8-12 at Webster. Seems mandatory.
and we get to watch America's #1 punter!
Clearly I support it....because I'm from Baltimore, haha.
wooohoo finished with opensim stuff for now!
You're the best! Thanks Clive
So Much 2 Say is just $7.99 (April 1-3) in honor of World #Autism Awareness Day. Then just $14.99 for the rest of April.
ugh my sis on the computer downstairs and im on the laptop up stairs and we both listening to music but every song i wanna play she play it!
Sign in on WabashGuest network Name. trippetguest password n95wa3us
Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!
I'd probably die if followed me.. let alone read this tweet.. I LOVE YOU ZAYN<333
haha! That's what I was thinking too!
tarp is off the field at the Little League World Series. first pitch expected in about 15 minutes.
RT : My eye is fine, X-ray is negative. I should be ok for the Raptors. (Good news.)
Let's go Red Devils!
FOLLOW ME :(
Ima tweet my ass off until 12 lol, it's extra slow today 👌
And here om the hate on LeBron.... now
i just wanna know if u still love me :/
yummy! If u have extra time in the morning add a banana & scoop of peanut butter to your chocolate #mix1 then blend!
Haha. Is EVERYONE taking the day off to see "The Avengers"?
Your wish is Nat Geo's command...they ARE bringing jousting back! It's called Knights of Mayhem!
Go w/Joe's recos! RT : Eat! Cupcake pancakes , Wings Yak-Zies, Great ribs Full day!
Great reporting and outcome MT : Pelley’s first story about stem cell con men launched a federal investigation: t.co/KdWhgvfD
Now I'm nervous! Haha.
#PhDStudentPanel hold library workshops in early morning/evening so I can attend! Middle of day is bad.
If there's a glimmer of hope, the starting pitching has been darn good to start the season
Seeing cry is the saddest thing I've ever seen...
I could never forget you guys (;
How u doing today tv
Youngins, the both of ya!
Last week of the Biggest Sale of the South! Are you "driving Southern" yet?
What's your gamertag?
thats outrageous! how are people going to have coronas and margaritas with out lines?!
DC Comics Wonder Woman Symbol Distressed Youth T-Shirt
Wow. Crazy snow flurry time.
Happy happy birthday!!!! 💝🎂
Thanks! That's some great company!
we need to go out and watch a game this year. Great time last year at Hose 22.
gotta get back to workin out... :)
went song by song there is not one word on this whole thing...
I felt like I was stolen from after watching some of that national title game last night. Buccos for life!
can definitely do it!! And I'm hoping it doesn't take 7 games!!
Very, very tempting. I'm co-leading a workshop, though, so prob shouldn't. Keep me in the loop?
See you Friday then at the party that's if your not scared!!!
Very sad :( are his football days over?
Yes, very dependent on the music itself in terms of effectiveness, of course...phasing, that's the term that escaped me!
Why unfortunately,BooBoo?? This #CelticsNation u ain't no RT : Unfortunately/RT Did Boston win!???????????
good luck!
Good morning SFO
tweet at us for 8000!
I guess if no one has a negative comment, I might not be saying anything.
Wilson Chandler's return? “: Anyone want to guess what the lead story will be tonight in Denver?”
I totally agree with you! Beat Lupus!
thank u! ;) for u too, you're so sweet<3 thank u xoxox!
Thank you! RT : A happy national teacher appreciation day to awesome world changing teachers like
Awesome setting so many happy people and proud parents around today
Make that
$3 jameo shots @ pb ale house!!!! Need I say more????
I LIVE THE CONCEPT EVERYDAY WITH THEM MAD LOVE AND RESPEC!!! CHECK THEM OUT FROM CLEVELAND SHOWING LOVE TO THE CITY!!!!
"Deer are like Ed Hardy shirts -- They're everywhere and they're annoying." - Sklar brothers.
You can now upload a logo that is up to 520 pixels wide to span across the entire tab. For best results, upload a 520 x 108 pixel logo.
Tomorrow is Midlist Monday. By a book by an obscure author at an indie book store! #mislistmonday. I suggest one by
So jealous you are there! Have fun and take pictures for me :)
"puffing on Jane, cause that's my gal."
.. LOl at do that with every team. Naw, I make full season predictions for football and baseball.
what will happen to #Egypt?
Right on ! both destroy!
blah blah
Listening to my Grandfather talk now reminds me of how cassette players sounded when the batteries started to go. He's winding down.
if it was, I'm switching to android on general principle.
four straight goals. good work guys!
ALtho we go thru tough times remeber those who have always been there for you. They are still there waiting for you to open up. ♥
So he can miss it.": #NBAPlayoffs why foul him"
Harry's and Louis' relationship:P
Pathetic first half effort from the Pacers, from Vogel to the bench. That kind of ball will drive fans away.
I see where you get it from dear :P
MAHOMIES gonna LOVE !!!
OMG DID YOU HEAR THAT!!!
RT Looking forward to hearing Henry Kelly's remarks on the DOE EERE budget at tomorrow's briefing!
Composer George Perle typed 4 pages (single spaced) of suggestions before my rehearsal of his Sonnets to Orpheus. PRESSURE!
Wait is coming to NYC too?
RT Social media belongs to everyone, but PR plays role in using it to tell company's story & build community
Dawn Rochelle Models is looking for talented make up artists in the Dallas area
miss you too! What are we gonna do about it??
there's probably an icelandic metal fantasy band called Skyrim. There just has to be.
Get bangin'! Large forehead-thick, chunky bangs.Small forehead-long bangs that start far back.Not sure? Long side bangs work for all!:)
inevitably, yes.
I'm mad i spelled conceited wrong..i be tryna multitask and fuck up my tweets lol
LOL On my 3rd cup of coffee. Sweet elixir of life.
Praise be to his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory. Amen and amen. Psalm 72:19
glad you enjoyed The New Yorker article!
RT : Show your pride, San Diego. Wear red & black tomorrow to support our #Aztecs in the first round of NCAA basketball tourney
Ugh wish they wake up!.
nice i'm from usa , ca !
and making hits right now!!!!!
My students will be "encountering" Don Mee Choi's THE MORNING NEWS IS EXCITING. So far, they've made me proud.
Grabbing Peet's Coffee before I head out of Cali & was asked if I wanted "Soy Milk, Goat Milk or Regular Ole Milk" Sorry to be boring!
I was thinking of getting that one. Let us know how it is.
Great idea to update the iPod with some fresh tunes. Helps to give the workout some new energy.
not gonna lie, my powerpoints are pretty fucking baller
Easter road trip!
I Got Ta Love Ya :)<3
wats the business on collabos and feats from you my dude? Hmu with the details!
haha do work booty!
like midnight! :(
Hey! How have you been? Sorry it's been a while, I got mobilized, so now I'm in Iraq and stuff.
My ex girlfriend is like cancer.
oh my gammit......next week is the week of the academic decathlon competition!!!! epppp! im literature...must...study.... >.>
On this site in 1897 nothing happened--Getting ready for a fun sale this weekend. Halloween costumes, vintage masks and random objects.
Morales should walk two and then Bard can get the triple play, right?
It kinda seems like I was happier when you was over her = )
and diet red bull is the worst chaser...
RT : I've had it & lost it & I'm here to tell you... Money isn't everything.
Beauty fades and dumb is forever.
#20ThingsAboutMe 3) i cant wait till summer! 4) im scared of the dark! 5) i eat ALOT but somehow don't get fat, 6) im a funny person.
Never nude
Yesterday's 11-10 #RedSox L was the 5th time this season a team scored in double-digits & lost. It happened 15X last year.
Big, huge beautiful snowflakes in abq. It's so white outside!
Go bucks, go!
Hi, friend :)
Show at chasdrs tonight..shits gonna be packed lets go
Disaster for Michigan. 2 Pens -25 yards, 3/G now 4/G for FG attempt.
- Uecker, that's got to be it.
I love you <3333
i just adore how Pauly D says Stalker on Jersey shore (: <3
Ran into an old friend from gw at #BJxmas4! #smallworld!
With the New Year upon us it's time to dust off the business plan, set written goals, and decide on the right resolutions
Looks like Adobe will succeed in making Adobe Edge the tool of choice for Standards-based animation (HTML5)
*ABRACADABRA* nope, you're still a bitch.
Wing night! Come to Mario's from25 cent wings and watch the NCAA men's bball championship. Kentucky v Kansas at 920. $2 yueng drafts 10-12
The problem with falling in love with your best friend is that you can't talk to your best friend about it.
Hope it is a great Vday 4 all! Another sweet deal on the way for hump day. Hint: Gives explosive energy for that intense workout.
I want you to know that I am ready to go…my heart beat
Double punch drink of the day is a gingerbread latte, yum!
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands? ~Milton Berle
“Once we choose hope, everything is possible.” ChristopherReeve. Give for cures. I did! bit.ly/powerofwe
Breakdown of presentation for my training team #astd10: changes in industry, engagement and project mangmnt
In order to get some things done you have to do it yourself. Nothing new just a constant reminder. Smh
I was kidding. Don't take it do literal.
Well I shall see u at 930. Good night
us top shop website is not as good as the uk one.
The Walek Book Division will be at #bea2011 today and tomorrow
I am old compared to you :(
#SDSU Steve Fisher telling his players to behave at football game. I feel obliged to listen
1 more time - First 3 ppl to RT my next tweet get free hot dogs Sat night @ Nemo's during 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party (while they last)
Let’s face it- Our first job is to make sure our customers are happy. Let us know how we can make that happen!
hey there was a nicer more budget balanced part before the sequel bush #why #do #sequel suck so much?
Lmao semi day off
Thanks for bringing home a championship. You do MN proud.
lol i know all the lyrics to the song but idk what it means isnt it i like it like tht or somethig?
I have a confession to make don't ridicule me when I say it! . . . . I like. . . the twilight movies. . . I can hear the laughter now -_- !
This #GCB show is definitely growing on me.
we deliver to Rainbow!
Yall single females be so oblivious to da obvious... im rite here...yo bf loll
The latest version of #kiddori for #iPhone is now available in the App Store.
I am watching Frasier at 2 AM on a Saturday night. Exactly what the frat guys do.
if a woman is bad a parking its prob just bc she has been constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
"my music is way out there- hard to describe- not accessible- but I would call it EMO". best guy impressing chick line ever!
If Michelle Obaba could get some Taco Bell in da cafeteria.... OH! I WOULD DIE HAPPY!!!!!
also, I drank an oil can o' Fosters, just like a real bloke would! And then I started insulting the British!
#okolona the realist
Some people are just so stupid.
S/O to my brother My boy graduating from FSU today.
Excellent Comedy Show last night!
I don't know. Is it "day" yet?
#ThatOnePersonWho Always seems to find a way to piss you off but you dont know how they do it. -_____-
great will be happy for u to stop by and see us. I'll even treat. Show this message to person working & it's on me!
Thank you for the RT
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for not giving up on Austin <3 and staying with him through everything <3 <3
follow and please :D x48
._. This bitch just tried to yank my nail off.
was awesome seeing ya!
Happy World Listening Day!
My twitter is all messed up :(
A big musical welcome to , , and
ahh thats lame! Is your school weird?! haha Most schools in the U.S. have that week as vacation week!
When I'm sad I go on YouTube and watch and then I feel so much better. :)
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
Thks 4 question No harder then any other prop. Good - inc- fico-ratios-loan officer. Over all REO properties have deals.
Had a long week I need a drink and my 2step...
#nowayjose Aw saw this 10 seconds after you posted it, but couldn't possibly make it across the country that fast... :)
I'm ready to see "Think Like A Man"
Thanks! Absolutely.
Nokia announced Tuesday that its X3 smartphone will hit the European consumer soon and sell for around $160.
Is Jay Glazier really standing in a call center??
;; Yeeeahh . He just sits in my lap andd stares at the television .
BREAKING NEWS: SURG Restaurant Group announces Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers to open a new restaurant in Brookfield in June called 8*twelve!
I'll take care of you..
it's working, it's working
it doesn't matter to me dude! Travis is gonna go with us since the Integra broke down. Emily knows its just us tonight.
thx. Love you!
Stories from #MickeyGilbert & #JackGill call attention 2 the inequity that theAcademyAwards fail 2 recognize the Stunt Industry!
Im trying to get a job over the summer what about you cause i got early morning pratice
Whats the difference between yesterday and today?? Nothing.
Totally tore it out. Its mine now :)) -Gianti
cups of the XO.
stomach flu?
Hi Hope you're doing well! Please spread the word ---
Hey Elena, love your work. When are you coming to the US?
BTW I agree with this problem of WP's RT : I've told him that! But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
Last Friday class for the rest of my life Whoooohoooo!
Even the sun sets in paradise.
and then got suspended for it.
cranking out a group project tonight with , and :)
#Autumn is based on a book, apparently. So that must lend it some quality, yes?
bought a whole Lake Superior whitefish at Heartland Farm Direct Market in St Paul. It will be cooked whole with ginger and scallions.
Keep things simple. Believe!!!
" haha I have no words. You would be front and center for midget wrestling" Weirdest/best thing ever. Mostly weird..
I'm glad I have a family who loves me enough to let me stay in on hot days like this #chillingintheAC =P
You can't make the law fair in Buffalo, NY today? Come meet us at the Univ. of Rochester tonight @ 6:30-7pm in the May Room, Wilson Commons.
Holy smokes! RT : Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history. (h/t )
you're on your bed? (:
Thank you so much love! Help show us around will ya?
Shower & hair appointment 
because one could utilize "used" and the only reason not to is to try and make oneself seem more important than one actually is.
I keep checking to see that this is COMEDY Central's site. It seems to be full of scolding.
Thanks for RT...have a great week:)
violent crimes should be defended MUCH more aggressively and skillfully than a pot charge. That is the only way the public
Agreed, I don't go looking to start trouble, I just root hard for my team. You'll be fine, it'll be a great atmosphere.
Cool, and congrats! Is it in NY? We love our galleries here.
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose. Classic Rock from Santa Rosa to Santa Cruz.
I once watched a stripper get arrested for pedophilia for giving a lap dance.
That hurt
And coming down off that good mood high on my own.. good job Crystal... kudos.
Glad we could help! RT : Your tweet came at the perfect time. Just started looking up QR Codes today for a project. Thx!
Texas Baseball Frustrated!
I can empathize with the fact that Dragic and Lee are worn out and aren't used to this many minutes. But I'd rather have ...
its all good, I gotta get back to work anyways. Ill see ya tonight.
I havent smoked in 4 days. Ill start killing in the morning.
Congrats on #newsbabes, ! I'm always so proud of the good work you do to help others. Xo
RT I Got That Human Earthquake D**k Shake Shit, Make You Hop Out The Bed & Baked Shit ((d-_-b))
#tobehonest you can get really annoying , but i love you anyways>.<
· how is your day???
I'M SICK. WILL YOU TWEET ME. PLEASE. I'M SICK. DID I MENTION I'M SICK?
went to GNC and got a new stack for the month. #megamay is now in session
Happy Moms Day to all the moms out there!
In a law firm profile photo pay special attention to your tie: high quality, perfect condition, well-tied, proportionate, subtle, present
#kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 2:30p: A great way to end your child’s day!...
~ well I better stop this bottle service lol!
We are now 180 fans away from our goal of 1,000!
Amy Wilson gives HCM update unified on-boarding (role based), I-9 and payment elections. New enhancements for mgrs.
nothing tops des moines. nothing.
#basketballwiveslareunion Jackie crazy ass had me confused all show... She is weak and phony ass hell!
I will continue to boo Pedro until he's sent down to the minors.
#4FamousWords Boom goes the dynamite.
you're welcome
How I remember why I left...this blog is a terrible distraction from my real work...
If you sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com between now and July 31st you'll be entered to win 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!!!!!
Yes, I have. It's amazing
RT : Our Super Bowl specials can be found right here, amazing deals, don't pass them up.
if only we understood what the hell oue subconscious was trying to tell is!
#Dedication & #Motivation gave'em motive 2 hate me!
Great HR manager opportunity in #cle. Contact me for more information.
Sometimes Blodwyn doesnt rule.... but blodwyn recognizes it.... and blodwyn is coming back in full weet!
Thnx 4 the follow Totango! WE Liked your FB pg. Like us back when u get a moment- WE'll appreciate it.
If Spain scores less than 3 goals on Saturday the man of the match would probably be Joe Hart
No rain bums out Portlander whose identity is tied to being "that guy who shows up to shows wet, because he just rode in the pouring rain."
Charming Charlies at Tivoli Village has got me in love with accessories again :)
enough about that, i'm so ready for tomorrow night at ! who's going out ?!
At this point I really dont care!
Oh shit fighting on my TL :x
Yay! is on the plane gonna come home. (:
liz choose your friend better.it annoys me too
My good friend Tom Cintorino and I are quoted ... it's all about the NEW revenue when it comes to lists!...
I am at a Walmart with a parking garage.
Have questions about Mifflin that did not get answered at the info session? Tweet
"He was close. He was real close."
Snow in 49 states.Wonder if it's just a matter of time before we have snow here. Though the Osprey's are building nests down South.Confused.
Lebron James: where's this little man from the Knicks I've been hearing about, show yourself coward...Hadouken!
Holy Zumba is kicking my ass right now! SMH.
How do you keep a song simple while being complex at the same time?
I can't help that my feelings go deeper for you than yourz for me
Liberator Prentis Sibley says "I don't know why I'm up here, I'm not a hero." He tells of seeing a camp abandoned by Nazis.
get out of bed then!
Take a pic
Reasons why im weird- for the Hunger Games instead of saying Team Peenis I said Team Katpee
Almost all of the essentials ... I forgot tequila! That means another return visit to my favorite store :)
Apr. 21-29 is National Parks Week--free admission in all 397 national parks this week!
You bet. Wouldn't miss it. =)
tofu, coffee and thought bubbles
Wit my Girl ;)
aha that show is from my childhood.. love the #oldies.. what u eatin for dinner?
Thanks for RT! Definitely have to show benefits. Also, I think some coaching and other change agents may be in order.
Thanks for following C:
Finna hit the streets.
Sure. "joke".
Susan, thank you for the RT!!!!
Wonder what kind of showing the #Timbers will put out Sat night. I will probably be thinking about that as I drift off to sleep
So, hello. My names Taylor, i'm also known as Jey's little sister. ;D
hi right back! can't wait to meet nell in person.
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall for that course.
oh hahah. There was pizza sauce on it. Gross.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana evil banana
thank you for following me Anna! Mark
Wow !!! That was an amazing finish, do that for me tomorrow when I'm there please!
is looking for an motivated, driven, Business Development Executive in #Gainesville. Any #UF and #Gator graduates interested? Message me :)
Yes they are!
my statistics teacher described joint probabilities as "not marijuana"
toss me a biscut cuz its all gravy. Ill call when im done workn.
serious post acl blues. can't wait till next year!
wow. i affiliate sold a kindle book that costs $163. keep those coming.
will do! DM me your # and I shall notify you
I wonder how many more times the pres is gonna speak B4 th elections next year?
Almost done with my hair :*
Omg lady, that boy was old enough to go to the boys bathroom by himself
who throws a cat?
I mean zee :/
still thinking about it... would you consider driving down?
yeah gonna need ID
I wish I could read people's minds.
Hey RTR, how much $$$ is the Pepsi's going to be? Also are we going to re-dig the track midway through the show too?
April = Child Abuse Prevention Month #FF those leading the way . . . . .
wooooop I'm excited!
Who is french montana and what is his purpose ?
Workshop was actually pretty good
hey Josh! Any clue on the iPhone 5?
; for the worst day ever, today's been pretty good. <3
Please send ur email to who is volunteer coord
HERES TO ALL We ignore each other and try to pretend the other person doesnt exist, but deep down we know it wasnt supposed to end like this
ITS GAME TIME.... TIME TO TAKE THEM MAVRICKS OUT THIS BITCH....SPURS TIME....FUCK ALL YOU HATIN ASS HOES...
Anybody who saying about me and is negative I hope that bitch catch AIDS IN THE MOUTH
oh you know i missed you. and - wassup elijah?!
Did Denny "short pitted" on the last stop?
Started using lancome's visionnaire & I am seeing results after 3 weeks! LOVE IT!
aren't they all colored? Lol
lol smart ass look who's talkin! U just as bad as me
Burning the Midnight Oil
Suspend That Guy Now RT:RobbVogel: Quote of the day in the sports office "I knew Shaun Marcum was going to have a big year"
The Chances of Winning from Survey's on Receipts are Highly Unlikely.
Join the movement: iwillmovement.blogspot.com be the change you want to see in the world
I cant wait til I have an annaversary so I can sing toni toni tone
Just my eyebrows done now getn taped up
I dont want to leave her but in order for us to move forward i have to correct my past.
I need to start taking my own advice.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength. - St. Francis De Sales
Of course it's wrong to go to college to avoid responsibility, but that shouldn't stop you from doing it.
Sprout Application submitted!
ima do me.
Not to mention how many families call nuggets and fries a meal for their kids several nights a week
uh oh.. Now what do you do..will they try to redeliver
my team name ideas, tebow's youth group, burrested development,fighting lawn ornaments,kibbles and vicks, mike brown who?
Pregaming to Nicki Minaj. "Come fill my glass up a little more."
My first burfday present is from my good friend He's playing all my favorite house tracks on his show Jac of All Trades.
"There are 2 types of basketball players in this world, ones that embrace the fear of them, & ones that want to be loved."
- If Told Me Happy Birthday That Would Be Dope ! :)
hahahaha!!!! It could be worse.....you could be watching the bucks right now!
Legitimately mega-talented. I am pre-emptively backlashing any backlash. She's the kind of artist we need.
they play basically same position. And hickson hadnt really earned a start till last nights breakout.
i needa start hittin them waits son on the real
When u open ur heart to ur special someone it's hard to close it back up before u feel the pain of heartache
heading to an assembly plant
Bitch, you should take off all your makeup and see if them boys still think you're hot. I've seen you without it, you ain't foolin' me.
its just time to move to the detachable shower head its pretty much the greatest thing ever!!
Easter, I'm still getting over the weight from Christmas...can you stop having such good food?!
I run with my phone and as I was rounding the corner to my house I got my start-time email for next weekend!
What kind of crowd do you expect when the best we can do is chant, "We're Number Ninety-Seven!"
not really having the best morning.
no care
The Mighty Mac is one of our favorites!
I've been listening to for words new album nonstop since it came out. Awesome job guys!
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
Alcohol is legal, but weed isn't, which one kills more ppl. It's all about the tax, what can Uncle Sam get out of it.
that's why they pay me the big bucks :)
I just realized I have lived in my current house longer than any other place. Time to let someone else live here.
Because technology is flying, get your business humming with
"You see, I am a poet, and not quite right in the head, Darling. It's only that." ~ Edna St. Vincent Millay
"Gratefulness opens the vault to Blessing. Complaining shuts it."
how u say u got ny back or you right behind me a 100% but deep down inside you fake is hell
Long Day tomorrow... Goodnight
so u have a new bf name happy now? I can't keep up “: seeing your boyfriend walk through the door after a week of not seei #Happy”
oh nice! Weve toured to NC before, last summer! Hopefully we can again soon :)
You're nominated for a Teen Choice Award. Get your ass on here and celebrate!
WOW, thank you for the super mention! You are awesome!
Come on and drop it to the floor...(8)
I do ...good stuff
TY for sending out a msg abt our contest!
MT : "The country would be better off if more Americans got education you've received "
*raises eyebrow* how's that.
Please just get out of my head, its like they have a radar or something.
lmao what you mean?
pesto chicken, and chicken and herb m flat bread brick oven baked
cops were at my school today because a nudity picture was going around.
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Already lost my voice fuck yes
were her for about 10 more minutes, all we've got left is the vegan taco and the soup
The only thing that's hurts about this loss,Is because mistakes caused it.
Swindle was a huge hit with our 4th grade book club!
Buy your Mom a Beautiful Neckalace!
I'm a Pandora girl!
I want to get to know you :). How could I... you never replied to me except once, but that one time was very appreciated.
Off to for breakfast!!!! LIFE IS GOOD!
Living the dream.
The fact that one side of your face is more elevated than the other <<<<<
How's your neck and back? : (
twitta thats when u grab somebody by they titty nipple
Sun's out! Walkmen on park stage playin a rollickin Rat. Park bar's out of lager. Proud I've done my bit.
“: Loved the IPA at Mariano's today. Just wish they had it in stock. I would have cleaned out the store” Nxt week
RT if you had an amazing time at this past Saturday for
which is why the doc mistook it for an Iowa cornfield
Hey there! Any of my old cronies around?
VNDMG Feb 13th at the Breathe/Milk Bar in San Francisco, CA!
be a good girl at dinner young lady!
RT! ": Aah, naked swimmers running through the halls :]"
That makes me want to pound my head on a desk and cry.
Happy birthday to #Brewers IF Craig Counsell!
Don't you just hate it when you have a bad bun day?
Nope...in a concourse many states away.
No matter what someone ends up pissed off at me
Hey had 2 go back & read yr timeline 2 find out all that's been going on with U. Will B your fan wherever U are. Family first!
yes they do. Have you ever been to the wieners circle?
'RN - Hello Ivonne - very nice to meet you ~ DJ
What i say when someone says they had moes "OMG! I love moes! It's like god became mexican and blessed us with that food"obvi its true right
Rare that the Sox have a nice quiet win like tonight's. No blowing out the other team, just getting the job done in offense/defense/pitching
Register today-Lofty Dog Halloween Fashound Show-Proceeds benefit local area rescues. Need a costume? We got em! www.austinbarkitecture.com
u know u like her.. dont deny it xD
I'm single because I'm too pretty to be dealing with your sorry behind!!!
#3words www.DealLookup.com saves money!
whut it do?!?
New year new taco We've got a yellow squash and jalapeño black bean vegan taco with toasted pumpkin seeds. Come try one at union station!!!
m okay then.
Oh, yeah! I though it was sunday. Shit, i still have one more day of work. Silly me. Well its 6:30 on a saturday.
Hope you had a fabulous Easter! :) J
I like that!
If PERRY is done as some are saying here...then who do conservatives support?
ALBUQUERQUE!! National Weather Service issued a Winter Storm Warning. Please be safe & Call Paul 24/7 @ 884-5583 - Water Flood or Roof Leaks
Everyone go follow my bro and my sis
that is a very constructive thought!
Mean Lars is mean.
RIP Jim Marshall. We'll crank the Park and Super Lead up in your honor.
The Repubs have managed to take over of the House with adding more districts with more Republican voters
I hope this isn't Fonzie jumping the shark. Once Who Wants 2 b millionaire brought back contestants, they lost me.
Dalet Unveils Dalet Galaxy, the Next Step in MAM Technology
is this April's fools?
HOW DOES THIS PIC THING WORK *____*
you can get them for like $5 then!
But let me guess. You're probably against Planned Parenthood, too.
Got it! Thanks so much!
Because sadly they validate themselves by what these athletes do - many sports fans are sad sacks.
gud night i need sum sleep
Sorry for party rockin!!....;)
I want to see incubus but besides that I'm kinda meh ... but for 25 bucks I'm willing to go.
Friday is Tri-Star Motors Day!
Are you opening an actual restaurant?
I can not wait for this new season of #DogTheBountyHunter to start....this show is my guilty pleasure.plus beth is kinda my role model. :D
Okay, I'm SUPER confused.. How is Shawntal already in love with Ben when she hasn't met him yet!? Someone please enlighten me.
R drummer Derek is going 2 B participating in the Drum Fight, December 13th @ The Crazy Donkey...doors R at 5...come dn
haha i could imagine ^.^
Just watched Chronicle...badass movie. Go watch.
Sorry, Can't understand your language.
I live in Fishers by I-69 so I'm going to get up to see you guys on a Tuesday
It greatly concerns me that he hasn't used his litter box yet......
Igor Stravinsky's Rite of Spring (1913) was the real arrival of "modern music."
A psycho on meds is still a psycho
No. I'm in NY lol was asking if I'm in LA.
I love me some Prince Harry ;) how you DOIN??
yeah! go have a fun run.
Am I the only person who could spend a half hour amusing myself with bubble wrap?
You're everything I never knew I needed & all I want for the rest of my life! I wear your last name with love & pride!
Cheeseheads are most entertaining during football season.
yes pretty much haha
Alex Jones and Trayvon Martin on now - Zenlive.tv
I love me some Family Guy & Sponge Bob though
uh oh I seen that before 😳😳😳 like a whole different person
I know he loves me cause it's obvious <3
I would jump off a bridge for them. I WOULD KILL MY PARENTS FOR THEM, owait.. then i wouldn't have money.
what up twitter if im following u can u follow me im trying to get over 1000 followers come on follow me wwe super stars too come on follow
Sorry I missed ur Usteram . Its Angelina i have two accounts . and i share this one with Amelia
omg I have to go cuz I have to meet you<3333
Revving up for vs. Nats weekend with , , and ! #GoOs!
where u live!
Work out Check in: Who got their workout on today?
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: reliance on small # of large partners; need to watch what's happening on startup front etc
hello, this is Elder Irvin Scott from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Would love to connect to Urban Initiative.
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
Yeah i guess it's alright! Lmfao so have you seen him live before?(:
The Attendance office lady knows my name. :) #ImAlwaysLate #ShesSoSweetThough :)
(1) Wanted to give it time and see if maybe I changed my mind, (2) Yes. Meh. (3) Enumerators always seem a little OCD to me.
now I'm really curious - what was the item?
Such a great group! RT : So proud of my students--five DSA awards AND Freshman of the Year!
Thanks Will! #greatclient RT Breakfast cupcake at One more reason I like these people. yfrog.com/kjbcxhj
According to AdWeek, #Facebook fans are 78% more likely to purchase than non-fans. RT
I must be the only person on earth that hates spring. Because it means summer is around the corner.
We on
- Somewhere a chicken is dying.
PN allergic DD found a trail mix wrapper on the playground. Litterbugs are a double threat.
lol, Rock on!
Sounds like fun! :) Enjoy!
“: There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, & what they cannot. -Plato” holy applicable.
RT : Help #ABQ Homeless! donated clothing, shoes & couches that will be on sale 's store today!
it would make my life if you followed me
Thanks for the #FF I know you guys have particularly big and juicy hearts!
Check it out pronto pronto...
Risk and privacy have at least two things in common: foundational concepts in the new infosec model and not very well understood.
Joint Venture Silicon Valley State of the Valley Conference, more than 1,000 attendees in the room and one elephant: Prop 13
Let me know what you all think and we can plan something.
#LessAmbitiousNovels The Grapes of Monotony.
##Buy Cheap Cutters Rookie Receiver 2.0 Gloves | Football ...
Eating dinner on Bourbon Street. Some things in Nawlins never change. I will let you figure out what I am talking about :) #New Orleans
Her mom sat and read with her for over an hour. (I sadly don't do storytime anymore, I manage and my YS librarian does)
HEY ALEX!;)
Hetty toddy softball!!!!!! #rebels!
poor baby
around what time should we look for
Woody Hayes just appeared to me to say he thinks this Buckeye offense is too neolithic.
I'm sure you do!
is a very abusive brother #notcool 👊😢👎
loool....love you with no reason LoooL
OMG like so much! Huzzah for shirtless juggling. Blonde is AWESOME!
Your good morning texts to wake up too are greatt, but waking up to your face would be even betterr, <3
drag... tried to add my business to your listings but it said I was outside your boundaries
Omw to Chicago back home I I will miss your show tonight..
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely.
Ghost was tall, dark figure in corner. Bootsie (cat) was surprisingly awake too! Egyptian mythology about warding off those from underworld
It really cracks me up when I hear women saying they want a "nice" guy, but then they go out with the first ass hole they meet.
Who wants to meet me in Detroit and pick up some trash? It's Earth Day, and if we can do it in Detroit the rest of the World can do it!
thank you for your composed tweet :p we shall work on videos in due time my friend... SUMMER 2011!!!
wow!! That is so long ago! I actually remember that though. Lol
nah saints just lost it, next year it's the cards big homie, btw you shoulda been pro bowler for sure
Nate's drumsticks smell like asshole...wait OMG.
2Pac "Dear Mama" just gets me every time. Dear Mama I hope you know you're appreciated! Everyday should be Mother's Day
Thanks for having me this was fun! Nice meeting you all. Goodnight :)
I hope the Lakers win. Beating them will be so much more satisfying!
You seem to have a very myopic view of the issue. Not meant pejoratively.
was arrested. All is fine now, nobody got hurt. But it was powerful!
Just realized today is Fat Tuesday. I guess I'll pour myself a hurricane while I catch up on emails.
Ready for the draft!
Los Angeles :)
Im so lost with you.
Conservatives take into account the whole man while Liberals tend to look only at the material side of man's nature - B Goldwater
As I scra\tch my heads trying to figure out what scra/tching is?
I thought i lost my AP book today
Dear Zeus, please give these fake bitches, a lightning bolt in the ass.
Orchid show with
Cough!!! cough!! ugh!!!! =>__<= my throats is burning like crazy :'p cough!!
are you ready for your party on Sunday ? :)
Hi. I need a follow back from you. So i can RT etc. your links. Thanks.
Buying goodbye gifts for 4 people that's it, the rest of dem people can kiss my cats ass.
Thank you, Escape2Create in Seaside, FL, for your support of the arts. Hope to write with you all again soon.
Been on my studio grind this whole weekend!
COME BUY A JAM SHIRT!
Occupy San Diego seems mildly interesting at best. I am undecided re: my 2012 representative. Is there even an Occupy Honolulu?
me and Sarah have the same eyes lol and his are like hazel
Can some scientist create a Bubba Oosthuizen so I don't have to deal with this kind of thing again?
RT I would love to see the Monopoly guy fight the Pringles Guy. Who do you think would win?
Cup of tea like a sir.(;
Stephen A. Smith>>>
Woot! is the man.
in bed? naahhh
I've got 6 of the rhythm charts done for Friday. 4 to go. Sidetrack as I was hired to do 4 choir arrangements for a church for Easter.
We have lives.
Currently reading Designing the Obvious: A Common Sense Approach to Web & Mobile Application - We're working on a mobile version of our site
The NFL should make the uprights 10 feet higher. Too many kicks nowadays go too high and make it hard to judge if it is good or not.
Kaykay back to annotating. Half way doneskii 😏👍
": #OneThingIDontLike is being used. If you want me, it should be always, not only when you need something."
If Tucson competed for a Superbowl venue, what changes would we need to make to do this? Take the survey!
Grinding bro knocking out ya gift! The Next Up Mixtape!
At least it's outside your window and not inside your window! :)
29th Annual National Retired Military Golf Classic set for Myrtle Beach, SC: "This is the largest and best military golf tournament i...
My Christmas is spend time on the F'n road Back home to Memphis!? Woo hoo... Not...
Finalizing the interview with Should be available for download by the end of the day!
was absolutely phenomenal narrating Goliath by Thank you for a lovely experience. Read more YA books, please!
im following lol
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
Hey Marquette... Who's studying tonight? You're almost done!
Last film I saw: Drive. Amount of films I've wanted to see since then: 2,000. Man, I need to find the time to sit in a damn theater
LOL i feel you but once I know I will DM you and you will know. You my #Bestie, I wont have ANY secrets from you
naw I only listen to u must think this is Facebook Shawty!”)
RT : "Entrepreneurs can do today what only governments and big corporations could do a few decades ago." -
RE: #GhettoWaysToDie Trampled to death while "Occupying WalMart."
Lightning talk: Marilyn, Preservation Maryland. Advocacy, outreach, funding. Grant program for preservation-related projects
We had such a great time! Thanks to everyone who came to our booth!
Another ridiculously beautiful day in Albuquerque! I feel so bad for my friends in NYC!!
a bout it girl we live in
Boston chapter ASLA (BSLA) is thinking about having a LARE workshop in October. Anyone interested?
Working from home in #queens #newyork and I just felt an #earthquake. Who knows where the closest fault line is?
Im not focused...
Car shopping
mission impossible(;
My mom is yelling at the tv lmfao *priceless*
So many incredible applicants!!! Can't wait for interviews :)
iknooooo blah at least its the last week if school lol
Tonight is gonna be awesome. I got these heart-print pajamas I'm going to be eating Indian leftovers in.
I love that movie.
Watching on SNL. I know I"m late but I'm so excited!
Crap! Thats not god!
Outta here ;/ its just irkin and a bunch of weirdos in gym
Perfection? ha! Your fucking dumb!
I've decided to make a cake with baxter.
“: Gym time. what are we lifting today?” squats till you both puke duh, dont be a pussy Marino.
Getting a kick out of They tweet real ad copy from the 1900s!
ur welcome! keep up the fun tweets! they definitely help entertain me on the bus :)
Right is RIGHT.. even if only a few people are doing it.
Just finished weekly supervisor meeting. Lots of new tasks!
gurl.. U rock,luved the show!! If she's coming to ur city check it out- definitely worth it!!
just seeing your name light up on my phone makes me smile more than anything..<3
AWESOME RT : London calling. #Chipotle opened it's first restaurant in London today at 114-116 Charing Cross Road.
If he loved you like he says, wouldn't he be the one texting you right now telling you your beautiful instead of me?
Ha! Love the beer/kettlebells comparsion!! Happy St. Patty's Day!!
Miller now taking it too Blake
Happy Mother's day out there. To all mothers...whether your kids have two legs or four...it's your day.
Del Frisco's Restaurant Group LLC Tuesday filed registration papers for an IPO of shares 3 years after pulling the plug on a previous IPO.
Based on my social and financial experience I find my self in a qaundry politically
taking in toyhauler for some repairs, before big trip in july for SANDFEST!!!
Most dance studios are enjoying a spring "break" this week. What are you doing for your business this week that tends to be forgotten...
also your going to connecticut on march 9th right?
Two glasses of wine and singing in a fine nasal twang, Please Daddy Don't Get Drunk This Christmas. We could be in for a long day tomorrow.
haha apparently they're doing it wrong!
Ready to see today!:)
It takes nothing to start a company.. so put ideas out there and see if they get traction
Ain't it wonderful to be where I've always wanted to be.
I'm at home with Sally.
The Lou did it! #loveeternal baby as always! A great night no matter what but the win icing on the cake! Love u!
Showed my age, and was tragically bummed, when meeting w/ 'kids' who had never seen the move 'brazil';
man....i havent been tweeting in a long time...
Good, how are you! Where are you working?!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #21: Wee MAC Scottish Brown Ale
follow and dm me i stay n atl im 14
Taking a picture of the moon is actually really hard... So I'll let you all do it.
Here we go!! Digital Dolls in the building!! Lets get Hyphy!! 🙌 Sheeeeeeeeow!! Hehe
Off to a good day. No mr lloyd
So pumped for wango tango back stage
Where are you in Twitterspace?
Glad to see a City supporters club in DC! Will be in town for the Manchester Darby, any tips on where to watch w supporters?
Sadly, indeed. It's a generational thing. We've got to wait it out.
The course sounds great, thanks for sending!
that shit gone b crazy...who u think gon eat the most?
3 to tie it. now in overtime
It's time... #midnightbreakfast is tonight at Palladium & Weinstein 11pm-1230 am. See you there!
If you don't know why Honey Bee is trending, catch up hereplease retweet
This year will exhibit for the 1st time. “We’ll be able to cut deals on the spot,” says VP Jonathan Benjamin
I think used to be 11:11 Theater(?). They might be able to help with context for the history. Hmm..
So glad to have back & her infectious and impossible to mimic laugh coming down the hall! cc:
Didn't sleep. Today shall be grand!
i'm just ME that's it.!
Is it art, or just really cool design? What makes it art?
thanks ;) u know u are
I woke up about an hour ago and I'm thinking about going back to bed! Lol
Daddy: "Well, you know its cinco de mayo, so i was gonna make mexican food and margaritas" Mommy: "I'm on a diet.!" lol
When is Android 2.2 coming OTA to the Incredible?
Sending a copy of your way today, Sophia! xo
and for anyone who thinks this is a hitting coach fix is a shmuck
SPIStudyAbroad thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thank you Patrice!
I don't care! I don't care anymowoah! (in my Phil Collins voice)
I love this quote! "The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings." Dave Weinbaum Here's to new beginnings!!
Steak n shake in Richmond.
What are some ways you save money when you're working promotions?
Doing what I do best. Well, within the top 5 at least.
I sold it and it was a Shitty black 8 gb 3G
4 myself you got a man
That's why I've always kept mine small. Tho, I will warn you, toothpicks have been known to put eyes out.
did u see that sign woman was holding at OWS? thats what the reference is too, I couldnt find the link, anyway, do well be good
:) RT : I love that quote. I'm pasting it in my notes for this week's statistics lecture right now
Pretty much...
Thanks for your gracious plug! The #Internetismagic; and you, kind Sir, are a tech-savvy sorcerer of all sorts. SAN FRAN or bust!
Happy Birthday to my boy you crazy bastard
I think I need more help understanding twitter.
3 days left of school!!! :D
where ya goin?
Release date posted shortly for "Live from Sun Studio". It's an iTunes exclusive.
30th on 30th is TONIGHT! On the front patio : $3 pork belly tacos and $2 30th Street Pale Ales. Starts at 6pm. DJs at 8pm.
It's Monday, it's raining. We're all allowed to be snarky.
I can only hope for such a glorious ending.
Do you think the Timeline is similar to a resume? How else can it be used in the job...
Thanks, doll. I can't wait until game time! #GoPackGo!
THEY ADDED A LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY DATE!!!!!!!
4th of July weekend special: Mention our ad in the Arcadia News and get 10 percent off your purchase!
much love!
RT : Beautiful calico cat~Sunday Jasmine, is entered, too! You should come to #ChocoTweetup! Benefits
Oh snap... Were bad assh (:
Btw, Lawrence is nuts. People lining outside bars at 6am to get prime seats for the semi-final game.
wine?? Lol and of course give her your love ;)
Couldn't let me have my moment eh Bean? Had to go and one up me? And on mother's day? You're lucky I <3 ya >;-)
Booze Broads & Hot Rods #14 ***PRE-PARTY*** Friday, April 13 w/ Wayne Hancock be there!
I DO WHAT I WANT!!
Watching Heat basketball.
LOLOLOL :P RT : He blocked me again, How many times are we gonna play this game Kalin White.
Can you help me with the adoption post? never heard of anti-adoption people (I'm an adult adoptee, and I adopted my daughter)
RT : off you've not tried the mozzarella caprise you should
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
i gave up on you. not because i don't care but because you don't.
Lol why do i feel like im gunna get into trouble over one of my health journals i just wrote where i wrote down my problems with our school
I'm using a storage POD right now to help move
9 minutes left in the second half -- Bombers up 94-73 over 's B-team.
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
I sent my son to this camp, each camper receives very good football instruction. The camp is a very good experience. Richie Anderson, NY Jet
You're single because you fall for people on the covers of the magazines.
The winners were announces yesterday, scroll down in our twitter feed for names & pictures.
Let's go Lakers let's go!
Good sunday err what? ^___^
im upset but ICONic Boyz did make history and will always be my favorite congrats to IaME they were really good but im really sad :(
I did hear it. He played it for me himself... Feel free to be jealous :)
Whats worse, no one actually feels secure. If you getting attacked it takes dude at least 10 minutes to get out of his seat
ill mean alot if you follow mee i love youu
I don't EVEN wanna know! Lol smh
HBOMBBBBBBBBBBB #1 all start!!! U need to show nada how to party!
Never underestimate the power of Monkey Hands!
onside? WTF are u smoking? Need a Rogers int this drive!!!!!!!!
Come experience our garden space, great cuisine, and fabulous wine located in the meat packing district.
she loves me
Is this a real page
Obama's student loan push helps him court crucial young voters - ABC News
Before you question how ESPN managed to hire an Internet scammer, remember this is the company that willing employs Skip Bayless.
so glad to see john simpson is riding his bike again!
Those are 3 of life's staples, guess it was inevitable :)
Colombia sex scandal. Military: 11 involved in Colombia scandal; 6 Army, 2 Marines, 2 Navy and 1 Air Force.
thanks david!
Gosh darn I feel great after a good workout....Minor league tryouts here I come
if it were LSU/ALA..it would be game of century
im so jealous ! , i wish i would of known u were in WV :/ hope it turned out great!
Ferry Building farmers market!
Feels good to get back into a routine.
wow. I thought I'd like the extra time to plan and grade. Did that happen?
Yes! Puppy babys are the sett!!!:)
lmao ! and go eat at fancy restaurants (;
Nah. M&Ms are a great stay-on-task tool. Dole them out slowly as rewards. (Without peanuts works best.)
great presentation today!
