Just as everyone predicted, 34 games into the 2012 season, the Pittsburgh Pirates have a better record than the Boston Red Sox.
Suffering from syndrome: complete inability to motivate myself to write a paper.... the simplest of papers at that
On my way to a Mexican Bar'mitzvah, dressed as Zoro! Undel'A
You're damn right!
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and i like ur name by the way (:
Cleaning and packing up old unused stuff. Sad to let this old stuff go, even if I hadn't seen it in 10 years
government test tuesday, psych test next thursday, then as a senior I'M FREE
wow!! Like your new Avator. Up feeding new stray kitten, checked twitter! There you are! Hope all is good with u and yours!! :)
im panting HOLY CHEEZNIPS
For sure! Looking forward to it!
God speaks, comforts, and affirms when a believing best friend calls. Thankful for this morning.
THAT'S HOW I WANT IT!
Bo Ryan basketball
Someone text me! (:
Today.I notice love everywhere I go. I give extra love to my inner child. I love myself first and everything else falls into place,
I love clingmans. It makes me feel like I'm at home.😌
That's awesome! We need more Christians who will be nice to people. Imagine that.
haha is that relly true cause if it is thats hilarious follow? reply?
This is extreeeemly late, but yes, I changed my handle. Less confusing, ey? Miss you, mucho.
Low point in local news: Fungus Wednesday on Chicago NBC station with pictures of, yes, mushrooms. Why oh Lord is this on my television?
So many things running through my mind can't really sleep smh
Our rentals are updated! Check them out on our profile or our site...www.txcv.com! Come check out America's 3rd coast!
I'm awake oh man. I got butterfly's from been so excited! Such a gorgeous sunny blue sky morning :)
you coach High school soccer right?
there is a chance that both won't be busts man.
ah! gottcha ! so you were referring to yourself ;) Who's the lady ! You can DM me if you don't wanna go public ! I am V discreet
He who controls the news media, rules the world.
Something big is about to happen tomm, catch me at MIA with !!
DON'T be tweeting your texts!! Fuck, shit, fuck!!
hanging out with Jenna and Lindsey.... Just determined ur in trouble if I am not at home opener with u!
85 & sunny in New Orleans! Relaxing in City Park & keeping up with WI election day! Vote and !!
The piano is safely moved to the other room, tuner comes Tuesday...ah.
oops! I can on Monday. No Photoshop at home. I just thought that was fancy cocktail dresslayering.
trust me they are hard..
Pay day!
Nurturing a secret idea. Starting to feel like I have a direction again. It's nice.
Thanks! It's a free-for-all on some parts of Ashland near Cortland.
Ciao, ciao! Hope all is well in DC. Cheer on the Caps for me tomorrow if you can!
OMG... Weck's? Why have I not been eating your food everyday? This stuff is amazing!!!
chicks together will stick it to ya feather
AW RT : thanks!!! You're always beautiful (: and imym!
haha ok sounds good!! Whatever works for you girl :)
YOU'RE SO PERFECT AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR NEW SONG OMFG ASDFGHJKL. Good job Austin (: <3333
What is everyone doing for #SXSW?
its like you robbed the junk aisle at your local filipino store lolz
hi. How are you today?
Today's sermon: God's Love is: Uninfluenced, Unending, Unlimited, Unchanging, Unmerited. My fav: Unmerited.
#TWSS. And, too late.
That was really funny! And, completely true. I'm pretty sure she went to my house, saw all of that happening, & made a video.
Nothing like a little Rock Lobster to jam to at 230 am to help get ya thru Los Angeles.
Exactly! I was just thinking I'd hate to be recruiting and managing employee engagement/retention
After disconnecting myself from the social media world this past weekend..I am officially now back in the game. Happy Monday, tweeps.
There's no record of Einstein having ever said it, despite the attributions. (See my version of Zappa's First Law!)
Pickled sausage and skoal rich blend? You sir have bad taste
good luck to all the writers on the verge submitters!
Did you get a haircut? In the chasing the sun behind the scenes and on top of the empire state building it looks different.
Rum, rhum, arrack, cachaça.... What's your favorite sugarcane by-product?
I'm making my first video on my own, so want to just submit it privately but that would be "wrong" at least wrong to me
Me to. And I agree the music is way to mellow. I can't wait. Haven't been able to concentrate all day waiting.
They are only my Brewers when they win! I am a fickle fan!! :-)
If u havent heard say something yet, pls do. Bcos u'll be missing out bitches.
Awkward moment when my grandma sings along to 1D..
You, Nebraska, And I.
What do they call trapeze artists who swing from the long fabric like in crique du soleil?
p.s. you can reward yourself w/rocks later.
Night everyone. Congrats to all the #HEAT fans, I'm sure most all of you are #bangwagon's anyway.
It's just one of those weeks :)
Thanks! Glad to have you on board!
either of you willing to speak with a public history student for 20 mins next week abt your work?
what up dude
Morning exams are the worst x.x think I did well though...
what the hell tumblr adds...well this is new
omg right...how funny
Early morning, April 4, shot rings out in the Memphis sky. Free at last, they took your life; they could not take your pride.
Is "Right wing nut job" name calling to be barred from the show? Please discuss
Nicely done.
I think metta world peace just collided w/ diane keaton or a lookalike game
Thanks for following.
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all! T&C's apply.
sorry to miss your tweet this morning. Hope the event raised lots of $ for breast cancer research. It's #ABeautifulDay forYoga
Heading to my 3rd bootcamp of the week with ! Let's do it.
done ran out ppl too trust
I know my big bro is happy the Broncos got Manning. Lets see what happens
Odds makers have money on locust delay next.
Who is ur favorite artist performing on d Show? Freddie Mcgregor-Marcia Griffiths-Yellowman-Leroy Sibbles-Lil John-Charlie Chaplin-Prof Nuts
aw hell to the nawww! smh
Don't miss the EAC Lecture Series TODAY, October 1st, 3:15 p.m., Wilson 301: "Can a Buddhist Be a Skeptic?"
Dev is such an a-hole.
God is working things out for me, even when I don't feel it. I keep my faith strong & always be grateful.
Catering to the less fortunate has plum tuckered me out.
Don't remember exact details, they were on stage together and most of the time got to respond.
as long as I get to be there for my best friend to keep her strong I'm good on whatever (:
I'm stoked to have one of the best QBs of all-time in Denver! But I also believe in & predict he will win an SB (hopefully here!).
woohoo! Those cocktails look amazing.
some of my favorite writing inspiration comes from my boys observations of the world. I love how he sees things. =D
He is taller than you !!!!
read your post about asynch convo on twitter. think i mostly agree (pref). been experimenting with a specified chat here, but...
Phillip Phillips. What a stupid name. Come on
Sometimes it has to be done “: Yeah I am the douchebag blasting DMB behind you in traffic!”
Drinking too much
still using homegrown ERM
My Tweetcaster widget just disappeared.... What's that about -__-
yea. Well this isnt facebook...
Give children a voice. If you do you will give them a world of options
Want us to just add "13th Annual PABUG Conference" in our Conference and Events category?
thinkin bout Friday!! :)
THX to all business today, 5% of all our Wed sales go to Project Transitions! Next Wed, the last in March for them. Gather stuff now!
Happy New Year 2012! May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
People in the house... can't watch Smash... hate it!
Taco truck, Burgerville or mikes drive in?
Perm Positions Available - Cisco, VMware, and EMC - Are you looking or interested in hearing more detail? We need to talk! 704.342.7982 o…
The Never Ending Eye...
love the quote RT Does experience help? No! Not if we are doing the wrong things. - W.E. Deming
Tell that to my wet and cold feet! :)
you spelled cold wrong g
i gotta ask...does your hatred of the #Spurs stem cuz Duncan didn't give you an autograph back in the day???
[something witty, definitely w/ some wordplay]
Ah I have to miss 4/20! First time in atleast 6 years... Fuck me!
Fighting Temptations >>>>
Can not express how thankful I am for everyone that helped w/ Gala! The MOST AMAZING VOLUNTEERS EVER! THANK YOU!!!!!!
Tired of your broken down business phone system? Upgrade today for FREE , visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 873-0447
1900 Photo of 612 N. Broadway Yonkers, NY. Spectacular Victorian craftsmanship. Even a matching horse stable. www.VictorianSource.com
Something About Javon Daddy
aw :') I'll bring you some next time honey bun.
any chance you'll have Trump on the podcast?
I'm kind of excited for first block.. Too bad got kicked out for good.
My rangers timeline is all proud of their 7 run lead over a 16-19 team. Royals did that with an 8 run cushion. PREPARE FOR A 2 GAME SWEEP
Goals in writing are dreams with deadlines.
good....use extra amount so itll go away quicker..i need to see you tomorrow!
I use to sleep in until like 12. Yep, those days are over.
do u graduate this year!?
Preparing for battle against square brackets in archival description.
So, What is the True Purpose of TIME? "It's so that everything does not have to happen all at once" - Dr. Noah H. Kersey, PhD
no instagram for android yet? :(
Follow the "get money" rules. They work pimp!
Have so much enjoyed and learned from the research over these months for my "Oprah/Faulkner" essay
Jazzed to present 'Managing Your Digital Footprint' @ PLU for another great summer program for 11th & 12th graders!
Congrats to Justin Hoffman in Ottawa! the answer / Snuz-it. Ask for Snug-itz, Stop-itz, & Rig-itz @ your local B&T- a Jethro Exclusive!
I just saw that you apparently love lauren lol! I don't know if you looked at your youtube channel yet lol
doors justed opened for tonights finale w/ ! still time to make it down.. show starts @ 7pm RTRTRT
Fact is, in an hour, Haz is going to be half-naked on my TV. Help me. RT “: Oh god u had more!”
Production Coordinating + Pa'ing makes Ne very sleepy...
who's she? Lol
sigh. time for a lil cardio
. Loved your reference to The Hunger Games in the Mashable article. Very clever!
My dog is freaking out because of the crazy wind we are having. She is velcroed to my side, panting + shaking. Can I give her some benadryl?
Everything pisses me off now.
On our way to Illinois to get sale ring for #livestock center!
I need to wash my hair
I completely understand. I suggest contacting them directly and recapping them on the situation so that they can help you.
Why do I keep putting off packing?
Buy Starhawk made by my friend here in Austin over lots of late nights.
Maybe should have Tommy John surgery like me and come back better than ever with a #BionicCannon for an arm
White chocolate custard cake
Welcome! Love how you keep Jillian in line.
Got a drink on my mind and my mind on my money
its essentially the same thing..it just has a fancy name and we had to beat 1 afl team
Run the Refinancing Numbers, Then Run Them Again ... The dotted line isn't that important until you are completely satisfied
God not only gives us a part to do, but He also gives us the power to do it!
Hey, i'm john, i'm Shannon's brother, I think she sent you a picture of me. I'm the one with the blond hair! :) Haha.
Mn State Patrol retires motorcycle unit, spawns widespread newsroom reminiscences of CHiPs episodes.
Looking forward to my week of being a stay at home mom!! Yeah Spring Break!!
Aw Jordan. :') I remember in 2008 when you were so wittle
great news..but you guys might want to get your spellchecker ready first ;)
I hope u feel better soon... summer & spring colds are the worst ugh hate them
You're way awesome yourself!
I love you x
"Choose a belief that serves you so you can change the way situations effect you"
Dr. Rebecca Dillingham of GHESKIO and her Haitian student friend will give talk to us at the event. Yay for raising awareness!
“: #Thankful to have loving parents, a fantastic brother, great friends, and an awesome girlfriend #blessed” -brother +2sisters
This is interesting: the last 5 amendments proposed by the Governor to the "Caboose" budget were rejected on overwhelming bipartisan votes.
I want to go to Disneyland & the zoo this summer.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't cancel plans last minute.
Rain delay. Sansome and Pine today from 12-2pm.
I look at the world out of a king eye!
You should go to fb and change ur status to fkin dumped cuz that shit just happened right now I'll b by ur dormroom later 2 pick up my shit
#SmackDown not again nnnnnnnnoooo stop him
Give me your love... pls
NFL football has begun!
You can only sync with one GMail account, BUT you can save notes via email from any email address to your account.
Whether we vote yes or no,talk is about making the hole bigger. Eur. is in contraction. Need to be a low cost low finance country.
I always had a suspicion...today it was confirmed
I Love Austin Because ___________________. Finish the sentence (:
lol I'll do my best I'm on call tonight so don't know how much I'll get to watch...but watching now :-)
And yet Logfella offered zero help about what to do next, which kinda rubbed us the wrong way if we're being totally honest.
no LCSH heading for bourbon?!
HOLY SHIT YOU DID NOT JUST RELEASE IT! OMG I'm scared to open it...what if it's some joke haha...
I can't stand that
Will Sockington ever forgive you?
All this debate is about is that schools want control of the dollars that by law must go directly to low income families.
Thanks for following us! Please spread the word! We feed a lot of people and we need to be able to spread our message!
Wow, congrats on that venture! :)
why because the other half of the group isn't named "ketchup"? :p
I will be in Con Law during #askrepschrader town hall. I'd like to know what thinks about #ows, jobs plan, and the new FTAs
I heard it was really good.
That's the truth! It's going well! This weekend is supposed to be beautiful, so I can't complain
Gilmore Girls time! It's like I'm on maternity leave again.
So. glad it's friday. its time to crack open a bottle of wine and RELAX!!!
We must meet obligation for affordable housing under redevelopment. AB1585, allows redev. $ to build affordable housing....
Just about a half an hour to go!
Wisconsin State Senator Pam Galloway (R-Wausau) to resign later today citing family health issues. GOP senate control neutralized to 16-16.
sure. We'll run into you tomorrow. Or, email Marc info.
So lets set this world on fire, we can burn brighter.
Gay does not equal pedophilia. Gay partners are not crime victims. S&M deviant, tho not illegal. Beastiality not biological.
It was okay. But Homeroom. Gawd. A movie can't get any worse
Let's go to the pool pool
Back in the day you'd have to load the operating system from diskette! No hard drives!
The skins needed to look after D.Ware and Romo to win..
What you don't see with your eyes, don't witness with your mouth. ~Jewish Proverb
A bet is a bet! A lost is a lost! PAY ME N KEEP IN MOVING!!!!
Senior prom was the shit.
Dear To Do List- Leave me alone. You are getting done
It was blocked!! State wins!!!
the unwritten ones. Or icing.
Strategizing about how to use social media to develop new business.
“Until the reality of equality between man and woman is fully established and attained…” ‘Abdu'l-Bahá #239DaysLive [1/2]
“: "We are more than our objects and artifacts. We are the sum of our stories." - Keith Magee #aam2012"”
kinda embarrassed but I actually want to watch American reunion...
I AM GREEN WITH ENVY.
RT: Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays. #sdsms #
I am coming to #portland this weekend 23rd anniversary...what is a "must see" when visiting?
Celebrating Tortilla Chip Day with Ms. ! TGIF!
Happy New Year's Day!
Can the #panthers win their first #NHL playoff series since 1996? Come watch game 6 vs. #Devils @ 4:30 today!
Walked through the cold thick grass to fill the bird feeders. Wonderful cool windy evening.
I didn't start it cuz I couldn't find a quote...
Lanham just plugged _Haydn and the Performance of Rhetoric_, an amazing collection of chapters on musical rhetoric (comes with DVD!)
How am I gonna get the motivation to write this last paper? So over this semester.
GEORGIA! #SouthernGround artist Levi Lowrey w/ special guest, Travis Meadows THIS Thursday at Red Clay Theatre. Get ur tix now!
Thank you and for their quick help today with our question - looking forward to updating our listings!
Ah im so lonely ya kno why and i hate yo phone
La Belle Perfumes now available in SPANISH with integrated google translate!
I guess there's a difference between giving endless monies to support candidates versus engaging one's customers/users too. So...
Bullock: is this the best that we can do? If not, we need to make a change.
You real talk a hoe. Go away.
The Constellations show at Mad Planet last night? Amazing!
Minivan moms are hot.
You're a good American Joey! Thank you for your contributions.
I, The Breather... HOW U MAKE SUCH GOOD ALBUM?!
I'm about say something I thought I'll never say. I'm done with McDonald's.
Thanks for following
so if that's true (sounds nuts, btw) then they succeeded in dividing people by class. Because most of my friends are p.o.'d
Remember when playing Solitaire on your computer at work was Taboo? Boy, have we come a long way.
Congrads sweetheart, thank you for letting me be apart of this project! Great work! Have it your way!
#OAR Tonight!
Ima be up all night -_-
ooph, I can’t take it any more. Sox game is getting turned off. (but can guys will DM me if a miracle come back starts to happen, right?)
Wow, said he loves me but he goes around asking girls for sex publicly.
annoying ppl piss me off
anyways....regardless....we need turnovers....and points lol....and defense....
Love this
Hooray for Friday! Fishbone's here Sunday night and I have Monday off. Hooray!
last day of smi #eyetracking at the exhibition at #issberlin feel free to visit us
NBC 5 Reporter Charlie Wojciechowski will give us wrap up of Balfour trial week 1 on 890AM WLS! He's been in court each day
Miami great last minute cruise deals aboard Norwegian Sky 3 day Bahamas and Free onboard credit details contact me 877-416-9722 ext 4413
I agree with you Diddy killed it!
Street ball this summer.  Hopefully I can find a team, fucking people round here don't know an amazing sport when they see it. 
As of now, you’re on double secret probation!
All the money in the world can't buy you a home.
I've never done MDMA, but I imagine that the mood I've been in all day is what it's like. I'm on cloud 9!
Will you ever come to Antarctica? <3 ;)
I Miss My Babies Jayla & Jacinda.. :(
#givebackdetroit MT : Have you donated to during our spring fundraiser yet? Join me and become a new member!
I swear to god, if another stupid thing about slutena trends, im done.
please DM for details
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
One game whupdi do
could you please, please, please make my day and follow me or RT me? I've had probably the worst day in the world.. :(
The fact that I say stupid shit <<<<<
i'm sure we can-in the meantime, start writing ur scripts!
Lol but not really.
RT : I can see mysterious paths through the forest from my window. Can't do that on a plane.
ms gene how are you doing?You one of my fav artist.
just waking up right now. Fun plans today, hopefully, running errands. :p
Pretty Boy Swag just came on Pandora haha! havent heard that forever
I'm all in. Shoot me some details.
Yay! I'm at the venue in #Irvington on the east side of #Indy, waiting to hear Ben Asaykwee & others sing the blues.
Im not gob stress if we're not friends
Kobe didnt get the ball RT : So now that Kobe doesnt take the last shot lets see if hes criticized like the MVP. Just curious
you're jamming!
got a free comic book -- not Free Comic Book Day giveaways, but an actual (used) one -- when he bought something today at Half Price Books.
Kewl... New Year's Eve show on #ZDF with Mayte Mateos's #Baccara, David #Hasselhof, Marianne #Rosenberg. Firework from surrounding mountains
Tweet tweet tweet!!!!! Rocked the fashion show fitting & rehearsal! 60's!! When u move me, everything is Groovy!! :D
you have to catch them early!
I love convo!
Crowd rocking out to 'Make a baby'.
This is so tiresome, I'm almost bored with drinking.
heading up there tonight if weather looks favorable?
DixieMaree12 nope Bailey is the best! She's a beast!(:
Sending in my resume and headshots to an extras agency soon. Yayyyy! :]
Wow what a cute name. :)
you get a new ride??
Two words: urethra franklin
um excuse me where has my Amy been?
lmfao you but >.< hahaha who did you go with?
its too gross outside to look pretty today
“If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.” ~Marilyn Monroe
knew you guys would've killed it tonight. <3
Yep but visiting family in Virginia 2nite. Wish I was closer to Wheeling. Sure would Love to catch up next time u r in Nashvegas
Ok, Pelosi's minute was over 10 minutes ago! Vote, Congresspeople Talkypantses!
blahh dnt ssay that.. but then again im still a lil confused with twitter lmao!
absolutely my pleasure, appreciate you. Which wine did you select?
oh wow, is it pretty there.
What an exciting month! Wonder what #anc celebrations are planned for March? Stay tuned...
- There seems to be a hair explosion in Krasnodar!
LOL. Had to listen to a guy at a conf last year about how FB and Twitter were useless & Google Buzz was the next big thing.
Just got home from volleyball practice...had so much fun...watch Aliamanu...WAIALUA IS COMING FOR YOU...
The Black Keys concert was awesome. Great night.
Hey there. How are ya?
Everyone better be our afterparty ! Tweet back at us if you wanna hear a specific cover, what shall we play?
Tomorrow is Van Williamson's last day as director of - looking forward to his music choices - we will miss him! cc
no, I also do not care about Harry Potter
Alright fine, anyways I'm gonna get some sleep. Talk tomorrow/later or whenever. Goodnight <3<3<3<3<3
oh dear... What am I up against tonight?!
tweet back asshole
Watching "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" with Reagan.
You called? Why?
I think you deserve a drink, any plans of visiting austin, tx?
Shows are done, everyone's safe. Time to ride with tomorrow and head to ATL for a show on saturday.
I went to last nights game & have 6 tix to games this month. U should allow kids to move to lower levels if seats are empty.
So we take that as a complement, right?
hey guess wat
Dear stomach, I don't have time for this hurting nonsense today. Quit it. -- me
lol u are older and u gotta ride bitch like a little kid lmao
it's so annoying .
My pleasure - you reminded us of some smart, core basics to keep us going. Thanks!
Efforts are being made by a certain Latin hottie. We'll see.
30 min till #RAW :-)
what are you reading??
I love how everything on my news feed is about worlds!(:
It's sad when ignorance becomes law. Shame on you North Carolina.
lol u stupid
ha! That's a good question Tina! Let me know of u find the answer
#stillgrindin whats good with ya project?
Oops, I mean "mutlimedia shitstorm," of which I am guilty of as well.
chicago manual of style. let me count the ways.
Yeah, me! RT What's the over/under in this Clippers game? Someone must be annoyed.
Damn these ladies are fine out here haha
Red Fire Farm Organic Eggs Suspiro Limeno con La Nutella a perfect Peruvian Italian bit of indulgence!
Hello to our sleep-deprived ! We miss you! Just wanted to drop in and say hello, and that we hope all is wonderful for your fam!
Follow follow follow follow
love u Queen!
GOOD #FB FRIDAY ALL
Are Supreme Court Justices coming tonite or are they too ashamed of Citizens United ruling to show up?
There were some good movies in the 80s though, cross generational good.
Refs letting them play early
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
Home from my Job making changes so I don't have go back to a job
Getting another hair cut. My hair grows fast.
Lol But if u do find it its on tommorow again
call from the regular number two minutes later -.- seriously?
Wish I was going to Miranda tonight.. Oh well
that awkward moment when when some-one tells a joke and it's not funny so everyone's just looking at each other awkwardly...
I'm the person who gave a damn about you when no one else did. Remember you said you would always be there for me? Well, you sucked at that.
Stop in for Happy Hour tonight after work---going on now!!
I love you :)
... or you could root your phone. :P
Your heart should always be in any and everything you do.
SKEM SLAG LIFE
Same! I need to get this one! Teehee! Yummy Alex! N'aww :( Its probs cause he cant have any jalex action in the pic ;D :L
Watching && on TinyChat:D
IF I WASNT ME EVERYDAY THAT WILL GIVE YOU FAGGS A REASON TO TALK SO SAINT KEEPS IT PIMPIN AND REAL...
Need to refresh my #running #playlist. Suggestions?
As life goes on, i'm starting to learn more and more about responsibility, and i realize everything i do is effecting people arround me.
Same to you - hope it's a great one for you!
On a real note, miss you ladies! Pool Party maybe soon?
All I can do is be me.
Twitter is quiet tonight. #whereiseverybody?
i need dope.
bahaha that is so funny i like Josh better
wow cool can't wait
Come wish a happy first birthday! Sign up and win something amazing.
just woke up 
such a great friend :)
working fine now guys, thanks.
Hahaha I keep getting tried today.
I'm sure they will appreciate the gesture! It's always nice to be appreciated for a job well done.! :)
Back to December/ Apologize/ Your not sorry = best t swift remix ever! :D
You are here to enable the divine purpose of the universe to unfold. That is how important you are!~Eckart tolle
SSI benefits may not be impacted by settlement of a personal injury claim.. Learn more call 855-385-2529
But don't Wall St and the big evil corps generate the profits that they need to fund their pensions?
Help get San Diegan Mary Murphy back on So You Think You Can Dance! Twitter Nigel Lythgoe at Dizzyfeet.
Spaces Gallery. Tonight talk on contracts for artist. Starts at 6:30 Free for Spaces members $5 for others. See you there....
Awakened this AM by the house next door as it went up in flames. it was vacant, thankfully.
Throw your boys in your ff.
Thanks to her, I developed a gambling addiction.
Will certainly miss you! Looking forward for a great event
I wish I had a death wish.
I need to wash this makeup off
Chen Julie Chen cannot be fired from #the talk. Her husband is the boss of
Why would that bizarro ad make someone want to buy a Cartier product?
alrightt imma upload it later but its not US dancing its a dance one of our members choreographed and created. Its nice :P
One of my favorite things about film maker/writer/artist Jean Cocteau is his signature. I love the star at the bottom.
Who is your favorite singer/band?
Use citations to enhance your business through the Google Places interface.
I want to show you a video I took while we were driving but I can't tweet or text it! What's your email??
"Discussion is just a tool. You have to aim; the final goal must be a decision." --Harri Holkeri, Finnish prime minister
You're welcome! Thanks for the awesome fun facts!
Like us on Facebook or we'll have sex with your family. #TwoChristmas'
Good night my little dolls, be good for Santa, love you dolls
#WeAllNeed Jesus Christ 🙏❤
You do a lot of charity work I think. Ray Kurzweil wrote a book called The Singularity is Near, he claims wealth for all.
Rebel America Inc. lands Instrumental song placement for the 2011 Samsung's 'Hope for Children' Gala Event.
Pi Pizza Nantucket - as good as any pizzeria in Naples or New York. Right out of Brooklyn. The best.
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches, but only have 4 Rusher lol ♥
I <3 sundays...
Be kind to your fellow codes, peoples: always write clear, consistent database objects that properly escape characters!!
Well, I feel for them with a different part of my body.
Nick, did you get my message. My bad for harassing you, lol.
The SO has actually expressed interest in seeing The Hunger Games movie -- to "see what all the fuss is about."
good stuff!
no but I wish
: Almost did a spit take last night. You Sir are no Mr. Kubrick. Were you supposed to be Courtney Cox with that wig? Heavy Squats
Neither are we :/
apparently I wasn't victim enough Lmfao men! But I bet I get someone to watch that shit first
After 4 o'clock I am a minority in the IUPUI library. Asian Invasion!!!!!
Well, maybe Tina Fey, lady hero, shall make us an even better show in the future.
My twitter acct has been hacked and is spitting out ad links... make.it.stop.
Guitar or Keys? Always a tough choice for me. I mostly play guitar but I go through phases where I'm all about keys/piano.
Nice blazer
loved seeing you on RuPaul's Drag Race tonight. It was so much fun. You looked great. loved the dress.
what's good homie
I had heard this was a good draft for linemen...but I guess the "expert" who wrote that meant DB or QB.
yeah!!! Exact sake one
You generally go with a more 'unkept' look when we hang...I tend to inspire that in people. for better or worse
Routt seemed to melt down and have way too many penalties during the second half of the season
I hope tonight goes really quick
"I'm not missing the Chili Peppers if Jesus Christ was playing opposite." sucks to be AVICII
Do u want to be in my fan vid for austin&alex?
just saw my first person with a face mask on. Curse you Swine Flu!
Hats off to for their free offer for hosting for those giving back.
Dear Chicago: You couldn't be more gorgeous if you tried today.
Okay okay. I'm not saying he's a looker....IT'S THE VOICE!!!! I mean, come on! Who can go that low...(Innuendo Intended)
Nook or Kindle?
Selena The Perfect Role Model
In Video Editing Class we talked transitions and the dreaded wipes. What are wipes you actually use?
Fuck that went awful... Fuck parents
Landscaping today...this is the exact opposite of how I wanted to spend my tuesday...
#ArtFact - People sometimes use the term china to mean crockery, but china is a special type of #ceramic called porcelain.
RIP Steve Jobs. :'(
Heading to the Miltown Beatdown tonight at Jackalope Lounj? Hit me up for access to the PBR VIP balcony.
It is a great day people....Do not let doubt stop you from living your dreams...Doubt you doubt and you won't doubt anymore!
I know what i'm getting & for their gifts for Warped... :)
I love being home after getting off of work<3 And what is up with cats and them sitting on shelves?
what is it!? it wants to steal all my secrets
Thanks #idol for making me a nervous wreck! My better be safe tonight!
I am perplexed when people complain about the complexity of our accountability, yet want as many factors as possible to be included in it...
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Managers now have more control over the notifications they receive from it out in your account settings :).
hahah yeah it's my gym class
Can't Thank you enough!
Not so fast, Roseanne. Leave room for misogyny and fart jokes. He's a total package! (Wait ... was that a dick joke?)
yeah, I agree.
Koch brothers & anyone who takes money from them, or supports them are MURDERING PEOPLE. MONEY SHOULD NOT BUY OUR GOVERNMENT. SHAME ON THEM!
I understand every word, sweet girl. Let me know if u want to chat. U have something ppl can't teach.. Always remember that
sweet! thanks!
RT : As a young man, Lincoln played an early version of baseball called "Town Ball." He is known to have watched baseball in D.C.
Feeling is mutual!
“: Needed: one full bucket of luck for this IMC exam I'm writing in 1.5 hrs... I'm terrible with tests...” good luck!!!
Love the Dirk Hans and Frans commercial.
Colloquium with #HelenHiebert, In pursuit of wonder
I love Boston terriers!
Once you get a PhD you realize that any asshole can get a PhD.
We want to be the Lady Gaga in the IT Twitter workd!
What tour would you want to be a member of the road crew?
It's good for sourcing info from a large audience when you need it!
Listening to the birds and waiting, like them, for the sun to rise.
Are you at #iwny!? I'm at the Bloomberg presser.
turning my AC on
u lil bitch! Where's mine at cuh?
Plenty of players from last weekend's Availables Showcase ATL picking up offers. We love helping players & coaches connect!
Nope, but I'll be starting one shortly! I'll let you know when it's up. Thanks for the interest.
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question.... she told the douche she loved him.. to me thats cheating on the other guy
really??? Damn rebels! LOL! So, Toronto is province, what are some major cities there?
JoeMobile in Birmingham MI 2day.Corner N Bates & Willis
i can't even tell you how happy this makes me. did liz lemon do a "top that" rap?
I just thought the Season finale was a little disappointing if indeed it had been a series finale.
Bottoms up, suckuhhs! Vodka & Kool-Aid! That's how we do it in WeHo!
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
Today only buy one session get one free!!
Guess who I ran into at the WI #statefair Phil the brains behind #philcast Great guy, stopped and chatted, posed for a pic too!
Rasta O.A.R. Hoody
Love ur bio.. I promise I won't take you seriously lol ;) Thanks for following, love
I miss school too. Blockheads... UHall... Blockheads...
Many enlightened voters in NC of course ;) Who were main influencers of the vote?
Um...WTF, fireworks?!
haven't heard of it but it looks great~ do u just upload ur music or have to submit it somehow?
got my shades on cant see these haters. Haha ok you win
Ima hang up in your face
GDC 2012 best lines: a) Said the actor to the Bishop. b) They sell horse sperm for a million dollars. c) F that S in the A.
I. CAN. BREATHE.
Thats love, when your hubby dedicates his perfect game to you!
Anyone remember Chip's Corner, the tavern torn down in 1967 for the 24th Street Mission BART station?
oh so jealous. Go soak 'em for Crutchie!
#Punnyjokes Be nice to your dentist. He has fillings too.
We're missing Hello Taiwan Rocks! this year. Glad to see that it's happening again this year! Sat. Nov 19 bit.ly/twxq8f
Anyone have an extra VIP ticket to the Repeal Day Ball in DC?
Some people use way, way to many hash tags.
omg, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! (:
thanks for coming out to cover answering "What is Citizenship For?" w // YES TY!!
Because of leap day, my 1990 Jan and Wayne "Calendar-Style Day Chart" is now back on track!
What were they saying? Something about how he was losing mahomies? Haha
Sorry, that was a wild tweet. I've been thinking about therapeutic lasers and accidentally tweeted.
Making banks who hold city money be transparent about how they're meeting the needs of low income neighborhoods - so horrible, Bloomberg.
The awkward moment when your phone types JFK instead of idk
Off for a hike in Death Valley today.
Don't know which is worse: Kathy Taylor may run for Mayor again or she wants TU's president opening.
Ahh just been working n hoopin everyday.moving to Fla n bout 5 days
They are both fine.
what drink did u drink???
let's petition for a hologram Dick Clark to keep the tradition going.
I normally wouldn't say (or admit) this but #madonna kinda nailed it. And she was kinda hot, too.
Excellent! Looking forward to having you here.
this can be true
i had a problem one period with the auto assigning of colors. some teams were given same color. fixed that next pd.
You might think I dropped cause u ain't see me on Mtv or BET Mane....
#DidYouKnow Ceiling fans should turn counter clockwise in the summer and clockwise in the winter to ensure the perfect temperature?
Thank you martial-arts training, saved me from cracking my head on a rock.
what the heck kind of tv angle was that for a #gamewinningkick ?!?
How #hot do you think your #car gets when it's left in the #sun?
Of. That is a bummer. :-(
i love u guys
gm! went to bed at 6:30 yesterday and woke up at 4 this morning. cannot wait to go on vacay. my body needs more rest. vacay
much appreciated - “: mine is the plain crest by simple and ridiculously aesthetically appealing.”
- I LOVE you guys! Would you please list OKLAHOMA as one of the states hit by tornadoes on your site? We lost ppl too. Thx!
RT : #Goodnight #sweetdreams keep following me
RT“: Where is that school again, never played there #gobuffs" Nobody actually knows.
possibly, havent set aside work and responsibilities for personal entertainment need more selfish
not finishing a sentence because you're laughing too hard about the ending
well said, meesh!
me too. idk whats going on
My first year of grad school is almost over, and I have yet to fully process the fact that I'm in grad school to begin with. Life is weird.
lmao Mandy :) miss you
Sharing Junior Mints & S.P. Kids w/ of & of Colleague camaraderie!
“: #GetOutTheRelationship if his jeans are tighter then yours”// then I should be out!
Driving for the first time in a while... It's like riding a bike, no? Lol
I've got a secret :).... I'm not very good at keeping it... But l don't have much longer to keep it!
I'm in the club. In the DJ booth. Go figure... that's never happened before...
naturally this flies in face of Word's hideous defaults, showing once again that I am uniquely persecuted for my obviously correct opinions
Ha. No its definitely cute, failed Cabin the Woods reference on my part. ;)
we have Rudy, zbo and Marc. One of the best frontlines in the league. Our bench scoring was a problem, not our front 3
Happy Earth Day!!
#onSept11th I just got out of class at UTPanam and watched the news on the tv in the student lounge
I just think its in very poor taste. Joky nitpicks, okay, but sometimes I see some really personal stuff. Boundaries, people.
Thinking of ways to go with the number one album of the year post.
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces. - Anne Lindbergh
LIVE AT CLUB INSTYLE TONIGHT !!!!! DJ DANIEL COSTA - N YURY THE FURRY !!!!! BEST COLLEGE NIGHT IN THE CITY !!!! 18+++++++
oh well he was all like aayyeee i remember u from the CTMDT and i was like yyeeaahhh! then we just talked about shampoo xD
You're welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
I just made some really good miso soup!
thank god the drought is over.....for now lol
: Are The #Dolphins still talking to Jake Scoot (Potential Starting RG)
I don't want to do this choir exchange today, blah.
It kinda scares me!! BUT I'm sure it's amazing!
On a hot date tonight w/ my lady
ya! I am doing the science fair and im making the san francisco bridge made of straws
So sorry to hear of your struggles. Keep your head high & continue to live delibertly. There is joy just around the corner.
i pick stockholm
I'm originally from Monterey, lived in san Luis Obispo fresno (horrible) My parents moved a lot when I was a kid.
I am, in fact aware of this, as you know. Lol.
God Morning!!
Bubba is amazing
What makes you different makes you beautiful.
#BoyzAreBack ! i'm glad you got to live your dream on the stage! xo!
thanks, I think you will do good though
Glad to meet and Ed Dir Maria Pieri. Doing a great job putting out Nat Geo Traveller UK.
Oh cool :)
The Baltimore Equitable Society issued its first fire insurance policy on April 10, 1794, to Humphrey Price.
Come on kings SCORE!
Thanks for the explanation.
We're very grateful for the excellent review of our performance at Any chance you'd correct our band name typo?
Enjoy bowling discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Trivia: How long does it take to build a Rolls Royce?
Snack happy with Greek yogurt, whole grains and fresh fruits and vegetables.
Come take a private pilates class @ EVBS. Single private classes are $45. 10 session package for $400. Certified instructors.
follow our designer
my classes start at 9 tomorrow :) and end at 4 :P i guess i can make an exception considering i can sleep in!!
Every job created in tech sector brings three other jobs in other sectors. -Kaufmann.
US is becoming ungovernable& more like a collection of geopolitical tribes. No concensus-compromise there is no democracy/nation
Im making videos too!!
Just saw the new Pabst graffiti! It's on a Milwaukee bus.
Good. In DR visiting grandfather.
Art Asylum Boston Art Show Opening at 35 Sutton St Suite 2 on Feb 26 7:00pm
Do you need to refer Clients to low fee counseling? Then call Denver family Institute today! 3037563340
♥♥At the library and lovin it! Also on games.com playin my new addiction "Bubble Town" room: Dive Bar. Come find me! The same name on here♥♥
We look good. We like being followed...on twitter.
we love you back. We are waitin... "crickets"
You - and your future - are not problems to be solved. Just Show Up and Be Yourself - and make conscious choices.
I'm not sure Jamison needed to go. If he's not coming back what's the point.
You have a Noid!?
Very excited for this new video and song.
Roll orange, drink grape, now I can't feel my face
I'm ready for a drink.. think ill get dressed and head dt ma solo =)
thank you! :) love your 2!!!
Congrats! That's so cool!
Oh he sees me too... EVERYDAY! LOL!
School stinks!!!:)
Brian Blade brought in pump organ, best I've ever played w/ also used Wurlitzer & 12 4 grand piano that played the heck out of.
Leaving the office and headed to Twist with some friends ~ hooray for EOD Friday!
have a nice day. :-)
Sad to be missing the public humanities panel right now, I've got a sick dog on my hands...hoping to be in soon.
and for my money those are the plays I want to work with.. because there's room for ME in it.
B's have got to stop the rough stuff after the whistle. Can't let them in the game
Orlando Hudson was DFA'd??
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends... i got nothing but #LOVE for you
yeah, the towel waving was pretty cool last night. I see your point. Especially since most people don't wear the shirt anyway
Well on a scale of 1 to Fergie, my face is only slightly busted.
Weight training staves off dementia in older women
Need 5 investors to give $10k total towards our production company Beautiful City Productions
u wish... keep dreamin
Aye I beat the pussy up
#womensday-Career change from project manager to #RegisteredDietitian-coaching families to optimize healthy habits-New beginnings=happiness
Can we just get married? Let's stop the games. If no, can I visit for skins game?
On to SFMOMA
I missed it tonight!!!! :(
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
ohh. Lol. Yes! Who drinks milk during dinner!?!?!? Omg. Free Willy does! >____<
Ok, 5 inches now on the ground. We're officially in for the afternoon.
Whenever you're having a bad day just think, atleast you aren't homeless, starving, and dirt poor. always be thankful for what you have
I'm playin there with Charles Bradley! You should go
Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, God created sisters like you.
No secret flavors this week, but stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter. There could be another secret flavor soon!
Why yes, in fact, I had your magic underwear on just a little while ago!
We're Higher Than A MotherF*cker.
RT : Ex-Bills everywhere in the playoffs. Ralph's running one hell of a farm team in Buffalo.
Why do I feel like my tone in commenting on student projects is directly out of Chopped? "Group X. I'm sorry, you've been chopped. Judges?"
There were 3 winners for our FREE eStatement contest. There lucky winners were Dara K., Juan V. and Dat L.
it seems as though u have all 7 Saw movies.... A marathon is a MUST!
Last chance! RT : Labor Day sweepstakes! Follow us by 11:59pm Mon & you will be entered to win a dozen cupcakes...
More awesomeness: 10 year old hacker presenting shuttle watch!
oh word!
First bike commute into Sony this morning. Relatively uneventful along Bway but miss the bike lanes of the Hudson River Greenway.
I love playing in the rain<3
Don't expect many updates from the game. Data usage is too high here in canada (america's hat). Many stories, pictures and love to follow
Tonight I'll be modeling fungal growth in ruby-processing with L-system, right after I finish understanding L-systems.
Good Morning Mahomies! #NSD Have a great Wednesday! -Maria
This makes me glad that I'm on the Red Line. I've heard stories about the "Orange crush"...
If your going to be Two-Faced, then at least make one pretty. ;)
Ohio State defeats the 'Cuse 77-70. Final Four here we come! #Buckeyes ftw
Just finished 5 shifts in a row (Friday night, Saturday morning/night, and this morning/tonight.) I almost miss being unemployed…Almost.
Siri-eriously ??? not me-not yeti
Picture it: mason jars, twinkle lights, flowers and a setting sun... Join other #GCM supporters at the #GreenAcresGala next Friday night!
appreciate the follow and back atcha'! #dogood Be a #changeagent of the world!
Looking for a delivery driver. Call (305) 529-5555 and ask for Mario
Thank you Adam! Sharp Hill Designs LOVES O Magazine!
I came in #9 on ISB Radio's Top 10 this week w/"Meandering." Hear all 10 artists on ISB Radio Sat&Sun 12pm-2pm EST !
through twitter !
Police sirens going off. Another crash to check on later.
ill rebuy if you add trophies. Fav game of 07 (w/ uncharted)
Do you ever wonder how the BIG guys get so big? They build a team. Add us to your team today, and we'll help you grow! Call 866-364-0030
E!!! I miss you, too!! I hope the wedding is a smash! Have a few drinks for me :)
BOOM!!! I'll sink all ur ships "B4" u know it!!! "I've got that BOOM BOOM WOW!!!" LMFAO!!! ;P
This year we celebrate our proud traditions, values and principles that earned our movement an indelible place in
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much. If it feels right, it probably is. So just go with it!
We are fast approaching another #CMLbookchat. Tuesday, October 4th at 7PM EST. Can't wait to tweet chat with everyone!
Ugh!! People are so fucking rude!
And I gotta work christmas eve.
Up & inspired for this upcoming wonderful spring day!! GOD MOONING world!!! :D
#TeamTrill its more than a movement.
hahaha not even surprised! How'd her cleanse go??
MUAH Have a great weekend!
iPad 3 rumor mill: two new iPads planned for January, says report
“: held down Mansion tonight... Dude is the best turntablist in Miami bar none.. #werageharder #rrfam” thanks!
Gotta love our starting lineup, gotta love !
anytime... We'll take all the help we can get for our ninjas and there parents! Keep the #parenting tips coming!!
no! now i remember u, your amazing! <3
"When we have a question, we look in a book." good advice from Super Why. Maybe I should use this for my undergrads? :)
wtf is a flogging party? Lol
Ikr..but nothin much. What've you been up to?
ELI Ice Skating Party tomorrow night! 7:30pm to 9:30pm at the Fred Rust arena on UD campus. Bring your Student ID card and $3!
Now that's Bromance right there.(; <3 Aww. ^__^
I'm often conflicted by Franzen—in the midst of a cacophony of words he occasionally produces an unexpected consonance—it's a sort of grace.
Need to see ,nevershoutnever! If anyone has tickets ill buy theem!
Close race between Seattle and the Chiefs in the Kuechly poll, 26 to 22%, Bills & Eagles with 17%
out in S dale now you?
Strangers treat me better than my own "friends" I should prob go ahead and evaluate who's in my life
time to bust out the media queries
Video coming in 1! ...hour. ;) stay tuned
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
Dear ProTools, why can't you find any of the files in this session? They're right there in the folder. I can see 'em from where I'm sitting.
#haloreach this is what we are looking forward to in may. how about you?
still need to pick me up a bottle of that. I got some from last year that I'm aging till next year.
does that not exist? Call apple, we have an idea to sell them.
That face is funny as hell!
gooodmorning, sunshines! (: how are you all today? lets talk! <3
i LOVE your twitter name!! :D follow back?
Even while surrounded by organzat'l software & wireless internet radiation piercing my brain, best way to work out thoughts is pen to paper.
Hey girl!!! Nice to see you again!!! I'm sure I'll be seeing you around...hopefully on big national sets, right??
I just raised one in the time it took to read your tweet!
Don't wear skinny jeans if you don't have skinny genes..
arent you going to ???
If you hate your job, DO something about it. You DO have choices
Shot me put of the sky you're my kryptonite...
Oh, yeah. It was super busy this weekend. Give the kids a big hug for us!
Good Morning My Twitter Boogers!!
Love you Alexis, <3
What up Mike! What's good bro?!
Had my eggs, got my #coffee. Let Roll! MT kickstart your Monday?
We already have big gambling. Let's get tax revenue for it and build a stadium! The Indians only contribute to
is there an RSS feed for your site?
RT : Atlanta showed up in record numbers! Over 3000. is the BEST host!
fine ;D
skype wont even work for me!! i try and try and try to create one but it jus wont work! Grrrrr
Love can bring you down:(
thanks so much for inviting my brother on stage tonight. He was Max's Santa. By the way the show was amazing. Much love :-)
Democratic state Sen. Tim Cullen drops out of Wis. governor's race, says he can't raise needed money.
thank you, nice work.
Our Furniture Clearance #sale started this morning! Includes floor sample items at up to 40% off! Stop in and see what we have.
S/O to bestfriend for achieving so much this year, you deserve it all man
shes the one : ) im glad things worked out this way cuz i wouldnt want it any other way : )
Welcome to Twitter
Oh, hello sun. Glad you make it...
DC: and now our daily message of hope: Lord, keep us and protect us from the haters. As you know they are everywhere!
Thank you!
my musical taste is so crazy!! #musicADDftw :)
VOlunteer Orientation, Literacy Tutor Training and Literacy Session 5! Call 275-4040 or email to register & learn more!
Having posture problems? Put a book on your head
True. I don't want to get in the way of the bromance.
Thx to I have a 9yr-ol and a 6yr-old programming in Ruby. I am so proud!!!
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness.
Last chance to get pierced by Jill! We're open till 9pm! :)
I'm not home, but'll follow you when I get home :P
End the week with a 2-minute #whyigive moment. Close your eyes & picture a generous act--sights, sounds & how you felt.
Big HS games going down tonight EVERYWHERE
I think it was from a conference in the early 2000s (although I do still have a round SHRM mouse pad that was an HRTalk prize)
Gotta Keep Up! I must, I must... Oh my.. so much to be done, so many people to meet and connect.. What a journey.. what a jouuurrrnneeyy!
Oh, and can take Leap of Faith's Best Musical nom spot any time, anywhere.
Aw thx! ": Support and follow my girl First all black female band (that I know of anyway). I'm so proud of her."
ugh I just got a puppy so I feel that dude
drive the bus. "Oh you two would never be on my bus!" #wisewordsofmg!!!
Last person I voted for on a "reality" show was We HAVE to vote 4 on #DWTS!!! 800-868-3403! 12 votes per line!
you know it is just stupid why they couldnt put the game over on TbS... Who is gonna miss a 1993 episode of Seinfeld
so much for Humber
Thanks for the follow, Amanda! :)
50 Shades of Grey :)
After weeks of wrestling with material for collaborative piece, one face-to-face meeting totally cracked it.
made some fantastic cookies this weekend from my cookie cookbook - the chocolate peppermint snaps. Delightful!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to seeing you at the next race. :)
She need some time alone I told her call my phone And when she call my phone I didn't answer it! -k.o
Just think about it is all I'm asking.
New Trailer for We Win or We Die coming tomorrow.
If you're a bird, then I'm a bird.
To tired.
RT : happy birthday !
About to clean up ,,
Nah its both
Is it OK if you're a parent of an infant to go out and get plastered?
Happy Cinco De Mayo Tweeple! Celebrate responsibly or you might wake up next to the Chupacabra!
Don't feel good sleep
Agree. I have no clue what is behind Filner's strategy. He has a strong personality. He is coming across as a "wet noodle."
On the plus, that also means the city will be turning on the water. We are lucky in US, we don't haul our daily water.
ah yes, Bingy :D can't wait to go back to Vegas and see family and friends. Wee come visit me Bingster!
Great advice! RT : Not 'IF' but 'WHEN' trouble comes, don't let it change you, adjust to the challenge!
Type 'askew' in Google and see what happens...
Ppl"s statuses on FB r so lame I just wanna punch them all in the face :)
I just searched Zall for people and talk about my last name...apparently there are 2 laws invented by a man named Zall...
Can we talk about the fact that 30 year old Natalie Dormer is playing 16 year old Margaery Tyrell? I am not buying it!
Work is done
man i havent be on skype in a while....sad memories:/ </3
There is no excuse for Flash-based navigation being used on NEW sites. 30% of visitors to your site can't use it, so STOP IT.
I'm doing the same thing. Got one graduated & another in 3rd grade.
At least once a month I'll have unnecessary anxiety attacks over my socks and shoes. I don't even have that many socks and shoes.
I would think it'd be hard to get critical mass of ppl to help flesh out page, but what were other difficulties?
You are easily amazed! ;-)
Watching I AM LEGEND with my big brother...I love Bob marleyz music.#God is Great!!
been doing my economic homework all day.
#3WordsOfAdvice Never look back
Got some subway 👍
I just yelled at my lunch cuz it was boring. Wish I had some magical cooking skills...
A friend in need is a friend indeed. - This English saying can have three different meanings. The first meaning says that a true friend .
It's freezing in The Natti so I'm California Dreaming. We got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, as they say.
RT : nothing is easy is it?
I can tell when is pissed... And shes pissed.
tweeting for seats!
"Why don't you come with me little girl on a magic carpet ride..."
So excited for #IslandDivine w/ tonight!
"The best ideas are those enacted upon after the conference." - #ALAconf Chair Lisa Dasher
Music...will always keep me alive... :)
Working on a marketing plan - and enjoying the mountains with their snow cloaks - a rarity in southern Arizona!
there are 3521614606208 seven character alphanumeric strings with no spaces or punctuation so probably shorter than 7 chars.
Showing at First Friday Tonight! 6-10pm at Joseph Watson Collection inside the Arts Factory!! (my previous gallery space)
Dollar Dogs tonight!!! Don't forget Food Crawl this Friday! Get you tickets now!!
maybe he leases 15 at a time.
those sound pretty special to me!
Back to workout on patio #freshfor'12
“I would rather cuddle then have sex. If you are good with grammar you will get it.” lol good one
It was nice knowing everyone
I'm tired an I want u to come lay with me
That's fantastic! Nice work!
LOVE : A malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to sparkle, cheeks to glow and lips to pucker.
Shaved cedar, cinnamon sticks or bunches of dried lavender, rosemary, or mint can be pleasant alternatives to synthetic air fresheners.
contact us at to help with a big block walk this Saturday. Thx.
(2/2) talked college bball transfer ridiculousness w ND grad and writer ... Not bad for two day's work ...
nf , follow back? (:
Reading romeo and juliet is weird cause the way they talk
Ayee Who's Trynna Start A Trending Topic Lol ?
Tony is like the only cute one to me. Lol
I haven't eaten since Tuesday... Ginger ale and water. :-/
We are unable to remember this.
I love the pointy end of the plane and all the privileges that come with it. Thanks, ! Nearly home ...
leaving the office. Give me a buzz!
It's always pleasant to be asked for a job recommendation by a former student. One such makes up for many disappointing encounters.~Don
Have a great weekend. Thanks for the new likes and birthday greetings this week.
Knowledge is sexy.
Looking at the forecast next week, YUK! Looks like no Turkey Bowl!
The west is the new south
did I mention that the trumpet choir piece i started writing few weeks ago is a tango?
oh...i aint watchin it! I thought u meant if i'll watch it at the movies or on the internet :D
ALSO, upcoming job opportunities from NESN and Time Warner Cable Sports (In about 10 minutes).
RT : If negative criticism is fact-based, create a mountain of search-optimized content to neutralize the situation
For those of you who were wondering, the answer to today's #QuoteQuiz is Douglas MacArthur
dude sorry for the let down. I need to check twitter more.
Giving away music on mix tapes is like Barbershops charging $5 for a haircut. STUPID!
Always remember that you are unique; just like everyone else.
Now is the time when I snuggle with my cat and we watch Buffy before bed.
lol let her be excited!
Captain Cram "gets it" by using social media to enhance real time communications with his constituents.
Anyone who's not already following me on instagram, do so..follow me its access to that road life lifestyle..ride with me!
RT : Thinking about the #OccupySD participants marching in #Downtown. Thank you for speaking out. We are the 99%!
oh :( sure, followed :)
aww praying for you dear!
#NowPlaying Stevie Wonder Love Light and Flight
And yet...
Finally The Pens showed up. The better team played their game.
I must have listened to the last Deerhunter album a zillion times.
Memories-- My school played Codys in football. I was a cheerleader. I saw Cody playing football. I would of done anything for a hug from him
John Crawford--"teaching for survival" needed; some students need basic life skips, basic literacy
am well.u live in Ontario
Lol that guy!
Simulating first round of NBA playoffs on NBA2K and Knicks are winning so that means its gonna happen in real life right? LOL
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
That's what I'm talkin' about! Have F-U-N...lots & lots of FUN!!! Arms in air - shake it! *\o/*RT : Same to you -Zumba in 2 hrs :)
New to Boston & love how involved City Government is on #socialmedia! Great recognition of the power of social connection!
Suddenly at 2pm toady the bad mood I've been in for the last month just went away
NEW! Expert Advice: Creating Divine Website Redesigns
yes they are! We'll see yiu there!
Why is every player in the mlb wearing #42 tonight?
Multi-Platinum Singer and Songwriter Nelly Furtado Announces Title and Release Date of Fifth Album
Thanks to the CLE City Club for offering a forum for the Prosecutor's debate.
I have embraced the use of the eggplant emoji as my personal seal, in my communications with my wife. 🍆 And now perhaps also with you. 🍆
Thanks for your support, Susan!
Stop poping up, take the hint from the last 20 times I've blanked you, I do not want to speak to you.
Haha to the what??? ;) RT : should come to the souther section of northeastern south Florida! :)
FYI my PEOPLE have informed me that the industry is looking HARD at the bay.so have your game tight PEOPLE and let pull together!!just Sayin
Several of panelists at #techwomen session got into tech because they wanted to help people
finally cut that shit
Go Hoover!!!!!!!! TY for supporting to Save Our Soaps. SOS!
I am so unbearably pissed right now >C
to buy or not to buy Facebook shares.....
Then Mimosas??
Its a shame when a woman has a man that wants be involved in his childs life and she wont let him.
it can't happen every year. you guys spoiled us fans with two straight chips. stay healthy and strong, we'll need you next season.
did you know? and are the best ART DIRECTORS EVER and i wuv them so much.
listening to born this way album since I woke up this morning n born this way ball is amazing :)oxoxo
I know you. It doesn't mean ill back you up.
you already know I'm gonna love it ❤❤❤
Happy Halloween!
send him our video!
Happy 4th of July! May we all remember to thank our troops for what they do for us...
Happy B-Day
Liana @ 2 yrs can count & do much more in English & Spanish.. Yes, she's ready for Head Start Program next yr.. Lol
": so tempted to leave work for it!!! I'm 50/50 right now lol."< do it! #marronage :)
can we say brunch????
#Weallgotthatonefriend who talk ish to and about people and look to you for help !
Yes, the admin staff would definitely need the Vader ones.
behind #dodgers dugout
Just saw Forrest Whitaker
Once you know better, you do better.
Ghost Hunters, season 8!!!
Live Dj tonight! Your favorite bartenders serving up your favorite drinks!!
GOD MORNING!:D
is also a HUGE #jadenator 100% #teamjaden ! Give them a shoutie (y) your awesome !
you may get there before we do! Save us seats!
lol & I had a pretty good day
I love Jake Sisk.(:
W/ Social Media, probably see more of a blending of styles across industries. Could be pos/neg.
I need a drink
My goodness you're there really early! Is that so you can avoid "The Pirate"? ;-)
Not as cute as you !
Maria is being both kind and modest. She is a very excellent writer and has written some great books.
Roguescene @ Fuse tonight! DJ Andrew B up till 2am!!
Here's hoping Apple release drivers for the ATI 5xxx series cards soon. Although they prolly know no one can afford a Mac Pro and a 5870.
I hate texting people that can't spell.
Thanks. Always looking for new blog post ideas! Have a great weekend.
There's no way around it, haters are gonna hate. Just be the bigger person and don't buy into it.
Ideas flowing for my next project. Exciting - but it isn't going to help me finish current work! (A sign that I must be close, though....)
The tying run is just 1 rotation away.
Do hope that 1D will be big in the US? We US Directioners hope so too! Wish them luck!!! Hope to see u in the US too!!!
people in tonight's studio audience of idol got Idol tour tickets
Ok, for real, The Biltmore is $69 to visit!! Where's the roller coaster and Mickey ears?!
Think tank rooms buzzing with ideas. Can't wait for report backs after luncheon.
Kobe was praised for last night. 2 reb, 4 ast. That's a bad night for Bron. I hate Lebron, but facts favor the faded hairline
Welcome to AWESOME
RT : Flyers are getting beat to every puck. They're just .... losing. Everything.
Whoa. Strong statement.
Badass MT : #Rays Rhymes said he feels lucky...When medical staff asked usual questions like who he was, he said "Batman"
sure thing let's plan it! I hope to be in your area around the middle of June Hopefully I can see too
Skiles was almost the coach of the year 2 years ago. I refuse to believe HE's gotten worse since. Blame players
I;m reading "Maui Millionaires" by it is a must read for anyone
Goodmorning to u too!(: wat are you doing today!?(:
i failed too lol
Ok y'all. There's still time to drink a little more water and *not* be up all night...
we trust people to drive on work business without checking their speed - it's about people taking responsibility
Gonna be in my room for a few hours-_-
some kind of bank of america window blowout between pine/kearny/calif etc. crazy
Exfoliate much? Through exfoliation of surface skin cells, you not only nourish your body, you bring forth fresh skin that is able to...
Rejection the VI: Nothing remarkable except was the same CC to which I applied upon earning my PhD. 10 yrs later, the record skips.
Can’t wait for quesadillas & sangria on Thursday!
You are just too good to be true..Cant take my eyes off of you!
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.—Thorstein Veblen
First meeting with the DG Gals!
PHEW! Who did I miss? Feel free to mention+we'll RT! We want all hands on deck tonite. Orgs next. Let's make #HHAwards trend in #DC!
word. Well do u still have my number? If so hit me up then
2 shoots this week, 2 edit jobs this month, I may have another 2nd unit directing gig next month, plus more I can't talk about yet. Whew!
Need some things to go my way..
Pop is Dead, TRS Killed it.
happy weekend Samantha
CHRIS DAVIS IS WARMING UP! this game got good again haha!
Heyup! testing testing...
My twitter feed makes me hungry.
I just entered this afternoon & then the site crashed. :(
Severe Thunderstorm warning in Hennepin, Anoka, Carver, Scott and Wright Counties until 7:45. Winds in excess of 60 MPH. Be careful outside.
It's a / type of night.. my fav artists... <3 R&B fanatic!!
awkward moment when you go look at your phone with a toothbrush in your mouth and fangirl over tweeting
Ugggg I hat skool y do u hav 2 be there so early!!!!!!!!!!!
My pet parrot, affectionately known as "Fang", has figured out how to escape from her cage.
Stolen - dashboard confessional. #np ❤
Pick Up games dont count
Someone looking for opportunity to put promotional skills to work? You can apply at TasteTweet.com- Pls RT
House is cleaned thanks to my mother! Now to enjoy my Sunday afternoon!
Recovering. I may not have contracted 's appendicitis afterall.
haha I will probably be gone. I just have to help for the first part then I'm going tanning
Happy Social Media Day to all of my technologically inclined friends! xo
It was sold out! We bought tix for tmrw. I will let u know. Xoxo
This week is about to be mad crazy
shut up
I'm good today
Make sure to play it at your wedding.
I'm following
That looks like fun. Is this an annual event or just a one off event?
Generosity returned with spite?
Walking down the stairs onto the tarmac in Frankfurt in the 0C morning air without a coat, I felt like I invaded.
Hope the weather can stay nice for me so I can board after all this work.
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay 'i hate one direction & austin mahone!' cause trust me , you will be bitch slapped !
Meeting up with some newlyweds from the mean streets of Boston with
get tf off my twitter!
Is back at the hospital with Gram...woo. Dear migraine, go away.
Happy New Year from your family at Cornerstone Used Books! Wishing you many blessings for the coming year!
I miss him-_-
I had something to keep me company lol.
“: When I'm done with school, I'm moving to Portland into a little loft to live alone.”
“: Thanks for following!” thanks for building a great website for us!
I enjoyed it too! Tap into me whenever you want - you have the number...love to hear how you're doing!
thats all they strive for is larger government. Anyone who can't see that is blind. No matter what road we take we are headed
There was an old man named Michael Finnegan, he had whiskers on his chin-egan
if only we could! That guy is such a waste of space. Most. Useless. Senator. Ever. We voted out Feingold for THAT??
I voted for you. Hope you win!
See ya there! Help spread the word!! RT : Apparently, the Frantic will be playing at my school on Saturday.
RT I'm glad I missed the Grammys. Sounds like it would have made me want to get the fuck out of this ridiculous "industry"
Do you guys want some red oak for the center brace, I have a bunch leftover from the messed up sides.
Driving on the freeway this evening, was seized by inexplicable desire to sing, and download, "Puttin' on the Ritz."
RT: I just won 2 FREE TICKETS to the Portland Golf Show !
Gold Digger - like a hooker, only smarter.
I was digging the fish behind first base. But the Exorcist puke green colors gotta go the way of the Orange Bowl!
I WISH she was here with me right now, nothing like her Lips, her Hips, her Hair, Her Hands, or Her Eyes looking into Mine. Shocka Shock
im dating a nurse! :)
Thanks for following us Jordan, we look forward to connecting with you!
yep tony
lmfao... don't let the pictures get out. That'll ruin all my fantasies from when i was in high school.
#Iwillnever trust you again you are a lie and all ways will be
Best boyfriend eveeeeerr award: ~
Awesome RT Very happy to announce that , one of my favorites from the 2010 class, is joining us LA.
Girls who constantly yell at their boyfriends. Bitch, you're lucky men hitting women is frowned upon. -.-
Kieren and -you know that we are looking forward to seeing your Irishness @ TheEuroConnect4 next Wed, May 16th
#1DNewEnglandContest Jen should let me love you-malik
#Relationshiptips- Please never update your staus to things like "I just got a message from HIM <3" or " I think I just met the one!!!"
all canadian teams are pussies, canucks are the worst though
i know it. im so happy right now...
ok so last night was pretty good. tonight, however, is going to be a different story altogether.
Wow. Yeah that review is pretty sad. Didn't see what was SO bad until I got halfway down. Make up remover? Is this person for REAL?!
This fiend got so happy to hear the word "bump"...lmao she was damn near bout to get in the car...lmao ~dre
How about a ready-made blog that can immediately make you money!
Can't wait to see Titanic tonight!!! 🚢
Its so good! RT : I had no idea there was such a thing as Tofu House--good to know. Love me some tofu.
Btw "Candy" Is a girl not a show all about candy lol
Loans loans loans go away...
I'm a Belieber, love u sweetie ♥
You're quite welcome! ;)
You're very welcome!
I haven't read any of those, but I know they are crazy popular and it's what put her on the map. Are you going to see her?
lol, I just might. :)
Watching Remember Me .... <3
You see there has been nobody watching over the zoo keepers for a very long time.
haha im in the same boat!
There are no winners in life...only survivors.
#ZAYNSHIPSDONTLIE Oh lord, oh lord that video! TOO GOOD, TOO GOOD. is a god.
We're @ 211 North Record Street, Suite 100 Dallas, Texas 75202. Right across the street from the JFK musuem.
Check it out! MT : If you're at #SXSW, watch our CTO speak at 2 pm at Lean Startup panel. Salon C, downtown Hilton.
thank you for the warning. I'm gonna try to find a comedy now :(
IM TRYING TO FIND THEM FOR MY MOM
