Can't wait!! RT Can't wait to see you both tomorrow! Amy, we finally meet. Yay! :)
and my mommy have the same birthday<3 wednesdays gonna be the best day<3 (:
What do you get if you cross a snake with a hotdog? A fangfurther.
lol my interview got pushed back
Hola Amigos! It's two way taco tuesday!!! Chef Eduardo has prepared a mouth watering BBQ Pork and BBQ Chicken fried mini tacos! Giddy Up!
I'd like to wish a happy birthday to my inspiration. you may officially be a man now, but you'll alway be Kidrauhl.I love you
RT : Why can't we make the biz case that ppl w/ #disabilities can fill the looming talent shortage? - J. Robinson
you're welcome. thanks for the follow back
At the movies with seeing Underworld in 3D! Kate Beckinsale is the best actress... in 3D.
yeah I was thinking about it. How much is it
I wanna go to the art gallery to see my drawing lol 😁
It varies--sometimes people come for one show in particular & won't come back
Writing admissions essays for Haas. First draft 400 words too short. Second draft 900 words too long. Third draft, just right?
The Marina branch was my home branch while a student at CSUMB!
remember me when it comes to college!!! :P
Also cj watson is the goat tonight.
Have a great show tonight with ! #Vegas #DJ #urock!!
Love dosnt make ur world more colorful than before. It just opens ur eyes to what u couldnt see before
Summer urban life is killing me. I miss the rain and no tourists around!
That tattoo that makes you think " Damn.... They had to regret that the next day"
Headed up to this county championship here soon. Good luck #AvonBaseball!!
mine did too got it replaced good as new at a nice place in Vancouver for 100 bucks
LCA OL - Zach West chooses Kentucky
yea that's prolly why then :/.. U need an iPhone :)
The absence of your presence in my life is unbearable. Is this hell?
Edited one of the new songs and can't wait to get started on Tuesday! Doby gets to rock out "On the Foreign Exchange!"
YAY! We should see it!!:D
Super Excited about TONITE - - House Band & Soulstress on Deck
I'm sorry congratulations on making it that far. I'm proud of y'all.
loved the performance! all the stress payed off!
True friendship is having a full bank to draw on
First time ive changed my teitter pic in months
thank you very much.
hey u going to the Essesance Festival?
All kinds of ways to get exposure to hundreds of #BBQ fans: sauce contest, vendor booth, door prizes, etc. Join us at this year's event!
should check out and get back on his soapbox.
Oh, my Dad would kill for a piece of that... looks incredible
Thanks! Looking forward to following the
drag the desk with you ... or chew off your leg.
Mother’s Day $15 Memoir Journal with any $150 purchase. 5/4-5/13 at participating stores, while supplies last.
Sound like you might be a good fit? Learn more about and apply for a position via our Careers Page
Every beer has an equal but opposite beer.
Questions on buying or leasing a home in North Las Vegas? Msg and lets talk!
Reruns are getting old..Let's get the new season started!! ": Catch a #StorageWars marathon TONIGHT starting at 6pm/5c!"
oh just found it looks great 5 then?
What teen homeless shelter?
Badgers get 8 offensive fouls called on Vandy Saturday. According to these 3 Blind Mice, #Badgers don't set their feet very well.
you + drinking.
You've got mail
Don't mess with me. ;)
same here!
u shut up danni before I firebomb the command post
i'm sayin tho u cute
coming on the web site soon. will keep everyone posted. Have a fantastic rest of the weekend!! More tomorrow, Ghost Adventures for now!
i cluckin love you !!! have a great birthday<333 you my idol<3
as a white progressive southerner lets not pretend racism exists solely s of mason Dixon. Def exists in tea party, in all states
it sure is!! Yay Van Morrison!!
nah, let's go band-aid approach - move it to the day after. Endure the brunt of pain all at once, so the lingering isn't so bad.
Tornado Sirens in EP?! What is going on?? Anyone know??
I haven't seen it. Not sure they're finished production. But found the idea of "abandoned part of the Sun newsroom" fascinating.
#Brewers may be freezing their tushies off, but their bats are on fire! has a nice early lead to work with!
Just aced my midterm!!
can I have one?!?
Star Mentors engages Jennifer Milan who has 1# I-tunes upload positon in Italy- She is burning up the charts - www.digistarmgt.com
i just went on follow limit??! are u serious? cmon, !
Excellent storm hitting a high point in the #Richmond Dist, wind and hail.
if you could go back in time and redo anything, what would it be?
they are?
> Illini bringing it strong tonight in the Texas bowl. That running back that torched my Cats is looking good.
Good morning everyone!
Tryin to get this first video from my event on YouTube. It's my version of Hillsong- The Stand. Having some $ issues but should be up soon.
#CMA's I was really moved by tonight. So glad to see his tribute ! Praying for him. He looked so excited and happy tonight.
Sending out my warning to the liquor store as we speak
Dude that is flat out sick!!!
The GreenNote platform is now live! Prior members can register for the Fall fundraising campaign FREE until July 9th
Networking Event@ Mynt Martini 04/06...Come build your Data Base,Meet Single,and have fun..www.tri-statespeeddaing.com
These folks aren't on the injury report
that's like tryin' to replace a Halle Barry with a 300 lb. Woman! NOT!
It is of no use to establish steamship lines to bring goods to this port until we have local lines to distribute goods to the interior.
I know what's goin on T...
ok its saturday so... whats going on tonight in Pittsburgh? anybody got anything fun planned?
sunday the 29th. we will all be in the same state. bar b q at the poseys!
harassing me really? #growup do what's right Patent pending haha get it u nice to me I'm nice 2 u take advantage of me and I never forget
I went to express yesterday hoping you'd be there :(
We follow!
IAP program manager Susan Britsch is taking our panelists through orientation. We'll officially begin at 10:00 a.m. EDT
Please help staff & cmty residents rebuild Raleigh YWCA!
hey whats up
RT : I do love my cat <3
yeah. I heard they're looking at this 97 from Houston named Haytham or some shit
what I'm saying though is that despite the umpire, Hurricane put themselves in a tough situation
done and done! ;D thanks!
yo at home w/ females
A good boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you, that you won't have to face them alone.
To the little yellow trailer that could! #taco love
He lied to the ppl about swag lol RT : what did you do to these ppl....
#NF The talented she follows back :-)
WAIT! lol, like 5 seconds, for my next tweet, then you can go to sleep.
Are vegetations allowed to eat animal crakers?
I try to find my friends, but.. they blowin in the wind. - Tupac
Aiight... Deandre got his 1st standing ovations... Wow. Lol that boy and you killed that song
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
that's wear the money from the mustang went?:(
I love you too (:
seriously what reason would I have to spam, I don't sell shit don't care about anyone's info, I'm barly on this bitch
tickets at $25.75 were just released! Pick them up fast! This is going to be a great show! Bush, Seether and My Darkest...
Lol. I'm ashamed for you sir.
Hello again CSU! It's good to be back.
Tips session w/ Jocelyn Sheppard - pre-venture and start up companies can be good clients!
how much is a one day pass at snowshoe? I finally found my gloves and beanie and socks lol now im able to go
Saw it at Sav More Beer and Pop, Browns Hill Road.
Our new mural is done! Come over to the shop & take a look!
Thanks girl :) luh you too!
problem: dogs pay in pre-eaten Snausages.
anybody know why there are so many police vehicles from NJ in Logan circle (DC) right now? J/w
yes ma'am
#RufusKing: Remember ... that without Piety towards God ... and inflexible Integrity towards all men, no human means deserve success (1818)
The Girls in the House Wii Dance Party. The Boys: Halo on the 360.
Thanks for the heads up! RT : FYI: Rush talking Wal-Mart moms right now
Does anyone know if any OOP movies are on Amazon instant view?
Thanks for the RT!!!
You gotta realize when your not wanted to walk away and.find someone who wants you
LOL! Nice link Tom, the article's update now concedes that Walker's numbers come from 95% of the WI's businesses. Thanks 4 help!
Between work, college and high school.. I have no time for a social life.
Big game for Milwaukee Bucks tonight!
Tomorrow isn't a right; it's a privilege, because tomorrow may never come
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - win Giants-A's tickets for Friday night's game!
Happy mother's day from all of us at #sandwichmeinchicago!
lovin' is what i got...
You're a dork. Text me back!
wow nice...next thing you know he'll be asking for your bank account to deposit the 5 million dollars he needs you to hide
😌yeah I feel real peacefull....lol
Quite a few and I know this guy is creating mobile apps on Las Vegas
I got nothing. I forwarded your request to my fellow miss, who is not on twitter. Are you going to be a fancy pirate?
You may delay thing, but time will not
Cool :) Haha :) How old are you?
"Sometimes you just have to give up on people. Chasing after them is painful, especially when they don’t try to meet you half way"
Thank you I like your name to!!:)
your REALLY pretty (: -Valerie ; 9 years old - Junior Company(:
by the time I look for a job I won't have a facebook
Importing all of my photos into #Lightroom from 1983 onward. Tagging and folder structure now standardized. Lots of work, but worth it.
Drew Maxwell McArtor is absolutely amazing.. <3
Im so hungry.
You, sir, are ambitious!
Happy birthday! :-)
doc to the next level
IMA TEAM PLAYER IF I WIN THEN WE WON THEY GONE PUT US ALL INDA HALL OF FAME WHEN WE DONE
I honestly dont understand and have no intensions on understanding the things that be going through a guys head
Waking up this morning with alot on my mine
Bored in penn Wah
I was kindly granted access to a 300 acre farm in southern #Loudoun, and took full advantage of it yesterday. Sprawling pastures w/ views.
Thrive lunch will be held at Hector’s Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston @ 11:30am ! Hope to see you there!
An official PUBLISHED poet #yeeee'buddie
Hope you enjoyed ‘em! RT: chocolate sunbelt chewy granola bars!! >>>>>
Come on now we both know everyone was showing off for me, who are we kidding ;D
Nation, it's a new day! Rejuvenated & ready for more compelling #sports, #nba stories. Anybody got some good material yet?
OH 's b-day: "I'm gonna pour some wine in a cup and hope that they don't notice." (OH = me.)
And it is signed, bonus!
Just silly. Kids no doubt
It takes a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
We're watching the stupidest movie in history on full freaking blast and it smells like dog poop. I just wanna sleep.
If all of Miami drove like me, there'd never be traffic
Your boy embarrassing himself & your entire network tonight. Going after Jesse, unprovoked, like a little child.
Band practice with a band of hugely talented musicians! :)
Seeing crooked fingers with My friend Brian d has been raving about them for years. They never play, I feel lucky.
6 core...16 gig ram...ready to reset.
Paris Hilton's head must be exploding from all of her wishes she'll be making today.
4th-round steals so far (in order): Lamar Miller (a star-in-the-making), Alameda Ta'amu, Kirk Cousins
agree! Awesome!! They all sounded amazing!
So I auditioned for a corporate band yesterday, and it was amazing!!!!!
I WISH. So much shit coming up cant even think about it so stressed!!!
haha Keith Urban(: and my wall is like that too!!! Full of one direction!
People already assuming Shit about me and my boyfriend . Like get a life !
haha I know im so stupid!! I always regret it but the curiosity kills me sometimes! LOL
Excellence must be defined to be modeled, modeled to be reproduced, and reproduced to become your organization's culture.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 88
GOOD MORNING! HAVE A GOOD LABOR DAY WEEKEND, BE SAFE
Now he's just messing with us.
its even better when I finish & then Gavin wants to play for another half hour :) maybe we can start a trio
Collect rainwater, and use it to water your houseplants and garden!
most def. Been Pissed how ABC does this every year takes shows off a few Weeks so finale is around sweeps week.
Hi! Pantheon is pleased to run DrupalCamp sites for free. Shoot me an email at if you are interested.
That's cool too, I just don't understand you.
In fact on blogs, many blog authors de facto trade comments with peers e.g. among food bloggers. So, go write some comments?
fuck you bitch my shoes brand new
Yea we doing harlo together on Thursdays trying to grind
Let's be honest ; la is a shitty town
Dear guy in the Midway bathroom, the stall is not a phone booth.
I'm a big fan of having a spiritual life, but loud man in Starbucks proclaiming there is only one way to God is not my kind of salvation.
One of those days when I just can't keep up with the teacher.
Rehearsal for Charlotte's Web is tonight! See you there!
does that mean someone ate at #vapianos!?
In life pick your battles that are big enough to matter but small enough to win.
Really dont feel like walking home right now
And, given the budget situation now, I wouldn't be surprised if they do cancel UTD once this contract comes due.
Not big on Valentines Day? Join TK for Anti-Valentines Day. Come enjoy our Happy Hour specials and treat yourself to a Stupid Cupid!
Rome wasn't built in one day...
Nice article! What is your take on Social Media in education ?
More like
I love gingers I don't care what anyone says.
needs to study. finish script n im done.
” — Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
Workout tonight at #planetfitness got me but it will be worth it ...
Why is following Booboo page now. Well some are celebs.. Lol. Follow me (:
you're mr. Twitter today!
we had a great time ! Hope to do it again!!!
also if you have any suggestions on Nnamdi please comment. Our writers are welcome to discussions.
Tanning for 5 hours :]. Im super dark .
Last night was amazing! Cant wait to rock my hawk Nelson tshirt
Laertius Diogenes~ I am a citizen of the world.
#MyCelebCrushIs and my dreams well it's to meet him.<3 I love Cody Simpsonn.<33
i just want to be in my own bed rite abt nw!!
Still a #South8Native Wouldn't Change were I was Raised its part of who Iam
Thanks SO much for the mention. How are you today?
Day one of marching band? Success. :)
You get to smell like an old person early. What's not awesome about that?
hahaha keep that kid away from me
thinking we need to go to #victoriassecret for some new #broncosapparel yay #football has finally started!!!
That answer should be obvious but with how shoddily the rest of the program was setup who the hell knows.
At the improv watching todd glass 8-)
Here's a bit of May Day advice: skip Leonard Cohen's version of Solidarity Forever. It won't inspire you to do anything but but mope.
Damn right I got it
Just 2 more weeks....
Just gotta keep pushing
Just got paid...Friday night! Oh Lord, I better write this tithe check right now before it gets missing! :-)
did you get it off any videos ?
Share your favorite summer time memory with us on this snowy day!
Eric, I also highly rec Billy T Jones' "Fondly Do We Hope, Fervently Do We Pray" project - breathtaking & enlightening.
That mixtape looks dope as hell excited to check it out =) ILL
Always a bad sign when you look at the weather radar & it's just all blue. Not so excited to drive out to Palatine today. Eeks.
#FF My sassy little mama from Wisconsin, even though she should strongly consider relocating east
Yes! RT like a flashmob, pancakes. Still there's art in it.
I like your taste in music, right on.
RT : is opening it's #membership to the public for 2012! IT'S FREE and packed with all kinds of
when i entered LOVE I Saw Ariana Grande Try
thanks :) now that you mention it, my shoulder is a little painful... #justkiddin ;)
Shabbat Shalom Everyone - Congratulations to the class of 2012 !
#BlackMamaQuotes: Boy If you don't sit yo black ass down somewhere. Hell you gon run my damn blood pressure up !
Only one day away from "Mambo De Leon" Live Saturday 9pm Hotel Ballroom! Get your tickets now! Call 402.213.9200!
Yep, knew that but explaining the process to patrons is another thing. It really should be in the amazon app store. Tx tho!
And how come freddy never wore pants?
Funny I'm getting resistance against my statement about hope. I say it's not what drives successful people to take action
ok I got you at school tomarrow!
What type of art are you looking for?
So excited to get these goodies in the mail today from ! So ready to #SweatPink in #SanDiego! :)
lol shit it's not hard!!
New York City!!!! Colonial House Inn is now on board Diversity Platinum!
| Time to reconnect and follow-up per our last meeting!
You getting back on the bike in spring?
y'all both kings
I say YES- Go with the coffee!! It is Friday after all! RT To go get coffee, or to not go get coffee.. That is the question..
haha.. .dunno man. German efficiency?
Also, if you sign-up through the links on Bianca's blog, a portion of the sale will go directly to her!
RT : Wishing all of our followers a safe and happy Fourth of July!
and her ass better not say shit to me.
“: My script is troubling me at the moment. All I know is, doing nothing is not an option.” - couldn't have said it better!
I just poured mine, let me know when we're ready to take the first sip :)
Isabelle likes the margarita flavored slushies at Taco Bell. Tangy!!
I'm dammed if i do, I'm dammed if I don't. But I don't give a fuck 'cause i'm a beast, i'm an animal!!!
Thanks for the Follow! Where in NYC are you?
When in doubt, lick it out
up at 6 and the morning! and miss my #BEAUTIFUL girlfriend (:
is that in New York?
had our first #ballsmoment with linda the other day hahaha
I believe that was by far the shortest week of my life! Back to LA today! Definitely enjoyed my visit!
I finally decided that I'm going to unfollow people who seemingly only posts links to Twitter, and never have anything to say.
aww, best tweet.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you. lol
Agreed! RT : We had a chat on scheduling, I believe Dont schedule engagement,but its ok to schedule content
I'll be just inside Gate A, from 12:00 - 12:30 signing autographs. I even got a new card to sign this year. Come say hello!
Come find us on Twitter too!! Thanks for all the support, it is wonderful to see all the love and kindness for kids everywhere!!
Batman AA, taking it one step at a time...
Yum. Just tried a Skinny Water. Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...if I'm extra tweety you'll know why.
Sorry, I wasn't checking Twitter like I should have been earlier. It was thinning out by 6:30, did you find anyone?
nice chatting with you erin :)
loves Austin Pendleton's emails.
Still buzzing from great conference. Thnx for allowing me to meet f2f and present w/ the wonderful
hey, I miss you too <3
If Shaw got 3, Torres better get more - oh wait, the NHL owns the Coyotes, so ... $50 fine
and I already have our tickets!
Loving the new Lecrae album and that Sonny Sandoval is on it!
Put Johnny mnemonic at the Hawthorne Theater and Doctor Who at the Standard.
Thanks, Patrick. I'll be doing more of those, thanks to
Anglechroma at Bru Café (New Haven, 8pm tonight) -- Matt Weston (percussion), Carl Testa (upright bass, electronics), Dan Godston (trumpet)
Starting research for the next book...Text You for Teens.
Thx for the follow Lindsay. I noticed you mention Belmont & 12th S. Love that area!
This morning I'm in love with my lawyers, I'm closing & you sent me a "thank you" letter. Made my day. Made my day.
lol.. I couldn't help but sweat it out. But why am I back eating this stuff now as I type!!!:):) lol
The only comic I've picked up is the Avengers/X-Men one, but haven't had a chance to read it yet.
I've spent my day playing tennis, soccer, eating, being happy.
#iwonder what college will be like
Follow Back :)
it does but its a separate app its retarded
ok! Oh.... Different Tony!
LA's football team gonna be called the Magic?
Now if we could just find an oil-sheik to start a 2nd team, we could all get behind hating them.
Yay! Glad you're getting started, Melissa! So wish I was there at #AllWrite with you all!
..thank you so much for your continual support. We won't let you or anyone with a love for music down.
“There is no reason — no practical reason — for newspapers to survive.” -Jacek Utko, TED Talks speaker
Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend - KOLD-TV Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend KOLD-TV AP Entertainm
This bitch snorts one more time image throw my bookbag at her face
Feels like the day is going swiftly today. Good. Disappointed M's kids stole from his classroom while he was out at the dentist. Bad.
And for all that effort, election results still won't come close to "Ravens new uniforms" in terms of page views.
I'm sorry :( You'll still kick it's ass though
Only 3 more days til baseball! Got my tickets for the vs. opener.
Asian Defence News: Facebook addiction spoof
Umm…yes. RT : I actually love getting asked out on dates by people I don't even like. Love getting free food.
Indeed. Please wish Cash a happy birthday from all of us!
Rondo looks like Brady threading the needle with these dimes...
BUT I GOT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM NOWWW! BACK IN LINE BEFORE I BREAK THAT OFF AND KICK IT AROUND ON THE GROUNND!! -MAJOR PANYE
Just figured out that the seasonal beer is out!!!!!!
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
i really didn't wanna get out of my bed this morning..
Chair expresses desire to move through as many witnesses as possible before recessing at noon.
Wow. Just saw a crazy tweet and when I looked the guy up, he had 23,355 tweets. Congratulations crazy dude! Way to put your heart into it.
Our prayers continue to go out to our friends in Japan. Stay tuned for a special release supporting the devistation of the earthquake.
= Ben's House Probation. Sleep overs with 7 people=good. Stealing from my ever-expanding wardrobe=NO BUENO
You don’t have to be a big corporation to outsource
( ; haha your interesting
We build training and development programs to fit your needs, your circumstances, and your culture.
I must have maid written on my forehead. and honestly, how Do you manage to get so much hair Everywhere?
School lunch and the school bathroom <<
THAT'S how you do a 21st bday! If you need tips on where to go/what to do while in #Vegas, we'd be glad to help!
You got it! Thanks for playing along. :)
Hey , that Kindle Fire I ordered 9/28 has been sitting at FedEx for over two days. Get it here pronto or I’ll return it unopened…
2 weeks of Insanity left for me, then it's off to Hawaii before Beachbody Summit!
#INSIGHT 'how to style your choir for commercial market place opportunities' - "Master Class" w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
well like i said this morning another chance is gone but on the bright side theres July:) so excited
Strangely, the day is over for me. Spent. hoping for crazy dreams tonight.
sad sad sad but true true true. And it was in a class with 7 women of 8 total students!
Really good. Forgot how strong it was, until about 10 minutes after my first glass...
wow, that's commitment (all around-- the running, being nice, drinking in the am...)
RT : In #PR transparency is ideal. If u privatize some #socialmedia sites (e.g. #FB), make sure ur still searchable
Joel! please reply! we haven't spoken in a long time! I haven't been on twitter b/c of school haha : D
Looks like no #yankees tonight. Time to work a bit, hang with the kids, and get ready for the 7AM meeting and 9 AM lifting program!
it's almost as good as Trittico will be! Looking forward to having you play in our pool.
Yeah it is. I'll miss doing it.
So great of you - thanks!! Am reading at Syracuse Univ. April 25, then in NYC until 30th.
got some hard ass punchlines
Happy Birthday!
Much on my mind...
. just killed it on
do it, you'll feel smartlikea12 yr old. topic: lovelives and relate it to poker, call it normnorm, find interview 'victims'
I work in social media as well, so I totally understand! I absolutely love what I do because of the interactions I get to have. :)
"backup your information three ways" Paperless Agent Seminar
#PracticalSecurityTactics If you are blocking 11371 egress it's really hard to interrogate a PGP keyserver.
cherry pepsi ^.^
#YouCuteAndAllBut you need a serious attitude change.
Congrats, Troy! Will miss working with you.
Our forklift is working again! I'm sure this is a bigger deal to me than anyone on here, but I had to share :)
Follow Me??
We have to stop procrastinating, pretending that we have forever to do what we want to do and to be what we long to be.
Oh very cool! Yeah, we're finishing up college soon. That's one thing we're waiting on for recording- the semester to end!
don't come to campus yet, we are having a shelter in place, there is a gas leak, everyone is supposed to avoid the campus.
I learned the hard way that they all say the things you want to hear
what do you think could be done about the high employment rate among college graduates?
but other than that they're twins
Thanks for the follow
Everyday feels like a Friday for me..
we'll be there, take care of business. On to Pasadena
love you too man!
i really like ur head of hair O.O
passed Basic today! My day just went to a 10!
"the rejection letter [..] confessed that they were not able to watch every film" this happens & that's the worst part.
you know better, you do better!
Just found out iPhone 5 will have lefty flip. Sweet.
I follow you if you are in
One word of advice: draft your lesson in its near-entirety before putting it into CALI Author (if you haven't already)!
9920 is excited to now be tweeting!
12 hours until Marathon, FL... I assure you that there will be no running... and hopefully no Wi-fi :)
#TurnToYou got to my mom,becuase she is a single parent & she knows how hard it is,we used to have the same problems as you.<3
I'm about to shower.. you?
#spurs and #knicks lost today
3) Curatorial and bibliographic expertise are more visible, more important, and more widely distributed than before~
Freaking awesome. What episode? Also, thanks to I now have a TNG t-shirt
John Waters! We are still recovering from last night's event! Woo hoo. What a party. Thanks to all of those who made it happen! We heart u!
haha shut up. And okay nighty night!! :)
You have to work hard for what you want....nothing is given to you.
Ahh this weather is amazing! I hope it stays!
Today's hunt question will come from The Daily News, , go pick it up to win!
All ready for Game 7 WHL Finals. broke one streak last night, breaking 2nd tonight
yeah I'm fine.
I have three guys with ladder in my office working on the clicking that has slowly been driving me insane for the last 3 months. I <3 them.
Little girl just asked for books about "real" mermaids because they exist.
Love your photo, by the way. Always keep your eye on the ball.
toes? Idk about all that
#Gators freshman Taylor Burke claims the #SECTF women's high jump title. Congrats from the
See you Food Fight this Thursday!
Good morning tweeters
Suppose thats all i need
make sure to follow ! they will be doing a ticket giveaway within the next few days!
Job creation by #foodhubs needs to factor in potential job losses by traditional processors/distributors.
Honestly, when Texas loses, it feels like Republicans lose. I love it!
hey!! my name is Kayla too!! lol
Quick ass first half shit
All I gotta say is is EN FUEGO! see you on #HBO making movies! Let's go!
I Believe
what was the code?
Good point. I'm a mac user. Right now going towards Sprint (EVO) than At&t (iPhone) though.
State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges Prez/Congress to Focus on Children
lol wait what?
follow me back
GoodNight Everyone *kisses*
Yes. ": Should Facebook have an "Important" button in addition to the "Like" button? #activatenyc12"
I am the only one who actually uses
Finch, you magnificent bastard...
is an amazing man #truestory now let's get 1MillionForKevinJ pwetty pwease :(
CONGRATULATIONS TO So happy. Can't stop crying. Love them so much!
107 more followed till 1000 shout out for shout out? Xx account made for
thanks for the article on knee braces. It was very informative.
hahaha i cant believe we just pulled that off.
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
Officially the best lax team in the history of school. Top 5 team of any sport in history of school? Good debate to have...
Just pitched our mobile app - Reporta - with the crew and our new .gov friends
beautiful, funny and incredible. I love u so so much♥.
RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BRITTANY. I'M PROUD OF U// aww thank u! That means alot!!
at the Mondrian we are showing the game
Here's a little secret about ..... His birthday is this week!!!!! Stay tuned to find out when it is.
Emergency vehicles rolling to a reported crash on NW Cornelius Pass Rd between Hwy 30 and Skyline Blvd.
you should change your twitter handle to
Attn LADIES: We are now offering make up airbrushing! Book with Ana today!! 221.7043 Just $55 for the month of December!
LOL. Lots of Advil, yes, and I was thinking a little psychoanalysis might help (of the knee of course). ;)
// Thanks for sharing! Good read on #teamwork and its importance.
it's a pretty nice feeling when Peter Stalleybrass is giving talks on your dissertation topic. Maybe I'm on to something?
Tonight 6pm est Special conference call with Call 760-984-1000 Code
NO grrrri ha school but for my school ends at 3 #BORING lolz
How you doing today?
Closed SHORT $AUDUSD for +9 pips profit; 12% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
Life is difficult.
They probably also think "I may have done some stupid things, but I would have never done that."
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man
Eddie Royal is a nice pickup. Will he be returning kicks this year?
wowowow. I'm already getting excited to see what she's got planned for Pride.
#Infamous :) Yep, should be good ! <3 Abandon All Ships :)
yeah, I get that a lot
Glad to see get a Herald byline today. Joins my staff writers, and who freelance for the Herald as well.
... is your ticket still available?
Threw super bowl party in work - patriot balloons adorn my cube. Damn, I feel like Dilbert.
Enter our Twitter contest & win $100 giftcard to Oz! Follow us and tweet 'I love '.Winner chosen Nov. 30th!...
RT : Breaking News from : BGB Technology picks #Chesterfield for their 1st US facility
considering hiring as ghost tweeters
Saw you on FOX & your Lions/Lambs comment. Keep saying what we NEED to hear. You raise the leadership bar & your COURAGE LEADS!
I knew it!
check yo email
Home of the FREE...thanks to the BRAVE! Thank you #vets!
Today is the first day of spring! I see a future full of fanfare and color-blocking!
till you fall off lol
Soup of the day is Roasted Eggplant
morning srry im late
I hate to say I told you so, so... Welcome to Miami!
RT : RT : What does it take to implement 6m sq ft of #BIM at one of the US' largest medical centers?...
Well thank u. :)
Did you learn that raptors are impervious to forcefields?
And I am just praying for you in general! :)
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future. ~ Charles Kettering
You'll miss 100 per cent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky
RT While I deplore bigotry toward same sex couples I WOULD support a ban on the nauseating marriages depicted in Kay Jewelry ads
- Sounds like a blast! Have a great weekend!
2 Blonds walk into a bar and the bartender asks "whats the occasion?" One Blond says we finished a puzzle box in 2 weeks it said 2-3 years"
That price shows the upside of mult position ability and the downside of desperation....
Disturbing? Yes. Shocking? No. RT The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs... Disturbing.
And don't forget Sveum was a favorite of Tom Trebelhorn's in the late 80s.
Piece by piece, my car will be brand new by the end of the year...and I will be broke
that's going to change soon. Love you god bless you and may god keep you good night😘
hahhaha pretty good era last year too .... however losing 7 games is not acceptable for a reliever
just splurged...on a new pair of saucony running shoes.
Snowing in Summit County, again...
We went to someone's house for lunch (peeps u both know but we havent seen in awhile) & of course there was dessert..z
RT YOU KNOW A NIGGA DISLIKE THEIR JOB WHEN AFTER AN 8 HR SHIFT THEY SPEND 5 HRS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER JOB • LMFAO !”
TEXT ME SOMETIME.
Employee discount only if you took out a Macy's credit or prepaid card. No thanks.
Social login makes it easy to personalize content and product recommendations
i love u
''Die Young" video does touch you if you've dealt with bullying. True message man.
who ARE the rizzle sticks???
Hope you picked some tasty treats for the fam!
Likeng women that keep them legs close n smiles glow
Yeah buddy, hair cut time..!!
We will keep you & your family in our thoughts & prayers during this tough time. Hang in there. ^bt
Etsy sales are picking up! :)
New York here I come
What's it take to be happy anymore
S/O to I thought this was the spot on center st... But still cool
24 carat gold means pure gold. (18 carat is 75% pure and 12 carat is 50% pure)
sell, tell, & tag
You're very welcome, so glad you could join us! cc:
EAT MY SHORTS! ((Bart Simpson Voice))
The military angle didn't call to me. I think many undergrads need to be reminded that they don't know as much as they think they do.
Glad that my is on the cutting edge developing serious Pinterest presence
God is amazing! I promise
If you love someone, let them know or else watch them be happy with someone else.
RT : To win, you must first believe.
I'm jealous! Huge Museum Lab fan here! RT Great afternoon with friends from Louvre DNP Museum Lab; they do such fascinating...
I think my spirit animal is bacon.
oh you fucking know it
Farm Aid 2011 at #LSP was named the Event of the Year by ! Thanks to everyone for your support!
I bet they are thinking that about a lot of teams
oh that does suck! :/ when are you having surgery?
“ Sean is such an ass”
Highly Favored!
yeah that's fine:)
its a very beautiful morning so happy that god woke me up to see this
And we are proud of you!
Kick off in 20 minutes!
funny and fucked up thing is theses niggas are gettin on.....IDK
Correction: "it's a black persons funeral"
you deserve to get followed by !
DM me your email address and I will get further information sent ASAP, thanks!
so pretty!<3
Noticed this on ejournals page: Most requested ejournals- New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA, the Lancet, Nature, Science
so did Lebrons mom...
and you as well :)
German hot dogs are amazing. Loving today!
i love your sister
Off to the dentist we go~
Thanks for following along on Twitter, Bob! Look out for blog updates from and (and maybe, Susan, too).
I pride myself on being a man, but at times you must put your pride to the side and be a man..
ain't no rest for the wicked.
i love when bands add a nice string section at shows. it makes their music sounds so beautiful live
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Hey Kevin, I can check with people that handle that stuff...shoot me a DM with an email.
Charlie Sheen is sticking it to the man!
Got a reverse squeeze scuba divine today :(
S/o to for this delicious blow pop!!!!
I'm definitely a Bob Marley fan, but over the years not so much... he's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Jamaican
I'm interested in an early invite. My username is drwhitney. Thanks!
I cooked last night so my DH could have leftovers for lunch. I just tried eating for breakfast and it does not taste awesome.
We have some great parties lined up next week to end the year with: Cinco de Mayo at Valhalla and Beer Ball on Friday!
real talk. try living in chicago and having to hear about how "AMAZING!" the lineup is this year. barf.
Sundays go by way too fast.
what it do pimp! Whatever happened to "wheelspin?"
Make sure you take the time to just relax and/or have some fun!
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
I hate when parents share at you like youre a bad kid
All hope is lost
To breakfast, or not to breakfast....
i've always liked "i'll be" by edwin mccain but hearing the acoustic version makes me like it all over again! thank you pandora :)
Years ago, when I went to see a 10pm showing of Hellboy, there was a toddler sitting in front of me. I was horrified.
also pipecleaners? fun! walk around dollar store for something: toothpicks, flat marbles, crackers, tiny silk flowers
wats up bro
I know, right? Maybe that HER experience. Certainly not the majority's.
Bowling couldn't survive without the high five.
I found a baby armadillo by the side of the road, nurtured him back to health,now lives under my bed and his name is Felix
Know your audience: paper or electronic thank yous
You do great work! Games are fun to follow because of people like you.
thats too funny...
So you know hat would be perfect is if this rumor as true, that you follow your fans:)
Braun went 0-5 on opening day. Even so he is hitting .385 with a few doubles and a bomb.
Fake Friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Wow P&G. Commercials don't often make me want to cry, but that....that was close.
Good morning Ant!!! :) RT : there you go again smh
Closer to my dreams
Up early to finish my paper for class. It`s not due until 2:30, so I think I have enough time to get it done.
RT : HALFTIME: Vote for your favorite #mubb-era jersey, support scholarships and win an authentic, game-worn jersey:...
According to Google maps I will be under 2 hours away in Frankfurt.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
I saw a person who looked like Justin beiber and I seriously could not tell if it was a guy or a girl #truestory ! Lmao
Mental strength = not cutting ur workouts short! Your only cheating urself!
now can you define "soon" for me please!
Yesterday, post-evolution. I'll bring Clifton back when/if the Phils stop making me sad:(
No wonder I don't listen to the radio....smh lol
What's the breed?
How unreal? worth $? constant inner battle re: reissues “: Just received the my bloody valentine reissues and they sound unreal!!”
Anyway today this girl thought I had a sew in ....like my hair does not look fake , its just healthy smh
Ericka weak af to me... I don't like her
Had to chew out this gurl in my pe class, she felt the need to answer, when no one asked her hate
No more "Too Big To Fail" in our country.
about to head over to Carrie Secrist Gallery to set up for today's Lady Rollins performance. Starts at 2, goes till 4!
we go to the park for the P.E and my friend asked him his name! and I asked him for his numberxD
follow me austin mahone please
take pics! :D
LOVE your new single!! So awsome :)
Nf# , love her tweets :-)
Well, she did have a very pointy black beard and mustache...
"nothing to do" means you've already masturbated a few times obvs.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Eat an apple with your breakfast. It's just as effective as coffee, but better for you.
I had a blast too thanks for being such a good friend:)
Middle East is not calming down anytime soon. Syria. Libya. Yemen. Places where fighting is going on. Gas prices going up again?
Hocking co coroner confirms 4 shooting deaths here off rte 664. Here working to get more info for 11p
Donate your old towels to a local animal shelter,clear room in the house & give a furry friend a soft place to rest
blink-182 cancelled their Rochester show because their drummer had a tonsillectomy, and 's drummer plays here with a broken leg.
Writing policies for crime and terrorist watch program
I feel like im falling for the wrong people...😳😔😓😞😒
I am so bored...wish I was almost done with work...been here 10 hours at least I'm half way done
haha i know, i had to quick change for work right after rehearsal! i couldn't help it 😔
The Govt must apologise to the Muslim community over Dambulla ...
Spread the word! The Frantic gets you LAID! RT : is the reason im in a relationship... probably :)
See, the opposite is true. It's Almost Summer!
Country music in the clinic today. Nice Change!
that person just makes me laugh. :D
For now On My Twitter Account Will Be Deleted!!!
Awesome .....let's just say it is in the works...www.RockTheGorge.org...maybe we could do a rafting festival all week what u think ...
I would be the one to misplace my homework
Since when is sliding into first base common practice?!
After some intense city driving I have made it and am seeing Words cannot express how fucking pumped I am
Love my family and all the amazing connections, I get to meet the best of the best.
This man acts like he was just a sperm donor, not a father and husband.
Facebook me @ Anthony Starks,Skype At Mr.Moss,DamnFoolz.com Comin Soon.(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Nothing Less Than A Suit And Tie)
It's my mom's birthday today ! i love you so much mom :)
I totally agree. And scary, too!
YEE again 1080 followers I love them
Every time I bite into a Cadburry Creme egg I'm hoping there is a real egg yolk in there one day.
new Frankie's TIKI MUG will be available at the bar Friday at 6pm
Big upset or another win by the best team $$ can buy? BSM over Edina...
Good morning AM Tweeps! Roads are wet, drizzle, Let's get this day started 5-7am ! We're up and at it !
looking for connections to BC Canada.
We just ran through the set we're going to do @ MOBfest. Grab your tix @ www.chicagomobfest.com. It's gonna be massive, folks. Can't wait!
The SNL commercial spoof of that is hilarious.
Also that it's time to break out the white jeans ;) Happy Easter, sweetie!
S/O to the ford's for having me for the whole weekend! Hahaha
My cat loves my sewing habit; I create so many wonderful things for the little bastard to shed all over.
San Fran warped tour. That's the one we r going to together, correct
I realised MD is such a boring state
Letting go of some People in my Life before I go to Jail
Now and then life generates a full spectrum review of where u r Learn from past. Change bad to good. Forgive those that judge and go with it
I said in another Tweet that you were inciteful. Sorry, I meant...insightful! (ever do that? arrrrggghh!) Anyway, THX so much!
hey,Dez tweet me, I am really bored
we are a sports starved town and we jump on success so quickly and we are a passionate fan base too
DesignerTimes Thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to get my first Mac laptop. I know I'm one of the last standing with a dell but the fight is over.
i screamed when i heard they had actually made a scream 4 like the kid in home alone.
Joel Stave looked solid today for Wisconsin. Took No.1 reps this afternoon.
Theres a guy next to me with an animal print scarf
Thank You! :)
I love it when someone tries to hold my baby she quickly turns and grabs on to me shaking her head for no:)
what part of the country u in now?
In the mood for a good #chess match.
The safest place is the whole wide world , is in the will of God!
Cook hopes to regain Vikings teammates&#39; trust
favorite city to visit?
A belated congratulations on your new position!
everyone on san Francisco to safe! was there a earth quake ?
they took those sticks out their ASS!!!!!
what does smjk stand for? did i miss something big?
haha yea..... ill get on thtt. Mines gonna be soo bad.
loves the buildup!
fuck my pussy and by the way can you make me squirt?
Finally home… Been @ scuu 4 the longest
Your expressions are reality TV gold!
Killed a spider at work. That means I can go home, right?
Do I really deserve that title? Haven't cooked much lately. Of course, it's food wife, not chef wife, right?
No excuses...no apologies song is stuck in my head for some reason....oh boy oh boy the irony
the more times I try on this dress, the more I hate it... but it ain't the dress's fault :-(
Scott Walker sponsored right to work for less legislation in 1993. If he wins, right to work is coming. He said so himself
many a great artist and writer found #HappyHour to solve most problems with other humans
I run in the Vibram Five Fingers sprint version..ran 2 half marathons and 1 full marathon in them...what are your favorite running shoes?
happy birthday<3 and happy new year
I know I love Parks and Rec. But shit is messed up when fictional TV govt officials are more upright than actual elected officials
"and I should have kissed you goodnight" ❤
“: Happy Mothers Day!” #mytwitterpal pen pals don't exist any more it's all about "twitter pals" LOL ;)
aol news. Duh.
ON THE MOVE-LPL Financial lands $560 mln adviser team
damn i am just loosing followers lol thats funny
My phone died and I don't have my charger. My bad.
Well its just a sign of the times that I already thought they had access to in the first place.
RT : In school we watched The Interrupters and I thought it was going to be boring. My WHOLE perspective changed after seeing it
It's Virginia Archives Month! Special events are happening at many archives, & VSU archives is going to be at ASALH in Richmond on the 6th!
Wow, the stats for the Manchester City game are crazy. 44 shots, 15 on goal. 81% possession. Still down 1-2 at the end of 90.
I'm OK. Had a nice day with my parents yesterday. Saw The Avengers, which is great!
They're bringing the F-35! That my friends is bad ass.
Have a good night, Christi. Early
walked into in Eagle Rock and learned that they were sold out of the Beakers LP. That's something I never thought I'd see!
REGIS U THE BEST.. GIRL I NO THATS Y IM ON YO CHEST
When you're expecting the world to be kind and generous, that's usually when you get sodomized a la 'Deliverance'
Thanks so much! Excited to get there! Still a few weeks left before we arrive. :)
2011: 4 game sweep #Packers over #bears www.arethepackersundefeated.com
RehabCare Announces Definitive Agreement to Merge with Triumph Healthcare.
I am in the Convention Center
RT : Happy Revenge of the Fifth! day 2!
We are indeed. Head up Pan American east from Montgomery and we are before Jefferson.
"I have discovered a thousand ways not to make a lightbulb." - Thomas Edison
yeah it's pretty sweet we even have team jerseys no big deal...
By learning to be unafraid of conflict, we keep in better touch with the realities of life, creation and business
Anyone going to The Yellow Rose Fiber Producers show next weekend??
Dont be sorry for me just be there for me .
Very interesting, look forward to digging into your work re the NGS
is the #hyperlib website down for anyone else?
tonight has been very special
Take a shot for me.
'Cause the good die young.
Tuesdays can be so dull sometimes. In order to spice it up a bit & start a lil' conversation, what's your fav dish from ?
Aware of both of them...partially b/c of them I'd like to see more that argues tightly from the Aristotle's texts.
This sounds good. What's up?
I'll win.
Another reason I'm moving there post-grad RT Find hillsides lined with aspens shimmering in gold and red hues here: bit.ly/oncvV7
Hey i'll have a very merry christmas if you would so kindly follow me :)
(FWIW, it was a pretty huge influence on my book, The End Games. Haven't seen the movie yet, though.)
Guess I'm not cynical enough. You've ruined all my illusions about myself.
Fudruckers for late mothers day dinnaaaa
Children of the Corn is one weird ass movie
tom & jerry was the shit bak n da day!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
that is the worst ...
serious: I'm thinking of doing this for workshops next school year. Can we find a common platform...
lol lol that makes me laugh every time
“: Why do they call it the wonder bra? When you take it off you wonder where her tits went”
Greatest horse name ever: "God Knows Who." Why? Santa Anita announcer: "And they're off, and God Knows Who is in front."
good stuff? glad to have you in!
Some dude named Valdespin just made his 1st #MLB hit a 3 run go ahead homer in the 9th off of Papelbon.
thank's for follow me ;)
hoping to look in the mini fridge and find something to drink so i don't have to go downstairs..
got excited b/c i logged into and thought i was witnessing a private performance...prerecorded. damnit.
Hiking Gear Review Camelbak Alpine Explorer Backpack- hiking backpack
Happy Thursday Encore Friends! Have you made plans for this weekend?
Wow! on certainly doesn't mince words. I'm glad that Susan Jacoby is bringing historical context to the debate.
The class I hardly attended and never studied for the tests and I end with an "A" as my final grade
being a huuge fan of #PLL finding out who A is disappointing
> what i know is that I am uber busy with Instruction and face2face Reference.
Give my love to all, Ray.
Congrats on the new record release. So happy and proud of you guys. Love your tunes so much <3.
WTF IS GOIN ON RIGHT NOW IN GREENSBORO,NC ... THIS SHIT.CAME OUTTA NO WHERE...
Great! Thanks, we are now following the real UNM HSC!
I wish I had a
We are about to put up our new music video for "We Were the Kids". Hope you guys are excited!!
dm Can I speak with the Whitehouse about a significant public/private sector plan to improve education at no/low cost to America
Admit it, when you get sad about a break up you listen to I Miss You. Don't lie.
Good character chemistry in SAFETY NOT GUARANTEED, with some really funny lines, but overall a lackluster romantic screwball comedy.
Graduation is only a concept. In real life every day you graduate. Graduation is a process that goes on until the last day of your life.
We are really in Love with eachother! シ
Happy Birthday dude! From the USA! :) Have a great one dude! :)
My grandpa is drinking old style light. think I'm going to have to join him
Definitely rockin the GREEN AND WHITE TODAY
Awesome quotes! Keep up the great work!
who doesnt is the question?!
Our first service project is also THIS WEEKEND!!
Twitter Censorship Move Sparks Backlash: Is It Justified?
idk, got nothing planned
The iMac blew the Mac Pro (2,1) out of the water. Pretty amazing. They really need to beef up the Pro line...
I don't think we need a face/ambassador/spokesperson, I think we need organization. Refresh does great for their own events...
Hey Bentley! Don't prove urself to anyone. Stick with the people that will support u, not cut u down. :)
Things will always get difficult sometimes, just know you got to enjoy the ride and everything will fall into place.
#cautious, #optimistic, #beenfeelinggood. Ha classic statement by
hey could of been worse she could have caught a #elbow ... Lol
Think $20 is too much for a bottle of shampoo? You don't need to use a lot of the good stuff.
Watching the Oscars at a loud sports bar is a special kind of hell.
Love what you are doing! Happy Mother's Day!XO
thanks for your service! How you'll be back this fall.
Hi Richard, check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com for a great climbing article about Everest/Lhotse. Pass it around.
Although I find her tweets about her ex BFF effing hilarious, I find the non response and pure disregard from the ex BFF even MORE HILARIOUS
Nope. Advertising.
It's like they want him to fail and fuel the "anti-tiger" fire.
that's good, where do you work now?
you were expecting anything less?
Anne speaks the truth RT : dumb ass decisions make the world go round. #keepmakingthem!
Headed to Seattle for a week in June, what should I do there?
Testing installer customizations - on a slow machine.
Thanks ! Excited to share some of your awesome Croatian and Hungarian wines with my customers this month!
When your grade is a full letter grade higher than expected. SCORE!
I was part of a record crowd for a UK Hoops game. 14508. Apart of history!
About What.? RT : I had wanted to tlk to yu
Looking forward to a great 2012 w/ my fellow flacks
Eating japanese food made me happy today.
if you only knew how much I had a crush on
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would be pregnant with his babies on day 2 with the relationship (;
very interesting 😉
#Appletv - Play with #Hulu instead to get me as a customer
Super excited about the house I just looked at in FS. Can't wait to move back, #Indy!
but i lay there in the dark and dont talk to anyone and thats not what youre doing
no matter how long you wish that things will always be happy and gay all the time life throws you for a loop. but that's life and living.
Do you think Ariana would look cuter with Niall, Zayn, Carlos, or Logan? :3
:'( aw I jst lost a follower
…✧ Mac Miller Go hard ✧…
Lively night in the neighborhood. Domestic brought out half of TU's security force and TPD.
Talked to my godson on the phone and it made my day
don't open the direct message. our account was hacked into. we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Oh Yea This is the Final 2 days to Get your Christmas Presents Out for Christmas, and the Order keep coming in!
what happened?
Business Opportunity: See p. B-5 of the #WSJ for our #BoBNow Ad!
It's not letting me sign in at all. I get the "service is not available" bullcrap.
Thanks, , for highlighting on Unsung Baltimore!
Congratulations on your Huffington Post piece. I really enjoyed reading it.
So stoked I'm booking another recurring role on the Nick Show Kroll this week! I love the whole cast and crew there! Yippee!
I will say it again to all of you...WELCOME TO HEAVEN MY FRIENDS!
Love is a sweet tyranny, because the lover endureth his torments willingly.
Go #49ers! You had a little nervous for a minute there!
Thank you to for so graciously showing us around Gibson Guitar Town Orlando. We had a blast!
Touche' Cakes! We create custom diaper cakes any size, any size diaper or pull up and theme /ToucheCakes
Hello world!
Off to Chicago for ICLS. I'm still sort of on Europe time, and even I'm getting worn out from this latest travel stretch.
Wow. thanks for the mention.. :) You too.
Lol at "angry bird brows"
Gig in Whitehouse tonight. All you can eat tacos..
Thanks - we'll look into it.
is there a set time for it?
Check out out
I thought the sky was space. Everything over our heads is space.
Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marines! We are proud and honored for all that you do!
All I see is lyrics on my timeline.
Remember when you got 3,000 but now 80,000, that's a lot. We're growing. Proud to be one.
Hey Mick , great stuff w/Tony Clark interview.
IKR THAT'S HOW RELATIONSHIPS END WHEN YOU PUT EVERYBODY IN YOUR BUSINESS
Candljack was h
Note To Self: While at gym, do not suggest to newcomers that they may change the channel...especially if mid-50s. Stuck watching Fox News.
I wonder if we have school tomorrow the snow days seem a lot like x mas break but without swim practice
no problem :) yes, but you're still more amazing.
A new foot scrubby name coming" soon" in my new website Called .. "I Toe ya So! Can ya guess what scent it is?????
My great nieces motivate me to keep going... their smiles are so innocent & genuine.
Y.O.C.O You Only Cute Online
McNabb felt disrespected way benched.....GIVE ME A BREAK.....gotta win games to stay on the field lad !!!!
& my 2 fav singers of all time remaking the song that impacted my life OMG... I think my heart stopped
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon?? I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!!!!
my sister made up a song about food.wow...need more coffee.
SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: Mark Sultan (BBQ of King Khan & BBQ Show) at Blue Note Lounge Tuesday, May 29th! Details coming soon!
“: #HowToKeepAGirlHappy give her your clothes so she can sleep in them.” AMEN. 🙏🙌
We will be able to cross the river! THANKS RT : Can you cross the river? Tysons has a serious lack of good convenient food
But I'm very happy that you do exist, !
Rocking day interviewing the Editor of Eff Magazine! So excited! Check back for a video blog!
i'm a bit slow when replying emails... sorry
"Think I gotta crush"
@ lol You totally did in fact. But I want you to know I did read the article. :)
RT Still cautiously optimistic about the cap holding on the spilling oil. Fingers crossed everybody
#catiie conference is a huge success. Thank you for those who attended my challenge based learning presentation.
bitch call me!
This organic yogurt and rice bar is basically a "healthyfied" rice krispies treat. Baby best enjoy it now. It's the last one he's getting.
So.. Your gfriends have boyfriends all of a sudden and forget about everyone else? This blows.
woah woah woah. groceries is too far! I love groceries.
thanks babe :)
There are not 8000 ppl giving $25. Ward races cost $200k. Disadvantage goes to CM or candidates who represent the poor! Its a trick!
cant stop thanking about her <3
follow me, i follow back ! (:
"You don't always get what you want" is a good effing song.
I have the best friends ever.
What do you call distrust for talking heads of #Psychology? In principle you quacks murder men, women,children with your poison.
lol..ok..I'm just here..
Communications director for county executive Chris Abele. Needed a change and it's a great job.
i never really had luck
this is the best sabres game ive seen in awhile
love you too sis!! Make sure you come he tmrw so we can go out to eat.. gettin tired of these microwaveable dinners lol
Good point, I'm sure they can make up some rules, add variances, and even compete in 2 or 3 man teams. Again, great shares!
quit and restart your browser :)
Stephen Colbert for President of the United States of South Carolina!
Happy 16th B'day to my daughter Abrielle today!!
This is why I can't go to sleep before midnight. I end up waking up at 4am and can't go back to bed.
Spike Ball!!!!
I tried to get him to be more specific but couldn't get any more than I did.
Hi, Les! Are you in London?
I'm a 90's baby that doesn't have a baby! Perks to sparking no one's interest until 20 teenage pregnancy avoided! haha
Excited to hear about the history of Jewish printing - thanks to Columbia's Book History Colloquium.
He does look like a Bee gee! Lmao..Spicy too/
"Because I've always been this way" is the worst reason to keep doing something. Have the courage to evolve.
My wife has our boys in their Manningham jersey's today *sigh*
That tends to happen a lot :) RT : I think he's still reeling from post #sobcon euphoria.
Pamper yourself
Who's going to slice night tonight?
fly fight and win cuz
Too much birthday fun this weekend, can't stay awake for the #Brewers game on tv - time to listen to Ueck while I fall asleep.
If May showers bring flowers, what does July rain bring?
RT : i really hate it when people beg .
When you cry off your own fiction while proofreading like something went down for real, you are on the right track. Keep going.
im sry, ill be nice. :)
six straight 3 & outs. gosh, I wonder why the crowd's booing.
C'ing EVIL N WHAT APPEARS ON SCREEN UNDER MY NAME =A TRANSLATION OF REALIZING WHAT PRE-EXISTED N YOUR MIND B4 READING; DON'T BLAME da MIRROR
Good morning beautiful hope all is well with you your new friend ?
lol your invited!
RT : Okay :) RT : I am about to tweet of picture of Keri Hilson hair.
OMG i forgot about this pic haha yea it is about to get real
At another wedding. Its so lovely. Then to Salvi's for dinner!!
: it's "the SteanWater"
RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery & Juice Bar is NOW OPEN! Offering vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free options.
The ol nap in the car at lunch...I feel much better.
Still waiting to see if is uploading today. In the mean time, I'll be playing Glow Doodle Fall. <3
follow and please :D x53
Gary Life.
WOW just experienced the loveliest free yoga class led by Tyrone Beverly tonight at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science!
Today's events to prep for #dctrip09 : Interview & pix w/ Wichita (KS) Eagle (www.kansas.com). Clean van. Start loading.
how u doin boo!
I'm the President! (And Don't You Forget It!)
2 hours on hold ...has United gone dark? ;-)
Twitter is my morning newspaper!
Is it normal that I'm still recovering from sensation?
ing does not even begin to cover it. Thanks for the tip!
woohoo I'm following you!
it does make dc more hipster.
Something wrong with your car? Let us help on your auto maintenance through the internet.
Spend as much time as you can with family. More precious than gold.
thanks for your help today!
History Channel owns the rest of my summer
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. Raymond Lindquist
#Loex2012 I like how interactive the presenters are #PollEverywhere #cellphones I am surprised they allow texting in class
Everyone go wish 's sister, , Congrats on her engagement to !! I'm so happy for you guys!! <3
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow tickle fight ;-)
Your a stripper..I'm a stripper/Gorgeous queen..& Aubrey's the same but she's the head queen
thank you so much! and please do :)
-great scent and you also are without harmful chemicals on your body and scalp !
ermmm the link does not work
not seein me with the bars
fun day with cassy ! now i gotta go to a grad party :)
On tinychat with and and a bunch of others so funny... So much fun :) love you guys!
Just finished a pretty long test>.< I feel accomplished (:
what is this "if Erin ever goes on vacation again" business? do u know something I don't?
Time to say my prayers... Buenas noches.
she's making a second coffee to asuage the rage, but I am not sure caffine will help.
what movie you see ?
UGH! So pissed!!!
Shan better tell me what we gone do before I get in my mood
Attending AIA Chicago's Small Projects Awards reception at Architectural Artifacts.
There is absolutely no reason for you not to be happy.....
ha, i rather not say on the "interrwebs." but yeaah. c: haha.
some people don't know love..fear and anguish is their ruler...lost minds
what is this world coming to when a beautiful girl like you is never complimented ;)
Stop chasing the wrong things. Give the right things a chance to catch up with you.
Performance Auditions arent about acting. They are about connecting.
it's like my seventh or eighth time changing it.seriously i'm running out of password ideas.
Live acoustic video of our song "Make it Right" coming soon...
always forget how short looks on TV... ;)
Confirmed it again. I hate smartphone screen protectors. Fortunately, these were cheap.
ovechkin goes head hunting, no suspension.
Do you guys own the 16mm prints of the Brakhage films?
You're welcome!
text the word NYACTION to 30644 and add your name to the electronic petition calling on New York State to make cancer a top priority
That's about as romantic as Britney Spears in a gas station bathroom with bare feet. Lol
he can't even get the videos right and he's making major decisions for the NHL it's the shaw video
love jamming, great mood Happy Valentine's Day to all Muah!
kidding Karaoke night!!
": The #Lakers Gone Beat #Okc... So Get Ready To Go Home #Thunder Fans".....bo!!!! Durant gone take that win!
Glad you like it! 80% of my clients have been web related this year- I'll be free in a couple of months- DM me if you like :)
Hanging out at Hard Rock casino.
All of our Seiko watches are 50% off! It would be a great #ValentinesDay gift for him or her!
Loving and his awesome high school mascot
shut up nigga I'm getting my body back right lol
You say YOLO and are serious about it to me, you're getting punched in the face.
If you forget the way to go, and lose where you came from, if no one is standing beside you, be still and know I am.
It's #NationalFrenchToastDay Missed it for breakfast, but maybe for dinner?
1st saw him as Sunnydale mayor, but feel lucky to have seen Harry Groener onstage in Chicago twice in the past year.
“: $1.3 trillion: The amount of our debt held by China. #MONEYnumber” Scary number!
That's nice of you! I've left mine at the gym twice this week but I've been lucky and remember it 5 min. later. - Bryan
Came to the Warp/Brainfeeder showcase for some sternum rattlin'; Starkey is obliging.
Once saw a movie with only 2 other people in the place.
I hate being sick. Feel better
Ladies poll: how many of you have spare underwear hidden in random compartments of your car? This can't just be me.
We're headed over to the Y on 33rd Street for the Walk for Maryland's Children! Registration begins at 8. Beat the rain with Family Fun!
Apparently I'm channeling my inner Vulcan today with my hair & makeup. I like it. Go
This is my club paradise.
Just tried the awesome juice from here!!! Loved the cashew mylk and the greens :-)
Mention me
"That nasty sex talk , rough sex , body's sweating , lip biting , neck sucking & nails deep in my back type of sex >>>” !!!
Lightly used luxury: Pre-owned handbags are hot sellers
Congrats to my good buddy ol pal for 1 month without chew
better send me that workout regiment, I was dead ass
Even though it's 9:45 am sushi sounds really good right now
was hoping to be there by now. Turns out it wasn't in the cards.
With about to watch
Oh, darling. Please believe me, I'll never do you no harm.
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
That little check mark by your Twitter name means 'Verified Asshole', yeah?
yes yes I do! listening to it right now!
follow me and share me and i'll do the same :D
Finally seen after a billion years of her hiding from me, & twitterless Britt! >.<
Sadly, you've been supplied with lots of content lately re: NOLA crime.
Looking forward to discussing the evidence for your claims..=)
Same!!! I can't wait till next year!!
Sully's got the Kobe face going early in the game!
We have two minutes left... Are you really starting a new song?
do it
Suddenly less intelligent.
I saw we're trading 21. Hm
I so wouldn't mind checking out the movie #DarkShadows this wknd #JohnnyDepp Even Evey says she wants 2 see it but I think its 2 much 4 her.
hi x
You can't see the world through a mirror.
What if other museums got rid of labels like ? Intrigued by how visitor experiences would change...
I really wanted that job too. I thought I could handle it too. But I guess it wasnt meant to be. OH well. Need some whisky. with
#NBA is celebrating MLK Day with games all day and all the players are wearing special black and gold sneakers. lets get a win!
My dad finishing work now! Better pretend I'm studying lol! #imAGoodStudent! (;
Thanks Mark!
#THATCamp_SE was cool last year. Looks like the next one isn't very far away. May have to check it out again.
It is raining, the #Brewer game is not televised, and the #Packers released Nick Collins
First time I have ever heard of a flight delayed because they had to borrow more seatbelt extenders from another airline. God bless America.
I am so excited about our new band, All The Little Pieces! Lots of talented musicians!
Just when u thought it was safe in a common place...
Hey lit mags: have you registered for your table at the Houston indie book fest yet?
It's snowing back home and it's freezing in Miami. There's no getting away. ⛄
It's raining, it's pouring, my old, fat, weird, chihuahua dog is snoring....louder then usual :P
playing Super Mario Bros! BEST GAME EVER ;)
does it make you dizzy? Or is real life 3d enough for u?
good luck! Have fun!
lmao I could imagine. did you show her the pictures or the video haha
#ClassicJokeMonday Why don't animals believe the King of the Jungle? Because he's Lion.
Wine: Get shitfaced with class (:
Yes, mine RT Are too many California kids labeled English language learners? kpbs.org/news/2012/jan/… via
whores! Although my cat's affection can be bought for the shake of a treat bag. You don't even need the treat.
tough one. so far i'm not extremely bullish on either. but not sure
So about Coachella housing for next weekend....
Congrats on the new job. This former interned learned a lot from you. Have fun working with Boyd Huppert.
hot chick
Early evening #FF to for being a sexy bitch and a great writer! cheers brother!
#trayvonmartin ": ABC News: Trayvon Martin case goes before a grand jury on April 10th."
Pizza is a fine Friday meal! Good day! Seeing a friend I haven't seen in almost a year!
Last Physics LAB EVER!!!! Then lets drink.
Thanks to all our SECO attendees and exhibitors for a great SECO 2011!
oh ok lol
I love ur dancing
Mo bynum shit. He's still a kid, no maturity.": Bynum is laughing about something. What could he possibly find funny at the moment?"
o cool. I'm kinda bored
I personally think it's a bit ridiculous that I have an essay due on the last day of school tomorrow.
I miss you! Come back to Cali :) Let's go swimming with the dolphins.
New #LuxeReports coming soon ..
So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
Whatsoever you sew, you will reap! !
I wish :( No b/c I need cakes stocked for cust but also need coolers for baking/cool down. Hoping to fix one tonight but $$$!
