thanks Joel, sounds like a REALLY productive day! Love it!
Sharks are born swimming...
lmao! Dork. I think 1. You're a teenage schoolgirl trapped in a gay mans body and 2. You kinda miss me.
1 in 4 65 & older use If you're going 2 start using social media, use !
“: They blur they self cause they ugly 😂 RT : how do people avi's come out blurry :/” lmfao never trust them
OKC could have won by 50 Lakernation RIP @ what goes around comes around
Thank you, and thank you for joining us!
People forget #marksanchez is 23. #joeflacco and #mattryan skewed the learning curve for rookie qbs. Sanchez will be perennial all-pro
I just feel like, if your opinion was not asked for, do NOT state it.
uhg i hate it when twitter tells me cannot retrieve tweets at this moment forcking twitter ╰_╯
Sitting at OPSC watching son's practice. Wishing I was at Swope watching #SKC Reserves instead. Go #SportingKC!
Joan Rivers don't play
I may have to. Getting ready for the soccer match now.
It's gonna bring you down! HOOWAH!
Boom game 1 to the Os, let's get this 2nd one too
physics/chem shit is always a huge pain to code and debug :/ good luck man
I just became the mayor of virginia mason on !
Seriously, do the police not have anything better to do on a Thursday at 11pm besides run radar? I went the speed limit the whole time. -_-
Once again, my life has spun completely out of control.
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
if i don't answer my phone .. it's probably cause i am dancing to the ring tone
That certain follower should dm me. Just sayin
I'm swamped over here, but it would be a great time to get that weekly blog post going for Gilman. Free for a call soon?
Aww thanks uRT : all day babi, ya know. most damn sure hit up my cougar the queen of the cougars
Episode 1 of new webseries written. Onto planning stages of filming. Can't wait!
When you’re searching, you’re looking away from that which you already are – you’re already whole and complete.
have a great time!
shut up u got one
I was at Opening Day. Would love to snag a bobblehead tomorrow, but I'm not sure I'll make it. I'll let you know if I go.
lol, i coulda swore that's what your assertions are as well.
12-5-84 Brad Armstrong wins NA title from Big Cat Ernie Ladd in #Shreveport ending Ladd's final title reign
“: Happy birthday to my Fg brother ” right on... Love you lil big bra.
Learn how to start a business blog and leverage the blogosphere to generate more traffic, leads, and sales
Good morning sexy :3 lol I'm bored
last night was more than double that “: The average person wakes up about 6 times every night.”
That was hit and run in 11th.. South Carolina is fearless!
En route to witness get his hardware!
how cool would it B 2 have 3 national basketball champs from this great bball state of KY GO CATS join Pikeville & Bellarmine!!!
Got my first buzz cut of the season! I had 5 beers then tripped getting off the barstool and now I've got a sweet gash across my forehead.
Did you notice it was snowing this time?
Jeremy stick with it. If this is ur first time, you start feeling better around week 4. Worth the pain
I can't stop the war shelter homeless feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save ur son or daughter I can't change the world
Zito just pitched a complete game shutout at Coors Field. So there's that.
so much for that
you, my friend, are old. Being a dad and whatnot.
Studying?-.-" kill me now?
WKA world champs kicks off today! On our way to the venue
I know I am! <3 thanks!
Interesting dinner at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Old Town last night! Loved the old venue, piano & gorgeous outdoor space. Food not so much.
Damnit! Your vacation is so cool! Ah! Drink a Hemingway for me, whatever that may be (I don't think he was choosey...)
I love the feeling of getting things done
I need my own space and my own car
Can't wait to dress up as a crusty ass old geezer tomorrow
Reach for the Stars so if you Fall, you land on the Clouds
Happy Birthday to our intern Ashleigh!
when are you gonna follow up "green and yellow" 16-0? 19-0?
thanks Pope, UR the best! Miss you seeing u bro! Hope all is well in your world.
Ernie doesnt know what an ipod and headphones are
I may need to sit further away from the windows. This lightning storm is blinding!
so glad to see on here! miracles happen in that hospital as i had a chance to see for myself last summer.
National, networked platforms like the YMCA can be more strategically used to take an idea from local to national and have an impact...
I respect both #marvel and #dc my favorite super hero is from dc but marvels story lines/comics are better..
Love Pinterest, but it may just be the Chick Flick of social media...takes that special guy to really get into it.
Feeling super special on my Twitter 5-year anniversary today. Wondering if I'll make it a decade?
I agree w/Jimenez that plunking is part of game. However, throwing your glove down and heading towards the hitter isn't. Looks intentional.
How I hate to peel eggs. No shortcuts - peeled 48 today!
what are we wearing to school today
uh..are these yours??!
Looking to tour in #philadelphia on the 10th. Anybody have any suggestions for things to see?
"I used to be Snow White then I drifted" Mae West
tried to work out TWICE today....and was foiled BOTH times!! UGH.
don't stop, get it get it.
Time to reach back like a pimp and slap a ho.
I officially let go of tumultuous relationships and am entering into more loving ones.
Good luck to my bae!
Don’t question GOD. As he may say, if you are so eager for answers, then please come up.
Ehmmm the sitter
happy birthday(:
Thank you for being a father I never had. Your a great example of a black men!
made pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes today. It is a good day.
Mission accomplished.
TELL THAT TO PEOPLE IN MAINE
Grades for #masc4213 are posted. Please email me if you have questions. You guys rocked your final exams! I loved having you in class!
wow, never would have thought i'd miss you, but i do.. and wonder if you miss me too.
The bird watchers are in full effect in Central Park - Woody Allen should do a movie based on this cult of voyeurs
Your approval not desired nor required!
Diva -- ! Thanks so much for the boost on KLOUT!!
thats a big ass fact tho and most niggas dont even think like that. Cause i sure dont man i really dont. money was nothing to me
I got the perfect gift 😉
It's summer in winter!
Try To Take It Seriously Nothing will come out of it
how about the Buffaleap for the jump into tge stands
Holidays will be here soon! SpaME gift cards are sounding like a relaxing idea huh? :)
r u going to get some Beckham branded underwear?
Oh HELL YEAH! :D
Don't try calling the office. The music is playing so loud we probably won't be able to hear you.
Hehe yes stop watchin live stream and get here! RT Oh yes, I do hear at #SMWMiami. Hola !! XO
“ Less than 24 hours till tailgating and couch-burning...”
I need sleep now.
This is my favorite episode of Raising Hope.
According to a recent ExecuNet poll the healthcare sector will reveal the greatest growth in management hiring over the next six months.
Rob Deer was removed from today's game due to a slight thigh strain as a precaution.
Gonna be nice to get under the warm covers of our bed here in a few. Maybe I'll finally get warm. lol Brrrrrrr........again. ;-)
been to AFrame yet? Any recommendations??
Helping the kids with there homework
Jesus just landed in the east coast. Hallelujah!!.
Weather update: Mostly sunny high of 75/ low of 48
haha well I am a big giroux fan...
Had a good night with my dawgs
thanks for the virus that caused me to close my store and lose 6 hours of business today. Not to mention the repair bill. Thanks!
Please pray for the families who lost loved ones and / or property in the wake of the tornadoes that swept through IN, KY & OH yesterday.
guess we're both going to work tomorrow!
I could stay up and annotate My Antonia or I could go to bed at a normal time for once
every time i hear a siren these days i wait for a bass drop
Having an early night myself, but ya'll enjoy! RT : Live music w tonight. $5 Grey Goose Cocktail. Roof open/patio open.
how's it going
I'm alright, a bit cold, though. -laughs softly- How are you, Jayden?
hahaha it's just a weird thing to see, especially having known her for so long as andy's gf
No, alas. But it'll be on the top of my to-do list after I win the lottery.
are you the mayor?
What's everyone having for dinner #CLE? Log onto www.delivermefood.com to have your favorite restaurant delivered.
this is my favorite tweet by you ever. See ya Saturday!
Happy Friday! Too bad I'm broke and can't do anything, damnit!
I would be upset too
Come on you got to make that shot !!!
First physic reading ever today. Not really a believer. Told her nothing so I could call her bluff. She knew everything. Still in shock.
I still have an honest to FSM working 486. But I have no landline to dial out. :(
THANK YOU for making SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE your pick of the day! Smiling here...
Two more days.... two more days....
I don't even know why I get so hyped up about seeing you
Hi doll. I am great and u? Im just chillin. I got to see Marilyn Manson Fri in Dallas...Was a dream....thanks for the add.
I love this Hollywood weather...... No other city can compare
OMFG I KNOW. THAT WAS CRAZY
feeding the fire
So this isn't as much of an orgasmic moment as I'd expected it to be. Well hey there Twitter.
Travel day back home after a fantastic tour!
I don't have a Kindle, but I'm pretty sure I've seen Twitter posts directly from Kindles too ...
Nice! lets hope historians read article and are convinced. Just returned from conference where almost no one tweeted!
You play with fire, you get burned, and Amare don't worry that fire extinguisher you were reaching for earlier won't put out the HEAT.
And that just happened.
geting ready to go to kayla graduation
Playing an old school #Hiphop set! They tipped well! #DJ #YOLO!!!
It's been awhile since we texted. How u been?
tonight's SATC rerun: the girls go to staten island and carrie meets a politician
i'm a little tired of my plans never working out..
Your personal relationships effect how much energy you have to create for your business. Is there anything you need to clean up?
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
How many more do you need to meet your goal for Christmas?
After 20 years of considering, sounds like Obama's position has "evolved" and he's now Pro-Mom. Good for you buddy.
Single sucks. Period.
followed back!
Taco Reyes and then Capoeira.
Sad to hear of the passing of R.W. Schambach. What a legend of the faith- 85 years of passion.
So Head Bartender Brian is pretty hot AND makes a mean cocktail.
I be slackin.... I apologize :/
Be nice to see what Billy Beane could do with money to work with.
Tigers Tigers Baseball team fighting for that pennant dream
What will be the next #DaresClub malady?
and I text right back right?
I WOULD LOVE FOR U TO SHOW SOME LOVE TELL TWITTER WORLD TO ADD DASTREETZMUSIC THAT WOULD BE MUCH LOVE
Gimme that booze you little pumpkin pie haircutted freak
I can't even believe how famous 1d are...remember when no one was at the hotel lololol still haven't met them since :((
Iron Man 3 Will Shoot Partly In China This Summer As part of Chinese co-production deal.
ugh. weird. i wonder what happened.
>> LETS DO THIS! RT : What it do!? Ready to make this YEAR successful!
I'm gonna go to bed now, Goodnite Tweeters.
nice - i have this playing at work right now. RT : matt pond's "emblems" 2xLP for $10? oh yes. this record rules.
pepperonis on pepperonis fat stacks
So should invite me to swim right now *cough cough* (:
I think its funny how some people waste their lives on twitter.
yes, you?
Private classes are available now
Working all the way up until the final dress of #CHILDREN at the Beckett Theatre tonight. And we're still having fun too!
L♥VE IS ABOUT TRUST
idk why everyone feels free to hate on nicki minaj like at least she's relevant ok
Thunder are prone to giving up leads, but Lakers will need to slow it down and get better possessions
Christmas is nearing! Have you finished your shopping yet? We have the PERFECT gift! A new Truck or car! Come on in or visit www.freedomfre…
Girls just wanna have fun. Me just wanna meet Austin (:
Those in our generation = 1/3 of ALL the #LDSMissionaries who have served in this dispensation! Proud to have been one of them.
Why are plastic bears the only animal you can get honey from? Why can't you get honey from a plastic bee?
I think you're either being intentionally obtuse, or you're part of a disinformation campaign
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. (cont)
Me: Wanna have a 4pm dance party in the office? Coworker: No, I wanna punch someone in the face
Psychiatist says one or more of San Diego's problem police officers likely have RX drug/alcohol/addiction/depression issues
Today I saw a thing about a dog who has his own service dog.
I guess if we are meant to be, distance wont get the best of us.. If not. Well, ill never be the same.
and don't forget to add that the defense scored two tds.......
hi Ariana!!! If I said I couldn't live without you, would you Tweet me?? ;)
also worth noting, Bryan and the Aardvarks' debut CD, w/ Fabian, Bryan Copeland, Joe Nero, and someone on vibes
got me fucked up and ready to fire ur asx and hire a new nigga that can fit the job description!!!!! WELL
Congrats to Pedie, Ells and Gonzo #gold glove winners
We have a working well pump again. Hooray!!!
Babysitting.. Hopefully the power doesn't go out again ! Lol ;p
What the hell am i gonna do -__-
Catch & Release: The cocktail brew of nonprofit development in the 1970s is coming to fruition now in leadership transition.
well you do know an Ariana Grande...
I know, I'm sorry guys :( at least I get to see you both tomorrow!
You will get some more Capri sun!
Bummed that thinks I'm a hipster. He says it's because I listen to NPR. I think it's because I'm eating beef jerky.
what a great win for Columbus!
I hate when people be texting when im on tha phone with them , Like fuck niggah I don't wanna hear all these beeps -.-
Hi Josele - thanks for the #FF :)
haha nice. Did you see that guy turn himself into a human target? Idiot -.-
think I will try it tomorrow . I'll be the one with the broken finger.....Melrose is like 5 min from office
Good morning! #TimeManagement Tip 2: Tackle those daunting tasks right away. Get them out of the way so you can do bigger, better work!
I interviewed with his group at $FNM in '01. Kind of glad I didn't wind up there
professors house is a treat
Can i please get a follow back<33??
I give up. Something is causing my door not to close. I'm probably going to get killed standing outside. I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE.
Great win tonight! It's good to see Koufos getting some minutes
new to twiter..... dam i think this is dumb seriously >.< y did i get this>
Pretty accurate.. RT : Hit three. Play defense. Hit another three. Play defense. Pick-and-roll-lay-in. Repeat.
Gated subdivision, wit security- budget
Sunday, April 14th, 1935, mid-afternoon: A monstrous black dust cloud quickly forms over southwest Kansas.
Thanks to , and for a great day today to promote Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix.
Canvassing in Milwaukee. Just got a new email address from Joyce who's telling all her friends how to #OwnYourVote and wants to get involved
Disappointed left and right these days? Happy Birthday to me, sad sad sad
13 guys played for the Celtics tonight. I didn't know that was allowed
J.Noble must spend every waking moment analyzing his #Fringe scripts. It's obvious in the detailed choices he makes for Walter vs Walternate
Thank you for watching it Suzanne! I'll be uploading my most recent work soon :)
Futuristic handgun, if you act foul you get two shots, and1. I'm at your face like Lancôme, you niggas softer than Roseanne's son.
Storm JUST passed over Saint Francis, dumped some pea sized hail
Happy Wednesday from the American Botanical Council!
A #taurus female is an introvert who is deeply sensual, with considerable moral and emotional courage. She has a practical approach.
get your filthy pirate hands off my coffee!
Congratulations to our client North Central Health Care for achieving the highest rated nursing home designation by US News & World Report
T-minus 6 days until the 2012 Calendar Debut Event! Who do you think is on the cover?
yeah I do. Don't you remember how hard I tried to get you that way? Lol
Don't give up what you're already doing - you'll be a better employee says of
drunk on warm boxed wine and over soyed day old Chinese food while watching Lucy reruns in his underwear?
today is just not my day!
Follow For A Shoutout
Sweater puppets
Just tapped, Brewing Imperial IPA (replaces Brewing Bigfoot Barley Wine Ale)
Watching ABDC, time to see my husband break it down!
God I LOVE wrestling, the one true place where Broadway meets Sports, meets rock concert.
I know! For some reason Twitter won't let me send... emailing now.
Lots of good things happening. Haven't been on in a while!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. ~William Shakespeare
New advances in medical science are providing us great insights to the aging process. Aging is a Treatable Disease
Which part? From a typographic perspective?
at first lunch! Ahaha.
ate a bag of grapes in less than 24 hours, success (:
Now that I actually get trending and that shit twitters not as annoying as I thought some of you are still out of hand though
Thanks, good sir! Ask, and I shall answer. My favorite color is Blue, and my quest is to find the Holy Grail. Next?
Sometimes life is so perfectly random you know it really isn't at all.
Just realized I had a dream I was friends with Dwight D. Eisenhower. That used to be Christian Slater.
I'm so tired......ain't im always tired tho? Lol im gettin lazy 
kinda missed twitter a lil bit
I remember that "next phase" phew!
Only Girl is Rihanna girlfriend
sexiest man alive chuck norris
the house just got deeper. i just finished hooking up my surround sound stereo. uh huh.
As opposed to, "I apologize if anyone was offended"? Yes.
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Open a bank, give poor people million $ houses, then when they can't pay, demand the gov give you 800 billion.
TGIF!!!!!!!! Treat yourself to one of our famous margaritas, like our Passion Por Favor!!!!!!!
Hey! I think I got there just as you were leaving. Bob had a work thing and I tagged along.
Happy 7th birthday !!
RIP Dick Clark. Glad I had the opportunity to meet him once.
Merry Christmas!!!
hardaways was lowest and quickest. Stevie and AI had deception. All tiny dudes tho. Which bigger player could pull it off best?
#QuoteoftheDay “Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.” -George Herman "Babe" Ruth
I remember that debacle.
jumping over couches and giving me fashion advice. just another day in the office with these dudes.
Very cool!
The Truth. The Truth. It was all about the Truth, Bob Woodward quotes his legendary editor Ben Bradlee on #Watergate @
“: Overheard as two jedi knights walked by: "oh...you guys are dressed as virgins!"” awesome
Still praying that she pulls thru.
Don't ever change :)
acting is go be so much fun when I get to la. I cud be on a train, or plane, in a club, skydiving, car racing, in a mansion
Cleveland City Repping...
Car show and drowning pool memorial day weekend
Growing up with your friends an becoming the one that made it >>>
To my new followers
Game 6 in Boston Go Hawks Go Atlanta
Knicks got me tight right now
There is no way you can live by faith and not have trials. But just know that you have the victory and that you already have won!!
Nothing better than a sing along with my mom! <3
Sounds delicious! We're so glad you enjoyed it. What's on your agenda today?
I really happy that came out with a show i love theme so much
FBI spokesperson: Initial tests on white powder in envelope sent to federal building on 7th in downtown Anchorage show "negative" for toxins
Little teenage girl wearing short shorts a sweater a scarf and ugg boots, i think you got the season confused....
Happy Labor Day! We love your blog and would love2 connect and maybe get you some samples #zapcash pls check out r site
We are seeing alot of people upside soen in thier homes...contact me there is help and there are investors
takes a brave man! Hope y'all are loving Spain. cc
i mean that he isnt worth Top 5 QB money. Top 5 QB's all have AT LEAST 1 ring, if not more. Rings = more $$$. He's not top 5 IMO
I want this weather to last, no more fucking rain.
Paper over pussy nuthin above it...
happy birthday ! hope you're having a great day babe <3 <3
Resting today..energy is low. Looked at the news shows this morning and we have a lot of work to do in our country.
My nights just getting started. 😉
Taking Averie to see the cherry blossoms today!
Thanks for the FF S/O! How is your week so far?!
does anyone know if there are extant drafts/manuscripts of Barthes' S/Z? I've never been more intrigued by a book's composition
Who Knows 1? I know one!
I wanna love you, but somethings pulling me away from you.... #ladygaga <3
Remember, THE HONOR SYSTEM?! ( the band ). watching the michigan fest DVD does that.
OHH OK , well yeah im still working both of those out :D
Thanks for Tweeting about us!
Listening to neon preservation specialist Will Durham with - love the Nevada Club neon cowboy.
Nothing wrong with "buying" a title.
Let it burn
Good times you & the wife have a good night.
More dj' ing and singing than writing... lol
I would start off with 3 days a week
Merry Christmas to you too homie and everyone else & a crazy 2012!
DON'T believe the rumors about the Six Forks Fuhgeddaboudit Being closed, changing name to Camos Brothers Pizza...NOW BETTER THAN EVER!
Each of our 6 high schools provide a “small school” environment with caring, dedicated teachers.. Which of our High Schools do you go to?
Get your name off of my TL
Shitty standards for massive claims is not the way to find out what's going on. It's a solid way to be mislead by bull shit.
Working on some international projects at work and changing diapers at home. LOL
u know I always ppreciate your insight. I'm here at work buggin out mentally. What's going on with u
Mentally and physically exhausted. :-( gotta keep going...
2012 Miami Dolphins Draft Picks: Fan Reaction - YAHOO! Found on Bing
Boys lacrosse: Canby looks for its second straight upset when it hosts state powerhouse Lakeridge right now at Canby HS
T.r.u.s.t Aint nuffn ta fuck wit!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!7
also he's wearing a turtle neck ｡◕‿◕｡
Thank you. Have a great day
Hey, have y'all thought about making razors?
I'm in the mood 4 sum cereal.... Homey but Cheerios here I come!!! Haha lol
Damn its hard to hoop when you're drunk wut da fuk
umbrella idea
tear it up Brad. #climbing out the hole
hey follow back ? :)
Did you know that just 9.6% of child care centers are accredited? We work to ensure every child has access to quality child care....
Cant believe the call? I cant believe this minute of basketball has dragged on so long. I'm almost passing out. Sttoooopppppppp
ye snookis on tumblr now, but she's already been in with the hipsters
Lol one day is gonna tweet me, & I'm just gonna die.
thanks, new gig is interesting. Chicago (and this weather) is outstanding.
is always my fault and I never do anything right what's the point of me being on the earth for..
I've none that since yesterday. That's why I picked up Lahair with the Cubs.
i cant help it. IT WAS SO FUNNY.
So Harlan armed? I see you!
oh ok i thougt she wrote u in spanish
Good-Bye July- What are you guys most looking forward to in August?
Happy 17th of May!
ah hey austin..i just made this twitter. hope u dont mind (; Woof
i am loving it
At Last!!! We may now Rest In Peace... RParker Jr claims the 2009 to be the BEST vintage he has ever tasted in 33 years of wine du Monde!
weres my followers at people
#np doing it wrong -
need to take advantage of sims on the bench...
What would be the rules for "how to make a Tim Burton movie?"
Just downloaded a "virtual fireplace" app. Excited to put on tunes, sit down w/ some hot chocolate, and watch it crackle! #happyholidays !
Put the
weird ass fucking old people..
your pastry accessories have been sent out today!!!!!!!!!
Not always the case, but smart! Why someone would post a listing without a picture is beyond me...
#SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO HIT ITUNES REAL FAST... Before my phone bill go's up with all the YouTube usage ! #nojoke 
Watching on QVC.
-I'm the type of girl that will have you not worry about my looks but my amazing personality ;)
no the one behind that had to push the broken train. Now we had to switch trains. Getting to central now
You can't spell "mediate" without "team".
Time for the Xtamina Energy Drick Girls to hit the streets of ATL to crash the BET Music Awards with the best energy drinks in the world!!
awww thank you! and um clearly I don't know anything about these things either. but I will take pics as (hopefully) more come!
DJ: Have I mentioned that Leach is a monster?
I can't imagine anything worse. Is everything okay?
Thanks for following, your bio is very cryptic we're looking forward to seeing what you're up to!
I fucking do this. All the time. RT : I like to put on high heels and prance around my room pretending I'm tall.
how many times is groupon going to reneg on their IPO ???
Good night my Tweets and Fbs!
OK, Ducks. Let's do this.
aawhh, stupid butt computer ! :0 well.. That's a good thing haha.
you should give shack crap for being a coward and not responding to me.
I'm not gonna be that guy who says you're 2 fat 2 play basketball w/us. We just honestly like having an odd number of players.
I am great! How's it going?
💙Because ur the best an give really good tweets i would freakin die if he followed me omg i would do anything💚💚
ah, good to know. thanks
happy thursday to you lola
#Herzliyaconf Chubin: we should stop the apocalyptical chatter. Occupation has sullied the cause. (Thinks - can they *disinvent* a bomb?)
naw datz a classy bad bitch id fuk her till da end of tyme -SELF'MADE
There is never a dull moment in Polk County. This is getting ridiculous.
my stomach always hurts :\
things just never go the way you want . .
hey what up
what time? and what about thursdays?
Why can't football juststart now?
I concede, Rush has made more sexist comments than Ed. And Hitler made more anti semitic comments than Ahadinejad. Big deal!
It's actually nudge theory to try and encourage proper use of grammar.
Site will be down as we upgrade to v0.3 - the upgrade includes a mobile optimized version of socialistr.com - we can't wait to show it to u
Having TWO lefty pitchers in the bullpen would help a lot, since most teams have more than one left hitter...
late night twitter tlk anyone?;))
#thoughtsduringschool Some pulls out gum, it's like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
I definitely will!
My stomach is in knots. 1 hour until Game 7.
we'll send it along shortly! :)
Wiz on the Fire
Haha! I haven't! Surprise though, that the shock n' delight continues in the office
#NowWatching: Howard The Duck
That would of been funny if you did!
Blog The local time in Dissent Costa the armed robbery to the gasoline Of shell :-)
Bacon shortbread with smoked sugar just came out of the oven! Want one?? Getch yr self over here then.
Have to find some of my study photos, for the next set? I know they are here somewhere in my computer...
My co-workers are very dangerous people. See to it that you do not upset them in any way.
RT : The worst gift you could get a Browns fan would probably be Browns gear.
The only thing that would make my daughter happy for her birthday is for to follow her
I won't till I get back cause I'm on vacation but I love the story even though I haven't read DS
everything ok love??
I'm a leader not a follower. Unless it's a dark scary place then the hell with that, you go first.
maybe CCBB would help - or - delete the other account
why is bonzi Wells at that camp.....he's trouble and old
now that we got it we just cant give up
On the verge of starting to stay in hotels just so I can watch "Storage Wars" on cable.
For the best places to live in Boston text me 617-800-3737
That's just pathetic. “: And it was a suited-up business man.”
I would hope if Broncos know they're out they'd be more active in free agency right now
My official announcement to the independent industry of music...We now represent 11Billion Dollars as a market place!
#ICanHonestlySay I hope and pray I get this promotion today.
Spurs Insider tonight at 6:30! Fox Sports Southwest
RT : Looking for an Ice Sculptor in Milwaukee. This is a paid gig. Please contact
GOOD MORNING FRIEND'S=)GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!
Needless to say if you can remember how much you had to drink you obviously didnt have enough....
amazing day (: couldn't of been any better
BFF's know that you changed your twitter name...
pretty sure that would be the same as texting.
If I don't leave I'll break every fucking thing in this house.
Self-promotion is fine, promotion of others will have greater rewards! (And yes, of course)
i would have to unfollow 66 people to follow u n still be at the limit afta that shuld i??
THIS! RT Dat's Right! RT I've been screaming Who Dat at my cat since breakfast/ Damn right, Betty White.
Grammy's start with prayer... that's a good idea
it's a date!
Tune in to today at 12:30pm PT on when BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock is scheduled to join the show.
RT : Want to learn why YOU may NOT be EASILY refer-able? Join the DISCUSSION tomorrow Night!
ohh sawwy :( nd did I really say I was hhaha can u forgive me?
An hour left...cant come soon enough
shorter distance to their hands from their brain!
Back to work lol 
Story isn't a flight from reality but a vehicle that carries us on our search for reality, our best effort to make sense out of the anarchy
Of course!
Its raining, Its pouring, the old man is snoring.....z
hmm that sounds really familiar. You're such a good friend! That stuff is a bitch. It looks so tedious.
Today at the Nat'l Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts, ' Jason Schupbach will speak about innovative funding.
• There he is. Former.mvp turned spectator...lol
GAH! I want a pillow pet for my mission! A giraffe, wolf, penguin or panda would be awesome. I will love you forever! ;)
Baby monkeys and kittens get me every time! Just want to hug them. :)
please follow me! <333
Who says i cant cook ?you obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
The real Tomazic... character revealed... "I'm not going to your house for a cookout." LOL
thankyouu! Much love u showin<3 you been my home girl since da day I met u!(:
just kidding. Wish you were here.
it was gon get eaten anyways
Please welcome Dr_Greed to the Max life
Chief, seriously? Usually people mean well but I find it irritatingly demeaning sometimes anyway.
damn RT : I trolled bitch
this just makes me irate. especially because she represents such good guys. hopefully they will wise up and move on!
It's butts too nuts in right now.
I'm almost finished with this bottle of Old Crow. How did that happen? Why did I buy it in the 1st place? Why am I so sad now? ;)
None of us get enough red wine in our diet! ;o)
idk where he went I have find him
Hello! #FF : #ATX Splash Day Weekend so
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
yes sir. In Indy, waiting for kids to get done with school tomorrow to bring them to the burgh for turkey day! When r u back?
confirmation of #Fringe at #SDCC RT : For sure. ; )
i miss you...
I really didn't think she had an affect on anything.....
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a production
I slept for a minute. I'm sure of it.
That's odd...I didn't know Mike Bibby was capable of hitting a shot in that arena anymore.
Day 1: complete
Got furnace repaired Monday. Got cable/Internet hooked up yesterday. Now no power. No hot water. No cable/internet. Thank you,
Everybody needs somebody to be proud of them.
Nice!! #SFGiants is trending on Twitter! Can't wait to go to my first game of the new season next Friday to see my boys!
cause I have absolutely no clue about what most of my followers say.
An apology doesn't always guarantee forgiveness.. Especially if it's for the same mistake over and over again.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
He is home in VA. Tell the other fellas to pick it up
sneakerfather and just get the Poison Dart Kobe's. Lol
safe travels and have fun in NYC this weekend!
New post: Good Writing Tip #6: Conventions
“: My future husband is going to have to deal with me listening to Beyonce every.single.day #dealbreaker”//bahahaha! Exactly!!!
being made fun of for the way i stand<<<
Humanities require freedom (why not taught in autocratic societies). Science can be taught anywhere.
have also enjoyed your tweets!
# is the I'm wasted hash tag.
Tryna fuck somebody today who not on that BS cause some ppl are true bullshitters
That's awesome! Congrats. Hard work is always rewarded one way or another.
why would I hate you?! Haha
why thank you :) really excited about your portrait session, we should talk about a date soon!
#IfYouLetMe I'd smack you
I DON'T KNOW. Someone still needs to explain that to me.
No problem, chicha! Tweet me whenever!(:
you get a chance to check out that record i sent you yet?
Rougher outing in the field tonight. 1-3 at the plate: single, fielder's choice, reach on error, pop out.
She can love you good. But I can fuck you better!
Great show last night - special thx to all who made it out !! Onward to Showcase next Thurs 5/10 at
welcome to the Twitterverse!!!!
I don't have his number cause he has been texting me thru his iPod cause he doesn't have his phone .. And I do sometimes!
Too soon? RT worst: Iranian mountains... RT : Q7. Best/worst destinations for solo travelers? Why?
Just because one person says no, dont mean the next one will be the same, dont get intimidated by the first closed door....
o brother.. . where art though?
Hi Bianca I'm a very huge fan! :) I think you're very pretty! :D <3
Still love The Rock.
you mean you'll spend the night with me doe
For those wondering what happened to my envelope of receipts: the station agent says someone will retrieve it! Soon!
my wife Delia is running today. Wish her Good luck!
still thinking about my minor. Any suggestion? I need help....
Bored kinda tired pc4pc or someshit
Studio Time later today, gotta make these Hits !
Wow.. The world is really getting messed up. I won't be surprised if it ends in 2012
#recoverymode! I haven't felt like this in a while, but very worth it for the birthday boy! Thanks everyone who made it such an #epic night!
Been away from Twitter for awhile--I'm back (not that there should be any excitement associated with that announcement)!
putting off homework... like usual
“: #TrueLife I purchased a puppy because bitches love puppies and I have no game #smh” hahaha
Going to get BaBa's for the first time :)
Welcome to the twitterverse!
- I thought he coulda used a V-8!
I know thx bud! the circumference of my asshole right now rivals most potholes on the streets of manhattan
Had a delicious drink at ! Good happy hour if your in SE
I wonder what my reaction would be to tweeting me...
what did u want to tell me?
Gracias to all for the Rts & mentions!
How did the organizers of #SMBMAD know I was jonesing for a cinammon roll? This spread rocks!
well I'd hate to leave you hanging like this but I got a busy day ahead of me so goodnight :) sweetdreams Cassy<3 ttyl I hope
and you are one of the best at relationships!
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
“: I have nothing else to say other than I Love that you wear this on stage. #LikeAboss” :)
I'll try my best lol love and miss you too girl ! 😘 come visit me☺
actually u right
Would No-No work on my balls?
RT : Defense wins championships ! > Not with today's rules.
lol i dont even live in georgia. good luck selling them! :)
Had a #hashtagwar with my girlfriend () over our date night dinner.
George W. Bush was a cheerleader in High School
Shaken, not stirred.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
lol I already burned my red cel et cupcakes and I've never done that
Any word on delays or postponements?
Never been a fan of #Landycakes...somehow I get confused on luck vs. skill. Anyway I think he is a
wow great :) how have u been luv?
Do I care if u don't talk to me? lol NO, never that.
Both! I was actually there. Best. Show. Evs
Cool! Thanks
Bestie & I have racked up over 12 miles walking since Monday. For being super tired & out of it, I'll take it 😊
We never lose the things that matter
I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me
Another twenty minutes of my life wasted on Elluminate/Collaborate and the meeting hasn't even started yet.
a delightful frolic about sh#t getting blowed up
#VanHalen is more than pulling this off at MohehanSun
I <3 kush. Just wish my bestfriend was here.
VanJess - Signs (Original Song): via
I will call you at about 11:30
It is our ability to accept things as they are that make us able to adjust to the circumstances.
I was young and needed the $. Wait…what were you watching?
RT : #cbrally it used to be sitting in the front was for geeks. We're just REALLY into technology. Yep.
Southern Indiana high school football overtime had forced me back to Twitter. Seems I've missed a few thing
sell everything.
Just got back from Costco in Anchorage. Lots of white people and I was the only one in the store in shorts.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
Limestone County Students Impress at State Competition
get used to that feeling haha ;) .... was it me or did you kiss me on the cheek?!.....
You act like that cause ya on dat dope!
Portlandia killed Washed Out for me. Cannot unsee!
I will end you.
Why do I keep socks with holes in the toes? Time for a change
walked Nacho again. We need gas. I'm on the way back.
I know the feeling. Stormie goes away & comes in "hi mom, where's my pig (she has a stuffed 1 best friend) & lets go swim".
Donating what I can, but it seems like it is always those with the big bucks that get the perks.
I guess if Republican primaries was Friends episode, he'd be Joey. RT : Newt Gingrich is an ‘amateur paleontologist.'
Imiss tha day when I was2 and had no care for boys cause now thy hurt u and lie I've never met a guytht actualy cares sweet guy retweet this
No one's stopping to see if I need help cuz I have MN plates lol. Loyal Packer fans.
Before any spending I ask myself, "Is this SO critical that I would borrow money from China to pay for it?" Well, I want Chinese food, so...
It always happens i should be used to it
lmfaoo fashooo you only live once xD! Dalee I'll have to hit you up and have a bong session ;)
We're talking Danny O'Brien today on our sports shows from 4-6. ' joins us at 4:15
My so-called "personal" CLE recos include whiplash litigation, shale gas operations regs & Chinese reverse merger cos.
Green bay packers!!!!!!!!
#someoneiwanttomeet General Patton
Hope to see you all this week in Soho!
Awesome! I'll check that email. Need to bounce over to the parents and grab their paper.. be back in a few.
Thank you! Great connecting! What you up to tomorrow night? Great show at Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee at 9pm!!!
XLR8™ (Accelerate) App for Apple and Android Devices Turns Your Economy Car into an Exotic for Just .99¢
feel better little darlin'! Come back to us soon! <3
The good news is...I'm listening to Zaireeka!!!
Ah ha! Twitter = AIM + Facebook... Same cost-benefit of Facebook but on an instant messaging timescale. Makes sense, no?
RIP Whitney
Beautiful and warm today, I am trying to convince teenagers an friends to wash my car!
Im the night boss now!!
When did Mother's Day cards get so treacle and full of self-empowerment aphorisms?
I love one direction
Live a life without drama. <<<<<
Engauge is a very cool, social media savvy Agency in NY
yes its a wb blog show just click the link
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." -C.S. Lewis Set a new goal and be sure you include a deadline.
I love walking around whatever part of town, and looking up--it's always there.
Blue Bottle's New Orleans ice coffee makes me feel like I made a deal with the devil to taste the most perfect beverage in history. -SM
pretty much all the best cities. awesome.
New report positively correlates testing with test scores.
lmao, I know it sucks for the people in my English class, cause they gotta write them sonnets today.
What will you do different this year?
Tell me what's FUN in the ROC?
LOVE the Zookie!
don't you dare steal my topic, it will only be the worst for youq
Right on, and #WORM09 for the 'Write Once Read Many" session. Thanks
"Dark Rituals" is Carrie Stetler's interview with me in HYCIDE Magazine's "The Sex Issue" To order a copy, please email:
(como siempre) (best #2 in eur. by day, comedy genius by night) (amazing surveillance exposé this wk)
where to?
#Humaninteraction- if you look close you can see a rope pulling your success behind the people you meet, your choice how you treat them
RT : If there is not enough Scripture in the sermon to engage your study afterward, the sheep have not been fed.
Donate to malaria nets in Africa. More lives saved per dollar!
If I was the Style Network I'd give the most sharply dressed MLB person award to every year
Depends what result you think you want to produce.
Satisfied customers make me happy! Having a great day at the salon:)
I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight! ---- : Flyers, Phillies, Union all win! It's a Philadelphia night!
Rangers are ahead. I has a happy.
looks like a great event! cc
nevermind i'm gonna text you
I need to restart my exploration of LA restaurants. Anyone want to go to Animal, Pizzeria Mozza, Craft, or others with me?
Dallas, does anyone know of any bars that have karaoke tonight? I know we tweet this a lot, but we just really like karaoke.
The Giggle Bellies are a hit
Nice work!
Agree RT : The question shouldn't be "What's the next big thing?" but "What's the next big culture?"
Don't book your ticket to the finals just yet...
Shooting a video today for Need a video for your business? Call us!
So glad you liked it! :)
Can We Get Away
thanks for the RT!
Quiet people have the loudest minds
oh god. Hahaha hope nobody was watching!:o aha
It seems that Jennifer Aniston will be my parents new Gramercy Park (aka "my country home") neighbor.
Ahh this dentist is crazy packed .
damn u straight so why u boobs look so big
That was a mistake. Should be fixed now.
Smfh...Try to help ppl when their down on there luck.and the still give u their ass to kiss...unplug ur life line..fuck ya
This mornings client was nervous about not having a "philosophy" like the people in our other vids. She left feeling like Aristotle. :-)
Practice in the JA gym.
I've been reaaallly happy these Past few Days (:
It's cold omg not a great morning I destroyed my glasses lol
@ The Goat House!!!! Yes!!! YES I AM lol
For Fall 2011: Workbooks and CDs for the Japanese Language Proficiency Test available in PAM. Sugoi!
thanks for accepting my late compost and remembering my name jeremy! good luck with life craziness :)
Hi #Knicks fans, we in #Denver certainly hope you've enjoyed Melo. #Nuggets fans probably have not missed he or JR.
Open Mic Night tonight at 10 p.m. Try it, you'll like it.
This weather is seriously fucking with my sinuses.
''I was throwing up about five times a day. I threw up so hard and so much, that it was just blood in the toilet.'' - Demi Lovato.
That's so nice of you to say. Glad you like the blog!
Has Cuckold Ace been up to bat yet?
Happy Gobble Gobble!! :O)
I strongly dislike Ron Artest! Worldpeace my ass
and o miss you guys!!!
I don't want a conversation. I just want to cry in front of you. I don't want to talk about it 'cause I'm in love with you.
wow new promo coming soon to www.yourmotivated.com, go check it out end of this week
Have you created your own SnapCut yet? We're featuring our favorites! Tweet us your best SnapCut and we'll make sure to post it!!
Big Up Tone Funk Master Jackson! RIP to #Malcom X today. Thank you for your contributions to he World.
Awesome. RT : follow - he's with her and livetweeting NYC visit
#DD9 is rocking! I've heard tons of great feedback from dealers! The are here and is great!
Hells Angels to MTV Star Rob Dyrdek -- You JACKED Our Death Head Logo
RTOREWARDS keeps your customers around longer and turning passive customers into active, engaged customers.
did you get my text fooley
peace, thanks for keeping me entertained for about 2 hours!
": "I'd like to ask God why He allows poverty, suffering & injustice ... afraid He'd ask me the same question." #barefootchurch"
we don't get out til the 31st and I'm not coming til after the 10th
Definitely told myself I wouldn't need q jacket today. Bad call.
we created a society that doesn't support everyone going to college
Ace of spades bigger than you popping off !!!!!
lmaoooo RT : Can you tell Elyshia to stop complaining about our correct spelling lol
oh okay that's what's up.
So after last nights massive panic attack and all of my fears about not graduating due to grades, I have officially passed ALL classes!!!!!!
Leggoo Most Wanted Crew
What did people eat around here before there were burritos sushi and hummus?
we should be business partners.
EO: "I didn't know just ANYONE could Skype me. I just saw a penis vid!" JM: "Funny. I would think tit vid would have a higher CCR"
I think you can tell from my photo that you're a huge inspiration to me. Hope i win!!!!
Very #excited by all the new possibilities in front of !
la la la
What is the point of twitter again?
I'm sorry I'm awful. I bring your days down. I hope you can forgive me. Please.
Haha, oh Christ, I RT'd this without seeing it...faaaack. #ThisIsWhyImACartoon ;)
Introducing our New and Improved Website, Shopaholicnomore.com!
I don't even talk to you. And you still manage to make me mad everyday. Ugh, slut.
they're still sending them out, make sure to check your SPAM folder as well.
hey bro i like that swag city remix alot, keep it up
The one thing we have to do is fund education. Mike Miller.
Clear Capital: while REO"s have leveled off somewhat in recent months, more than one-in-four home sales across the country remain distressed
Sorry to hear about your Mom. Do you have family that came from Iowa? Thats my last name too. :-)
So very lucky to have a job that allows me to see new places and meet new people.
My celebration is boosting the spirits &showing appreciation for my star teachers
Celebrate Mother’s Day by treating your mother to a delicious meal ! The tres leches cupcake sounds amazing?...
What is up with all these ghost dreams?! This is some scurry shiet!
Got my popcorn and am ready for the #Grammys and im rooting for #Adelle!!
it should be uploaded by now
done and done
Come check out my band Volcano Dolls tonight@ Crazy Girls strip club 10:30pm!1433 N La Brea LA, CA. $10/ or FREE before 9!
Twister/Nerf ball inventor's key to success, "Break a rule"
Courage is the price that exacts for granting peace~BAMM.
GRASSY ASS ... salad... ass, I almost peed my pants today. Omg hahahaha.
Second time i trip on the same spot
and more importantly, your future history scholarship.
My thoughts for today...wat does any of this thts shes sayin has to do with mythology ???? Gesh
shit I actually wanted 2 see if u had the green in a size 12.5
Hitting the road to Chicago for #empower ! Can't wait to see !
Local news is killing it today. ": Steven Powell was "sexually out of control" his entire life. His trial picks up in an hour."
It looks like another beautiful day in the bay!
Hey can you follow me back please? It would make me very happy (:
"I just love giving up my weekends to babysit my sis's kids while she's at drill" I try to convince myself while waking up at 5:45 am.
Amen to that! RT i love my cavs but now is not the time to start winning. you have got to think
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Yes, me please!! Love those wingers
It was a lovely day today. Lots of sun. How is it over there?
gotcha..misread your 1st tweet..ignorant, inhuman biz practices just wear me out, particularly in healthcare
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Standard possession order ... custom possession order ... how have they worked or not worked for you?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 33
Ravens feel the same way
So bored
Wifi at #ASECS12 proving impossible. Will try from phone. First SEA panel underway now.
Yeah, score on that bitch Lebron!
of course!
Snow today in Pittsburgh! Hows your weather?
hah...wait till I have to field questions...I'll make it right clear that I want a question not your 15-20 minute statement
aw chinkarino I hope u hav fun nd if u c 1D u better take pics with them
Recordings on their way!
it is! I usually come home open the window and fall asleep to the cities sounds. So relaxing.
U have a potty mouth this morning
Received my vinyl copy of Noctourniquet today! I don't know about the 3d glasses, but the sound quality is perfect.
how hard is it to say "groovaloos" with a straight face?
If you're my friend, you'll be at 8 seconds on April 21st at 10pm, of not, we ARE NOT friends. Happy birthday, to me.
“: I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster.” the white ones work
How was your #Alaska #Easter?? We had a BIG BUNNY on R trains.
tweet me?:)
Had a good time at the museum. The egyptian stuff really caught my eyes
uggh DC United goes 0-2-0 for season. Looks like a slow start for United hopefully they will finish strong!
Wonder Years is such an amazing show. Such an accurate depiction of childhood and young adulthood
Every teenage parent needs to watch Dateline NBC on the dangers of getting into a vehicle with an intoxicated driver.
the last time I had to stand and sit that often without knowing why, i was at a catholic church
R u kidding me? PRINCE!!!!
It seems like everyone has lost their minds.
Dr. Thornton: "Our kids don't know what it's like to live outside poverty. We must show them!"
I have way too much crap on my mind right now.
Happy Veteran's Day
It's a kind of day.
I win again! Damb im good.
What!!!!!!! RT : I just land in NYC and what do I always say!? !! GSP is out with an injury!!!
Yup, solid! And accurate description of Scarborough. His ranting was so awful I had to roll over & go back to sleep.
On a Friday afternoon matinee date with myself. Midnight in Paris and a stop at the bookstore.
Turmeric,the innocuous looking orange & yellow spice mostly seen in South Asian cuisine,is now accepted to have anti-inflammatory properties
Oh why thank you  lol
Thanks, will do! :)
You prepping for High School Football yet?
At least get out of ur seat and fart. Jeez
Fact: "In the Street," directed by the urban street photographer Helen Levitt, was filmed in East Harlem in 1948.
Amazing to hear dubstep on the Grammys.
we love you guys. <3 reunion and let us open plz
I'm Tired of school!#readyforsummer!
Big Weekend Ahead: Van Halen, Trace Adkins, Experience Hendrix and Wanda Sykes all go on sale. Which is more your taste?
Our deepest condolences go out to Hermano Jonel Gonzalez. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Such a nioceee weather (:
hey I'm trying to get Facebook figured out, then onto linked in! hey, how did you get the cool cartoon image??
Congrats to Maria Rubio, United Way-PDX VP as 1 of 176 regional connectors . Our CEO Keith Thomajan, too!
btw w just celebrated 8weeks on The Billboard Jazz Charts w LIFESIZE MIRROR
Nice dude!
boo who...
they're both "equally as hard" (;
God I fucking hate DJ Dave from Hyundai
Good luck should be fun
Great track!! RT : Digging the new single from , "Columbo Says." Awesome mix of hard rock and punk!
2morrows my first day off in a while. What should i do? I'm thinkin buy new running shoes, smoke, workout, smoke, play music, smoke, etc
I'm sleepy.
Shotgun free is awesome
A trophy from the fuckin man! Thank you
thanks for following!
One day, one year for Mother's Day, I'll send my mom away to a spa retreat for the day. For now, since I'm broke, I just write her poetry.
Sorry about that! We're sorting through the photos and trying to figure out what happened.
we arrive
aw thanks :) your soo sweet!
yea the other one left a nice little dent on my fade
take thirty minutes to breathe today
- that's cause u sir, are the man!
RG3 is literally .000000056 the douche Cutler is. Caught an interview w/ him on SportsCenter. His one-liners, comebacks were great
CAN'T WAIT SEE U THERE!!!!!
Rain today. Should be a good day. Lawnmowers securely tucked away in silence!
I don't know about every time but most of true time you will but I ain't trippin though
love michael s.
Will solve a lot of problems... Can finally show iPad clearly on webinars.
What are sports fan's doing today? Any games going on?
“: Another great performance and 3points. I could get used to this shutout thing. #RBNY” So could we!
We haven't heard from you guys in a long time! What's up guys?
#mazfollows60 i live in America and you and 1D are god. <3
sure, why not everything on the internet is true and accurate...sheeple
im so bored i could eat a camel :p
RT : Happy National Travel & Tourism Week! What will you do special with this week?
Thanks for sharing this great tip! "Remember: People don't need to be falling down drunk to be buzzed." From
itz freezing cold
i love seeing peoples true colors.... makes me laugh hysterically. #BellyLaughing at the moment
I agree. The living metaphor doesn't quite match up between natural and artificial languages. We don't have to test English.
Just ordered Kopecky, Brian Elliot, Lunqvist and Iginla shirts! I love Fans Edge Gift Cards!
Mosquitoes refuse to bite him purely out of respect.
why i'm so sad??
really dumb decision. I wonder what her major was because if it wasn't "instant wealth" then she did it wrong.
Just a couple days left to get Brew Dr. #Kombucha on sale for 2/$6 at ! Sale ends at the end of the month. Go stock up!
Mark your calendars for Shabbat Across America - 3/2/12 with Dr. Yaron Ayalon speaking on "Turkey and Israel: A Lost Relationship?"
Check out our videos on facebook!
#coffee motivate! Motivate!
i hate it when people always get mad over losing a follower like really thts not the biggest thing u should be getting mad about
everyone's complaining about niall growing out his hair...i think it'll be so hot
Louie a possibility as well
it means I bought something and now feel guilty and want to eat every minute.
Just had ihop now I'm working out.. What a combo
Eric do you know this guy for reals?!?
Cyber shopping for the holidays
on my money route
Rewarding those who teach with new media allows for innovation.
Finally, no high-end bacon decor I am sad to say. More likely that would get that ;)
Thanks, Jim. Hope you get something out of it. Cheers, Bo
2 loaves of bread, 12 dishes, 3 desserts, and 2 glasses of wine -- yep, Girl and the Goat is just as good the second time around.
Therefore, the real beautiful/handsome people are the ones who make people around them feel the same.
Make sure you always ask for permissions before attempting to go on private property :)
oh so kind! I've finally decided to write down my daily kitchen escapades (I cook a lot) Making art only w/ food
it was funny. the girl she didnt like left her school, then at her new school, we found out that SHE started a foodfight too
had the best weekend of my life meetin nd Great experience& They were the nicest ppl! ihope 1 of them see this!
Frakes, I would love to have u call in around 7:30 to give your thoughts on the 6th and 7th region districts.. 627-0953
and I was all like jumping penis.
About to go to sleep nite twitter.
likes drinking expired chocolate milk.
Am I the only one who watched The Playboy Club and thought it wasnt that bad. Sucks to be the first fall season casualty.
When are the foo fighters gonna defeat the foo?
- OK.Now lets acquit all murderes.In case we missed it.
:)))) what you doin on your birthday??
Lincoln: I do not consider that I have ever accomplished anything without God .. I must do my duty as I see it, and leave the rest with God.
Mama, I just killed a man. Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun.
Lamenting the fact that there is no Google Translate for tech-speak. It'd make my job a lot easier. I'm smart about other things; I promise!
word brother!
bored tlk to me. =\
I don't really care. We are stacked as it is. I am just upset about Lacey going to Alabama. Who goes to Bama?
thank you we ate excited to be in Detroit!!
Oral promises are tough, but you could sue in small claims to get your $ back. State law bars cos from lying to make a sale
In production stage of Living Education eMagazine Summer edition
my dad can take us to my house tmrw and get troys then work on trebuchet
That's like asking me to cut my balls off! I'm going in!!!! RT : Hey keep your refs out of the mavs game!
u too
why do so many LMS vendors not show pricing, demos, or even screenshots on their websites?
Bourbon barrel aged dark lord. Wow.
Hey Baby Cuz! It was great seeing you this past weekend. Hope to see you in August in the Dominican Republic!
Digital* sorry
are u coming tomorrow to the In the Mix Atlanta with at 6pm?
#BlackMamaQuotes didn't I tell you to beast your ass still!
I think I saw your head in tv lmao
Believe. Ask ?'s & get answers from doctor-nicely of course.Be Fearless.Laugh at chemo-makes your "hair" look better
S/o to for turning 18 today, happy bday bro.
my little cousin is gonna get her ass kicked one day & she'll deserve it. she runs her mouth way too much.
Fair enough. Someone to do all my chores then. :)
Sounds great! Set up next year through SonRise or independently?
A pimp jus try to start a fight with me on the streets on NY City. Never laughed at a man soo hard before n walked away. He was pisssed
love the updates
i gotta piss lets go to
Media day with , wonderful sighting, had a great show with a packed house and seeing at 8:30 Nice
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas everyone. Thanks for all your support!
wore my floral fishnet tights to work and one of my students said " what are those?? they're so ugly!" brat.
Have fun! Thinking of booking a trip to myself!
I love sf
Don't forget about , Mr. Kylestock! He'll be playing his acoustic set early in the evening, so make sure you don't miss it!!
Get that kid a hot tub STAT
Absolutely! RT : #aam2012 buzzword of the year: storytelling
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family !
Hey is that mars in the eastern sky tonight?
Hoping for a fast recovery, teach mcluster a few things, see ya next year jc. Go chiefs!
im on my way to see ni
I just found out that my song "Plans" won an Honorable Mention at the 2010 WCS songwriting contest.
RT : ... I'm glad I leaped over my bad past experience & went to Adobe Connect.
Torres suspension more about being repeat offender vs Hossa hit. Right call by Shanny...
Like what you're hearing from Dr. Sonjia on the show? Like her page on Facebook today to get info on her book & workshops.
I was 6 the last time this happened. Being a student here at the University of Kentucky makes this one just that much better!
yea not really much to do at this time of the night
All great achievements have one thing in common - people with a passion to succeed. - Pat Cash
There's a monster at #swcbus check it out at www.demandzilla.com
i'll get back to you guys after i finish my chips
I wouldn't have a problem with getting older if I felt that I actually had something going for me. Where next?
whats on the agenda:Asset Allocation
RT : "I always deliver" -Ari Gold- come on live up to it I know you can!
Just don't like the vibe here, simple as that. I can only deal with it on occassion, but not on a every day level.
I wanna go home #don'twannabehere
Meeting with Preemo Tattoo Artist today I am super excited whoo hoo
Beck is so uncomfortable talking about his daughter's
#inthe90s golden-eye was the callofduty, beeper codes were the texting, and when musicians od'd it was on heroin not accidental pill mixing
Where is Mike Jones
Going to the grove
Sweet. Let me know.
If any application designers would like to help with our projects, #Axiomity Inc is hiring and asking for interested people who want to help
Nah he's right though
Finished Alicia keys remix yesterday. Will post on Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2 this week. Get our latest remixes on our souncloud
Hi Chicago, don't forget about brunch tomorrow. Sahara Toast-so hot you can fry an egg on it.French toast with fruit.Fresh homemade Granola
why is that hideous its a good thing when Boston plays poorly and looses lol.
Some guy almost ran me over at the Nora Steak N Shake,he was pulling out onto 86th St. & as soon as I walked in front, he started 2 speed up
Thanks for the kind words!
Did you just twitter search: marry mark zuckerberg?
#HugAnOutfielderDay oh yes!(:
Every other teammate would have been like WTF... He passed it to me?
Mission accomplished.
RT ": No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player."
To whoever stole my beer tonight: FUCK YOU.
Thanks for tweeting about our giveaway :)
Agreed. I advocate for online education as an option, alternative, etc., not as either/or. Too many sweeping statements...
I hate not being able to sleep!
It's accumulating...
I LOVE johnny depp too..but this one doesn't look that good to me. I'll see it just cuz of him, but otherwise, probably wouldnt
Get back to me when you eat spaghetti with a knife. That's hardcore utensil substitution.
“Who dat” didn’t start with the New Orleans Saints but in a vaudeville shows in the late 1800s and was used by jazz musicians in the 1920s.
Five hours later, I've earned 1GB of space on Strangely enough, I don't feel like the morning was a total waste...
's new culinary advice service, Curate Your Plate, is doing wonders for me. I've snacked my whole day away!
Staten Island: are you ready for the fresh air? #ReforestationDay with !
Nothing better than a good read and a warm cup of #tea! What's your favorite book?
love you
Rope some dope
For frame of awesomeness, The Odd Numbers' "Little Kings and Queens" was in the same Santa Cruz video as fIREHOSE's "Brave Captain."
Phrases used today: snake-pit, like a bad penny, harrowing experience.
got that new blurberry phone on deck
We need to have mega-doses of Gods Word. A little dab on Sunday morning wont do you!
": The economics of empathy. Welfare promotes economic growth. #nerdland" just laid it out.
RT : Y'all gotta stop confusing black people with niggas.
I HATE talentless celebs. Nothing more than a waste of space.
If I see another damn post about #KONY2012 on #instagram or #twitter I'm a put a special operation team together to find this guy.
My grandmother had a camaro and a lot being driven by "Sisters" here in Atlanta......
would LOVE to go to Hop Fest again! Volunteered last ye and had a blast!
Bill Parcells: "Players haven't changed (from the 80's until now), it's the people
Domestic bliss - Now the conversation has moved onto the effectiveness of Gillette's fusion razer.
In Florida at annual Palm Beach Photo Centre FOTOFUSION Saw Joyce Tenneson Jimmy Colton Robert Farber Ross Whitaker at tonight's exhibit
Me very cool. I'm producing theater in nyc for the first time: )
You know-cliches become cliches for a reason...
i told my mom i need a poster of him. haha
link not working
Cloud Marketing is the collection of different Internet-based marketing services, allowing marketing functions to operate more effectively.
Good morning, Twitter. Anything happening on the #SocMed front in #DC today?
Yup. RT #mybestfootballmemory scoring the game winner vs. Algeria in the WC 2010
of course
opening day!! its friday friday gotta get down on friday!
Grothman in the house. "Overwhelmingly, the number of people who file a complaint ... found to be frivolous immediately." Source?
Sorry girl, mono is a bummer. Feel better soon.
HILARIOUS to watch Gloria, Wolf & ALL the LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA freaking out today FEARING a WRIGHT/OBAMA meltdown.
Had to skip last session so my dad can take me out for Mexican tonight.
The things you learn when you are not in pursuit of knowledge..
#churchplanters When you speak from your heart the vision is in it's truest form! #presentations w/ no heart is a waste of time!
I'm at the edge of my seat waiting on every update.
Yes wishes! Now you can help them, and you, turn those wishes into goals - using pictures you draw, cut from magazines, and any other way.
Ah well, next time then!
.... hello. :) I'm here. Sorry for my bad twitter etiquette. I will try to be more active.
School gets new computers in every classroom :D They all have Windows XP D:
#inDanvilleVa Green Street Niggas Don't Beef
I feel like a dinosaur trying to figure this out.
Um hm, what's up with that? What's up with that?
NO NO NO!!! Feel free to unfollow me. I am a diehard #Cowboys fan. I only followed cause he's a fellow ND grad
Glad to hear that! Happy Mothers Day!
Eric Dickerson former RB & SMU alum, said: "I'll be taking a pay cut by playing in the NFL!" SMU got the "death penalty"
This is the second time in a week we've had tornadoes in one part of the state and snow in another. Gotta love #Minnesota weather!
RT I kno a lot of people but I only fuck wit a Select Few!
of course :)
Any time. I'd tip my chef hat but they designed these to stay on at all times.
I hate being the only one awake
My father used to say "agree with everybody but have your own way at the end of the day" This could be a YES strategy :)
"The Sporting Life: Career in Sports" panel starts at 10:30am! Will be moderated by and speakers include &
North Korea ready for third nuclear test: expert
Are you riding Reach the Beach? How is your fundraising going? Don't forget to use Twitter to help reach your goal - so fun + easy!
It's a beautiful day at the Links! Come out and enjoy a round!
I can't come on because I stepped on a toothpick. It broke off & part of it is still in my foot. I need to go to the Dr. to have it remov...
He is such a doll, there is no regrets this time (ask me about another time). And it was for a great cause, the Tigers Foundation.<3!
#TheyNeedToBringBack Eisenhower to whip all those Taliban rebels in the ass
Happy Birthday!!!
I hate voicemails!!!! Omg I don't listen to them lol
Thanks new followers
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." --Mother Teresa A good policy, yes?
when u free?
Gave his all for ETSU today
Maree gets round of applause after opening video about
Hate this time of year when year-end, quarterly estimated and quarterly sales taxes are all due at the same time.
If you have any #WhenAustin's, tweet them to me and I'll tweet them and give you credit. :)
Your adventure has to be coming out of your own interior. You must have courage. No security, no rules. - J Campbell
The fact that an I can talk about anything >>>>
Retweet that Ms Terry - so "TRUE"
<== Headed out later today to spend about a week with my ☀Baby☀!!! #LGBT On the 20th is our 5 month anniversary!! ♥
ok, I forgive you.
Bro Shots.
quit whining about valentines day
Dont get married to a man, if you know you want a chick.
I feel sick.
Emmy® Award-Winning TV Host Martha Stewart Will Teach America to Cook on New PBS Series
I still have service? Haha
Who is your Twitter crush?
Ready to go hooommmmeee. The food sucks here. #MAthemeatloaf!
damn that sucks! Why didn't you just tell them where you were Lol
Had a great day at the studio The countdown for New Orleans has begun
#Str8LykeDes... I need a real fucking smoke brake....
tooth extracting commencing. just received local.
You're welcome. :)
come to my friend's party!
NEW RECORD!!!!! 6 hours since I've puked!
Oh, btw Good morning Loves <3
We all livin on borrowed time...
on a less depressing note, I think it's cool you're getting to see the sunrise already. I haven't even gone to bed yet!
Follow me gorgeous <3
hey Sasha how ur summer coming along, I know it been a long since we talk, but I don't be on twitter like that.I'm onfacebook
have you missed it at all? Why did you delete yours?
what u doing awake
Mittens' comment "You get to ask the Qs you want, I get to answer the Qs I want" is giving me Sarah Palin flashbacks.
I wanna hear all of them ^_^ RT : One Direction recorded at least 80 songs since they've been together.
Cinetopia just got a huge thumbs down for not having the shows playing it said it would. Only redeeming factor. Diet coke caffeine free.
Anybody else also STOP shopping at #Goodwill Stores after watching all their endless commercials on every channel every night???
Vote for Victorian Halls as DISCOVERY OF THE YEAR on the French site
Shouldn't have had that double meat and extra cheese sub from subway. Don't want to go back to work.
How about a close to accurate impersonation without hearing it but knowing the results
RT : Tightest brand in the world? The Green Bay Packers. Open to debate, but it'll end in fisticuffs. ^RS have to agree
my 8-year old could do that math, easy peasy. But he does love tall buildings. ESB minus Taj Mahal = x and all that.
Dont run your mouth if you dont know what the fuck your talking about.
