just went on a 5 mile run and i feel awesome , adding on a mile every week to train for the rock n roll marathon :-)
If your a veteran or soon to be transitioning out of the military you need to follow Have a lot of jobs available for vets
it used to be true for you. but i fell for someone else. and i never got over him. okay .
I think this summer should be the summer we move into that one place by grandmas...
Alright cool, thanks! I was looking at one and then I got a disclaimer about unregistering which kind of took me back
i watch ur videos when im down...they bring me up again! U r super funny u should defanately b in a movie:);)
Nice! You're making jealous with these finds.
Haha of course I will =)
Today in Literary History: On March 22, 1908 Louis L'Amour was born in North Dakota.
its almost May, the months have been flying hopefully the summer won't, can't wait.
I play by my own rules. Scare whenever applicable. Tease. Eavesdrop. Share snacks. :)
Decided for my birthday I am going to be Tinkerbelle
since when are you a blonde?!
that should read pinky swear! Stupid auto correct!
Diggy - Do it Like You sounds a little like Nicki Minaj - Right By My side. Same producers?
We will,have an update on our Facebook this weekend, get excited!
Our good friend Kyle Thompson from Wolves Among Men will be filling in on singing tonight. Come check us out at Fuel in Humble tonight!
that's hot bro
Also, Go Devils!
#BestTVThemesEver Cheers, The Facts of Life, Golden Girls, Growing Pains, Who's The Boss, Perfect Strangers
lol i know! haha well at least its ur not 6! (other way of putting the 6 year difference lol)
Thanks for the follow.
I don't pay attention to labels...I'm more into style
Why is it raining today :-(
// Tom, Thanks for the #FF mention! We truly appreciate it!
I wanna work at babe central :(
bring back footie pajamas!!!!!!!!!
I'm here to pick my wife up from her clinicals. I've heard a few intense discussions while I wait.
The LASM gala is in four days! Tune in to this afternoon at 4:00 to learn more about one of the best parties in
Woke up to the sweet song of carpet being replaced upstairs.
The last stop day eve...
<double-take> Was that really Esperanza Spalding I just spotted leaving the Bloomberg building? Why yes, yes it was.
sorry boo personal BUSINESS
80 degrees in Milwaukee...I'll take it.
Tenacious D just tempered my growing bad move.
Parents complain about no milk in the house. Bitch, get your lazy ass up and walk to the corner store and get some. -.-
Wow twitter can get pretty sexual, hahaha.
shush up no need to be bitter your team is already out you big Meanie! lol
A question for those of you who have lived in the same place for over twenty years: What do you do, to not get so bored with your home town?
thanks for the #ff! back at ya!
what's ya up to right now? At this moment? Would love to know!
My wife made it to her moms from the Vera Bradley outlet sale over an hour ago which is 10 mins from our house.
whoah.. calm down..
ima call you back in a few , im getting ready to go.
“ I Fake Smiles So People Won't Worry About Me ,”
your sister. Not much of a fan
Ugh. Today looks like it's going to be a dismal one here in #Cville. & I hear the week's bringing more of the same.
gorgeous! As always!
Today is Call In Action Day! Please call 311 (outside New York call 212-639-9675) and let them know how important libraries are. Thanks!
Lol this girl on the stair case wouldn't turn around and say it to my face. 😏
May not have been the prettiest win... But 10-0 nonetheless. Bring on Detroit
deffo when they sang that "being mature" song. YEAH OK, we all know your not mature. :)
give me a moment to put on my tap shoes and black face. I'll be right back. You paying in watermelon and fried chicken, right?
I dnt work till the 9th..I'll stop by then what u doing tonight...
Thanks for following us. Send me address and I will send you a couple samples
dog we love ya
I've been inside all day, its so nice outside!!! Atleast I'm making money?? Blahh
I wish that wasn't so dark!!
Uh, today I miss paper statements. Did I say preparing #taxes SUCK! I rather be doing art.
I GO with my BAD self!
tease ma cock man
Wtf not me..
If you're going to change the 6AM flights out of #LAX to start boarding at 5:15 then you need to open the United Club before 5AM.
should I fingerpaint while I'm having sex? RT ": #YourSexIsWEAK if you don't get creative with it."
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 44
Rye Rye Rocco....Marco Esquandolos....Been you to have any spliff...Man!!!
where u been?
huh???u know me?
If Casey Anthony didn't kill her , the who did?
video games. Haha
RT : "Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration . . and expectation." -Jack Niklaus
with poplyfe management...
Thx 4 the s/o support is d key :) RT : Also S/o ms & for the continue support and leading the crowd!
That's how we do it in America “: A boy found a live hand grenade during an Easter egg hunt over the weekend”
At Mamaws. (: shower first. Meet people later.
"What do you want to major in?"
Missed u todayRT : Great day at #CBExpo2010. Lots of awesome ideas and a fantastic buzz afterwards. Thanks to all for showing up.
Want to Grub with GAIN? If you're in San Francisco we want to hear what you love/hate, and lunch is on us!
Newbury Street: What's sweet, delicious and utterly divine? Our CARAMEL APPLE froyo! Pair it with a caramel latte from !
Doing some tutoring in Greek and Latin.
Up early, time to paint the dinosaurs.
Wow! I fucking can't believe this shit!
We bleed BLUE! Let's go ! Gotta win this game tonight!
Man, when the glass pane separating our dreams from reality shatters, there's nothing to hide behind. Vulnerable, raw, real...
The Doods are sorry to hear about Whitney Houston. They would have tried to make her feel better...
Because you know deep down, 10/10 times says your going to be humiliated in front of your target audience, meaning like 20 people.
Haven't felt this good in a long time. Thanks, long-time friends. Some days I am sure I am the luckiest girl in the world.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my sneakers....who am I kidding? Im not a coon
YES. North Carolina can suck it. Obama has finally joined us in endorsing gay marriage. I am so happy today :)
Raja dat! If you in San Jose we stay at Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market on Sat. 9am-2pm Mean da
Was told I have great #style today
In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your paths. ~Proverbs 3:6
skinny Joe looking great!!
thank god rip is gone... too bad t.prince has to stay here now that seems like a really bad signing. Should a cleaned house!!!
Umm... how was that not a travel?
feeling that sweetness... have a nice day, ladies! Shake n Bake!
Our sessions on Saturday mornings are sure to relieve any stress that you may have, leaving you with a great night's sleep.
I kidnapped Charlie, you better answer me or he goes to another world
#first40songsonshuffle 2. show me the skyline - get on your feet
Can I consider myself an expert at weight loss seeing not only have I lost a total of 20 pounds, but I got my luggage from 64# to 46#?
Don't forget to catch alum & coach Scott Brooks on the show 6pm ET,
what up teach hope you are good
I have to install some updates so I wont reply for a little bit
is listening to the new Kylie and FINALLY going thru my 2009 tax receipts. Better late then nevah ;-D
I want to meet hester or atleast get my picture with him. I've got his autograph 9 times the last 3 years at training camp.
imma beat ya ass on di train
All these damn projects! There goes my weekend
Big Thank You to everyone who came out last night to watch me fill my stomach with Player of Paris! I'm off to the Emergency Room Honeymoon.
yes, watching livestream on my mobile. I'm liking how he's taking questions mid-presentation...I can't quite see the graphics.
You're Dear Abby for alcoholic sluts!
Did not realize that a "large" salad meant "vat-sized."
following you back
happy one year 11month anniv. to me and
no fucking way. zerg rush causes ... CLICK RAGE! CLICK RAGE!
Hopefully i get a special b-day greeting from this girl ..
“: Plan 9 from Outer Space?” That's the one! Perfect for rainy day chuckles.
“: This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !” we love you magic!!
I might've had too much Red Bull, cuz the world is vibrating.
im just going to be performing. Saturday night got some big show at the improv. how u?
If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
no school
Wal-Mart de Mexico Engaged in Widespread Bribery, NYTimes Reports
And its your hometown. I respect that. I have a couple buddies that are Husker fans. I just love the game!
Excited to visit tonight! MT : ICE! At the Gaylord National! Starting November 18th through first week of January!
You're welcome! (and despite the mess Next Nature made, it's cool to see my own work bounced back at me. :)
Couldn't decrease the quality/readability of most charts published in journals. I'm up for that app! :)
I adore 's smile.
Should Helmets Be Required? The Dangers of Repetitive Brain Injury
Thanks for the shout out!! :)
DR_THUNDERJONES Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
you may be right but I was under the impression that you dealt with environmental issues...which was why I followed
yeah well Houston is kinda sticky but warm ....where ya at?
But thanks Dean Ginzberg for the remarks. I'll always be a brand ambassador for
Kris I can't remember where but what e-mail address should I sent it to?
accepted my friend request (: I feel lived <3
Rise and Grind! In the Hollywood Hills, ready for my 8am training session!
loved them. they were so cute!
LOL! You still love me though ;-)
aw thank u....sorry im late“ #10prettypeopleIFollow ”
good. Sorry for the late reply
really? I really like him
Good luck on your final! Thank you for the shirt and the card! I'm honored to have been able to help a little.
I've noticed it going down a bit. 20 cent drop is the average. Till its back to $2 I won't be happy
PSA: Instagram is not photoshop it's not gonna make your face look better.
your welcome!!
Please yield to geese
RT : YAY!! Congrats to all the winners! Make sure to DM me!! :)
strippers dont do that your silly
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own.... ."
Just arrived at home, Thank You Lord..
Good one!
"When you make a commitment, you create hope. When you keep a commitment, you create trust."
your a meanie butt :(
DON'T SWING
The 1 time #Kobe takes a charge they don't call it. After a dope play Blake made that they didn't call either. Smh.
RT To #live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist that is all-Oscar
Ok waitress has asked me 3x am I in Law Enforcement I answer no she replies your presence is full of authority....my thoughts
Let's go Brewers!
Mr. Cub, Ernie Banks is mingling with fans at the Captain Morgan Club! Stop by and say hi!
Tweet us! Let us know you still want this band going!!! We want your opinions..
Come warm up with a big bowl of CHILI! Only $2.95!!
miss you already :(
BNPcover:Patti Smiths-BecausetheNight Katrina & the Waves-Walkingon Sunshine or play it safe with Gregorian Chants-SalveMaria tough choice
when ur the first one to complete an assignment, ur about to get up an realize u gotta #RandomBonerInClass so u sit ur ass back down haha:'[
we were just talking :D
Hm..tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo...where would I want to go? Masa Azul...of course!
thanks auntie!! 😃
and this maiden she lived with no other thought than to love and be loved BY ME
All's fair in love and basketball.
Enjoying the way the Mets are playing...
Throw some salsa on top! Oh wait, are you still at the hospital?
i see you watched The Shawshank Redemption last night too
You've got a pretty heady clock going for you today.
I didn't hear it, but I imagine John Sterling having a very difficult time making the call on that final out
UR SOO AMAZING SO PROUD OF U AND IT WOULD REALLY MAKE MY WORLD IF U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK. IT BE A WISH COME TRUE <333
Headed to United Center.
do you dig pop/ rock music?? listen to this... www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
You are creating prosperity when you share in prosperity. President Barack Obama
cuz, get me one of those foam 3 goggles
ah yes, thanks reminds me of the homes I'll be seeing today in Santa Rosa :)
touch down in the la la land for Thanksgiving! whoop whoop!:)
#bowwownation why my friends don't want to go to Miami with me :'( I really want to party with Wizzle.. who can I run too
Pilates and Zumba!!!
I so want a sanck I can't wite to eat ta habaldo.
AAWW. THANKS Jonathan... THAT MEANS ALOT TO ME.. YOU ARE AWESOME IN FOOTBALL & BASKETBALL..SO GLAD I KNOW YOU !! THANKS
Aw, I love you Lex! I can't believe you're in Germany you amazing girl.
They say lil mama I'm a big fan #bang bang
All 4 NWPC Endorsed candidates are headed to the GE after primary results!!
:) RT : We worked hard tonight! Can't wait to do it at Jordan Hall. CS is like the all-stars of choral groups.
A whole lot of packing and running errands today.
aw what would you bring her? Are you gonna watch the WTK thing tonight?
If you are coming out to any of the events for the ReFocus opening remember that there are street closures on North Laura
Boo! RT i do not care for the music of soulja boy
Get the Craziest and Most Unsual Facts Everyday From This Guy Has me Thinking Every Time! Love It
As well as a Misspell 'capitalize' type Of mood It would appear
Wow! Quite a lot of folks out to see his Oness @ The Ohio State University.
Starting to feel it in my legs all the running around 2day..gd exercise though n we had a blast!
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
If the Chevy Volt is the first car you loved, you've got major problems.
dog tired. might stay n bed al day.
It's sad when you have to overcome the people your living with rather than let them guide you to be successful.
good seeing you last night and congrats :) Welcome to the #NEU club!
HEY GUYS NEED A NEW TEXTING BUDDY
Happy New Year to you all. Welcome to a refreshing 2012.
Do I smell a whore?
Say "Hi" to our new followers!
thanks, jenn! can't wait to hear all about the conference when you get back!
Aww! Thank you! And you're very welcome! :]
Thought I made a typo but didn't.
then again I love Wu-tang, Gn'R, Giorgio Moroder, Carcass, COF and Pulp so I'm all over the place :)
Can it be later so mike and I can watch Ghost Adventures and be gay for ????
Much the same as bedroom=Carnegie Hall & cat = sold-out house? But feedback with words instead of meows...
Did you just become my tw'irlfriend?
Aww my aunt's having a boyy(:
punk plays drunk better than Hardy plays sober
Editing and creating. Something we love to do around here!!
On the bus with a bunch of weirdooos
Shower time :)
Talk is cheap, but the wrong lifestyle can send u away permanently. That's why I created a service for #DBoys looking for a way to clean up!
Watching the Giants/Redskins Game with my son! Yeah I'm HAPPY!
has monkeys in his mind!
so wats up
beautiful sunny 50s!!
Oh it was both great and an adventure - you should come out next year
That was the day I was born March 7,1965. I was born in history when Martin L. King to Selma.
RT : Racism is not simply "I hate you." It is incredible deference for some, and utter skepticism of others.
thanks Mike:-)... I know Nadal on clay is going to be hard!!!
that's why i love ya zak.
Google offers is offering 5 for 10 at Starbucks today :-D
you're so welcome :D ♥
YEEEEEE #SaySomethin IS ABOUT TO PLAY AGAIN
: We LOVE the Links-A-Lot Necklace at it is a must have for summer!
Hello Hank :D
with Gia Fragallli working on Layouts... Does anybody have some coffee????
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
More followers to promote our dancers!
It smells like chicken
Manny taking roids 50 game suspension makes one wonder why
no actually that makes sense..more common in organic or cage free than in cheaper egg mill eggs. But 4 in 1 is crazy!
's boss just left work. No point of staying too! I'm out!
That's great! We'd love to hear what she had to say.
I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by Me. (St. John 14:6)
Great job big show! Congrats!
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO ADD AN ASK BOX ON TUMBLR D:
The Terminator Returns. May 21st.
Even first graders know when to use I or me.
was kitana nerfed? I just did a 2hit combo + the ex-ray for a whopping 18% damage... somethings wrong lol
Graphic Design And Web Design - Web graphic design
RT : “: Hey, I put some new shoes on an suddenly everythings alright” --Good song // Also a good idea
Looking for creative ways to earn money for college.
Good luck on the house. Statue hasn't helped us yet. Where's your house? We're looking south suburbs: Franklin, Oak Creek, etc.
oh ur in trouble wat did u do
New web portals launched for Sun Media papers
what that post 2 mean?
I LOVEE YOUR NEW TATOO<3 my days been okayy but it will be even better iif you follow me(:
#GiadasValentine Such yummy ideas!
so true...we say yes to God or yes to the enemy
Well HELLO! Got Facebook too?
#PrettyLittleThings extremely close to picture lock!
New blog up...check it out at www.KissandIM.com and sign up to get e-mails about future blogs!!
These final 4 in are so good. So bummed.
Enchiladas...beef or chicken severed with rice and beans!
oohh, dont feel like that, its ok, love u <3
I just saw 'inbox' used as a verb. Business jargon continues its unwavering campaign against language.
No boy.
Do you have that Louisiana Purchase?
im sorry, what do you mean 505?
I think across pro sports thought process has been proven wrong many times (zito, pujols currently, jayson werth, Crawford, etc)
Internet Explorer advert w/dubstep backing track.
Celebrity Jeopardy is more my style
I'd be asleep now if there weren't some Caps drama. Listening to the 3rd overtime in bed. What a game!
LMAO your sister just posted the exact opposite!!!
just lately
#NW Anchorman: Legend of Ron Burgundy
If you don't want no one in your business, then take care of your business.
Sick of Ohio I'm ready to move to the beach
That's cool ;D we'll register4 Summer starting May 1st. I'll try2 send reminders2 all our #hmcct girls. Stay in Touch! CUonFB :)
All my bitches nasty Like a cold dinner
At the apple store (yes, a venue for tff) waiting for Kerry Washington and Naomi Watts...
Watched the #StopKony video in its entirety... It almost seems surreal.
"I'm a woman of science. Well, at least that's what my horoscope says." - I love Phineas & Ferb. :)
new anachronism #improvisation. 11 percussionists at computer keyboards, acoustic. encore typewriters.
You're sexy as fuck, youfuck
That's called a busy spring! I won't be at (school event) but I will be - See you there!
lost ones😍
Help us help the world. Please spread the word.
Sure & he is the racist as hell himself! Vote #RonPaul 2012 who accepts all races & creeds! He is our man!
Advice please! I want to get my boyfriend a trip for Christmas & his birthday... He's a French chef so I need a place w amazing food. Help!
ought to tweet about dontrelle willis
I look forward to it.
I feel so much better.
holy cow ! Bobby Rockets was nuts on Saturday night ! thanks to all who came out !!
thank you Wendy for following me!
its Asian my dear and was your hashtag a joke #oh hahahahahaha
Dear strip mall biz using costumed fools to wave at traffic: These make me want to put my car through your front window, NOT buy from you.
exactly idiot im not dumb but can you at least treat me like a friend instead of some awkward stranger? Please
love the fro! the best to your new book!
Spoke to a PR class at St. Ed's today and may have accidentally scared off most of the students from ever working in agency PR...
Omg REVENGE! Best show! Who watches?!
:) Life support!
Book your Spring Kleening and recive 20% off your first appointment!
is it filled with lots and lots of vonnegut? lol, jk
there's a food crisis in my house right now...I'm out of provolone
please tip one back for me in all yalls location. I hope they have sexytime
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives. ~Louise L. Hay
And I thought the Yale therapy dog was daring! What a fascinating idea!
School time guys,see ya.
RSD is about supporting our local record stores & getting people back into real music stores, it's not about ripping people off
lol...retired?...yes then it is slightly more confusing!
Homework assignment for new librarians looking for work: make 2-3 coffee dates per week with other librarians to learn about their paths.
So grateful to have Mandy Selke and Carly Swift of Just Pop In! at our event this morning. Inspiring ladies! www.justpopinonline.com
:) Be sure to check out our music when you can. We're underground selfmade
Tonight I'm in a great mood. I'm excited for the amazing mood I'll be in tomorrow night :) Gonna be a good weekend.
Congrats on being on the list of top 100 PR Twitters! That's so great!
LOVED the Rick Pagano evening! These 'Inside the Mind of...' eves are like being part of the best club in town!
Fine by me! #SupportTheArts RT : Seriously, does Stella Artois sponsor EVERY film festival?!
I love catching an 8-car train home! Got a seat all to myself, and no one standing on my toes.
I hear "public scholarship" a lot, although one imagines that all public-ations are by definition notionally public....
$4 Heineken Big Beers!
Extremely! Still in Utter Shock!!!
I'm happy I got to see her and kiss her before she leaves but sad that I didn't really get to visit her
biked by there today. What is so cool about it?
Thanks for the suggestions
as do you my friend!
People say love is the most important thing in the world. I think oxygen is much more important.
Thats right! Hope you do well!!
Baxter: The damage from #HB56 has already been done
#tie2011 Twitter for teachers, Raffelson, looking forward to some new ideas
that's how you keep a college life going on and on and on and on...but you always know where to find the fun stuff...
u cant belive this omg! is following me!!!!:)
getting drunk at the hot tub cause YOLO
cool. thanks!
Did you mean: The woman pulls the door of the night and went - had high heels.
Trak has a legal and services division too so it's not just libraries. You might be qualified for one of those positions.
Wow RT National campaign after kid dies in hot vehicle - wapo.st/piseso
The track "Neck Bones" is some serious Fonk make that Bass Talk Wayman!
why you scared im excited !
I already gave money, and if i can give more i will.
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 8
#Facebook has 33 #lobbyists working for them
Vanilla Twilight by Owl City makes me think of you. (: That's why it's our song. 
Wish me a Happy Birthday :D
blushing out your ass? you should honestly get that checked out. :)
Leadership is making sure your team gets to the playoffs even though you're hanging by a thread! #redsox :)
Coming up on the TJMS: Tyler Perry joins the party and chats with the crew!
You're a bad person. You're a bad person!
Time for a smidgen of #yoga. Bc it's rarely a good day without it. Deep breaths.
Just bought a Panama jack bike and a 32inch flat screen TV. Sigh :-)
My damn allergies are killing me.
Discussion on how to disruptly improve education
HA, Braun will jealous if i go out with another MLB guy
I will, thanks. Lol, so funny.
RT : Revenge is a dish best served cold, just like the center of a rare 22oz bone-in ribeye!
Same handle... 'susannahamanda'. Let's play!
#AlexandriaVA City Council voted 6-1 to approve the Beauregard Small Area Plan.
Yup, I couldn't wait. It's 4:30am.
Why must I spend my money so FAST.
that is SO 20 years ago. Try "zot" that's only from ten years ago.
what'd you get him? Lol, and hmm thats weird.
let me buy MLB 2K12 after she saw that was on the cover.
i think that should collaborate with that would be interesting.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
i might make a video of me singing something idk yet so we will see night my loves-Tamya:P
WHAT is message in a bottle? It sounds extremely cheesy.
she's totally missed the value in what you do.
they kick you out for price checking, though they do it themselves. But hundreds of kids all checking one item price? How fun!
Trying to follow all Reps from is apparently more important than my Spanish Translation exam in 4 hours...
Instead of supporting this after leaving office like the other cowards ( looking at you Gore, Cheney) #ObamaBiden2012 support it now.
Fire Spinners Scintillators just confirmed to perform. Parking lot fire juggling action this sat! #hoosforhaiti [via ]
did everyone have a good weekend?
whatev dude, im always appropriate lol
blehhhh I have a headache -__-
Well....Looks like we might have to support the UFL this year!
Philly311 Testimonials: They were excellent. Make sure that you tell them that I said "Excellent". -Friday, April 13, 2012
thx for the follow. Looks like we have a few of the same passions. and
They said hey GIRL! Were at Valenza Restaurant by the movies
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
What if the Titans took Janoris Jekins here? Stranger picks have happened so far.
It's the least I can do, and I'm always happy to do that.
#Vitamins #Minerals #Supplements #Appetite Suppressant #Recommended Food Guide Servings per day. I have an idea! 2812
so many bros checking their phones right now, i'm surprised the network hasn't crashed.
What a fabulous night! Many thanks to all of our supporters who came out for WPA tonight!
Swiss VPN server vpn-et1 the server is down, we contacted upstream. We have a ticket in and trying to get a ETA on return.
The worst part about sending a lot of email is it means you are going to get a lot of email.
happy birthday wish u the best
in all seriousness though, ill miss you dude. We had some good times on here.
Equal parts nostalgia and desire to move on cancel out to stagnation. So no new blogging projects, but not reviving that one one either.
The curse of the sea-green uniform does not bother the kite.
Vermes' Army Unite!! Time to battle. We're Out To Win The League. Let's go Sporting!
I don't like my women single.. I like my chicks in two's.. -Drake
haha just let him be. You're all good! Haters will hate.
Really North Carolina? I say every person who is should pack up and move to a gay friendly state! Let NC see what that does for business!
I wrote that!(;
patrons find it goes well with milk...
it happened as you were texting me :(
dont hate. its good
We never know the love of our parents for us until we have become parents. -Henry Ward Beecher
Are you a Landlord? Lkg for short-term luxury apartment w/ balcony on high floor at #Boston Harbor Towers. Great client prefers furnished.
Think this is enough rain???
"Extend your arms in welcome to the future. The best is yet to come!" -Anthony de Mello
Dude no my internet got turned off today and now my satellite gone out. All I got now is my blackberry
Thanks for article featuring Michael Owen '04 and the Baltimore Love Project
nothing. Am working
not in Towson but I have heard Hamilton has an awesome credit union
You might let and know they have albums posted on their as well.
#10ThingsIWantToBuy.. Normal Girls: Clothes, Shoes, Make Up, etc. Mahomies: Concert tickets, Plane tickets to Miami, Austin Mahone merchs.
sure, I'll be around
My birthday is this month - need to brainstorm a party spot and outfit!
14 hour of driving school helped sharpen my skills!
Hey, we forgot to stop Kony.
Oh yeah, #SeeSaw is great. Getting better every day....
Getting ready to play some music with jack tonight
Why do people on tv never have screens in their windows?
“: I bought into lottery ticket theory and got my mega millions tickets tonight!” good luck
Calm and Warped don't belong in the same sentence. RT: 'Keep Calm and Wait for Warped' but I have no patience...
Haiku is what Online School for girls and GLobal Academy Online are using to create virtual classes-
This day in 1955, Charlie Parker died of a heart attack in New York City while watching Tommy Dorsey's Orchestra on television. He was 34.
uh huh.
Hi Most Likely!!! Would be great to meet you!!
the club?
Only nine oclock damn slow ass clocks lol
Had a very chill night. Ugh I needed it.
All my cloud data is AES 256 because I'm fucked up like that and I read about the en ess a
Fun Saturday morning fact: A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour. Help stay healthy this Fall and Winter with regular massage!
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. Wayne Dyer
~why is Mary did you know not available on iTunes? I want it, but will not put 1.29 on my card when I have iTunes credits.
you lucky duck. does your job know you arent coming in tomorrow ? lol
Agreed. Tremendous show. Skeptical at first, but got sucked in : )
following u saving money is hard So many bills.
Lifehacker had a recent post on auto-muting those ads.
Ah---set the tick to 1.0. Sneaky.
STUPID DIDNT LOG OFF
WHAT CITY SHOULD THOSE #STARCAMPBOYZ HIT NEXT, AND JUST LEFT ARIZONA, WHERE NEXT?
deleting my twitter
hahahahahahahahahahah u mad, bro?
Digging the walkability of central #Milan, and learning a new transit system. Is it sad to get excited everytime I learn a new subway map?
amen. So excited!!!:)
DWade pushed defenseless player on fast break cuz felt refs missed call, then complains Ind celebrated too much Why do people hate the Heat?
i like this song.
how was Moscow? Xo
Thanks for all of your help with web design. You do a great job!
#YeahOK RT : I got summer hatin on me cuz I'm hotter than the sun.
What does a dull pencil and I bad joke have in common..? They both have no Point hahaha -_- not stupid Popsicle stick jokes.
LISTEN WHEN I SAY: there are people that want to see good and people that want to see good burn.
#ask1dneews do you know the boys instagrams?
and I just joined the family!
Yeah, so we have the 10th. I leave 11th in the morning.
magic yesterday said "i think mike brown gets fired if they lose" lakers mgmt released statement backing mike brown
I love , she's bringing my mood up.
Man, what a game lastnight
OH at #tsw2011 "Toilet Balloon: Crap in the balloon and it disappears. It's a cloud-based service." cc:
Don't forget to come through and get your Official Dead Prez tickets !
...never pre-ordering again?
Me as well RT : I was one of the volunteers for Dems entering date on these. I believe numbers are...
When the power of love is greater than the love of power, that is when this world will know peace...
If you're not already follow the Twitter for my next film
dang that's so true! You can't explain things to some people.
Pour some Curry Sauce on Me, Def Leppard.
the game is pitiful these days
haha we are.. Just not a secret from you.
follow me backk
So what are everyones plans for the Holiday? I am heading to good ol' El Centro for some family fun!
please follow me follow me :( if you dont follow me hahah
Cool! I've been (poorly) cartooning lately. Mrs. Vigneau has been helping me with hands and feet!
right! I was to :( I'm so grateful my best friend brought it for me :)
RT : #ILovePittsburgh is trending USA wide!
ew bro you were in disney? Lmfao
30.5k on final break... gogogogo! race to the top!
Thanks for the follow looking forward to the great advice :)
Savage u <3
you "gotta go" in the trash... :)
THANK YOU JESUS
Welcome to the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force at ! #dctf We are live from the in Detroit.
Congrats to Green Bay's Jarius Wynn Gets his degree from UGA tomorrow. Reaching his dreams.
Wal-Mart = Moral or Ethical Overconfidence. "Trust is a professional hazard...verify!"
Grupo Fantasma at the Mohawk's 5th Anniversary was dope. Tonight there's championship roller derby at the Palmer Events Center.
we'll see you soon!
We will check out that blog
Who is your favorite artist of all time... 2012 too!!!
Other than that, peer ambassador and ALARP was super fun <3
If everyone had #emojis texting would be so much less complicated👉 #truth 😃❤
LAUSD Superintendent Asks For Tax Increase To Help Pay For Full School Year
Contents of my desk: peanut butter granola (allergic), half-empty bottle of soy sauce, and a Christmas lamp.
as you can think of knowing it will get you on TV or recognized on other media platforms
Damn What the Trouble Females Go Thru Just to Ruin a Relationship
good morning! :)
Vulcan mind reader
The part of the sentence that happens after "but" matters way more than the part before it… pay attention!
Not as great as you think it would be. lol.
Found a solution to a database issue last night using my phone after I went to bed. Loving my #Thunderbolt with
out the door st VA Medical Center. The New Director making some great changes. Doing some brainstorming of Veteran March on Washington prep
I LOVE that the men in my life are overprotective... that's genuine love.
I wanna reach through the tv and punch him sometime poor Slim
A beautiful day on Lake Austin..
The avengers!
Follow on Twitter -- she plays Olivia on , does all the wardrobe, and, on a rare night, eats raw, human flesh.
after the round I played today , I might as well put my clubs on Craig's list .
Thank you, much appreciated.
(He's not bad, but I feel like he pulls a lot of punches with his jokes.)
No your not I watch it all the time girl!
just remembered that I'm busy Tuesday evening, any other day?
“: no matter how hard i try, i dont think i will ever really be over you.”
Good luck. =) Didn't know you were a marathoner as well.
Pedal Practice: Put up double bass pedal & move your left foot between kick pedal and hihat. Create simple ostinatos to play over.
NYC - where people will act surprised or confused when you tell them you believe in G-d before you can provide rationalized caveats.
If there are errors in other religions, that is none of our business. God, to whom the world belongs, takes care of that. - Sri Ramakrishna
think you can water my driveway for me?
Not for me.
On the phone with my bae :)
hi.I know u dont know me but I don't like people being sad:(
i have a serious problem with her neighbor
How you doin' lately? I'll bet you can almost taste the cannoli at the end of the gondola ride ;)
where u at now? LA or H
"Don't cry because it's over, #smile because it happened." #Right, find me someone whose first thought is this one after a loss
See you in March! :)
I'm about to adopt the dog that was in the tornado that lost an eye and leg
Are we having a #Fifaparty or what?
turn your TV to CNN if you're home
the headset yelling at you to change the battery but youre too lazy to get up ..
#NFAIS Only 42% of adults have used their phone to entertain themselves while bored. I can't relate. ;-)
Now playing: 'The One You Say Goodnight To'. I've been humming it all day. <3
I think maybe Dante's 9 circles of hell refer to looking for a parking spot.
RT : #Pisces is very home-loving and loyal, and will want the same in his partner.
you're welcome :)
I haven't said anything on my blog yet about the giveaway--you're all the first to know. 100 followers is the goal!
hello, Lisa! Thanks for all the great input to the SNC. Can't wait for #paycon!
Are you on DreamHost? I am and today has not. been. fun.
...discomfort in the gum area...I wash my hands... with two fingers while cuddlin' my baby,..I gently massage the gums...
hope you have a good day at work :)
Ah im a fucking beast in 2k !
Hailey Anne resting now. So calm. LONG long day, good day.
Thx! Chicken now undergoing water-drip torture.
nice job (as always) wilde. Thanks for sharing.
lmaoo.. I hate Kobe though.
#mentionyourcrush I guess its not a secret anymore :b c;
please tell me you are at home and not at the shop
regardless, I think it's time to make a new one!
A reader is an essential tool RT : A1. I subscribe to feeds on topics of interest to me...so I am up-to-date.
We've lost the experience of discovery. I liken it to art "about" something. Fiction that can be paraphrased is lifeless.
#2amt I have never seen a succesful production where what happened after intermission felt longer than what happened before.
How would you feel if any one of those three skills were lacking in an English PhD recipient?
Come join me at ECCO Thursdays, TONIGHT! We have an OPEN BAR from 10-11. Text "ECCO" to 59925 for the VIP List.
it would make more sense in science fiction, dumbass...
Enjoyed Christmas, finished with a bang.
Going home from the baseball game its not even finished i would stay but im tired ): i had a lond day today
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)
... Man... The Midwest need to have a Midwest massacre 2 in Chicago vs. The east... One home game.. yall deserve it.
This app is great! Have you tried the Overdrive app to download free e-books from LAPL?
We dropped in on the SYTYCD Los Angeles Auditions this weekend and saw so much AMAZING talent!!! This season is going to be the greatest :)
spell check nigga;D
Ethics are practices that lead to trust (Rosen via Zion). But my students trust their friends & not companies/institutions
yep, still going... and thanks to you too for making some of the greatest cars out there ...
To my 100th twitter follower: I would shake your hand, but I don't like doing things half-assed. This would be half-assed.
No problem! One of our staff, Kimmy Spector Wolf used to be a tutor for Launch :)
RT : We believe that 3D enhances the #storytelling experience. Jon Landau, #thecmoclub via
in bball we bust y'all ass in bball and track...
*Uniqlo - it's a japanese clothing brand
where? when? link?
Great work my friend!
#Superbowl Weather was Room/Dome Temperature and so was the show. Looking forward to your mono-on-The5
joining the throngs of mac users and planning 2012. it's going to be good. 2012 that is. not the mac users.
I Love you.
VA House recessing until 9:30 pm to allow Senate to act on House votes on Governor's budget amendments. Just enough time for quick dinner!
#woofwednesday my dog loves to steal my socks and after he runs under the bed and hides
Reporter: "Will you go back to practice this week and improve?" Georgia Tech Coach Paul Johnson: "Either that or quit, I guess."
We could of had it all rolling in the deep.
dude you are living the weird. I love it.
is it K-Rod's Quad or Groin that's injured? Kotsay said it is a groin injury on MLB Network last night.
While surfing, all my banner ad are for international flights - you know me so well!
Let other pens dwell on guilt and misery.
downloading some random program so I can do one project.
oh hey! Great idea. We could have a paper-writing party tonight. Because that's what I'm doing :(
I'm not a big fan on the Pats. xD
Seeing at #RCL2012. :')
thinking about having my ears sewn up :/
I have a few around myself. Those things are indestructible!
No, no, the vodka offer came only *after* you accepted the story. But there *was* vodka drinking during the writing. >.>
So my sister ( the baby) has a huge crush on this dude she met, while working with me. Girl framed a picture of them together.
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!! =)
Looking forward to the SEO session tomorrow with from at
FINALLY!!! KNICKS brings down the HEAT. Go Knicks
asks a great question of how to get journalists aware of the tools available so they know what to cover & how to do it.
only my second #flipclass lesson and i already feel so liberated! much more time to talk to students and help them.
I was out of the hospital the same day, thankfully, but it wasn't how I pictured spending the end of my Spring Break and Pesach.
Know that the Lord is God it is he who made us, & we are his; we are his people, the sheep of his pasture. Psalm 100:3
FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE AT !
Let the record show, that I am the queen of being side tracked!
Thanks Dr.Pat
Told my dogs we heare to Ball just to piss em off
Oh hell yea! : If you have ever played up your accent just a bit when traveling abroad, you might be a Texan.
We have new trial databases with Arabic & Spanish language articles. Try AskZad & Fuente Academica Premier & tell us what you think!
Am still in Daytona roughing it at the Hilton !!!!!!!!!
I think the Charlotte City Council meetings may be our new hang our spot on Monday nites!LOL Maybe we'll see ur face in the place next time!
Learning about weibo, the twitter of China.
FACT: I would be 3% more successful if I found a way to combine cream and sugar into one easy-to-use dispenser.
Coaches, this is a fun question courtesy of If clients are heroes in the films of their life, what Act are they in now?
Loved the design! What a great festival.
When all other forms of communication fail, books will remain. - G.Brockway
False RT : Sex doesn't put you to sleep
My sister and cousin got me hooked on How I Met Your Mother. Been watching it on netflix any chance I get.
love reading articles that inspire me...thx for sharing!
hahaha this got me Weak AF ! RT“: Goal for tomorrow twitpic a picture of her bra 😂”
Ready for today! Who will I see there?
I use the word bitch a lot , sorry bitches.
Freddie Mac Posts Positive Income Numbers, Requests Small Draw
Hope she makes apple pie :) RT : My mom is against social networking online. Period.
Go Hoosiers tonight!!!! Make the Big 10 Proud!
Looking for time/place or something else Matt?
( CONGRATS ON THE BABY AND MARRIAGE GOOD LUCK ))
Economic equity won't solve our problems. Rather, people should be inspired to be ambitious. Aim for the sky, not parity
and music for the deaf. Hey-o!
We have our sponsorship packs ready !! If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!!
wrong. like always.
not gonna lie, #duckduckgo is pretty awesome. high quality search results, less clutter, opportunities for disambiguation early in search.
Bitches these days smh, Just cuz your baby daddy doesn't love YOU that doesn't make it grounds to keep him from seeing his child #Ta'e
Calculate how much you pay for prescriptions over many years. What if acupuncture stopped the problem and drugs are not needed? Savings? Yes
My nephew who is 3, randomly ask me for $60. This little guy is up to something.
wats wrong wit u
buenos días everybody! have a great day
ah Britney kidnapped me and forced me at gunpoint to go w her.
Thanks for the
Shout out to #tweetbot for holding its own this weekend. thanks for the great app!
Checkout the site- www.audish.com - #feedback. Let us better serve you! While you are there, checkout the productions page
wal mart of course
I love NFL free agency. Plotting big things for fantasy 2012.
What a historic day in Denver! Cant wait to cheer on another HOF QB.
Boy Byee, Not Wit Them Shoes On . ( :
Question is: who do you trust truly, viscerally "gets" what econ. hardship feels like? Romney (e.g) or Gingrich/Obama (e.g) ?
KALE has 192% of RDA Vitamin A,1 cup kale = antioxidant, boosts immunity, maintains healthy bones/teeth & essential to reproductive organs.
DANG IT BETH. OUR PLAN GOT FOILED AGAIN! 😡😡😡
I've been well. Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon. My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
How does a person #dream? And if someone has a dream... how does a one #achieve it?
- but in all seriousness, it would be so much fun.
Thank you Nikki! I'm gonna be a monster at IU
im grayson chances new security guard
Pumpkin muffins in the oven...HOORAY!!
You need to love yourself before you can love anyone else.
oh won't admit?
No im fine
so you ready to change your prediction on big t v clips. Come join da team. Lol
Branding with ease and comfort | DT Blog
wow I wish you would come make dinner at my house ☺
Morning tweeps. Let's get this day started!
unknown numbers scare me .. lol
I can hear that.
Ñow I'm not as scared about going to the doctor.. I have a friend to go. Ok yeah I'm still scared.
Phone got wet last night and apparently it was dialing ppl while i was asleep:\ sorry if my phone called u...
hahaha I know, Laken, you are a very sweet, and beautiful chica :)
The last spin kick in The Karate Kid that hit Daniel actually hit and hurt Ralph Macchio.
Okay I'm done with all the mushy mommy moments on Instagram. What can I say I'm a working mom & I miss my baby.
Republic Nightclub tonight with Power 102. Call chris for bottles and into 915-999-9696. Republic Tonight
stil!!!! when do you come back??!?!
hey hit me up when you get a chance.
Heys followers its the Social Media Director: Skyler Laughery. I invite you to join us Aug 26th for a night of fun and live performances.
Hey stranger over there, Im really liking the way you whip it whip it!
Good morning!! Shoot later this morning!! :)
where are you putting this huge device? Backpack? :)
uhh i think he wants to go to kings island this saturday !! 😜🎢
Someone plz tweet me
I am such a big #RObot!!
Can't wait! RT : Great weekend in NYC with dear friends , , , , ,...
I would probably learn more in my sleep than in school since my ap class is over
yea had to happen haha. R u job hunting?
glory glory
You're welcome - keep up the good Tweets!
home bored follow me ;3
Just finished judging the 5 teams of 9/10th graders who created some great looking sites for #Baltimore nonprofits!
We are sorry to hear that Dick Clark has died...we love you Dick Clark! xo RIP
you look amazing!! Can't wait til the magazine comes out!!! Xo
your looking like a tool, not a baller.
You must regret the day u left me ....still trying to get back ....with me no
": is cooler than your refrigerator (; Follow her !" Haha, you are too cute :D
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
where at and wat time
gotta see this
well thank you very much! :) #CodyandMeAreTakingOver haha
Just left Carlos Bakery... My cupcake was delicious
Are you editing it or is that back there doing it?
#hth2012 Frank talking about information management.
~ Music is what feelings sound like.
I know right! I thought our generation knew these things
Trying to figure out whether or not the landlord of the house I wanna rent is gonna rent the house to me or not -_-
always, always! ;)
Happy MLK Day. Honor, Reflect, Act.
Blake & Adam are so cute
Please follow me! I love you!
that's more effort than they put into the game apparently.
Sen. Kohl's desire to move on a new #bucks arena comes at a time of much political turmoil. It's a tough sell, and he knows it.
please contact so we can figure out what us going on.
Love the Foo Fighters!!
THANKS FOR ALL THE NEW LIKES!! :D
Phew track sure does have a lot of events..lol
I've been working on it but it never seems to end! I agree! FREEing. :) Plus, it's nice to share and give away.
take it as a compliment!
you got it bro. Seems like you're on base everytime i go up there. Keep it up buddy
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
About head to the gym in a hour
RT no thank you! : thanks for following!
.... I did like how you put both JB and her POV in the same chapter, really is off to a good start! =) <3
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix is a hoe and marriage"
unimpressed by scheduling service. Front office staff late to open office. 4 walk-ins treated before first appt.
Enjoying a nice sunny day...
OK, we're compare notes in 5 years! lol! :)
Take some time somewhere in your day to learn something for yourself. Otherwise, you will burn out. (V. true )
News Woods has unlucky start at Australian Open Tiger Woods watched three birdie putts lip out early in his opening round at
To keep up with obesity in the United States, the average gummy bear will turn into the size of a grizzly.
Aha! RT : Been up since 7:30am YESTERDAY and NO NAP!!! Just got home and my alarm is going to go off in less than 4 hours....
A scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby? 's students give their take at 10:15 tonight!
Need to hydrate for the night?? Come meet us on El Camino Real next to Ocean Minded in San Clemente
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Shout out And his whole squad. Grind time homeboyss
absolutely agree with both thoughts!
"cops are the phone" "Robery" "marred" "they file" "assisinated." The news is awfully sad too.
Get well soon! Love your tweets.
it's thundering and lightning outside :) favorite weather!!!
Reflecting on the post-Super Bowl hoopla: who cares what Gisele says and/or what Karl Rove thinks?
This just reported by CBS: Giants Win!
I swear if I see one more picture of a rainbow on Facebook today, I'm gonna lose it.
< circle they ass fat lol.
hot coffee, cold coffee, slushy coffee , ice cream coffee, coffee candle, coffee perfume, coffee lip chap
Only 1 Life 2 Live Aint No Reset Button...So I Play The Cards I Was Dealt n Im All In!!!! Win Lose Or Draw Fuck It No Regrets!!!!!
what is duck dynasty? My favorite show. Look it up. A bunch of millionaire rednecks. So funny.
think so.
havin a horrible day omg
If I have one hope for this #NATO action, it is that a bunch of liberals come home (safely) with a newfound consciousness.
Natural talent can only take you so far, "When you wanna succeed as bad as you wanna breath, then you'll be successful"
We're trying feverishly to catch up--only 7,300 more tweets to go! ;)
Spending &75 for a cab home. So mic I could do with this
i also don't like accounts that use proper grammar loooool
It’s not that I think I’m going to get all these things
sweet, you're a lucky girly!
Certain situations suck, and they suck even more because you have no idea how to make them better.
WHAT IT DO YOUNG PUP? LOVE YOU BE SAFE
Hugs are band-aids for emotions. Band-aids wrap around like it's giving what's hurt a hug. :D
all i can think about is going shopping.... ugh! MUST.FOCUS.ON.STATS.
Falling in love with The Smiths a little bit more each time they pop up on my pandora.
Everyday I stub my foot on my bed, it clearly wants to disable me.
*crosses item off list*
great to see you too! And yes, joining Facebook is advised... :)
This is seriously one of the worst days I've ever had.
And the best new artist goes to "Monster" by Kanye West
Sometimes I want to reply, "How is that my problem?"
#vaumc11 Nice Monty Python allusion!
lolol i'm growing a beard
Morning... I woke up and looked at my alarm clock like five times before it could even ring smh
Ok was I out playing with Stevie? Hm
awh. Your so sweet to Think of me on my birthday!! 😘
We've talked to several highly qualified MBA applicants who are motivated to start class in January; first acceptance letters out next week
Nice bedazzled hat.
thanks a bunch! Will share more details once contacts are signed and agents talk and such xoxo
Thanks for coming to Washington to talk bullying prevention. We should all be working to
Thanks to our new followers!!!
Thanks Alexander. Have a Happy New Year too!
Get ready to play brain warp #HA #SUPnineO's
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter I am looking for RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
If you ate an entire ice cream cake & washed it down with a slushie, I would give you ipecac so you didn't immediately get diabeetus
yes please!!(:
Numbers for IB and what i think of you!!
lol I know
Why do I do everything wrong?
Now that's a bus! But where's our bullet train?
Greyson Lights Up The Dark (( My baby! ))
Getting ready to hit the road with Crete Carriers. My husband passed all the tests and we leave tomorrow. America here we come!
New to this so help me out.
Yeah I wish I would have cared a little more in High School... I did well in College though :-)
I need a stoner girlfriend.
katehi: re pepper spray, "if indeed it happened," serious disciplinary consequences, eventually, after task force review
Patron wanted Alice books by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor.
Ha! You're right. That's why we're the software driving the process & require a human content manager to edit it :)
please follow
About to leave to go to THE BIG CITY with and <3
17 unanswered pts. Will the Ravens "man up"?
Really enjoying this Agbeko v. Mares fight :-)
My take. A consultant/volunteer until his contract expires with Wazzu in 2 weeks then he will officially become a UI coach.
lol that's a lie
Money Team!!!
Going out to eat 👍
is a new Hardcore Pawn on tonight?
Yeah...I watched it. I watch most of the games on DVR now, so I have to avoid Twitter while they're happening.
those look soo good #waybetterthanstudying + browsing online for shoes
Who's coming to tonight's #sounddiego party ? may or may not be pulling me up on stage for a tune. You've been warned.
Wow 6 deep at the NewPage booth for the iPad drawing. Wanna scan more QR codes!
If you could eat any Fit2Go menu item right now, what would it be?
Must....concentrate!! Need to get this synthesis done and 20 quotes collected so I don't panic Sunday night!!
my crush is six foot im like at the bottom of his neck lmao
I will be out of the office from Dec 16 to Jan 2 on business and holiday travel. If you need to make an appointment for January or general …
"If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old." - James A. Garfield
you are right so humble and enfacises that success is built on making mistakes
here's to a great weekend!
Rihanna - Roc Me Out.
Greg the hammer valentine
I feel like I'm gonna be sick all of a sudden.. muh :(
Me: Ma'am you DO need to keep your toddler with you. Mom: can you go get him for me? Me: No! Mom: He's okay. It's safe in the library.
Almost everyone will have Carolina as a staple. I like Cougar. I think Unisource carries both.
Because of all your support, another family has been given a computer this morning! More updates to come!
anything yo girl can do my girl can do better
My favorite food blog is following me! Check them out!
Maki and Luis performing as Cheshire and Alice from #aliceinwonderland!!
another great #sdcc follow - our friend who MAKES Star Wars
Cle #CriticalMass rides tonight, rain or shine! Join us in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30pm sharp. 250 confirmed on FB, 150 maybes!
Got a day off and I don't feel like doin shit.
Amazing performance by Sarah Golden tonight. A one woman show to be reckoned with
Every pop fly to Betemit has me on the edge of my seat.
We at TCS have decided to branch out from just celebrity sighings, into the realm of pop and sports culture ...
Oh yes, they look absolutely darling!
no smack sir that's all in your interpretation ... :)
I will be sure to snap a pic of the pumps!
#GMail's 'unsubscribe and report spam' seems to have just worked. How's that for technology?!
it can't be that confusing if old people have one and know how to use it. You're just dumb(: haha
DO EEET. RT : You've heard of #fridayreads. How about #saturdaycinema? What are you watching this weekend?
Happy Birthday Jesus! We sure do need your presence & light in the dark & hard times!
You're amazing! Can't wait till season 2!
Your gorgeous ! ;)
Learning Analysis must include the evaluation of 4 factors: business, content, audience and technology. The solution will come from that.
In green bay for UW pickling class in the morning. But first... a pale ale green bay.
thats awesome, are you still playing?
Yep and Yep. Surprisingly little making fun. But I made sure to ride my least dorky steed just in case (read: not my Y-Foil)
spending all night with me
Two-A-days till summer
Another day, another proposal.
thank you for the tip definitley eased the pain a good boy
San Diego Pride Weekend Shout Out to
Deep in post sick recovery mode. I'm starting to feel better, but I've been hocking up some gnarly stuff.
Thank you! I'm doing great - settled in and trying to separate work from fun more. How about you?
People in the NW are prone to vitamin-D deficiencies - discovered through a blood test and solved by a vit-D prescription. Fight Depression
I'm riding in the parade too. Can't wait to see you there
MY BABY WON, #BestMale Proud Belieber:]
lol why u say that
Forever And After is now open to any Ultimate Frisbee challenges. 4 on 4. Get in.
Thank you very much :) RT : I'm a little late, but i'm just now seeing your prom video(s). One word AMAZING!
Ladies... If a Guy tells you to make him a sandwich.. Tell him to get the fuck outta your kitchen.. And sit his ass down infront of the TV.
RT : Whether today seems to go your way or not, it's always going God's way. He doesn't make mistakes. Trust Him. Proverbs 3:5-6
Our JSG is gonna be 17 in a couple of hours!! Those "Runs House" days are over.... #HappyBirthdayDiggy <3333
A good idea, only be sure to make a copy of everything before getting rid of it.
Lately my eyes have came open to a lot!
What's wrong w/this picture? I'm feeding our 17yr old cat shredded chicken in small spoonfuls. I gotta be nuts.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
Sometimes I wish I could forget how to cry...
thank you for following
RT : LMAO if time did get a job than anything is possible
#GandB better be watching!! :)
hell ya son I'm already thinking of what we gonna do
The truth is the truth! Good day tweeties
Wtf is Shaq saying on inside the nba
RT : Successful job applicants have the sound and appearance of confidence.
I'm not too stupid to cook, I'm too lazy. There's probably a difference.
It's not called PowerRamble. It's called PowerPoint, so please get to one.
Thanks! How long did it take? When I worked at NARA we had strict guidelines for FOIA processing. This seems ridiculous.
big drive here
Not funny! Especially when there was just a shooting in Calif. You just lost a follower.
RT - Texas wildfires...in photos: wxch.nl/qwXw1D #txwx. I'm thinking about all my family in Texas!
People I work with
#IWishYouKnew that everything you say pisses me off
Btw, love The Show on the new EP got some great tracks
..like this guy at work saying the #Bulls should make a serious play 4 Greg Oden.. Whaaaaaaaa??? See what I mean?
Is there a reset button on this booboo ass game
Happy Father's Day weekend! To all the wonderful dads, fathers, and all men that inspire children, have a great weekend!
I dont know what the Caps were doing... They gave that game away
Had I known that, I would have kept my headbands since I was 5. #stylin #queer. It happens.
you still said baldly lolol
haha yeah dude, its crazy in my moms caddy
People are assholes. Pardon my French.
SO glad there's a #Starbucks on the way back to the Metro. #cildc Good content day.
George to Martha:I should enjoy more happiness&felicity in 1 month with you at home than I have the most distant prospect of reaping abroad
in what way
but none of my repub friends think or act like the ones in DC. Much more moderate and common sense based.
I just came back to Finland. Even if spring it's coming...it still feels way too cold for me!
where are you this very minute
Me too RT : I tweet at all major conferences I attend including monthly FWSIM events.
thanks for taking a look, please let us know if you have any questions.
getting psyched up for #hockey with a furious game of #wordswithfriends. If I don't watch out it's going to make me late.
whats it like in 203 today?
sweet! Congrats
is 16 years old and killing shit.
aww papa ill see you this week! Ill be out there, I got a date with my booboo so ill see you after baby <3
what's your take on Vinny Curry? I thought he was spectacular at Senior Bowl. His film vs WVU in '10 has me convinced.
need advice. have the thunderbolt but have an update avail. what should i go with? 4g phone, good camera, willing to wait..
thank you for your sweet upload. Xx
Woo the weather is not so bad here in #seattle . Cheers to a good night!
no that's just called a relationship
Release the bats
#RelationshipsEndBecause long distance relationships..
Joe Paterno story not true according to Jay Paterno RIP a bit premature
Housing some poor homeless students for the night. Luckily it's Alex and Lexy :)
will live tweet tv timeouts, puppy bowl, commercials, gisele sightings, and boring half time show. not actual football stuff.
Top iPad apps: Smash Cops tops the charts
The algorithm would be flabbergasted. This trailer is #EPIC /cc
Awesome guys!! \m/
HURRAY! #kindness is spreading (:
I think Justice threw it out there that he was in line for the editor gig.
we'll give this a try... It looks good...
not sure how I added the Carrie underwood stuff! ;-)
A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences. I love you
There's no one like you. I cant wait for the nights with you.
when creepy guys older than my dad ask for my number <<<<
Awesome weekend, faculty&staff make it an inspiring & fun experience for everyone! Love to see K Studio dancers soaking it all up!
All about my business... if you are too, then we relate
Guess I am a lil nervous I jus spent two hours cleaning the kitchen wen its onli took 30mins I got tah doin extra sht
#WhatsAlottaMoney when its all you got to yo name
Safe travels on your way back. Traveling by train is great. I'm sorts jealous. :-)
is excited 2 work with the new team & structure. This is an amazing organization. Here 2 support empowering students
Q3: One of the virtues of PR is its versatility; one of its vices can be superficiality. "Defining PR" can tend to the latter.
Thanks for making an appearance at #OccupyLA. Proud to have my rep show their support.
OMG Justin's hair
I landed into memphis and had to go straight to class. Come to find out there is a test today in my calculus class....
Food, Book, Music = Lunch
Tonight is our first Meat&Greet at 6pm.
#NW - The Other Guys. This shit is so fucking funny!
wants three cats to get along.
I know more now .. then ever
Good! But not great. Gov't needs to put energy toward creating SUSTAINABLE partnerships btw corporate world & public ed
S/0 to all those hialeah girls. Adding "-ita" to the end of your name doesn't always work how it should.
Bank of America--they are super friendly there and a guy in line actually complained that it made him feel "uncomfortable"!
....Your relationship status is going to change soon...You want to know how I know? each time you start ignoring me, a week later it changes
We're proud to have you! RT I'm proud to be an exchange student
Headed into work.. Will get my workout in around noon..
“: Drake, Wale, J Cole and Kendrick Lamar don't count as Rappers”>> what do u call them ??
I highly recommend placing a pic in your profile as the Goose Egg is often seen as a "bot" or spam. Even if you pic a scene.
My first ever Tweet... Well I just started this today because of a class I had at CSB about social media. So lets see how it goes!
Looks pretty tasty.
Good points being made everywhere. #Dodgers fan strike really did work in helping to oust #McCourt. Could not be more proud of LA fan base
Good morning everyone :)
Israel elections to be announced in &#39;coming days&#39;
Interesting! Well, that makes sense! How does the work compare/re: job satisfaction?
#weightloss tips 6) eat whole, high fiber foods 7) avoid sugar 8) exercise intensely & regularly 9) cheat once in awhile 10) be patient
lol just watch the video. It's funny and the truth ;)
There are no good zero players in umvc3 I've played or even seen. I will go into evo 2012 beasting with zero to show how awesome he is.
good pick tampa
Lots! MT : Busy week: TechStars Demo Day Thurs., ROFLCon Fri., kicks off Sat. Who's hitting the trifecta?
Watched some great golf today. The course is in great shape. Come on out!
If any of you Ladies are Missing Out on Mother's Day, because You don't have a Baby. Just DM me. I can Help You Out with That. No Problem.=)
Just remembered. When me and had to pee. Yesterday shit was so funny.
RT this if you're missing all the Tebowing that we'd still be doing if the Donkeys were still playing!
Good Luck!!!
Don't you think the Carolina defender should have been in Austin's grill? Let him drive past you for a 2, worst case scenario is OT
GOOD JOB TOMMY BOY #boner of the month award
. A vote for the American Jobs Act is a vote for small businesses, schools, and new jobs. Please support it.
#north carolina declares itself a bag of shit. Rendering itself useless to mankind
Wade bust that Nigga in his shit
Yahoo! is a finalist for 's 100 Cars for Good contest! We'll need your help come 5/27 so that Open Books can WIN A CAR!!
Happy Friday!
you have me on the edge of my seat!
So what you doing :) ?
what a night- Haitian music royalty and a presidential candidate- gave an amazing show last night 's- merci!
Hey hey hey how are you?
Thanks a lot!! :) I feel the same about you!
Time to grab 5 hours of sleep. Have a good night! The grind begins again tomorrow...
Are you saying I have a super ass?
Cheapest Gas in #SalemOR $3.86 with club card at Safeway (S. Commercial)
Miss America 2012 still happy about sc oh yeah
I have cancer and I will die in three weeks...
This sucks SO BAD! I have to work while the teen choice awards are on! :( I won't get to see ...I think I'm gonna cry
Job Search 100 #6 Do you know the job descriptions and industries you want to target? via
Just met with the president of a production company for a small role in a news parody show and he offered me a bigger part on the spot!
QoTD: "Constant effort and frequent mistakes are the stepping stones to genius." (Elbert Hubbard)
Congrats on the BIG WEEK !!!!!!!!
Hahaha love how you added "censored" to your picture. How'd you do that?
Westbound i40 another motorcycle accident at about San Mateo. Stay clear. Will probably shut the highway down
Yeah. It's been down for over a week now :/
I played a 113 point word in Words With Friends and still lost badly.
I seriously can't slow down. I fit a 36 in a 16.
Interesting night... From stalking a man who stole my brother's phone, to talking about attractive cartoon characters with
"I'm going to live like this from now on..." yeah nobody cares, just do that and stop talking about it.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE IN THE VOLTAGE THAT LIVES INSIDE US!
Have a bee in your apartment Jill? ;)
kooln in this fat ass house out in atwater
Adam Yauch RIP!!
Diggin' ya on Troubadour... Born in the City is a great song. I'm a singer/songwriter and I appreciate you as a performer.
thx for Coming in... You guys rock!!! See you next time. Soon we hope!
Shop the Entertainment Playground--children's music & movie titles available at discounted prices.Order now by May 20th....
please follow she introduced me to you guyss!<3
Does Dj Khaled have any fans?
Actually it's just my toe.
omg!!@!!! that is like what crazy.
Oh...ok. Got it. It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write. ;)
I just hate the fanboi's who play the beta card the second someone says Siri doesn't work
I like your songs there great :)
thanks man =)
Thank you for the compliments! I'll be sure to pass them on to our amazing staff! We look forward to your next stay. :)
going to pick up the TURTLE BEACH x41. how good are they can anyone tell me?
I completely know that feeling :/
This was so weird.
why your bored
Just pulled in to New Braunfels, ready for tonight at River Road Ice House with Jon Wolfe! We start at 9!
hello my friend how are you?
operation find grare hell yeah
Follow Back?:)
“: perfect first instagram photo!” Haha thanks! Took it right after I left your office... the lighting was perfect
Did you know you can now pick up items from the Columbus Metropolitan Library at the Thompson Library at OSU?
Better as a memory. ☺
hey follow me back blaine (:
No problem, anytime!
I feel good bout this record...random ppl actually been askin my mom what song is she bumpin at stoplights lol
doing pretty well over here in Tourism land. Sounds like things are good over at as well
Next to 1911 slaughterhouse in Rome:, a 3-storey yellow, peeling villa-like edifice with chiseled name FRIGORIFERO ("refrigerator").
i'm listening to 's new #coasttocoastEP (: how about you?
I want to be fired me for saying something an then instantly hired with a salary of 2 million and then write a book. muzzled my a$$
I need a 2 week vacation from work... But would that really be enough?
just realized i wrote unsimilar when i should have written dissimilar. gonna go lock myself in the basement til august
Without a doubt you're all I dream about.
