Like what-re: FB interesting ways to catch ppl's attention about events...
Loyal Girls Are So Hard To Find These Days
it did! Their salsa was decent as were the fajitas. But now I have a list of Mex rests to try. :)
You wanna talk. You wanna talk about it? There's an elephant in the room
Yep definitely missed the crap out of Chicago. New York, you're cool sometimes but I do not ever want to live in you.
Do you think animated sex is hot?
nah he's not here in person just in their game. 4 player max per game.
they aren't bad, they seemed to have incorporated that extra padding from the adrian peterson commercials where he is a scaled lizard
Las Vegas Prospect's 16u beat the Pumps 16u to show there are still the best 16u in the West
Music store #Rockawayrecords just played "The Doors" and now "The Emotions". The feel and soul of these artists and records.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Wild Member, ANNIE H! Hope you have an awesome day!!!
Just got my car! Yayayaya
yes and some of us just stay there!
oh yess ! you should stop by Reign saturday :)
One day your little games are gonna catch up to you.
If you have to ask, it's not a date...right?
thanks for the lunchtime food for thought! more burning questions & things to mull, but i trust we'll get another chance!
T-CAP...I should be taking C-CAP!
Your RI Riveters are playing in Vermont today! Be supportive and wear red at home!
Damn for getting Selena Gomez stuck in my head. But not really, cuz that's like the best song ever.
My mom keeps joking how my dance team is conforming me since they're making me dye my hair one color and take out my piercings.
Are other sex workers planning going to the town hall in LA tomorrow? Or do you have points you'd like us to get across?
How bad are things getting 4 #LALakers? 4 white giuys on the court @ 1 time last night. And 6 on the roster. Could be a long short season!
Thanks for the tweets lately :)
Ang's argu seems to be that poetry can be politicized only by doing work not reducible to the norms & messages of any given community.
just reading skateboard magazines. On a
"Amen Pastor! Pres. Obama wrong for saying what he did bout dem Gays." *under breath* But I am still going to vote for that Negro.
Thanx, dear. I'll have *tons* of time open, so I'm going to have some side matters first, I think.
How was your day?
Hair stylist #Vidal_Sassoon has died in Los Angeles. I wonder if beauty school dropout is about to play...
Very disappointed - not responding to my emails and taking my money without any respect to helping my issue. :-( Sad.
there is the "Vlad Teppes, the true story of Vlad the impaler" filmed in Romania, where he is a hero
hahahah yes! toasty!
don't despair... We will be back tomorrow for your waffle needs! We will tweet and FB when we are open.
I did bto
Calling all dedicated fab chicks and dudes who are determined to get healthy in 2011. Special pricing for u! www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Huge house djs the are back LA are back and at new club this Thursday. Huge night - The EC Twins are amazing live!
RT : some days should be put out of their misery. - Amen, sister.
#returnonmission -- love it!
Huge undertaking ahead.. My Portland to Coast team signed up to raise 18,000.00 for the American Cancer Society. Any good ideas?
Omg yeah so niley was old news.. Cause Miley loves me(: me and Miley make mogie(: haha or biley! Miam is no longer.. Miley hearts me!
Halo mahomies :D
I WILL :D
we agree!
#ghettocrayolacolors preacher suit purple
Hi there HollywoodPlaza
and also #coeurdepirate may be my new favorite french music
A brand new app, Zwoor, provides real time insights of attendees, speakers and exhibitors with social media channels.
Why are honest vendors so hard to find these days?
Headed downtown to the tribe game with dad.
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
LA is definitely the best place to be. 90% of film productions are here.
That's a good one, but have to put them n tier 2 “: UCONN might have a case otherwise I'd agree #ncaabb”
New Faculty Orientation scheduled for July 11th in the Alumni Center. Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs & Diversity for more information
RT : Don't know whether to wear shorts and flip flops or a snow suit
J.K. Rowling, you are brilliant.
What's good, Cleveland? ;>
YES! : If you are looking for real world customers to test out your products. Try a public library. Ask me how #sxsw #disruptsu”
Getting ready than OUT for the night.....
Sunday Funday Football!!!! Join us for Drafts and Wings Soecials and a Heck of a lot of FUN!!!
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommended it daily. — Zig Ziglar
Come, bring the whole family for Puss in Boots tomorrow at the FFL at 2pm! Bring yourselves and we will bring the popcorn!
Whoah. is following me? Awesome 😃 👍👍
#gmail down: innocent tech outage or first stage of an alien invasion? Hope it's the latter so I can cancel this afternoon's 4 meetings.
Good Morning! I'm having trouble getting started on today but some whipped cream on the coffee did help a little.
Just listened to the Young Love webinar from Booklist. I love those webinars! Very informative about what young people are reading.
also luv signs cause it scared the crap out of me when i saw it. as do most m night shyamalan movies.
- plus the cost of the ink stamp pad for their little paw print signatures.
Very sad to learn about the tragic death of Amy Winehouse. She left this earth to young.
Nothing better than a happy family #salute RT : Lucky to be in love with my best friend.. Being happily married.
Hate #Cops? You'll love ! Our new shirt this week makes fun of Cops in the most obvious way.
No I don't get the Chicago game tonight! I need to watch incase they get knocked out!!
give me tude about the drive thrus at work one more time and see what happens!
“: Number of times per year that the average person has sex - 127.” looks like you're way above average..
last name luce but I always win!!!
follow me
My bed...is so comfy...
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. - Dr Wayne Dyer
Negative Christian stereotypes are changed one person at a time.
Thanks Luke!
thanks for the mention! Cheers!
Save me from what I'm going through!
OMG. Someone is posing me on a Datin-Website! :O
CS Lewis's surviving BBC radio address
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the new single!!!
Katy Perry going to lose a lot in legal fees on a lawyer who doesn't know trademark law. TMs are only good in 1 industry.
I love you :)
Bless you!!!
Guy at work just took his Kindle into the bathroom with him... I'm not gonna get to pee for a while
Autocorrect just tried to change my "hashtag" to "hashish". Be careful, folks.
Thank you !
Right!!!!! We're starting it soon.... or whenever you want! But, I am going to sleep. :) talk to you tomorrow! :)
Three peaceful approaches to marriage conflict - Peaceful Litigation Settlement, #CollaborativeLaw,
Haircare Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
First day of college learning in 10 years... first, groceries and gym... ugh.
preparing to speak at the eahs class of 2011 graduation. lolwut
It's National Hot Tea Month, come by to see our delicious selection - enjoy!
an L7? Pardon me but I'm a total square :)
You guys rocked today! Thank you so much for coming out and getting things done!!
Taking control is finding strength to let it go.
thanks for following!(: have you checked out yet! go give them a follow and listen ;D <3
hold a spot for him, I'm sure he's on his way
this weekend bout to be one hell of a weekend though
hopefully traffic will let up soon
I don't have a single but does. Hit him up.
It's 10 o'clock and I'm writing. Must be because of Daylight Savings.
I'm so jealous :( I'm gonna let my natural grow out so I can get some highlights
oh god dammit anni! take a picture of what's IN the bag not the bag!
anybody need a place to stay for the super B...let me..know....i know some great hotels...ha...ha
I'm so proud of myself for getting 7 new tumblr followers in the last two hours<3
ATSOC in studio! #Liveperformance on in just a few!
Allergies are not doing me well this fine spring time >:0
what your into lesbians too I would of never have guessed
#travel 75 degrees in Las Vegas today, perfect! Have you booked your summer trip yet?
Can't watch it tonight. Looking forward to catching up over the weekend.
Happy Easter everyone!! Have a nice day (:
HUGS to you.
yumm(: I love pop tarts haha
Blows kiss back :) btw i followed !! can u please follow me back! <33 i LOVE u
competitive group: Union Rags on top. With clear trip, he's best in my book. Gemologist and El Padrino and Take Charge Indy next
The sun is shining– it's a beautiful start to this Tuesday morning!
And Cassell did play the 2008 year, got his 3rd ring
Eli Manning is in the same class with Brady and Peyton!!!
BLARING THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL!!!:D
thx! RT : I've recorded an hour-plus that way, just make sure you have enough memory to save the file.
Road Warrior (part miracle)! Packed for 1.5 weeks of TFOS meetings: Paris→Roma→Milano→Catania→Taormina→Paris→Boston… All in carry on!
no dont be mistaken that just kills me inside a little more everytime it happens
Seriously doe, I have some pretty cute girls that follow me ^__^
We're also still looking for students to give us program feedback in the JAMS Student Open Forums Tues/Wed a.m. Tweet us for more info.
Flashed Gingerbread onto my EVO 4g. 1st nothing worked. Now, it's pretty awesome!! Liking the feel and flush of it. thanks
I don't know that I understand it... but it's just one of those things.
|#quotes A business is successful to the extent that it provides a product or service that contributes to happiness in all of its forms.
In House With SWV: Singers Talk 'I Missed Us' Album, 'Figuring Out' Nicki Minaj & Story Behind Coko's Nails
I love but haven't watched - need to check it out soon!
Agree. RT For all in JetsNation saying this is a lose-lose SB. Disagree-It's a no brainer 4me-Jets fans 4 Giants! Go Big Blue!
You should try googling "do a barrel roll" ... ah, good times
Ha ha ha. A little limescale never hurt anybody.
what do you guys think of our new video!? did anyone spot themselves?? share it with a friend!!
We need talented high school students to join our national editorial board. Join us! www.polyphonyhs.com/edit
Texas: I am in you
now operates the largest combined organic and biodynamic estate in #Champagne following the new purchase of 14 hectares.
Would love to see on DWTS! She could WORK those tiny outfits!
I'm down with that...
Happy Easter to all our fans!
Late night tonight, playing guitar, magician and acting, whew, gotta love it!
Life is nothing but a series of crosses for us mothers
Watch this bitch, Like this bitch, then Share this bitch: "Imma Read"
Kamara is ready for war tonight!!! Let's go!!
*How Neat... I'm Impressed.... How Did You Come To Be So Blessed???*
Found *another* horrible #QRcode today... was truly interested to see the content, but instead went to a (non-mobile) 500 error.
That trailer makes me want to jump out of bed and watch The Dark Knight. Unfortunately, I have school tomorrow.
hey tom! my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC. hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing. please check him out on youtube
Angels Gate Cultural Center is having an opening tomorrow starting at 1:30pm.
Second, if anyone quotes a figure that you can earn by game testing which sounds too good to be true, its because it probably is
I guess I could fine a friend in my life but I do miss my man I wise thing could of been better
#Arsenal would you defend already??
Does anyone have a fave sale alert site they use? As in, enter an item, get an email when it goes on sale.
well I'm glad you had a good Christmas sir
Library with my girls.
Listen to the Technology Cafe Radio show tomorrow - 10am on NewsTalk1160.com or 1160 am in Atlanta. Learn about the power of video resumes.
Happy New Year 2012 from Barefeatz and Dani Sapphire!
It should. It'll just be hot. But I like it that way!
There's a lot of dudes who sell drugs that are just not good at it lol
Our #holiday e-blast drops this week. DM us with your email address and we’ll make sure you receive it!
Just finished book "how to win at the sport of business" very insightful look into success process Easy to describe, hard to do.
my 8 counts, the dance & the cheer, pretty much everything -,-
Lmfaoo sounds interesting. When you say sexy people, who exactly are we talking about?
Unfortunately, Monday isn't good for me. :( I really appreciate your help! I think I understand it a bit better though.
hello ur cute
I hope you had a great Thanksgiving today too!!
Kristina,you always look fabulous...!
Great weekend at Too Broke for Stugris,
$15 Open bar from 10 to 12am (includes cover) this Friday with DJ Wizz Kid.....$5 cover all night too...
I know its hard to remember
is frustrated that she can't see the MLK Google logo in Canada.
I think you should do a duet with
alllllllrrrriiiiigggghhhhttt.........why am i still in this house
Tyler perry play "madea gets a job" is
2010 was a really great year. This was the year I became a Belieber♥.
I'll never play in the NBA. So I must learn to be extra funny.
TWO more days 'till school! :D
One more sweet dust storm photo!
Where is the sun
Lots of May birthdays coming up!
No prob thank you
Thank you everybody who came out today to help support Sponsors of Hope! What a success!
idea of a community that came out of nowhere, yet everywhere. It is everyone's class
They say retweetin Poised Creation is cool!!! ;)
Nice camel toe by Katie Perry
Finna have ti watch the Rose Bowl
I'm finding it hard to give marriage advice considering the fact that I'm not married.
I'm so tired of fake ass bitches!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Moms. You reflect the Light of the World to so many! God Bless you!
haha. No...the chick that made it pretty much got that idea based off of me
Loving you forever, can't be wrong Even though you're not here, won't move on
Hey and hook up with a producer account! The event will be groovy and #refreshboston will love u
I love you early Friday weird Milanos.
I love how they have a typo in the first sentence. It's a university, innit?
You are welcome. Hope to see you again next year!
it's the Chaos Communications Camp
if love is meant to be there's nothing you can do to stop it.
shit! You beat me. I'll be there in a few!
3:51....still up but I need to be sleep tho
I miss her. Where u been ma!?
me too! I'm surprised he didn't. I think he unfollowed me bc we fought abt Charles Barkley. Lmao
that led me to sports... And why do you keep calling me pretty?
Hacker Smack to WBC turns to Media smack from son of Phelps. Does this amount to #Godsmack for Phelps Family? #God hates mediawhores?
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
#Pittsburgh Steelers fans could be the nicest in the league
I will back you up with a vengeance
ew no I look retarded in those ones Ill put em up as twitpics and people can vote
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
that's a shame, cuz its a nice spot! Anyway have fun! I miss house parties!!!
RT A *Real woman needs a*Real man that don't talk about it, Be about it, Put that work &nd still shows his woman*Real romance!
Haha. Aren't you supposed to be a supporter? : In defense, it is awful to be on TV. He's less polished, but...
And then stay for the Comedy? show! RT Another fantastic review of The Show is in! Come check us out this weekend!
aww that's exciting!! Are u here for the weekend? Aww I wish I could see you too I'm leaving for nova soon
Anita D., a student here, says "Costa Rica is the best place for geography students because there are no street names or numbers."
congrats. ill make sure Russow marks that down for your participation points this 9 weeks
It's either that or a nap.
I love waking up to my stuff strewn across my house like my coat in the hall and my purse on my bed. That means I had a good night! :--
Thank you to the Westchester Country Club for attending Lombardi during the Wednesday matinee !
Yesterday was the AWESOMEST DOPEST COOLEST DAY EVERR!!!!!! AH!!! :D
Pay Per Visit Email has been using ViralHeat to "listen" to social media on the Internet. Seems to be working well for us.
1215am, and my 3yrd old nephew finally arrives at home.
Well, I've been busy in the past year with Better Wine Guide. Sorry to say it didn't make it.
Okay is it actually possible NOT TO #LOVE #SEX . . . ?? #Sexy #Followers please #retweet this and let's see where this goes!!
You're doing a great job!
Don't have Friday night plans? Check out Miranda Lambert and crew at the Target Center tonight! We've got your PERFECT tickets!
the Pussy and Cock Fest 2012
Oh, but you need to get your sleep! I used to stay up for Austin, than I got such bad headaches and everything I use to
Probably not, unless you work close to wornal/stateline/holmes!
loved the Onion piece on Steves :)
40 oz?! I didn't realize you had it in you.
larryanna I can here it already
#JPMORGAN #ENRON #AIG #MADOOFF gangster has a brand new face faction of FederalAgents pretend to help as they rob u sensless
We are excited to meet admitted student's this Thursday! #Ursula #Burns will speak followed by bowling and Happy Hour!
All these workouts and salads deserve ice cream!!
Thanks Marina!
Congrats to 1st round Virgina Tech draftee David Wilson! Now a NYG! Turn him into a great one NY!
This seriously rocks! Constantly getting better too! RT : Are you working too hard to implement standards based grading?...
This migraine can merrily go fuck itself. Really.
Thanks to all who participated in the Q & A today! It was fun! Check back frequently and share this with your friends who are car fanatics!
Uh...strawberry?
Everyday is a Big day because everyday is a gift from GOD!
Best compliment I've ever received...from : "oh! your terminal is so pretty!"
the high contrast gmail theme is quite nice :)
you wanna be a dance mom?
Always trying to find a way to get a dime for a nickel
Doin it up 3 more cuts for the next session
where'd that come from?
Alas, my city didn't make the top 10 list. And am surprised that DC isn't on there as well. Oh well...
Love that! Passed it along to Claudia for Drakeapedia possibilities too!
Who says the N Word more KG, Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton or me after dropping a beer. Mitt Romney thinks it so much his head is gonna explode
♪I Shoulda Listened. I never do. I fell in love x2♪ ~
Happy August!
Sick mg with attitudes... It's ok when you playing but when some one is playing with you its a total different story...
Come visit soon! Maybe for the Alumni College? RT : Reading and getting all emotional. I miss :(
these hoes love you till you broke man "CHILL OUT "
retired geek, now a tattooed, white trash, bartender ;)
Hey, you're pretty cute. Too bad you're an a**hole.
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
You're a little cunt.
#nowplaying #inthemountaininthecloud get it. its amazing.
Following this 2-day journey on Catch Up Book, you are going to be in a different place!
wheres that vid u said u were gonna post? :)
if this is rob I'm in love. Thanx for the follow!
“Where there is love there is life.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Reality that helicopter was flying outside, it woke me up & realized my room was freezing cold (not very James Bond like at all).
Thanks for the idea of my next blog post . The use of social media in defending a criminal case.
Left it in a car. I'm investing in creating a chip that beeps when your away from the thing you lost.
Good times tonight and even better convo
WA senators and threw workers under the bus and voted yes on #FAA deal rewarding Repubs
Me and were twins tonight :)
uh..... No! How much money do you think I have? Lol!
We will b ready RT : For those keeping count, 108 days until
My kids are inspired by current events and organized an occupy mommy and daddy's room w/ a Tent City... I agree w/ Bloomberg.. over the line
aight sound good when y'all comin
that was a target purchase in college. I've cream bowls double as German potato salad bowls. :)
Dry shampoo seems all the rage right now. Skipping the suds now & then can help save your color. Have you tried dry shampoo? Whaddya think?
way hotter! you love them irishmen!
Good Morning Beautiful Creations
miss ya buddy!!
I realize that a lack of education is a huge part of the problem, but identity thieves are getting away with it so easily.
Jr Smith just need to stand still and shoot
"Part of me was afraid of what I'd find and what I'd do once I got there. I knew the risks, or imagined I knew."
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare. I hope you enjoy your stay with us
Rich Beijing citizens commonly pay large amounts of money for robust car air filters, because the air in Beijing is ridden with pollution.
S/o to that cow i just saw taking a piss like a male dog
thanks for the good Red Rock times last night and for validating my career.
Follow me. <3
You know you are an adult/super sick when you don't mind the taste of cough syrup and are looking forward to your next dose.
Ion even got the energy to tell yall about #future last night, HE PERFORMED GREAT, its the organization that was fucked up that made it bad
my jobs done(:
First day back to work today. So hard leaving my little one at day care this morning. :(
Trying to please others never works out because you're still unhappy....
#nisoEbook LaRue secondary market for used books disappeared with ebooks; no such thing as a used ebook
hello hello hello
Nobody can manage time. But you can manage those things that take up your time.
Thanks for the follow Amanda. Hope you're doing well.
hey i am just getting ready for school and eating right now !!!!!
"women...can't live with them, and they can't pee standing up" Rube Baker
In the mix at EDEN tonight. Yizzur!
haha..dude..senior year in college..bat flew into the Apt..being seniors (and guys)..we didnt deal with until 4-5 nights later.
I will NEVER forget that. Then wrecked urself before chuck sun. Memory serves me right... windbreaker - collar popped.
Meg Kissinger at says idea 4 award winner on mental health came from worst place: an editor. But woo-hoos
I've been ruined forever when I read "milkshake" because of kelis' song. The chorus is now stuck in my head!
lets make it happen! I also require taco access before 11pm.
What are you guys giggling about? Liking each other?
I hope my friend & former colleague, , gets the #shortyawards for best social media manager.
RT Good news in the ratings! ’s (9.4 million, 3.2) Up 7 percent! Congrats to ABC for launching a solid hit drama.
hey ;) I've been doing 9-5 work at Edibles, it's a nice change. I posted your M-Day cupcakes, my mom loved em
rick ross is ma nigga
Tweeting on iPhone4 while updating iPad's software (finally) while reading the Jobs biography. Take that Apple! Not an iBook, a real book!
bank of america refunded my (erroneous and fucked up) overdraft penalties today!!!!! ya. glory. joy. power
Thanks for the shout out. We appreciate it!
Of course- I already have my stilettos and feathered head dress picked out!
REGISTER NOW TO SEE MILLIONARE KENNY RUSHING LIVE IN BALTIMORE/D.C
thanks! looking cute :)
Awesome Ascedia Happy Hour at . The Tuesday $2 Pizza Special rocks! We'll be back :)
90% of the world's children live in developing countries.
loaded on fuse music
Lol my boy is funny as hell. Love him to death
That's right! RT : Just saw #horriblebosses for the first time featuring my homie , her feet dont touch the ground!
Tonight!!! Single Lady's: Speed Dating + Aftr Party at Capri's Lounge Boynton Bch. Music: Dj Chevy. Presented By: WebaMQueen
nick jr money stupid ol
Let me just shut off my phone... Peace✌
In life you don't have friends, you have acquaintances and all you have is your own family. There is no such thing as friends.
Do students using laptops create a socio-economic divide in classroom?
Nah, working and then moving in all weekend.
Dream out loud.
Universities can ask politically impossible questions: Amy Gutmann #delange8 YES!
I could really go for a massage right now. My back on 10 from last week's workout..
To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were s
same stuff, different year
And season one, episode one up next!
very true. You don't get much, but sometimes it doesn't matter
#thatawkwardmoment when the teacher is doing the attendance and yells out SWALLOWS! after your name lol
Oh great. Now the flu shot doesn't work well. And just when it seemed we could have our cake 'n eat it too (I have a stomach ache).
Music makes me high
I want to know if this neon hitch character is actually Marissa from last year's Glee Project. Kinda looks like her.
Real love is perpetual. Jill Harrison
When was the last time you made the playoffs?
RITVO: Art in and out of the canon - Yale Daily News
It breaks my heart to leave you far behind and it breaks me up to leave so suddenly…
Quoting the entire toddlers and tiaras dolla makes me holla video w/ and friends. COUPON QUEEN!
": I'm up! I'm stoned! Headed to the airport to pick up 420 like a muhfucka. [Fwo]"...HELL YEA!..N IT BEGINS!!
accidentally hit the plaque jackpot (plaque-pot?!) today...will upload soon!
stomach wants food...
I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
Thank you! back atcha -
When your boyfriend keeps a smile on your face >>>>>>>
WTF is going on with #Twitter right now? I can't access anything.
Would love to! :)
I swear to god if you don't study with me and tomorrow shits gonna go down
- say it ain't so! The world will never be the same without ShitShow!
Never been there but looks like we should! I'm sure would enjoy the candy shop as well.
You don't want to. Global is a piece of work tonight.
go Vikings!
I like Diablo3 and plan to keep playing it, despite some of my negative feelings. Which I have't even fully resolved yet.
We are compiling interviews for an upcoming novel that focuses on the homeless in America. Got a story, message me. Please retweet this post
Addendum to previous tweet:
Why wait for the weekend to be wined and dined? $10 off wine bottles and a $10.95 steak dinner makes every Wednesday worth celebrating!
But they having breath test at the door. That shit weak if i did go i wud wanna go a lil lit
About to smoke a bowl and watch my #phish dvd
Really wants a Guy to prove my theory wrong cus it Just seems to be right no matter What! One Guy.... that's all I need! :/
sounds like Chuck turner! MT“: Speaker suggests holdin hands across 93 so tht if riders cant ride drivers cant drive
Today in 1974, the Winter Garden #Theatre on #Bway was evacuated due to a bomb threat.
TEETH in my pants! or her pants! Human centipede in my pants!
Prepping for our 2011 Production - "Broken Vines".
Universal Studios later..... a bit excited..
Best part of Kindle and Nook copies finally being available- you guys can read the first chapter on your devices for free! :D
I have nothing but good things to say about Solid service that I see myself using again soon.
you around the city ;D I mean British boys are great!
I love how quiet and peaceful it is in here on Friday mornings.
Also, it's depicting a completely unrealistic ecosystem. Penguins and lions? C'MON!
Fantasy Baseball draft is over. Let the 2012 MLB Baseball season begin!!
about half the conversations I have with authors/publicists/agents/editos start out with "There are some GREAT blogs, but…."
I don't think I have ever screamed so loud at the tv in my entire life. Seriously. :(
yes i do. Hahaha. I'm going to my friends. Ttyl!
Thanks, Andy!
Lol..nah..just the playoffs..too many tweets.
OMG I WANT SOME OF THAT AHAHAHA! So much better than helium.
Our favorite new-performance curators have a comedy show lined up tonight at our favorite comedy venue ! 11pm-3am!
- where do I get a #19 VT jersey online?
This day we celebrate the women who made us who we are and the women who made them. (: generational love
Does anyone know any good freelance Drupal developers? Someone who freelances full time rather than moonlighting?
#DASER attendees and followers, how are you continuing the conversation about the intersections of art, science, and culture between events?
Yup that's me. I'll add that to my bio now thank u very much xD
Have a need for small claims? We can serve your subject anywhere! DM me for more info. Good luck!
good morning #Bestie:-) Work has been crazy, long as they pay me I can deal with it. Dating game is ova before it begun
Can I borrow your phone charger this morning?
Good morning!!!
Anyone know where Chevy Metal is playing tonight? In NOLA??
Saying good bye to my We Keep Moving family & all my new family from Chicago #msconf 2010...see y'all in Dallas in 2011!
If you go to the appleinsider (.com) you can find out about a lot of the new stuff going on with Apple and their competition.
Bad things may happen, but good things are on the horizon.
I feel like "it" is a very important word because without it our ability to name psychopathic clowns would be crippled.
ninety ninety seven. The year of the finest.
no but I just saw you silly! I haven't seen the others since Jan!
Great time at CMA fest performing with artists like , dancing at the Stage and meeting people from everywhere.
"Home is not where you live, but where they understand you."
Interesting.... is working on their first graphic novel. I'll keep an eye out for when it's done or posted as a webcomic.
Her presence on sideline is great business for soft pretzel vendor RT Holly Rowe needs to give Baylor advice on boxing out
Heck's naw lol they started fighting at lunch and im up here like YES! YES! YES! YES!
RT : The state of Tennessee is ready to errupt.
yeah that's true for me, too
It's so hot outside... #sweaty ;)
Couple in front us at Black Keys left way early. Likely dirty bathroom sex in their near future.
i'm like gas prices, high for no reason.
I'm not Libra but I LOVE the hair!
just got an invite to play 18 @ Hywan CC in Evergreen this Saturday...I said YES!
Amazing. Hoping it all comes together for you!
Name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have.
Seriously? Working late at our office and can't find a single beer in any of the fridges and the keg is empty.
Leading worship Wednesday night for a Junior High lock-in at Rhea's Mill Church w/ special guest ! Love some junior high kids!
Those "I love you more" fights..
we are called to patient endurance
With Pleasure Aaron. Out looking at flowers.
Realizing more and more everyday, what fucking animals we all are.
Hanging@ Temecula Beer and Wine Garden.. great band!
what's your mp3 email address
No thank u
Farming &amp; Agriculture: Meat Quality Grades
just read your bio on wikipedia - VERY impressive! I have a new role model :)
The meeting is free and questions are encouraged.
Oh SHIT! I just heard FUTURE ON LION KING
If you give me the right feelings, I can rebuild your shattered heart.
Redirecting ALL funds... Ya boi is BACK!
hate omegle. hate life. hate everything. except Austin, he's the only thing keeping me going just now.
man I got u when u hit #Anchorage if u smoke!!!!
thank you we will email you the details!
I can't sleep
Haha aw, I'm glad you're feeling better though. I watched the second half, Klaine SL was eh but liked the Pezberry. Thoughts?
Appreciate the new followers! RT us & get involved with A.Y.S.!
Who's pools open??! wants to go swimming!
thanks for your thoughts. I agree a bit pricey
OneLove and Respect Bredda! More to come!!
From birth I was cast upon you; from my mother's womb you have been my God. Psalm 22:10
Let's go suzanne bump for auditor, and state senator creem for senate. Oh yeah!
+ Me taking over Philly Fringe with "Meet Me in Paris" ?! OH YES. upcoming writers/directors.
Clean your cellphone with antibacterial wipes to prevent chin and cheek breakouts. Oh and your phone at the office too.
I couldn't sleep because I was so excited. So proud of the clippers! Tomorrow game 1 are you ready?
FRIDAY - Whew! One down for the Wildcats. Now let's focus on Iowa State. WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS ON THE UK-WKU GAME?
#burger king was giving out free fries today??? I'm sure that was a hot mess
You have the best show on TV right now. Love it!
I love having a new job!
Off to church. WV style!!!
#SCtop10 Carlos Gomez 8th inning HR sprint around the bases. He was home before Bernie Brewer got down the slide!
"OUR GENERATION doesn't ring the doorbell, we text or call to say we're outside."
Why would they be threatened by his success? I just don't get some people.
It's mutual! (Regan here on the Twitter mic.) Feel free to send us info about your bks and events and I'll post.
A Northern New Mexico College student called the police to report that someone had broken into his car and stolen his radar detector.
opening night of All Through the Night at the 63rd street Y theater
Sorry Michael! We wish we could, all tickets are sold through the lovely folks at the Josh Beckett Foundation.
Just left my good friends house. His grandma is crazy and can't speak english. Haha
I hate vectors. #mathproblems 
Satanic sex cult? Huh? Is there some news story out there?
wow... I just sent you a funny text to lol
In about a day in a / my new screen name
Last night was ridiculous. Haha.
Oh ok. Where are Nanda's parents?
thanks for the retweet! I am in a funny mood today. That is way better than being depressed! :-)
Honcho lifestyle tip #2 - Work for the weekends.
Read the entire Belgardiad series (David Eddings) on flights to and from Dublin. It owes large amounts to LOTR, but enjoyable nonetheless.
nice... I totally agree
I vote Ecovative
yes sir got my tix already
"Never let me go" Highly recommended. Amazing photography. //
What? Didn't we argue 4 months about my contention that #webOS wasn't free software? It's always been closed. iOS=webOS=Windows
heading into work @ 18th/alabama, blowfish (rest.) at 12:30pm then back at work
Sky jerome Simpson.
I just wanna fuck
Thanks good brother!
Such a good feeling to know we may not be homeless next year!
sorry buddy i was gettin bored with twitter
Im good how are you?
Ironic how Red/White/Blue represent freedom... Until the lights are flashing behind you LOL
Good follows! -->RT So glad to connect with
pissed I couldn't do sxsw this year cus of work....how was queens??
i have always been told practice makes improvement beccause nothings perfect
Catch us THIS FRIDAY NIGHT at Western Front in Cambridge!
OK, the big question is, how well did the North Anna Nuclear power plant hold up during that earthquake?
Mark Diaz will launch some kind of crowdsourced agent rating company at rezzidential.com ?
Are our speakers happy? Senwosret says yes, she's about a 7. De Graaf says he's a "above average"
#BOYFRIENDReview U did great job it's amazing J!!
I'd rather have Foster than Mccoy.
I tell you something n you carry out the convo like you never heard me... Uh no. Answer me.
"To be exceptional, you have to be an exception." -
Hate Bitch Niggaz !
Bailout Side-Effect: The next President will be in the business of evicting Americans from their homes. Republican Trojan Horse?
Senior project speech tomorrow,
Oh to be young again...
#mlanet12 Free wifi in all meeting rooms and in conf. hotels. Strength, bandwidth, etc. unknown. No wifi in exhibit hall.
congrats! I'll be sure to look for it!
Tonight was just perfect, <3
Trouble on board several flights involving unruly passengers. What's going on in the air? Stories at 5:30 on
Playing on my brand new android phone! Got a Samsung Epic 4G and am loving it so far!
Quick update for my #Chicago followers: #Bulls up 74-52 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
Tracking piano for a song
Is the word ginormous sexist? I can't decide.
Its getting closer . . .
Talking To Sweetie Tweetie! :D
follow 4 follow?
i wanna laugh!! o_0!!! O-O
With the 235th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Matt Capps
RT : did I see that you used 'yall' when thanking someone for a RT?? My work here is done./// shhhhhhhh
We're open until 3pm if you need a break from the road. Stop by for a bite and get some work done!
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo is that I don't trust people who never talk, and I don't like people who talk too much.
I love you too
thanks for the follow! the new web site will be up soon! i got that goodness for your scissors! :)
Words cannot express how proud of my team I am right now!
Having conversations with random women about the pros of colored jeans
“: My birthday is in two days....” mine is in nine
No on the train today. Not a good start to the week.
Rick Santorum's non stop hate campaign rolls on, fueled by the ignorance of of brain dead zealots.
Oh, Portland! We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
FB just switched me to timeline and I'm fucking confused.
Dr. Collins from says this is a win win win for investigators, companies and most importantly patients.
Exhibitors should be sure to follow up w/ booth visitors with links to their social media pages to keep the convo going!
"…and the weather's so breezy, damn why can't life always be this easy?"
ha - true.
That Dr. Phil episode was intense
Finally it's lunch time!!!
It's almost comical how many people are upset OV likely won't have a hearing. Give me a break. Seriously.
"a time to touch his robe and feel the healing surge through us, a time to ponder and a time to wonder..."
Time to execute Order 66 on your sister. Lol
it'll be nice, hot, and cheesy........ If ya know what I mean.
no.... da 99¢ bag of hair dat be in da corner store now
ice that shit up kid
Getting ready for tonight's vegetarian class. The Provencal Potato & Tomato Gratin with Olives & Thyme is going to be dynamite!
I’m not a national news huffpo elitist like you
Bad day:\
Spending all day and weekend on Hurricane #Irene communications. We'll be doing our best, but this is team's 1st one!
ha I go to Warped Tour on Wednesday, and my nine year old brother is giving me money to get a BVB poster...he already has 3.
Shout out to: for being my 70 follower!!(: now shoot for 75!!(;
Looking for Web/iPhone developers! Check out my blog! I have tons of ideas, anyone interested in making some iphone history?
IF U FOLLOW & THEY FOLLOW BACK
no, forreal though.... they really ARE slow. *hangs head in shame*
#wiunion Craig Spaulding handed an etch-a-sketch to Ann Romney at Hubbard Diner (or tried her handlers snatched it. How fitting!
whats it called?
we need to smoke :)
That's because most Obama supporters don't know how to use computers except to play video games
Did you have a chance to come for some chicken and waffles? :)
You Know They Guilty If They Can't Look You In The Eye...
Happy Birthday Hannah! RT if we should trend! #HappyBirthdayHannah!
wine and c++ on a Friday night. It's all the rage...
Sitting on a park bench pretending to feed imaginary ducks, is a good way to keep people from sitting next to you.
has too much work to do to be out drinking
SAME HERE! :) : Can't wait to see the pics that gets on his trip w/his daughters at Ixtapa.
Tonight, the end, doors @ 9, $5 cover, plays 930 or 10. Be there to get rocked!!!!!!!!!!!!
IF JUSTIN BIEBER, KATY PERRY, & MILEY CIRUS CAN HAVE THEIR OWN STUPID TOUR MOVIE IN THEATERS, WHY CAN'T ?!
Happy Mother's Day, moms!!
Tried to throw a cup into the bin and spilled coffee all over the carpet
I'm off tomorrow so happy for that 
1 more paragraph in this freaking essay and im done! ugh to bad my brain is fried!
I think she is real but a lil dramatic.... Sorry but I think that's her personality sadly
so, after a 3 month hiatus, we're coming back :) details to come! much love twitta peeps!
good stuff, right? thanks for checking us out - see you on Thursday.
We were just talking about Waco's Tacos and wondering how it was? Since you're the new Mayor... how is it?
“: Game 7 at the garden #gardenmagic”
Goddamnit why do I wanna call you so bad 😣
Need to up my twitter game. Had a good weekend with some friends. Now back on the grind for GL to in AC for
where at?
100% not women
Do you think Junior Seau said owww when he shot himself today?
Ditto!! RT I saw Smash's in Wicked - I could tell then she was going to be a huge star.
I have good news there are already admissions-first early adopters. I will be presenting on this very topic at eduSummit.
burning out! :/
Segment w/ on was awesome. #tenmindfulminutes ...tho I usually only need 5
luck be a LADYbug
Punta Arenas, Chile!
I love how every girl loves One Direction just now when they came on the X Factors OVER a year ago.
Jesus came to give me life... Not religion
- Finish watching the movie now watching everybody hates chris....
Tip for my readers. #languages #kids #education Parents should check out More than Latin. Many languages on their site. A+
Great hang yesterday with ! Thanks for all the support!!!
Jojos ugly self never texted me back
hm #SpaceTweeps must be more flexible than I thought.
2nd day of #LegalTech, our new remote videoconferencing is getting lots of interest.
Thanks for the link!
Im ridin around with that dezieee !
You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke, their high and their low .
UC Davis students speaking 1st: system not working. Chancellors deserve pay cut. Education is right. Regents r 1%.
I'm wearing a tank top, sweater AND hoodie sweatshirt. More cowbell won't cure this fever. Two more sales. Then I can sleep.
What?! Awesome! That's been on my dream list!
I'll be in Chicago this weekend! Anyone want some mod work done let me know asap!
Bingham Tavern, giving it a try tonight.
AND SO IT BEGINS!!!
Sweet Dreams!
Eye-opening statistic: 4% of the U.S. K12 public school school districts contain over 50% of U.S. students.
Wish I could have made it to Bamboozle to see and The Hangout Fest to see :/
because I saw Austin's poll for his next concert & I saw Tronto, Canada so I screamed yeah I live sort of close to Tronto!
Appreciate the RT! Thanks.
I'm doing great, busy as usual. How are you doing ?
20 more minutes. I hate school. #summervacation or #spring break?
Historian, archivist, tour guide Jennie Benford will discuss cemeteries & what they say about the way we live. 09/25 12:30pm.
God sent me an angel from the heavens above<3 #ILoveYou!!!!
I mean.
On/Off...RT : “: No one did no matter what provider. RT As usual, I had NO service in the stadium.”/U did
nah, connecting to the UK
Huntsville al turn up!!!
Nothing like talking #nbalockout and #socialism over the nailbiting #ALDS final game with haha
We can only learn to love by loving!
De-Existentialism (n.): The only "meaning" to breed like rats and the only "choice" to survive for the sake of survival...despite itself.
Start with the value to your audience, not yourself.
Hi my lovebugs!! Miss u more gorgeous girl!!! Hope ur well!! xoxoxoxxoxoxo <3
#BBN other than the new prints I mentioned, also have Teague, Lamb, MKG, Wiltjer, Harrow and one or two of Davis' UNC block
Adam Lambert is the perfect way to start this gorgeous day.
I want to be friends with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. How cool would that be?
lmgtfy. Shaking my head.
It doesn't beat my hair, I'm sorry Colton but my hair was all natural ;)
Re: Grenell, credit to Romney camp for practicing the hate they preach. Previous campaigns would sacrifice principle for talent.
thank you for the
Yes!! I love it!!! looks good on you!!
I hope Justins okay <3 I really hope she didn't break his heart <3 If she upset him I'm going to cry <3
Ran a 5k this morning, thanks for suggesting the c25k program so very long ago. Finally followed through!
I think I may still be drunk from last night. Interesting. Now the question, drink myself down? or nap and suffer through?
It's because there isn't any engagement. They just need to grow. Question is, how?
I'm feeling the same way. Great keynote; bad time to get sad news.
ah lol! You do love a good shimmy! :)
RT : Heh. Newt's team just sent out a blank email titled: "Mitt Romney's Top Conservative Achievements."
Lalalalala why am I up so late ?
:( can't have to see ma Montepare. Sunday dinner? --“: Want to meet Melton tomorrow for lunch?”
I KNOW ITS SCARY. The sad thing is that it will all disappear into a big check to Uncle Sam come next tax season.
Record label just emailed me mothers day artist liners. Way to be on the ball guys!
So Rob Lowe was right... lots of people dressed for the funeral in Indy today.
#random #shoutout to the #Csquad!!! is here to stay!
Happy #FF How's the Boolean Empire this fine day?
Check out the awesome giveaway over blog! So freaking cute!
There's no getting back to good..
gotta hold back .
The minute when your past catches up to u and all u wanna do is cry in someone's arm
can't wait to see you!!! Happy Birthday again booski!
RT : 10,000 books have been donated. Can u help us donate 15,000 books by 5PST tonight? Read & give. Takes 1 min....
Do undergrads still try to be clever by ripping out the middle pgs in bluebooks?
Now that is so very true. Your mind can be your worst enemy.
Yep. 42k tweets is a heckuvalotta tweets, oh dude of awesomeness!
oh ok
Space Solar power? There are markets for the power yes, but once again, how do we pay for R&D or launch costs?
I answered about 20, but I put "propane" for all of my answers.
Best week ever! staff received the Managing Director's PhillyStat Excellence award which was presented by ...TY
yes, my program prepared me to do single-subject design research which is very useful in our field.
ill see
Sounds tasty. I love a good blend. Cheers!
Everything we have worked so hard for these past four years are finally on their way. Just a few more days, a few more sleepless nights :D.
Know thyself, be yourself, live life but not being somebody else.....
lol love u to my wonderful cousin lmao am still drunk plus just woke up
Are you ready to rock? We're all ready to go for Light of Day in memory of Danny and Clarence at the Stone Pony tomorrow night!
shouts to those who made it to the show... i appreciate the support.... also shout out to for his #TMM RELEASE SHOW AT
": "Unanswered" will always be my favorite Suicide Silence song." One of the best SS songs! RT
LOL I just realized it's Friday
Even when im bored and have nothing to do , I still don't try and do my homework.
thanks for the mention, still trying to get my Twitter legs under me. Appreciate the support.
and shout to any 'related' 12-yr-olds... B-\ ... RT: Happy 12th Birthday D'angelo's "Voodoo" one of YT's desert island LPs
personal finance blog
talking to someone and them not hearing you <<<<
Please please please please follow me!!!!!!!! #followmedylan I would FREAK OUT if you followed me!!!
the swo youth rally was powerful. Lets live in the light and not be night crawlers!
Good morning people.
No Way! That is awesome! You guys are now besties!
that's awesome! Where's it at?
See you soon! RT : Heading down to Hillcrest for grub time today - Taste of Hillcrest Draws in the Crowd | CUR8EUR...
Where are you sitting at the Chairperson Luncheon?
Problem with most of the recent generational comparisons: they need to be longitudinal. Of course people differ in different life stages.
There are reasons some businesses are hugely successful, others “get by” and the less fortunate fail
Dancing to The New York Grove :D
EOI will be closed Saturday & Sunday to be w/ our family & friends for the holidays, and will re-open Monday 12/26 at 8am. Merry Christmas!!
There are no rules when it comes to love; I just let love surprise me!
More than 6,000 emails in my inbox. I think I have a Or an organization problem.
Hello! May I study with you? Need an apprentice? (Being tongue-in-cheek, unless you're indeed taking students)...J
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success
A trumpet players "trumpet player" for sure !
pshhh where was my invite?! I was all ready to sing some Rick Astley and Gin Blossoms. At Muzette or Fast Eddies?
": Bill Walton is a great speaker. #scedc" Agreed, you could hear a pin drop in here!
I'm in a freakin annoyed ass mood. I hate when ppl stereotype me. The way this old hag just looked at me almost earned her a roundhouse
are you going to release a list for sour fest tomorrow?
Tips On How To Get A Flat Stomach « glamdollteaston
Awww, a million thanks for taking the time to look over our press and to say SUCH nice things!
The greatest arguments against evolution are YouTube commenters and trending topics on twitter.
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam tomorrow, Thursday from 7 to 10.
So #LiNC has ended but I'm spending the weekend. Anyone down to clown?
Woo! The Blackhawks made my day! Just found out I won the Dave Bolland bobblehead! Thanks again guys :)
Hey Or C) Big Ten and PAC-12 being left out of title-game mix too often.
It's ok! I'll push past it. Thanks :-)
I think I have some free drink coupons that I can use for those Starbucks Espresso Shots, so that should help.
already I got ya pimpin
riding back from T-town
Check out ’s late night happy hour tonight from 9pm-12am! Complete w/ $4 appetizers & a full absinthe bar.
Next up, the amazing Vicki Clark!! I just love #juniorleague consultants!
ha yeah lol she used to be a pro wrestler her name was lady vendetta or some shit like that
ikr :') i feel bad cuz i havent been around for a while /:
its always good to find that local connect good shit fam! Not for me no ...
me neither.
a real woman loves her mans doo doo
I just might do the same u might b on 2 somethin
it's an outbreak. same thing over here.
Nice TD today bud! Boomer Sooner! Good luck in the playoffs.
#Knicks down 8-1 in first minutes of the game and the team store is 40% off of everything.
Tomorrow is another busy wedding day and Fashion show in the evening.
oh, why? me too :/ but i'm always here to help any mahomie <3 so tell me, what's happenin?
RT : Our galleries are closed as we install the summer exhibitions, Post-Industrial Complex and Vertical Urban Factory
Headshot Tip: If your shots look like everyone's else's, they'll just blend in. Demand creativity & originality from your photographer!
Worrying is the same thing as banging your head against the wall. It only feels good when you stop. -John Powers
It was a tough decision - $17 puppy or transformer cake, $21 huge cake or the cake log. LOL. Poor guy is getting a log for his bday. :)!
I posted it on my FB, too. xo
Speak girl! Lol RT : yes. Like them loving God is the only thing that's gonna keep their husbands around
that is so totally true about lol
We Have Some Exciting News That We Can't Wait to Share with you all!
RT : Did I miss someone explaining the terrible decision to slot Girls against Mad Men? I am irritated on behalf of my timeline.
Thanks Tom. Tell Jenny I said hey. Dont eat all that chocolate at once
Tomorrow!! Join us! RT Colts rally 2day @ Monument Circle 11-1p. Our friends will b there 2 announce campaign goal!
your Julia the great <3. she follows me :) so shes famous
Sounds great!!
Watching Buffy, and noticing that the locker rooms at Sunnydale High are always rather dark. They should get on that...
Thank You :)
A little studio time and a little concert this weekend. Should be rad.
your welcome for nutella
- done and done. put me down for 4.
I would like to work on music with you!! Follow Back. I think we could come up with some good stuff!!
Violet wants 'beans'. Off to Luche libre taco shop.
I did! I was watching her. She looked so pissed. I truly can't stand her.
Your song Bezz in the Trap is stuck in maa head <3
I aint even hungry anymore...
James Sims!
yes! I may/may not have been super-sad to find the nearest one to my ZIP is in some mall in Jersey. the breadsticks...
I wish u were back workin with me
Golf is a funny game and today seemed to go my way, so it was nice to get off to a good start
this sounds So shady...
I have a bad headache.
Amy Goodman is the Chuck Norris of Journalism
is Re-writing Where I Live and What I Live For.
My Crank Session Coming In 20 Mins.
You can ease away from non-fiction with anything by Erik Larson, or I recently liked The Night Circus or The Tiger's Wife.
giants played good but how about the amazing mets baby start the season 5-15 now a game above .500 without wright or Davis
Just cataloged an LP single of Zappa's Valley Girl. Like, totally.
Hehe hi there ;)
A restaurant could say the same. Disease and problems usually happen at the farm not the table. Somethin to think bout. :)
Wish u were here - DW and Tony Stewart are passing out food and supplies at noon as part of the Feed the Children program.
are you coming to the rager !
Also very disappointed by the end of development for the desktop app. Won't be looking at a boxee box, instead an AppleTV replacement
"We're no Instagram, we have revenue"
join my religion! - eugene
We're sending support to our local partners in #Japan to provide water, food & other needs to survivors: www.medicalteams.org/Japan Pls RT!
why not take the State Governor that has the best fiscal policys and health care system and promote that person for president???
Getting To The M.O.N.E.Y....In All Uppercases....
love that quote!
thanks boo :) i'll hopefully be seeing you soon. what days are usually free?
…cont) on Bahrain.
I hate when I can't fall asleep ): it's almost 4:30am and I'm not sleepibg
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
I guess not...
How is it that there are so many muscular, attractive, clean cut young men in Boston? Is it the universities?
S/O to for helping us out with our website.
Good job girl! :) RT : 92% on my psych final! #winning :)
Congrats on your retirement.
yea! Just Rick. He's got his video/still guns ablaze!
. PS didn't tell you they are switching to a per-hand-participation rake pay system for their announcers ()
GUESS U DIDN'T KNOW THAT IT'S A FREE AFFILIATION - Check it Make 20% Retail Sales - Plus 10% Downline Sales! Unless someone wants to...
Ever have those days where you just feel gross?
Fall Back to Beauty Event is happening! Shop, recieve gifts and amazing services!! See you this week :)
I miss u more
I'm California dreaming. #dreams #dreambig #AnythingIsPossible if you have the drive.
Joining tonight at Adding a wrinkle to the brain.
Besides, your longer features deserve blog responses/round-up links. Not just tweets. :)
There was an Old Lady who Swallowed a Fly by Simms Taback: Keep your mouth closed.
that is rather disturbing. But I'm ready!!!!!!!!!
i feel like shit, thank god i'm staying home from school the whole week omfg. going to sleep, goodnight ~
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
please follow me ur an insperation I have to say more so ill make another tweet
Hey jola Hey
haha I'm sorry!
I updated my iPad. I think I like the changes.
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love. .
Great to see you this AM! PRT : Catching up with with coffee & conversation....
aha you know better trickka
i fucking hate siblings.Didn't talk to my sister for a week cause she's a bitch. just started talking agian.less than a minute she ruins it.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
Q-How old are you? A-I am 15, 16 March 2 (:
"all of the things we once held as truth are paying it forward; they're demanding proof..."
Macy,Kate,Aubrey,and Aly are the best friends any girl can have.There so funny and my bffls!Luv u guys!:]
Where does one procure espresso in Columbia from around now until 11 or 12?
In order to be optimistic you gotta throw the negative stuff out of your life.
shoe me
aw well im glad your better!(: im just sitting in english class :/
“: HEY LADIES”
TONIGHT! You can TIVO SNL but you don't wanna miss live Comedy? At The Box Performance Space (2nd and Gold) Tickets are only $6
It's a fucking travesty that NBC cancels something promising and intriguing like AWAKE, but renews migraine inducing trash like WHITNEY.
": Now there's no WE babe , There's just YOU and there's ME baby <3 #ThinkLikeAMan"
If only George Zimmerman had thought Trayvon Martin had weapons of mass destruction we wouldn't be having this conversation.
ignore me.. Cool
octopress! highly recommended, at least so far
Get out the scrote
ignorant people piss me off...
yep :-) happy Easter you two:-)
This a video for Saba Restaurant. Give us your reviews.
warning! Do not attempt at FOH. Good way to loose a job
well ur wearing it well I'm sure...I'm sure u burn adequate calories lamenting the Mavs season..lol
loved the term "twitter bankruptcy" you used at
Bring your favorite male/female pet to the game Sunday. We will be filling the ark located outside the stadium.
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore, but because you realize they don’t...
Ok Dan Uggla, I see you
Well, Pill wasn't a pitching prospect who was rated higher than Clayton Kershaw either. Can't remember where I read that...
Newt tries to get the tiny mouse vote.
No Will Ferrell during Weekend Update?!
I'll go watch a movie ,maybe wrath of the titans
Now acc to CNN Romney and Obama about tied???..polls bouncing-not to be taken seriously until Labor Day
possibe t-shirt time if we can get flowin. kids #ultimateskel right now
:) yeshh can I steal one from you 2 :)
RT If you want to follow people that can make a difference in ur life then u must follow - a true difference maker!
ron swanson just ate 15 deviled eggs and april ludgate avoided meeting a new person by claiming she had the swine flu. they are me.
I'm Tight Right Now Yo -.-
"Such a strange sensation when the reality matches the picture in my head so precisely.".
i heard that lol dont get messed up to bad
Just set a new record... Biggest diaper blowout yet! The things I share with you guys!
Why Is It So Hard to Quit Smoking?
Wow, I think you made a bad decision about where to go for dinner. G'luck!
We're all still waiting for our Hogwarts letter.
Your were given this life because you are strong enough to live it <3
RT : Glass half full: I’m proud that my verbally advanced 2-yo daughter could tell the doctor EXACTLY how the Lego got in her nose.
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
Looks like you'll have some comments in Pres Rhet today on the "Mission and Moment" essay.
yes exactly!!!
I'm having ice cream cake later!
Shared sacrifice is the name of the game - think about the community
No need to worry, I've made it out of the Higland Park area without beign shot at.
Thanks for the follow :) Xx
if you have a pool or at the lake or beach its pretty much a given you can start when the sun starts shining. stay hydrated :)
I'm literally right next to you and witnessed you tweet that. I feel pretty cool
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: #YouTube actually lets users choose their thumbnails so do it carefully and thoughtfully.
A lot of my friends weren't even in our class. Also, I hate being reminded of old animosity & my general apathy toward classmates
am I buying books in Pottermore or doing homework? one guess.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. - George Washington
watching a Modern Marvels episode about stone and rock right now...no shame...
All about thursdays, or "what am I doing for the weekend" days....that could really be any day tho
wow!!! Yeah count down those school days! Goodness!
call me, maybe?
Atetnding a webinar "Making #Volunteer Engagement everyone's job ! Looking forward to learning more.
We're recording episode 9 tomorrow with another possible "special" guest .. Please submit any topics, challenges and such for the episode..
Did U know mushrooms absorb water? Even from the air! Instead of washing them next time just clean them with a damp cloth.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I think I used to live with someone a long, long time ago.
I got to try it a few weeks ago--delicious!
aww ok babe thanks and ill be safe! Love ya!
lol I eat boys for dinner
I would be excited too! Good luck! You'll do great :)
b/c they feel like they're not a threat and are only around them for sex...
So excited to see you featured in Apartment therapy my friend!! :)
shut up ^OH I JUST DID;D
20 this week !
That's EXACTLY what I ask the hundreds of students who ask me that!
Given your high cheek bones, I'm surprised you're not tweeting in Apache.
Good coach. RT Apparently Darryl Drake ran the length of the field to chest bump Alshon Jeffrey after he caught a TD.
My day just went from good to bad my mom is in the hospital and she doesn't look like she will last til the weekend so back to Georgia I go!
Cubs/Cards. Nuthin like it.
sad part is this is what we'll be chasing tomorrow
Facebook is like a longterm relationship and twitter is a romp in the hay every once in a while.
Takes chutzpah to avoid paying US tax on fantasy-valuation payout billions. Yeah, but what has America done for him *lately*...
After hearing #easierasus, said "yeah, it's about time for a new Room For Squares." Flattered doesn't cover it.
You don't DM somebody talkin bout "good morning baby how are you my dick hard AF" especially to somebody you don't een kno. That's creepy.
Oh thanks. That's music to my ears!
Load in @ 10:30? Your kidding?!!!!
I Just Wonder ...
Busted guy taking pic of lamb testicles What's up with that?
Just want to fall asleep but I have so much on my mind.
omg ik right I love listening to old songs! They bring back so many memories I swear
I don't think so. lol
lol cuz it's so late where u are...
got my cool greys
how was that not a full double?
I have a QUESTION for all the peeps who got some of the iconic boyz to follow them (HOW DID U DO IT..?)
yeah haha something like that
I had no clue you have a twitter! Haha.
Some things are better left unsaid..
So, "Battleship." It's very loud, very big and very dumb. Very, very dumb. But I can't say I didn't enjoy it. It's also charmless. Enjoy!
your prettiness transcends generational gaps. Clearly.
Hurry up, Rocco, mama's waiting! (And all your SPJ aunties & uncles.)
#NP GZA ft Method man - Shadowboxing
#subwayfitchat I think putting a Subway sandwich at my feet will motivate me to do sit ups. ;)
lol them fake bull ride go longer the eight second lol
Halfway done with work. Haircut time after. Shopping. Then Red Lobster date with my mom. Sneaking a nap in. Then Rangers/Caps game 7.
People never learn
So basically if I follow you on twitter I follow you on instagram :)
should of went the extra $ on Infante...smh
Planning's on for La Calaca Masquerade Oct. 29--can't wait to see Austin's most over-the-top Calavera Catrinas this Halloween!
Where are my parents? It's 7:30
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
right like she just woobles around!! :D
nope it isn't, but it's cool. Lmfao. I'm retarded. I shouldn't have got it, I'm gonna be in so much trouble.
That awkward moment when my shoe makes a very believable fart noise in class. I tried to make the sound again but failed.
pretty good. Editing a wedding. Just heard a rascal flats song I can't get out of my head now.
Boy Bye, Not Wit Them Shoes 0n ... Haaha ( :
Wow, congratulations!! I can't wait to read the sequel. :)
Do you like #ROC beer? Tomorrow at 10 on , we'll be talking with and !
you are kinda AMAZING. and by kinda, i mean TOTALLY.
Thanks for following me Cameo Rena, Scenesbyjp and Mrkbathurst and everyone else!
okey dokey sounds good I work saturday morning till three and after not doing anything so forsure :) just lmk
Hope you feel Better :D
Ugly people with high standards <<<<
Had a dream I was Tony Soprano's son & Sean Astin's brother, kidnapped Bobby Kotick, and was stereotyped as a suicidal Nazi
That song still ruins me. I hade a huge love/hate with it. (cc: )
OH hahahaha I thought you were calling us dicks
u think playoffs next year?
Am I a bad person for laughing throughout my holocaust class today?
thanx for following me... if you want to you can follow my husband!!
Hanging with bestfriend Tracy!! Going to platos closet
The Republican plan to trash Medicare is becoming THE issue in the race to replace Chris Lee. Watch this race! Dems can pull an upset!
When girls like watching sports>>>
Tea is good. Naw, I'm just cold af
Best way to get new biz? word of mouth. 2nd best way? public speaking gigs.
Got me thinking like im 75... I aint even see thirty
Gina, are you here?
<<< But I'm trying to tone it down... Lol you however don't have that knob lol go for it!!!
I don't care if you think it's sweet ..the song "Christmas shoes" is awful.
IMHO it fits right in line with RIP. Classic Megadeth sound, no sign of the 94-2004 sell out period.
RT : Good morning from Crewe. We will be live from today from 7am EST/12pm GMT.
Well put, but as someone who has to eat this stuff, I just want it to stop. "Look! I put a thing in a thing!" Aaaaugh.
Thanks! I didn't mean to be so conceited with the name, but all variations of 'heidi' are for real taken.
whats the word over there? We're getting 503 errors
headed to B St??!?
I love mine because I can listen to my audiobooks while I'm mowing the lawn!
Thnx for the tweet. Happy to already be a follower.
"Value the wiggle."
I would like for George Martin to stick to ONE lie *ahem* I mean story.
Found mean girls dvd. Game over
99 days until
Lol my girl tell me that too
I dont want to get up for work
speaking some real shit
Risk is the wrong word. Possibility, potential success, next adventure, new start, training for rapid changes, hope.
so gay hahaha
Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!....at least I think.
great video man just saw it, nice job man
We are working our butts off thank you for being patient with us it'll be worth it! -Zack
Congratulations! This is an inspiration for others in similar situations.
good morning babes
I hate world history wit mr burney .
Hey man we miss you here in Wisconsin. Everyone is proud of you & how hard you work at your dreams. Always remember 1-0 everyday.
Whenever it rains theres always an ugly girl that puts on facebook "Kissing in the rain ❤:)" ok nobody wants to kiss ur ugly ass
I know there are a lot of Rick Barnes haters out there right now, but lets be real, our next big after Chapman is 6'7".
We can use one or two for a rejoin...Make sure you tell me who to source. Thanks
can you please RT?? tomorrow its my birthday It will make me so happy that one of my inspirations wished me a Happy B-day :):)
Yo Rome they choped up the jungle in Sacramento WTF. I'm on a budget can't aford to be an insider.. SMH..
:o how did i play yu for going out with a gurl -.-.
Sadler - important to be authentic & transparent, focus on what u do well.
All nighter to prove people wrong
Lol girl this stuff on point!!! Ima bring it to the house next week!
ill be waiting punk!
Why more college-aged ppl now use Twitter: RT It's more acceptable to post every 2 seconds on here than to do the same thing on fb
Anyone in KC area interested in an Epson R200 printer... it's free!
RT : Eric McClure is awake and alert and communicating to medical staff per
i need some stripper friends and some gay friends!!!
Enjoy 50% Off at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Whoops. That should be "extinction level event". And extension level event isn't the big a deal. ;-)
Picking up some Irish Soda Bread at Con Pane & saying hello to my friend at Slaters 50/50, out raising $$ on a rainy day.
Misses her freshman students:/
I don't know how people like cut their wrist. I would probably like faint or some shit if I ever did that. Let alone it's right on your vein
S/O to our amazing guests!! This past weekend was one for the record books, we can't wait to do it again this Fri & Sat!
Hey IRAN has the largest JEWISH minority of ALL islamic countries (25000 people)
if it doesnt want fit you make it fit!^o^
"bust out"
what is “bimbang”? And what's matter?
Why shouldn't they? News channels r looking 4 front runner, so far they can't see 1. They have 2 report, it's too cloudy 2 4cast
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Some people will never understand what it feels like to truly love someone
oh okay hah
wore my hollyhock necklace last night. It looked smashing.
After a day like this... I need a drank and some blues guitar!
going offline now for a while cause i need to eat and do a project due tomorrow, tweet everyone later :)
Ann, thank you so much! I hope you know that means an enormous amount to me coming from you!
RT : I hope that all works out well. I really would love to take my daughter to a pro womens game.
just watched Herzog's #IntoTheAbyss, amazing doc.
I wish we'd been able to work something out, but we didn't discuss it until too late. We're sorry and assholes.
I'm from Oregon; I don't like pumping my own gas.
just watched "silent disco" I can't believe you took the other part out eitherway i'm now gonna throw a imagination party.. ...
right back at u
Hi Kim! Professor Hecht said I should introduce myself so you could add me to the list. Thanks!
yes but we are currently experiencing some bugs. Should be fixed by Saturday for Droid and apple
can't wait to watch you "vibrate" RT : custom cupcakes $5
ah :) okay! Thanks fellow Mahomie
Heard a colleague say in a meeting today, "universities are no places for innovation." Ideally, I think, they should be.
miss those lonely stoner nights. . .
hot rod is such an inspiring movie
$0.79 for sparkling water at Trader Joe's is definitely the highlight of my weekend.
Looks like a great movie! I'm in San Francisco so unfortunately won't be there.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend, Nick!!!!<3
Promoting a book is officially the most awkward thing I've ever done.
thank you
is she going to do playboy or is it all over for her?
This game makes me much more confident. At least they are trying!
I think it's time to start charging prospective employers and clients to interview me.
Cyborg chauffeur pulled over for turning left on red, trying to drag me into the driver's seat. Let me finish this tweet, Gamgam!
Wake up !
....Is the loneliest number since the number one?
because my twitter have a problem , i unfollow you and i follow you again , try again :'/
can you ask B if he wants to meet me for dinner tomorrow?
The Avengers was a good azz movie in 3d
damn girl I saw on YouTube dancing to I think shakira u were shakin it like CRAZY!!!!! (:
I am an interior designer if you are open to working via the web
I can't wait time get my little dog... that's all I think about.
lol a skirt with a pink top
