I knew that watching an American Horror Story marathon before bed was a bad idea! 4hrs of sleep.
more people die off alcohol than drugsl..but they ban drugs,ok idk,not like drugs is a good idea.
33 more days
No kidding
looks awesome wish i was that brave. I will shave it off but coloring scares me. Took me 6 mths to talk myself n 2 hilites
we will be paying for his lung cancer too
s/o to for #mondaypromo this #bud is for u
WWF worked with Coke to bring awareness to the environment with the white cans & raised over $2 mil says
but do you have your coffee now too?
Whew! : nope, it was a fake. People RT'd it, but when I went to his actual timeline, it wasn't there. Had his avatar and everything.
Took care of that, now i'm gonna see the Avengers
Happy Birthday to the amazing Jaime<3 ;
Bang this last one
Hi! I will definitely check it out- hope you are doing well! Also check out the #dellsxsw feed this week.
So my grandma just got a call saying at school for the next two weeks the dogs will be there.
Ungooglable. Do you know name of NYC woman founder w/ company that finds event spaces?
The best should have his own perspective on writing codes.
": Huh so someone got a Double Eagle at the Masters, impressive but I got a Triple Eagle in Mario Golf once" hard to do lol
Another championship performance by Donald Driver!
Fixin to go to wally world had fun with and all my other girls and my boy friend last night!(:
May the 4th be with you! Going to see The Avengers again :-)
You don't have to know someone to care about them.
"Make It In America" is stuck on my head :{) that song is really cool!
TEAM UP.. GO UP
I have no idea, as to what you just said. And that's why it was epic. I had to RT it.
Took a look at the #STS11 program this morning. Looks like a bang-bang conference.
Final table, low stack
Be sure to follow along for SCOPE Basel in June and SCOPE Miami in December: using #SCOPEArtShow & tags
Goodnight all time to get some's
Saw SafeHouse last night with my baby Great movie
Didn't think that was a foul on Anderson, seemed like Teahan just slipped and fell
Thanks, Todd! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Call me a football nerd but only 168 days until the 2012 #NFL season! :D
well done. well done.
I wish I had known, I would have applied. Oh well, Madison is amazing!
Come and get one in the yarbles!!!... if you have any yarbles.
#truth RT that's also a lesson why you don't want one provider for all of your services.
congrats on win
": wants M Bachmann to use gaydar gun on her husband Marcus" Poor Marcus. He can't help that he looks like Chaz Bono Sr.
Speed cameras suck.
GM Boss Lady, how's it going?
Don't forget the lawyer said RT It's not he said, she said. It's he said, she said, she said, she said, she said.
just left the house to go to work. Colin going to "the office" is going to be weird for a while, but I'm excited for him!
Take money, to make money.
People who pressure people Into NOT doing something are just as bad as people who pressure them to do something. Make your own decisions.
is #awesome. That is all.
give it a try! if you what other options, I can share other apps that upload to #soundcloud. you know we love feedback :)
just saw Tebow in the stands gotta get his attention!
ZOMG OBAMA ENDORSED GAY MARRIAGE! My marriage will never be the same! ... Oh. Wait. Actually, it's *exactly* the same. Imagine that.
Don't try to force someone to stay in your life. If they want to go , let them go......
That is what I want to know!
It is a great day to start planning and setting goals for something you want to accomplish in your life. Ask for help if you need it!
what channel is that on comcast?
Setting up a new media program? Want to be a new media director? Come learn how in Room F with and
Mike Gospel -- Are you home or in Oxford? Kevin and I are coming to Oxford tomorrow for the Miami/Michigan State hockey game!
Focus on unrestricted endowments for unknown future needs
Tonite(Wed) 7PM! Bicyling 101 With Cory! Learn basic bike maintenance for FREE! Tomorrow(Thu) 6PM! Bike Ride & A Beer! See you@ Cory's!
One follower? Bahaha. I'm such a loser.
that's happened to me a couple times...it makes you feel like half a man not having the power of the kick.
LOL I live by the motto "To each his own" but he does need a facial hair/grooming makeover.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
So now Obama is telling me what I'm interested in and I shouldn't worry about him infringing on free press? GO TO HELL OBAMA. MF
Is it the screen ?
Sushi is amazing.
What is everybody doing today?
RT Was there really a clamor among the public for another "American Pie" movie?
Lesson learned!
Haha yeah. And Grizzly Adams had a beard. Grizzly Adams DID have a beard.
I don't wanna go bald, I just want grey hair...
haven't seen you for many moons. Hosting a beer and cheese class like you suggested. It's in Lodi if you're into it. Cheers!
The holiday spirit also means it's less likely I am to get someone on the phone or into a meeting. But, I will stay on it today. Tomorrow???
you are so sexy
Living, He loved me. Dying, He saved me. Buried, He carried my sins far away. Rising, He justified freely forever!
That's just friggen great.
That's my ppl right there! MT : Today at the #OccupyUnionSquare #reference desk: corrected a misuse of 'sadomasochist.
it's definitely up there.
. Congrats on finishing your undergraduate career !
was here :*
Waiting for the T storms to pass so I can fly to Los Angeles...
RT if you want to win a signed autograph !
Gonna make a a video for Angel tomorrow.. #RIPAngel <3
Utilize staff talent to offer specialty programming like using social media to find a job. (I do a program like this too.)
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
Show saturday in COLUMBUS, GEORGIA!! At the soho bar & grill. Wheres our GA fans at?
Dustin Penner for Bryzgalov. He just needs to lay his fatass in front of the net and boom...98 shutouts.
New Avatar. Awe Yeah....
really hope we never have lamb and ham at work in the same day ever again
Fuck it , its time to do what makes me happy !
What I learned: Sheed=awesome! Christian Sanders is underrated! Yates is a bit overrated and for WB to win LJ must take control.
#Troy Brown. Great time Bill, thanks!
Cris Carter not getting in the hall this time is a shame.
Hate the Heat
ya uh i have nothing to say to that besides..buffalo wings.
it is the south. Are you surprised.
Outstanding Student Organization Program of the Year -- DayGlow!
I was also affected by the "missing files" issue before your downtime. Any word on whether they're still safe?
Thanks for following my movement strictly for #Divas&Gents
"Serendipity" luck in making deseriable discoveries by accident
The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson the best I've read this year. A history book with suspense novel hooks.
It's just not the music that gets your band noticed. It's also the photos we make for your publicity.
It's getting crowded!
i Just Said No ?
What's that noise I hear outside? Is it windy or something?
The watcher.
I walked outside and a piece of ice hit me in the head....what the hail
i mean i went 18 years w/o make up soo im not gonna get my fake wrinkled all up
I really needa stop thinking about him</3
We apologize if you were unaware of this fee. We've had it for many years. Our tax rate is 14.92%
Looking for an #apartment in Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on Twitter to see more!!!
Success Is a strong weapon
RT : 911 #GeorgeZimmerman tape reminds me of WEB DuBois's question: How does it feel to be a problem?
"Sperm is cheap." -psych prof
#free Step up and be a sponsor the first ever free online store give the 99% a Christmas donate to free heal america store
The only winning move is not to play!
How much revenue would the buffet rule actually raise each year?
and , is in the bunk below me crying b/c he misses you girls. #comebacksoon!
on in 1 minute.
- damn nvm that's a no go lol
haha awww I feel special now
Thank you for the RT last Friday. Hope you had a good weekend!
Again, works like a charm, daily app across Mac, Linux, and Win!
next time I buy a ticket to africa it will be because I'm going!
To funny :)
On Nov. 6, 1860, Abraham Lincoln was elected President. By the time of his inauguration in March, seven states had seceded.
wouldn't tell That hurt lots ppl here
#MemoriesICanNeverForget when we shoved a whole cake on my brothers. I always had the best times with you... I miss you already
#HarryPotterChatUpLines Are you a dementor? Because you just took my breath away.
ok so i got these pants to day they fir me everywhere perfect but...there was a f*cking muffin top and the zipper wouldnt go up FML
Change of pace-what music do you WANT to hear in your workout today? For me: New Morrissey song "I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris"
"get us to the goal line," sez Rep Anzelc. How many football puns will be subjected to during the debate?
looks awesome guys! Real instruments in a studio ...love that!
Yellow Jacket wasps can turn the toughest acting man to a screaming, crying wimp in seconds!
Nothin like a 3-way #skype sesh with & to brighten my day.
My jam!
i feel like i don't belong anywhere. i don't fit in.
Congrats to my niece who graduates high school 2day! Hugs&kisses to Mom on her 76th bday! & Happy Anniversary to my brother & sisterinlaw!
silverstein's my absolute fave. followed by my chem. love christofer drew though.
my question now is, if nobody will even spend a pick on him, will they even let him come into camp? NFL is so gunshy w/r/t injuries
How will you celebrate American/Colorado Craft Beer Week next week?
The frontotemporal dementia clinic at CSUN is accepting new clients for the summer semester.
Tony Chase takes stage as only second African American to Chair GHP.
I Pot Classic - All American marijuana
My light-skinned cuz from NC is in Philly 2night...! Tix are still available at the box office!
Are you guys not doing the Ugly Sweater party at mulligans? I have to go harass He's in big trouble with me.
I'm jealous of your ability to tweet and sleep at the same time.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
What's the best way to remember what all I did last night? Things are fuzzy
Wait.... Are you in Grand Rapids?
That's about the sweetest thing anyone's ever said to us. Thanks! What's your preferred concoction?
yay! marathon on a rainy day awesome!:) <3
Amen! RT #PIMPtipoftheday: stop whining and do the work. No one owes you success. Earn it.
They ain't nun but night-moves hoes
Pfft. Love yourself & everyone else will too. Whatever you look like, OWN it. That makes you beautiful!
Cutler is already pouting. Let's go #bears!
sometimes the reason is just the weather and the reaction it elicits from the oil glands in the scalp
In the air, then down, Spine against the iced porch deck - Yanked by my leashed dog.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!!
time and place
In anchorage i will not sleep this early
I love you too boo.
Really. ": I honestly would cry if Jelena broke up."
Sunday or Saturday
I'm As Free As My Hair.
Does anyone even use Path?
Channing Tatum as a stripper. > > >
If I'm in love with someone is with my city... I LOVE you MILWAUKEE!!'n
I wish 42 really was the answer to the world, the universe, and everything.
Bitch stop fronting no bitch anit never Plunked me!
waiting to go to MD
French toast breakfast (linner? Lol). Where you at?!
So awesome Octavia Spencer won
Thanks!!!! Blessings!!!
In the liquor store playin church music sellin booze.
Sometimes I just like to sit outside my building and flip people off as they walk by. Well, not really but it's tempting.
next game you come back, please slam Mike Smith's head in the wall! I'll b happy to pay the $2500 fine & watch u play next game!
ughh mosquito bites suck;/
Love all the support! - ": #SHOUTOUT #FOLLOW these #DragonflyRockstars #AWESOMEFOLLOW"
“: I am so confused as to what day it is. :(” The day after and two days till gameday. That is all you should need.
that freestyle was Awesome (: lol FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Research and Markets: Emergency Care Management 2012
If a picture is worth 1000 Words, I think I'd rather stare at the movie poster for ten seconds than see the movie.
*" If i upset youu , don't stress. neva forget, God isn't finishedd wit me yet ."*
Is the Mat Kearney show sold out?!
Barnes moves Matisse mural The Barnes Foundation moved their largest painting, "The Dance" by Henry Matisse to it's new building on the P
UNI listening on repeat, thanks for introducing his music to me
hahaha the next challenge is to find the the challenge!
ahah i never said that.
LUCKY B*TCHES. RT : Asian fans will get to see his happy trail cuz without a doubt, junsu will come out nekkid in one song
nice one. Its pretty cold in Melbs today :(
what you do today ?
lmfao punk u would u guys got ready 4 jimenas bday already ?
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness in you - don't despise the process!
1317 lucky number? (:
glad to hear that. Keep on rocking Jeff!
"There's got to be something more than this in a life full of exits and entrances."
and what, I don't see you commenting on Alicia keys sleeping with a married man, and she knew it. You can get off Fantasia.
Oh no! That's your entire life in that suitcase!
reba again huh?
I wish I could sleep.
Good point.
Softball season right around the corner, lots of student/athlete's to follow this season. National Scouting Report, www.nsr-inc.com
sorry haha it's just that i hate the Flyers.... alot...
"Build better not bigger: Build to last, Build to inspire!" - Sarah Susanka
So exhausted. Definitely have BBQ sauce, frosting, and possibly snot on my clothes.
I don't get people.
On a rainy day am working on my music video and pre-production with my producer.... BLONDE KID ENTERTAINMENT BABY!
I swear bro stop talking that nigga #beinwatched smh
I just started last night on pc. How do you like it?
Tonite @ 9pm @ Andy's Jazz Club: Sunday Jazz Jam Session. $10 Admin, Musicians are Free, Vocalists welcome. 11 E Hubbard. Hope 2CU there.
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clark
Realizing the amount of discipline it makes to both work from home and work for yourself.
Heat play todayy!!
Just picked up wounded warrior project packet for Saturday. Excited!
bring this sandwich option to Arizona please......
so wtf am I gonna do for two hours
get it while it's hot. I am probs changing it soon.
Not able to drive, sadly. If you ever come to Portland, OR coffee is on me. Thanks for your insights & hard work in edu
Been watching Varitek play since I was 8 years old. An ideal role model.
#PinkGirls will be #PrettyInPink tomorrow at upfront! RT : No pink wig?
merry Xmas to you as well Ms. Alexi!
Im still here today. Hit me up
Hope our cast and crew are having an amazing few days off! Get your tkts NOW as we are filling up our last four shows FAST!
What a cool mom! The clown poster and "get away" car was too funny. So...what happened to you? I kid.
If anyone has Andrew Luck's cell phone number, please pass it along. Want to see if he's interested in buying our condo.
: yess.. yess they are.! Lolz =) & well why don't you.?
hey Pastor..Mz Coles concert...is it ticketed?..sorry for all the questions...
recommends young people don't censor themselves or neuter personality, but be smart about using social media
I agree, which one's seem interesting to you?
I think has the hashtag for the week. #ReadyForRevengeInChicago Couldn't agree more!!
Bryce Harper batting .355 6HR 20 RBI 4 SB, hell skip AA send this kid to Syracuse now and get him ready for a June call up to the Nationals
I reallllyyyyy want a southern belle t-shirt. Or like all of them!
Nice! is now following me. I'll either impress or annoy the living $h*t out of her.
I need to get out of this bustier top immediately. I feel my ribs about to crack.
#FF in whom I am well pleased. Beware the 13th snookums.
#idol -Colton rocked. Not quite his best but still strong.
Most women never even dream about being a size 4. The modeling industry needs to rethink the message they're sending.
i didnt get to meet anyone in today! #fml :(
what we have built
Closed SHORT $NZDUSD for +10 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76% SHORT
Yet LA only has 2 fouls in the 2nd half. RT : Some of the screens in this DEN-LAL game have been as hard as the checks in USA-CAN
sorry i left you on skype last night :(
All the limburgs, not sure which one the cheese comes from.
Watching NFL replay with
hm..President McRhobie did a press release today..positive impact on our #IUPUI students...wonder what it was. Didn't hear about it till now
Really thought Green Bay was going to pull out the win.
Vienna. Or Hawaii. Tough choice
hex yea
I don't know why.
Thanks for the heads up Jude. I updated that plug-in this morning, but I guess it wasn't fully bug tested.
Live life dont let it live u#its to $hort
make sure it's more than one tat, and that the piercing is not in your earlobe
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
What’s on your pizza today?
Work then mall then work then tonight(;
If i die tomorrow, i just want to let u know that i love u... haha jk i hate you(;
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
mine gets thicker and longer fast..its annoying.
Hard to believe these awesome shots coming out of a 2 megapixel camera! First site is [
If you heard something far off in the distance, don't worry. That was just me getting shit DONE.
:) I live to serve!
until you understand the premise illegal, all your talking points are total rhetoric!!!
Just saw a video of the honey badger. Damn, he is fearless!!! I want to be that way. Ok, maybe not as violent, but fearless :)
He looks hurt
Miley cyrus blasting, what a good morning! (:
Oh I'm sorry, I think you misunderstood, irrelevant bitch. Your tweets are fucking stupid. Kaythanksbye
thanks for joinin gus! !
Awesome! You are going to rock it!
A little late to the game, but Avatar - wow.
": Knowing isn't the problem! NOT knowing is what fucks ya head up!"
Time to hide my face for the masquerade party tonight!!
Now my twitter wanna work
They say I look like mama I say I look like my money
Ha! Happy early birthday! And no promises. ;)
Please tell me I'm hallucinating and that I didn't just see a commercial for BreathGemz with Larry King on MSNBC.
This production more psychological than sociological=framed more as WIlly's individual problems, not those of society 2/2
K, 4 those that watch Chopped-All-Stars. I want to eat that bitch Penny alive! :) Just sayin'! :)
nice placement with the techstars wristband :)
And I'm talking up my team for smack and it's 1:30 and I'm maybe not on top of my game right now and thought you were serious-er
OH: Are you, like, drink appropriate?
!!!M.A.J.M!Modern art jewelry movement ://www.etsy.com/listing/90950881/geometric-triangle-earrings-with-orange?nc=1 Geometry a must!!!!
RT I should of know shoulda known that she was crazy than a MF crazy crazy crazy
The Container Store is a really brilliant idea.
Alera Ravino Big & Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Compared To My Love Eric That I See EVERYDAY And Been Knowing For Some Years Dude Come On Now Dumb Ass Nigga THINK!
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life John 10:10 a
Miss you Dad and Grandpa Schimming
Hello there! I hope you're doing well!
Environment/Character/Asset/FX Artist wanted for a number of A developers in europe - contact .uk
Have to wake up early for school tomorrow-.- .... SIKE! Whole week off. Doral Academy , I LOVE YOU.
ruby red grapefruit for a late morning snack is definitely hitting the spot
add 8 glasses of water and you're set to go. :)
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Bruce Banner to me = unf
maybe we should have a big meeting w/ a lot of people and discuss how we'll all answer that question in, say, 10 years from now?
you know it ;D
Never take life for granted.
OK time for Culinary Fight Night! Can't wait to try all the food, especiall looking forward to that ; )
DELETED!!!!! #HammIsGoodOnEverything err I mean
« Morning World! Blessed to see another day and takin full advantage of it #TimeToWork»
Listened to Fula oral history with the iconic instrument, 'Hondu'. Still immersed in my childhood days listening to that for hours.
I didn't because I don't rip on other fans after a win.
Ok for the people who have listened to our podcast, we are trying to find a name: Rubber City Wasteland Comedy Cast or NEO Comedy Cast?
I am wise because.........I have been foolish!
is a hottie with a body, cutie with a booty bahahahahah thats catchy
wea ya at lord im in hillside
is this a reference to self-tanning lotion? Or hair color? Moving to new school-no more red 'n white?
9 more followers till i hit 1700
i fucks with future everyday
Is he better than Brooks Conrad?
ur gas tank on E
hmm... should i change my background? :|
The Devil will not and can not defeat me~BAMM.
I totally understand. Plus she's hard to Google.
Thanks Cindy!
Hey, don't hate, this is a gift from the Gods!
hey don't forget me lol I was standing with you out in line last week :)
I consider them a friend lol
#AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?.
thank you! TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
fasho I'll text you tomorrow so you better answer
god looks on playing chasing the sun!!! loveloveloveeee
I can write songs for you. I'm pretty passionate about lyrics, like a storyteller, while keeping a tune in mind.
Mother's Day. Lots of shopping. Weird, I'm not planning on dragging my wife to the golf course on Father's Day.
A3: Duh, its mobile
Economic freedom is essential to achieving political freedom,
man u know how u try not to laugh at anybody cuz its not nice but today i see this girl at the store wit a big ass head
A vote for oasis
First black snake of the year. Spring is here!
Wishing all of my friends a joyful mother's day! Big hugs! Tell me your Mother's Days plans.
Down Right Modeling Agency coming soon!!!!!!!!!
Everyone! It's February 29! That means you should follow
Yeah!! I see you following me now Momma II... Love and miss you
last chance to advance to the Cup QF. Need to beat #Argentina by at leaat 13 points to do so.
I know. I thought that was pretty rude. I'm not full Mexican like I don't have straight hair lol
here ya go, make it happen.
“: People who song answer their phone or text messages but get pissed when other people do it to them! <<<<”
Ive always wanted to run away, not because I'm unhappy with my life, but for the thrill of the adventure
Francesa's comments about Twitter earlier was so big he has his own discover story on twitter lol
Hey guys! Just to let you know, Hardcore News SEASON 2 will begin SOON!
Buenas Noches a todos :) or Good night to everybody :) 2 marrow going to be a long ass day
finding the right place is my job contact me for all your real estate needs
someone is feeling confident
You know you made it big on twitter when you get chirped by , if I'm lucky maybe he'll make fun of my hairline or something
Anyone else think Deshaun Thomas looks like Marcus Landry?
If you should ever find someone new, I know he better be good to you.
is there any conversation between #osf and archdiocese to see if #osf can help make it shelter/community center? Seriously...
Can't believe KU pulled out another win!! They are just making things happen when they count. Now to the Big game on Monday, Go Jayhawks!!
Thanks! Trying to spruce up my syllabus with some newer/more interesting content.
Not sure. But, hey, no worse than lip-synching, right? Maybe a little worse.
we need you in chicago!!
I hate being single during Christmas time:(
78% OF NFL players go broke in 2 years and 60% of NBA players go broke in 5 years after they retire-SO WHY DO YOU FOLLOW THEM. OWN A FIRM!
Resisting the temptation to not buy anything - Burbank.
Just saw your interview on Craig.. From one Jew to another (did not know that) wishing you a belated Happy Hanukkah!!!
Right?! Blehhh. One giant eyeroll all day.
Yes! is excited to meet my favorite couple!
My goal for the end of the year is to have one of the boys, Ed sheeran and at least Nathan from The Wanted following me.
I'm so incredibly excited for 's DC book signing on Saturday!
that only seemed 2 suggest/signal HOPE! the movie was basically a horror movie but w/out any killing so yeah that was the reason
Congrats RT Excited to see "From Records to Data with Viewshare: An Argument, An Interface, A Design" in ASIST
Adding to ppl to follow
Whatever it is , that you do when you do what you're doing ...
where are we smokig at :)?
I am so addicted to
your not alone :/
hell she had dumb hands bro pmao
Patience with others is love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith!
Definitely possible, though it's one of those annoying things that spending any time on is a waste (thus my willingness to pay)!
The art of face-to-face conversation is becoming a lost one, unfortunately.
Hear hear ": Thanks to for organising the wine tasting last night. Great venue, wines and company."
thanks for the RT!
that shit gonna fly
Do you do web forms? needs one built and I can't remember if that fit within your area of expertise.
Holy Cowzers Morgan in LF, Brauny in RF & Sunglasses Corey at 1b, as you're surely being informed over micropublishing. Fairly odd.
I just spilled my fancy coffee all over me and my dress while plugging in the laptop. Happy #mhblogday?
I hope not Lena :) I have nothing against you.
#DontDoubleMyRate so i know it's real
You know me too well. And I could never be crude, disrespectful...or other things...to you - or others.
everyone was awesome at blue moon tonight, but the astronomers were plain AMAZING
A wizard is never late. He arrives precisely when he means to.
i had one for ya
Charging my phone in class , Lmao tell me why everyone call me ghetto tho . xD
Carlos Beltran traded... see ya.
after 2nd period ! I better see you !
How to prepare Bordeaux mixture
I just bought 's book; looking forward to reading it!
That pic oddly doesn't include burning cars and looted store fronts RT : <------------
Thanks will you be attending the event?
I am so excited to finally watch the final 3 episodes of tonight! Bring on the walkers!
Maybe you're not pretty but you are beautiful. Love Ya !
MIT Acceptance Decisions just went live ... Time to find out if you made in or not.
“The dreamers are the saviors of the world.” #James Allen
It's National Women's History Month! Nora Stanton was the first woman to get a civil eng. degree from Cornell AND to join the ASCE.
Initial run-through of the iOS app is smooth! The UX is very well considered.
I don't realize my Tv be loud til I get ready to go to sleep
I know about the word CRAP, butt, what about the word shit?
#Quote of the Day: How are you going to argue with #freedom???
Haha good points. At least they didn't bring him back as a hologram. Yet.
aww she is so cute I.love her :-)
RT The alternative is to do what the reality is not capable of doing. Always my goal Thank You!
CDC Task Force: Transferring juveniles to the adult system is counterproductive for preventing & reducing violence
These guys are boring. I miss blood libel day.
Did you read this article? Think it's bs and ignores the externalities that have laid the groundwork for innovation
Why do you believe no one works as hard as you do? Why do you assume their job is easier? Why do you assume they have more free time?
The new UFC game has JUST won THE SLOWEST loading time game OF THE YEAR. </3
Ha! I bet they did. No gossip/news is better than those in newsrooms!
Didn't get any of my homework done... Oh well
It's the most wonderful time of the year, more or less.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. ~Irish Proverb
God will never leave me or forsake me.
I was just looking through pictures my mom just printed, and theRES A ONE DIRECTION PICTURE FROM THE CONCERT
Ready to twerk
hey Trev follow me at my new account
Yipit email starts with "Look Good Naked." Got my attention, but won't get my business.
Second period had even more scoring than the first! Breck now leads Red Wing 8-4.
congradulations to YUNG TARD the newest member of the dogs,he got that heat for yall they call nim bby slick rick
And so Spring Break begins, and I have nothing to do.
I keep falling asleep
We are so thankful and lucky to have amazing and talented colleagues. We just got five new helpers from the school!
Next she'll be issuing a disappointment press release like the black pastors...smh
some sick blocks in this #ucla - #florida game
Falk about to address crowd at Edgewater, husband introducing her now.
sup ma'am it's been a longtime... how are yoou doing???
#thingstoneverdoagain : yoga on the beach
where are you?
m... chocolate.
Steve Carr talks Oh No!
well, cause you made me mad, but f you too then.
Did you like die or something??
hi! what is this?
but actually no it's not
You say your giving God glory, but when you stop and think about it, are u really?
I love my Blazers but I'm pretty sad tonight =(
The Denver airport always makes me think of summer camp up here. What's so wrong about a little bit of Camp Chief Ouray reminiscing..
Smells like pot in here
Holy...we kicked all the Kind and have to bring more in. Time to Skunk it up today Superball!!!
Happy to ... thanks for following and have a great weekend!
do you have anything that is Live? Everything I saw was under construction.
Pretty cool idea. Keep it up!
ONLY 1 MONTH FROM TODAY!!!
this girl got herself some strawberries and cool whip :)
What a beautiful weekend! Hope everyone is having a blast at King Island! Keep tagging us in your pics--we LOVE seeing them!
fixing a feast...nothing like homemade pesto, crisp greens, sun-ripened tomatoes, fresh mozzarella...peace!
Making more friends in the bathroom line than anywhere else.
Choose to see the best in others; don't allow yourself to focus on the differences & disagreements. Choose to luv no matter how different.
High schools shouldn't have school zones. If you can't cross the street by the time you're in HS you deserve to get hit.
O, exciting! Good luck w/new idea!
smile, it suits you:)
np I follow all :)
if I was graduating today.. I'd probably cry.
Mine too...but im going with Shields on this one too. Im with u on this one 2 buddy.
Head up, stay strong, fake smile, move on ♥
Booked a wedding in October...can't wait for this fabulous event with these beauties!
Good stuff , love the carts.
Yeah I always request things but they take too long to get in stock at freshdirect you need to carry more GF foods
I...do not know
Loving it - Jermey goes you are a Virgin I go I don't have Virgin Mobile I got sprint
what did they teach about?
Got into an argument with my mama, pretty much everything is making me mad
We have locations in Moreno Valley, Riverside, Fontana, Beaumont, and the High Desert communities.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
Is anybody familiar with The Art of Engaging Holy Scripture?
The Sun is coming out and there are plenty of vintage bargains to be found. See you there?
#SomeWhereOutThere is a girl with a sneeze that sounds like a Toyota Prius' when you lock the doors.
More than 1/2 way through day 2 of filming ! Going really well
I will ask my DM. They haven't scheduled me for May yet.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses ...you were really adopted
-- what is the deal for the John Corabi show on 8/7/11? No info on site, FB or here. Need times/price, please?
No me digas que no
Child Bite tonight @ Now That's Class in Cleveland, OH. With DEAD RIDER
Nice work! Keep me posted on your new releases!
Singing stone has the coolest jewelry, leather wallets & ceramic left & right handed mugs! All fine art is made by hand locally.
Got a budget for the lawyer tho...
How to explain this obsession with logic? Must have been a Vulcan in a previous life.
What are your thoughts on this Trayvon Martin story?
NO WAY! When are we having a bake off to make some of our own?!? cc
Uh why did I wait till now to wash clothes!
Love it! Laughter is good for the soul. (:
Does anyone have B&B recommendations for Lancaster County, PA? Preferably close to bike trails...
That is what we need!
Nothing can drain me more than reading old melodramatic journals from college. If only I'd understood men just a little better back then.
Go to & have awesome grilled cheese!
Channel 101 screening tomorrow night at the downtown independent theater. Our webseries made it in so come check it out!
preciate it homie.. Thank you & ya I can only stay positive
Need suggestions for a good book to read!!
Join CCWA/ Richmond GATE at The Greater Richmond Small Business Expo and Matchmaker Event from 8:30am- 1:30pm TODAY!
and a tired girl I am but every minute was worth it and thank you for mAking it fabulous. Happy birthday.
would I do that?!
entertain me... no pictures? Has hollywood dried up of all the wierdos?
but hes from miami....
I get way too much enjoyment out of emoji
I would complain about having class today and wanting to be on break still but its just too nice out to be anything but happy!
": Not talking to you kills me."
Touch down in the dirty D. Can't wait to be in my bed.
Diamond passed on the new Henry & Glenn book because it wasn't a standard comic book size. Order from Last Gasp or Shenton
Thank you Sooners for having a worse night than I am right now.
oh well happy almost birthday then lol :)
thanks Ernie. It sucks!
RT : If I dont know your superpower, then I dont know how you can help me (or I can help you). Seth G.
Guys, you do realize "Rack City" is a pretty tawdry expression of capitalist values, rt?
“People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.” ― Bob Dylan
This past year we have all had our share of ups and downs, but we are thankful to have a God who has never left our side.
Woke up to speaking on real shit about these females. I'm telling yall these hoes be out to get yah.
hahah yes n its good cause I answer with honesty hah
CUTE! Black and yellow tips?
This is bullshit..
Drives me nuts! Headphones = fuck off! RT : Since when does headphones on while laughing = Talk to me? F**k Outta here
congrats on the move and ok
Im torn between her and Kim
And we've gotta say BohlsenPR has been/is amazing for us. Get it.
That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and think theres another step and you hulk stomp the ground.
You're so beautiful :)
If its Denver or Oakland to the playoffs, its a first round elimination.
Tell a friend, tell a friend, tell a friend... www.voyeurhythm.com
If #tablet research suggests most people use alone, how do you feel it will affect dating habits?
word me neither
*female dog
hey, that's my alma mater you are talking about! Tho back then they changed the L to B.
too early for the sand box. Can you come out and play with me later?
Return to the Lord..for he will abundantly pardon -Isaiah 55:7
I love this so much. I always do this when I hear the song
Didnt get that PHONE CALL but did get a TEXT O_o....yea that's the same....
Excited to have and World Learning kick off our pre-meeting activities!
Wouldn't it be nice if people put out Christmas lights in summer so we wouldn't have to FREEZE OUR ASSES OFF looking at them?
Headed to the PGA show tomorrow. Always learning more.
Jordan is just so tiny. He's so perfect.
Joe Johnson comes through and #Hawks finally overcome the Jazz in the 4th overtime. Wow.
Sucks how I'm missing I missed -__-
RT: Tuesday! presents Dynamic Mayhem w/Collective Chaos get pumped!
Landon: i might kiss u Jamie: i might be bad at it Landon: thats not possible jamie.. I love u.. Jamie: i told u not to fall in love with me
I know this doesn't sound right but my phone has some strong vibrations.
do you curl your eyelashes? >;D
thanks! How do you like our app!
Getting pumped! Less than 24hrs to play ball
ha ha! Baby... If you were with us, you could have it morning, noon, and night! ;-)
yeah life is boring did u study? Did u watch re-vyrt
": The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with 'Hail Satan!'" Or does it......
Did you know that police officers have been riding H-D motorcycles since 1908? Detroit and Pittsburgh units were the first.
#imagen Sean: "Eenie Meenie Miny mo Justin Bieber is hot from head to toe " Justin:" What?!?!" Sean: what , [Your Name] changed the lyrics .
Hanging out on Madison Ave, where's Don Draper? I was promised Don Draper!
I swear my sister is a fuckin Nazi...
Love this: “When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.” Confucious
Putting some final touches on my interview piece w. the amaze Christie Brinkley. Can't wait to see her in CHICAGO w. !
Sometimes I wish I could hide away looking for a place to getaway Getaway from all the heart ache & pain life can bring...
Not sure how to take your business to the cloud? Let us take the reins! We find the best solution for your salon and we train in person!
You know your school sucks when a senior in your class doesn't know what the word aggravate means :P
NOLA has many veggie options. I was there for ARSC 2010
InTheStudio w/Robert van het Hof- going deep with the essential #Revit tools.
Fuck These Rat Ass, Stank Booty Ass, Scandalous Ass, Lying Ass Hoes ! Lml
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
You know what everyone is taking about today? Soccer. Well done Premier League. See you again in the fall.
846 more words... don't think that I am going to make it. #NanoWriMo just got started and I am already stuck. FML
follow me plz
The EP is amazing. I'll be playing it all summer for sure. Nice work boys :)
Just hating certain people right now... If only my hero could help make me feel better. </3
I doubt Oprah jokes will ever wear thin
i love you
RT!!!!!!! : FUN needs to come play in Indy. I fuckin love them.
Me too!!! Though I also picked Jose b/c I figured he would hit against the METS, and guess who was right!?!?
A tweet straight from the heart is better anyway. :)
follower number 22 :D
can't stop crying wat why why why
where is my princess? i need to find her. my juliet? somebody help me
NKOTBSB WAS THE BEST CONCERT EVER!! <3333
Awesome! They do make a perfect afternoon snack to fill you up, satisfy cravings and keep from having that afternoon slump!
what are 17's?
On DofE in gale force winds!!!! D:
Great day of VBS today!! I love all the kids in my group! JesusRocks!!
Listening to you and Mandisa right now! Love you Jaci! You truly are like a girls best friend! <3
Same here. Just adds to the heart attack factor.
alright man well I'm in la
we are Wise, Relevant, We are Worshipers, & We have a WORD (revelatory understanding)!!! We Are Issachar!
Lost Weekend starts tonight! 8-late. Tickets still on sale for $10 if you enter "getlost"! Lostweekend.eventbrite.com
thanks lady! I appreciate your kind words!
Re: your question this a.m. about backup methods: all of the above.
Juxtaposition = place or deal with close together for contrasting effect : black-and-white
Though my heart breaks, He always puts it back together again.
are you not going to practice??
Merde, merde merde tonight with those orange leotards! It'll be amazing.
: Thank you!
Circ = public services; ILL = Collection services; traditional set-up
i do know bout that i lost my grandma on the 12 and the next montb on the 7 i loss my som
Alright I will go do that now
awesome - thanks guys!
Under hacker attack!
nice work! that ain't easy.
I wear tie dye shirts and rep OF to the fullest
I guess im supposed to actually care lol
"Death is a muss but mi nuh waa dead mi waa live forever"
Getting ready for San Antonio and Goodwill's Council of Executives. Happy to be speaking on the topic: "Equation for Innovation"
: lolz yeah i know the feeling, you recover.
I hate myself for getting addicted to
I can't believe its been a year! RT : RT : Congrats to all May 2011 graduates!
Come on ladies!!! U got this! ;) and you know I'm here to help! :)
It is beautiful out!!!
yeap sure is ;)
posts great tips that jive right along with tips! Great help from a
Thank you!:)
A $500k fine from to ? Remember Mayhem Nation: Always respect your refs.
Today is too much already. Too much pressure :(
All PR is good-if only bc many of us are contrary and have to experience things for ourselves, you know? I know I'm that way.
: got milk?
Definitely agree.
We disagree - but hey there's room for that! ;)
When Google alone doesn't cut it: help us tackle tough sync scenarios - Ars Technica
thanks. I just sent an email.
RT : Don't miss the Brisk Bodega 3/12 from 5:30 to 12am at Molotov. Cool Star Wars art and musical performance by Just Blaze!
Thanks 4 following us. subscribed to your newsletter. Check us out for family friendly unique kid exerciser.
killing it on some REM. nice mini guitar!!!!1
When climbs on you, and you start to wrestle...
15 hours damn Sean where you headed the Philippines...
There are no short cuts to any place worth going. Beverly Sills
You must be much farther North than me. Not sure where Liberty, NY is. I am just 1 hr. north of Albany where I am.
Had a great time listening to talk about growing up as a half-polish half-indian child. Mixed-races unite!
Justified margins?! Really? Why????????
good restaurants, best parks/attractions, coffee, when the farmer's market and other festivals are
THEY IGNORE YOU LOL...
good mornning...can yhu plz follow my friend she LOVES you, nd maybe follow me?
#youneedtositdown If you don't spay and neuter your pets!
I love dining at Raisins in Incredible service, terrific food.
Community Meal will be served at Lee Park (Occupy Charlottesville) next to the downtown library at 6:30.
Is it bad that the Frosted Mini-Wheats commercials where they say "My only goal is to keep her full with my fiber!" makes me think dirty?
#IWishYouKnew what I was REALLY thinking about ;)
ooh nice!! I'll look into it cause I can't take my eyebrows anymore!! Lol
“ The measure of progress of civilization is the progress of the people. ” — George Bancroft
Wow thats a nice fancy framework!
Hey man can you follow me?? CD is great by the way!
I was crushed after that loss to But I'm back! How are you gorgeous? ;)
Damn, I got home at 12:40 & knocked out & now it's "3 o'clock" :o
is a consumer platform? Not our target audience? Great pic!
The show is starting! Cooking Corner Stage at Nashville Convention Center, Chef Chris' French Cooking With TN Flavor! Come check it out! :)
keeping my faith in God
#WRESTLEMANIA28 nobody cares what u say
lol defiantly not Uriel ugh we fell out ;( I loved him
who is up right now?!
#Miami = highest poverty rate 4 a city of its size in the U.S, with nearly 1/3rd of the population in poverty: help #WomenBuild #Miami!
Thankyou to all my new followers
wow its like you are reading my mind. I have the same problem.
Um I'm going to jump in & say... FINISH THE BOOKS!!
I like that twitter feeds my natural tendency to read from bottom to top
If Texas win this innig will be the turning point.
no I'd honestly attack that bitch right now.
omg!!! I'm watching ur "Novation" Fringe episode now! *squeal!*** it's such an awesome show! I bet the crew is nice 2! :D
Fast-food #1 thing America has truly perfected :D nom nom
yeah, that was terrible. For an earlier challenge, maybe, but not at that stage of the game
People that can't keep your name out there mouth <<<
“: PokerCast Ep217 Irish Open Special w/ Parkinson is now online! strong work bunner. I had the over 3 days
Remarkable beauty, fascinating tales - New Straits Times
Thanks! It's also on Spotify. Does that work for you over there? Also how far is the Laneways festival from you?
Hey girlie how are you miss you hope all is well
yaay okay and omg i'm going to do the coolest TSS fan art rn omg i have it all planned out fnsdkjnfsk
Working on not being such a cunt.
that's a great thing...it means work.
The hardest non secular mixtape i ever heard
We maintain our info and keep u interested in what we would read ourselves. If you have comments about the things we post please reply. PLUR
“: "I love being alone"...she lies. ” WHO REMEMBERS THE OLLLDD RECORD
Be sure to follow our two newest members and
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet Lets make it a trend come on Whoever loves them will help
"We can't learn if they can't teach." one of the chants by students protesting at Mission Bay High School.
been on vacation... glad to be back
#np Sweet Savannah Sue with Fats Waller..remember when they rehearsed this at the Hudson Theater in '29...
95% of people who play GOLPH love the game, and 77% of statistics are made up. Order your GOLPH cards today! :)
my team is a U9 team. It's all good. Sorry you had a rough weekend like my team did.
im still trying for you
Oh how I love the beach!
planning a trip next week , want me to grab anything for you?
"Look for fundamental market change and technology advantage" - Richard Schwartz
If I've learned one thing in my few times at #CUNY J-School it's that their students get a lot of free lunches thanks to conferences here.
Andy Six is fucking sexy! ;D
Wow, great game.
"Digital wave" love that!
If you take the oath be who you said you wld be
Anything from be great Lol RT : , thx for being my 100th follower! I should send you some chocolates
no way. The 'foot in mouth' aspect of twitter makes celebs human again.
everyday is my birthday!! no, it's not though, where did you get that?
i hear skillet is in bothell today.
GO FOLLOW: PLEASE
You just made me laugh out loud. Literally.
We at Minnesota Glory Days want to thank all of you for your support as we launched a new t-shirt company. Have a Merry Christmas!
Steelers or Packers??
Today is gonna be a great day! :D
on the party we had last week the activities and the food and the music was good there was people who made shirts for teen bloc
…and Instagram's been a great place too - little easier to spark a conversation w a photo :)
my first chapter has 28 reads :D
I've seen it at and in Tosa.
I would stick to a more well-known theme company like WooThemes, StudioPress, iThemes, or ElegantThemes. Better coding standard
#SaySomethin has been on replay for about 2 hours so far, well plus yesterday so i listened to it about 123937492 times.
I enjoy listening to songs by Lenny Kravitz. Embarrassing?.... Maybe so.
I hope nothing scary happens. If I perish, someone please log on to my Twitter and post something Jack Handey-ish as my last words.
Looked up translated editions of Girondo on Amazon, only found one: a $999.98 (+ $3.99 shipping) copy of SCARECROW & OTHER ANOMALIES.
I love me some foo fighters
Always so great to see you girls! ALWAYS :)
I haven't had a hot cheeto in over two months. i am so happy to have them again<3
Where dreams come true!
@ AAlcondez >>> ~ Same here... Kind Regards from CALIFORNIA, USA ~
Why are you bothering to see the american version? No need for it to even exist.
Amen to that!
Winter! Go away!
you mean the title of the article?
Frank Ocean is freaking awesome!! Gotta #lovethatnigguh!! :))<3
Swingfest July 7-10, 2011, begins @ SOBE Louis Club with Circ X performance, White Party, El Carnival of Masks Party & a FUN Afterparty
My first tweet. Looking for suggestions who to follow.
sweet, imma big No Doubt fan!
When you open up your camera & it opens on your front camera, you see just how terrible you look at that moment...
cannot wait for the row's cashmere toms this fall!
getting that> it's gonna be a long game feeling!
Nothing like fury to wake one up in the morning.
I'm that man on the moon
Awe, tanks!
Mayor Bloomberg: Goal of NYC is to show a model for #Veterans for national adoption.
yeah my friend just did the same 2 days ago... you never think they would actually do it.. doesn't seem real right now
“: In England a pregnant woman can legally relieve herself anywhere she wants, even, even in a policeman’s helmet.”// LMAO!
watching first 48 .
R.I.P 12 time Pro Bowler JUNIOR SEAU.. Gunshot wound to the chest.
I KNOW! Watching it on tv won't be the same. Nothing really and my mother already renewed the tickets. Glad for that
no worries. We still kicked ass and didn't give a shit.
I'll enjoy following your self-publishing adventure. I'm curious to know more about the process that led to that decision.
RT happy birthday to you !--thanks hunnie!!
RT Ima rep Oakland Ca 4ever! I love my city!!! <--you better!
Waking up at the crack of crack. Wining!!!
I hope this weekend turns out two be a qudd one.! Because every weekend somethinq happens.!
In order to EAT your cake, you have to HAVE it- right??
idk when im going to watch it. Bt i hope soon.
Yes, Kate! :-) Off to the Castle. Have a great day y'all!
shit she tellin all her facebook friends guess who here": The lady behind the desk is typing fast shit and she keeps peeking
will you duet with our band?
Their uniforms today are not cute...
I'm going fishing this weekend!! I love it!
Final Four is this weekend and we can't wait!
I believe you I'm just a nervous Nancy
I know right!? Love the Food network
thanks man! :D
what conference?
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity.
S/O to my new follower
.. He told me her name and asked I hold it a secret. I nodded again and see even now on this forum of millions I am not telling. brave men .
Please contact me with any questions at
Chill RT Z fuck the eagles
Space cakes:B
Hustle 7Days/Week! YE God Thank u for the days I couldn't c the light & u showed me!
3 web series in pipeline: sketch comedy (in post on 1st skit), an Interview Series about Hollywood success/failure & cooking. More soon...
I also want to get the limited edition Ben-Hur soundtrack on that website. Man, payday (next Friday) can't come soon enough.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. — Sydney J. Harris
There goes that Brooklyn love ...😉 “: yea! We mobbin!”
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart. Sato moved from 5th to 3rd! "RED MISSED" needs to get Power and Hunter-Reay on the next r ...
nope not yet still can't find nothing
Thanks for the retweet!
im excited , (:
The nice weather version of me apparently loves green juice.
Charmed by and her accent - wonder what she thinks of my MN drawl?
"Out Of The Shadows", my new cd was released today digitally. Itunes, Amazon, Spotify, myspace music, zune, Rhapsody and many more. Grab one
Men: Want to bless your family today? Start off by taking them to church!
shut up & finish yo test
Really, NPR reporter? Are you a "transient soul" or basically just a guy who likes to travel
RT Just saw District 9 - GREAT. Even greater --met a follower - Mike- (first time) working at the theater -- Hi man!
I just saw a homeless guy on the subway playing games on his cell & I can't wonder why is he on a better plan?
Itchy skin
Thanks so much for your support!
Looking forward to a great week!
You dont get a second chance at a first impression .
Love when I nail the wine pairing.
Who Says The Good Die Young?
A child at BWW just threw a fry at
Heading over to debate
haha! I went to UNC... and I think you're on liberating working moms. Cool!
Responded to FIRE @ 52 Brookbound Lane, Claverack, NY 12513. Red Cross auto update.
I tweet alot!
I'm thinking a sick day is in my future this week. Along with some sun and a cocktail. I just spent 17 of the last 24 hours driving.
i've realized all my tweets lately have been me been complaining. sorry people, i don't mean to be a whiny little bitch. i promise to stop.
Being cordial and being cool are 2 different things. We aint cool!! Lol
ooh, i spy a crepe (my newest bff!)
doing research for the upcoming home investigation with #wcgaps..keep watching for updates!!!...lots to come!!!
if by despondent you mean "turning your cube into a game room/media cave", you are right.
Compromise leads to lasting relationships!
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” ― Audrey Hepburn
In every trial comes a lesson. Don't just run from it, learn from it.
Looking to loose #weight? Is what you are doing not working? Contact me today!
"And if you missed it: plouffe," - Hawk Harrelson // RT : "plouffe" would make an excellent explitive
I really dislike it when people show up only to point out mistakes.. That is not constructive at all..
“: Babies: The worst kind of STD.”
his voice was so deep :*
+a mirrin. But i know my luggage went to italy
Best town to relax in. Bar none.
nahh i saw it on my timeline & RUDE
why do you have retweets disabled?
Kid Ink "Neva Gave a Fuck" and probably never will and shows that in the video to his cut featured on XXL 's 2012's Fres
M&N are trending worldwide<3 (:
More kids living in poverty today than ever before. Old ways not doing the job. Need to attack problem differently! What are your thoughts?
Residence Renovation update: 11/5 – University of Virginia!!!
im good,in memphis for a few days,and you?
And now is when I start my two test grade essay.. Fuck
Yes, I can get you in touch with Colette. She runs the show, with Joey Paul.
I hope all of y'all are as stoked for our new CD as we are!!!
You're going to make a great mother! APRIL FOOL'S!!
Lazy rule: Texting someone in the house to bring u something
What happen to the 6 pm News, Two and a Half Men?
I saw "chocolate dinner" in my inbox and had to comment. :)
Strike-em-out-throw-em-out! We're in extras.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
haha word to
#ReasonsToSayAmen you escaped from the police
Good morning
Awesome! Looking forward to hearing them. :)
*cough* RT At least that injury comes at a position of great strength and depth for The
School ended today and starts again tomorrow... Arg. But at least I get a vaycay from work next week! Woohoo
As soon as I turned my bracket in, Fab Melo is ruled ineligible!
What u said!! RT : Sometime I wish their was two of me
JBJVGomez um how old r u
If I'm giving you one word answers I obviously don't want to talk to you. Dumb fuck.
*puts referee shirt on*
RT : RT : Think you can make a good taco? Sign up to compete in this years presented by...
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in! goo.gl/z9j3T
What foods do you miss & wish you could buy on the streets of Denver?
The angel of the LORD encamps around those who fear him, and he delivers them. Psalm 34:7
is there a groundling show in your future?
#NYR starting it off right!!! Good job putting the puck on net so far.... Hank > your goalie.... #LGR !!!!
Never been more irritated in my life...I mean 20 sources...what the hell! I've only got 5 -sigh- and I have to study for another test
Marky Ramone and his band will play Ramones songs at the party on Friday, October 7th. Free for fest registrants (passholders).
Oscar Wilde maybe?
Aint been on in a while. How are you guys doing tonight?
thnx ! we got it fixed
You get Kill Bill 2 points for the elbow bit!
Also, old school approval processes create a shutdown in the information pipeline. Must extend trust with SM.
Really?! That's awesome! I would bet there are a lot of us. What did you do as a VISTA?
I hate it when people lie, especially when you know the truth about what they are lying about! -- Jin Tropia ☮❤▲ ()
i wish i had man right about now ! i feel like ridin & take over control ! :x .
ya im down :)
M.E. is about to crack the top 100 national on ReverbNation on the blues chart. help us get there. Tell a few friends to check us out.
Maroon 5's latest song is about pay phones. At this rate, I'mma assume the album will be called "The Yellow Pages & Other Outdated Things"
i just tentatively planned my next month...they say life is what we make it, and mine is a whirlwind of adventure right now!
black ops
bobby+valentine
I think I need to call maury..
watching the game at Fire on Water tonight. Bring a glove
WARNING: The last track on my set might make you cry. Just saying ^_^
that's okay but people take pics and then post it on tumblr and it gets like 1,000 notes. They look cool to some people o.o
Awesome, i'm in! I'm in search of a leading man, namely URIV:-)
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I got change back from my Derby bet in the form of a voucher so I can cash a ticket no matter what happens
I've been in the hospital for hours!!!
So trashed last night I told this girl I like to do it in the dark with the light In my face lmfao
no it's not. you didn't deserve that shit. and furthermore, neither did dylan. sigh. yeah. apologies. //:
Cumming in less than 30 mins of intercourse is UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!! --> I like your style.
And time for the nails. No...!
hm not good
Five Best Weather Websites
GivingThanks: Family, work, friends, health. Hope for world peace, no whiners, more integrity, return of kindness/courtesy. Read more books.
so are the sixers. coin flip.
Was curious bout my local Tarot reader. Learned much: never pay up front & if she fobs you off on her "talented" 12 y/o, run.
Thank you for helping me with my #sxsw withdrawals. ;) Loving the #analytics visitor analyses.
Fights with my mom.
's b-day is 2morrow and then mine is the 5th!! I'm going to be 16 :D
love to have you let me know I'll set up the reso love to change a person mind about food
the woman being interviewed on ABC is talking about how she watches Fox News. It's an awkward interview.
Sorry ass Lakers
that is better :)
A trusted name for 30 years, is backed by a world-class team of food technologists, dietitians, & scientists
Famous Blue Raincoat stuck in my head, kitten asleep on my arm.
what did you think of eastbound and down last week i was cryingg!
When u make accusations with out facts your an idiot.
Yes! RT : We bowled for abortion access & have raised over $24k to help patients afford their choices! No apologies!
lmaaooo i made it not to lonq aqo ! :P
Im getting old. It happens. RT : make sure you don't shit where you sleep
Thanks doll! RT :
So excited to see my first issue of ! Thanks for initiating me
WHAT'S UP TALL &&ND LANKY?...
sad teresa got Fired by Trump :((( I wanted her to win...i hope Aubrey or Lisa dont win!!
& everything she got , best believe she bought it !
I would put a pic of me on here but i don`t think thats a good idea.
Going to be at the #SXSW Startup Crawl Thursday at the Omni Hotel, 4pm. Hope to meet some lots of great people!
WSB reporting a person of interest in the case of missing woman Stacey English. Finally, FBI is involved! Finally.
No NBC cancelled parks and recreations?!?!? Another network needs to pick it up ASAP!
Support ALA RMRT Retired Members-Got #Boomers? #libraries /wk
S/O for the placement on Showin dat
Spending a night in jail... An old Swiss women's prison that was converted into a character hotel that is ;)
Disney did a stellar job! The queue is so much better. Watch the luggage being inspected very closely. You may be surprised
during prayer who did u say stfu to? lol
you do not wanna know haha thats how awkward
looking forward to getting some painting done this weekend.
In UK, money isn't vulgar - just talking about it, or showing off that you have it :)
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. - Dwight Eisenhower
Free event for teens this weekend in NYC! 1st Amendment Hack Jam, remix videos, celebrate free speech, more!
Uhm, im in black out town... Cum join
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Im need of a model for head shots !! inbox me asap trying to put a shoot togther next week
LAST CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: In order to enter the digital age, Africa must have peace, democracy and rule of law
I love hearing a bartender say "I don't even know what Campari is."
It's march! When's the madness start?
itz a joke man
Thanks for your good Session though- I learned so much! Will be in Chi 6/1-3 & will visit your museum- perhaps we can meet!
I'll take it for decor alone. That's an awesome design.
Video is STILL the best way to grab attention and build credibility on line
Let me put you on game..
is Treyarch going to leave the zombies Ldrbds like they r? or will they fix it to keep your high score? we want highest score!!!
Like a good neighbor, prince charming is there
how do you think of these things!? Loll
#YouHadMeAt theres gonna be food there.
Haha I'm a little bit tired :D
Hope For Now - City of Colour
Super jel of everyone that went to Hopefully that setup will find me in the future. Now back to the drawing board. Literally
Happy Birthday Rickey Henderson, you are a base stealing black Jesus.
Awesome! Are you excited to get to see and touch the new CTX 3030?
im eating an acai bowel and I just fell in love
OMG JUST BROKE THE SCREEN OF MY PHONE SO IT DOSENT WORK AT ALL. GRR JUST GIVE ME TWO DAY TILL I GET A NEW ONE. SO MSG ME HERE OR MYSPACE
wow! The Kardashians want Kendall to date Justin Bieber so she could become more famous. But what about Selena?
I'm lying.
Happy Friday! So hapy to be spending the weekend in Texas with my wonderful family.
Oh btw world. Hair? Yep, in one hour it'll all be gone.
So thats how it gunna be. :/
Merry Christmas!
“Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts”
i like zebras c:
Friday Fun Fact: Espresso has 1/3 of the caffeine of a regular cup of coffee.
Last chance to drop your card in the bowl at #emschi -- enter to win a free mobile event app! Come by the booth after lunch!
God loves you! :)
motherfucker_jones is here, AND HE IS HIGHER THAN A MOTHERFUCKIN KITE. Assistance please!
yep, gonna be a long year!!
A real man never hurts a woman! Be very careful when you make a woman cry, .
really? check with my sister she may still have an extra ticket
OKC playing tonight win or lose!!!
A5: operations, communications, marketing were all in same room: control center.
he does, but its because he finds justin as an inspiration and because austin is a boybelieber.
She is now required. No options.
Gorgeous Brooke!!
My dog fits in the freezer.
there is no translation for most of them, if you google them you can read more about them
Listen to us on WQFS 90.9 live with some poetry!!
Josh Hamilton is disgusting. Not even fair
Back on track. Chest + Cardio = Great #fitness session.
hey 'bro' you shouldn't have inderectly tweeted about what i said if you didn't want some of your own medicine.
- we'd also be in favor of having host.
Money: u can't live with out it, & u can't die with it!!
On to Dayton and then to Charleston. Cant wait to get home!!
i love him <3 (: he's my life.
Getting last minute stuff done for the Hear it From Us shoot tomorrow! Yay life! :)
Friends don't let drunk friends sit on their couches without a strategically placed bucket.
right back atcha!
ok, we look forward to you getting involved! Still have room for some more ideas!
Hey im a dolphins fan man one of the biggest fans please tweet me back
Just get through this day.
oh we cool now?
Except when I was in college and waking up naked on someone's front lawn didn't seem so bad. It should have. But it didn't.
:'( omg..here comes the tears...
Watchin the TLC, 9/11. Looking at this all over again is painful. Speechless. Hurts to watch and hear phone calls made from the passengers
Good for Gov Brown cutting free cell phones for at least half state employees. Its a start.
Q1: learned how to use all three in same way: making better and better mistakes until I started to know what I was doing.
Music always acts as my friend when im alone
I'm assuming you're going to Houston Warped?
I've never heard this band that everyone despises so much, Nickleback, and I think I'll keep it that way.
Hahahahaha. RT : I'm trying to pregame hard Friday before bingo players !:)
Cmon Mavs for once in your playoff lives don't choke it up !!!!.
Congrats to Beyonce and Jay Z for ur Beautiful Daughter
Cheer up!
The amount of times I was lost in bullmoose last night seems to be taking a toll on my studying. Never getting suckered in to that one again
But first: family renditions of, like, 5 different songs at once. At the moment: Oklahoma!, Run DMC, Ace of Base, West Side Story, Squeeze.
Monday 12/5: Join Board Member Jon Kean for a members only event on "Hollywood and the Holocaust" 7pm at the
yes a couple!!! I got the mango tango, Michael got the one with graham cracker around the rim! What's your fav?
Da only thing I hate being out of town is that in house
": Finally got an iPhone ...." NO!!! #AndroidNation!!
Thank u! we have a guest lined up we just had to settle in after the big move! RT I'm waiting for more episodes.
Exactly! It's pathetic.
:O why is there a diaper rash cream called Baby Anti Monkey Butt??? O__o
now if I was just dating, it would be different
text me bebes! I need your number P.L.U.R.<3
Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!! So great to see you! =D
That's why I stay collected!
Welcome in, and Happy Birthday. Enjoy
yoga is on Monday's at 5:15!
I asked him what happened. His answer: "I may or may not have destroyed a laptop"
An enormous branch from our tree out back just collapsed from the weight of the snow and has blocked hald the driveway...
Why not rehearse lyrics for the booth like you do for the stage. The audience is the same
#GreatIdeas Innovation can be measured. It generally talks about things that have been found to have real world success
RIP Whitney Houston :( way too young. Sad.
I want a turkey sammich w/ cheese n mustard and a bowl of cornpops
My ROTC unit used to march in the Mardi Gras parade each year - wow - what a blast.
I didn't know about it! Boo!
we love you too baby;))
exactly *how* did u get them into carrier?
Prom was so great. But I need some tour dates to get me through my post prom depression.
15. I never met Mb </3
RT : Customers build relationships w/ people, not products. Develop lasting #business partnerships with excellent
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast? I'd try it. Does this actually exist?
Gurl, don't get fired before you get hired...better stay in your lane!
Shun the nonbelievers.
thanks, and thanks for helping to spread the word!
Not quite liking it yet...but it's moving in the right direction. Ran out of snort last night...long days...short nights...LOL!
Acting opportunities keep pouring in praise God.
"Your money or your life!" what are you choosing with how you run your home biz? You don't have to choose one over the other:...
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Great shot! Where did you snap it from?
I hate touching speeches. They always get me worked up and some day I want to inspire someone to follow there dreams and write them a speech
Sat thru a memorial service with "the final countdown" playing in my head.
Training soon than eat something and than last gym sessions of the day!
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I feel like a grandma con estos zapatos xP
Wonderful, thank you! I will be in touch shortly through my SI address.
im super ready for thursday. Im really ready to fuck shit up at that school... and we spend quality time together:)
:) That's the best way to enjoy a rainy day! Love it!
