you're not funny, bye
no YOU are
At least it doesn't have Xmas lights on it. I'd lose my mind.
has been writing since 11:30AM...I'm due for a break!
Bay B. Keller
“: This weather in NY is so sick. I wanna go outside and play #manhunt or something.”
Don't worry. We'll remind you on Monday.
“: Oh another fun fact. Smallz matched down in Delaware." keep the fun facts coming...
RT #bcsm cancer advocacy can't b ltd by body parts. Eg, BRCA related 2 BC, prostate, ovarian cancers. May b other connections 2.
#Trivia What year did Quicken Loans Arena open?
Say something!
Why can't it be tomorrow already ?
fantastic introduction to Omeka -- now on to a WordPress refresher
Tomorrow, 9pET on & the guys will be tweeting live during the premiere so use #BBSPalladia to join the fun!
I know what happenes. Society forgot what being classy is.
no it was fun
This Dairy Queen is hitting the spot!
thank you very much
beautiful! Congratulations
Have you guys found a house yet? May have an opportunity for you.
Why am I in this class?
woo! sad I'm missing it =(
everything will be okay in the end. if it's not okay, it's not the end.
Dogs evolved from wolves, pussy ass dogs evolved from regular dogs, what are pussy ass dogs going to evolve into? Food?
I'm sure the police and DAs are making money off all of the drug arrests.
RT : Whoever said it was a small world did not fly from Jakarta to Manchester !
OH! duh.
Getting the weekend fever(Movies and snacks) PJ's and slippers.
Knicks are playing team ball and helps them be successful...who would have thought
follow back??
i wish i had a polite, non-judgmental response to this... I do not. toe pick?
I bet I'd win the apprentice.
The duality of my hospice work - death brings awesome new people into my life and it will also take them away
Pop is not good pop is not bad. Pop does not remember but pop never forgets. pop = pop.
When Stuck in the moment starts playing on Pandora and I start to tear up.(':
I'm Bringing Cisco Back.....
Cubs game today!
@ Harlem Nights Down Atlanta partying hard for the birthday girl Cassie....
these bars are vegan. i may try a batch using whey.
Lol,sorry boo...im on my grind....let's set a date...so I can give a two week notice.. to take off
lmao the only one though
ReTweet for your chance to WIN a pair of FREE Orlando tix!
RT : Lobster for #Breakfast ? Really? I'm gonna end up with gout...smh. ***Malibu, here we come !!!
All you are is a attention seeker.
Justin combs Jerry's hair hahahahahaha
hey u now Nicole kendaya is against mahomies let's fight back
S/O to my baby girl for always keeping a smile on my face :)
i can't wait until the end of july when i can adopt a husky.. im literally counting the days until i have my OWN place w/ just me and my pup
Yum! The Bibimbap Bowl is delicious and filling! 잘먹었습니다.
R.I.P. So very sad.. RT : BREAKING: Apple says Steve Jobs has died.
of course!
(847): The last thing I remember is your grandma calling me a p-y and taking my shot for me. Your family is awesome."
shine on you crazy diamonds
Game over, Rush win 2-1. Most bizarre game ever. Zero fights & officials who decided the winner before the game even started
When I first made this account I didn't have a good picture to put up and this picture was funy
Missed the first happy hour? Lucky for you we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m. too! Everyday Tues-Fri. Only at the Tuna.
i dont think you know what your doing to me and other girls...,
I think that is considered incest. You two are sick.
lolol my math teacher was like I wanna ditch this.
I dont play, I'm at Club Play on a Friday. Need to detox, I'm smokin Chronic like Dr. Dre.
My phone dumb I gotta turn it off to charge it smh
oh yeah , if your down for a crazy adventure :)
Why not Jim Breen over at ?Broke ZG, runs a live blog during Brewer games, has 2k+ followers.
It takes a sperm one hour to swim seven inches
I LOVE THIS EPISODE. <3
Still dont know whats going on
I use a nikon d300 at the moment. Cameras don't matter though. Just be creative and capture what you see. :)
Message from very very Christian grey looking man on ok Cupid.(ok maybe not that handsome but closest I've gotten!) Wants to spoil me. Hm
Terms of Enrampagement
I love your soulful lady pipes! I'm pulling for you on #theVoice (and maybe a little bit too invested in this show...)
Whoa, been a long time since we tweeted!!
of those 152 attempts, he was fouled on 150, but the refs are terrible. TERRIBLE.
I am so sorry. My heart and prayers go out to you both. I really feel your pain.
... i knew you where my favorite teen star for a reason...lol
Halftime So far so good from el Madridistas in #elclasico Real Madrid 1 Barcelona 0
White foods (onions, garlic) can help to lower your cholesterol levels.
when are you free?
Finally watched Martha Macy May Marlene. It will haunt me.
Hatley Branch Library Senior Gathering Tuesday, May 1st at 12:30pm. Bring a dish to pass, $1 gift for Bingo. Free Blood Pressure screening.
All the #alamw12 tweets are getting me excited for #ala12 in June!
RT : Perry defends massive education cuts as "thoughtful"
I'm lying. I'll probz just keep getting small ones until I collect enough courage for a big one.
[Eph1:3+Heb6:12] FatherGod has blessed us with all Spiritual Blessings & we manifest HIS promises thru Faith+Patience+(Faith works by Love).
Nope, none that I know of.
A morning chat with your BFF is sometimes the best thing to get your day/life going! Always make time for your girls-- <3 you, !
CNN says 100 arrested at , Yahoo says 200, German press says 300.
Rainy, pensive day.
Ugh i will now get out of the dressing room faster! Basketball wore me out! I thought my heart stopped beating.
Peppermint Mocha @ Coffee Bean...
When you drive 4hours to watch a game up don't leave early
If no one else called dibs on it-- it's yours!
Echo, Moog Filter, Ring Modulator - they are all sounding good in my VST instrument today!
I still say it in my head every time.
ok dope- lets do this- i can write the lyrics no prob if needed
just saw the wgbh openvault announcement -- not sure why it duraspace posted early, but we're live with the new site now
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier ~ Colin Powell
I just added all my followers if everyone did this we would beat facebook add And follow for new job and $$$$
Ok the tremor going on in my left hand, not cool, not cool.
I get great satisfaction from unsubscribing from email lists that I never subscribed to in the first place.
; Happy New Year, beautiful. I miss you too, (:
Snow White Rare Beauty Kit BADgal Lash Mascara, The POREfessional, Benetint, High Beam, makeup case
Not that everything is roses, but life is way better then I could've imagined as a kid.
follow me, pretty please with swag on top!:)
as New England Spring fitfully turns to Summer, you can be sure that we’ll be back for some quality patio time
it is.
Great job search advice! RT : #lib4jobs Focus on soft skills ... Everyone needs them
Hi Thomas, have missed you lately. Yes, let's catch up soon. Say the word and we can chat.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television. ~ Woody Allen
Cleaning and packing my room and listening to
Thanks! Stop in for a wine tasting again soon!
#NowIDo! RT Squid are strong swimmers & certain species can 'fly' for short distances out of water!
RT : The smallest human penis ever recorded was roughly 1 cm long. that's your little blind
$CCPR put it on your radar right now, news released this morning
Thanks so much for #FF...Have a magical weekend:)
it was the ebooks & consortia preso
Giving away 1/2 dozen organic peanut butter chocolate chip cookies this weekend when you order $20 or more. The code word: SWEET TWEET.
I. AM. GOING. TO. TASTE. OF. ADDISON. RYAN.
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." - Orison Swett Marden
The cap of my "BIG SEXY HAIR" hairspray fell in the toilet.
awesome idea?
the rooms has… 2 hours. Not bad really
"sometimes the vodka is needed." - my grandma
I had crazy dreams as well. The Crazy Dream Fairy was working OT last night
I'm ok
Congratulations to my #SDSU Aztecs!!! Cutting down nets again!
god!!! i hope soon(: i liked when me, you and julia went in your car and went to friendly's and hungout with justin!! :D lol
Just saw my boys win now im bout to roll one up and call it a nite !!!!!
This application is coming out great! Stay tuned for results.
At the hospital with Angie!!! She's having contractions!!! ....I need sleep :( & I still have to go to school later on :/
OMG, that is a freakin riot...You were and are so much better looking than that dude.
Cancer~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Favorite girl<3
Most students do not think that studying Math is cool, so be cool with your lesson planning.
My FAQ as of lately: "Has anyone ever told you that you look like a Kardashian?"
Whatchu got is far beyond compare
I got a PHD poser hating degree
listening to someone like youu <3
at #csa12 arguing the need to treat the DMZ as a rubric upon which US empire remembers, forgets, and possibly dismembers itself.
Your crew at Adams/Dearborn are always gracious hosts, and on occasion bring us sample treats!
I love my band.
Remember way back in '08 when I romanticized John Edwards's campaign and marriage? That was hilarious.
News Flash: is currently not Tweeting. cc:
God pours, we receive....blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, they will receive..OVERFLOW!
Probably should head to bed! Super late and I'm still trying to fight off this cold! :) Good night you guys! :) Sweet dreams! <3
followed, follow back please?
Baseball players are so cute
Folo'g death of Cap. Bruce Clark - killed in Afghanistan. Lived in Spencerport. Airport says its wking w/family and DOD for his homecoming.
FSU College of Comms completes rsrch project on Wahi vs. standard web media. Participants overwhelming choose Wahi!
He bowls in another league tonight so we will update you with that score tonight to help your guesses for this week.
well duh. A majority of your tweets are directed towards me. I'm not that stupid
Enjoy life, don't just sit around dreamin, get up and do somethin about it
Thank everybody for the #FF's today. Much appreciated.
RT : Don't run and hide now - you did it, live up to it. #BasketballWives #BBW < Yeah what she said!
Mistletoe music video cover by Holey shiznitt u sound exactly like when u sang this! and i love the vid and you!
And don't forget, the longest road has a turning.
give me 50 mil and see if I go broke
Chris Neil on Michael Del Zotto: "I'm sure I'll catch him with his head down one of these times." you're a pussy .
I scouted that division in 2011 & from discussions thought he was going to Padres with Erlin.
oh i see. well i am glad youre expressing your opinion.
RT : One evidence of our clarity crisis at church is the common misunderstanding between mission and vision
Mass effect 3 ah
hang in there. That many callbacks and there bound to remember you and think of you for next role. :)
Flaming Saddles, gay country bar in NYC is hilarious!
I only went for the free VFW meal they handed out... Then blended in with the rest of the crowd and heckled Coach Billeter..
The people on "I Shouldn't Be Alive" are THE STUPIDEST PEOPLE ON THE PLANET. You go on a hike without water?
RT : I'd give anything to be back in college tonight
": I didn't finish seeing the smurfs"<<should've never started lol
AWESOME PROFILE! The World needs more God Loving people like you.
let's go to MEADSSSSSSSSS and not leave :|
“: Poor Blaine baby :(” I know!!!! I was like half crying the whole episode!!
So excited I have a month until I see my Texas boo!!! Can't wait no one will be able to get in contact with me :-)
#NP "The Ride"
omg dont look at me
Tune in to KXLU 88.9 to hear live!
I miss you and stuff too :c
Thanks, glad you liked it!
i followed u plz follow back p.s in 1 hr ur gonna have 4 more followers
My lil bro is a clown. That is all.
Good :) I was getting worried last night..
Lately I Cant Help But Wonder How Far Will This Go
Ok, Sock em Boppers/ Socker Boppers...whatever you call them, I thought who else would buy this? Sold out everywhere. Huh?
Not even 8 and I'm going to bed...
Happy Mothers Day to all the baby mommas out there <3
OMG these guys are so funny, y'all go to UStream and listen to They are so cute <3
Randomly going to see the avengers in an hour for my cousins birthday? 🎁
Took to Union Station. So much better than a cab. was right.
what's good bro? I'd love to talk bible with you through email. Grad college w/ Christian studies degree
Really? Why?
It's always a good day when you get a wedding invite with ammonites on it :) thx
#SomeoneIWantToMeet I remember I was gonna kill people in my school for tickets to his concert. I cried cuz I couldn't go :( lol
Went to the Library of Congress, Copyright Office, Jefferson library replica. Was cool.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. -Michael Korda, British-American writer
Ill be towing two Israeli cousins.
Watching Kansas and Kentucky fight it out =D
Thank God it's Friday. Actually, speaking of that, how great was TGIF Friday nights on ABC back in the day?
I love ASL!
#follow - - you won't be dissapointed.
Lmao QT : im getting a turtle and im going to name him tebow im super excited.
someone's finally teaching me that :D x
tickets all purchased for NOV 23 to see !! im comin for ya! CANT WAIT! =) AWKWARD .... my bad, there we go!
No no, hell no. Don't try. Pickles....dangerous. Hmm maybe you need a nap :D
Not joking. I love the smell of rubber cement! (New vinyl handbag=good; old vinyl handbag=puke-y)
In my death, people will understand what I was talking about
where ya going?
Continued poor action in MS. Are you still long?
Hold your head up high nd never let nobody let it hang low !
so sorry about this. I didn't know about this bug til yesterday. update coming ASAP. follows me for updates. cheers.
But, your calling child labor rule "stupid" was stupid. The rule should have been passed. Child deaths on farms are unacceptable.
Always great to see you!
And this was just one measly little cocktail class. Imagine what Vegas will be like! :) A good time was had by all! Shake shake.
I'm there two or three nights a week, but I could travel to the Bellevue Studio and train 5 nights a week if I wished
Our ability to achieve happiness and success depends on the strength of our wings. Catherine Pulsifer
‎[Campus Bulletin] RATs will soon be receiving professor accent bingo cards. Prizes will be awarded for completing it before graduation.
It's errand time! Must face real world now.
Hahaa okay I will ahem to
wow! i get sad cuz I cant say have a good day. smh jake -_-
What I thought were caramelized onions on top of the pizza at first glance are actually pieces of smoked octopus...naturally.
German Fest Milwaukee starts today! 'Milwaukee's Original Haus Party'
Thanks for the follow, friend! Hope this tweet finds you well!
Businesses that get talked about are driven by a higher purpose, one formed by a passionate owner or by a passionate team mission.
i'm a student of the drum. i'm also a teacher, but i'm still..
I will take a listen
!!!!! RT : HIRING bartenders, servers, hosts, security, managers! Email !
my dove chocolate wrapper: "make "someday" today." ~ "if you wait for perfect conditions, you will never get anything done." (ecc 11:4)
Good night, Anita. Sleep good and get alot of rest for tomorrow! :)
thought I would see what all the hype is about.
Keep believing Bro.
At first I couldn't tell if you were alluding to that or not...
#Ifyouknowmeyouknow that I stay to myself a lot! Lol ;)
Riding to Brookville on the bike then taking the rest of the day off Takin care of business in some style.
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!
The real is on the rise , fck them other guys.
RT follow she's a music artist + dancer from the uk and gain followers fast (: x #teamfollowback RT
Going camping for a week prob no service which means i cant see or text
Die Quickly!
Who is Ready To Be ICONic Tonight! Like Full on ICONic<
it's been a long day, the evening portion was awesome. great to hear first hand what the current movers n shakers in MKE have to say
YEAH!! I can't have an obese fish! He may sink lol
Serenity murder accused back in court
:D either way
Im breezy , aint nobody as cold as me !
you turn 16 tommorow happy birthday and good for u
So I guess it's girl appreciation hour ?
We will check out Hector's too! Thanks for the suggestions!
Hey everyone we are new to all of this!
wow ; not cool at all.
No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you! Yum! :)
Thank you so much for inviting up on stage with you guys! Much love, you guys killed it at the #teenhoot <3
there are still six pounds of termites for every one pound of human on the planet.... we're good.....
Made #vegan lasagna for 1st time evr. Used to love it; would veg be as good? Thanks to it was delish! Perfect for cold rainy day.
Few things are more satisfying than a hot shower after a tough hike.
OMG, I love this song.
have fun with that, but i dont ever beg sweetheaht. And im offering mustache rides so ill have many options of hwere to sleep.
At my first NYC Tannens lecture.
Not to mention that not all candidates have bios in the first place. >_<
So what's Randy Quaid up to these days?
come on shake your body baby do the conga
HO-LY crap! 's zoom feature puts even 's to shame (esp. 4 modern/contemporary)—almost google art project quality!
I've met a few non-white Am Buddhists, but only a few. Puzzling
WOW, I love this weather
no lol(x
someone told me that twitter was getting cancelled..?
''When people see me I want them to think 'I would like to play board games with her.'''
Other words of good intentions gone awry: Differentiation and personalized learning.
Thanks for the mention !
didn't you read all Gilbert's tweets? He cleared that story up as well.
Sick man. Would love to
WAHHH!!! That's no giant baby. That's me sobbing hysterically cause you're not in the newsroom. Stay classy.
#milwaukee Crush it!!
Students struggling with quick research today. Created a one page guide to help.
Train and Gavin degraw are types of music, right?
So where are the Girl Scouts with these cookie bars? I should be old before I taste one?
I need music and I need to focus. Renaissance polyphony--here I come.
Watching my cardiac cards play! C'mon, louisville
Thinking the 88 on the dirt bike in Cabin in the Woods is an homage to the Delta 88 in Raimi's movies.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day 150 years ago, H.H. Sibley's Confederates defeated E.R.S. Canby's Union forces at the Battle of Valverde.
Heading up to Dayton OH Sat 6/4 to play Canal Street Tavern w/ the RedTone Sixes! They rock! We Rock! So should YOU! See you there.
which Lolita's you going to?
Yes there was a Sir Mix-a-lot reference at the American Association of Museums conference.
Why do people always focus on the negativity and things they hate. You are what you preach.
God is so good STOP RUNING FROM YOUR CALLING!!!!
RT : Q3. Understand how you will scale the solution- these are large files, and people are struggling with this
Tatts all on my arm
THANK YOU ! : Don't forget, folks. The Easter Bunny will make a special appearance on April 1-2.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don’t skip lunches. You need the break to keep your productivity up in the afternoon.
they DON'T do IT arch; biz arch & IT arch are meet in the middle disciplines <=do what we need 2 do 2 + value.
Heading to East Village Tavern and Bowl to watch a beatdown.
You play the guitar? What don't you do? Man... this show is gonna be awesome. "Jort and TB in the morning."
LA THIS WEEKEND! Yay!
Walking home...is sometimes the best thing I can do. Driving too goofy... can be bad. -db
Better be home before curfew ok mija LOL RT : I have a special date, with a special someone :)
To the nice woman who just screamed at me: "Little ass in the ass!" At which her friend added, "Kanichiwa."
I aint gay or nothing, I just follow JB.
Money from strangers is pretty funny.hah
English Dictionary and Thesaurus for PC [Download]
Check dm's
I cannot stop singing #Easter music to myself!
Wahhh :( I don't wanna say goodbye to my kindergarteners!
no problem(:
haha yup! I'd like to see you try lol :P
theres more to discover. find out what went wrong w/ o blaming each other. thinkk that we got more time. when we're fallin behind.
My account was hacked, sending message "I have a picture of you on-line". I reported this to Twitter & changed password. Sorry!
Hey! Good Morning My friends!
Representation Information (what you need to make your bitstream interpretable) can easily turn into an infinite regress
not me.
The already very energetic Jeff Tobe kicks off day 2 of the conference - Coloring Outside the Lines
you can take them
Bank💰, Nails 💅Casting at 3:45pm
Happy Birthday Mr President...(Marilyn Monroe voice). 50 fine yrs!
Hey man, a pleasure meeting you sampling Creed with my girlfriend the other day!
haha yeah true! good luck on yours too (:
I would like to also announce that I will be entering the NBA draft.
thanks for go-go-ing the house last night.
I know thats right
Well it's Friday at last, I hope evert one as a safe and fun weekend!!! Also thanks for the new followers!!
Another week, what's on your mind?
still have to make a new sign c:
Wed May 9th is National bike to school day. #Carmel Elementarys Orchard Park and Prairie Trace to participate. Chk w/ your school 4 details
Grand Opening was a success! Thank you to our clients, old & new, who stopped by!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
just ordered an jersey shirt
Parents: "why don't you hang out with your friends?" Me: "You won't buy me plane tickets to see them."
I agree..RT I gave up trying long ago. Made my head hurt something fierce.
Solon~ Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
#ithurtswhen you fall asleep at you laptop and it overheats and burns you on the leg
Cool. My mom still isn't letting me drive. Why is she being tht bxtch?¿
Ur the best! : The only good thing about being late to class is catching an extra dose of haha
don't do it!
That has to be one of the most articulate, even handed, honest, pointed evaluations I have ever read. Awesome.
Best heard on TuneIn radio app
whoa easy there cowboy. coming from the girl who watches ancient aliens...
I've been disappointed with the lack of ExpressCard slots on the new models (forcing me to get 17" next time)--why so unhappy?
vote for Woodfish to play the Six Flags Great adventure by texting the word WOODFISH to 27138
RT : If we don't collaborate, we get incremental innovation. We want disruptive
He Just Broke My Heart Never Wanna See Dt Bitch In My Life Again He Makes Me Feel Like Dah Best GirlFriend Ever Den He Treats Like A Bitch.!
you would think but obviously not
Pa'que sepas: Vicente Fernandez's mustache died for your sins.
its the only thing I'm allowed to drink anyways I'm not allowed to drink coffee
(((E))) sent me a message last night and I didn't answered it. Am getting tired of ppl only talking 2 me when ever it's convenient 4 them
I knew they were going to screw up my check! smdh
except me
Looking for businesses to help sponsor this event! Contact me! Let's talk!
i serioulsy cant wait to see 's #nsndirectorscut !!!! :)
RT-why is no one texting me today?/// Dude...4getta bout it. Just go give someone a hug. :D
yeah thought I responded but I guess it didn't go through. 1pm is fine w me
My mom thinks I can get a 100 on my Latin test....
Obedience releases the supernatural in you. When you stand into the face of this world and open your mouth and declare boldly the word of t…
well thank you Paula :)
Happy veteran's day!
lol, there you go no wonder it seems like forever >.< What school do you go to now?
Yes! Once AVB found out there were #ASOT house parties in MIA, he'd give us a shout-out and it would explode!
Great game, 6th place team in the EPL beats Barcelona, can't wait for the second legs
WHATS UP DANA? HOW ARE YOU BROTHER? I MANAGE SEVERAL FIGHTERS. HOW CAN I GET THEM IN THE UFC?
How crazy was my day today? well.. i took my phone off the charger at 3 a.m. and still have a full charge
The more you are motivated by love, the more fearless and free your actions will be. ~ Dalai Lama
Ryan Bush wrote "Hey. some person is posting real bad rumors about you here" what are they posting ????
Three Rules of Work: Out of clutter find simplicity; From discord find harmony; In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. Einstein
Now that it's spring, have you seen a change in your utility bill?
thank you for the follow!
I'm only a man in a phony red sheet, diggin for kryptonite on this one way street.
Ahh, yes, looking forward to opening for next Sat. at Buffalo State University
Stay tuned for exciting updates about #RaleighRAW!
looks like my vacation may end sooner then i thought. I may be at the gov again soon.
ugh! That's so gross! Lol i hate those dayum toilets! Nasty.
Hibernia Construction is extending its brand with the addition of new t-shirts
Brez not sellin out these days?
I was asleep by 11pm but I appreciate all the bday love, especially the text at midnight!!
Once again, you get inside info. about the class.
Horses can get sunburns on pink/white noses.Use sunscreen at altitude.RT Pigs only animal besides humans that can get sunburn.
ooh I did that yesterday.. Left out a few but idc 😜
And the list goes on and on! Just today, antibiotics can cause asthma in kids...
you look so beautiful!
So as I was walking to Econ my head started hurting on the sides, my legs went numb, I got chills, and started sweating.
"On Twitter there's a lot of talking, but not a whole lot of listening." ~ at
i left my mom last year on mothers day for a concert... but not this time, i plan on making it a chill day for her :)
Get your guesses in now!
because george hill sucks, not near what neal is (who he would be playing for) and we need a big. NOT another gaurd..
It's too late for me to eat anyway.......gn
Thanks to you la..you are the reason for this misunderstanding..you make me and she didnt talk to each odr..you good!-.-'.
9 deliveries to the hospital 10 minutes before close.
Yah thought I saw you. Back left.
I have forgotten my log in information, and can't sign in
: Nice! Let us know what you think, thanks for coming in.
Ah, those are really helpful. Thanks! The tutorial is great and is one of the few *free* ways to make a collaborative timeline
Not to mention he stoke his nose in The Megamaniacs business which caused them the tag titles.
If a song must be stuck in my head, why does it have to be Smelly Cat?
y so late
At Viewpoint lunch. Pre Jim Barry-we need to rebrand the Park East.
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.” — Buddha
yes it does
yes you should go vote for RNG.
Just started school today. AIR CONDITIONING YEAH.
above my shoulders :/
thank you! :) the truth always speaks the best I guess!
Manson, Jones top CD reviews - Toronto Sun
even thoe not said .. i dont feel trusted, always assuming something. & its crazy cause i dont even do nothing.
I need you!
Congrats Phil! You're doing a great job!
going to school... You know, educational stuff
Harry follow me?<3
Lmao! Who's pants?
MT“: Obama in Iowa: "I paid off my student loans 8 yrs ago...think about it...I'm president of the united states!”
listening to your beautiful music as I do booking/travel planning stuff. Make this process a little more "joyous":)
now that was wishful thinking but it would be nice to see it come together lol
Wishing a wonderful Thanksgiving to all those "following" but not to those who are not "following."
Im craving chicken nuggests......
Hate hate hate when people heat up fish in the office.
I will never understand how Boers & Bernstein keep their jobs. Show is (and always has been) terrible.
your perfect <3
yea skinny jeans are bad enough but combined with fat people the two make a terrible combination lol
Shouldve won the fight tonight. Cobb you looked great! Keep it up!
We are accepting applications for Country and State prelim Directors.
Downtown's new Indian restaurant, gets two thumbs up. Great Indian lunch buffet walking distance from City Hall
Dollaz make cents!
I hate that I always get terrible anxiety in the morning
In a perfect world, the #ravens pick up Hightower. But if they want him, they'll probably have to go get him. Steelers want him too
haha! I remember that. "A little diamond dry and it'll be playable..."
Why is it so fun to watch shoplifters get arrested while you're shopping?
Your two favorite fans will be watching tonight!!!
Frank, should be available now, sorry for the trouble.
Code enforcement folks have left, but word is a clown may be on his way. Time for me to leave, too.
Lebron " I want that champsionship, thats all that matters"
Farmers markets for swapping digital components in a universal technology...
i miss getting on the account all the time! i'm gonna start getting on more!
Thanks so much to today's Entrepreneur in Residence (W'93) of ! So great to have you on campus!
I'm gonna watch in concert for free! you should come! Your not far from Austin! :)
Khao soi at Pok Pok- Yum! That translates to crispy pulled pork on coconut rice and one happy diner.
The VH1 comment section was lit up! I couldn't watch 5 secs without commenting. I read that they deleted some people's comments!
great piece! Very inspirational!
it's eeeeeeeeemina ;)
Love to have you on Jack! Could we do tomorrow morning? Email ; 4107904408 is my #. Thanks Jack and congrats!
NBA playoffs seem irrelevant without Kobe. Winning your first title was so 4 years ago Lebron...and Dirk. Who needs 1 when you goin for 6
New track titled &quot;No the fuck we don&&#35;39;t&quot; dedicated to the ladies coming soon.
Barcelona get ready!! I am conquering the Catwalk district tonight (and hopefully taking prisoners ;)
Congratulations Lee Skolnick on Hejduk Award. Your architectural talents are too numerous to mention.
Bitch you get no lovee(:
yes I'm going youth center
I have the itch. I'm training for a marathon but need some cycling for cross training. Time to get the old boy tuned up!
#Gophers can't get the ball in and call a TO
I'm in the jawn, you in this jawn?
.99CENT DRINKS TONIGHT AT BROADWAY BAR , NO COVER !!!! DJ QUICK IN THE VIDEO MIX !!! TOP 40 ALL NIGHT 21+ !! 8800 BROADWAY
Wow I'M tired watching the rangers/caps game! How do the players feel?
GET YOUR TAN ON! *Specials TODAY ONLY* ALL UV and Instant Tans $10 each!! Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 50% OFF!! MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!!
Pretty sure The Hispanic dude living behind me is running a rat hotel in his tool shed. I'm going to burn that fucker down.
“: For some reason everytime hits me up via twitter or facebook i fall asleep lmao” starting to think purposely lol;)
IF you think everything is on EBAY tell me??
See you soon!
We are almost at 5,000 Facebook fans--> if you're not a fan of our page, please "like" us and tell your friend! (Please RT)
“: #FITB ____ Is a Good Friend”
Twitter Jail is the ONLY way I'll stop, lol
So. Can't. Wait. PARTY TIME!
Commercial shoot today!
When you pick me up
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have allowed the most yards in the but their #1 in the AFC
Done w work! Time to head home, get the pup and head over to my folks for dinner!
The good Dr. Bob would approve, i'd think. (p.s. how ARE you?)
Yeah, me either. I ask, because I was waiting for your tweets and instead I get immigration news. :)
kicks ass.
Your math makes complete sense. I'll know what to order next time. :-)
Memes don't exist. Tell your friends.
U wear the stash, will wear the shades...inside for a day. Deal?
Sure. Mayor's race, Prop A and Prop B. John should know his caller was the best one I've ever encountered.
Annoying feature of Twitter lists. After adding new handles to the list, all of their old tweets show up as recent on the list.
Goodnight twitter peeps
But if your working the night before, no problem, I understand! You'll be seeing me around! ;-)
thank you! Built it on weebly, lots of tweaking along the way
Damn Angelina...way to look AMAZING!!! Absolute goddess.
Clearly you should pick up all your followers and take us with you. :P
Some people, are just not good conversationalists.
I CAN'T SAY YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL SINCE I NEVER SAW YOU BUT I BET YOU ARE!
International SEO 101: Search Marketing for Foreign Countries and Languages
7 matches/21 games, and my volleyball team is still undefeated! Woo!
My bad, you'd be surprised how many stupid arguments have been made last couple of days. One bad week and everyone is on our case.
Taking off to work #illinoistech graduation this morning. CONGRATULATIONS all #IITGrads2012!
All i wanna ask is why?Is this all you guys do?All good questions.plzz follow me
Tornado warning has sparked vigorous debate about luck and safety at the office. Battening down the hatches.
Happy Birthday! My son got your jersey yesterday. Can't wait 4 new season:)
Congratulations to Doris Bremm for winning Award for Extraordinary Contributions from Georgia Tech's Writing & Communication Program. Yea!
Have a Rockin' Birthday !
My neck hurts from headbanging last night...
k twitter its beond late so i am going to bed see ya later!
no cupcakes until I reach my goal weight ! Then I'm Gonna pig out on your deeelish cupcakes !
Thanks for your sweet mentions and RTs - Happy weekend!
lol I just missed you guys so much. See you next week.
You are welcome ! I'm telling you tha truth you know :-)
Hey just reading the numerous posts about dev on the planet hating the WP auto <p> and </br> tags.
Happy Happy New Year!
#BackWhenIWasAKid I would never have imagined my job as a Web designer, SEO, SEM, Social Media Expert, because the Internet didn't exists.
lmao....im juss sayin, I'm sure it'd piss any female off....thankfully, ill never find out first hand..
If I was your girlfriend I'd jump off a cliff
hm...good point.
go Scotty go!
You will NEVER please everybody, hell you'll never please most people.. do your own thing and do it well!!!
Trusted co-workers recommended "Divergent" as a good read, in keeping with the whole YA-dystopia thing. Anyone read it?
I'm tired of arguing with Pandora about George Harrison. I don't think I like him. Pandora insists that I must.
is open for your hunger needs. Order carry out and bring it one block over here to Sabbatic and have dinner & drinks
oh my gosh. that's so sad. I'm sorry to hear about that. I hope you are all hanging in there.
Playing at in Fayetteville tonight at 8! If you're in the area, we'd love to see ya!
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterday’s
Design Tip: Use an area rug to pull your furniture arrangement together. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Ron! listen to that beat cd Giff n Score Music i gave you at Phuket !
College student with an interest in #Sports #Marketing and #Sponsorships? contact us at
Initiating In A Conversation You Know Is Going To Be Boring <<<<<
If you retweet the same person over and over again I'm going to unfollow you and follow them.
I expect a full report!!! Off to photoshoot day 3 and IDS party tonight. Good luck with #IDzinechat !
Bake up
He could definitely start, yeah. Incredibly terrific speed, size, & can hit hard.
#DetroitNewsHub There is so much progress happening in the D, from the Lighthouse project to the #Midtown #SugarHillArtsDistrict you need...
It's time to move...4 months.
Thanks for the support!
I love New Brunswick. Makedas restaurant is my fav.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Agreed!! We're excited to be in #UnionStation. Stay tuned.
It's been a busy night of Photoshop, Flash, Illustrator, and Dreamweaver. Time to go to bed.
RT : How to #legal Proof your #business! My interview with is up! Listen to my tips & advice for your...
Renters, did you know that your mortgage payment can often be as low as your monthly rent
Easy come as easy go !!! Get at me though lol
You smell like bruja.
happy birthday!! I hope you have an amazing day with friends and family :D Beliebers love you
Brady be talking mad shit to coach teal fatass
So funny. An entire segment on neuticles!
Buck, I'm done! Move Davis to 3rd, Johnson to 1st and Reynolds to full-time DH. NOW!!!!
WHO'S EXCITED ABOUT THOSE JORDANS THAT COME OUT NEXT WE??? I KNOW WE ARE!!!! IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM
& you were telling people i was -_-
You look gorgeous!
Today I will be at Red Bull Arena sitting with their supporters. From there, I'll return to the for match!
Hella excited to see that 1 of my fav singers & 90's crush will be featured on TVOne's The Ladies of R&B. Show em how its done
Keep singing LONDON then AMERICA will come to see your performance!
Is it true that public historians like history better?
you're amazing ! Thank you :) -Cruz
Being single and alone is not wassup.
Awe, Knicks look like they wanna Forfeit...
just appealed a parking ticket online. what the cheetah? a ticket for parking in the right lot? not happy.
Yup. It would be awesome. She can talk about her gold trans am and brushing her teeth with Jack all she wants.
oh duh #iknewthat have fun! #illmissmybenchbuddy :( also you better tell me all about it.
I need 24 1-hour naps a day
Our team is here to assist you ... please let me know if you don't get your needs met! cc
Glad I survived the cut :-)
Don't worry ..made it safely on the train... Hopefully 3 strange women won't sit in such close proximity to me this time..
lying to grandma..
Online HIPAA training torture, why me?
My Btother Vome Home Todayy So Ready Miss Him So Much
RT : Beautiful picture...
at fellowship baptist. It's like exactly next door to my house(:
Hahahaha In some pictures, she looks Hecka light, and some, she's tan...OH! And guess what? I work with a guy named Marshall.
gale: provides both purchasing and leasing models. try to be as flexible as possible to meet different budgets.
RT : Regrets can never be fully erased, yet they can be completely prevented.
after 6 years of listening to all of 's music i finally get to see him live tomorrow :')
Massage can increase joint flexibility
I feel you. I'm going to be looking morbidly obese in Florida in a couple weeks. Fml!
Played #DJ on the bus today on our way to Westport
was your major in college?
Today is a day for the studio!!!!!
As always, Imis Birthday it is commemorated by all Krav MaGa lovers
A man in love is like a clipped coupon- it's time to cash in. ~ Mae West
You Know It's Real When Ya' Latest Nights Are Ya' Greatest Nights. The Sun Is Up When You Get Home , Thas Just Ya' Way Of Life.
New feature request: add menu items from restaurants to To Do Lists: i.e. "Jambalaya Cheesesteak at Southside".
Twilights coming out.. Can't wait to see my boy on the big screen ;)
I have no desire to get up right nlw
that is an excellent idea!
God, my best friend is incredible.
What's with these homies, dissing my girl?
hey guys i love u all <3
A massage would be well needed.
Seen @ the mall: Iphone case w/built-in bottle opener
Three duties of non-profit boards: Care; Loyalty; Obedience (from Gian Brosco, LV Community Foundation)
:\ we can't under-price shared hosting; smaller sites may work at our $25/mo basic level (coming soon) though
its good to have rain it was really warm thankgoodness
got a lot of catching up to do on twitter!!
he killed himself.
Prmr interface looks nice. That's actually what I like about Final Cut X, super interface... But haven't tried new Prmr yet.
The pleasure was all mine!
A follow would be lovely 😊
I don't see your tweet anymore...but lets just say I hate cleaning up a mess...
Seemed innocent enough to me! *shrugs*
Think I may go see "The Artist" again tomorrow.
Fuck the lies... but fear the truth!.. bitches
girl, i'll call youz n e tim,e .... wait what??
It's me again!
You see them do it on TV, but I did it FOR REAL! No tricks, long path of burning coals... so empowering!!
Our survey is still live! If you haven;t taken it yet, please do! And please feel free to post and tell your friends :)
Very nice...Congrats.
Hope you brought your umbrellas today students!
Ahh. I played right field last year.
Goodmorning hun! Have i mentioned, #SaySomethin is great! Everyone shld hear it and download it.
Is anybody out there online
followw me!!! It's my birthday!!! :)
We need a few good diehard geeks who want to write Tech news and review gadgets for us #tech -- interest?
i never left lol.. i just moved to North MIA
All this pain and sacrificing time will pay off
Eric Dyson Matthew 5:17 , Also Stop using MLK 4 Liberal and MSNBC Gay Agenda on Same sex Marriages, u r just as Bad as Fox News!
Wow! Thank you so much. “: thanks for the follow! I admire your work so much!”
Some kid is videotaping adtr with a psp wtf...
I'm just glad I don't have to sit for 4 hrs in a driving class! #boomroasted oh wait traffic school 3X's I'm
I hate to say it, but she may soon find the tables turned by her other friends (FAS, I suppose). Then it might sink in.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake or my boys (:
Great to see you again! Loved your performance. Hope to hear you perform "Forever Young" live soon.
We r playing Knoxville this weekend!
In South Dakota....nothing like Las Vegas at all..I kinda wish I didnt move but oh well...maybe this is a good thing :)
is that the slogan?! If so I love it!
was ist sprained?
of some butterfly's with stars coming over my shoulder. I will for sure post a picture.
Last hour of convention. Would it be unprofessional to lay on the floor & stretch? My lower back & these concrete floors, I tell yah.
bangin dem beats this saturday at Toptional Moorea beach club. Do not miss it!
The wilde things have quieted tonight. RIP Maurice Sendak
"Yo dawg, I heard you like to interrupt class and blabber about nonsense, so I hooked you up with peeps in DC" - me, in the essence of Xzbit
Totally agree! RT : Some say that people in the middle of the road get run over. I disagree. If agile and aware, the best place.
Lmao Imy 2 Chas! How r u?RT : wheree have you ben all my li i i i i fe *rihanna voice* haha miss you girl!
Brooklyn is the new black in NYC. Check out for a great place to stay and hv a cup of while you're there.
Replacing the goal kick "you suck, a*****e" with "This is Sporting!" Thx for staying classy
thanks for visiting and sharing our website :)
Think I'm about to head to the gym
push me hard, grab my ass and dig up deeply
#youcrossedthelinewhen you did that at lunch. just remember karma is a bitch. (;
I really just want to slap you across the face.
I'm dialing now! Lol
must find: #SXSW playlist.
says I'm not famous but those BITCHES talk about me like I am!
"Wow, you're tall.. Do you play basketball?" "..Wow, you're short. Do you play mini golf?" Yeah its a two way thing.. js(:
Cold and Rainy, Wednesday Night Seafood Boil is Hot and Yummy at Fresh!
PS: You have #Clear listed on your blog. They are the WORST ISP I have ever used. They are criminals. Please warn your readers.
Out and about today, gonna enjoy my day off :)
need funds for client in tech start up any advice?
Crying because MTVHits are playing all the bands on bamboozle
last year dawg. Mavs trashed him in 4 games
At this point #BCEagles need Tom O'Brien "Program Rebuilder". I would kill for MPC Comp invite
I am always
Good morning, world. It's purty outside today...
BREAKING: Mitt Romney's Last Gay Supporter Endorses Rick Santorum.
First 3 people to show this post during #happyhour get a frankenmuth on stubby!
"A Dreamy Shade of Azure" of course... The question should be-what will my color be tomorrow~?!? (I made that title up! ha!)
<3 I don't need a euphemism to justify my size or beauty.
Car so clean ion need tint
looks like a happy happy friday :)
I'm sure your knowledge of bullshit is endless
I love the #redsox and always will, but this team just isn't that good.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 54
#Canon print drivers are a huge pain in the ass.
Ain't nobody replying to my texts!
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
I wish I could say the same
Got it my friend...good stuff!
Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11.
New feature: fashion advice for power traffic team. I smell Emmy.
Ugh. 50 minute convos with your brother are great. But having a bunch of work to still do tonight is not.
What to you think of this David?
Thanks!!! We are stoked!!
You may have: rainbows, thunderstorms, plenty of sunshine, clouds moving in, blue skies. #wiwx words used by this AM
yes, please! Maybe we should date this weekend?
I was on the fence for approximately three seconds.
conservatives believe Obama made it up? yeah, well, many conservatives also believe we walked with the dinosaurs. hahaha
we're going to miss you! Australia is lucky to have you :)
yeah its not summer jam, but im not sure y there having a concert now. r u going to visit here anytime soon?
Tired finna call it a night n take my ass to bed Gotta get up early again Work Work But when that check come.... :/)
This is my profession. Im not new to what I do.
RT : If you have an iPhone and a public library card, but haven't tried app yet, you're missing out on the...
wanna be your lover not your mother. i can't be your savior i don't have the power.
I know , boring lol
I am excited to be a part of this great event and honored that I am a small part of helping to raise awareness and money for this Foundation
THANKS AGAIN!
LOL. We'd be an unstoppable political duo! ;)
oh my God, same. Dude, the editing in this episode was fucking great, the way it flashed back from old times to then
Shout out to my Def Jam Family!!
Bought new desk chair for school. Heavy sub destroyed old one
let me know if you guys roll through the village tonight, that's my hood!
Can't wait till drake and Justin bieber perform!
Tickets for the #XmasBall are pretty ridiculously expensive. $70 for 1 good band & 2 mediocre bands?! I'm disappointed.
great walking a few blocks w/ you the other day! Hope day readin' go aight. Cain't believe you all readin' an stuff, gurl!
This! BTW love the avi sis! RT *in my John P. Kee voice* "He keeps on making a way!"
thank you I appreciate your kind words!
love is just a four letter word that crushes you when you fall deep into it
Heading to Albany today for some fun family pics! Cant wait to see the tulips! What are you guys doing today?
oh yeah lol
Looking for imprinted umbrellas for winter? Check out www.bnoticed.com
Big up to Natalie - e2onair #Saturday's 9-11pm - Boom
We've been talkin' for so long, now we're finally here in person.
Tempers flaring at the RG between & #American still 1-0 Tri-City at the 2nd intermission! Put the foil on!
#attachment PlayStation Move Shooting Attachment
yeah lol this series is gonna be cray intense!
Exactly. They need a outside person to handle the appeal, but that will never happen.
#RTmedia summit Michael schaffer of : Best stories often come from a concerned, idealistic citizen on the front line.
you spelled gross wrong.....
Oh, I love zombies, too!
Vegas was fun but happy to be back to my own bed...they did have great pillows though! :)
Real housewives of new jersey
m slide that in my mouth at the least
I forgot how fast DC is! Wow! :-D
Correction: our festival will be on 01/28/2012.
good luck with that!
chicken pot pie or yes.
Oh no! That's so dramatic! Much better to be witty and playful as we bash each other hilariously!
no white
great, now i gotta go look at that code...
I like RTing you, Tam.
Thank you both! Rock out for me lol what's up family!
Dear God, your trees are murdering my face. Sincerely, Harrison "Allergic To Your Majesty" Shulik
Thanks for the #FF!
Happy Wednesday!
You are the bomb diggity - Thank you!
If I get this job at journeys you know what that means..... DISCOUNT ON HEELS!!;)
: #ThatOneFriend you can talk about anything with.
Forget jeremy Lin,Who cares if he is coming next yr,i dont give a damn,we r out this yr.
Day Ended Great !(:
Group writing process... Better, worse, just plain different?
Full Tilt is the best on-line poker site there is.
A dime can't date a nickel. A nickel can't date a dime.
#InMiddleSchool we didn't used to call it middle school it was jr high school
I had a dream about mom & sister
Back in LA!
never been there Why??
Then they pissin me off... I'm already pissed off. 😡
they're not the only ones
Way to go, kid! RT : . was named the AT&T Man of the Match for his shutdown role in the midfield.
Wow, iOS 5 has literally eliminated almost every reason I ever jailbroke. Can't wait to see how the community improves it!
boys are stupid.
Looking forward to a Friday night of... UAT?!?.... sigh......
looking good
It's Ed Sheeran O.o LMAO!!!!
You're so welcome for the review! I'm glad you were on deadline cuz that means more of your books to read! :-D
Do the Giants fans out there like the new Nike uniforms?
love the new profile pik!!
that's well said. most parents today pamper soft wimpy kids. life is tough better be prepared.
She ain't goin nowhere , but I swear dat bitch a trip 💁🌆🚗
REAL TALK!!!
follow me?<36
Thank you! I'm so excited!! :)
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan when people laugh at me for whining about snow, then the entire state of Colorado takes the day off due to snow.
I seriously 💗all the tweets yu post I'm always like yup!!! Mhmm!!! Retweet!!! Hahaha
Gus Johnson just had an orgasm.
Uh, what? RT So do I think President Obama will endorse same-sex marriage today? Yes. Yes I do.
Caposaldo chianti and pizza. a good pair!
thinks tim neal is bein a bit ov a dick tbh lol
gotta get back on track
#big brewday today and national #homebrew day on Monday we'll drink to that.
it's so deli-ciousssss go to the one on Gower! Welcome to Los Angeles :)
Classic, All-American Favorite Returns to Harborplace &amp; the Gallery
announced new partnership w/ Imagine: A package deal for recording artists 2 attend/shop 4 choreographer &dancers.
RT Lotsa fun tonight: Food Court at + zombies, weiners & ice cream at + at
: Want to know what's happening in SW ATL n'hoods? Follow me on Twitter! Your place for info devoted 2 issues/events in SW ATL.
. (I can thank Matt Gilmore of H-DC for letting me know of that a few years ago. Margaret Bayard Smith refers to the empress)
That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: It said, 'Goodbye'.
Don’t judge your coworkers, #remove obstacles from their path that keep them from #achieving #greatness. SeanLetwat
baby anti monkey butt. # wow
(2 of 2) "That’s the America I love." channeling #GertrudeStein in his stump speech.
Awesome!!!! Thanks for the info :-)
Haven't done this in a long time.. #SongOfTheDay Disturbed - Land Of Confusion (Phil Collins Cover)
made your avatar my facebook picture.. Hope you don't mind. You're the man and that picture is sick.
I didn't think the league even lets players in the Super Bowl play in the Pro Bowl. Could you imagine if Eli got hurt?
our table just got moved to the back lol Ed is not rosa parks prana
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 39
Hear us @ 8am today on KIOT102.5fm! We'll be on The Man Panel with
my grandpa was from Illinois, so I liked them (as well as OSU) growing up and that's their colors too.
Jesus is
Suggestion – Third, Eye contact has been shown to be a significant factor in the persuasion process.
oh nice!
I can't see Pujols going to the AL, and why would he go to the Cubs? Miami and St. Louis are his only options.
Woke up early dis mornin....I was able 2 get out of bed
good luck at the mall :)
...that store just to find the bike parking all hogged up. I HAD to get a pic. Heh
blasting and singing w/ my sons equals great way to start a weekend!
Note to self: Coffee is best collected when pot is on burner.
ughh k. bye
Oh Lord.......i gotta get my singing voice together tho.
very cool
Ump has a fucked strike zone
LOL RT : If Tebow hasn't broken twitter yet, the new NFL playoff Overtime may just do it..
Why does it always smell like weed every time I visit my bank?
Learning about #3D Imaging at the U of South Carolina
thanks ! Checking yr blog! Xo
omgomgomg: just discovered/had idea for BEST JULIE WEDDING PRESENT EVER. Whew.
port wine cheese spread. enough said.
can they know the real meaning first? + it's just one song. Thry completely ignore all the other songs. BTW is beautiful.
Thank you again. Okay, this could go on for a while... ;)
if coming out on social media helps me support and fight for my rights and marriage equality then be it.
Watching the poll numbers come in & listening to the #CheddarRevolution CD! Power to the people!
Commerce General Counsel Cameron Kerry talks about Obama's privacy blueprint at #iappsummit; looking for input on multistakeholder process
I just read the chat. 12:20 EST was a tough time for your predictions. Duke and Coleman?
like really you have no idea. (;
You and Tom should switch teams for one season. I'll write the book. In?
oh wait, beer? I deserve the beer. I don't even think is old enough!
#UWM mobile app for iPhone and Android currently in beta testing. On target for launch in time for start of Fall semester.
Whats the best way to contact you? Thanks!
Haha....I think Cash would make that trade...
Why is it so cold man..it feel like its below zero out there
Reds win!!!! Take that, Cards
they are actually pretty delicious, but more amusing bc of the randomness on the biscuits.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
Random question of the day: how long has the 10 second backcourt rule been a rule? Before shot clock after shot clock? When?
Thanks! XO RT
CHECK IT OUT! is offering a Check In Special on FourSquare. Be sure to check in during your next visit to Express Lube.
Vas Happinen :) im a big fan
I was tweeted by a directioner that doesn't deserve to go to the signing. I RTed it. Lololol
i lick the cat & aint even get a hairball
I'm at a movie theater sporting a crisp white chef coat and tie tonight-- like to class things up every once in a while.
Thank you..Lots of Love! :)
At PGE Park-- the deadline is here for a decision on the new Beavers baseball team location. No word yet! And Beaverton still wants to play
All tied at 28
:Jill, I loved the article you posted on the blog about Thomas! So very true, he is definately our Heart and Soul!
Drama evilness will bring pain!
Cardinals world series ring has tiny rally squirrel running on home plate- kinda funny:)
Taxes and golf are a lot alike. You drive hard to get to the green, then wind up in the hole ~ Joe Moore
At least I know what my strengths are!
UGLY BITCH. BOW.
When Will You Ever Notice Me.?)':
they love it when the masses are distracted by meaningless bullshit
lol totally know what you mean hahahaha
LMAO! Gurl acted like she neva seen a ten before...ITS ALL ABOUT THE HAMILTONS BABYY!!!
start Tiger.
Today was good day!
blame my parents. my mom hates food
nah I live in the good where I'm surrounded by ppl who are by far too broke to b payin 4 vacation
yea. I know what u mean. I'm a pretty good bowler but I find it hilarious how into it some people get.
it's been this way since the beginning of time.
Quade, I'm looking at a Map of New Zealand. Which Island are you from & which part?
I wish sumone would buy my delta
How much sleep do you get?
have a great week! You will do amazing. Keep working hard, it will be over before you know it :)
Very nice! I would love a picture wall.
#thatcampgames Which writing issue do you want to solve? Oregon Trail can help!
Me too. Dear : Please help. RT : Waiting on the pilot that hasn't shown up for American Airlines flight 1429.
Good Morning Tweeties!
Joesph knocks down the free throw.
Done with my Networking Class. Learned about the error message "Missing NTLDR".
Very glad to see LB Courtney Upshaw from Alabama as a let's go D
ROBERTO! WE MISS YOU!
School is "pointless". English → We speak it. History → They're dead, get over it. Math → We have calculators. Spanish → We have Dora.
On eBay. Impulse bid. Thought for sure I'd be outbid. I wasn't. XD
ya why wouldnt we
Different strokes for different folks.
#bike2work today and I'm bringing back an old style: sansabelt!
let's promote people
come back this summer for some !
Just got #babyleah to sleep. Catching up with my best frannd Missed you chick, love you!! (:
It Should Happen to You (1954): Judy Holliday plays Paris Hilton with a heart alongside the sure-footed Jack Lemmon in this Manhattan romp.
Aww. I played SW Kinect at Comic Con! Get it. Or I'll play out my Kinect and hand it off to you.
I'll be comin home in late July so about three months:(
I know u don't know me but I love u and keep up the good work...I love u so much neneleakes
Done! RT : Hi #Followtag if you are #startup #socent #Innovation or #entrepreneur follow us both
I can't wait for #RBMSvideo ayayaya!
Drinking delish stumptown coffee from ports. Just opened on 23rd st. Thrilled to have stumptown, please just don't go the way of Starbucks.
Insomniac's
Well maybe if returned a phone call, or text message perhaps, she would know why I called her.. :p
massage it
ah, shucks. Have a great week ahead!
#kids Get up and Go at Westfield West Covina with Free Westfield Family Fun Days for Toddlers and Now Kids 6 & Up: Get up and Go at...
Living in FL is like living in Jurassic park. Bugs everywhere.
And so it begins
"You were born an original, don't die a copy"
lucky Asian countries! They're showing "The Avengers" earlier! Like in the Philippines, they started showing it yesterday!
pandora, twitter, Rams 2011, Facebook, Craigslist, eBay
RT : Im Trusting Him With EVERY Fiber Of My Being.!! Amen!
I sure can!
better, but easier to x-out file accidentally.
you guys won it all???
SO MUCH DOIN AT ONCE...A.D.D WORKING IN MY FAVOR TODAY
In traffic knokn that 2chainz tape hosted by dj drama #get$music
It waz a crazy ass day
good news ladies- its the year of the rabbit! Ohh sorry I mean its the year of the back massager.
Dudes who try to add me on Twitter who follow nothing but ALL females...
word word word
how goes the journey? Are your training for anything in particular currently?
The Neon Museum in Las Vegas, Nevada. A really great place, with lots of collage art inspiration
Waking up in the morning with 600 injuries
For what? Impersonating a black man with soul? Haha J/K
What a total waste of gorgeousness yesterday-have NO inclination to watch his show and I always thought he's darling.
Love you Adam!
Yea I'm mad we have Two lunches but I can't stop thinking about lunch & alvins Noodle dancing & faces to get away from the securities.
oh yeah can't wait!!
Recommended: Union Bay Natural Area @ UW's NE edge. Once landfill, now alive w/ migrant birds, tall grasses, waterlilies, mtn & bay views.
where u from?
yes haha why?
of course!!! :D
Would love to connect! We're a social startup focused on ethical & sustainable consumption in NYC.
we are having a party when it's delievered....k?
Thursday/Friday/& Saturdays (Tuesdays/Wednesdays/Thursdays ) & Saturdays hosted by me &other promoters
Out with my divas
fjfndfrjkedngf you tweeted me. i just screamed and told my dad..he wasn't amused because i was too loud haha i love you xx
What's on the agenda today?? I will be at the gym watching while I work out... Something about The Herd. I cant miss it!
Learning about sharing resources between jccs and jcc camps at the JCC day at the
Hot Spring Golf Tips. New blog post at www.askcindycarpenter.com.
#WhyILoveSummer shark week !
Wtf does acting Hollywood mean anyway!
Microsoft Word needs to work on its coping skills.
Well. Thanks cute boy in PR for your corny jokes & displaying your cuteness even more.
LOL, hey #Bestie, had to work 15 hours today, just got off, about to go to bed and go back to work tomorrow, 3pm to 2am
#wheniwaslittle I was a calf
I love all the couples sprouting at home. So cute
well ya see, he came down for easter this weekend and we got a little cold so we made a fire. It was last minute haha
I hope I wont be the next one in these situations.
Thanks for the mention. Did you use our site when purchasing your latest tv?
#acqhack check this out for #facebook leader boards on apps
Thank you!!
Touchdown!! Let's go State!
who likes free food! If your a business in downtown PDX/Pearl call me today for your promo 60 piece assortment of gourmet food 503 278 5370
Ignore the haters, Jim. Just keep doing what you're doing and be true to yourself.
How are you this fine morning?
yay for actually creating from Pinterest what recipe are you trying?
Epic save by one young "Zachary Gunderson" from Provo, Utah! He straight picked me up on the side of the highway like it was 1966!!
Your tour of embassies sure sounded fun. Nice birthday gift, too. Have a happy one!
Goin up to strangers puttin a skittle in my mouth and sayin i gotta mouthful of skittles wanna taste the rainbow? ;D
That is going on tomorrow? At Harley? Sick!
What is up with these animal hats?
it's not a good feeling!
SO EXCITED! AND in one day?!
Glad I screwed my tweet about Toby Keith's performance, ACMs not CMAs lol. Oh well, still was the
Time for my lovely bed and another chapter or two of Christian Grey
Half of my mouth is numb):
Internships, let's get them done
oh that's good
#WhyDoHoes always think every guy is after them?
Nick will you ever tweet me???
they must hv known you are a Celtic fan 👎
History is not a science; it is a method.
I hate breaking a guitar string... ):
thanks for the tip. Should be a fun time. Been before. Great place.
she beat you because you made youtube videos
euphoria by Calvin Klein. It smells amazing!
Carson city gets be so hamate etf
True. There's an easy solution. Don't get one.
really now? Is it that simple?
Pisces New Moon "Petrified tree trunks lie broken on desert sand" What dream for the ages will u manifest into being? B still Listen 4 clues
haha I see you were thinking the same thing is was. :P bewb.!
oh yeah!!
Looking forward to it! MT 10th Annual Pigtown Festival is less than a month away! Who's ready for the "Running of the Pigs"?
Life is like a rainbow. You need both the sun and the rain to make its colors appear.
hey jim. what's your vote? solo, or me fucking around with drake?
you got it!
You gotta hurt in order to know. Fall in order to grow. Lose in order to gain. Because most of life's lessons are learned in pain♥
Scoing on my tweeps?!! I'm back, but with a new mission! Looks like I have to adjust to the new layout! Adapt and overcome, right? :)
Hey advertisers, I know I have terrible taste in TV, but that doesn't mean I would ever voluntarily watch
Happy Colorado Day! Colorado is 135 years old today.
:-) : I'm gonna need a DANCE SOLO scene for my SLIDE OVER VIDEO feat Miguel! Summ sexy but vicious! Wit sum bounce! Handle that!
New portal. Enter Mingei Int'l through The Collectors' Gallery this week. Preview what's available on your way into the exhibitions.
Had fun with friends today. I had almost forgotten what it was like to laugh so hard :)
you know went to my school right?
I might not even tell you when I'm coming, just show up at your crib one day and start playing ball
Stop photoshopping his head on my body.
Thank you to all of my new followers! There are just to many to PM all of you! Wow!
Wait I didn't tweet that last one right. Just wanted to send people over to you AND listen to your re-mix.
Japan's scandal-hit Olympus to launch new medical devices
So where do i fall in
Wondering if my roomie is surviving Vegas and if there is a warrant out for his arrest
I don't feel like going in tomorrow..
I'm about to type the word "twee" but I will never use it in its verbal form. Making the world a better place one step at a time.
wth?? have to be studying for my exams tomorrow ughh some college course i take
": RT If Your A 90's Baby w| No Babies >"
point is so valid. Regardless of your thoughts on this, Romney handled it like an amateur #uppers. Idiots need not apply.
Anne Hathaway needs to stop taking roles that require an English accent.
Rack City chick, rack rack city chick, ten ten ten twenty and a 50's chick.
Why do I have to make a denomination to a religion that has over 100,000 different congregations...why not??
Well, if you sell Evangelines let me know. I LOVE her. :D
nope , lol never a stranger towards you
So are we! Follow #sims12 RT so excited to see all the great, strong women of graduate on Friday
Why is everyone being so hard on ? Hello, its football! And a contact sport... #NFL. Still my fav.
Don't be sad be GLAD! Besides you didn't let us down.
I would like to obtain a British accent. Thank you, that is awll. :D
Happy easter! (:
please follow me it would mean more than the world if you did
just spent an hour listening to the sweet, sweet music of the dentist's drill.
He looks good! And if he can 'mostly' keep up with you when running, that isn't shabby at all!
I know! (heehee)
will post a kickstarter fashion show vid soon! look out for it!
How did I miss yo ass...lmao
tommorow ar tonight can have your cell phone number cuz I have to go to some old.lady bday witmy mom id like someone 2. Talk 2?
Looks like the Rangers had the hammer dropped on them today. No transfers for a year will kill them.
to celebrate hitlers birthday? :o
Friends of the Libraries event today at 5pm in Tripp Commons, MU. John Nichols & his book "How Wisconsin Renewed the Politics of Protest."
I've been humbled to "follow" the tweets of all those who tweet for the betterment of humankind. Thank you.
#thankyousteve martin, for not making any new movies lately.
No wonder did Columbus' bike plan! Great preso, very inspiring!
I no longer want what I wanted, but only what He wants for me.
It's not what you think, that's important. It's why I'm still here, that's important
Tangled. Titanic. The Notebook. One Direction Videos
IN DC- contintental never lifted out of DCA last nite, so we will do the San Antoinio shows from nearby Washington
Hiring: Senior #SQL #DBA in Palm Beach Gardens. Must be a rockstar. Who do you know? Will pay $500 cash referrals.
RIM launches BlackBerry Mobile Fusion for iOS, Android devices: The company says the service is designed for enterprise and governmen...
Thanks for the RT on #AAM2012 Tweet-up 7:30pm at the Doryphorus at during Opening Party!! Who else is coming to Mpls??
Ha! I've already gotten two debriefing emails from my hotel roommate. Can't wait to see it in person.
Pearson originally tried to name the pineapple essay, #HungerGames, but apparently that was already taken.
Thanks for lunch buddy!
Filing franchise tax forms to the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts. Who said going LLC was easy? ;>
woah..what happened?
She is Right....They CAN be LOUD and Clear!?
Yikes! Everyone okay now?
I won't believe it 'till I see it bby.
Back to the guitar.
Just discovered you can email photos from your account.
Got one of those eerie feelins... gonna tap in to my sixth sense and see whats going on, cuz smthn's definitely up.
#ListOfTurnOns Sitting on the ice cream maker.
HAPPY Easter peewee
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy.
GO YANKEES RT IF U LVE THE YANKEES #YEAAHHBUUDDDYYY #YANKEES!!
That's awesome! Tell her we said congratulations.
Northwest Sports tonight. 6-9pm AM860 exclusive The night at Fenway Mike Wallace of CBS cried on
- Welcome Conrad! Thanks for following! Let's work together in 2012! Robin Lynch Aerialist
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
That moment when you have try to finish your homework in the last minute
Hey buddy! Wanted to let you know that my class is coming to DCGam.es! Got excited when I saw your name on there.
Just told me I had a cute sneeze 0_o
follow my nigga
Was that a bro comment?
