I know exactly how you feel! And you're welcome. RT : Love that post-haircut feeling. Thanks !
Dislike Georgia's helmets.
nothing much reading hbu :)
Tweet me if I have-not followed u.
Welcome , and to the twitter feed. Like us on Facebook.
Ok guys I need 25 more followers until I hit 200. My goal is 500 followers by Tuesday
m coffee this morning and Twilight this evening, it's going to be a great day
Iced latte Nancy Botwin style
I want my first album to be bring the listeners several different sounds. "Never Better".
Guns 'N' Pancakes
I'm so excited about watching this John Adams miniseries but hey that's not John Adams that's Paul Giamatti :(
depends, so far TT is our QB but hell if Peyton takes us to the #Superbowl then I'm happy!
Eli on SNL...Peyton was better....
stooping season officially starts march 22nd
is 1/2 burpee without the kickbacks? cause i can get behind the squats with the jumps.
Boys cum an go'!! But friends stand by your side no matter wut'!!
my soft and bouncy hair
i am
Come on
I want some stew and cornbread...
THAT WAS PERFECTION.
Gov says adding $105 million to Vikings' stadium bill can be undone in conf comm if it gets through Senate.
need 4 more followers ppl follow me the 4 ppl that follow me will get a shout out
Doesn't it suck when u have to train a new employee and they barely know how 2 use a computer. I'm thinkn "how did u make it this far?" Smh
#NP: "My Head Is an Animal" by These guys definitely have a good thing going on!
Feeling great, time for another productive day!!!
the fourth person tonight to tell me this...
I'm watching Alto Saxophone Woodshed: Aaron Fletcher & Khari Allen Lee at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Austin Mahone is my inspiration. Don't like it? Sorry bout cha
i hope there is another cruise. i will not miss that boat. how have u been? life is good i hope.
it would have to be Gay & Conley. I'd do it.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 6
#bootcamps R terrible 4 new mommies w/ so many planks that allow gravity to widen their #diastasis... How I'd love to present...
Something #GF and delicious rolling out soon! Can you please email w/your contact info?
I'll re-record it some time.
Hey it's BK, What is your fave Clint Eastwood movie? On this day 1993 Clint Eastwood won his first Oscar for directing the Unforgiven.
Tomorrow, the Lions will trade up to draft Janoris Jenkins.
Tonight...it's spread love the Hermosa way!!
i would be interested in knowing more about your business curriculum review. our's is sadly lacking sustenance.
I don’t trust people very easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don’t make me regret it.
I made chocolate covered bananas, takes me back to disneyland!
Shutout to my favorite singer being on #FULLCOURTLIFE love u
IT snowed last night. Pow for now!!!!!
Would've like to have seen tonight. Need to retire so don't have to worry about work next AM.
Go away, Headache!
Felt like it to me, too, for a while there. Looking forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks!
Hopefully I will be going to the Mark Bradford show soon, if I don't see his stuff in person soon I'm gonna slit my wrists.
it's safe to say I am very excited for this draft. #bills don't let us down.
Almost ran 2.5 miles tonight, but I prob would have only run half that, if it wasn't for #RunningBuddy #MyNieceIsAwesome :)
Cramps Gone. Officially In The Best Mood EVER! ♥ Can't Wait To See My Friends Thursdaii; Especially, Kalyn & Dawn & All My 8th Grade Buddies
If it's going to be this gray, it should snow. Otherwise, sunshine I say!
Paid $ 95 for this weave plus tax #bow lol
So Rio is out
Goodmorning! ... from Vegas
hey mahomies. let's get WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE trending. support<333
sending now follow me back
haha you here all weekend?
Do not eat whiskey-soaked coffee cake for breakfast.
Thanks! I hope Shooting Star is going well, and I can't wait to see it.
Now running a special on Head Shots. Follow us on Facebook to see our Ad. www.Facebook.com/david.constantephoto
well when you're in Charlotte I'll take you!
A literary man is a dull man,a man who is solely a man of business is a selfish man,but mix literature and commerce, A Respectable Man is He
Wishing you all a great nite that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
Its surprising to say the least. I was hoping for a CB, maybe even Jenkins. Our DBs can't cover anyone.
better, cheaper, more efficient types of existing products won medical device awards: nothing "new": is this trend continuing? should it?
Topshop in NYC, seriously I can't get enough of it. And Topman.
Because Erik is a righteous dude!
I thought of you instantly. xo how's the jack-hammering?
hey weirdo :D
“: I'm on the field in Tiger Stadium, Tigers! Where are you?” in the chancellors box!
damn this math hw is kinda of hard tonight
Just called Dad to wish him a Happy Father's Day.
Outlaw Nation has a show on 311 Cruise!!!!!
“: Strawberries with lemon zest, lemon juice & raw coconut sugar. #DAY 7. I'm inspired
Break up the banks!
GEORGE WAS INDEED A LEGEND......!!
This Saturday meet us out at Cars & Coffee Las Vegas on Eastern and Richmar in Green Valley to unveil the all new 3 series sedan!
Watching the double hope it's a good movie....
RT : Out of all 4 pro sports, what team has a man with a cane in its team logo? (100 points) Celtics
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
And be below .500 while doing it
Expecting the world to be nice to you b/c you're nice is like expecting a bull not to charge you b/c you're a vegetarian.
actually. Ya. Im cool with that. He is pretty fly.
My light blue shamballa has got jacked 4 times in one day
Your right... KANSAS ROCKS!!!
idk ha it's all of them! But I see your going to bed so night!(:
..keep ya hands off me bro! lol
hey what's up! Thanks for the follow back. How are you doing?
My team good, we don't really need a mascot.
look on here i posted it on my page all my recent ones
I don't know are you? Xx
#np They call me Richard...♥ - this song is beautiful !!!!!
I was at Bushy's last night and confirmed the #shakejuntgraffiti was still on
Did you guys hit Captain EO???
And more meetings. Lots and lots of meetings. :)
Let's see what we can do. Maybe via email? Not all MJPers on Twitter
Awakened by the quake.
Ugh. I should have started this a long time ago. Catching up on 6 years of twitter is so much work.
That was fun
Refuse to watch $EC #nationalchampionship. Now both teams won. So it's still not decided. Best of 3, playoffs, or boycott.
#whodosntliketoraceoldladys raced an old lady onto line because she tryed to cut me off yep thats how i role WINNER!!!!!
Hi Jessica! Been a while. Hope you're well and getting ready for the weekend!
Can anyone recommend an online collaboration/communication/feedback tool similar to Spigit that isn't Spigit?
who knows but the thoughts what counts no I got u homie
Lls RT ": Would you watch Real Housewives of DC?"
thomas playing with me ugh..
How about the dobro? It's a a lot country and a little bit rock n' roll.
If a nigga call and be on some BS but the day before aint say shit about nothing, then jump on twitter to talk shit dont make u hard or cool
New song going up in 5. "Anytime". Let's party
I need a beer. Starting a tab of beers I need to have after the baby is born.
Day 4 of cma fest :(sad for it to be over, my body is ready for it 2 be over blisters all over my feet. Happy bday to chris young!
it's hard for me to fly with the eagles when I'm surrounded by turkeys.
Hoodies, Skittles & Sweet T: I Don't Defend My Life; I'm On Offense
Gonna go hoop at Mu Rec center for the first time in between classes
THE END OF AN ERA MAKE IT! H VS HBK VS UNDERTAKE
Diablo 3's best new feature: the insanely streamlined multiplayer experience. Future games should absolutely steal this.
I want an application or someone to text 24/7..
How much do you love our Romagna Calzone?! Loaded with pepperoni, salami, sausage, mozzarella, provalone, ricotta, and arrabiata sauce.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off. ~Author Unknown
Israel and Israelis are NOT cruel. They want peace and will make peace when there is an END TO TERRORISM. Arabs/Jews are brothers!!
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 8
I named my laptop the Maltese Falcon. More or less nerdy?
"The greatest value in life is NOT what we get, the greatest value is what we become" ~ The Legendary Jim Rohn
woo what a day! i need a cup of coffee and netflix xD
Alright mom. No gift for you sunday
you brought this wave on, didn't you?
Funny watching kids get excited about the ice cream truck. It's all about the little things.
Stupid, Repetitive Tasks <<<<<<<<
Working on a video project for one of our artists... We'll let you know more soon!
Lets take these bad chemistry jokes and barium.
Sometimes you have to reacquaint yourself with the written word. Like there's too many for you to peg down in any order.
call 866-999-4936 to access live IP Security Camera Demo's.
“: They should make condoms that change color when they come in contact with STDs.” makes so much sense
Nigga go home and fuck your emotions.
hi alice.
Job hunting/interviewing is SO similar to dating.
Who is your favorite musical artist?
Hey new followers! How are you all today? Be sure to follow my personal twitter as well!
Exactly! has forgotten the swiftboating of Kerry and the hysteria over George Soros the "socialist!"
If you break a sweat cleaning your room, you know you probably need to clean it more often.
Vinny's laugh . that is all .
oh my gosh. Greatest idea ever!
Today is going to be gorgeous! I had a rough morning but hopefully the beach will make up for it :)
I'm Fed up with trying to make you mine..:-(
I hear Michael Johnson is interning at 58.
When you say that we must go to the movies real soon right after I told you I don't have a bf makes me not wanna go anywhere with you -__-
Q6) One where the learner can make lots of mistakes along the way.
lol who was the other person ik who tommy is but idk the other kid is
You're welcome! :D Ah Dragon!! (We totally need medieval nicknames! Lol!)
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain
I am so thankful I was blessed with wide shoulders. Especially nice when flying on regional jets
The rationale is based on balance, but in practice, it's about increasing tough choices that don't serve users well.
Fell asleep last night w/out eating dinner. Not only am I #StarvinLikeMarvin, but I feel weak too...
I hate whn people say u cant b addicted to weed too.
"So, what are you putting in your kayak?" "Me, myself, and a GPS unit. Why do you ask?" "The last guy was using his to collect rat bodies."
About 2 go c THE AVENGERS @ 12:00 tonight!
Follow our Coach Justine!!
RT if you think im amazing at editing pictures :)
Two for one breads AND morning buns at clasen's! Go! Now!
yess lets all go!
Why are you so serious.....
Well, that is staggering and in some way hilarious.
Wow, #Brewers making headlines all night
he said that xD it was hilarious
Looking for someone to video an upcoming event. Know someone? DM me!
Decided on the Spy Museum. Whole thing felt like it was plagurized from a history Chanel special. Now back to the hotel.
I love Hollie's voice...
when is the next meeting?
RT : Oh you know, I'm over here raging because the triforce appears on Links RIGHT hand...instead of his left..
so easy...
the app is now 100% completely free.....because we love you.
has a bleach high....
How is this bullpen Valentine's fault? Seriously people
So happy that I'm finally finished with classes for the year. Now, bring on the finals.
It's TIME. J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets
So tired. Im seriously about to fall asleep at work.
Absolutely! Giants have a home game that night, but Sport Management has their own reception prior to the ceremony if you can make it
Lynn Zentner from NCN gives list of success criteria for HUBs, VREs, science gateways, and such from nanohub experience
The original is better!
Saw my future husbands today <3
come on u dnt know if the person has been hit by a bus dnt be mad!
MSU AD Mark Hollis in statement: "Coach Izzo is more than a basketball coach. He positively impacts everything he touches."
anyone interested in beginning a conversation via a new #hashtag #gradeschat ?
He's one of the biggest reasons I'm even in med School!! I even wrote about him in my personal statement!
please follow back!! ur awesome :D ♥
that seems to be the consensus!
Your work is very important. We are very careful where we get our herbs because we worry how they are being harvested.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
someone is trying to ask something I don't understand ... ugh. what is the point I am missing?.
haha i'm sure it's not the worst city in the world!
For real? In Hendersonville? Why aren't you here man?!
Was almost murdered by a Brobdingnagian Oriental carpet roll, but saved myself with my cat-like reflexes!
Drinking some kick ass moonshine haha
I want Aaron to chop my throat but in a different way …
Thanks for following and for the RT. Perhaps we'll meet you this afternoon?
She still on dat bro.
The Hunger Games: too violent for children?: Some parents have taken their children out of screenings of The Hun..
FOZZY of course!!!!
Today's first interview done. Back to the Sourheast branch for more.
In need of books on Narratives, everything really (theory, psychology, etc) please send me links or an email
When you feel so tired but you can't sleep. When you love someone but it goes to waste.
when r u able so skype me curz i wanna see ur purtty face! lolol
Those moments that take your breath away....are the most wonderful to experience!!!
oh god
thanks for sharing.
Mention this post and get 10% off of my jewelry tonight at the RE show at the Calvin Center!!
First tweet from my iPad :) so awesome
Who's going to see the this Friday? Have you seen them before?
Consumers Pare Purchases; Focus On Healthful Foods - PerishableNews (press release)
hey hey just working hbu?
Randolph County Record - Muncie Star Press
My boyfriend doesnt let me eat at school, so naturally when I come home I eat everything in site & summer is in 44 days. Uh...
Patrick Hornbeck previewing Latin Works of John Wyclif, digital resource on Wyclif with searchable translations
"More dirty socks than Carter has pills." Kathy White yuck. I tweeted to Jimmy Carter! Now I am going back to sleep. Good night Moon.
Ha! I'm fine with that.
Maybe next year I'll be there. Now the tweets & book will have to do.
Tomorrows my last day in hell for a while ✌
Well #BGC8 ova so I'm fina showa and go to sleep
thank you .
Um...you get your revenge by making your wife watch a chick flick?
Eddie Redmayne is so hot.
I am going to use some of these tips. Plan to go to Vegas next month for a few days and the prices so far are outrageous!!
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this <3
Picked up case of wine I ordered today. Picking up amom on Thursday. Coincidence? I think not.
take it off!
#QuestionsThatDontGetAnswers are you a virgin? Answer: thats private BXTCH is a yes or no question lol
I got ya real fan, When ya SNICKS get that cloud off that's been chasing them of losing streaks then talk again(drops mic)
Want a shout out for your little student? My "Roll Call" Forecast is coming up on First name, please!
I got instantly hooked to and music and I LIKE IT!!!!
I have never seen an entire state rally around a unibrow...until now
Driving the night away! #Florida is getting closer! Just two more states!
Happy Monday morning Twitter!
hey Steve, good morning, when you pick the next winner, I don't care how it's spelled it's pronounced Mike Hart. Have a great day!
culture is our operating system
Going to Miss Cover Girl practice tommorow!!:) Can't wait<3
Omg I was about to sleep but #strange sex became trending.
Seattle Sorbets is on this Mango Sunset today.
#Norv Turner not a happy camper
#FollowFriday The Mayweathers, in good times and bad, the 1st family of #boxing:
Thank You! Now that's a good idea! Lol :)
Ouch: Reading my #MayDay tweets, I see I'm out of practice taking photos & live tweeting while running backwards in a crowd.
does anyone use an internet service other than ? Looking to change providers due to account mix-ups and poor customer service.
Rocked my audition today! Holla!
Does your business require LANGUAGE TUITION, INTERPRETING or TRANSLATIONS? Call Brigitte at Languages For Life Ltd on: 01476 594154
who the fuck asks people to do that tho.
no... I'm I supposed to do it again??
Shawn should get kicked out of the Chicago area until the playoffs are over lol
Roundtable: Same-sex marriage, Doug Manchester, Props A & B
("hey") me-"im busy ignoring you"
Thank you so much. I was looking for advice on investors, and your tweet help alot. Thnks So Much.
Who's trying to make a road trip to h-town? Let's do it!
Forget about it
Yes have email @ home, but can't access at work freely - have to use 'quota time'. Will text you that email & check in between
That must have been your worst nightmare. RT : My kids are terrified of Hink, 's mascot.
Free concert....MYSTIC SOUL & The Reggae Force Band - Hollywood Beach Bandstand - Johnson St. & the Boardwalk, Florida 8/26/11 7:30 - 9PM.
welcome #happybirthdayjboogz. I'm putting in everything I have to say haha
No idea where I will end up tongiht to watch the game, but whereever it is, LETS GO PENS!
Vegas was so hot for the PGA Expo, glad to be out of the desert!
Apparently somebody out there is making very bad rumors about me. I should probably click on the link to find out.
Yeah!!!! "WARREN WOLF" hits the street today w/ & Greg Hutchinson. Make sure you get urs
Good Morning and welcome new followers! Hello and great day to all of you! :).....COFFEE TIME!
Ok Phil time to address the o-line Jay needs time to find Jeffery and B marsh.
Cuddyer agrees to three-year deal with Rockies
Hey Nicole! I'm so excited to meet you in July! : ) I look forward to hearing about how your year is going as Miss DE Int'l!
Rocky Twyman, Capitol Hill prayer warrior, urging Obama to have a bipartisan bone marrow drive.
u and Victoria are sitting near me on the bus ! Das it
Can't decide where to eat tonite? Dine w/us and support a new Vilas Zoo Animal Health Center - we're donating 15% of today's sales.
yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me steve-o .
Missed hanging out wit her :)
Happy New Year! Our students are back, and working hard on their Practicum website projects. 2012 is starting off well.
One reason not to be a DC/VA resident is that I'm not eligible to stay in HI hostel... :( Next time I will be a Missouri resident
Just returned $127.17 to the store and an hour later bought $127.17 worth of other crap
Where are you?
Fuck bitches , get money . Fuck bitches , get money ;*
Crazy good!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
An hour before 2:30 & I already have "that 2:30 feeling"
bahaha if she wasn't grinding then she wouldn't have lost them.
You will hear a great NEWS about our project "Bricks Of Hope" soon,,,,Stay tuned!!!
We'll be reaching out to let people know you represent the future of
Soo beat from lax conditioning
challenge accepted
BREAKING: Per CNN: George Zimmerman has retained Mark O'Mara as attorney and voluntarily turned himself in.
Guess what? Not happening.
i am so following on twitter!! twitter just got awesomer:)
If you can't stand your gf/bf but you stay with them bc you love them- YOU DON'T, stop being selfish and move on.
all the respect in the world to peeps that edit video on the daily. holy cats, I'm going crazy
Never stop Hustling that's what it's all about. I finally spent some time on this Twitter...
And we'll really live it up when The Wizards win the cup
“: LET THE REFs ref ok . I hate games where players try to call the game . flailing arms everywhere” Welcome to Pats football.
Have you read your #Facebook Page recommendations recently? How can your business or org use these customer testimonials?
The first time I went to Five Guys my uncle instead of pronouncing it right he said "Five Gays" lol
Our latest fine art print arrives this Thursday. Prepare your space :)
my boyfriend is 15 hours away....where are my friends to keep my mind off that ? :/
Did anyone just hear #jonGruden on #MNF???
Hey, Scott. Are you a gear nerd? I'm not, but you might want to check out my old pal on Instagram. Great stuff.
Going to moderate panel at Duquesne Entrepreneur conference-should be great!
Lesson learned, No one likes a liar... They only like good liars.
RT : Guys who don't have respect for women who are quite frankly way too good for them to begin with<<<<
Throwin' it out there. Went to see Korn tonight. pretty sure I'm over n done w/Em. Some things don't stand the test of time
The position of the artist is humble. He is essentially a channel. - Piet Mondrian
it's still the same number!
I sold today for 2 hrs...yet none of my targets perceived it that way. They perceived value.
i would like to work on your web presence in exchange for an hour of airtime
I could TOTALLY go for a hot pocket right now! RT : hot pockets. They're good for thy soul.
- Good luck whereever you go. You will do well!
Awesome -- love it too! Just saw the convo with them!
cube I don't see u down there next to Jack wats gud?
It's a great plan, obvs.
not even !
just realized one of my friends looks exactly like cameron hurley .
Trying to get my film ready for the next year...Can't wait!!
HMONG & AMERICAN: FROM REFUGEES TO CITIZENS exploring issues of gender, sexual orientation, art, language, religion.
Can I just leave my face at home... Or no.
Agreed! RT My breaks are not long enough SMH
thank you
#YouShouldNeverTrust somebody that talks about others when they aren't around yet smile in their face
See, you get it.
and I ain't going home solo cause I lean like a cholo
what? I am talking about that little prompter knob thingy
We're open until 12:30 PM today. Plenty of time for you to join us for lunch. Maybe have a handful of sweet potato fries. M.
Yea!! is hosting the Oscars!! He should do it every year. He's the best there ever was! :)
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Shutting Down Buzz and 4 Other Services
As a professional musician who relies on my ears I can safely say that I'm 99% sure a slur was used.Shocked when I heard tape.
Have the #FINEST time!
Hello Alabama!!! #LongestDriveEver Thankfully Mr. D (Austins Grandfather) likes to drive :D
3 Days Down... 647 To Go. I'm Gonna Go Insane.
Lately life has been a blur.
Wonder what power 96 was like 10 years ago.must of been better
true. But I don't see it. Not at all.
#TentCity was epic tonight!
I like the website redesign… just noticed it. Pleasing and well done.
Felix Gomex Trio plays tonight at !
The Streets
One step at a time...
The Data Shark is still circling...Let us help you dispose of your confidential information with 20% off shredding till the end of April.
I guess that would make you twice as hot as you already are, considering Orlando is in the high 70s today.
#NP Take The Box by Amy Winehouse.
This virtual meeting wouldn't be nearly as fun were I not attending from my kitchen.
Yes, Baby girl... I was at Target off 635 and Montfort years ago and they were all over the parking lot looking for food. NASTY!
Thx for following. Check or pass on if interested: free soc skills d/loads for kids with ASD.
you for the North County event! Hoping for more like this one; enjoyed - always a great host!
Told you 2-1! Told you to change the bet bruv
clipping my nails
lovee you ! miss you and cant wait to see you over xmas breakk! #shitshoww time
call it a coincidence, we have the same laptop!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney Celebrates National Kick a Blind Kid in the Nuts Day
RT The French Horn is easily the sluttiest of all musical instruments. It's the only one you . . . . all at the same time.
Congrats on the seed money-you guys have a fantastic idea, definitely one to watch.
Awww RT Among loci of father-son #bonding memories, the humble barber shop is an unassuming massive overachiever.
Ha, I do stuff other then sit there, according to Claire.
Good, at least one good thing came out of that tweet. OUR FIRST STOP IS IN BOGOTA!
In Vancouver at #AFPmeet! With
Stuck in the north? Some of us like it up here...
The link is now on for story on fashion.
Kbj in the studio recording working my skinny Black ass off. Thank God music safe my life.
and itunes are warring over my ipod, eventually one of them is just going to nuke it from orbit just to be sure
howd you start acting and at what age?xo
Talk is cheap with word you can't keep.
Follow true supporter of the DMV music movement. #PeerPressure /via
i thought alleigh was helping you too
john cena i think u r a awesome wrestler and when u vs the rock the only person that is going to bring it is u cena!
Don't like gay marriage? Well shit, good thing you don't have to get one!
This is Dan. Dan is a Baboon. Read, Dan, Read - Chicago Tribune
Interesting. Magic Johnson says Mike Brown to be fired if Lakers lose tonight. Jeanie Buss says Phil Jackson wants to coach again.....
Hey I really want to start putting covers of songs on iTunes and maybe get a manager. You are an inspiration to me and I love to sing.
The closest place to get internet at Flagler is a bar. It's like a #photographer paradise!
Austin,tx tonight. I'll be at the Geisha room. 5th n Congress.. 10pm.
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, Dan visits Pantheon HOMEGROWN Farms to learn about its programs for adults with disabilities. On MPTV 10 at 8.
the spotify station >
When cancer is found early, 90% survive! Stage one is the cure!
Lets see 2 guys and a girl....I think all they need is a pizza place and they're on ABC circa 2000
Ha! I missed you by less 4 hours. Stopped there on our way back to DC.
#who farted?
Thanks dude
True for entrepreneurs too! RT : “If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.” ~ Mario Andretti
thanks for listening!
MT : I'm sick of hearing GOP tell me the wealthiest nation in the world can't afford
Oh man, I'm pretty sure chicken soup is better and more effective than tylenol.
S/O to for his commitment to South Dakota St. This kid can shoot from anywhere and can jump out of the gym! Congrats young man!
Children who are autistic are just different, in the sense that they just learn things differently.
"America, America, God shed His grace on thee. And crown thy good, with brotherhood, from sea to shining sea."
Especially when they auto play 2 videos and a whack a$$ song at the same time.
YES RT : Starbucks Via instant coffee is THE BEST coffee for making iced coffee at home. Hands down... Just letting you know. :)
If would have lost last night, none of these Tweets would be happening. He is just like #Heat fans. Disappear during losses!!!
Early Medieval Europe understood such concepts which became alien to later "Enlightened," people. The west lost the mystical called it East
So proud.
Thanks, Doppler Bob!
just make sure the bike has a kickstand okay?
you're cray cray and I LOVE you!
Playoff hockey for the Amerks.
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
I need some good British comedies to check out. Have any suggestions?
sitting here drinking my morning coffee and watching all these people jog around my neighborhood. I must of missed the memo...
thanks!! i will try that recipe! sounds delicious!
RT : Take a look at our Thanksgiving Recipes from top food bloggers! What do you enjoying preparing or cooking the...
fuck what you heard, its what you hearing!
RT if your a mahomie :D
Why can't I fall asleep?! Oh yeah, because my mind is racing. That's why.
can't wait to have everyone here
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
Especially amazing considering I've been a perennial sports Scrooge for over 3 decades.
I need no ocassion. . . I do it big err day err day lol.
Well it sounds delicious.
I'm Too Happy Right Now, Next Week Will Make Me Happier!!!
Great! “: YAY! Tammy Duckworth has won the Democratic primary in #IL08. Congratulations ! #why2012”
HUGE CONGRATS to who was just awarded tenure at Occidental College!! Yayyyy!!
Check out science of Iv-7 at www.sandibailey.iv7direct.com 1st EPA approved germ defense in 30 yrs; Anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral.
Today in 1998, Brandy hits #19 in the UK with 'Never S-A-Y Never'.
Something seriously wrong how people can hate their party's candidate, & still say that it's a 100 times better than the other party's guy.
A 21st century problem...watch tv, listen to my ipod, or play ps3...screw it, I'm watching Thundercats! (On the Tivo...)
I'm doing Good. What have you been up Too?
ok that's a fucking great name for a bloody. What's it got for a garnish? a lobster head?
I can already tell its gonna be another SLEEPLESS Night :p the thunder and lighting is starting up strong :/ this means i cant be online:[
Yay! You should do it!
you're cheese
I used to think that my spirit animal was the deer. But now I'm pretty damn positive that it's the highland cow.
The Skywalk at Shiodome in Tokyo is awesome! - futuristic - what the Highline wants to be
Ewe! Be careful!
RT : RT : We are here at the W Austin on #DodgeDartDrive #Motorama LIVE participants sharing our 1st drive...
Welcome to twitter world.Best way to do business and stay in touch.
Everytime I look up, there is somebody different staring at me...
so...who wants to write this paper for me?
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrity Marriages of 2011 (PHOTOS) On the seventh day of Celeb-mas, Celebuzz gave to me . . . seven stars a-mar
Newspaper capped Gold in the Journalism Olympics, and now time for #AVENGERS. good day is good.
i might need to reevaluate my predication after only 2 games? Rough start.
It's been a while nice seeing you too!!!
AH SNAP!
I think bro...was he wearing them?
Hedi Slimane PDC is so incredible. Plus, the projected loop of photos had a backing score by No Age and Ariel Pink. A++
i cannot win this. i quit
“: Never play leap frog with a unicorn” Lmao
that mean nothing lol
You can blame the Founding Fathers for a lot of things, but you can't blame us for the Kardashians.
Advocates Cam Weaver & Gordie Guist are speaking about research participation at the Maine APDA annual #Parkinson's symposium
#wssmiami "Systemize your business so someone else can come in and running." Jody Johnson
n'aww. make sure you kill him before he kills you then XD
Start making your plans for this Thursday's ride! It might be the last of the season & it's going to be mid 70s and sunny! You gotta come!
You could of invited me in for a cup of coffee at least! It's tough going door to door.
#ThrowBackSongs I'm Inlove With A Stripper by T-Pain
If it were up to me I'd just post the one tweet introducing you all to the products.
we will miss you but that is exciting!! 👶👶
Workforce: HR needs help in engaging "creatives." But if success with one company, then it can go viral.
please let me know what two big fish are out there
Phone dying! Ill c yal whenever. ;)
haha yeah. Some picture right?
We always blame society, but we never stop to realize, we are society.
Its already been a year? damn.. seems like yesterday the nado hit..
Glad has a new book. The Other Normals takes on D&D #harperfallpreview out in Oct but I have an ARC
wow! congratulations!
N da car bagn the purple tape s/o to
Drew Brees, amazing! Please start talking about him in the same breath as Favre and Manning. That image of he and his 1 year old - memorable
Meant to say current and FUTURE authors. Former authors welcome, too, of course!
Congratulations to Bulls on another great win against Pacers!
Forget the win, I just want us to score a run!
YOU GOT THEM BANDS SO GO AHEAD..SHOP JUST FOR YOUR MAMA!!!!!..NOT YOU!...
Hearing a helicopter around Station North for a while now...
Spring Obey hit the shop today- stay tuned for photos!
that's so close to me! If I didn't have this midterm I'd come hang!! Let's hang soon, tho!!
Can't wait for you to join us! RT Exciting news: I got a new job! I will be new Marketing & Communications Coordinator
happy birthday shortie
I seriously can't wait until summer. Catching up with friends and spending time with the ones I love is only one week away! 💗😊
The day had arrived for game day is here
"Over the river and.." is now the theme song to my life. Back to Cambridge!
Thanks for the tip about Renaissance Soul. I put it on my wish list immediately!
i shoulda went to the game...
use my pic for your next cover
"Well done is better than well said."
It’s going to be weird still checking Facebook when I’m 70.
literal bricks
Sleep? Whats that? Lol ": No sleep comes to a hard worker"
DK please get back together before the 5 of u girls make a fool out of yourselves& destroy the little bit of pieces that was once ur career.
We also need sponsors #Milwaukee! If your business would like to sponsor a television show about Milwaukee Music:
I know, agents/editors are probably on it already. Yuck. I know that is one book I will never read.
Off to Easton to talk bag bill with MD
yo I gotta 2 bedroom 1and 1/2 bath two story in middle of no where Rockhold KY 84000! ha need to buy nkotb tickets for wife
okay, thanks for answering!
I wish it would be summer ALL YEAR LONG! IT'S SO FINE TO BE RUNNING AROUND WITH SHORTS ON ALL YEAR!!!
love you wifey
Just order it! :)
Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people
Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ...
RT : Share generously. Value in creators, but also value in connectors. Don't keep tally of help given. Always give.
I such do that... Learn english
Welcome to the #teamPSE family !
Stop by inside to check out some FAB MP original art! 9pm
we just do it for fun
Live plants are not necessary for fish but make best looking tanks. #Aquarium plants = gardens - require care and trimming.
“: You ladies were fantastic at tonight's championship rally! Great job! You were all as gorgeous as ever!” THANK YOU!
people still use the term "cakin" for talking on the phone?? Oh
I love my life.
haha im joking! i would never take a girl to mcdonalds......on the first date.
Looking at a couple of histories of The Royal Society created 350 years ago. So many books so little time!
Huge house fire on the 500 blk of point springs, NW BEXAR CO.
What are your thoughts on #TUFLive ?? Awkward format.
I'm addicted to Draw Something...
I'm feeling adventurous tonight
...and if you don't have any gay friends that's just weird. The ghey is ubiquitous! And you should be able to make friends with any good ppl
Just here... Chilling... Tweet me
Freaking out
hehehe yes we kiss squirrels! you're too sweet. Thanks so much dear!
WANT TO GO TO THE WINTER GAMES IN VANCUVER? CHECK OUT OUR OLYMPIC RAFFLE HERE www.denversports.org
Store-bought Knock Around Susan cookies - My Specialty!
Thanks. Hope so too.
I told my sister I love lee taemin more than her, so she said " I hate yo bitch ass" LOOOL.
today's to do list: coffee, job 1, job 2, spa appointment. it will all be worth it.
Awesome!! Eating supper!!
who fight saturday? I can get it over here
#tylerthecreator I mean who are you? You fucking suck man go home to mom and live it up becuz thatz the last award Ur getting.
I'm so happy I know about you and ! Believe it or not, you guys make me smile EVERYDAY. Thank you. Love you!<3
After all that, they're still Candy. Need to worry about getting of first weekend in the real tournament.
The best part about Friday morning is plotting your outfits for the weekend. What are you ladies and gentlemen thinking for the weekend?
Congrats to Judith Light on her Tony Nomination for 'Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play'!
we got caught up in some stuff... We're gonna come 2mar
We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves 2 others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves
|#quotes You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
If I was at all decent at or interested in softball, I'd form an all-bisexual softball team and name it the Switch Hitters.
#Kman has gotten to the point where he won't let Mrs. GL get him out of bed without a hassle
“: Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers” ~ !!!!
why thank you!
"flash website? Boo.." I know. It's stupid, the flash. I haven't come up with a suitable alternative; ie. new website.
Just tweeted to the UW leaders conference about what we heard from community on their aspirations. Send us your ideas and we'll share
haha I need to grab MADISON
I never thought about it either. Kind of scary - have bookmarked for further study. TKS, !
Had a great time with and the rest of the Piper's World crew! This movie is gonna ROCK!
no problem miss (:
&& I think its ridiculous that I let myself treat everyone else like they the ones who did it to me.
Well I had a great day off. I worked out at the gym. Zumba ckass was awesome,
"Derry": A borough of northwest Northern Ireland, or what you type when aiming for "sweet" with your left hand fingers one key off :)
Join the all Exclusive Class For Ladies Only! Take a Ladies Styling and Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at Just Dance Studio 7pm.
If the #Mavs aren't going to care about this series then I guess won't either
Driving in a downpour is one thing. Add idiot Greensboro drivers to the mix... And I could pop off at someone right now!!
Not always.#opendata ≠ panacea 4 fixing public/government civic engagement pipeline. Apps R often band aids 4 bad gov tech.
Don't you hate when a conference speaker asks, "Is there anybody here who doesn't know about ___?"
HAH. You're lying cause they filmed it in February :P
JOHNNY FUCKING STOKES FOLLOWS ME AND @ REPLIES ME ON MY NEW TWITTER [] :D and he replies me first. i win.
Turned on TV this morning which was tuned to SciFi channel and this infomercial for magicJack was on. Pretty amusing.
smuggling with my kitty is my fave past time!
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1977 The Band's "Last Waltz" premiering in NYC featured performance by Muddy Waters
#CNNTrayvon shld think 2 ask Black fathers, themselves victimized by these concerns, how they prepare their sons for the same experience!
Sigh of relief as Brewers see ticket sales rebound. Would have been nice to be oblivious to this whole thing.
IM SINGLE CUZ I REFUSE TO PUT UP WITH BULLSHIT!
Victor Perlman (ASMP): "universal does not automatically equal free; access doesn't equal use." Real or Not Real?
BRRRRRRR! it be frosty in the OKC! bunkered down and watching bo diddley video :) see you at VZDs this Fri 2/4 w/ Planets Align
I wanna be a lost boy.
Everything is targeted to the 18_34 demo...Mark Pedowitz
": Bismack Biyombo, great game, finally." Boris Diaw, bad game, predictably.
When blending fruits & veggies, secret to best drink is ADD 1/2 c water & 4-6oz yogurt if possible! Also use SOME ice or frozen ingredients!
Chinatown haircut was a total success. Not much else in NYC I'll ever find for $4.
Runyon's done now time to hit the weights!!
I think Ima go back to sleep for awhille before I have to go to work
I bet you can't wait.
What was it?
loves everything about his wife: her hair, her style, the loves she gives (me & my children) & her smile. She is truly the love of my life!
We need to have a slap a #tcot #gop conservative day - anyone who calls themselves a gop deserves to get a slap.
Thanks for the follow ! Happy Friday!
you spelled it wrong? Lol
haha thanks bud
Sorry about misleading you. Glad you got the book anyway and hope you like it. Thanks for letting us know.
Nora, read that KIND OF BLUE was a good Michael Connelly read-alike #ewgc - Corwin is former LAPD
Follow our guitarist hes trying to get more followers than Chris. :)
#ifyouknowmeyouknow That I got some mean MJ moves on the dancefloor
Another day another dollar
hahah I'll add u to list of ppl that will make that an excuse if lebron wins title...compact season he got stronger...
My moma gonna have the nerves to call me after she left me homealone , she asked me if I smell dead people?? Wtf MOM IM HOMEALONE & IM SCARY
Better be happy , I'm cleaning my entire apartment in anticipation of your arrival tomorrow. Get excited!!!!
Ss can whittle the bust of a historical figure from a bar of soap & explain how history would change if weren't there!
I was right there with her! went to the mound of bullshit that is the White House Correspondents Dinner
You can change the sync settings in iTunes to leave your phone loaded apps alone! I can download apps from my phone or itunes
Gonna go out on a limb and say your new cover story will be one of your biggest. Way to make Portland crap itself together!
My avatar looks like a female? Are you serious? haha how is that possible, I'm basically bald!
Sushanna Williams and me went out for a networking dinner and will have monthly meetings from now on...
NFL Network > ESPN in draft coverage
Just got the most amazing news !! That's all I can say right now. But I am honored, blessed and that's all I can say right now.
Is it just me, or is Paul MaCartney turning into Julie Andrews?
hey there sexy canuck! I kinda like "x-rated Tat". Ur beautiful and sexy! Don't b afraid 2 show it! Just my opinion.
No Matter What.....
You people are the best 1,415 people ever. You should come see us live: AEthereal @ Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ For The Foxes and...
What are some of your favorite ways to stay motivated during #physical #therapy?
RT : My belief is that the organizing session for #thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers. Now you're in.
shiid it don't matter
Good morning Fam and God bless.
#statefair grounds are scarier now than when they held the halloween haunted house.
“: I don't want another nigga bitch no no no no sharing”/!!!! Vice versa doe
Holla! My favorite tune right now lol
RT : awesome i won an nice award at < which award
It could. Functionally it's a good feature. The criticism stems from the increased strain on already bogged down networks.
Obama: Republican budget a "Trojan horse, thinly veiled social Darwinism...a prescription for decline."
Come watch the State of the Union address at the brewpub. We can at least agree it's awesome that the Obamas are brewing beer!
Happy anniversary to Harvard Sailing Team's very own & (Yes, they are REALLY married.) Have a time, you two! xoxo
anyone still rent movies
I'm hungry
I'm thinkin I'm gonna warm up my : Sir Mikol Mode today
Two words: Rachelle Ferrell. Why am I late to her phenomenal talent?!
Bunch: While #culturalmuseums are of a particular culture, must also show that their history cast a greater shadow beyond their communities.
We try not to ask you guys to #RT much, but please help us get the word out that we have an opening for a lead guitarist.
FOLLOW You will be happy you did!
RT Prototype to revenue stream: Reynolds Fellow starts multiple social journalism sites based on fellowship project ow.ly/62YiH
someone's gotta have your back. Nick's got mine <3
that does sound like something both of you would do
Yummy! We will be eating that meal for my 32 Birthday in South Beach in July!!!!!! Oh, yeah!!!
Svr. wx threat looks to stay south of WI with the weekend storm at this point.
bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes.
Why does that happen
TGIF! We are about to enjoy the first nice weekend in a while! Happy #Mother's Day and #Fishing #Opener! Wake up with the !
Happy B-Day! Oh, and bring a fire extinguisher to the show ;)
Amo a los Jonas ;) . PROBLEM ?
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.
You are awesome. Me too, easier to stay home. Less drama.
!!Teen Hoot Artist contest!! If your video has been posted on Youtube prior to April 22, it will not be approved for the contest.
Thanks for the follow, guys. I love what you are doing with IndySphere for small businesses in Indy.
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
nigga i dont wanna "talk" to you. why are you still tryin to get with me and asking my friend if you can talk to me?
says 50 kids to a classroom, no matter what their color, that's not going to work.
Your brain is 80% water.
This guy's really good. Knows how to bring it. He could be the next president. /via
Darling,i love you more than you can imagine ! i love you i'm fine and you?
My heart is broken.
with Tracy and Thomas
Currently in the works: adding support for donations. On deck after that: subscriptions & memberships.
Some Amazon parrots are cuddlier than others. Most of it depends on how they are raised as a baby and how they've been treated since...
Check the date 2/12. Only 1 week left for your State inspection!!!
GOOD MORNING GMA!!!
If #TorontoFC doesn't win this series, I doubt I'll watch anymore of the #CONCACAF Champions League.
oh my God! I saw that on Facebook!
Hey-o Gatsby, thanks for the shout out!
Catlan (bari player) claims that the Greek chicken sharwarma is like a luxury taco!
I already know that's y I said I respect his grind!! His music just tear me up inside!!! I mean it hurts!!!! Lol!!!
Bradie Ewing () drafted by the Atlanta Falcons!! Congrats Bradie!!
Yay! I keep forgetting I'll see you so soon. That makes me happy.
Our event at the HOSA competition didn't go so well.
No parkin' on the dance floor. Beep-Beep. Beep-Beep.
that's sad lmao
What a FAIL
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
If ur not born awesome, u will never be. I'm awesome, and so is and
Getting ready for the show. I have I more painting to do in less than one week!!! Can he do it!!!?
Dang that's bold
Having a complete strategic picture of your strengths and weaknesses in the market is vital to
Planing a trip to new york
Yeah it's something all right
Tasting the Mission Bowling menu at the Noise Pop slash The Bold Italic event, and it's off the hook!
's the fan club is at
0. I'm doing so badly. 3534 out of 4446.
yes! I'm newly obsessed “: Anyone on DrawSomething wanna play? :P”
Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not. So each is inevitably disappointed.
*cricket cricket* Good thing you're pretty.
what ever arguing on twitter doesn't make y'all cool and shit duh💂💀 thug bones... Lol
"Textbooks & passively listening to teachers are a thing of the past." Jean-Claude Brizard, CEO Chicago Public Schools
I'll get out of my pajamas.
oh yea lol just the 4x1. We got 2nd
don't forget the Lauras :)
That was my nephew that just caught the homerun with one hand at the Braves game!!
Any parties this weekend i can go to???
If I tweet about twitter, am I metatweeting?
Love it - congrats! Endless storylines...
Waiting for the garbage truck to leave so I can record my VO audition!!! Boo garbage truck!
Coffee shop = day care center.
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
I love
sorry misread it. I do think the Broncos wanted no part of that circus
i will be watching
<3 you inspire usRT : You guy's are mentioned in my 8th grade graduation speech <3
I dropped my laptop off the boat.. Its a dell rolling in the deep[;<3
thanks for the follow! MCDM is a great program.
very true. Still the best show on tv.
Dear Researcher, How do you occupy my reading room for 5 hours without leaving once to go to the bathroom or eat?
I just had the same 'oh crap' reaction. Oh well.
Without my students I wouldn't be able to live this life that I love! I'm grateful to get to share what I've learned so far.
she loves him! #TeamJef!
I always thought Reggie Bush was a type of weed.....
that means your fuckin with lames!
Most hybrid buyers don't buy another one, Polk study says Almost two-thirds of U.S. hybrid buyers returning to the market in 2011 chose s
I wear a PGA tournament style jacket and wear a leprechaun hat all night. Gets ALL the ladies.
How have you been Sam
We've extended our Free crown moulding offer again. Call us to take advantage of this great deal. Free Crown Moulding installed in your home
Is it me or is M. Millen talking about Luck like he's his agent?!
Great conversation on social media mc'd by right now. He's a smart guy. From Louisville.
Please do leave a review if you've read one my pieces either on Amazon, Barnes n Noble, Goodreads, Shelfari. Thank you!
"Indianapolis - we cater! Our service is affordable, easy to carry out and Chef John can make food other than Italian. Call us: 317.264.3585
Musical excerpt from Max Understood by Michael Rasbury.
sorry to hear AG, your family is in my thoughts today!
there are the Original people in this world. Then there are the people that quote movies and TV shows. I'm going to start quoting my own.
After last year I would hold out
Never really understood why people put hashtags on Facebook? 😒
It's eleven and I'm not tired at all. When did I get so hardcore?
Oh my God, this is insane.
I'm so pissed! Missed a picture opportunity with Antoine Dobson watching himself in the bed intruder video. He is the coolest dude.
just finished my last
North Carolina- you better not disappoint tonight...hate to have the President revoke your statehood...
RT Hippie has an iPhone. Doesn't that run counter to the ethos?
We should get something trending about cam and biebs!
War has made me very PARANOID! and when you get to eye-balling me, makes my Agent Orange act up, makes me want to KILL!
Tammy got adopted yesterday! She is a lucky greyhound!! I will mix her
The hits keep coming today... Gonna hit back.
Wiz get caught with weed it's a slap on the wrist anybody else get fucked over
Seeds hold through to the semis at the #CAA Tournament. Drexel/ODU & VCU/Mason on Sunday. Should be electric in the Richmond Coliseum Sun.
Jammin' to some ;; f*ckin' right.
Buy mom something that will grow all summer long, a heirloom plant! Mother's Day Plant Sale 5/11-5/13
it's tremendous!
My house smells so bad!
foam rollers and ice baths. definitely a romantic night for us last night
it's all sparkley! & purple. :D
OH MY POTATO its so flackin hot out :/
SEPT 4TH IM GONNA BE AT LQ GIVING YOU THE BEST HOUSE, LATIN AND REGGAETON BEATS KNOWN TO MAN. FREE ADMIN ALL NIGHT BIGGEST PARTY IN NYC.
Preparing now to catch Jon Bones Jones in the big UFC match tonite. Sports Bar in Towson. U there, come holla!
Pretty sure I tweeted about our game against Grant a couple times. xP
One of my favorite things about softball, is praying while the anthem plays, gives Me and God a good moment to just talk.
Last flight of the yr w/ ! Tons of flights this yr with #SouthwestAirlines! I should be passenger of the year! #seriously!
Them middle school kids ratchet.
I think we should start a new trend and
There are a lot of people that I have met on the world wide web, who I hope, will never breed.
"I'm rattled."
not very excited about the Bravo move. I think he could be of more help for SKC than for Cruz Azul, both my teams :/
Im so happy to finally get this off the ground.
Stop trying to be something you are not and stick to being something you are..
Thank you Jesus for sending us Cody Zeller!
"Its better to try and fail, then never have tried at all."
I know the square root of 69...it's 8.30662386.
Stevie wonder, Donnie Hathaway, Peabo Bryson, Brian McKnight, Dave Hollister, Joe, and a few others!
it depends on the project. sometimes both.
Traffic...ugh.
I am so jealous of that dinner! Looks like has made something delicious...AGAIN!
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I just realized my girl works at jimmy john's sanwiches.
youu worrying about dying or when the world ends
In Tuscon you can't wear pants? Isn't that law unconstitutional?
Wade, LeBron & Co. are about to get it in against the Pacers...
This is GREAT! I want to RT but it won't let me. Please enable your tweets to be retweeted! What's up with that? LOL
Im so happy That It did!
We see what you did there. Favorited and RT'd. :) ^SZ
WHY CAN'T I SEND MMS AHSGAHFAJAFWJS D
you didn't forget you just didn't get up to give hunter the money lol
Arias hit by Guthrie in what looks like his left wrist. He's leaving the game.
*slide you the gun*
Why, party last night
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get. Dave Gardner
Oh my. Kanye is here for
Cafeteria sushi was a terrible impulse decision this morning
if you like to cook, you should make this :-). cc:
see you soon
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind ~Dale Carnegie
Come on #GatorNation let's go!
at tonight! shoe drive. Get here early, not many tix left!
National Weather alerts goin' off like crazy
LTS end of semester study breaks are coming May 7th. Come join us in the libraries for therapy dogs, graffiti walls, and more!
heard dat. 1800 fb friends, 188 twitter followers - its gonna be difficult to spread my messages
working on using "smart graphics" rather than the pretty yet meaningless clipart you usually get in powerpoint presentations-LOEX in 4 days!
Hungry with a headache :(
Absolutely. We want to hear from everyone, whether you were able to join us today or not.
what happens here, stays here.
“: Why does every person on #TheVoice have to have a sob story?” Its just good television Tara, you just cant change the channel
Don't ignore me and only come to me when you need something. Because next time... I won't be there.
thx for the direction;)
RIP Maurice Sendak
following up with you re: our interview outside Daily Buzz this morning over "current guy trends: hot or not?"
satcy! :O i'm shocked you tweeted such vulgar language!
Happy National High Five Day
It was horrible.
Well, the semester must be ending soon. Civil War prof is lecturing on Sherman across the hall.
Awesome! Best of luck to you too =)
trying something new .
if you feel like breaking down, try nicorette. Sounds gross, but it helps in those tough moments. Good luck!
First day of school today for my 1st grader and preschooler... what are some of your 'first day of school' memories?
great track!
Great! That's what college is about. Good friends and good times. :)
😂😂😂 finally found hAppiness
Yeah! Have a FUN weekend shopping and enjoy! Any dresses in mind? (I LOVED dress shopping...)
Making a Christmas Eve run for beer and toilet paper.
Robertson's wonderful to have. But "replace Rivera." No one can, of course. What a horrible morning for baseball.
Retwret this if you listen to music!:) he is frekin amazing!<3
right?? 5 notifications and all about events.
I'd take Jeff fisher over Vince young anyday, Fisher is a great coach, Young is a headcase. Easiest desicion to make ever
Hope all dads had an AWESOME WEEKEND! Check out our FACEBOOK page to view pics of our event this weekend.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
YAY you finally tweeted. LOL an wht a wonderful tweet it was. Tht is some deep ish!!!
Zoltan from Dude where's my car
Honestly Family Guy is so stupid but so funny.
The guy is so freakishly bad at hitting he was 0-8…which is only slightly better than someone who has no arms. but somehow gets a win
Had a nuts night
I laughed so hard at that tweet, I choked! xD
Especially the big 3 to end the half! They got buckets last night
OK, I'm done with "_____ Spring."
Police are mum on the details but we are digging
At this point let's bring Flynn in and move Rodgers to running back.
Justin baby, you're hot. Follow me? (':
Texas-Baylor is on ESPNNews will #UH game is over, folks.
thx! Love working with y'all RT: just received the Apr What a great, great issue
I wonder if sprint is gonna give me a free week for all the calls and text that wouldn't go thru downtown this week ....
hello!! did you take your time out today?????
Have a story of injustice 4you! Man with 1 arm who worked for 2 biggest companies in Amer. 16yrs,and how they are *^$#ing him!
White people who have dreadlocks should get the same sentence in prison as those who are caught human trafficking.
Game Time!! Lets go Oklahoma!!
Tweet away! Looking forward to hear how it works for you! RT : Thanks for the advice on tweeting. Very helpful!
are you coming back
Wow! Come join in on the conversation on Twitter and #ShineYourDivine!
Check it out! New Morning Blend blog post from Anders Norberg at Umea University in Sweden. www.blendedlearningtoolkit.org.
Our tutors at John Muir Elem. are lucky to be so close to ! All kinds of delicious food and cute shops there.
ha! Made it to Nashville mayday.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.What you've got to do is turn around and say "watch me"
Thank you Mayor Booker for stopping by on Thursday and acknowledging the importance of Aljira's enterprise in downtown Newark
Cursing the additional snow falling right now.
This migraine is eating my brain! Gaaahhh #can'tsleep
Hey 22,190 friends..lol Is there anybody left on myspace? Well if anyone is listening. Makaras Pen has a new song up called "Sixfouronezero"
lol that was at Pikes Place Market Seattle at my photo shoot with Robert Knight. I don't really put my feet on tables
he is actually presenting this morning to a group of Guidance Counselors...want me to pass along a memo?
Exactly! Are you seeing them in 2013?
what chu doing ?
Doing more lucid dreaming lately. I always wonder why my dreams are so sparsely decorated.
Drop cable and switch to douche
It's sad that "real" Britney Spears died years ago, but the cyborg replacing her is gonna be judge on one of them singing shows!
Program Committee at MSA is interested in "poster/booth" slots for DH projects
great comedian tonight! What is his name?
Niall has a tattoo. Niall. Has a. Tattoo.
Our goal is to raise & distribute $10,000 for Autistic families in need of services in Indiana. Can you help us make this happen?
We met at #mw2012 You made a list of resources for small museums/galleries at the "Big Idea" breakout. Is there a link?
could't agree more. Little brother is right.
reaches out to strategically grouped bloggers and blog communities depending on news or product focus.
Pre conference survey + interesting data + great infographics = brand exposure + leads + earned media
bro are you going to that party tonight?
I didn't do it :/ he's dumb.
my hands smell like cat treats.
Yup! No Problem
RT : Beer Snob Alert: Monroe's n #Pittsford has their own brew that's very hoppy, but goes down easier w/ every sip.
the post offices are losing money because in 2006 Bush/congress passed an act, that requires the USPS...
what do you have
": dont call me if you boring !", im not lol.
thanks for the mention, I had a lot of fun with the theme :)
do it
Remember to take the time to listen.
Congrats to rushy26 - you will be seeing on Thurs ! Our reps will DM you! See you in a few days!
is pretty nice, I don't blame you! No problem, enjoy.
I'll finally feel like a kid again come Christmas weekend! Jets vs Giants on Saturday & 5 NBA games on Sunday! DON'T WAKE ME, I'M DREAMING!
Tell to follow you :p
It's really THAT fucking annoying
live to catch people or live to accidentally make them happen?
We make a solid effort during each home game weekend. Actually a road game or two a year as well.
too much strangeness going on right now...the stars must be up to no good o_O
Hello! Got info from rena :)
Listening to "Monster" by Skillet. Love this song too.
Apparently falling down is the new foul? Lame
Q : "What tools do you use to i.d. influencers?"
Girls don't ever get that you're his girlfriend, and they NEED TO FUCK OFF.
we're already past that
Sounds like sabotage to me!
its not funny yu terd lol. but i like that i can leave any class jst to go to sleep
and that's why I unfollowed you!!!! HAHAHA
Doing my Uri Geller impression..bending spoons for a Black and Tan party tomorrow
could you pleasee say happy birthday to my best friend !? HE LOVES YOUU !
AMEN! That dude is giving NO credit for the Clippers.
you can always use the task manager within chrome to see what's all running.(:
and last, but not least, #FF ! :)
Maybe a dark grey background?
you talking about that ad on tv, or real life?
Here in America, people return or exchange gifts, and shop for bargains all over again. In this eternal frenzy, life still happens.
My critique of the "Gorbachev factor" for the end of the Cold War? It includes the phrase: the 'pendulum effect' of Russian leadership.
LOL. I love you cuz... & I'm very proud of you.
Bob_Cornelius thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
"The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes."
Down to 2700 bc people play fabulous
To all my people waiting for some electro mixes. More are coming soon!
Okay! I'll send it on Tuesday or Wednesday probably
have you checked monster or temp agencies? Is there a particular area that you are looking at?
Congrats. Well deserved. :)
grumpy again I see. I just got back from Bermuda and I am SMILING!
omg tell me about it!!!
Nod to , #Chipchura was FANTASTIC making decision on goal possession.
RT : thank you! love you too! RT : We love , well done on you :-)
Not feeling ANY holiday spirit :(
Jim Tressel's vest of shame.
At work still sore from my thighs!
Another great productive Team Meeting!!! stay tuned!!!
Like boxers?!
lewis copeland at the stage!! tonighhhhhhhhhhhhhhttttttttttttttt don't let any rain or snow ruin a good night out dt! :)
(︶︹︺) ☞wanna get added to a list so you can gain followers faster? (¬_¬)☞follow then reply DONE.. ☞HURRY I'M WATCHING☜!!
no problem honey lamb!
Slow&steady. RT : Forced creations die quickly.
I love life so much right now
“: oh Tae I don't deny it I know im crazy lol” 😭😭😭 ok that's good
A brief conversation with the right person can greatly help - or hinder your speaking and info marketing success.
i'll be in dc later yo
Ppl say I'm sneaky.....but it's just that I can do watever I want bcuz ppl would never expect it to me ;)
We love you back
Don't sweat the small stuff
Benvenuto a Twitter my friend
#AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU's main goal is to create a social commnty of future colleagues-asynchronous courses, but new content wkly
grinding just opened up a t shirt slash photo company
Omfg. I keep thinking its Sunday!
1 hour delay tomorrow:) so happy to sleep in!!!!!
nice work on the social media score.
thanks for visiting us in CITYCENTRE yesterday!
Great story on black union workers & the super bowl. Rock!
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
join the club :/
How is reading analyzing/reading poems gunna help us with the final!
shit so would I or anyone else. There was no reason to follow that kid.
Dream has turquoise hair,Cookie purple,Lil H Wood mary jane green & Momma Sticky as a sizzling Blonde, Rainbows & Me Awe CCMAMA
Check us out on facebook slyder football
Sounds like an awesome plan! RT : lets hit up some games this year and drink at
Want to meet some amazing servants? Check out and We felt the love today.
What's up tweeter how we feeling today good I hope
next time use the seashells.
Im on a boat hahaha jk im on the couch
Are you taking advantage of all your #Microsoft EA Benefits?? Realize all the benefits of your agreement!!
thanks for voting fam!
I think enough time has passed from the "Beef just to Beef" era to bring back quality Rap Battles in Hip Hop! It keeps MCs HUNGRY!
I love big butts just came on z104>>>>>>>
Layin down chillen, listening to #pandora wassup twitter world!!!!!!
What is her problem?
Baby can I get a refill?
HELP!! My guitar stopped working mid-jam! Aw damn. My other one works fine so I know its not the amp!
People knocking for "too little too late" are nuts. Once a bigot always a bigot - no one's mind was getting changed.
u know!! Lol
Dear Die Hard. You rock. Especially when that guy was on the roof. P.S: Do you know Mad Max?
YEA THAT BOY WALLACW SAID "FUCK YA" TO THE BRONCOS FANS HAHAA
omg thank you bb! i thought you wasnt gunna like it lol
Question: How is it already almost midnight?!?
yeah we have an acct with Dolce. We don't have a big selection but I can order it if you get me a model #
SDCH to distribute toys+food to 1,300+ kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17 from 12 to 3p.
dropped my iPod on the ground,when I picked it up it wouldn't turn on. Then I realized I turned it fully off before I dropped it.
Don't forget Dennis Green's tirade!
Finally at Glen Cove Mansion! I love this place!
Wow, so you studied with the founders of the CART algorithm! That is very cool.
Just opened the door for Chad Ochocinco.
Today, Homeward honors Tonya Harris, our veteran on staff, and all veterans working to find stable housing.
welcome back to the US! Good luck in Denver! NY still got love for u!
Philly vs Pitts is ridiculous. Are there going to be enough players left on the bench to finish the game?
missed ya last night. What'd the doc say?
Derek Jeter found that fountain of youth. With the help of indiana Jones of course
“: Did you run into any fans... Or ladies with a shopping cart full of bagels and cream cheese? ;)” LOL!(:
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. Erma Bombeck
i hate cancer
I've been pretty funny today.
HeyHey :) Im gonna get off for a while, keep following & i follow back :)
If Aerosmith were a magazine, and I received it for free, I would still unsubscribe.
I will be contacting authorities in San Francisco and New York & demanding that an investigation be started immediately
Amazing Production Broadcast Team at #CompSea12 Best of the Best: ... Stellar ...
and are doing Denver together next month! Have you heard the new record?
RT That was a pretty dramatic showdown w/ Councilman Carl Stoke not budging on bottle tax.
I'm going on Friday here! Seether will be there too! I don't like the opening band My Darkest Days. No me gusta cock rock!
Excited for the 4th Tech in Ed Conference today! Great lineup of sessions. Topics for everyone.
you need to pick up your gift card!!! :)
yes sir it is... Saying the same crap everyday. Lol.
Thank you for the follow. Am happy for the
what you mean no
I ain't said shit to u this what yo dude created I didn't know about four mouths ago so why u mad at me
Kos vs daley = worst fight of the night but the punch after the fight was over was totally uncalled for
Damn. RT : The final Loud and Local on is on in one hour. Promises to be eventful.
Great things are coming my way :-)
according to my doctor. why was I even talking to him about my ass?
“: Yes. Really enjoyed Fantastic Mr Fox. Especially the PE scenes.” Hahah awesome
“: how did you like the ustream #RNGeezies? :-)” i wished you called me tho :(
In the criminal justice system, sexually based defenses are considered especially hanous, in new York city the dedicated detectives who..
awe have to watch an hr long health video to get my permanent health card
Follow !! Help her get to 800 followers :)
Start more quietly and build it up to match the intensity of the soloist, that will add a lot. Best.
My mom shouldn't talk...
I can find a reason to hang on. What went wrong can be forgiven. Without you it ain't worth livin' alone.
Happy 19th birthday to me :) another year of growing up and experiencing new exciting things..oh yeah and to party of course lol
There is time does not mean i am not going to be there every other time you need me. I Love You Babe..
I have a film that is number 1 on Amazon it's called I Think My Facebook Friend Is Dead check it out thanks tweet fans.
The roasted beans are ground and brewed in order to create that drink we call Coffee!
Thanks a lot!
gaining an iron long due to my polio.
caught." ~JC Watts
I'm getting on the children banning bandwagon and banning children from banning children.
How many days until the NFL starts?
can I ask you one too please man please!!:)?
You ever tested out a Roku?
Aeschylus~ When a mans willing and eager the gods join in.
Mackenzie sys that a lot but it always ends with "I am Chance Myers"
Yeah, is thinking about having a booth. First, I need to write some code.
Who's up?
for real!
in the building working on vocals
Tough loss to a good MTSU team tonight for the #Vols. Future is looking bright though.
Ill be ur late night hero ;)
Yes, and my students think I'm mean. Okay, not really. Which video? Human Spirograph?
“The visions we offer our children shape the future.” ~ Carl Sagan
I hate it when people can't walk in the sidewalk, they decide to walk IN the street 😒😠😡
The sky is pink. <3
. if your intent is to be humorous, then be funny, not infantile. your political analysis, however, is hilarious.
I just wanna thank god for letting me know all the beautiful and gorgeous women that's been at palo the past 4 years !
Joinin the ranks of the bridge 'n tunnel peeps...
-"Finish The Sentence" Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.. with? (#Yankees Related) Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com
will the Flyers consider Bob for Winter classic?
hey u haven`t talked to me except today when i was at the nurse i was sent home cause this girl jules got me sick
"Don't worry about a thing, every little thing is gonna be alright"- Bob Marley. Need some of this in my life.
i know - i wish this was everyday. Although I can easily see it being a slippery slope where I never leave my apt.
Preparing for a private screening of our film at The Lincoln Center http:www.petrginz.com
A special Valentine's Day Amish Monkeys tonight! Have a date? Bring one! Don't have a date? Check out the cute guy with the spiky hair!
SERIOUSLY. So many obnoxious people today at work. Sunday brings out the worst shoppers.
Omg , this side is looking at the game informer magazine talking about halo is orgasmic .. Hahahaha ,
You da man!
thanks ms smilia. Hope you had a great one too!
Hello Twitter!
RT : What are the great podcasts? I need some new ones.
not all men ....just most ....present tweeter excluded
Someone tweet for me and tell them to unmute me... Thanks in advance
