Iris needs work...but it's a start. It was created by Dexetra in 8 hours. Hopefully they keep at it.
fuck you, how was i supposed to know timberlands would ban me from the club
Im'a wise young man. Getting wiser as time passes.
Unless you're a Laker fan lol. RT : Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
we should compare notes ;-P
Let's keep in touch... would be cool.
Fuck that!!! Rofl :) go get the laptop! :)
Congratulations to the 10 Lucky Drawing Winners for the Free Ebook 'The EZ Guide To Successfully Achieving Your Goals'!
thanks Kassi! Unfortunately not, but I hope to meet you soon! :)
Family vacation is soon coming to an end. It was great having you all visit,whoody,pops and pig! Love you all!
use incremental affirmations "I'm in the process...
Exhausted after 8+ hours at the Book Festival--and more drama with our car!--over the past two days!
Oh wow - you are close! Thanks for the follow!
[7 - 1] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning. Houston Astros 7, Milwaukee Brewers 1
thanks for following me back :)
One's playing with Legos and I'm jealous.
Findlay sounds like my kinda place!
. Not at all...Research Reports are an essential tool that's missing from most software; software is individually based
City facing cuts on all sides - McMinnville News-Register City facing cuts on all sides McMinnville News-Register It calls for reducing t
Thanks for the Love :) We also have cake plates, servers, dessert trays, and cupcake stands! #Weddings &
“: I'm BSHU at the yard tonight” That's a lot of responsibility but I'm sure your representing us well.
Learn from the expert about how to navigate and understand healthcare changes and health insurance Order your book today 1 888 272 6110
proof. so they would have to prove that he was legally responsible for whatever they end up charging him with - we will
We need more spontaneous dance numbers.
Wow. It's a good thing our talk about microbes and carnivores didn't take any musical digressions!
Doh, I didn't think of the kittens! Or the puppies! Back to the drawing board...
amazop[;;; 1mk - HAPPY HUMPDAY FROM SHAYNA my in-laws cat- what is it about cats n computers-why do they love to walk on them??\\\WQQ2ERRD
Big things happening in Private beta. Getting a lot of good feedback.
We have a 42" LCD TV up for auction later tonight! Go over to www.DealShow.com now to get in on the action!
I'm in a workshop today with just in case you didn't already know .... She is brilliant:)
On 3/15/2012, City Council passed an ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers. Be careful as you finalize your taxes!
Getting ready to see Bat Boy (again) at
lol, sweet. I'll try to be #DTF more often then! Haha “: #dtf lmao!! Its ok I'll give you heads up next time ;)”
Just live free
Sittin here with someone who tellin me use to run the street hockey game . Dual sport athlete
A fitting rage.
Headaches are REALLY getting old! :(
Gracias! Love you! RT : Happy V Day!
DWIGHT HOWARD NEED 2 TAKE A PAGE OUT OF LEBRON'S BOOK AND TAKE HIS TALENTS ELSEWHERE F" BEEING THE MOST LOVED PLAYER
considering both of them are adoreable gingers? Yes, yes I am. ;D
Lol. Going to WC just seems like something you would do...
Felt so good to lay out by the pool! Round 2 tomorrow
Netflix on my ps3! Life=complete
CONGRATS! What's the position?
My window just broke.
Happy Birthday ! I love #patd and you! Hope you big 25 kiss amazing!!!
Yeah, are looking to get into producing and engineering? and I are partners
#Buffalo #NY native PAUL SAFY, JR. to guest star w/ #Rochester #NY native TERESE GENECCO at The Iridium NYC this Tues 2/21!
guess what I'm eating?!? WHATABURGER! :D you jelly Sarah? :D
#twittertools FollowCost: How annoying will it be to follow “username” on Twitter? Follow Cost measures how much people tweet.
It's beginning! Angie Kelley from gives background on
crazy bitches.
The truth doesn't make sense, the truth doesn't seem to make sense.
From what? ):
#Madonna put on a great #halftime show :)
We're coming to LA for a mini-tour at the end of the month. Stay tuned for details!
when i fall asleep i feel you with me. until i fall asleep and you are with me..
RT If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence -
I need that instruction manual on how u twisted that man put another one on top..trill shit
i'm an observer, sit back and let people discuss/argue is the way to go until i figure out the best approach. ALWAYS PR. duh.
Haha, sassy end to your pitch, very nice. Good luck! Great idea!
"Don't waist yourself in rejection or bark against the bad but chant the beauty of the good" ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
My pleasure - have a nice weekend!
"Heaven and Earth shall pass away" means they will not always exist as separate states. ACIM. THAT is what's happening in 2012 :)
I'm about to fall out of my chair 'cause of how tired I am.
Journalism, like other peculiar defects tends to run in families.
This morning I've got yummy House Blend and Costa Rican :) New artist Rafael Picon is amazing.
Thanksgiving is over, but our giving thanks certainly is not! We signed the lease and will be moving our studio in December!
glad you liked and are looking forward to the others. I'm excited to know a Ukelele player. :)
I'm watching The #PaulyDProject tonight on !! Of course :)
Love a productive monday where it's nearly 5 o'clock before I have a chance to look at the time, the best is yet to come!
Great afternoon of meetings yesterday w/ a potential PHC advisory board member & then partner. Exciting developments!
Happy Friday! Buy one Egg McMuffin and get another for FREE!
i just want to get as far away from here as i can
714 S 4th Street, 4th and Gass. Still downtown and so glad!
Mac miller and twitter waiting on
MT : Felony bribery charges added against #SUHSD boardmembers Ricasa & Quinones. Time for them 2 resign!
just inbox me ya number I FedEx to lol
right back at ya! Are you a #modelUN fan? #delegate?
Anyone have any thoughts to share on outsourcing a CTO?
Scoop up some for me ha
Clients are back from sailing on the new Disney Dream. Say they have turned into Disney snobs!
RT follow me thanks. Find me @ iamhealthyhair
awh man :( I wish I could give you a hugee hug smelly!
What to do? Ontological crises (a little deliberation and technology) or the joint session?
follow me back:)
rigging it hard for the#cHeat to win huh?
they said the wait was 30, but we just sat at the bar.
at least you're cute
are you still on the bus ?
So what's the alternative? A lot of people only have debit cards, & don't feel safe carrying cash.
YES! LOVELY meeting you and other WONDERFUL #GlutenFree #GF Peeps
Here's what I think: Apple will introduce an iTunes store for traditional print media.
the beginning/is for those that sleep
BOUNCE THAT BOOTY LIKE A SOCCER BALL !!!
ok now to the ranting!
There's some really serious lightning outside. Kind of dangerous.
#YouWereCuteUntil someone tagged u in their Facebook pic.
Already out. Made the 2nd best hand 4 times. Aj<a9 on aq9 to bust. Final shell Tom.
Dare I say...a "rapper's rupture"? And "danger"—how?
Your avatar is gorgeous!
Camping Lets You Experience What It’s Like Being Homeless Without Having Personal Commitment To The Lifestyle…
congrats on the new gig! Naughty!
It's like you know she with the roc , J.Cole ...
I can care less about there expectations.
Excited to be moving into my first house in Plainfield! Living with my brother is a different story lol
Rolling blackouts hittin the office today, I guess its just a foreshadowing of my weekend ahead in #ATX and our inevitable
goodnight handsome😘 love you!!<3
Thanks so much guys for playing freaking outta your skin at the ! Best live performance I've seen in a while :)
RT : You know what's awesome? Open Source.
I just want to stop feeling this way
RT : Josh Hamilton is 16th player in MLB history with 4-HR game; all 4 were 2-run shots with Elvis Andrus on base.
that was after it came out on the PC :)
Early meetings mean back to back I guess I could get used to this.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. ~Aristotle | Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Baby I'm ready to fall, but what about you??
After class tonight someone told us......"That was so much fun - your energy is infectious." This made us smile ear to ear!! THANK YOU!
me too
Going to be heading to good ol' West Virginia soon
Who's Still In Lawrence?
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen. ~ La Rochefoucauld
Chachi got OWNED. Ouch
#ThoughtsDuringSchool i wish i was rich
Happy Reshaping! What are you doing today to be healthy???
Literally not worth your time
Bought my cousin the best squirt gun today .. Then I bought another one so we could have a squirt gun fight lol
classier than a box. That's my personal preference. Haha
Not sure what Diablo is but it must be something good! Congratulations!?! Sounds like a brand of tequila....
Clearly you are not playing on your phone, with only your finger.
Huge baseball news - no no-hitters streak has been extended by the Mets!
Happy Birthday to my 1 only child Wendell Russell Jr. I love you son and today we will create memories at the Zoo.
Now you have my attention. :)
Is up drinking water. I haven't smoked since July I hope I pass this
"It's not beautiful but somehow beautiful I find myself in a beautiful place I believe I'll lose my soul" Why isn't it getting easier
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page ill follow. Back
"Half the #Truth is often a great lie." - Benjamin Franklin
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
I really need a vacation... So tired
naw... but dammn its time for me to go back to class
dang. mark your calendar for March 8th :)
lol, i'm having so much fun w/ twitter! my profile is @ the japanese gardens in bsas, and my background is at the beach in bsas!
Do you mind if I join the fight?
Taking a bath
ok thanks...let me know when u hear it
Faded way to long, I'm floating in n out of conciousness
Good morning Jennifer. Remember me? This is #karma! 7 year itch?!? I guess the 3rd time around isn't a charm for #J.Lo... poor thing...
Work up this morning not expecting to end up in a hospital bed
Need to find something to do tonight!
I'm here-text me after you're settled. I will probably be at Yay!
Im cashing in on my weekly nap today. Too tired.
Schneble's public speaking idea: students create paper bag puppets & then present in the 3rd person.
But first, they must be allowed to do their job. Carjackings kidnappings & killings have resumed
Ring in the New Year with me at Ginger Bay Cafe .....December 31, 2010. Live performance Mystic Soul featuring Gumption Band.
Thanks for using it. We'll see if we can speed it up!
My advice to restaurant owners, start with the most popular social media websites around – Facebook, MySpace, Multiply, etc....
maybe they could just let you borrow it for a week or two now :)
don't take it to heart
There is nothing more terrifying than stark whiteness of the blank page.
Iroquois senior Montez Buford signed with Rend Lake Junior College in Ina Illinois this afternoon.
Author Shonna Milliken Humphrey speaks about her new book "Show Me Good Land" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today! 12-1pm in the Rines!
sounds like my ideal day! Plus I'd probably be knitting...
About to watch The Addams Family and blk out!!✌GN
Thad Matta looks like he's playing
is back from a FANTASTIC trip to Montana - Glacier National park. Yah for National Park vacations.
But I assume the Rays favorite it Luke Skywalker?
hahaha and you did. I didn't realize how old that episode is!
#np Life's too short gotta live it long
just finished what may have been there best ever. Now it is time to check out
Holy -- what the hell happened to twitter while I was away? "New-New Twitter"?
Ugh! I just want to watch the rest of My Life As Liz, stupid slow computer!
remember those boys on the stairs? yeah, i miss them too.
Hey fans! and Poison announced their show here today! Tickets go on sale next Friday on for the...
this is such a beautiful picture, I absolutely love it :D
": #BUILDBrands #ONEofONE coming soon....Ladies Pay Attention..."
drop to the floor make that ass shake make the ground move thats an ass quake ,roll my weed on it thats an ass tray
I just got my free appetizer in Bricktown thank you for the nachos!!!
Walking to janaes, it's so nice out ( :
. on the power of #SocialMedia: "You shape your own voice. You create the image that you want people to know..."
much respect my friend
Planes? They don't wait! On the road now, headed north to Green Bay...
[talking from experience] When a girls pics are all her puckering a kiss = her trying to hide her chubby face #FACT JUST SMILE!!!
Great job on teaching us #marketers about 'The Change Formula' at
A guy who really loves u, sees what a mess u can be, how moody u can get,&how hard u are to handle,but, still wants u in his life.
seems like a nice enough fellow.
pan noodles with steak or the chicken noodle soup :)
U knw dem boyz #SK and dem girls r
you're not Canadian
We recently launched new Variety of Music page, visit www.tncnews.com
indeed I should.
Thanks for the mention!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..IM NOT GOING TO STOP TRYING..BUT I DON'T WANT TO SPAM YOU!!:(
I told dude I have a power strip in my bag too. That's just good *Camp etiquette though.
ILL send them to you love!
Really, it's a glorified calculator for cite. It's only good if u have an idea of what the answer is sposed to be.
Colleen better not be driving...
Many thanks for following - glad to be able to learn with and from you!
Tom Sheridan at Gathering. Politics is about passion. Need policy, politics and press. If your hair's on fire, don't pretend it isn't.
RT : RT : RT : We're proud to announce our new Webinar sponsor, Rimm-Kaufman Group
The awkward moment when you open the test and can't even answer the first question.
Between 14" of snow here and Internet blackout day, it's gonna be a quiet day today. . .
is anyone using Windows 7? Pretty solid system...
how u gone #FREE some1 u dont even know!!!! u dont even know what jail they in, u aint putting $ on they books! #STOP tryna be down!
phew wee ! :p
pickles needs to learn how to rotate. That selfish bitch.
Ha no worries! We're chillin at the table at the far right when you walk in.
#FridayFightAgainst cancer my friends auntdied when she was 10 with ovarian canceran it'sreally sad please pray for her?😘❤
Since both Claver/Freeland were drafted more than 3 years ago, rookie scale no longer applies. Have to use space to sign.
Sorry about the site being down, its back up now.
Next charity coming soon! Stay tooned. Invite all your friends to follow and help us help others.
BTW, follow for more Latin Music Fest coverage than you can handle tomorrow.
Sometimes life sends you these little gifts disguised as mishaps or mistakes. I think the answer is to embrace them use them.
I don't love that multiple pigeons keep landing around me and/or sprinting in my direction. Like roughly a million of them.
Is it just me or does Pitbull look like a pervert?
who song on the radio?
hit'n corners hard... fuck a lost cause...
Everyone is beautiful in their own secret ways <3 You just have to care enough to dig in & find it .
shout out to for saying yes lol.. I love you!
what is the one piece advice that you think is invaluable for a new band?
Some Kinda Hate.
I may just have to stop in sometime this weekend. Thanks for the welcoming.
WHAT UP FAM! FOLLOW BACK
via - Real-Life Stranger On A Train Less Interesting Than Hitchcock Version
oops. I meant to say gross. Better options were available.
yes I know nothing - picking up Need more info for sure
If Christ rose again he'd be ashamed of Perry and the way his "followers" oppress & hate gays. There's nothin christian about it.
first hand knowledge?
Back in the gym tonight...felt good.
I just keep listening to Red House Painters.
no mad planet?!
Listening to "Siberian breaks" by MGMT. go listen!
Thankful for people donating blankets, hats, gloves and scarves- even some beautiful hand-knitted ones!
“: good morning!!!”GM! have a nice day!
This is by far the best weekend <3
Early zoo at the with Fitting isn't it?! Cheetahs and flamingos!
when companies don't have a plan for using social media
RE Saudi's id'ing gays & tomboys: independent, in-depth, investigation by a voluntary Committee of Sheiks?
cold? This time tomorrow cold beer will be a luxury for the ultrawealthy and the survivalists.
has genital warts
followed him, he seems cool! :)
why do i know every word to "my humps"
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1960 #RoyOrbison recorded "Only the Lonely."
Digging jazz and reading through 's blog today. If only my music history teacher had based her class on The Rest is Noise.
Renovate Paint and Design - get a free estimate before the holidays: San Antonio, New Braunfels, Fair Oaks, Schertz, all areas in between
Up to early for a Saturday
An issue of me doesn't have arms, but you can take me wherever you go! Way better than a hug!
Good thing you walk to work :)
": Thrilled to hear that 90210 will be returning to the CW for season 5. Congrats, everybody!" oh Shit!!!!!
I have, but don't know them and am turning them down!
I have actually met "Da Truth".
Just realized because of the early call time I'll get food twice before breakfast is stopped...meaning
Missing my teddy bear at night
Thanks!! We tip our hats to & !
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Do people think joining the mile high club by yourself still counts? Perhaps why they still sell stroke mags in the gift shop though?
#JoshHamilton should always hit 3 hrs a night, I expect more
Jeremy Lin is done for the season with a torn meniscus in his left knee
I miss you too!!
Good question, but he really dun fucked up on that post.. He must have lost it.
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
but yet i still have to go restroom
Woot! My 600th tweet!! Preparing for #Italy by listening to a hilarious Berlitz conversational Italian CD during my commute. Learning lots!
Hafner starts off the bottom of the 9th with a solid double to center field.
no offense piers but perhaps u are pissed? I find our us footy so dead boring lol
#Smash is so inspiring. Now to find a celebrity with a peanut allergy to understudy.
I do that to myself all the time! haha good luck!!
thanks for helping promote
Department of monumental expectations and minute allocations-tech depts of most schools. Go to cloud.
Snow in the mile high...not gonna stop me.
I fucking hate this school....! We need a bomb threat...
RT : Just got ebook for #SAP #HANA Essentials #ebook from Looks AWESOME. To tomorrow > Thx for mention!
heck yes I remember our Philly road trip. Name as many colleges and universities in the state of Nebraska, GO!
Why does think I need a Brazilian wax?
please can we do that share recipe thing?
#EveryDayIThinkAbout how great God is and how incredible it is that He loves everyone no matter what! I am so grateful for His grace.
Its a good time
Feeling crappy, woke up with a #summercold :( thank goodness for Aleve-D!
thanks for the invite lol
Keep your eyes open...
I'm sorry; I was simply using you. For jerky.
i mean, it was aight... i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for
That's so crazy! I seriously saw THREE on my way to work today.
OMG! I have so much going on. Some of it good which is awesome, the rest overwhelming. I'm exhausted & nowhere near done. Time for wine!
what's up ?
Happy 4/20! May the smoke be with you
Excited to hear you will be speaking at MAC 2012
The day I stop loving her is the day I stop breathing.
. = They are whatever we want them to be. DISCUSS.
thanks u all!!!
hw does he tweet
I have a blister on the back of my ankle and it's rubbing against my cast.
fails to mention who did the study.
I FEEL ALIL BETTER 2DAY ATM, HOPEFULLY I DONT FALL DOWN, BUT IM HAPPY AND ANXIOUS, AND A BUNCH OF OTHER EMOTIONS
I think the main thing we can do is protest the damage being done. If you have kids, opt-out of state tests, demonstrate...
As long as we can be crazy together im down....
haha thanks. they err toward frida kahlo sometimes but I love em anyway.
WORD!!! RT : I know may feel a bit bullied atm. But we appreciate it =')
State Police in Puerto Vallarta carry assult rifles across their chests. Just sayin.
Ken Burns' "Jeremy Renner's Arms"
just got back from Africa, and watched your fight against Ortiz! Discipline is paramount!!
“: #np ring the alarm x beyonce thinkin really? Is a nigga worth all that???” I'll be damned if I see another chick on his arm
Can't believe you bail on me when right when I get off!
Grades went in today so im cool , c/o 2013 : )
Fire still out of control, luckily I got in and got my dog out of the house. Hopefully we have a home tomorrow morning.
Problem is, EVERYONE is a draft EXPERT! LOL
anytime :D
I've been drinking rum every day since I got here.
Excellent! Glad we could provide it!
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Chipotle always wins. ALWAYS.
that's what you get for talking shit on Mike Aviles
That's pretty awesome (auto-pilot). Unfortunately the images aren't fully loading before switching states on my pc
live my life with no regrets i try 2 show respect but u dont give it
RT : So afraid to love you, but more afraid to lose. Clinging to a past that doesn't let me chose. - Sarah McLachlan
tell me you're not going to root for Tom Brady and the Hood!
Sterling Archer>>
My grandma is all like "Oh Dain shouldnt go cuse he will have more opportunities to travel when he's older."
Good afternoon to our new followers:
how naive we r 2 thnk we must know all WRT U.S. international matters. #wikileaks is wrong to publish & lacks wisdom. What good will come?
Were at a were fab location of course people! What do you take me for?
Can't even relax on my last day of break. Shit
Hi Minna! For exhibit, I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa. May I get in touch by email?
If u follow us make sure to follow the person who unified us :) She's a lover of and she's
taking a well needed nap
Silver Halide Film: Life Expectancy 500 years Gives the highest resolution of microfilm mediums
Come dance w. me haha
when that happens to me, MASS DELETE and 'if I need to know i can find the archive online' . V relieving, tho a bit scary.
Well behaved woman rarely make history.
im a perfect kisser :) ask ya hoe
Thanks so much for following me! I'll be watching for your tweets!
Thanks for the kind #FF , and right back atcha!
My team didn't win the entrepreneurship completion but we did a damn good job!
Countries that celebrate #StGeorgesDay include England, Canada, Herzegovina, Portugal, Cyprus, Greece, Georgia, & Serbia.
He's a linebacker for Baltimore Ravens.
God, I love you and everything, but stop playing with your white laser light
So tired tho
Anyone else awake at 2:30 am? Just me. Okay
When you loose trust, and can never look at that person the same way again.
Rough day already. Would love nothing more than to cram about 5 cupcakes into my face-hole, thank you.
New Pitbull - Back in Time only on NOW!
I do. But you act like we ever get out of work on time.
Whattheheck.. colton got voted off on American Idol.. Hey Jesus, i'm on my way :p you got big things in store, just trust God <3
I'm in a period of enlightenment......
how we didn't get caught, I'll never know
Why does this ProTools bounce countdown feel like its moving slower than actual time?
The age-old theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
Taking and to SNL this weekend. Thanks to boys for hooking us up!
vote for Indonesia so Austin can have a concert here :')
someone got robbed at gunpoint Monday morning in Utica square. Guess its not so fancy after all.
": good luck."~Thanks good brother! 06!
You should have given him a good boot in the old piss pump.
time for sat studying
hey that's on my todo list as well ;)
will be on Conan tonight at 11/10c
Our Clark County Store is bursting at the seams with BRAND NEW CABINETS!
10 miles! Keep it up and hopefully you'll do awesome in the C-bus marathon!
Been thinking about you lately. Hope all is well.
LOL, been there, done that. so embarassing :/
How about TNT with a 'Mic'd Up' segment with Bynum and Gasol on the bench, while their teammates are in the locker room?
The folks ( in particular) stocked our fridge with like 12 varietal microbrews. To future clients: the bar has been set.
Go ahead girl, be used by God! ;)
RT : S/O to ppl that's loyal to me... just never Fuck me over in any business and EVERYTHING will be good. #FenessEnt the company
Obamanomics is a Ponzi Scheme. Spend now and leave the next generation to pay the bill.
Foo Fighters are playing. I'm having a 90's day. Now all I need is a poncho
Ha! That is pretty crazy. "They" certainly have some interesting marketing tactics..
this night is sparkling don't you let it go
Coming from 85 and warm to low 70s and fog
Heard on : Inmates will get brunch on the weekends & holidays in IL prisons. Thoughts?
Great open house this past weekend
All of the drums are finished for the new album!!! Woo hoooo!!!!
Shut the fuck up about the damn bad girls club DAMN , it's a Fucking SHOW .
Use Code: NOEL20 and get 20% off your order! Happy Shopping! www.cafepress/cajoneswear
Looks like web and email host for my site is down. I'll post again when service is restored. Alternate email . ::sigh::
I love you
What's your favorite movie?
im not good enough for yo family anyways...
...how u been bro...we gotta catch up man !! i know you doin big things !
I hear ya. Tomorrows gonna be a woosey for my gallbladder! worth every bite!
Thank you .
i'm sick of thdominat0r. what should i change my username to...
Are you doing a Cash Mob?
I've had twinkly eyes all day mate :-))))))
It will be interesting to watch National attention to Assisted Living regulations
IT'S OKAY. I'm still about 4 states behind.. BUT I'LL BE THERE! ;)
Never Dutch oven the ride office green room with Rachel. Every Scott that works for the ride WILL walk in all at the exact same time.
Alexito is houngry. Who has my breakfast!!??!
Tip of the day: if you tell someone that you love the shit out of them always remember to let them know that its in the least shittiest ...
Any other day of my life I can't STAND sleeping with socks on but when I'm sick, it's like heaven! Sweet dreams.....hopefully :) nite!
Wrapping up "In Plain Sight" in the South Valley. Man it was cold out there but good job guys.
Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor! Happy travels!
HATE AND LOVE THERE REALLY IS A THIN LINE THERE
bailey anderson from the dance crew rng ✌
I'm jealous! I can have all the salad I can eat, but no wine for over 20 years now, and I still miss it, especially w/ dinner!
Glad to hear you both are kicking it into high gear before the holidays!
I've had an ad for a $79 Fender Starcaster electric guitar open all day...staring at me...judging me...waiting for me to rock...
S/O too my new follower
its ok, they will get it next time, hater
Came to the conclusion I cant spell commission...lets try this again. HappyHour 5/3 530-730 @ Clydes ChevyChase Be There =)
This last weeks in schools are probably the most stressful days for me
How many porters does it take to valet a car with a manual transmission? 3, apparently!
Thanks. Now go rest those fingers.
What is even happening? It has to be a midlife crisis just because of my age? Then you may as well call me BiPoLAr as if
I know that you meant to follow me back, just reminding you. hehe
i really don't know where we stand....
sitting on my throne and lovin it
I know! I was very happy to discover this after I spent hours looking up stuff on Viva after the Lions Love screening.
Want to know more about the arts in Cville? Follow !
I'm done with West from Appomattox, and will be more than happy to pass it on to you tomorrow.
especially when its someone important to you
Good Friday morning everybody! Have an awesome ass day and weekend!
Hm. You almost had a cocky moment there. :P
Thnx 4 following! Check out AgooBiz to connect w/ #SmallBusiness users, sell your products, #blog, & reach more markets.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lmao i wanna see whose down to name them
I WOULD RUN AWAY OKAY
..who's your tour manager??
Angélica will air on PuertoRicam Panorama 6abc-TV this coming Saturday at 1:00 p.m. Please, let your friends know Thanks
oh forsureee well let me know when you'll be this way and we can set something up.. I'll draw you up something nice
Jamila's here.
thank you! Can't wait to get these in the webstore
I totally forgot them... Was on the bus and realized this. Was in a rush! Bringing them in Friday.
If & 's Internet Title match gets put on the pre-show, you can bet I'll be yellin #areyouseriousbro ?!?!
Started reading Tina Fey's Bossypants on my lunch break and almost didn't go back to work.
so, Sprint it is? lol
Don't get me started on Passages and how they can brainwash families
Football then a long ass practice . Then we are getting shit faced :)
why not haha
Fts ! Take Yo Ass Home Den Nd I Was Just Finna Get Her Back !
However that lead singer that Slash uses, is not even close to doing Axl Rose or the GnR songs justice.
LOVE FOOTBALL SEASON! LETS GO GIANTS!
Again the whole 5 star restaurant....
Tomorrow is already successful beyond my wildest dreams! Thanks to EVERYONE for the amazing help! Especially w/o whom GAAD=nothing
Very cool newsletter Michael!
Well your a bitch and no one likes you so go away!
Fitness membership is cost reduction and peer support one of the most valuable and successful.
I absolutly love my secret buddy #bestever :)
#Believe you can and you're halfway there. ~Theodore
Give the ball to Ezeli, he is not playing around, got some nice post moves
Sitting here with my friends celebrating my birthday:] Its so much fun.<3
#SLPsnQs We determine eligibility based on clinical judgment (based in formal and informal ax)-- then ask insurance if they will cover tx
S/O to he be rockin with us
not a lot they ran tester trials to see if it would work and I caught it before they could run anything else
whats the highest price your willing to give up for RG3
Just preordered the Kindle Fire. And bought a subscription to Food Network Magazine. That's right -- it's a day without shame.
So far the day has been great. Short school day, tan, YMCA. Eating mexican with family in a bit, then gonna watch a movie. Horror, <3
i think i fancy crying myself to sleep tonight, while watching nick is actually quite healthy you know :7
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Watching glorious amounts of Law & Order.
The Movie Sensei officially gives Crazy Stupid Love the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
: Of course! And I hope that your weekend is mcwonderful! ;)
that MUST be it! ;)
Go on fb , it's better .
I can only process in Keynote these days. Not sure if that is good or bad.
running is perhaps the least interesting hobby one can have. i am glad you are fit though!
Strike that. We now have not one but two performers for #EqualityMD's #SoYouThinkYouCanDrag event on May 20th! Phoenix and Josie. BAM!
haha, true. ;) im so nervous for my party tomorrow :/
you have no idea! Manischewitz macaroons fly fast in my house!
Yo I wish I could brotha man, but my stay is brief, so I'll be with my fam mostly. If I step out I'll hit u guys up!
I came, I saw, then I cleaned it up.
I just waned to say thank you so much to my new and old followers... if you want a follow back just ask... :)
Good news we had 26 new vendors wanting to be part of the 2012 market. Bad news we only have 10 openings. Look for old faces and a few new.
Connectivity, performance, battery life, recovery, backup, privacy, info security, safety, IP, access, trust, consistency =Barriers
with particular emphasis in representation of major commercial and investment banks in secured and unsecured syndicated financings,
Dear God you are sexy #FF and its talented creators and its host
Thanks for the follow!
School shall blow huge ballz tomorrow.
it's u was mine since u moved frm Vegas lol
I miss you too babyluv </3 I hope it works out too!
you're not coming down for convention next week are you?
"You know the guy...always wears his sunglasses on the back of his neck and a Got Beer shirt." Yes. Yes I do.
Great time #running the Paradise Valley trails with today. Although He sure had to stop and "tie" his shoes a lot???
what the heck! where is the next challenge! i hope there not tricking us or something!
congrats! And I wrote a blog and mentioned YOU!
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE
I'm going to regret putting on eyeliner today.
Mortgage mess a concern for BofA shareholders – and protesters, too
#SomeoneWhoCan give you a challenge when it comes to some sort of competition
I'm not afraid to express my religion !
#SOTU Highlights: has renewed fire in his belly, Biden can't sit still, and basks in his own ego
Getting pumped to host today's NGLC webinar. I told the speakers that I'm really just pretending to be Terry Gross. I wasn't kidding.
Full of sheet;((
Any curve or anything?
Thanks for the tweet! See you at the parade today!
Barb, thanks for the RT!
yeah they hit on me too.
hm I wonder who it was
M god
Maybe they should have had a Tom Brady hour on ESPN, also August 3rd birthdays rule!
Yes prices are for 3 nights
RT : If a prominent person in Cuba had praised America and had been suspended from his job, Americans would be outraged.
who was the bird?! Yuo told me but I forgot
Yea, I tried. It sucked too much. When you want a real drummer, give me a call 414-3429-3973
Next google product I want to see: google law
very good :-)
I want to leave school so bad.....
A story to be told.
Would love to hear it, but unable to get there. Do you have any word on archive/synopsis/recap availability? BTW, take care.
we got our wish! is going to be brining the heat on 3rd down & getting the #Packers defense off the field.
Elegance For Less!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Can't believe I'm just getting into bed... this has been one crazy week.
Sometimes the path your on isn't right or wrong its just forward.
i hate when girls curse.... lol
I wish I was in that special someone arms right now
At a conference of tinkerers.
we would love to, but our schedule is pretty hectic. Maybe,..maybe.
Yeah Donatos guy, my mom named me Click.
being healthy is what matters most twitter can always wait..
Will do. Thanks, Hoenisch!
That pic is awesome!
hey check us out. :] we are new to Vegas and are starting to get a good fan base here.
Give us a call for any summer cleaning you may need!!
If I was in Motown, id donate my couch to be set on fire after this ass kicking.
Just went to Sonic and I'm so effing drunk right now that I can't even keep ice in my mouth! Hilarious to everyone BUT me!
Gym time, time to work hard
That's not distracting or noisy at fuckin' all.
Turning on mail subscriptions is 1 thing. Turning them off very hard, & no more forwarding of 3rd-class mail when moving. Discouraging.
RT : Awesome lesson with !! He's the best at finding an audition song. //Thanks... Singers like you make it easy!
fa fa fa la la
yo bet I will
Or were you asking about the Isagenix home base? That's in Phoenix.
RT : If I drink Alcohol, I am Alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I Fantastic?! ;)
Just checking out my homeboy 's motherland. Really loving it here.
Addiction: willing to be miserable the majority of the time for that little bit of high
Keep shooting,and go hard to net. Play smart,tough, and with Bruins pride
where you at?
Call me maybe gtfo
Before god come I want a family (: >3
WEEKEND! RT if you're coming to TCA!
oh my goodness, those were the "bomb", lol :)
Have you ever gone to the dentist complaining of pain in your jaw and joint? headaches? earache? or just soreness when eating? Is it TMJ?
#RT if you're a REAL
However I don't recommend blowing it up.
Tank top Tuesday with the boys
hopefully one day u can come to Boston:)
h.miller and i are doing well here. nice little rumble though.
well... umm... here's my number... call me maybe?! hahaha
someone needs to pay for me some sessions.
so much on my mind is keeping me awake
Thanks, Catherine!
crap quality but thanks hun.
First boot camp session of #thatcampphilly - data manipulation for non-programmers
don't listen to my friend he's a liar
Writing this morning at Starbucks... First time in a year.
me 2 my man! Hey if I'm not doing well at the tables ill just hot the strip clubs!b
Help Stop the Downward Spiral: A Special Note from Imam Feisal with Exciting News: www.cordobamovement.org/blog/
#whosgonnalose - Cleveland at Kansas City - Tie vote! 2-2. tweet to break tie
Thanks Nic. It was a fun night and I felt privileged to be able to read Zach Bohannon's work.
follow me thanks!!!
I don't k ow that even he could help.
I need to stop taking naps!
no doubt. Same to you too. Big 20!
because people in other countries walk a lot. We drive everywhere. I love that. But I also work out a lot and feel awesome.
What's keeping you from reaching your goals? Remember that you can do it!
Price of gas
- not one of - the greatest!
Got all your messages. Thanks so much :D
Highly anticipating the release of 's CD this summer!
So grossed out just found out artificial raspberry in food is beaver anal glad and they put feces to enhance straw berry icecream..yuck
great, can i have your contact info? thanks
Most welcome! How are things coming along for the 2012 season?
at #webwise! why aren't you here?!? you missed my amazing talk ;-)
Plant some perennial edibles into your #vegetablegarden & even your ornamental borders
What i can do is, make you happy!.
We all know you're still eating that Halloween candy. Come sweat it all out today at Anytime Freret!
: Just to F'k with you cause Im bored..
Get rid of Sarver and get rid of
Excited for game 7?
Welcome back! Thank you for checking in on Foursquare.
LA police pursuits: why run from the cops, you are going to get caught, dummy!
I can go with a no-TCU clause. Those suspiciously horned toads defeated us on our own field.
you are right. I will be more adamant about making sure I tweet more. Especially about #twitterlessDotson lol
#First20SongsOnShuffle #3 Champagne Showers by LMFAO... We light it up every hour xD
!! Merry Christmas!!
RT It's not the size of the roaches. It's the fact that they can fly. #PalmettoBugs [#HIWI]
I assumed something similar. So that's not an option.
. Amazing. Just... Amazing. Bravo. Thank you for the solid laugh on an otherwise hard Friday.
yea i kno . I see johnny gonna go live up there !
Job interview today... Wish me luck!
And it's been six months! <3
Women's Voice: June 19 and July 10 this year! Don't miss 2 great nites of music by heavy-hittin' local Divas! Go to www.nmjazz.org for info!
// love this post!
Ain't no loving my man shoo bop shoo bop o
Thank you, sir!
working all weekend. Good thing u didn't visit. But I did venture to
Is following me! YAY! Thanks Lexi :3! Always look forward for your after night tweets ^_^
Thank you for putting your life on the line everyday. Your efforts will never go unnoticed. You have my undying gratitude. :)
check out as well. Offers more opportunities to earn money by taking photos of place :)
or as I like to call it
I'm 19 under my birth certificate . D: my mother lied to me !! For 19 years ..
MLK was a visionary. We need more like him. #mlk bgr8now
the train is so much better without students like you get over it
O_O of course xO foul play..... No problem of course i know how
need to step up our game people get more votes recruit people, make more emails, use cell house car phones just vote your little hearts out!
. 's Street Smarts - my fave part. Send #biz Q's to
Ready to get to work? New Samples and Drops are up now on #productionvault!
Foam rolling massages away fascia buildup in your muscles, to help prevent those areas from becoming injury trigger points.
have you guys hired for your Chief of Staff position?
Many Thanks! Mindbloom strives to inspire all to make positive changes that lead to a life they want to grow
"I just think you could use a lil sunshine in your life" "Ugh! Cheesy much?!" "Only after hero moments"
Beautiful day in #Denver for a #Rockies win and to start off the weekend in a great way!!
I love free lunch.
What is the #1 thing you want in 2012?
Move forward.. that's the motto .
Love Is getting harder to find D:
I would say that you don't need legitimacy to be credible and perceived as truthful, my prob with her article is misdirection
You're tied to a rocket?
Today was a long ass day
Dixon is on fire!
Maybe Peyton Manning will reconsider
Merry Christmas all! Wishing you and your family happiness and lots of peace.
Captain America -- (guessing the Final Jeopardy answer before they read the clue, naturally.) Category: Comic Books
actually the best gift you could have given her is a lifetime of adventure.
All work is done on my end for now so im breaking today and laying on my tail!!! Get at me...
Thanks man. I think that tweet makes you officially awesome :)
I don't care what yall say but Vicki is a sexy mfer....... The light skin Vicki
The problem with rental properties is they don't regress the price. once they charge a price its only up from there.
Mr Pringle many birthday and well wishes to your father... Hope all is as well as can be...
is planning to surprise the IRS next year by filing my 2010 Tax Return by sending a singing telegram! Ha!ha!.
Dinner was bomb. Went to black out town. Ready to leave !
What a great night!
speaking of Cartman, I cannot sing "O Holy Night" in anything but his voice anymore. Ruined for life
Not much support. F that. Y'all suk
Always! RT : Time to party?
give me a ring 770-990-2194 so we can make arrangements before you get here in ATL for the bday bash weekend
yeahh I was skyping with myito and he showed me her she had an older sister.
follow me? Please;)<3333
Thank you for all the new followers, we will do our best to provide useful information to aid in earning athletic scholarships!
hahah oh jeez thought i wwas special
i wont sacrifice my happiness for you.
social media democratizes "expert" disciplines (journalism, video, photography) and lowers entry barrier for creativity
what is it called?
I got the funniest looking sunburn today.
When you start thinking about dinner this evening, think about trying for fast dinner delivery to your door step
I adore Old Navy jeans! The Sweetheart are my go-tos. And no capris here, either.
I'm afraid that my daughter is growing up to be a Guitar Hero groupie.
I miss that water too lol RT Did u kno the bay area has like the best tap water in the nation?
PRICES REDUCED!!The DOLLAR TABLE has been restocked!New merchandise up. Blow-out Sale Jewelry is marked in half! Stop back and check it out
I hate this phrases when couples used to their loves : aye papi,papi, aye mami, or mami and using these phrases in public
Very neat! Do you see them often?
haha yeah I live in the apartments right next to canyon ridge and seriously we need to ha u goin to Johnson too?
"Give me a hero and I will write you a tragedy." -F. Scott Fitzgerald
thx for visiting us today Paul. We're so grateful to have u as a guest! We can't wait for more tips on how to get a job in Seattle
Wow! We received a lot of exciting session proposals for Mobile Learning Experience 2012! Thank you for your submissions.
Got new summer clothes so cute thanks maw maw and paw paw and got new bestfriend necklace thankies angel :)
This Thursday night, join us at the North Face Reel Rock movie with every ticket supporting OB Denver's Scholarship. outwardbounddenver.org
miss my Tiny!!!
Anyone need a photoshoot?? Get at me..
Busy #CincoDeMayo starting w/ #Avengers in IMAX & then private show w/ & then watch beat
my dad hasnt paid my phone so i couldnt be able to text you Dx ♥/>
aiit ill let you know
we all miss you
yup! Sorry gotta go get ready for Junior Prom! :D
You know how you know someone doesnt love you, its when they replace you, like you were nothinng
It's cold
He bidged! He budged! Ristopher Crobin! Today's the day!
😉👍“: Baby Ima make you strip, strip for this.”
lmfao, I was subtweeting an underclassmen on my tl
I stand by my prediction of 7-9 ... Possible 8-8 . Time will tell
sumtimes u got let it out
so tell me about it?
Translation is hard...even if it's from one dialect of English (tech-speak) to another (nonprofit-speak).
MIA this week-end? ;-)
thanks for following! ...really appreciate it! ..looking forward to following you in Vegas
If a person comes on Qiyamah with 70 debts to Allah it is lighter than coming with a single right owed to a fellow human. -Sufyan al-Thawri
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out..
Excited for it to rain today!!! Not in the mood for hot LA weather..
A dumb bitch ain't worth a pot of piss...
haha I know I got ya niggas lmao Ugh
thanks for the s/o!
I feel so pretty today ^.^
it's time for me to blonde again. I'm thinking a Barbie themed Birthday party. I can't be Barbie as a red head! Book me ASAP xox
"Please don't lick me!"
If providers of E.I. must become pt of an ins. netwk. & negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
way to go!!
We must come to realize once again that the form of church is not the issue, but the way we relate to God, one another and the world. Neil C
#YourCuteAndAllBut You're personality just isn't...
You're quite welcome. Thank YOU for listening!
Feel better soon
thank you so much! xx
Bored at the busstop :/ there's nothing to do!
when linking your G+ account to your website, is it best to use your personal G+ or the business page account?
man this is different
Do you miss The ICONic Boyz already lil mama?<3(:
Kate's Joint's punishment for making inferior bloody marys? Let this be a lesson to other places that want to half ass their drinks
It’s a subscription based service. Opt 1) Subscribe, 2) Find a friend who does, 3) Wait for the DVD.
sure do
yikes!!! so how's it doing? did you have to have it prepared?
Wannabes on KUT Austin at 2pm central time tomorrow (Thursday). Stream live at www.kut.org
Dear Kate, I just checked my schedule and I'm totally free for Valentines day! Just throwing it out there haha
fuck you Colombia is not what the media claims it to be its a beautiful country with heartwarming people
I want it
Anyone else going to the SFIMA Summit next Friday?
Haii follow my other account <3
Check out and his art work.
lmao both these men at my work names are Roger, they be walking around talking about some "roger that". Lame! lol
Coming up on WCJS Radio, The Jazz Queen Show - 6 pm EDT
"Human nature involves creating cultures and creating ourselves in response to them." -Hazel Markus
Matt Barnes should take notes from Gasol on how to finish properly.
you stay away from me with your cough
Kacey's Kristmas Ale is our pint of the week here at the brewpub! This is the last chance to get some this year, so come on in!
I kno she was way to the right she needs to scoot in
Ben and Jerry's Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream :)
he looked better in 17 again than 'the lucky one' guhrosssssss
Working waiting on this whip to get fix
man shut up. RT “: Already boring.”
that would be very nice, thanks britt :)
how did you and Austin meet???
I just know how to burn in the kitchen (how to cook). Gotcha' again didn't I? Keep following me and you'll learn R.L speak. Work it out MJ!
American Idol sucks now
Bitches play the back, because I'm the front man. ( ;
We will see what we can get together.
Tweeted to myself back there. Probably time to call it a day. Watch this page for another daring but geeky episode of PGWW.
deal. let us know how the music is on that cassette.
i'm feelin that!
wuts gd my g,i c u!
probs reads my tweets, laughs, and keeps scrolling
Just had to google "how to make a grilled cheese sandwich." A commenter equated recipe's existence online w/ a "how to boil water" entry. :/
Was that not the most awesome part?! I literally stood up outta my seat when I saw that. Bad Ass isn't even the word.
pink haired girls and late night conversations.
Favorite comeback team/player/coach?
oh, i see more trips in the future. :-)
he mad.
May the Fourth be with you!
:D Ah acting is awesome! :D:D:D
Need web, design, video or mobile apps? Let me know.
#NP YC ft Ace Hood- I Know
Greet the day with revived energy, a fresh spirit, an enlightened outlook...
I have a dream!
and I didn't know your mom was dead..I'm sorry
And for mis spelling misspell! Lol!
what's wrong my love ?
And we are underway here from Magness Arena
Claiborne's low Wonderlic score scared teams away from him. The CB said he only answered 15 to 18 questions on the 50-question test.
Now is the time, now is the hour; I am the magic, I am the power, oh!
Words cannot express my deep level of excitement for Anchorman 2.
Looking at the full public Twitter feed is a humbling experience. Links to barstools and thumb screws. Why are they there?
I convinced the screenplay was no more than 40 pages long. Awesome!
this florida weather is just great
Joined our SMS list yet? 1 Free Keiki pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Fuck off, yeah?
Paid over $100.00 for books last semester, one of them we never used. The bookstore gave me $18.00.
: Is it admiration for the promise of youth, or is it ageist? Should age of author be a factor in judging books?
That's right! I couldn't remember - There were recent grads who took the trip too :) It was a pretty cool event
RT : HAVE YOU SEEN MY VAN? NY plates FAV5347, 2002 White Ford Econoline E150 van. Last seen @ Los Angeles & Washington in LA.
Yes I'd watch RT : He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live.
absent from the body ...present with the Lord
Hard to believe its been so long since the towers fell.
Great article. Right on the money.
I found it extra intriguing considering I work for Prison Fellowship! ; ) thx for posting.
Yes that would!
Not really sure how you can avoid design decisions or solutions in a critique.
how do you call that? really - wow
maiden voyage in a new le creuset -- Oxtail Stew. As cooked (apparently) by the butcher's wife. Coda alla Vaccinara.
but seriously I need to call you tonight so I'm gonna. I need to talk about a doggie I might take in!
- meant to type If you want more, just LMK, esp. young entrepreneurs doing big things in #NYC, #LA, &
If this was my first time ever seeing Harrison barnes, I'm not agreeing that he's a lottery pick. His game is lost.
Its tomorrow the sultry "Stacey Brooks". Rsvp early......hitting the stage at 8pm!
Still at work..FUCK
I do feel bad for community banks. Lots of good folk there. I think cu structure is main difference (owned by members)
find out how #healthcareworks for #kids and get your questions answered about the #ACA at a Tweetchat going on now at
did you know that 1 in 6 #cellphones have poop on them?? Ew isn't it just gross. Wash your hands people...
show us
I think my mother just broke up with me.
HA!! Freda's been enjoying The Parkers rerun on BET all day.
I love getting home from Taco Bell to see they forgot my cheesy fiesta potatoes, which is my favorite. Way to blow it T-Bell.
alright mom :P
will you be in Camden, NJ with GNR????????
Happy birthday praying you receive health, wealth nd prosperity enjoy your day from a london
Heroes! RT : RT : Visit The Bills Store &get 20% off pink products
By the time females reach 21-25 they secretly want they're ass to be eaten out or played with.
Doesn't it? Made me hungry!
Two weeks in Israel.. gonna be so legit.
Not sure which "it" you have in mind.
r u working? I am in sec 125 row 20“: And we're back in the game! #mnwild”
We're playing well lately (knock on wood). Last reg season gm 2night. A win would secure our best finish in school history.
I'm at work, why you still up?
“: The dogs are in the enclosed pool area. Garage side door is open.”
Pathology Quiz Case 3: Diagnosis - Archives of Otolaryngology
You'll be jealous. Meet the Makers and food pairing at !
Dbrown shot this image! And where your high yella ass been anyway?
of course! You already know OKC tomorrow👍
Whenever I delete an app on my ipod, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting deleted.
well hello!
opens the fridge, well looks like I'ma make some burgers, hotdogs, and bar-b-q steaks... tommow.. :)
There a torn ACL bug going around pro sports this month? Damn...hello interim title fight!
thanx for the follow back(:
We are packed! Get down here NOW!!
You're welcome.
I'm a nervous Nancy over here!
eat dick
surprised he doesn't have both those things saved as frequent search topics
What I read didn't say how old she was. Said they adopted 2 children from overseas.That he lives a monk like existence?
no, I haven't tried that one. You like?
It's hilarious how much i hate my job actually, hahah
RIP Dick Clark, a true pioneer. Thank you for using TV to spread new music to the entire nation!
Damn tha HATE is heavy lol RT don't nobody want you retarded skyscrapers b...
Who's who? Where's Waldo?
Looking for an affordable family law attorney? Call us today @ 619.338.9500!
"Acrosonic Tonic" is on air from 3-4!! Requests are welcome!
I hope is rocking gear all week in AZ.
I want a cookie.
congrats on the new job at ICA
People say that love is in every corner……gosh! maybe i’m moving in circles..
The waiting game....need to get home and get some rest, then it's 100mph
Having dinner with cousin who just returned from Japan after the quake. Her stories are terrifying. So glad she and the babies made it back.
big plans for all the soccer tomorrow?
Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you're wrong.
The Wynn Deal dying was rhetoric from Wynn. This was planned all along.
Old Guy Fly, you getting too old with them brittle bones haha
my price would be flight club lol. Offer something reasonable bro
Karyn Purvis' book The Connected Child-great resource for adoptive parents.
Interesting, Going to ask myself. =)
The original Audio Dock had a power switch; it doesn't have a standby mode, just keeps sucking power.
Had a great day today but wish I could've been there with y'all, too! Sorry to miss the fun. xoxo →
NICE HAT ROC its asome ur so cut prodigy
you guys deserve everything you get and more!! America just can't get enough of you!
At DCA, headed to Seattle, Fairbanks and Wrangell-St. Elias Mtns for ten days. Woo-woo!
Nothing says "fun" like sitting in a Starbucks parking lot, killing time...in Hawaii! I should be on a beach!
Highly relevant in your current position, too, I would imagine. Or, you know, not. Sending good vibes!
analysts mention every candidate _except_ , despite Ron Paul being very strong throughout the
Imani: I'm doing it ALL weekend....
I think I might have just accidentally killed a ladybug. I could cry...
oh my goodness!!!! Thank you so much for sharing! What a doll!
I wish I were more articulate. That would seriously be my one wish if I had one.
So Hatfields & McCoys comes on History channel starting Memorial Day, for three nights. I think I'll watch it despite the major violence.
Once again, thanks for your RTs. You're completely awesome!!!
I hope im fine when im old.
What's your favorite hidden gem in Lincoln Park?
if you want some to test with I have several. :-)
#neon11 "nice hat asshole...who are you?"
Spoiler: I'm pretty sure he's against it
We're located at 3037 N. Broadway across from Chase Bank! We just opened Wednesday!
Yeah I have 2 jobs I have a summer job working at a camp and then I work at a cafe I am the head server and some times prep cook
We've raised over $1000 this month for charity! We're so grateful for your support.
I'm dying to see the show!! Can't wait to go see it!!
. screw you #Hertz, I will NEVER rent a car from you again. You suspend people because of their religion.
Contact us today and we can go over questions and get an estimate www.bluelaserdesign.com/contact.htm ask for Will
Just saw someone jetskiing on lake erie! Really? Not THAT warm!
Go Giants!!
Launching New Redline Large Format Semi-Automatic Die Cutters in USA, via partnership with DiecutUk.
#uglyamericans is an awesome show.
#DASER Comfort "The lack of elegance in certain species is used as proof of evolution. Nature doesn't always use the smartest solution."
#69Factsaboutme 66. I cut my own hair.
Although I guess I don't have to wish that on him. He already look like trash
Just bought my kit. Can't wait for its arrival.
That's beautiful & tame compared to others I've received.
Sweet Congrats on your new job. You are definitely going to bring it ;).
Watching the news is so depressing. SO I turned on some cartoons :)) much better
I see at marsh!
#uksglive Researchers concerned about Journals as a Brand - to brand their work
Sleep is for the weak.
Chaos in the world brings uneasiness, but it also allows the opportunity for creativity and growth.
I just learned Kano is on twitter!
looks like you got hacked too! time to change your password...
#FollowFriday Black Friday Shopping
how did you do at the marathon?
Nail time in the backyard c:
Everyone at the + show last night knew something truly special was happening.
you sound like a broken record.
hate to be that guy..
Seriously... Shut every front door in America!! How the heck did it turn like that... My jaw is to the ground. 😲
LOL still listenin' n just turned it up LOUDER Happy Friday!!! : TURN IT UP! We can't hear it! :)”
Elin Nordegren’s New “Dream Home” is Just Like the $12 Million Mansion She Knocked Down -
#PEACE, it's what we need in this world!
I feel very fortunate to have the luxury of being able to fire "shut up and draw" clients.
sweet, we'll get something nice roo
Those who are following my tweets & other info should know that I have been going through some rather difficult times lately.
Alex just got hit in the head at Kid's Club, and now he thinks he's an explorer <3 :) I love kids haha
lol! Most definitely. I wuv you more!
RT ok plan is, have dinner, do computing homework, business studying and ill do more of the maths revision exercise!
I thought I'd turn on some news this morning, but I accidentally ended up on #foxandfriends BIG mistake!
had a blast!!!!! THANK YOU!
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code yyqsj)
thanks for the mention.
New assistants excite Deans
I wish i was jeremy lin
State of Sundays on Area with all of the sets from Ultra is making me extremely happy...not hating this drive at all!
yea I remember seeing u use tht. Oh and I guess I would change or get rid of the tracker ball on the g2. Pretty useless.
Another 1st grader on reading and #WRAD "I love to explore and I like anvetrers."
Finally started watching Friday Night Lights holy crap man
10 Laps to go - in the lead
yes and yes. Nothing like Rumchata and directory services.
Once again D. Rose, Fucking animal!!!!!
Our pleasure! RT Merci, danke and dzięki to for sponsoring the Business Language project with the Grove and Optima Training!
ACCEPTED the comedic role of Marsha, Queen of Diamonds in "Nightwing: Edenspring" an Independent Film based on the 1960's Batman TV Series
I had a dream I woke up to breakfast...Then, I woke up -_-
i would just like to say ahead of time..... WELCOME BACK TO KENTUCKY!!
PregameWinners are drinking only the TOP shelf liquor and Champagne! Celebrating the New Years cashing in on the bowl games!
Please excuse our temporary site outage. We're working to remedy. Thanks!
you're a loser, because you never get on twitter, haha did you know you're one of my best friends?
Tks for keeping up w/trivia on Twitter team!
bounty hunters?
Bomb this guy Alex!
Mine and 's dance to Yeah by Usher ;D >>>
Having a better day today :) hope you're day is going well!
GOOD LUCK!
Thanks! I have to thank EDUCAUSE, especially Teddy Diggs for editing and guidance.
can i be ur bobby darin?
Super bummed the BVB / FIR tour is cancelled....
The white ppl in my in my Lil gated.community say they dont like..how when the president just like
No matter how impossible, unattainable, or unimaginable something may seem..if it's meant to be, it'll be.
great job tonight! Thanks for all your hard work and dedication to our community!
Headed to Sonic😍
omg i went running today.. and realized i drink too much wine =(
Love it!!! Congratulations Sarah!!!((: I'm happy for you and I hope you had an amazing day! You and Matt are adorable!:D
your twitter game sucks
Prince Ama is one of our featured artist on Break That Single. Come and support this amazing artist at the Feakin Frog 12/11 6pm-9pm PST
Just read the majority an absolutely MLP fan fiction. Now off to bed. :)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>>Duke lost to The Mighty Badgers one time in basketball.
good stuff.
its gonna be ok bby
Have a blast tonight in Shelbyville #Indiana! Two can see a double-feature with popcorn and soft drinks at the Strand Theatre for only $15!
. Thanks for the follow. I dig your stuff, especially AM (intro)
Samberg is officially out of ideas.
Was that your brother in the DailyMile photograph? I wouldn't have recognized him since I haven't seen him in *at least* 5 years
PLAYBOYS ON TAPE // N WE ON BLUE RAY !!! ASKK
I should be leaving to the Avengers midnight premiere with my brother, instead I am stuck at home sick as fuck 😭😭😭😭
waitin for sean to tweet saying he's marrying me :L :L
<3 you mean the world to me babygirl(;
Go time.
almost a slam!!!!
Beatles + Gramercy + Tribeca + Comedy + Diners = Heaven on Earth
I've been fortunate to see every state but HI, and I must say that I rank CO a close second to AK ;)
have you heard about ? will you be in town around then?
hey dudes you guys rule! Let's play a show someday would be awesome to play with a band that influenced us... Hah
Diaz...The digital ecosystem...students may have many devices and mobility is just another way to learn.
Retweet if your counting down to #abc's
: gah! love you're #Glee version of #Savingallmyloveforyou tell #RyanMurphy to give you more songs... #justsayin ^_^
hey :) how are u hun?
Alan Wagner I spend 40 daller at champs this bitch and Chris did not pay me back so she said I'm going to pay u back
Go Ed!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams
This tweet is so can see a reply to his tweet up on the big screen at #ascd12. Btw, if you see "Deb" from Pasco HS tell her Hi :)
Rinage enough tweeting today:p and answer bbm! So umm guess who was here?(; I love you wifeyyy<3 bbm me??;*
Haha, from another photog doing similar (minus the beer) - love it! ;-)
What is your latest vintage find?
The media is hyping Mourdock but everyone I have talked to today has voted Lugar, both independents and Republicans.
Hey Andy, did you write tonight's episode? Exec produce? What?
Bitch put some ice in her mouth and said she got a cold head game
Thanks Raven baby if u don't know what I'm talking about, ask me, if u do, Thanks again sweetie. Much Love to ya. Mmmuahhh!
it's really good!(: all you have to do for mine is have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you support /love them. (:
RIP: Former First Lady, Betty Ford. Condolences to the family.
<3 no problem :) thanks for staying a follower even with all my rageful tweets
“: Can it be put into an aerosol can so I can squirt it into my mouth?” working that
Mercy Aur helicopter just landed next to McKenzie Park in Chula Vista
Yeah, it's fine & gets the job done. Glad you're not at the Smart Russell Square, which was really horrific
#GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon would like to apologize for the story of his assault on a gay kid getting published. It won't happen again
Happy Earth Day!!
Currently listening to: ELIOT - Pictures on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Whenever I watch the clips of "Boyfriend" that have been released, I have to remind myself how to breathe. Holy crap. -Sam<3
Time for a nice cup of coffee. :-P
that's an understatement
Today has been a reminder to never take life for granted and to tell those you love that they mean the world to you. It's never too much.
seeing in like... a couple of weeks! so excited.
Hey you hey it's ranging I look like a wet dog....
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1897 the 1st intercollegiate basketball game using 5 players (Yale vs Penn) per team was held. Yale won 32-10.
Thanks for checking the folio!
An irritating thing i see on my TL: IDGAF i have no fucks to give blah blah. Really cause you seem depressed all the time& cry like a bitch!
Nice, what are you gonna do for work?
thanks, thanks, thanks and thanks
OMG I have 863 followers! I ♥ u guys!
None of them i guess. More like gets mashed with "Nothing But Love."
THIS is a team of destiny. can't be stopped.
RT ": SUPRISE: new #cover coming soon, like this weekend :P"<-- codyiacs hes back #finally :) Cute new avi by the way
You two should follow each other. Problem solved. :)
We can't wait to welcome you this evening -- Tobasco and Tea Tulia are awaiting you :)
take one and bring it to me (: haha
thanks! Great job last night! We had so much fun
Great week in Wisconsin conducting a focus group testing institutional mission statement and goals.
Please let everyone know that there are apparently NO spots left in the Pac 12. :(
technically it's 11/1/2011 so not too much fun?
Bradley, thx for the mention! Susan
pretty wild eh?
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, high, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
where have u been Justin all ur fans miss u WHERE IS JUSTIN
thank you! i got through and figured out what i needed.
Like getting picked up 20 minutes early.
Sunshine is nice! Cheers!!! RT Can it get any better mayb if it was a little warmer
The new Apple TV you will be able to control with hand motion and voice...not good in a house with an Italian wife always yelling at the TV
": “: i think the love sydnee has for niko is so cute” awe" Its not as cute as the love sydnee has 4 me tho.
I am feeling such a strange mix of -- this is no great loss -- and -- But these characters were just starting to click
Had an ight time at the high with my niggas
Let's all enact a plan to insure a #HappyandProsperousNewYear! Bring it on. ... 2012!
«Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.» – Oscar Wilde
you like her dont u lol
At the beginning of Casino you can clearly see the cut where they replace Robert De Niro with a dummy. Be sure to look for it.
Um, and has this song been released yet? RT Pretty cool to have done a song with a Laker champion!!!
finally people understand corey hart. His finished line this year 25hr 26R 27rbi
Like I said Miami got to worry bout gettin past the pacers
It's rare that someone can read a paper, no visuals, and hold my attention as completely, intensely and elegantly as Stoler is doing.
My favorite part of that movie is when Joe Pantoliano gets slapped full bore with a slice of pizza by Robert Davi.
still not a super majority tho. While I might not like what and how...we both know how hard leg. is to pass at that level
yay!!!!! Also, did you see the #Elementary trailer? Looks awful.
Just sitting down at #nvsa for Andrew Staffer's presentation on NINES.
Deadwood, Sons of Anarchy, The Killing, Breaking Bad, Justified, Thrones... New golden age of drama.
i tell patron truths i tell u heney lies n u believe all i can see it in ya eyes -Drizzy
ill go on the second or third verse
FYI - The poster printers are back in business. The CMC (Room 2250) is once again accepting posters (both glossy & satin)!
How can I still not fall asleep after working 8-5 every day and playing a full soccer game.
hahaha yes. I'm the one with red hair NOT in glasses. I'm the vocalist! So glad you watched that haha
that's what my sister said!
