Was excited to see Krispy Kreme in #DC. Then I remembered why I hadn't had one in years =
#PresidentObama lands in MSP at 10:20 and is set to speak at 11:30. Watch it all live on and kare11.com!
It doesn't matter which format you use as long as you're consistent.
I do to
Paula Deen is announcing she has diabetes. And if you've ever made any of her recipes, you probably do too.
9 = go go time
Walking into my room when a concrete door stopper comes out of no where and you stub your toe <
Whos NICE on the Graphics that could do my Itunes cover for my new record?
Although Tebow led his team in the fourth quarter, Prater (their kicker) won the game ...
We LOVE all parades that show off Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky!!!!!
happy Monday!
no I'm not..send it to one of the #BillsMafia heads. Just think there are cute fans Trust me I don't need beat material @ all
Excited to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak tomorrow! Lets get re-energized and re-inspired like 2008.
OUT WITH THE OLD IN WIT THE NEW
If you are insulted because of the name of Christ, you are blessed, for the Spirit of glory and of God rests on you. -1 Peter 4:14
Is this a Semih Erden sighting?!?!
Distance destroys.
This lady just called me and obviously had the wrong number and was like "hey hunny, I left my phone in the car" I don't know you..
Pretty solid weekend comes to a close and the RFProject is in effect
Doing some much-needed #Drupal updates. I think my users are tired of seeing the red warning messages.
EVERYBODY in this house, is really, really, REALLY, irritating the shit out of me! Smh..
Watching the rain inside and thanks to the wind, it has changed directions at least 50 times. Wow ! That's a heavy storm !
That adventure I had just endured with was definitely one to remember. Too much adrenaline.. Avoiding bushes and garages! Lmao
We're working on selling our donut mix online. That's close, right? We'll keep you posted! :)
follow me plz pretty
Kentucky leads Ole Miss 7-6 in the 2nd quarter.
thanks for checking us out man. Hope you enjoy what you see. Keep in touch.
how do we make them stop????? 
I hope comes to with her Remy Martin crew!
#eviltip 02 eat healthy until you're immortal
Just stop talking baseball if you're going to be complete idiots. Seth McClung is pitching for Nashville.
and would you love, could you love, to be ordinary :)
“: All these April Fools jokes are getting really annoying tbh.” You are so right I'm just Like "Not cool Bro." when I see it.
Just drove by the track. So pumped for race weekend!
Movie recommendation is Robin Wright in "The Princess Bride"
My dad has been watching all my twilight movies over and over and over....
#Broncos presser to introduce Peyton #Manning tentatively set for 1pm MT. #850KOA will carry the press conference live.
Thanks for coming to see me! Good seeing you!
We're very pleased to announce the following five customers as recipients of our three awards:
yes :P or Enzoni
what a snob!
That's so wrong and they don't even taste good if you call it a "GYRO"
#Artfact- When Pablo Picasso was born his midwife thought at first that he was still born.
Love the live dj in gen x session .
yea go to bed thats molded
"Publishers love authors" (in the same way that kings love serfs?)
Headed to Philly home of Meek Milly
This is your reminder to NOT click links that look like spam. Well unless you REALLY like visiting Credo. Can't blame too much there ;) ^jl
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all. J. Askenberg
is mad at me .__.
I'm still around. Just knee-deep in edits. I hope to celebrate my book being done by sleeping in. Maybe just getting some sleep might do it.
Off to the gym ... it's workout time! :)
u sorta look like the girl except ur prettier <3 x
I'm not a fucking role model
hope it gets better. can your friends and/or family help?
I love cameras. Fascinated by some of the designs from the 50s-70s. I love vintage & analog stuff!
Thx for the mention Rozy. You rock! :)
Learn about the Nati Riots, youtube/ Nati Riots
hahaha it's so befitting
You rappers cut hair? Cause that's the only way you fade me -
I feel the same.....being famous is like a tug a war and it seems, for women, like it's always looks first, then brains. Go Ashley!!
Ex Libris extends my Oracle table space and Voyager catalogers can save bib records again. I appreciate the lightning-fast support help.
Or, even better, "Let's deconstruct that pivot and unpack the underlying lean paradigms."
Time for red velvet cake and fat pants.
I've grown sick and tired of the fakest faces telling me to smile.
My "Metro Mambo" series moves to DC's Smithsonian African Art Museum on 5/19, w/ Dr. Leopoldo Tablante of Loyola & Bio Ritmo!
I wish there was a Bubonic Plague for QR codes
How can Bergkamp not make the best Prem League team? He was the best single Prem League player. Stupid.
my face is okay how's yours?
u got it !
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of Heels 2 Heal Charity charity event on October 1st, supporting Angels Foster Network!!!
Tim Jennings from Forsythe County, NC speaking on 100% pre-adoption s/n at municipal shelter. S/N is one thing we can control.
Maybe but I doubt Donald Trump has many bad days. :)
I DEVOURED mine! I want more.
I love how Obama spoke out about supporting marriage equality. It's great knowing we have a president that isn't narrow minded!
Had a long day! But enjoyed every minute of it.
Give us the teachings of His Majesty We don't want no idol ideology
Im in love with your new song...<3 True Mahomie!(; I love you! #SaySomethin <3(:Marry me?<3
uknown call..haha like i will answer that shit
Or you could come in and help your favorite EP get some snow coverage on the air
So excited to have you in Chicago next week!
thanks! and at least it was only eric's d-string this time...
Tell it like a lie, live it like a movie.
Plain » Microsoft Office System Plain &amp; Simple — 2003 Edition (Bpg ...
u should be.lol
Feeling prtty good rite now lol
If you need inspiration for performing your poem, spend 20 minutes watching performance poems on youtube!
It's totally different! It has a girl Watson. :P
Shhhh! We're trying to learn!!!
If James harden shaves his beard he could probably sign with another team as a completely new player
I think me and Mx might do a live U stream what do you'll think
oh, cool! (: I wish I lived there
A nigga need some grape juice....
We are definitely still doing the edu-diversity thing. No time to scour the Edublog awards, but I did start
Idk Who That Is...But I'm Guessin' Its Not A Good Thing?
You, too!! xoxo
me2 and I have school 2morrow #
Kleptocrats Launching Spring Offensive - American Free Press
Now I have a zit... what is this world coming to?
Can't wait till Wed, Thurs, Fri. Gotta dress formal . Skirts aha Im so girly
If God hates gay people, then why did he put the prostate where it can be touched?
May your Facebook friends be friendly May your followers be sweet May you celebrate o'er soup or nog, (And not just tweet, tweet, tweet.)
Some people have no shame....... ._.
I'm like a ghost, I'm invisible but someday you will notice me and realise what I am!:)
Did you splurge and get the "everything" pack?
Have to do laundry later.. :(
I know what you mean friend lol
Are you serious?!
Happy #FollowFriday . Here's to #DoGood tweeting!
- awesome... Now we can see Ali's version of "Does it Blend" video series... :-))
Friday workout b4 the real grind Monday >>>>>
no you wont scrub
reading 'In The Shadow of No Towers' for the first time and instantly though of read it?
"Clutter" may be a bit of an understatement. Big-time downsizing happening starting tomorrow!
Yep! Looking forward to talking further.
Hoe's Go Home And Stare At Girl's Picture's They Hate. :)
South Africa, cool. Just looked at your Facebook, I'll check further later. Two guys sitting on the bench, one of them you?
TODAYS MY 22ND BDAY i would love to "Get My Life" By getting a shout out from yu! :)
Off to for a coke, and then to for open mic night! Nothing like living in the #ROC #SouthWedge style.
Pics or it didn't happen.
hahah<3 I was just waiting to watch it cause i couldn't stand the thought of never watching it again ): & ...
Hm what should I do today? Oh wait, take daughter to school, then head to with my brother! I love vacation week!!!!!
Happy Valentines Day Tweetie Pies
when?! natalie is coming the last week of june, you should come then!
please it would mean so much :)
It's nice to get back here to a golf course where you can think your way around. It makes you concentrate out there all day long - Rod Pampl
What time will the XBox winner be announced tomorrow?
don't think there is one at all this week, still coming off the All Star Break
watching the T.O Show
The hottest College parties just got even hotter with our NEW Thurs night destination. Stay tuned..
Thanks so much !!
I so had sushi for dinner, OMG!! Im in heaven! ^_^
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Congrats to Condola Rashad for nom for her performance in produced play
if it gives head rush it seems contradictory to calming and relaxing
They should have done Zilker, or another venue with curated grass. Dust/dirt never mixes well with food & wine
thank you :)
Good morning ! I hope you have a wonderful and safe day. :)
...was my own mother i'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother at the same time and just say
depending on who she is, I'll let u know if u can read for the part :)
I'm not familiar. Ha! RT: : bg can you play new single "ex old man?" If so, play it 6 times in a row please. #
Texas is cool. So much to do in Austin.
What mask? That's from when i used to party with wookies.
“: You guys think Aaron will play next week?” maybe not the whole game but he will play I believe
We welcome Rebecca, Linda, & Janice from Macy's Century I Salon to our team!
:) I'll see you at your Practical Paleo workshop at Crossfit Oregon City w/! Looking forward to it!
Don't overlook the impact and benefit of small sacrifices when you're trying to reach a goal.
WARM day in L.A. today. Did some shopping at Target, found LUCY DVD, sea 1 and 2 for $15.00 total. I never tire of that classic show.
Ive had Eminems 'Without Me' stuck in my head for 2 days. Help!
#3WordsForYou Wrong Foot Forward
crying right now omg :')<3
Today we passed 99,500 visitors since our 2008 opening. We look forward to celebrating our 100,00th visitor, who'll get a special prize!
I'm looking for a picture for you. I'll see what I can do!
Upon release, Liberty Telegraph will be looking for writers, bloggers, photographers, media & film people +...Follow us, be on the look out!
highschool, I guess HA!
GREATNESS has it's SOURCE in the LITTLE! The LOW is the FOUNDATION of the HIGH! ;-)
On la talk radio now!!!!!
Thanks for the mention! RT: The "This I Believe" series has a great one on Motherhood. Perfect for Mother's Day....
if i make zayn my icon, will he DM me for sex? ;)
Dear - ZERO thumbnails are showing up on all my streams. Weird...
Back in the garage...
ONE BIG SCHOOL. FULL OF DUMB BITCHES. LOL
U better not be telling the pit ur falling in love with can't handle those types of stories in "the pit"
Heading over to Green Doors to meet with their Senior Community Manager to discuss collaboration & housing options for Lawrence and Kim.
Caught up listening to the #LexingtonPoliceScanner lol. They are partying in Lexington after that win
Should have packed my bags fo' that guilt trip
- too bad age discrimination is alive and well and laws against it are not enforced.
Does the Caribbean Studies Association conference in Guadeloupe in May 2012 have a hash tag yet?
Really was hoping to see Chuck Brown at the Merriweather Pavillion this year. Now I have the icky feeling of not having said goodbye.
Reed/Lewis: Still Drooling... RT Brian St. Pierre also led my high school...to a Div. 1 championship in 1997.
why you say that?
I just got my friend Janice Cantore's new book in the mail - ACCUSED from Tyndale House. Woo-hooo!!
Love my new phone but have no clue what my number is...
This is just adorable :P
My sister is such a fuck up
I can't, I have to repair some artificially grass
Off work maxing dis pick n save chicken
okay!!!! Haha that wld b amazing! Lol u gotta meet him and tell him about me haha;)
Putting fininshing touches on my outfit for the Sharon Needles Show on Friday!!
": On my way same place? Text me Address RT : The West!" Montana ave 5838 Between Clark & Storer...
So, when I asked, "Are you a Cancer?" did you add in your head "... to society" ?
84 days 'til London Olympics Opening Ceremony.For security- London plans to place missiles around city for 1st time since WWII.
yaz-client -- nice utility. Reminds me of the poster of Yaz on my wall; 3,000 hits 400 home runs.
hopefully...This weirdo gets her tatt today and stop procrastinating geez
good job! I thought u was gone fail and b a drop out.....j/p
Angry much?
Love giving website advice to & while at
RT "I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself."
SEO of your Twitter stream?
tough pitcher to see on your first day up
WhEn YoU TrUsT SoMeOnE TrUsT HiM PeRFecTLy In The EnD , YoU WiLL Get TwO ReSuLts,EiThEr a LeSsOn For LiFeLoNg Or PeRsOn FoR LiFeLoNg !!
FUCK ANDROID PHONES & THEIR CHAFA ASS BATTERY LIFE.
#BOYFRIENDReview haters are in shock
Watching #GhostHuntersInternational on #Netflix and making dinner. #Relaxing night
is done.
I love you ALL! Thanks for the venue!
From the CEO: Did he just refer to me as "the help"?
he's a pussy
This summer is gonna be a fucking blast.
happy holidays to you and your whole family.
since my name is salina i will be mexican today.
International food buffet day at work. Delish.
fuck my pussy and pound my ass with ur huge cock
#tradhome thank you Stacy! Hope HP was fun - can't wait to see what was #hpmkt via the blogs
I think I watched the whole season in one day over the holidays!
I'm coming through CHI on july 6th - 8th. If you and emily are gonna be in town we should meet up again.
Question: Is it odd tweeting to zero followers? Answer: No. Tweet therapy rocks.
#RyanBraun wins appeal
The Truth is feeling it ! Go Pierce and keep it up Celtics
That little heart attack you have were your lost at a store&you cant find your parents so you walk all around the store lookin for them
Watching DRose come back to life. Love it.
International Conference on Earth Science & Climate Change: Avail the very few speaker opportunities available, submit your abstracts onlin…
followed ;D
Blue Ivy is a Doll Baby!! :)
I don't want to drop out... but... school sucks
I know! She's so funny!! I don't know what was better, her use of props or her changing the words?
But I believe in you so much, i could die from the words that you say.
What comes before Part-B?
what time of year is that....?
Say it ain't so, #JoePa !
how is Pujols doing this year? Oh wait....
I'm starting to realize what the old saying mwanza.
Damnit Jeff carter
Who knows, maybe college basketball will be king in the state of Florida as opposed to college football!
big meeting tomorrow!!! hope this helps
Alright :) RT : Sleep tight Courtney ^_^ RT : goodnight babe :)
Watching Scary Videos With My Aunt And Whyy isnt He Talking To You???
the ribeye sandwich from is pretty good...
Haven't been on in so long...
Hope my 2nd block teacher is absent again :-)
The showgirls are pretty awk too, but my retinas are still scarred from the scrotum slingshot & musical bunghole...
i got a website for sale .. anyone tryna build it up and make money . let me know
#FirstRead: GEORGE WALKER: “Lyric for Strings” (Original Version)
updating courses for WiMAX Certified Training!
Thanks, Franklin! You coming to Photography or Pasta this wkend? RT : Awesome new web site, by the way!
I'd rather have him than Brian Cardinal. Did your seat shake when Iggy posterized him?
All the way up to EnergySavvy? Bad ass.
My #eye lashes are looking>>> Latisse<<< fabulous already! Only day 5 and I can see a difference in length and curl...Wahoo
My cousin became infected w/ flesh eating bacteria and nearly died. It took years, but he fully recovered. I hope Aimee does, too.
At Ford's Theatre with to celebrate Lincoln's birthday (kinda morbid??). Fun talks and scavenger hunt planned!
I think you're made out of pure beauty and love and sexy stuffs
There is a very real chance the #lakers don't score all night
Im Ready For Whatever Tomorrow Brings .
Time to sing outloud n #practicemakesperfect geysons song on piano Woo Hoo!
bang bang bangbang
like yourself! ;)
When you write up the American Cup please acknowledge Gabby. NBC hasn't talked about her at all and she's really the one winning!
Omg he put his tongue in her mouth that's disgusting ew ew e we e ee ew e w this movie is so gross djkdffb
Jamie’s advice to Jessica
God does not require a lot, He just wants you to work what you got.
. , very frustrated with ordering furniture from u, your customer service reps should be more responsible & make less errors
Only in southlake you would find a cow walking the side of the road :P
The Cultural Center of Charlotte County is your local nonprofit organization, serving our community since 1961, with fun happenings for...
“: RT!! “: people always wanna be loved but never show none back..””sis its real lol
"When they invent the transporter on Star Trek, then the Internet will be a real threat"
thanks for the icon. LLN yes i stole it.
RT : New on ACRL Insider. 2012 ACRL Professional Development Program Proposals: ACRL invites proposal submissions for......
One of the other moms at my daughter's school just rolled up jamming to Will Smith's Summertime.
Wow what a game plan Chicago run run run back to the #Bears of old, You can pretty much chalk this season up as a fail!! NFL Sunday
On our way to NE 148 & fremont to show the scene of the shooting from the air on
The occupants of black honda wore Timber gear. The FATAL Hit and Run was the evening of March 31st on burnside.
Today's been soon busy
EEP! Coldplays #Preforming !! :D Jealous of all those people at the Staple Center! haha
New Study Shows US Government Fails to Oversee Treatment of Foster Children ... - ABC News
Senior Night
Two more hours left in class...I have the attention span of a goldfish!
Your credit score is" YOU"
Good win !
is out to eat & "This is how we do it" just came on the radio. Hilarious and awesome! LOL
In Target 😒
Like c'monnnn, wear off already! I wanna eat! 😭😖😔😣😢
but goodshit with the pitching! how long did u last?
god afternoon ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls
Everytime I see "Explain." on a test, a part of me dies..
we have a free trial for 15 days .. yogatailor.com RT : I wanna join a yoga class ! A FREE one !
don't mention me wit dat bulshit tf wrong wit you
seriously!! I wasn't sure if I'd make it out alive! It was soo hot and stuffy..bleh
I should really treat my Manfrotto to a better case, is the lesson here. ;)
what's wrong Anthony? ;c
OH: they're like big, big humpy buttcheeks.
Launch in 7 days
It�s easy to feel that giving discipline is a form of punishment to a #dog � it�s what makes them feel safe and nurtured
Peace be with you friends. I am skipping out on social media for a while. Call me if you want to do something really real.
haha I keep up on my home boy lol
Many people are frustrated with the absence of intervention in Syria - Dr. Asli Bali
i actually have a lot of things to do this weekend.
I just saw the movie the Artist... It was very good. If fact, quiet possibly the best movie I've see all year, and very... quiet...
just saw that you're a Cybils judge! Congrats and have fun!
If u have violent urges 2 attack those without personality then chill &
the buried lede in this piece is the fact that the WSJ ed board thinks romney should ease up. that's kind of remarkable
A first for me...just had my teeth polished with a chocolate Polish. Yum! Thx
WOAH! RT Lakewood wins an AMAZING fifth set 25-23 and takes the match. Wow! This is a must see video highlight.
Thanks for joining us for the panel discussion last night!
A unique pitch: Good job Andy! RT : Standing outside Havana cathedral getting hit up for City Year Miami funding by
Joy is Like the Rain..It f.alls freely from the sky touching down here and there. - Michael Barrett
Let's get started on offense we need Rio and Miller to sink some #heat beat indy
Refer party 4/20???? my crib???
I lick my nephew to piss him off
the game is to be changed not to be played.
BTW your pick on M Williams is pretty spot on :). Won't get ROY bit had an excellent year for a rookie.
same to you!
` juss finished cleaning up every room but the kitchen, then after that it`ll be time to cook dinner
Just exposed an entire breast to some hikers in the Palisades. Thanks to for looking out. I wouldn't have noticed.
Hey, have you done any work with Canana Films out there?
Successful day at work and getting in 2 hard workouts- not bad
chocolate peanut butter? i'm so there. i nearly took out some people trying to win a reese's cup at a staff meeting yesterday!
yeah if you're a sorority slut or frat kid
me cuz im bored
Connecting common core standards to curriculum, hope they don't change it again before school begins. #edchat #engchat #
Who is John Galt?
Hope today goes well..
r u doing lent? Sacrificing something for God:)
“: <everyone should have a Latin lover...Dale!!!”> As long as they back it up like a Tonka truck!
Had a wonderful time at my first seder. Happy Pesach!
Agenda: housecleaning, photo shoot, and eventually studying. I have a busy day ahead of me.
Enjoying lunch with and at
Thx for following! We hep finance co's that are premature for banks. We are looking forward to connecting & reading ur tweets.
Made it to the Neptune show tonight. I love winning tickets.
"I mean, they're two drunks trying to take care of each other- it's ridiculous."
At Home: You are beautiful. --- At School: GOD DAMN. YOU'RE UGLY. :/....... story of my fuckin life.....
Tanning! im so whitee
Doing great job tracking weather. Feels like I am in my home state instead of Indiana. Stay safe.
As a zerg player, I approve
Punk'd tonight.
I just hate when someone abuses their timeline. I know that sometimes you have something to promote but 100's of tweets in one day, NO!
RT : RT : Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. ~Bill Cosby (via )
may games will stop when we sail FYI lol
Tune into @ KUTaustin 90.5 now to hear client Sharon Marriquín disc
Sammi from PB is at the AMA Madison's seminar about marketing on the cheap. Request to follow her on if you're interested.
-change of plans goin to the CLUB
What's your costume?
Whoohoo. Dad will be coherent-ish today RT : I don't know what you suckers did last night but I slept six hours straight. Six!!!
Hooray! It's Thursday again! Story Hour with Miss Kathy, today at 4:15!
Sorry Ken, but i cannot open this page...don't know why
Awesome discussions of evangelizing #ux efforts w/ fellow uxers meeting tonight! #upa2012 Thank u for all the great questions!
Boy meets World
I mean, if you insist...
Not bad... I have lost 7 pounds this week...
Happy Father's Day weekend to all fathers!!! Have a great weekend!!!
can't get bra off.
#NP Can't Knock the Hustle - Jay-Z
RT : You should see the buses! They're immaculate. : Anyone else see how clean the major roads in #Indy are?
hey! What's up
watching last night's Grey's in bed. Feels like a Friday in the Alpha Chi house :)
Ha! RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
no it's just sore...and my sister we think fractured her finger
Thanks for following us Francoise!
is going to suprise his wife on X-Mas with new boxers that sayTickle-My-Elmo
Obama just can't please anybody because everyone hates compromise. It's like Rutherford B. Hayes all over again.
Niggas Is Clowns... Still Chasing Pussy
Rainy day in Austin .....we might stay closed.....
good morning (yawn) where's my breakfast in bed?
nice! Thanks for the tip!
Way to go HAWKS! You've made us proud!!
If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas?
xmas music!! #andywilliams #josefeliciano and #burlives in a UFC xmas tune smackdown on radios everywhere!
We offer multi day camping trips in the USA! special offer Buy One and bring a friend for FREE! offer ends March 25
Nothing like wine night on a Monday with the roomie! #not sorry
Wednesday is looking okay for me. Where are you thinking?
seems like that date is tough on everybody - will set up a doodle poll
Remember that we are not human beings having a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings having a human experience. Schizl
Classy. With an attitude like that - she'll go far!!! :)
I finally attended an #ArtsTech meetup after following from Austin for years. Learned that and I had the same computer in 1994.
Trouble sleeping? Get at least 10 mins of #sunshine daily to help wake/sleep cycle. Very important if you spend all day in a cubicle.
From Paris to Peoria, we all eat only one variety of banana, and it's vulnerable to a fungus that seems impossible to safely control.
cant say any names on here wanna game?
putting this baby to bed - more tomorrow....
goodnight Jordan!
How about how i wwas using you in the beginning !! Shit just happend ROTFL
Nah, i like kathy the best
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Fun Fact Friday: Keep kids from running in grass or bushes in tick high risk areas. Check your child's body every day for tick bites.
So... is singing me to sleep.
Im hanging at the Mbar tonight a lil chill time will be nice!!
#BestTVShowEver would be either #SATC , The Twilight Zone, The Simphsons, or The Kind of Queens either one of those !*)
i'm following u now shawn and already following chris plz follow bk
RT : Great presentation on integrated branding from Jeffrey Morgan
very soon! just ordered the very first shirts today for our Living Dangerous photoshoot :)
So some how it was snowing this morning when I woke up and I didn't see it!! #wwwhhhaaattt?!?!?
brightened up Rhinebeck reading from her memoir "The Anti-Romantic Child" Always lovely to see & hear her.
I saw an author who stole coffee everyday, that wasn't theirs from Starbucks. You obviously know how important coffee is at conf!
What's good bro! Send those bangers over to . Already!
company meeting regarding the next #dareproject last night. Details to be announced soon. Exciting!
thanks so much Carolyn.
Oh no! Spring break soon...really hope i dont miss the height of the blooms! RT : Cherryblossoms in Washington!! Love it
:) You're wonderful. I am LOVING the new jewelry! And the SUCCESS that you have? AMAZING! Keep it up! It is truly deserved.
Wilkerson's book is special & for all the raves it garnered probably not sufficiently praised. Glad she'll be here.
feel you. I have 8am dr appt. On my way too.
Not everyone you love is going to love you back. That`s why it`s important to love yourself more than anything.
im legitimately crying of laughter, oh my god that was the funniest thing i have ever seen
sup buddy
how do I get one of these for my home tap? Unlimited promotions in Waunakee!!!
DONT CALL ME STUPiD Because yo` room right next to mine so i can still smack the BLACK off of you bussert
It's like Jordan's quote: I've missed more than 9000 shots, 300 games ...I've failed over and over again. And that is why I succeed.
that is epic
I dont think I can do this anymore.I have to be honest.
A person's name is the sweetest and most important sound in any language... To that person...
If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go
haha dude besides getting bitched at the whole time. Peabody is pretty cool.
Rookie of the Year is on HBO. This is an instant watch for anyone born in the 80's.
"To win the game is great. To play the game is greater. But to love the game is the greatest of all."
JUST ANNOUNCED! RUSH tix for all 8 MEMPHIS performances, April 3-8! Up to 2 hrs prior buy $20 tix (limit 4/person, cash, at the box office)
Just drove into New York state, show tonight in Ilion, NY... Should be a good night for slaying
Thank you
**2 weeks ago
Whoah. Portal 2 is $6.79 right now. My purchase procrastination is always richly rewarded. :) (Tonight's plan: play Portal 2.)
"... I practice safe tweeting, apparently ..." [from Jeremy Piven's appearance on Jimmy Kimmel last night. great backstory.] ()
Thanks! It went well. Interested audience, lotsa good questions. Plus popcorn from !
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Aside from my usually poor stock picks, just glad I'm long $goog, and wish I was long $stwit...
because im bored but only for 30 minutes though .. i need something to do until my show comes on
bank of america got the most beautiful lookin women that work there # yo i dont know ur name but excuse me miss
I know I shd be partying for my b day but I rather do music
Have your feet touched the ground yet? Have a great day.
ii was gonna take a pic of it but the lady said no.:(
my grandma doesn't know where put her glasses and her phone ;o
Thanks to you and Tedy for answering my question in the podcast!
Comedian on David Letterman tonight was very funny!
#SCTop10 UGA's Dustin Ware's no look left handed dish.
sup let's work
#Broncos second 4th rd pick ( #108 overall) is C Philip Blake, Baylor
M. IPA is the perfect Sunday football session beer.
Agreed. WTF people.
remember when drake used to be in a wheel chair? man, he's come far.
follow me <3 i loved how you played the boy from district 3 in the hunger games
If you don't use "TV Companion" while watching games at home, you're missing out. The live stats are fantastic
RT ask her directly whether she had any knowledge of the fraud she's discussed today while she was chief of staff
Taxes, check. DMV, check. Dentist, check. Yearly, check. Day from hell = not so bad. Finding health ins should be a cakewalk, right?
No Dutch ovens!!
and one of my other favorite guys Dahvie :) he's a singer
keep bringing new people keep it fresh haha
Why said Bill Bill who like that I LOve that part!!! LMAOO man I Love this Movie #LotteryTicket Btw June12th
damn you
Today is my daughter's birthday, Yazmin. Is easy to see how time fly. Just 16th, she was just a baby yesterday. Happy Birthday my Princess.
Thank Dan for all of us. This article is a must read for those confused about how this tactic is most commonly deployed.
Pregnant woman and her two year old son side-swiped by a city truck. Had to be cut from their car. Story at 5:30 on
Self-treating with Tweet Therapy is working. Since I started, I haven’t hijacked any elevators, molested any fireplugs, or OD'd on chocolate
Correction - The new bacon-beer-cheese dip for pretzels WOULD be great for #bacontweetup! =)
HOT! But that freaky dummy in the background made me soft...
I dislike the taste of water .... even the "good shit"
dont make me bring out the Torture Roll..
Who knows.....you might have a part for a short, Scottish guy at some point! ;-)
It just scares me to think there are people like this in the USA....especially in leadership positions.
Who's ready for the #holidays ?
This is ugly....I mean, UGLY. Pacers are not letting up at all.
So I'm ready for the #SoListen music video!! When is it going to come out?? It's going to be AMAZING!! <3
www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnqIaRn12GU NinjaPidge with me on the Red Carpet at HollyShorts Film Festival. Please RT!
Got a gig tonight at 10PM ! Looking forward to rocking out!
And lastly, I will say this in his defense: those prep schools are toxic places socially. Romney was a creature of his era.
which stores out there??
hehe, I like when tweets me!
wheres the bacon?
Sometimes, Ozzie speaks for us all. RT : get here already been to long. get here comcast wow
Looks like the entire middle east is falling apart!!
Black swans need to chill
I could chase you if you want? That tends to give folks some get-up-and-go.
Did you drop from heaven .. because uhm. I forgot the joke ... Help me?
In desperate need of a cut ride!
congrats, what are you doing that's working so well?
8PM:Cal Tjader+Jazz Soul Seven+George Duke+Oscar Castro-Neves sings & plays on his b-day+mre.Jazz88 FM
What do you think is the most popular coffee?
<<---Deleting for scrolling my screen. Not cool.
★ ★ We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming event......or we can help plan the whole thing! ★ ★
Now following back RT : " follows you"
Seek not happiness too greedily, and be not fearful of happiness. Lao-tzu
Just completed a company improv workshop with PJ from and had a ridiculous time! Thanks man!
Go #Dodgers! Keep up the great play!
Ok, way overpowering feeling of déjà vu! That was creepy!
": “: can't pronounce that shit lol” lmao cause you lame"no cuz I'm American lol
Getting ready to see #BlueManGroup!!
jazz is a four letter word
You can access the paid-up equity you accumulate in your home in the form of a home equity loan or a home equity line of credit.
OH: You just put something in my box!
I miss my ex. If only she still gave a damn about me. SMDH
that aint nothin till u come to my crib
I'm going to miss desperate housewives /:
Go follow for all election information!!!!
i love you both<3
Do library catalogers not self-identify as 'coders'? That strikes me as a problem.
Congress does the unthinkable....something right! House passes #JOBSAct 390-23. Congrats to all who worked on this.
"O Lord Jesus"Rom. 10:9; 12b-13" &rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
you can't rap...no matter how hard you try
RT : BREAKING: Authorities say they plan to file charges against band members accused in hazing death of #FAMU drum major. <Good!
Love that Bob Knight is wearing a short sleeve shirt and everyone else is in a suit.
#nofear I'm going for it all.
my pleasure:)
Business mostly. lots of excel and word. always internet.
RT If u love something let it go...if it doesn't come back, hunt it down and kill it
Going to the greenwood mall:)
Thank you #Capitals!!!!!!
will be relieved to hear this!
does he have twitter?
You must be right behind us! We are just passing through Houck...
Got the drcast LED 4 video n still, now sound
club bed with dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!!
BAD call. Poor
Use it! #CCinKC ": Back in KC this weekend for: Easter, Royals opener, game. Will be part of #CCinKC "
I will not brook such insults from the fourth estate! Fisticuffs at daybreak in the Pit of Passion!
Happy New Year from the DALN! We finish 2011 with 2842 archived narratives about reading/writing/composing. Here's to reaching 3000 in 2012!
Thank you! Feel free to send any fun events/deals/companies to blog about to !
yes, I know. Lol
the difference between statistics & data science may be the same difference found between statistical literacy & data literacy
NYCParks if providing free sleds today at Prospect Park and others on account of the blizzard
Missed having your wisdom & wit in last night's #BA75chat. Hope your weekend is a good one.
I know a history faculty at U Tennessee who lives in Abq. Lots of flying.
latest iPad app crashes immediately on opening!
Missing the 2012 National Convention in NY and all of the wonderful museum ed sessions :(
900- 80's hip hop vinyl, original break beats, funk, 70-80's rock, sound effects record collection for sale! FOR SALE! DM for info.
watching The Notebook (: How about youu?
If #OWS goes nuclear WWII is not far behind. The death of the dollar is only going to happen if you buy in to NWO new world order!
": High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead. ~Christopher Morley #quote"
Tweetcaster is crashing every other time I open it now. Not sure what the problem is. Can anyone recommend a replacement?
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D
Milwaukee. The city where argyle found a stronghold.
#isitjustme or does anyone else in this world feel like throwing up from being so excited for My World 2.0 ? i cant breathe, i cant breathe
I am Cm Buckeroni
u always get back to wrk duing a pay period when u tryna buy some shit!
California? That is far:/ but You def have a great chance of meeting BTR, :)
#verizonfios sucks. thanks for constantly stopping during my ondemand movie that we spent good money on.. thanks. <<<
Thanks for the shout out Robert!
hello! I'm fine thankyou, wby?:D x
Ladies, make sure you get straight to the point and ask for the sale!
": #ItSeemsLike you don't even care anymore, and here I am missing you like crazy."
Just got my ass kicked in ping pong
Dear males of WNY, I know it's nice out but STOP WEARING JORTS. NEVER WEAR JORTS.
ive been good hun Nd u how is life treating you
Talk about being on a roll! RT : great game! Can't wait for Saturday!
“: MUST BE A LAKERS FAN LMAO” << u muhfuckin right
happy birthday! Follow?
hooray!! You should just head up here tmw since you're all ready...?
U was so good on CBS This Morning. NYC rocks!!!
Thanks to my assistant for cleaning my office. Hold all my calls.
Hey businesses and fans of small businesses - who are you voting for this upcoming Presidential election? Let us know!
Doing the 20 day Instagram challenge! :D
I have some new website glam-banners in the works. Hopefully should be up this weekend.
That looks bomb!
bored out off myy mind
Happy birthday to WHIRL Magazine, celebrating 10 years!
I have an addiction to pretty dresses...
Who said: “The strongest bond of human sympathy, outside of family, should be one uniting working people of all nations and tongues."
Hi there! Are you performing at the Hoot Fest?
I apologize if that was inappropriate. I'm still learning Twitter etiquette, actually. Thanks for the heads up!
RT : Don't be mad because I don't care anymore. Be mad because I once did, and you were too blind to see..."
Oh how much I love Your songs always seem to make me smile! I really can't wait to hear your 2012 songs. Best Wishes! <3
lmao ok then!
But Desta is your boyfriend remember?
damn you got swag;)
Cuddling > work
is that apple sized?
no way..I think my dogs need 100 items themselves lol
: Get table-top Ms. Pac-man and we can talk. We just got Joust, bitches!
i can't make it tonight....but i plan to be there next monday!
undeniable comes out tomorrow!
Missing someone is easy bt forgetting them is hard.
It's taking everything in me to just not brake down right now.
info dot com for music sharing or for more info -- thanks for interest
Morning everyone!
I don't want to either ):
oh yeah tasty ramen! Did you get Samurai Noodle while you were in SEA?
#IWillAlwaysLove you the most, but don't tell my other followers, ok?
He's always about 7. Pisses me off!! He's so hard to deal with.
Men have cup sizes?
o ight then your welcome listen we all have our bad days bro just keep looking straight for a better future or better day
#Today in 1827 Ludwig Van Beethoven dies in Vienna. Deaf for the later part of his life, he said on his death bed "I shall hear in heaven."
Thanks for the #FF love!
I still rock your number 1. Sure could use your outside shot this year, haha. I bleed orange. Best of luck in New York
just sent a complete update out. Let me know if you have any other question. I'll keep you updated.
One hour and thirty minutes of class left. Ever.
will you puh-leeeaaase come to Fort Wayne? Haven't seen u since Iowa City gig nearly 10 years ago.
Get off the couch and go vote!
I would love to see Google+ succeed and hope pages help brands be more strategic with their marketing. What do you think?
In other news, here's a headline: "Lada Gaga's Breasts Shoot Fireworks". God, I love 2009.
HA so true!
No. I do not want a $500 gift card to whatever store...I mean I do. But I don't. It's not the point! STOP spamin' me mang...
Going to for lunch today..What's the best choice?
KOBE JUST BANGED ON OKAFOR!! WOWWW!!! HE STILL GOT BOUNCE
Hi. Come and be on my linked in
it was a terrible nite sis
The first rule of focus is this: Wherever you are, be there. -Unknown Author
Used at home depot in Watertown ma. That was easy. No wallet, no problem.
First session: Stephen Abram. I anticipate bluff and bluster, but brilliance.
When you're driving to #cwcon, it's better to bring too many musical instruments as opposed to too few, right?
Great weekend with the fam at keeneland and celebrating my ladys 21st Now back to the study grind
Ugh! Oil changes suck. Now I smell like a slick....
I wonder what the Clemson coach is screaming at his players right now.
New one bedroom available in Astoria call today 917 7219181
I wish! I need her to come stay at my house for a week LOL
DIE, ANTS! DIE!! <maniacal laughter> (we just set out a bunch of ant poison)
right Chris who is Nataliyah's #TeddyBear :))
January is National Hobby Month! What is your hobby?
Never heard of your place. Ill visit with the kids this weekend though!!!!!
FLOW - The ability for organizations to achieve objectives without unnecessary roadblocks, hindrances, or bottlenecks. - DM
let's set set set! I do cookies.
i cant live without u justin
congrats on Big Words. Looks interesting.
What do you call a stripper who can't dance?... a hooker!
Follow for more information on the 2012 season
I'm still in bed. awesome or super awesome?
Ditto on that! Me too!! : I need to take a trip to ATX to visit my longhorn family..
So, gotta work out at 6:30 a.m. tomorrow... Should I stick it out in hope for a 15-point Laker comeback or go to bed?
I wanna die rite now than living on this hell hole of a world
Rehearsing for our show tomorrow! Ay ya yai!
Cant believe the seasons over !! I love you girls .. !!
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Stop by booth #909 at #NSBAConf today & find out more info on #MyLivePD online coaching!
Dodge VAE49M #rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in #NJ run STOP signs?
Karaoke now every Wed & Thu @ the Early Dawn Bar Great Karaoke Bar On 1000 Kanses ave,Modesto,Ca
I just watched at least 7 episodes of #MDK and I may now be a lesbian and/or aspiring chef. But I know I'm definitely a drunk.
There's enough gas in here that chesapeake wants us to sign a lease. is the main culprit.
Dear NYC , get your under fucking control
Do u think he would like it though ?
Adidas shoe description : "mixing Rebel Alliance imagery with the colors of the Jamaican bobsled team" ... What?
#poplyfe is beast they play all da songs I like
That shot looks like my daily shot, but I can't straighten mine out. Go Bubba.
u aint making no noise u aint making no money any nigga kan make it rain ion no nun bout u hoe!!
M how I love kit kat :)
It is official, I fear you. We'll have to get a group out to a derby sometime!
RT : A3 Absolutely! Others see us from their perspective. The reverse is also true.
Been having fun being social this week, but tonight's the night to hunker down and get organized. These plans aren't gonna make themselves!
Can't sleep
I think the fame from #moneyball got to head. He told me he's going sabotage this season. To get the new stadium in SanJose
Hahaha we r so strange :) hahaha
ya ya i know. played some poker... Tried getting ahold of you
Got mine already! MT : Only 6 tickets remain for our Aug 21Friarhood group. Get ur tickets www.padres.com/promo code: Friarhood
you are welcome!
We are so lucky for such amazing employees- current & past. Thank You!
I do not kmow speedy gonzalez language
Game 1 of the 2011 World Series is only hours away! Who's your pick? I'm going with
LMAOOO STOP RT ": get on my level muahah #untouchable "
did u realize it was 4yrs ago this week when we first met in Billings, MT? Think of how much better your life could have been.
Today was totally stupid. But it's over and I'm going home to munch down on some Totino's pizza stuffers.
MSP did officially hit a record 80 degrees at 3:37pm today.
That's not good at all to be stressed. If you need to talk about anything you know you can always message me on here hun. <3
hyper bundled
In studies conducted mostly in developed countries, 5?10% of men report being sexually abused as children (World Health Organization, 200...
Oh wow sounds pretty intense. Have you ever done it before?
oh yes u will and we will.....thanku...have sweet dreams as well.....
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS HAHAHAHAHHA
": BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47." Pauls Boutique is on repeat today . Bummer
And I volunteered to eat ALL the BBQ....
I feel you, but my Ruffalo and RDJ are my whole body boys. And ScarJo, natch.
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech7: “Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.” bit.ly/owfEZp
The Orbea Opal rocks! Spent 2 hours on it this morning at Speedzone!
S/O TO > Thanks for followin me, I really appreciate it!
Just got a follow from this stunning beauty------>
play me in draw something! !
Death by PowerPoint. "Too many slides? You have no power and you have no point." good one!
you should read bechdel's new #memoir, a ton of #woolf references!
wouldnt say more "intense" but more "obvious" - telling that takes a radical position to make his point
If I could be in any movie of the past 3 years, it would definitely be A-Team
we need to move this project along. Supposedly another 50plus years to complete.
RT : Yesterday 2 yrs ago, 15th april. I stood and queued at 5am at croke park for xfactor audition!Incredible how time fli ...
How did we ever get over the fact that he changed his name to Metta World Peace. Still greatest/worst part about this shortened season?
Wussup wit it!!!
yes! feel free to include friends. If you can get there a little before hang with friends I can make sure they know what's up!
Man why does he just keep talking
What's up Lauren?
first repeat offender at the #refdesk!
My goldfish #PonyBoy is still alive, everyone.
Gr8! ": Bringing it! Faster and Stronger!
what's your name (:
Did Tracesusa mess up a couple of times? Even the pros aren't always perfect.
I never started it;P ah. hahaha :)
I'm not even there :D just for fun
Edison park comedy fest break a leg joe and coach!
sounds like an offer we can't refuse!
Now I know what yo.u girls go though when you get hit on >_< Got hit on in the bus.. I feel molested xD
Thanks everyone for welcoming me! My first #GenYChat!
Because We Do This!
About to learn a ton about my hometown on the FUEL Milwaukee Past and Present bus tour with local historian, John Gurda, as a tour guide!
So I scratched the crap out of my eye this morning thanks to contacts and now I look like a one-eyed pirate. New trend perhaps?
#StarWarsDay & #Avengers opening? Perhaps too much awesomeness for even the geekiest geek to handle!
aw the sweet easy feeling of finaly that god awful tooth ripped out of my face. it was hidiously painfull. the dentist was pleasant.
Do they have a Pearl Jam room and an Alice in Chains room?
“: Big day! bought a tree from & TimberJim” Thank you!!!
YES PLEASE! :) Thanks. Helpful!
#SDSU vs New Mexico? Aw heck. It's a gorgeous day for a tailgate anyhow! #GoAztecs !!
I cant stand the smell of wet cardboard
Info abt Sugarland's depositions reported by via
is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! <3 nighty nigtht
We are still in triple digits here yet I feel a change in the air.
me either
Why is everyone focusing on O "evolving" on Gay marriage and not Flipper "evolving" on damn near everything else?
Granite hauler's whistle sparks memory - Kennebec Journal
ths June make a difference in yr life by joining Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm. Submit yr application!
#BU thanks for the love! I hope ya'l come out for #4sqday 4/16
Walking around my house, not knowing what to do.
Floating away
^^ I always think your dancing is amazing so I would have loved it anyway :D
If you've already bought your ticket to Black Nativity, please show your support by "liking" this status!!
Not gonna lie its hard to dislike Stewart he seems like a nice guy but I cant...
Everyone knows when world events happen and someone tweets something about it that u like, you retweet it.
“: Mobile phones get the most standards-compliant browsers ever - webkit browsers. #idea10”
Oh haha nicee(: do you hav any info like where thy're staying or doing ?
p.s. German christmas markets in Berlin are just the fucking bomb. You would LOVE this shit.
what do you need Craig?
Working on amongst other projects.
The fitness guy on morning show has moobs.
happy birthday <3 please come to Vegas soon .. I love you !
exactly! He goes hard in oldie though.
Is there anyway the Gotye cover with can be made available for purchase on iTunes?
that bad?
Happy Birthday Dr Seuss
710KCMO dumped him in KC for Mark Levin. Sure miss listening to Savage.
Hi Megan! We accept cash or credit card at the market. Central checkout so you pay at the end for everything.
On Drop Dead Diva 3 set today as coffee house watress. I'm lovin workin' with everyone.
got a major shout out from Will Allen today at the green energy summit today during keynote, pretty cool
"YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!" - Gandalf OR what my colon is saying to the burrito I ate last night
Playing tonight at Caribou on Walnut in Philly. 9-12 with the always great Mike Kennedy on guitar.
I wish I was in Chicago for Record Store Day... It sounds like you guys killed it this year.
Ok time to go to the bed #GoodNight & kisses to all the people who follow me :D thanks and see ya tomorrow! =)
Now starting quick re-read of THE HEART IS A LONELY HUNTER.
Some days I sit and look back at all the wonderful moments cherished growing up with loved ones and friends.
Why does my condo blg atrium smell like saltfish?
"Donkeyman spits placidly. Smitty laughs. He takes a drink. Donkeyman spits contentedly."- MOON OF THE CARRIBBEES
I am redding up before I head to the North Side today. Will you be there?
bringing my grades up finally
My first full length CD comes out in just under two weeks. #Countrymusic my way! #Garthbrooks meets #theeagles, meets #jasonaldean!! ready??
No action of computation can be instant because that implies it travels through no-time.
“: first show under our belt! Loved it! Can't wait for an exciting semester!” Me too!! :)
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
Look forward to reading your post!
WOW - Castle Creek Apts is using text messaging, and mobile payment to give their tenants the option to pay their rent via...
RT : “Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What are your business hours?
I just hate fighting with her
how's the HR biz today ?
you have jumped up over the line from behind to alongside the "stars" to a TV reporter and sweet person on TV-great job @ BC!
Man, who needs to be in SD to see the debate when you can be following Omar's twitter play-by-play from Beijing?
Actually, it sucked before they left too. Evening Shade was pretty insufferable.
How many games do you think Royals would have won w/ Grienke? Would they be in 1st if THEY added Marcum too?
I just want to fangirl over Siwon! Lol He's my ultimate Bias.
have not been on this in a while
my boyfriend thinks ur hot lol x) hahaha i told him dat ur gorgeous den he wanted to see ur icon ahaha ;D #GorgeousforLife ;)
Check out blog accessing free credit report & questions on who and how you & others can use &correct
hey y'll. I need your help for He needs a dance partner and you two are the go to people ;)
I am HIGHLY upset I have to start everything all over on my ipod -.-
Kevin Garnett is one of my favorite players in the last decade
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
hey! whats up?!
RT Trying to figure out why name is "Big Meech Plug"
did u know Jose Baez is writing a book? Lol people are already boycotting it and I dont blame them.
omg it was NSD and I didnt have subway /:
Or call it Xmas. Whew! « I do much worse... RT : want to piss someone off? tell them you don't celebrate Christmas.»
looking kinda sexy in new profile pic, my friend ;-p
i am so not a morning person.
Away from LA, I miss my LA lit scene.
sorry man wrote a piece that seemed slanderous and bias.
Hahaha! Now I'm in suspense too! Let me know what you think when it arrives! Haven't played it myself!
#graytness needs to hurry his ass up and get here already!!
And the Award for "Reading into crap, getting into her head &totally friggin making herself upset" goes to Sajiah Chmaitelli! *Applause* UGH
Stevenson on Slashdot: Trying to imagine prod, distrib, consumption events in institution of media as a self-regulating system.
i love your products, but i am incredibly disappointment with your customer service!
Lakers ain't ready, getting killed
ur boy won't down then all this heat talk come out of no where lol me and kelvin knew u was gonna
Thanks Ross. You walk me to skool on the first day?? :*)
what'd you think? Its a Banger, huh?
no sir, but faith in God will help..
To all my fans for the wonderful Christmas cards, amazing gifts, and yummy treats. Thank you so much for the love and support! <3
thank you!! Cc: Bayfield Inn - gorgeous
RT Hey #ULTA, I'm in need of a few
yes she can girl!!
You gotta take chances in life. All anyone could every say is no. But you won't know unless you try! Night
The thought of in a few weeks never having to get up to go to high school again is the best thing ever.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 8
That sounds nice! Except for the running part.
I AM TOO WELL SOME OF THEM AND BECAUSE YOU'RE A BADASS
Thanks for the add! RAWK!!!
..|.~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I've reached my following limit. Sorry to those that I can not follow back.
Don't feel like answering my phone today
that's no good!
KV Federal Credit Union members rejected a proposed bank conversion and merger with nearby Kennebec Savings Bank, woo hoo!
I will be there!
Tastes like chicken.
Repeat often: "The primary purpose of the visual system is to direct action."
When is awesome Kong making her appearance ??
if you were at colonials (colonel hearts) I would totally be there. mo's is a ways from my house
you're the reason for global warming tbh, justin.
Sebastian I miss you <3
Harris: Sentences should be served, but state must deal w/ problem of prison overcrowding.
black people will make an acronym for anything..
European archaeologist engage with people that might deal with heritage but not have an idea of what the heritage is about
they are not sure though...
Yes i do! RT : “: I got 2k on Cotto! Puerto Rico Stand Up!!!!!” you stay hating on Mayweather b! Lmao
wow yea spam is awesome
lol I know u would, I miss you
Smart Choice Shrimp & Tilapia Provençal: Shrimp and tilapia w/ onions, fresh basil, kalamata olives, & roasted garlic. 460 calories.
No foul on the other end is totally ridiculous.
True. And it's an entire science unto itself that sometimes even grates against common sense.
It is senior skip day why are you here
The weather is amazing today
Yeah, you seem in a bit of a rancor.
Grab lunch/dinner @ Chick-fil-A (3700 E Highlands Ranch Pkwy 25% proceeds benefit the Mission - just say "Denver Rescue Mission"
Bars should be viewed as locations in which to meet my future husband
Rookie from Harvard RT : Lin is a beast...where did this guy come from??? pounced all over 's #lakers lol@
Sometimes just picking up the damn phone and calling somebody is better than anything on the web.
yeah I wanted to see if she was ugly! the ugly girl isn't a girl! Its a real guy! aka tranny lmaoooo he/she buddy
..I Am Absolutely Fascinating!
Lunch at #CrispAndJuicy, now spending afternoon working from in #Cherrydale. I love #Arlington !
UL, just comfirmed that your ship has started taking on water! Better start thinking bout jumping ship!
Aw, thanks! Same! Hence why it's on my bio ... hahaha.
Boise St/TCU should be a great one 2nite - also the perfect excuse to get drunk on a monday night
SO wrong on so many levels. No loyalty, no brains in management.
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone
Make sure to get to Suede Lounge before 10:30pm to take advantage of the $30 wristband for all you can drink all night.
Any work at all that I have to do for English makes me fall asleep. Doesn't matter what it is, I pass right out while doing it
that's what boyfriends are good for :-)
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 0- Chad Timothy...
Cee Lo always puts on a CRAZY show.
Rise n shine ppl.
Bobby Jindal will be as old as John McCain in 34 years. This guy is going to be around for a while.
WHAT'S IN THE BOX
there has to be a way.
Stop in for lunch! Today enjoy our delicious nachos for half price all day!
Say something? -.-
#McDAAG RT : This might as well be an infomercial for UK Basketball. <--Agreed!
Evan Brophey going off for hooking. Monsters to the PK
Screening this Wednesday at the Music Box Theatre is sunny Chicago!
wow that's an orange office.. 8L
Covering the meeting of the #cville Parks and Recreation Advisory Board. Will they recommend a new master plan for E. McIntire Park?
It's my opinion that private email is the appropriate medium for a professional business request such as that
Study hall with eric & blake >>>>>
not that I'm against cleanliness....but ur "that guy," huh?
You know you're sick when you start singing about how fluffy your new comforter is.
no the one for you? In ur bag there should've been a bag of cookies and a muffin
Best upcoming DJ :
After a talk, which had commenced at a late hour, and had continued many hours, it was time to sleep,
What do you think, should #Packy be allowed to REALLY be the #GrandMarshall of the #RoseFestivalParade - Let us know
“: omfg why am I such an awkward soul. erryday of my life is an embarrassment” so true...... ;)
“: Do u think the blind screen Lebron set on John Lucas I was wrong? NO...” It was a SCREEN, shouldn't even be discussed!
Thanks for this link... It's right on the money!
Ready for Friday? We'll be playing Prototype 2, Mass Effect 3, Trials Evolution, and Mortal Kombat Vita this weekend. What about you?
REUNION THIS WEEKEND
if 'the most interesting man in the world' is your idol &/OR you're an adult who's obsessed w/zombies & vampires it's time 2 up the voltage
I hate many few things less from finding out about a show the day AFTER! Grrrrrrr
Wow!!! I can't believe the Clippers won that game! I was ready to declare Memphis the soon to be NBA world champions
follow and i love garrett to!
#YOLO punch a bitch.
Messing with some photos
Had a perfect night, and is now chilling at a Starbucks in the U-Village. Seattle I love you!
Understanding him-- I pondered over how the U.S. greatly neglects the potential of more 'freshed' minded teachers that use this approach 2 .
Proverbial mud, Lourdes. That's all I have to say.
hahaha I just shared that tweet with people in my lab and we all ha a good laugh!
Everything I eat must include the use of Crystal and/or Louisiana hot sauce and/or Tony Chachere's.
Livi: "That's an ugly out-ey bellybutton..." Me: "Uh, Livi... That's a nipple."
Ready for this day to be OVER!
Good to see you on here Eric!
Sorry goligoski with the tip on michaleks shot.
": DC, night one. What a beautiful, ravishing, deafeningly loud crowd. I was taking in every minute tonight, memorizing it."
Hey everyone! I haven't been on this twitter in a loonngggggg time! Haha so let's talk!
Mega-like!
when are you offering the next 20 hr pre licensing class?
Now, I hope you’re happy with your self cause I’m not laughing.
I wish I had a new phone :/
The only true painful goodbyes are the ones that never said and never explained.
to funny! lol :)
Does free wifi mean anything if I'm only getting 100 Kbps?
Back to school......
my twitter is nothing but seth Rogan thanks to you. hah
Able to relieve back pain with trauma release techniques
Weather for Twins 1stgame Mon Apr-9 Field in Mpls looks cool with a mix of clouds & sun with NW winds @ 10mph & temps in low 50s
Hey, we all do what we can.
We all have heart just few choose to use it.
Happy New Year everyone! Hope 2012 brings you lots of fun with all your friends and family!
Am I allowed to be tired by association? Well too bad. #IDIDN'TrunamarathonbutI'mstilltakinganap
MT : A1: I saw a lot of ED's w heart but no budgeting, mgmt, or other skills needed to keep org running smoothly.
Hanrahan has been placed on the Bereavement List, Daniel McCutchen has been recalled. Hanrahan is expected to return to the club Sunday.
Hiking after cinco de mayo? 1) sleep late 2) 3) drink plenty of water
big foot pizza was a staple after every Saturday game
What is the stage of a reptile when it has eggs in it but they haven't been laid.
who did u go to the party with?
Now he kicked you of the computer lol wow
what should i do tomorow ?
We now have a pool on our back porch... No big deal.
CORRECTION 3037 N. CLARK across from Chase Bank Come on in for an after work snack!
Just when I think I understand this city, I learn about Anthrocon. Thousands of "furries" descending on downtown tomorrow.
I am 21 didn't u no dat 12 backwards is 21... come on u know they will let me in! (with your consent)
Dear Facebook, when the two mutual "friends" I share with a person are a bar and a bagel shop, I probably don't really know that person.
There were no water benders around?
is awesome! Thanks for your follow
I said I'm tweeting and I'm tweeting any I'm tweeting.
That's wats up. I'm done wit mines next spring. Happy as hell!
We still need a goalie
Got a link?
“: Another baseball DUI. But lets test Jose Bautista's urine for steroids 12 times” Doubt he'll get boo'd like braun every day too
u will def make it up to u tho love
That is too much to offer! Keep Teague and Deron! RT would u trade Teague/D. Williams 4 D. Wright?
Super hype for the fight tonight!!
it is so nice meeting you. We can't wait to see the final product of the house tour!
I hope you stud muffins haven't lost interest! A lot of great opportunities have come up to make this EP ten times better. :)
Lulz master can I get a BDAY shout out :)
It's Me music video starring is in rotation on Centric & Music Choice. Dir. by edited by
Happy Monday! Whats going on?
She crunk all by herself lol...I love it :-)
Another terrible day to be a bills fan.
Was booked for job at audition! Prep pays off. & being a braeburn apple when they r looking 4 a braeburn.
#Pens Still alive.
I just washed the dishes. Should I send you a pic I that?
Foster care system helps thousands of kids - The Tennessean
spurs and spurs fans complaining bout you....good job
chocolate make em go nuts
Leopold Bros. apple whiskey aged Gordon (still Gordon to me). Magic. you must try this. Thank you
Meeting Jo Germanotta on Saturday. Dead.
Driving up to Hollywood for the weekend for the ASCAP Expo. Greatest event of the year for me!
RT No healthcare for #Congress until every American has healthcare.
If the weight of a newborn baby is underweight then what shall we do?
yr cover it live shows that it is in standby mode. Can u check from where u r?
2nd fave item is prob a 2009 team USA WBC ball signed by everyone but Longoria & Brian Roberts.
I'm at a dive bar, one of my students is here, and he's trying to dance.
We found puppies!!
Watching the Ron Paul vs Paul Krugman debate on Bloomberg from a couple days ago, Krugman is way off, all the crap with the fed needs to end
All my fbook friends say the best! makes it way easier to have an awesome life
Really like the blacked out uni's! For MIA...ideas for our new ones?
Ladies don't be scared to be aggressive! Take control of the dick and make him submit to your every wish!
hear hear. I would give more to charity if govnt didn't take so much to begin with
...hope she's having fun in the Bahamas.
Markakis' shot barely went over left-center wall.
Why do you have a diesel engine on that truck you only drive around the neighborhood?
I can tell you for fact that we would love to be a part of #SWMilwaukee !! sure, we won #SWMadison but we got more ideas in the tank!
About too watch OkC vs LAL. Pulling for OkC. But im allways
RT": RT : I've mentally graduated from high school a long time ago."
i know i just want u to hit me up
I Love It So Much!
The fastest hour in radio now airing in DFW - 1460 AM KCLE Dallas Mavericks Victor Villalba, replay interview w/ Brandan Wright, RF Sports!
I see the moon and the stars. oh so pretty!
Remember that time told us kerry wood was starting today?
The entire cast now discussing what looks like with his shirt off
Yes that would be a great idea. Now we just need to find the time.
go get sarah!
Cam Newton is a pouty loser.
If you want a true high-res magazine buy the printed version, not an iPad Retina digital version.
It's my birthday today my lovelies!!! Happy
"A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him, I may think aloud." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Its time for a run and some basketball.
Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter.
DYK? Rev. Dr. Martin Luther king Jr., Civil Rights Leader was a member of A Phi A
like I'm made of plastic, like I'm made of paper.
NASA announces discovery of first Earth-sized planets in the universe.
We need a 24hr wing stop..lol I feel fat
Great to see that you joined! Would love to hear your feedback regarding interests for alumni/development offices.
Go Follow
...I want to film loads of shorts, and whatever I can for my showreel
#Grindr is the dirtiest game on my phone.
LOL! Its been a while since I've heard that..
LOL mo I had to ask cuz some ppl really ask me that lol I blame public school =D
p.s where r u at?
SimpleK12 Thanks for following...
I'll be in #Hershey Pennsylvania on Saturday!
Lily, Rosemary, & the Jack of Hearts? Love that sweet Dylan story-song. There's a great 10 min version on Blood: NYC sessions.
ughh! this private school application process is kicking my butt. But its worth it !Hope my baby gets in.
“: promo now till 10 pm. Glass wear and t-shirts for Sierra drinkers!”
or beilebers feel about Justin Bieber
Big thanks! RT : Well worth ->
Busting' to that wizard beat all day all night.
Its the #postseason people! Its not supposed to be easy! Its only game 2, plenty of baseball to go! Let's go #Brewers!
Somebody told me I had friends last night. Well I wonder where they are cause I'm under the weather and I sure could use a bowl of soup
Boo!! So sorry! Hope you feel better and start the new year off right...in a good way!
two hours later... O's he still the complete package or has he lost a few peanuts along the way?
Thanks for posting. I have had concerns about this. It's heartbreaking to have to cut out such a seemingly wonderful option.
i completely agree (as I punch someone in the face)
Thanks so much you too! And thank you for all of the coupons =) xoxo
• Yes. TOO EARLY for this kind of talk. Especially from someone who knows baseball.
its so annoying!:p
Happy Birthday to my brother, !!!
*poke leo* u der?
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster. One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life. ~Chinese Proverb
is working hard this off season
yea it's amazing how much money you save!
Tim Tebow will have to have God on his side this week against Tom Brady and the New England Patriots!!
Reuniting with my Aerie girls!! Yay!! :)
Goddamn I hate this bldg. property management. I need to get the hell out of here altogether; they caught me by surprise.
Other than some extra police presence, maybe some searches, I don't think NW line will see much hassle
and who might they b?????
Approximately two-thirds of divorces — including those that come late in life — are initiated by wives.
might have to chek it soon then, I miss the old Good stuff, good Looking out
thanks for the push home...#selfishmotives lol but I don't mind =]
we miss you too amy!
Educators don't count? "Makes me wonder, why doesn't interpretive curator exist at every museum? Educators don't count"
looking forward to utilizing your #software..Amy Royle has been great to work with.
First take is a great show.Jalen holds it down.
Race is in full swing at Auditorium Shores!
whats good with it. (:
Bahahah!! Beastie Boys from the future!! Too Funny!! :) lol
I am a freakin walrus man not no damn hog
glad to be away from the hospital and harassing my kitty.
Everything REALLY matters right now.
Taking my lil bros to see The Avengers this weekend
wheres the video of that girl suckin dick on the sidewalk ??
watching last weeks jeez shore episode. Mike has a situation..he's deffinatly GEEKING! he's deff on something prolly coke. jus' sayin'
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us We trying to buy back our 40 acres
three run jimmy jack.
Lemme go to this party right quick !!
My sister just just joined twitter, be nice to
oh yeah me too i have EOGs this WHOLE week
u look absolutely adorable !!
You don't have to be a homewrecker to end the life of that laptop. It's already half way there
Hey #archives folk- and I were talking about body language and positioning during interviews. Thoughts on what you all dislike?
can you hit is long? :)
So excited for #eattweet!
