": Check out the community carnival now through 4PM in the Student Center MPR!" Always a great event.
best night ever.
Stormy night around here. Used 2 love the sound of a storm but not so much anymore w/all the violent weather across the US in recent times.
Yes, Garrel, Olmi and Terence Davies should all be in Masters. told me DRIVE was the best film in Cannes competition.
"The great game of business" - open the books, share the information toward creating greater fiscal literacy in the organization.
Aw thank you! I don't have any others posted but I have a few that I might put up(:
Thank you #cicdh and #unl hosts.
cool we must
don't talk shit unless your shit is talking.
I just text everybody in my phone
I also love mangoes, all varieties available now, so I’m in special heaven on Earth :)
plan. I'll be at the testing BOF tonight. Maybe we can all grab lunch or dinner tomorrow?
Hey , are you going to also host a massive egg salad making after this Sat? Read about the 40,000 eggs through
Weren't you the one tweeting about the Wonder Years or was that someone else?
Grown & Sexy? You don't know the meaning of the phrase unless you've hit up Old School Bar & Grill. Follow us, and then check us out!
My Lower Back Be Hurtn !
smoking jjjjs shredding the city with the homies #boppo!
3 more days to close out the year..... Got a lot to get done :-\
STFU LOOK AT YOURS PRECIOUS HOCKEY PLAYER
Thanks for checking us out. Dont forget to like us on Facebook/myadvocator
this couch is sucking me in hardcore. I'm still super-sickly & pathetic & wanting a nap.. but I must perservere.. for #brinner!
Team work it's all about team work
Thanks for the follow!
Please welcome the lovely, talented, & funny, Melissa Claire Egan to #Twitter. Follow her at New to #Y&R, too!
Are you in NYC? Go see Toni Morrison read tonight at Symphony Space and buy her book. Our partner is the bookseller.
He probably misspoke about mobile, don't you think?
LOVE Coldplay's "Paradise"
You used to be a "Big Bertha", now you're a "Medium Matilda".
It is what it is
Stay in school and make your days brighter mahn. You can be and do anything you want in this life. Live Love Learn
Sad part is that the majority of yall think just alike
If I put up with your RT's that sound like relationship advice and quotes by middle school girls, you can handle my tweets about basketball.
Get ready for a trade up packer fans. I can feel it.
yes that's right Kevin, Zayn is a lovely guy.
The new season of The Real World sucks! Id rather jab FORKS in my eyes.. at least I got to look fwd to Friday(:
Need to sell my house. Urgh!
EVERYONE, let's make #LaceyLoveSoundz trending!Tweet what u think 's single will be like & add #LaceyLoveSoundz. Be Creative!
When people from school ask me if i have twitter i pretend i dont!
I'd be all for bringing in Pete Rose.
lolol y'all did ?
I bet this is less “DVCS” and more “someone else already built a convenient API for collecting stats”. Lazy wins again
aye doe I'm so bored.....ugh
I love hearing that! I am so glad that your podiatrist figured out what was happening to you. God bless!
Just taught myself how to play the rugrats theme song on piano. Sup
Well if it gets dinged then lesson learned. a good judge shouldnt shit on it too much if its well done.
just taught us he knows about roman numerals.
HSPE killed my brain lol glad its over
BIG CONGRATS to for raising $8000, to be matched by the Aber Unger Foundation, for Haitian relief. Way to go!!
My entire crew is now speaking in british accents.
Need money for college? Distinguished Young Women of Greater Baltimore=place to start! www.DistinguishedYW.org
Johnny Madonia: For lack & limitation to be removed from our thinking, we must...move to our creative side, where our true selves live...
Heading downtown to end a great Act One!
We are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion ~
By the way, can you send cash? Thanks,:)
"Boy dese BROADS ah Trip"
I can't sleep!!!! That's what I get for napping...
yes!! And the neww pupp..almost as cute as bently !
your amazing. and i would LOVE it if you tweetedd me back!!! your an awesome singer/dancer <3!!!!!
World stock markets fall on reports that ratings agency Standard & Poor's has downgraded some eurozone countries.
It is CHILLY today! What happened to the warmth?! I'm a little nervous to experience my very first winter. I've heard #Pittsburgh gets cold!
librarians unite!!
It was fascinating to me seeing how Oberg's life informed his work, it'd be interesting to see more scholars' biographies.
what do you mean?!
no more LA ? Are you doing good I miss u
it's a sticker for the Iraq War. I thought it was a sticker for Interrupt Request. Oh wait, I see what you did there :)
it was in fact exactly what happened haha
tiny mouse though hahaha
Justin's Voice Is Flawless. He's one of those very few singers who can pull off a live performance, hitting both high and low notes.
No need for me to ever be sad I have the only person I'll ever need laying right here beside me
Just make some offhanded racist or sexist comment. You will be out of that court room before you finish the sentence! Lol
"Think big. Start small. Move fast."
#DevOps = Culture + Configuration Management + Automate + Visibility
Happy Friday. Smile today and enjoy life.
Need to rethink this whole "I wanna marry a historian" thing. Moving my 17 boxes of books is crazy, imagine if it double! I hate moving!
its been good went to the lake had a great lunch & now I'm gettin ready 4 dinner & a show
Don't forget the staching #Brewers closer
Jess just keeps digging herself in more shit...and she doesnt even know it.
#itgrindsmygears when I'm listening to my ipod and someone pulls out my headphones.
that 70's show
heck ya. that sounds delicious! Make mine a double, lol
Why Chris Davis of course
whale it's whale fucker
Someone spying on my internet habits tonight might be very concerned for me. I've been researching titles for our mental health section.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.... Swag!!!!
You not trickin us
getting the context + then feeding it to the suggestion engine would be easy... it popping up at the right time in live chat = no clue
those people for the most part were cheering for the Yankees in both stadiums. The legacy moves on...
sweet u gotta go to shay and Bryns dance thing on the 20th btw. If I have to go u have to go
Last night in the apartment that I've called home for the past two years. Sad seeing my room all packed up.
i hate that feeling also, Its my recurring bad dream.
Unfortunately Season Went 2 Fast Great Job": Whoa, whoa, whoa. hold everything. There's a spartacus finale on tonight??? :)"
I'm a lil sad tht #CSIMiami isn't on anymore, my favorite show, but the show tht has replaced it #NYC22 is damn good!
its a date
“: Championship Game, who you got LSU or Alabama?” Roll Tide!!!!!
Will InfoGroup be sold, or possibly split up? It's going to be interesting.
please follow back?? :]]
lukn at ironman b4 i go to sleep
Frankly they were better than most their male colleagues and definitely showed some more "guts" in crossing party lines.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Hate getting emails from Jeopardy! and it's not them inviting me to tryouts.
Greg made me a PB banana w bacon latte today that Elvis would envy
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am "THE GOD OF FLAKES."
thx fr the retweet good looks we r funny!!!
What coincidence Do you have a website?
Oh Im still a believer!
JoyGoliiver gave a fabulous workshop www.touchedbyjoy.com about caregiving care for the caregiver of people with neurologic condition
THAT'S RIGHT BLACKBURN! YOU DON'T WANT NO PART OF DIRKS!!!
hello eleanor how are you ..♥♥♥
Nuggets would not be in this position right now with Carmelo Anthony. Dealing his ballhog ass was the best thing they ever did.
Carfax &#39;Car Fox&#39; Empowers Used Car Buyers And Sellers In Latest &#39;Show Me The Carfax&#39; Ads
Markus, thx for adding us to the #Canon Today paper, greatly appreciated!!
My airport pick up person just called & asked me what I'm wearing. Took me a sec realize this was a reasonable question, not a proposition.
Cheers - enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Never afraid to be goofy...thats why they love you ;-)
: she does have a Facebook but not a twitter
peking restaurant saved from a violent & grisly death tonight. promise me chinese then fall asleep? HELL no. luckily they deliver.
i will see him perform that song live
Are there student prices available for the webinar?
i would like to start training for saturday, but must continue to work... for now
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
I wish I memorized my study guide as much as I do song lyrics
Tonight [Friday] don't miss our special once-a-month Motown on Monday on FRIDAY! We're through the looking glass, people...
Fun day planned for today -- author and I plan to hit the Apple Store :D
#OccupyNashville many people saying badges were either not present or covered both last night and tonight.
There is no impossibility to him who stands prepared to conquer every hazard. The fearful are the failing.Sarah J. Hale
I suppose, you're kind of a big deal. Just don't let the fame change you.
long over due my darling welcome!
When girls text you first >>>>><
#nercomp12 connectyard integrated with BB9.1forannouncement and discussions. enhance hybrid courses by extending inclass lectures.
Kanye can b a douche bag But his a genious
Sara it's getting late but I wanted to mention how beautiful you look with your new tan ..Gnight
Um, what's the yellow thing?
Dear Wolfgang Puck, your hotel room coffee tastes like crap. You should be ashamed.
im so sorry just please talk to me???!!! u kno who u r dont act like you dont!!!!
I had to increase the size of my mailbox to have enough room. I would love to look at your app!
#ballsohard let's go DEFENSE
you should be mad since you are the only married one. . .so far ( wink)
I DO!!! #hopingthistweetdontgetmeclowned 😰
So, if Chris Brown gave homage to Q-Bert, can I just run around eating white pellets while I sing my hit song when I perform at The
If need business insurance call me, I would love to talk to you!!!
Atlantic salmon numbers rebound, report says
Back at ya!
we support tyga
Thank you, sir!
Try Costco for holiday stamps...they're cheaper!!
Looking forward to a great improv class...
“: Ha ha ha great news it is #Falcons”<~~ I was screaming yes for 5 mins straight lol
i Work at the Uptown location in Minneapolis, Minnesota and at the Mall of America Location
MT : Sec. of Ed will participate in Twitter Town Hall Wednesday @ 1:30 PM. Submit questions using hashtag
where at?
#Gratitude for recent follow:
To The World You Might Be One, But To One You Might Be The World
Should I stop trying now?
OMG so true like ugh and don't get me started with teachers ugh
What I've learned: Male Grizzly Bears have been known to kill cubs to rape the mother bears. Elk have harems and roll in their own urine.
Elena, Bonnie and Matt surprise Caroline with a small party in an unusual location. #TVD is on tonight at 8 on CW20!
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing is too big to attempt. - William Van Horne
Hey, that was a very awesome interview of Definitely clarified some things for me. Great job!
Empty apartment on a Friday night? I must have accidently gone into the wrong apartment....
What's the difference between a Male Porn Star and a Strip Club DJ?..... about 3 inches.
Ambition is priceless. It's something thats in your veins.
We just used the same term in our session #thatcamptx "petri dish"
havent seen it, this whole thing lends itself to all sorts of silliness. I'll check out the video, thanks!
Love is a strange thing. It can make the weakest person strong and the strongest person weak.
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!
If he would DM me back ONE MORE TIME, I would be okay. Cause it like important...:(
Fresh out the shower! Like a boss xD
So the lesson learned by the kid at the #Rangers game who had a meltdown after missing foul ball? Cry loud enough, you'll get what you want.
Doth mother know you are a British cigarette??
rut row
Thanks you :}.
haha, if that's the plan, then Knoshown will do, I guess. Nugs fans gonna be mad when Melo beats the Heat?
Hahaha thank you you very bad boy!! XO
Have to say that the zeke markshausen signing turned free agency from a d- to an a+.
woah... yeah okay
Hey Britt - it's "Zachary" who knew I'd get wifi from inside this car trunk ...just wanted to say hey to you Clyde and Buddy
Who's pale out there? Don't be shy. We're your friends and we're going to bronze you up for #FREE. Best. Price. Ever. This Saturday!
good day sunshine
yes sir. You need to come by for some spirits and wings sometime. It's been too long
hell no I dont want to love a cute person I wouldnt waste my time on an ugly one
American Idol is Wack! Phillip Phillips didn't sound that great to me. Karaoke at its finest....maybe
BITCH BE CRAZY!
indiana-miami? go thunder.
LETS GO UNITED!!!
ha! Yeah...I saw that. Missed it during the game but saw your tweets to Sport South.
plectrum artist spotlight series tonight on the CWB internet radio show from 6-8p. Go to unregularradio.com and be sure to tune in.
We hope all the #usf students leaving #tampa stay safe and have a good summer.
Stuntin on nigga's, just like I fuckin should, so GET LIKE ME, that's If u fuckin could...
1906 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost was a 6 cylinder car & stayed in production until 1925. It represented the best engineering & tech available.
If you have pics from the Friday flashmob send them our way!
You're new to me! Would like to learn more!
Thanks 4 mentioning us!
Visiting Belgian friend doesn't want to go to the CSO tonight (Boulez conducting Debussy, Ligeti, Ravel); any takers?
Attention SPFHF members.. annual meeting July 12, 2012 at Summit Brewing on Montreal Circle. Details to follow
Thrilled to be represented at this year's Book Expo America! Thanks to
P.U.S.H. - Pray Until Something Happens
Tv in doctor's office should be replaced with ANYTHING ELSE
Guidette workin the jersey turnpike toll booth
what are you talking about! look up the guy is living proof that gingers do have souls :D
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :p
Goodbyes suck, especially when it feels like you're leaving family. Until we meet again,
started at lynchburg, continued/further specialized at Rice. Also using my BA in spanish to bring in latin american component
RT “Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.”
all over my twitter
getting my snowmobile running!
**Mindless Self Indulgence "Straight To Video" music video**
lmao , ooh nice I give you guys props who did you guys play ?
This is how it started last time!
I watch the Rams only :-) I've had Sunday ticket since 98
I know people are going stir-crazy, but... This all started because a guy got stuck over the curb and started clearing a little patch.
Whohoo.. about to come on excited to see them again
the one who didn't show up to your birthday? because that's unforgivable.
Will be attending the WWIN show today. Have a Fashionable day!
ugh! Sorry to hear it!
indeed it could be. Thanks for retweeting Tariq. Hope you're doing well!
How am I drowning out the sound of construction outside? and a sweet pair of old headphones.
Flipping thru the city no destination where the good at?
Burger king a fast bite
sleeping all = feeling 5 times better :)
Liberian warlord Charles Taylor found guilty
Do you do samples, prior to payment? Looking for a new web banner custom size
hey. Shhhhh. Rock chalk...your 2 favorite words
Want to like opening band but too much grateful dead, allman bros, the band influence. When did Indie rock get so polluted with hippy jams?
a drawing of drawings taking over my social life??
Wow, this is going to be a lovely day!
WOW! I can't believe it! Buddy's is giving this stuff away. Laptop's for only 19.99/wk. This is a sweet deal! Check it out.
Any tweeps recently move to DC?
What time is it??????......TUMBLR TIME! :D *le logins on tumbr*
who's but is in the back of that? haha
Helping out w/ NetParty tonight! Should be fun!
Game day
LMFAO! This new dance that they have in Brooklyn needs to stop now!!!! LOL
Sounds gr8 Represent! RT “: RdV Rendezvous and Linden Vidal on the CZ tasting menu. Happy to be showcasing Virginia's best.”
That moment when you realize you're little sister who's in 5th grade has more of a life than you do.
don't feel like being at school right now.-____-
Lights camera...destruction.
Hey. Follow me? :D
How's the world been treating you?
Sending out all my #MothersDay gifts/ greetings before I take to the skies tomorrow.
A lot of missteps were taken in the Shirley Sherrod incident. The White House will definately back pedal on this, the NAACP already has.
Abrams rocking the house at Book Buzz Jr
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow! Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Due to all the shenanigans we are moving a bit slow this AM. Such a fun weekend though, already planning next years excursion.
“ When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like i'm in a movie.” RT if you do the same thing !
ever had those cucumber chile popsicles?
school is boring -__- wanna tweet me ? (:
Let the adventure begin. 100 plus mile bicycle ride fr Long Beach to San Diego!
You Like?
I also had cockblocker no2(my husband is no1) with me so...yea'
twitter is the place to find friends.
ASDFGHJKL can't wait till highschool.
but I'm fucking beautiful
reading is like eating ice cream, when ever your doing it, your mood changes.
Killing some brain cells
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry
If someone antiqued me on the red carpet I would embrace them ask them to join me for a meal of food.
Yeah, I'd love to stay and chat. But you're a total bitch,
But you see how both sides get out the big guns for this? "linguistically bankrupt"? That's what puts me off.
Sent the TV crew for dinner at and to The Rossi for drinks while they're in Columbus to cover #SuperTuesday. Dine local!
Mw3 is pretty damn good pero I'm getting mad at the game already SMH ...
Me along with my bandmates in BadHorse will be performing at the Super Bowl this year in Indianapolis!
If you say Jesus backwards, it sounds like sausage.
why not?
Thanks for the RT!
Goodmoring tweeties I hope everyone has a good day :)
Tigers got the club spinning swag right now.
he does.
The posted the most #CleveJobs in Jan-Feb with 1,781 jobs... WOW!
Switch your Prayers from conversation to God about our problems to a conversation with God about His will. Let God rule in your life.
I love how everything is funny to Charles and Kenny. He sneezes and it turns into a joke. Quality TV.
are you hating on mr Lin? Lol
yea I can send ya some. Give me a day
someone bring cheese to my house quick
we have certainly broken our "once a week date" this week.. I could get used to this.
Bensimon: deficit thinking contributes to inequity. We must be equity-minded, think of inst'l responsibility. #NCORE2011 (via )
Mirror reflection my love!
7 minutes until my first "strip" of the day! On air shortly on !
will be in Sydney in August. Can we do something together?
One of the most truly bizarre things I've ever seen on Twitter is happening right now at (via everyone)
Yes Im Doing Well & You !? I Miss You Crazyy
Busy already after 9 mins of being open....
We hope that you got your dose of luminosity today. Hope to see you again soon!
Sex is a three-letter word which needs some old-fashioned four-letter words to convey its full meaning.
...Excellent advice! I've read many of his books during the last few months
how cool would hockey be with out a goalie and a smaller net? #morescoring!
": I love Their bang bang shrimp is to die for." We had that tonight!
Ladies and gentleman... your job creators in action:
If y'all need a muse, I think I'd make an excellent one.
oh and i brought my dad with me and he won a pair of $1400 earings which he igave to my mom!!
2011- "Cool story, bro." 1837- "Interesting tale, my fine companion."
(Pulling into Grand Rapids) "Dude, this place feels kinda Robocop..."
WTG! is a great example of patience too - great job!
She is going to loose her fingers
GOOD TUESDAY MORNING!!! DAYTONA 500 IS STILL RUNNING!!! GOO SMOKE!!
Okay okay okay. I thought it was the finale, but nope! Haha next week :D
One of my favorite imagination activities: immerse myself in a real setting, then introduce a new character: what happens next?
email your address to sales and i will take care of you. What size do you wear? Would you rather have a v-neck?
Virtual #Valentine's alert! RT Interested in learning abt #wine and #chocolate pairings? Join us at this hashtag:
yes it's definitely a hideaway from the madness of Dallas sprawl!
Blowin yo mind one tweet at a time
Another #Southwest flight delay
Baloney! You should be ashamed.
Thanks for the RT. Nothing beats JCVD.
If you "stick to football" then I might have to unfollow! There's so much more to you than #Packers. :)
#MixedRaceProblems , They ask Me "Do You Like Your Black Side Better Or White Side Better
Congrats to #WHSbaseball on being sectional champs.
Saw Seth Rogan on the street today which inspired me to go home and write. Oh and it also inspired me to say "Holy Shit Thats Seth Rogan!"
hahahaha no I came to the OC to get some copies of the
Let us know what your are looking for specifically.
Now we're cookin with gas
please imagine my colleague and myself listening to you as students walk in & out our office, lol
our drummer sike. Hes the artist
ranger fever.....
You knew that was coming
FIGHT LIKE A GIRL !~~
Hey everyone! How's your day going?
New York Sticky.
But they got famous RT : Nobody has every got rich after somebody retweeted them NOBODY!!!!!
why is it misirable
thanks Reena!
Tried deleting several people & clean up my Facebook. Didn't entirely work so if I'm still getting your updates I'm sorry. I don't mean to.
Indeed! The editors really twisted my arm to do this assignment.
#DemonicDerek The icon returns for vengeance in 2012!!
this dj !! He gets down !! Sniping noobs on the snow ground !! Lmao
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and Happy Holidays everyone!
Friday night movie night with the gayboys
You don't need a SSN but you will need some form of ID
The only easy day was yesterday!
Note to self: There is no such thing as your ex being your friend or anything more than an aquatint.
Dental school form deadline is approaching here in DC. These preventive checkups ensure every child is getting the attention they deserve
ALL of this will work itself out... It Shall Be 4 My Good! ....you promised!
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you all had a great weekend ;-)
Councilman Tony Cardenas: Changing law will "increase school attendance" and "prevent students from entering juvenile justice system"
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Girl Panic" by
“: RT if you've hit more home runs than Albert Pujols this year.”
Four Golden Seeds companies announce major product launches
It could be fun as a duet or trio. Heck I'd give it a shot solo with the right encouragement.
Pondering the Yogi Berra quote, "In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is." Hm.
going birdwatching - will make good on promises later
I know, it's horrible ):
I tried it and it didnt work!thanks though!:)
Whatzzzzzzzzz Up!? x)
Teenage TURTLE(S) Thursday!!
Haha. Watching sex and the city.
come back to dallas!!
expoker pro now doing Wordpress designs follow back to dm about details etc should be able to help ya out.
Back to work! 2 auditions and a callback so far this week!
the link for work isn't working :( and neither is my FB acct at the moment. Her work is Awesome!
Debating on going to Electric Playground tonight hmm
IT'S RAINING MEN~
I'm really not in the best of moods this morning
how do invites work?
whoa whoa whoa. WE are not in Canadia. Just Not that there's anything wrong with that. I hope to try Avion soon
buzz San Antonio and having a blast with and so many great #spas!!!!
Happy to do it. I meant what I said. Every time I'd go to Paramount, I wished I was going across the street to Raleigh Studios
there is the right girl to live in?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Did you notice one of the songs they were playing in the back ground was Sympathy for the Devil by the Rolling Stones
What are your fave Pinterest boards for #familyTravel and kid-friendly fun? Who should we follow?
What the hell? Twitter tells me to follow Macaulay Culkin. Dude hasn't been relevant since he was 13.
Time to get going.
Ughh my throat hurts D: can't talk too much :'c
Hi LaTara, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
a picture of?
On the way to an interview. Apologetic stranger on elvatr, timidly: Excuse me, so sorry to bother you, bt it seems yr sweater is insideout.
haha don't worry, I'm just kidding.
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
A girl should never have to change her appearance for another guy, let him accept you the way you are
you guys are awesome<3 keep an eye out ill be posting a video pretty soon!
I'll keep loving him until the day he pushes me away ..
Death is inevitable and uninvited. Damn Whitney. I is gon miss ya.
Brian Jonestown Massacre with at Nessun Dorma. Best night? Best night.
I lost 3, 4 followed today...phew...I was so worried ;)
Hit the lights ♥
Is Starting a Business For You? A 10-Question Quiz In some ways there has never been a better time than now to start your own business. W
I'm at the Philadelphia Sinfonia concert enjoying a very fine youth orchestra! Philly's best!!
Do you think there should be a law that requires physical education in our schools?
You think cares about that? No way.
Seattle invented Starbucks
Man who lived with a bullet in head for 94 years dead at 103. NYT reports injury "did not prevent him from his work as a cemetery custodian"
Getting ready to write today's original piece for #Ocarina, but I need someone to suggest a style/genre :3 Thoughts?
Back in College Park
I just completed playing the part of a coked up CFO in a project to be sold to Comedy Centeral.
take me home country rd to a place i belong west virginia mountain mama take me home
So many things to bid on that I don't need :)
you are so blessed. Praying for you and your family. You will rise above it all
you in the R?
Thank u to all for your kind words today.
. iTS So Borinq ! UGH
Thanks for the mention! Happy Friday.
how r ya 2day?
hi there. I did a mash of you hit song call me maybe. Would you like to hear it?
Theres so many Mahomies in Cali , & im scared I wont get tickets on time for the concert in LA ..
I see you watchin me...but you can't have me....
We will be at tarahumata in Roswell every wednesday for the month of December. Thanks for all the support!!
i liked what i saw, but theater bungled showing. After film stopped working, they tried to fix it, and projector went AWOL.
Follow me ?
so nice to have a beautiful day again!
Moving from bing to AdCenter. Will miss my friends there, but looking forward to the challenges of ad relevance!!!
preciate my guy
Wait, did I hear the announcer say Conde was arrested for trying to beat up a police officer in New Jersey? *smh
I agree. #directmarketing #directmail is cool again. I don't remember when it was cool, but it's cool now!
Who's ? Lol well he followed me yay :D
Congratulations to !
'living from a deep place may require you to undergo deep #change'.
So i havent really over did it ... i know you two would put me in line real fast thats one of the things i like about you two
This pleases me to no end! I as well am so excited to see Barry's amazing work!
The Rod Blagojevich news conference could hardly be more entertaining.
I love Hootie & The Blowfish. You can't change my mind!
there is plenty of my muffin to go around.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 75
being a mommy is the best feeling ever! I love my babyboy so much<3
I'm going to St. Louis tomorrow!! OHMAYGAH!!
In Sally we see the burgeoning of the feminist movement in that late '60s/early '70s.
Correct, but we have start soon for the 2014 and 2016 elections. The GOP has left the Conservatives yet again.
Great seeing you tonight!
My 4 mile run was #GLORIOUS tonight! Hope you all got a chance to get outside!
Danngg <.< Is it possible for a person to fall asleep at 8?... No... Only me >.> x3
Over/Under for how many Ole Miss fans will be in attendance today? I'm going with 4.
Concentrating on ya pain ain't helpin u get ova it¡
i wanna see him today ._.
From our family to yours, Happy Mother's Day!
Wtf happened to Kelly clarkson
Auto shop wants me to replace ECU ($$$$). I asked them to send me file with trouble codes. Answer: we have no printouts. Uh... yes?
you could do the knife fight in Beat it ;)
Just spent the tornado warning in a room filled with crazed elementary schoolers
OKc did that Miami vs Okc in the finals
I'm afraid you're going to put rogue "?" in scripts. I am Julie Grauert?
me too! As much as I say I dont mind wakin up it takes me forever to get outta bed! Lol
Seriously. It's an impressive feat fucking up the ending of an otherwise awesome game quite this much.
iim veri relevant since u followed and tweet me first who thiirsty now biitch!
ah so jealous!! have fun!! :D tell the boys I say hi and I love them if you can! <3 :D
He Give That Ass A Good Thrashn .
You never forget your first. My first David Foster Wallace was Brief Interviews with Hideous Men
Slowly but surely all the peices will fall together
Isn't today just dandy?
i been thinkin bout #oomf all day. its killin me
my dad might be getting me a ticket for the game.
Thank you for the wonderful compliment!
#WeWontWorkoutIf you have bad teeth
How are you celebrating #MLKDay? We can help you out with some dollar drinks!
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
I love you. Always will.
Thank you, sir - for your voice and your service.
- Wishful Drinking is one of the best songs I have heard in a while! Come play in Georgia sometime...I'll help make it happen!
Tenacious defender who's as quick as they come---Lebron James---his 7' wingspan and vertical would make him a lockdown corner
Done already?
ahaha! I die. So cute. I like number 33 - boop!
Going to catch some Tennis on the #treefort main stage before heading over to see over
followed. Cute username(:
Law school might be the new useless liberal arts undergrad degree :)
yay i got my permit in the mail finally!
SEARED SCALLOPS Fontina Risotto, Escarole and Apple Brown Butter
I don't talk sh.t , i just state facts
Cannot believe I missed this while in Italia...also missed - must @ him more often.
Up Next.... Vinnys Ass !
RT : These SGA people need to stop bugging me every time I come to late night. If you get between me and my food, you lose my vote.
"All adventurouswomen do." -
thanks again! i've done that....only prob is it prints a separate dropdown for each option in the array...stupid html formatting
Does not look like we will be able to serve dogs today because of the weather...hope to see you soon - Happy Jack
i don't understand why my mom has to be a bitch all the time.. like, kill your self or get a fucking life! you aggravate the shit outta me
"True leaders are aware that they owe any measure of success to God and the contributions of others~BAMM."
yup just call ticketmaster and u can buy them on the phone :)
glad you stuck with it. Keep it up
,Why do u put Pres. cands. on Defense of each to start fight?they can't win on defense,remember what happen w/Hank jr.Backfire
Man roaches make me paranoid as fuck! Ever since my brother kilt that bug every noise got me jumping like hell.
Indiana is a 9 point underdog to Kentucky
my friend works at the camarillo outlets in so cal and he tells me how disgusting people act when they want to consume
M, talk about a flavor explosion! :) RT Eating sum Tootie Fruities and drinking
#ThirstyThursday and a complimentary Dewars tasting tonight at 5:30! Looks like the weekend is starting early in the
Twitter is so distracting -_-
Theophilus London has just been added to the & show with Santigold at the Newport on 6/13!
Want to see the typical sites, but mostly want to see the UK/London cause its like our Historical & Cultural Home. :)
I'll race you there!
thanks for the follow. I really like your work. Your pictures are beautiful. Have a great day.
lol i feel you . Making there job easy . Great thinking lol
Note to #NYR. It's impossible to score on a power play when you have 0 shots on goal.
I guess i look like i like being lied to and used, thanks bitch!
You and need to get married already!! (; I bet uncle Simon approves<3
No matter who will lead the Iranian people they still will chant death to America.
Sitting in geometry watching Shrek and writing songs.<3.
You Look Dumb =__=
I GOT ALL BLACK ON READY FOR WHO EVER WIT MY 40 ON DECK NIGGA
Yes lets discuss your random drug deals and underwear choices on the bus..all in a ghetto voice.
Really enjoyed "Terrified" man. Keep up the great work
Fresh off his freeze-tastic performance in the GOP Presidential debate Wednesday night, Rick Perry showed up on Late Show with David Lett
haha even better. I could just totally picture saying that haha
"Hey buddy, we gotta go to Queens!" RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
I just read it, kids love tho
Only I could get a hole in my hand cutting strawberries with a butter knife, looks like I'm gonna need stiches, fabulous.
lol. I'm good. OKC is shooting light out. I want to see more effort from Lakers.
I'm at the back stage for has the Internet made everyone an artist
do work bubba
Anyone still trying to lease in Lexington? Cause I've been home 10 minutes and I'm ready to jump off a cliff.
hey hey!
is at work....in the studio running the Live Broadcast from Escapade 2001!
i was hoping for retail so i could explore fit - madison, wi
it look like they throwing theses games man! Foreal how the fuck that happen! Aleast not to Philly come the fuck on
Fastest way to get your phone working again? Call tech support. By the time call back, phone works and you look like an idiot!
Is it still called GEEKTIME? Or is it now called "Ralph Cirella's Show About Superheros, Comic Books, Computers and Apps"?
We are still waiting for final edit for RESEARCH Remix video.
Agree : Q5: A lot of small businesses misunderstand QR codes and put them on their websites. Meant for collateral!
Music is the cup which holds the wine of silence.
Twist & shout. Today South Mountain Yoga 18 S Orange Av, S Orange, 4-5pm *Free* Community Class. Next Sun too the beat goes on. All welcome.
Jasmine you should come back to PITTSBURGH soon. we love you! :) did you like pittsburgh??
drinking bottles of wine at Whole Foods (my usual).
done and done .. I'm thinking matching closing night outfits for
Why is Patrick Roy giving an award to Kyrie Irving?!
hope you do too :) it's always hard for me to run after work (so tired)
wow RT Pineda expected to be out for a full year
Are they the children of the corn?
#TEAMLETSGOKIDNAPAUSTININTEXAS. LETS GOO!
"Got my 3 BET hats today, really comfortable and excellent quality! Very happy with my purchase" <- Props from another new 3Bet fan - THX!
Master's is here - will you be watching?
thanks so much!! :)
#Follow The Fabulous:
thanks for sharing the iEvoBio link!
Man when u went up 2nite, tat backroom clear out, vets&new jacks everyone lining the upper rail. DERAY DAVIS TRUE COMEDY MASTER
pale space shapes ▲ galactic laser show ▲ sparkleprince
McDonalds will always have the best fries! Damn that sounds so good right now!
feels loved and squishy. Thank you, everyone!
Make a happier life this week: (1) form/join a group that matters, (2) disagree in a friendly/respectful way, and (3) max 2hr of TV/day.
Hi everyone! Joining #swchat for the first time. We're excited for this weeks topic on "Building a Collaborative Culture"!
Mob wives repeat
awh  “: RTRT “: Tally is a good friend.”
Veterans would be paid what they were owed.
Can't see original tweet...what am I looking 4?
Truly #blessed :)
Jst watched chronicles great movie...but i didnt like the end...lol..
for those complaining about the new Lily on #modernfamily: TV shows do this all the time! Now, Lily can have more of a role! chill out.
Yes it is. I am so ready to watch the NBA sigh :(
idk but the Ghostbusters slot machine I saw on made my day!!
Just finished rehearsal. This is gonna be great.
THE ALBUM IS ALL THAT
I'm re-watching last nights game sober. Any idea why K-Rod pitched w/ out his glasses/goggles?
Just say it in another Tweet. I quote myself all the time. (I say awesome things! Sometimes.)
Looking to buy or sell a home? Visit our site and see how The Oertel Group can help. www.TheOertelGroup.com
Contact They handling distribution
Disappearing for a bit just in case any 26 year old boys show up on my porch, I won't have to come up with any explanations.
Live without pretending, Love without depending
Yeah def. sounds good
Welcome back! Hope everything was good this evening.
You'll be easy to follow as you appear to tweet once a year!
Anytime! You'll always be a Raven to me. Hope you retire as a part of
Everything's eternal til it ends. Claiming it's permanent may just perpetuate the delusion.
Go #Brewers !!!
Are you taking any students to Eclipse?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!26
Come down to Luxe Cincinnati tonight!! Don't miss out on a great time and awesome drink specials!
Wish i was still in bed asleep.
Guys check out thomasxdgk on YouTube and follow him
My fans = My life
got here late but place is still going crazy...
kicking back with a nice honey ale after spending the evening reviewing R programming (w,default.tag,model) {ifelse(any(model[,1]==w)...BLAH
another combatives course:)
France is officially f@&ked. There is a socialist president. Euro is doomed. Another nail in the euro zones coffin.
Well , Lazzy day (:
follow back:)
New icon ;)
Someone should bring me lunch
Pasta frola + apple bar
it doesn't say I sent you anything haha
Can People Give Me A Shoutout
I believe with me in the bathroom, not reppin Wisco well.
Hey Austin! How was your day? I love you!
“: I will help you pick up the pieces! That's what I'm here for. I love you! #fuckbitches :)” I love you too ❤
Sup up!
I think we your do a giveway 4 someone that has a #84 Brown tattoo. What you think Anyone got one out there?? send Pic!!
#fatindiebands Between the Bread and Meat
RT NET Software Engineer, Enterprise Systems: this position now up for grabs on our site.
"My cookie is yummy"
co-creator of Modernizr at
Tired of a cold/drafty home? Leave it behind in 2009! Call Jeff Reynolds in ABQ for a one-stop-shop. 362-0529 or .
Hey Hubie & Time to tune into the game. What are these calls? Who are they on? What does it mean? FOCUS.
That's a heartbreaking shot of Robert Kraft as the pass falls incomplete in the end zone
Double OT feels like old school hockey no SOs allowed.
"changing the wire to wireless"
#IowaDebate : "I work on the assumption that freedom brings people together."
I must have clicked on "follow" Why not? I thought. Getting info just in case 1 day, tired of desk, I become a chicken farmer
can I drink wit u
Not sure why has to pay $40-million for "deceiving people" who bought toning shoes. If you were that dumb, it's your own fault.
I'll record it for you right now herp derp all you had to do was ask
open tank at 3pm and a tank at 7pm if anyone wants to get a last minute float in, $15 off for mentioning twitter, 5033842620
Hanging out with my daughter this afternoon. Best place to hang out with kids ______
Bed time. Going to Earthfest in the A.M.Good night!
have you been hacked..?
I am also! Thanks :)
#5HourEnergy WHO!!!! grape flavor tastes shitty but it still does the trick.
Thanks to for following! :)
Thanks and for presenting at tonite's mobile meetup! Great job guys.
I'm good!
She's got eyes of the bluest sky as if it were to raaainn
Curating the history of the now: HyperCities has archived and mapped Twitter feeds from Egypt, Libya to uncover trends
Successful day eh?
Carly Rae Jepsen is so pretty.
It gets harder and harder each day..
I'm sorry. I'll be gentle next time. :O
Italia is only days away!!!
Oh, you're on a new diet? Please tweet about it daily. (Lol <3)
#towingagreement Interstate/Delaware and South will serve 7 day suspension in May but will keep its license and contract with city
GM! Last night was an unforgettable experience. Thank you for the great show! I will be seeing you on May 3rd in Bmore! Safe travels!
My tummy hurts :( and im missing him...
stay warm
Just got our and tickets for and !
Thanks ... you too. Interesting vocation. :-)
Drinks and dinner at the Monkey Bar. Felt like Patrick Bateman writing that.
no worries, it looks better on Opry anyway :)
Need to see Texas.
If a dude say the same line a previous dude said to me ; you dont get a Response from me ..
of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv. CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure my awesome boyfriend just saved me $700 bucks. he's so handy! He fixed my dishwasher.
Freut mich! Glad you're on board with #OpenAccess as well - keep spreading the good word. Prost!
you don't know your beautiful..<3
I hope you get better soon!
Thanks for the follow! Definitely honored!
You followed me already?
hi carmen thank you
Love that you can buy wine, beer, spirits, and cachaca in grocery stores here - too bad you can't in NY
I like that. No disagreeing with that, if you can make it work. Collection point is a nice idea to aggregate work.
- keep forgetting to call this lady back , blah.
I really wish there was more to my life than heartbreak and disappointment...
haha so after she came back from tour the with Chris Keller? :P I'm actually watching OTH now too! lol
What in the world...that's terrible!
I woke up with 50 Facebook notifications and felt really popular. Turns out 49 of them were my mom.
do you live in california
very cool on the kitchen and upcoming spacex and tesla news. Rock on!
Such a huge turn out for the summit. (:
THE HUNGER GAMES WAS AMAZING! Its now one of my favorite movies (with Titanic)
looks like it.
Well here goes nothing.
Just finished our last interview w/ Oscar's childhood friend. It's a wrap! back to the states early in the morning. This trip =
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what I’d feared.
Just finished my "I Am" paper for english now its tme for xbox livee (:
Daylight savings time!!!!
John Carter (2012). Directed by Andrew Stanton. First time watch. 2/4
I believe it's normally "the pot calling the kettle black" but you're right. My tiny brain must be acting up again
You know, up until today I thought this class sucked in general. In all actuality, it's ok. #AustinR just ruins everything.
Considering I didn't get to finish my readin-80% on my 1st quiz is not bad-but not good-I wanna serve full Alexito Realness *SIGH*
I know my mom & I may fight like 24/7 for the stupidest things ever but when I need her she's there for me. #LoveYouMom #HappyMothersDay :)
I'm not angry, I'm just saying: what about me says I need to see these otters that look like Benedict Cumberbatch?
RETWEET If you have a GREAT mom! #HappyMothersDay RT
A bad truck crash in downtown Columbus..also, one on one with Gordon Gee as Ohio State students head back to class..Join us at 5 & 6 today!
Friday Feb 3rd at Boomerang's in St. Bernard- our official REBIRTH! With Chiva Kneivel and oh yeah...IT"S FREE!!!
Each of the characters could have been the final one, though as everyone waited to find out which it turned out we had got there.
aww :/ I'm going with my dad & his family :p you could of fit in the trunk lol jk.
Chicken pot pie >
Dear Customer Service: First of all you should know that I’m typing this with my middle finger.
Shooting new promo shots today with our dear friend super stoked. Let's just say things are gonna get WET. ;-)
You guys are another best kept actors secret! Rock on!
#myidol - Phillip chose the perfect song. So cool and catchy. Great job.
It's fine by me if you never leave, and we can lay like this forever it's fine by meeed <3
you killed it on Conan last night. Funny shit.
beyond amazing:p
My #highered policy class went well. Great group of students - very engaged in the current issues. Thanks for asking.
lol, I think they're too cool, if the show was about them it wouldn't be as interesting. Accel is kinda corny but he's cool.
Making my own videos, so I guess yes, I'm auditioning for a role. If that sounds weird, keep watching/reading. I'll 'splain it!
lying you the one talking 1.5 million come on cuz and you up northview who you think you are
Get your wolverine lookin ass in the house!
Heading over to for $1 burgers and $1 PBRs. Then out and about in Milwaukee. Any suggestions?
How bout I keep the ones from my favorite professors? :)
Tip #179: "Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." - Mike Tyson When bad things happen. FIGHT BACK! DO NOT DONK CHIPS!
Congrats! Finally had it caddying 4 huh? When do U start & let's get Verona mayor out 4 a rd B4 U leave?
: calls #homelessness not only tragic but criminal in richest country. Plan for 0 homeless veterans in 5yrs.
If it's not out by summer I shall have to shoot myself.
Wal-Mart says last two employees in pork scandal released
Sup Lil Bro ")
Thanks for the tip. ": follow to start"
How is your boy Lonnie C looking? Are we banking or back peddling on him this year?
are you feeding your pet bear? :)
Tea Party Express emails are the most disempowering emails ever. They're all "Uh-oh, Wisconsin Dems have lots of signatures! Give us money!"
How would I do so on a mac. I don't have a right-click.
Why does the power keep shutting off 😒
haha that is either awesome or diabolical. not sure which yet ;)
I'm tired to..
2012 = year of the Wheatus comeback!
...but I'm not sure whether I prefer tragedy or suffering.... either/or if it's well done, I guess.
why thank you
SOUTH BEACH PRIDE! We are ONE! ONE LOVE!
And well you should be proud.
i was at work from 330 to 1230 :(
The dad from Hogan's family is on
brilliant. RT : I will be reanimatingtweeting somebody dead for the come Canada Day.
Karina Smirnoff Says Gavin DeGraw Is Working on Being Romantic ...
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
“: If people throw stones at you, pick em up and build something. #stayfocused”
now why would u put that mess up there?
Castlevania tonight! Who's down to party! Hmu!!
What are you obsessively listening to?
This town likes to blame best hitter on the team for its failures rather than the ownership and/or lack of pitching
yes it is!! So excited hope its good
George Kottaras with the walk off RBIs.
Oh my god, just reminded me of the Santa Cruz preferred usage of FOAD as a noun. Gotta bring that back into my vocabulary.
Ok I have Instagram now so follow me: MoniqueCherise ...Haven't figured it all out yet but give me a day or 2 :) Nite nite ..xo.
nature is cruel. Pokemon KNOW this
Wonder if the farmers were in favor of immigration crackdown in first place?
Food Wisdom: Rice is made soft by boiling it. Even so are hearts are made soft and tender before God by the heat of trial.
New songs coming to you sooner than you thought, sounds good DOESNT it
... I also think it's unnecessarily large. There's no need for such a monster screen. Hard to reach all corners with thumb.
RIP Billy's bracket.
we kissed(;
Between the study lounge, gym, restaurants, and showers, this place is like my second home. Multnomah Athletic Club
Great day of riding with some grilling after.
If they can avoid sweep tomorrow..still a 4-3 road trip...
Starting a new anthro/archeo list if anyone is interesting. Suggestions? Any ideas for ways to meld the LIS/Info degree with anthro?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up. Obviously our drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!!!!
i know:)
Pitched well last season. If he's retiring it's b/c he looked at himself honestly... Tough to do. Hasn't he already retired?
I disagree, you can't execute every great idea you have. No one can execute on your ideas unless you can articulate them..
Gonna go get Jamie, and off too school. {':
those Strawberry ones should be a regular item - delish!
"They taxed us in our own land, and now they want equal rights?!"
Why do people hate rain? Its peaceful..
: I went to Emerson until 2004. Used to live in the North End.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your permission. - Eleanor Roosevelt
true. I've been watching UC closely. However I'm focused at the moment on contributing to a sustainable republic of letters
you know what grinds my gears, dolphins fans
whatteever floats you're boat broo
have fun
hahahhahaha dawww, i wish i was there
A little! I've had it planned since January, but I finally made an appointment :)
NO! THIS IS AWESOME! RT : My wife wants to get on twitter... this is a bad thing.
"If I had a nickle for every dime you have; I'd have half your money." New Todd Snider album out today.
Really happy with the customization big commerce allows for...worth checking out for those who want to customize their shopping cart
ok..ima hyl if sum come up.
Oh, okay. I feel old, haha! I was 13.
I still remember the feeling I felt wen I first fell for u!:/
jeezy is all I listen to really
I'm trying to wait until my Panera lunch date to eat but I just can't.
Beautiful venue with a heavenly sound quality to support such talented singer-songwriters! Blown away.
So sick.
#TeamFollowBack_ (: let's go
when they sing in the car, & alice has no emotion at all >>>> CRACKING UP!
Why yes, "many of the piece's surfaces can be set in gentle motion by the lightest touch or breeze" & big phat push works too
Happy to see 's listing of the Top 100 bass lakes includes 8 in Texas. Yes!
EVERYONE!!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Peyton Manning is coming to the Broncos!!! Get ready for a crazy year.
do you think didn't call back to the show bc he was pissed at for having the pageants?
RT : Last Thursday tonight....nuff said....
Britney Spears - Where Are You Now >>>
oh good!!
lazy days
Nick what football team r u a fan of thats out of the state where you live?!<3 weird question but jus wonderin
Playing Dee Falice tonight in Covington with the great John Von Ohlen on drums. 7-12!
• Another baby???? I didn't even know they were expecting! What timing! CONGRATS !!!!
shockingly, I did not win an iPad.
Three different people have asked me to do NYE red carpet interviews. But I'm breaking free and going to Stevie Wonder !
): i will miss you dearly.
Bitch gott Noo money in the bank!!!!
include Gap!!!!
Oral bacteria contribute to #obesity. J Dental Res, 88, 2009. Take control of your oral #health & your #weight. Get CloSYS. www.closys.com
I'm going to enjoy a few more millionaire fantasies - and then go check my M*g*Million numbers.
weak sauce David #wheelsup!!!!!!!
It really bothers me that I can't decipher Ed Sheeran's time signatures in some of his songs. AH.
- the one where no one actually scores
hahaha it's so hard though omg its just when i have inspiration i can get one done so quickly!
choppin it up with my bro. "WE-GT-WK"
i'm going to be really upset tomorrow when i walk into buildings and people aren't lined up, clapping at my arrival
Thanks to everyone for making the KattCast the most listened to #patCAST this year! There will not be a new episode until Monday.
check ur trash can its still there on ur comp hard drive
alright Celtics, see you in Game 7
What a weekend! If there is two things we love, it's baseball and sun. Were you at Hana Ballpark scoping out the games this past weekend?
It's a great day to come and have some lunch out on the patio!!
Traveling is a fool's paradise. Our first journeys discover to us the indifference of places. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Headed to tomorrow! Anyone else going?
Faithful Elephants by Yukio Tsuchiya: Elephants die.
You can't tell when she lying you better learn yo bitch
Me and Janely:Whoo go Alex!!!! Yeah! That's my homie Alex Michelle Capone!!!! Whoo! You go girl... Until the teacher interupts me and janely
Hologram Ben! Thanks for stopping by, sir. RT : Fun going to the office for old times sake.
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b <3
Look out for
please follow is my sister !
#pinterest founder telling his story at
Good night everyone!
Haha.. He's from Brookline I used to see him from time to time. Dudes crazy tall! Like 6'4
I know seriously. My caffeine substitution is tea... So I guess I do have all four haha
Yall gang bangin $$$ is my sign...
For audio-only get a mid-level solid state recorder (e.g. Sony Zoom). Whether to get external mic depends on your needs.
2 steps back
Got to rep my daddy's team go
Goodmornin everyone and happy mothers day
You watching the fight this weekend?
I think 'scale-ah' makes more sense. I guess I'll switch pronunciations. :-)
Beautiful morning sitting at the lake drinking coffe reading scriptures listening to instrumental smooth Jazz and meditating...
#Celtics trail #Hawks, 23-20, after one quarter. Atlanta shooting 50%, Boston shooting 35%. Hawks lead battle on boards, 12-8.
when people say "it's hunting season" and "bang" I want to scream at them.
tell 'im to bring your stuff back >:O
Welcome to Mizzou! Beyond excited that you are going to be a Tiger!
do you mean for ourselves or for others? I know that for myself it's to create sense memories
Many thanks! RT
I'm surprised you don't have one already...
Ack! Apparently, an awards dinner is a "Banquet" not a "Banquette".
Bout to drop this piss 4 a job
If wireless carriers offer service at speeds/prices/terms comparable to wired.
It needed to be renamed to Icon-FaceTime~ipod.png from just , so you know for the next update.
Looking forward to the "10 most pointless website slideshows!" slideshow.
You surely can't believe this is an accident.
These grades tho....Next semester I HAVE to do better...
I think Q abt value of collections websites could really be "value of collections online" Is the website necessary?
Great necessities call forth great leaders. -Abigail Adams
new head coach huh lol
totally with you. Although I can't understand why they try to tame her with makeup and the whole look. Let her be wild!
The one you can afford and the one you cant afford not to have! Black Benz from a Black Owned Car Dealer. BuyBobNow.com
Greyson Chance at the coffee bean a block from my house?...that's a new one :)
Jst cut my favorite pants & made them into shorts since they didn't fit me from the bottom anymore.
Get out of the heat and get in the pool!!!
beginning of tornado season yo. be safe folks
“: chew is not for girls. #dumbass” remember when we tried it when we were little and thought we were hot shit . so funny 😜
HAHA!!! Thanks! I think Green is your color! LOLOLOL!!!
Closin in on 800 followers. Thx for the follows Sushi Lovers, we'll keep giving u reasons to stay tuna-ed. Cheers to the coveted 1000 mark!
getting off the ship and back to reality.
Tied again at 32 -- Oakland losing in Miami. We need to win this!
you know it!
Did you see that is #4 on CMG Radio chart?
And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold outside!
Brewers, NCAA Hockey later w/Italian Beefs & Key Lime Pie! Coloring Eggs in there too sometime!
It truly does!
I know- loved reading encyc. straight through as a kid RT encarta ...Lost all the dictionary's "proximity serendipity" -
I'm gonna get it now! :D
Speaking of, decided I'm def checking out Rubber Soul next wk. Want to try 2x/wk this summer. Sid wants to come w/me!
So.. if you were to get anything for your birthday, what would you want?
Anytime after 5pm on weekdays, 7pm Sat, and 8pm Sun.
thanks man
I hope you're DVR'ing for us.
ooh wouldn't surprise me the least.. That Helena...
Do NOT be gentle.
If you love someone, you better prove it. Because love is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
College Basketball Is About To Start, These Are The Big Stars You Need To Know via
#FEDUP - Fiscal Conservative - WANT HONEST & STRAIGHT TALK about DEBT & DEFICIT! Tired of smoke & mirrors & confusing political rhetoric!
Still looking for one more #DNation volunteer for the this weekend. Sunday morning 5:45 am-7:00 am. Who's down to help?
Want to see perform at the Chili Cook-Off this weekend? We are giving away tickets in the next 24 hours !
love the pics, can I make the 1of u at sunset MY profile pic...awesome!
Its normal for me to day dream about how i want my life to be.
Hoes want what ya got & phony ninjas want ya spot
Josiah Osibodu thanks for following!
Is that a bad thing?
We will be at Jacksonville College for Jag Day tomorrow speaking and doing a few songs and we will have joining!
What sports are you looking forward to this weekend?
This is sickening #Arsenal. Awful performance. Hope everyone is looking forward to the Europa League.
Do me a favor and don't me a favor
successfully lost my voice :(
"Harry Styles is mine" hahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahhahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahaha bitch please
I have it on spotify. I think it is on iTunes tho cus my boyfriend has it and he downloads stuff. I just subscribe
I'm guessing Friday is bullshit day cuz its always dumb shit happening #I hate the drama... miss me wit that shit
#FF and and their incredible website for entertainment, TV, movies, and music !
stoked to have at Beer-Con!
what are best friends for?!
Herman Cain: "I am suspending my presidential campaign."
Shout to the new follower !
One More Pick To Go Lets See Who We Getting
Watching Bjorn Edlund of #Edelman & #Shell speak abt #CSR and thinking about how it's always a double-edged sword. Tricky to wield.
I can't wait!
#PghPC Don't forget our upcoming event on August 25 ! Exciting giveaways! You must be present to win!
Had to create a fictional client for a project. I chose the name "Christine Daae".
“: Excel 2007, October 31, $225 – Beaumont, TX. Send 3 or more students to the same class, the same day and pay only $200 each”
Tonight has not been my night. If someone could be a sweetheart and pray for me it would mean the world to me<3
(unless you're ATEC, then send to Desmond)
Rough one Tooley?
How are people alcoholics? Alcohol is boring unless you're trying to fuck someone .. I dot get it.
I think they're stupid expensive but I like em!
A question for you all - is there anyone out there working in their Dream Job?
"NOW FAITH IS BEING SURE OF WHAT WE HOPE FOR AND CERTAIN OF WHAT WE DO NOT SEE." HEBREWS 11:1<3
gettin on highway from store
Haha, thank you for caring! :D But, I do not ever wear sunscreen. :P I do!! :D I put tanner lotion on to keep (Cont.)
RIP Dick Clark
Learning about #cloudcomputing from one of the best at #techinmotionphilly!
I have some great photos of you on my Facebook <3
as though the unwritten chapter is *real*, even if virtual and not actual. curious to hear what others recommend, though...
I'm just now getting on:(
Rule #456 - SMELL YOUR MEAT.
sounds good!
You're welcome! Have fun!
AXO, DG, PSS: You are not KKG. Stop trying so hard. Phollies will be a copycat sorostitute fest this year.
Dear Avis car rental, the workers at your Jersey City location are breathtakingly incompetent. 3 hours of my life totally wasted by you.
Day for soaking up some sun!!
I personally will be taking it kind of easy tonight, a long week has left me with a sore throat :(
Dworkin "People can live with income inequality...many kinds of inequality, but...can't live knowing...their life will forever be drudgery"
#incollege my school didn't have a football team
Or introverts generally. RT : Twitter is perhaps the best thing ever to happen to the introverted academic.
What’s your favorite late night snack?
Where's the Badugi/TD events?
RT : Up thinking bout my next move! I'm truly blessed
May the best teams win tomorrow!!!
We mostly agree. LAW did nothing to stop 4 years of regular pot smoking. In ONE moment, Holy Spirit purged my whole being.
Merry Merry! Dressed up like I have somewhere to go. All in red.
#Ways2MakeYourCompanyLeave Lie and say your about to leave
Meeting with folks Check out thei blog on Monday to learn about youth impacting change in our transit system.
im free sat. ill see if my best homie will come since hes in town for spring break. just txt me
Soccer vs MPA at home. Come Watch!
Cook as MC=hilarity ensues RT : ICYMI: Don't miss out on #RichieFest this Saturday night, or the terrorists win!...
sounds yummy ! Save me some, won't chaa? (:
SETI Telescope to Help US Air Force Track Space Junk
#NashaRashaNYC Fridays! Despite how it how starts believe your day will end great. Take it one day at a one time.
Apartments recorded the highest index rating with a score of 163, followed by hotels, mixed use, industrial, retail and then office
Slow jams is going down.i love slow jams..
In an effort to curb obesity..Massachusetts officials have banned bake sales in schools! Brownie Scouts must now be known as Veggie Scouts.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
#Casting Looking for and attractive theater type actor. Great voice for doritos spec this Sunday. Email.
I've heard of the figurative "pounding the table" many times and today I experienced it in the literal sense. No substitute for passion!
follow me
#STAR note joys of the malefics & benefics residing in opposition to one another: Venus 5th/Jupiter 11th; Mars 6th/Saturn 12th
DeLeo's only applause line: pledge for stable, transparent and predictable tax/regulatory scheme.
Happy December 1st! Cue the Christmas music...
Which bacon did you pick up from our Woodinville shop? RT : Nibbling bacon from , listening 2 ...
The Pink Panther O =
RE: My last tweet-- Probably not, but can you imagine iCarly; The College Years? lolz That's where the fanfics come in. haha xD
Why the .es domain?
I just thought you were really excited about him for some reason
Rehearsal this morning at BrandeisU's Center sounded fabulous! Everyone coming on Sunday is in for an amazing experience!
well convince ur friends! It's goin 2 b lots of fun
THIS IS NOT AN APRIL FOOLS JOKE... IF YOU WANNA COME OUT TO THE CLUB TONIGHT FOR THE CHEATERS HIT ME UP RIGHT NOW FOR FREE PASSES!
sounds like everyone got bored on the same night to me. :-)
working late...that's a cardinal sin for CRM!
RT this if you think we should do Restaurant Week!!
Is ability stable or variant? Is aptitude fixed or malleable? Ruminate, discuss, then let me know your thoughts and rationale.
Had a potato bar pitch-in lunch at work today...outstanding idea! It was great!
yeah but I just picked up some beer and heading to a friends
Haha... RT : Damn. Don't know why you always get unfollowed lol. Twitter must dislike you
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can't stop thinking about.. <3
We're the best, and I know it.
omg you're so sweet. Thank you! 😘
could you point me in the direction of a guide to what you said to try?
*falls on floor and lmao* RT : The Knicks are so bad the fans would welcome John Starks back like he was Jesus!
Thanks for the follow, Augustine! Catch us this Thurs. at Plush! #GirlzRock!
Going to work out and then go for a run. Definitely going to enjoy this great weather.
Where will you be for New Year's Eve?
#astdalc keep the discussion going! Bob Zimel wants / needs to know!
Let's all shut the fuck up and sit down!
thank you :)
Have a fun and safe trip to Aruba ! Do your work and then ENJOY!
I just auditioned for Arizona Lottery
SI saying he's going to Phils
Doing forecast's all day makes my eyes tired.
So bored in class...
There are 6 measured quarks, 6 measured leptons & 4 confirmed bosons. 2 bosons are waiting to be confirmed of which Higgs gives others mass
But where at
RT : laptop better idea
Every second one hour of video is uploaded to YouTube #shoutlet webinar
Good luck today!! Portland is still buzzing after last night
Officially don't care about ap gov
I want to be a basketball wife like 😌❤🏀
paulie where r u going this week for college football? We will host u in dallas
oh please. I heard that Casey snort laugh all the way out herr...
City reels under blistering ‘Kathiri&#39; heat
Happy Birthday !!! Everybody show love.
Truth is: Everyone is unique & special in their own way..!!,
YUNI DRAWS A WALK!!! OMG
i cant wait till tonight
IF YOU HEAR THIS SONG A HUNDRED TIMES IT STILL WON'T BE ENOUGH, etc., etc.
Indiana in 6.
Seeing halloween decorations in the stores is really exciting.
LOL I like your headline better
Well I'm off to bed me and Morgan got to work at 4 am
RT : Everyday is Earth Day.
Yeah, the photography is one of the most important parts of selling online - very tricky though! Best of luck to you :-)
That's a horrible rumor lol
FIRST NEW SONG OF 2011! Or at least first complete song of 2011. Submitted song to the Beta Monkey music contest. Email...
Hopefully you took Over the total in #AlamoBowl ! Crazy. No defensive players will be drafted from Baylor or Washington.
Who's going to the opening reception for Simone Leigh's 'jam packed and jelly tight' exhibit at Tilton Gallery? Wish I could be there. :(
Follow and tell me she's not a ringer for Joan Jet. Merry Christmas happy Hanuka and junk
The big thing here is to be happy with what you have! Don't cry for something different.
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Provider Data Management can also be enjoyable as a business. At least we think so!
Most students just want to have fun before they have to go out in the world on their own, financially speaking
Just read that it's Festival of Sleep Day. Don't know where, but maybe here tonight. Now grieving the passing of the holidays.
When someone texts you & it's not from that special someone <<<<
When you stare but she never looks back.
Updating my Twitter page and profile.
My favorite song off Diamond is Against Them All and the music video made it more damn awesome and better!!!!
Too many technology capabilities in Fed Gvt / DoD are "mandated" to be used vs. "built to be awesome and useful"
can't all be kittens and double rainbows. :-)
Happy to! and thanks for the follow back!!
Why do people send evites to someone who lives thousands of miles away? No, I won't spend $500 for a plane ticket to your one-hour party.
Well, you go girl! No pun intended.
Writers, have you ever gotten an agent from meeting her at a writer's conference?
Okay. I'd better go to sleep now, and then work on putting together a protest against the war on women's health.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul
#ilovemyMother and I'm sure you do too. Dont forget Mothers Day is Sunday 5/13/12
Agree. Almost wondered if it was a moot point...
Is that another one? We need more creativity.
New collaboration with Srecko Borse, Judita French and Teatar Exit! In American shooting in June 2012.
The people have the power, not the government so why are you so afraid of them?"
So happy it's Friday. What a week!
I may not have everything but I GOT it all
Red lights flash around the power button No Audio or Visual • Console does not turn on • Console doesn't respond or freeze 78.99
Thanks we'll take a look!
lol right? it's eating all this food that's making me sleepy!
#loopabroad is headed to Thailand! If you're 15-18 years old, check out the curriculum or download an application at www.loopabroad.com!
RT : I just read an article on the dangers of heavy drinking... So thats it, after today... no more reading.
Next steps are conversations with the county... isn't that what this meeting was for?
Jacksonville shopping :) now at a restaurant :)
ahaha. yeah. maybe that's why your mom found your phone!!
Conley keepin us alive right now
Birthday dinner @ the Cheescake Factory for my honey!
Thank you so much for the Happy Mother's Day greeting. You are so kind.
followed. Follow back pls
Happy momma's day #Guam time to all my awesome mommy fam & friends back home. ^_^♥♥
#imagine Austin: Hi, I'm Romeo. You: But yo-.. Austin: Shhh. Wanna be my Juliet? (; ♥
hm thats lame
:) Good morning :)
are you trying to knock this out today still
