": 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man." here is another good site :-)
What would success look like for you today? Picture it- then go for it;)
If God blessed a person with gifts, favor, skills AND they were diligent and prospered seems only right that GOVT can scoop off the top!
Dang my meditation sessions are starting to get DEEP!
Mastermind made it into Comic-con! RT : Countdown to world domination - 21 days, 16 hours... Thursday, July 22nd at 9:45 PM...
Just in bed listening to &
hello hello:)
"We're sneaky bitches!"
Remember back when they all cried Disco sucks? Yeah, well they lied!
whatever bitch
Who is my bf gonna be?
don't miss your chance to see in San Jose!
no trampline this year? I still have that hook up.
Pizza of the Day: Delicious BBQ Chicken!!! Come get before the rain get does!
black the sale there is nothing....where u tryin to go black Friday???I leave early in the am
Haye's Walk On By? One of the best covers ever. Thanks for reminding me. How you be?
oh ok
Seems ok to me. Never said anything untoward.
yes!! can you bring it home with you?
God What Do I Do?
aww I want one!!
Lower back: lower back pain with pain at the buttocks
Pretty sure my nuggets can take em tonight!
hmm.. $54 for the VIP pkg.. Not to bad..
Im too salty .
Be clear on social media if you're getting into advocacy
Yeah just Sat. You? Did you want to Sunday too?
FWIW the loss of Michael Pineda for the season potentially had very little impact on the #Yankees forecast.
It's crazy to see successful artists/producers supporting local Orlando djs!! #soproud haha
How to capture the richness of living?
looks like ill be heading to rottenwood tonight!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and fathers who have dual rolls as dads and moms. This day is for you!
Is your book not available on the Ipad or Kindle? Tell me it isn't so. I have several people who need this book now.
What people obviously don't understand : No one is forcing you to watch the Pro Bowl.
Bee Keepers are also part time honey smugglers.
What happened to summer?
no problem dear! :D I believe I told you I would always be here for you,and I don't plan on breaking that promise. :)
When you think you've come to the end of your road,kick er into 4x4 & make your own path!(been having to do that a lot lately in this snow)
USA is getting lucky here early against Spain.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous, fascinating, intelligent and passionate wifey, !! Hope today licks you as well as I would! lol
Donations drop for Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure in Minnesota ...
Across the Universe until sleep ya
I probably will forgive but, I wont forget.
aye bro u got off on that shit!
where do you get these they're amazing They also made me realize I'm with the wrong guy and that I don't need him. So thanks<3
David, please let me know if you need frogs or Snug-itz for the article with Brandon. Kevin Stallworth - Jethro Baits
My legs itch
I like them but haven't seen or heard anything about them since they were the in house band for the Milwaukee Beers
Boooooyyyyaaaa sit yo ass down somewhere looking like Catherine son from New Jersey house wives.
Super fun brunch at w recommend the crab benedict & apple pie-ish (can't recall official name) pancakes!
agreed!!!!! i mean why watch it after this? i live for Miss Jay.
Its 2012 but all intros to stand up specials look like they are from 1991
not worried about a thing...
She is the best!
You are more pretty when you are mad;)
Psychic: (Spirituality, New Age, Astrology & Self-help) Outside the possibilities defined by natural laws as mental telepathy
Up early for what's bound to be an exciting day at the with our clients! Pics to follow on Monday!
okay!! My other fav so far has been vanilla bean with caramel sauce! Thanks!
Deborah Tannen? "riveted' - Helen Epstein? "compelling reading." Proud to have helped author Diane Wyshogrod bring this to the world.
consider it done.
In my opinion, Pacers played better & are a better team than the Heat. But whatevs ~
retweet the music!
Come in with Eagles or Sea-hawks Gear and get 15% off your Bill!
Hi! Nice meeting you also. :)
that's weak. hit me up
Don't make excuses, make good. -Unknown Author
Sounds cool
- prayers are with u!
Thanks for following me, Andrew! ;) I enjoy to watch Mixergy Interviews. And, I can always learn a lot from them.
if goal is getting youth to use digital media in powerful ways, however, that needs to be taught. media literacy=important!
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
I like being alone
#WaysToImpressMe Visit us for a wax!
Leave it up to you to pick inspiring words to live by. Love your career, you are an inspiration too!
no I was gonna get the otter box defender but I didn't like how bulky it is
the highlights of Toledo last night: Jeds thinks Bud Lite is beer, the only craft beer on tap requires sugar on the rim of the glass.
You need to offer it in XXL
Dreamt this morning that I got 2 visit my own alternate/parallel reality.
thank you for the RT! hope you enjoyed the blog postings
Jamming to Brandy's "Best Friend" while brownies cool.
Such a kind offer but no thank you. I'm happily taken. :3
I wish I had sisters lol
Ready for this test, bring it mothafucka
Arg! Attack of the spambots! George Lucas, are you behind this?
Watching Legend of the Seeker. I miss this show. It would have been so much better if it had been picked up by HBO.
“: this documentary with Chris Rock about weave” yu tripping lol what yu on today
Cigarette smoke <<<
new idea for distro developers, just reclassify some bug reports as "feature reports"
stop by our table at the winter fair today! 12-4, Corwin Pavillion
I just saw Drake and Kevin Hart chillin at this comedy show.
this episode is making me extremely happy honestly brittney is hilarious and for real I think beast can take cooter.
"Looking for Alaska"(Green) surprised me w/ a profound set of introspective messages. Still, I maintain, parental discretion advised.
duh come on, you know they make out lay down when you see one!
nice! good luck, where you looking?
she says you aint noo good but you feel so good
is looking to go to Vegas with is soon?
Love how jealous dudes call me restricted to threaten me but they arent smart enough not to tell me who they are when I ask LMAO
in Wisconsin? We can raise money in wisconsin. The issue is national support - walker has gotten $20 million out of state.
I'm so hoping they do...... Oh my god. I'd flip out.
Good thought for the weekend RT Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince...
There are probably many, but I definitely like the word "meanwhile." I use it a lot.
can I buy tickets to tomorrow nights men's soccer game at the gate?
The Noyokos do a great job at not sucking.
We r in Pre-Produxion on a Compton Based Hood Movie out here in Kali n wud 4 u 2 a part of it, 4low me 4 mo details.
watch the season premiere of "ridiculousness" tonight on at 10!! can't wait to see if the hypnotism worked on lol
Welcome to Twitter my friend...Hope all is well...
Why is Bosh sniffing like a cokehead?
An email to The Sun's news tips email begins: "On the poplar internet site Facebook..." Thanks for introducing us to FB.
It is! Wish the rain would stop so I could get more pics. Did you see the pic I posted comparing the nest to my finger ?
Is a man of means by no means.
Taylor Swift is the cutest girl in the world.
very true
The sky is an eerie yellow and it's pouring out. Chance of Snow 100%. Is this the Middle East?
Glad your coming back to the MIA lol
millionaires in da building #Sunday & #monday GO #HAM wit #trunkbeatas &
As much as things change, things stay the same. Good proj mgt skills are always required.
Wow...tough tough tough loss!!!
BOO! thats her weak song, unless you're talking about the remix:D
what, you don't partake of the famous CT quadruple shot of espresso? ;-)
completed Chapter 13 in
Futo 2009 OV #wine allocation. 512 cases produced. I will be skipping on this one.
I miss you Bestfriend code:RAINBOW UNICORN
haha I told him he no longer has his man card..
New logo looks great !
Interested in local #Miami Bar Associations? Check out this mixer Wed between and Coral Gables Bar Association
• come on, it's the first game of the series...
Happy birthday to the best dude around,
Hello! Mut here nice of you to join us. Looking forward to learning more about you and your works.
New follower #shoutout! , , , , and Thanks for following us!
my name is Javier i am a faclity and school bus driver so im a doer too!
Can't go wrong with the basics
hey homie how's it going in the A? I hope all is well=)
my heart swells violintly at such praise.
Any word on plans for an iOS app (iPhone / iPad)?
taylor gang or have as many followers as ha!
Thank you for the follow Carol!
"When the center of the universe is discovered, a lot of people are going to be disappointed that they're not it."
less than 2 weeks left til halloween! what's everyone going as???
I just unlocked the I'm "Douchebag" badge on
Serious Randy!? Nah
If you're not at the Luke Wroblewski keynote, you're doing it wrong.
Thank you Lisa! Hope you have a great weekend. #FF cheers!
Boys are so hard to read. I honestly don't know what goes on in their minds.
PS: didn't photograph myself once the hair was done, though. :/
It's important to observe/be present with stages of integration. It easy to feel guilty, like you have to do something. You have only to be.
Yeeeeeeeeee Haw! You go girl!
Lea Michele is our Star love you <3
i call that "lovey eyes" :)
Thanks for the RT! :)
IASAS @ NASPA 7 am meeting very productive! thankyou Roger, Lisa and Rob....David the coffee did help!!
Northbound I-225 b/t 6th & Alameda a mess after multi-car crash. 1 car stuck under a semi. One-lane only. Man trapped in car, but conscious.
Organizational culture and employee buy in are extremely strong forces on customer experience
If They Crawl......YES lol
Seriously fuck mt Vernon and their stupid graduation dress code. If my dress and toms are inappropriate then kiss my ass.
. Each time I buy credit I'm charged a $5 Intl. Srvc Fee! Pls resolve this or I'll move business to:
and I'm being very nice w you
Wow nice fucking day out of the house I go..!:)
#Newark is a real jewel, fantastic location easy to get to from many other places, great shops & food places, allovergood!
Thank you! Most recent book is Magpies, which has just won a gold medal in Fla. Bk. Awards. Hope your work is flourishing.
Go home Rodger RT : Can't wait to hear Stephen A's defense of his MVP LeBron tomorrow at 10am E, ESPN2.
Can't part with that one. ;D
why am I not at #cscw12?
Lupus in Fabula => Speak of the devil
#Philly #Celtics Here we go!!
I'm also really looking forward to Kay Francis day.
Thank god! this is my favorite time of year, when i can cook up 1 or 2 huge artichokes and veg out in front of the tv :)
The serves SG White Cranberry Cosmos and SG Margaritas
She knows how to fuk up da mood
Sounds like your Seder is a partay!
To run or to nap?
I's hard to be positive when the weather is negative. WARM UP MINNEAPOLIS!
have you gotten your banner yet??? www.worldchampionfans.com
Nice meeting you on #spreecast last night - DM me if you have any additional questions.
Go play with your barbie and leave the grown folk stuff to the grown folk!
the north side giant eagle is indescribable.
Finally heading to join the crwziness of
RT Raven thoughts: Tyrod Taylor better than you think ...
If WWE keeps up the momentum, I'll be broke again next year. #WM29 :-)
Hit against Hossa was so dirty. He's gonna get suspended
guaranteed way to start off the morning great- Don't Stop Til You Get Enough. mhhmmm
debut EP #NorthernLights will be coming out May 22nd! Can't wait for ye all to hear!
I need a L right now -_- waiting for rell to spark it.
. Thanks for the reminder. I loved your beach photo the best!
I was inspired and doing great work til the coffee shop played Maroon 5.
Hey Meghan! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers
Woah.. MT : I wanna know why in the world I can't seem to get the Triple Play badge!! 24 checkins!
Ready to enjoy some #Winterfest at
he a creep & i know it!
Oh yes...there are many, many in the vast 94.5 LakeFM catalog!
the lattes (homemade sandwiches, soups, baked goods) are all coming so soon!
It's Monday, but already excited about Flower Mart on Friday & Sat. Such a great Baltimore tradition. Sticky lemon peppermint sticks, too.
Last Tip - Every interview you have is an opportunity to learn and improve your technique and skills.
turns out most people I meet have no imagination outside the logic of the market place, it is absolutely pathetic n these are "leftists"
The richest duck is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
I went to the CA central valley today & was stereotyped as a developer cuz I was working on a Mac betw games at a hoops tourney.
I'm addicted to TruTV.
Do you have a lighter? No but really do you have a lighter? Thats real talk
Basecamp: a good Collaborative tool for multimedia projects
Its official. I am addicted to eBay.
I just tried replicating the issue on Google Chrome and Firefox and everything appears to be working fine.
@ 's boot camp Sunday mornings in Parker.
Fundraising is standing for seven hours while people continually reject you. It's a living.
Miami Beach comes alive in winter thanks to you snowbirds.
Happy Mother's Day Sara :)
Not feeling well. Ugh. :(
Happy Monday! Thanks for joining the conversation. Amazing weekend. Time w/family, racing, helped a friend. Keeping the good Karma going.
Go teach them something! ;-)
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Glad to have you on board! Just to clarify, the promo is to cover your TennisLink league fees, not your actual USTA membership.
I succumbed to peer pressure again. twists arms well. ;-)
RT : I learned the value of hard work by working hard
If you think you might have left a legacy after last year's semester abroad happy father's day.
Thanks for the RT!!
I'm working with my belief of an omniscient God. I don't know if Tebow is a real Christian, I can only know my own heart.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVE!!
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can all of them make me laug
I'm standing on the edge of something much too deep! :/
I feel grounded.
I work out.
Thank you to everyone who joined the conversation last night! Social Good Detroit stands giving back and collaborative action.
From day one to day end, man will choose ignorance over awareness, for his back can only endure with arch.
Great to hear about others in the community doing what they can to advance Contemporary Art in Austin
speed racer lol
thank you very much!
all of th corp owned media is right leaning based on how negative they are regarding the Pres. GOP lie left leaning media.
the bigger the bill the harder you walk
lol. Nope--I had a huge fro.
She particularly wanted to hear Caruso
Rack City --> rt “: Just ate another delicious sandwich at I'm really racking up these loyalty points...”
Im out here hoopin ....im buuuullshittin fa real..
does anyone wanna like yano, be my friend and like tweet me? Im bored af here.
Things are getting serious about taking this cruise.
Hey there. It was nice to meet you (and your friends) this weekend!
I agree, it was a disgrace the way Elizabeth behaved. An 8 year-old child would behave better. Think, laugh and learn with Bill.
voting for paula Hughes?!?!
Kershaw, has had a shut out game through 6 innings. #Dodgers on top 1-0
Hii , how are you ? are in Argentina? I love you so much ♥ kisses
Android which flavor? this is one of the problems with Android OS and VPN, try live help and ask them for suggestion server
What the hell! Lol
Media presidents: tablet/digital publishing business model is murky. Maintaining presence everywhere, not sure what will pan out
Former Bronco Mark Schlereth IN the studio right now! Check it out on AM 1510!
it's impossible
I have a pic, should I put it up??
So pumped that the 2012 National Genealogical Society conference is in Cincinnati in 2012!
Go Gurrrl #nice #post recovery shake #must RT : I spent 48 minutes doing Step Ups For Cardio. 403 calories burned.
#getsonmynerves when I have to keep putting gas in my car.
thanks angus!
#sla2011 was the right conference at the right time for me...such a reinvigorating and energizing experience for an info pro in transition
if u hit a tree it does [i parkour'd myself into a tree once. don't need fitbit data to confirm that; the tree was enough feedback]
is a keeper! 😄
This is better than the L&GF tour
Hey Ginger.. Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for all the updates !
soldiers quartered in citizens homes: no one can be forced to keep soldiers in their home in times of peace.
Yes, that was part of our nighttime ritual for a long time. Still, I love Big Red Barn. Maybe it's the Nebraskan in me.
will you also be wheezin' the juice?!
WELL NO PROBLEM.
target, my friend. AKA the land of wonder.
Today's #BOB (Bit of Brilliance): Whatever you do when you're procrastinating is probably what you should be doing for a living.
of course will be glad to connect with you again, thanks for mentioning Good looking out.
Indeed - perhaps the fine should be that you can only drink herb tea for a week. (Would be "steep" in multiple ways...)
RT Pacifica Outage - Approx 7k customers currently w/o power. Crews en route, cause under investigation. More to come.
Girls who get tattoos just because other girls have them LOL
- wait. There are patterns?!
I'm bummed u won't b there on Wed, we'll miss u! Don't suppose there's a time I could stop by & say hello b4 my last semster is over?
Falling in love as we tweet! Thanks!
I went to the mall and got a bathing suit, striped red pants some , shorts, stereo hearts shirt!!:)
Talk to me? C:
I'll b working brunch tomorrow am so you should come down and say hi. Nothing says <3 like housemade chorizo and grits!
Ouch!!! RT : Someone throw a bucket of water on already
she knew she could have jump in and help her siser!
I really do appreciate your openness & optimism, though; it's incredibly easy to have a bad attitude & you take the high road.
because there's no obesity problem in England? Ha!
I need to get my license. And I need my own car. );
U guys inspired me. Today I worked 13hrs straight, on heels, stading up. So NO EXCUSES my fellow actors, No dream too big!
WEE hosting Women's Multicultural Business Showcase. Sat. July 30th 9am - 1pm need booth app. go to www.weesandiego.com
haha yes sir! Q&A and video promos with the man himself. See you at the Rumble for sure :) You get your tix?
Happy to report: Bilingual Press to publish Colón-ization by Andrés Montoya, edited by Daniel Chacón as part of Letras Latinas' A.M.P.P.I.
BYO toco night tonight!! Come in and get Dos Equis, corona, corona lights for $3 bucks. We also have $3 dollar shots of Jose Cuervo and...
Only consolation is the Yankees losing too tonight.
mind; "get off ur hungover ass and get to work!" body; "what was that you said?"
yea #ff is an awesome thing. your welcome.
Somebody please invent "Threaded Tweets" for backtrack of context = "Thrweets!"
Just tuned in to #Factswithoutwikipedia -- I'll come up with a good one :)
Love You ❤
hahah you usually do though!
Having clean hair>>>>
apparently it's amazing hahah xx
Hi Angel! It was a quick in and out! We need a Mariah show and some gambling!
Follow by the start of Toy Fair on Sunday and help them donate 100 games to the Toy Industry Association!
how did they follow you do you have to ask or something.
Atheism140: Warning: religion=hazardous 2 ur health. There is no uknowwho but Freud & Marx is his prophet. Faith=D’oh. Be good w/o god(sic)!
If you want to be really angry, you should've tuned into the #Astros game, about 10 minutes ago. Marlins broke the tie...
Oh Randy! Do we need to send a chaperone with you next time?
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. Andre Malraux
#facebook, let's hope this isn't the start of patent vultures broader attack on social media, patents punish success and stifle innovation
The Thunder just aren't that rusty
it's ok, no worries! thanks so much for trying :) just let me know if you come up with anything
I spent Saturday night drinking champagne and watching River Monsters. I need #ARealBoyfriend -MattW
Don't wanna sit @ home all nite :-(.... Somebody save me...
Y'all should follow one of Chicago's underrated stand-up comics, Chris Damen. He only looks scary. Maybe not.
Thanks for the mention!
Miley Cyrus's bf, Liam, is one sexy man.
lol! That I dont need to be on twitter! :p
too bad i have to work /:
The human centipede ???
Ca Senate Ed committee passes SBHC resolution (AJR 10)! Next step Senate floor.
Now that my hubs is archaeologing in Turkey I've reverted to a sixth grade diet - today's lunch: tots & a hot dog. I'll do better at dinner.
Conn. Senate passes Election Day registration
Very good to see this morning talking about the importance of education & research as well as the Cyber threat.
Life is all about believing and trusting who you are and not believing the others around you.
Love is like. an eathquake; unpredictable, a little scary, but when the hard part is over, you realize how lucky you are.
Eric Robertson at #MIGC: Male penetrating self becomes a phallic feedback loop (I just love that phrase.)
oh you know it!! You want some, girl?! Come git it.
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
f*ck love? no, f*ck the person who made you think like that.
Chris Lorette David Design is busy designing ads, flyers, and posters for our event...and she is donating every minute. Thank you Chris!
Jus leavin da Dr.'s office w/ da girls.. Smh @ when weather changes SO much....
Last night one of the worst nights of my life....
omg. i <3 you so hard right now. i've wanted an invite so much! naomi.r.estrada is my addy.
- Stories From Lakka Beach
#FirstEdition gets caffeinated with the pros- convention in town - we're sipping the good stuff
Lol me an rob hella weak right now
haha been there done that
Yummy sinus infection! Trip to drug store in my future. All exam rooms look the same. Just read an article on Spirit Bears.
A clean home is a beautiful home - - it doesn't matter how big or small it is....
yeah tell me about it, my husband is giving me so much grief.
Uefa are so concerned that nonwhite fans could face racial abuse or violence Euro-12 that it is backing plans to create safe areas for them.
Cubs beat writer talks about the role of social media, sports and breaking stories.
and do not deport Andy Mathe to his death. Refuse Service!
did u know that u put talk in there twice? :P
the possible trade value of Cousins won't be for at least 2-3years, which means current MGMT cld be f-ed by then
You forget to pray? Allah does not forget you wake up every morning💙!!<3
I'm like the Hannibal Lecter of quiche.
Im trying to post on Full Contact forum and it appears down.
Nuns on Fire are killing it tonight! It's going to be a hard task following them but we're going to give it our damn best!
ok so who got it
until does his good morning tweet, i shall be awake! (:
please contain yourself.. They ain't ready
The ignorant flees from whar they fear. The wise takes advantage of all they fear in order to become strong by doing it. Cayetano Arroyo
its not live? whoops. hah. i thought it was live.
I followed you lol
Spent all day cleaning the house for my mom. I threw my back out once (Feelin' old) and almost killed my sister, but she likes it. <3
I can change. I can change
very awesome. Be sure to say hello!
My Amazon subscribe and save list is getting bigger. Soon I won't have to go to Target to buy supplies anymore.
You drive, ill buy! Yup works all the time! Lol
No you won't! Just the thought of Friday will keep you awake.
#whsummit Secretary Shaun Donovan said Latinos lost 2/3 of their wealth due to recession. It's time to help families rebuild their assets.
wow that's BIG!
My negro, imagine my reaction.
#NationalHonestyDay I hate Wayne Rooney!! Come on City!!! Championship!!!
Train from ghent to brugge running 30 min late. Glorious sun
Urban Cowboy, Smokey and the Bandit II, Ordinary People, Any Which Way You Can, History of the World Part 1, Where the Buffalo Roam...
I Didnt Even Know He Knew. He Was Mad.?
dress it up with a solid pair of tight jeans. Always classy.
Chicken with Kale and Freekeh-Lentil Pilaf Recipe from Bon Appétit
damn, love that twitcon. Nice lil body.
McCann feels better, hopes to start on Monday
YES...we were getting worried!
James Harden is the black poor man's Manu Ginobli.
thank you that means a lot
That's good, yeah same here(:
Dave, since U started running through Womb people, U really should get Ron St. Germain if he's on the left coast some time.
Well, in a recent interview Whedon said, "There was a script…there just wasn’t a script I was going to film a word of."
It seems like your website is down, FYI.
Aye ! Where The Party At ?????
like, either with an errant fastball or his fist, it's a hazy memory
Pickup Line: Do you have a library card, 'cause I'd like to sign you out.
-takes the heart- xD Why thank you very much. ;3 Hahah. Oh wow.
Mom: "Is this... are you watching the game? I thought they played Canada yesterday. Now they're playing Russia?" Me: .....
I hope it's a girl so I can lmbo
Can we make him depressed again? he's so much better when he's depressed
A very happy birthday to Cheers!!
RT“: Oh, you bought a Kony2012 kit? Go you! Ya big social activist.”
“ It's a big world. Don't get so hung up on one person that walked away that u forget ALL the ones still to come. #TheSW”
Now that brandons outta my life,all I want is Cody.Iknew I shouldve just went w/ my heart,not my head.Mayb cody will forgive me,I need him..
And I hope that for you!
Number 1 goal of using a supplier network is to optimize supplier #collaboration - 41%. -
Good luck to NWPC endorsed candidates (Sec-NC), (IN-09) and (WV-01) in their primaries today!
I'm currently drinking a really intense Sumatra at Alterra in Milwaukee.
Two hours of "Cities of the Underworld" on ? Yes, please!
Jason Aldean tonight with my bro, his gf and the hubs!
If you can imagine it, you can create it!
wow - the triple dog dare. I guess RI has less to fear from global warming than a place that is routinely 110º in summer
#WhatIMissMost my baby boy. :/ rest easy.
Andrew Read reminding me of Ian Malcolm at the end of his talk. "Life finds a way."
RT : It's worth viewing the slides for this session. There's a nice example of wireframing & iterating
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
Yes but only the UGs that take it upon themselves can do it.Transformation isn't spontaneous or automatic.
Basketball, Beer, and Burgers. Get in here!
": Why do I feel so bloated today...." Last night's salad....
feeling that "now what" horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach now that November is over.
Pretty sober for once.
Things I've learned today in : 1. Redcar is nifty. 2. hates Journey, loves dubstep. My mind is blown.
Hey, Girl Scouts........launch an inquiry into reckless endangerment of children in the church.
RT: : Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
and don't approve of my playing games at the dinner table
RT Big Toys for Tots party tonight at Taboo Lounge on the 1st floor of Jillian's! Hope to see you there!
Shameful. Sad. Tragic.
Good morning! Get out and enjoy this beautiful day! Oh and if you want to get out and vote.
Orientation Sessions for First Time Burners Veteran Burners are eager to share their expertise with you to get you oriented so that you'r
changed my life this weekend! I am in #love with myself!! Ready for big changes! I want to share this gift with all!
#SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Leading Role: Viola Davis for 'The Help" Boooyah! Sorry Meryl hehe
Walking home wit these niggahs
we are at the Univeristy of Baltimore -- 11 W. Mt. Royal. -- in the basement.
One of the people I blame for my love of live music died in a car crash today. RIP Bear.
Building a lovely set of giveaway prizes for a random donor to CriterionCast. I'll draw the name in June.
don't spend it all in one place ;)
sorry bro. Ill be there in spirit. I plan on emptying spirits beer cart as we did on #manstrip2010...i hate
There's something sexy abt a guy washing his car...
New to the #MillerPark pressbox: An omelette bar! Yes, please.
thank you
I would love to meet for coffee! I'll give you a call and we can set something up.
Even against Bryzgalov, I didn't think the #NJDevils could score with the #Flyers. Perhaps this series will be competitive after all.
you are rediculous ...
imu too can't wait to be back
Well that sux, start on my bike ride this morning and had a flat, and forgot my spare :( guess I'm gonna have to get it in later
life is good right now
Chillin with Arcadia and Katie waiting for coco house to start, it's going to be a long night
Bad news from our tour: the Living Things won't be opening fr the Bravery again until at least CA. Send yr best mojo out 2 those poor guys!
Really moving to Virginia
Promote me ? I'll send DM from you to
I've been working like a woman gone mad. Tomorrow afternoon my break begins. Breathing deeply and letting the last 7 years go. :-)
is going to be the Luxury Expo on May 5!!!
O what new gay hell! Fuckcub shows up at my door 2am HAMMERED w/ nowhere to go. Now puking all over the lawn I spent all day working on.
Happy Monday everyone! We are almost at 2,000 fans. Thank You so much for following us. We <3 you!
The Silk Tie likes Esoteric_PhD too! We didn't forget how cool you were :D thesilktie.com
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the girl with the dragon titties
ENJOY AN AWESOME DAY ALL***
Hey #dc - see you in a few hours!
Your performance tonight was breath taking. I am so proud of you and you deserve this!
half of my retweets be from non-followers
Singing In The Chocolate
just got to hotel in LA i am loving it
I heart chipmunks!!
bought full size wood tombstone @ thrift store TODAY! Nearly identical to ones in a recent drawing of mine.
I forgot how boring this school is. I haven't seen a fight since I've been back, #sphs whats up? #MorseHigh I sorta miss you.
I am so excited that Anne and George-Michael will reunite in battle in the new M. Cera movie.
I'm good,how are you?:)
I know :-(.. I try no to go to deep though
Light of the world you stepped down into darkness.
right now? Cuhz i ain't got shit to do
Lets get this main event started!
I just wanna take a culinary tour of this mini mall right now
Duggin's in Lincoln, NE tonight!!!
did you guys go to exiled on hawthorne?
$5 Box Lunch today is Pastrami. Pastrami for your Mommy!
No state funds would go the tuition paid for #COasset. CO higher ed would receive $4 million in additional revenue/year
Newsweeks calls #Obama "The first gay president." wtf?
4 weeks from today my first baby ever is due! Spencer J Prescott Millett #Cantwait #Dads #LifeIsGood #LoveIt Love and she knows it
#thingsbetterthanSOPA maybe.. just maybe... Twilight and Justin Bieber...they are almost at the same level of "suckness" if such word exists
so this explains all the allergy symptoms!
Almost busted my ass walking up the stairs! I'm so damn clumsy!
thanks. I feel better now!
Dont forget benefit tablao tonight! 8pm. $25 at the door. All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012!
who still woke :-\
Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week. With the expansion, Verizon's…
Evan Turner is good
I Can't Call It Pimp, On The Clock Right Now Dick. What It Do Foo!
excited to join the flock on Monday!
Our picks r nearly identical all the way through. Damn.
Yes I do band that gambino kid
I'm relating to Bridget Jones a little to much right now.
RT : "Nothing affects the environment of a child so much as the unlived life of a parent." ~ Carl Jung
15-min writing blocks & challenging students to beat high score (word count) as a way to get them thinking about process?
Sorry. The Man requires uninterrupted toil :(
I would,:) But.... Your not following me so I can't :/
Colombian food is the best
I always have mexican food on tap
More Padres batters with .000 BA than have hits through 2 games.
RT LeBron would dislocate his ring finger of all fingers > would find thus funny
GOT NEW SUPER DANK IN! FRESH & STICKY! Still Home of the 4 Gram Top Shelf, Highest Grade $50 8ths All & Every Day! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com
Not the only one cps and charter schools suck!!
#perfect10miler done!! Love running in the rain!!
Alex, I'll take 'Signs this will be a long season for the Pirates' for $100 please.
Ask him if it was up to him, would they stay in the National League? What would they rename the team?
I think Dave might be able to say something funny about that - Ryan Williams
Do you play cash games on Worldwinner? If so, follow & play #LooneyTunes Trivia for a chance @ #RewardsPoints 2day @ 3pm ET
Chinese food is good
Oh no, it go It gone, bye-bye...bye Who I, I think I sink, and I die.
The feeling is bittersweet
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTHING?
Hm gonna think about this. But I think it's human instinct to make ourselves feel more intelligent.. Can't be 50/50..
woo hoo! Thanks for all the RTs!
The Olympic flame has arrived in the UK and David Beckham lit it! Sweet :)
Cheering on elementary kids is a great way to start your weekend! Drop by at 4pm to watch our SUN school league battle it out on the court!
UNFOLLOW THISz PAGE IT GOT HACKED N FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Lennon's Imagine remains such a subversive song that the guy singing on ABC right now had to change the lyrics
healthy breakfast
Thanks for the follow... Do I know you? How'd you find me? Just curious.
really cool, so proud of you
listening to 's closing plenary at the CIC-NetVUE conference
Then I guess im honored to know her besty!! RT : no my bestie owns
is so ready for the holidays! Merry Christmas!
i miss your stinkin butt
me too Man! Can't wait!
Sales tips for all- "Play dumb" ask questions you already know answers to...can then transition into any topic with ease and break the ice.
going to the hospital , For everyone that cares . # Done
They still suck!
Page doesn't exist! What was it?
These new commercials are hilarious! Saw two today that had me LOL. one is awesome. Nice to see him.
I missed the game but it sounds like the Yanks won according to my TL ... !!
Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind.
Don't forget Acoustic Guitar this Thursday from 7pm to 9pm with Greg Shibley!
Our OB Rec Center events are back on this week - join us for volleyball tonight, basketball tonight, and dodgeball on Wednesday!! :)
RIP Notorious B.I.G...still listening and loving your music!
Haha. Can you blame me! But i'm dead ass. What do you want me to save your name as in my phone?
aww!!i didnt know tht!:))its cool;)so, wht r u doing now??:)
cool hair
saw #vaginalfantasy and thought of dirty tweets about lol
thanks. :) think you can get some other lawlorffs to send some?
Hello and good afternoon to all my followers, new and old!
Cannot agree more RT ’s Will Welch: Street style has become too self-aware, ‘like reality television’ nym.ag/qhV1HX
I think a certain Pomeranian might feel left out of the new redesign ;-)
Could be better how are you? RT : Hey how are you today?
#itsawesomewhen you're on a railway mail train at night and there's a full moon.
Some mind are like concrete, thoroughly mixed and permanently set.
One Direction<3
And in 3D. But keep it in B&W. RT : I am officially announcing that I am re-making THE ARTIST with sound.
In Orlando, wonder what I will do tonight? We return to Universal Orlando for 3 BIG DAYS of IMPACT Tapings Mon/Tues/Wed!
Um oka Night i guess ...
2 Finga's In The Air to
#dear let's make a wonderful mark to remember :)
great pic. What a way to ring in the New Year!
What tips do you have for decorating for the new year?
I got good frans. I like 'em.
Can't wait to get our new tees! Check out their clothing line!
please follow so I can hit you off wire :-) I'm coming tonight Bringing your comedian friends Lamont Johnson plus
thanks lindsay. Keep watching. More insanity to come :)
yeah I see haha
Shoots out to and always a great moments with them and ....
haha wys neva went to class a full week....
Come on lawlorffs let's get to 25k :) <3 FOLLOW HIM!! We can do it.
This is why I love
It was great to see our soldiers coming home...but I find myself praying for the hopeful, quiet Christians staying in Iraq. Pray with me!
rapid fire and a silencer
good "Cuz I'm tryna have random b*tches personally strip for me"
New Position: Managing Director & CEO @ New Jahusalam Film Inc.
ah I'd advise you not to...I'll be with the quirky bunch dealing with awkward silences.
call me.
I think i need a new liver
Seriously, I'm even hitting all the green lights. :-D
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
Buy me something!
we will be hanging out at our booth at tonight in bixby knolls. come enjoy an evening of art, shopping and dining!
thank you!!!! Spread the word! Lol.
just fall asleep and burn up the chicken
Great as well.Are you looking for new tracks at this time?
Rest in peace both Joe Simon and Eduardo Barreto.
Not surprising with this group of people. Wait til after party RT One of the most thrilling events I've ever been to
So excited
RT : It WAS an official swarm! Final count: 56 peeps at #chocotweetup benefiting Pasados Safe Haven!
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music. — Ronald Reagan
. inspired parties. I think YES! cc
It's not French. And you love girly men, so I don't want to hear it.
Tuesday nights this Feb are awesome - The Makepeace Brothers bring IT!!!!!
Fact is sometimes stranger than fiction--but dressing as your dead mom to collect her social security checks is absurd.
Does anyone know if there is a plugin for Wordpress where I can drag photos from Microsoft Word to the editor w/o losing the images?
I need to go summer dress shopping
Interesting theory! Have you heard the pipes on the POTUS?
thanks! I'm gonna wait and get it done in the summer though. /:
you're on your A game...I'm definitely not -__-
looking intently! Lolol
No Bull.
#MARVELOUSMONDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!! TODAY SMILE AND MAKE SOMEONE ELSE SMILE NOT ONLY WOULD YOU BE MAKING THEM SMILE BUT YOU'LL FEEL GOOD INSIDE
The beginning symptoms of diabetes is just ignored Spidey Sense.
hey girl - i'm doing really great. how are you? definitely need to catch up. looking forward to hearing your life details!
You cant blame me for what im doing, you cant blame me for wondering how its like on the other side and have control.
I wear the blue apron all the time. Thinking of you. Team Dougie Fresco Reresent Yo
#OccupyMadison rally on the capitol steps.
Girl you need help. Save yourself.
It feels like you just don't even want me anymore
You are not "different" just because you don't like "mainstream" music. Please get over yourself.
I did not know Viigo supports Twitter!
No doubt!
Both! Lol RT : Did 's account get hacked or has he been drinking heavily
I'll bring it ;)
are there any stats for plate discipline? because I am pretty sure the pirates are at the bottom. just curious. not hating.
When is editorchat?
So Cassidy, when are we fucking him again?
I'm so excited for #WolowitzWedding. This is such a good episode so far.
RT : Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
Here's an important question: Pop-Tarts or Toaster Streudels? Which is best??? I'm on the fence.
#Beautiful #hair, start with your #mind. Taking care of yourself is the first step to #gorgeous hair. Yes beauty starts from within.
": In a whatever mood today. Today is just boring." It's cause you haven't seen me, duh!
it has nothing to do with race
It's About To Go Down...
Everyone wants you to succeed. Rather than saying no, find a way to accept the help you need.
First day off consists of watching the entire lord of the rings trilogy :) while laying back eating spaghettios and drinking Sunny D
:( #iphoneprobz RT When your phone automatically changes something & you send it before looking <<<<<
Give up personal willfulness, admit your mis-steps, and ask for the wisdom of greater insight.
word. Keep in touch dude !
Tonight 5-8 our last Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store + free champagne.
Thank you! I put them in my documents! I'm getting so good at this! : )
thanks for the #ff. Happy Friday!
Integrating with a poorly designed API is like trying to have a meaningful conversation with a drunk. But with you being sober. :/
we love you bro. so much love
mmkay how long will that take?
buuuuuuuhhhhh. Two Weeks and two days
Was it worth it? I don't know. We'll find out soon enough.
Fresh watermelon juice....perfect.
"what do you mean by controlling the pace" -sideline reporter interviewing Kobe @ the end of the second quarter. Smdh
I LOVE YOU TO
Roll call which lovely ladies are busing it to chitown this weekend?
I was so hoping 2finally hearU do Unchained Melody& w Sir Elton John! OMG,It's so beautiful. PLEASE record w Sir Elton 4charity.
Sometimes I just miss Barenaked Ladies so bad. Shallow, I know, but still.
IATHian Chad Keller is in Jamaica at #vaf11 discussing tourism & cultural heritage. Cool & yay, but why aren't WE in Jamaica?
Looking for media sponsor for AZ tour dates.
Favorite quote: "I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free." Michelangelo
blah blah blah mashed potatoes!
hell yeah hands down !
If your website looks exactly like your comps, you ignored what you discovered during the build.
WONDERFUL Tower Awards Gala last night! The collective vibe of celebrating great work was a lot of fun.
I Ain't A Playa I Just Crush A Lot.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come see us in Hollywood tonight at Piano Bar for FREE!!! 10pm.
the gremlin <<<<<< jessi
A dog is a true friend & family member. and gave her the best life she could have ever wanted!
I can hear it! I turn and my chair and it squeaks like a rusty old door being opened. I will bring my WD40 next weekend.
I hate trying to figure out where i want to eat sometimes. There are too many choices!
how much better do you think c.j. Wilsons stadium is looking now?
My girl Adele did her thing:) wish she would have sung my song # someone like u. ......
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Lovely to meet you all GREAT day attending the book binding, letterpress, & publishing&community panel!
Thank you. I'm going to try Coconut Oil. I've loved Midsummer's Night for years because it's cheap and I thought healthy.
Today wasn't so bad im enjoying the boys right now
Wondering if it's worth it for the Jets to trade up to draft Sanchez.
I'm both shocked and appalled that no one has invented Thunder Down Underwear. Who wants to sit down and design these babies?
Perfect!!!! Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!
PS, will it rain on me tomorrow while I'm covering the Mayo Invitational out at Eastwood???
Training sucks.
aw I fell asleep sis
One key to successful agency partnerships: Lack of service crossover
DAMN YOU CHILDREN
Love how positive all the contestants who lose the battle rounds are on
...A,B, mofo C creep creep creepn im on the scene...nigro I called n u sent me to VM. Now I gotta send u to Cap:-) !!!
aww my heart broke.. I'm sorry brah... Have you eaten breakfast yet?
" A Girl plays with your Mind. A Woman Explores it. "
Excited about potpie tonight with too bad we will miss !
good morning boo;)
will hook you up on the info
"That was some good fishin'" what a line
ACRL's summary of Midwinter update on the Value of Academic Libraries project, 2nd IMLS grant to submit in Feb; thoughts?...
STILL SNEERING.
Wow!!!! It aint even Holloween yet but it alot of Trick or Treat going on lol
Why did I choose the 6AM flight again? Security gate is not even open yet.
Can't sleep
First day of Spring ... Brighten up, & smile!
On my way to CANADA!!!!! Yay:) "I'm so excited and I just can't hide it I'm about to lose control and I think I like it"!! ;)
We are so excited to get the academic year started!!!
it is disturbing lol. if you want to know what it is... just watch the movie lmao
she was literally lying in that position for 1/2 an hour staring at me.
what tickets were you trying to win ?
[Aladin-alert] Gallaudet's Fiscal Year End November 3
Hey ..that was so awesome of u to blast out like that on our behalf ..... thanks a ton!!!!!!
ok good. So u starting off right then I get the second tab!
well you should see how I treat people I don't like.
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing.
Estupido internet lento!!
Dave, Skelly, and Abby are playing happy hour at tonight 5-8!
Making coffee...its too early
Thanks to JD/MBA Katie Imler who helped me prepared today's social media presentation!!! Brilliant!
: then this is your golden opportunity to run the race dressed up as a bowl of jello.
You were hilarious on Ellen today! Love your show!!
I'm kinda already over this semester.
If it aint money it don't make sense!
New battery for my mac! Much over due! :-)
It all comes down to just over a minute. Go Niners!!
preach it
Just saw u on ESPN, u r my fav NFL reporter! Please go warm up with a hot chocolate :)
want a cigarette?
How do I squeeze more hours into the day?
good question! RT Are you a male? How much do you want to know about wedding planning vs about marriage?
you look more like and old courier.
Hey! Yes we wrote/produced/recorded all of our demos :)
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!! Love and be loved:))))
Hey are you still going to do Austream? :)
Happy Easter , wish you weren't workin so we could hang today!
" what's the name of your restaurants in new york: Talk 2 me West Coast"
New Orleans midget prostitute? The Small Easy? Anyone?
My mom didn't realize that people label the past with B.C.E. now in history books
Hm Breakfast? Come and get a breakfast burrito or huevos rancheros with rice and beans to start your wednesday!
Cattleman's will be at the Orlando Food and Wine Fest this year! Check it out! www.orlandofoodandwinefest.com
Thank you everyone for the like!!!
Its crunch time for this chick, save all that extra shit mama ; )
well you see, ima make an instagram & you guys are all gonna follow me. ☺
why r u talking to me?
Excited for tomorrow!! thank you to everyone who has liked my picture :))
Hey Jack always enjoy your insight. keep up the good work
downtown Nashville! I legit was scared for my life. She also called me a dog fucker.
Good day my friend!! aahhh-u caught that jazzy version of Rick James I see!
(Rich) Small investigation this Friday evening. Family in need and scared, so short notice. Hopefully can find cause and put them at ease.
you Mike Ditka now? Stop it.
until the premier of season 5! Yeah! Can't waite!
Bible study with an M16 in everyone's lap is kind of weird. So is showering and sleeping with one.
I wish i could go back to high school.. 😔 i wanna do it all over again but better this time..
Assembly Public Hearing on #FamilyCare Cap bill set for Thursday, Feb. 23 at 10 a.m. in room 417 North
Packing my dorm.
thank you!!!! JUST TWEETED AT ME!!! AH
hey you gotta see #HungerGames it amazing ! I'd see it again.
Sales next week for after thanksgiving sale! Stop in for some great deals!
Want play-by-play of yesterday's #AkomaNtoso training that Knowledge As Power hosted at NDI's office? Check out 's tweets!
did you get to swing a bat today?
lovely...glad to connect with you here!
drinking idle hands by - phenomenal DIPA that holds its own against the stalwarts of the style. Well done.
Damn Who Put This Bitch In Charge?!?!
What's on your mind?
Just watched the Office, so freakin funny!! Now I am again restoring my jebus phone since it crashed and going to watch Parks and Rec!
I'm so bored Wat is it to do in Belleville around dis time
Nice catching up with Dani, who I found out, shares a bizarre fascination of cheesy Disney channel shows, ie: Wizards of Waverly place.
I would like a butter pat for a pillow.
I've heard he helped both UCLA basketball and USC football guys.
: I really enjoyed reading your book "The Simple Twitter Book". Very useful. Thanks!
": Davis biggest lead of the game at 21 points, and has forced 4 straight Evergreen Turnovers to end 3rd Davis 53-32 #wabkbscores"
just watched #Kony & I care... but I couldn't help but notice that they picked national smoke pot day as their action day. poor planning?
It never ends.
awww snap, former Seattlite? What's your favorite place?
Thank you! :)
I'll be my own reflection
do you like say everything that come to yo mind
just came in the house ! drinking a extra cold coca cola ! my favorite .! but fina get in the shower !
New breed of printers as stated by Tony Harris
Ssgsshdgjkgjgh RT : nigga Shutcho pussy ass up...before i put you in the hospital again
No. 2: Led Zeppelin, 'Kashmir' – Top 100 Classic Rock Songs - Ultimate Classic Rock
Thanks we'll share with our followers.
You get to have all the fun!
u feel that?That itch?yeaah that tattoo itch whats that you cant get one before basic?Aw ill tell u how much I enjoy it:)
b current format allows players like Chris Ivory make a team like the saints. Don't take that opportunity away from them
It was hilarious to see! And slightly uncomfortable.
#Whitney Houston left her legacy, in film & music. My favorite movie & song "Waiting to Exhale", "Where Do Broken Hearts Go" we'll miss her.
prolly come to texas city 2dayy
Gevey Sale ends in 2 days. Hurry and Unlock your iPhone today for only $10.
We utilize twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good news. My predictive text knows the word "Fhqwhgads"...
Glad you're well! I can't complain about anything really :)
will win nd raw gets taker n del rio
Yo! Chaos Reigns Bro! :)
I have approved them for posting, they will be tweeted in a moment
Ah 6 minute plank hold, came in 2nd!! Congrats Jennifer - well done :)
The only "War on Marriage" in our country comes from the Republican's who want to enact a constitutional amendment AGAINST marriage equality
I hate you so much. I love you so much. I'm mad at you. But when I see I can't help but smile.
“: im off today”good
is a great example of someone who followed her dreams - knew she wanted to be on the news since she was a kid!
Depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Call Brown & Jones, CityCenter735 building. Gym facilities, Concierge service, wifi conference rooms
My friend Aline, a fantastic photographer.
sounds good, lunch works best!
who's at tasty trucks tonight?
Happy to be there! Thank you for the opportunity!
I think everyone should have an anthropologist on staff but I'm biased.
new jack white is too perfect
Getting beyond the situation of the current factory model of the school.
Happy Laborday, speaking of labor, I'm working my Isreal case thisw morning.
Country Boy tomorrow! Whee!
had Berela's this morn.Huevos!The other morn Golden Pride.M breakfast!
‘Abdu’l-Bahá just missed his train! The carriage that was to take him to the station was late picking him up.
disney take me please
EMS GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
July 18, 1987 - Don Mattingly homers off Texas' Jose Guzman to tie Dale Long's ML record of hitting a home run in eight consecutive games.
Yes! Time to rest! Another fun week will begin tomorrow! Good night shasticians! We hope you had a shastic kind of weekend! ;)
I vehemently disagree. At least not inherently, maybe some. re: "I think what people make with is art." —
I just got followed by , aka Garlic Jim's Pizza, in Bellevue, WA. I have no idea why, but it sounds AMAZING.
how did u make that mistake?
Smoking a joint by myself on the top of the bleatures at the park, someone come smoke with me:-)
"Baby I fucks wit u"
I wonder if Amare Stoudemire was so upset about hurting his hand that he punched a wall with his other hand....
Thanks for the RT! How are you?
whats up w rubbernecking & the ability to get so distracted by someone elses drama that 1 gets completly off path...wait.nevermind.love<3
If raul gets up were takin the lead watch
Ha!! My Man Mad.. #sucka#You know what time it is.. (Let Me know) #WhenYOUreadThis#
Thank you soo much :) We'll have a new single out soon entitled Words Well Chosen so keep an eye out!!
Lame. I have work in the AM and am sick you should be going...
sad my bestfriend doing me like that.. Psh
Not recently, I think I scared em all off lol!
At an Elton John concert. 7ft Grand piano on stage should be awesome
man that sound good as hell...ill have to use that theme
Only in NYC for a weekend and I was able to get 3 foursquare badges without trying. We need more foursquare enthusiasts in South Florida!
AH! The level of joy (and terror) in that pic make me want to move back to be close to you! You da best.
In San Fran. Open to recommendations on place to go out tonight.. Dm me
justin is almost at 22 million followers....THATS MY BOY :')
I don't have action on the game but is that a bad call.
I just had to listen to a woman flossing & gargling in the 2nd fl bathroom
I finally got my L's on friday and it felt like I just turned 16 again lol
my swagg dont ever turn off it got a generator lol
Hahaha! All of you people bragging on twitter & tumble that you're going to coachella and I'm not! ITS RAINING! ☔⚡🌀☁
#NowPlaying The Electric Prunes – Are You Lovin' Me More on
Kaizen = Continual Incremental Improvement. A ship cannot steer when it is still.
Tune to at 6p for 's latest nonprofit initiative #MusicForAMission during SOUNDWAVES pool shows this summer
you buy a playstation
Boys who hit females need there asses beat !! You came from a woman fuck wrong with you !!
owww I love your new Twitter pic! We need to get a sock bun pic next <3
What a great #EarthDay initiative!
What are you up to over there, Mike? And, does it need to be radio-controlled? ;-)
So ready! Two days left at HQ then its time to get this show on the road!
I heart the Happy birthday, Tony!
Oh that is a fantastic idea; didn't know they had just the glass part!
I blame YOU Katy K for turning me on to the train wreck that is...The Bachelorette
And, as always, you are most welcome Joan.
If you're trying to craft a work email that says "this is f***ing bulls**t" in diplomatic terms, the best thing to do is not even send one.
If only I was motivated to study...
“: Mention me your Instagram you guys, so I can follow you !” <==== josh_no_drakebell!
Loved you on American idol any chance you'll come to Chicago soon
I have reached new dork status. I now have the TARDIS takeoff as my text message alert. I LOVE IT!!!
Searching for Engine Programmer (Unreal) @ Boston, MA studio. Ping me:
lol there are a lot of them on these challenges :)
"you're kind of boring me" ;)
Absolutely covers all of my favorite food groups!
merry christmas
I don't know. My training took many many moons. #Bond #Bourne #Pumpkin #Wilms?
Follow back
Oh how your finds never disappoint me! Would love to grab coffee soon & catch up!
all i have to say is i luv my HP computer so glad to have it back =)
Just one day til our next Free Public Reading!!! if you're around, please come see what we're doing. www.theatrecompany.biz
Off to the SouthWest Open tournament in a few minutes. One of two largest tournaments I compete in. Best in the world show up here
Let's go Bulls!!!
Awesome! RT : "Transformation is not 5 minutes from now. In this moment you can make a different choice" Jillian M (not...
#ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp - hard times create more crime! desperation caused by inflation! struggling in life? or stealing to survive!
You'll have to let me know what you think. I haven't been there yet.
RT : Never allow a thought to live in your head that you do not want to appear in your life. -Inspired by Dr. Wayne Dyer
I don't understand that myself. Has anyone gained followers from a retweet?
I always put on music and dance when I am especially frustrated by uploads :)
InfusionSoft helping small business succeed, empowering entrepreneurs! Great Message & Values
What do rabbits put in their computers?Hoppy disks!
Just got back from the KC AIGA awards gala. Great work, everybody!
I've been in non-profit for 20 years and I have almost ceased to be amazed at how poor the behavior can be
i know right shit im just working tryin to be a big kid lol in love wit my babe doin really good thats about it
Once you get into it, we will crib you on the best hashtags! Welcome to UW! c:
#cookingtip Try using an immersion blender to puree your soups & sauces. It's easier than transferring the hot liquid to a standard blender
Dougco spokeswoman says evidence seized from #Birdman 's home will go to FBI computer forensics lab in Denver
order one at home. And we never went through with our plan of watching one together.
Outstanding show, outstanding company.
This lady use 2 always ask me why I like being in the Hot Seat... I tell her: I guest because I Love It :/
Sharon Van Etten at The Neptune 8/7 (on sale today at noon) according to !
Trying to love all God's creatures. May the grace of His present consume me.
I'm signed up for beta access and now I'm more intrigued.
Aww thanks honey! I want to meet you too! (:
it arrived? What u think?
we.are planning IT out lol
part of it is a people problem -- early patent examiners were not all experts in what they were examining.
As punishment - no Taco Tuesday for the next month. RT : OMG.. Let's get over and be friends again in a few days.
had our first family dance party last night (son is 1 yr old)! it was fun and a good way to blow off steam!
What just happened on ?? This show never ceases to amaze and entertain me!
When circumstances substantially change financially, it is best to try to modify child support payments as soon as possible through court...
i saw a guy that looked like you a couple weeks ago. haha.(:
Sharon Needles, you are amazing!
A Lesson In Romantics could easily be one of my favorite albums ever.
the pits.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense could handle efficiently.
its about being played like an idiot and disrespected that gets me. Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious. Smh.
Realizing five minutes before your mom comes home that you haven't done a single thing she asked you to do.
hell yea
I think I keep your TL live though.
my hands look so ugly without acrylics on
Are you familiar with any shops like yours in the Seattle area?
Hey morning morning :) its Friday !!
Our leaders must weight the risk of getting involved in other countries internal conflicts costing $trillions of new debt!!
RT : Does everyone know that is on twitter? Talked to him today. It is he.
I thought today was Sunday for a second...this Nascar race doesn't matter now.
“: happy birthdayy broo!” come to my crib!
Seriously! I picked a bad time to plan my vacation!
awesome! great page - that's wonderful that you are a team captain!
:-) Thanks for the love Cris! You know it'll always be returned 10-Fold!! Xoxoxo
": I really dislike ppl right now..." HAHA I know what this is about.
Why do his eyes have to draw me in again and again?
Not this Monday next Monday is Memorial Day which is a national holiday in the states. Most people are off from work then.
HeLLo! RT : And will definitely be shooting the next music film in the series to #CrashCourse!
whos all in your default?? btw u guys r really beautiful
Woot! You're a STAR! =D RT LOL! Im coming out west in October...
Texans look good. We will be open at noon next weekend for games on Sat. and Sun.
Look forward to your tweets! Love your hats!!
Getting my recording on with a fresh new act. She sing, write her own songs and she can rap!! This will be an all day affair
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat.
Inspired by another school. Now that ours is established other schools look to ours for guidance.
Beat the Bulldogs!
Q6: Yes all the time. Like reduced sodium low fat chicken stock for the regular.
Friday the 13th, that's why my day was all fucked up
With the score this close I doubt the Red Sox retaliate..They might wait till the next meeting at Fenway..
No matter how you want to twist it, the Lakers played how they've been playing all season: They did not match the other team's effort.
how do u delete a tweet? im cyberspace retarded..
FYI there are no Sasquatch in
is watching George Lopez show and then Lopez Tonight!
After tonight's episode, I can only assume we'll see you as a fashion consultant on Top Model soon. Hilarious as always!
Soaking up all this free Vitamin D, yum!
Finally met THE !
Wanting to go to Sydney bad!
Jen thinks I should be an asshole to boys and keep them waiting for more. Says it could be fun. What do you all think?
1st Wednesday of the month, time to go to Toastmasters Whirlpool Club meeting! Lots to do on my task list, but this is high priority!
why would you have an explicit promo for a prostitution show on Lifetime right before "The Hunger Games"?
just saw it. I got you covered. #toomanyformsofmedia!
Thanks for the follow Rick - you look like our kind of guy!
All right. A little gig at Suzy's in Hermosa Beach tonight, 9pm. Loose informal jam with material to be determined...better than staying in.
Watching #extremely loud. :(
ABC family movies and Chipotle.
Friends that offer u bigotry aren't friends.
I delete people from lists and unfollow them...but twitter doesn't listen. Its like they want to torture me with these ppl's bullshit...
next time
no need for rage - it was in reference to iOS apps. No web or pc needed.
: "Somebody I Used to Know" is about to be "A Song I Used to Like." #overplayed every station playing it even has a
My "little" brother is coming home tomorrow from 3rd overseas deployment! Army reservist. This time was 9 months. Can't wait!
Any Ideas what I should tweet about?
If so many 'Bachelor' seasons end in breakups while the 'Bachelorette has a better record, why not more bachelorettes?
I'm expecting a personal invite to the next tailgate shabam
good evening! I ate suhi tonite! I love sushi!
it's a campground I go to and country girls like glitter too
i asked her she said no
Submit! Submit! Submit! Submit! Submit! (Hey, look, iambic pentameter). Submit to CRUX before the deadline this Friday.
Just crushed some honeybees
I want Chipotle, b. shit is that serious.
Happy 2012 to all my peeps, stay blessed!
wens the las time u clld hm dnt try an play me lik I'm sure broke ass bitch cuz I will F u up seriously!
about to go home.. goin to see kane. hopefully i wont feel the way i do monday..
This was crushing!! Rangers had a great season that ended badly... Horrible pitching.. Congrats Cardinals & fans
is this your wife?... Nice frame.
How can something that feels so right be so wrong...
he ain't been sentenced yet other cuz wit da dreads keep sayin he wasn't da driver so he tryna fight da murder charge
oh yeah go pack cross you toes
I hate how my mom comes to my bathroom and uses my hair straightener, when she got HER OWN! >__<
Still looking for a breakdancer to volunteer to come out to the next session. Anybody know any good dancers that would come out!
I have a headache...and im trying 2 type a 7 page paper! goodness gracious!
I frequently travel between EU, NA, SA. Can you please clarify region restrictions so I know I will be able to play the game?
thanks! I began EADitor almost two years ago. it's nice to finally reach production.
Phone is on the fritz... Will have a replacement by Saturday (I hope!). E-mail me if you need to reach me before than!!
The doctor that was touching my face smelled good.
IM Coming
Hey Matthew.. Welcome!!
yoo text me asap
me too can't sleep
universal music group took down my lana del rey remix from youtube. it had over 380,000 plays. thanks, lana.
Dang. I want some wheat thins and a coke zero.
All these new traffic cams on Chester Ave. It's like Demolition Man. #UNCONSTITUTIONAL #dystopian #Cleveland #happyinCLE!
It was fun as shit lmao
Haha, I like yours. :) my actual shield will just be an outline of a huge owl. :o
Questions on IJdijken Project? email
So i'tis and will be for a long time to come. Def. don't see city council or city objecting to it.
Thanks for launching on Android. Just what the world need: more duck face portraits.
29 N closed at rt. 838 near Covesville due to a car/Tractor trailer accident. Severe delays
#imagine Austin:i need a girl thats goin be my baby,so if you love me say im ur baby You:im your baby:) Austin:*smiles* -anna
Me + ________ = cute couple.
Hey sis! Question, I need a couple mixes/podcast to play during my listening event in Vegas, do have any I can download?
The worst thing about #TheVoice is the host, Carson Daly. So bland. The best thing without a doubt is //call Brian Dunkleman!
wut other options do da fins have to bounce?
thank u love!!! Come!!!! We are going to GEM new place in financial district!!
my dad said if you RT this that i can go to your show in LA :)
Tune into K103 (103.3 FM) tomorrow morning at 7 am to hear Concordia's very own Joe Mannion from the College of Education be interviewed.
- Says The Daredevil . QT : I Don't Its Just Some Stuff You Don't Do . And Some Chances You Don't Take .
hey guys! Check out our new photoshoot on our facebook page!
I'm pretty sure you can just discard that.
and , would love to meet at #scio12 if you're still around tmrw, love your work!
So you can always remember me. ^-^
Its a tenth as good RT : Sad, but true: on a typical week #Community gets a tenth of the number of viewers Seinfeld used to draw.
": ": " can't even touch this" ;) -- Words of "U dang rite." Haha. That was hilarious!
Only god decides who wins or loses
RT : I just ordered chamomile tea LOL. Please RT.
Shouldn't have drank that Dr Pepper at 12.
sweet haha at home gonna eat dinner soon.
Exploring New Marketing Channels Pays Off
Going to check out some at AKLOL. Wish this stuff was going on when I was at Temple.
tomorrow! I'll vogue with them. :-)
. West coast = best coast. So happy to see you and the Turp!
AOA wishes the best of luck to all third-years taking NBEO Part I exams today!
You are sent to an awful prison forever. U get 1minute per day to enjoy a thing u love, then back to the demon torture. What do u choose?
#BigBroAfrica #stargame is kinda boring...maybe after the extra fat is cut it'll be worth the time...
The only thing i should really see on my timeline is every body wishing a happy birthday SO WHATS GOING ON GUYS!?
I'm five minutes in myself. it's immoral not to utilize the education you pay for. oohh ya there you some ethics
it's def opportunistic. But it's not like men don't know this beforehand. Examples are all around us. Y would u b any different?
Nobody cares about this movies
Watched the movie The Cove this weekend. Forever changed my views on dolphins in captivity. No more SeaWorld for me.
Just found the tee shirt drew for me maybe 5 years ago!
"They can think what they want but don't define me, I will define myself." - Sidney Poitier via @
The new tagline for Pork is "Be inspired." i'm penning new advertising copy for common products.
1111: LOVE YOUR NUMBER. and I love you icon<3
yes it is,ya don't get to take it that easy in NYC. It's much more real out there and dudes forget how good they have it in Detroit
Haven't tried Bet it's not available in Oregon.
“: #WH2012 324,000 Women Dropped Out Of The Labor Force -- In Last 2 Months! #TCOT #TeaParty //” hope that change wrkd out!
If you #myfavoriteartist I'll cop your Cd , I won't bootleg =)
borrow some of perfume. she knows her scents.
Is that Tesla statue in NYC or where exactly?
Dick Clark and Don Cornelius, both gone this year. The DC's brought America together through music.
": Something stinks of dead fish?? #unsolvedmysteries" I SOLVED THE MYSTERY. IT'S !!!
Orbert Davis every student should have music in order to learn other subjects
Pre-register online now for "We Are Made of Stuff" at the Centre Township Branch on January 26th at 6pm. Call 251-3700 for more information.
haha I love this movie!
b complex'd.
I'm going to try to! :)
it is hilarious. seriously made my shitty ass day. thanks for that.
Fee iPad2 anyone? Only had 199 people play last week, your odd's are great! Simple, Fun and FREE! www.playffnow.com
Thankss(: So what's up?
RT : Today's Mail: "I left my job at this children's museum to work at Hooters. . . I get treated better at Hooters". Wow...
Just the endorphin high I needed
tv isn't ready for us... we are to awesome...lol
Y it b the cute ones that b gay? There's no way in hell dick feels that good in the ass lol j/k I love the gays n dikes:)
What do you do there with your material packaging?
not giving up hope in the boys, just giving up hope in Mazzaro. We still need SP
Today lunch W. Lafayette/2nd 11:00-2:00. Freshly made, hot, thick, bold, delicious sauce on 3 cheese/spinach ravioli!
I got my mom a book, and she said she bought it for herself....
RT : cloud-u-cate.....like educate #clouduc8 <--Was wondering that too...very clever
On a scale of 1-10 on enjoying doctor appointments, I'm somewhere between a -5 and digging a hole to China.
Just ended!
will you have some cars around FiDi tomorrow morning at 4am?
pool side with , , , and
we don't do all that well when in extra innings!! We must fix that!
