My head hurts & all this banging isnt helping.
Right!! Lol! Needed this last week..Geez! RT “: so much easier for when you needyo snap a pic asap”
#jimrash is brilliant!
GOD IS GOOD!
Why did Facebook purchase Instagram?
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m. Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction <3 And my life was officially changed <333
Always a pawsure!! RT : Thanks to our favorite party animals!!
yo g I gotta girl who said she will cut herself and give you a lapdance when you come to portland
TONIGHT: The Swamp Rattlers play at 8 pm
I gave my son a Seattle Mariners ball cap, thus including him in a long dark cycle of futility.
PickUpLine: I can play the Flight of the Bumble Bee on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
thought I was the only one who noticed it
Whenever we are at the same place we will kick it.
My sense is that the Homestead Act largely codified existing practice. But pioneering/squatting is a good one.
Nigga out there breaking bats
Preparing for this week's show airing at 11 am on Sun. . We will be talking about rights...and also the government shut down.
Watching dolphins swimming right now <3
can't believe how much i like paul anka's version of 'true' by spandau ballet...
I wonder what Judge Trudy is going to have to say about Amanda Bynes getting arrested for DUI...
I can't wait to sleep. tomorrow... 😪
RT if you think Zombies own xD
gotcha. I didn't know they sold food. Cool
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex This #SexualEncounter is #BroughtToYouBy #Trojan.. #Trojan #Roll one #Down before you go to
y u ganna b n the newspaper?????
Listening to #DearMYRTLE on #Geneablogger radio broadcast.
Thanks for the follow and for your vote to protect Indy workers and CHILDREN.
hey I dropped a question on the FB page for Moves Count. No answer. How can I get an answer?
Supporting Franco Garcia's family, missing BC student, his parents own our favorite Peruvian Store in Boston
Say one more bad thing to me about #Oomf and I will punch you in the mouth okay ?
I'm still in Kansas until Saturday. No snow here and none on the forcast until next Monday. It's very cold but no Snow :)
surely there are water fountains in the dorm?
thanks for the tip and telling me im not crazy ;)
We won't beat you up. Violence is a tool women seldom use or even think to use.
I get there tomorrow! Will only have half day to tour...after work of course! I'll say hi to your fam! ;)
watz good doe
when will i see you?
We sure are fans of and his daughter , and their healthy eating and healthy living tips.
i pray for the people in japan. have visited there several times and the people are really nice. may god bless them.
U need 2 make a decision that UR making this change & delve into it. The best thing you can do, is DECIDE that you're doing this...
i haven't talked to in forever!congrats on the baby girl ! i babysit if you ever need someone.i'm sure she will be adorable.
OR Books "handselling on the Internet."
So I'm washing my face in the bathroom and out of no where my brother walks in and starts taking a shit..
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! I know what it's like to watch from afar; I missed RootsTech last year b/c I had just had a baby.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it. - Marilyn Monroe
Ach, Das ist aber schade, Shayne. As you might imagine, this event is all about the transplants of the Twin Cities. #Sante!
you should follow then.
"Well I'm M.C.A. - I got nothing to prove Pay attention - my intention is to bust a move..."
#13MillionBeliebers can't be wrong. just kidding. they can be.
What's this I hear Chuck Brown passed away? No way...it can't be so. DC MD VA...the gogo world is now in mourning.
The truth is, I'm just trying to get more followers so I can ask you guys to be a part of my mafia family on Facebook.
people in my house always fighting and just starting drama just shut up theres kids in the house
I'm well:.. Staying motivated & faithed up :) :) u should come to NYC on May 22!!! DM ur email and I'll send you info!
People ask why the rims in our Gym are so "loose"..I tell them its because played there! Keep attacking the rim!
Peep bot poker? Are you with or against it?
Going through a divorce, not getting the results you want? Call me, I am the best in Nashville with contested divorces (615) 250-8000
2 More Weeks of School Left
"OK campers. Rise & shine. And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold out there" <3 bri
Listen on reverbnation, either way. Pies gnarly.
OMG!!! Ate you here in Boston???
Goal for next year: seek connections between science/STEM and literacy. There's some cool stuff out there.
Transform your body safely. MindFirstFitness.
Interesting q! Audience is one directional; sm community is multidirectional. Sm communities both listen and speak
so this awesome cool person asked if i could do 21 things about me and a turn on and turn off so hope u guys like it :)
Give me a shoutout? I do Ariana Trivia.
CAN YOU EAT TOO MUCH?
are you fucking me Ashley?! Get your words right, this is so fustrating, just go listen to SUB-lime
Heading to my first IDEA2010 this year. Just registered and lookin' forward to it!
I will. I'm eating right now though.
Make it your background!! Just love us!!! :)
Sounds like Thailand is the place to go for a cheap vacation and/or place to move while trading for a living! at $17 per night its doable
Oh did i miss you orginal chicken wing
Saw Bob Marley documentary last night. Amazing #leadership - I had no idea about so much of what he did.
Great fight. Bruised, bloodied but brilliant - a real and true champion.
guess Billy O'Brien want too distracted to draw up a game plan.
so scary & terribly sad. just saw on news, had no idea how bad it was! thank goodness you guys are ok!
Ovie is like omg I could have won zeee game.
Goodnight Twitter
sure you weren't on the set of Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, and Blonde!? Happy heart day!
And he never will. #FlopCity RT : Chris Paul can't ever beat the Spurs.
Last day of 30% off on bitchimfrom.com
South Asian Artist emerging and established, Sotheby's and Christies focus for next art boom www/zanbeelart.com
The Bright Side: Five Things to Love (and One Thing to Hate) About Monday Night Raw (04/23)
Celebrate the weather with $4 margaritas tonight at John's Place(s) in Roscoe Village and Lincoln Park. Awesome outdoor cafés!
Wants to see TheVow but no one to see it with!
#kohacon11 is starting. Welcome from Principal N.G.Bedekar of VPM Thane's College of Commerce and Koustubha Kale
Excited to see my one and only true love in 20 minutes
“: what? what'd i say? i blacked out.” still hearting u!!
How bout at beer for your Monday and some Great Thai Cuisine??!!!
Free Bar + Work Tomorrow =
Someone come do my hair for me please
What about the office? I must admit that I will be going back to Vilas this aft to try to finish this draft.
Have switched from caffeinated beverages to alcoholic ones... and the writing continues! *hiccup*
Nice! RT : no rain for pirates game tomorrow
hell yea me to this fucking ran
"life is like a shadow, it never stays in one place."
are you serious? Idk how I'm the crazy one, when I stooped. When I'm just sitting here calm as fuck? And I didn't do shit.
become by achieving your goals Zig Ziglar
Come on Vandy! Don't let me down!!
Haha...where are the tops? (:
just finished your book, congrats on all your success.
hey, my wonderful FAVIROUTE pop group, it's Tom Tomalin here, brown hair, blue wheelchair user...do you know who it is,......
so glad my paper was pushed to saturday
Ha. Came very close!
follow me back :)
advantage Cardiff!!!!
Thanks for coming, Tonia! We had a blast! What a wonderful night!
Condom Slogans No. 3: If you think she's spunky, cover your monkey.
I won't see my baby :(
JOAN!! you look so pretty!!!!!!
thanks for sacrificing your safety to teach survival skills. I'm an Eagle Scout but your show taught me a ton of new things
thanks to YOU maam :D
Semester is over. Yippee!
Wow Johnny is a bitch
"If you can ad, make today count!"—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
Hello everyone. I will not be that long here. I love you all guys! :)
he the tall white kid that all the black guys let shoot cause it looks good! Lol
it's exactly what I feel now. bit dizzy due to allnighter yesterday--shanshan, intern at Studybreaks
In times square....sparkley.
Great meeting with Harvey Smith of www.CarolinaBusinessCoach.com. Smart bright guy. Feeling business owner pain? Call him.
I was just writing to you and Twitter told me to "be more clever" and now I'm pissed
Love that book! But get the tissues ready...
BET mine as well cancel The Game now :(
Its no what everybody else makes you its what you make yourself
Scientists gather enormous amounts of Dada.
"Kosta Koufos is starting a playoff game. Your argument is invalid." Should be an internet meme.
Damn boy he can sing to me any day of the year.
Uncle Vanya, Chichester and Print Room, review: Dominic Cavendish is equally delighted by two productions of Unc..
Now this is one pop-up we don't mind seeing!
My admiration for continually grows.
Today is Inspection Day! Loaded up the fat dogs and driving around Rochester killing time.
we have in the studio. hit him up for shout outs and request. 644-9850 or txt the studio at 98500
I hate u mom I wanna see my boyfriend ok
Museum-A-Day: Oliver Kelley Farm. 19th C MN Feminine Identity & New Thoughts on
And ....... S/O to Gotye for sounding exactly like your album ...YOU ARE AMAZING
Rafter k saturday ready for the rank bulls
Got to figure out the chat. I need a voice everytime I have to restart Chrome. SN EATSHIrT__ Thanks
All those JB fans who didnt see his movie should really c it because it is an amazing movie that really gives u a different feel 4 who he is
I just met 2 of the weirdest dudes ever!
I know I'm late to the party on this, but why does Twitter randomly make my account unfollow people?
Thanks Dirk, looking forward to your tweets.
#dollhouse cancelled. sad day.
It's different to be sent links as part of a conversation. WA-A-AY different.
Drive Safe Everyone!
Acidic Swamp Band live show starts in 30 minutes at Beach Hut Deli, Davis CA!
“: Disappointed” keep your head up kid <3
saw the show for the first time tonight.. Pretty tight man!! Have a new fan here!
listening to the rain. Trying to watch some football.
Colt cabana
thanks for the follow and thanks for all the help in Amsterdam! ^zb
I <3 you very much... your lyrics are intense <3
In South America, say no to anyone wanting you to deliver a suitcase of powdered sugar to their grandmother in Miami
TWO 4 TUESDAY! 2 new songs from our new record '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal' every Tuesday till it's release August 28th!
Smith: Rose Quarter must move in mixed use direction.
#CyberMonday: Take advantage of Morton's special holiday pricing... PLUS free ground shipping: ow.ly/7tnBD
600hp should get me there in about 4 hours. #maxspeed :)
So not feeling it today. 8 school days until spring break
Who is excited about the 2011 spring break in vagas? bc i am
Great to hear! Thanks for the compliments!
Getting my Watermelon Juice and Vodka fix.... Love this drink
you convinced me. #ITotallyDidntBuyTicketsEarlier #Iswear ha ha ha
i love rumors, i always learn something new about myself.
..exciting cross-over events being planned..creative talent .. mobilize this year: Austin Java downtown, Jan21, 12-5
sfdailkf via Buffer
Where the fuck are you? Why can't I get a hold of you? This is so crazy insane. I'm worried to shit.
Did you try balsamic vinegar? That seemed to really work for me. They are a pain when they cling on the rim!
Are people everywhere really raving about doritos locos tacos? They look like diarrhea wrapped in a deer hunter's jacket.
Burlington Mall evacuated as swat team searches for man who possibly has rifle. Live coverage now on 7.
Is eating 100% Natural, MultiGrain Fig bars... Yum!
- Yes sir, TWO GAMES AWAY! Newcastle & QPR to get that trophy! Phenomenal team, from a phenomenal league. ;)
Jesus be the center <3
The "Can't Say I Do" movie was only the tip of the iceberg,
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Um yeah... Just realized that Cinco de Mayo is on Saturday-o this year
Rivers Club with and County Exec Rich Fitzgerald
' I'll catch it eventually!!
Murder is the case that they have given him.
-LOVE! Yes doll, enjoy!! Love the print!! Ty for the tweet & pic! xox
You should get it , it'll do for drying the dishes.
Fair with my baby 😘😘
aww that's too sweet thank you
maybe i'll go to GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
The show was amazing!
U should change your bio your beautiful
Pumpkin Spice Latte + dissertation writing.
just Kim has joined INFP so far!
by the way how bad have the last 4 loses been. Brutal
hahahaha I really do. (: &
Enjoy girl!! I know I will!!
Wind chill... numb feet. This is what endurance feels like
That's map-worthy! Please send photographs (exterior and interior) to andrew at domu dot com.
Slum Village to ease the nerves 👍
Windows down, sunroof open, rocking to some #Polkaboy :)
What flowers do you like best for your dining room table?
GOOD NIGHT
Ugh. I'm turning into the Grinch.
Keep calm and Be ICONic.
my main criteria for pj top: that i can wear them all day on sunday and reasonably pass them off as a legit shirt
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was inaugurated as the first democratically elected State President of South Africa today in 1994
i love how Elise sings #Vienna . I'm jealous. lol
Had a great time tonight at Beauty Bar! Thanks for having me !!!
brb while i go CRY my eyes out in the Corner </3 :)ILYShawty<3
Song 4: Awesome
seriously guys. :/
We've coined a new word- "fringey". Thank you
If main storm mode continues to point south of SW and SC WI thru Wednesday, might have to wait until the weekend for benefical rain chances
The inevitable has happened... I didn't even have to wait that long.
#FF love to great health & wellness tweeps!
Hey, psst, Let's get 100 followers by the end of the day! Retweet this and spread the word.
I'm not even tired
I don't know why...but I want to read The Outsiders again.
Also, the #Brewers game time is not 6:10 pm anymore.. how will this effect the event? Can you play radio broadcast outside for those waiting
well FOX does own the BTN so there's a good chance.
Si think I may try it ha.
Rox win, #Nuggets win... Good Friday indeed.
I have not seen anyone else say trapped firefighters.
Feelin' good! Stayin blessed my guy! Hope your enjoying your Friday! #StayUp !
Just wanted to let you know: U R A LIEING PIECE OF SHIT!
Today I went to my last film class EVER. And now I am sad.
So many frogs, yet no prince charming.
Hope everyone enjoyed their long weekend! Happy Tuesday!
queen latifah had a good time at our good spot at 105 riv. the party is hot!
[We live. We learn. We grow] To respond is positive, to react is negative. -Zig Ziglar
Hahaha. I can see the tweet. We also got some BOMB posters! (YOU JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET. LOOK AT YOU USING TWITTER AND STUFF.)
Shticks that need to be retired. McCord's mustache, Sager's suits and Berman's "Back Back Back."
That play just had two #NotTopTen plays in it.
Andre Miller still mad Camron said he got a basic game.
A healthy 12yr old is a know-it-all brat-idiot packed full of entitlement. Parent accordingly.
It's been a LibGuide kind of day... Led a LibGuides User Group meeting, and lots of questions followed. Good thing I love LibGuides!
Now you're free to be the lonely life of the party.
Could congrats on your record label I wish you well I know you will do great del
Who's ready? Go behind the scenes and meet over 2,000 best friends tomorrow and Sunday at in Oaks!
lmao translation~ save all ur butthurt for the loss yall gonna take
I'm sorry I talk to myself
Wizards in Winter is one of the best Christmas songs ever! Just sayin'.
The Lion King, True Lies, Speed, Clear and Present Danger, Naked Gun 33 1/3, Maverick. Not bad.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
who was i to think that shit would get better.
Heard an obscure song from the friend of a sister of my friend and shared it with my friends, now it's on the radio. Small world after all!
Had a dream that I saw Justin bieber and hugged him  WHY
Why am I up so early? Maybe cause it feels like golf weather
Kim Looks AMAZING and HOT!! Go Kim!!!
Hey! Can you guys please play "Old School" by Chuck Wicks?
Nigga watch how I bring the hype to your front door!!
looking forward to your article about trendz boutique and for national cash mob day
Tonight's #AfterThoughts w/ includes 's Dr. Heather Nathans, Professor in Theatre, Dance, & Performance Studies
I hate people who brag about meeting them & this girl who called her self prettier than us? LOL my dads chest hair is cuter
so glad u enjoyed the slaw!!! :)
Who wants to be my twitter buddy? Any takers.. please? :D LOL
What a compliment! Thank you!
back from puerto rico!!!
#unions built this city.
I have 2 very important things 2 do tmorrow; Get Universal Orlando pass for daughter, find out why water co turned off water at the rental.
plz follow its my birthday and it would b the greatest present ever other than ur voice lol;) plz follow
I'm pretty sure it would end up being "Answering Machine" with "Static" or a cover as the B-Side.
Just not camera shy  and i bet u dominated!!
impossible sick like not gonna happen sick
thx for the mention!
what days are you down here? Wedding Saturday afternoon, but I'm around other than that
I appreciate that! #Radio # Entertainterment #Internet #jazz #DJ's
I went shopping without the kids yesterday and it was so easy to read labels without distraction that I bought twice as much as usual.
Thinking about signing an executive order making free for all NC residents. That should get my approval #'s up a few points!
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know not to mess with me when im pissed!
Yum, there goes my diet! :)
Tonight I'll be finishing season one of Game of Thrones. I'm hoping for a Dave Coulier appearance.
for serious photographers Facebook & Instagram are totally inadequate. Flickr still has a lot of active users, though I get your point
Yeahh she was begging me to follow you... I was like Meisha I'm already following her !
juliet is good but have to keep it moving;) avenue next!
That's from SEPT 13.
RT : Where the Mild Things Are
Just landed in MIA. Home sweet home. Off to DC on Friday. 1st time in DC :-)
; you'll kick some pleasure butt! (:
he also drinks a gallon of milk in under 41 seconds!
My only advice is that you should be on LACasting. Self submit, it really does work. Commercials usually are not open casting.
Oh yeah lebron we get paid millions to mis free throws
Thanks, you too! Lovely start --latte and tulips from kiddo.
Power is out but i still have my phone. Youll have to do better than that Mother Nature!
"A man can lose sight of everything when he's bent on revenge, and it aint worth it" ~ Louis L'Amour
its cute how everybody changes just because one bitch comes around
Gotta hate it when that happens! Was the bar totally hopping or what? :)
you were right the first time. But yeahh...
hey girl heey
good deal. Missed the end of the half due to the debate religion question.
just found it! Haha :)
Mitchell strikes out the side in the 3rd. Skinkis, Martinez, E. Cipolloni coming up in bottom half.
Ah Damn!!
Today is 8 weeks with no caffeine at work. Should I celebrate with a Monster?
I didn't know Martha was a photographer! Awesome, thanks!
I hope me & #oomf hangout over the summer >.<
Spring Picture Day is coming on Thursday, March 22! Remember to send in order forms that day too.
Nice. Enjoy!
Omg lol. Why aren't you in school like you shound be.?!?!?!?
we apologize but our show tonight @ Andy's in Denton is cancelled :( sometimes no matter what you do, you cannot defy the will of the gods
Just photograph a surprise marriage proposal on Twin Peaks San Francisco that makes # 28th bay area photographer wedding napa silicon valley
jogging was good now ima eat me some dinner
Look what I read in SD today: Photojournalism (or candid photography) at weddings is actually becoming a growing trend.
please calm down... I don't want to have to come put money on your book so you can buy some honey buns..... :-)
In a session with - they will be casting a "Lock Pick to the City"
Scantron shortage. Freaking out.
The notebook is on and I'm stuck watching princess protection program.
Bryce Harper!!!! It's. Happening.
So excited to see #50days :)))
If you were teaching in a desert classroom & could only use 3 web 2.0 tools - what would they be & why?
Hi Jackie!!! Be nice to Brittany, she's a good girl!
im bored...lol
no- DPW not saying it's perfect now. Still a work in progress; that's why council members say a 2-year moratorium is needed
too many Brazilians calling themselves Cyborg
RT Did you know is in the top 10 US Yelp Restaurants & the only one in SD!
Digital: ability to scale our experience, our story, our influence
It is the period between now and My Day of Judgement which will take place @ My Second Coming that you must use wisely 2 prepare your souls.
What is the Safest Car Color?
Have to give it up for the VERY impressive supporting cast in #Wanderlust. Surprised at how often and hard they made me laugh last night:)
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Oklahoma City!
hmm that's one way to look at it..,bit harsh lol
Tune in to and tomorrow to see ! All morning they'll be talking about their Spring Luau, 3/22.
Well this has certainly been one hell of a #Friday13th. Very disappointing day. My give a damn has officially busted.
Need to write > need for a dresser.
The Undercover Weekend has begun! On
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYCASSIE wish you the best.
": your fuckin dumb lol" was that an insult or a compliment -______o *Peter Griffin voice
Barefoot Drums of Houston- Motorcycle Ministry for abused Children Need Biker stuff?? Go to: www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com and brouse!!!
how did you manage to "possibly" do that?
you still owe me lunch sir
What is that ? It took me to my google sign in page :) look fwd to your tweets,
God I can't wait to hear it! You guys keep up the great work.
Quote of the day "I wish we had more gorilla hair" OH at Palace of Fine Arts
To let the turkeys get you down. 1-2 years seems right but they should draft a QB this year.
What is the worst pickup line ever used on you?
"And though my heart is torn, I will praise You in this storm."
Will be doing a local show here in Mpls MN if anyone is interested in this Cowboys music let me know. I'll give you event details.
hey, u get my msg on FB? wanted to see if i could do time at the comedy store, landeau referred me to u
I'm booked at Laugh Factory April 2nd for Mockery Monday! 8pm. Direct message me for my VIP guest list! It's gonna be sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Internet isn't working so I'm stuck listening to the radio while I'm working. It's going to be a long night.
I have LRW but I forget that the 1st episode is today.
Oh my final is at 1... Not 2? Cool
Thanks Natay! Just got this. Hope you had a great Easter and always great working with you!
If you haven't seen it yet, check out our friends new music video!
Come join the fun
what lib are you at? We can have our own No Addie party
it's just a lot of pain but fades quickly
Liberman: In reproducible research data and code are shared and extended by members of an open research community.
Thks to Angela Cervantges for always supporting & inspiring us w your creativity esp. @ the Latina conf.
Is it me or are Black men becoming extinct in television drama?
been there done that. mine was a yellow pole. feel ur pain re:ur special edition beauty mustang in autobody/ slamming into pole
You know you have a pretty cool family when you uncle is laughing about watching the hot problems video :')
Baylor's uniforms brought to you by Digger Phelp's highlighter.
RT : have to say, after seeing the entire Jill Milan fall collection, we want every...
has a higher slugger percentage than Ryan Braun's batting average. MVP much?
Medieval Times doesn't count as a sporting event competition.
Just got home and logged on. Looks like our girl broke a big orioles story today and a local web gal got a lil jealous and huffy. Jen rules
What is with this wind
really!? Its over? I thought you said we still had time?
how aboutss sunday for ticket delieveries?? :)
RT : Cold War Kids are playing Audience and Something is Not Right With Me back to back.
u wrote "I think my couch is staring at me." When mine does that, it means it wants me to spill a beer on it
I KNEW parker and bud were plotting our demise together!
Good luck!
Good Monday! Where would you want to be instead of where you are at now?
Anyone know of any museums/cultural insts. using social media as an evaluation tool? V. interested to hear examples
Just saw my client 's TV spot on !
five boys* sorry, im drunk.
Santa Barbara spotted prawn....poached in lemon butter. Fuck me.
that's a good ideas, I've kept somethings, I glad you are doing well. what you have coming up
100.. happy birthday!
Sadden by today's passing of Elizabeth Catlett she left an eclectic handprint on the art world and Black Arts Movement. Missing u big time.
Best of luck!
NSR should have characterized her 15 years of experience as writing *at* higher ed rather than writing *about*.
I submit that telling stories of evil behavior by an actual entity = implicit accusation
Alumna panelist: "No one on this panel has said 'We're here making our fortunes in libraries.'"
I'm the same. I used to get myself in trouble.
RT Openly share your data. Who knows when someone with a fresh view will chime in with an innovative solution
Phil Forte, a kid I started training in middle school, is 1 of 8 guys competing in the 3- point American HS Shootout on CBS.
Rules: no hats, no cell phones... I am not sure I would would make the cut.
will be praying for you!
sounds nice!
dude have u seen bob?
gotta say: one of better decisions in my life was watching Thor on the computer while Pierce drops 90 on the #Hawks. Gods among men
The past 20 days have probably been one of the weirdest 20 days of my life.
RT “: On '180' - Living With Calling & Mission w , and "Getting Unstuck" w 3-5pmCT ”
I have tweeted you loads of times and i know im not the only one the world that loves you:( but Please can you follow me<3
omg agreed I can't wait till its over done FINiTO!
Almost time for kickoff I think we can get another great result tonight against the Whitecaps
they were 11% and thanks for miss peterman ;)
hate to wish any days away but I cannot wait for June to roll around so I can enjoy me a little #market action
Was just thinking the same thing. RT Hockey so much more exciting when its 4 on 4..
#ifjuicyjretweetsme I'd roll one up.
So much I could say
Funny story about Eugene huh? How many bags of doritos can eat lol
With friends at the grand opening of Kris's Restaurant in Palmetto Bay on former site of Cooper's. Give it a try.
jump too soon, & bad things happen.
happy is as happy does
Tryin' to hit up Platinum Party at #Foxwoods tonight! Anyone going?
Does anyone have ooVoo? If so my username is kiaranewman1D! So yeah! I'm bored so yeah! (:
absolutely not! I fell asleep at 8 pm. Was this a repeat of Easter? Sure felt like it
Hate when people judge others and don't even know them.
How do I take this back to my business and improve it. #TamaraLive cr8.lv/tamarabiz
tues phone call? dm me your digits
thanks!! You looked amazing in dress and dress! So fierce.
Me: "I should post to Tombrarian again." Her: "Yeah, you should."
damn whats wrong?
Getting ready to speak to the students at St Johns Technical High School. I'm jacked! I love talking to students.
Got work Later
Watching The Vow :)
yes! It's Sunday right??
Can't DM you for some reason, but it went well! We're featuring timely content - many more opportunities coming up! :)
For those asking, our #OneforOne Campaign launch date has been pushed back till November. We're sorry, but stay tuned for more updates!
dang the one person that hasnt text me in awhile
you ate it already? :P
WoW! The show was amazing!!!
honestly that cover is a drug. I cant stop
Don't painfully sore abs make you think 'I must be doing something right?'
Why can't I reach 500 followers
Coffee david? come on all mental
I know what your problem is
For the record, I haven't had a pair of Guess Jeans since 1987-88. But when I did, I was super cool, in my mind!
Chimpin' is easy. RT : Dig the new Sherlock. I'm an easy mark, though.
A Girl u see me u like me follow me
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isn�t convenient at all
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily." Zig Ziglar RT
for only 21 followers, I'd say it's not too shabby that my avg follower has 8213 followers. Of course may skew that # :)
Omg....I'm finally on twitter lol
Hot afternoon and a cold bud light..🍺😊
Going to jam with pops on some blues and hendrix. Using the Strat today!
kicked my ass today, body in pain!
My response to the "What will be the next big trend in social media marketing in 2011?" q on LinkedIn just got lost. 404. Grrr
Lawmakers expect Secret Service may oust more agents - Chicago Tribune
That awkward moment when you’re late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you killed someone.
Up until today I never thought I would see a grown woman yell at a sandwich. Thank you, crazy co-worker.
Is it Tuesday or Friday? So confused! ;) Thank you FS! See you tonight
Interested in seeing some more Poe?
haha i broke the hook tht keeps it closed.lmao
When I have warm pee, it will remind me of Ari♥
Real talk I feel ya.
#WithoutFurtherADo #musicvideo oh god def need a video gonna my #1 promo for the mixtape
you've come a long way from the mandarin collar.
“: Happy bday bro. Don't get to crazy. Love ya” thanx bro. I made it to 24!
Omg! #Priceless 👌
Come on Dear Mama 2-Pac Best song !
Ugh! Danng this sucks :( #Dodgers lose 3-4 against the #Cubs. #Dodgers are now 18-10 in the season
thanks, skeeter-make-my-heart-beater.
Do you throw it to Early Doucet
My family is crazy so I know my child dont stand a chance to be normal
Venture Capital Draft: Hot Prospects, Part II
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
With Graduation fast approaching and with many speeches to be made, I am offering my services as a speechwriter to anyone who is interested.
And comes out swinging! Good to finally hear!
Hm what's new...the #tigers leave more men stranded on the base paths
FOOD TRUCKS TO BE DOWN INNER HARBOR THIS SATURDAY 12-5 ON LIGHT ST, COME DOWN AND HAVE SOME GOOD FOOD ,FUN AND OF COURSE SOME ICE CREAM !!
Alec, I agree with you, but can you define "unhealed"? Because I think depending on your definition, Pearl harbor is as well..
have a safe trip. sorry i didn't get to say goodbye, but it was great hanging out with ya!
After a 30 hour travel day from South Africa to LA via Germany the jetlag be kickin in pretty hard.
what it do
that's the lion king!!!
Yeah. I look real good today.
What gets me out of bed this week: Fried egg on a biscuit with sage, gruyere, tomato preserves. Best thanksgiving leftover experience ever.
" Follow your dreams; they will give meaning to every step that you take."
We can change culture of any organization but it is hard work
Your thoughts create your life. The challenge is to choose thoughts of the life you wish to live while experiencing contrary conditions
<Need some new ppl to txt>
you seem to be pretty close with hmm... interesting ;)
Edward Lear is one of my favorite natural history illustrators! Thanks for the reminder that it's his birthday.
sad day mourn the loss of an amazing soul rip Whitney
Hey - good to meet you at coffee this morning!
You went to the tomb of doom?? How was the clown with the chain saw?
Played poker at Rivers last night. Won $60 in a mere 72-minute session, which will result in a massive 3RP post, coming soon.
I am missing you! RT “: I am thriving at cafe gratitude by myself :[”
How to Legally Setup Your Own Rap Record Label
lies! You love me k bye
Hillel smells of baking challah. Tonight Occupy Hillel and a presentation of Israel's tent city movement. Shabbat Shalom to all.
#FF Happy Friday for yall Food Lovers!
" hopefully its true :-)
Kobe vs. Lebron for the trophy. Its going to happen, and at that time, its put up or shut up time.
Lunchtime dilemma: Fruit and -- a protein shake or a #Cadbury creme egg???
You're 16 stop talkin bout gettin so drunk smh if my sister talked like that I'd have to open a can of whoop ass on her
Wish I could say the same!
kush on deck
UNM Lobos basketball team putting a whooping on Air Force tonight, very similiar to the one Romeny did to Newt in Florida.
People these days. Thy are unbelievable.
Yeah, I'm not doing that for the Mets.
so velvet room sounds like the move for tonite
The cloudy days make me feel sad.!!! :'(
Haha! "it's in the peas!" Psychic lunch lady from Ned's Declassified
hanging out tonight after Mel's Diner with Patrick, Joey, Lauren, Derek, and Paris was crazy fun :D
1-3PM every Monday, check out wkco.kenyon.edu for the Testube radio show. I'm playing shit that's been buried for decades. I promise.
Aha. Makes sense. Very interesting story too.
i hate you! you weren't here! and you said you'd rub my back
of course!!
Let's Have Sex. ( : that's all I wanna do
Don't miss "Fantastic Mr. Fox" and "Bon Appetit" presented by the Microscopic Opera Company Sept. 15-18. Get your tickets now!...
Define viable!
In addition, we will be picking up crossovers from this new show to go into WRP, which will finish editing in conjunction w/THE UNDERGROUND.
Doesnt matter what you think , im not here to impress youu .
Perfect with a beautiful day! RT : Hanging out with and completes my life:)
- Now Dev in their defense it is a good environmental move. The use of bottles for water is a really terrible problem in the US
Wow! Good for you! Sometimes it's the material, not the action. ;)
Headed to Summit Point to see !
The boy has a voice but it doesn't connect to his eyes.
Does anyone know there is a second half to WOTW? Or do we only know the alien invasion?
trill over triflin
guys, I'm ready for it doesn't really matter anymore, I'm so excited.
"I have so much to do that I must spend several hours in prayer if I am able to do it." John Wesley What are you doing, because you prayed?
What a Amazing Morning!!
Maniacally flipping between games and screaming at the tv about running the gd offense and ticky tack fouls.
my mom once asked me why I hate Sid Bream... I almost disowned her.
I wonder what magnitude that earthquake was....
can't wait for the new season of curb
I got the part of the scarecrow :):):)
Anyone else about to take the SATS?
“: There comes a time when you have to decide if someone is really worth it anymore.”
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.
"the raid: redemption" is the best action film I've seen in years
Not sure what happened to UNC this year, but #Duke and Andre look great!
Had fun tonight w/ & Ryan Mauer & the Angry Fix Fun hang, and some serious "in the moment" playing - well done.
#Grind On Me Baby.!
my memory is for real the worst. but whatever I don't really feel bad.
Know the size of your mouth and only bite what will fit in it.
Barack writes personal checks to struggling Americans!!! See, he pays his Fair Share.
need to find somethin to do on mothers day
Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn on Broadway. I have to be a part of this. I MUST!!
An expert is one who is adept at experiencing.
just the best thing
If I'm awake before a reasonable hour, I pretty much just make noises like Bluto from the Popeye cartoons.
A real #belieber trusts in and beliebs
never mind they're fakes :( they were of him and all his glory on a hotel balcony
Billionaire boys club varsity jacket >
Shower and the bar, shower and the bar, beer beer beer beer shower and the bar
They are always just a tad behind the times. Even public libraries are using QR codes. Yes. even. public. libraries.
Obama didn't put WI in sweet 16! Dude we're done. I don't care if I have no idea what that means. I'm like most people who talk about obama
I want in on your lottery. Number 3 for Harmon Killebrew. My favorite baseball player.
The key word n that sentence is "had" which confirms u didn't have a gift for me. :''(
We have a winner! RT Fact: The dude who gave herpes to the chick you caught it from is an Oregon grad.
Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its troubles. It empties today of its strength.
Who wants to be in my fan video for & ?(:
oops I'll text you tomorrow lol
I worked there one summer, eons ago. Great organization.
i burned my forhead once :/
follow back, please? :)
Good for you, you will feel like a new man. Tell them Demons to kiss OFF!!!!!
All this speculation #Jets vs #Jags... Could it be as simple as tebow choosing the better team! Lol
zooey totes had a retweet convo with yo man harry. Check it.
I am about to go nuts!!
Freedom Outreach will be having youth workers this summer!!!! #WooHoo!!!
On this plan, so tiered.... Please stop trying to hold a conversation with me!!! PLEASE!!!!
we are of course excited abt Facebook in our building ..more customers.. ;-) Thx 4 the panini love. Come by Fri 4 Cust Appr Day
DWade may have legitimate point, but it's naive to think people should care that he's right.
Kick some butt! RT 10 days left until the Colfax Marathon! Our teams are training hard.
#agree and #peopleonly feature RT : Yes, is getting better all the time. I like the Top Blogs section,
Memo 2 Self: What the male species might lack in emotional maturity, they are EVEN worse when it comes to being tactful about it.
“: Smoke weed everyday...not an order, just some advice from a friend” should be an order
thanks for following. Do you work with #BicycleTour Operators in the
Strip club this weekend
Scratch that. Today is an all Beastie Boys day. RIP MCA.
congrats DC Assault champions this weekend ...12s..15s..16s..17s!!!Stay Focused!
And I was exactly right,we broke up. Even tho I told myself not to get attached I still did alittle.
ah what's the difference? I want a cheese steak
It took 36 minutes, but I'm now imagining a Metropolis remake starring Seth Roger and Jay Baruchel.
Ah, sorry, just noticed someone else tweeted you about the event. My apologies for bugging!
If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there. We can't wait!
All A's and B's so farr(: i hope it stays that way
and don't seem to be thrilled with Elway's second draft. It all hinges on Brock Osweiler they say. Agreed.
That said, he really did help me out that weekend
watching the #blindeside ((:
haha and right back at yaa! ;D
1st stop client-side scripting. Just because you can use php doesn't mean you should.
Question: What are your thoughts on location-based services and deep packet inspection? Who has the responisbility to protect data?
dat is sum crazy shit bra n scary!
Thank you! :)
you here tomorrow? don't be a stranger!
why can't I find this cutie that's in my class on fb! >:l I only know their last name. #stalkerstatus lol
Goth kids, don't get pissed off that Hot Topic carries colors other than black now. Maybe if you spent more money we wouldn't have changed.
there their, dont get too worked up now. ;)
and happy saturday to YOU!
Hard to tell if anyone is home. Will knock in a second.
The Sox play Party Rock to cut out to commercial, very fitting since I'm LMFAO at them. #Orioles 8 to 0
Love Al Capone! Sometimes an oldie but good is perfect!
Am I annoying? Sorry, I just REALLY want to go :(
Cause when your around me everything's right Don't go, I need you, I need you
I have suggested your ebook to so many photographers this weekend. I hope they buy it. Great information.
Woke up at 6:15 to finish my english paper. If that's not dedication/extremely procrastination what is?
After about a year with it, I can say Roku has changed the way I watch TV. Great experience for a $70 price point.
"Coolness is defined by how many shots you take per hour."--ab to a child
Waterfront tasting of an outrageously good lunch menu -- be a taster on Aug. 12 tasting at Bin on the Lake. apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Good Morning! How are you doing on this cloudy, rainy morning?
Buyer Persona Focused - Great copywriting makes personal connections with readers
#NP : Marilyn Monroe
My escapades were way classier than that, or so i hope
At the healthy fast food (Subway)!!
; her stupidity just shines up there, don't it?
Very excited about our Lunch & Learn #PoweringthePossible event on the ACS campus today!
Joke, why reward the guy for what he's done? Make him wait until next year to even be drafted.
RT :Crazy how organized makes me. social media campaign calendar for 2012? um, check
Only thing I know is how bad I want to connect with the people...
hope you n ur mother enjoy yall day together
ahh, ok. I get that
Sometimes I wish that you would want to talk to me just as much as I want to talk to you.
HOUSTON NEEDS AN ATTRACTION!
Have you figured what you are having for dinner/ Come to foodsmart and enjoy the choices from organics, vegan,local.
I want 's shoe collection. She should donate to the less fortunate.
Apparently I need to make the "man-bait" apple crisp... How have I never made this before?!?
I think it's safe to assume that Carmen San Diego is in a whale's vagina.
#oomf told me I sing like usher.
I get to see my old homies tomorrow.
May 19th is fast approaching and the opening of the #Carmel outdoor market. If driving the parking garage will put you just steps away.
love the cracked water pot story. Great post!
“Empathy” is the ability to share the feelings of others. It is deeper than “sympathy,” which is feeling sorrow for another’s misfortune.
Pacers taking one on the road before heading home for 2 is big for them.
I feel you... Same here... Just grinding.
callme. It's abt time u do that!
No Twitter. I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION. QUIT EFFING ASKING. My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question over&over.
Buffett now holds 10 million shares of General Motors, and his Viacom investment shows he continues to bet on entertainment.
March is here, which means the first day of Spring is drawing near. Have you started wearing your Spring makeup colors yet?
Recently borrowed a bunch of books on painting and color theory from the library. I'm excited to learn more about paint and color!
there's a difference between modeling, and being practically naked and begging for attention. Girls are strange.
True! RT Everyone is RT : I'm getting spammed with Wal-Mart junk. I NEVER talk about them.
That was a totally unfair technical call but HEY CLIPS THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU WHINE FOR FIVE STRAIGHT GAMES.
Aren't you lucky? I'll be getting it for free too. I'm going to a different house for dinner everyday.
thank you, don't mind if I say so myself :)
lol can't stop watching the tennis mockumentery... literally watched it 10 times
I <3 IT WHEN IT RAINS
It's a beautiful spring morning--perfect for sharing a story about Texas wildflowers. Barnyard Buddies begins in less than an hour!
thank you so much!
people that are only interested in swimming during the olympics aren't true fans of the sport
You have that Canadian knack for being able to spoof a song, using any topic... as a half-Canadian, I can't keep up with you!
thanks for clarifying, i missed it in tweetchat, had to go to twitter home page to see it! :(
Good lookin on the RT fam, sorry for your loss last night. You talk to yet?
now I am hungry!
The Baozhong Oolong comes from Pinglin, Taiwan. Amazing to see the whole leaves intact!
I've seen better. But you gotta love her, she's a classic.
I am so, so proud of our president right now.
sometimes coffee at starbucks just hits the spot.
I'm filled with the nervous excitement that come with the possibility of a life changing event. No sleep till...
congrats, guys!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FAM
Almost missed the bus while buying faygo. That's an ICP lyric, right?
can't argue with that. Someday I will have the honor :)
you two are adorable! too cute :)
Hope everyone has a great time at Rock Beyond Belief!
baby horse
They could charge $20 a sandwich and it would be worth it.
The countdown to Sade and John Legend at the Scope 9/12 has begun. Tickets on sale now , Ticketmaster or call 800-745-3000.
I really fucking love brown eyes.
Can you put some money on my account real quick please
amen to that.
Those nights when the babies make me want to shoot myself repeatedly.
Should be studying.
Brooks doesn’t mention David's client was Merrill Lynch, which has hundreds of Indiana employees-the work had nothing to do with the bailout
: We at Youth Court would like to wish everyone a safe and happy holiday!!!!!
Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed. -Proverbs 16:3
I want it!! Let's go!!! Who is playing!!?
oh no problem
Pretty sure just blocked me on account. Thanks, Alec! Payback for my post about you maybe?
lol, yeah, some of my old self-pub versions of my books are going for up to $160, or something like that. I HOPE they are signed!
that's only rad only.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Slow progress is better than none.
and again. :)
Artie's my new hero.
welcome Mark ;)
we should finally connect
I'm lost lol
True but lovin my Libra“: #TheRealityIs #Scorpios are the best lovers.
I'd love to be considered; I have samples, but they're not on my website. Email ok?
(jen) Crunching numbers (NomNomNom).
I wish I wasn't who I am right now...
RT : Having a Salad for lunch today...i feel u on that..
Taking care of business, friends. I'll be updating soon.
Welcome new Colts player you should ring Sorgie for Advise how to make Big money carrying a Clip board.
I'm in
Got my license.
Up and on my way to Philly. Tired af this is now not my time of morning FML
what are you doing this AM - I'm thinking about taking a walk down to the sale in a bit.
ugh stupid chicago groupp got switchedd :/
#naz2012 we live in the greatest country in the world--take advantage of it!-Robert Duffy
Indeed! Thanks & back atcha ;) RT: : Just followed Us poster artists gotta stick together!
Enjoying my time now, not thinking of whats coming soon...
I wish called me as much as he did on accident.
RT FundraisingRecital:Biblical Songs by Dvorak op.99, Gypsy Songs op.55 Bach, Cantatas and Arias 4 Alto Solo // Where? When?
yea he does
We are looking for a blogger how is willing to write for karmaloopcoupons.org! interested ? drop us a line at
I was just going to say DJ getting FTs is kinda like a #CLIPPERS turnover.. but he made them BOTH!! #GoDJ!
"For a million years, raise your glass in cheers. We will never answer we came from. Only how we got here."
I miss Pop'NTaco on Central. They had the best carne adovada gorditas ever, & I loved their tacos. I'm hungry now. I miss u Pop'NTaco.
If you can't figure it out, we probably can...just sayin'.
with so many dots on the map I can't see my house. can you make it more usable?
People can't find a woman/man that's worthy cuz they not putting in the correct amount of time to see what that individual is about
Good night. Time to turn in. Maybe Newt will "suspend" his campaign by daybreak. One can hope....
Try using Google Docs - it autosaves. It has saved me from re-doing a project several times.
Well that was fun. Goodbye k201!! 3 finals down 3 to go!!
:( I got excited. But thanks!
rolling decade? Laughing.
1.draw out all my money to the last cent from the bank. 1.1 buy milk and take it to the lib. with me 2.enroll the paid library 3 study hard
Some of the best times are just sitting back & talking to our guys. Funny stories by & today.
RT : Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. -Mother Teresa << We have to believe we have the power.
tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend
Thanks to for sponsoring tomorrow's luncheon featuring fashion show at Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach!
DEMI IS CONFIRMED FOR THE X FACTOR I MIGHT WEEP
congrats on qualifying to the Nationals, and good luck!
Where are all my old students at?
If u haven't Checked out my video with go to YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!! Thanks!
Had once heard it was b/c Canada hosted summit to pick letters and we chose to go last & unify with "Y".
Cities aren't the problem, pillaging the land in blind pursuit of profit & lack of affection for people is the problem. -paraphrased Berry
Very excited for this morning's #EducationSmackdown !
The only thing that's going to bother me is that you all called yourselves my friends
“: That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...”😠😡💔
Real recognise real and u look unfamiliar
Arg....website problems today...not good.
Another gorgeous day! Lots of positive news in the air! Everything I see or read all points toward moving forward and going after ur dreams
We're standing in front of main stage waiting for
Don't be hating because Meryl Streep won...and quit saying she was plastered! She can't read without her specs!
thank you for being on our show. It was a pleasure to speak with you.
so do some people that don't start off as friends
Congratulations on your no. 1 position!!!!
We need a constitutional amendment that bans any part of the government from taking money from the Social Security program.
Stop by your favorite watering hole and enjoy the $1 drink! :)
good luck!!
Be healed now....
Many producers/artists do it for the money and fame. Very few do it for the love of music. I'm part of that few; I love music period!
I WANT TO. I'll buy tix eventually.
Thank you babe! XoRT : love it!!
Oh man that's gotta be scary. I hope they can figure out what's wrong and FIX IT!
call me
thanks for the lovely #FF!
Thx for the #follow We #followback Plz follow my friends a #local Out of Home TV network
It'd be cute to be a stay at home mom(:
glad to hear it - thanks for joining us today!
Just so you all know. IS A BIG FAT MEANIE.
hey, thanks. Happy spring to you!
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
Check out the audio clips. Some sick stuff. www.freekshowradio.com
Listening to Mr. Wale
Roll call where my houston niggas at??
At the Outback grubbin!
"airports are not fun." —David Foster Wallace, "Westward the Course of Empire Takes Its Way"
why does this bus sound like the 94 earthquake WTH - First 750 bus west FML
Advanced Mailing Svcs is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, NM. Please stop by and see us or call at 505-899-3104.
Weclome !!!! LOVE your hashtag haha RT I have joined the 21st century. Thanks for having me.
What? Does Canada have King's Dominion? I'm confused. haha
Who doesn't like to save money in these economic times? Advanced Mailing Svcs can help you do just that. Call us at 505-899-3104
Yo. Avery Bradley > Reed.
Pints of local strawberries from Spicknall's farm on Old Gunpowder in Silver Spring. They barely make it home they're so yummy
oh and getting dressed lol
sources: Sen. Malcolm Smith will vote for redistricting lines. The only member of black and latino caucus in senate to vote yes
Mother’s Day is tomorrow,in case you forgot. has got you covered! Bring mom in for brunch and we'll do the rest! Even the gift!
At the peds office with carter for his concussion follow up
Yay, finally getting my user directories off my Windows 8 SDD and onto an HDD
thanks Jes - everyone loves online dating and porn research and...good Twitter research! Let's do more.
Saturday mornin..gonna take mother and kid sister downtown to Gimbel's and Luchow's..
New this year: , and I will tweet live from 's #BestSeminar--it'll be the seminar highlight reel!
the producer will be happy to hear this..He loves 3000 faces - thnx again :)
Happy Tuesday #SanDiego!
I'm ruthless now a days . Y'all ain't shit haha
Everybody just assumes I'm the only child..
Happy New Year! Bring out the resolution's! Peace, Joy, love, and healthcare reform is what this country needs to have.
"When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do."
Can't stop eating myself.
Missing #ala11 but following it vicariously on Twitter and Facebook
aye justin, PLEASE RELEASE BELIEVE TOUR DATES WE'RE DYING HERE
Wow, enjoy. Walking through the Goldeneye backyard/vineyard is a treat.
nancy is unreal
lol you wish you could do me
Big plans in the works for all the SpeedReelers out there... just wait 'n see!!
so, my dream: become an actress, so, I'll figth to be an actress, can anybody help me? RT RT RT onlly click on RT, PLEASE :)
for real? That's awesome!! I've never been friends with someone who has the same birthday as me that's pretty amazing!
I WILL! Finally Emilie, something bloody lovely comes to our news channel :3
I said dye but I mean food coloring!
Visiting my girlfriends sister in Palm Harbour
News Ogilvy criticizes Couples early Woods pick Geoff Ogilvy criticized Fred Couples for giving Tiger Woods a Presidents Cup
will be hittin the casino next week. gotta hit that buffet
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
So TRUE! If you want an exec to care, show that you care by knowing a little about their company and what they want.
Yes i know but a lot of Americans have been cocky about it. 1D belong in the Uk.(:
gets alot of credit from me for predicting the lions win over the skins weeks in advance. During the lions losing streak.
“: Me: "I'm cold" Guys: "Shut up and stop complaining", Hot Girl: "I'm cold" Guys: "I'm so sorry! Take my jacket!!!! Are you warm now?"”
RT : preservation requirements and the requirements of legal industry are almost the same
Bahaha. What are you going to do?
haha yeah when my family had a shit load if money and had that nice ass condo!!
SWAG FREAKEND WEEKEND !! FINALE SUNDAY BABES CABARET SCOTTSDALE RD.HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !! VIDEO SHOOT !! 3-14-10
If the Phoenix Coyotes win the cup before the #sabres, it may be time to pull the plug on the sabres franchise.
Think from the beginning about anything you are going to deploy and look at them through a common decision tree.
in des moines. headin to mall of america!
Metroplex Connectors meeting this morning.
Vernon Franklin > Brenda Johnson...but Charlie Murphy's Rick James better than both. Hilarious.
Very obvious that pure economists & politicians cannot solve US debt issue. Time 2 look at successful scientists who r also good economists?
I dont understand why always hates on Dwight Howard. He's a beast!!
next week weds. POOF!!!!
I want to win so that I can build one
Congrats to Manchester City and their fans for capping the Premier League's version of Game 162 with a long-awaited crown.
“: The first of many wins for Sporting KC this season. Good work everyone. Winning is a habit. #SKCNation” << aww yeah!! Game on!
Watching the Grammys muted with my wife and listening to our own music, makes for a much better experience.
ya sure
yes it is working, nice butt!
coach C wanted me to see if you"d hit me back. This his bud in Denver u met. I told him needs to get on tweeter
Thanks, everyone, for helping me celebrate my birthday in style! What a fun day, cake, food. Awesome!
so technically, #princewilliam is not available anymore? I hope we will not be seeing his text messages on some blonds
our thoughts exactly!
“: Trinity's Summer Research Program begins today. Looking forward to 10 weeks of undergraduate student awesomeness. #TU_SURP”
that's sounded like minka
Tired af & waiting at the bus stop -.-
The thought of you still makes me crazy ♥
Would've loved that kind of customer support, oh, during the days of version 3.3.
The Japanese liquor, Mam, uses venomous snakes as one of its main ingredients. Sounds yummy , NOT! I will stick to my Stinky Gringo!
I will be there! Opening night!
Take proper care of your skin
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
seems to think I should stop my holdout from Google+. I'm not convinced. I guess I'm not tech-geek enough.
I'm gonna review three movies for Sam Raimi for LAMB Director's Chair.
yes...there should..
"I'm on your pickle jar yall!' - Paula Deen on my pickle jar
yay, I'm so happy for you!! Sounds like you're gonna love it, How exciting!!!
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS ALL WEEKEND HERE AT THE FUJI!
Sending this to Lori, Get to work douche-knocker you are on the public's dime right now.
Awesome! Are you also a Cavs/Indians fan or just Brownies?
See you at CMU!
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
RT It is easier to believe than to doubt.Everett D. Martin.Pls RT This
. iPhone keyboard "fails" or "takes getting used to"? I do feel that it's not straightforward and requires discipline.
Which Kyle delivered you chicken noodle soup yesterday?
Let's go Pens! Kick the Flyer's asses!!
Greg Baldwin: Status quo is powerful force in the #nonprofit community. We see things differently.
why the chicken cross the road? ta show the opossum it could be done!!!
All well...working and working...in that order....what you up to?
hopefully you didnt get hurt RT : Car has just spun 360 when I was turning into my road, it was awesome.
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
There are 650 Trillion differernt possible games of Chess. If you already knew that, then that explains why you are still a virgin.
My bff made me hot tea and i burnt my lip soo bad. However, when cooled est tea EVER plus she gave me the cutest mug! <3
34. #Cubs 8 #Brewers 2 | Brew Crew cannot sweep / The Cubs leave town with one win. / Our cellar partners.
Need a photographer at your event? I have over 30 years experience shooting s, weddings, and other social events. Contact me!
can't make it to computers in libraries this year. following #cildc will have to do!
who is your profile pix
" Your Great Name" by Natalie Grant acoustic version
Way to go Miles!!! Best valur for $ on the Dodgers team. Go #Dodgers !!
Watching Selena again. Its so annoying because my sister looks like Chris(selena's husband) lol.
we both share love for James Bond =)
I need help I'm on bag #3!
Do you just search "dubstep" and reply to people that post about it? lol
i look cute today
Catch up! I'm being snarky all by myself! I need you!
- I have some ideas for sure. It is the delivery that I don't have.
Thanks for the support <333
follow me!!!!!!please
Road again to Italy DVD 2. This time the coach is on one side, and music on another.
I wish the VGA connector would die off for good so I can stop carrying around so many converters and cables.
Rob! I love running into you, always. You got some great shots. I luv the ones of Lauryn and Hiero.
SmashZone, the premier interactive tennis exhibit on earth, coming to People's Fair in Denver, June 4-5. Volunteers needed. More info soon.
I don't ever want to leave here. not because of the weather.... Because I don't think about you when I'm here
Btw you have lots of $$ from where I can see, so where should we start the line!!!
this nigga going get us into a fucking accident. Stupid ass.
#IfIRuledTheWorld I would make it illegal to not like Nutella
Is anyone else watching #mycrazyobsession on TLC? This is unreal and so awkward!
- bragging about being high-tech while including an improper link! Irony!
i want the boys to be happy.
Flash mobs have their own show on Fox now.
Snooki's baby, Rebecca Black's new album, and a Megan Fox movie are all due on Dec 21, 2012. The Mayans were right!
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London
How is everybody? I'm good and working hard
We needed PR and what do you know we are getting PR. God always gives you just want you need when you need it.
mine has like, 600.
more thunderstorms, please?
Bracing for tonight's weekly avalanche of drunken status updates from various Applebee's restaurants across the country.
I'm looking for bloggers with cats. If you have a cat + a blog + want to be part of a giveaway, let me know!
Anyone have a recommendation for a company who will crowdsource/work with a small co on a small budget to create a logo?
prom preparations have finally come to an end. already exhausted of the topic and the event hasn't even begun! 😞🔫
Who still get on Facebook- like get on once in awhile ok but your whole life revolves around it really? Tf?
i love leaving this place after midnight
not really sure how I feel about that ceareal bar I just ate...
I liked that one. and I agree with you!
Age, gender, and social class determine how likely you are to experience successful (optimal) aging. Source: University of Cologne, Germany
text me& we'll figure it out!!
Tonight, BC Footwear will be giving away free pairs of shoes to the top 15 up-crafted shoemakers! Etsy Craft Night saves the day,...
You hatched from your Twitter Egg!
Don't forget, #SugerRush comes out tomorrow at 730pm CST at www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane!
Mine probably won't have increased sales either. I generally only sell about 20 a month e-books and 5-8 paperbacks. Old book
Are you cheating on me and the red velvet cookies with these yummy looking treats?
go die !
So if ur mom's group thinks ur spawn of Satan, does that make ur mom Satan?
You get to throw fireballs at everything!
Breaking: new Virginia law requires smokers to get a lung X-ray each time before they light up
Hard headed folks! Now we can't have my mom's famous meat loaf! Ugghh!!
SAT class swaggin
lmao what is the craziness you've noticed? I'm kind of happy you look at your followers tho.
word but I really miss her
Operation: Don't Be A Fatass starts today. I know I've said that before but this time it's for real.
The truth is often stupid.
RT The problem with money is too much of it belongs to people who aren't me.
I can make you glad you come 🎶
Please dont call me later on tonight saying to come post your bail. U have been warned about the police checkpoint...by numerous people !!
Listened to "The One that got away" by about 100 times now
When we're YOU in the coast guard?? :P
scrimp and crab yo! Listening to the allmans....
Alcohol and drug abuse: Getting involved in alcohol and drugs will put you in a bad situation, regardless if you get arrested or not.
please follow me!!:D
u tweeted ur kidding? to me and ac...
Thank you! RT : although I did not have the opportunity to attend :(, I heard the event was amazing! Congrats!!
Stop the Ban strongly encourages registering to vote and voting in local elections! We also encourage you follow !
I love love live this new place. :)
I'm on skype! I'm at a luncheon but Skype away
Sometimes taking things out is good..
Just watched the first episode of Homeland. I think I just found a new show to watch
must be nice to just say oh i'm tired i'm not going to work today, ugh so annoyed!
i need a 2nd belt...and there goes that siamese cat again...
wins a #MomInspired Gift Bag! Congrats! DM your email address to
I would buy one then tell my mom to buy one, my sister to buy one, my grandparents to buy one, and my dog to buy one!
Sorry I missed the convo re: PBN last night. I got a response from the writer. Prob w/ contest is the metrics to win.
Don't forget our artist talk tomorrow from 1:30-2:30 featuring Nancy Novick and Janathel Shaw. Hope to see you there!
i dont even know what that is..
Senators attorney says they won't fight the GAB on request for more time.
that's so crazy! It's almost exactly what I did yesterday!!
#ImHappyWhen your happy.
I got 's Valentine's Day letter. #letterbragging <3
I was digging the gold tonight my dude.
Heading on 's Brewers Roundtable coming up at 605. Would love to have you listen in and tell me I'm wrong. Odds are pretty good
Hanging out with at Granville Moorr's on H st. Miss the college days :-)
Thanks for the #FF Andreas. I'm AfricanViolet_2 now. Have a great weekend. :)
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” -Muhammad Ali
IMA go buy me SOME DING DONGS!!
(: lol well tell me about new girl !
heres to me, heres to you. the best of friends we'll always be, but if we should disagree. to hell with you and heres to me. chugg!
thanks for retweeting my quote. Perhaps you can review my book and post a note on Amazon for me. Glad to meet you Gionni.
Thx for making this mama mobile
Fascinating questions about sympathy - what poco critics see as 'ideological window dressing for extraction' - Chaudhary goes further.
Official practice begins at 2pm. I love this time of year.
Making the best decisions for oneself is not always easy. It's hard not to feel selfish :/
Nice outcome for MegaMillion windfall: It goes to an elem. school teacher, a special-ed teacher and an admin -- who will all keep working.
hey there bud
Thanks for the RT about our giveaway!
The movie battleship looks like pearl harbor with aliens
Who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number? Part 1 up now at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Sometimes being an emotional train wreck isn't fun
Hold on 2 faith & faith will hold on 2 u.
Oh! Well that explains it. Was that you in the sleeping bag tweeted about walking past earlier?
"The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it. The strokes come like speech."[Vincent van Gogh]
#ImReallyGoodAt cutting people off. If I'm done with you, you're nonexistent to my life
Watch Criminal Minds 7X12 | Unknown Subject | Promo [Hd ...
OK so I need a scarf, and I have a design in mind but I can't knit. How much do you charge for custom orders?
did you forget to take your meds today silly clown?!
This time they blogged flourish of manner
In Smith Hall there's a video installation of a woman trying on bras. I was next in line for the ATM and didn't notice because BOOBIES.
If you would kindy NOT shove your relgious claptrap down my throat, it would B appreciated. marriage = 2 ppl, k?
No i dont lol. i told my mom in the car that day i think that kid goes to my school and hes cute xD ur there often:p
I DONT KNOW ABOUT ME, BUT I KNOW ABOUT YOU, SAY HELLO TO SWAFITTI 3 2 SWIPE.
RT : Hey everyone! This is tonight, and it will be amazing: the second edition of Two Ships Passing, a conversational......
That awkward moment when you receive an aftersession for a day you won't be present.
RT In a wrld where we've the ability &knowledge to feed clothe &shelter all ppe,we shld be ashamed millions still starve
do it and you die! Go giants
Everytime I hear the song Wobble, I think of the girls basketball team
Everybody follow me
lol my bad
This shit is about 2 get real
you wanna match one wit us?
Waiting on idiots proves to be a frustrating experience.
follow please
Do you think your ever gonna come to hawaii???? Everyone that i know loves you and your family!!
So just saw that..best movie EVER!
But I'm still gone ride round n get it lok
Lol!! It's good to hear from y'all again too!
h00rah ASP.net
loco!!, you can do Qt with #python!!
Regan Smith said his water temp was normal. Not sure why his engine gave way.
haha, i love you :P
So large percentage of black voters supported Amendment 1? Last I checked so did OVERWHELMING majority of white voters.
I'm so CAUGHT UP! I don't know what it is<3 #Usher throwbacks
I, for one, welcome our new twitter bot overlords RT : Beep, boop.
Yellow laffy taffy >
waitt im legit dyingg at that text wiggle wiggle wiggle
If you follow & will be participating in #HireFriday, send us a DM as a heads-up so we can RT for you!
They have a great iPad app, if you have an iPad.
Your obsessed! : It takes two people to love
RT: School is POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: W ...
We will resume 2nd round tomorrow at 7am.
My then-best friend and I would go and people watch. It represents a period of my life to me.
Random News: Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Guzaarish goes to the Oscar Library
:) RT Poop. you're so gross
So far...worst day ever :/
My TBuds about to dive into steaming bowl of Mi La Cay ("roasted chicken noodle") at Quan Linh,the Asian Bistro across from My Bros Crawfish
For 3+ years, Pres OBAMA has, while leading the Executive branch & as Commander-in-Chief, carefully backed the GOP into a corner. Check.
A gorgeous day in Columbus.. are you all enjoying it?
Why is every chef in portland either fat, or is rocking a big ass beard??
-.- RT Unfollows** (; “: one more follower till i reach 6OO :}”
I hate fake hoes
rented a car & driving to the nearest mountain range
Oh, that would be great- Chicago
‎FASET students, please ignore any screams or uncontrolled weeping you may think you hear inside student dorms. We assure you it's nothing.
Memphis DT Dontari Poe has bust written all over him. Good luck w/ that KC. Geesh.
Every1 is so political tonight on this convenient digital soap box. I want to rant too. Here...
Oscar nominee David Strathairn will join Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of THE HEIRESS!
is driving & me to get the best bbq in Texas. This the the best thing I've heard since the tunes @ Headhunters
Kansas will have the Championship anyway because Kentucky will be on probation! If that happens, hope Calipari will be banned from the
So glad I'm not in calculus.
"and you-u saw spahhhks. and it clicked in your mind, like all the otha times"
Just put on my concert band dress. I look like a freaking old time person D:
Proven: the best way to cure cheese curl nausea is to eat more cheese curls. This also applys to cheese puffs.
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Planning out my half marathon training is making me very excited to run!
is their a reason #FoxSports can't televise in 1080HD like the rest of the world...upgrade already
T3: Agree with But I have no doubt they will be used to criticize health reform as placing undo burden on hospitals
my heart was beating out of my chest ._.
About to b a long damn day! I can feel it!
Me and snowflake are over! :,(
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret? I have an unfollow button too & im not afraid to use it. PET PEVE RIGHT THERE! #FollowBack #Justin<3
Two tweets ago though. TMI
