The Brewers don't have one anymore either, since Yadiel Rivera turned 20 on May 2.
sounds like you will be getting a punch just after gets his. :)
Was there an awkward call to Karen Russell and Denis Johnson? "No, no, it's not you, it's us. You rock, but we're just not feeling it."
Thanks for the follow!
- Brunswick Stew! :)
The Cleveland Show
excellent thanksgiving break filled with family and friends! Now, let's motivate ourselves to get through til Christmas!
Haven't you figured it out yet, i'm pretty slutty :P
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ...... Page Themes
My smart beautiful young daughter is not yet 21 to be so accomplished. She took after her father of course. :)
See me in a Jabba the Hutt costume with a burlesque slave Leia tonight at
Thank you!
City says they have 7 witnesses, willing to knock it down to 5
Ah yes, I know that frustration.
RT : It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
In all seriousness, if you have finals, good luck on them. If you don't, be nice to those who do.
So much for being up at 9am to get started on my day because its definitely 10am and i'm definitely still in bed.
but while we're at it, simultaneous secret fed grand jury pretty likely to be in works “: Hey idiot, it's not a federal #wiunion”
Why do ex girlfriends always end up turning into trashy hoes? o.0
Happy Mother's Day Ladies
any seats avail at foxnhound?
Defense let's stay strong!
Realanthropy: Half of every commission I earn is donated to the charitable organization of the client's choosing.
What to Do in Case You Miss the Rapture opens in two weeks! Join me and at Looking Glass on May 20, 21 & 22 at 7:30pm.
Just saw the developer preview of the way Facebook will look in a week. You thought people hated this week's changes? You have no idea.
My dad asked me to coffee. I couldn't pass it up :)
Heading to in a few weeks to work on distribution and engagement with and !
It's a cold, wet, downright dreary Saturday in RVA. Cure that seasonal depression and come visit us at either of our two stores today!
wait what? What kind of person would think that was funny?
which is exactly why i don't jump whenever i'm asked out. i just politely say no & go about my day. guys only want one thing!!
I am #proud to be an
do u & your family go to c the lights at the river walk?
Polar Bears #superbowl Liked “Catch,” but not so impressed with “Superstition.”
im not too good at soccer tho
Happy Hauntings, Everyone!
I live in cleveland bring em there
It could be your giving your screenplay to the wrong people. I always give explicit permission to dislike/hate it and tell me why.
#celticschat We can win this if we play hard and make good plays....This is a good team.
Capstone Projects. Fun to see UR MBA students serving as consultants to small businesses: Daystar Desserts, CarLotz and Keep It Simple Syrup
lol. some guy jus dogged my friend's song! i wonder why! maybe because he spittin some real shit.
Let me ask. can we arrange a tech talk next week? Feel free to reply via email.
Had to download TweetCaster all them other apps was whack as hell.
I can't wait to see Cam Wake under perform
We raised almost $12k for a little girl with leukemia on Saturday! Thanks to all who participated!
Has been on field yet?
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies,
According to Klout, I'm "influential about Mel Gibson" ... I think they need to work on their algorithms.
Today my birthday woo hoooo!!
Healthiest drink at bar?
Watching hip hop pov #im nt just a rapper I study this $hit
if I ever write a book, I'm gonna put in my accomplishments, "Made someone's life better(: <3" that someone is obviously you.
i feel like shit
you are very right sir.. only two more days of this hell!
Hahahhaha thank you my love ! you know I love you! RT : Me too!! 1,000Xs, though.
was worried I was trapped in the scorching pits of hell. turns out, I was only watching bette midler on an acura commercial.
Thank you!
if u think it is appropriate to judge me about my past, then dont get mad when i put u there. #taylorgang/chevy/wiz
oh.. yk.. Just at the senior dinner.. Waiting to see our video. #OhTheAnticipation!
Always choose your body will thank you not to mention your engine (heart).
Just tapped Avery IPA.
Ugh. I wish I was reading books this weekend instead of writing papers.
I've said no to it for nearly 20 years.
NYC lemonade: More of membership is active.
I�d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
how did the tournament go?
I had so much fun today
RT : RT : Profits blind execs, even to a dying product. ~ So do solid top line revenues:)
Its not transformers with out megan fox! >:\
You can always quarrel ... and not talk for many years ... And then by chance encounter and just go crazy ...
and then i get a scary thought that he's here means he neva lost
However, there were times of mass quantities, relived now and then.
they look good tho buts cool i got tacos i really dont like chocolate
Check out my video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Please *save the date* for "Celebrate Ability!" event: Tues Oct 23, 5 pm at Lloyd Ctr Doubletree, feat. PHAME + friends!
Can't wait to go see Inception. Hoping to go tonight.
aww. I miss right now. Especially since the type on these slides is HUGE.
Can't wait for the opening tonight at Mexic-Arte Museum.
OMG. Yes. We must watch It's makes our Mon morning phone calls that much better...
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Milwaukee!
Tim Thomas is a beast. That is all.
NCCF joining & in a social media campaign promoting research-based messages about early childhood
I met today ! I think I met a celebrity & she was very humble!
Omw to the hospital with these ballloooonnnss (: & a big ol' teddy bear for abuelita LUZ <3
That pit-in-stomach feeling of throwing away 6 cases of expired beer.
no I'm not mad at you
free for all
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week! Have a good weekend.
so her mom said "that girl needs birth control in a pez dispenser!" And my friend was like "No, actually. She's a really -c-
Spent the weekend battling some google redirect virus on my parent's computer.
would you be interested in monetizing the time people are spending on their smartphones in a landmark theater before a movie?
TGIF!!! Can't wait for the sushi eating contest tomorrow! Be there or be square! Fremont 2:30pm, Happy Hour from then on!
“: What happened when the pregnant cat ate yarn? She had mittens. *slaps knee*” *pees pants from hilariousness*
♬ Songwriters Amateur or Professional should be a member of even to give your support to a great organization ♬
Watch WUSA Channel 9 TONIGHT for MPA's fantastic ArtReach program featured in the HERO CENTRAL segment 5 - 6 PM!
I'm on it!
I'm trading a sony PSP with charger and metal case for a game boy advance SP. The flip phone looking ones. Hmu.!
What's really good with all of these white chicks coming down with Jungle Fever hahahha
So true: never forget that #DC is really just a small town. you'll never know who will turn up at your next job/party/interview
we awesome! Bad picture of me:(
We've now taken to calling our dog "The Lil'est Trooper with the Messed-Up Pooper."
Probably the musical highlight of the night.
Some Men are just not worth the second of the day.....
I-39/90 NB is closed at Mile Post 187 near the IL State Line due to a crash. Traffic is being waved through on the shouldered.
Pickin up my aunt at the airport !! :D
#SaySomething IS DEFINITELY MA JAM.
I was thinking of giving people the "I try hard" sticker whenever I mess something up.
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a white girl w/ her man 😳
Everyone has that person that....
you know who can beat the Kings right now? Ryan Getzlaf...in 3 minutes..
Candler Rd. smell just like sum
today is a happy day! I will finally have my place back to myself
I think I like it. You know I can't commit this soon :) Big congrats on your prospectus defense!!
LOL. That's incredible that it was you. Love this patio.
YES, UNTIL TOMORROW!
Tell her Don and Kari send our Love from Maine
Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very;" your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be....
Anyone going to Columbus Ale Fest this weekend?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch every NHL game live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!
|~.-!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Lil wayne please stop trying to sing. Stick to rap... Sincerely. Everybody
Sorry to see leave but best wishes to her in her new endeavor.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers? (((;
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
Ha! I will bring back extra twigs and acorns lol
me too! I would really like to know you in more ways than just one :)
Stoked for !
Today is gonna be a fun ass day!
Not me. A fairly realistic study of obsession. Never Let Me Go was better imo best I've seen in yrs
Story worth noticing: Kenny G looks pretty strong today. If Braxton tweaks an ankle again, we won't be worrying about the Bauserman effect.
are we Tryin to have like a 25 min Bernie session were like all we do is... Bernie? lol!
Market indexes are not hard to control. They are weighted. So when the Dow moves sharply returns can be controlled to tempt the pile ons
I'm always bored smh
assuming the worst of everyone: the surest way to improve relationships.
President of Hungary steps down over plagiarized dissertation. Fodder for the academic integrity discussion next time I teach composition.
Call or e-mail us today........ 858.279.7410
so I think all of u should Go follow my bruh like now hehe :)))
u no wat I mean wit lil ass booty
Big News: Excited to work with San Diego legend as he joins as head of Lifestyle & Entertainment Dept of !
The sun has returned to OKC! My mood has improved and my productivity has declined. I just want to be outside!
The motivation: The Headboard lmaoo!:)
When should I expect this free t-shirt to be arriving?
Adam Jones branded bubble gum?
RT : RT : Can we really expect Mitt to remember every time he formed a posse and assaulted a gay classmate?
My todo list app now lets me share what I need to do on Twitter and Facebook. Because I really want my friends to know what I havent done.
Team 1 would like to petition the use of two basketballs for our games
So im almost get shot waiting in a coney huh?
I remembered Wednesday we have senior presentations. So we can just go straight from there.?
No they call.u.
Why do I have the feeling this isn't going to be very satisfying?
watchin "Lottery Ticket" and i am laughing my butt off cuz its tht funny
Having an amazing time at #fye2012! the only thing that would make this conference better would be a Jeremy Lin sighting.
If you need another Q, how do people find blogs besides link following? How do you find that first one that leads to more?
new pic is cute :)
#SEM10 Music of West African Immigrants in the US this morning. Daniel Reed, Kay K Shelemay, Ruth Stone. Looking forward to it.
yesterday was really awesome! So happy I had so many good people and close family/friends to share it with!
me too...just not diamond seats
Been watching The Larry Sanders show on #IFC....TV gold!!!.... Hey now!
Stand Up by on pandora
That's right! His formative years, as he put it "there I grew up"!
Waiting for the internets to explode when the James Neal suspension ruling comes down.
And now I'm being rewarded with a Mad Men midnight replay, despite skipping it to see that flick.
I love being young I don't want to grow up
Follow Follow Follow
Should I cut my hair?
i want a video for "drinks on me" thats my fav song <3 !
haha I wish. Maybe he'll go to the jingle ball and I'll find a ride up there and I'll get to meet a lot more ppl <3
I wasn't cheery. *shrug*
Hey, do you know of a play script equivalent of SmashWords?
No More YOLO its all about F.I.S.H (Fuck it, Shit hurts)
Bad news MT : Big #dcfy13 cut: DC Healthcare Alliance benefits 'restructured' cover 'primary and preventative care only.' $23M.
investors who pay capital gains taxes will take their monies elsewhere if we continue to hate on hedge funds
Anyone else want to start calling him Randy Wolfenstein 3D? I would also accept Randy Operation Wolf.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions yesterday.
To those who ride bike while "walking" a dog: STOP! When uncontrolled dog darts in front of & trips runner, said runner might end up in ER
hahaha! I'm not sure that dressing up like a tweenkie would be safe ;)
RT : Join us each day this week at 11:45am at Block Lunch in MGC to donate your unused mealswipes to Community Council for Homeless
Just got a list of 4000+ books from RCL that we supposedly have our shelves...this is going to take a while to confirm.
you too
Most #wikipedia articles begin as stubs, then grow steadily by community involvement
oh, certainly not. just talking about my own plans and scholarly role models.
attention friends makes the best shepeards pie in Newfoundland.
both were far more eloquent that my 140 character synopsis
Ah. Baseball.
Clearly a good day to catch the peloton napping.
where's Wendy?
Viva La Vida:)
With me having 's keys and said keys having pepper spray on them I'd say my chances of pepperspraytothedome are a solid 70%
the concept of YOLO isnt to drink, somke, and look like an idiot. its so live life to the fullest and love everyday of your life -amen-
is the new travel blogger making me never want to stay in a hotel again!
Lack of sleep, finals stress, and an empty stomach have all collided to induce the blaring of Phantom of the Opera tracks while studying.
Well law students are not short on that either. Not sure if it is self-selection or pressures of law school, which are real.
I am who I say I am dnt b nobody but yourself everyone else is taken!!
Interesting-thanks for sharing!
caught in a downpour at lunch again! Drenched! Honestly...it was fun:)
Visiting family in Gilbert, Arizona. Nicely removed subdivision!
Ah only 364 days till my favorite holiday again!!!!
buy the first and 2nd OF mixtapes
(cont) Please post a comment on Economonitor and I will explain in detail others interested too but too much for a tweet
. I think a boycott of tourism in North Carolina would say something.
What's everyone doing tonight? Get in here!
Why does my son have to turn off my xbox in the 4th quarter of a game! Why
if I knew that was going to last longer than two minutes, I'd hurry up and come in!
Can we redefine poverty as a lack of security? Physical, financial, emotional, etc
Organizing panel for RSA 2013: "Dissident Women's Correspondence Networks, c. 1640-80". Looking for a chair!
Is it enough, for you to just leave me? A couple fights, that we said we'd fight through. Just last week, you said that you need me.
so jealous wish I was there! Have a great time!!!
Arrests starting on lasalle and wacker bridge. It is shut down!
The Republic Tigers are great. Really tuneful, very talented. Hope you liked the film...
well yeah, 4 seasons--- hell
RT : Does anyone do eportfolios in a low tech school? #sschat >>Important question.
Aww I hope you feel better babe!!
it is Thomas lol I was too drunk Craig was the one in the Black shirt from Hooligans
Grading "special" teams | Um, that last stroke of genius | Makes it D- |
Seeing Selena's FB status made me happy <3 love you.I'm glad you are havin fun
Whatever the case, Malkmus is GOD.
Insane or reasonable to know all the words to take that's 'back for good'?
Everyone Makes Mistakes, But Always Remember To Admit Your Own Mistakes First Before You Point Out Someone Elses.
Unfortunately, the Seahawks didn't come to play today. if they score here its a wrap.
How does it bypass copyright laws?
Thank you!
+10000 RT : Woot! just got a super shout out for her work at the all staff!
My name is Hallie, I do marketing and PR for the museum. Nice to "meet" you!
you're a cutie. :p
Glencastle Dance School takes over Lakefront Brewery to promote Irish Fest, August 18th - 21st. Come see Cashel takeover Friday, July 22!
awww, you just don't know how to drive it.
The man in the mirror is my only opponent
Good Morning!
I love women who keep it classy but know how to make it nasty.
What are you looking for exactly? Money league, free league, etc?
damn thats crazy that just happin too me
oh yess!!!!! That would be the best day EVER!!!!!!
lol on the bus and im bored where is everyone???
Fake a frown you hurt others,fake a smile you hurt your self...
75% of SEO is quality link building, Social media networking is a great way to build links. Also building mini sites & industry directories
Was hoping to send you a DM about something, but can't for some reason...
I loved iCarly tonight best episode ever!!! I <3 1D!
My day has been made!!!!!! I'm not single anymore!!!!!!! <3 P.S. This is not Allie olo
I wouldn't want Shia anywhere near that role.
Looking forward to the Digital Rochester career fair this evening! Hopefully, everybody hasn't gone to sleep by the time I get there....
CD replication lines have been churnin & burnin. Duplication screaming too. Artists still need product at the gig! Hit us for t-shirts too!
Why must I be so screwed up in the head....?:/
“: the ONLY way the lakers winning is if Ron injure durant westbrook AND harden #AtTheSameDamnTime”
That dude Blake is beast .
oh yeah I also will eat at salmonella n thangs. Their chicken carpaccio is the best with homemade kombucha.
News: "Facebook Asks Users to Add Organ Donor Status" <-- Whatever...we sell them here on Twitter.
Who will go yard 1st this season: Albert Pujols or Bryce Harper?
trying to get away from him..as far as i can
yea for real yo, nxt they'll b rocking snapbacks, n guys might start wearing heels
mom says no shorts underneath. gah! mom, i don't want to be naked!
10K prize now unlocked! We have over 750 unique #AEDs entered, so the team or individual who submits the most by March 27 wins $10k!
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
No one understands how happy I am that this is my last year at glades 🙏😌
The sound design user interface is progressing nicely this week!
solved my problem, web site still needs work...
PHP WILL NEVER DIE
Yess it does
How much would a Kickstarter for a new season of The West Wing raise? Is "jillion" a real number?
Avatar was a great visual adveture. Like we finally got to see deeper into the alien city of the abyss.
Dubstep tonight! No cover, bass and cheap drinks coming at you all hard night!!!
": Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill"
Strive for the best!!~
Shaq being a doctor is too funny to me. But good for him
I know! What's up with that?!
Thanks! Its more about learning new tools and processes...AGH! Happy Friday!
yeah, face down probably. As usual. - Bulldog
Yes, have them fax it to 303-426-1200
A little trepidatious about looking over the book I "finished" the other day - well, screw it to the sticking place and all that
Last lyrical and pointe class for the year :D #fuckyes ..is it bad that i'm happy? WHATEVER!
It's embarrassing how many times I've listened to #callmemaybe. What is it about this song?! Please, someone explain it to me.
Thank you, Aaron!
OMG. Must try. Thanks!
Yeah but I work my ass off for it all.
We love partnering with churches who allow us to see students during non-school hours.
My brother is a belieber :)
and pledge your allegiance.
If he's is going to make claims like "10 years behind", I need a low-level analysis, not a comparison to update cycles.
I just get tired of some people.
Is anyone else concerned about the long lines at unemployment and rising.However #Obama thinks it is improving
Like free coffee? Our Columbus Commons location opens on Monday and we'll be serving up free coffee all day long!
Tweets u come to regret lmao RT : I love all people but I want to move somewhere where there are more black people
#WeWontWork if u aint bout bettering yourself! and coming up with ways to live comfortbly!
RT @ JasonBraud: If u find yourself trying or waitin for someone else to change its usually YOU that needs to change.
#SocialMediaTip be true to yourself
shout out to , you always look nice. NOLA group reunion over the summer?
yea I guess
im kinda hungry
Good..nah God life..LoLz
What About Another Skype Contest?
#imagine walking on the boardwalk with Austin, holding hands & he's shirtless. <3
#sales is not for sissies; your mental preparation is the key to success (vs. sales "techniques").
I know! But then again he might wanna keep it to himself for awhile.
Fun night at the studio !
"The detail and clarity is very pronounced... Very clean presentation better than I expected from PC's." -Bob N. loves his new Stratus
True, and 80's were markedly different than 70's, when less scripted and didn't know what the he'll may happen. Spontaneity kaput
finally...rain!
well Jesus, welcome to Twitter : ) If you have any tips on healing my pelvic fracture, send 'em my way.
just saw you on fox news here in Sacramento. Dude, you rock! Tweet4beer if your ever at a phillies game.
I think I broke my swagger. I accidentally turned it on a couple days ago...and it won't turn off.
back in from another long day & night of time lapse --- we shot some bAnGErZ son.
Today, me, at the Cock and Bowl in Occoquan, Virginia. Starting at 4PM, ending around 9PM. #Music Come on out.
Dem politicians proudly point to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act- the bill is nothing more than a false promise of reform.
Sure, if I'm out there on the weekends. Otherwise, we can swim at the Aquatic Park in the city.
Defining your ideal day gives you the ability to live intentionally rather than haphazardly.
Can my day get any worse?:(
Congratulations to former Blast intern Angie and her husband Bobby on the birth of their daughter!!
come by grizee n hang wit me .
Hoppin in the shower
Small screen satisfaction
We'll have to hold a private catered team #TSW2011 meeting to discuss. cc:
TIME TO FIND A NEW SHOW TO WATCH ON NETFLIX
Wish I could rate "Ease of Working With" LEO and Detention Centers in and around KC. WITHOUT Fear of Reprisal. MAYBE we should.
Ha! Indeed, it does!
what time? I got an audition in hollywood at 12.
The & Indy Wine Fest is coming up on Friday, March 2nd. We'll have 12 fabulous wines for you to sample!
You guys need to move back to El Lay already. Stop with this Riverside shet
Ah! That just reminded me that I have a pair of cheap, tinny brand headphones from an old lunch and learn. Cheers, sir!
TYVM for the #SO Have a great #Sunday!
There are only two reasons why you're disappointed: wrong person or wrong expectation.
2 years since My World♡
I hear it's T-Storming in Milwaukee. Reminds me of how cool the roof at #Millerpark is. 25 days until
Okay, you're getting annoying.
That's enough Miley Cyrus!
Um, would a guy dressed like Joss work?? RT : Joss.
we are!
Going to get chipotle👍💘 I mean it's not like I eat anything else.
I'm ready! “: Join and for #designtv live at 5pm ET! We are talking #tradhome mag from ”
Okay seriously, how many times are they gonna let Julio Lugo screw up before they do something about it? START GREEN & GET RID OF LUGO!
just cracked a Labatts
True dat! RT : With over 1 million alumni, this isn't surprising! RT : no matter where I go I see ppl from SUNY lol
im deffinitly loving christina's hair tonight on
I hate when I get a boner in class & my desk flips over. ~.~ LOL.
>> We Are Providers of Quality Gifts For Him And Quality #Gifts For Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return Policy! #FREE Shipping
They really do not have enough skills to keep up with Kobe .
I can't wait to see it!
rt...yall could use a new fresh artist like me!!!! Im tryna go hard!!
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU!
its because I'm black and you either think I would eat it all or you don't want seem like a racist.
I need to see Frank Ocean live .
I cannot handle you watching Gossip Girl ;)
Going to the game? Park with us in our secure gated lot w/ on duty attendant. Open until one hour after end of game. 1207 G Street 92101
I am not inferior!
Sell Online Nixon Axe Watch – Men&#39;s All Black, One Size ...
Good morning everyone!
flight delayed?
No one likes you; feel free to go back where you came from (:
It was good, but since it's in LA, I wouldn't have minded hearing the Chili Peppers version instead.
I been hitting the gym hard lately. This summer about to be crackin
how much for a night
wonders what we are gonna do without ya!
I hate Mrs. Sunday _-_
3rd double shift iv worked this week super tired just got from work nice and comfy
Love this! RT : Gorgeously #green tip of the day: Dipping toothpicks in a little peppermint and tea tree oil is a great way...
haha i bet! and did they play the whole album?
yeah we workin hard tryin win state
it makes me feel fucking stupid when ppl don't reply to me!
Revise #history :)
yes some!!
Thanks!! =D
O Florida would be great. I'm hoping for a in Texas.
Going to be on #Skype for a few minutes. Say "Hi". mvaldes1200
Well, then I'd bet on you. That day comes every year and is always pretty much the same. You, OTOH . . .
Maybe they are using the Mayan calendar?
NAWWWWW YOU'RE SWEETER!! :D AW
... Siri tried to commit suicide!!!
I give it about another week unless he turns it around soon.
ohemgee! best time at azarias house!! going there tomorrow too! :-) xx
Why can't my life be like a movie?? :(
AP calls Tom Barrett as the winner of democratic recall primary race for Governor.
It is June 1, officially the first day of my kiddos summer vacation-eff, I'm exhausted, we may not make it till August! ;)
Deep fried Girl Scout Thin Mints are THE best! Usually found at fairs. :)
out in DC?
from jail?
great meeting last night at #TheRanch, chris! you're a funny guy. i'll drop you a line via email in a bit
I had a great time! Exhausting but fun and inspiring.
you don't even look full 'British' yourself...CHANGE
(kendall) that's right bro be there for your girl. (Me) just brush that off your shoulders girl :)
he kdkwnd so sweet
We'll be announcing on May 16th :) It will be a surprise for the teacher and students!
where did that come from LOL?
Good morning texts are my favorite 😊
Thank-you to for a great speech at the workshop last week about Grassroots Fundraising and Social Media!
Mixing it up today. Modern Marvels at lunch instead of Price is Right.
Kim:"how do i work this for baking cookies?" Me:"umm..well first thats the dish washer.."
awsome spitfire wheels though
IM GEEKED UP
Decided on the bar name for once I'm rich and can do whatever I want: The Utility Barkeeper.
thank you to for inclusion on this list: /social-media-to-be-giants
If you want top results, you need to do it everyday!
Thanks for tweeting this verse, I sure needed it today!
Need to work on my presentation with 's beard: Twin Beards of Stylish Awesome: The Aesthetics of Manliness
We give out free pizzas with contests and drawings all the time. Gotta be following and keep an eye out to win! :-)
#ItsFunnyHow people think size determines a female's beauty.
Congratz Bubba Watson! How many lefties have one the Master's at Augusta National? Major accomplishment B!
Awww. That's such a sweet promise♥
thumbs down!
I would like to just hang around after a #RomneyRally to see how many people are waiting for a check.
Indiana lost a sports icon today. The voice of the died this morning.
Everytime I hear Drake, I think of my rap escapades with and
Larry, Bro & Curly
You need to change you area from S.A to Miami:) Follow Me!:D
Getting ready for some lunch...maybe a cup of coffee??
I'm peeing right now omfg I'm nervous as if I were them about to perform
I hope Tim Berg cancelled his show in detroit because he realized how ridiculous the idea of having an EDM show in an arena is.
Ruby-Processing, I will comprehend you yet. I so swear it.
I was just wondering what problem changing my Twitter avatar could solve today.
I couldn't agree with you more. I tell it to everyone. 1st ballot HOFer if he retires after 1999, IMO
then movie time
Girls who have an awkward obsession with hello kitty <<< ..I mean how old are you? 4?
Discussing dissent : McGill Reporter
If a zombie were chasing me, I would just bite him first and make him un-undead. Why has nobody thought of this before?
i just feel really uncomfortable right.
thank you it means alot to me ;)
Watching Morning at night.
Did you watch it last night?
God of Carnage rehearsals began yesterday with Greg Wood, Susie Stevens and Julie Czarnecki for Fulton Opera and Walnut St Theatre. AMAZING!
RT : First Trivia Question coming up! Remember to follow to be eligible to win
Woa, I almost forgot that I hate technology
Thank you, Mr. Jobs, for making technology easy for the rest of us to use. You've changed my life. You've changed the world.
Chicago Bears draft Boise State defensive end Shea McClellin
How is life Alex?
Chickfila's breakfast is so fucking good.
that would definitely be a RT lol
your way cute!!!(:
to early to get excited or miserable!!
Markel: "Village A... rat heaven"
It does seem pretty underwhelming, but I don't know what that's about. She used to shine on Friends.
YOU HAVE M&MS?! come to me child
damn, that's one starchy lot!
Tech rehearsal starts tomorrow
Ravens defense op today, wish I'd drafted them instead of steelers
How does May 29 sound for our hiking road trip? That's the day after Memorial Day.
Who wants 2 make love tonight? Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads, & a soft wet tongue!
"I hurt myself dancing last night"
Customer retention has been very strong for us over the past 3 years. Provide great service and they stick with you! Need Help? 866-258-5511
lmao shut up(:
i meant 3. the gnex is so awesome i counted it twice.
INS'T instead of ISN'T.
That used to be me, too. But something happened and I've been at my current co. 10 yrs now! Maybe I like it? ;)
Not a fun moment at all. Hopefully it didn't last long? Were you able to get back to studying for that final?
Accident 279S just b4 Camp Horne exit. Traffic on 79S moving but slow all the way back to at least Wexford.
j/k im sure he will call you soon :P
How's about from now on we only talk about #Rush in terms of that delightful Canadian rock band?
You should come to Milwaukee, once you get past the snow and fat, drunk Packer fans, it's really a nice city.
Gm beautiful x
I prefer your other crowns Princess! Don't be scared. It's gonna be OK!
your very welcome
I thought that was the case, but I wasnt sure...
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
I started w/ middle school ed and 3 minors but decides I didn't want 2 teach n a classroom setting anymore So literary and
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up -Bernard Meltzer
i will. wish you was here to come with /:
It's amazing how quickly 'you bet' has slipped into my vocabulary after two weeks in Milwaukee.
YES! FINALLY! copy me and get it shaved off!
Drove a luxury sedan Mercedes C250 yesterday. What's the point? It's just another fucking car !
these hoots are the originals!
My birthday was great! Thanks for throwing me such an awesome party! ;)
Finished up my lunch with leftover mocha birthday cake and apple pie. Finished up dinner with some French Silk.
Well, no wonder you missed out - of course writing a book trumps watching a TV show. Carry on.
Falling asleep in his arms>>>
oh I see! Ha ha! Do i have to fight this person now?
Thought you could be trusted once again I'm wrong :(
Wait until a Razorback steals his twitter name.
What will it take to help our local soccer players reach the highest rungs in women's soccer? How can you help make it so?
Need a breakfast idea that's delicious and inexpensive? Check out $2 egg sandwiches at the Bakehouse today! All varieties available!
Deval is a raging Queen. It's not out yet but mark my words, it will be.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from all of us at Kennedy’s! Don’t forget to stop by one of our locations if you need any last-minute Guy gifts!
When im in this gym, i aint got NO stress!
funniest thing ever...my bro is in Arkansas and they don't sell Imperial Sugar there. He just called me asking me what is he going to do.
Ha! MT annericefights | Every time sends out their weekly email, I kinda get excited.
Beta testing through the weekend. Grateful.
DNR says limited bull moose hunt this fall; will close 2 NE Minn zones. Says limited season won't affect pop; plenty bulls for those cows.
Take Care. Don't stress about tomorrow; because if you let him, God will take care of you. RT if you believe this.
I love red velvet cake... But it plays with my mind.
Well I have no one I look up to in the Entertainment industry following me either - Eh C'est la vie - All in due time!
Props to the Living Social Beer Fest organizers for providing free ponchos!
4.4.4 is out! Added an option to let auto play continues after clicking an image (finally), and counter bug fix with circular carousel.
"Content downloads and game play should not be affected." It HAS been affected.
I want u 2 no that I will always b there 4 u! We r goin 2 b BFFs 4eva! Luv ya lots have a great birthday! I wish u many more!
Styling Victoria & Tony's engagements today! I love spending my day with couples in love!
thank you ladies! I was happy to be there :)
tommy linn gave me 50 dollars today!
I need one more follower and it's a even 2100!!
A note on tonight's high school football game I attended: Cheerleaders... learn about football. Cheering lost yardage is frowned upon.
LOL! Yes we have to catch up! I've been on twitter since 09.LOL! Happy 4th!
Watching Iron Man 2 with and don't realize he fell asleep until he literally wakes up screaming at the top of his lungs! Haha!
Makeup experts state that you should replace your mascara every 3 months and your foundation every 6. Do you follow this rule?
you need to remind people to follow the money on all the negative ads right to Karl Rove, Dick Army & the Koch Brothers!
Is it me or does VHI put blacks in a bad light?
im sorry and follow your heart
#WaysToGetWomenMad eating off they plate when they preggo
Ability level didn't matter as much as social conversation in encouraging continued play in WOW. So ... more social tweets?
if i wear the sequins i have to go buy new shoes tomorrow. Darn it :)
I waited my whole life to be the man of the hour I really can't lie I was the man when I started I'll be the man when I die
Two more followers until 700!
(CXP) sharply accelerates professional services firms’ capacity to scale and deliver results that business leaders expect.
Ha! Yes. Emails soon!
: you feeling okay? How bad do u not want to be here? Lol
glad to hear I wasn't just imagining it!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technology-Driven Back-Office Improvements That Can Double Laboratory Profitability
Dear 1D haters I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Caravaned w supporters to Linda Vista, San Ysidro & Adams Ave 2day in behalf of 4 mayor of San Diego. Great response!
At this moment I am laying in bed visualizing the various ways I could kill the construction workers upstairs.
dude look at my most recent tumblr post.
I really should be studying for exams and doing the rest of my homework that I might have, but ya know...
Any adult who would repost videos of children fighting or acting foolish needs to get a life. Yes, I'm talking to YOU!
Breakfast at Friendly's today :D
aw thx. I'll be praying for you too!!!
Just finished a marathon of 4 episodes of californication, and the newest 30 rock, office and parks and rec. Pretty good sit if you ask me.
Republican. If you would be willing to help, email me at . We have a very good chance of beating him.
First day of the second session of the High School Composers Workshop. Looks like a talented bunch!
thx! would love to get u all on our site! RT :
they're heaven. There are ones that are vinyl, but these are leather. $52 at Macy's.
You can be a great player at an average program or you can be part of an elite team and become a superstar.
starting the morning at then off to the Ohio Historical Society's library in hopes of a more interesting experience this week.
If this was a normal day, I'd be working right now. So you know what I'm doing? Writing, working.
when did kalua pig start getting called kalua pork?
the problem with g+ is that nobody uses it. it feels like an empty restaurant in there.
This ain't the type of swag that you look at the tag
#MMchat Listening + Engagement = secret sauce of social
Should Clew Heyward be immortalized in Monument Park?
Well, it's wacky Wednesday again!
They play different positions but The Cavs made the right decision
Mom and sister in the kitchen cookin up somethin delicious. Dad and i watchin football. Life could not be any better.
I suck at this tweet shit. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing on here. I'm still hook on Facebook. lol
#brewers wolf throws cookies has to have george catch hi maint lefty
I'll have you know I deal strictly in preserves
that's the problem. The system right or wrong must for order even if we disagree corrections are made. Perfection is rarity
I don't believe in heroism; I know it's easy and I've learned it can be murderous. What interests me is living and dying for what one loves.
"Welcome to my house party! Party!"
What ever happened to the concept of health care reform where ALL participants came to the table as willing participants?
For the CMF Solitude remix I looped phone recordings. Considering using my tape recorder to make real industrial tape loops sometime...
he's teaching music & gardening. Married. Living in east aus. Did u know he was from phila?
The only thing classier than riding to work in an is me riding to work in an
is getting cabin fever from being sick all week
I know the jury is still out, but I can assure you that ninjas were NOT the cause of 9/11.
if you ask for a collab/promo on twitter then i know for sure we can't be friends
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow me back??? No.. Le cry :'(
I think I drank to much hahaha
My circle like a cemetery people die to get in
Based on tweets, it would seem I'd like this #80Plates show. But without cable...or a TV...I won't be watching it live.
GOOD MOOD
Friday is the last day I'll accept anything that isn't the final!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, 'Call to Me and I will answer you, and I will tell you great and mighty things, which you do not...
The Yankees played really good tonight :) I thought they were going to come back and win it! Hope you had fun! :)
Fun week, a new intern joined our team. Congrats to Devin Hays. Mixing a great album and working on the new Killer B's MixHouse website.
Finally! Anyone else following this debate? RT DeRogatis: Pitchfork invites advocates to balance Odd Future.
what a lonely life that must be. :oop:
Thanks for the invite jackwagon.
Volusia County mapping initiative, data, whose got it and how can we share it.
I'm judging the shit out of this slutty book cover.
ugh done with the spanish h.w!
Stay thirsty, ma fren.
Thanks for the 411 / link, we are passing it around!
But you hesitatin debatin' whether or not it's real I ain't shootin game, boo, I'm just tellin you how I feel
You said it! MLB.tv is awesome
I think twitter is more addicting than Facebook .at least my readers on Quizazz can know more about my actions than my friends and family :)
Hello from a Red Crosser across the Atlantic in another Mediterranean climate! I look forward to practicing my Spanish.
I just wanted to try something new. Lesson learned. Never had a store-bought smoothie before.
IndyCar Series, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, and Lucas Oil announcing partnership involving Indy 500 & Riley Hosp. 11 a.m. tomorrow.
This is now my 2nd internship in which I've lived through a record heat wave with no A/C. At least I've got internet this time.
came from the bottom wit out a stain on my shirt. bitch
I want to thank everyone who's following me on twitter you guys are awesome
nice! been lookin at their arc too. need to play with the toys I already have though :)
Today consists of editing baby photos & beginning two new wedding design projects!
#ImSingleBecause I jump into a relationship too fast
WHAT HAPPENED TO HUMANS!?!
8:20 break from writing - Kirby teaches Howell how to scoop 7-Layer dip without breaking the chip.
No, no But there were a few Congresswomen there! “: Hello! You were addressing Congress again? #Motorama”
Congratulations on level 60!!!! :)
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment
I need to stop feeling sorry for myself.
In need of some company trying to get live before I go home
Hate to be ageist, but most older activists (boomers) tend not to impress me all that much. This is not Cocoon. This is revolution.
our seniors not being here today..:'( <\3
I pretty much ground my teeth watching your boys handle business on the boards. Once Perkins went down, that was all she wrote.
I feel like I've been cleaning this fucking room all day. And I'm still not done! Shit I need some vodka.
Oh wow, Holtby. Wow!
Im about to take a second run at this Twitter gig, maybe even get Tim going... Whats good in the 'Lo?
It fest time.....Go CUBS!
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
Twitter. Forums. Facebook. Plain ol' email. (so old fashioned, I know)
Do you think #digitizing #classrooms is a good idea?
The dentist wasn't so bad specially since they had bridesmaids playing while they were poking me with needles.
Bootstrapping a new business? Great! But try doing from within an existing business. Not as easy. MD needs resources to grow that!
just came from web 2.0 for newbies...came away w/ 5 new and free sites to use in the classroom!
The body is merely a reflection of our soul. Our soul is a reflection of our spirit. The spirit is a reflection of who we were meant to be.
Happy Holidays from Columbia College!
I see #snow!!! Please stick, please stick, please stick!
awe taannkkkss (: I thought it was kinda clevver cause I put my name austin and cody in it
Today is the day of the spirit of the Lord Jehova! JOEL 3:10!
If #RonPaul walked on water, #FoxNews would report that Dr. Paul can't swim.
I'm watching GA tonight and i swear you're wearing a avenged sevenfold belt buckle, but i could be mistaken. If so \m/
Sometimes we laugh,sometimes we cry
ah ... Awesome!
lol. gonna beat me up tomorrow?
Jason Mraz + A&W root beer = a GOOD day! ;)
Just got high-fived by a library patron for helping him out with a MS Word problerm. You know, I liked that even better than "thanks!"
I bet you are right.
Wanted to thank publicly for helping solve my hacked twitter account problem. Sorry to anyone else that got spammed from me.
I'm just saying you gone be boo loving soon u ain't got not job. Play smart
Ok, I bought coke, hot cheetos, and candy. What am I missing?
TWITTER FRIENDS PLEASE FOLLOW ME IF IM FOLLOWING YOU THANKS
Watching The Bodyguard with my dad. First time I saw it I was 6!! Still love it.
thank you Phil for the beautiful drawing. your generous time and unique talent is truly a gift.
i voted n voted n voted hundreds of times today, follow back??
thank you! I'm happy to be back!
nothing wrong with some funk before catching some Z
what is not to like? You look amazing! :D
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderf ...
"Bubbles & Berries" a smokin-hot cocktail at Ocean Prime...anti-oxidant aspirations(?!)
Words mean nothing. Its actions that are important. Don't speak if you can't do.
My dad just now: "Hey, did you see that Hockey East might be getting UConn?" No Dad, I hadn't. Please tell me more.
This 140-character idea of yours is so crazy, it just might work. I’m in if you’ll have me.
LET'S GO CLIPS!!! Butler is beast and you know it...
RT The thing about a story is if you are not the author, you can only infer the meaning from the details...
A5 As a news consumer I can tell when news orgs just churn content out for the sake of it. I quickly lose interest.
Scientists need to get involved with the dialogue. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
Class is real chill today
love u too
Chilling at home
If you believe in telekenesis, raise my hand.
in the lab my nig wit ...fina make a
woo i should get mine out and we can have a race! :) love you .xx
and Harvey McKnight -- many thanks for your support !
i do the wrong things for the right reasons
maybe in a few years :P.. You never know.. I love Mercedes-Benz
RT : Happy Monday! We are OPEN, so come explore!
Getting Adobe Hypatia sans font with my CS5 registration!
I believe in Karma, Mainly because I can do bad things to people I don't like and assume they deserved it .
Please tell me you took the over on this prop bet. I've been hitting it ever since Kyle entered the league.
You should give and a shout out!
I knew that bitch wasn't going..!! I shoulda did what I said I was gonna do..!!
And I'll be paying tuition instead of receiving a paycheck.
I swear this is the dumbest dog ever
☼ In the right light at the right time everything is extraordinary. Aaron Rose
just some word i started saying:)
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool #IWonderIf (insert peers name here) has a big dick???
Why why why the #violence?? RT : Official: 5 of 9 people shot by gunman at IHOP restaurant were Nevada National Guard members.
. actually just said Democrat party. Hey Mutt, it's DEMOCRATIC party.
Not down with the sneaky shit. If your my friend be my friend don't let someone elses hatred for me affect that.
RT "Web experiences are now just mobile experiences." on how the desktop will vanish for many in the coming years.
Going to my Grandpa's later (:
Nice! RT : 30 minutes until #cashmobs is on the Today Show!
Conf leagues are the 1st solution. Custom leagues are the best one, but we can only market things to a certain point ;)
SAM YOU WHORE I miss you
morning sunshine!!
I am back to TWITTER with a vengeance after being ill for a few weeks!!
Could you explain what you mean by that? I think I know what you're getting at but I'm not sure
using will get people to his tweets. (Hi Brian!) still need to register
“: Mitt Romney's kids have gigantic Adam's apples.” and strong chins. It's almost creepy.
It hasn't hit me yet, in 1 week I would be moving out of UG and tally. Damn I remember when I first move in palmetto north.
Peace sir
#ThingsILookFor in a man: smarts, humor, hotness and an incredible ability to be kinky in public with no one knowing.
be nice.
hi guys. been absent from twitter for 3 days. anyone wanna fill me in on things? that'd be great. ;)
Kreider with the wrister... can we say #collegehockey kids come out prepared for big time hockey!!
Hml if u tryna get up this evening, I'm down for the cause!
How do you invest in Gold and Silver investments in the Philippines? brand x :P
you're welcome! HNY!
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
not a laker fan but I can respect that W! Much needed, kobe is a freak.
shannon ,, yu took my idea :)
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 27 — May 3 - New York Times
Sj stands for "oh how I love pasta."
Metta world war just said "ima just go into OKC and rep my good.. Queens bridge you already know" .. Wtf hahahaha
Dressing on the side
Get this: you, me and #drewsmith, all at same Cubs game on Sun. True story. We got tix right before rain delay.
As always: purchase any book on Sunday and get a free cup of coffee and a vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery!
QUESTION OF THE DAY: Who does God say that You are?
| Bad link to view first tv commercial. Also, we emailed you via site & have not had any reply. Can you help?
beautiful sentiment :)
she's followed but u havta mention me plz thx
DM me dude.
Classic, simple and elegant. Very pretty! RT : Who loves Claire Danes in black and white? We do!
Been in my room all day
MT “: cleaning up PBS 2006 inventory of over 132,000 videotapes for sharing with the American Archive
Dude if I don't get a call before 12 I'm seriously going to sleep
Wow God Works in mysterious ways. Just when u think u have it all figured out on your own u find out u couldn't have been more wrong 😊
I hate when I accidentally RT myself.
I need to have chipotle soon cuz i never had it before
Thumbs up and hold! Hold...hold...hold...and...hold. Cut!
Watching 90210 and i hate cheaters
- damn, he was high on my list of potential trade targets.
Yes I just ate a 12 pack of Oreos .....jealous?
Litteralllly . The level of love I have for Sterling Knight is unbelievable .
Whatever creativity is, it is in part a solution to a problem. - Brian Aldiss
“To those devoid of imagination a blank place on the map is a useless waste; to others, the most valuable part.” ― Aldo Leopold
crazy right?
I'm NOT feeling Tony's performance!
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
i hate when people act differently when they are around certain people
Uh oh. Starburst jelly beans are back. This is gonna hurt my workout, I can tell.
Sid is back!!
Thanks so much for the following! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the support !!! Album is dropping around Aug 10th, very excited!!
Finally back on twitter. No longer terribly sick, but I still have laryngitis. I hate not being able to sing >_<
pshh i see how it is lol
yes! Terribly upset! did a great article on it.
needs to host a car show. I know you're a car guy. I just have that feeling
Game 2. Only beat me by 5.
Its not that I don't like you... But if I had a cup of water, and you were on fire , I'd drink the water
He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped
Good seeing you guys on the news last night. Sucked seeing the old Sonic highlights... Especially when OKC is winning games.
I thought that about him too. But he's not afraid of a terrorist attack! He's afraid of a volcano that won't errupt again!
Lying to herself because her liquors top shelf.
dude I know what you mean. Not even a cm like a fucking milicentimeter.
And if you are not following or haven't checked out , you should be!
Hate having to wake up for school
Absolutely! Now just trying to get ready for the holidays.
Someone's late......
Coach Marshall didn't lie when he said this is the best recruiting class he's ever been associated with.
San Diego 30 Atlanta 24 with MVP of Philip Rivers. Time for near miss teams to break thru. And Tebow starting by week 6
Is the Summer Film Series lineup going to be announced this week? I AM DYING OVER HERE. :-)
Day off! The question now is, fun or rest?
timeout on the field as Mike Lookingland is shaken up. :33 left in 2nd with Wave on the powerplay.
Im not sure of how you value sincerety
Even though you dumped me, I hope you are having a dino-mite birthday weekend!
Thanks for the FF.
Happy Valentines Day!
lol, truetrue. I'm so glad I'm not in school anymore. C:
GOOD MORNING PORTLAND & HAPPY FRIDAY!!
Very nice awards dinner at UMUC tonight. Great to see so many librarians get recognized.
it was really fun:) i am going to post some pics later
What up nigga?
Our clothing line partners, is pulling out a limo from
I always assumed Obama and will smith would get along well as friends. And no, it's not because they are both black. But it doesn't hurt
Sorry your Mom has not discovered the joys of the internet. You just keep calling her. cc:
Crying cuz i know is only 2 hours away and i cant see him tonight, i still support you cody! I LOVE YOU CODY ROBERT SIMPSON <3
Looking forward to your article Dr. G!
This is true, it is sort of time consuming. I love thrifting, though, so it's the trade-off of getting clothes for 89 cents!
I forgot Jerry Orbach was in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER!
A full body massage sounds WONDERFUL right now!! M...M...M...
Incredible opening to #AribaLIVE, Bob Calderoni discussing the #networkedeconomy & similar benefits of personal & business commerce networks
I cant wait for this semester to be over!
making a pizza for me and me kids.
": WARNING: Massive amounts of David Williams hate is about to come from my timeline." Bring it there cant be enough hate for him
Hello everyone thank you for welcoming Healthy Hair Products. Please visit today. www.healthyhairbyracheal.com 1800-910-8603
Alumnae say they received concrete benefits from Girl Scouts such as having a safe place to try new things.
I'm excited to see your upcoming Hopemob segment on CNN this morning. Way to go, brother!!
Sorry you lost your game! Stay cool today!
sure, about what?
FREE CA$H CO N BIG D
oh please share his name
Durant playing flag football and Chris Paul on Family Feud. Gotta love the
Thank you! We are too, we cant wait to get in the studio, your gonna love the new songs!
Today feels like a non-stop Breathe Carolina dayy(:
Qwitter... if you only knew how much you mean to me!
Good morning twitterverse!!!!
So much of my degree is explaining why it matters
Say Bro I'm Getting Ready To Make That Happen Damn Shame!
Gotta buy a 1 yr old a birthday gift. I need help. My idea of a sweet universal remote control got shot down. I'm clueless on this matter
been there done that hate that feeling
See u in 2042...your 30th yr in the biz!“:I read your blog...hope one day I can attend NSAC as a judge & inspire students like you!”
Not by looks, bc Lubick much bigger, but John Havlicek...dude made money off of setting picks
Who is coming to TLG/FCCMA 2011 #TLG2011? Check out all the innovative sessions at www.tlgconference.org.
thanks girl love you too!!!
Snow just started here, and it's coming down very heavily! 2 min and the grass is white already
Least is happy to see me...
- luvin your designs online, do you have a store on Melrose too?
All done serving papers today. I have a stack to do in dayton ohio tomorrow
Thx! RT: just want to tell you how much i enjoy your tweets re: internal branding/employee comms. Always insightful.
Taking a break from Skyrim to relive my trip to Istanbul in AssCreed Revelations. Amazing city, can't wait to go back.
At the NBCU sales meeting did great!! Can't wait for his new show!
You and me both. Was told the official picture will be available in about a month.
haha I like your hair hahah I'm weird
my homie & my best friend 
totes ma goats!! :)
I escape one way or another. No more walls." — Anaïs Nin...Powerful!
Ah food coma
Pop Punk (Until the Day I Die).
follow her <3
Good for me as a professional, risky for me as a consumer? RT : By 2020, 80% of all media will be digital
Yeah. "Accidentally."
I love Greek food
Thanks for that feedback. We're working hard to improve our experience and make things fast, smart & easy.
Birthday greets from my NY/East Coast & SFO/ West coast Fam.. Aww! That is so sweet!! Thank you, Thank you!!! I miss you all especially NY🗽
#Thingsbabymamassay WHO THE FUCK IS THIS BITCH!!?? {WHO?} THE BITCH PICTURE YOU JUST LIKED!!!
Oh definitely. To me, it means not hurting anyone and helping others when I can.
Aww, I was just gonna say that sounded almost David Lynchian.
Can't wait for the weekend. Maybe kennywood w Bailey Saturday!!
T4: Hospitals' use of Pinterest seems to be a good way of providing good info... BC it lives in Pinterest, not on their website.
idle hands imperil ipa now pouring.
owww that's cool
yup!!! Crazy it's at 10am for me
THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR 4 BULLSHIT REASONS!!!! I AIN'T TRIP W/ NOBODY!!!! WTF????
Got some cute cute stuff for my new bathrooms tonight! Getting so excited!
Hope this is a great weekend for you !
my grandma just offered me beer
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne. ~Robert Burns 1788
Would love to connect at #ctia and chat if you are available. Please DM me, Thx!
Life will sometimes hand you a raw deal don't take it to heart learn from it
Don't miss Tuesday night's webcast, profiting from Social Networking online! register at http:// www.Bonamour.com
Chicago got a steal with that 4 year deal for Michael Bush if you ask me!
. 's ads for #googlechrome are like free advertising for Apple.
We start gathering at 11:00 AM on the Capitol Steps.
dear lung, I hate you. especially when you prevent me from breathing....on a 3 day weekend. sincerely, breathless
Auditions for Arizona Jewish Theatre, Actors Theatre of Phx., and Childsplay to be listed on Durantcom.com
Someone got my debit card number and wipes my account out! I have zero balance.
#ColdKickinItLive “: Romney supporters at SC HQ, putting on a happy face, just did The Wave. Governor expected momentarily.”
It's fantasy; another world... Gruesome, lots of intrigue.... :-)
Kincade be pump faking too much bro lol
ill send you both one when I finish feeding my cousins! :)
I've even had to retweet the spurs stat man about lennon!! Downing is fucking awful!!
ahah trust me there are xD
Question from a reader: Will the McDonald's reopen at another part of the airport or is it gone for now?
screw her
: you need to stay there, as my biannual Boston drinking partner :)
”Being witty is like push-ups or jogging. If you work at it hard enough, you improve.”
Your talking to a stranger im not that girl anymore. ♥
Happy B-Day Orson! enjoy your day.
Lol poor you.
it's alright. I understand. Hey! (with Keller Williams) is going to call you about a mortgage for one of her clients.
enjoying your tweet links! Do you travel to all these countries?
Not trying to start this week just yet...
have u worn all those clothes?
Registration is $75 per attendee, a portion of which is a tax-deductible donation to the George Mason University Foundation.
thanks for following God Bless
I'm down.
RT : RT : Jessie J: It's not about the money money money. Mr. Krabs: Da F*CK you just say?
Getting ready for the start of
My TL is full of 's battle with Comcast
It just keeps getting better & better. (:
Btw gotta shout out to my basketball team for their win! So nice being a proud
U NEED TO BE DOING YO WORK!!
Your short without heels on!!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
Anyone in Philly want to get a drink later?
Lol, this might be a bad time to mention that I don't drink
Did you know there are still units left for Fall 2012 in Historic Florence Court? Call 612-703-RENT
Time Efficiency Tip #1. When your computer is slow, don't go to your social media sites. Just wait or buy a new computer.
Yeah but it wont be bad.
Sweet! We talk about something new each week. All are welcome!
RT when you going ..if I do go around 5
ok I'm eating dinner then showering then calling you...you gonna be up?
Booth #1 has everything you'll ever need at #FakeDevLearn (probably cuz we have 2 vendors sharing the same booth)
r u Typin in tha New Password?
U are a real tough guy beating up on a woman. I hope you sit in prison and get your ass kicked a few times punk.
Where is Zack? are you okay? I'm so sorry about everything. You were better in my book.
he got that whole spot tatted w/ cartoons and differnt shit
You're welcome, I don't worry I don't take anything personally, lol.
Is there a Pandora for road runner cartoons yet?
AH! We still have 5 minutes... come on guys!
All that I know is At An end!l
Forget your heart it's your bank I wanna break, it's just your money I'm after baby.
MT : 6 of us old-timers went 2Post-office to-day. Postmaster Yost had no beer, so we made a motion to adjourn in disgust.IN1873
The AC, which provides tax breaks to small employers if they offer HC coverage for their workers, might slow that trend.
I love when the person on grill messes up an order, so I get free food(:
U should know I just won the Heisman & Natty Champ w/ u on NCAA '10 (Xbox) Expect these results 2 be repeated in reality.
It is as much the duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it is .. between private individuals.
Happy Birthday ! May your Servatti's never run out of buttercream frosted yellow cake. Enjoy this beautiful weather.
damn, guy on the elevator. you were adorable.
Stick with it--- you can do it! :) #HCG #weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
One of our medicated Oatmeal White Chocolate cookies will get you ready for your day! #cannabis Remember to vote today on Measure M!
I could care less who wins Super Bowl XLVI but my prediction is Patriots by 7! #LAneedsprofootball! :/
VDO Promote Advertising Division.
So you're saying there's a chance???
Learn what really works in Sales & Marketing. Speaker at the Sales & Marketing Luncheon on March 21st is Voss Graham . Mark your calendar.
thanks, tho I feel like its sub-par :/, idk wat to do to make it better. any ideas?
I am such a music snob.
#Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs,
Other people often buy pain medication to ease neck pains, however, medicating is not enough. You need to know its root cause first!
Actually looks like Wisconsin in February!
Only 364 more days to see if will tweet me for my birthday.
good mid morning
Herman Cain: "Gotta catch 'em all!"
and should be twitter bugs together
Lakers ALL DAY :)
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. Franklin Roosevelt
Sounds like fun
FORTUNE COOKIE FORTUNES, THANKING THE MOON, LISSY'S FRIENDS by Grace Lin. Looking forward to visit in March!
Tonight!!! Take the giants/ jets OVER
maaannn.....im fanna get on myspace.
imah call or txt her later
This season of #BehindTheMusic has been real good. Maybe it's just the fact they're doing artist who changed the game. *Shrugs*
OMG! you made my day! Thanks so much for following me!! :')
lol those rock my world. I'll send the recipe. :)
games r won and lost at the FT line RT : Like my coach always said, free throws win games. Are you listening MU?
I just went on ahead and stayed at the Dale, but yeah whenever you get some guap come smoke wit da kid
What a Monday! Look at all these sexy & smart followers Thx
A5: they'd need to shut down the internet. fans want to track mult games at once vs. watching a game...reminds of Fantasy Football.
Seminar for NY Actors seeking commercial work. 8/10 @ 7PM. $30. Email for more info.
Kind of blue by miles Davis never fails me with its genius
sure. Great you?
I asked about you!!! Wish u where here too!!!
: Did that guy just use the "some of his family's best friends" trope to justify their bigotry? Biblers can't have it both ways.
I would but I'm gonna be having an intense one on later. Workin on stuff now. how you doin?
But the amount and speed of muscle build-up will be determined by nutrition
Now corruption!
good morning (:
bruh i gain followers then loose them. Wad up with dis thoo??
It was so cute even tho I don't have any child of my own
Happy Mothers day :-)
I think that's Karma for not seeing me while you were in the Springs.
"Never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend"
sounds like your missing a pretty good Preds-Bruins game it's tied at 1 at 2nd intermission
work work and more work roll on 5 pm
sobriety?? I back it...keep up the good work youngblood.
So Exited!! <3
Happy Thanksgiving and best wishes!
Thank you.
Wish you the best of luck i believe today was the last day to vote for NYX! i hope you make the next round! much love!
Google is not the only source for online mapping! OpenLayers is an open source alternative that supports other stuff.
both are awesome!
out with me! That can cause a big ass drama! Omg
Awhh!! I love youu too cousin! :)
#Praying for Shelby hiser
had turn off the tv hahahha , is ridiculous :s
FRIDAY NIGHT! Opening reception of "The Dream Got Control" - the works of Ric Stultz! 6pm - 9pm! snacks/drinks/music! COME ON DOWN!! :D
The majority of materials have been acquired. Today's work is accomplished. Now to sleep.
Less is more; Bauhaus, Chicago School; form follows function. Modern architect, Mies van der Rohe, b. 27 March 1886.
come to campus ridge i need goods
it would be prerecorded, obviously. You could just call it "that guy"
#YouKnowYouAtClark when the hallway decorations look badass & awesome.
Oh... our website is: www.microventuresupport.org Go to the right side down towards the bottom and download our auto running slideshow.
they see me mowin my front yard.
Sick as fuck.. Sore as fuck.. Ima try to sleep.. Someone please come shoot me in the face..
More great Janda & daring film for the time - alas, Man of Iron, too topical, too rushed, too much message
how do these rap groups get paid for show..indiv prices..or one Fee Split equally?
Often the letter-writers (fans, sycophants, friends of friends) mean to be polite, too. Then they fail.
I was definately thinking of #cincodewempen on Saturday!
Can't wait
who knows? Time Warner Cable guy went to look in alley 30 minutes ago & has not returned. Glad I am using my day off for this.
Concert was AMAZING last night. I had an absolute blast =)
The bulls gotta be cursed. Smh get well soon d. Rose.
lmao you'll be surprised what one souks say in the heat of an argument
Why do I think I should eat a pastry with my coffee just because I'm a #SaturdayLibrarian? It's not like I burn more calories on Saturday.
Check out this Autogra
I like wen fine girls dnt speak.... Them be the bitches that fucc yu over anyways...
For 2012, I am thinking that I may not set any long term goals for the year, but smaller shorter term goals throughout the year.
Yup weren't down by 29 this game. Let's see how the next goes. Hopefully we take it.
RT Banning is not the answer. New technologies help students learn.
how u know he ain't followin u
i keep pushing people away and i really need someone right now.
Why Automating Social Media Marketing Could Hurt ... - Deon Designs
is out of town for work, so I'm left alone to relax.
hehe-you're going to be really thrilled then when I launch the downloads! :D That paper was an awesome buy
Yes. Yes, they will mind…and the TSA might ask some questions too!
My dad would ask me to go up to Crown Point tonight, my busiest day of the week.
exactly!! Right? I feel like all my friends from the last 10 years are dying!
I'm leaning towards that too, but where do you get punched? I think it matters
hello from upstate NY...
his hairline tho you know lebron is happy
Brock hits a grounder to the right side BASE HIT! Yount scores, Braggs to 2nd and it's 4-0 Brewers in the 2nd!
#musesocial gets a shout out at #aam2012!
OH and on white bread, with a huge glass of chocolate milk. ;)
little violent there....
lmao @ your last tweet. She never ever says anything at all!
Hello drama lama. LOL
Yes just in time for happy hour at #biglous (; awesommmmeeee!!!
EIGHT PRESIDENTS were born British subjects: Washington, J. Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, J. Q. Adams, Jackson, and W. Harrison.
Be a best friend tell the truth and over use I love you go to work and do your best and love like crazyy
back in ny. love! on a bus...almost off the bus...
I like telling people to Boogle it, best of both worlds ;-)
Working on a script-Therapeutic-on this rainy ass day. Let's hope that it actually is what it's titled.
Audition done. Now time to hopefully make some money.
Ooh, definitely a recipe for disaster. Windshields can be replaced. Stay safe!
The worst pitching staff in baseball strikes again. 6-5 Royals.
Orange is an awesome color! :) Enjoy the game!
Sadly far too true! They've sold to Clear Channel pending FCC approval
Lol RT LOLL RT : Andrew Bynum looks like he pees between parked cars
Current students! A recording of "Advice from Recent LIS Professionals" is available in the LIS Support module in Learn@ UW! Thoughts?
RT if Justin's ass is better than yours.
Finally done with work. Time to go home and count down the hours until the weekend!
I'm way too happy to b #home. Much needed break.
Studying on Spring Break...
don't tweet at me while you're boning dude! It's gross!
Lots of cool ideas coming out of the #nycsw feed too!
Really glad to be off Facebook. Wtf do I really need to know what someone is having for dinner? Good God!
Mills--I became a stripper to see what was most horrifying to me. I got fired from stripping for wearing a Wobbly shirt!
Um yeahh..... its really kinda wierd when you walk past some chick at orintation and shes sucking on a tube of chapstick...uh
send your flyer or album cover to and we will post your banner on EMP Urban Music
bro, he is legend. One of a kind brilliant, brutal, honest
how dare you not post any pics of ur NEW puppy!! we all wanna see him !
Killed it in NYC this weekend but
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters. I laughed.
Last night, at this very moment, it was snowing in Madison, Wisconsin. Okay, the ground was too warm for anything to stick, but still.
SE corner of Amber & Bellmore. L&I was there when I took the photo on Wed. It's been there a long time!
Hey man, I make pretty good intsrumentals. There not the reg, but its great hiphop. Check them out if you have time. -Con
WOW Nick! I would like my body to be the female version of yours.:-) Takes so much discipline!
Happiness is being re-pinned by 20 strangers ;-)
If you become the mayor of American Beverage, can you give yourself a day off?
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
And that's a fair concern, absolutely.
Solid 4-0 win over comets!
you don't have to lie to make friends (;
Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record. I bet their phones were ringing off the hook.
Back to business
was amazing yesterday in Denver!!!! Thank you for coming to Denver guys
wow u need some taking care of huh got 3some on ya mind in da mid of day
RT It's hard acting like we don't know eachother anymore.
Always depressing to watch a bunch of old men making stupid decisions in a vacuum where no one dares tell them they are wrong.
My puppy just ate the rabbit's foot gave me. #angrybestfriendtweet 😡
Forget plush spider toys. I've decided on a mechanical blue spider made from Legos. Will send parts + instructions to clients.
Pretty much. I still haven't experienced it.
u can always combine them and have a guy dress like magneto or wolverine
Haven't even start with my homework,it's a lot.
FUN FACT: In 1471, like Luther, St. Drunken hammered his own 95 Theses on the door of a closed Denny's demanding they stay open past 2am.
Terrific job done by RHiggins_TBSC, his team and the city of Tampa for hosting an outstanding #FrozenFour. Thanks for making it special.
Phil Hughes continues to struggle... Orioles lead 3-1 over Yankees in the 3rd inning.
coffee is brewing and getting ready to study for one of my math class exams for a few hours.
