More money, more problems! Smh!
you guys are precious. Buddha. It's what's for dinner.
you know it!
HAHA! make my+one time: WHAT!!
"Thou shalt not mess with women's reproductive rights." ~ Fallopians 4:28
Frank Vogel named Eastern Conference coach of the month.
where you at?
Ready to party lol
Hilarious show tonight. Never thought I would see you live in your manderwears!
Maybe #Wedbush analyst #Pachter is sour grape'ing because they were not selected as underwriters for
Fat Cats, Prosperity, Lava, Fig. RT Need ideas for a late-nite dinner tonite (after 9). Not a "usual" place. Suggestions?
The key to successful #leadership today is influence, not authority.-
please tell us you're not trying to drive south on 95 on Good Friday?
You spotted the difference between Akron and Greenfield right there.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age. - Amos Bronson Alcott
DC sports teams are fucking stupid. Fuck them all. God i hate my teams.
I'm not I'm not
soft elbow to the gut next time, I'm just sayin' ;)
Happy new year! Here's to a fab 2012!!
-__- the spelling in the text I just read was horrible
Yes he did he was 43 years old
Okay, Drupal. You win. I'm looking at your PHP. And editing it.
Ok - I have Bejeweled for the iPhone to give away - First person who wants it gets it - U.S. only
Lookin' at my Gucci it's about that time.. to pour a Rum N Coke and get a good buzz on..!!
Hooray! I had a really great time with the last #IndieBookBlowout!
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Vincent Peale
Does anywhere in Atlanta have converse crib shoes?
That said, our server resources limit us to english and english net-lingo for now, but we are built to scale to more in time.
RT : So , tomorrow's friday. I must say I'm happy!
The wind smoked most of it for me. Just glad I didn't catch my hair on fire - It swirls like crazy behind our building!
What's the deal with 's "" link? It's been "taking a while" for at least an hour. Twitter semi-outage?
A showdown is not a debate. This isn't the OK Corral. The stakes are too high. Do it right and let the truth come out.
exactly! Like, how am I supposed to pick just one guy?
Change is one thing. Accepting it into your life is a whole other. Pay attention and you will always be prepared!
What's that ONE dish you just GOT to have at #Thanksgiving?
"It is not about where you come from, it us about where you are going"
First Snowe now Hillary, 2013 where have all the Lady Heros gone? Women need women to look up to and admire in gov't and politics.
We're about to give Reno a taste of how we get down in the PHX! Set starts.. now!
Man I miss my bestfriend 😔
Devonte gone get f'd up forreal
#TerrificTuesday love u guys!!!
I just looked at Luke Bryan isn't going to Darien Lake with Jason but he is going to the State Fair in Syacuse!!!!
Having fun collabin with as many Denver Rappers and Producers as I can, Aurora too for my A-Ko homies what up!
May Saloun Live As Long As Georgetown And May Georgetown Live Forever.
Chris is hot. I mean he's really really REALLY hot! Awww yeah
#ICantRespectYouIf you talk trash on
oh cool.. Now that the site is working now I'll be buying one :)
Our beer brunch is this Sunday from 11am-1pm! The folks from 103.7 will be there. Hope to see you, !
are you at your show tonight?
Then afterwards he marries Princess Jasmine and moves to the Epcot Center
Seeing me friends go through this is really heart breaking!! Why must the good always die young?!?!
I feel so bad for him. RT One positive for J. Vilma: He got $1 million upfront from Saints when he restructured in March.
i <3 u Munro !! xDD will u follow me on here? (:
Happy Easter to u too
Early Monday morning getting paid like Friday!!
Can you do me a favor and pray I get a job at one of the million places I've applied at :-(
Umm we're not indie, we're awk-rock.
will be playing a set in our dining room at 11pm tonight! Spread the word.
": Memory has officially been refreshed on what it feels like to miss again."
I SEE I SEE
RT if music is the closest reiteration for this
It certainly is.
5 steps forward... But then 3 steps back. Damn it
We need social media skunk works to make large, post secondary institutions incubators of inquiry, scholarship & research
lol oh I never tweeted that! Ur retarded. A horrible friend!
ayo keep the sweet tea but pass the red hots
I can't wait to move in! No really.. I just might die of anticipation.
Hot shower followed by the #bachelor and a Cadbury egg.
missing your voice in #KeyWest!
Our sales and marketing committee is meeting at Staybridge Suites tonight! We love having meetings next to the river!
When does your new video come out?
Kindness is the act or the state of being kind, being marked by good and charitable behavior, pleasant disposition, and concern for others.
Mimosas: The best way to brunch! See you this weekend.
you light up my life
I just can't get enough
I am good. :) Busy times. How are you?!
317-979-3229 New Phone Text me with name.
Definitely going to be watching the Floyd Mayweather vs. Miguel Cotto fight tonight
How interesting that when we now see the name O'Donnell we think Christine not Rosie.
DUDE I'm WATCHING THAT RIGHT NOW.
Follow on twitter
#ThatMomentWhen You Realize You Talk In Slang Too Much To The Point You Can't Tell If Your Talking Proper Or Ghetto
Boom. Shalacka. Boom. Boom.
If we convince Jack Hannahan that every day is opening day he'd be a hall of famer.
Love the ping pong table outside
Everyone follow
uhm..of course!
i did mention tomorrows opem house from 5-8pm w/ balsamic & olive oil tasting is FREE right?! Plus happy hour specials all night!
You are very welcome!! :)
if you want get out there fast. I had a slice & plan to chip away at the whole sheet now...
Johnny Appleseed went throughout America, spreading apple seeds so that others could cook apples and make cider. Here's to you, Johnny!
The show Happy Endings makes me laugh out loud! So smart and funny!
South Laurel's Matt St. John and Knox Central's Cody Miller to sign with Union College
I would trade in our couch for an upright piano if one was easily accessible. I'd trade our bed for a grand piano. Just sayin. -C
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
#UHmbb Director of Basketball Operations Kerry Rup has left the program to become an assistant with
EXTREMELY dissatisfied with the Marriott.
Also why is Obama for America following me?? Have they never read any of my tweets??
initially the leader and then the whole group
yikes. I saw that too and did it without thinking about it too much. Disaster waiting to happen?
Dagmar, thank you for the follow as well! Looking forward to sharing your tweets!
we all n dis crazy world
Our client services tweeps:
!!!! Good job, Chris Davis!
fuck the.......mercedes....hahahahxaxxxaxax how mach people like BMW ????
christ, this show is scheduled to last until 11:30?
Stuck out of town w flight problems :( RT w/ Community Partners! #ideas for #CIW2012 w amazing ppl in
Order sent to Nirmalani in CA!
All SportFight XXVIII: Boiling Point Fighters to Step on the Scales tomorrow, July 9 at Grand Central Bowl at 7p. Open to the Public!
The only way to have a friend is to be one
Do you see like love you ?
GREEN LANTERN's "For Your Consideration" aspirations are making me laugh so hard I might have an aneurysm.
RT Yes! And Dads aren't always Fathers! Happy sperm donor day!!
Damn. The only reason the #east is down is because #Jeremylin is not playing. All we do is #Lin #Lin #Lin #Asians we are good at most things
Perfect weather in Mason this weekend, you say? Well then why not!?
I SWEAR I HAVE BAD LUCK SOMETIMES!!!!
Last night was
Done! 😊😄 *does happy finger dance*
is it an ongoing problem? It sometimes happens to me, but then the next day it will be fine. search is fussy sometimes.
with his dick of course lol
I'm out of this state as son as I turn 18. (:<
Follow Me On Twitter Please!!!!!!! I Need More Followers lol =3
My first words "Thank you Jesus I love you"
so you plan on hitting up that presser at Radio City tomorrow?
Thanks, and the same to you! RT May you have good writing days in the coming year!
Feelings of knowing r profound moments where we know the answer. Just need time to think.
Glad you enjoyed Sabrina's #TIBessay! RT: Loved the story on Saturday from the Waitress in Chi-town
As long as you aren't taking flash photos from the front row, you should be fine.
Fear Of Missing Out.
Go follow if you don't follow her then delete ur twitter so go follow her she follows back!!!!! GO!!
Mani, pedi, massage, Costco .... Does it get any better??? :)
Thinking about being more active on Twitter...stay tuned.
you just had to say something negative about FWP, didn't you?
wing-bro! Thats what im talking talkinn about!
#shoutout to danny for bringing me a mcgrittle
Wise man once said nothing at all
that is freakin hilarious!!! I think the same thing every time I see him!!!
I AM #MINDLESSandPROUD of it!!!!!!
i got all of them expect for the BIG BANG! but i got the bounty out on those
Roger taking LSD: that one took me by surprise. #MadMen Seems to have done him a world of good!
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." Quote from movie "The International
Judge Nash, President Monica Garcia speaking now for fixing LA curfew law: "the ultimate goal is school attendance"
Just had a chance to view the Brian Mcknight video everyone's been tweeting about all day
Follow along with what's happening at the Museums and the Web conference through April 14th with the hashtag
#youknowyouvestudiedtoomuchwhen The piece of bread your eating reminds you of a penile deformity.
just noticed how horrible Dairy Queen is.
thank you for following us! Have you tried selling some of your paintings on Antengo?
I'm playing at The Ritz Carlton today 12-2:30 Orlando Florida
What the hell kind of defending was that
Congratulations Ohio on your big win tonight!
I AGREE. RT : ALL CAPS FOR THE REST OF THE DAY BECAUSE THIS IS GREAT NEWS
Ironic? I think so. RT Happy Blue Monday everyone!
Massachusetts- the birthplace of the revolution and freedom from oppression now proudly banning the pledge and bottled water.
You are awesome!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning can't wait to eat some more after I get done with this..
but can it play shortstop? But seriously, is it making him a better pitcher?
Remember to read something positive in morning and something positive at night. daryldorsey.com
True game love is very important for Community Managers says , answering tweets trumps watching boardwalk empire on Sunday
looking forward 2 running for Assembly too? Sounds like a great deal you cut w everyone to run! Go Lorena 2013
LITERALLY TV MAGIC!
I'm just glad I don't have to listen to Bob Davis on the call. To him, a layup is like a made half court shot.
hungry for hunger games???
Girls who can't talk to anyone else because their in love with someone<<
They play in 13 hours, so shut up.
whatever you were talking about seemed serious...do ur thing ma'am..lol
Thanks for the great presentation!
I'm done spending my money to keep learning HOW TO DO IT. From now on I'm spending my money DOING IT!!!
#ireallywant to be known for something amazing. #ireallywant to make my parents proud.
Great win for the Chicago Fire!!! Is wish I was there tonight.
I wonder if Snoop Dogg will follow me back? Sitting here rolling up some Pineapple Kush for good luck! ;)
"MT" means I modified your tweet. (so it would fit with my comment in the 140 char limit)
it's like you haven't changed!
I'm constantly givin givin givin..... But when do I receive. Fukks me up the most when ppl dnt say thank u or even appreciate wat u do
ok now I am. I did it wrong. Using a new app lol
Yeah! MT University School's Josh Baker struck out 11 in a 5-inning no-hitter vs. St. John's. Also was 3-3 w/ HR
Had another scare with the fxcking Bug today. It wasn't reading my car key and shutting off the engine. I hate you VW.
SO #watchlist last night was a Doc/Faux Doc movie called S&Man (read Sandman) I actually liked it and learned a bit about fetish horror. :)
lol. Just kidding.
Finally made it home safe and sound 😊👍
the Sea Port Marina Hotel Grounds in Long Beach, Saturday May 12th, at 10pm, the tickets is 16
I'M SO EXCITED FOR BRAVE!!!! Sorry...I'm yelling... But Merida is just PERFECTION
Having to make this slide show was boring until i started adding pictures of my team <3
what's the difference between Type of MSA and Within MSA on the geography filter options of AFF2?
Watching Captain America: The First Avenger then tomorrow The Avengers!
I'm not an expert like, so the women have said. Rock and roll.
Who's going to Pridefest Sunday?! We are! Look for the Stinky Hummer in the parade!!!
Which ones of you ballers will be at Three 6 and Girl Talk tonight?
so you wildin?
amen man. Great reporting throughout. Looking fwd to you finally reporting on trade & FA signings one again!
Oh my gosh. I love so much. 😂
Hey I just met you. And this is crazy ! But here's my number, so call me maybe <3
What flavor outside do you use? That sounds awesome!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games tonight just register to view all the links and enjoy
RT : RT Just remember that we can't talk to Iran but we can talk, trade, gladhand with super repressive China.
tell Dort Happy Mothers Day!!
John Irving (this week) Have I missed any other mom ideas?
be nice (grabs arm!!) lol
I don't doubt it in the least. But is that covered in the course? Maybe a separate course?
50 Awesome Must See Business Card Designs via
your brother sleeps on my couch, wanna make babies? #anybetter ?
My 2 month is actually this Saturday...oh....
What we need Rep Mike Kelly (R-PA) is you to shut up and quit using your political position to gain advantages for your benefit. No morals
Stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday. #1 Options advisory service in America. Up +83.3%! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
' He not going no where tho :)
hahaha! Always a bright side to everything.
she needs to get off that shit shes on, & stfu >.<
goodmorning, heard you last night. Do you sing in English?
That annoying moment when is tweeting everyone but you. But I just want to be noticed in any way :)
Check Out The Full List Of 2012 MTV Movie Awards Nominees + VOTE NOW!
Thank God Wolf has a personal catcher so that we can sit our hottest hitter on the bench all night!
I am surprised you know what twitter is, seeing as you are old as shit
very nice...any zoos hiring security down there?? Lol
Aww man! Never mind. Not enough room for it :(
lol...i know girl. My legs and arms are colors i have never seen.
Dang my neighbor is hot.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I want travel and always think about a perfect trip, but i never take action.
Loving Qik for the iphone, seems to make the phone overheat though
Great end to a work wk at #NEABrookings ytd & #artsmgtchat today. Can't wait to go to tonight!
I like business ideas! Let me know what's up or shoot me an email with your ideas.
Just arrived at the Flamenco Festival in ABQ going to hurry and try to get to workshop asap!
Pretty good birthday (:
Just crushed a hot chocolate from caribou. Hello 5000 grams of sugar - goodbye feelings of crabbiness and annoyance!
About to go eat this chocolate body icing, peace kids.
Driving home from the cape. Wish I didn't have another gig tomorrow. My little singing voice is tuckered out
thanks man
Great night talking coaching philosophy with & Thanks fellas! Enjoyed catching up with y'all!
7-Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad, nom nom RT : Did you have lunch at Longhorn today? thought I saw you! I work there:)
Paul Allen's new memoir on starting Microsoft with Bill Gates is summarized in a lenghty digets in Vanity Fair. It certainly presents a bi…
Huge life support finally thrown from ECB to Europe's banks, & sovereigns - but this scene in the US still left the big banks on the ropes
#GirlsLoveWhen their boyfriends kiss them on the forehead; Because it means "i'll love you forever." (: <3
We turning up tonight!!!
Love the #SDSU holiday video from
No hot water :(
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
Will Ogando revenge his last loss today?? I think so! Lots of value in TEX -135
almost 3million followers on twitter! I'm proud, but it lessens my chance of u noticing my tweets. Oh well I wont give up <3
that is literally the saddest thing i have ever heard. what? no more mini doughnuts? this is an outrage
#Leo winners will hold the limelight like no other, they are born to shine and will dominate the competition as James Cameron did w Titanic
Crew moves to the escape pod...some damage repaired, some new damage...
Cheers to that! Hope you're having a good Friday night & have a great weekend!
what did you do?
#Mondays can suck my dick.
Found a $20 bill neatly folded on the floor next to our booth, here in Ft. Wayne. A sure sign of wonderful things to come.
I finished it already! Whew was it a creative surprise!
don't hate on #baseball! Year of the bucs!
Be careful out there Milwaukee! It's going to be winter this afternoon
can u plaese fallow me back pleasee :)
Life is as beautiful, wonderful, and exciting as you see it to be. Happiness is a choice, it's a way of life #Happiness :-)
Nobody wants to be pale for the weekend..come on now people. get a
Lol hope you had pretty undies on!
you should call me back on skype
#that1friendthat you wanna f%^#
Aww thanks so much!! and for the awesome
If that's yo hoe, that's my hoe too!!
so i drive home alone, as i turn off the light i put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight.
So Mayor Payne thinks he can use his shady electoral process to preside over Team Rockstar. We'll see about that.
Can't fight fate...
In regards to my book deadline this week, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. But it's gonna get dark first. Real dark.
Getting the boys together for a practice to prep for our first show on 12/28!
"HAHA YOU FAILED!" "Yeah, so did your dad's condom, bitch"
epic it shall be!
Done, with at least an hour to spare. I've had enough uklele for a very long while.
wow! Congratulations. That's so cool.
it cracks me up that folks are writing pieces now saying "something's going on in NYC" as if it's breaking news... :)
writing frantically, but otherwise all is well. I'm glad you got the card :) See you soon!
We're flying across the border from California to Arizona.
why would I want attention? relax mate,
Why does show me a login screen on my iPad that's fit for a Blackberry circa 2006?
thanks u. Appreciate the follow. More to come.
answer my text !
Playing NBA jam since there's no basketball. Sigh.
its ok
Two went to the backstop during warmups. We're at 90 now.
Glad we got to see you :) Hope you had a good time!
Probably reactivate my twitter soon
Almost time for REAL #Cubs baseball! Can't wait!
Best way to stop an argument is to ignore , say ok, and walk out, no point in continuing
Deals put US Origin games back on agenda: A State of Origin match was played at Long Beach, California, in 1987. Grand Prix Rugby cha...
RT : Closing thought: Lecturing is a learned art - we need to teach people to do it so its not abused
I use Frametastic on Instagram, it works pretty well too.
hi denver dont forget picosos mexican food is having a lowrider show May 22 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for details
Martinez submits Mitchell at :19 of the 2nd round (Guillotine) New Heavyweight Champion.
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Amanda Fritz and Mary Nolan will have a runoff for PDX City Council. No winner.
yup, so the mail vlog video should be uploaded soon :)
who's walk up songs were those?
GOOD LUCK TONIGHT!!! LOVE YOU! <3 follow me?
just applied myself for a competition ..the winner gets a triüp to a international school in new york for 2 weeks!!! I NEED TO WIN!! :(
93 % of patients say their dentist does not provide oral cancer exams; insist on this simple exam. Get well, stay well. www.closys.com
When they play this song, I'll be thinkin of shavin~
That's unfortunate, but what I figured. Oh well.
Whenever I get back from Portland I buy a flight to Portland, it's kind of sick
Sex,Lies,and Money
I don't really like swizz beatz that much but if you haven't heard "street knock" check that NOW, A$AP is on it & he kills it
how bad is the episode??? Lol
For 1 more game. RT : The Score pushed ten minutes so can talk about the Bulls more. I think that's basketball.
Take a deep breath, pray for courage and start pushing that boulder.
I miss my ride or die .. Come bak into my life !
Good afternoon.
Don't drink the green beer! It's leprechaun pee!
just remembered a jam we're supposed to record... damn we bouta kill em
Great time yesterday. Congrats
Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with shades of deeper meaning.
Van Halen just signed with Interscope records. Rumor has it they are going to announce their new record on Nov. 30th at the Grammy's.
try whole foods
iron man 2 check her out Natalie Rushman <3
in the mean time, Toru Takemitzu blows the mind of the Library's basement workers as they tap the keys, typing pragmatic fanatics
LOL....did you guys see what just happened to eddie murphy
Going on a family bike ride or, as I like to call it, "DUI FAMILY FUN TIME PARADE!".
Have a great day Carol! Hope all is well.
are you a text addict?
Been on a RAMPAGE givin' chicks their "walkin' papers". I know what I offer, but do you? I'm taking NO SHORTS & the bar is raised...meet it!
MT Summary: data (finance, project, research) spurs change. Share stories/tools. Create /data directory on website
Eric going in early this morning LMFAO
RT " im mad you aint have to for get about me like dat lol #happymothersday"
Literature is mostly about making love and not much about having babies. Life's the other way round.
add me on Facebook.
Why are you no longer on facebook?
Like a boss
Is god on my side ornaw ?
I would absolutely love to go a week without being fucked over by someone. It must be nice to be one of the people that has it all..
yeah, the stuff is amazing
do it yourself. I'm not your slave!!!
Absolutely. How many you need?
hes not dead
ASDFGHHJKL I LOVE
absolutely I guess I'm a bit obsessed ;)
I miss you too!!!
students should be used to the crazy weather by now, right ? I'm sure they'll still make #MayFest fun :)
Tomorrow is Glitter Night @ 400 Bar in Mpls @ 9PM! Rebel Queens w/ glam rock cover band Parental Advisory & don't forget your glitter!!!
I love big fat purple nipples on my penis for breakfast.
If you guys need anything while in Toledo next month don't hesitate to hit us up. Looking forward to the show!
Last week, in a midlife something-or-other, i dl'd a bunch of old SkinnyPuppy LPs. Hadnt thought of em in 20yrs. They aged badly.
yesterday was amazing :) I met two cute guys, one have a boyfriend :c and the other one was 15 :( I'm still felling forever alone <//3
It should also be noted that we woke at 11
BALL SO HARD. 808
i could use some help with some applying for gallery space
*Satuday Early Bird SPECIAL* From 9am-2pm buy any bottle of lotion for 50% off!!! Get your TAN ON STANDING UP!!!
how is that today??? The bus is Saturday
No ticket, no TV. What do you do when you're just listening to the radio? Stare at a wall?
im out peeps i got to get ready for a football meting tomorrow
A BIG Thank you to all of our customers who had an opportunity to come out to our sale at the marketplace! I hope you enjoy your products!
Going going....
uw template calls for breadcrumb-like nav to be on page - added a connection to uw mediarel in the about text doing same on mediarel
Cus I pull up and I’m stuntin but I ain’t a stuntman Yes I’m rockin Jordan but I ain’t a jumpman ;x
Now watching Harry's Law!
Thank you luv but she has served her tyme now don't u think? o.O she can get off early on gud behavior ;)
Newest Rivals 2013 rankings: Jabari Parker No. 1, Andrew Harrison No. 2, Julius Randle No. 3, Aaron Harrison No. 5, Chris Walker No. 6
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
one thing i hate da most a nigga playing both sides
Yes! Really, yes! We mean it - save some money with save20!
my TL. hilarious.
You can't hear the world laughing at you, if you are laughing harder. -Bobby Cobb
Why did Ford get rid of those shark fin antennas and go back to the ugly wire metal ones?
lonely tonight
#TeamFollowBack #teamautofollow I got your back!
Only helps me plan my pie eating! RT I love my beautiful produce calendar. It helps me plan my pie baking.
Oh yay .. im mad u dont know how to spell ur own cousin name
We vow to get addictive alertness. Say face yr edges. Face yr when :: we get to be part of their world / anticipation of loss makes us wild
Gotta give credit when credit's due.. was poppin tonite w on the decks. Good job , &
Woman in parking lot, plucking neck and chin hairs, blasting Adele; I don't ever want to be you.
Good morning sunshine! Let's take the energy, momentum & progress from the week to a new level. Head into the weekend even stronger. You in?
It was a blast! Have you been?
I think the first "on" in OnDemand is a bit redundant
So sorry. Does the vet have any advice?
Happy Wednesday! Hope all is well where you are. And to all of the mothers, have a happy and blessed Mother's Day!
omfg thank you for telling me
Guaranteed any song by Drake, I will love it
at least you aren't disappointed, bc you knew better than to expect anything?
"Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after." -Anne Morrow Lindberg
Staff from Mayor Adam's office watching demonstration on steps of City Hall
RIP Dick Clark...a true LEGEND and an amazingly talented man
congrats, boo! I think you deserve a long, fun, phone-free vacation in Austin.
Can't wait to leave Friday
it's still stupid. And where did you hear that? Facebook bought instagram, I haven't seen anything about buying Twitter.
Be sharp & in tune! Be weary and careful of people's old time theories that are still getting them old time results! HCD
Looking for THE BEST CARDIOLOGIST IN SOUTH FLORIDA for a friend. #urgent Pls RT.
Is it a steel toe?! RT : DRose explained that he hasn't been able to bend his toe for three years.
Pei's BOC vs. Foster's HSBC buildings in HK kind of settles the debate in favor of modernism, I'd say.
Dinner time! Organic chicken with taboule!
Art has the suddenness, the audacity, and sometimes the savagery of impolite wit. Caleb Jackson.
Plans for today, my birthday, include large quantities of chocolate and wine.
That conference is usually only held every other year. My guess is this will be a big year for TechEd.
Go make Neopet accounts guys.
In a good mood. But also sad.
I love when people tell me I'm wearing glasses. Why yes, yes I am.
Nah, not mad, why is today different? :) “: It's gonna be great! You're gonna get mad at how developer-centric my perspective is! :)”
A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view
Eminems daughter is so pretty !
I'm going to bed. Goodnight everyone! Thanks for following! More #WhenAustin's tomorrow!
my pleasure <3 such a beautiful think to put your efforts into- hoping to see video clips and photos of the end result
I freakin' love Archer and The League! I never really got into Mad Men. Good stuff?
One day I'd like to jump out of a birthday cake and throw an axe at my arch enemy. Is that too much to ask?
I am officially ungrounded. I think.
Beautiful thunderstorm, sunshine going and all...
Who am I? If you read through my tweets, you will find clues that lead to my identity. But is it worth the trouble?
It's Friday night - time for everyone to post Instagram pics of their alcoholic beverages. ;)
I need to start gettin up early and go on some morning runs
neither one of us is irish. but when we woke up there was soda bread
Try being a WSU Cougar Fan! Hope the dawgs brought their mittens to Pullman. GO COUGS!!!
here's to not giving up first place for the remainder of the season
Giving presentation today, re:Whale Watching! If you're near Memorial Library at UW-Madison - please come! 12-1pm
“: No thank you! ;)”see you next Friday!!
Salute to all my niggas gettin ready to eat dinner
fuck ya life
A year ago I told people the next big thing is and I was right will they be the killer. SOLD OUT EVERYWHERE
That's fantastic Kyle. Does N.E.P.I.C. have a website yet?
You know you play too much tennis when you yell C'mon every time you ever succeed in the smallest task
I was charging my laptop incase a power outage... then I realized my wifi won't work. You win...
Sometimes life just seems like a horror story
Hoping Today Go By Quick at my job!!
did u see the spit bubble he left on my leg? Ah...the joy!
We have 8 new friends today to announce: Frank, Diana, Greg, Zilma, Pamela, Alta, Bilyana, and Staci. Welcome everyone.
WPT Vienna Day 1B in a bit. Fuck You UPS.
ah shit! i forgot to pay my car insurance!
God damn it. The gun is so fun though. We used it all the time last year. I thought Meyers was cool... guess not
Uh...I'm just really busy right now?
Who's attending Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company this weekend??
Happy Birthday darling!!! I'll send you a special invite to our exclusive preview party for our big launch! Rock your day!
Imma kill my bro
Also true: ""...arguably the most refreshing thing to happen in Albany, or even neighboring Berkeley, in a very long time."
Mistakes are painful; but as time goes by, it becomes a collection of experiences called Lessons. Live life and embrace life lesson
Would love to hear/read 's thoughts on Amazon vs. Apple. But Amazon doesn't strike me as generative computing fan - does it matter?
if you are in #seattle you better be enjoying the sunshine before it starts raining in ten minutes...you know it will.
Lol- How You Get Your TwitCon To Look Like That- With The Green Eyes
St. Patty's this morning then #StTaddys tonight. Cant remember being this excited.
Thanks for the plug Kelsey!
hehe haven't seen those. We did see the porridge house from 'Hooray for Love' and ate at a soup place that was used in a drama
I love
hello beautiful you come back to Guadalajara Mexico?
Yeah, but he cancelled. =(
RT : HUGE shout out to Jackie at the for all of the help today! Incredibly thankful 4 great customer service!...
you killer.
Um, that'd be Jason Voorhees, Abbe! C'mon, get your crazed killers straight... ;)
“: The South wouldn't be the same without country music.”
Do you think the Wizards should void Gilbert Arenas remaining contract worth 90 million?
RT : Online sales move at steady clip ahead of Friday's record-setting #MegaMillions drawing...
RT I like and I'm honored to present with s'one
"Khan", "First Contact", & latest "Star Trek" my faves..
Working on a Hollywood themed event for a client. quoting imprinted popcorn bags and boxes.
we're coming to Pittsburgh April 28th! Get ready!
Damn right! RT Heard @ #amasummit: Increase engagement will increase satisfaction which will increase membership retention
Do you think our UI succeeded? RT : Next up: Fitbot -- trying to make fitness as easy as sharing a photo online
Karaoke Night is just getting started. We will be down here until 11pm come on down and enjoy your Tuesday with us!!!!
was looking at a painted dot onna crockpot and said da light not coming on
I don't think its pure bigotry but ignorance that can be educated away. Its gonna require direct church outreach
Met Up w/ and Faze Today. Got HELLA Business Done. New Music In The Works
Get in the game Papa John's!!!
Do it! I'm sure you won't regret it! #gopackgo. It's a historic year, after all!
(AP) -- Barry Bonds sentenced to 30 days of house arrest, 2 years of probation for federal conviction
Come on scientists. Get on this.
Your filters should be adjusted. People are named "Dick" and the inappropriate use of it would appear w other filtered words.
I think they are all on west. NW, exception Ramirez who is SW. But don't hold me to that.
Haha - you made her day :) MT : CSPAN, put PAM in front of the CAMERA.
I was sitting here at the gas station and I looked up and thought I saw 's batmobile. I was almost had a panic attack.
Who is your new Avi?
Are you ready for High School?
is the group with which Commissioner Phillips recommends maintaining a strong alliance?
oh, DUH!! im a lil retarded. haha, how old are youu? sorry for another question bahah
old coldplay warms my heart.
...but sums up all cats' thoughts in a very hilarious way. I totally recommend everyone follow him.
you better believe once I get this unicorn MS sent off, imma taking you up on that offer! ;)
Wearing high heels while trying to sneak out of the house at night is never a good idea.
that scares me
like this tweet for a TBH
Hello gorgeous (yes, you)!!!! xoxo
what up?
plzz follow me
President Obama at a Fundraiser in California: "I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one.
I am sorry but mixed elements did much better than step boys on abdc in my opinion !!!
bo :'( that would of worked.
Forrest Gump just hit me directly in the heart. Beautiful. Between that and Friday Night Lights I've decided I am marrying a southern gal.
Conner I'm bored hi
Having lived in both worlds, I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
Ugh. Feel better darling.
: no ovaries.
my heart beats at a high pace when the is on air
you definitely don't have to remind me :P
120 work emails received today and counting
We need to check for availability but we'd love to join! Will let you know!
I figured out what my mom got you haha
RT Listening to deadmau5 and looking for a dead mouse --> rad.
": american politics is such a childish game…smh" ... <As Rodney King said: "cant we all just get along?"...
Nice shot Joesph!
awwsie i knew you would!! ;) i have more to show you!!!
Grabs the lotion. I been waiting for you to say that for months.
Sarah is having withdrawals lol
?If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
cause each cheek had a life of it's own.
Got a Marketing interview 2'moro... Something to look forward to
and that you can pull it off and i cant. but i CAN!
Just got home to tune into the #SOTU Obama says don't let other countries win the race for the future.
Wake up ideas: Purr in face LOUDLY. Then snuggle on chest or between legs. Works every time.
Mikey isn't even answering the questions..
happy Easter <3
We are getting an exciting new shipment tomorrow...any guesses you may just get carried away!
Looking for some rad lil stretchy headbands and cute clips to dress up this pixie-cut! Where do you find your favorites?
too bad you can't save up all those unwanted naps to spend when you're an adult
Sorry to hear about Hideki Irabu :(
The Avengers 3D :-)
Peyton Manning is headed to Denver!
#JERZATHON :) Yeaahhbuddyy i love jersey shore!
Awesome #Isagenix meeting today! Talking about upcoming #Seattle events and getting people involved with the community!
congrats!!! Boiler up !!!
adorable pics of peoples' dogs only serves to increase my impatience for March & my ETA (est time of adoption)
Anything that is worth wanting is worth working hard to get! Nothing worth keeping will come easy
I'm pulling a 2 in-a-row for Go get 'em!!! at
a boy.
make it four after Freese goes yard..
"E pills got them slashin like Zhang He" - J. Stalin. Thats a Dynasty Warriors reference. I just shit myself.
I don't think anyone could've prepared us for life after high school
I love Family Man, and I'm willing to wait for an amazing story. Good luck with your writing. Really looking forward to reading!
i love where have you been..but its not my fav!
He's got that Bearcat in him.
#YouGetPointsIf you can get rid of my flu.
Hey Gienah, Well thank you so much for listening to our music!
hey! Could you explain what digital humanities is about?
I'm not following you. I unfollowed you bc you unfollowed me first you sneaky snot.
You're welcome. And thanks for following me. :)
Please tell me there's a delusional eye patch character waiting in the wings.
Thanks! I'm always amazed at the variety in my set.
overheard in the store today: "I've really been Sheening a lot lately. I def Sheened last night, hence why i slept until 1 today." amazing.
> ...Thanks for the love!
Looks like they haven't started in on Title 2 yet.
Monaco in the semis? What happens when one of the top four bails early.
going Organic the Kirstie Alley way....that's right bitches!!!
Out to celebrate the birthday of !!
Those words came to me as a song in a dream over and over again.
"I don't want to talk about it" is girl code for "I'd like to argue about this for a week".
Kings vs Coyotes in the NHL western finals? Quick vs Smith this might be a low scoring series? Who are you picking for the
I posted that last tweet on Facebook. I had to.
News Flash! Le Peepers all a twitter 4 today’s $6.99 lunch specials..Ham&White Cheddar Omellete & Slick Chick Sandwich w/ choice of drink!
somehow #taylorswift songs always say what Im feeling
how's the body feeling after the long workout and,ride?
The good times make the bad times worth our time.
Simnet obviously wants me to fail. I have to reload every question
Make sure users can always find you on Facebook and other social media. Choose your url wisely!
Hilarious! RT Convinced I saw Justin Beiber at dinner tonight. Upon closer inspection it turned out to be a small elderly lady.
“: Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.”
Pass the Lavasier
Happy birthday enjoy mothers day with the Carney folk
Or if they went to class all this past week.
you just missed a wheel kick knockout from Barboza. How is live-tweeting miss whatever going?
4am with 3 more scenes to shoot. Jesus!!!!
Congrats! RT 2 of 3 books for best typography in the PANZ Book Design Awards are Otago books:) Hauaga & Stunning Debut...
What are some interesting things you know about baseball?
OK. I guess is still a good choice for Node.js though.
It's #talktometuesday Feel free to ask me anything and I will answer all questions. Or say hi to me or something.
Damn haters!
For a quick fun (and right now cheap!) read, check out short story Fatal Twist. It's a fun thriller.
Sometimes I wonder what goes on in people's minds when they get certain tattoos
How do you rate your boss? Helpful and encouraging or belligerent and bullying? Let us know..we'll see you at five on 10TV!
I'm headed to Chicago this summer for an internship...where should I live bro?
Vampire Diaries Season Finally... So god!!!!!!!!!
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
“Morning twitt giving god the glory for another beautiful day.....just fininshed breakfast now headn to fed Ex field to do work”
I could think of a million other ways you can waste yr money. hope yr not sponsoring dis dude. same ol sound
Wow. Seeing this news everywhere. Yes, this can spawn many stories.
; you argue too much. this is why i do not allow us to become friends. lol.
Thanx so much for mention about "Joseph & the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" w/ in Nurses daily!
Can't go wrong with those four!
I've only recently discovered the 'Refine Edge' option, as I got used to the PS2 methods. But it works well enough for the 72dpi
Who knew waffles & #virtualization went so well together. Getting ready to check out a live technical #demo of RHEV 3 here at the Spy Museum
Its okay. Game 7 it is! Metta is going to put in work!
Good night #Baltimore Sweet beer dreams.
Sending in a rookie to close it for Venturas first win as a manager. Ballsy or crazy? What a game. #whitesox. .
is always there when I need him most, even if he is hundreds of miles away.
Your work is real sick man I love it!
u kno u always showed me the up most love even when it didn't count....salute
Which, in SDSU's case, it perplexes me a bit because it seems like they have a much bigger hoops fan base than football
Go WAVE! Sunday at 3 pm taking on Baltimore at the US Cellular Arena for the MISL Championship Call for tix 414-224-9283
Just watched Derek here in USA. It's got good potential. Karl is fantastic.
Starting to build up an installation based on all's well that ends well...
We appreciate your quality bar tweets, so we bought you a tab at Centro. Ask the hostess for details. Bring ID.
hahaha Billy really liked those comments. Hilarious.
RT : Govt reports the # of payroll jobs increased by 115,000 in April and the unemployment rated declined a tenth to 8.1%.
What did the parrot say when he saw a duck? Polly want a quacker!
rules of young money cash money... Rule numba mutha fuckin one.... Hahaha
Working on the new song.
Snuck into Cochon w/o reservation. Drinking moonshine. Life is good.
Nope u better claim them boys! RT : That wasn't my #Lakers that showed up for game 1 last night
United's flight out of BR was cancelled yesterday afternoon so things are a little messed up. You might want to hold off.
Mayor Sanders: we would like to help by bringing people together, determining how best to help youth.
Family counseling was a huge part of aphasia tx,relatives were so appreciative!! i miss it just thinking about it but not SNFs
Besides CARMINE, other influential artists who have a signature drink via Drinkify are Britney Spears, Beyoncé & Johnny Cash!
you are an amazing girlfriend, that is all :)
We're horrible turtle parents
GO To A FREE sign up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
Looking forward to today's social media panel with !
#FF Thanks! You rock, as always!
How is that... working out?
My daughter, Shannon, graduated from UCLA today. She has a BA in English Lit with highest honors. I am so proud I could burst! :o)
Red Knight goin' down!
Eavesdropping on a first date conversation: the dude didn't know she was vegan!
Apparently dream trance makes excellent study music. Who knew?
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
That's awesome! Ya they are such a great band!
We all need laughter in our lives!! Check out #DanceFu starring , & lots more!! Check it OCT 4
Took my mom food shopping tonight since she can
thank you! she's a sweet gal for sure
thanks for the RT man :)
Wow ! you're so close to 1.7 followers ! Congrats,love<3 Please tweet me,followme and i'll be the happiest girl !
they finally shut the shit up. Tried to get on my girl and she roasted their ass alone.
Woah there pal.. Lets not get ahead of ourselves yet.. He hasnt come close to a triple double.
I always fall for the assholes for once I want a sweetheart.
don't say never. Cause you never really know what the day holds for you..
he's at it again?!
It's always like a Federal holiday in San Antonio Fiesta time. Quiet. Not for me, the wheels of commerce don't stop turning...
Should add a member :D !
My Pee-Paw always complains about the heat of the laptop on his legs, which is ridiculous, since his legs have been useless since 1963.
dang lol uhm jessica jarell, cody simpson island records we are in the crowd austin mahone follow me:) lol
She say she never been
i MUST BE IN HEAVEN, CAUSE i'M STARING AT AN #ANGEL WHOS STARING BACK AT ME!
Just watched #thewantedonidol & ...... you are such a flirt (;
"You're strung out on weed?"
younger women...
#RETWEET where the moms at out there looking for an excellent mothers days gift to their mom?
I'll save my smart remarks. :)
lol ant shit u can do bout that but laugh
Justin's dick in that viddy...
I'm feeling like there's a story in there waiting to be written .
RT this if Summer automatically makes you think of !
If you feel sorry for Joe Paterno, your sympathy is misplaced.
RT if you wished had a "follow all" button!!! :D
RT : "About 17% of U.S. consumers willing to pay more for environmentally friendly products." (Boston Consulting Group)
It's always weak bitches tryna come in & fuck up a happy home. Them bitches get 👎👎 NO LOVE!
not sure just yet. Imma DM you my cellular.
TY for sending out a msg about our contest! Much appreciated!
The massage therapist at SpaWorld almost broke me, several times over again. Definitely coming back. Comsa Hamnida!
We should get sticks with pony heads on the end.
#Yankees manager Joe Girardi says that Chris Stewart isn't CC Sabathia's personal catcher. Martin would catch him in the playoffs.
I see:-) My dad's got a motorcycle:-) It looks like fun but I'm too chicken.
I'm at my god sisters sweet 16....IM SO BOARD
I WILL END YOU!
OK then. A root beer will have to do.
#hth2012 technology is a means to the end, not the end, it is interdisciplinary and connected
Quit telling everybody my bizness man..they don't need to know I'm up..I ain't hire u for that..LOL
For fear of actually meeting my neighbors, I just walked half a block down the street and turned back around.
naw my nig I'm just out here helping my nigga throw this concert.
Amen ! Hey what's up Mackee.. OMG its been years since I've heard from you.
or iWanna do some molly right off a girl clitoris. yea iSpelled the whole word
Thanks lady. You can expect your signed copy:)
Thx for the retweet... Glad you liked it! Therese
dannngggitt. missed it. i'm packing for a 1.5 week tour, so does that count for an excuse..? w/ not my own-yet!
Who said anything about GRAD students!? A whole different breed (I know, I was one).
For Emma is great as well, New Artist #Grammy winner with a debut album in 2007
RT : I like it but is that an Easter Giraf? What happened to the bunny? Or is it just in France that we use a bunny?
One day will follow me #Believe !
knowing what you do about the evil that runs this country, why do you completely dismiss the idea that the US was behind 9/11?
Where will u b when the announce No. 1 pick Thurs. night? #ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues will guarantee you seats !
Well, I'll take dessert over boys any time!
11 k nothing good this level.
I just gave the code for this guy, that guy, and the other guy
I'm excited to talk about Cow Clicker.
I agree outcome is very important
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/Faelai
No problem! We always try and support local artists. Looked at the portfolio. Very good mosaics and paintings.
RT : Graham, Lawson starting in place of Melo, Billups. Happy to see Lawson play tonight. He's got a great future in the NBA!!
Diana Ross?
nothing really... Just stalking people on Facebook.. Wbu?
Hi John ! Follow back please? thanks !
Sunday funday: grilling, miller lite and the flatscreen in the yard
At sharp street united Methodist to preach the 3 hour seven last words service. I have the 3rd word here.
Out & about with , ready for another interesting night out
Ready for a change of scenery? Contact us about our international opportunities in #Europe and
Sometimes I walk into an office and it smells so bad that I immediately feel stupid because my car smells worse
In the South Carolina beaches now!
Im hungry...and its almost 4 in the morning..omg.! lol..fuck it im staying up.
Im ready to to dance my @#$ off this weekend already.
lol rite I needed the rest been running around las 2 weeks
Drinking milk
yup, even as a straight man I find his big brown doe eyes adorable
haha. i knew you'd see that one!
Well that's the problem -- in the beginning, they weren't up front about it. Which is why they were sued.
thanks so much for following! be sure to checkout <3 have a fantastic day!
You are very much welcome. Keep up the wonderful work!!
“: Whatever became of Sloan Peterson?!” She married a TimeCop and was never seen again
Oh, so excited! Stay tuned for photos of our newest models for M/I Cincinnati!
WOW. Tiger is taking an indefinite break from golf.
Was just told I'd do well living among the Navajo people.Sure, it was only for my sheep intestine cleaning skills, but I still feel honored.
Rap evangelist
I am still up. Anyone else?
great article, one of the more rational pieces on the topic so far! thanks!
I kinda get the feeling I'm never going to find out "How He Met His Mother", but then again I'm only on Season 3!
lol Jess! Please dont #lie to me!
I really love pizza, can't wait for it to come over... so I can eat you! and added friends cheesy bread.
Now I remember why I hate the #NBA. The refs are awful.
Let your purse be your master. - German Proverb
When you are around negative people, don’t be like a sponge & soak it in; be like rubber & let it bounce off of you. via
“: Be a cosmic transmission station of love. Today.”
bacon, pico de gallo, onion straws, a special mayo (forget what they called it) , monterey jack I think.
#nowplaying REMIX on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and
please notice me!!! please 4
Would Netflix pursue deals w/Disney, Fox, etc whn contracts expire? Hastings: “as far as I know, no one else has the right of first refusal”
“: Working on a food shoot for with in Southie.”
can you follow me please? <3
I take issue with the inconsistencies in your lexical math.
take next Friday off, its going to be a Friday funday followed by Royals home opener...do it do it!!
I gota crush
Driving my high ass friends to checkers just for them to buy me food, advantages of my sober life lol
yea that blows!! Y do u have a whip?
I only posted the gif to see peoples reactions cause it makes me laugh xD
Mike Brown is too monotone in the locker room after a game 7 playoff win - He should be more emphatic. But composure is important, too.
Freedom at last!!☺☀♥
But I'm on the fence right now/ so either push me to the other side or pull me down.
Good luck!
Going to watch Ok! Enough already! I just did my taxes and don't know why I work for myself! Seriously!
On my waayy to somewhere(:
hollllaa cool I'll be at The Avenu off McKinney.. Dont be a stranger til then :p
#SignsOfASmut If all her baby daddy's got a blood relation!,,,,
And then decided I should've had 's kid while performing Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain". WHAT?! Seriously, subconscious?!
If #Tebow has a thought, is it a Christian Ponder?
We cannot have a multi-stage system. #BigData, analysis needs to be on the fly w/out being multi-staged - Hasso Plattner
Tomorrow is #yarnbombing day......
I was there most of the day playing 2-5nle, I left at 7 as the game was winding down, I won high hand at 5 with 4 4's!!!
as the awesome says…the kingdom of heaven is entered not 1 by one but two by two!
cute!!!! Good job daddy
Uh oh. Commence wrist slap from !
I shine like sumtn in the sky ;)
is it specifically drawn/designed for the increased pixel count?
She didn't wanna get that for me so she gonna be locked in that room. Until she give me the money for what I want to buy
Running late- overslept waiting for Nevada - double Junkie today, Lewis Black 2morrow
Hey ladies, if you're into drunk guys with ranch dressing induced farts, we should hook up!
I am bringing peanut butter with me to Canada. Obsessed? Maybe. Prepared? Absolutely :)
Pay for services; not pay for access.
THANKS! for the RT about :)
I was Dancing in the car & this guy in the car right next to us pulled up & looked at mee & gave me a thumbs up ! Ctfu
What does it take to redeem my voucher around here? Called and they told me to email. Emailed and no answer...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Attorneys are expensive, but maybe not more expensive than what you have to win or lose in the case.
When is it? Website, would LOVE to see that...
List Building, make it simpler not hardone MISSING_ARG_URI
Thanks so much for following me! Hope you have a great day!
it's a computer lol
I've had heel savers as a kid..but not taps . Grew up on stride rite .RT Man the roc really held us down for years
As I mentioned last night....
Sleeping with all of your teddy bears in your bed when you were younger so that none of them get offended. ♥
Well. Ok. I'll take one pitch into a double play.
I am currently packing to head out to the Dominican Republic to help inoculate babies and get drunk.
Just spotted How's it going Sean?
If everyone saying the same shit about you wat does dat tell u ??? Everybody can't possibly be wrong and your right
how is everyone doing?
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
#GeekTrivia answer: In the 52 series, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets? Mister Mind
good stuff right!? I laughed so hard when I saw that the first time.
Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty. - John Ruskin, (1819-1900).
Is it me or does JD look a little like the actor Simon Baker?
Nothing I love more than getting bitched at for no reason
Friday is here! Who's got big plans for the weekend?
I'm your bejeweler's bejeweler
I just said the same thing after I carved my third pumpkin.
Baseball season...
Seeking vocal teacher for female vocalist who sings country. Carrie Underwood & Trisha Yearwood describe her tone. #Chicago South Side
i wish i could retweet myself... shits crazy
Next week I'll be in Humboldt Park talking home efficiency-what do you wish you could change to make your home's energy use more efficient?
I do my best work at night.
#DidYouKnow has played in 100 playoff games in his career (after tonight). And has won 0 championships.
I'm in the mood for a road trip... Who wants to go to Vegas??
Plenty of examples of two superstars on same team being very successful.
Hey I'm happy to have a job! LOL
Happy Birthday to
Happy Hump Day Funksters!
HA! Chuck would say something like, 'Man boobies UNITE!' LOL!!! Wusup Ben
People are ruining Lady Gagas tour by there petty protests.
😭 Ikr ugh anyway goodnight boo, cnt skip tomorrow regardless of how sick I am. :( xoxoxo
Spread the word! Use promo code LAUNCH20 for free shipping!
That sounds like a nature food store product.
Yes! Coming together in creative ways 2 unify a digital Panamerica that extends to streets. Being mentors to others
OMG I LOVE DR SHOLLS ! im start my outfit like .... Now HA
that boy got time?
Lol iJust Chugged Syrup Out Of The Bottle Haha
"Civil-Military Relations in the Wake of the Arab Uprisings: Arab Exceptionalism Redux" --Robert Springborg
you and need to get MTV to bring back celebrity death match with ya'll commentating. First match avengers v. X-men
I'm from Hawaii :)
i don't know how to vote...
Thanks for the input.
Tip from our designer: When designing, don't forget to think of the user!
may be top 3 in the state. I need to get ova tht way tho fam what's gud ???
useful to refer some patients there for our student-ran clinics. Otherwise, eff Walmart, as they work to impoverish people.
Fracking has been used in NM for sixty years and it is safe says Gergis Scott
SJSFF Twitter Special - Drop by our headqrters 2DAY from 11am-Noon (110 Paseo de San Antonio) buy a ticket to the screening & get one FREE!
God pays, but not weekly wages.
Dianna, who are those people?
Happy 2012, and thanks for following us! Thanks to Radio, Andrea Gillis Band, John Powhida's Airport and Dirty Truckers for a great night!
If your going through a hard time, just keep your chin up! There is a massive change coming to this Earth and we are all part of it!
BIG thx to sponsors for bringing the fun, food and inFOgraphics (see what I did?) posters!
Happy Friday everyone! Are you ready for this weekend? I know I am. :)
I don't know how I would start my day without music. #ThankYouMusicians !!
Pew Research shows an equal # of male/female readers of ebooks, but how does that translate to library users?
hey baby how r u sexy
had a great morning. so either the day can go right or terribly wrong. :-) hoping for the best.
Except they leave out how the show will be on DVD in six months or so, and some people are too whiny to wait that long.
Just arrived at #oms12 to bug and
lol watching The Voice for some reason.. Why does XTina keep fanning herself?
Color me Badd. I could listen to their sweet sexy vocals all day.
Super mcnasty, why you mclovin when the bitch call me daddy
I will be there.
I accidentally hit the rotate button on one of my sightings and it changed the spotting date from a year ago to today. Bug?
I don't know who gave me this headache, but you can take it back!
Hello friends and fellow music lovers. Please take a moment to head over to my Reverbnation page and have a listen/look at all the mp3s...
i have the droid razr! can you do it w. That phone?
HEY ESPN, GUESS WHAT. #NATS STILL WIN THE SERIES NO MATTER THE OUTCOME OF THIS GAME.
Me too. Did you see Jason Nelson minister "Shifting the Atmosphere"
yes, tix sale for #gtmw - which you need to attend.
what u think about Otto Porter# 22
oh no :(!!!! Well I love you girl. Stay strong!
And I just hope that I'm forgiven for carin' 'bout how they livin', and loan 'em a little money and keepin' 'em out of prison.
Like shattered glass...
Listening to overboard by Justin Bieber as I get ready for school <3
ur awesome... Congratulations, bro!
The #student who asked the question was right: savings ARE double-counted, as income AND as an asset.
oh man, great shot!!! May I please use a version of that?
I wish I had taken a victory lap so I could've gone to Club Bucky tonight with
that makes no sense.
is my god to me his name is Kendall Sexy Schmidt i love him so much
I interpret this as technical requirements (ie fluid grid) vs theoretical execution (ie 320px breakpoints) cc
what breed of beef?
actually maybe see ya in 11 days. maybe, MAYBE.
"Building a startup is a relentless pursuit of credibility" - Steve Papa
It'd be nice if the online feed of the #2012WJC wasn't blacked-out for the Team USA game tonight so I could cheer for Bo!
people still use four square?
Sometimes I can be pretty social with strangers.
out of state is fine. We are hoping to get a sponsorship however, with cross promotion, advertising, and
Happy #Easter all! God bless!
I hope to have my new Music Company name posted tomorrow sometime!! Excited!!
Scrape me off the sidewalk
Taylor swift quote <333
yea I know meg and Liz are awesome
Help me out: those of you who've started alumni chapters - how did you contact alums? I've hit the (profession-specific) listservs, etc...
Siri teaching me how to master interview-- Siri, what's your favorite movie? "I'd rather not say, can we get back to work?"
It's always been that way, at least since rec.sport.baseball.
Y do i keep brickn open end str8 n flush draw
Follow #roveatrandolph for live tweets as Karl Rove expounds on the Republican primary race tonight on our campus.
Ten Minute Social Media Insurance Coverage Primer By: Olivera Medenica - JD Supra (press release)
Yikes. RT : It may sound healthy, but Cheesecake Factory's Grilled Chicken & Avocado Club packs 1,752 calories!
Has wireless at the grandparents house!
In georgia on my way to alabama
woke me up -___-
we have a great time !! I wish we could stay longer.
oh yeah!
Mexico? You're not getting to Mexico alive, silly rabbit.
RT I don't seek Jesus because I want provision. I seek him because HE is provision
Crazy how u watch urself change with time
He plays on a La Liga team that fought for relegation and on that team he doesn't start all the time.. for starters.
So that's swim and bike training time we'll set aside for you :O
Something the average tourist wouldn't know!!
Ellen Sarver Dolgen: Take Your Menopause to Work Day
Then everybody wants to cry....when they reminisce over you, my God...
Kerzweil's prediction (which have largely been accurate), if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever. #SXSW RT
A little late-- but Merry Christmas from Occupy Cinema NYC.
Save some of 's #CALIBERRY for me when I come to town next weekend
thank you again for coming!
got her back!! Haha!
Thank God! Is she okay??
I'm a big Belgian beer guy myself. I'll let you know if I ever get on it, I'll need some tips
< next time babe
#FLYERS WIN GAME 2 & lead the Series 2-0, bringing it back to Philly!! I'm honored that I will be in the building Game 3!
thanks i got it! =)
These bitches -_____-
Welcome home we've all missed you alot!
i still havent seen amelie. but its on netflix. but i want to watch it w someone. do u own it? maybe we can watch it together
Using the heck out of my iPad 2 while it's still relevant technology.
thanks! My grandma made it!
“: The boys all say that Harry would be the best boyfriend because he would give up everthing and give the world to that girl."
“: Mike tells grandson: “A lack of confidence made me work harder.” #60Minutes” I think this drives many to work too hard...
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy. Where are you tonight?
"....You must hold onto the love that you find. In a world of mass confusion one thing I find, the Lovers win every time."
"You's a crazy bitch!" Shit we always say. Haha <3
"It's good to talk" ...How long were you on hold the last time you called your telecom provider?
They shouldn't overlook the Giants, but I believe they will roll today. The 49ers/Pack would be a great game.
Getting off of the boat, only a little queasy. We saw a pod of playful dolphins and TheWife made fun of me for my last tweet.
That's right, put the historians to work!
Try out "In Home - Shoulders 1 & 2 and In Home Back 1 & 2" RT : I need a good back and shoulder building routine STAT!
Sleep? Who need sleep when you have
“: Angelina's leg was the only true winner tonight. #oscars”
magic number is 11!!!
Your network is everything. Jordan Adler
Gonna watch movie with my friends... Yippieee...!
hah! I somehow missed this! the ostroskis should join me in Hawaii
Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute. Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team...
the specific, cathartic way we beat the Yankees in 2004 is the only reason I think fans don't care anymore.
Can't wait for my bubble bath & to cuddle up in bed for the rest of the night😍
2B honest I'm dreading it - we're talking NO access to the launch during the races over a 3month period - not to the beach or Bay
RT if you are joining us today at 7pm for our FREE Commercial Class with Ben Toplin.
As temperatures warm, malaria has spread to higher altitudes in places like the Colombian Andes, 7,000 feet above sea level.
dude! have you read angelas ashes?!
#NDSA David Rosenthal says we need diversity, need more than 1 tool to preserve the web, so one repository doesn't lose the history of web
Hate it when people think you like someone, when clearly you don't.
I'm going to be late at practice.
Thanks for the follow & RT; hope you had a successful show! The team that attended learned a lot!
yeah, the publishing company with a trillion databases! crazy, huh?
Create Contagious Content rather than engineered for SEO.
totally fucked up a deer on the way home from our 98 Rock radio show...
Paddle Raise Auction for the kids...
The Lord says, "I will NEVER learve you nor forsake you!" Hebrews 13:5
new players are now in the legal services purchasing mix. Procurement professionals are now involved
thanks for the #FF!
Basically started w/a check up. The vet tech told me over the phone I needed to put him down. Before they even saw him!
motion city soundtrack dropped out. Sadface. :-(
Ok Which One
Fair point. RT Major swing state votes against gay marriage; Obama comes out in favor of it. You can't say it's not ballsy.
Military Wedding Gown Give away!! How exciting!! Brides Across America will be giving away new wedding gowns in a wide range of sizes...
If its my boo thang!.
good one
Next week starts our annual company walking challenge. I just did some recon on last year's winner, so I can beat her number.
Green Green Green! Leggo, ! Forgot how much I love a good truck race.
That is a good thing. Keep going.
Congrats, that is so awesome!!
Taking a break from Obj-C to play a gig with the band.
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music yet?
goodnight guys!
SURROUND yourself with ppl who have your BEST INTEREST in mind. Life is too short to put up with fools.
I'm kind of old fashioned. But this being said, I really like Twidroyd on my Motorola Droid.
NBA IS BACK!
I rather get hit by a car than to have #oomf over to my house ever again
“Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll.”
thnx, got u*
Rockies select Clemson OF Kyle Parker with 1st round pick. Like Helton and Seth Smith, college QB. Tradition, perhaps?
Happy Valentine's Day! It's buy 1 get 1 drinks after 4pm today! Bring your sweetheart on over to SCC-GA & treat them!
ha! They are having to fix something with the stabilitrack!
Need some new furniture? Visit www.mattrezzzguys.com for some great bedroom specials!
What exactly does it mean to suspend a GM for 8 games? Does he get to work in the off season? When does it start?
do you know where we can get pretty light tickets this late ?
Just because I clearly don't want her does not mean it's open season.
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's youtube channel www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo
New #safety procedures introduced by the #cruising industry to help keep passengers safe:
just ordered your book. "Sponsorship Seekers Toolkit". Looking forward to checking it out!
lot of our users are traveling yogis RT : cannot wait to take advantage of your offerings when im in Vermont!!! ;)
time to make the donuts...and give and exam
ATL: Looking for volunteers for Fashion Night Out. Interviews tomorrow 6-7pm at Atlantic Station. Email
No you ain't seen a gangster that clean. 'Fit so sick, the 'fit need vaccines.
“: It's been a great night!”
Appreciate the reply - that's some counter-intuitive ridership data you've got there.
PLEASE send him my name to follow me.
- most welcome
Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going 2 say is (True, Helpful, Inspiring, Necessary, Kind) #THINK If not leave it unsaid!
Living it up in the UK together someday hopefully :) if all goes as planned :P
We need drew storen back!
Watching hpp2. Nothing much just feeling nostalgic you?
Great to see you at the GMR Food Drive, thanks again for coming out and supporting a great cause!
Shout out to and make sure to follow
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
Coming in a few minutes. An explanation of our new hash tag:
Looks like we're meeting Indiana in CATlanta! Whaddduppp
Annoying traffic, coming home from the midwest--peak family travel time? Assuaging myself with a 2006 Titus Petite Sirah--lush blackberries!
at the Fillmore! Made me so wet, hehehe
Looking forward to the journey ahead with
This song makes me think bout home
Tip of the day: If you want to golf but you don't want to get in trouble then alls you got to do is not aim at people.
If I start to review the movies I watch- would you rather have individual posts that are smaller, or larger ones covering multiple movies?
Today "is a new day, a fresh start, and a clean slate" - plus I get to see my girl !!! And my very first NYC friend
It's been 4 days and I still can't taste anything I eat :(
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything. - Denis Waitley
I GOT NEXT❕❕❕
Where in LA is your dad?
Fuck the bulls
I left my room at 9:00am and my battery was at 100%, it's only been two hours and I'm already at 54% smh is me or is it my phone? 📱👎
well, there's no DVD player included with windows 8, so you're on your own to download VLC.
Ah, if you make it into the city let's grab some beers
love that one.org uses humor along with serious messages in their #socialmarketing campaigns
No, it's the first i've had in like 3 months lol
Love is not a car race. No need for fast track. So, slow down or you might be ending up in a car crash.
Round 2 at here we come
The count down to #FolsomStreetFair begins now!!!
know where you're going w/ this but the yellow band stands on the very big shoulders of decades of individual giving!
happy birthday jeff your the best superstar ever
im good! I have 2 boys, the oldest loves bball! My mom asked the other day about you! Follow me on here, I'm new to twitter
You're most welcome!
Saw inception yesterday. Another great movie from Christopher Nolan. Great action & gives you a few things to think about.
#MyPastRelationships probably never should have happened, and I should also try to fix them.
yes, I feel bad for Angel but they shouldn't get sympathy votes.
Thick hoes on motorcycle >>>>>>
I quoted some lyrics from #Candy, and I quoted a sentence from Matt Nathanson's Modern Love album cover. :D
: it was the first night of the #KonnectedShowcase. Its over now tho. They gon have it every Mon at City Heat on Harris
Happy Chocolate Day! What's your favorite chocolate brand? Mine's
Happy St Patties Month!!! (Thank you for your continuous support for best profile photos)
People spend 3x more time on Facebook than on Google. That means that you should be mastering it as a marketer.
Listen ppl are gettin on my nerves talkin abt "ooohhhh we shouldnt celebrate.death, and we as christians" blah blah blah....
>>> cristiano ronaldo Soccer skills against the heat lolol
that problem was solved after 1 hr 9 min on the phone last night, now have 2 figure how long we were charged incorrectly
There will be 2 for u at will call when u get there
We think so too! Students get a far more rich experience and schools save money loading all textbooks on one device.
- Not tonight, sorry
How to Live Gluten-Free on a Budget: 10 Tips + 2 Recipes glutenfreegoddess.blogspot.com
Amen to that! RT : It doesn’t matter how good the money is if you’re not living your true purpose. | via
Great MKE Brunch Blog RT : well thank you very much for the compliment! I am glad you like the site!
Fly me to the moon...
thank you
Some strange trends on Twitter today, so we will keep it simple. If you've never tried us before come in for a free wax your first time!
THEY GOT ME PINNED DOWN!
Eh-hemm why an I in this line...?
Can wait for the Spring Break 2 get here....
In Austin for the state tournament. Best time of the year !!!
I bet you think this tweet is about you... It's not.
True. RT , : Words were created for better understanding in communication not deception, speaking...
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam. Tonight, thursday night, from 7 to 10.
EG is practicing making snow angels on our living room floor. :)
duh! “: can we all go to MadMex or Las Margaritas soon?”
Thankyou Kayla! And thanks for coming even though you were only there to see Brock ;)
this is such a loss for San Diego and I hope his foundation will continue his good work!
Justin Has Boy Beliebers And One Of 'em Is . #WhatILoveTheMost :)
All this doom and gloom. If Heat rest starters Rockets are favored in all 4 games. Utah isn't '96 Bulls for cryin' out loud.
