Beautiful #energyefficient home 4 sale in the hills of #Fallbrook (1.2 acres) soon. If U have buyers call for a preferred preview now. 500k
Oops, I did it again... at the gym
so Sad about Rue
Juliet Simms >>>> everything and everyone.
Madrid. Vamos Erin go Braugh. You'll prob get there before me
Goodnight twitterworld. Love @ all our followers. You guys are awesome, We reached the +100 today&joined only 2 weeks ago.Sleep well
30 professionals w/ their images, 8 Institutions collaboration, 3 BPOC staff hosting all, ...
#1dKOPbooksigning PLEASE HELP TREND THIS ASDFHJKL
Now watching Grey's Anatomy...can't get anything done on Thursday nights! Ha!
I told wife we didn't need a 2nd TV. #Whitney dies so she has to watch the #grammys New on at the same time. Touche God.
I'm watching you again lol
On cue, Rangers' Fedotenko raises game John Tortorella continues to praise veteran winger Ruslan Fedotenko’s ability to step up his
let's do this!
I don't even know what day of the week it is anymore! #summerprobz ☀👍
Show tonight In Canton at sadie rene's! Come hang out!
Just walked off the stage in Douglasville, Ga!
Do I get a cookie too? Please join my campaign to get back on Twitter. I'll buy you a cookie, he'll make you laugh..
ohh I know. Kind of disappointed that I can't see all the seniors :( you succeeded amazingly <3
We are so excited for this film to come out on 8/27! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
On my way back to SD
iT WILL BE THE NINERS !
Fun night with :) now breakfast with my lovely roommates an :) I'm happy
that's messed up. I stood there doing nothing while you glued 85% of that lol
i love the thrill that business brings to me,the whats next the new turns ,the fast pace that keeps you young
Thank you, Nancy! Thank you so much for watching and your kind words!
I have no idea anymore :(
#oomf is Feeling some kinda way... Let's not get emotional
Boston pretty much won this.
RT : Our beautiful Day of the Dead cultural display is all ready for tomorrow! Dias de los Muertos program runs Oct. 9 to Nov. 5
I figured now would be the time to start earning your salary.
who would see their household incomes fall by $60 a month by 2020, while having to spend $30 per month more for goods.
Im such an idiot! -.-
Mulling co-proposing ed collection on Queer Spaces (everything from #ecocriticism to #pedagogy) Thoughts? Interest? Potential contributors?
hey i just met you & this is crazy but here's my twitter so tweet me maybe?
Bottoms up! Happy birthday! <3, First-Year
Thanks for the RTs!
Oh no worries-- is waiting patiently for you too; just visit the
Thanks for the follow
u ok?
If it storms tonight I will sue mother nature
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs.
one art by Elizabeth bishop!
you're welcome. Great presentation. You just reinforced a large chunk of my 2012 intiatives for
omg it was pricless how i didn't throw my id outta my hands idk and how we kept our cool from laughin till up the road idk
It. Never. Gets. Old.
Only if you are talking about our website! :)
Same to you!3
As an example of thinking twice, see my deleted faceook post from 12:30am today. Oh wait, thankfully you can't.
#Imagine Zayn:"Where are you going?'' You:"Home.'' Zayn:"No! Get back in my arms!'' *Kisses you*
You could've at least acted like you cared.
Movies and CDs for sale
Typical Android User is Anything But Typical [INFOGRAPHIC]
I miss my TI-85. No joke.
We brought our hops in as well. Kitchen is full of hops, plus two pots of garlic bulbs and one pot of catnip.
FREE DIAGNOSTIC......AFFORDABLE FLAT-RATE PRICING.....AND A 90 Day Guarantee for all Computer repairs.......Geek Squad has nothing on RCS
BLAST!!! my net connection has gone south.
Did Janish get sent down when they called up Cozart?
Off to model at Dreamworks Animation! More at www.rachelbailit.com
Come see us present "The Shadow City: Dark-side of Victorian New York" on Saturday at 6pm at The Great New England Steampunk Exhibition!
I agree with . Details of how initiative came about need to come out. It was rushed through, didn't go thru proper process.
Like it for Indian foods. Use caution-little goes a LONG way.
How nice of you to remember!
Apologies, followers, for that rash of tweets. We've told to slap
He does so love to hear you laugh…
I'm pretty sure Katelyn is going with Jordan tho cuz Cindy basically said it
I want a $5 footling right now!!
Good morning, it's Friday!
Brother Como estas?
7:30 am soccer game tomorrow. Why.
Please make plans today for your new years eve rides, or if your going to a house party turn it into a pajama party! Be safe!
Our competition to win a seven night stay at Casa Morada closes on September 27…Like us and Share us with your friends!
Beautiful shot!
Thanks for following us! Have a great day!
We're back!!! We're playing Moscow Wednesdays at Boardner's TOMORROW!!!
If my phone never hung up on her after every 4 hours, we would probably be waking up to each other everyday.
Believing in yourself is the key to success, Dare to turn your dreams into reality... JDB
Do you kiss your momma with those lips?
thanks! LOL I hope to see you at the show!!!
The Countdown begins for the Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011-This year better than ever --Full Steam Ahead !
J.R Smith will take every late shot possible smdh.
maybe Coach Crum should spend the day w/ Coach Pitino drawing up in-bounds plays instead.... Siva can hang out w/ someone else.
you're full of pretty
Sometimes its hard to forgive, but nearly impossible to "move forward" without forgiveness. Let go, and let's go!!!
Deep scars, my friend! You should see Sammy's thighs!
Current Tonight See you all there! RSVP at
I've never heard anyone but you say that. And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled
IT Certification - Cisco - Cisco Systems
I'm so excited u r graduating! Omg! What r u majoring in? Where do u work? I'm good! School and I intern at E! I'm excited 2 c u!
i continue to walk while throwing up. #noshame #carlproblems .
If the Broncos trade or cut Tebow, I will forever turn in my orange and blue fancard...
Was he like, "What are you still doing here?"
lol, i tried & it said it did & i dont know what happened after!
thanks for the RT! :-)
Only a few hours left to get in on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on
Score after two, #Badgers tied with Mercyhurst 1-1, Wisconsin still leads shots 22-16.
I like Will too but I just love Jem :D I said that of he dies in the 3rd book I'm gonna cry,go into therapy,go into therapy &
you too!!
there's no health detriment to photoshop. The analogous thug would be no anorexia or bulimia or a penalty lt
It's sunny and 72F in Virginia Beach. After this winter, we're really looking forward to the ILLiad 2010 conference in 2 weeks!
yea last week. Naw um at home now but I'm not on break
Good Morning my fellow grinders I'm a high called #KingdomWork !
#Weight-Loss: The #carbohydrate-rich meal stimulates the production of #insulin, a hormone that helps to store
they do call it the windy city...
U were BRILLIANT & brave - loved it! Great to spend some time today with good friends & brilliant musicians!
oh no! Well new mls team with the best fans anyways. Watch a few matches and see if you like.
lmao bro u must b forgettn i love nicki to lmao hahahah i like how she kisses tho
he wanted to get out of NOLA but he was glad that trade got overruled cuz he came where he really wanted to be
he got one piece :)
Do you have curly hair?
I like you, ! By the way, your Twitter handle rimes with tornadiga.
attn attn revenge is the most perfect show ever
Tonight: NYC's only UNSIGNED ARTIST DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM! Perform your music & get educated on today's music biz. Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, $15-
RT ICANN Extends New Domain Deadline Because of Bug: judgecorp writes "ICANN has extended the deadline for applicat......
we never have our random chit chats anymore
#kerosene is a top trending topic, and my boys are in top tweets. :')
Super tired but can't sleep. I'm trying to have faith in people coming through when they say they will but I can't seem to stop stressing
How can we help you find the perfect ring? RT : wedding dress shopping? *blinks* huh. *mumbles* I should buy a ring first.
nm working sup with u? How u been?
Our new toffee flavor, Chocolate Peanut Butter, will be out just in time for #Valentines Day!
HAHA! ..its cuz of our "twitter charm" ....and ya luv us <3
Sweet! Glad to see you follow us. Thankd for the follow!
because we are just watching a video
eh no u hungry hungry hippo
put me on ninja Swagg!
RT : hey would love a day here soon... //Me too! Let's go soon.
THIS JUST IN...we have the white Street Sign T-Shirts and Tanks for the spring/summer coming soon...make sure you get yours!!
This is going to be one of those years the Academy really regrets a lot of the awards.Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Score
Thank you! Btw, had someone come to our booth and mention they went to TexasMedClinic last night! AWESOME!
Hey - I'm in SFO this weekend. Lunch? Coffee? xoxo
thanks for the mention!
ugh, I know! I hate it! haha. I'm trying to delete stuff to make it 1 pg, but I feel like it's important to keep some of it.
Great move by Rondo
Mike in the blog it is turning every "&" into "&amp;" It's very distracting What is going on? Lou
Tropical-theme musical, puppet, special interest video JOE SCRUGGS IN CONCERT: MUSIC, MONKEY BUSINESS & MORE (only on VHS for a reason)
RT : has been announced as an Alternate for the Accelerator in the Innovation category! 1 of only...
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Harold R. McAlindon
Can't wait to see what you get! RT My first shipped today! So excited.
Really wish you could just talk to me about how you feel..
That's not how it works, that's not how it goes.
YES!! RT : I love listening to Landau Eugene Murphy sing ..sounds like Sinatra has been reborn. #AGT >Close your eyes and he is.
Off to get ready for work. Have a great Friday everyone!
There's like a 78% chance I'm trippin', but I think I just saw my homie here in campus.
because of your heavy breathing on phone calls. #creepy #potusstalker cc //I HAVE ALLERGIES.
Great concert tonight for the KC Arts Council! members: no practice tomorow (sunday 24th). we'll see you wednesday!
love its great.. you just need to find the riight person!!! <3
I left the bullshit in the waiting room !
I <3 my Followers there the best
idk where the list starts lol
Did you see Nitro Circus tweeted me?
If two people are happy together, then leave them to it. It's THEIR lives.
#alwaysthewayitis and when you're not in a hurry...everyone else drives like a maniac! ha
Sleeping naked is the greatest thing since sliced bread
you are welcome! Just glad the websites up and running :) the other holland source seems to be dead a little :p
Lol, the problem is my dad takes me to school, so I'd make him late, too. Doesn't quite work.
Getting ready for LeaLa book fair - can't wait!
HAHAHA! my dog hates me because he thinks I'm yelling at him when we cause a turnover
Immelt chairing jobs council meeting with POTUS. "We need sense of urgency and a bias for action"
she really likes Scobee, what a year he had last year
Just one more day.to do me.
tale explains his song titles: "Earthtones." "Funk U." "Saddle Sore." "Loaded for Bear." "Baby Please Don't Go." ;)
but God is the One Who should have dominion in the heavens!
Well and I had an interesting night....
Does it happen in all projects with different test clips or just in one in particular project you're working on?
U think i doubt it
Keep your head up and stay coo happy mothers day
seriously, it was a routine to come home from school & check your blog. then you stopped posting and i died. glad your back!
Highlight of the week so far: a captivating presentation by Sheriff Gusman on the coded language used at sheriff sales.
Great Customer Service from today, needed a tie fixed and the onsite tailor fixed me right up.
WE heard exactly what Zimmerman said...and also what many of you are saying...RACISTS will be answered!!! Including YOU!
People just annoy me. Making themselves sound amazing and is if people love them on here. They're sucking up your ass. That's all.
from , "Always have a side project, and always be making things."
Learn something new each day-keep your eyes, ears and most of all your mind open.
New neighbor cookout today in Oliver! Hopefully it's the first of many! //
Happy teacher day! ": Thanks friend! Feeling very loved today :) RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Day
20 states rank in C range or below in State Secrecy & Child Deaths Rpt– including 3 most populous states #California #NewYork &
* this b.tch just ate my alfredo noodles & shrimp ! . aghh , i almost ended her damn life ! . fr fr lol .
I just tweeted it about a 1/2 hour ago.
does the Queen seem to be set up on the wrong square?
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making two double sets of fangs today.
Jeff with CORE Vistas with an impressive time of 16.69 at the Kidde Fire & Co Safety Installation! Way to go!
very cool video
Going to commit to more instagram use
wish i was there!
You think ALA is bad? No matter what my email prefs, I always get metric tons of paper spam (but little email) from SLA vendors.
Imma make you my bitch. >:)
those moods where you hate everyone and want to bash your head into a wall
oh shit. PLANET PITA, HERE I COME!
More like he jumped the broom,
remember the days when would sing "Rush" by Paula Abdul and we'd run out the room? Haha. The video is on.
Debating if I'm going to plan to work overtime tomorrow or put the top down and just disappear for a while. Just want the pain to go away.
i am
Just got tickets to the idol concert can't wait to see Colton Dixon in Chicago
the emperor is not inthe original star wars
Happy #WineWednesday! What's your favorite Spanish wine?
You can't go out shagging balls in left field
Verizon - Can you hear me, (the customer), now?
Sad that Brandi Shearer will not be playing in NYC city this month, hope I make it through August NYC heat without...
Just made plans for the new hofbrauhaus house in Pittsburgh for next week.
or may you didn't draw it for a kid?
Wed trivia: Who said "Spring is nature's way of saying 'Let's Party!'?" Answer at noon.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! WE LOVE YOU TWEEPS!! #StaceyQ about to rock the house. First party of #2012!
illusion created by a few people
Have fun! RT . Sure I'll go to the Bulls game tonight with &
I just can't be happy!!!!!
good morning austin<3 more like evening over here lol! Did you have a good sleep?:)<3
You're a great speaker. Knock 'em dead!
Is #nameafolloweryousmashed really a trending topic? That sound like a hoe ass bitch move. lol how many can yu really name?
They are such hot heads.
are you reading poetry?!
Looking for a photo agent to represent me, anyone know any good ones to talk too?
Ugh. YES. And negativity is so contagious, whether we want it to be or not!
Just discovered Sara Watkins. Great sound.
I definitely only got like 4 hours of sleep
Wade's effort is scaring me but the fact that the Celtics are still ahead is great. If it continues to be 1 vs. 5, Heat lose.
Great use of tech: MT : Put 847411 (Tip411) in your cell contacts. Send keyword VCSO and an anonymous tip-msg to the Sheriff.
10 pm shit /: Night yall. I gotta be up early to help support my friends... they lost someone and it was just really sad...
As always, two Bell paramedics will be joining us for the show. If you know why, shhhh! Don't spoil the surprise! =) See you at 7:30pm!
#iusedtothink we was going to last forever but you didn't think the same
All or nuthin
I love you. Shut up.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Sometimes i wonder about all of this..
I feel the same way, zecco is cheaper, too.
I had an awesome weekend too!
have a safe flight! Xo
when someone describes in their profile as being "mostly angry tweets," I can hardly blame you for that! Don't let it get to you
NOW you decide to follow me?! It only took a night at coyote ugly to finally make it Twitter official we're friends? Ha:)
I've done 3 halfs before, find bags to be a burden. Arm band for phone, keys through a shoe string, pocket 4 treats and cards.
eatin my taters
excited for a show weekend will all of my groups - in the same place!!
don't be afraid to stop by some time in Louisville
awe thanks so much!!!
i know right, my friend has them :3
Great Dane brewpub to help Great Danes. Eat at any of 4 Madison locations June 14, 21 and 28 and 20% goes to Dane County Humane Society.
where is this magic place that you live where people not only know who is, but, they come in on time?
you too man ;) have a good one
why not support tax reform. It's the greatest source of power for politicians and corporations.
doing what you love for a living is not work its liveing comfortable
Watching "Hey Rookie" man this Knowshon guy's gonna be good! #Broncos should take him at 12... oh wait this is a replay from 09...
Halstead Property Development Marketing had 45 signed contracts on new development units in February 2011! Up 40% from 2010!
Be A Leader Not A Follower
oh what a day
Gotta crack that whip;-)
I've rounded another exhaustion corner and now I'm writing fucked up shit. Funtimes. I should be in fucking bed. Writing is stupid.
is such a G
thanks for the retweet!
Movie Review: ‘Crazy Horse’
We've decided to focus our initial giving efforts in Ethiopia, where there is much need.
madison you're so adorable tho.
If theres one bug I hate, its the illness bug.
Thank you for hosting a great event!
That makes sense! Good show, fun times, beautiful song.
I love that off all my tweets the one about poop in the library stirred up so much convo!
One big room, fulla real niggas
Bob the builder n young Asian persuasion are funny!!! 😂😭😂😭
thanks for the RT. love social enterprises and the creativity they require.
How come when you clear your Notification Center on iOS it doesn't subsequently remove the badge icon from the app you cleared?
I'd be on the floor passed out, MK references that A LOT!
Unfortunately insolvency is still a real possibility. The first interim budget with its proposed $92 million in cuts is not the worse ca ...
Just got inspired by lets see what newness comes from this!
Business opportunity/investment opportunity. #vemma hit me up
thanks karine! you rock! we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us!
WHEN U FEEL DOWN,GO N BE A BLESSING TO SOME ONE ELSE..
I Lost 2 Followers D; Vass HAppening ?!?!
Leavin the house
Today's beard....Saint Benedict of Nursia! Got an old one today! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I will, thank you.
you are Mikey's girlfriend? OMG I'm Nick's girlfriend! ...and so are millions of other girls, sweetie.
Swag it. Aye
los, SCAD was awsome and so was the SCAFE!
none in my directory thus far but they are extremely scarce.
Ron Paul would make the best history teacher in the land. Damn he knows his shit.
This is Steam's sale on it too. PROTIP: get the two little DLCs together and save a few MORE pennies.
you can say that again! Lol
Just wakeing up time for my green tea and ride a few miles on the bike gotta get my cardio on
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.—Marcus Tullius Cicero
Gail Zwirner at University of Richmond just found an obscure article for me and made me look like a superstar. Thanks, Gail!!
There has to be pictures somewhere
happy to have talked w/ mentor this morning
Whatsup with u
if you intern at the maury show, you will meet "interesting" people.
CASH BOOST FOR TEAM GB
You're getting a lot more done than me! Is RowFit related to WiiFit? It sounds fun.
Your heart is a door that takes the key of love to open it up...Don't give that key to just anybody.
Yo #arapgov12 crew, I hope you study for your test longer than you wait in the Rita's line.
We have all had those tweets that are simple and innocent and expand to include loads of ppl for a long time. THAT!
check out upcoming Female MC!!
I am not guaranteeing anyone's safety. It will be an ADVENTURE! :)
Many friends are fighting #Depression #BiPolar #Anxiety and substance abuse. Shame and silence are death.
Watched ScarJo and Josh Hartnett in 'The Black Dahlia.' The high school version of 'L.A. Confidential.'
Sent VIA DM.
Do we really only have 2 weeks left?
It's hard to fall asleep with stuff on the mind............well for me at least.
I love the sun today!! :)
Im finally dyeing my hair tonight!! is gonna do it for me tho haha
Your performance in Austin at Republic Live was GREAT!
I'm dead tired. Fuck.
his next fight he's gonna get his ass BEAT!!!
Keep it simple.
Didn't know the genre was called #quietstorm . My day has been officially made!
Thanks to the Lord for days like these
Steve Blake's steal against Duke at mid-court. Smart. Hustle. Driven.
Ra Digga My Nigga.... Hehehehe come visit one day... im off all summer!
oh I won't...been peeping u for a minute...nice moves..smh me..
Omg just loving Lilah so much haha she's the light of my life
And out trot the assclowns.
.RT : At least Ted Nugent didn't threaten to make any new music.
I don't tweet that hard. This is America. We have words for people like you. Words indicate knowledge, and that indicates Being. You're mean
lmao youll be alrite im sure you wont ruin it. Unless you got gumdrops! Just sayin
haha that was a fun presentation. I cant wait this week
i love you
Obnoxious laughter<<<<<<<
Me und got huge plans
23rd is buzzing on this beautiful evening -- kids eat free tonight! :)
Definitely under
I'm not sure mate, you never know with Barca but I do hope Madrid wins
: haha. i guess im getting "beat up" tomorrow. lmfaoooo .
'm back! And it's all because of you!
haha thanks your cool too lolol & okay do that lol I got mines (:
Dance tomorrow
Thanks for the retweet! We're hoping to catch a glimpse of Louis-Dreyfus when the show starts filming.
its 4/20 take a guess
sorry :( try some solarcaine spray. That really helps! :)
my bad it was raining
LMAO ! One day Cat, one day he will realize what he has right in front of him an he will run to you 👸🏃=💍❤
here's hoping!
Verizon disputes the danger of hands-free cell use by drivers. Diabolical arguments like this make business a bogeyman. Blu-tooth kills.
Mantra summer. Eat only foods your grandma ate. No process, cans or phony little.
yes! Totally scared the girl on the elliptical next to me with my 20 min fake sprint
delicious muffins! I had no idea there was a surprise inside!!!
Although Commom's does to drake was trash , he still is very lyrical and good at what he does
Is going to the State Fair tonight, but forgot my camera ;-(
What is your favorite pizza topping?
I'd rather drive with no shoes on.
Spring break needs to hurry up
Happy Thursday😃yes you can do it!!
Okay, those of you up early tune into
Its so funny when I type "IONO" and people be like what's that? Lol
it was good talking to earlier even if it was only for five minutes xD
No! Haha, but at least she knows you tried. And we're glad she likes it!
I juss want you to know i'm more then a fan, and more then a mahomie.
Every Monday in May will donate 20% of your purchase to MM when you say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase!
Great. Send it to and include a very short bio of yourself.
I'll see you tonight for dinner at nada! Get ready for a crazy night ;)
We only need 11 more followers to reach 1000 Followes on Twitter! Retweet us & help the first ever real time fantasy sports stock market!!
And now bed... I know its cliche to put this as my status, but its true.... goodnight twitter... have a good night loves... :)
It's a five dollar footlong day for me! #SUBWAY's Jalapeño Tuna is fabulous. Come try one!
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Based God
skinny people snort cocain too.
best carnitas burrito and tamales in LA
Lord make me over again🎶- Tonex
I just passed a womans correctional facility .... Where the fuck are we? and Where are we going?
can i have ur fun140 account link
pop by the booth to claim your "share the love" kit! RT : Super-excited! share the love this
Sleeping in, like I should have done.
#Spring is here at last! Are you doing anything special to celebrate? I may bust out some flip flops …
would love to hear Gloriana's (Kissed You) Good Night - please and thank you! :)
are you going tomorrow night?
it was initially a 50% chance, now down to 30%. Hoping for the best! Besides, it's indoors :)
This just gives me high blood pressure.
#FF Playboy's 50th Anniversary Playmate,
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's built-in spellcheck works? Yours...leaves something to be desired
Go bobcats!!!!!
we'll be there!
ahahahahahahaha. so love you for that.
Get what? Me? Our friendship? Yea it's a mystery in itself..
great stuff jason!
YES!!! there singing Cell Block Tango!!!!! My Song!
HvZMod FACT: is the group minority and is currently channeling Usher.
Vanderbilt tennis teams earn NCAA tournament invitations
Being forced out of the house to go to Starbucks.
sure! following u now..
Oh we good. We good. You should stop in sometime soon and say hello!
Excited about opening for one of my favorite artists w/ it's gonna be
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Just wanting to say Happy Birthday to my little sister Kamyryn Love you!♥
We have to STOP looking at what we don't have and START being thankful for what we do have.
Tournament in Clearwater
is looking for actors, actresses, models, singers, and dancers for his documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask.
I don't even know. Probably not much, I feel like shit.
That track meet just makes me want to wrestle even more.
just let him do the condescending tweets haha. Nobody else
Van Halen w/David Lee Roth perform in #SanDiego in June. Opening act: Kool & The Gang. Who's in?
Completers perform better in "obstacle" courses than noncompleters.
Morning love. How was ur sleep last nite my love?
The Winds of Bullshit
Working and finishing assignments on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Oh no it's basically water to us now...get over here by the way time to party
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my dreams come true and he tweets me<33 #Believe #neversaynever !:D
Everytime I've stopped by to say hello, you've had a crowd around you. Hope you're having a good show!
thanks Frank it really was a great day all around
what kind of food? And whats your price range
go go white sox
i cant believe how u have changed .u really look like a hot macho straight man now,amazing...
Shout out tonight to Reconnection Drama Team and the Children's Ministry of FCF for a great Easter production. Thanks to all who helped!!
ebilling, lit support, and legal sales folks come and find me!
i like living in my bubble. this world is scary.
We have #fattuesday specials tonight from 10-close. Come check us out and keep the party going!!
Tomorrow I have to stay after school till 7.
thank God on a daily basis and things will come around quicker.
#pressure of life suffocates me sometimes
The old man behind me has gone from "Ya drink enough and the rain don't matter" to "It's almost past my bedtime." I hope to be him someday.
Logic over Emotions...
Back dat ass up!
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over. ~ Russian Proverb
Morning fans :) sorry we havent tweeted in a while :( so much stuff goin on! But the crew is forming :) promise you all!
Graduating this summer? How about graduation travel cash for a well deserved trip! Lets send you clever students packing on myTab.co!
You've dug my grave but I pushed you in it.
Keep hitting on me bro, i like it...
Hey, look who's in the front row if the student trading card.
you get a better deal getting 2 small frosties than 1 medium
Frankk Ocean! thats all i got to say..... lol
Question 5: What would you think if you are dating someone, you make plans, and then they blow you off without an excuse?
you're so pretty & talented! It would mean soo much if you could follow me back!!(:
i have a few $5 gift card codes but can only use one per order? lame.
what's happening in Fremont?
yes, coffee please.
We had do much fun at the Like Crazy premiere tonight!
Are you reaching out to others and networking?
LET US HELP...
Looking for promotional models 21+ available May 5th for Bud Light. Send 3 photos and contact info to:
haha ik and also sorry I didn't answer FaceTime last night the benedryl made me pass out randomly
Coming up with a giveaway soon! :)
Justin meet Haydn :)
Dont click the link. My account was hacked!
feeling energized and inspired after #csctf today!
i dont even know who you're talking about but thats the truth
Oregon does have it going on. Right? Love it - never leaving.
hoping will still be at the Chicago show even though it's on Valentine's Day.
TOM FUCKING PARKER LISTEN YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME OR REPLY
What color should I paint my nails?
So yesterday was just beyond a great day! U can say that yesterday was my lucky day! ^__^
RT : A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. - Ralph Waldo Emerson RT :
Strep throat is no fun. I'm counting the minutes until my next round of painkillers.
what other former players are playing in that #SWTG game sunday?
can i have julian or tristan please :)
Tom & his two little sweethearts are kicking back with us today -- family friendly all the way, every day.
Bored Af Work Later On
get the pillows and blankets ready
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it. - Will Foley
When I was a kid a flight attendants were hot. They didn't look like your grandmother.
Someone just asked me if a bubbler was champagne.
love u as an announcer but please clip that hair in honor of the LA Clippers! Smiles
writing a song. WISH ME LUCH
Performing hit Single "Earthquake"2nite -10pm -8572 Santa Monica Blvd West Hollywood $10@ door $5 each for U & a Friend, Don't miss out
I'll be here!
Hopefully someone will tell James Franco to use his inside voice.
Did they discover Maggie's body or did I miss the episode?
Hoping the thunder doesn't wake up my little guy;)
I probably ought to stop before I finish the entire packet of
Thanks for the RTs!
only if you had the ikeep..
William Kristol, head of right-wing Emergency Committee for Israel: 'I agree with Obama’s Israel policies to a considerable degree.'
Nothing like hearing an 8yo absently singing to himself 'sea of heartbreak' as he readies to brush his teeth in the morning
What an ass.
That moment when you tell your girl you don't feel like I priority in her life and she says ," I have a life, I have other things". 💔💔💔💔
Michelle Williams #BestDressed I live for #LouisVuitton so beautiful and chic!
can't for tomorrow's internet to be all about nerdy shit again, rather than gameball.
It's as if law & order SVU is a graveyard for last year's good actors on cancelled tv shows. 1....2.....
Lil bastard I went to go see Ronnie play lol
I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Target - BRAND Prescriptions -
If I gave you guys more time to send stuff in for the birthday video, would more of you do it?
Amen! RT : Be careful of your choice in men. What you think is your knight in shinning armor may turn out to be a fool in tin foil.
Excited about tomorrow. Cant wait to see what Im gettin..(:
“: A single text from you can change my mood at any moment.”
Last week to get the dissertation finished. It's going to be painful and long but then I will get my life back! Which will be nice!
Ok Avery Bradley on Marvin Williams has to stop. Ray Allen enters the game
Okay #TweetPeeps, truly time for #SweetSlumbers! Hoping our dreams come true!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 2
yeah I am! I haven't made an event on FB yet but I think it's June 9th 1-3. I better see you there! (:
your muscle milk is in the lobby momma
Soaking some apples in a little Sailor Jerry, the Pumpkin-apple spiced muffins are gonna have a 'lil bite to 'em!
My interview with Channel 7 should air this Sunday October 17, 2010 on the evening news!
as long as that harmony involves less \t, redundant "NODE"'s and <CR>'s I'll be pretty psyched #thisisnotfortran ;-)
So true! MT #Petpeeve The word "narrative." Pretentious, ubiquitous. 3/15 column. 2x on this wk. ENOUGH!
S.W.A.G- Someone Who Adores God
that's real doc
If you want #informative tweets, you should follow me RT Love your tweets, very informative. Go Bruins!
I agree! I want my girlfriend to be here!
Congrats to Cafe Juanita chef Holly Smith! Nominated "outstanding chef"! Well deserved!
#WalkingDead has been really good this season. I HATE waiting for the next show!
students make sure to check your e-mails in case classes are canceled. Some at already are. Stay warm!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there - you are appreciated and loved!
wonderful vacation spent in Santa Barbara.... sometimes fresh air, warm water, great sun just do it for me
Cody's cover of Better Together >>>>>
correction..when can we crash over???
Celebrating our new name—the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law—during the Dean's Convocation
Freddy, sorry you overshare a wee much. Good luck in your acting career.
@ 3 suns bistro listening to a few jams with my buddy . whats going on in lex tonight?-BH
dude cc was safe at home!!!!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST
that would be awesome!!! :)
hey what's up been a min, how's the spring/summer trans treating you?
Guess #Tebow really wanted to watch tonight's season premier of
join our league
I looovvveee my cheek bones! @
If you have an "I <3 Haters" sticker on your car...
I luv music..it makes irritatin situations nd ppl more tolerable..
Oh Tampa Bay wtf???
RT : Eat cucumbers! The are composed mostly of water and are an excellent source of silica, vitamins A & C and folic acid.
just proof once again that those who r upset w Yo think the season is 25 games. Turn on NFL draft and tune in back in Sept!
friends are God's way of taking care of us. Love u Denver!
Do you play Mage the Awakening? Or Fading Suns?
"No men in the world of a more insolent spirit... before they begin a matter & more abject if they do miscarry." Pepys on French, 1661.
Going back to bk to meet up a guy I like
Good After Noon Bielbers
i do!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art of all.
pls follow me back
Team Empirical is out tonight celebrating Bill's birthday. Much beer shall be imbibed
what is the special today?
Lesson learned. Never try and shoot evil ghost with handgun. They'll just make it explode and blow off your hand...
when it comes to the inefficient administration of water monopolization, fascist dictatorships are annoying at a very personal level.
lol I thought it was good
Wow is right! Welcome! : are here all the way from London! Woweee! #SeaTweetUp is international!
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
So I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross lynch of Disney Channel's Austin & Ally next Monday in Portland :) tweet me for ticket info!
1983, black unemployment rate:21.2%.In '00 it was7.6%.Where are we now?15.8%. Progress reversed.Job creation in our communities is critical.
hate people like that
Alright Lee! Link audition AND Warrior Dash?! You've had a great weekend so far I'd say!
He should/ppl that hvnt been there don't get it RT LHam (rightly) corrects ? who refers to Bona as a lesser caliber team
gotta catch up to me! :D
I spent 1 hour lifting weights. 542 calories burned.
and I love the fact that gronk hit that
Oh okay. Well if you weren't trying to be offensive, then they should calm there tits.
I agree. Have been blogging about this too. Come guest blog for me, pls.
I can text you
Thanks for stopping by
RT RT : On the train to Baltimore!! Welcome to Charm City, you already look like a Raven! Good things ahead...
I TEACH REAL ESTATE INVESTING
Mode of the day! Melodic Minor from the second degree gives you a Dorian b2, try it over a Dom7sus4b9 Chord, very cool!
Otp with this person that in SATURDAY school lmfao !!
Welcome !!!!! : Fancy new twitter profile page! Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina
By machine I mean software machines. A lay person might point to a small phone (big phone) playing a movie. Granted but think Android
Hopefully this doesn't end with a trip to the hospital.
Good question! For me its more the candidate listing important aspects of specific projects vs what a PM does in general
i think i left my liver in the bottom of a glass somewhere. and i'm the only one at work right now. someone else's karma must've got me.
ok do u no if anyone esle is here?
I'm bout to find out how much you really going to miss me this week...
For our next project, I teamed up with Carly Calvert to produce a web-series titled "On Tap." Our first show will be taped on 3/13/12....
Hey are you free this Saturday? We would love to have you at the Indie Book Fest! cc:
Be nice
A6) - social media - word of mouth, followed by loyalty
Dan, your new show is the best thing that has ever happened to man kind. My new favorite show
lovecoleworld asked: I have seriously have made your page full of J Cole material! #ColeWorld :D tmblr
I didn't even slap you that hard tho -_-
I Have Ice Cream C:
I get anxious talking about myself but I can talk about acting and stand-up comedy ALL DAY LONG!
Get it tonight bro. I know you will kill it
happy anniversary to you and Mr voodoo :-)
Unfortunately I didn't get to visit this time. I will try on the next visit. I did see your billboard on the strip though!
I think I might make some custom Jordans
All history may be transfigured beyond recognition in the light of the imagination.
How's everybody doing this morning?
Q2 #libchat definitely mention the options in special libraries ... such as medical, law, art, etc.
If he/she does not meet your standards or completes you...you're gonna look elsewhere eventually
Renewing your drivers license online... Now that's convenient. Guess the state is doing some things smart these days after all...
“: If I drink alcohol I am alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I fantastic?”>>>LMBO u r a trip sir
Wow. Bears had that one gift wrapped
RT check out RT You rap? Send me some acapellas over mate. You can check me beats on my soundc...
Need the 's help! This is about the takeover of dynasty's in Miami!
Can you just tell me what it is? Lighten up for God's sake.
Since this morning, I've eaten 1/2 a bag of fun size twix bars. Ok, I ate the whole bag. Whatever. Shut up.
I my wife weren't a PT, I most assuredly would have retired from recreational sports years ago.
LOL, Night Night
WE LOVE YOU!!! EP IS GODLIKE!!
Ugh Nuggets what happened exactly? & poor Bird I'm so sorry.
Ramirez is too talented & I think last season was fluke. Would be awesome to get him in the middle of the lineup playing wallball off monsta
Today is $5.00 Monday! Come out & enjoy a great film and free music in the cafe.
since I do Social Media now as a profession, I got involved in local Social Media groups and love the exposure!
NO. HE'S MINE.
is somebody drinking the hatorade this am with my dancing?? Lol
Thanks for sharing our video, Ryan :) Happy Star Wars Day!
We have some updates to the Firefox 6 Beta article recently published coming shortly.
mobile apps as the new meanwhile, filling what had been "down time"
Go Bucks! RT : Are you a Buckeye believer yet? Already have on the bandwagon, and there's more room.
so apparently we partied with yoko ono last night !
just saw tweets! been buried in VERY important things, aka prom shopping. now hair.. let's talk.
Feed The D in 1080p coming your way!
Remember how awkward it felt to wet the bed? I miss those days.
Good evening! Welcome to the #SmallBizPgh #TweetChat. We are thrilled to introduce featured guest ! Give her a warm welcome!
Not. My. Day.
Wrapping up 2011 last week of CD & DVD manufacturing & closing the week between Christmas & New Year's. Thanks all!
Thanks for all the shoutouts. I haven't been on - NZ internet sucks! 13 days until we're home, by the way(!)
We are so happy that we have 600 followers now! Thanks to all of our followers!
On my way! To 7/11 to get sweets
If it's the last thing I do before I leave this small town I will remind everyone just where I stand.
One Tuesday in Española, a man woke up early and shot off a gun for an hour, at a target he set up, to the great annoyance of his neighbor.
Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart they don't deserve your tears.
We are headed into extra innings, #Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 3-3
I NEED A DRINK !
There hasn't been a Grand Opening date set yet. We'll be sure to let you know as soon as we can!
looking forward to seeing you at
everytime i say sum with ppl try to mke me mke him follow me
<3 .caffeine of miracle joyous the ,oh
Watchin videos (: get at me bro! Very talented (;
all bad' . aha but I'd rather b home then here -_-"
Thoughts on Seahawks QB situation? As a Wisconsin guy, I would love to see Russell Wilson win the job right away!!
Oh you fancy huh? :P
Curtis Granderson name thrown in AL MVP conversation. Cabrera, Ellsbury, Verlander & Bautista also In topic
food is my LIFE
feeding my dog!! You?
Yes please RT : A2. Chorizo breakfast burrito with jalapenos, onions & chicken eggs
Any Nana's or #glutenfree fans in the #SantaCruz area? We need your help and will generously reward you with #cookies!
. Thanks, man. If you ever have an idea for a story, let me know.
I get that hubby is sick. I don't need a blow by blow description of his mucus. Gross.
PREACH!!! RT Ima have to put sum videos on chingobling.com TOP TEN promoter mistakes... Then TOP TEN artist mistakes
ha, I guess I probably thought something like that too
Sick ass pool party mad girls come thru everyone invited LOL dale
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized. – Albert Einstein
Ideal Sans! Sofia Pro! Verlag! Scripts and Egyptians!
God Rest their souls
beautiful boy congrats
I had a dream last night that I had a talking snake for a pet. Did you slither into my subconscious last night?
The X-Factor tapings in Greensboro are on my birthday! :O
I had no fucking idea wat this dude said but he gave me his number #nice haha
Happy First Day of Spring!! #Milwaukee, could you ask for a more beautiful Day?! Amazing!
Justin Bieber Dumped by Selena Gomez - Not Again? - Gather Celebs News Channel
u still want table and bottle? DM me ur number quik so i can get it set.
Have you seen the new movie? Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets are—explains a lot about my generation. :)
Like always. I hate that feeling...
I so wish I could like it! It makes me kinda sad I don't.
thanks for the follow
Go to Australia, its amazing. Or Boston for all the rich American history :)
couldn't agree more better everything at Chipotle
Opening weekend for my U-13 team. Two games this weekend. Would be nice if the rain stay's away.
How is your brain? Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm. The only real Pub Quiz!
- just cooling mann... Just done with a project, so I blazingg up before I start another one.
I like people who actually put effort into talking to me.
I thought only girls were bitches but i know some bitchass niggas..
how the government wants to take out the black leaders.. so we have no voice, stay divided ...
Frank I heard this song the other day. It went like this: "bee bee bee, bee, be, boo boo boo, boo, bo" can you help?!
At least my picture doesn't make me look like a giant turd!
Thomas : U haveing Fun? Me: Yes aloot of fun :D hbu? Thomas: HELL YEAH!!! Me : hahahaha hahah i Love are Conversations(: :)ILYShawty<3
SALE! #Black Friday Rents has all ur holiday gifts. Sale starts @ 10am, hurry while supplies last.
miss you too<3
heading to hp innovations in education lunch celebration @ Sheraton
It really hit home; I was never homeless but I did grow up in the system & it kind of goes hand & hand
Just about. You might not believe it, but you'd be surprised how wrong you are.
Cant have a week end to my self -_-
Don't worry, be happy. (:
#ecoaccents loves It's Sew Wright!
There's always next time!
Go follow ; and tweet me if u did I'll. Follow u
Maroon 5 fas a hit on their hands
im gonna send you something i want to make you a poster for your wall and ima give you a pimped out basketball:):)
A wedding is just like a funeral except that you get to smell your own flowers.
We are heading to our first event for the day. Tweeting more soon.
Painfully true->RT : RT : Avaya's Shockley: "The only thing millennials use email for is to talk to old people."
Next time I'm in town this is on the agenda RT : Bro leaving Russian & Turkish baths: "I feel like I can run a mile."
You can develop a hashtag as a means to create a community centered on your organization or area of interest.
Three different #penis topics are trending. I guess it really is a man's world.
Hey #highered folks, is there a good college search site that focuses mostly on cost and affordability?
THEM TACOS MAN GO ALL OUT I EAT THOSE 3TIMES A WEEK BRUH IF WE WIN ABDC STRAIT UP YU GON SEE ME PROMOTE THOSE TACOS !!!
tunein radio has it. Can send a link in the morning.
What dont kill you can only make you stronger.
My guys won their regular season finale. Playoffs here we come !
Tiny Lister from The Fifth Element got things done.
Not a good ending..
Somehow 90 minutes in a sensory deprivation tank seems much shorter than the last 90 minutes of my work day today.
Hi Jenn! It was great meeting you this week. You have a good time at the show?
Its comes a time where you have to party and let go of all the stress & #Bs the world Brings you.
I'm trying to claim a venue while logged in but the option isn't there. If someone already claimed it, how do I override?
I wouldnt leave you even if you asked me to
aliens I ment
I know. I was expecting one crazy back & forth w/a pissed off customer. Not entire twitter feed w/one apology after another
#Lamar just doesn't learn. Voekel with the ball fake and its enough to give McGlynn a step and an open three. #Vermont leads 59-47 6 to play
"When love & skill work together, expect a masterpiece." ~ JOHN RUSKIN What do you love? What do you know? What are you good at? GO, GO, GO!
Oh, I disagree. He is far better looking now than he was in the 80s.
follow me ou god please<3
No matter what role he plays, Michael Imperioli will always be Christopher...
Sweet, staff are dropping by tomorrow to tour our office & program. So excited!
Last break of the day. Just lost a 40k pot that was all in on turn, and she hits a 5-outer to stay alive. Still at 160k.
Good Morning! An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. -Charles Horton Cooley
HUGE #Sale coming up this month! #May 19-20th, same day as our #Pepper #Workshop. 10% off everything in the store!
DJs interested in spinning at Quiksilver - South Beach - Lincoln Road this Sunday please contact:
#bieberfact Justin's forst kiss was at age 13, at a school dance. He made the 1st move (song playing: How to Save A Life by the Fray.)
It means balls
Protesters reassembling at Wash Sq Pk. Join us!
how u doin beautiful...love it . U n Miami ? U should come to Gryphon tonite if so?
Lincoln back out there in the 6th with 68 pitches.
nobody puts Half Pint in the corner.
Feeding babies in high chairs is a silent film genre that needs some revisiting! Thanks Martina Roepke for the 17.5mm treat
thank u! Was taken at the haunted mansion at disneyland
If me and Jordan had a baby, it might be ugly but it wont be that ugly !
I just want someone to take care of me. Is that really so much to ask?!
She is She will tell you to immediately lose your egg avatar :)
I thought you were one of the "good guys". You sure proved me wrong.
Tip #181: AQ will get you into more trouble than any other hand. Play it with pot control and
Thanks! Reading four Hocking books in a row was definitely an experience...
Juss got out of church.
My Friday night? Drinkin' rose and watching (the one about bugs & animals) on Netflix w/ my Boo.
VERY COOL. Love Youth Frontiers!
but good performance
But, the question is, who do YOU want? What do u think bout Weeden at 22?
RT All this casual usage of the word Nazi has totally turned me into an unnecessary Nazi-Reference Nazi.
Thank you for your support!
how rude!! Haha I def would. Well, maybe if you told me I couldn't have it in the first place.
They have crosswalks and ped flags but I wonder if a ped stop light might be more effective. It's a busy neighborhood.
no...thank you for the follow ;o)
no right now I'm in pre algebra they want me to take geometry
Spread the word! RT : Hey congrats on the commitment to feeding families in Africa through !!! -ZS
right.nah i wanna leavee already the school is all fucked up. but i heard you met chris brown? CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Coyotes...*gag*
As the sun typically does.
Sounds amazing! Can't wait to come visit!
Thanks for the #FF!
Boom RT THURSDAY on EITM Danny McBride, tickets to see , another chance to see w/ in LA, and more
-- or exercise!
I WANT MY LUNCH 11:50!
The campaign should be done with Rick Santorum after tonight.
The ones that provide a check every other Friday.
I wud be too if I knew the truth! Lol!
unfortunately yes! No thxgivng w family + friends bc I'm not allowed 2 play a skill game in the "land of the free".. sad :(
me too! I didn't say anything either.
give me a second k
LES GO COWBOYS....3 TOUCH DOWNS.THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT?
aha Just Watched & 's Ratchet Girl Anthem Official Video...I Can't Get Enough Of It, Its A Must See... Watch It!! :)
The next trick is using the data to make material improvements on state & emergency services policy.
Did I miss the part where you're giving back your entire salary too?
So, Santorum is having a fundraising campaign called Conservatives Unite Moneybomb... That's right, CUM. You can't make this shit up,
Hope you made it safely to Chicago! Sorry I'll be missing the conference. Enjoy :-)
who doesnt love a pug?! Just had an amazing doggie photoshoot for Fox News..you should bring your dogs by the studio for pics!
Your welcome.
Maybe... But how awesome is that!
"Good communication spells the difference between a leader and a manager." - Dr. Richard Eisenbeis
My pick: Packers in rout 42-17 over the rothlessburgers.
yes yes why don't we?
congrats on the commitment bro... Proud of u !
Byron Leftwich was re-signed with the Steelers. He's had just 18 snaps in the past 2 years.
#WordsINeverWantToHear We need to be just friends... That would hurt.
Homemade buffalo chicken #pizza might be the best thing ever!
I love LOVE and I'm thrilled with what he said at #ComedyAwards. should have at LEAST been nominated.
it's like 500 degrees in this room, i am seriously about to die
“: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people. Pray, and let God work!”
Why turn to an energy drink for a pre-game boost when a light snack high in carbs can give you the same energy that will last longer
No. Unless I'm drunk,
To Be Honest... That was the best episode of #glee ever!
You need to tweet with your inside voice then nigga RT : it wasn't even a subtweet I was jus thinkin out loud and shit lol
So theirs this guy... His name is Joseph.... And i really like him.
Occupy... my pants!
Rick Siskey – Catching up on past episodes of Shark Tank and The Apprentice.
startin off Twitter fresh with a new pic... expect big things from the goat in the following weeks!!!
ugh! I had to just bite the bullet and pay my fine. Not fun.
lmao at this! Outstanding Gaffer.
Scientists have been targeted by animal activists groups the same way that #farmers have been. Should work against partisanship.
If photography was like rockstars, you guys would be the Beatles or U2 of photography. Absolutely amazing!
I shall now commence sleep mode. Initiating... Sleep mode activated, loading dreams... Processing dreams... Having no idea what they mean...
me too!
Propehcy without instruction is like a Bentley without keys.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the mention! We hope you enjoyed the painting party!
Trying to figure out NateGate..
Now you're making me want to watch it. I am a sucker for a boy with dimples.
S/o to Yo, If you in the "A", let's link up next week bro. Keep me posted.
<3 RT : Tweeting to you brings back yummy memories of your delish sandwiches!
Let's label this current stream of thought "reasons I'm not in School Administartion"
omfg im so inspirational, stay strong bbz x o x o x o x o x o
Time for work! Still tired though.. :/
When my children don't choose healthy foods, I change their choices. If we don't buy it, they won't have it.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
I fucking love lemons
I love logging on twitter and seeing a bunch of new monsters following me. We're more than just fans, we're a family.
fishnet stockings! Lol
So then: How do coaches get the rookies up to speed in short time w/o 2-adays and how does 2011 playbook change?
he str8... I'm committed to my #TriggaBooBear doe
I wouldn't date a guy who is ALWAYS IN THE CLUB
Taking the bus home from work today. What fun!
Davis decided he was going to be a factor for UK this time. Good movement from guys on both teams without the ball
Wow just spoke up for the first time for something I strongly believe in. Felt good but weird
The main ingredient in Subway's 9-Grain Wheat Roll is refined flour—it's no better than white bread!
wow yes they would be..
tweet a pic with the new spray tan=delicious!!
Hi friends.. Tired as hell from work and gym!! Shower and bed lol.... Good night,
excellent. asap please! do give an idea when if you have one. oxoxo b
Mission at 7 PM! 30 minutes!! Humans, bring LOTS of darts!!
I remember my first #Crush. And I am not talking about orange soda.
JOE BIDEN's oral skullduggeries : The ramblings of a decaying, confused mind, purely for comic relief
Glad you made it!
: How is this different than any other day?
Wouldn't that be supremely fantastic! RT : Harry Potter time-turner device? Cloning?
Mr. Nothing To Prove Your Statements. :D
I Neva seen Spongebob take off his face and smoke
<--- FOLLOW OR I'LL BIEBER-SLAP YOU!!
I'm going to see "The Cabin in the Woods" tonight. I also watched both "Human Centipede" films over weekend. Lots to discuss!
Good afternoon all!! Get it!!
So maybe now would be a good time to send the agent some chocolates to boost their spirits
Elegant...probably not. It's a seafood restaurant. I'm having crab cakes, scallops and dirty martínis. How's that?
“: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door :}”
can't find it bro can you resend?
quit singing & start pooping.
BEAT THE HEAT!!!!
agreed! Close but fail....
Living the life as a shortie
Still up can't go back to sleep
THANKS. You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition. ; )
I ain't sleeping. I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
Haha, Your Beautiful :) .
Torain's value is going to ebb/flow, if you can get two solid starters for 1, given Hillis and Bradshaw's injuries I do it
I managed to bankrupt a franchise in only three seasons on MLB 2K11. Makes me wonder how much control I should have over my own finances.
it was awful! Used the inhaler for my asthma as I walked off!
I keep telling ya'll that I'm back but then I stop tweeting. And I just feel bad.
We are with you Judge Smith...
I'm so excited to get my tongue pierced yay
this summer better be as good as that one ok.
I'm kidnapping crystal
Today is mine and 1year aniversary of finding out who was :) love you Austin
In session #tu206. Looks like fun. Lots of colorful stuff on walls from previous sessions.
How’s this for book-ends: I started working at VSA on May 4, 2009; tomorrow is my last day.
Twotter prayer I wanna be the Tom Cruise of our generation, or patience to see what I can accomplish.
Ever wonder what I sound like on the radio? Good news! I'll be on #Insight w/ talking #SEMF2012!
I have something in elk grove sorry :(
for week 2, very nice job!
i think that every time i see u choad!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 81
Moving sucks 
its going to be on americas most wanted!!! D:
Don't strike out
eather way what ever they say its the best thight for me
Gotcha, looking forward to it!
yes “: I'm still puzzled. Podcast complemented print edition: hearing the voices behind the stories was an extension of the NYT.”
Beautiful picture! :)
It ain't gon do nothing but work!:-)
I think its time for American Idol to just go away... They need to turn on they have the real talent
Sheeiiiittt, we been on the map!
I love Can he play just one more year?
School..? Haha fuck you. Gotta leave in 45 minutes and I'm still laying in bed watching tv.
Last night it was kush and ciroc now I'm suppaa geeked!
#hittmit not partnership for patients :: partnership WITH patients
Chocolate Kumquat Spring Rolls Recipe from Epicurious
Fries will now be an option with all burgers and sandwiches any night of the week!
I'd love to be world famous so I could say "Yeah, I'm huge in Japan." Cause...comparatively...I'm like a fuckin giant there. /
good luck!!
Hang in there!! Just think about the cocktails awaiting you at the end of the day.
Kinda bored, tweet me(:
Great day on the beach here in Ocean City NJ
I premiered a piece by composer Stephen Schwartz (Wicked, Godspell, etc.) after having dinner with him at my gala. NICE man!
It's the last day of class, so I might be late.
Enjoyed the #Radian6 Workflow & Engagement training from Definitely took away a lot, now time to put learnings into action!
RT : I #amwriting the story I started for #NaNoWriMo. It has been a long time coming.=>better late than never. Good luck.
thanks for coming out and walk with me
Luckily for me, my future cancer will go along quite nicely with my current personality.
Is there a photoshop plugin for matching your grasp to your reach?
Every bone in my body did not want to go to work today.
lmao too cool :) what comes next?
There is a reason for all that .. I have just got lost in the day to day..
I think I might be sick! I'm gonna overdose on robitussin in the hope of getting better.
I live here. This is real.
In Memory of Beverly Susan Preston 1947-2002
hahahahahaha shee so did! i dont get it, why! D: lol and dank you verry much:))
I wouldn't know what to add to her though.
Thank you!!
wow really? fuck this
Lesson of the night: don't turn down when she want to hang out (it's always the better option)
Who do you want to win tonight???
Listening to my co-workers' daily routine of complimenting each other's Kmart / Wal-Mart outfits is kinda funny.
Thank you for the follow! We often post on Portland-area events for children with developmental challenges.
Ugh on to the next one
I'm new to this shizzzz, be patient!
lol give her my number
RT : Do you have a question for Chairman Julius Genachowski? Ask him anything #AskJulius and he'll answer five on
awww bummer. I wanted to chill too. Damn they had u workin til 2 in the morning las night?
R.I.P to Caroll Shelby, accomplished driver and designer who may have made the biggest contribution to hooning in history.
haha so what!
Tip #1 for 2012 RT : “If it’s brown, flush it down.” Works as a policy both for the toilet and guacamole.
YaYhighness, your knight is tired but smiling. Keep dancing and spreading support and encourage us to keep dreaming
Thanks to the Euclid Police Dept. for helping a guest at my fundraiser, who locked their keys in the car. www.jamesjmcdonnell.com
at the movies with Danyeller!<3 watching The Lucky One..... I need a wall socket.:o
saucy BASTARD! Why do you torture me so?
CHAPC members are down for post meeting drinks at Black Cat starting next month. Yes! Also going to start a bike brigade to bike to mtgs.
what u been up too ?
perhaps, i like broke the biggest whole in the wall and my parents are pissed af, so maybe if i have people over
Women ignore the men that adores them but continue to adore boys that ignores them!!!! This is something I will never understand....
FYI, we'll be CLOSED this Friday, Feb. 24.
Getting ready for tonight.. Looks like Im going solo tonight lol
he's not playin with that thing!
She says it in Moment 4 Life. "South Side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy!"
Thank you!!
I'm so mad that I have to get in the shower right now!
Happy Birthday Katy Perry!!! Have fun God bless you and gives you more years of life!!! :)
Good luck on your surgery tomorrow Stephanie, I hope that all goes well. I will be sending up some prayers for you. God bless
having a great production of SNOWY DAY at Adventure Theatre. Wish you could see it.
Leaving the one you love is a slow ache but when a woman's
Nia and Mackenzie were awesome! Congrats!
I'll be home :)
Good morning world!!
031 All Day ...
Plastic backing on the back, and feed them through like regular paper (1 at a time)
Follow my business page & RT to your followers so they do same!
Just a month ago, their roles had been reversed. He was dying, she was mourning. And then, everything changed.
Current #stccac Outreach Team/Communities list posted in the All Community Leaders group in MySTC. Meet us at #stc12!
{Nearly every second - even when we dance/sing/party/pray was spent unraveling the secrets of efficient step by step communication}
happy flippin' birthday to and aka THE AWESOMEST TWINS EVER! :D
Why did I watch Precious to start off my day?
Melanie Stegman, PhD: (Learning Technologies-Fed of Am Scientists) takes the stage with a video game funded by NSF. Immune Attack.
Well, I can't deny any of that. Thanks!
can u do me the honor of a follow... It would make me ever so happy ;) xoxoxoxo Tiffy <3
Volunteer disaster group holds final conference - Chicago Tribune
Hey whats up gorgeous, how have you been?
#GirlScout cookies arrived today.
Humongous truck full of hay barrels just outside my window..Fighting urge to jump out into it. Build a house, blow it down.
It's Fashion's Night Out! So much fun in NYC last year...won't be the same this year.
G'Morning && a #happy Friday too you on this #GoodFriday :) #TGIF baby!
R.I.P. 101.9RXP - You Ruled! Thanks for blasting the best stuff on the airwaves! p.s. the last month of dr.drew sex talk was hilarious!!
And eventhough its been a week since the launch, THANK YOU EVERYONE who came out and supported Official Launch! We love you!
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT YOU? Send recommendations to
RT Can't wait for #2012WLS! :) {me neither! See u there!
#SignsAPersonCantCook Even the dog won't eat their food
been hittin you now and then and nothing. could of used an extra camera guy a bunch.
Let's go Rangers!
First week of April shaping up to be epic. #WildFlag show on Monday and speaking about "What You Really Really Want" on Tues in DC!
Hi Janet, thank you for your kind words. You should visit the islands. Call me & I can help (#401-258 2672). Beijos, Victor.
Somehow managed to create a password, confirm it, and then immediately not remember it. Did I go into some kind of typing fugue state?
I did not know that. lol. Do they ever play at the same time? Could be 3 Farfans on the pitch?
Did you know that any pool can be easily converted to a salt water pool? www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Straight up bedraggled.
You leave me so confused over you </3
i thought to myself months ago that i wanted some "The Questions" and now i hear they're coming back out.. bad thing is ERYBODY gon want em
I've been playing skyrim to point where my girlfriend is gonna take the game and hide it:)
So much work i am very exhausted!
I'll send it shortly
Did I actually link facebook to twitter? Reall? Take that technology!
Everyone i talked to is waking up.. lol
Party bus , aye
Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances. Life blows.
Michelle Obama's health/fitness plan to the rescue
before plane even took off, the man who sat next to me this am told me he went to jail for 3 days for choking guy his wife was cheating with
Fakest band ever was just on Shark Tank...
wiggio - workgroup site allows for people to access various professional communities through one interface
Watching #TheGodfather... Always makes me hungry!
Here at NECB-HQ, we're hoping to see the sun tomorrow, and that all graduate students contact their program chairs about registration!
aw thank you!!!
I'm well- thank you! How are you?
I still believe in spreading knowledge though. At least now I am aware of the consequences of my actions :)
No school for Dps tomorrow which means our game has been canceled as well
appreciate it bro
You can leave just as fast as you came.
On the ground trying to get this lettuce, love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches!!
Optimistic that I may be past the February blues....at least in terms of jogging....
Sorry ladies with the fam
How are you doing Tami?
HOLY SHIT RAUL WITH THE JACKAROO..RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Sweet rock is like the best thing ever
Worst Passwords of 2011 "password".
Yeah, but they already have me paying for tons of other stuff!
OMG!!!! STILL DOING Homework #justwanttosleep : /
i hate how i cant follow more people -
just saw a dude in a Jose Lima jersey in
Deal. I will ask my social president nicely. /cc :-)
"What happened with the penalty box? Uh huh...I see. WE'RE GETTIN' ON SPORTSCENTER TONIGHT! BOOYAH." -Gary Bettman (probably)
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. = This Wonderful Internet Thing That'll Eventually Ruin your life.
I cannot wait to see The V💍w tomorrow!!!! 💗
*please don't kill me* Has anyone ever told you that you look like Morten Harket?
Hey, God, why not Seacrest instead?
It happens to me often here. I suspect it will still happen when I'm back up in NYC.
#girlbyenotwiththem posters of bow wow on your wall!
I know! I was gonna tell her what she was really saying but I decided not to. It was too damn funny
how do I audition for Duets?
Thank You Lord!!!
“: Thanks for being a friend. Have a great day!” Thanks same to you
Dirtiest thing said on TV."Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night."
lol thanks i just have to get home from work lol.. cant really do that many adds.. you are right tho ...a numbers game :)
I would like to know if Michigan was doing it prior to 1968, & if it is one of the causes of my Autism that Mich should b paying for
I should have known. "Twinterview". Thanks very much
The president's speech made my testicles tingle. Oh boy.
At Fenway Park enjoying a beer and a hot dog....great day!!
This is almost always true. RT: You know what would make this day better? Cupcakes. cc:
If 24hr Fitness was smart, they'd open barbecue restaurants at the exit.
ALWAYS!! Nah with Hubby while he finishes Accident Reports ☺
I know we're late but
Ron Paul has only won the hearts of pot smokers, hippies, and ignorant young people who who voted for Obama in 2008.
okay! I sent it to your email. Check it girl.
After your dose, stop by within Harbor East
so tired... laying in bed watching svu is all im doing the rest of the day
Come and see our peep show!
Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA. Go !
Please go to a website.
Yes I got a follower :-)
I feel better. I felt I win. My last update is so effective!
I once encountered a person of this name. MT : Weyler: I just like to say, Sally Sayward Barrell Keating Wood.
nice one.
not me! But let me know?
Be mindful of what you are eating
I do go to school, I was there today!
he loves you back! I think you might be a better singer than him... Given his 99 percent performance
But he gone nah, so im GOOD !
Advanced tools of alien civilization. Placed to observe in Kubrick's words, "influence" the "evolutionary progress" of humanity.
What to do tomorrow!?
there's this asian kid sitting next to me and he's not wearing shoes. also not wearing headphones. and is watching the game on his phone...
Congrats! I know how much hard work that takes...trust me. Enjoy, and keep it up!
Brewdog Hardcore IPA + Gluing a tubular last night set me up to feel brand new today!
Dear Diz co-produced by latin grammy Producer of the Year Gregg Field Gary Burton Yellowjackets saxophonist Bob Mintzer
thanks for the retweet!
that is awesome
with her daughter-in-law Ruth the Moabite.They arrived in Bethlehem at the beginning of the barley harvest. 2 1Now Naomi had a #Torah 25/99
Tonight 10 pm on I'm back on
Everything will work out for you and I wish you a lot of luck in two weeks I care and I want you to know I'm still here
What is you major Briana?
