PLEASE FOLLOW ME ♥
get your $1 bartab drink on at Tiki No
U smh at me is the same thing as shut the fuck up.... dnt shake your damn head at me
Two wonderful Fried Egg Sandwiches from - The MeggaFowl made in honor of and Free Range Against the Machine.
ever notice how cigarette smoke is two distinctly different shades of gray before and after exhale?
Im tryna get up to head to the gyn
Ben Holmes - when I'm around U.S.-based entrepreneurs, I have to watch my wallet bc they are great at pitching!
okay I'm done. I apologize for flooding your twitter feed with my poor observations of life.
I can't hide my redneck side.
Great thanks we are just starting our blogg and want to link with other likeminded bloggers in the security space.
I'm a Tebow fan,so that's why I 'm saying something haha(:
and never leave!!!! What is TYVM? sorry my twitter vocab isn't up 2 par 0_o
Everything is tracked for data analysis & follow-up. Presenter didn't detail specifics.
your new website is awesome (nice work ;)
#Detroit is coming back baby! Lets grow for the future!
I need everyone's number again. I finally upgraded my phone lol
no dice. I'm feeling like poo. Ugh.
Here's to the directioners who--- DID SOMEONE SAY ONE DIRECTION?!??! :)
Opening exhibition game at the new stadium was fantastic! Way to show them what you're made of Panthers!!
Come in for the YEAR END CELEBRATION! All superduties F250, F350, F450's get a $2,500 rebate AND $1,000 Ford Motor Credit Rebate! PLUS As l…
yea i get mad when i have to retype it. But I'm the same way lol
Good morning!!!! Finishing the last of the new registrations. It is a good day. :)
�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case
SELENA YOU LIKE THE NEW FOTAS
Wow watching the blood sugar solution with dr mark hyman... Proves my theory that high fructose corn syrup is killing our country! WATCH!!!!
Here we go Steeler...Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl
I got love for the tabbouli!
So what are you doing for your mother for Mother's Day?
I don't know whats better sleeping in my own bed for the 1st time in 6 days, or having 100% cell phone battery for the 1st time in 6 days?
Join us for worship at 8:00. It will be transforming. The message is "Dissed in Death."
Thanks for the follow, I always follow back, #(-_-):)
What station is it on?
breakfast for dinner is delicious:) i luv it:) hehe
Free wine tasting before the last home game? Register for the 11/13 MTTS lecture, Virginia Wine: Past, Present and Future with Chad Zakaib.
WHAT IS HOMEWORK THOUGH
so awesome!! That TOTALLY made my day!
When you're committed, you work thinks out.
Whoever did that is AT LEAST the coolest person in Baltimore.
TY for the shout out! Hope to see you all at #DiningOutForLife #doldc!
what value; when u dont have players to fill roster enough! I guess they need players not need!
agree kd should've won it
Hungry for lunch already? What gives?
Pulling treasures from the #archives to wow the newbies at New Student Orientation tomorrow.
The NFL Scouting Combine has instituted the Wonderlic Test, which is said to measure players' learning capabilities.
yea use water paint
Ok, I have to lay back down so I can up in 2 hrs :/ Thx to all new follows, RT, & replies, enjoyed the conversation. Nitey nite ;) 👍👄
Probably the 5th time I posted that. First was after the Super Bowl. That pic was from last night
Omg i really took a 3 hour nap. Had the craziest dream too
Which I haven't done in forever, Lolz
Just finished watching The Count Of Monte Cristo, wow!! How art refects life!!!!!
Denver! You?
A chocolate Peanut butter oatmeal cookie sounds so delicious. Hm I wonder if DH would bake some up?
oh well idk
Support Local Business!! follow
Hey 'member when you did Francis?
Every body always tries to start stuff with Lebron on the court
bestie! Hey! I'm doing good but I was in stress lately. How about you? Are you doing great?
we gone be salty af
hacker screen is up, another laptop is open, coffee in hand and tunes in my earholes. THIS IS WHAT WORLD DOMINATION LOOKS LIKE.
you should. Very cool style
Yeah but Death by Degrees, for all it's visual pomp, might as well have been coined "DIY Genital Mutilation!: The Home edition!"
do you still want to co-own? if you do can you please follow back? :)
I'm so thirsty!
You illegally charged my account $39 this month. I want my money back!!!
Self defense! And I think me perfecting your paper was an adequate award...that was some solid work from me there.
Got a sneak peek at #INArtisan Marketplace today while with Great food, wine, pottery, jewelry art! Sat 10-6, Sun 10-5
Sorry to hear that. I can empathise. I've had a heap of pants-days since getting back from Chile. This is Catastrophe Month.
WHO WANTS TO SEND SOMETHING IN FOR PATS BIRTHDAY VIDEO!? YOU HAVE UNTIL THE END OF THE NIGHT TO SEND TO (:
Outstanding! RT : Beautiful Event today at with Hosted by Wow! What an amazing meal!...
RIP Earl Scruggs
Mid Major coaching job vs BCS job - great read...
gotta buy packs so u always have one.
Thanks for your really nice comment on my Show The World video!!! i'm from Florida.
Nice! RT : Thanks for the tip! Listening to & love...
Spread to Thine is really getting me pumped for the new album!
No magic bullet for measurement...Look at business and communications goals and map back to them
Kentucky Derby contest today. Pick a number betw 1-20, if horse wins, you win Dbacks/Cubs tickets. We'll tweet exact time later.
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
End of the 4th with a score of 6-10
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
wow, I didn't know it was that serious. TF is he?? And who does that like!? He's a Loner...
Ohio here we come. Text the cellular. :)
i think i found my girl than haller
You think you know someone, till they screw you over...
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Bender's writing a book for Manning too, so we can get some synergistic pimping
Thanks friend! Can't wait to catch up and see you for Minneapolis fun in a few weeks!
S/0 to on being a great friend !
Smh...some ppl do the stupidest things-i just hate being present when they do smh
Cheaters never win! Ryan Braun is a cheater! RT : What a game and what a finish today (despite the loss).
Another great voice lost, Donna Summer
Sky8 clocking gusts of 58 mph at ~1200 ft.
Will be helping the new University Archivist -- Casey Westerman acclimate to his new position this afternoon
Going to bed now, Night ^_^
is whats up : )
RT My friend who you met and hooked up the tickets tonight is waiting for your follow. > Here you go!
We are 17 Million Beliebers now. One Strong Family and im Proud to be a Part of it. To be a Fan of Justin drew Bieber is beyond amazing.
love your song put your hearts up :)
I liked TNT's Rizzoli & Isles better when it was called Cagney & Lacey and was twice as dyketastic.
I'm out! And fed up! No more nice guy! Ima keep them calling me CRAZY! That's what they love! So what up B I T C H!
There are times I feel this team is on the right track.
This guys haircut is so awful.... I think Mitt Romney was his barber!
sittin on my couch drinking coffee cudds(:
had a great time at moe's with and #twitterless hayley!
reet when you're best friend ignores you cause she doesn't wanna see you.
oh, rad, the america indian museum is by the reflecting pool. :-)
revived the #mancrush : ) that is totally cool ..... Wherever the love comes from...
sleep >.< why do people always screw me over ? whateverrre
So glad you liked and enjoyed it! That makes me happy :)
You feeling alright?
to scientists: you’re suspicious of simple answers but people don’t trust you when you hedge.
lol just read the exact same tweet from RT : Old song for me: 2007. Old song for my parents: 1475.
I would love to make you a beautiful star villian if I was to produce this script I am reading ha ha!! hope your day is great!
My weekend <<
Feats = personal daily achievements
It's December. Time for carols. /te
Gonna be home alone all night. TC party hollaaaa
I love to run, been slacking this weekend! Right back at it tomorrow !
I hope next Falling in Reverse album has less cheesy lyrics xD
licensed&ready to drive.
Same here man. I freaked the fuck out over that snippet.
I used to hang out there all of the time before it changed locations. Cool place and all of the bartenders were cool.
Do you need any help with Camtasia?
Everyone has that moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room.
Back on my feet, and making my next move, my best move!
it's the prom one?? YES! SO EXCITED NOW!! (:
Christopher Plummer may be walking on stage tonight to kick Billy Crystal's ass.
oh that makes perfect sense
Everyone IS wonderful! "And in time, and in time, we will all be STARS!"
We all wish Cody the best though and hope that he finds what he is looking for in life.
Hey, thanks! Great point. Maybe we'll do something special for this week's Beer:30.
My apartment smells like french toast right now and it's glorious.
is to do your HW
RT : #dc #spacetweeps was able to get table for 5 at Madames Organ feel free to join or they'll move our table. :-(
Totaled my car :(
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear - Self Destruction
the booking people don't email back :(
When Jefferson walked past the guy sweeping & motioned "shhh," that was a nod to "1 Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest," right??
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
pancakes!!!! Yumm :D
very good choice! ;) we love that one as well!
I dunno, Per. That sounds like a lot of work... ;)
well im late
working on Mozee LP
Going to test out E Blue Burrito!
Some People need a Psych Eval before being allowed to procreate
Just heard the coolest story about promoter Bill Veeck from an 80-year-old customer at the store. LOVE IT when customers tell me stories!
ah, Josh that was terrible. Just give it up! #fortheloveofchris LOL!
don't tell the Internet, but I just solved a 5x5x5 rubik's cube without it
u say u know what a lady wants. Well this lady wants u to follow her
The good: my running pants are loose. The bad: they fell down. The ugly: most of 8th ave just saw my undergutchies...
Take your time. I'm not one to interfere with making a homemade pizza!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Thousands just standing around waiting for their ride to arrive. Police are diverting ALL traffic away from airport because of water main bk
or Lorenzo Llamas.
Sharp avatar!
i'll be there!
what about target OPI?!? Why is it the dark side??
when she writes her signature she really writes crew love
it's tonight she left already, fingers crossed “: :):) How did it go?”
This day has been fucking crazy dude
oh oh. My bad
Way to walk those runs in Cubs! Looking forward to a nice night. My training officially starts tomorrow. "Hard work and your dreams chase U"
yea i like what i see tonight. Even though its only one game. I hope they can play like this everynight.
im sorry to hear about you and corey yall look so cute together!
I can't believe the 76ers beat the top seeded Bulls in a 7-game series. I look forward to their 2nd round elimination. :P
Come on Nikki enough with the bum performance
CACI Reports Record Results for Its Fiscal 2012 Third Quarter
I know! You were definitely missed!
Too much hair on these boys heads
study found that when web readers are faced with tiny scroll bar, they just leave. Give word count, ability to download.
#Booksandbars Crazy things happening this evening. But not all of it is funny.
omg feline still didnt follow u :0
My curriculum vitae is going to have a piece of pepperoni and a smiley face on it and that should pretty much do the trick.
RIP Junior Seau
I am learning 20 minutes in Western Mass time means an hour. Plus, I am learning that it's probably time to give up sports writing.
I haven't been a student at for 20 years but I still want my alma-matter to win during
RT : Yup its ALL her fault!! Lol<--she was suppose to fix me lunch for today she fell asleep smh
. says university presses provide alternate locus of accreditation for emerging areas of inquiry
What?! Do it Rob RT: So True? So False? Will Rob Kardashian Move With Khloé and Lamar to Dallas?!
maybe let us check the schedule - I'm sure it will be great!
when does varsity play
This fight forever song got me in my feelings...this some bullshit, dope some...but some bullshit!
Always listen to mom... looks like Flo Allen's "red clay" has done wonders for Ray's ankle
Thanks Candy! Have a great one!
Let's go to the New Mexico State Fair
Love this article. I'll look for you in those same funky Lakewood coffee shops.
Hope they tightened up the rims for all the bricks you'll be throwing at it
So I'm tired #AF... Guess being up 23 hours is weighing on me... #WhereDaStarbucksAt????
I get an emotional rush when I watch the video of your X Factor audition. I can literally feel the hunger in your voice!
haha how funny. I have never made it. Was it easy to make?
Woohoo! I'm live :) RT check out our newest featured vendor and at weddingblush.com - Never Stop Blushing!
I think I have enough for a week! 😌
July 22 was huge day in history of Mid South (not Reed-Mantell) Event that changed MSW took place but NOT in MSW
yikes! That's a tough one! Is there wine? Or vodka? #drunkguyproblems Hahaha. Lametown, sd by far
Music teacher Susan Wesson just sang her deputation to the TO Council. 4 am and incredibly compelling.
you're welcome. ;-)
Anyone in the mood for the electric slide today?
RIP #WhitneyHouston. A very talented and very troubled lady.
Must suck to live in the Tsunami area of Japan...12 -4.5 - 5.5 earthquakes per day!
LOVE it! Thanks for the peek!
I love you.
: Going to the gym. How are you & your little man?
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?
Remember, get your friends to like our page and win the $20 iTunes giftcard!
oh! Yeah. If you can thatd be so nice! Thanks.
did roc cut his hair
Why did the HVAC tech have licenses in different states? He heard that Freon changes states.
#6WordSciFiStory - Amongst the wreckage lie alien survivors.
Common core standards say that students should have access to and grapple with works of exceptional craft and thought. Lit in the classroom!
It is great to be back in LA--four auditions in my first three days back!
be glad you're not here. This is legitimately painful to watch.
I know omg
that's what's up
And lest we forget...! Thanks for the folo!!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
i love you i love you i lover you I sometimes say you never know but I remember never say never
i'm forever sour that the weirdo Glee Project reject is ruining 1D for me
That's disgusting on a couple of levels
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dr. Fresh Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
AHA! I see the new ep online! Listening now.
We're here till 5!
You can't make that stuff up!
Someone is getting ready for the weekend! ;-)
Keep up the good fight....
baby got back is on the radio this is my suicide note
I fully support your cupcakes-for-dinner decision.
coffee is just as good. Just got on the plane, ATX ETA 1210. Plans this weekend?
Breaking a mirror is 7 yrs of bad luck. A broken condom is 18.
wow...it really does exist!
I'm never staying at your hotels. I had a reso and even called to confirm. You can't overbook like airlines!!!
ooh strawberry and banana - top notch cereal!
Happy reading!
We have changed but we're still the same and after all that we've been through ,i know we're cool ...
the show is friday jazzy dats wat i cant wait for
can't wait for hell week (finals) to end so that my blogging can start. in the meantime, celebrate #tyftuesday by following
u have zero sense off humor
If you're going to follow a beard, might we suggest this beard:
Happy Mother to my beautiful mom and all the moms in world!! <3
Lol Yes I Did And Np ill Insult You Anytime... Anytime
I'll miss you too! but thats good! goodluck!👍 hope you have a great weekend (:
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, the women that are a mother like figure to some, AND the dads that may be pulling double duty!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Today is Give to the Max Day. Show your support to our community and by making your donation today! --
Dos Rios Elementary fifth-graders get a hands-on education about archeology - Greeley Tribune
She felt the need to "enlighten" me through a fb message because she saw me as "innocent". Gotta love those socially ignorant hipster cunts.
ok brofers can we go on a mystery
Sure do! DM where to email it.
Up early & ready for talk at world trade center in rotterdam. Bldg not as big as othe wtc I've seen.
#iacrl2012 super excited to hear a library director say she wants to hire new #libraryschool grads
Have a wonderful Wednesday night!
I only like photos that look old. The look of the present is just so outdated!
I am amazed by all the #greatdeals at the mall today! I am so glad I made it out!
RT : My pet peeve about college hoops, the phantom offensive foul! RT : Horrible call.
glad someone text you! :)
ok coo
One of the many plusses of working in a small office is knowing exactly when all the girls take their daily dump.
Would love to see pics too!
Male oppression!!
Head on collision one week...kick ass concert the next.
C built roads, buildings, trails, campgrounds, did archeology too
When my dad gives me money to get food i always keep the change for my troubles.
My nose is so stuffed up I can't eat & breathe @ the same time
"Happiness Is A Warm Gun" Lennon considered this one of his favorites. It's also Paul McCartney's favorite song on The White Album.
going to the talent show tonight so ready video put on later.
Email us for special offers and getting started on your pick orders to win you some big money! is your answer!
so am I still the only interviewer who called it "Canadian Idol"? (oops)
Im drunk and high at the same time drinkin champagne on a airplane
My bad luck and bad decisions are in sync.
surrrrreeee, you're the trickster!!
How do you solve a problem like Princess Beatrice?: The princess can't find a job and Peter Phillips no longer h..
for real... although they could probably turn out with 4 players and win
If it isn't summer time it is very rare in Portland to wake up to sunshine, this could be a good day
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary
Hope you dig it!
video would kinda bring the magic. A laptop webcam is ok. Earbuds would be good too to minimize feedback on your end.
Back on track...
oh good what are you doing fathers day weekend? Road trip? :)
Just found out I am rubbing one of our network set-up people the wrong way. Well, stop being incompetent and I will stop complaining.
Karma is a bitch, but let's hope that bitch is beautiful <3
All that stress and worry, and it turned out great anyway, again.
I was wondering when youd get to the R's! What good (if rand.) company!
that is awful what other petty crime is happening at her school?
where's my macaroni yam
At The Landmark cinema alone. This love-seat set up is creepy. Call me old fashion, I don't like seeing people laying down at the movies...
So you're willing to through me under the bus to save your own ass...what a friend
it's the little imperfections
I'm not complaining though. They smell nice.😏
THE PLAN: Eat dinner in Louisiana tonight. What should my dad and I eat? Crayfish? Gumbo? A po' boy? All of the above?
Packing my life away ...
We got Black Ops poppin off tonight come get some. Tournaments to come soon.
Back to back #oasis songs on the radio followed by #wallflowers , Thank you radio for that audio treat.
Messi you fucked up big time
1 day after my 1st day back N the gym n as suspected, I'm sore as fuck 😖!!!
i'm totally confused :p
Soo, Human Centipede 2 sucked ass...literally. Let down.
where you been? You better come to jacobs friday night !
Playing a round tonight at 8 pm with the lovely and talented Ashley E Norton, and KelleyAnn Hocter at Rooster's Barbecue! Come on out!!!
"life without art is stupid"
hey Austin please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean alot
Holden Ray is completely my inspiration!!! Omg
Tip: A reliable contractor will work with you to resolve any issues.
Not everything can or should be saved. And we need to identify our data stewardship role.
Ol faithful WSHH
Just be here now.
Faith is the fuel behind the action you take.
My names Chris: Math enthusiast, Bad Ass MC.
was it bad?
i would really appreciate it if accepted my re-friend request. it's getting old when i try to creep and everything is blocked ;)
or a damn ugly crain
hii :) please follow! we r big fansd from new york city! Happy new year :) xx from Rena and Gabby
I do not trust the rapid speed at which I am progressing through this chapter.
say what's up and will link up soon, bless up lions.
let's see if our dog can get a higher score than me by June
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
Good for you! I need to start running again.
RT : Another Day, Another dollar is just not enough
U of M study finds "a scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby"... Umm... no kidding?
Finally Iguodala drives it, please no more Lou Williams threes
John Harrison Opera Foundation pres. Renée Fleming in Strauss’ Der Rosenkavalier today at 2PM. Public is invited & admission is free.
So where is the role of state and national #nursing orgs?
It's almost time...Glitch Mob member, KRADDY this Sat night 1/22. And it gets better: Skeetones open! Also playing, DJxNightmare! 830PM $10
I know I'm not there yet, but I'm closer than yesterday.
“You cannot keep the status quo in place and not call anything [Social Security]other than a Ponzi scheme.” --Rick Perry
set sum time up for us this week an tell what day an I'm up there bruh
weekly phone calls with implementation team & testing staff; on site visits & workshops w/Ex Libris staff; feedback submission
Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins.
Hope I'm still working out in 40 years.
I love Fishers Pediatric Dentistry for employing kind people and having one tech available to hold my son's hands during scary procedures! #
Where oh where has my live set gone? Where oh where could he be? With his super neat clicks n really hip drones. Where oh where could he be?
Insurance markets are responding. Markets are rising. Deals in 2010!
yer sweet. x
these kids couldnt get any more hyper
good luck, ladies.
"Came from nothin & I refuse 2 go back...."
yes ma'am! "Your Love Never Fails" #JesusCulture "Revelation Song" #KariJobe, "Marvelous Light"
Awkward eye contact in the hallway >
sorry. That's as much as we know. Like that it's coy though.
How do others deal with the sound of my voice?!?!?! (Is that what I actually sound like???)
no the one thats usually there!
To be clear, I love our girls unconditionally. And I love Family Trips, I spent my last b-day with them. Just not a vacation.
Early morning finance class with the devil.
I thought it was cute, reinforces the aw-shucks-ness of it all
hi Amy just wanted to say my wife and I love u. My wife use to work for melrose coop bank. She took care of grampa Carl
What if I posted a video every day this week on my main channel?
happy birthday
Have I ever told you how much I love my new laptop case? The person who gave it to me is awesome. You should meet her.
what's a #couldawouldaplayer? NBA guys who coulda been/woulda been HOF'ers if not for injury or circumstance
Happiness is the goal for all of us everyday. If u have a bad day know someone is there for u. When you want to vent I am there for U.
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
They have the video. Omg lol
She sayin all the stuff I can fix. But I ain't gon go offsides and mess up the play for something idk the result of...if that makes sense 😳
ah, but there is where we come apart. Forca Barca!
Good Morning tweets, I just want to thank all my followers new and old and I really appreciate it!!!
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
simply impossible to go wrong with shakespeare :) you're in SFO atm, right? what you up to?
Thx for fabulously chill last minute getaway! Xoxo! ;)
Hey all you Rascal Flatts fans..Just announced today they are desinging their own clothing line. Keep u posted as to where they will be sold
RT : Very interesting keynote by Bart van Leeuwen... firefighting & Semantic web.
12 hours of sleep and i almost feel like a normal person again. going to be a functioning member of society now
Get my new camera this week =D been waiting forevers (camera's r too expensive)
How did they even know the number?
Is it bad that I have a Texas song stuck in my head?
omg! You wrote in Spanish! but .. I don't understand what you mean with "Se amo numero uno" lol
Makin momma so proud that she cryin.
Dear loud talker on quiet car: SHUT UP!!!!
Biyumbo = Ben Wallace?
are you calling my face awkward?
the idol singers?
IDGAF I JUST CAME TO PARTYY! yup that's my life now c: just gonna have fun, thats all it takes to be satisfied c:!
Kick off SPRING BREAK and an SDSU WIN! *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33! 5-packs of Tans on SALE! SDSU students get 30% OFF ANY one item!
Yes. Let's get together soon. When are you going to be in the area again? DM me and let me know.
In the trainers office... Could be more serious than I thought ! D:
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
Pist of from last night......wtf
I think they put Panda tears in the food at Panda express, your always sad after eating that crap...
you did just fine... LOL
barring injury or alien abduction, it's Yani wins vs anybody in win count.
Nice getting to hang with the Nana for a little bit today
Watching Now. Way to go Sam. Loved the video!
“We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.”
my sister better get home soon or shes gonna be in even more trouble ._.
I'll never be with anyone so I think she needs to calm down
I'm drunk and that's plenty interesting to me
forecast is for lots of traffic and asshole drivers today
I nearby declare that all further film sets I work on must have a masseuse on hand :p
#edshow Romney has buckled under to several right wing groups/ individuals. What makes anyone think he'll stand up for America?
#BestRapperAlive ..... um.... Do you mean the people who write their lines for them?
Yep - see you there!
you know its true[:
oh Jesus I'm soo exited!!!(: I love you do much!!!!(: <3333333
Use #EDGEPUBLIC for this weekend's performances at Woodruff Park, see you before 6!
yes, I don't enjoy it...
hey, that could fun
The pain goes up the left & the right still and I don't know why
- I believe having access to a persons page by friending is more than adequate. Disclosing all handles on a resume is an option too.
oh no doubt, that would be illy
New Year, New Calendar, New Organization! Hello from Colorado Firefighter Calendar, Inc. Watch this evening's news for details.
Come on down to the Farm tomorrow for Thankful Thursdays, any two top-shelf grams for a $30 donation. Look forward to seeing you all.
Absolutely! Watches are definitely #Jewelry!
LOL, MY DAD YELLED AT ME BECAUSE I HAD #SAYSOMETHIN TURNED ALL THE WAY UP WHEN HE WAS TRYING TO SLEEP. IT WAS WORTH IT(;
Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. -George Washington
REBEL u tweetin in science class bahah
I just wanna smoke weed and buy shoes!!!!
WE ARE CASTING...'Bored to Death 'an American comedy on HBO. The show stars Ted Danson as George! Call 212-391-4668
#fox13gmm I also think its arriving on the queen...
I told you Twitter's bein' a queer !
I need to start running again. Maybe we should do that.
lol I got bars but I don't serve drinks
just na getting in the house, i had a wonderful night ! just wish he was here to tuck me in like he did before afterwards ! l0l mhmm
do I know this person?(:
Ah you guys are gonna be amazing!! Id rather have a team of stars lighting up the court, than one star carrying the team!
Feels good to smile again.(:
How can a book topping the New York Times best seller list be not yet published?
Hey Leona Happy Belated Birthday to you.-Douglass Gibran
Today = better than yesterday. But still not great..
Bored → Goes to kitchen → Opens fridge → Looks inside → Leaves empty handed .
": #ItsFunny your girlfriend's taller than you.." everyone is taller than me lol
are you international? Foreign markets will eat you up....
No one better for me than you Danorush02, I will wait!!!! Come back when you are done playing around and I will make you happy!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I'm such a boy, even though I'm not. Looks like a girl, acts like a boy, that's pretty much me.
Need a better solution for your digital library/content management? Send me an email. We'd love to help!
The Kartrashains won best #webseries at The New York International Film Fest! Let's celebrate!!!
ikr...she gon be a beast when she get that age too...i know she is...
hot mouth 😂
flying back in an hour
when we put resource online, a million people can read it at same time - they don't have to compete for access.
Mention Twitter or FB & receive 15% off(offer excludes tobacco products, cigars, & Kratom)
Agreed about the full fat dairy. It really does make a difference in the final results.
and he did just that!
made mistake of opening on iGadget. My god your fingers could accidentally land ANYWHERE. Will ck later on Big Girl computer
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Am you gay?
i would but i dont think you'll have any room with all the clothes lol
RT : Shouts outs to thanks Latrellhart
RT : RT : R.I.P to the 7 year old girl that was raped and found dead in a dumpster. RT to say the same . smh hal ...
Got it! I'm running off to a picnic so I'll have to look at it later, but thanks!
Does Wegman's have no smaller-scale urban model? I've only been to them out in the country + wasn't impressed.
Alright I think they're ready for it... They've been so good... You ready?
you're Swag :P
#Depression. Cady is not here.
Got my daily email reminder from my fitness meal tracker website....while I was eating a cookie.
Women in the Virgin Islands are umm umm good
what you throwing 3K on? lol
What color were you expecting?
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!!
Ask advice from everyone, even your customers.
I have an appointment with John Casablancas modeling and acting agency (cross your fingers on that one) and just got back
Goal for 2010 - Get a branded video. Do you have yours yet?
OH FUCK HERE IT COMES.
|#quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
have you ever tried a pimento burger?
I like the new speedy WR Travis Benjamin from Miami U
Some Ppl Abuse The Power They Have When They Kno Someone Loves Them..!!
u already know what's good
long time no see!
Who's making a resolution for 2012? Tell us what you resolve to do in the New Year!
I want some Batman plugs! :D
Do you see a fun carnival on Mira Mesa where the high school is? That looks fun and hopefully the rain won't upset when it's begun.
I feel bad..
I've prayed for this moment to WITNESS these two on the same PUBLIC platform Get Ready, Ya'll! Iron sharpeneth iron!
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
So good seeing you this morning - and finally meeting Hazel! She's just as cute as can be :)
#moviesstarrinbinlaaden Weekend at Barry's
Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain, kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain. -Taylor Swift
waiting patiently for #WorldSeries game 7
HELL YES! Roast of Charlie Sheen tonight! Sorry 2.5 men...no ratings for you.
Started using Soul Cards to get spiritual messages instead of tarot. intuition is stronger without the history. does it work for you?
in the LALS class I was teaching
Yeah Kelly
Never underestimate the power of a FOLLOW-UP call/email/text... worst that can happen is that YOU MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN- toward your goal. ☀
i'm sorry that i accidentally hit you in your private parts yesterday -__-
you mean who isn't reading it!
Sucks staying up late everyone falls asleep on you,welp at least I got my country music
me neither
Who cares what straight people think?
already got Tix.
Look for us at the MJS Sports Show this weekend! We're at the Outdoor Wisconsin booth.
And if it weren't for the Brits the pickings wouldn't be so grand.
#raw10 the Eagles/Vick is whooping the Cowboys like theyr shaved head step-children wit no Future...
Kind of miss my tweets but not enough to be sucked back in. Carry on and do good!
no better place to practice your dance moves than Top Notch Bboy battle, today at Atlas Theatre H St
no sass in her courtroom mm m *sassy finger wave*
Did some1 say shenanigans?love those- even if they require clean up $ @ sumnermusolf
Thank you ;)
Snowing in the big city...time for a movie, Truffle Popcorn and bubbly!
GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS.
That gurl dropped me off at work really early and now Idk what ii do till the time cuz i board
I don't care how fucking annoying it is. I am about I add "yolo" to the end of every sentence just because I fucking can.
J.R. Smith in South Beach with no basketball left to be played. Do I have to say anything else?
I wasn't felling my best today. I've been up since 2:30am and I didn't eat. It showed in the road race
men don't notice what they got. and women think of that alot.
There will be a few t-shwrs around today, most southeast.
I feel so left out having not read the book.... *tear* LOL!
I feel like one of the people in Left Behind that gets left behind. #whyamistillhere?!
Great Hal! RT : Ok...I just signed up for my invitation to Bublish!
Lower 40 hitting the stage tonight, with our Thunder storming LA in game 3.. Come root them on, game starts at 930!
You can tell she's a good dancer by the way she drinks her soda pop.
Doesen't count: that was hiring within ;)
We'll give this new TCM doc a look (tho we fear it'll feature more recent films than we'd like). It airs tonite at 8 ET....
NP thats what we are here for
The LA Flood Project locative writers have chosen a name: LAinundacion!
got a record for u brother!
My lovers name is sleep and I get some every night. ;)
Steve Christie of the #BuffaloBills chatting with us now on
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.” – Marcel Proust
It's not not wrong to take your mom to a casino on mothers day right? Oops.
Rotchild is in the studio tonight.... You wouldnt believe your ears.... Be on the lookout for Rm12's first collab mixtape due late march....
Henderson is actually a decent right back
Congrats to for a fantastic year! Extra special props to ! You're amazing!
thank ya ma'am. hope it wasnt you causing them blackouts at the SF/PIT game, hahaha
Making cash moneys tonight
8 mile movie tonight.
If Tiger Woods has to lose his sponsors and walk away from job because of his PERSONAL marital issues
Kinda feel bad for the Mavs...they gave us a lot of memories from last year
Press conference at 1pm, wonder if Elway/Fox/Manning will be in the building at 5:30pm when I'm there for the tour???
i would of cried waving bye smh
I'm going to be on vacation until Sunday. What are you up to and planning?
dropped it on the street :( I'm like fucking devastated
it's so cold in my house. time to break out 's comfy notre dame hoodie :)
4sq day is nice and all, but it doesn't help the #mw2012 hangover for me.
Come on people.... Fat is NOT I repeat NOT SEXY!! Cover it up!
Lovely spring day we're having...
Our pleasure!
. - house on an "all out assault on the health and wellbeing of women and families in america"
follow me kidd!
i can't wait for the teen choice awards im all ready got my dress and cameron and twitter! :'} mmhm im all ready sunday babe
Traffic sucks ass
have to give a presentation on Sat. Haven't yet written it. Working on digital history project instead. Much more fun!
Even blind people can see my swag
Can't believe there is still a phonebooth! RT : There are two tickets for the show in NYC tonight in a phone booth at the ...
Ha. ": If she ain't BMW material, don't put milk in her cereal"
What were some cool, unique or funny costumes you saw over Halloween?
that place is YUMCITY
I have to listen to it a bajillion time a day :P I remember being obsessed with Party Rock Anthem during guard season haha
Floggings. Work faster!
Picking romney over Ron Paul is like a $50 mil bet on Tonya Harding in a fight against Anderson Silva; or like putting make on zoo animals
whats good bro
okay that's cool, just let me know when
APUSH test Friday
you too (:
RT Sen. Nan Rich: "I much prefer to be a champion of the middle class than the insurance industry."
Don't skimp on lasagna, the best meal ever thought of ..... Ever!!!
Wow! You HATE me?! Wait. . . Who are you again?"
Hi Janet! I'm moving to Carlsbad next week, maybe I'll meet you at SDRWA. I'm thinking of trying it out. With Orange County now.
Good morning lovely and the same to you:)!
A merger of IGN-UGO is being considered?!
Just pre-ordered 's The Shape of Design!
NO. You don't. trust me. It will end in tears.
Yes, some are.
will sit in right field, throw underoos at
I text in the shower. That's probably why my phone is so fuckered up
lmao. i thought that too
Getting ready for the Linkage Fee hearing. Hoping Friday's terrible jobs report weighs heavily on council before increasing this jobs tax!
and YES! Measurements are vastly more useful than having to try to figure out what they consider a size to be.
20 years ago today I lost my dad but my #orioles are keeping me cheered up today. All my loyalty is paying off. Finally.
Kind of creepy that Gmail noticed I used the word "attached" w/o having an attachment and asked if it was a mistake.
#ASTD2012 "good is the enemy of great" ~ Jim Collins
Cops are everywhere right now. Don't speed. Or tweet while driving, like I am.
Good luck Lobos. RT : it should be a really good game
Wednesday? It's kind of a weekly deal.
My neos are OWT!!! Congratulations to my Spring 12' Delta Zeta women of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc!!!
Very long and tiring weekend. Still trying to let yesterday settle in.
Thanks Jeremy! We know Jackie will do great!
How long have you been a Fit2Go customer?
I have already submitted yours a few times because you're a beast.
The man who has no imagination has no wings
re: cheer for the underdog
Back on the code wagon.
Via #BlendedLearning is f2f enhanced online course. Can be best/worst of both worlds.
Reading a fun book & drinking a beer with the on in the background. *sigh* :)
Hey Guys! Thanks for Liking the Page make sure you guys stay tuned so you can see all the fun things we've up too!
WTF HAPPENED GUYS
Bought a pair of child's XL shorts instead of an adult size and saved myself $10
lol. I hope u can live with yourself through the day
D. Willis has ALWAYS been a better NL pitcher than AL this would be worth a shot... don't trade prospects for him just Suppan
You can now text-to-give to Christel House! Donate $10 by texting HANDS to 20222. 100% goes to the kids! RT to spread the word!
why are you rooting for Chelsea? Seriously?
lmao at Ohio St
idk how true this is for me lol “: #Leos are the first to admit when they drunk, cause they usually in control”
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay When you can truly convince me that I am beautiful.
U Gunna b #hater cuzz you can't find a bettA job
ha. Nice to meet you as well. It was a fun evening.
Harden shouldn't be playing, especially with a headache.
women do to ma
Very true.
RT : Teen Wolf RT : When's the last time someone had a stat line like Rondo's today? I need answers.
I hope so! I doubt the cast will be intact though. Thinking Meredith will stay in Seattle, but Christina won't.
Like us on FB and see our latest Broadway by the Year pics!
Hey Kim where you been? How's Toronto? Spring I hope.
God... who's the heifer that just ate 3 donuts!
No matter how strong a person says that they are, they are fragile when it comes to their heart<3
Our website is currently down. Please feel free to contact us at 404 523 2739.
.RT : Green jobs are good jobs! See #jobs21 and for more on "good green paychecks."
I have faith that everything happens for a reason and that before I notice, this too shall pass.
I follows back lol
RT : CUNY Tow-Knight Center opening, Google's Marissa Mayer share 3 core operating principles: transparency, choice and control.
May potluck? Looking forward to it!
Looks like the #Louisville 2nd half strategy is
Layin down , with my doggy (;
What the fuck are you even talking about..
oh yea buddy
Somebody throwing hands in the Carter.
luv a girl that can cook ...
#FF follow the genital wart on the dick head of humanity
repeat and wash!!!!
“: How do you fall out of a car though? 😳”open the door
thanks for this wonderful quote from Maurice Sendak.
#FBLT - Distributor of Decorative & Industrial Plastic Sheets, Robs, Tubes, & Clear Plastic Hurricane Shutters -...
I know and she is so proud of you... SN: she changed mine too :)
Wow that's awesome, I can't see a thing!
Great dinner and bar experience tonight. Thanks Alex for a wonderful experience.
Coming off yesterday's 9-3 win over Atlanta, Pirates play St. Louis tonight 8:15 (ROOT) ...
:) what do you have going on today?
I'm playing nba2k11 my player
Good morning! Have a great day!
LaLo!! I'm learning how to use this Shit!! LoL
One of my favorites: Super Sad True Love Story by Gary Shteyngart, about a future your students are living.
Doesn't a piece of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake sound great? Stop by Firehook Bakery and enjoy a piece of heaven today!
Then listen on the computer.
indeed, but we're out of oj
An insightful series by a wonderfully savvy #teacher On Data Series finished! bit.ly/qOnrDq
Have a safe flight :)
You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. – Charles Buxton
JUST BE CAME KING LOL TXT IT!!!!! #Theonetimeintheatreclass Hahah
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way for businesses to keep clients up to date $ to build a client experience
Think strong and bold when it comes to your goals and never mind haters you have what it takes to create the life that you want to live.
Summer, Can you please come a little faster?
It's a miracle: I'm on the bus on the way to work before 9am. So naturally the bus just broke.
So many union members aren't in line with union bosses. It's like they need a union to protect them from their union.
My Body Is Ready For Boyfriend Video
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food
Thanks! Everything worked out!
#icantlivewithout MY COMPUTER!!
Another officer-involved shooting this time Salem. Both a Woodburn policeman and suspect shot. Both should be OK. Still many questions
Apparently Vince Young will be the next JP Losman...
I haven't seen WSS since I was a kid. Liked it then. Might have to watch it again.
Whatever you want - go for it. Just be certain that you have God's covering. Because with that assurance, you will hit the mark each time.
Whew... Our email service has been restored! Thanks for your patience.
Trivia tonight at 7 And #Franconia pint night!
VIVO searchlight will mine Web publications and show you individuals with similar expertise + simplifies your Web presence
I'm following them now lol XP
I'm definitely gonna be seeing you in Fay! (:
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Now I'm not one to brag, but this sopa de pollo y pozole I made for the #mexicancookoff today is amazing.
Agreed! Plenty of H2O is essential!
“: Playing some madden with my guy joe mendo”hunter told me u suck.
: & are right! There's nothing like the beauty and magic of Hana, Maui. But hey, we might be biased.
GET 50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
RT : Gov. #TomRidge: "Investing in the #IntlBudget is in our economic interests. It's in our interest to be engaged in the world."
Worried that goats are missing him while he's in Vegas
u welcome
There is an opera singer on my floor at the hotel who practices (warms up? trains?) in the mornings.
Need new texting buddies! Anyone?
Flying to Kc for my pops birthday. He don't even know yet
Ha ha!!! That's wassup!!
Had a lot of fun being part of tonigh's #iaawest panel, thanks for having me!
Starting off on scout is a good way to move up!
I always wanted a brother to have a beer with. Only boy here but my sister is a big ol lesbian, does that count?
how is that depressing?
more them 40% of people who jump the hoan and hit the water survive...just hope you don't get stuck in the mud
Up in the Big Studio Grinding with were about to heat this summer up
Sierra Club calls on Rockefeller to stop coal ash amendment - State Journal
THANK YOU! :)
Just scored a great interview with on the Obama gay marriage announcement... post TK!!
Sen Leising - needs to be a better way to punish students than a free vacation
I am ready for some
Whoo! Just like that Day One of #SDCChi is over. Looking forward to tomorrow!
Training can absolutely help the bottom line. The trick is having that mindset when designing training programs.
is speaking the truth right now
is on a twitter rampage!!!
Maybe the mouse needed it more than you? I guess that means it is time to take my food home every day, huh?
Turn to your local PBS station and see some of out skaters live on tv!
my family is too sweet
pizza's never a good choice if you wanna stay fit tho :P
hey fluffy vato I kno a place for some bomb azz #Tacos when ur here in #Denver ill buy just hit me up
Central Coast Marathon: Course PB « A One-Live Cat&#39;s Life
that shirt is super cute! #AKapproved :)
Are there any cloud-computing technologies you or your company are using?
Ok so we've retweeted a lot of great resources and info on school uniforms, tell us what you think? Coupons coming soon!
strech before you get down.. s Duh
Thanks, Lyne. Hope you're doing well. I'm going to miss you guys in CA this year!
CSI&#39;s New Program Opens New Possibilities in Baking and Pastry Arts
Happy New Year to all of my old friends and all of my new ones. Thanks for a great year! On to 2012, because it is going to be INCREDIBLE!
there was a word blank section, the little math part, and then you just had to say whether the things decreased or increased!
Staff pet portraits this morning for part of a Public Engagement project. Many cute dogs. Word is a hamster is on the way.
Shuffle board gets nasty? RT Santorum just said the shuffle board game is "getting nasty now"
it's too early for these sex chat commercials..moms coming downstairs thinkn I'm watching porn lol
Smokin weed makes the pain go away
i need a twitter friend to..so hi
#WeAllNeed alone time with chocolate
Looks killer! What are hammer strength though?
Would have been cool to see! ": Jennerstown WAS a sweet dirt track until about 1987 #HomeTrack"
lucky so where do u live?
The first ever #AnthonyShadid award for Journalism Ethics will be given out at the end of an outstanding #uwethics conference.
LMAO! You should see him on the high dive!
Don't judge my journey until you've walked my path
I'd do anything to make you feel my love.
Done with work.
Drinks with good friends.
Hey! New acct. - hope you're having a great time w/fam in NJ!
Representing the #EliteHoopsfam well in every workout is #LivingByNumbers obsessed
Anybody out there get to see the Supermoon- or any moon at all last night? Nothing but clouds here.
What a crazy morning. I want a do-over! Starting w/ a breakfast from #SUBWAY. How are you all?
Whoa I suddenly became R E A L L Y _ T I R E D
Sure, please email Yu Sze at the School of Management at this email: ysang [at] nyit [dot] edu. Hope that helps...best of luck!
Jobless claims are at the lowest levels in 4 years and the S&P closed at the highest level in 4 years.
The Marq (Austin, Tx) Tonight. 5th n Congress. I Hit the decks at 10p.m. See you there.
Mr Sean Hannity, you are dispicable. Im a Constitutional conservative in support of the Occupy Movement
At some point in between now and Saturday morning, need to get out and find a pair of tennis sneakers that fit; current pair is shredded.
Mojo's World is waiting for YOU!!!! :)
I got your cd today woohoo
where did u buy that?!
and lots of fun and shenanigans will commence. :)
I would like to sit down and talk to you more about your efforts in Baltimore City. Can you DM your email?
Love how puts it all out there ha ha
How do you - IT followers of ours - find product and marketing content that is relevant to you & your purchase timeframe? How can we help?!
the suits in NC are a bunch of punks... they been hating on us for years. Let's go somewhere else.
Thanks for your support! We appreciate it.
I will be posting the interview from this morning later this afternoon! Thanks for coming on, Arthur!
Very sad Vincent D'Onofrio & others not returning for Law&Order:CI. Loved that character. Golblum will have to step up or jump the shark
I was also concerned when I first saw Up. But at least they got the sad part out of the way early.
Hm, I need a cuddle x
I am bro, the heat will win, watch.
Like its kindred, the pickle. Except this was a full-size cucumber.
How is Young fitting in with the Coogs?
"I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate them" "forgive your enemies bt never forget their names"
Om have mercy save me from the public. This has been one crazy day in the CR. Computers full, kid needing help w/ science project - GAH!
Day of Silence was pretty good
I will never say never (never never never) Um ok how many times are you gonna say never before you stop saying never ???
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse-->
Yay! Thanks for the follow :) I'll start juggling, yes sir! Time for a drink too.Yes I can juggle while drinking.
Everyone go follow and get her to 36k!<3 :)
Well looks like David Ortiz was on the Juice too. Damn. Maybe everyone will give him a free ride like Manny.
Thanks for the mention!
I love late research papers. Is it Friday yet?
weird...and pretty amazing. who could be friends w/ that guy and not say...shave ur brows yo!
I like this pic of you. Very Pretty.
Just submitted my proposal for #saa12's Student Poster Session. Keep your fingers crossed for me! #doyouhearthatarchivesgods?
idk I was hoping we could hang out someplace fun & if you could wear your batman t-shirt;) <3
He who is proficient is learning, but deficient in morals, is more deficient than proficient.
yay, back at you:)
Baby's soccer game again tonight! 
4 ppl (incl.h ) re: #China & #Chen when U say this is a sad day 4 freedom do U recant UR wishes 4 #Cuba 2 return #AssataShakur?
I'm sure you aren't surprised that Kris Humphries & Kim Kardashian are divorcing but are you surprised Kim is the one filing for divorce?
great movie.. Devil Wears Prada...
We hope everyone has been staying warm this winter! Love you guys!!
Ouch! I think it likes the lavender scented candle I light in my office.
So Justin hit a paparazzi with his book bag for interrupting his convo with a fan? Hfinwloknfhfjb NEVER MESS WITH BIEBS.(;
ass beating? (:
if anything you were mean to me </333 but thank you for that tweet main that was nice .
lol guess what's on tomorrows list lol
I CANT STOP SHAKING OMG 35 MORE MINUTES
Do you believe in unicorns ? How do you feel about penguins ? Ohh and Kangeroos ??? :p
#WordPress #Tools AWSOM Pixgallery – Designed to allow artists and webcomic creators to create a portfolio of their artwork.
You never realize how much you love someone until they're actually gone.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
fell asleep on me... What a girlfriend...
nice meeting you too! Im gonna check out your stuff for sure!
Insanity day 2 = dead!
Tempted by the fruit of another..
Reserve & Small Batch Wines are Open Today at Grove! Reserve Chard, Ensemble, Syrah, Malbec, etc. can b tasted 4 price of regular tasting.
Hey girl! You've got our support, We're a producing company. I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your own name. - Joan Rivers
Postponing a fight is not abandoning it. Progressives have become complacent, naive.
Hey Tori. can you by chance email me? I need to ask u something.
Next time I'm just going to answer & go off
where dem based boys
you got an amazing voice :)
This is a fact. RT : Men with long hair typically have better style.
asdfghjkldsx i get to see my girlfriend tomorrow! we're going to firewheel! :))
It's May when are you coming here ?!
My dad just had the WORST voice crack ever! Hahahaaaahahahah
We've got a running clock here, heading to the 4th: Arapahoe 12, Monarch 0 in the boys lax quarters.
Grand Rapids - I love drinking all your PBR
$SYNC at 10.52 after hours... dammit, should've held my position at 9.57... oh well. It's on my watchlist for tomorrow for sure!
Don't tell anyone I pay you to say these nice things. :)
I love you, everythings gonna be alright :,)
She can't see the way your eyes light up when you smile.
pineapple, pear, lime or same recipe but add kale
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others
You're welcome friend! Didn't want to leave you out ;)
Good Morning! Yesterday was a beautiful day! Planted Spinach in greenhouse & trimmed plants in butterfly garden. Today is beautiful too!
the enemy hates the LIGHT. BLESSED ARE YE WHEN YOU ARE PERSECUTED FOR GOD'S SAKE.
I loved that book! Great choice.
here I always thought I was cool cause I knew it. thanks for bursting my bubble.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you
Good to have ya back RT : Feels good to be back in #BBN!
Hm. I love Bryant Park & summer movies & concerts! But I LOVE Brooklyn Bridge. The bridge is stationary poetry.:-)
"A Man's Heart Plans His Ways, But The Lord Directs His Steps." -Proverbs 16:9
I have "You're A Jerk" stuck in my head! 😜
Ok. This is set up for all my clients to log workouts and general questions. But the games gonna start and gotta watch my packers kick butt!
Hope you stayed till the end
COOL - that will keep the Cops in DC busy as many from ADAPT were arrested in the Cannon Bldg.
Some days you just wake up and ask yourself "where the hell did I leave my cape?"
“: Just tried the pork belly AND jerk chicken at #baoPDX... So juicy and tender. Keep it coming !” thank you, sir!
I mean, he wrote Moments, which makes me want to cry my eyes out, which I mean in the best way possible.
Wishing everyone safe travels home from NOLA and #sla2010!
Congrats on becoming Communications Vice President! #transitiontime :)
Darby lived up here in Indy for a few years while her hubby finished med school. Went to my church! :)
is amazing. But oi. The gift shop = dangerous.
that's the spirt! :D
you are slippin on the recruiting, no lie.
plane ticket on me, guest bedroom open?
Dressed in all black today.
Sitting here bu ashley.
I love u
LOL why you jumping around? :L
Scary harbinger for my paper in 2 hours: Pages autocorrected "digital pedagogy" to "digitalis agh." Should I just give up now? #
#beenThere --->>> “: The awkward moment when you say good night on twitter but don't stop tweeting.”
:) you can't hate me because everybody loves me
Thanks lady.
"hairs to you" Lisa Shrigley (as I raise my glass of gold coins)
miss my brother.
Tending Topic Chief Keef Ft Soulja boy
Here we go Jet
wait until you see JT diving save last night.
I look forward to your tweets! Yes, please come by and check us out. In addition to facials and waxing, we offer nail care too!
im like on some excitement ish like they my lil bros...
Chillin bouta get in traffic, wit Mamiv an Ms.Chocolate drop Leah lmao! What are y'all doin???
Thank you for introducing me to Clementine paints! Sigal loves them
i just really love when you ignore me..
unless it strikes you
For media. Fox sports will have on net.
OMG! just blocked a 3 being shot by...A SEVEN FOOTER!!! WOW!!!
Madison Public Library Video Game Championship TONIGHT @ Goodman Community Center! Come cheer on all the great Teen Participants!!
Your face is just fine, but you might want to put a bag over that personality.
Wow!! Tweet the NYT link when it's out!
Bones Jones real deal
Heading to PHX in the AM. Ready to do work style with San Diego's Newest #TeamCREW's team mate Jessica R!
Just signed up for a floral trends class at Phipps Conservatory!
T^T This makes me so sad. RT : Way too many women in paris wear uggs
Our Mission is to be a leader in the fight against breast cancer while providing the highest quality nutritional supplements.
hmm not your average sighting downtown...
"I'm sure it has already reproduced by now, and there's millions of them in our house!" "That's Chinese people, not spiders." xDDD
Live Nation&#39;s Kick-Ass Concert Calendar Recommends You Gigs ...
I'm glad u beat Natasha up and I still got the video that you wanted me to record that's what u get natasha u fucking bitch
Bro thanks a lot for last night! We owe you big time!
everyone hates fanny pak jesus
RT: Tomorrow's #mediachat guest is and topic will be SM from a
does this defining silence mean nothing to no one but me
oh aiat this is why i love you XD <3
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month. has 62 serving many D1 schools in bball. Can u use them for tourney?
Merry Christmas to you!
I have to admit that I miss having snow on the ground today... Merry Christmas.
wondering if you could help market our one chance initiative apparel. WWW.brotherapparel.com
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Smokin a fat one watchin Avengers
EVERYONE LOVE SOMEONE.
posting a million different statuses when it rains ONE day .
Listening to The Shins new album streaming in iTunes.
LOL my phone broke
Im waiting for you to tweet the link for your music vidoe!(: #WhatsTheHoldUp ? (: lol <33 follow me?
Of course! You don't have to worry bout the dress tho ;-)
Sun going down. Birds singing songs of thanks for the end of a scorching day. If I could sing, I'd join them...
There is still time to enjoy get your ticket to the BINGO extravaganza! Up to $2,450 in prizes. You may even see Peter Cottontail come...
Great connecting with city/county managers at #ICMA Annual Conference. ALA is at Booth 731, and I'm presenting tomorrow p.m.
Officially on vacation!
RIP Adam Yauch :(
Hope to see you soon! :) RT : i could go for some in northside right about now! Yum!
#DRINK PLENTY OF FLUIDS
Totally agree.
Tomorrow starts the jump off to the new night Lost Leaf!!! "The Rewind" I'll post more info when I get to a comp!!!
hey im so bored im at my dads and hes at work till 7:30 tomarrow so im like here alone
Yup RT : Or in flushing!
I ain't rude I'm real!
my Droid twitter app says I'm similar to you.... I don't get it
hates... No... Loathes being sick! At least Im home and not at school... But still being sick stinks!
": go red sox!!" Yuck i hate them more then any other team in the league
Our office got that memo. Bubble wrap everywhere! : Bubble wrap was originally designed to be used as wallpaper.
>>>MLM News! ZeekRewards( New Company Listing )
The "expose" on the attendance record of and makes the paper sound like an organ of the local GOP.
soy cheese? I am intrigued
Switching to Google+? No character limit.
Thanks for the awesome service and produce. And with that: end kvell. :)
Pop-Up Dinner "Winter Spirits" coming soon....
FBCD breakout ALERT!!!
Hey will, how's it going?
Batten down the hatches next month
Hey you know it's National Pretzel Day?? LOL. Take care of my boy in
there are 75k sq ft of old streetcar tunnels under dupont circle. no one really knows what to do with them. any ideas?
THIS SUNDAY THE HOTTEST COLLEGE PARTIES! @ XCLUSIVE SUPERSTAR ENT. LADIES FREE TO 10:30!
To truly be able to give to others you must first be able to give to yourself!
Taking my son to his wheelchair basketball game this evening in Southfield, Michigan. GO THUNDERBIRD!
Looks like I may never see my old house again! Gonna be moving my grandma to Katy, and I don't get to drive by it when seeing my sb frenz
Be successful because you deserve it!
yes I think I have!
thanks!! It would look good on a new mb pro! How'd the taping go?
Happy Womb Liberation Anniversary Celebration!!!
Thank you. So far so good!
damn yo I'm not that g status. I got a Christmas charity event I gotta play on Friday.
I'm Bleeding All Over The Place...Somebody Help Me
i know this is alot to ask but can you follow me back? please xx
And thus concludes my four month Twitter hiatus.
I am like the biggest smart-ass on #twitter yet still not famous! It's a sad and dirty story ;)
what? link?
Or worse yet, Detroit.
Moms & dads, want to give your young athletes a leg up against the competition, let the pros at Flo Fusion Fitness get them there
Thanks for the #followfriday shoutout last week. We're always glad to make connections with Oregon artists. Have a great week
how can I get a replacement if I lost mine?
Down to a couple weeks before I ship to basic! If you wanna see me before I leave, hit me up!
#jesusShuttlesworth RT : Ray Allen looks Exactly like he did 15 yrs ago Lol
A book, tight shut, is but a block of paper. - Chinese proverb
I want an ass job RT : I WANT A FUCKING BOOB JOB ))))):
Gotta get some new pillows...
laying down in bed with my dog just relaxing :)
Thanks for the follow! :-)
Im not trying to hate on Belibers but some, notice i said "SOME", of you need to #SIT \_____________________/
Yay! Maddy's taking a nap. Probably going to give my stinky dog a bath.
Lol! He said; Ya grandma gotta tooth in her booty. lmao!
you haven't melted in this year's summer heat?
Catch me tomorrow night from 11:30pm to 1:30am spinning at Relay for Life at ! Come show support!
Here is how to win a autograph! Send a picture of where you would hang up the autograph if you win. Contest ends at 7pm
yeah, you're probably right. :p *shrugs* oh well.
awww hi to babes! Have fun and yes, let's def get together soon...for REAL xoxo
RT How to write: 1) Put ideas on paper. 2) Remove boring parts. 3) Repeat as necessary.
CRJ had a great time at 's Celebration for Kids this Saturday night! Great event RRFK!
then we could go to the woods n get caught by a bear.
: Michelle Tafoya just asked Urban Meyer,"What's going on in your heart and in your head right now?"
now that's funny!
Thanks, Attila! I appreciate the RT. Catch ya tomorrow!
Oh yeah, I'm just ROLLING in dough.
Against Me!, Tom Gabel
5 pg paper due in and 1 1/2 hrs and I'm on page 3, but I know how to change the period font so I ain't worried.
I somehow end up seeing the lucky one again....
i think Blaise is knocking woods planks out of the fence to speak with the neighbors and their pooches...funny
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
It's more furniture being moved around...we're getting there, though! I did a lot of work on books last week. :)
"Oprah's OWN network has lost $330 Million, expected to be axed within year..." The Obama Effect?
So all those morning of throwing up the pains in my tummy, yep I'm prego, what's weird is I was still having my period
Knowledge is learning something every day. Wisdom is letting go of something every day ~ Zen Proverb
I'm just gonna back down. Ya know? Stop trying & see if you'll step up & text me like you used to. I mean I had surgery & felt like crap and
Happy Valentines Day everyone :3 - Ryon
it's my birthday and I would love a happy birthday from you <3
“: Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!” thank you Melvin quite the honor
This Spanish essay is hardest.
"...but my brain knows better. it picks you up and turns you around."
@ the crib chillin wit the mommzzzzzzzz
Words have creative power => What have you created today?
as it should!
A bitch nigga I don't like...
Lots of things misses about space, including the beautiful view of earth and seeing thunderstorms from above.
belly just said " I LOVE YOU TOO MUM" YAY YAY YAY! so proud of my big girl! greatest feeling ever hearing your baby tell you she loves you:]
idk if I approve either....I'm having nice emotions about this....
- awesome choice of bands for Opening Party at for
Cheers! RT : Our MT friends this week!
Good to know. Was thinking of trying tumblr out but maybe not.
Best threat! I don't wish you death, I wish you a hundred million Renee's in your life.
I love u so much!!! Please come back to VA we miss u so much <3
Modern Home Tours Returns To Denver
Enjoying New Orleans and its French Quarter and the shops on Canal!
jeggings as formalware at Helen Hayes? Ironic pants worn ironically?
funny you should say that. after a page by page perusal last night, orange cake is at the top of my list!
When there is no one on the dance floor maybe its time to change it up a lil hint hint!!
Omg so bored my cuzins r so interesting in playing Football out side! Should i go play football with them!?
I hope Brittany Davis made the cut!!
Making the painful journey back home. So very tired.
hibiscus cured duck breast and more! On our way to the #CB Grand Opening party!
This creepy person is texting me and their saying its you... is it? lol
We are going to have a food tasting at Absolute Results Gym on Jan. 21, 2012 from 2pm-5pm. 3520 Pan American Frwy NE Ste. E.
We will be back open tomorrow!! Hope everyone is having a great New Years day!
This kid...
Struggles with control but a good pick up. Was a starter on 2007 Rockies WS team. Set up guy.
New phone!! Ughh finally!
Strong move from puts the #Clippers back up by 1
follow me and direct message me your #
Do you ever get on skype? Lol
where is it taking place?
Almost finished for today.
stupid autocorrect.. -.- & no! I fell off my bed!
u didnt follow me yet.. (:
I think they did
We are. We went to national train day event in Cary, and then took my mom out to lunch at Mimi's Cafe. It was good.
Whoa what an amazing 24 course meal!
soon! We're working on not only getting all the designs but all the stuff to actually stock it with. But it'll be ready soon
New mixtape coming soon, Producers please send some fire to
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
thanks for the follow! Rutgers is one of my continuing and professional education clients, love working w/ your institution!
Loving TRX training!!
I wish I had the idea for your cousin Cop to tweet from Carlyle back in the day. brilliant!
Adv nitrox completed. Feels pretty good. Much thanks to and we had a blast. Now on to deco next week bad a$$
It's a Pioneer Square rite of passage. Go once, and never again.
Cool! Thanks for checking it out! it was fun.
I got a hot date with tonight. Who's jealous?!? Huh?
We only talk in class. NOT outside of class or school.
Fcat fried my brain today-__-
FAB Friday's Up. Live music w/Todd Tijerina, FREE taco bar and drink specials from 5:30-8:30. DJ 12 Tribe from 9-close. Hip Hop, R&B
Prepping for our March newsletter. Have some great new offerings on the way. Stay tuned!
Can't wait till I can afford a PA. is already hired at that point. <3
Better check urself before u wreck urself
Just go my check and its GONE already! :(
Got to plan this rbkids event
Painting my nails . Cheerleading was so tough tonight ! But fun at the same time , ♥
Woah u have 15K+ followers! I remember when u had like 2K!!! :o congrats<3
DAMN HOT HOT HOT
Why is it Sunday already 😖
Lost for words. Who cares anyways? Heading back to bed.
ONLY THE STRONG MAKE IT!
Wait, I have a serious question. Are futon mattresses full of LEAD?
Ck our #fb page & caption a fan photo! Clever, funny, positive caps could win a VIP pass to the relay on.fb.me/n3rv3v Have fun!! :)
