It's Friday evening and we've got some openings for tattoos and piercings so come by and get one and get 10% off too!
#Truth. I thought was 55 until
We are here at the Friars Club mingling at Power Play!
Gave a homeless guy some french fries at lunchtime, I didn't need them...
Is anyone using Bento for anything of any real inherent value? I'd like to know of a use for it that might apply to what I need.
Wow...that was great. Couldn't help tears for my champions.
As Boulder velodrome closes, Erie becomes heart of track cycling
#fridayreads John Byrd's pick: The Hunger Games
Keep your ears open to KTFM for Try Out's new commercial. Wed. now Drag night! club open to 18 & up crowd. BYOB
The "Contagion" soundtrack makes me wanna build spaceships.
Had a great weekend, but now I'm worn out & no chance of sleeping in til saturday.
It was good whT about yours
I believe it is a four-legged beast that gallops in a rapid manner.
Was not expecting a Clooney/Crystal kiss or a moment. This is promising... #Oscars"
Thanks for a tremendous #API conference and speakers, I'm always so impressed with the incredibly smart/talented team
"All cruelty springs from weakness." ~ Seneca
Scripting-heavy project; PHP is driving me crazy. Anyone have an opinion on Python vs. Ruby?
How's that for DC stupidity-prohibit drilling to drive cost of gas up to encourage us to use electric cars, then hit us with a tax.
directing,writing, & producing..Hey Jerry I'm from Motown too.
Except for not seeing oomf.
Hey Bianca! If you rebloged this , I swear I'd cry. Stay Beautiful! :) x
#DodgeballTournament. I'm not promising I will catch the ball, but I will be the first to run and pick up the ball. I hope we win!
Withey finally finishes without trying to bounce it first!
We're getting a lot of gluten-free Mother's Day orders. Especially Red Velvet.
There are other things, but that was all I could fit in 140 characters!
dude idk what happened twitter just randomly deleted some of the people I was following its so weird
Sometimes you have to push the reset button and start over. Don't let your history stop your destiny!
stomach extremelies hurts but ma bout to eat..believe that much...yum yum...lol
Rick Steves marathon on PBS. Beware!
PH&#39;s to Canada from orbitnutrition
So I think Destiny Fulfilled album is my summer music....I love that music!!!!
“: such a talented chef and wonderful person!”you rock Florida girl thanks your pretty good yourself
That shows how much she knows.
does krugman practice for charlie rose by talking to his cats about the central bank and pawsterity
Election was pretty brilliant too
i love you so much
waking up to an empty house though <<
#inlove she just doesn't know how much i really love her
For me to take time outta my day to aknowledge you you've gotta earn it otherwise ..keep it moving !
Damn Russell Westbrook jus dunked on Jason Terry!!!!
Thank you babygirl! We just sat down in the theater. :)
saw Elizabeth Taylor in the 70s when she was Mrs. John Warner. She was a special guest speaker at a local scifi convention down in Roanoke.
thank you so much. But I don't think I'm "beautiful". I think I'm worthless, and loving myself is something I shouldn't do
whats up bro?
had a blast today.. that was so much fun..
agree :) happy mothers day!!
I guess people do have the power to manipulate people, AGAIN & AGAIN! They never realize it to the end. I'm done with that crap.
Thinking that the #Office has
Well I wonder what other "wonderful" crap people can throw at me now! Bring it! I have delt with it for years go on and test me some more!!
havnt made any in a bit...
which one the one that doesnt understand no
Yay, having a #sisterday wit Haven't seen my sis in so long wit all the jobs...can't wait!!! :)
They need to get rid of the sparkles table.. I keep buying jewelry
We appreciate it! RT : just finished my responses for their new brochures! Just have to find some photos.
Pulling for Dullihan & Hanson in #kyderby today
lol watch the titanic backwards it look like a magical ship that save people.
“: Shout outs to !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Started latin weekend of with a blast!!!” Look forward for more events to rock out!
thats old news though
We have a couple of very nice beer pairing dinners coming up this week...Pairings aren't for just wine anymore (at least not in Milwaukee)!
Don't come into my life if you're not going to be a positive influence.
choosing songs to work on next week in LA I think we've narrowed things down to the top five, ready to roll.
ha! does this mean you want to learn to hack the intarwebs?
can you follow me
thanks. You can email me at caferrara at ipresent.net
Ken are you involved with the Burn Center?
Goodnight Tweeters!! <3
Woo my bed is calling me!
omg no way ahaha
very beautiful, Emma. Can't wait to read.
I live here?
next time mo bailing at 530. I had to drink thru 3 rounds of people last night ;)
I saw August and immediately thought August Burns Red.
Just heard TV report that #ericmcclure has talked to the emergency workers, so that's great news!
Is there a retail location in Raleigh where your wine can be purchased?
I just want to be alone. Understand that.
I don't disagree about Webb. But who is a better option right now?
In The Car With My Sister <3
Quick Old Update: We are now #USC Talent Management, from USC Employee Recruitment Services. You like the new name?
i biff everything i eat. #carlproblems . let's trend it.
I, for one, have been pure ever since.
10-0 run and Saras is killing them, sorry make that 17-0 run now and what was Burstein doing starting this game
Thank you to for sponsoring the delicious lunch at the MAGNET winter meeting.
Good morning everyone LoooL
it's hiding really well!!! It's exausting, but I'm not giving up!
BBQ: Famous Dave's. Every other BBQ place in Omaha is better.
Wow, thanks! Honored to be put alongside &
#SAForum2012 innovation is key in solving public health problem in African countries
This hoe is a cornball
Stoudemire is ASS 😂
u know Jennifer Hudson has a hit song out "I Got This" same as your title this coming Sunday. Have u heard it?
this haha the commercial where the guy goes "house hold bleach" i died cause i would do it for perfect bright white teeth
Dr. Hodes's movie is about his work doing spinal surgery that saves children from lives of exile - and he has adopted several of them.
Haha no worries see you soon. It's the one that's next to the ex Ultimate Electronics store.
we should plan it for next Sunday, noonish
Sitting on my bed about to do my homework :/
I sure could go for an burger right now...
you got my hopes up Cody, lol. But I'll be watching you next week. ;)
I think a mutiny is about to form at this post office
#aam2012 Moth presentation intro by soulful cello. Changed whole vibe of conference for me
Yo ! Are you at the game?
Well, that is good news!
One question about the Time porn cover; Is that kid wearing moonboots?
Confession #4: When I'm on Facebook, I only go there to read everything on my News Feed
Idaho: Boise State is still exploring its options for a 13th football game in 2012, but the Broncos are unlikely to play Arkansas in...
Glad to be home this week for episode
On Halloween, the parents sent their kids out looking like me.
Emily is trained in French & Japanese floral design and is well-versed in the Victorian Language of Flowers. Expect dramatic centerpieces!
When people fuck up over and over then whine about the consequences
Spurs are the definition of unselfish basketball.
Thanks a lot man. We have a few things on the business side of things to tie up and than we will talk. I really...
How did it go? If I had seen this earlier I would have said good luck. Retroactive good luck!
headed out to shoot interview with miss kathryn willis on history of joan glancy/gwinnett medical center Foundation
I just realized the last dance the boyz dance to on season6 was pitbull, and so was the song they came back to!
The answer to life, the universe and everything else?
lol isn't that the truth, how's mufasa?
I was driving to
“: your pic look like u miss Kim kardasina” really
Computer World Party!
Omw to work
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated
new it:)
The climax <3
Fashion isn't something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in sky; in street, fashion has to do with ideas-way we live, what happens-CC
3,000th tweet is dedicated to myself. Cause that's all I have in life...well,and god.
and got a good thing going on here every Thursday....just sayin
THE TOWN WAS THE WORST MOVIE/ACTING
When all else fails, admit I was right.
wait, why not?
Overtime.... hm another 1-2hrs would be awesome
Dominating//RT : #okstate has completed conference play in 4 sports in 2011-12, and what does it have? 3 Big 12 titles.
Things Get Harder And Harder By TheDay ..
I only like the chorus of Bella Thorne's TTYLXOX. Everything else is stupid & doesn't rhyme.
I'm becoming quite the little crafter these days 😏
Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter
past about others.
While I was concerned about changes, it looks like I'll be teaching the same thing next year. Only better, of course.
jcwestern is having a HUGE SALE in both stores 50%OFF SALE please call for more info at 561-748-8801
that's really my uncle
If patience is a virtue then I should be voted most virtuous.
#FF #FollowFriday RT : If the detective says "She was last seen on Google+...," you're never seeing your daughter again.
welcome home ;)
Real accounts with original tweets: Fake accounts that cut-n-paste from them: #BLAST :P
That's the best internal giggle I have ever had.
Man da #empire gone be dumb tonight ....I got people coming from out of town
Shopping at Ross on a Saturday is like free birth control.
It was SO nice to have a drink with Elaine & Stephanie at an "Irish pub" tonight! We ordered fries, they drizzled top ramen sauce on them!
Trivia Time - How many vehicles in the KIA line-up have MPG ratings over 30MPG? What do you think? Can you name them all?
1st cousins right
It's Tank Time!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's an In Studio Jam with r&b singer Tank right now on the TJMS!
not if you're blitzed out of your mind...
you better be wide awake come game time!!!
That awkward moment when u get out of the shower walk outside with only a towel on and there's some random ass kid der. Smfh.
Hopefully himself...
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Enjoy this day!
I love the omg girls cause of style
whats good! What have you been working on?
Seriously everyone needs to shut the fuck up before I snap
Ugh... I so enjoy being at work today. Looking forward to having lunch with though :)
Tonight's GOP Debate, tomorrow's State of the Union Address and Willard releasing his tax returns. A great 24 hrs. for political junkies.
- Obama's jobs package includes some long-term implications to consider
their sexy and they know it!
Not trying to go to work today but need the money can't wait til #payday and it's on
it's okay! Thanks tho love:)
NO i just went on your profile and happened to see that xD...and oh okay....and well go on son! xD
Zimmerman's Lawyers Just Quit they lost contact with him
": RT #grateful my health / my children / my strength // my friend " I <3 u
aw thank you Julie! I'll leave style blogging to the pros like you :)
We Are Fearless!
I'm convinced Romney's candidacy is performance art. There's simply no way a person can be that dense.
Radio personality for the Brazilian hour radio , is telling us about his work, centered around parternships. Any questions?
Anyone going anywhere fun for lunch today? Mind if I join?
Just wanted to say hey!:-) Hope u & Eddie r havin a great week. :-)
maybe he is a magician?
why do ygaf I don't
who's wanting to get a group to go down to sauvies next weekend? :)
"Now The Old King Is Dead, Long Live The King" - Viva La Vida (Coldplay)
Forgot I had this thing!
#SAGAWARDS Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series is the cast of... Boardwalk Empire... meh
;) otherwise known as sideways smiley face wink
Guys, always maintain eye contact when you're talking to her. It let's her know that you are only paying attention to her.
What is good about having many qualities and skills if you lost hope in succeeding after failing once or twice?
ppl hate because of those things...explain why? thats a reason to hate him?? its not like he is not trying?
Going to the bottom of the 9th, it's still Blinn 1 Galveston 1. Galveston coming to the bat
haha thanks! I hope I love it too!!
grr! Can't read it from my cell phone. Doesn't support mobile phones yet.
It's a mad house in here!!!
an hd kind lol its pretty nice lollol
I don't claim to know what's happening, but I know people who do. Oliver Stone couldn't cook up the shit that's happening.
I feel the pressure cause I'm already 26 but I couldn't have done this any earlier.
you'd be perfect. <33
My first thought after finishing those bean & cheese tacos at lunch: "I wish I had more bean & cheese tacos." Stupid delicious tacos.
The flight control app game is addictive!
That cast changed thr dynamic of our D late in the season. Glad it's off.
Yep. In a few hours it will just get even more awesomer.
Starcraft would be perfect on a tablet. I'm surprised Blizzard hasn't released it for iPad.
Happy Mothers Day Keda!
RIP DAD I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ILL SEE U AGAIN SOMEDAY
why didn't anyone ask his dogs name and what kind it is?
The #LaCorte marinara recipe from Sicily is on the stove. In 8 hours there will be sauce and meatballs for a Father's Day feast.
There are 300 million people in the US and 130 million of them have at least one chronic health condition.
Friends: quality not quantity. While trying to make the world love you, the most important people are usually brushed to the side.
Booked a role on a Disney pilot!! 2nd booking of 2012.
also, saw some people from church camp and a guy who reminded me we knew each other from a weekend a few years ago coined "no pants padre"
its not even a wee bit sad that's what we get excited about these days
In an effort to make Fantasy Basketball more realistic, the NBA now allows owners a 2 day voting period on whether or not to Veto a trade!
yep. We have a current lit section with rentals plus stuff we buy (usu contemp lit like murakami).
Webbie - like that.
I know it is early, but I am HAMMERED! Time to pick my bets for Sunday!
Thanks Dave. Maybe you can leave the key under the flower pot when you get a chance
Being a man sounds difficult. (Other than having greater professional mobility and control of your own reproductive rights).
Guess what my grandma just said about Nutella: "Those flippin' hazelnuts are a pain in the ass!"
I WANT TO SHOP. O:
If hes hand-making my pizza, I'm going to demand another pizza MT : The guy in these Papa Johns commercials is really f'in creepy
Audio is working great
Happy Spring Equinox! Great time 4 setting intention 4 spring. What do u really want 2 accomplish by summer? See it happening.
Time to de-paste my legs. Slapped on SPF 30 and I'm reading in my kindle outside. And no, it's not 50 Shades, you perv!
We're mentioned in #TheInformationDiet on pg 145. Awesome! Go buy the book. Thx .
Photoshoot Update: Your photos look amazing! We can't wait for you to see the catalog! We all miss you!
"He was a wise man who invented beer." -Plato
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Today, trade in coffee has a large economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary goods.
you are the man ;-)
Quote of the Day: No man is a failure who is enjoying life. - -- William Feather
follow back?
My cousins are here...too much movement going on for me...gotta check shit out
If you really want to know about mistakes you should ask your parents
“: Watching Friends =]” best show ever!!!
“: What #bike was the star of last night.
Glen is making me drink Bud Light Lime-A-Rita. It tastes worse with every sip
May 26th show in San Jose at nickel city RT if u wanna go :) tickets are 10 bucks. Come on people support local music :)
S/O to my new follower.FOLLOW HIM!! DM me for my music
Why does Gale look like Evgeni Malkin
Hey #SeaMonkeys I have arrived safely in my home. Thank you et al for an amazing
2012 Goal #1: Finish the Louisville Ironman in under 10.5 hours. Conceive, believe, achieve. #ironmantri Registration still open
We should get some Hulk hands.
Well I do. I want flowers. Today, dammit. Or tomorrow. Or the next day. Or whenever, you know.
Excited! #elbulli tonight! Never made it to the original, but trust will do an incredible job!
"This is like a Prince video." LMAO
still livid about the #squealoffortune. Subscription officially ran its course and I'm out. Thanks for the good times. cya rs.
...decided on a movie with a ballerina...
U suck quit acting like ur good
OK - Thanks, I didn't see it and wondered about her. I heard some of his Dad on the news.
thanks for that wonderful tweet!
Zomg a dinner break with a lot chips... Everyone in my house playing today also still in
Police are massing at Northwest Community Mental Health Center at 2354 N Milwaukee Ave in Logan Square.
Where's Lola At!? happy easta sexy bitches!
according to the official "Am i singing handbook"
There is a direct relationship btwn the # of ball reversals and the resulting # of defensive breakdowns...so many young plyrs dnt get this
I'm glad I have a best friend like ! Idk what I'd do without herr!!
day 4 of squatting at my sisters apt... soo why not run to the liquor store again?
heading to the printing house. guys if you want to sample your designs call me.
Just a few chocolate cupcakes left. More carrot Get yours. Corner of 13th and Hott.
would love to see you tweet your plans
Ok sue me for being an asshole-_-
Thanks for the follow!
- Great work promoting our film :D Kudos, kiddo!
Writing A Big Word ,Then Wondering If You Spelled It Right ...
Rob, you're my idol growing up! im never gnna give up skating(:
Repeating a falsehood loudly does not turn it into
haha yea there all about chillin
I have so much planned for summer
Pay us the cost and we'll be gone. Now they shut my eyes and I can't see... It's plain to see who the winner and loser will be
I think we should have NAP time in High School ..., I mean they might as well because over half my class sleep lol
Girl lets get high i hope u not afraid of heights!
Bama vs LSU here we go
What is with the fireworks on the beach every single Thursday night? The bulldog is NOT amused.
for the coat check at prom.
How does 43% among men, 42% among women add up to 48% overall?
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #fags and religion
People that get all hype about these parties promoted on twitter are usually ppl who dont get out the house much.
I'm scard
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
- My favorite thing to do on vacation is eat good food, buy local and take pretty pictures!
Wrapping up product meeting at Lynnwood, then lunch at Woodinville Panera Bread!
This years #xgames is quite the delicious visual treat indeed, we miss you
Where are you?
Damn straight.
Just realized my mom was born on the same day and year as Bill Belichick. Let's just say my Mom has aged better. Happy Birthday Mom!
first of all: have you read it?
didn't mean i couldn't eat, and i said thank you in that tweet for cooking, if you read it all....
Good Morning
THERE IS A PANDA IN THE WOODS.
Don't worry too much about what potential employers might see on Facebook. Have a life.
Wow d rose just dunked somthin stupid! Lol
Would watch #Terriers tonight, if I had a teevee. Might buy it from iTunes tomorrow. Hear that #FX? - I'll *pay* for this show.
hey, where is now?
already did ;)
Late night #workout. Legs, back, shoulders, core. Starting the week off the right way!
Of the work I saw this week (& it was a good week), I wish I could say I was shocked that the lowest budgeted piece made the biggest impact.
living the dream, I see
graduation 1, check..go mohi. graduation 2, check.. go ou! (and csu;) so so proud of youu congrats to my !!!
ITs Kettle Corn Time at Tivoli Village! Kelli's Kettle Corn will be serving up some fresh to go! Stop by and say Hello!
RT : Watching The Casey Anthony Jury Widd My Lil Brother <==== Follow thanx big bro
Website relaunch is happening soon- we will announce events very soon!
This girl is so rude I don't know how they're friends
Ergo "childish/naive" readings of as a genuine news source are common, uninfluenced by obvious cues for "correct" interpretation.
With Boston's finest and truly most upscale crowd, Blu is the only place to be on that night.
Any other members/users within the reach of my tweets? Curious what you've thought (and what you've bought) of the service so far
hey girl
. Thanks for the #FF love! Back atcha! ^dr
I saw you at the interview platform at Wango!! I was trying to wave to you but a group of girls got in the way..:(
And all directors accounted for! RT Sound mix completion with countless thanks to Craig Mann and Todd AO crew
just stay away from the bottled violence.
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday!
Can't stand it!!!! Your idea of 50/50 is more like 75/25 me with the quarter! Save it! Fricken jerk.
. love this concept. so happy to hear a voice challenging the nfp industrial complex at
At 8pm tonight, will play
June 12th will hopefully be my first day back in softball :) I miss swinging my bat so much
I've always found Guérin an interesting thinker on this subject.
don't call me kid...
Strongly agree!
I got more rhymes then I got grey hairs and that's a lot because j got my share
Just got paid from my Isagenix business. Residual income ftw! www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
Play FREE online brain-jump.com (broadband only)
ayee bro sup:)
That's the best time for open mic! :o)
#win RT: #Getoveritlifegoeson... or you die alone. Either.
Poets are interested mostly in death and commas.
Is it weird that I'm wearing LUGz boots in my night gown? (to lazy to take em off after my ciggy)
Wishing you the best in wrapping up your finals! Hope everyone has a great spring break!
damn some shady ass shit i dont even know what to think or where i fucked up fuck it ima let it be
RBI double by Alvin's Nate Lyons makes it 6-4 in the bottom of the 7th. Pitching change for Paris
but then you might die and that would suck.
hell yeah! Get that red carpet!!!
CUPCAKE CHAMPIONS! \m/
Think I'm going to have a drink then go to bed. Have another long day a head of me tomorrow... *sigh*
Good song, good band nice RT : #np breaking benjamin - the diary of jane
get some lunch?
Sad, but you speak the truth. Wish he would lose.
I was plannin on seeing and to all play tonight to get ideas for my song and now i cant because of the rain
Russell Wilson getting love from Gruden, gotta love it
10 days left in charity auction. Golf with Samuel Jackson...visit www.CharityBuzz.com
Great 8-miler Liz! Rockin' pace too! Good job!
Happy Mother's Day! What are you getting your mother? Flowers? Brunch? Let's honor all Moms--Creators of our lives!
Why you gotta jinx my NYG pick? NO and NE seem ok, but division games scare me. Back to drawing board.
Awesome! Any questions?
It wont change anythin
lol girl you know i be playing :-)
In Westerns you were permitted to kiss your horse but never your girl. Gary Cooper.
Desperate RT : If you miss him/her 3.5 min after they leave your side...your hella
Come out to and have some #free and listen to Jeff Bridges New Album!
same here:/
um I don't... But some do
I am dying laughing at this group chat between and xD x Love you two hhahahahah xD
I think your picture makes you look like a Terminator.
I fucked up my stocking for x-mas
If facebook ever shut down you'd see ppl roaming the streets shoving pictures in peoples faces screaming "Do you like this?! DO YOU?!" O_O
that means that 2 of the 3 major oil importers will face economic contraction thus demand less oil, so prices are coming down.
enough is enough
love you too babe! (:
send it to.the inbox bro..
hahahahah eeeew my butrhole is not the size of s car wheel ! Christian my butthole isn't like yours ok?
Colorado #Avalanche dynamic forward now tweeting.
please follow me-i am a huge fan
lol you're not
Ok #NBA refs, the are up 20pts over the late in the 4th, you no longer need to keep giving them favorable calls.
We need to get jg recorded today
kameron loe on inactive list for grandfathers funeral.
I think I'll spend the weekend hanging out in multiplex lobbies asking nerds why Batman wasn't in The Avengers.
i didnt get anything
isn't it a little early for bourbon?
"I ain't got time for a mofuckn penis, getting dirty money pockets just like in our dreams bitch."
Took the day off to work on music. Hyped as hell to be on the Paid Dues show. Finished Press Kit/Bio this morning.
We hope you convince her to take you!
Wishing everyone a safe and peaceful weekend as we remember the 10th anniversary of
Check us out on Facebook! #RT www.facebook.com/luxcreative like is, and we will like ya back!!
Yeah, you may talk to me, make me laugh, and say the sweetest things. But how many others girls do you do that to?
Thanks to and Shannon for an awesome dinner and even better conversation
You didn't wait for me to answer...NO RT : Want to know how me and many others became our own boss and made 6k a month...
A perfect example of what I find annoying about the Newbury Street mentality. Ridiculous.
I need an escape strategy from work. Ready..... GO!
RT : Hitting the town this weekend? Support your local independent restaurants, bars, cafes & pubs.
#WIUNION ..Who would trust anything a financial journal has to say?
Nolan's INCEPTION was amazing! A must see!!! Great acting, gorgeous effects and unparallelled storytelling - can't wait to see it again.
Baby boy you can't even keep up come on now .
thats the one...Aveeno. That will help balance out the yeast. Are u using any new laundry products or off brand products??
whats up bud? Ive been real good thanks
Getting my jQuery learnin' on at the end of
Its said when u enjoy hanging out with liberty and lib north debaters, more than your own squad.
Lol people seem so surprised that it actually rains in Florida. In the summer, there are daily thunderstorms... Not-so-Sunshine State, ahah.
Same here buddy! RT that's awesome!!!!!!! Wouldn't mind seeing that car in VL :)
Thanks guys for the up-to-the-second coverage of the #MPSE Golden Reel Awards! May 2012 continue to be fruitful for you all!
Baltimore Twestival have a new sponsor! Thanks to our friends for their generous donation.
Me too, you know how to make pancakes? :P
Last night
Spoil that sweet wife of yours today!! ;)
Being single for nearly 10 months, its torture
Thanks! I'm so *excited* to get it over with!
It ends with me buying 10 people on a bus McDonald's. You be the judge.
In this class I just realized now just how dirty i was done by somebody
I do:D
#Hannan to #America via #LPR2011 - I am living in your euro-socialism future -- you won't like it - take it from me.
Thanks for the mention back at you
Going to bed?
I am excited for the day I can wake up and make a healthy breakfast and watch morning talk shows
Have to say I'm really into the fact that letters of rec to Texas A&M are uploaded through something called the "Howdy! Portal"
MT : Over 700 educators from over 70 countries are coming together to celebrate innovative education via tech.
im out of town, too bad :(
Tonight's RockBand Drink: Pink's X-Rated Cocktail w/ Stoli Citrus and X-Rated Liqueur over ice topped w/ strawberry soda! Just like a pill!
#ICan'tStandPeople that ask for my advice and then don't even take it -_-
I guess you can call him.... Nomore Ghaddafi now.
Citywide, 547 properties sold during the first three months of the year, up 12% from the same time a year ago
I know but that just means that I can spend more time with you =)
I was living there this past summer
It's a caricature I'd rather not be associated with.
Presentations need to be more like rock concerts
Great, now my dad is in the ER. Just goes from bad to worse.
What a gorgeous night. What flavor is everyone enjoying?
yeah probably not.
sick movie..last hour of it is insane
Did you make it?
Just seen paranormal activity 3 last night it was okay but not that scary to me maybe you other scary suckas might get scared but not me...
Ew tomorrows Monday.
IKR can't it just come out already!! Do you watch any other tv shows or hanging out to see any movies?
Happy Eid to our Muslim students! Have a fantastic holiday!!!
1. Does eating 3 slices a day reduce it? 2. Is pancreatic cancer one of the bad or good ones? 3. Can I sign up for next study?
is it a testing day or a common event, Coach? If you don't mind me asking...
Im tired.. idgaf about the bull anymore I'm done !
I am so proud of you! <3
I love you lord jesus, thank you for this life of hell.
Baked Egg Rolls Recipe
RT I just started poppin it for and look back and tell him Baby it's real <<< LOLL AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEE!!!
Nice swing, Donnie
RT : Thinking of all my friends who are doing #NaNoWriMo this year, and hopefully validating your word counts! Congradulations
you are right, I wouldn't want to fall in the water while im reading.
For all you #QuickBook users, the integration with Xactly will be available at the end of the month!
Bring it on down to Omeville!
Oh there's lightning and thunder outside! I love these storms... considering a bike ride. I wonder how bad of an idea it is...
thank you, love!♥
#ff , Hands down some of the best actor training in LA. Check 'em out!
I hate when I think I lost my phone and it turns out it was in my pants pocket the whole time #stupidity :P
Actually, don't worry about keeping people away. My police department does a great job of scaring people already.
no problem yo how are you
is empowering girls and impacting women at 6th Annual GirlTalk Conference in Anacostia, Washington, DC
Thanks to the sun powered Blue Farm Tortilla Chip farmer for the 35,151 kWh of emission free energy. Keep up the good work
FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!!!!! *BAWLING MY EYES OUT* ... THANK YOU SO MUCH CODY!
My refrigerator is full of food I don't like.
Don't forget to join Las Hermanas at Health & Minority Youth today at 6:30PM in Marvin 402!!
Hubbard bound.....Aye
Drayton describes Jill Vialet's work promoting play as pathway to empathy. Tip America to create everyone a changemaker world.
Do I have inner anger just because I say, "crap" every once in a while and refer some people as "creeps?". CRAP!!!
Im so used to reacting,now when im upset,sad,or even excited i pray 1st then move
So many times I forget to turn off when I leave the room. Pretty sure my mind thinks there's a soundtrack playing to my life
I thought it was hilarious. Plus, I can't stand the Palin's so...
i totally meant though not thought.
WARNING: #Tebow may cause premature newsification "Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow, two best bounce passers now in the same city"
Up there with USA v Algeria in the WC. But this had 30+ years of history and cross town rivals. Amazing.
Giving this race a grade of "P-U". Blech!
Y'all twitcon is too cute!!
UNC Bears lost the SDSU today. Congrats Bears for making it to the tourney! Us Alumni are proud.
Live jazz w/ The Interval Trio & friends #TONIGHT 1st set @ 9 PM
Broadcasting LIVE three hours of tech, progressive and house from Miami Beach, FL only on www.danceradio.ca and www.radio4by4.com .
Wow and have the exact same tweets sharing the exact same stories this am.
One of my friends just got hit by a car right in front of me...devastated
Niggaz just don't take NO for an answer...sorry
#Giggs signs one year extension! Only player to have scored every season since the #PremierLeague started in 92.
Get to watch the again today with it being an ESPN game. They should play teams from TX or ESPN games more often! Love watching them!
I went the whole day without my phone!
thank you! i was able to watch it right on twitter. that was beautiful. it was like listening to poetry. needed that tonight.
chill it's a joke lol and it says in ur ticket...
Packaging for "New Spirits" designed by almost finished as we inch closer to the theatrical run. Excited in our bones.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Congratulations Katherine Toms, winner of yesterdays game score challenge! Thanks to everyone who participated- what a high scoring game!
Each day comes with 86,400 seconds. Tick tock.
Baby girl will b here in July yay
Good News! RT : Share alumni scoop using #lcclassnotes & we'll get it in the Chronicle and elsewhere!
Hoqw the hell did I end up at the alderwood mall?
IT i meant IT omg ahhahaha
Victor Cruz needs to teach Salsa dancing at
honored & humbled to be at an amazing center for higher culinary education CIA greystone this week
Damn shawty you be subtweeting bout a nigga hard AF on these trending topics lol !
Thank you. :)
Feels like crying.
30 is the new 20, right?!
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
Our says the game will come on Sunday but the lives that have changed as result of #SB46 legacy project will live on forever!
Awesome! You rock! See you guys on June 29th!
we are so there. miss you too. awesome.
you say...hey!! Watch the language around my kids!
late night gym sesh? i think yes.
Trying with you after you don't give a Fuck, yup i'm
#BlueRock #Studio went old school yesterday..prehistoric actually! The #Geico #Caveman made an appearance in the studio yesterday!
I love smiling. Smiling's my favorite.
I think these bitches are delusional!!! I'm starting to keep my distant, walking contradictions SMH. I love my Bestie though 😘
Whoa! A ref call in Saints favor?!?
The first think i'm going to do when I meet is hug him (:
If you'd like to be added to our "automotive" or "green" lists, let us know, just in case we don't catch up with everyone. Thanks.
Did you know that Mexico City is #shrinking by 4inches (10cm) a year?
I need to buy a graduation dress online but I keep freaking out and not buying because I'm worried I will look like a hooker...
😂😂 cracking up like a fool!
This dude is a douche he deserves everything he gets..
please follow me Megan. U sing amazing. :)
Enjoying the earthquake song selection on JackFM. Listening to We Will Rock You, All Shook Up, and It's the End of the World as We Know it.
I want Taco Bueno !!
Tony larussa looks like an owl
coolin' bro! How's everything in Naija?
you are so talented i wish you can come see me in chicago plz follow me back
The Wartime Escape of Stephanie Marks - 2/28 2pm @ Main Library- learn about a local Holocaust survivor's daring flight across Europe!
Tim recommends setting Auto Save to 1 minute. Seems like overkill, unless you really need the info.
I miss working with you
Marshmellow fluff is in a plastic container not a plastic jar anymore,fml.
Discussing competence in the O&G industry with some of the top global competence professionals #O&G
Mesa made music in the buildin!
hahahha yeah I do alot LDBFS and rubbed off on u on who?
Hate having visions of my dad in that casket 😡
If you keep twatting about the Twins, I'm going to stop following you
Wasn't that a Captain & Tennile song? "Bacon will keep us together"
At Christmas, all roads lead home.
RT It's time to STRETCH! Get up and move! It's a great way to break up the day and to get some exercise in!
Ok, that's all I can do. 78,162 pre-edit. I'm rarely one to need cuts - on the contrary, I often need to add more. To the editor it shall go
Blazers climbing in the west. It will prob go down till the final game of the season to see what spot but they should end up around 4 or 5th
Startup Showcase about to begin here at TSRB! Directly across the street from the hotel. Come check these awesome companies!
I Hate That I Have Asthma!
Received a strange message from you, hacked?
Hey sweet Charlie, I'm working on it Liver lips!
Thanks to all my new followers! <3
no official word yet :)
I admit it. Sometimes baby carrots & applesauce are the best I can do to cover the fruit & veg part of dinner.
My head hurt im not tryna run
Ilegales sold out again!!
If I lose you I'm afraid I'll lose who I gave my love to
#ifollow those who
Ah When the drums are just right..... my heart soars :D Hans Zimmer is doin it for me
I'm not as strong ad peoples think. Everytime I close my eyes I think of u papa and makes my tears never ending. Y did u have to leave us..
you said Garcia....i gotta save this tweet!
RT : Seems like twitter #TT just don't be poppin like they used to
Pirates leave them loaded & hope a one-run lead will hold.
Sudan: Avoidable New War Songs
At least there was some scoring and a down to the wire finish in the IU/EKU game. Still holdin ou hope for the Smurfs and Fowl
So what's up everyone? Somebody dm me I'm boted
that was a dirty trick bieber.
SUPER HOTNESS
I called the #Bruins with the Game 7 win but the later the game goes can u imagine if Wideman came back to haunt the fans that hated him!!
My favorites should go and follow
Hot mess in a bottle!
Vegas this weekend! Should be fun.
just a sec, unfortch - have meetings in DC tmw and flew out a day early just to see fam. Hopin for a more serious return in July!
True, but it was 78-75 when I wrote that, and I said "would," not "is."
you know, it was the first movie I've seen in a while that really was as good as the book.
damn 140 characters. Don't worry I got you. right now, right now, would you be willing to give it all up right now! (ray voice haha)
Np-A zip and a double cup
Installed Mac #OS X Lion last night; not really digging Mission Control. Snow Leopard's grid layout was perfect for coding... gotta go back
The #NRA #GOP #ALEC pushing guns into our people's lives reminds me of when the Brits shoved Opium down Chinese' throats.
WOWZERS, this weather is mint! BIG week this week! #MarchMadness #StPats2012 #IonaHoops Tonight #NYKnicks vs Bulls Half price Happy
LOL!! I just want to know which tech they were using to be so prompt w/the follow!?
Yeah, we have to find way to break the connection between digitization and deaccessioning of public domain library materials
my son?! You haven't seen him do his thing. Trust my boy can do the damn thang!
Sat evening/night then coming back for Ashley graduation Sun
And we defiantly need fun in our lives.
going to start a nudist colony, bye world
nice! Where are you interning?
So my body likes to wake up at 4am & go to sleep at 8pm. This does not agree with fiance's schedule...
Horrible news about Joba Chamberlain. Don't have to be #Yankees fan to feel awful for him and family. Feel worst for 5-year-old witness.
thanks to you & Matt for the beautiful card,
Yay! Ghost Boyfriend or Witch Girlfriend?
merry xmas ana, may ur day b joyful and blessed!
Battleship look tight lowkey
What's the most enthralling interactive web site you've ever seen?
I just found a brand #new #Debt #Settlement #Program that is 100% #FTC Compliant ! DM me for the next webinar time spots, they fill up fast
Kinda having FML moment......drained mentally physically and emotionally.
1st tweet from Tweed. Not sure why I don't use Twitter on mobile web, but I like it.
Smart move.
If I'm going to have this end of the school year rave I need to start planning
Make it happen.
I love you! <33
I'll make him love again<3
yeah I'd def never go infantry ! Lol
well, my panel didn't get into AHA, so that makes two of us who won't be presenting there
So tired....need sleep.... Damn sex class. Fuck
Hey, I've got 2 stellar.io invites... Holla if you want one.
Back to this studying..-____-
Naw, he's black
Next year's on its way real quick. TV channels I'll still click. But now I'll be raising my heartrate. A healthy lifestyle shall dictate.
Super stoked to be attending Veterans Writing Retreat this weekend!
Stockholm syndrome happens in relationships too
it says there are no updates available...oh.
lol I sent that one days ago. How's #djing?
call me im bored as hell 6317640140
I'm in Middletown!!
Any one with a iPhone having trouble with yahoo mail today?
I worry to damn much..
College bball!! Oh yeah!
But Château Lafite Rothschild is not closed so I'll be seeing them soon. Always a great place and a great wine!
I need a social mentor and a business mentor..
all I want is a pizza and a cuddle buddy
I got bieber fever, I am a believer and I love Justin bieber <33 RT if you agree ? Follow{:
If she will give her virginity up for a Justin Beiber ticket, she's too young for you bro.
Viola made us cry
back in business!
maybe thursday/Friday?
Happy Belated Birthday Twinkie!
I get there at 7, gets there after 9.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a duck. ~ Duck Twain
i need food beer food beer n everything that includes grand theft auto n chillin.
U need mental help if u expect me to cuff
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon. Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly is like expecting the bull not to charge because you're a vegetarian.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars! #Oakland 510 8321100 $75 Sewin #weave #braids #hairsalons 1738 Telegraph
nice ! What a punk -__-
be careful megabus drivers like to party. "MegaBus Driver Charged With Repeat DUI While On Duty" dlvr.it/s31dn
I've seen camo trucks, camo tshirts and even a camp prom dress, but that camo mini van well that was a first.
does it bring all the boys to the yard?
Watch out, Sean Michael Boozer steals lines. Sorry,
#OpenProblem: figuring out how to an institution of higher learning should deal with (perhaps rampant) academic dishonesty
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it. So addicting" by Veronica
Huge announcement at midnight!
Desperate Housewives is the most confusing show ever but i love it, omg.
I love it!! See someone else is stealing our ideas!!
S/O to everyone that held my head last night when I broke down #bruhs #hearts #friends I love all yall
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
I'll be back soon. But then I have to type an essay.
Shout Out to....... Go follow her she is amazingg!<3
Please should be sent off every game,he is a moron": Barton got sent off on purpose so his old team would win the league"
I envy people who look forward to writing. I already miss the students.....
S/o to my new follower>>> follow & gain...
Emma Watson Gets Wild New Bad-Girl Makeover
Sundays in may...
I have a nose for it Wally.
I saw Marvin Hamlisch play "The Way We Were" and "One" IN PERSON yesterday. If the Lord wanted to take me now, I'd understand.
Enjoy! How was comedy debut?
is looking for a torrent of etude aux casseroles by Pierre Schaeffer with no success thus far, g'dammnit.
shannon was a babe I got pissed when they killed her off
GOOD YOUNGGRASS HOPPER.
this is a true statement
its awesome. Means a lot!
to ur 'look' riddle.. My 1st thought was Chuck Norris. 2nd: Darkness. 3rd: Death 4th: DREAM. Last one seems most fitting.
#SometimesIGetSickOf Trap Music
Be jealous cause I'm watching football w/ Dallas!C: go Dallas Cowboys right?!{;<3
small home business ideas
BUILD clergy mtg begins with Yom HaShoah - Holocaust remembrance day. We recommit ourselves to opposing evil and working 4 good
respect should always be one of the main factors
There has to be a song in there somewhere.
thts just the dudes you attracted to tht think like tht
Welcome my friend Friday. So nice to see you.
If my days of the week had a soundtrack I would definitely select Rebecca Black for Friday, she has forever inspired to get down on Friday
Right back at ya!
Now just chillin at home with my friend Nikki watching
Another long night ....
Don't take my Kindness for Weakness!..
Its been a long day! Going to bed. Goodnight (:
Health Robotics Wins Public Tender at National Cancer Institute of Milan, Defeating Former Partner Loccioni
its my birthdayy! woo :)
"I'm not #crying. You smell like onions." -
what up berlin... later for now chi-town... see you soon Jenny boo and and my matty boo
I need more followers...haha (: I wish I could get a follow back from
#ndpl bound. Looking forward to the next two days.
Be sure to pick ip the May/June 2011 issie of Detroit Black Pages newspaper to hear some useful insight from Kurt Metzger.
So fucking mad my hand shaking
Johnson is an average fighter. Struggled in Strikeforce. He is on a nice two win streak though.
"My episode of My Strange Addiction airs in late June, and my episode of Hoarders airs in early August."
Somebody told me i fell off o i needed that.
Congrats ! I look forward to reading '100 Things #Lions Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die' for Triumph Books
Looking forward to having you come by this evening! Hope you are enjoying Baltimore!
Eco: humor is a medicine against hatred
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: Laughter is a powerful way to tap positive emotions.-Norman Cousins Enjoy your day!
reports #BetterLivingThroughChemistry will be filming in #Annapolis, #Maryland today at #GalwayBay on #Maryland Avenue
I was going to suggest pairing Miller and Holmes, but couldn't think of a 3rd equally hi-energy dude. Good job reading my mind.
Daugher is impersonating an evil step-mother yelling, "Hurry! Don't be lazy!" I need to reevaluate my parenting skills cause that's my line.
Commission is back in session instructing line drawers for Congressional districts.
In the money... 12 players left in Omaha 8 or better :)
Business is ultimately a math problem. Don't loose sight of that fact.
Successful morning so far :)
“: here's to the kids who drive illegally.” S/O to
I feel so bad right now. 😷
Biz partner wants me to talk about online video at a publishing seminar in Hawaii. Birth of our baby wins though. no hula for me. =/
I don't wanna be a whore, i wanna be your whore ahahahah oh good ole'
I'm going to buy the
Two Teisco pickups on the way for The Norma Project....
If you don't own Can You Still Feel by Jason Falkner, you need to get on that.
thank you lovies!!!
Shout out Rt?
NBA has is enough say so that they back WNBA because threatened the TV networks $$$$$ talks
What will happen when Ricky finds out why Phyllis and Christine don't like each other?
one way to stay happy is knowing when to say "fuck this"
I'll take a rooster any day over a peacock.
Thanks Jen!! Us too.
worst.movie.ever
Our website will soon be going interractive..... We are looking for avid Saints fans that blog! DM me if interested.
Hilar is not a word. When people dont spell shit it makes you look dumb
My favorite aunt is a nurse! Happy Nurse's Week to all the fabulous nurses who take care of us every day! xx
got it
So glad you asked! I'm working on this right now. Let me try to drum up some good examples at tweet back at ya this week.
yes, it was Ben Stiller
Making Christmas Candy all day with mi familia 
Glad you're on the follow. Rock out this week!
No one has a right to sit down and feel hopeless. There is too much work to do.-Dorothy Day
Prepping for my history classes, next up: Appeasement before WWII & the Scottsboro Trials!
Cinco de Mayo. In America we'll show our ignorance of culture by getting wasted. Good work Americans!
Just read: War, Parasite Rex, Psychopath Test, Bossypants. Thesis: the world is full of bad shit. Also, Tina Fey is funny.
Enjoying the possibilites of this beautiful new year. . .
TGIF! Free wknd to watch as many movies as i like! Yes!!!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger ! (:
Just spent 5 mins trying to identify the Photoshop layer with the stray pixel before realizing that my monitor is just dirty.
RT : was a blast. Priate exhibit was engaging and educational. SO much 2C! Need days to explore
Is there a national swweat pants day. Well it is at my school lml
"Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion." - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Milwaukee! I am in you. (Your airport, anyway. [For an hour at most. {But still.}])
"Foxheads Stalk this Land" also got "What is there to Smile About" it's great stuff!
i wish you patience and hope love conquers all
Lindsey should have won but I think it's going to be Mann or Juliet
well lamitria is still there but we also have Ray now too :))
that's what i had for my breakfast!
No? RT : Does any team flop/wine/cry to the refs as much as the Clippers?
Thanks John. That means a lot to all of us.
i was, it was that jah article that I called the writer self promoting ayers said he used him as a source so it was good
haha i just had a mini spaz lookin at greyson with a beard
At a good talk on the intersection of info tech and humanities by WIDE researchers from Michigan State
The writer of Proverbs observed that sharp people sharpen one another, like iron sharpens iron. To be a Sharp Thnker, be around Sharp people
I wonder if Wellington ever found out that Alexandria died. If they didn't then that's okay I guess.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR AL YOUR HELP!!!!! First night in the new apt with :)
My phone is really upsetting me rite
Any suggestions for dinner in #Chicago?
linda's the same way - must be a Doane thing.
depends on if there is a cymbals solo.
hands down absolute best part of my day is seeing james for lunch, even if for only 15 minutes
Damn, they even have Drake's 1500 on draft at Mr. Pickles now. Go go!
I probably bought you your first beer..
i can share with you any kind of topics if you want!!!!
Admit it, we've all Googled ourselves at one point in our lives.♥
Once again, THAT SPINEBUSTER
yea i followed him from the beginning and he noticed me right away and we like started talking kinda lol
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 369
And it looks like my Scrivener project for my paper on .hack//Infection has been corrupted.
Check us out on the web @ www.rx2you.com We are a Patient Assistance Program and are here to lend a helping hand to those in need
A bounce is defined as a visit involving only one pageview
With this weather you better be OUTinCHI!
(I say that with love.)
always a pleasure discussing hockey and trains with you
i still want a white iphone...
Have you checked out www.sacvalleyheat.com yet? Now is the time...........
We're playing in a local music showcase at Fitzgerald's off the Oak Park Blue Line tomorrow night at 11! (insert witticisms here.)
Tweeting like calastetics
That awkward moment when you're at the store, you look at a text & reply it in 5 seconds... & BAAAAAM you lost your mom. >_<
man all the cameras are banana's, plus the waitress hate me, hope she don't spit in my sammich.
Thanks, man! Welcome to my bachelorette life.
Number of Gibson guitars available for purchase
Crabman in a zombie film ! Hell yeah!
have they said forsure?
Yo Seth when will you be there and how long? I'll be visiting early November. Wouldn't mind watch/playing some
How can I have an unread sent e-mail in my sent e-mails folder?
My co worker tryna fight her sleep lol
you're welcome! Thank you and hope you got what you needed.
Came out to see the founders at their
Why are all these tweets so relevant!? :O
it's all part of the mystery.
man I wish I had what you and Tyler have cause you could write a book on you guys lol
hello! I don't know about you, but I'm still tryin to catch up on z......
you and me both. “: Man, I used to love Ambulance LTD”
sometimes I read people tweets and all I do is shake my head....
I Support The Single Moms.
#bet if i went on 106th and park i'd kill it.....
As one of the 15.6% who voted in #DCision12 yesterday, I want to thank & for updates on all races. Appreciate it
ya twitter not your thing
Super honored to have you following us!
when dat nigga was doing my butterflys he went to far up on the middle yall cat notice it tho i would have to bend over
My friend just asked me Karina do u speak Mexican? Me: no stupid I speak Spanish.. Lol she was so confused lmao
iLove you your soo cute but sadly im 13 and your 11 you and the boyz all are amazing take care (: follow me please
#FF Throw on chicken on the bone, vegetables in Aluminum wrapper w/butter, corn on Cobb and wrap potato in foil 2!
hi everyone. just signed up for twitter. im a poker coach, player, and a poker dealer in las vegas nv. sin City bay bay
I'm one of the few, the proud, the stuck on the ramp in a turboprop crowd.
Ms. Hughes what page 15 on? ..nevermind i'll find it.
Hey now. That's pretty insulting to the rest of the universe ha.
I agree with you but when you have been hearing one thing for 14 months you don't expect something like that to happen either.
RT : bro your so raw!
The Bourbon Dynasty - Girl in the Checkout Line
haha did she see you ?
Where in Seattle will you be?
I can't remember the 3rd dream...
A2 #NUTS, of COURSE!! Also a big fan of #Foodiechats, #TNI &
I love when a stroke of genius hits, which is why I carry a notebook. Don't think you will remember your initial thoughts or emotions.
-Y do wen ppl tell sum one sum it cum out n tell another person dat how it be-!!
"Social media helps annoying people to become even more annoying than before." ~ at
InstaGram makes everything look better I swear lol
It really did!
Not a fan of the "Here's my paper, when can I get my grade & detailed comments?" all-in-the-same-sentence email.Makes me want to slap hands.
Terrible call right there. Bulls in the bonus.
No tweeting in bed. Leaves crumbs.
It was great seeing you too!!
Highlands Ranch.
I'LL CUT YOU FOO CUT YOU
That's pretty cool. Lots of applications for that tech I could see for online shopping. Thanks for passing that along.
Guess those knees are all better. The way you guys fall for that crap every year is pathetic
realest talk!
Gearing up for the first of Quick and Dirty Musicals shoot tomorrow
I knew about the script, but I didn't know about the contest! Thanks for the heads up! SO GREAT! :)
Getting ready for the shows in Vegas this weekend!! Hope to see you there!
hello everyone! :D
# aww thanks for the shotout that was very nice of you :)
Looking forward to hearing your good news tomorrow.
": what time do you workout?"- normally around 8pm when im just getting finished with work
Awesome! Thanks for including us! :)
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
100 day innovation challenge.
Thanks so much for everyones support. Nicki and Logan have been working hard on this the last few months and your support means the world.
I'm going to stalk him... Ahem " reach out" to him for a pint :)
We agree, that would be nice, literary danger and all.
The only *real* problem with NYC is an astonishing lack of Taco Bells.
Thank you
Looks like we're meeting Indiana in CATlanta! YEE
just got back from the mall with my girl
I am in love with 's tweets :)<33
customer walks up: "you have the most gorgeous eyes!" funny how one compliment can make the day better :)
LOL Girl it came on crackin too... thought dey was finna get freaky then her nigga get stabbed while they in the shower O_o
Oh, I did not look like that! Haha
congrats! Where are you headed?
RT : mary J. Blige she sampled "spend the night for her song "love is all we need" and didn't rj write "share...
glad you joined us for
“: Tomorrow we kick off Season Number 9! Thanks for all the love - it is mutual!" see you in the morning!
Eureka, season 4, watch instant!
Thanks for showing me and "Cowgirls N' Angels" the love!
Why is every speech at a wedding never about the bride and groom and always about the person speaking - which no one gives a shit about?
Thanks for the shout out about the event this evening. will do a great job!
im glad you find me funny!
I was 4yrs old when the #LAriots happened in my hometown of South Central.
Please join us this week - #DesignBizChat Wed. 5/9 10 am ET -All about Working on a Collaborative Team - dos/don'ts, upsides, downsides
You don't build up a brand and them tear it down on your first success. BC IS going to have another job, correct?
true. Its a hard subject since respect means something diffrnt to every1. Equality is static so maybe the word is easier 2 use.
I miss the calming sound of ou eating all day.. its like white noise
I just needa be straight forward with I need to say but I don't want to end it with 2 broken hearts.
Why get 3/4 of a lb of meat from the market man go the distance and get the lb!
JackHandey lives! RT Whenever ever someone rolls their eyes at me, I scoop them up and run away as fast as I can. Hey, free eyes.
Just left parent/teacher conf beaming. I could talk about my kids for a week straight to anyone that would listen.
"Let's begin this show by starting it."
aw love you and so much! Have a fabulous day in Chicago today!!! See you both soon!!
"No Roc Nation, No Good Music... Still I manage to rock the nation with good music"
No problem!
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
Open house in August, everyone is invited
Tip: "use free and local resources such as the Foundation Center in SF"
so i wanna see a pic of you with straight hair js
I think I'm with Pat...veteran depth...good argument....good in locker room can never be overestimated
HELL YES I AM! Who are you, internet stranger?
Horrible day in school. Got f in maths
This is weird but I love having a busy schedule because I'm never bored.
LOVED IT !! It was amazing!!!! <333
Some things are just ment to be kept to yourself.
: Get amazing sushi without paying for it! 50% off select appetizers and sushi from 5-7pm till Friday! Best sushi in the city!
Stayed tuned to find out what happenes on the next episode of "Stalker: Texas Stranger."
I need as many sponsorships as I can get!!! Miss Manhattan Beach for Miss California USA!!!
wow ur so cynical
Squished animals always make me sad :(
Well thanks very much for the #ff !
Heading to Texas Spirit to see "You Hurt My Feelings" by Steve Collins.
C'mon #RENO! Last show of the tour tonight at St. James Infirmary w/
On fall break but not having fun:(
FOLLOWING SPREE!!!!!!!!!!! WHO WANTS A FOLLOW FROM ROMO? meow
A Non-Cinco De Mayo Find - Tonight at 7p - #MayweatherCoto Fight Party - $5 Cover
The difference between me and you. I just want you to be happy. You'd rather me be alone and feel like crap
Sad day for the city of Peabody and the Rice family. RIP FF Rice
i wanna be followed!!!! fo sure!!!! <3
Woohoo! RT working on filling out my application to study at in February.
wait.....are you talking about POTUS or one of the GOP candidates? :)
Best hitter on Giants squad= "pitcher" awesome
Drinking a café mocha from Make Your Mark Artspace & Coffeehouse in Point Breeze.
its a cold cold cold world
Actually, men have been raped in uniform longer than women have been allowed to serve. Recent MST hearings cast a harsh light.
I've finally found my passion: not doing laundry.
I respect that awesome tan in your profile pic. I'm guessing you didn't get that in Seattle?
Smart pussies or Totally retarded pussies?
yesterday was to funny though
RT : I think my beloved phone was dropped on its head a few times when it was a baby rotary phone.
Needed Orphaned Crochet DoiliesMark Lipinski39s Blog - doilies
Hi there.
All the ones before told they loved you, But I'm telling you, I really fuckin love you girl!
Just saw the funniest thing. Some guy driving a convertible mini with his big golden lab in back seat. Too funny
holly crap this dude is adorable but anyway everyone go follow him !!
dom :) guess what?! I won my first break dance battle today! :D lol just wanted to share
So, that ain't goin' up on the NCAA website. FINE.
love songs make me feel in love & sad songs make me feel sad and they all make me think only about you!?!?!?....hm
Happy Brithday John Tyler, 10th US President.
im alone here :( i have many friend but they are dont have twitter :( cant wait for this one will ma bestfriend :-0 X P
I was hoping for #vipnacac, but #yapc will do. ;)
Each year, there's less ice, and now, the Northwest Passage - the very same pathway traversed by dog sled in 1921 - is open to shipping.
You should be.
"Horizon is expressly “exempt from all statutes & rules relating to schools, governing boards & school districts"
Twitter keeps me entertained at times..
Mama Chick just finished teaching to Curtis & Luckeys "Eye Candy" at UCWDC Worlds. Great job to an awesome song....
Hello and thanks! W: grow egginabox.com: project to give unused takeout food to hungry people. O: distribution #W/O
Hand model casting!
RT To 5 of the greatest friends, teammates, and basketball players I've ever been a part of. we had a great run.
Recharged my geek batteries at #sqlsaturday SD today.
Eating Jamaican food!!
Wait what happened with Rapada I left the room??
im stoked <3 can't wait
Hey ! What's up with your WIFI! Don't you know I have to figure out pinterest "pin it" for !!
You have no idea how hard it is to make a yearbook in 6 months, nor do you have the authority to critique it. So, shut up with your comments
Is that the show with the guy from Firefly?
Yes, I don't know about "working profile" butwe do have a google place setup as well. Nice meet'n U 2!
Today the bus was playing The dead kenedys!
Have fun!
i know but it feels like its soo soon though
Waiting for Scott to get here then we're watching the game!
I want to swing by on Sunday though and get Max all ID'd up :)
#AppleBlossom2012 :: #NuffSaid --> Must rage this weekend...
Been grown for a long time now. :) RT : You grow up the day you have your first real laugh, at yourself. ~Ethel Barrymore
You look Russian???? Maybe.
On You Tube thats Alex in the brown t shirt
hey Sarah! I'm not sure what you're going through just #StayStrong You have inspired so many including me. Thank you so much.
Mother's Day is May 13th! Don't forget to do something special for mom!
What's up Anthony-thanks for checking out the TWC video! Hope all is well
Well just got back from the movies :D gotta say Dark Shadows wins my vote for one of my favorite movies I can say I wanna see it again i ...
Welcome to the twitter bandwagon!
thank you so much for coming.
Oh my gosh. Totally forgot about the time change. I'm going to be late for yoga!
The holidays are here! I'm thinkin everyone is going to need a lil Lush Confections for parties/gifts this year!
Favre.. Please come back..
super fun
"Aye Guhh" was never a effective way to get a girls attention.
Suggestion –Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
Welcome to twitter! We LOVE these! Def try them out!
lame! I know someone that would chew gum while singing onstage. Btw, we started Sean T insanity yesterday...
When people complain about being cold after practice<
Naturally. :) Look forward to following #Equity11!
good night people.. smile always!
I love you and nothings gonna change that.
good stuff
Love Robert Glasper's music. Not enough recognition.
Ok cool
creepers don't say hi lol
no, my fun is still good. You?
Hey Noll welcome back to the #ADD theatre, lets see a mugshot
Have you next lunch meeting at Taproom No.307
What would you do if this was your motto? "To injure no man, but to bless all mankind." Check & see what they do it w/ it & news.
Great news, 30 more case of Churchkey, $9.99 a 6pk or save 10% when you buy a case. Grab yours while you can.
Even the best theme EVAR becomes cliche when you see it in a hundred panel titles :)
I SAY FUCK YOU UNLESS IM WIT U.
thanks for tip..this is my first time and i'm trying so hard. thank you!
Thanks for the follow, Jennifer! Slow running is better than no running. :)
appreciate the kind words jonathan!
I’m still struggeling nwhich form to use in my blog
We have some amazing new flavors coming out this week! Delicious-Organic-Unique E-cig liquid. Cleanest ingredients available/ best prices!
um... nicki is really off the deep end....smh
if possible, please tweet the JC Ramirez article at us. Thanks.
Joe, Thanks for being a Razorback. I'll always remember your ability to take a big hit and your game changing returns.
#np Chris Brown - Deuces (Remix) ft. Drake
For those who have recently followed this page. Our sincerest thanks!
Before the pageant, I was finishing up my costume, brushing up on current events, & running 18 miles on aboouutt 400 calories. I WAS READY.
Jk! The bignews (already known by their fans)is that th cool LA clav rock band the Crash Kings r joining th tour. Welcome dudes!
The wonderful thing about this business are the close friends that have come from introducing them to boating. MarineMax is family fun!
Laundry, cleaning and rest for the day before my crazy 50 hour work weekend
You need to put some thought into your online personality. It's part you and part your company
I can't believe doesn't love NYC >> something about the subway car stench.
bro you and Josh went off just saying
that is funny cowards
About to go against my diet an eat dese nachos wtf well no more today I wanted a salad from noodles n co
wonderfully said!
It's fabulous Friday! which means #FF please RT and ask your followers to follow
"The sky is blue so God bless you". How many dolls remember that?
what ever you want is what is right !
Work is beyond annoying today, I can't stand the customers or employees...who's hirin? I got a degree lol
You may feel like you've lost everything, but what God leaves you with is truly what defines who you will be!
#HappyEaster 2 All My Followers... Hope You Enjoy Your Day Today.
#oomf is being missed dearly over here
Just came back from the Vanguard. Jeff Tain Watts and his band were killing!
I'm so happy #UK won #8 but its so bittersweet. Its all over & our boys are leaving. Wish you guys all the best though!
great job last night, gentlemen.
Just stood behind #Dereklowe in ATL to get brekkie. Then saw my first #Harley fanny pack. Which was weirder? Not sure.
I'm looking for effective IA education prof orgs to join that will be of importance for my PD and networking.
yeah I gt it
I feel a bit thirsty
Happy #EarthDay from #packrads in-home media!
yes if virtual memory can be made to not thrash, #cloud should be able to do it just as well...
IF YOU CAN'T YO PARTNA THE ATTENTION SOMEONE ELSE WILL
Even in the dark I'm going shine to bright
You know you are in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams(:
I do not want to get out of bed today i think im stuck lol
trying to decide if I keep banging my head against the wall to try to solve a work problem, or take off for the day & a clear head tmrw
aww! Thank you :)
I believe that may be the only thing that matters.
MALAYSIA PRESS-Malaysia's AMMB posts record profit for fifth consecutive year-Business Times
Did you turn the dorm into a magic school bus? Because I dont think he'll mind if you did that
Got back from Edwin's house :3 Now what? :P
NEW VIDEO IN 1 MINUTE!!!:D :D :D
Happy Good Friday ~ Fish and Chips- Beer Battered Cod, deep fried to a golden brown, served w/ Herb dressed Fries & Homemade Tartar Sauce
Summer summer summer time!
Have a great time! Safe trip!
10% discount on purchases for all UNM and CNM students, faculty and staff. All you have to do is present your ID!
Happy Cinco De Mayo, Bring on the tacos >.<
Phillip Phillips Phillipson moves on to the finale of Dave Matthews karaoke
I just want the first ten minutes of the movie, Drive, on perma-loop. The rest of it you can have back.
Just picked up a fabulous assortment of mini-desserts from #Simma's Bakery.
Starships by Niki Minaj just came on and it reminded me of some guy from school he is so funny
Nice! They'd be our first Aussie entry. Would love it! Make it happen, Jess!!!
unfortunately you are out numbered 'today'.
Mortgage markets are up despite Retail Sales data. Rate and fees may improve.
Happy Birthday Sarah!!
Thanks for this. Anything that tackles the confusing conceptual mess that is PsyA is helpful.
Hey, please tweet at me to remind me of next time! Want!
Know your plan AND EXECUTE. Everything else will take care of itself. Packer's talent much better! Huge game this week!
hey govwalker, so, you pass a tax cut that cost 140 million, and now you're coming for the middle class to pay up?
KUDOS to Obama's nom Jim Leach as NEH chairman! Art needs transdisciplinary direction & this administration understands art world lacks this
best song ever
Fancy Fun! I think I'm going to try to make an owl mask out of a t-shirt, paper mache and shower puffs.
This weather is crazy! It's 60 degrees at the moment and later tonight it's supposed to be 29 and snowing. Explain to me how that's possible
NY buddy You
“: Go online, got a ton of packages!”thanks Brendan I'll tell them you sent us. Now let's win a race SOON
Well that I knew. ;)
Not a Richard Perry fan, but whoa, great death penalty answer...
the SR-71 was also my favorite as a kid. Definitely still in my top 10
hell TG!! Enjoy this incredible weekend!!
