I absolutely LOVE reward systems!! Great idea Ashlee Nicole :)
In sheer volume of what is written about an author, James #Joyce is second only to Shakespeare.
reading all the sweet notes people wrote me made want to cry. 😢 they're so cute, i love my friends. ❤
Edmonton Oilers 5-1 over the Avalanche at home. Good to see Foote back on the ice.
Rule #2 Never throw out you leaves before the second brew
good seeing you tonight at the club. Let me know if you guys need help on the set!
I guess I wasn't paying attention then!
Everytime You Know I Dont Lack.......
me and will be there too yayayyyy
ANOTHER DAY IN THE LIFE OF FITNESS, BICEPS, BACK & ABS!! STAY FOCUSED STAY POSITIVE RESULTS DON'T COME OVER NIGHT!!
My taste buds can take only so much, twitter! ": made some ridiculously delicious-smelling pear/pineapple and strawberry jams."
thank you! Happy weekend!
What has been seen, cannot be unseen... But I'm sure as hell gonna try.
Dang!! You're an extreme hippie then haha, right on!!
Will there be a steerage class menu?
you just blew my mind.
what is keeping textbook companies from creating more interactive etextbooks?
Collin Ray is a freaking beast!!!
I'm annoyed by this but it made me realize the older I got, all that matters to me in a sporting contest is the RESULT. Try radio!
Pickett re: funding agencies - they are trying to direct positive disruptive change in education.
If he don't stfu with all this bull shit he talkin ..
I'm surprised the nets aren't on fire with the way this game is going. I mean at this rate we could top a HUNDRED combined points.
that link shows page is down
hey everybody i miss you all
Worked my ass off tonight
serioucly fuck you... i don't need this kinda shit from you.
Drinking: Angel's Share, @ Samuel Horne's Tavern
We agree! Thanks for your support
What the hell is non dairy creamer.
men I tryed to come n couldnt get out of bed lol
Let try a 69 just one time -_*
Agreed! RT Ignore what the competition is doing, it's already been done. Pursue what seems impossible but is how things ought to be.
Thank you!
Today I stand on top of a mountain and sing "It's the best day ever!!" Happy Wednesday Tweeps
i been legendary 7136322069 MONEYTALKSMORE i live in the city im from and i put on, dont gotta move cause im a landmark
you're a trooper!
#kids Mansion & Stable Tours at Hartwood Park, Fri, May 11 10:00a: Tour the 16th Century Tudor-design Mansion and stables. Call ahead for...
Hiya how are you Have a nice weekend xx
I also have an email that seems strange
We all know i never start worrying until about 5 hours to kickoff anyway. I predict the exact weather we had Saturday. :)
I didn't catch it. Today, I'm very busy with my side career as a mediocre email designer.
We're shooting the #Summer2012 promo videos today. Stay tuned - we'll later post some teasers!
Birthday shoutout to ! Hope you have a wonderful day!! I am blessed to call this man pastor.
Hahahahahaha great announcement!!!
Thank you for following me! I will follow you as soon as I can!
Awe I'm sorry. I hope they are okay.
Real Madrid or Bayern Munich?
I rarely use my library nowawdays but I just checked and we do have an online magazine/newspaper database. I just need
I'm sure you're torn up over it :)
“: WE ARE GOING TO BLOW UP iTUNES WHEN #BOYFRIEND IS OUT!!!!!!! #24Hours #1Day”
more like mr. Sexy_pants..
Have you read The Taste of Salt by ? Lyrical novel, meditation on the toll substance abuse takes on families.
Awww poor Chloe :(... She has freaking abs WTF??!
I'll definitely save my money, but you better believe im also going to buy a shit ton of clothes with my new job.
Really... Is there any good new music out there?
Taco City!!!
how cute robert farts LOL
"The profession of book-writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business." - John Steinbeck #amwriting (oh my)
Happy birthday to Shakira. She is my starting five
That awkward moment when someone says new avi! and their picture hasn't popped up on your phone yet..
Gimli, good sir, you've taken No shave November far enough...
It's mine, but someone must have taken my Ronald Reagan mask out of there. I need it all back.
Oh haha because I know a bunch of girls in 98's because of odp and most of them are on fc Dallas
Get ready for the 20/30 Club Nite Flite event this weekend! Get your tickets asap if you have not yet...
Realizing my head phones are held together mostly by tape and a prayer tonight means I'm probably due for a new set. Again.
G.M.N.I.: When I'm fatigued or in need of strength, I find solace in my baby, Sarah Bellum. She ensures I'm never weak-minded.
We are hosting the Happy Hour Tonight, starting at 5:30pm! Please stop by #TheVault to enjoy some refreshments and ping-pong!
Would love to send it! To whom should I send it?
God we praise you on this day!
u got it!! He's awesome!
Harry is so hot!! I loved the performance it was worth the wait!
So glad I'm meeting for dinner tonight because this day is just not going my way...
Man...who u tellin! I just play mind games w/my kids, "That new movie will b on Netflicks soon. It looks better on our TV".
2012 Presidential candidate Jon Huntsman in DC next Wednesday, June 15 speaking at the Young Professionals Fundraising Dinner
everyone go follow go.. go now.... push follow
I just saw a super fat dachshund that moves like a harbor seal.
140 characters can't contain the volunteers and supporters who made #nciv1story conference happen. But thank you all!
It's hard going out with friends that have no kids... Only because they don't understand why its hard TO go out in the first place #noplans?
I mean, hello lenders, we want to spend MORE money - at least help us get rid of our condo. Such an emotionally exhausting process.
Sorry! It has many entertaining comics in it, so that's the short answer. Best as PDF. Email for more support
Aw yea! =) RT : had a great time playing in Vegas can't wait 2 comeback!
My card to the highest bidder? RT : #dsum12 a digital conference would make more sense if people could go digital
He's only been in the bottom 3 once I think, right? Should be interesting. Hasn't been a female winner since season 6.
so tired
Given how hard it is to find true simpatico b/w pw & dir., we could make a wee lab to find it.
I'm hesitant about DC movies, I'm hoping they can make better ones like the last few batmans & Flash would be interesting
if i eat 37 sliders it's cool because they're tiny, right?
Missing my babe but I'll see him tomorrow. He needed some me-time anyway.
is off to early vote today. Whomever you choose, make sure your voice is heard.
he`s my heart , my world , my EVERYTHING
Zayn! You might get pregnant and die. Just... just take some rubbers though cause you can never be too careful
shooting a quick commercial in downtown Columbus this sunday!!! 10am -3pm
Why thank you for the trophy!
I played around with his tree software (I think that is the name). Would love to explore origami and math. R u doing this?
Yes. The bubble covers most of campus, indoors and out.
Take back your online privacy. Try Safe Shepherd
no boys allowed.
# of Facebook shares...highest factor in new SEO ranking factors 2011 per
you Better:3
LOVE IT - couldn't agree more!
2 tote bags and a lunch bag! Whoop!
2 busy 2 "tweet"? Never. Just busy filling in for AC who is fishing in Canada.
We're busy baking up a storm. Plan to stop by tomorrow morning to sample some of our new muffins!
Bastard humidity gives me Phyliss Diller hair. Or #Wayne Coyne hair. Same thing.
Lmao it's some fake ahhs people in Marion fool, but aye iAint gone say nun! Cause im straight long as you dont approach me with the BS
Pizza puff and french fries for lunch
#littlemonsters follow me and I'll follow back. Paws up!
GU's own artemis kirk wraps up the presentations at this AM's meeting. now Q&A...
I was just bumping to that . .
fb me all my work is on there
cat glasses; no suit. No knife fights, but evidence of Guinness. And a classful of satire students amazed!
O. M. G. ICONic Boyz
just stick with me lol youll know
hahahahhahahah mine is to my whole body is dead
So JLo's new commercial for clothing? perfume? We did that song in #showchoir a thousand years ago! I've Got the Music in Me.
Big River tonight!
S.A. THUGS VOL.3 HOSTED BY FADE DOGG & BIG RODDY COMIN SOON...SMOKE SUM THANG BITCH...
I believe DDT causes cancer but because of lack of data, I don't know that it causes cancer, says
fair to ask what an equivalent private sector job would pay. I'd bet an analogous-sized private biz CEO would make much more.(1/2)
The holiday is about 3 weeks away RT : Hey yours is a great place for some chips and salsa
sure - today or later this week?
No more Pro Bowl? Thoughts?
10, but missing the right brow tine, coulda been a lot bigger.
Dude, I really thought that'n was gone as well...
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
want to be able to tweet from my website.
Who graduated the same year from the same film school as Whedon. They were classmates.
Kobe is nasty. Smh.
just finished the amazing sunrise series! Literally left be bursting with joy! Starting the bailey Flanigan series right now
I dreamed you said you would be praying for me.
Try these: Cries of Humanity, It's Not Just Me, My Hidden Manor :) They are all on facebook and reverbnation.
There are some great things in the world—you just have to search for them.
The people down the street are partying on a Tuesday
I called it 2 months ago
or mortal impulse, at that time they appeared as the counterfeit of God's man.
Skipped it. Not thrilled with prospect of seeing Charlotte Gainsbourg doing ugly things to her privates.
u not my bottom bitch no more
Are you willing to stand up for the library in the community? Do you want to kick up some noise and demand libraries in our community?
Im sleppy... i guess its nap time :)
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
hehehe (: your welcome cutie(: what are you doing ?
Aww I am a big girl
You are the BOMB in so many ways, such a leader, yet a BOMB team player as well, you encourage me and I appreciate you so much!
I love sushi! Sucks ur not here
I'm finally getting allergies here. Itchy eyes the past few days, and now I can't stop sneezing. Blerg!
We gotta ball soon
Is it really MAY already? Let's get those diets in order, people! Cut one vice and see a change fast.
lmao they sent me to run a errands in the back, i wanted to say hi too... that place gets too hecticc
Biked to the beach with my babe n the kayaked all day and now for some bomb Mediterranean food ;D amazing day for sure!
Love between two people is such a precious thing. It is not a possession point blank!
U must be from London!! 😂
Our website can be translated with one click using the toolbar at the bottom of every page. Differences won't stand in the way of
404 on book signing url
So sad. RT Very sad to hear about Adrienne Rich's death - I wrote my senior thesis on her poetry and greatly admired her.
#MovieFactOfTheDay There are 1500 cuts in the film "300", and about 1300 involve some sort of visual effect.
lol thats a tad bit scary
Where is that billboard?!
Examiner: U did fine.but do u want to learn 5 simple n easy steps to parallel park? Me: Sure ... Examiner: Now u can impress ur friends :/
heck no I'm hittin up taco bell
I'm back on Twitter just to say I'm gone Oct 2nd for a year...I think >_>
Good report Wolf... keep the focus on the money!
I would go with Smith...at least he's scored lately. Bickell looks lost out there now. Just saying.
haha what do u charge
Kemp finished April with a .417 batting average to go along with 12 homers and 25 RBI.
Looking at the box score in from Wilt's 100 point game. Attendance: 4,124!
your promises they look like lies your honesty like a back that hides a knife ....
Italy! What about you?
in this common era plenty my friend.. Better watch out before your D starts Fallon off
Nick Mitzevich of the Art Gallery of South Australia. Picture: Kelly Barnes ... - The Australian
papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco as a write-in , with 16 candidates
The Indiana Pacers are so irrelevant I didn't even know they had home court advantage until I turned the game on.
Dan, I am just calling you out on defending some players who also screw up. Yes, Hawkins screwed up, but so did Loe. Team game.
I ve seen you come outside maybe 2 times in 6 months
oh your having issues with ipad? the app is glitchy on that thing.
T.G.I.F. #whewww | Im T.A.F. | Wut dat mean? | $100 to who guess it __________ | yea right | LOL
dem party of wis taking action to recall of republican senators.their careers in the balance yet they will take a knife for walker
"Earwax" IS SO an acceptable Scattergories answer to "Things Found In New York
perhaps it was dadboner himself
Time for wvu to go to the sec and be done with this realignment business
"Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations" - George Orwell
lovely picture, and lovely to chat with you tonight (even if it was about quote unquote serious issues).
ONE YEAR ALREADY?? wow :)
you're home, we're away!
that is a possibility. I am off on Friday.
9:30pm on a Friday Night, & I'm SO sleepy!
Why didn't you C bet?
when you get in trouble in the hallways at school for saying shit. ahaha.
Randomly thinking
Watching #TheBachelorette bc I have nothing better to do with my life
Found your web series randomly, and I have to say I very much enjoyed it and am looking forward to episode 5.
Sen. Rollie Heath arguing that the 'intervention' definition argument is beside the point.
chocolate eyes
u listen to common?
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?luv ya!! :D
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
no thanks...
GRAD STUDENTS - Tomorrow is the deadline for completion of incomplete work (grade I) from Spring/ Summer Sessions.
In North Carolina for a nice Thanksgiving Dinner with family - And, of course, all the dishes I am going to make! M Yum!
A special thanks to my sister and and my play brother for coming out supporting me last nite at webbers
that cake is awesome! Hope u had a cray happy birthday :D
How could I forget my boo. Happy Mother's Day young lady
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. LMAO cx
I'm discussing the importance of transparency and information dissemination in our government.
I'll put the order in! :-) Keep an eye on the severe weather though.
Link is returning a 502
i hate school then i love it
So wishing I was on my way to Chi-town for event at #ufconfox2! Gotta babysit the GF's parents' house.
LOL, that is precisely the way to put it.
I love that song. The world doesn't know it, but Drake made that verse about me.
when will my coughing and sore throat go away??!
that's cause we rule Lil sista. LoL. Nava was a clutch pick.
no, he's not.
Hard day! I don't go to school I have free day with my friends...
You will have a very warm welcome right from the moment you walk in because you immediately belong to our family.
All weekday lunch services are now from 11am-2pm.
May is Jewish American Heritage Month. Let us celebrate the contribution of American Jews in our community and throughout the nation.
Had A Wonderful Weekend :)
look at my face -__- what do I look like lol
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
some of our most iconic brands are re:imagining classic campaigns while embracing technology.
Lol ok. I don't like mayweather. I just like that fact he's friends with Justin. Lolol.
Arts & Leisure: Bethany Cosentino With New Sound on x2018;The Only Place x2019; Bethany Cosentino is no longer hiding on the new Best Coa
Yes! What do you like 2 pin? RT : if you're a fan of #pinterest watch #CNNSatrudayMorning. I just started using it. i'm hooked.
You also can't spell, so it isn't that you are drunk. You are actually stupid.
you're gonna do great !!
My two favorite teams in baseball are playing! Go reds!
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run
Congrats to for getting onto the blog squad. Way to go zydrewdus ilcasskus.
spending my Saturday in the ER
cuz you're gay ?
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
There goes the no-no. #Reyes singles to right
make that add my badges and widgets to my blog. Help greatly appreciated
Watching #NBAPlayoffs and an ad for the movie 'That's My Boy' comes on... looks like another Adam Sandler dud movie on the way.
okay im coming(:
will join for her live recording and Birthday BASH TONIGHT AT 7:30PM at Divine Faith in Atlanta
What did he say? RT : did yal see what Jordan Farmar tweeted?
The Pit does some serious tailgating at the games!
MUCH, MUCH better job by the crowd tonight. By far the loudest it has been in here.
I'm saving your tweet for life.
-|+--~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thanks i try *struts stuff*
it is to be expected
im not tryin to get kicked out of school and if I beat his ass like bobby he will press charges !
Walking improves my thinking. Being lost in thought while walking puts me in greater danger (oncoming cars, soakers).
and why did you put a photo of your "Instagram"? sorry, It difficult to believe in you.. :S I hope that you understand.
you should've next time we pray they bring all 14
If you want it don't stop till you get it..
anything scheduled for the east coast?
thanks! Good luck to you too! You have to let me know if you hear from him!!
you guys crack me up. It has a pee valve. Not sure if I'll use it all the time or not.
RT thurs the weekend, right?#SO to Wisconsin women running on weekdays so that they can drink all weekend
is live in Livonia with the latest on this morning's deadly crash. Tune into News10NBC at 5.
Big things happening in the world of google! Web nerds take notice!
...And I’m proud to be an American, where at least I know I’m free. And I wont forget the men who died, who gave that right to me....
Who loves Rock Band? Paradizzle's got so much Rock Band it'll make you freak right out of your pants! For shizzle!
tell her I said have a chill birthday
*tear* where is my beer?
Sexy Emma Stone, I want to date ur ass, take it how u want it...
#Mojitos after work. Hurry up please.
Damn I haven't been on here in forever
When I wake up in the morning I give thanks!!!!
anyone ever post a logline here? seems like the perfect way to practice saying the most with the least amount of words
It never really ends ;-) RT finishing ferris bueller's day off.
“: Let's all bask in the irony of Bristol Palin talking about the importance of raising a child in a traditional marriage.”
... Liking the new shirts.
#youknowwhatsannoying when you are really hungry and no energy to cook.
in a upset mood right now..gnna take a show nd then bed cuz i got work in the mornin.
sounds cool. More details on the program?
well...it's really sumthin, I have to say. I am equal parts excited and horrified. ;)
Follow Chair of who is the epitome of giving selflessly to progress the common good!
so sorry to hear that.
Good morning twitter people :)
Love Q&A sessions conference! MD- "Low Vitamin D may be linked to food allergy, less anaphylaxis in Florida" More sun & fun?
#oomf probably loved Burger King's chicken fries as much as i did...R.I.P bk chicken fries ={
hahaha okay will do!! Hahaha boy band.... XD yall crack me up! Love you guys! I'll get 'em out soon!
Wrong Joe Buck, that's a #packers TD.
Future means dealing with the Gang of Four: Google, Amazon, Apple and Facebook
maybe Roy is waiting for Seattle to get a team again!
I love me some 7 jeans!!!
Neck kisses are the best though.
you should have told me to flex or something
Calypso Cafe in Leucadia is on fire.
Hmm... Google+ doesn't believe that "Grover" is my real name. This coming from a company named "Google".
i got the oneclick app to work last week. Am downloading manager to mac later tonight.
why don't i live in the uk
Happy Birthday!! Hope it's a good one!!
General Assembly full of stupid. RT : Rep. Wanda Brown is embarrassing the entire state right now.
Thanks for your support! Check us out on facebook! facebook.com/stopthebansd
RT": I prefer socializing in the internet more than in the real life."
iPhone full of freak hoes.
I'm so bad at missing tweets. I didn't see it. I'll DM u my number. Hit me up anytime!
Tuukka looked bad on that goal, but Chara backed off too much. Chara has not looked good for a while. Bad giveaway behind the net.
I I I I Were Out!
RT : Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful. - Sophia Loren
NBA TRIVIA What team won the very first NBA game?
anyone else having issues with soundcloud mobile app not showing your stream from people you follow?
Virgin America is by far the best airlines I've had the pleasure of experiencing.
It's going 2 b 1 of thos ... Interesting days ...
Still confused why Sarah Palin would go on a bus tour, but refuse to announce any dates or times?
On a boat called "The Jungle Queen "
La Grange, Knights of Cydonia, Cliffs of Dover, Through the fire & Flames & one ^.^ Well i like them all.
looking Good (: <3
Thank you for the mention!
Bilbray voted to defund Planned Parenthood. will ensure ALL women can access reproductive healthcare.
I need to stop sounding like she's going to die every time I make her laugh. It's not like I can just stop being funny.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Hapy with it...amazed Glenn fell to #41...could have moved up in 3rd to get better reciever..surprised about Drayton Flo
- ahh...i caved. Just got back from an awesome bike ride through Bemis woods. It was pretty damn nice out!
doing what I do best bro. Just came to say u have awesome work
yeppers...so when you wanta I'd like my nipple back.
Conversation has veered away from tables and is now on the lazy youth of today.
Hope we have a future frontcourt with and at UK one day
she probably has been hurt go rescue her
in the city now gawddd
Universal Truth: If you photocopy or print out one personal document a year at work, that’s when the printer will jam.
Almost back in S.A.!! West Texas showed mad love!! S/O to Cream from Swagger's, Rekluse, Ese Busta, & Smuc!!
"You're killing me smalls!"
I miss you!! IM DOING SCRIPTS BY MYSELF LOL....
Earnest people doing really good work has been the big + for me at #ITC12. Tech/media sophistication, not so much.
What do you enjoy most about being a #physical #therapist? At the same time, what is most challenging?
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them:) 💗
First episode of Torchwood. I want that spray lotion. Imagine the fun!
glad you liked the article! has some great comments
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Hell yeah we do
Now back to studying.
I’m sweating as my silver Accord idles in a long line of cars waiting to cross the border.
Guild Wars 2 may be the first ever game I get the 'fancy tat' edition of. As long as $150 doesn't somehow convert as £150
You should talk to He did both Livingstone & Archimedes spectral imaging. I believe costs falling
lol well I'm getting tired soo ill tweet ya later :) lol bye!
- Happy to help in a small way. Looks incredible! Good luck!
That's what irritates me most, that they call themselves a "baptist" "church"...more like an org. dedicated to hate crimes
I am warming up to this Monday night at NBC Nightly News thing.
Haha. I had information overload too! RT : My brain hurts. Thank you for everything !
She too bad to be mad over a nigga...
K whts ya numbr ill hit u up
<---I hope this is his twitter...
Check us out in the January issue of VCPN, our Auto Lensmeter is featured in the article "Out with the Old..." by Larry Guess LDO
Chicago Ridge Mall iz ghetto now though for that Aldis -_-
fuck I cant wait till i'm back to 100% ; day by day (:
is a great Director !
I've just never been much of a smoothie person . . . but the kids like them--I could be a nice mom and do it for them!
Next thing you know, Lil Wayne will be doing Colgate commercials! lol
ah...gotcha.
Trying to get to follow you is like trying to make the floor talk. Not gonna happen.
You're welcome. :)
thanks so much for the mention!
Noon maybe?
I wanna sleep but Comedy Central is too live right now. Tom Papa is hilarious!
your optimism is inspiring!
can't it be both?
HE IS SO STINKING CUTE.
LIVE! at The Epicentre in San Diego! FEB.18th w/No Bragging Rights! ..be there!
Hey how are you.. DM
we got this 2maro!
/ if he beats the patriots once this season he has a chance of being successful this season.
Yeah it is, how about scpa
yooooooooooo!... I miss laughin with u my friend. =/
Track meet todayy, i wonder if we're gonna win ?
-- Will Rogers #quotes was a favorite of my Dad, Reminded me of Dad and some fond memories of him. Thanks for posting!
I am too. Dx
That nap sucked dick. I need to start turning off my phone when I try to nap.
#quotes I'm doing everything I can to sabotage my career. It's a little thing called "fear of success".
RT : The glare is kiling me! RT : Manu's bald spot gets worse by the day. #Spurs (BLINDING!)
I can't wait to hear what y'all r working on! love u guys
Shut up!I'm gonna lose 8 lbs.
Good day for the warriors yesterday. Shouting to da panthers running in ky today
WHY do you have an alarm set to go off every 9 minutes starting at 7am when you don't get out of bed until 10?!
beware the thieves of imagination.. <3 bri
So yall really think okc gonna lose this series?
Yes I know I misspelled- trying to avoid solicitation :)
working on new songs for our holiday show and Christmas eve service :)
maybe. I'll let u know.
LLN. In 6th period today i almost fell asleep because we were watching this video on the moon and the light was off and i was really comfy😝
I loved his mirror and his dog toy was questionable.
OMG . . . . things are gonna get easy some day
Turning from the game.
He takes shots at Bama and others just like he does UK. Some takes are funny, it is what it is.
": this bitch is cray! #crackinmeup" if you only knew!!!!
I spent the last 30 minutes of the Pats game pacing around my living room. Been there, my friend. Hang in.
The trucking industry is pretty contestable.
breakfast report: david terrified by pop-up ad. "hey, it's just kelis!"
So many people hating on Christina Aguilera. Which is exactly how I know we would be besties
Has gone Cat-5?
Just a little bit longer till the semester is over and I start my summer of traveling!
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Melancholia on Netflix! I'm so there.
Thanks for date night at La Jolla Playhouse
I feel fantastic today: focused and motivated. Feels good!
In ten short days rates go up for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/Inaugural 5k! Sign up now for best price!
Money. Today. Money. Tomorrow.
soon to be featured in the German Wochenblatt....nice
Problem w/ display of diacritics in various languages? Adjust the font settings using the 'Configure Font' option on the Setup menu.
Yeah! When's your birthday?
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
watch the NHL will insist we throw octopi on ice to slow pavel down!
Love or hate Bo, he deserves a face-to-face with the kid, not just a generic phone call.
Apologize for the unannounced early close, the wind was a bit too gusty to keep my canopy up and the rain finished the deal.
Been looking at your website. Nothing independent about it. Reads like a wish list of radical left issues. Cover blown! ,)
Love when our customers repeat!!! Don't miss the chance to try my new spring menu!!!
Spent to much money this week -_-
BIG DONKEY SMASH!
yeah it is!!
going to a big turkey dinner tonight! :D
All i can say is wow, dam, wtf, hm, gotta get it
#GoCougs Nice win over the Beavers tonight. Congrats to and his players. Time to beat Pitt!
Who has iMessage??
Google must have figured out I'm female. Now I'm seeing cosmetics ads before StarCraft replays on YouTube.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
ill Watch that too!
The eve of the eve party tonight! DM us to reserve your table & #MVP at the door for free cover
Thanks for posting this article. We open August 19th!
Congrats to for getting the "Volunteer of the Year" award!
I just cant get you out of my head, I want to kick u out of my head, Get the Faak outta my head. >:/
I followed you!!
MUST B SLEEP
I don't exactly understand the importance of the religion of an elected official, however 16% of Am's believe Obama is Muslim.
When beautiful girls go for ugly ass guys
so bored!!! X( relatives left a/b two hours ago...and there is nothing else to do! the house is even clean.
you MUST drop the Eleanor Rigby remix! My buddy and I still talk about that since the last time you were in the Chi!
o my belly is stuffed.....I need to burp! Thank goodness for a coke!
Maybe next time though! (: how are you guys?
#thenewgirl is the only show that makes me laugh aloud. Koi in my dress!
S0S S0S job/internship hunting need tips/ideas
congrats! what an awesome year
Oh ard , i gotta come bye one day And yea i do :p
that pass by Rodgers looked a little Farvesque...meaning wanted to get credit for 14 not just 7
Unquestionably awesome. RT The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
I heard that. That's the way to do it.
I enjoyed #KrisyKreme's twice! I'm good for 6 months. It's so sweet it burned!
Winn Dixie Sold for 560 million and Jacksonville Jags Sold For 765 million Really nfood cost went down
I read lots of English stuff/ listen to the BBC all the time. Day/Month/Year makes so much more send.
MONEY GRUBBING ASSHOLE!
This is your life and you have the chance to make it great. So today's Text You is "I want to have the best life possible" Now expect it!
Most people use being HONEST as their reason for being RUDE. There's a difference...
Well hello!!!! Thanks a million for the RT! Your patronage of Williams Paint Recycling and our events is greatly appreciated!!!
#SoYouLikeBadBoys #RonPaul doesn't take money from lobbyists, doesn't give in to bullies, and will drink raw milk. He needs a leather jacket
Sidewalk ramps must be ADA compliant. Contact the Streets Department customer service at 215-686-5560 for further information.
What a masterful finale to #PersonOfInterest. I will be ready for Season 2.
AYE BOO. How was the biology test? Didn't study and have it soon. 😢
I need some new followers to follow me I will follow back
Oh, LA, you looks quite lovely in grey.
whew....crazy weekend
Free shot of Powers w/ checkin & we also connected to untappd.com gotime.com. Like us & we'll like you back
Reboots of Sommers' "The Mummy" and "Van Helsing" which are amongst several library titles the pair are reportedly planning to 'reimagine'.
You can SANG!!! Go on, girl!!
ima go too I miss you
I'll def keep this in mind over the next 2 wks. I think a post about how pubs and scholars define "value add" differently.
Im totally cursed with the #dude factor. Damn you chromosomes.
Personal pursuits excite students
haha pshhhb u being nice no im like the nicest one frm all u lame pple haha lmao u know u love my jokes girl o i still see da fly
At the end of the day, a 5th field goal doesn't cut it, game is much different if they get one touchdown...
this is ryan sko,my facebook, google and youtube accounts got hacked im making new one so be on the look out for my new account
Thanks! Sounds good.
I'm a dick because I'll poke @ you & I'm an asshole because I'll shit on your thoughts, beliefs & you, if you're into that sort of stuff.
OK Go video is so funny! :)
Run it in that thang like a crash dummy!
holy fuck! That's a lot of coin for a VHS
Playing Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI TONIGHT! Doors at 6, show starts at 7. Its at 41 Central St. GET THERE!
Just butchered my face with a dull razor...ow
Stop telling me to eat corn bread. I wanna gain weight not cellulite.
ugh but don't worry. That means u gon be here at around 12? Still early!!! Lets get drinks too. Lol
Steve will be emceeing at the Funny Stop in Cuyahoga Falls all wknd. 8 &1030p showtimes Fri&Sat Come on down!
is there a list of dnode middleware?
Who knew I had such cool neighbors!?
America's Most Authentic Vintage Swing Band - Glenn Crytzer and His Syncopators. Tonight at Twins!!
The importance of outsourcing your recruiting efforts to The Emerald Agency offers many advantages.
Let's go !!! Seth Curry & Austin Rivers looking good!!!
I am hella horny today...omg
happy birthday 7!!!hope you have a great birthday
hahahahaha #dead okay 1 more time, don't blow it lol
Take a rest; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. ~Ovid
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
Cherish every moment you get, you might lose the best thing that has ever happened to you </3 never got to say goodbye
I'm back Teusday
To make eyes really stand out, wear and eye shadow that's opposite of your eye shade on the color spectrum.
I voted so many times
And yes...that was some
this weekend hopefully
good thing Charles Lang Freer wasn't a prick
Headed to another town hall in Garfield this a.m.
matt flynn and phiblin shall soon reunite
yeah, if you feel hungry for chocolate, that's actually your body telling you it needs iron. Chocolate has iron, thats why>
Well thanks sweetheart. Sorry I missed ya. -BF
Anybody wanna give me 5,000 dollars to get my air conditioning fixed? No? Okay, see you all next winter. Moving to Antarctica for the summer
Valid RT #Aries see life as a contest, a contest they are determined to win.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
Damn it I was having a good day too and as soon as I get off the bus going home my brand new aviators went under the bus and were crushed
Watching "TheMmarriage Ref" on TV. Hilarious!
Get over ur self dude
I love that show too!!!
on this boulevard
Ideating w Guy Kawasaki to get his Pinterest followers over 982! "it's a ghost town.
Prof. David Shakow’s “A Concrete Shoe for Brand X?” on prior judicial decisions published in ’s Scholarship at Penn Law....
Don't go to the usual suspects to find your costume
-- You're the best! Now time to recruit some more people :D
Glad you're enjoying the program!!
dm me your number!
I really want inside to Qin.
already asked my Facebook network... thinking about getting a Droid- any suggestions or models to avoid?
": eat qualls 1.125 million & get him the fk outta here." thats all he makes? I definitely agree.
#Seattle to #Maui on $370,RT including Tax!! Come see the Sunshine!
Rehearsal at 1pm... time to make noise...
im a 17 year old girl
When one leader uses the other as his/her pawn
I'm sure you've seen weirder shit, right? ;)
Welcome Julie Sweetwood
I love you BG eminem is beautiful xx
I could really see if I was on here doing my thang, but I'm not doing shit
i love you all!!!!
Surman at #inplay2012 - kids expect the world to be like #lego -combine and recombine cultural elements to make what you want
gotta big ass head lol
I'll always be one who cares about supporting the music scene so, you're welcome =]
Blues at the Bluseum this Sunday starts at 1pm! Bring a picnic or get your food and drinks at the balloon museum! Tix $10. Gonna be rockin'!
A6: have multiple eyes triple checking everything. Weekly conference calls 2 review social plan was helpful.
#lies RT : of course you're a classy lady we just have look at your tweets with in the mornings lol
..most black females come across so sour and bitter sometimes>>
ONE DIRECTION
Thanks for the moral support at the convocation speech &
I really like BYOD because it creates a genuine convo about using tech responsibly.
People who get plastic surgery dont appreciate what God gave them
Watch out world Joyce Thomas is on Twitter. Stay tuned for great weight loss tips.
Awaiting the call to possibly buy into another franchise. Hoping the deal looks good!
chinese for dinner ^_^
I need to wet my snake;)
I'll be there tomorrow til monday
when i say i like someone i mean it when i say i don't like someone i still fucking mean it
Marcia Griffiths live on February 19th at the
good just getting off
you both look beautiful
Thanks for the RT, Ann. And *great* to meet you F2F finally last week!
If you don't like me I'm cool with that, just don't pretend that you do......---
"Maybe in another life, when we are both cats." Name the movie... ?
965421005 is the order number and 648341550 is the case number - please help
Guys go crazy over a girl's smile
tweet-tweet racer lady ;)
editing the first #PhillyDrawAThon Blog, should be up on our youtube account later tonight.
NP: Someone To Love You (:
Last time I was in Los Angeles the #stlcards won the #worldseries. Just sayin.
Book outline done...one step closer to pissing off everybody I know by publishing stuff. Woot!!!
Im gonna go home and take a long ass nap
I followed!
Everytime I hear paradise I get all into it lol
Your posts are always so good, but this one is extra good. Thanks for doing what you do :-)
The only guy you need on life, is the one that proves that he needs you in his
Ouch. Speedy recovery wishes!
RT : I will miss everyone tomorrow. Markis leads worship and brings the word. Don't miss it. Bring someone with...
:) Thank you, James!
Djokovic takes Sony Ericsson Open title
hahaha I tried. I tried.
Fight Week/Vlog Week!!
What American literature decidedly needs at the moment is color. music. gusto. the free expression of gay or desperate moods. -Albert Barnes
the gym is pretty vacant. I think people are fearing post Mardi Gras burpees.
We Are Starting To Plan The 3rd Annual Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville In September! Stay Tuned.
Thank you very much!!
I second that motion.
imma sucker for an accent. lolz :P Will dm ya when I get to work.
My yoga teacher had a handlebar mustache. I have mixed feelings about this. Definitely reminiscent of a creepy carnival man.
EVER SO TEMPTING. Which one is this? It's not the one by your house, right?
thanks for reading them!
#mysuperpower I wish I could play every song ever made. Just by hearing it.
This squad is NOT a 3 or a 4 seed imho
Team Bohl's quarterback is in Tulsa till Saturday. Hoping I can score a few touchdowns by myself.
Why am I hearing random thunder outside?
playoffs, is Morey a genius?
Meeting with today!
key to retaining gen x/y libns so that ur succession plan can work is 2 make sure they feel heard & hve developmnt opps
the Cure is much more depressing, hell 1/2 of Tool's songs are about anal sex lol what's depressing about that! Haha
CANT FOCUS ON PSYCHOLOGY NOW...WILL COMPLETE IT TOMORROW
#night. stomach hurtss.
Hour 2 of the show is underway! Sekou Smith of Hang Time Blog on #NBA.com will join Troy at 1130 to talk Playoff Hoops.
Ugh niggas make me sick
places you can get fined, jailed, or worse just for holding hands
Actually, I think Montgomery County, MD's eval should nation's model. No offense to MA.
Hey. Whats up?
. it has been in the ICU (locked to a poll outside my apt) since the accident, i'm pulling the plug and putting it in an alley.
Hiding in the subways for sure
whats you and brianas video called?
Lol, I know u ain't just say freaky uh oh let's talk about Breee!!
what else could you ask for (relaxation)
Talking about Einstein at 1:34am is a great idea. Einstein is the man.
90210 is such a great show. Full of
LMAO ASSHOLE I NEVER WROTE THAT -_- RT : It feels so good RT“: I want to do that! RT : I was
some women are too stubborn and bullheaded to know whats good for them....dont trick it off buddy!
my twitter unfollowed wtf is it playing at.
Social Construct is a firm dedicated to planning events with character, whether clients are offbeat & quirky or refined & traditional.
Going to to study and drink Tangerine Ginger tea, my absolute favorite drink right now!
“I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes”
will you tweet any good updates for us unlucky ones still w/o a stream? Please and thank you!
Catch up on the weekend headlines as well as BREAKING NEWS this morning on NBC San Diego. We're less than 5 minutes out!
": YOU'LL GET ONLINE WHEN WE SAY YOU'LL GET ONLINE :)"
Burt Kalisky, Verisign, #GlobalINET #InternetSociety meeting. Interesting discussion of how soon will robots not humans run the Net?
Alright you have to be dumb to volunteer for this but its kinda awesome...
Your moms will love us, trust me.
You can not complain about rain California, the other day I had to deal with frozen fog. Two weeks prior? Four inches of snow! Cry babies.
see that why i dont want to go to jail because some doods gonna turn into something crazy
#ThatAintCool if you think your better than everybody else
yes, how did MLB approve it? It's so goofy!!!
Dang we having power outages
Hot guys at the gym make running six miles totally worth it
Can you please sing for your fans? Pretty pretty please :-)
no problem so how are u
Those are the best kind of week! :-)
warranty is up :/
Shellac nails - where have you been all my life? <3
Demi allegedly went to a divorce attorney but she & Ashton also went camping last weekend. Sounds a lot like Brad & Jen.
loving the brisk fall air. how could you not be happy on a day like today?
See? Not funny at all. Sorry :(
RT : Tacos may solve everything.
10 more days until
good morning
The EPA’s Renovate, Repair and Painting Rule, otherwise known as the “lead paint law”, is now in effect! Be informed on how it affects you!
A woman asks if this is the train to Sea World. There is no train directly to Sea World, I say, & her child cries.
Are you living in Chicago?
Congratulations to NBA champion Dallas Mavericks! JKidd and Dirk finally have the ring that they deserve!
Haha great quote! RT "Beer, now cheaper than gas, so DRINK, don't drive!" -- Quote of the Day
The girl kicked me to the stomach...with a few more punches it was a tie but they awarded her another point. I took 2nd but the poor gir ...
y'all tryin to figure out the me tweet/?
so true! wish we were together nomming pork BBQ :)
Maybe we have a lot of friends in different states and countries who love to fangirl :P
Hop Off Le Penis
LOL. That looks terrible! Of course it is something I want to watch. Thanks for pointing it out. :)
Mention u follow us on twitter and recieve 10% off your dinner or a free dessert
I better see you!
haha ,well for what its worth you look better than his wife lmao..
Who is your help in time of need?? The Great I Am! The King of kings! The Lord of lords!!!
C'mon 6am....my freaking eyes are dry as hell and burning ;(
Thanks for the follow !
I'll mess with those... They are super clean!
Scared much :D
Message to the young cats: never get braces as a grown man.
Truer words were never snarled, my man. The crazier the concept, the more enticing the game, if designed properly.
I had the laugh of the day today before the Honors Society Induction.
hell yeah finally
Hey Hon what is doing???
I would like to network with used equipment dealers...printing press and converting equipment. Email me your contact info:
Out psyche-out. Peace out!
ugh oh I'm scared hah
U right! His numbers r better then #Favre #Brady #Manning #Marino #Kelly #Star #Montana at this point!! Hes the best ever!!
why take Tannehill this year when youre gonna be in position to draft Matt Barkley with the #1 pick next year?
I disagree, learning should be part of your work. Learning is like rowing upstream...
The most wonderful time of the yrRT :Friendsmas with and Finally starting to feel like the Holidays!!!!
is absolutly beautiful inside and out and its almost impossible not to love her to death
Are you a wiz w/ #graphics? Do you understand video #production? Do you know how to produce graphics for TV? If so, reach out. Awesome job!
Good point
Glad you liked the foie! TBD when 9000 quad will return; just went thru 2 kegs, so time to rotate. Will announce when it's back.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Roommate (live updates)
I'm gonna do it this year!
RIP Duck Dunn. MGs/Stax bass player on some of the grooviest soul and blues songs of all time. From Otis Redding to Aretha to The Blues Bros
having fun! Happy bday !
Unintended result of gaming in museums: teaching 21Century skills & museum literacy
Lucky you! Sleep on the flight!:)
just went to a raiders ggame with my dad. so much fun.lol those chargers were really mean to me though
apples and nutella
If you're out by city hall for the next hour (until 2) stop by and get some hot chocolate from the Biz Kid$
In flagstaff so about 4 more hours to Vegas
foundations students, have you stopped by Pizza Shuttle to see our Andy Warhol cow?
I found an excellent place in Calgary called Seoul that you should try sometime.
Some things are better left unsaid.
I know my heart was broken when he told me that but I'm just going to get me another card so I build up
Watching the episode of Happily Divorced that I missed last night. I tend to miss things on tv. This is what the internet was made for!
Thanks! It's an awesome class.
Getting the game play all laid out for music festivals & of course SXSW 2012!
Hi. How ya doin. I'd like to tawk to you. But you don't ever talk back. Oh, and everything you do is adorable. So tell "Her" to back off.
We're trying to raise $100 for the WWF ... 10 cents for every new follower of this week! Please RT!
#tigers and Rays. Both 3-0. $10 tickets. You really should be here.
so awesome!! Are you going to attend SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
fuck Three Rivers
Give the gift that keeps giving. Genealogy, learn how to start tracing your families past.
front of stadium ny statue of Billy
I manufacture you hoes , put on your makeup bitch
NEVER!!!!!! We can agree to disagree, and that's all! #Realtalk RT : ADMIT YOU WERE WRONG, KEVIN !!!!!
classic track.
I Put Some Money On Yo Head , Yeah Thats A Paid Thought
Just live your life !
New YORK!! American classics: opera guru, Robert Ashley, tonite @ St. Mark's Bookshop, 7pm.
Amazing night of baseball! Wow!
I guess this is what happens when you blow up the team after you win a cup. Yet it wouldnt be the first time my team came back from down 0-3
sleep sleep and more sleep.. then off to Maldives for our honeymoon :)
I miss my Kreuzberg coffee shop (and its Quark)
Damn! It was only 2 hours ago. :(
Wow Tevez, wow. That's a whole other level of douchebag, congrats.
VAcoeds.com is coming to SW Virginia this August. Check out our site for updates, details, and job opporunities.
How did I miss that?
Got Bitches On them Mollies Rollin all Damn Nightt .
i would agree
trying new items at work. I've never wanted to pound Pepto more...
is so sick of looking at content for the website - however, rocks, if you need copy check them out.
We don't make it rain, we start
Definitely RT : i bet barack obama says "goddamnit, joe!" w/in the confines of his office at LEAST 10-12 times a week.
Just got back from watching "The Phantom Menace" -- yet again! It's supposed to be in 3D. But, aside from the titles, it looked 2D to me!
Subway for lunch makes me instantly think of ;) This sub's for you!
should you do something for someone who has never done anything for you but will cause you minimal effort?
When she says sorry say so am I.
Well done!
I had a great birthday :) Thanks to all the people who made it that way!
i'm slick without the lubricant
follow back please lmbo :D
X FACTOR FINALS TONIGHT
thanks! Glad you like them. :)
Walking the dog while sweet husband makes breakfast. More pretty art modeling this afternoon thanks to Life is pretty rad. :)
The type u drive a benzz real slow 4
congrants to you too, fancy pants!
Cheering for , my other hometown team, in Partially Frozen Eight contest vs. UMass-Lowell. Go Dutchmen, beat those hyphens!
following(: how do you have so many followers??
I know, right! & gosh darn it, if I want to eat kids, that's my choice!
Ironically going to go home and read more articles about how latina lawyers tend to feel isolated: attempting to meet both professional and
Amazing company. RT great to be sponsoring event today. We're aiming to hire 20 more in the next 6 months.
Why not ask to speak on Web Dev?
#mkenye2012.....live on! twitter Ball drop celebration, Wine & Liquor giveaways #2012 champagne toast...Models , Bottles, & much more..here
yea I had to blink a few times to tell it was Jared Leto!
happy #Bunny day back atcha
it never signed me out of formspring haha thats where im tweeting from lol
i love your life
Happy birthday Jay z i love ur music and I'm a big fann and happy happy happy happy birthday too you
not a chance in hell I would sign that.
12 days until Revo San Diego!
Congratulations! We received a similiar award from this year, and it boosted our passion. We are so proud of you!
Having a great time with my team members at the game!
they're all over the place!
that picture you posted still has me laughing
D-cup? Tiny? Only in "The Land Of The Giants!"
Bickleys class today...
Thank you!! We love you!!!
Why r u drinking ketchup? My magic meatball told me too feeling random!!! I luv penguins <3
Your pictures are sensational!
I know... I have a "chat-alohic" challenge. So many great convos, so little time!
I have about had it with Phil Woodman. Enough. No one wants your expired groceries.
m lucky!
3 out of 3 correct on the Slocum Memorial Quiz! I've always found the story of the General Slocum morbidly fascinating.
#Vikings look good in their purple pants! SKOL
YAY!!! Twitter jail can be a beast!
yeah, the intro from "Careless Whisper" just popped in my brain.
Urgently need #German trainer to deliver business #language training in #Lichfield area. Please RT if you have language contacts - thanks!
"Content shouldn't be a wall of noise" Dan Roam
Congratulations to the 9 graduates of the FACT program!
What does #drupa still have in store?!?
this lady just got a bowl of white rice at chipotle? just rice...
absolutely! Um, oh you meant upright. Lol.
Jan, a woman with beautiful heart and spirit, Happy 46th Birthday. Embrace and "Enjoy" it, u deserve it. Much love 2 u.
unprotect your tweets fag
It's not that... looked like you did it for work. I wonder how time management works for creatives. Pay by hour, pay by effort.
People that post there number on a social networks for attention <<<<<<<
The Weeknd at Hollywood forever....why do you have to be sold out????!!
It aint no church n the wild huh? Well tell me who u think I write 4? Folks wanna call this gospel rap... nah homeboy this sacrifice
Anytime hun so what's the next concert you plan to hit?
someone grabs your hand, slaps you, and than says why are you hitting yourself makes you want to punch them and say why did I just punch you
flying F16's in Colorado this week
To what?
what the hell? they killed aka cane on Y&R today.....no, please, dont go!!!
LOL I know and I've been voting every hour just about hahah I hope it works
THAT's Y we have so many Cali transplants! Tell whoever spreading the secret ... it's a secret! ^_^
welcome to the Patty! Happy St. Patty's Day! When will you join the team?
in the bathroom: "POWER PEE!!!"
Ok... I can blame you.. LOL... just kidding
#Cavs have recalled F Luke Harangody from #Canton. He'll be with the big boys for remainder of #NBA season.
nigga you spelled my name wrong bro!!!
Nf ": #nf in ya world now #follow a real nigah back baby :)"
#ImSingleBecause I refuse to settle for all the junk out there.. I rather wait it out til the one who is perfect in my eyes comes around
Is that woman really wearing music notes on her dress???? Awful.
I'll take it:)
Lets Go Pens. Make the haters eat it!
so no word on the co op mode or what? zombies?
Olde wobbly at the controls
only in your dreams haha <3
Excellent choice! Enjoy!
Loving the homemade banana bread my roomie made:)
You can't even tell I burned myself. My hand is red on red.
you got flashed what
I got some comments back from reviewers on a paper of mine. Can I send the editor a "Revise & Resubmit" recommendation on these comments?
Today was a good day. I got a new bookkeeping client!
As much as i want to check how you are doing, i will avaoid it! I should stop myself! I don't wanna know anything about you anymore!
Q. What do you do in case of fallout? A. Put it back in and take shorter strokes!
Good question to ask #Hopeless editor - Joshua, is voting an illusion? Whaddya think?
scored the best deal in wireless. If you have T-mobile or want to switch to tmob and are looking for new phones talk to Jess on Eagle Road
Really? #modonna? thats the best you can do #nfl?
Mardi gras event is finally here. Tonight 9pm Ida noyes hall. Comes get your fortune told and eat free food while listening to lovely music!
:O holy mother of god
stop talking about Geraldo and Newt. They are distractions. Keep talking about
hi:) yes I'm here at fondue area
shut up
he is jealous
What moves you? Celebrate this love! <3 <3 <3
if Pootie Tang had a larger vocabulary, he'd definitely say: "#dontlebronme."
Banging your head against a wall uses an average of 150 calories an hour
Hey all you vampire diaries fans a new episode is on tonight at 8
Only bros know how to turn around a shitty week.
Listening to Russ streiner, co producer of night of the living dead at "film industry panel" for allegheny county bar association
Up way too early like a kid on Xmas day. Downtown and ready to race!
My friend Jeannie just told me about the Bar Method. Are you going to a class?
Either you learn enough that you want to or you have been hurt enough that you have to
I'm going to support our friends Any #OpOliver supporters wanna come?
Old school nickel back :)
Oh ur just bunched up wit excuses aren't u?! Lol :-) and why not its not like ur gunna be tracked down
do u have a good sports blog where u take a stance on a topic? if so, reply 2 me- i'm interested in posting it on blog (you'd b contributor)
House proposes raising taxes on the families of 5.5 million low-income #kids to purchase two submarines we don't need
go get one
isn't it amazing how technology can positively impact a child's life? Love it!
#UVa shoutout FTW! Happy Founders Day! :
Thx push RT : Happy Mothers Day!!!
I smell GNAR
So, am I wrong, or is Hawk wrong? I thought it was "Tank," not "Tanks."
Following back followers now. Having to unfollow some unfollowers to add them ... Thank you for following!
They're Filming the movie "NOW" starring Justin Timberlake. On set watching them shoot this scene.This is a action movie be sure to see it.
Wild Thursday's is jumping
How does someone text 3 or 4 people at once? I freak out when I text 2 people at once and my phone goes off constantly.
Getting ready for my Moms surprise party :) how are you?
"they see me TROLLIN, they hatin'..."
Caught the ending on the radio. Glad I missed the best game of the year probably...
SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH!!! I can't wait!!! Why must I wait 4 and a half hours!
and then in an instant, it was on CNN. She had passed. I couldn't believe it. It was so positive and then, in an instant, she was gone.
heck yea is sold!
picture of champions! Go
Go RANGERS!!!! Put up them antlers & get out your claw ...
word RT 90's R&B was THE SHIT, current R&B IS shit.
thanks for following! MT Mondays soon?
If Twitter was a school, I would have a perfect attendance. If Austin was a subject, my parents would be so proud of me.
Cuddled up wit my hunnie watchen BRIDESMAIDS , I can watch this movie over and over again and still laugh at it like if it was my first lol
Take a moment this morn to appreciate what you have before you set your tasks lists. Care for what you have as well as what you want!
nobody love me like you do.
it was still fun trying to figure out what song/band I was listening to, haha :)
is it on YouTube?
@, ‏ , Thanks for following!
damn I hope to marry a woman like yo momma!
I view TED as an avenue to change the world. TED is 'Ideas worth spreading.'
good to be home with my loves AJ Nala and Ariel
it was streaming on grammy.com you missed *nothing*. If colbie calliat had farted it would've been infinitely more fun.
Hope everyone is excited about a great weather weekend! Enjoy it!
Hating, & then loving, & then hating every other day. Lol.
iTunes quit urking me 😡
:) lol i have been listening to constantly this past week i'm like been there done that! See you Thursday!
for what?
u know i been good
Fear is the reason we don't take action, and anger is why we get stuck. Remove the two, and watch how your dreams and goals come to you.
RT : With every civil right there has to be a corresponding civil obligation. ~ Edison Haines [[great quote!]
RT : "Do not approach me when my headphones are on. This means you, waiting to make your move. I SEE YOU." - funny and appropriate.
AND IM ROCKIN MY KSWISS TODAY!!!!
New website almost done also! Music clips, show dates and locations, bio and media & much more!
take a picture of the actual burger…I want to see what it looks like :)
doing it right now as we speak
3 bowls of peach yoplait yogurt paid off, the show was awesome! Everythings PEACHY
Lol your face (:
Passed right by my old friend's house....
Enjoyed "La Carcacha" by Selena on Pandora
get to create some live background vocal charts today... Folgers, do thy work!
follow me please ¡¡¡
I love threatening text messages
Get Austin Mahone Verified <3 tweet it too me and ill RT it! :)
A month and you still don't know how to use it???
Ha!!! Sad night for Lakers fans...lol.
As opposed to the usual tech startup route: coders who learn to market by night!
Brought the nieces to a short film shoot so they can see how we roll in LA. Now they don't wanna leave.
: I recommend the jidori chicken torta at It has gravitas. A torta to be reckoned with.
i want be your dog sitter :DD i love you, send to zayn a hug from me please :DD follow and retweet please
Great photo! Do u have more?!
Good morning!
Hit up Nine Fine Irishmen & #Blackjack at with Didn't get to drink-and-schmooze with this time. Next week!
I hope my neighbors enjoyed that.
Thanks for the retweet!
hot start? 6 of 1st 8 games are vs playoff teams?
I think that after uploading the video, could not stand my brother laugh!! lol...hahahahahahaha WTF!!
Going to hunger games myself tonight. So much hype around this movie its time to check it out!
Thanks for the follow ! :)
Heading to chitown...
too cute such cuties
I really hate everyone except for
what pickle? Haha
down to snuggle?
#IMBLASTED haha everyone get it trendning girls and guys come on get it trending
At olive garden with the most amazing birthday girl ever!
I AM JUST SEEING THIS AND WTF I HEARD ABOUT THAT! Ugh so lucky even to have an awkward moment with her!
GoodBye Gato!!:)x
#SocialMediaTip always be truthful
Thanks for the RT!
Anyone from Philly that doesnt think we are the most brutal fans in the world...is obviously not from Philly really
Local players competing for Canadian floorball team in Slovakia
#AUNEPAD How can be best report on NEPAD? asks Prof Richard Mkandawire Head Partnerships, Resource mobilisation and communication, nepad
in LA
Just have her vacuum around you.
My brother almost got suspended
yay gonna beg verizon for a new phone in exchange for the same phone, not working cause I broke mine
TALK TO ME oMFg
I accidentally switched to the new twitter.. now I'm stuck on it. Mofo.
Thanks for shout out! (:
looking forward to playing with you in Sheffield.
I been singing I told the storm all day.
LET GO of whatever makes you stop!!!!!!!
Don't get your hopes up, reception is spotty at best...
do tell
The strong shall over come all!!
but really LOL
I avoid shopping on Black Friday like the Black Plague.
good move -- it's painful. I had to walk away from the coverage.
Moth Complex songs "Swarm", "Feel Alive" & "Carbon" feature in the upcoming movie "Nightmare Box" which just shot in London :)
I love it.
I try to maintain a health balance between the two.
Come now guys let's give some credit to AMZN stock back in 97 it did great
haha you're so crazy Evan;)
You're welcome! Keep up the great DIYs!
Strawberry/banana smoothie with protein powder. can't beat it.
what site #? I got roman candles, a pissed off opossum and revenge in my heart.
Nothing feels as good as being a mom. I love it.
I do that also. I may get foreign edition covers as well if I like them.
#thestruggle in these hallways
hahah I guess I'm just unlucky!
So my Twitter Account was hacked... Had to change password.. UUHHH!
We're giving away tickets in the western burbs tomorrow to the advance screening of #MenInBlack3 on May 23. Stay tuned.
.'s virtual Republican convention really ought to look more like the Imperial Senate
People shot me with guns and arrows.. And I didn't die OR wake up.
Happy Birthday ! tipped me off :)
why you watching them outta order?
Yawn. You fucktards are boring. Piss off. I got a game to
Congrats to #BP30 getting taken by the #Ravens I'm round 3 of the #NFLdraft #templepride #templetuff good luck down there to Bernard Pierce!
I'm sensing an A+++
Watching #CAHA Tier 1 State Finals in Lakewood,CA
Who's waiting for #HowardStern tonight? I can't lie I am, should be funny LOL
u look awesome today
#HowAboutWe; do what really makes us happy?
i like how i can understand that in spanish when you tweet it:)
And they're *still* showing Titanic 3D at my theater of choice. Three times a day! Sweet Jay-zus.
WILL YOU PLEASE COME TO PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA ON YOUR TOUR!?
"and as she held her baby close, she realized that she needed nothing more than her touch and smile...just the two of them alone....."
Im ready for vacation to be over, but not ready to go back to class... #BERKLEEONAMONDAYMORNING -__-
A country can be judged by the quality of its proverbs. - Proverb
Contemporary Event starts today! Select styles in Men's and Women's premium denim brands for only $59.97!
Touchdown in #PasoRobles for a weekend of winery visits
*All I ever wanted/ All I ever needed is here in my arms/ Words are very unnecessary/ They can only do harm.... Enjoy the silence......*
Had a great session for yesterday. Ferber, Gold, & Allen were awesome. Brorby's studio is killer. Gonna be a great record!
Your support means the WORLD to the student you mentor and to us, !
Joe Hite is on the keys tonight.
you show come learn how to flip at my gym in Miami. and Parkour Academy
Got your request for a free QR code. If you did not get 2 e-mails from me, check your spam folder! :D
“: Call Me Crazy but I #loved points too much to miss free throws lmao I wanted to shoot every tech...” - lol we kno
I love bassnectar.
A history nerd, proudly! RT : Everyone who retweeted that last bit, or answered "I don't think so!" is a nerd.
hello there to you!
Celebrate new year's eve-eve with us tonight! We have live music and ....beer!
Thanks for the love and wish ya were here! Ryan says hello from
"Some people want it 2happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen"-M Jordan Championship game 2night!
we do but.... I am not suppose to interrupt.. lol
Ya is the man. I've been listening to a lot of NFG Pandora lately and ATL comes up every other song
I agree. Justin has an eye for sure RT : Job very well done and for the
it's OK ben
You're amazing!
I got a spot in the hang out - are you participating too?
Amy Lee is General Lee's cousin, untrue story. Plus she's hot and whiny.
The administration KNOWS what Paterno will say & how it will devastate the University There is NO excuse 4 any if this activity
If I make it to Texas for the Marquez fight I need to get me a #GodSpeed shirt. Been trying hard as hell to get one!
Last question! Question #5: What company based in Lutz makes awesome Flight Simulators?
THATS EXACTLY WHAT IM SAYING, you either have the killer instinct or you dont
- April Fools! *tweets photo of him wearing a bald cap* ;)
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
It will learn. Just give it time.
Shut up. I was talking to me.
"Blend" would imply several synthetic cannibinoids. What about the detergents, binders, psychoactive compounds?
tweet tweet, haha i just tweeted
I think imma just order alot of stuff that I need.
USE THIS COUPON for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout! Enjoy!
#rbs6nations I reckon Italy could take this one
that's blonde?
Finally changing up the profile pic... giving Fremont some digital love.
Los said "mommy that a ugly green shirt u have on change it it's too little"lmao
If you are in the airport there is no need to wear your sunglasses. Especially if they are 5 dollars, they don't help your appearance.
i know ugh i don't even wanna start watching it without elliot he's so beautiful :(
#cxo I think we may have some significantly different views of "wow"
Concerning? Reviews???
'And I've never bathed in yogurt...'
Platypus Diversity (tm) - "Action By Choice, Not By Necessity"
“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.” Thomas a Kempis
Step Brothers gets better every time I watch it. It's good to break from work and have a lot of hard laughs.
no): lol who's it by? i'll look it up..
Which one are you?
187 miles till LA
Sleep on me if u wanna take a dirt nap!!
I don't necessarily believe in family over everything. Blood can be just as useless as water. Anybody is capable of fucking you over
I know right!! Gotta change that
Thank you. I'm excited & humbled by your statement. RT : u r most welcome. I am inspired by how you started to give.
Order sent to Carly in IA!
So pumped to play in the #octocatinvitational. Our team looks mean as fuuuuuuuuu... :-)
we wish! We will have music just on fb just for you :)
oh really?
sittin' next to some bitch ass nigga
...and C only concerns itself with text -- not movies, not music
watz good ma
Job hunting and now I'm tired.
If you're always a victim because your wife says so, you need to turn in your man-card.
Skipping school for the rest of the week. Going to London tonight to go see Justin Bieber with my 3 best friends :)
well then: Good Luck - Good Luck - Good Luck
Im not feeling good, but The Weeknd will help
was a blast last night hope we make it ti round two and good luck to the kther great bands
Long day.
Ahh the smell of burning hair in the morning.
oh thanks!
who cares?
I really hope so. Good luck to your team.
Guy in the band before us smashed a guitar. Too bad he was a giant fuck-face and his band sucked.
Connecting with the ultimate source of love is possible through discovering the hidden power in your heart.
Beautiful day in San Diego!
