"Molly lets get pregnant together!!"-
Great day at thanks
A mind lively and at ease, can do with seeing nothing, and can see nothing that does not answer.
You keep my name in your mouth but it keep your bitch on my dick
Hmm, is it proof read or proofread?
and all i do is wait..for a text that will never come..containing 3 words that will never be said..
Bijoya Greeting to you all from Enlime Team
I'm on my #GAMS... Grown Ass Man Shit
You're super hot, fire hot somethin' like the sun in the sky.
Writing old-fashioned print headlines. It's comforting, like a plate of mashed potatoes.
I enjoyed...lolz I was gonna ask yhu what but I was bein slow nd didnt see yhu put it up all ready lolz :)
"The Cerebral Approach to Fitness"...This is MindFirstFitness
Proud of my little bro, Brian Dickens, in his role as Fantasia's manager....he is always a winner!
omg got surprised at work by my bffl
So everytime I do this 👌 everyone thinks I'm coping & but I'm not it is also an Okay sigh! So chill👌
welcome to AZ!!
Just got my Incubus tickets!!
S/O TO ALL THE PRODUCERS WHO KEEP SENDING ME BEATS FOR MY MIXTAPE THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE...
I know if just saw you at school , but I miss you already . <'3
well I've been in the same boat as you, so just go for it(:
Ever since Android got instgram all these damn followers now,some stuff jus need to stay iPhone only ..
it's just a shout away
What's slimy, cold, long, and smells like pork??? ...Kermit the frogs finger ! [Its #dirtyjokethursday] What u got?
we have the same color bed
Thanks for sharing your story at the event this morning!
I wish it were more then just one project, though I must say, creating a 90-second stop motion video is hard work!
I know, it was SO LOUD. Thankfully I had Judy to hang out with. No idea what happened.
#theLabNYC Thx for the time today. will try to catch you next T/W? Plenty of SeeS.aw feedback.
": Any thoughts on the Jacoby Jones signing?" Love it. There is ur Return guy
i love both versions!!!
Thanks for the follow ! :)
Nick, please follow me? It would mean so much. <333 I'm not kidding, I would cry. :')
if you're coming to the next SY (2/14 RRB 7pm), pls pick up some toiletries, esp tampons or sanitary napkins; collecting them for The Haven.
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Tevin Baskin on his commitment to Appalachian St.
": i kno denial in public has to be a bad thing but shit its just twitter." (she thinks Twitter is the public) #getalife lmmfao
well really they are two mistresses fighting for the hand of Uncle Sam
Sure we all voted for mason ryan instead of sin cara to fight evan bourne. Really? Even non smart fans would have wanted that.
having poignant thoughts in my medicated dreams today, maybe.
everyday:) 2 hours minimum a day.
im cool like that
I just called my guy on the phone because it's too much to go downstairs and chat with him.
lol I'm at work sorry :P
New Viewer's Choice Results are shown in the 'Viewers Choice Results" tab of our Facebook page...enlarge it and enjoy!
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in... China. Yup.
This summer I am thinking skirts and a panama hat.
The Lions do need a cornerback something fierce. I'll go with the best cornerback available.
Dear Roy, tomorrow's practice = Defense and foul shooting! Bad performance in Vegas
Hey did U see what Miki said !
Nothing in the story suggests that was Gingrich's motivation.
Three Stooges Sweatshirt Larry Viva La Stooges Royal Sweat Shirt
Was happy to see my detainee client in Irvine. In 2 weeks we get to convince the judge that he deserves to go home.
you're on fire!
the current system, dominated by private insurers, is not sustainable in the long haul.
#Nw The Wood
you hit me up earlier today, right?
I think in store so its like in their face yk? Lol and yeah dude she was the bad worker
Waiting at a bar for 45 minutes to get an order is just disrespectful. Thank God it's a Strip Club.
Yeah yeah yeah
conference proposal submission deadline extended. Now if we could only finish these papers by then too
I just saw it! Thank you so much! I'm looking into it. Keep me updated. Good luck during orientation week!
Pretty Rickys songs still does something to me, makes me feel like I'm being made the best love to just from listening to the song*
scorpio rising = me... ;)
I do think KS is doing something fresh, though. The relationship piece and cutting out middle-man change funding.
#kids Kids Rhythm Club at Music 4 Life, Inc., Sat, May 12 11:00a: Calling all kids to drum together for fun, making new friends! Drums...
Schedule making for
I'm LOVING @ #luckyFABB! I'm definitely going to make sure to listen to that little voice inside me
Who has played the latest Gears Of War Three game yet, and what do you think?
I don't think I can make myself any more obvious that I still care.
The unpacking still continues. I think it will be months before we're settled in here in Ohio!
At fridays hungry than a mother
about midway through ... I was at the bar.
it's sad that great shows like these don't appeal to the general public in this day and age, but maybe some day...
keep it G tho .... You love me like a fat kid love cake
Shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride.
Haha Douhat must have goten an ulcer from typing that last paragraph. It was a 2 step game; The bishops got schooled.
He kissed me #ImNotFallingForThat follow
of course
Did the lovefest break up? No wonder he's been so moody. Either that or he's been on his period.
Packed and ready to roll!
RT : i'm following you because of !!! 5 days a week!
I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning! If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you. :)
You know me...I tout Thrive every chance I get
hm. no one told me that... but oh well. I can reschedule if needed. Or just the girls. Whatever :)
My parents. Bought. A shakeweight.
Anyone going to any good concerts this weekend to wrap up the summer?
If you added negative equity from a prior car, you’ll never reach an equity position unless you covered your negative with down payment
Studio flow
Fremont - I'll take it! I want him to be British but not distractingly so. Alex Fremont. That works.
Could the earliest signs of life may actually be from the future?
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour! Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
A poll shows 50% of Chicagoans now believe that the city is on the right track, a five-year high and way up from just over a year ago
AT&T just launched to encourage conversation around education in America. Join the discussion with
I've seen it. Called. While on the phone with 9/11 it stopped to pick up a passenger. Weird.
Traffic sucks right now, ugh.
Need to make my next to-do list....
good advice, had almost made that decision myself. U pushed me over.
UNFOLOWING EVERYONE RIGHT NOW UNLESS U FOLLOW NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!? GOODNIGHT! I LOVE YOU!!!<3
what's the deal?
": Do not lose hold of your dreams. For if you do, you may still exist but you have ceased to live - Henry David Thoreau"
Detroit at the moment.
#plone trac currently has ~300 less active tickets than a month ago. Let's keep going!
They may just stop covering Finley
Flavor of the week- Tiramisu! Need I say more?
Can't believe the school year is basically over and I threw it all away by not giving a fuck what my grades were..
UW associate AD Justin Doherty, who needed to receive the letter by the end of the day on Fri, was out of town and had no idea doc was there
I cried when was shot on CSI</3 never scare me like that again:(
Thinkin bout cookin 3 different kinds of chicken, hot wing, roasted chicken & some lemon lime chicken w/string beans & rice pilaf w/season
your the one that was supposed to remind me!!!
I also may have Q-fangirled all over her, but she was very sweet about it. O well, it happens.
y'all are too kind :)
Time to round up your karaoke backup singers
Soy un perdedor ": I'm a loser baby. So why don't you kill me? 🎶"
It's February! Feels like March. Very skeptical of this weather. But enjoying every sec. Excited for some time with the hubs tonight!
Shopper or Grocery IQ? Discuss.
RT: Infographic: 'Systematic' and 11 other 'most misunderstood' English words t.co/f2qnb10a
flash light or light so u have a flash light if u need one.
sounds great!!! Yankee girls are ready to party!! Woop woop!
Your idea for creating a Design Bucket List is fantastic ! I'mma write one, too!
Enjoyed NAGAP and SACAC this week, but DC to BNA to Austin has made me so tired. Ready to go home, and somehow run the on Sat!
I might actually watch this NASCAR race. Go all 42 drivers not named Earnhardt.
I liked Jeremy Renner more when he was gay.
Today's Special: Steak Fajitas! Come on over for lunch!
I know nothing about ours, wife bought it a few years ago, I never read instructions, I just dump stuff in it and go
“Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!”
Girls, don't wear so much eye liner to where you look like a raccoon.
you don't understand the excitement all #13millionbeliebers are going through. We're such a big and happy family.<3
How Will I Know
Why why ?
Merry Xmas to you, Kia. Hope you get everything you wanted ;)
grappling with the role of #broadband to empower isolated and non-English dominant communities
I know you're just talking, but I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. Few people can survive unearned riches at those levels.
JAMES HARDEN
Happy February? I think this calls for some #freebies!! Check out www.wearelux.com
got my eye on this 2012 beamer, put all the trust that i go into this fucking shell keeper,
Bitches in the crowd creaming themselves when Corey Hart makes contact
P-butter fudge, pinwheel cookies & Buckeye's are made. Cranberry scones, biscotti & more later. LOVE making Christmas goodies.
Bieber may be hating it, but Selena Gomez is LOVING it. :]
should follow me back, ive bin voting all day . .
Shots shots shots ;)
I know. And it that game vs the Reds was just sick. Seriously like a Steelers playoff game at PNC.
You can adopt the attitude there is nothing you can do, or you can see the challenge as your call to action. - Catherine Pulsifer
Also dude you gotta do your -moz- testing!
Thanks to all my new followers!
:) I LIGHT UP Britney Doss's life!! I feel smug :) Love u Lady!
Eat healthy, think healthy, be healthy!!
"You know we have to talk about my drawings." - (cc )
If u want it. U woulda got it
Im versatile I can flow to anything brah
Do you/did you work for 38 Studios? Talk to us. 100 percent confidential and anonymous --
Wowww...how old are you!?!?
WUZ UP EPPS HALLA AT YO BOY !!!!U KNOW I GOT THE PARTY BUS !!!
state tonight! can't wait to dominate!
It's memory lane Monday #DBUalum! Tell us about your favorite Winter Break during your college years!
Just tapped, Brewing Tricerahops Double IPA (replaces Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA)
Ugh, I hate being sick. :/
dude im playing u guys too better be ready
The Website Redesign Kitcontains a how-to video and instructional e-Book:
#FF Make sure to follow the official feed for our sweet new loyalty apps: !
Off to a good start on the baseball season with a 4-1 win today.
is killin shit in the booth right now
Big game vs the orioles right now. Dont see them again until the end of July
More ignorant females on my timeline smh
idea! Thanks for the heads up. Might have to git'er done! LOL
ugh I'm more than jealous. Hope you're at Taco Toss right now drinking an Orange Crush on my behalf.
SHOUT OUT TO DAVID BANNER, THANKS FOR THE POSITIVE MESSAGES. MUCH RESPECT BROTHER.
Kathryn Whorris (Cold Case....this might be my fav)
by using the algorithm.
No...5 days of green smoothies for brekkie. "Recipes" included handfuls of fruit (varied) plus 2 handfuls spinach! Yum
for a second I thought that was a bathrobe. then I remembered the sweater.
I get to Atlanta Thursday.
Who is going to watch Desiree on this morning?
Did you know that will be sending an interactive truck to Dallas this week? I'm going!
agreed! But i still like s hill over both. No k wright either!!RT": I rather have Quinton Coples than Whitney Marcellus! #Bears"
nope, and he's not winning it tonight either
Too funny!! RT : If the #FinalFour was #WrestleMania one of these players would be from "Parts Unknown"
hahaha me too!
Dat Dude! Wow !
what about continuing education and vocational issues in
I wish people would be classy. Classy is the best.
Frank Sinatra is great driving upbeat spring music
I don't really get on twitter, i'm always on instagram.
we are so overdue for martinis and sewing.
The weather just schooled me.
Vacation weather here in NOLA and of course I'm going to work.
Pandora just gave me "Single Ladies" no thanks! Skip....
Whys are all the MMG conference videos private?
Love nightlife Love to blog. Contact us .
With the over 60 degrees out this week was a great time to clean outside windows. Wow what exhausting work.
HE FOLLOWED ME AH!;D
that's what I said
RT : Stay out of the pool until you get some swimming lessons. Stay out of the gym until u connect with your #fitness #trainer!
y do females get so offend when we leave the toliet seat up?yall dnt hear us complaining about yall leaving the seat dwn...
AWW thank youi so much. i never get tiered of hearing my fans talk about my movies.
Just got back into Pandora. Loving it.
Conjunctions/Connectives in less than 4 minutes (AQA B)
dood that tattoo is gross! D: lmao
So much for pizza.. closed...anyone at Emerald Loop?
aww Love you too, but you'll be back i promise muhahaha!
my phone has stopped working...again
AZ's immigration law enrages Latinos - #BarackObama must be saying Republicans thanks for polarizing the nation's largest minority
I really don't want to finish that psych paper
We tend to agree. It's not like anybody is prohibited from having photo ID. We're a little surprised at the ruckus.
I am to freaking happy over UK's win! I love my wildcats! <3
You know, we don't right now. We're still working on our new EP at Blackwatch. But, we don't suck!
I left my phone in your car..
Fareed Zakaria: Global Public Square. One of my favorite Sunday programs.
i thought better of you than to pull that... guess i was wrong. fine... IM FUCKING DONE!!! have a happy life.. i wont be anywhere in it..
Also, mosh pits have never gone out of style?
Came Along Way From Making Tracks On The Webcam, I'm Just Glad To Be Blessed Fam
hoping you're at the vet right now young lady.
-- why you do the beat like that tho
I remember how the darkness doubled. I recall lightning struck itself. I was listening to the rain. I was hearing something else.
Im sure whatever you decide will work out...btw I would to shoot with you someday, Im trying to develop my portrait photography
i dont know if it was THAT epic...
Hey you say it like you're not surprised!!!
Publicists and are at #Letterman waiting for ! Don't miss him tonight on
hey I didn't mean to I'm sad about it
Haha don't have a camera on your iPod?
GOOD MORNING MILWAUKEE! Who needs a limo for Valentines Day? One of our biggest nights of the year - book NOW!
Believe it or not, I'm glad I came to work tonight. Forcing myself to smile and encourage these patients is blessin my soul.
That's great!
(: how are you? Lol
Juve still UNDEFEATED!!!!
#blissdom2012 might have to be on my list this year. Was sad to miss the last one.
Having nice clothes...good for you. Being snobbish at your customers...TOTALLY not required.
Do we know whether Romney's 3 son's used 3 different surrogates or are all the son's children brothers and sisters? Inquiring minds....
is gunning it to 88 mph.
I'm still in college and this hasn't happened to me in ages. You owe me some pizza.
Good morning #ROC! I hope you have a brighter day than the weather outside!
Aw, thanks!
I just noticed how awkward hugging is when you have boobs and hug another girl with boobs.
radio show tonight at 6pm live on
im sorry but i dearly hate you
~Frederich Leopold von Hardenberg~ The richest soil, if uncultivated, produces the rankest weeds
follow shes new and needs more followers+she follows back!
Awkward moment when I saw Mrs Reyes at the mall on Saturday and today at kohl's....even more awkward that we parked right next to each other
How to politely tell neighbor I can hear every detail of their sex problems through the walls?
Cootie face
"'Tan mom' becomes action figure" #cnn The doll appears in tanface!!
Audition time
You say you love me, but all you do is hurt me...
How was the walk yesterday??
I can't wait. You and Shawn same time
Software test a go. better than anticipated results.
second 4.0 earthquake today to shake the bay area. w-t-f?
Y do my heart still love you when it knows ur not what's best for me
#TOURS Julia Holter New Dates
#youknowyoufromatl if u say liberry instead of library.
My film WHAT MATTERS MOST, which i wrote and directed for r4 productions is now streaming on youtube! go check it out!
Believe me I'm quiet for a reason, Give me the crown 2 coming soon for now enjoy these hot ass singles an videos I'm dropping soon!
": we r awesome." Haha. I was thinking the samething..
joined team beachbody as a coach
Not fair guys. Have not seen the Crüe live since Dr Feelgood and you don't invite me!!!???
haven't seen it--I hope it comes here. Looks like an allegory for today's wars. Love Sayles and the cast, though.
never RT : he make struggle beats now. He lost his hunger
Why is how i met your mother so addicting?!? :D
They Dykin They Like It.#FreeBoosie.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Which Christmas pudding is your favorite.....Figgy pudding, Plum pudding or Yorkshire pudding?
YEAH! Like retype your independent and dependent variables and all that 😃 it uses up the word count
flipped swooped bang straight on the sides and back
How did we get here?I used to know you so well. -Decode
&#39;con&#39; folder in WINDOWS | Zealous Engineers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES FRANCO! <3
hi Kiki, our site is mobile friendly, you have to cancel and still click play to view...
Nothing says TGIF like a vigorous early morning workout Happy Friday, y'all!
Now You Watch Your Mouth
Congratulations!! Hopefully this will make the final push a bit lighter!
Delta Air Lines and US Airways closed today on their agreement to swap takeoff and landing rights at LaGuardia and Reagan National airports.
Instagram I will follow back, mzviciouz
On my way home :D/D:
Hooray!!! RT : No deal 'imminent' for Vince Young in Buffalo
Tyler's wild #tooooooodrunk!
Idea isn't to avoid making mistakes but to make them cheaply and early...learning from them and increasing your resilience as you go..Sargut
Ready for some summer partying :o
What would you do if your acceptance letter was revoked?
davids face saw the ring...a little blurry there
Freeze them for January!
Always breaking new ground.
Good Morning Cupcakes! Hope you have a fabulous Fri! Stop by CF for all your weekend festivities!!!
It's so true. Great info shared from them! RT : Love being in sessions with and
Word RT : word some wendys would be good right now
We'll be giving away 5 plans at tomorrow's event. A year each of Small (2 winners) and Micro (3 winners). See you at !
thanks! let us know how you get along with them!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Yo, James and I use something called WorkTimer... I think. I'll check in a sec. Really simple app for Mac.
Go follow super tight pop punk from knoxville.
Rehearsing tonight for next Sundays recording session with nick/joe mcd. Quintet!
- Richard Seymour says Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce should worry more about his defense than criticizing the Raiders
- are you aging that feta?
give me an error message with a row number there damn well better be a row number on the screen - looking at you portfolio manager
Name something that no wedding should be without.
Thank you for your donation, comrade!! We promise to be the best Socialists that we can possibly be!!
There are things in life that you want but can't get
Unconventionally working in my pajamas... at least for the moment.
word me too:/
Attention all haters please proceed to the nearest tallest roof and proceed to take the fast way down...head first please. That is all.
lmaoo imma call you tomorrow hoe I'm doing mad school work right now!
Throw a Holiday Fabulous Party With Jeannie Mai It 's time to ring in the holidays —fabulously, of course! How Do I Look 's Jeannie Mai
I'm pretty sure you love it because it has coffee in it.
I had a dream Joseph Gordon Levitt was trying to have sex with me last night. But in my dream i was like "Lol never gonna happen" WHY?!
damn is it that serious ma!
All the talk from conservative christians and Tea Partiers, and the best they can come up with is Gingrich, Romney and Santorum?
You are very welcome.
Hey thanks for following Missy, you seem really bizarre.
better<3 the ice that Joe gave me helped it alot, n I think I'm fine :) the true test is tomorro morning XD
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
Young and stupid Left wide open Hearts are wasted Lives are broken
My girl wants to party all the time, party all the time, party al the tiiimmmmeeee!
DocuWeeks going strong despite Oscar rule change
Where?how!?
Stay up to date follow follow
yo there is nothing funny about that!
Shout out to my nxt bf... he's gonna be lucky
see there u go this is war shawty lol #shapow 👊👊👊
darrrnnn. i was gonna see if you were free
anything we can do?
WHATZ UP WHATZ GOING ON THESE DAYS
bout to do the english one too.
ME,I am an artist! Please follow and DM me! Thank you.
Alcoholism Statistics Advisor Is Appointed by Down To Earth Video Ltd.
C Rosario rushed an errant throw, allowing Blanco to get to 3rd...and Cabrera pops out for the 1st out of the inning; c'mon Buster
Worked only four days. I already got my first paycheck? What
I love you....and your cute butt
Greece is on the list too lol. I have a cousin in Spain, friends in Ireland, France and Albania. I need to come back!
just gave me another ab exercise. Apparently the #roos do it at the end of every workout - 3x.
Over here chillinq with my lil one n my qrandma finna chill for the niqht watch some movies.! Church in the a.m
yek. But it has to be done. Play some fun music or something!
OH MY GOSH YES YES YES!
Good luck. Nice to see a daughter of Vindication running so well.
OMG June.
#fridaythe13th is a day where I would rather not go camping. But, cheesy movie marathon is a necessity.
Wait...there are new shirts?
All of did amazing (like always) i just don't want to be upset about what happened, cus they were all amazing 
Planted potatoes, onions, carrots and peas today. Sore, but feels good.
Nigerian papers boost security after bombings
So awesome! Such a fun day! “: yall look great! have you seen it yet?”
"Now that's ridiculous. How could two people from the same family need therapy?"- Homer
got ya DM... I appreciate the opportunity, hit me up and let me know what I need to send you
IGD up, y-day for dividend re-capture, x-div. Maybe catch today at limit buy price. Didn't buy when bought for more than div. pmt.
Actually, it means HE can run any country while US Prez. Will probably start w/Canada, as Mexico has 2 many Mexicans.
I'm going to move so you can see it more clearly.
It was an honor to have former #MN05 Congressman Martin Sabo on the campaign trail at our event tonight. Thx to everyone who attended!
I hate the feeling of waking up wishing for you to be next to me, just to realize your nowhere near
You guys were great tonight! Glad I got a CD before you headed out. Will you be back next Tuesday?
When I needed a place to hang my heart, you were there to wear it from the start.
i am not even sayin i agree that a ref should all the time be demonized for their calls but calls like that are why they are
Hope everyone's having an amazing Christmas! :)
The heat need a nigga like me & on there team ..!
haha=) what do I need?
Hi Maegen, we'll get to the bottom of this and figure it out for you :)
BTW, look what came today! Buying boots in 80 degree weather is totally normal. cc
I feel super sick
Happy Birthday to JustAskBoo! Thank you, JABBERS, for all you do to help each other so much each day.
Here now! At table 54 :) w Kenny!
I'm actually a fan of the kits for #SportingKC .....
you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??
I been on autopilot. Need to snap out of it
Coffee & cigarettes = the perfect breakfast!!!!
Free pie is ALWAYS the right choice. So happy I'll see you guys there!
Sellers may be more motivated to sell now as a result of historically low capital gains rates, which may be increased in 2011 after election
Wakefield finally gets his 200th win as #RedSox win 18-6 at Fenway- only took his eighth try to get it. Jays did not go quietly in the 9th.
i want to be a English teacher but i cant spell to save my life
New Go Local member, , now offering $25 off for two premium dinners, or $50 for 4. #Go Local
GOT IT. #twittersmackleague Whiffle-ball tournament
I can't wait til next week, I'll finally get out of this hell called Garden fucking City, and go out to the country. ♥
I love driving around #stoned blasting #phish each betrayal begins with trust every man returns to dust
Holding an LGBT roundtable @ Hamburger Mary's! I love the gay community! I used to be a bear in the 80s. As #chicagomayor, I'll fight for =
Come in tonight for Southbound at 9:30 this band plays all the Rock'N'Roll classics! We promise you won't be disappointed!
Junior Seau has died? These reports true?
why do seem more comfortable retreating from content into discussing forms?
Minerva tickets go on sale this Monday! Only $25 through the end of May - can't beat that!
S/0 2 My brother from some other mother.... ....Bro come thru when needed...
Sorry, can't help. I poke my eyeball with my finger enough by accident . Don't want to start doing it on purpose.
Okay Twittersphere, I'm going to be gone all week with no net access. Please "@" me if anything interesting comes up.
The "friend zone" lol comes to mind
IDGAFOS set off my friends interest is the entire EDM genre. Props
thanks for the spoiler. ):
the switch! ... & I would b careful to not often Bay
you look better with the lights ON ;)
Done with tanning. Time to head to class.
heading on over for some #CraftBeer you going to be around?
Woot! RT always a good time with Todd @ Russell and Hualapai!
You know how we do! Philly style :)
You've been unlocking an awful lot of badges lately. Come home already?
UGH. i hate people.
Best session in a while. 12 hr poker session paid off well.
Turnt up last night
Go follow me on keek, I now I have one video up. Just go to keek and type in Alexa Treffeisen or Scootch and I should come up. So follow :D
so i should just wait for an event to see you lol i see how it is
Ready for worship!
yea when??
I'm not saying Tony Romo is the best QB in the league. I'm saying he is as good as anyone,
instead of coming home w/o a job. We're able 2 afford them serving other country w should b able 2 afford them to keep our country safe.
A HS classmate! RT Yesterday we arrested James Sroufe after he tried to pawn some stolen metal while driving a stolen truck.
Our brands differ from the darker, Euro Sprecher portfolio. We offer lighter, more American styles.
umm June...whenever nationals is over ...long season :/
Next week is the week we are all waiting for. will be on #Punk'd ! Hell Yeah!(:
DM me please
I'm excited about bringing the #Aspire Network to #ATL. I gotta get in gear with my ideas and scripts to catch his ear!
Let's go
I loved istill physco. And I love you, your amazing and so gorgeous!! Follow me!? (:
You share the same addiction, I take it? Those are just SO good... *nom*
thanks! Good to be back under a new alias :)
Woooohoooo! >>": Watch us on Gospel today! , "
“: I'm gonna hit someone or something” get some!! :)
you're kickin' butt on the exchange. Do you have plans to add content to your current resources?
"Subway map" to show development of tools/projects over time at UVA (using VisEyes/SHIVA) - neat idea
Nobody is perfect; everyone has their own flaws
#ReasonsNewspapersShouldNotGoOutOfBusiness Cheap Wrapping Paper
I hate driving my moms car
"Love my shirt "bringing hope to the hopeless' " AWESOME!
Last night I dreamt that I met and I got to hug him I hope it comes true one day (: ♥
I eye is red and itchy
You're all grown up.
The Normandy background, the red dust moon background. Its INSANE, so much detail
: elephant revival $10 but more than worth it! tell doorman AJ hi!....he's super nice.
English. Gym. Cat.
any idea when the little toddler shirt/shorts combos will be back in stock?
no because in stay in Scotland! :(, you? <3
hey there, come to tweetchat and join the party!
hmm saw my saturday going a lil bit different. at home by my self what to do what to do
Hi Jane, I'm James Adams, founder of AirPay, a mobile social wallet provider. Who should I approach about partnering?
Have an artful 4th of July!
thanks for the #FF!! Hope you are well! Met one of your new colleagues at te OAH
hey :D
is gonna win
not really..ready for the weekend?
And now it's pigeon vs. dog in the Sunday morning battle of the yawps.
they tied a game they needed to win.
Browsing French connection at this time lol
LISTENING 2 REGINA CARTER NEW ALBUM, REVERSE THREAD, AVAILABLE NOW!
featured band on PureVolume.com
Last day in my 20's- bottoms up!
ever time i see that i just
I've been to Olympic wrestling trials before, but it didn't have as many spectators #iowacity Wow!
AUSTIN<3 how was your dayy.?(:
Ding ding ding!!
Great wine tasting all, 4 wines for only $14, guess the 1 spanish wine for $2 off! (Hint: exquisite aftertaste of fruit and fine herbs)
I hate a person betray the body of yourself to a Guy Of Fake Love !
Also I'm throwing citrus at my own head for saying "You go girl" on the internet. eeeeeesh
People stay going on Lebron and comparing him to Kobe at the end of the day he still make more money than you will EVER see Lol
huh will i dont really like them lol
Hilarious representation of the US & Canada boiled down to: United States of Canada & Jesusland. -
I Swag In My Snap
": If I had a bf with a cute penis I'd kiss every morning ha !" Lmfaool wtf just popped in my timeline lol
haha I forgot what was tweeted
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I dont like people being disappointed or mad with me.
Man. I love how Justin Bieber loves his fans. And Peyton Sanders(: Austin doesn't treat us right. Alex treats us better than Austin.
So I found a #revs jacket, a #rapids jacket but I have yet to find another jersey at ross. Where are you #ravegreen !?!?
First election I've ever won
Rhode Island has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
#ParadiseJune5 Can't come any slower!!! Hurry!! I'm so excited
I Hate When Guys Are Named Bj ... It bothers me
I apologize and withdraw. I thought we'd met at the annual CPDA seminar in Redondo Beach where I taught the Pitchess section.
Grrr. It's all b.s. yet so effective at slamming even smart women's self esteem.
Pathetic. Clearly some kind of last ditch effort. “: So, Google+ has resorted to TV commercials to get people interested?”
Ok. Gonna give Downtown Abbey another shot tomorrow night. I'm on a mission...
Psalm 119:96 To all perfection I see a limit, but your commands are boundless.
Pilates class at Chatham Village today at 6 pm.
The fates have seen fit to give me the day off. I think I'll go for a bike ride, take some photographs, & have a drink, or 4.
Time flew by! Thanks for joining us and be sure to check out the #Happiair truck
RT : I get concerned for these babies out here whose mother's are out here with a different dude every week ..
you know he's gay tho? so he can teach ya how to suck a cock lol
LOL some girl is plucking her eyebrows in the hallways. then she like brushed it out with the spool thing lmfao.
Thank you for your donation to RIF.
Super Bowl will be NY vs NE part duex
I stink at maths.
I wanna go skateboard
Home from practice; time to take a nice cold refreshing shower.
I already had retweets turned off, so no change really.
Omg hi!!!!! How's it going? Having fun?
Clippers dun came back, that came outta no where
In the 9 o'clock hour: Alex Diaz Merengue Jazz NEW + Music from our 3 CD Latin Jazz Bundle & mre. Jazz 88
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim recorded 879th career win, tying Dean Smith for 3rd in Division I history.
Of course, all these esoteric budget facts are what's really crucial to the district, but closures grab headlines and TV cameras
oh Plz believe...I totally understand..
im having a brain freeze whats the name of the guitarist? For ai?
you a fool for that one
Next week is Show your support!
Getting my nails done later :)
we are actually gonna be dropping the STAND UP VIDEO today!!! and we will be giving away tons of BikeStyles and iPhonic gear!!! stay tuned
Have a great weekend!
This Feels Like Bullshit .
Why couldnt the penguins play like that in all the games?????
Artvoice is looking for new sales reps. If interested contact
I don't know what you're talking about? (:
I'm at the bar, come out and say hi to ur customers!
It ALWAYS feels good to score a goal
I know! It is so hard to explain! I am always looking for good examples!
Tax free weekend is here for back to school! We have group messaging for all those school clubs, teams & groups.
Sounds good. Perhaps you can send us a DM with your email address and we can set up an online demo next week. Thanks!
Rock County driving reporters on deadline crazy as website goes down again
I'm hungry! Who wants to cook for me?
Mom always said that if you can't do something with a kind heart, don't do it at all. This means you...
Join the club.
exactly why you should head on over to fifth ave tomorrow night!
Here's the question for the prize. What year was Spot Organics started? First one to guess correct gets it
37% of relationship experts say infidelity is the hardest problem for couples to recover from.
If I managed social media for the Standard or the W or whatnot, I'd get you (or ) to man the Twitter.
Another crime debut with a lot of promise: KIND OF BLUE by Miles Corwin
I hope so! That would be amazing!! You working today?
We love
Sorry to hear that! You should be prepared with our app!
LISTEN UP GUYS. idk whats wrong with my twitter,but it sends stuff to people and linksanyways i'm sorry about that hope you can ignore that
That was one of you Agile Ninja's sticking his foot in the front wheel, total setup! He's pretty light on his feet
And remember, never point your librarian at anything you don't intend to access ;-)
i hate the entire school now.
Gotta make this happen!!!! Will not loose!
wow that's amazing! :D congrats. Spend it smart
“: People never change. They just become more of who they really are.”
UXCF – A UX Competency Framework - Update | World of Knight
Everyone is looking extra stylish today! John-John Williams from is here taking photos for Glimpsed at Work!
Student billing statements are now available in eSIS Student Center instead of QuikPAY.
RT: BREAKING: Tim Tebow currently in locker room watching a Bergman film, smoking Gauloises, contemplating "God's awful silence"
": Great coffee and convo at #sova with :)" thx for coming all the way out to
I'm not sure that's a lady.
Flaubert FTW! Nice find!
RT You have a dream, go for it. Take the limitations off of your self. Aim high! Excel.
thanks for the love !! See you in a couple of weeks!
Let's go Sens!
bad avocado but i'll eat it anyway
The New Raw Menu is here with Live Falafels, Wraps, Pizza, Nachos, Oregon Berry Salad and many more raw dishes Awesome Salads, Juices & more
Today's enrichment.... fossil finding excursion on the creek with the world's best preK teacher... Granny Bryn Peterson!
wow you guys are awesome. Big Fan here!
thank you Salil!
ITS Just so easy to say idk man
11 o'clock, Saturday night. That's when women are supposedly the most frisky.
Pattillo with the dunk...Jam leads the Energy 28-20 going into the second quarter
"Talent is a gift. Character is a choice."-Anthony Grant, Alabama basketball coach, quoting John Maxwell
Yahh...summer is a little bit....not optimal. I'll DM you my email/phone. Love to talk with you about it!
About to go get this "W" real quick game at 3:00 pm. Then home to relax a bit before the Jordan brand game tonight!
#IfIWereAPet I would want me as a Mom. I Love my Furbabies :)
Yes it is.
Nine days 'til Santa Anita
Holla' at the MILF at the mall.
see you saturday. Not bringing a bday gift. I didn't get one last year.
$10 for $20 Worth of Pizza and Beer at Fatso's Pizza -
In the tanning bed and a song saying " zoooby zooby zoo" came on...
Interdisciplinary research methods. Does such a course exist?
And yet somehow "helped" it?
All the boys are too busy pretending they never watched the movie to admit that they didn't know it was based on fact. :)
Tweeps, make sure you're following , tomorrow is the last day for #DD99CentIcedTea sweepstakes!
okay so i just read your twitlonger and i'm here like....YOU'RE SO LUCKY OMG, and all the boys follow you right? insane!x
Who's ready for day two? The fest is open from 10am - 5pm with tablers, workshops, lectures, a film fest and tons of fun! Bring a friend!
what's good fam?
I love my fiances family ❤
Cool weather and cupcakes go great together...we have been baking since 5am make someone smile today!
They drew your name as a winner at the closing. Said they would email you :D
Definitely not. So good.
haha no way, you win by a mile :)
hey there Mz how r u? Did u make it to da boat the other night?
happy wednesday, guys! (: its been a lovely day here in washington
I worked out this morning. Makes me feel great all day....ugh!
lucky! I still got another day :/
you said something about not being in a band anymore or something xp
Thank so much for helping us support #volunteers! FYI: We've extended the grant deadline to March 7!
Stosur beats Venus Williams to spoil all sister semifinal at Family Circle Cup
plus keep in mind how many weeks (months) y'all had to work on this project.
Freed from pneumonia quarantine, going to dinner with my bff and her hubby. Best part of any week.
OK, so singing is not in your job description. Fine.
Okay we're so down! Just let us know where! Do we bring the cake? Lmaoo
better then being sad ;)
how about a rt for those about to go to work all night haha also
I was raised sailing on the C. Bay. Almost crewed on the Pride, but my wife was pregnant. The child a bigger adventure.
Oh my goodness that sounds amazing!
If you haven't listened to the rap group Redcon-1 you're wrong
Time to finish off the B's
I give up. Im done fighting to do things right. Im going home. Maybe on Monday Ill feel like dealing with idiots again.
Thanks for RT, Fran! I drove through #Colombia #Virginia & wondered why it was so depressed compared to neighbors.
I see you
Where's Dan Rather?
How does everyone get those pictures of people with whiskers? I want to make some!:P
Your post is oddly optimistic! :)
I have given everything I see all the meaning that it has for me.
and your post assumes you have access to everything the govt does, which you do not.
can't understand crazy unless you are crazy Teabaggers are crazy RW nut jobs. Count yourself among the confused on POTUS racism
RT : It is never too late to change, for life is eternal & no one needs to stay the way they were, on this journey of life.
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
If someone ate it I'm gonna knock everyone the fuck out.
Got a lot done today, but could have done without the migraine
me too! right cut seriously.
clutch pick. My brother is still in first. He has Matt Cain as his last player
#whatilove the new Call of Duty... and playing music :)))))
What is a neighborhood?
hahaha this kid is hopin bitches
Do u even know how to dm me
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
Traffic has been backed up for hrs and hrs in indy for the race
Thanks for the RT!
I received +K in potassium.
Yay is following us. Now we are cool.
I hope you alright I miss you so much love you amy please be safe
i hate when you text me right when i want to go to sleep -__-
It takes calm, thougthtful, prayerful meditation on the Word to extract its deepest nourishment. - V. Havner
Thank you to all who participated in tweeting #Torah to the top! Chag sameach!
Great #uwebc meeting coming up on March 8 on Managing Web Teams.
thinking about a big change I want to make. need advice from UC, my parents, and my friends before I decide.
that's the "tolerance" of the left
Yes! Travel crazy the next few weeks. Maybe cafe trip the week of 5/14?
Can't wait to hear it!
has a mission: to find jarred Huitlacoche and flor de calabasa somewhere in OC? He's looked almost everywhere...
Getting a shine on my shoes before giving a $1,000,000 check to the Visiting Nurse Services of NY.
I am the deer in the headlights.
Thanks to and for sharing their story for tomorrow's SMB San Diego
Cardinals celebrate Senior Night with a win over Louisville Western, 70-46.
#DCmusic free download a day could be more than just Bandcamp, also hip-hop mixtapes and tracks like today's 'remint'.
If you need some good curriculum for small group study regarding POVERTY, check out Foundation's vid series "Seek Social Justice"
(never met him though, so I can't verify)
Calling it a night early
UGH I need to know who wins HOH
XRadio Media Corp. Just signed a 2 year concert and tour deal with investors. Finally the industry is taking our brand serious.
KD had 33 points 5 rebounds and 3 assist. He's going for #MVP and OKC is going all the way this year
So excited for a 2nd season of Portlandia #PORTLANDIA #CACAO!!!!
Just stumbled across Unplugged with on Palladia.
#nowplayingonrepeat taylor - (jack johnson cover)
I relay to change lives
Woke up this AM realizing how blessed I am. I mean, you should really wake up like that every day, just some days it's more obvious :)
Why hello, Monday, where did you come from?
Guess you have to follow us to receive DM......or Dm us your email
you know you love me and my slide show! Can't wait to do the circle of life with you.
Yeah...what exactly is the problem with that? It seems like pretty standard, esoteric PhD material.
idk, I've never listened to the dude before 30sec after sending that tweet hahahaha
She is fired up. Arv would feel the same way - he loves himself some TGIFridays and Olive Garden.
Isn't it funny how when you're a kid,you wanted to be grown. And now that you're grown,you wish you were a kid.
Thanks for the links. Will check them out.
I've passed your studio so many times in the last couple of days. I think i'm just going to randomly come in and check on you
Dear #MLS, Your This Way Up campaign is going well as refs are easily finding their asses & inserting their heads in a timely fashion.
do you like drugs? yes
I'm actually too excited to see at tonight!
just got home right now....
Get at least a basic understanding of finance and your MOU. RT : #andypoll: To the new MLS grads, give them some advice. Go!
never said not to have a nice lunch, for those who are having trouble losing weight they can eat a little less at lunch:) thanks
definitely the snake! 🐍 or maybe even a horse to throw me or kick me in the face. 🐎 as opposed to a pit bull. 💀
The Independent
never forget who was there with you from the beginning..
everything about you
how are you feeling these days T?
Sneezed today when my mouth was full. AND FOR MY NEXT TRICK.....
LOVE catching up with our partners :) RT : Excellent meeting yesterday. Loved meeting Shana! Excited about future plans!
I have no idea what any of that means.
but you on deck tho?!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry show life you have a thousand reasons to smile.
All you ever ask me for is time..
Okay. :) Think about it guys. :D
8 days and counting until an awesome weekend of dance !!
Well neener neener neener don't u have nice toys! #envy RT : Playing with the new Twitter analytics for
Our official Webpage will debut in July, with the first issue out in August. Exclusive interviews AND free contest swag!! Retweet! ;-)
planning to-do list for tomorrow...it is already longer than I had hoped.
Tonight im probably going out for a few drinks, u?
Please follow for a shoutout on my other account to 500+ followers tweet me a 'done :):)' if you have.
Thank you for opening up and making the people about mental awareness.
Who! Congrats!!! And well done!
well. we have a lot of catching up to do.. still waiting for you to come all the way up here to spend time with me
Dont feel bad:(( your so amazing and i love you xoxoxo
Please FOLLOW me:D
Oh Lindsay <3
Good Morning Everyone. It's a great day to enter our competition! Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms. Keep watching for updates.
LOLL highly doubt that
Not at all. I did something similar for my younger brothers a few years ago. It's neat for them to have when they get older.
wtf is craig sager wearing?
Jersey Shore tonight!
I need to get my account verified!
Yeah they talk but I can't hear what they say... cuz I'm flyin.
I c it's nomo fb 4 u only twitter
it's a great day to be a San Diego charger fan
nice can i join lol
oh wow. directionator
fail? did you not attend the same conference i did? pro-abortionists got next to nothing, and lets not forget
Happy "Leap Day!" from The University of Rhode Island Harrington School of Communication and Media!
1000 flavors?! That taps into my childhood mini-obsession of combining fountain sodas in strange ways.
fuck ya we do the same. will have some for ya soon man!
Heading to NY today
How exactly do you make sick??? ": The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick & burps."
tend to agree, lots of assets on that team though
Customer Testimonial: I'm just glad that 311 was able to help me yesterday and I'm glad that this service is available to help us. -Apr 5, 2
but Im never content on what I have cause there is so much more
"We have merch for sale and business cards."
We can make all your diamond earring dreams come true! :-)
what was her name?
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.-Vince Lombardi
should invite me again
" Everyday day that I'm alive, I gotta LIVE! "
NYPL is using crowdsourcing to transcribe its historic menu collection. 450k dishes transcribed so far. Releasing soon.
I love that the stories in honorary resolutions still have to use "whereas."
I think ur Twitter bio is supposed to say one weak
Yo whats ur number to ur show i keep trying to call but i cant get the number
I hope all of you are ready to hear our new sound, message, and identity. Tonight. Get ready.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1840 the first successful photo of the #Moon was taken.
That super sketchy moment when your paranoid about everything
I think I just saw Grape Ape OR it could have been a co-worker who OD'ed in purple
Miss replying to my Twitter messages. This Blackberry refuses to let me in :-(
and I getting old waiting for to "put the plane back together" with a tool they dont have for flt 2365 to Honolulu
WELL HOT DOG!
Since I am STILL trying to get over my ex ugh
Ignore. Ignore. Ignore. Ignore you!!!!
</3 It sucks because I don't think I won. :(
#UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 "Ace Royal Flush" 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST TOMORROW NIGHT
Twisting at The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma. at 11 am in the Lobby for the Thomas and Friends movie! Making Thomas out of balloons!
i was just wondering. i don't mind seeing her face everyday i go on my profile. :-)
Congrats, ! You won our contest and were retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
listening to Benjamin Netanyahu address the UN - wow, it takes courage and strength to do what he is doing.
oh yeah
that means a lot to me thank you very much Zoa. :)
OH: Look for people who seek the truth, and run from the ones who claim to have it.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!
What's for dinner? Hot Trax!
Is anyone attending in Philadelphia
:-(. I no we gonna need 2 do better!
Read on the radio, I see ya!
Ur aim 2!“: I had 2 have a drink 2 exercise my liver 4 man weekend with ”
Note solo
Yeah, I may do that too. :)
Thank you everyone! We made it :)
hi- nope! But will hope to see you soon!
SEND IT TO YOUR COUSIN! MT : Got my comic-con badge. Now let's see if I make good on my vow to never go to the damn thing again.
Happy Birthday! Don't let the Debbie Downers get to ya! #screwthem!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart. HAHAHAHA!!!!
Life isnt a bitch you are haha
how'd the conference tweeting go?
whoa just woke up and the boys are picking me up in 30 minutes.
but really!?! Ooyyyy
I'm so glad that my generation is rediscovering my grandparent's generation's love of cocktails!
I am at sparkles wedding and it is amazing! I love all my friends from rice university.
Me: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*
haha. well make up ur mind! i dnt wanna b a slut AND a bitch!!! i mean, ur just a hoe!
When I yawn, I wonder if deaf people think I'm screaming
Your welcome!
I guess I'm confused? who was paid what? didn't they all put their lives on the line?
Having no homework >>>
call me on my cell please
Lol. I'll put one up soon. That's good to hear. I never was into Twitter, but it seems cool.
that just made me hate you even more, good job 😳
had a productive meeting on urban agriculture this morning!
so, what was kill list about?
What is wrong with these republicans, they say let a person die if they don't have health insurance, what is it with you people, shame on u.
It may be dark out, but there's nothing dark about our fro yo! Come see us to kick start your pre-winter mojo!
RT: I hope Romar has a Gordon Bombay speech in him...(maybe not the Ducks part, but the motivational part)
#hth2012 Alef - integrating the practical and the theoretical work in Web based collaborative research
txt me. 5136003654
Thank you for all that you've done in New York Mario! Once a Giant, always a Giant. You get nothing but love. God Bless!
lol I was so happy when he kissed me and I got 5 hugs from him it was incredible!!! I wish I could be his gf lol
Of course!
passed no less than 2 horse drawn vehicles on the way to #marac conf. Yay PA!
; cause i honestly don't feel like dealing w/ these people today.
you get my message last night :)
We are grateful that our members collectively saved over $100 million in transportation expenses in the last decade. We hope to save...
Number one is doing fine, I bet your disappointed!
I forgot about that
Brrrr.... It is COLD!!! How much snow did you get?
“Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.” Will Smith
I assume that your "4G" label is analogous to painted on flames on a car; pretty but not intended to actually convey speed. 2/2
yes MT There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word!
Women who don't smoke can still get lung cancer - Kansas City Star
A3: Don't read print first thing, read later in day, news habits had changed before I left.
I love Sundays. You get so much work done, but feel so relaxed doing it.
#FF thx&welcomes new follows Move your way!
It will be, once it drifts away from the American continent.
I remember Duck Dunn played at the Bob Fest at MSG in 1992. RIP
Happy to follow. Any healthy shoe advice! Shoes have always been a big discomfort! Duck/monkey feet r best bare.
if they have an app that can find the closest open donut shop, that would be the one I'd get
you don't want him living next to you!
Wow! Just had the most productive meeting in months!
also, I just said "so far" in my head too many times in a row - now it doesn't even sound like English :/
We're loving the weather as well!
‎"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm S. Forbes
pears aren't even good. I think they're the only fruit I don't like.
Any good resources for ct? I have town info but cannot find birth or death records.
But the main point is just that advising is outside of the economic/fiscal question. Advising is totally unquantified.
Haha I know the Kings are doin work on Vancouver (good cuz everyone hates them!) The #SJSharks on the other hand are gettin owned
ANYBODY wanna be in a Hunger Games RP?
Finally catching up w/ Twitter today (hence the RTs!)
Follow me. All the news, notes and numbers you crave regarding #BigTen sports.
mus be nice...
Ok so I just bent over laughing re your CraigOs 4 square tip .
Offer extended! Still only $22 dollars for a Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 value) Get yourself feeling refreshed!
I'm in my way home now guys.
Any followers joining us for the opening night of #LetX by ? #iwannasayhellolater!
impressed so far. Many times the #Packers offense turns it on in 2nd half. Cautiously optimistic at this point
Dancin' so hard with & and Casandra ♥
Listening to "Crazy" and the whole studio is bobbing their heads! Look out, #Remede is coming at you!
The surface began to bubble. I knew that now was probably the best time to leave. I just couldn't tear myself away from the scene at hand.
It's time for the #SPURS!!
Baby on the way? Upload ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook by May 1st to try win a 4 piece prize package!
Future is bright in Augusta!! 🏀
going to watch avenger with my beloved friends :)
#PutYourHeartsUp on Thanksgiving
The call me maybe music video is funny she's so dumb lol
One of the actual lines from #LeapofFaith #Broadway #StJamesTheatre "I'm a disco ball for Jesus!" hahah
Getting into more writing in addition to Yogi in the Community. Any topic requests? <3
Fun 2 meet u! I had sashimi. U? RT Met up at Mitsuwa and with we met :)
Matt Barnes hasn't been good since ucla and Bynum does weird stuff all the time.
lol, dosen't it feel a little squishy?
I've forgotten what a meme is...My mind has been taken over by all this shit-busy-work...
Don't let text marketing pass you by. It's ready to go right now! www.zesmo.com
Thank you & glad you liked it! Ordering some more too. Happy #WW!
I'm trying to.
have you had it with these motherfuckin' critics and there motherfuckin' computers?
People, you all need to cool your horses on the politics. That or a sword fight out back.
Sad at loss of Dwayne K. Ward. He will Be missed
We had so much fun at Cherry Tree Massacre this weekend. Thanks so much to the Chimes for hosting us, and to you guys for coming! /te
you better get your game face on!
I hate her hits 😷
whats up everyone
": She’s strong enough to walk away; but broken enought to look back."
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! I love you austin!(:
how do u make coughing look. cute!!!!
CONGRATS ON YOUR HALL INDUCTION....YOU WERE ONE OF MY FAVS!!!!
Chicago for the night
The weaher today was perfect. Now off to dinner with and friends. Gambool later?
Meanwhile, Ann Romney is lucky she had the opportunity to be a stay-at-home mom.
I'm finna go check out my nigga new sh*t!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
Great read. I agree 100%! #EraofKharma :-)
all having our own beds is awesome but we all wish we were at
We need a #Walkerville of people living in tents made of those large "Stand With Walker" signs, because they're just going to waste.
Staying in luxury tonight at Hotel Albuquerque at Old Town. So excited!!
SWEET CHEESUS LORD HAVE MERCY SKDJDJDJDKDNDJBDIDND
Cuomo: both parties have extremists in their conferences
Haha No elton john? ": My iPod is having a mid-life crisis. It's played so much Madonna and Whitney Houston in the last week."
I'd rather that you blow my mind than blow below my waist. YouTube.com/KennAustriaTV
I feel absolutely beat :/
Nachos, Lemonheads, and my dad's boat, you wont go down cause my dick can float!
Next time you spend money at a mall go to fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores all in one place and earn rewards
everyone's gettin engaged or havin babies, gives me the wedding fever #cantwaitforthering :)
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
DYK? Lynn Whitfield, humanitarian and actress; "The Josephine Baker Story" is a member of AKA. ..
RT: " & ALL WEEKEND LONG!! yeah I can't wait!" Yay!
Producers, submit beats to we need quality beats.
aww omg what happened?
Yes they will!
Getting my color fixed by the fabulousness at Kim Vo in the mirage.
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON! RT IF YOU AGREE!!
Tip of the day: if your cheese isnt cheesy enough then alls you got to do is whiz some cheese whiz cheese on the cheese.
its too awesome for television
late work
It's so weird how bipolar I can be on a dancefloor. Having a great time, but then feeling like bleh a moment later.
Hesitated! : Hesitated! : Have you abandoned all physical reading or have you hesitated to jump to digital books?
weird you didn't DM me ):
bitches these days-SMFH
I Try To Follow People That Haven’t “Tweeted” In 2-3 Months..It’s Less Pressure On Me…
That Scorsese doc is good. Some weird picture shimmering prob in WALKED WITH ZOMBIE but otherwise that set is awesome.
not around me :(
awesome!!!!!! We're a big fan of your work! Cheers!
Baked red velvet cupcakes from scratch. Get in my mouth now.
Looking into getting a new jogging stroller...
Rainy days are great for reading! Loved meeting some young readers at the Westland Area Library this morning!
Wow, I walked in from my car and turned the game on to find that the #tribe is now up 6-0 in the 4th with two on and 1 out
wow, kinda late to that geek parade eh?
Phone is being so slow! .___.
A manic-depressive fan base matches a manic-depressive team.
Have fun tonight!
Time to relieve stress and sweat it out at the gym. Ab roller I C U. With la gringa
Bought a football at Dicks. Gonna play a quick game with some guys, trying to get pumped for NFL.
Joe can sing.
ok,ok,just want you to focus on the full part of the glass and enjoy life as much as possible
best present I got for Xmas was your book. Love it!!!
#kids are outside....running and playing
Shopping carts double as strollers for your kids if you're poor/homeless
RT : Got a new pair of Cat Mids today. See how they hold up to some #bmxFlatland I'm used to
i'd say you're winning!
Damn! RT I been single two long ass years. Wtf is wrong with me. Lmao.
Ford Mustang Raglan Shirt – Glory 1969 Adult White/Red
HIGH FIVE!
What's going on right now?! um Full Monty, Greasebucket, & Cyrus Youngman in mocha's! You should be here!
20-month old revealed a preference for Grey Poupon direct from the jar today. Freak? Snob? Freaky snob?
I am officially the worst person ever.
not. a. bad. idea.
Harry Potter wasn’t the only one breaking records last weekend. Women’s World Cup set records for number of tweets per second, with 7,196
New icon<4
Based on my developer experience, the best way to create a new app is completely make yourself to think in a new way.
Thanks for the RT
I love females that have a sense of humor. Serious moments are ok but sense of humor is the key !
Had a great talk with the AZ Tech Council about the 2012 Science & Tech Festival. Hopefully we can help out!
New Chadima report details victim #2 as a former football player. Alleges alcoholic drinks were available in trainer's room after a game.
Anybody know me from itsmy add me k
Your My Favorite Rapper Also You A Spitter
jill scott , i love ya honey but yu can go now :) i'm not a fan of your "music".
well I wasn't complaining about him for once, but yes. Rugby ninja. When are you returning to Tuesday soccer? haha
Vilma gets a year? But Hargrove, who obstructed the investigations, only gets 8 games? Must be because he told the NFL what was up
cos I love you? I worry about you when your like this.
Off to work I go.
thanks loves! Have a delicious spicey day!!!
Happy Birthday Nick i <3 you!!! Hope you have a NICHOLICIOUS Birthday(:
“: Christopher Guest et all MVP, best thing all night. #Oscars” I concur!
must not be tall enough cuz this six footer doesn't have any homework 😏
Good Morning everyone, sleeping in is such a rarity these days. Appreciate those days a lot and a supportive wife to keep the kids off me.
I want some german chocolate brownies
Seriously NO one has said Narry yet!! I keep getting Niams!
how do you win?
Gym time then pool! Time to get motivated!
You know u really care when you have to try & convince urself otherwise.
my daughter is memorizing my hubby's line..yup shes on her way to being a actor or director
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
HIV has had a disproportionate impact on some communities. HIV continues to affect gay and bisexual men more than any other single group.
#RunSupport would help here......
: Agreed. There are lots of us that want that for our city, you and I being only two of those folks. Collaborate! :)
Def moving my domain and hosting to when they expire
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart. -Arabian Proverb
WE HAVE A PLAN FOR WHO WERE SMASHING CUPCAKES AT!
Happy new year (almost)!
totally! "it's all over bar the shouting", says Paul.
Good luck coach. Was where ur last September. Made it2the Elite8. Hope2get farther this year. Good luck again!
Wat u UP to
Did you seriously just blow in my ear?.
In big ways had way too much fun even though I yacked for and hour
so Tim Collins wears a glove. he must love it. it's old and shitty. great fuckin story man.
Finally got around to watching "Drive" last night. Enjoyable picture, but it's another huge victory for composer Cliff Martinez. Greatness.
This weekend is awesome for sports- Olympic canoe/kayak trials , Presby Criterium uptown & 2 local cycling races in Dilworth & NoDa!
Okay, weird roommate, if you're going to bring a guy over please 1. Tell me 2. Wait until I'm done making dinner and 3. Tell me
Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day. I mean it is Friday
In your opinion is there something more going on here if the time frame is that long?
I love how he cares so much <3.
you know the people involved have never stuck to anything for five days..that's too much like work in their world.
Experience the down home "bleus" sounds of Daddy Mack this Thurs. #RetroOnthePatio. The video isn't that clear but the sound is...
Only Gronk. I really wanna hang with this guy.
I agree, it's a myth. I suppose if you are overeating it would be true but then again wouldn't that be true for any sport
no our team is a bunch of pricks
already they fuckin wit the right one! Do ya thang lil mama!
If you don't understand the way I feel by now there's a good chance you never will. And I won't wait around for you to catch up.
RT : Have your W-2 Handy? Plug in your numbers to the Federal Tax Payer Receipt and see where your money goes:...
Levinson says it 's as simple as "Do not lie on your GAB paperwork."
Happy birthday to this little cutie named Liban 😘
Agreed. I think one of the great things about social media is that you don't have to be an expert to use it!
Michael Bush to the bears! I like it.
thats nice I can still eat fish..u like fish??
#WhyisSBKLIVE missing me?
Groupon now offering a discount on their own stock...
New Costume Deluxe Muscle Captain America Costume
You bitch made, I'm old school !
Phyllis!!!! Give her my best.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends whom we choose. --Chinese Proverb
I was made to love you <3
Anyone use Twitter to teach conciseness?
soul game tonight!!
nice to meet you:)
hey just wanted to say...really beautiful work on GH yesterday. Such honest work. Super impressive. well done!
Cuse game is prohibiting me from getting ready. Maybe they will make a comeback while I am in the shower!
This is going to be one of the best #NCAA #FinalFour tournaments in years!!! Lucky !
Hey! Text me!!
us not use US!
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight <3
it's so beautiful and different! Any type of culture is beautiful on general so you'll have a great time! :)
Aw yea keep going lady you gon get yours. Karma is a big bitch and she loves to snap on ya more and more.No 1 can cuff her not even can fuck
i love Justin Bieber's music but not even now is it cheering me up. ):
Why is Google TV trending? nobody seemed to care about it 2 years ago
Brewers now 6 games under since hiring
Finally relaxing after a long day. Drinking Belgian beer and watching the Life is good.
I'm gonna be in Montreal in Mayzies
Have you been snorting butter cream?
NM Environment Dept officials and Los Alamos fire chief emphasized greater spread of the fire is a more immediate concern than rads
Can't wait for Late Night with Jimmy Fallon to hear the new song "Mercy" by
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular :Concert and Swing Dance, Jazz Orchestra I and Vocal Jazz Ensemble GUEST ARTIST Vanessa Rubin, vocalist
I probably sound lame but I hugged Spencer!! We are picking up where we left our relationship
never will I forget about u
thank you for your tweets
It's barely 8 in the morning and I'm already having a bad day. Freaking great.
No snooze here....lets get it!
yeah good luck with that ;)
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information. Thank you!
How lucky am I to have had finals today in the first slot at 745am and the last slot at 725pm.
It's beautiful!! I love the organic yet controlled design.
my boo <3
Thanks for helping to spread the word about our 3/29 panel!
Agreed! So many examples are U.S. only. Great work by
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a pace of 10'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
I was referring to the London blog posts from the fall.
We have to take care of the ball better it's not over. But mistake free play is needed
Happy Friday Fans!
There's a family named Grayson in the show "Revenge". Now if u just change that "a" to an "e" we'd be good XD
Twitter breaks out of the micro-blogosphere and into 140+ character space with the purchase of Posterous.
Ask your parents for Saturday!
Want to celebrate your birthday in style? Have your party at the hottest teen dance club in the Midwest! More info coming soon....
“: ill kick totino's ass” haha what?
BIG thank you to our Cars for Homes donors this year! You've helped us raise $16, 871.61 since January! Let's keep it up in the new year!
#valkilmer...he is the bottle on the top shelf.
so worth the drive for some tapps 3a basketball ...
Going to the Armory show opening party tonight! I had a great time last year taking some photos - hope to do the same this year.
Just once I would love to hear Gov. Chris Christ say Harrison Ford owes him money.
I love seeing bicycle riders that are smoking cigarettes. It's like the ultimate zen balance.
“ The party doesn't start until a #Leo arrives.”
Great podcast tonight which included a nice preview of the Hoosier basketball season!
Thanks, yes - now let's the enjoy the sun.
BadInfo.org -- examples from the media, the Web, plus business cases and personal stories through history. From DowJonesFactiva.
Boarding gate in Dallas to albqo
Wee Rescue and several other recue groups are at the Domain with their pups. Come see the Wees and all the other dogs!
where ya been?
we hit #ballerstatus all week next week on #SB2K12 with a little #surfing and #skimmer in there
Good night
What do you have to do once you want to get rid of it? Shave it all off?
la lala la
slow cooked some pork butt with an onion, carrots and turnips. perfect for a cold rainy day when im feeling sick!
According to trade value chart, packers won the Worthy trade 390-359 and Hayward trade 284-166. gravy for 2 great players
I'm trying to get some work done, and this dog keeps BARKING! I'm about two seconds away from teaching it English.
If u don't want our state in your church, keep your church out of our state.
Can't tell who has shittier arm, Oakland QBs or Oakland pitchers. This never would've happened if were still alive.
| The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously. RT
Officially done with my freshman year of college!
Damn..suspensions way worse than what I thought it was gon be..not surprised tho
