Gotta get that Bobby Valentino- Vitamin V
in 2 hours and 20 minutes, i'll be a senior. #SchoolFlewByQuick :(
No AMARE = Better Knicks. Saying it for weeks. More rebounds, energy, better D. Stat clogs everything up & he is LAZY!
What time yall on?
Great meeting you tonight at the !
And right now I'm reading Mercy by Jodi Picoult
So if Kobe goes 9/26 tonight, what will everyone say?
playing mayor's assistant in upcoming IFC comedy show "Portlandia". That's just wonderfully weird.
Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods. - Aristotle
my point was that in Tebows case he gets extra +/- pub because of how polarizing he is & that's because his outspoken beliefs
All Beverage Pouch Sweatshirts are still on sale for $19.99 until February 1 at www.brewcityonline.com
zombie invasion run bitch run
I miss you too :) haha we all are coming down in April for RIcky's wedding tho
Goodnight twitter(:
#AFS11 robert baron believes that the us can learn from japan re: facilitating local support of traditional arts
No, It runs for awhile. Not sure of end date.
I'm thinking more in terms of R&D, pharmaceuticals and equipment.
#HOWLive #nkotb double rainbow across the sky. Winning.
happy one to u..always a pleasure!! Need to chill for real!!
Jokes that he is the only one in the media who qualifies as a senior! Great way to start the evening!
coming home next week lol
Blue sky and sun is back in London!
I want to ride on Llamas.
Goin to bed
anybody been to lisbon before?
I am tired,beloved,of chafing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little ink drops,and posting it.--Amy Lowell
dude, we are just having a blast. Leaving shortly though... sad day.
yeah man the vagina trees.thats what we refer them as.
I'm ready to go home when is 4:00 comin
i hate when you still have feelings for your ex and you can tell they have none..
HOLD ON. You mean Lena Dunham is NOT Jeff Dunham's ventriloquist doll?
": .<---- finally turning 18 on Monday!"
How do you say ed sheeran? I always feel like I'm saying it wrong and I never know..
so nice to meet you! Can't wait to rock #austin with you!
I hate to see you go, but I love watching you walk away
The president just dissed Kim Kardashian. Best thing ever.
Great stadium? Great game? PG next? We just left the Folsom / EG game.
doesnt want to follow me ;(
Do you want me to say "Hi" to for you? He is the keynote speaker this morning. Miss you!
That awkward moment when someone thinks your going out with your expirement partner
That's so nice! Too bad I suck at dancing...
Gave a listen for the first time thanks to a social media recommendation from a friend. He's right: Katy Perry x F+tM
Such a long day at work :(
that's hot. Hahahahaha
It would work with reactive views that received messages that caused transitions
BE CAREFUL out there! Some very realistic looking phishing emails from "LinkedIn" in my inbox this morning... Don't click!
I'm never gonna leave this bed.
Much love, back at ya!
Tomorrow is picture day at the college so I'm pretty excited but I know I gotta look good tomorrow hehe
Is it 1978?
Get it, babe!
thanks for coming with me :)
love your new pic!!!
Hopefully it won't be a Manic Monday.:)
Chicago's own George Howe wrote the music to Arnie the Doughnut heading to NYMF in July. We are so proud! Follow
so cute.
still wrestling with Quicken, which simply does not work.
My sis walking in with kitten heels on sent me in to a ROARING laughter. Thanks!
thank you! hope Moscow starts to warm up soon.
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the profession but fitness level.
Going to be joining my 1st KM chat. Heads-up followers. Tweet stream ahead.
love the valentines!! Such a sweet and unique way to send some love <3
bummer. Where are you going to pick up guys tonight?
Get well soon
sounds good!
Getting really excited to preach this message Sunday at ! #Questions #WhatsNext?
she may not have gotten death penalty, but her conscious will kill her, eventually.
thank the lawwwwd! (:
brilliant. Now, you're thinking. I think it's a cause with $1, so $999,999 left to go.
Have a great time and thank you for your support!
�Corporate SEO is largely about trimming away the fats and fully leveraging the assets you already have
how many games will be missed? Prediction? “: Nope. RT Gut feeling... do you think the NBA season gets cancelled?”
"The genre becomes theory; online community becomes the source of the theorizing impulse"
or u can just buy blonde dye to make ur hair ombré that's what I did a few Days ago and it turned out Nice
The fact that you're going to college soon freaks me out to no end...
"Social Media Is Not A Checkbox" - Great post from via
I haven't checked the weather, but if you get cold I'll warm you up
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC & LA Please send resumes to
I LOVE Snow! :D but when I can't get to Dylan's candy bar, we have a problem ;)
hm... I have a thing until 8ish. Drat. Maybe next time?
What do we lose when we lose a language? Every 14 days or so, another language is lost to history.
In my experience those perceiving the people problems are where the problem actually lies.
mention me :)
HELLO! WE LOVE ART!
Exhibit A: "The legal hotline is up -- write this number on your body" ": I hope we're much less creepy than that."
Young Americans
Concierge event tonight! Beauty Outlet on 41st catered by Benjamin's + Mama Mia on broadway. So excited.
walking in the parade this morning. so. tired.
The Spanish American War..... oh how i hate history
It's Teacher Appreciation Week. I would love to find my grade school music teacher to say thank you.
Needs a stress ball right about now, or a punching bag with your fucking face on it!
or maybe it was an actual photo from the xmas party...
Was eating pizza outside Dominique Strauss-kahn's place yesterday. Mid-bite I look up and see him and anne Sinclair walking up the sidewalk
this when y'all can end the group shit lol
RT : Exploring Thoughts: there are so many talented artists & I officially live in DC's coolest neighborhood.
bought 2 in store yesterday. Now wondering case price for Lello Douro?
Georgetown-Scott County 911 is reporting slick road conditions and several minor non-injury accidents due to flurries. Drive with caution.
ha I'll get to that one soon
Stay tuned our relaunch is coming soon! And at a very critical time of year! Contests, Giveaways, and much more!! WhooHooo!
stop stealing my bitches!!
yes I think so but Garnett is having a solid game
i think you have been hacked. Your twitter keeps sending me these messages about working from home. Please fix this.
Did u make a wish? RT : Just saw a shooting star!!
I'm so glad I'm not one of your clients.
my point is I give a fuck and mind your own bussiness ! ! !
not a fan of 3D movies really
Going to go have lunch at Google's Venice office.
You should def check out Foursquare though. I think it's a good thing. You can create campaigns w/it.
I don't like NFL football. But the season is just starting and already Eagles mania has raised it's ugly head. For this week..... Go Rams!
Q: The dream you want the most? The perfect life I guess, happily married to my future husband.
You are gorgeous!!!
yup. The young chef in me😊😊
Next person to say "ok" in the middle of a conversation is probs gonna get 👊in the 👦👧
The new book looks great, count me in!
His sleeve is retarded anyways
true story girl..men r so guilty of this
Tired getting ready for bed. Birthday was pretty good. pc4pc
follow my new page please thanx
does it be ok like im trying to have a good time lol
OMG ADVENTUREDOME LETS GO I HOPE THE INVERTER AND SLINGSHOT ARE FINALLY FIXED
My fb posts aren't about you and neither are my tweets, stop being paranoid and get over yourself
my mom just came in my room and basically told me to try and stop coughing. Ok goodnight
i'm officially roping you into my film production. ALSO, i failed again - my Joey M sighting yielded no good photos.
ok now cross the street at the light, go down the stairs by the Walgreens, turn right, into the Billy Goat and get a
NWS: TRAINED WEATHER SPOTTERS REPORTED A TORNADO 2 MILES SOUTHWEST OF GREENWALD...OR ABOUT 3 MILES NORTHEAST OF ELROSA.
Of all lessons my mom has taught me, how2love what u dont understand is most important, she may not get me but I never doubt she loves me
yes sir . Salute big brah ! We taking off
Sleep tight > RT : Time to get my beauty rest & prepare my liver for tomorrow :)
Finally got a smart phone. May be better about updates here.
WHATCOULDGOWRONG?? RT museum conference reception at a Maker lab... #randomthought #mw2012 yes! Solder + alcohol = win!
Bout to smoke some spice lol on some last resort type shit
follow back
Wow! Last weekend was cool. This weekend not so cool. Can't wait for October busy month for sure.
Now that's an attractive woman!
When is elizabethton's graduation??
actually three times now.
Im gunna work out hard tonight! I want to be thin!
“: More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936.” that's a lot of moody chicks
ah the pour house...brings me back to my berklee days. Thanks for reminding me I used to be fun.
Top 10 Excuses Given This Week - Why My Tween Shouldn't Have to Read While on School Break. Let's review:
I'm too grown to have a crush smh
DRINKING SO JUICE
I hope you get it fixed ^^
&#39;Are HEAD tennis rackets cheap?&#39;, belindacallin&#39;s blog message on ...
thank you!!! It's an honor!
woo u did it!
Email ids of faculty and equals are provided to students in online education programs to clear doubts. Enroll in a certified course
Haha! Love the hashtag!!! Big Thank You!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Andre Cole ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Princeton, NE ⁰Travel Team: Central Jersey Future Stars ⁰Point Guard 5’8
was it sleep or passed out on you living room floor?
Decisions, decisions...
Muchas Gracias to and as well.
An HR Rep and the District Manager for Speedway, LLC are here looking for district manager trainees in multiple locations.
other than you are fuckin awesome, why should we vote for you?
#Dedication RT Legit spent 7 hours studying for the math final with
Going to get my ass kicked at
follow back
Folk missed the kick and the Broncos offense heads to the field
Oh Yo No! What the heck is going on?!
That is a great one!
Dear girls, don't be hoes. That shit is extremely unattractive.
ha! That's actually what I drink for breakfast in the morning! it's good! Hope you feel better babe. Ps...that looks horrifying.
Hey Jenny. Thanks for stopping by my talk. Let me know if you're around today.
Man that nigga is broke
Performing tonight at the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco.
Chapter in the Barron's Book, and then Bed.
Need sum ink quick
We love that warmer weather means grilling season starts! Spray Barrel Aged Balsamic Vinegar on your kabobs instead of using a marinade!
you can't afford it.
In Nashville at the beautiful Hilton in Brentwood...on our way to a business dinner with my producers!! Yay!
I'm really sorry that he actually just spelled your name like that. “: ur a heat fan that's a joke later gellis”
You can't win them all, but it hurts to see our Brew Crew losing 8-0 at Wrigley.
If your girl or guy acting stupid for no reason.... #fuckem and then #fuckem ... Make them feel guilty for acting stupid in the 1st first
#mla12 #s305 Nick Brown:arts have no interest in dispensing with institutions that preserve their status as something more than e.g. design.
You can drink other things like tea haha, that's healthy too. :)
"Heaven and Earth and I live together, and all things and I are one." ~Chuang Tzu, China
you can tell her she stupid for that. Or I will for you.
Just went to an empty field to create, practice, and learn...
Our family bought 30 mega lottery tickets. Let's do this.
Urgh! I wish today was MY Friday.
Looking for good resource scheduling (rooms, carts, etc.), preferably cheap or free. Anyone got a rec? #plpnetwork,
a beautiful day and I have to work inside
I'm sorry guys. I'm not making any promises, but I'm going to try REALLY hard to keep up with my twitter.
It still amazes me that some people don't know the difference between Michelle and Mitchell.
NEXT GAME!!!!
Come see USC PBP announcer Pete Arbogast at the sportscasting jobs seminar in L.A. next week. htt://www.sportscastingseminar.com
Congrats to Silas Sallier,he's going to see 'Men In Black 3' monday 5/21 at the United Artists Galaxy 14
RT You're welcome! : Great tix for tonight's #spursgame thank you
We're sorry to hear about this, please email us at we'd like to look further into this for you.
How's it shaking, ? I'm still sad I missed you at #socon12. Damn laser tag injuries!
is a meanie who is blackmailing me for my jlo bag :p * cry cry cry *
yeah bro. Let's go get some soon. They are delicious. I am craving one.
What you are going through now is only preparation for where you're going. Pay attention the lessons!
If Tia and Pooch leave The Game i'll never watch it again...and the show would be shit without them
i need/want more Mahomies following me. more want than need tho(:
Everyone should go follow hes super funny!!!! and he's #TeamUnicorn (;
Yo just read your interview, and watched the clip of you tearing it up, and seen you live before, TURN IT UP! Never stop man.
Time for dinner....BBS!
In Marquette Branch Prison, the percent of inmate-on-inmate victimized in 2007 was 2.2%. The staff-on-inmate victimized was 5.3%.
"Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself." ~Thomas J. Watson
If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away, I'd Pack Up And Go Visit For The Day.
you don't need luck your awesome ;)
"This one is for all the girls in light blue dresses,breaking mens hearts,and creating big messes..."
oh i know! i as lookingtrough my favorites yesturday and that tweet ws tere. im sad tho cause i didnt favorite the war tho!!!
. An LRB print subscription got me access to the full archive back to 1979!
Streamers for game 1, I'm gonna go ahead and call that a bit.....pre-mature.
Happy Birthday, Marelisa
My grandparents have a special handshake !!! Cute old couple I hope I have one some day!!!(:
WON #FASHIONSTAR aw she's perf x but still love s0rryyyy xx
Still doing these kinky twists :(
Bryan Cranston is unreal, every episode and season only gets better and better.
I think google should make a chip to put in your ear. Once you press the chip. You can speak on what you want google to search.
As Blues is to Rock, Cuban Rumba is to Latin Jazz. The real deal at Radio Habana 1109 Valencia SF every 2nd+ 4th Sunday 2-6pm Bring FOOD
Seriously, in the 3 hours it will take me to get to FDP conv. 20 miles from my house, I could be at Miami casino hotel. #Disney=epicfail.
Oh hell yeah there's a recess marathon on!
Dear Maine. Epic Fail.
just said same thing... Makes me Ill. NCAA must fix that. Leave timeouts to hoops and down time to baseball
Lowkey I want to play the number game..
You know what why do I have to go to South Carolina every time I miss it? It should come to me every once in a while
#kianfacts Can you follow me ? :)
lerkin at cars...you fill me
Thanks to everyone who stopped by The Center's booth at The Savannah Center yesterday!
Off to crown in vegas
“: Robert Huber tosses a complete game in a 5-3 Duke win over Maryland!!!” way to go Berto!!!
I actually like the Pauly D Project way better than Jersey Shore
Yeah den 17. :D
I AM PROUD OF MY VIRGINITY. bitch.
. I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS!
Damn I feel like a artist with all these colors
Followed(: and I'm tryin not to cry that pic was on Facebook and my mom would kill me if she knew I had a pic of me on twitter
You Greek,Michelle?
#americanidol I'm satisfied with this week bit really miss erika van pelt.
My sweat is turning pink from my red hair at the gym.
Well done watching my movie well nothing 2 do at 3am but go to sleep
I can hang after the 20th. I am all work, no play 'til then. Miss you gobs!
Saturday night #theplacetobe is for the #World Finals! For Table reservations contact 702-418-9779
*waits for goodmorning mentions*
UPDATE 1-Senate votes put Fed board at full strength
Ending the night with the NBA playoffs.
Dear Valentine, I really wanna go to the opera. And I want you to wear a red dress
I just realized I left my mirror on the back of the door in my Orlando apt....
Blah. Why do I keep stumbling over my words, making my sentences sound like I'm attempting to do some weird accent? >.<
still pretty damn good in my book!
Just talked with Joe Berardo, president and CEO of , about the impact of #healthcarereform and he provides tips for
Weird timing.
Crazy how dreams work...dreams are #lowkey powerful...just 1 of those things that are unexplained
Why is it I can't sit on a patio in Austin without an inconsiderate smoker blowing his 2nd hand smoke in my face?
so glad I quit FB. Happier about it every day.
What a horrible day to have off this sucks ass. I wish I was working. Its such a waste for me
for THE REVOLUTION concert with !
Had a wonderful meeting with my composer yesterday - getting so clear about the album! YES!
Fall Fundraiser! Oct. 17 Tickets $12. Auction at 6pm. Show at 7pm. More info...
Thanks Rachel! Just an FYI we are having a grand opening celebration mid-may. Stay tuned for more details!
Last call for alcohol!! who came up with thats shhh?? Anyway
I could sit on twitter and watch the game show network literally all day. so i think that's exactly what im going to do
Thanks Bro.! Hope all is well in AB RT : Shout out to Hope you are doing well !!
Is beginning to think 32 oz of iced tea before bed was a bad idea. I'm officially old.
i always get sleepy round dis timee
Sounds about right... QT : A few years to enter all licenses into ERM?!
Thought I just saw Ryan O'Neil in a Logan's Steakhouse commercial.
Is it me or do #spurs pass too much in front of goal?
I'm not sorry I don't like your music.
Thanks for the #ff! Blessings and peace to you.
WOW! Seven events to cover this Saturday!!!! Making sure I wear my comfy shoes:)
Finished up the last of the Christmas albums this week!
No biopsy today just more meds. Waiting to see what happens.
Rindfleisch used to live by a Catholic Church. It's a miracle that lightning didn't kill everyone!
eating some creamy ice cream..
me to!!! I love how big an glitzy they are
that was so much fun! Can't wait for our next play date!
Back from Gold Beach. Open today! Reindeer, Raindear, Reigndeer!!
of course but u would be a homie not a hoe lol hahaha
Thanks to all of my friends for making me feel loved
Just went 20 minutes out of my way for no reason....SMH
Trust is like glass. Not easily made, but easily broken. When it is broken, it will never be the same.
pulp fiction!!
Crossed OIAs of the list; Now STATE... then Graduation .
Anybody interested in Texas In July?
Excellent. _brent_long lost his car keys. Made for an interesting 2am call to A.
Someone keeps stealing cars and parking them in our parking lot. Annoying.
Who wants to go get manicured tomorrow? 👍😘☺
oh SWEET! With the #CAG no less. Makes me want one now haha
QoTD: "Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." (Unknown)
Just passed a dude in Central Park who was running bare foot
Big East > Big Ten, just saayyyyinnnggg
had a dream I was in a toiletpaper fight on a train. looked up the interpretation &found nothin. #anytakers?
Thank you for following along
I'm down for a tweet up!
you know it!
If someone, smiling, gives you a pine cone, it would be nice if you sign their cd
RT : Giving out tickets for the 7th ANNUAL TONYC SUMMER JAM tonight at KLUSOZ! Be there!
your just jealous
Watching Power Puff Girls!!!!!
#Grammys off to a good start. Hope it doesn't get maudlin and stays classy.
I remember some jabroni wouldn't fill in for me at work that day. Who could that person be??
One of my students showed up with a printed model from his new home 3d printer. . . so cool. He's just gonna teach himself 3d cad.
RT : Join us and our guest speaker of at 6 p.m. in COM 106!
well apparently I win this round....as usual. You have to be getting tired of this by now?
it's a dog eat dog world ya know... This life wasn't meant for tall odd looking useless horse creatures
that's for sho
NBC I want to watch gymnastics. Stop talking about football scandals
hmm, interesting, what did you think I meant? Must be you! :P
hi ;d
Thanks for the mentions!
Riding my new bicycle...wheeeeee!!!!!!
lol did not
Been addicted to my new phone: the HTC inspire with the Android OS.
ehh these people are playa-haters. They don't know what they want. But when America is around, it's gimmee-gimmee-gimmee!
KJR reporting Jim Mora has been fired at Seahawks head coach
somebody told me that jean grae was on friday -- it's tonight though! at the uwmilwaukee gasthaus! she's coming out of hiding...
Super score at the Ballard Goodwill yesterday! TWO Nordic Ware mini bundt pans for $11...TOTAL!
just dont want to- too much to do and sleeping is a waste of time!
Thought you would want to know that a #weller,Alexandria, () has died because of bullying.
Tom Waits, Miles Davis, Nick Drake
Part of me wants to leave this city behind but another part of me doesn't wanna. . .
DO NOT WISH TO BE ANYTHING BUT WHAT YOU ARE! Well... ok then. PDRR Man IS 24/7 Mitigation 'n Restoration 'n Reconstruction Services! Yay!
Not gonna happen! We are gonna whoop that ass tonight
I adore ! Beautiful performance..gotta scoop his album. Javier-you & need to get together..check him out! :)
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.:) i love u
I saw spot. Yay!
happy birthday I hope you have an amazing day you truly deserve it for all the hard work you've done #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl <3
do I need to step up my nerdism to hang with you guys? I haven't read any HP. Hell, I can barely read.
Would like to thank everyone who supported the Mambo De Leon concert last night!
Sometimes making people think you're talented goes a lot further than actually being talented...or so we hope.
The PEOPLE rejected I-1082, which we opposed. We stand for what's in the best interest of those injured.
Ppl saying Julian doesnt deserve to be on abdc is pissing me off bitch never have and never will be an ICONiacYou dont deserve 2 be called 1
Egad... You are going to get me to throw up again.. RT : RT : I am very proud of #TNASacrifice. Proud of the men & women
Happy Friday, Baltimore!
Huun-Huur-Tu ! Excited for some new music ! september is going to be a month to remember!! Even my budtender seen animal collective live!
i'm uglyy
yup you and Brian need to come over and hangout
Awww...that's because I'm awesome! :D
"Put the money in your panties"
u gonna be on sc tonight
is there some kind of #criminalminds drinking game going on here that I don't know about!?
This my song
Hi Marisol I was simply responding to your message when you said you "Will look out for info & resources". Thanks
gonna miss you this weekend! Have fun and be safe!
Have you told your spinners about the
": A friend is someone who understands your past,believes in your future and accepts you just the way you are."
I hope you have a wonderful week :)
lmfaoo eww we gotta wear Bodysuit?
Holler at for the retweet! X's and Os, girl.
:) I would have guessed early June too! Good times, good times.
was good
Girl Bye w| ya Novella lookin ass !
Thanks, Jenny. Like I needed any more reasons to be scared of going to an island.
Follow me...I amazing...and desperate...jk
I'm on my knees, but it seems were going no where fast; we've reached a climax.
Poker Professionals, Business Owners and Bloggers - we'd love to hear any cross-promotional ideas at .
Thnx for following me:)
The most low-risk teammate declaration in basketball: "I'm gonna make the next one." Worked for Steve Blake tonight, apparently.
After a Dwayne Eley, Jr. fumble, the Storm capitalize and score on a rushing touchdown from QB Stephen Wasil. Storm lead 48-17
#NeverShouldYouEver forget your friends while in a relationship.
When someone is in a bad mood, saying "Why don't you call the IRS?" is not a good way to cheer them up.
Iv seriously been neglecting my Twitter
Lakers vs. Knicks game Friday and on Saturday! I've missed you, NYC!
Why can't people with handicap plates not drive the speed limit??
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 30
I love the weather this time of year.
Best quality & pricing in South Texas for CD/DVD replication, custom t-shirts & merch! That's why we've been here so long & keep growing...
Gravedigger, when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain?
mayhemfest was amazing <3 i took a picture with matt heafy ! <3 im exhausted * yawns *
I'd say that can definitely be a part of it!
Just met & chatted with Bloody Bill Pon (DOLL BOY) ... what a great guy!! I'll definitely be hanging out with him more
Thanks for the re-tweet! It's gonna be a long, long game!
Go Spurs Go! better win
girl this place is a madhouse. mama needs a drink.
I'm sure he'd be happy to.
I saw that Scott was involved with it. Looks awesome.
We have a new kids line releasing soon and we'd love to share it with you!
lol if you tell me
What are you guys up to? Are you enjoying this amazing Sunday? What have you guys thought of the website? I would love some feedback =o)
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thanks. I thought that was item 13. serves me right for attention lapse..
Really loving 103.3 out of baton rouge. The 80s tunes, including current Timmy T track, are great to hear once in a while.
thank you for attending! What was your takeaway from the evening ?
Sounds like a perfect night to us! Enjoy!
that stuff u threw today was filthy! Well done!
#oomf right now > wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, i miss him ;(
Monday Night Baseball on ESPN
got some interesting quotes going on here with rj
1/14 Thursday...Lady Ducks Basketball: Oregon at Arizona St 5:30 p.m. Live on KUIK - www.kuik.com
Downloaded Songify last night. Too fun. This could be dangerous. Thanks!
Reminded tonight of sheer scale/violence of UR in SF: its Redevelopment Agency made DURA (Denver UR agency) seem like a warm, comforting hug
Thanks and for RTs today. Hope you all have a great weekend :)
Had fun with the girls at So You Wish You Could Skate event!
: I retweet comments from followers while live-tweeting b/c see it as part of coverage of the event.
International house hunters always blows my mind. 4,000,000 for an apartment? Really?
your icon is so cute!!!!! Mahomie love <3
Too bad there's no one to hit behind Votto...
Damn! I just left there! I must've just missed it :o
Hell yeah! RT personal trainer & friend's new website...looks good! I suggest #paleo & letting him shred u!
NORTH OF SUNSET will be produced in 2012
8th Grade Dance tonight
Haha #revenge is sweet! better tell jade that i made her a twitter account!! hehehehe
Thank you for coming to see us at the Phoenix Spring and Garden Show. Mary Congratulations, she is our entry winner of a nuvoH2o system!
Verizon data fans to pay more in service or phones
Proud to make this account. :)
just voted for for mr.twitter, and as well
RT : Penguins defeat Blackhawks, 3-2: Evgeni Malkin had another big night with three assists as the Penguins downed t......
#newtotwitter,could use some pointers on how to use it
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!! 2 minutes ago
Really!? You can talk shit on twitter but not to my face!?
NFL getting as bad as NHL for coaches - make playoffs or get fired
Ok, so you know it's out there.
u can open the door by urself !
The choices you make shape your life. Amy Wettig
#Sufjan Stevens's #AgeofAdz finale at Prospect Park: the use of the inflatable "car lot" guys wearing gaff tape was a brilliant touch.
or the art of the stowaway
Thx for the RT, and for contributing to the daily!! Hope you're having a Happy Leap Day :-)
#upearlytotrain a good way to start the weekend.
hey danny my pens won tonight in a shoot out eight in a row! wonder why cb dont follow me no more :)
Looking forward to the 20th anniversary party
yes!! U r right, manmade reef...just need a thick wetsuit, hood n booties :)
everyday im shuffling :D
I went to bed at 3 last night, and just woke up at 2:45.
I hate how Pau responds. His brother Marc would of made Ibaka pay at the other end of the floor.
Got 's "Design Is a Job" this morning. Already finished it. Fantastic!!!
Piggy bitch!!! Haha. Has your daughter got a blades shirt and a piggy one then?
Why not meet your new follower.
Twitter Turns to Users to Translate Site Into More Languages mashable.com/2011/02/14/twi… via
I want to apologize for not getting us a TD on every drive. It's almost like the other teams don't want us to win. Crazy, right?
Fantastic A&E w/ among others
Washington Post editorial board condemns Obama's NLRB, favors Boeing - How can this be?
Me, too--I miss you!! & I need tips for zombie apocalypse prep!! :) xoxo
Good Morning
10 down, 4 moe to go ! M, that girl
do you wanna meet for dinner?
100 degrees? Swing by Costco at 222 Martin Luther King from 10-2 for a cheesesteak & Italian ice - cool.
Final performance of "Nine Parts of Desire" today at 2pm! Only a handful of tickets left so grab yours fast! 766-9412
Good morning world: #BlessedGang we N this thang 1luv to the gritterz whatever u do be a beast at it
Awee :D I am loved by the 2012-2013 FCA Photographer, my life is complete.
Loving the new apartment! Even though moving is no fun:/
BREAKING: com feature "Pie Head (A Kinda' True Story)" Official Selection for the INTL FAM FILM FEST (Raleigh Studios, 3/23). more soon
I'm home sick :(
#Massive S/O to all my new #lovely followers!! All of you ladies are freaking amazing and officially AWESOME!!! Thank you everyone =D Grazie
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I hate sleep
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO THESE CUTIES ♥ ~~> & ! They are so nice and sweet! MUST FOLLOW :D ;****
We found second place yes!
News team...assemble!
can't believe lack of respect for chicago bulls on ESPN coverage... AND saying dwade and lebron are best of ALLTIME, come on.
I need to get on my a-game.
Whatever Peter Griffen is smoking I want some. Haha, seeing ice cream mountains and shitt. :)
#Breitbart I have always said that an honest life means some will toast your death."I'm glad that SOB is gone." So don't fret the haters.RIP
: Internet connection has incr (mobile, game console). Project 1 trillion connected devices & 143+ devices per person by 2013.
Big props to & for keeping me up on #NFLDraft while I'm Calling soccer for .3-0 Standley Lake v TJ
BEAT DAT ASS SPURS. BEAT DAT ASS.
Games create a space for emergent behavior, leading to creative problem solving - quoting #NYU prof Frank Lance
want to go to Hugh Jass for it? I hear its going to be packed!
1 of post-show failings, moderated convos (like surveys) can adjust aud impulse Not authentic as visceral resp.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. ~ George Moore
He may be famed and influential, but if you ever visit the IIT campus in Chicago, you'll see that Mies wasn't perfect.
With the homie
Slept right through rolling in at XX:XXam. Guess I must be getting used to it.
happy to help :)
Rumi lounge tonight new trendy Thursdays!
Thank you for the bday wish!
"Dude... I ate 3 burritos, then got a blowjob. Little did she know that she was giving me a
Tegan and sarah...boning
Listening to "Love or Leave Him?" Please tweet us your advice! We need to help "M!"
i have 3 left
Did you ever hear tune Old Crow Medicine Show did with Marcus Mumford? I posted it on my FB but not on Good Music Club. Will do.
Ferrari boyz is a fire album. Bricksquad and southside etc did fire work.
Welcome to #Turnberry! RT : Wow! Sounds absolutely divine!
How's everyone doin tonight?!(:
oh ha damn was it really. Thought we was getting close to two. Thats why guys don't remember that shit for, a reason like this
I'd love to know what you find!
Ugh so annoying. Should have been Kristen Wiig.
Why are you trying to diss the Pres. and not Mitt Romney? He supports equal rights for all. All rights.
My dad is using I think that is pretty damn cool.
Our first day on the stage today, And our first 10 out of 12 hour day
MandyRain . hey how are you ? i haven't talked to you in forever either :o
Save the date - ILC Film Series presents Burma VJ on Dec. 16.
I can't beat her - well maybe once :-)
Magic kingdom is a dYE day park. Hollywo availab
Watching Robot Chicken for the 1st time ever.... NUTS!!!
Was having a crummy week and that was before the awful news about Adam Yauch. R.I.P. MCA
I LOVE IT! I'm definately digging the lows and highs. But your lows are just amazing!!! It's all so good
Thanks for taking the pledge.
(c) "And this is how his soap smells. I bet his cologne smells like this..." Keke~^^ And he was just like,"-__-"
Hooray! You have great parents. See you soon!
Homecoming was stupid.
I went to my goddaughter's piano recital tonight - she was the best (in every way)!
Had a goodtime out but I am glad to b home in my bed!!
I don't know how you're getting this home, but this is yours...
you can get a nail trimmer. Works pretty well.
Look for #HotOffers from merchants giving you cash back for being a loyal shopper!
pshhhh I don't know what your talking about haha
accuracy is speed.. theres never time to do it right but theres always time to do it over..
I'm coming westest week as well.
but knives???? I'm gonna have to hear about this Sunday lol
Happy New Year ! Hope to see U in 2012...come to GA ;-)
Gearing up for Photolucida and finalizing plans for Diffusion I exhibition at Jennifer Schwartz Gallery
When I saw Liam and Silver trending I though of Liam Payne
YOU are a gorgeous woman!!!!!!!!
Ur still fat on the inside
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I am Not down with lies and games! Play me the way YOU want to be played
I have a feeling this is not going to be a good night for my Jayhawks. #Mizzou will win this one handily.
haha we will keep winning for ya
that's awesome where is that?
yes hamlet
RT - some guy in front of me has a miami seaquarium shirt. I wonder if he can give me free tickets to swim with dolphins ! ;D
+try 2 purchase there way to 'enlightemtnt' cool, but can only form thoughts within the framework of the marketplace +
Excited to check out tonight. Who has already experienced their Week One? Menu favorites?
#Cubs in their dugout watching the #Cardinals receive World Series rings. A ceremony that will never happen at Wrigley Field
Thanks for the RT! Let us know when you'll be back
I'm not sure when summer storms began 2 require my listening to Broken Social Scene, but my annual craving kicked in last night & hasnt quit
RT : We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~ Winston Churchill
market bound for my blue cheese and wine.
Best night ive had in a while!
A3. Thats tough I would build on iOS/Apple if budget is limited-they have the largest following at this time
A few overall thoughts, before I get some video gaming (Lego Harry Potter II - 26% done, y'all) before bed: 1. Really: meticulous.
So i was creepin' and I saw this and I must say that's easily the most underrated song on that record.
we've got two shows tonight. Holy potato pancakes!
No way, you're so generous! Thank you :-)
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
my kind of guy
A whole week of night shifts, yes.
it would be lovely to see these peonies bloom. hopeful. such a kind gift.
That's why you don't swing on 3-0
Free Pinkberry samples at Old.New.Blue!
nice selection of life vest too! Perfect for a #wearit event this Saturday!
I love early mornings by myself. sometimes....
Will CU get cheated out of going to "The Dance" again?
Tigers people I'm following...you were hilarious and awesome right there. I might have used different words if we had lost. But we didn't.
thanks brother what you think of that commercial
Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Syria, Libya, Tunisia, Yemen, Saudi, Jordan, Lebanon, Gaza and Israel right in the middle. Security? Peace?
Hi there love! How are you? ♥
Punk'd!!! look on face is priceless!! lmfaooo way to go !! XD
don't forget about the SAM ReMix this Friday! I'll be there
The real question here is how many Plumlees does it take to lose to LeHigh?
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
NICE TAN DADY.....
Progressive San Diego endorses Lori as the "progressive's progressive" - money can't buy true progressive values/ grassroots support!
can't wait till tomorrow and I'm Sugarland Bound to Pikeville. Be sure you look for the Sugarmoblie.
You too! Looking frwd to meeting you all!
Have YOU seen the all new www.markstuartdancetheatre.org?
#42-Michael Turner-RB-Atlanta Falcons
please eat a twinkie!
Today was actually hella exciting! Had dinner with and her family!
RT : " Thanks for the follow, checking you guys out now. Nice site." Thank you!!
is the best!! Had it for the first time yesterday and if you haven't heard of them start following them today!
New post: Garmin Rino 130 Handheld / Trail GPS with Two-Way Radio
WE R FILMING - FREAKNIC FEST - THE MOVIE... GRANT PARK - ths SATURDAY - THE LEGENDARY EVENT RETURNS - bring yr sexiest girlfriends
Wondering if iCloud is going to take off or if it's going to be another .me / mobileme flop. Opinions? Maybe the #cloud name will help?
Same here. Vinyl for this chick. No question.
I love it when you on top buss a liddle back shot . None a dem nuh have that some of them runnin we a go tell a gyal yooooooooooooooooo
Hand's down MT Raise your hand if you think #Obama is "evolving" on same sex marriage + isnt yet intellectually in support of it
Q: What is the strongest bird? A: A crane!
Every time I attempt to start my homework, I fall asleep.
bendos only chance is too push a hi pace and tire edgar out but edgars cardio has never been a question edgars boxing is more
how about couch burning and Scruffs?
Retweet if you have a dream♡ [Follow me, & ask for a follow back!]
Hey Ben, check your email.
#HoldUp I know it is an easy one but, no nomination for Mike Smith and the
Sad day. I cant watch new music video cos I cant view it in my country :( now I am sad
dude, sober tweet this disturbing, cruel
Monsters INC is on Dinsney xd right now!
Great, young talent coming out of Dallas. The workshop this week was very inspiring.
Shit you ain't gotta tell me twice
Will do :) Thank you!
Hey Lou it's an old friend from back in Dallas... still making any music these days?
RT : Need Hope? Look into a Child’s Eyes.
I need a license and a smartcar I can take to the store once ina while.
Pam Satran's new book "How Not To Act Old" reviewed in Wall St. Journal, snickers galore, 50ladies, lose the redhats & watches, must read!
I LOVE YOU!!! Seriously. You are such a blessing in my life and I'm soo stinking thankful God gave me your friendship!!
Just a moment ago I got done writing another Short Story. called ''The Northren Lake Shore'' Mainly about my home and where I came from.
RT this msg to be entered for a chance to win a pair of tix to Lunatic Luau ft @ Farm Bureau Live Beach on 5/4!
oh no! Then what should we use for cleaning brick, and treating wood for termite protection?
how are you?
I think I might enjoy a long walk outside before the potential rain showers. I love spring. Best wishes for a wonderful day!
Designing cards for my mom and MIL for #mothersday right now. Thanks &
Look forward to the show!
Thanks for asking! I've written romantic novels, YA novels, and co-authored two books about autism. I'm glad you like the titles!
Could we do something about "palling"? As in "palling around with"? Good. K thx bye.
Do you love Johnny Depp? Well right now is the chance 2C him at the Chinese Theater, Hollywood Blvd, Hollywood CA
We came out cold, and they were lights out. We just got a good old-fashioned butt-whipping - Rick Howard
I look forward to seeing you tonight as we minister!
IT'S THE PICTURES THAT GOT SMALL!
they need more police!! Its horrible.. when my car got broken into it took like 3 hours for a cop to come..
- Many more will know soon. The insurance industry has vastly broadened their definition of a "preexisting condition."
happy birthday to my beautiful and fashionable friend :)
lets just peddle to fast forward.
2/16 the blackhawks take on the rangers .... wanna go ?
Love it. The Deputy Secretary just tasked with solving the "spork problem".
sounds like
My pinky and ring finger fell asleep.
thanks for RT, Bill.
Summer Courses are good as is in Course Book. No changes (as of yet).
For your Roth project: check out Goodbye, Columbus; American Pastoral; The Plot Against America. All are indulgent & satisfying.
....oh and Malka just bombed his tenth. #Maineiacs couldn't ask for a better start....2-0 under 3 in the 1st.
Although, as Rick avers, I once took a PhD seminar where 1 student hid all the books on Sidney; true story.
when I'm down, I check my spam box and I feel like the luckiest, smartest, business woman. I have deals all over the world.
#MayThe4thBeWithYou That is all.
please choose me I really dont wanna let my daughters down :-)
Pineapple + shallots + cilantro + toasted coconut = food heaven.
Why aren't u following me..?
I grew up with this team.RT : thanks for answering my Twitter q's! Your passion for the Crew is apparent
shit was so real we had to split a slice of pizza..
Empire mixtapes.... not for the weakhearted
Pat Summitt stepped down. What a legend. Good luck to her and her battle with Alzheimers.
More power to you, lady of gracious style and searing sexuality! X
Eating cough drops, watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix, and painting my nails. Other than the cold, I'm totally
Guess I'm going to the fucking doctor... give me some flonase
Happy Korean Thanksgiving Day!!!
Another round of auditions today.
I will never get over Eli Manning. Or One Direction.
oh I didn't even realize that! Sorry haha
new regime..
Ghost, goblins and grown ups? Yes!! It’s Halloween for adults at Nanini. Sign up to make an glass-jar ornament & artist trading card. Oct 6
hehehehe(: i'm on my way now! We're gettng a picture today because i'm sad I was left out on friday!!
right so tweet will see if he replies n I still hvent heard from chris I hope he understands
All Ads Are Free http:TexasUsedauto.com
My friend wanted me to go to attendance recovery with him so he wouldn't be alone
my bundle didnt come in yet:(
Is your stream up yet?
whatever, you commie sympathizing R hater
Just got a script for liners in my inbox. Excited to voice them for hometown area station Baltimore's Rock Radio. Dreams do come true.
The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love. William Sloane Coffin
. Not At All! Does he get credit if Bosh comes back even though Rose and Noah got hurt?
Hello Vinny. Just Another Fan Tweet Here. Lol. But If You Could And It Would Mean Alot, To Follow Me? But I Mean U Dont Have2
now we are
That's awesome. :]
my teeth hurt, i should get my braces off in 8 weeks :)
I know I miss you too. And yes. My phone has been dead and I have been too lazy to plug it up. Are you going camping?
I have more iPod cases than pairs of shoes lol
Yoko Do you have any fears walking the streets of New York City today?
I don't pretend that i have a perfect life on social webs because i keep everything real....
Indeed.. I teach kids and they are so picky at times. But I get them to try as much as I can...
milk? lol yuck!
A very Happy Birthday to the almighty !
I can sing this song all the way through and I am so proud of myself.
I'll be chanting "vote vote vote vote" all day now'
amiga we're about to hit the stage for noche 2 of DJing in #flagstaff, thinking of you DJ! hope you're well! Send me some tracks
I feel like a change.. I've been the same for too long.. getting ideas now,
The illegal left on 9th and Broad is my favorite Seattle driving move. Serious SLU traffic avoidance.
yeah I will be at both!
Listening To Old Songs In 2012. I Feel So Old School. (:
I use 4overtrade.com - a great value-priced b2b printing place in Glendale, CA. fast turnaround.
What's beef?
I love you too Kate. I miss you so much!
I'm not a minority! Nel Blu de pinto blue
When you were a kid, Rick Moranis and Scooter the Muppet were the same person to you too, right?
The road to darkness has a way of always knowing my name
for sure i will follow
": “: According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060.”
You're so vain. You probably think this post is about you.
follow me
Takeaway 1: books, tech, and multimedia can all play well together if you teach them (and their communities) how.
If you need any tips for living and thriving with snow on the ground, I'm an expert. Chicago gets lots of the white stuff. :)
Good morning twitterverse! Did you know that you can get a geographically targeted ad for as little as $40/month?
Off work and getting ready for the midnight showing! Finally!
Once more into the GIMP. The local Linux group is presenting GIMP.
I can't wait to watch iCarly when Got bathed by :)
I use “LOL” way too much. Half the time I don’t even laugh out loud. I kinda just chill there with a blank face.
Chill Heat fans, y'all got amped like this last year.... And, well......
Just rearranged. Gonna skip Delta Spirit for YOU!! Can't wait to see you.
haha most were duplicates. I only have 5 and two are work devices! :)
wus up wit the bad boys 3?? I know u get that all the time huh?
haha. I hope the sign language means I love you in reality (; haha. #takeaLOL :P
was mad at you?? After that episode
oh no! Been on the road all day. Phone dead to rasss ....smh
ha! You're funny. :)
There better be some good shit to do in Seattle for 2 days...
Thanks for the RT ! Happy Sipping my friend!
Based on the interpretation I'm reading "A Christian should not have a spirit of carping criticism & fault-finding"
Cannot find my Mockingjay book. :(
miss you too (= Follow me?
sadly, we don't really have great choices down here...
no I didn't!!! I wasn't close enough to get good picture :-(
congrats on the deal, glad you are going to get a shot at redemption
How was London?
sb is my literary soul mate
Going to a soup kitchen tonight! I wonder what is for dinner?
lol >_> im gonna kill her:O
: Feeling some sweet revenge on my mate today
People in this world fall because they hate taking orders and not realizeing that you haft to take orders to someday give orders...
RIP Dave Hilkert. My glass is up for you tonight. I will remember. RIP
Big booty bitchess
Yeah. Well if you want to text me: 417.274.2562.(:
Valentine Cookies These Valentine cookie recipes include heart-shaped sugar cookies, chocolate sugar cookies, shortbread Read Full Post V
LIN is great for the NBA and all ASIANS around the world, he makes my eyes feel better.
Remind me to tell you about my rain shelter experience.
If these walls could talk, they'd tell a horror story.
where did they get fans from....
me to. I think I'm moving to Dallas YOLOLOLOL
you won't be missing anything - it's just going to be a quite Tuesday. I've had plenty of bday goodness already:)
Wiley Article Select Tokens way to access titles not held in library collections
greetings! how would one go about submitting a potential book for review or story idea? thanks in advance!
On this day in 1862 Confederates evacuated Norfolk, burning supplies in the process. 2 days later, the CSS Virginia also had to be abandoned
Jones came through with some big rebounds at the end.
Did you guys know that Coca-Cola does not market their products to anyone under 12?
Changed my username back cause people unfollowed me when i changed it. Merp.
Two popular accounts I love now follow me! :) yay.
30m in the reg line for the 1500 and not even inside the reg room yet
It's a legal rule called duty of fair representation. These players could sue the NFLPA (and win) if they didn't appeal.
#A4bos today's events RT“: Follow 4 updates on how Bostonians are fighting back against fare hikes. #OB #OWS”
smh you told me you we're ganna name her anna!!! Lier
just the parking situation during a wedding. don't worry (:
had the same joke, and I'm kinda miffed at myself for not thinking of it first.
I wouldn't use capitol letters anymore. They make you look short.
Over thinking <<<
Check out the team these guys are top tier when it comes to custom white label daily deal software!!www.dailydealpros.com
ur really PRETTY we should tlk more!!":)
It's rare to sit through two hours of anything with a smile on your face. Thanks again, Matthew Weiner.
#1 Nifty Dream has great workouts showing and the replay shows that the jockey did not appear to try last time from the 11 post.
yeah man, politics are just like football. Lefties vs. Righties. My team will beat your team. You paint elephants on ur face?
sounds like a plan. Great to see you and your husband
PLEASE SUPPORT TOBY RYAN FOR AUSTIN CITY COUNCIL and make sure to register to vote if you aren't, cuz time is running out!
#SongsThatGiveYouGooseBumps stairway to Heaven back-tracked!
actionable design insights! A mouthful! Are you coming to #et11 ?
Big series. Hope the weather holds off and game gets played. 2/3 would be nice. CJ needs to set the tone & Pujols needs to relax and HIT
go #gatorgymastics :) deserved WAY HIGHER than a 9.925 on floor! she was FLAWLESS.
yup yup yup. so. our trip to see austin can be moved foward because he lives closer now. well, i live closer to him.
YAY BAND. pull the gold thing up there should be a spot to do that. are the chairs in there or are you on the floor?
So much to say about that game, but its probably a good idea not to say it...
it was an accident
underground noise/ electro-acoustic performance every sunday in june and july at 7pm at Avant Garden, 411 Westheimer...
Not much got a party goin on! Happy bday!!!
Drumbeat of the Ants
That was offensive to all women. He is a total whack job.
I need a car! I think there's still some space in the driveway if I park sideways!
Can someone tell me why Santa Anita Cheesecake Factory's Meat Sauce Pasta taste SO BAD compare to the one inGlendale Americana?
"If it weren’t for Walmart eating up all the little corner grocers and hardware stores, the Germans, Japanese, & Chinese would have"
Outdoor fest and rain. no bueno.
I have you trying different kinds of shit shit when you make it up into my room
However, these are (yet another) exercise in self-delusion. Significantly complicate the bureaucracy while having negligible/no impact
I am a master of rainy days.
Everybody go to billy bobs Saturday for birthday party! No alcohol or drugs permitted
They got me fucked up if they think I'm gone trust them again!
Good Night & Sweet Dreams Everywhere! Lov u!
Maybe museum staff need internal social media community too?
This guy who works at the Target near my house looks JUST like Ryan Gosling.
you can't sit there & tell me you wouldn't want one of those... whatever tickets you wanted, whenever you wanted them
Do you keep it the same, or do you make it original when you sing it?
I have dill, lavender, strawberries and I'm cloning peppermint... I've got all the plants I need for summer. ;)
#sandiego baby girl!! Meekay is coming in 2 days!
As I start to judge the man who just ate four donuts at Dunkin Donuts, I realize I'm eating a hungover breakfast sandwich at 4 p.m. Oof.
his party tips are AMAZING
Yeah got back last Wednesday.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Found a McDonald's that sells their big macs for a dollar.
really! that's great! funny how that works! :)
Show & Tell? When does a portfolio belong in the interview process . . .
I hate that also.
yay hi guys
Tay!!! What are you doing?!
awesome, glad they could help you! The PlayTouch is gr8 too, gorg touchscreen and great audio.
Everything in life leads me back to a song. Grateful that reignited my passion.
I have no idea what Katie just said. What are you talking about?
You would give me luggage! (and advertise!)
The new def of #PR is "PR is a strategic comm process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations & their publics."
Thanks. I live in county supervisor district 5. How do I sort through 7 candidates? I know very little about most of them.
Man #congrats 2 the NY #Giants tht ws a phenomenal come back! 38yrd catch + crazy eas final TD. I think the Giants might just be my nw team
Thanks for losing my baggage claim after losing my bag. Have to start over, after 3+ months. So frustrated.
Bye!!!! Those are your cousins. Please let them know that being ratchet in public places does not mean that they're tough.
I need a suggestion for a turn-key hosting/web editor for my mom. She's done web editting, but wants something very simple.
#veganhelp I don't want to rely on fake meat products. Stick to things that are found in nature.
How in the world one simple end of a sentence overheard on the phone could be so significant and right in time?
You are literally the most ignorant person in the world.
Hey are you at the #CPShow hosted by ? Stop by our booth and enter to win a large screen TV!
Luv'd it, ! RT hey thx for posting that funny infographic! I created it, maybe I'm biased? Just wanted 2 say thx :)
Planking should be done on active railroad tracks
joe Mauer didnt acknowledge how sweet The #Detroit #Tigers are?? Bad for minnesota twins this season lol!
KLUSOZ IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! I'M ALREADY IN CRUNK MODE!! BETTER BE READY! POW
Hope everyone have a great exam today...good luck !
Don't believe when they say you suck, and don't believe when they say you're incredible. Believe in yourself and you will do well
I see how it is, tweeting about beer at 4 am!
might as well make friends, she'll be with you till the end.
Fan of Fan 2!!! Coming Soon #ImOnIt!!!
Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with
agree on yr action hero concern but is only mayor i know who's ever run in 2 a burning building
We're excited that you're involved! RT : I am excited to be involved in on 11/5/11.
did you screw it up?
Dating for 4months and no "action" yet...Is he gay or just a nice guy? We need your help to decide 222-9800
We met → We talked → We liked → We dated → We committed → I loved → You cheated → We’re DONE → You're deleted.
Mom's still pretty sick. :( I hope you're having a really great date night! Happy birthday!
Happy Mother's Day! And to all you dad's (MF's), multiply the fun in the morning. They've earned it.
Remember to get out and #vote today, #Wisconsin!
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." -- Zig Ziglar (an American author, salesperson, and moti…
Grow #WIDairy will grow investments, set stage for innovation, increase number of jobs. Aimed at ALL farmers -- including those brand new.
oh edawrd and bella.
Yikes! 3 days left to save! Register for Go Go Green early bird pricing today! bit.ly/9CUYID
There is talk of bringing karaoke back on Monday's. The #EAVillagio's only karaoke???
by my count, that's 11 consecutive Rockies retired after Rosario's moonshot of a home run in the 4th...
serenity now, insanity later
Kids Safety Day at the Family Fun Center in Wilsonville this weekend... we'll be doing free Safe Assured Kids ID Kits! Starts at Noon!
"The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb." Jorge Luis Borges
You know what is a really cool feature that cars have? Blinkers.
TIME FOR THE LAKESHOW TO TAKE OUT THE THUNDER IN THIS SERIES GAME 1 LETS GET IT
um... his fame is so strange to me! RT Dan Savage has a show on MTV??
Haha RT : It's the overweight meth addicts that have always confused me. RT : Fat vegetarians baffle me.
I love the cover of #DestinationDixie. Perhaps because it was one I found on eBay.
I am on the tarc and this GROWN MAN just SPIT twice INSIDE THE BUS. I AM so disgusted&that used to be my favorite seat. 3x.
“: hey man! Have a great day!” you too, buddy!
Bout to scoop ya girl up like a ground ball
Thanks Ed!
Use the equation. A Wrinkle in Time used drawings to explain string theory/the tessaract.
I'm ready to see a lot of teachers and principals fired in Atlanta Public Schools. Y'all do not need to be teaching kids. Period.
We should get snacks I'm just saying
somebody tell me the best thing to get at dairy queen, now!
Getting ready.
he's out n long beach I see Him six days a week he's really good if your ever out this way come check him out great
Making a 2 hour trip to eat with Mom tomorrow...but she did carry me for 9 months. It's the least I can do. :P
Chasing your dreams? Run fast.
And so ends the experiment known as the American education system.
Nothing to do. Wat should I do???
thanks for reppin! Really happy you guys came out to see us :]] love you guys!
Wow.. What a start to the rose bowl
soon enough!
we listen to our audience...cuz we love you...so bad
WiMAX Forum ITU Telecom World event team well into planning and execution of the WiMAX Forum Member Pavilion activites!
There's too much hate in the #Republican party.
I kno! Why do people hate him so much!?
That moment of regret when u chase ur lil sis out of the room when she's just baked u a bunch of ur favorite cookies love u sis:)
For all you Minecraft people, what's... The point? I built an awesome house, but now what?
Looking forward to following you!
Back on my feet once again, trying to get biz going strong again also getting ready to start filming a very cold surfing movie,back in SAG:)
Thank you for the Twitter #FF love!
Rosie works pretty well. Although it dies on the spot rather than returning to its base. Maybe the battery needs to be replaced?
Ppl only have to help themselves don't nobody owe u shit don't use the ones that take u along for the ride stupid
oh, can you at least read them?
I cried myself to being tired, and i have 6 more hrs to be awake :P
": HAPPY BDAY!!!" THANKS SO MUCH!!! I APPRECIATE IT!!!
Making some cherry limeade and working on updating the website!
gives you this compilation filled with hits.
RT : Going out today to get legislators signed up for one of our 3 priorities-Community Cleanup & Greening Act to reduce plastic bags
I mean i have been trying to have her follow me.!
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
COME TO THE GOOD SIDE MPOP! Denver is the new Titletown w/ PM and YOU!!!
#survey #research when you hear the word #industrial lubricants what #images or words come to mind? 3 words max please!
you did not just say that
you are all with my,, my life, my wold and my hear... to apart of my mom.... I' love you xxooo
First show=best in 6 months. second=worst in 6 years. Wonder what the third will be. Love this job.
Currently recording screams for our new song!!
maybe one day
Im really loving this week off yess
I can eat fast food everyday all day
#thatawkwardmoment when it's going so well, then you notice the big X on the back of her hand.
HOW ARE YOU
No problem(:
pic or it didn't happen!
The model shoot went great today:) Now eating at Kabuki in Burbank.
#ASH11 Enjoying free Georgia peanuts from ACVB. Doing a great job repping my hometown for ASH12!
It went very well - but only one person attended other than library colleagues... so, preaching to the choir.
I took time 2 reflect on My 1st Son who is with God He left us 2 years ago on Dec 7 2009. I Miss him so but,I have his son who is now only5
So flippin good RT : Need to try! RT : hawkers on Mills for tapas style Asian food. seriously a must try!
You can write a guest post for the #DCwineweek blog! Email us your idea at
Clinic today at 4!
Available only at House Of Blues on Sept. 5th. We will be giving away a limited amount of our new album sneek peek. Dont miss out!
RT +1 to using all open source software for collections management.
On Capitol Square just now, a cop pulled a cyclist over for running a red light. Fun time is over.
Spent stupid amounts of money this weekend..
It's been like 3 days since I've heard from . 😳are you alive?
Trying my damnedest to Tweet well. Looking for something interesting to say. Wish me luck from swine flu and bandito drug dealers in Baja.
fanny pak better leave.
This laptop on some other business
I showed up every single class and finals with no pencil!
talk to me ill keep you enertained
There's a great venue for in E Walnut Hills.
I clearly need some new music
2012 it's OBAMA Time again!
god! So excited
Joaquin Rodriguez was very impressive on that steep bit
Congrats to one of my best friends Adam Wenneker on his engagement to his girlfriend of two years, Erin, today!
OK Christmas shopping... You will get completed today. I'll have to find a new adrenaline rush for Christmas Eve this year ;)
Definitely. It's good to meet you, Kate! Give Asheville my best.
Will be in ATX and wanted to know where is a good place to catch the US match Friday?
It's nearly as bleak for men of color. And when movies are produced they contain caricatures, i.e. Tyler Perry.
It's true! I do love Matzo ball soup!
R u mad at yally?
Never knew I had so many pet peeves until I started working in the real world but on a good note it's payday betchesssssss 💰👍
Aye Hands up in the air..!!! Get it chris and sean
My player card approved u niggas denied
First class today (Getting Started) in Computer Boot Camp series. My'brary has been so slow the last couple of days, will people even come?
Thanks for the #FF!
So tired of this bs.
Tired and excited for afternoon coffee. Just to find out someone hijacked my groups coffee pot with STRAWBERRY COFFEE.
God bears with the wicked, but not forever. -Cervantes.
Would love to meet your family when we come to Edmonton. Should be plenty of opportunities! :)
Thinking about everything my family says in a perverted sense..
Come put it on my baby, you driven me so crazy-
LOL!> RT : #derivatives are for #calculus classes!
I am dreaming of a chicken and waffle sandwich.
MY FRiEND T0 SHY T0 TELL Y0U THAT SHE THiNKS Y0UR CUTE. HER NAME iS
Might be a rainy day - why not enjoy our beautiful Roundhouse and explore our amazing Civil War Exhibit - featuring trains used in the war!
Quote Book worthy :) rt : "I got for lunch..I think it was an awesome life decision." -- ”
This movie got me weak
seems the NFL owners are"Greedy Bastards" who wont play fair at negotiating or being transparent about "ALL" Revenues...
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky. The sun is always shining on some part of your life. Go get a tan!
Whoa!!!! WHO IS THIS!
RT : Help! Where would be a good place near the Delta Centre-Ville in Montreal to take a group of 15-20 people for breakfast?
Ever heard Stokely's cover of Make me Say it Again?
I try and do my thing
US media disinterest in foreign news sadly reflects citizens disinterest in foreign news.
Thank you! You go to ISTE almost every year, don't you?
Jacksonville!! We have a show Friday night at the pit for We Still Dream's cd release party. We wanna see you there:)
dog is ok, wallet is sitting this week out on the bench!
"If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality" - Norman Cousins, M.D.
WHY CAN YOU JUST FOLLOW ME
Join us for our Open House tomorrow at 229 S McCadden Place from 11am-2pm!
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS.. To defeat the huns.
Hope your buboes heal quick!
Survived Alumni Weekend..lol
When i was little , 'imma tell your dad' was the scariest thing ever.
thank you!
random rain.
Is it bad I just retweeted a tweet about too many retweets? Did I just break twitter?
We need #food #event and #fashion #bloggers to join for upcoming epics. Are you game for amazing food, cocktails, and fun?
important information
"what's your favorite kind of porn, jonald?" the kind that doesn't need to buffer. #straightstreaming #ayo!
#ILoveJustinBecause he is very talented and grateful of everything and everyone(: <33
Geez I can't believe the charges this guy faces now. And Aziz said he wasn't a terrorist. Kind of scary he lived in my town.
sick of lee high school shit is lame!!
If your body moves when you laugh, kindly put down that milkshake.
Today's media consumption demands strategic shift from USP to POV & that POV must start at the core.~Troy Young
Days off of school; because my highschool cant handle the ridiculous amounts of I listen to on campus. ;)
pretty sure you can unlock badges even if you check in off the grid
no problem. Look forward to kickin out them tweets with u.
RT. If your grateful for the positive people in your life
Friends we not as cool as we once was
Bummed I won't be watching any playoff games tonight. But if the LAkers lose, y'all call me, hear? I'll fudderwacken all over Bmore.
thanks Matt...
oh my god I know how are you!?
Yep. We're sharing info! : is it open to everyone?
In case I didn't thank some of you for the #FF ... Thanks muchly!!
its the only things that taste good lol
looking forward to #ala2010 glad there is always a library conference in dc!
Alas, you missed the point of that Tweet...
haha our boy
Good one, lol
My pleasure. Great creed.
yes the audience does add an unnecessary overlay to the drama.
what channel does that come on?
- do you have a spotify account, or similar, where you share music you like?
I am more productive with classic rock, especially when it streams from Richmond, VA
oh it also defines the internet. when was this thing published?!?!
In the studio. Love creating.
Great my ex just got hired at my job smh here we go
One of my quirks too
Ugh. Body aches! Good thing I'm off.
S/O to glad we are chillin in midland this time around
THANK YOU! Buy purchasing our items online you've helped to fund our mission of preserving West Virginia's musical heritage!
Is he filming in Portland, TN or Oregon? Maybe if in Tn, I'll come out and be an extra or something. Or the damn star! ??
Um Yea RG3 Iz My Cousin On The Holy Bible Hii Yaa Like Me Now
awe, thank you! (:
thanks lizzie! :D
Oh no! Hate to hear you've been sick. Glad the Pacer victory cheered you up. You & Diane stay safe.
#SNLideas — #JasonSudeikis plays at #MIckJagger concert pretending he "gets it" Mick meets Mitt and confesses—he's a fan
Matthias Molnar a Master Tiler from Germany&Cary Mumford a Master Builder from the Northwest. A complete team w/ 35+years of experience!
Eggs on twitter scare me. How hard is it to get a picture?
Wade doing what he does best, making shots in crunch time!
didn't i tell you guys? I got offered sweet tix to the Brewer game Monday. much better than some movie, right?
On my way to the Teller County GOP Central Committee Mtg. The citizens in Divide and nearby are starving for representation.
RT If you must choose between breakfast and Bible: "I treasure the words of his mouth more than my portion of food." Job 23:12
Thanks for the RTs!
Payycee time for me to sleep(:
this morning
At the UW for the Doug Massey lecture: The Causes and Consequences of America’s War on Immigrants
ok.... we best lol
#HappySeptember to all of our Twitter followers!
Denver run!
Gonna lay down. I love you, Beautiful. Kjbe<33
"As if Google wasn't enough, now there's SIRI." Ambivalent feelings about many of these things.
want to go play poker but do not want to sit in traffic lol...
Famous last words RT I want them to live with me. MT These tiger cubs at the zoo are the cutest things I've seen
Being sick is no excuse to slack on work! It is, however, an excuse to work in my jammies.
yes I know how
OK friends. Off to Vegas to track our new drummer Joe Maietta. We will be in Hit Track Studios, where some recording of Five Finger...
Sending the happiest birthday wishes and AUGURI to my Piccolina, ! Take some time to celebrate today bella!
This guy is a downer in. every. scene.
because you're fucking pissing me off, and I'm fucking calling you to tell you shit. Because obviously you're not listening
You're deep-fried pickles are amazing! Tell Ryan to put them on the menu permanently! Yum!
already pimp! Nice doing business with u!!!
Yeah, I'm no Doyle fan either but he Kevin Conroy could really challenge Walker on jobs. We also need $ for this race.
break a leg and a heel my glam goddess. can't wait to see my monster mama come through cleveland again. Bon voyage girl!
If you are interested in a job with us please contact us at .
Warped tour in 3 days!!
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
Jenn- "I'm like a fish."
I love it
BRACES OFF TOMORROW. (:
i need food, like, bad
wtf are you saying, go back in the kitchen bitch where you belong LOL
Did you kow that the most neglected area of vehicle service is the transmission? Most major repairs in this area cost $2000.00 plus
The wisest of people in this world are those that admit when they are wrong.
Im not trying to impress anybody but... I was watching PG-13 movies 2 years ago.
Went to "Social Media-Is your IP Leaking Out?" Companies need to consider the EULA, copyright, security, social media policy
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 17
YES Clair! RT > : "about to debut my dj set" yeah I bet you are...press play and pretend to queue up for an hour.
what up best dj in Miami?
looking forward to seeing u there! We are selling at an unprecedented rate! I'm super pumped!!
Sucking down a Pimm's Cup (or two) before heading out with friends for Thai in Ballard.
In case you were wondering, there are Starbucks in Madrid, Seville, Granada and Barcelona. Also Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds.
FOLLOW ME<3!!
Winner:Linda Hilsenhoff-$50 gift card to Wasabi! Refer a patient to us and get entered in a monthly drawing to win a $50 gift card anywhere!
...whenever there's a crisis if you can get people to eating normally things get better. #Madeleine L'Engle
Does Chris Carter still have a chance or does it diminish each year he doesn't get in?
Thanks for the follow and the kindness Everyone here digs you, too!
